NEWCASTLE RACES, FRIDAY.

Sweepstakes of 2 sovs., with a Purse added from the Innkeepers'
Fund, for ponies not thorough-bred, under 14% hands high ;
three yrs old, 7st. 41b ; five, and aged, 9st. 41b. 4 Subs.
Mr. Jackson's Priestess, 6 yrs Robinson 1 1
Mr. Angus's b. in. by Sir James, 5 yrs... 2 2
Mr. Simpson's Henze'', 3 yrs, also started, but was not placed.

LIVERPOOL CEP, P.P.
5 to 4 agst Sir J. Boswell's General Chasse—taken
5 to 1 agst Mr. Bowes's Mundig—taken
10 to 1 agst Mr. Mostyn's Birdiime—taken
12 to 1 agst Duke of Leeds's Longinus—taken
100 to 5 agst Lord Wilton's Aurelius—taken
100 to 4 agst Mr. 's Vestment
100 to 6 agst I.Ard Westminster's Oswald—taken
100 to 6 agst Mr. E. Peel's Tamworth—taken
100 to 1 agst Mr. J. Robinson's Stockport
ST. LEGER BETTING AT NEWCASTLE.
5 to 1 agst Lord Wilton's Gladiator—taken
6t:, 1 agst Colonel Westenra's Wedge—taken
8 to 1 agst Mr Orde's Beeswing—taken
9 to 1 agst Mr. Mostyn's Trapball
10 to 1 agst Lord Lichfield's Ellis
12 to 1 agst Colt by Sultan, out of Rachel

THE GREAT MATCH AGAINST TIME.—SUC-
CESS OF MR. ROBINSON.—(THIS DAY. )—Mr. Robinson, the
celebrated amateur, having selected this morning to perform
the aquatic feat of rowing from London Bridge to Gravesend and
back, in the unprecedented short space of time—eight hours,
the river, for some time previous to his starting, was crowded
by eight, six, and four-oared cutters. The appearance of
Gravesend Reach was quite animating, flags being seen
flying in every direction, and the whole river being
completely studded with vessels, yachts, gallies and punts,
which were seen flying along the water in every direction.
Mr. Robinson at a little before four o'clock, took his station at
London Bridge, and everything having been prepared, and
the signal given, he started, accompanied by several cutters,
and the SwYlsure steamer, on board of which were his
friends, backers, and umpires. Mr. Robinson arrived back at
the starting-place exactly at 29 minutes and 50 seconds past
eleven, having completed this wonderful undertaking in seven
hours, 29 minutes, and 50 seconds within the given time of
eight hours, thereby_ having half an hour, and ten seconds, to
spare.

-
MRS. TROLLOPE'S NEW WORK ON AMERICA.
—The new satirical work by this popular writer, just published,
contains no less than fifteen engravings, descriptive of the do-
mestic manners and peculiarities of our transatlantic brethren.
The work abounds with humourous incidents, to which addi-
tional effect is given by the rich classical phraseology of the
States. The ridiculous anomalies to be found in the social
condition of that special land of freedom, in the barbarous
Lynch-law, and other atrocities, connected with slavery, and
the false position of the Quadroon females (so repulsive to every
moral feeling), are lashed with the same ability which rendered
her former work on the same subject so extensively popular.
The Duke of Richmond, who will henceforth be
connected with the North, intends to revisit Gordon Castle
in August next. His Grace has declared his resolution of
spending, if possible, three or four months every year at the
Castle, and will continue the establishment of the late Duke
of Gordon, in all its essential details. This intelligence has
spread over the village of Fochabcrs and the adjoining coun-
try, and has diffused the most lively joy and gratification...—
Inverness Courier.

On Thursday the incorporation of the Weavers of
Glasgow met to consider the Lord Advocate's Bill for im-
proving the municipal institutions of Scotland, when it was
carried, by a large majority, to petition Parliament in favour
of the measure, in so far as the abolition of the exclusive privi-
lege of the incorporated trade is concerned.

His Majesty has granted a free pardon to two
men, named Russell and Boden, the former of whom was con-
victed at the Wilts Assizes, and the latter at the Sessions, for
two alleged highway robberies on a man named Green.
Green, who, it appears, had received nearly 201. for his costa
on these occasions, found the trade of prosecuting so profit-
able a one that he accused a third man, named James, of a
third robbery, which led to the detection of the whole affair,
and of a system very much resembling the well-known trade of
blood-money.

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 28,1836.

The public will learn without surprise, and we are sure
without regret, that the Lords have rejected at a blow the
Amendments of the Commons on the Irish Corporation Bill
as altered by their Lordships. In thus scornfully repulsing
the conciliatory:advances made by the Representative Body,
the Lords have made it plain that they are anxious to try
their strength with the people. They were the first ag-
gressors—they attacked the privileges of the Commons
in a manner wholly unprecedented. The Bill sent up to
them for the Reform of the Municipal Institutions of Ireland
they changed in title, in preamble, in principle, in detail—
in every thing in short which constitutes the identity of
a measure—and when the Commons endeavour to re-
store to it some of its original features, anxious at the
same time to avoid collision, and for that purpose willing
to concede all that could be conceded, their moderation is
construed into pusillanimity, their concessions treated with
disdain, their amendments spurned—aye, kicked out with-
out even being deemed worthy of examination. Such is the
course which the planet-stricken Peers have thought it ex-
pedient to pursue, and that, too, not on the spur of the
moment—not in a fit of sudden irritation—but when all
such feelings, if ever they existed, must have subsided, and
after the most mature and solemn deliberation. They
have, with that chivalrous disregard of consequences which
provokes a smile when one reads of Don QUIXOTTE attack-
ing the windmill, thrown down their gage to the people, who
will not be slow to accept the challenge. Retreat for either
party is no longer practicable. The battle must be fought
hand to hand, and foot to foot, till one or other of the comba-
tants fall, or sue for mercy. A victory there must be.
Need we predict which will prove the victorious party—the
people or the Lords ? We may refer to the past for the
shadowing forth of the future. The Lords have never yet
encountered the people without being worsted—never, even
when the power of the people was as nothing to what it
now is, and that of the Lords immeasurably beyond its pre-
sent amount. We shall now sec—to use a Chinese simile—
whether eggs can conflict with stones.
We beg the reader's attention to the debate which pre-
ceded this insane decision of the Tory Peers. We find on
the one side, all that eloquence, founded on reason, justice,
and sound policy, could, urge to dissuade the Lords from
the mad career on which they were entering, advanced
by Lords GREY, MELBOURNE, HOLLAND, awl FALKLAND,
the Duke of RICHMOND, and the Marquis of CLANRI-
CARDE ; while, on the other, there appear Lords LYND-
HURST, WINCHILSEA, ELLENBOROUGH, WHARNCLIFFE,
and RIPON, together with the Duke of WELLINGTON and
the Marquis of WESTMEATH, supporting the opposite
course, and advocating the rejection of the Commons'
amendments. The introductory speech of Lord MEL-
BOURNE was truly excellent. The Noble Lord explained
succinctly and clearly the nature of the amendments made
in the Bill by the Commons, and in a manly, straightfor-
ward, but at the same time moderate and conciliatory tone,
pressed upon the House the propriety of taking them into
consideration. In the course of his speech, he could not
well avoid alluding to the shameful tergiversation displayed
by Lord LYNDHURST on the subject of Catholic Emancipa-
tion, and it is but justice to say that a more complete exposure
of political rottenness never was exhibited to public view.
The unprincipled and truckling place-hunter was laid bare
to the very bone—absolutely anatomised ; and so keenly did
he feel the dissecting scalpel, that the greater part of his
speech was taken up by a feeble and most unsuccessful
attempt to vindicate himself. Not more successful was
the Learned ex-Chancellor's endeavour to explain
the expression he applied to the Irish—that expres-
sion to be held in everlasting; remembrance by every
man who has a drop of Irish blood in his veins.

The expression he did not deny ! On the contrary, he
vindicated it ! ! And on what ground did he justify him-
self for denouncing the Irish as " aliens in blood, in reli-
gion, in language, and in feeling." Can it be believed?
Because somebody had sung a ballad about the streets of
Kilkenny, in which the English are called " cursed de-
mons!!!" This is the excuse advanced by a man who has
held the Great Seal of England, for libelling a nation—
the third part of the British empire. But we turn with
disgust from the lamentable exhibition which this
man has made of himself and of his party, and point with
pride and triumph the reader's attention to the speech of
Lord GREY, in which will be found an unanswerable chain
of argument in favour of the Ministerial measure, and a
warning such as none but Lord GREY could have given,
and none but the House of Lords rejected, against pro-
ceeding to extremities by throwing out the amend-
ments of the other House. Our limits will not
allow us to do more at present than merely advert
to this noble address, but it is so full of wisdom, and
that wisdom clothed in so much beauty, that we shall to-
morrow lay some of its many excellencies more particu-
larly before the public.

The particulars of the regicidal attack upon the King of
the FRENCH on Saturday evening; will be found in another
part of The Sun, copied from the Paris Journals of Sunday.
From the examination of the assassin, it would appear that
he is a political enthusiast, rendered desperate by want.
He may have accomplices, though he asserts the contrary ;
and he may be one of a band of conspirators who have de-
voted their lives to the ridding France of her present Sove-
reign, though he states that no one was cognizant of his in-
tentions. It cannot be doubted that his madness has " a
method in 't" which betrays his crime to have been long
familiar to his mind ; while his language proves him to be-
long to a political school, in which moderation is regarded
as apostacy, and constitutional opposition to a Government
as a cowardly -expedient to avoid the hazard of physical
suffering. '

Much as we deprecate these base attempts upon the life
of the Sovereign of the FRENCH—greatly as we regret--that
the soil of France should be polluted with the footstep of
a wretch capable of attempting so monstrous a crime—and
willing as we are to believe that Lours PHILLIPPE is per-
sonally beloved as a father, by nine-tenths of his subjects—
we cannot but be convinced that the adoption of a diffe-
rent policy on the part of the Government is necessary to
the preservation of his MAJESTY'S life. Fear has
no influence over the Republican mind of France.
Measures of severity have been often enough tried to
no purpose. Even the guillotine has no terrors for
those madmen who believe that every stone in the altar of
liberty ought to be cemented by the blood of Kings. Let
an opposite line of policy be henceforth adopted, and we
will pledge ourselves that the KING may walk unattended
through all Paris in the most perfect safety. To the Go-
vernment of France we say—try the effect of a general poli-
tical amnesty. The more you persecute the more despe-
rate and dangerous will you render your enemies ; and those
who beholding Louis PrinurrE as a King, would bend in
lowliness of heart before his throne, will raise against his
sacred person the arm of the assassin, to revenge the death
of the political martyrs of their family. You can neither shield
from danger the person of the KING, nor can you hope by
severe measures to deter men from the commission of a
crime, for whom the guillotine has no terrors.

PARIS, JUNE 25.

A letter from Madrid of the 17th, informs us that—" 80
waggons with provisions and effects for the troops, left Madrid
yesterday (the 16th.) The Government has kept the promise
it made to Cordova; we shall see whether the General on his
side will keep his word, and begin operations as soon as his
army has the necessary supplies. He will also receive in a
few days 4 millions of reals, advanced by Messrs. Ardonin at
the instance of M. de Rayneval, and on the express condition
that this sum shall be applied exclusively to the use of the
army. But if Cordova does not act promptly, he will surely
be dismissed ; for the storm is gathering against him on all
sides, and even his friends begin to feel their confidence in him
lessen."

Letters from Berlin say that the Empress of Russia is ex-
pected to arrive there by the 24th of this month. Her Majesty
will not stop long with her family this time, but on her return
from the baths of Baden, where she is going to spend two
months, she will pass at least a fortnight at Berlin.
The King and Queen of the Belgians received to-day at the
Tuileries the Foreign Ambassadors and the Great Officers of
State. The Prussian Ambassador, General Baron Farrel, and
M. Fabricius, were the only Members of the Diplomatic
Body who were not present.—Messager, June 26.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Accounts from Frankfort 'of the 16th state, that on the
previous day was celebrated the marriage of Baron Lionel
Rothschild, with Miss Charlotte Rothschild. The marriage
festival was held in the mansion of the Neapolitan Consul-
General, Baron Charles Rothschild, the father of the bride.
The splendour and wealth displayed on this occasion cannot
be described—the whole mansion was comparable only to a
fairy temple. The poor, too, shared largely in the generosity
of the Rothschild family, which has long been known. The
mother of the young bride was engaged nearly the whole day
in distributing charity to the numerous poor that flocked in from
the neighbouring districts, the amount of which must have
reached many thousand guilders. According to current report
the marriage presents to the young couple themselves must
have been of great pecuniary value.
Montreal Papers have been received to the 4th June. They
state that loyal addresses may be literally said to be pouring
from all quarters on Sir Francis Bond Head. Sir Francis, in
one of his answers, says, " It may afford you satisfaction to
learn, that I have this day to reply to seventeen addresses, of
a similar nature to your own."
The following we copy from a Baltimore Paper of the Ist
June, received this morning :
The New Orleans Bulletin of the 14th ult. says :—" The
follow ing is a copy of a letter direct from Houston's camp,
received yesterday morning by the steamer Levant, from
Nachetoehes

" SANTA ANNA to General PHILASOLA.
" Army of Operation, Coast Division, under my Command.
" Having yesterday had an unfortunate encounter, I have
resolved to remain a prisoner of war in the hands of the
enemy, after having taken every precaution. I therefore hope
that your Excellency will cause the division under the corn
mond of General Paiza to counter-march to Bexar, where he
will wait for orders. Your Excellency will also return to the
same place, and order General Viesca, with his division, to
Guadaloupe, Victoria. I have agreed on an armistice with
General Houston, ad interim, until we can agree on terms of
lasting peace. Your Excellency will take such measures as
may be necessary for the subsistence of the army, which will
remain under your command. The money that has arrived at
Matamoros, and the provision of that place, and those at Vit-
toria, will be subject to your orders ; also 20,000 dollars that
may be in the Treasury, are to be taken from Bexar. I trust
that your Excellency will, without fail, comply with those dis-
positions, advising me of the same by return of courier; as
also, if any should oppose its accomplishment. God and
Liberty !
" ANTONIO LOPEZ DE SANTA ANNA."

" Camp Jacinto, April 22."
The great majority by which the House of Lords have disap-
proved of the amendments of the House of Commons on the
Irish Municipal Corporation Bill, does not appear to have had
any effect on the Funds this morning.
Consols remain steady at 92k for the Account; and Re-
duced at 91*. Exchequer Bills, 11 13 ; India Bonds, 1 disc.
par ; Bank Stock, 209 k 210 ; India Stock for Account,
259 k 260.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active Bonds opened at
the leaving off quotations of yesterday, 42k ; Passive 12f 1 ;
Deferred, 198 ; Portuguese, 811 821 ; Three per Cents.,
53i 54; Colombian 30.1 Mexican, 34 35; Dutch Two-and-
-Half- per Cents., 56k 57*.

HALF-PAST ONE.
Neither the attack on tho King of France, nor the majority
in the House of Lords against Ministers have had any effect
on the Funds ; on the contrary, in the early part of the morn-
ing Consols were 921, at present may be quoted at 921
with very little doing ; Exchequer Bills, 11 13 ; India
Bonds, 1 premium ; Bank Stock, 2091 2101; India Stock,
for the Account, 2591 261.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Bonds were heavy, and have
receded from 4211 sto 421 ; Portuguese, 81 821; Three per
Cents., 531 54 ; Spanish Passive, 121 ; Deferred, 191
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 921

REFORM BlLL—After perusing and carefully con-
sidering the provisions of this Bill, we had no difficulty in arriv-
ing at the conclusion that its author, Lord Melbourne, was dis-
posed, doubtless from a good cause, to apply the smallest p?s-
sible reform to the acknowledged abuses of our great seminaries
of education.—Scots Times.
A pro re nata meeting of the Synod of Glasgow
and Ayr, called by the Moderator, the Rev. Mr. Henderson,
Carmunnock, in consequence of a requisition, numerously
subscribed, was held in the Tron Session Ijouse, on Wednes-
day last, for the purpose of considering the provisions of the
Scottish University Bill.
The following is an extract of a letter from Milan,
dated the 17th inst. :—" Death has been rather on the
quick at Venice, and still continues so ; insensibly the cho-
lera has crept on at Milan, though very few cases have ap-
peared ; it rages at Bergamo ; at Como, not much.".--French
Paper.
Some partial failures have taken place in the neigh-
bourhood of Inverness in the potatoe crop, but we are happy
to say that generally it is doing well. In Morayshire it has
better than an average appearance. In the south of Scotland,
the taint is committing sad ravages.
