THE QUEEN.

Yesterday the following Addresses were pre-
sented to her MAJESTY, from the Inhabitants of
the Parish of St. Luke :
TO TILE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
The loyal, dutiful, and affectionate Address of the Inhabitants
of the Parish of St. Luke, Middlesex.
MauAm—We, your Majesty's faithful, loyal, and afirc-.
tionale subjects, beg leave mostrespecttullv to approach your
Majesty, for the purpose of expressing our heartfelt congratu-
lations on your Majesty's accession to the Throne, a,• Queen •
Consort of these Realms, and your safe arri;al in -this
-Country.
We feel peculiar pleasure that your Majesty has recognised,
in the conduct of your subjects, a devoted attachment to itell`
Majesty's august person, combined with that gratitude which
your Majesty's increasing benevolence so loudly claims— of
which we Nave recently ,bad a pleasing display in an act of
Royal munificence conferred by your Majesty on a public in-
stitution in this pat ish.
gut, while indulging the pleasurable feelings and exultation
these circumstances are so well calculated to produce, what
must he out indignation _to behold your Majesty's enemies
league with disappointed and discarded servants, for purposes
reviAting to human nature, vaittly endeavouring to degrade
you from your Royal dignity—to assail your spotless reputa-
tion—toy invalidate your title as Queen of these Realms—
and
to destroy, with a moral stab, that which is far more
dear and valuable to your Majesty than life—your Majesty's
honour ?
In the same manner we view the erasure of your Majesty's
name front the Liturgy of the Church of England as an act
pot only hostile to the laws, and derogatory front the dignity
of the Crown, but as an effort of the basest malevolence against
our rightful and belOved Queen ; and we consider the des-
picable attempt to deprive your M4jesty, of your sac tTil pre-
rogatives and sour unalienable rights aml privileges utter-
ly subversive of justice, and contrary to the principles of the
Constitution.
In'the proceedings against your Majesty by a Bill of Pains
and Penalties we behold a
.mtv.t dangerous violation of the
British Constitution; the refusing you a list of witnesses -
withholding a specification of times and places when and
where the allegations arc said to have existed—joined to the
available influence of the Crown over Peers and pf,,c,,,,mn,
and a limitation of your defence, by restricting gout Counsel
to the aibitrary controut oh your Judges and Accusers, we
consider neither English Law nor British .Justice; lint de-
nounce it an anomalous procedure, of which no precedent,
can be cited.
Permit us to offer lo• your Majesty our sincere :end
nn-
feigned tribute of condolenee on the remit. bereavements
your Majesty has sustained in the loss of .your dearrat rcla-
tire.s and protectors.. We thought yonr cup of bitterness suf-
ficiently full to prevent Slander's sullying breath from as-
sailing your spotless virtue, and 'Namur. with her thousand
tongues, conspiring against your injured innocence. I‘,itl-
luding to the loss of your amiable and moth-loved daughter,
we„ iu common with the nation at large. eXPeirielke the
deepest regret : the recollection of that sodden dislh'ilsation
of Prosideace Can never be effaced from oirr rola& : the sabot
aspect assumed by our Mail/11.1M that mournful oecaiiion dis-
played the appearance .of that night of Egyptan darhneSs,
.• when there was not a home where there was not one
dead,” and when-hts -late must sacred Majesty was called

a glorious and triumphant vietoi y over ail youl• enemies.
That your Majesty may lung reign over an affectionate and
loyal people,a blessing to-these kingdOms—that the remainder
of your days maybe as . happy as the preceding .po(tion has
-been unfort titiate7,attd that your name may be for ever en-
graven on t!;e hearts of all subjects, are the sincere •
wishes awl fereent Piavers of yonr .Majesty's •undersigned
most dutiful and most devoted. subjects.
The following is her MAJEstx's most gracious
Answer •i—.• • . • , •
teturst my nnfeigned•thanlis to the Inhabitants cit the Pa-
rish of St. laihei in the county of ittiddksex,.tor this loyal and
affectionate Address. •
I, have- but little, power of benefiting the generousind en-
lightened people of these realms; but the little that 1 have
shall ever be exercised to the'best of my judgment in support
of the most salutary institutions. It is intellectual. culture
.that adds most dignity to man ; and whi;-.11, while it abstracts
him froin.the grOssness of vice, renders hint more capable of
liberty. 1 shall ever feel it a duty to give every possible
en-
cottragc to those beneficent :establishments in which the
• young learn the elements of the'prin-
‘eiples of virtue.
The evidence, of which my enemies have availed thcmsefres
to eliminate my character, reflects more disgrace upon them
than upon use. The turpitude or perjured- testimony is ig-
nominious to the accuser, rather than to the accused. • -
I would willingly resign all my rights and privileges, for the
benefit of the people, or for the interests of liberty ; but ought
I, with patient 'acquieseence,lo suffer them to be talien'from
.me only in order that illy adversaries may the more easily in-
fringe the rights of the nation, and promote the purposes of
tyranny ? I feel no higher ambition- than that of promoting
the public good; and the nation have had several convincing
proofs that a sordid avaricu is not among the imperfections of
my character.
The constitutional liberties of the people have, within a
few years, experienced numerous restraints, but those re-
straints have still left us such a portion of the Liberty.of the
Press as has nut only most successfully defended me against
my enemies, but has excited such a spirit in the nation as ap-
pears to augur the most favourable consequences to the pub-

lie weal.
The Liberty of the Press is that vital flame that has ,
pre-
served the Constitution in the worst times, and under the dn-
mination of the most worthless faction, Political liberty has
little to fear while the press is free; but it the free agency -of
the mind, through the medium of the press, should ever he
destroyed; the people have nothing left but to bow the neek,
and to bend the knee, at.the shrine of arbitrary power. -,,

The following is a copy of the Address to, her
MAJESTY from the. Female Inhabitants of St.
Luke's

TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
The {oval, (pitiful, and affectinnate Address-ofthe Female
• Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of

Middlesex.
MADAM—WC, your Majesty's loyal, dutiful, and affectionate
Female Subjects, beg leave most respectfully to approach
your Majesty,•with our most sincere congrattdation.s. on your.
Majesty's succession to the Throne, and sate arrival on these
our once happy shores,
We have never ceased to regret your absence, and have long '
fondly looked forward to the happy period when, in the worse
of events, your-Majesty would occupy the exalted and right-
BB station of Quern of the British nation. _
.With feelings of the steepest sympatlty,whichnre implanted ,
in Our sex, we deplitre those nisei-Wattle and painful events
with •which it bath pleased Divine Providence to afilia your
Majesty. alany of us have lost aged and affectionate parents ;
omny of us have been called to-follow to the grave children in •
whom all our hopes of happiness in this life have centred.
These circumstances enable ns, as mothers and daughters, to
estimate your Majesty's sulftriogs in the irreparable loss of
our late beloved Sovereign, your Majesty's father and. Ines
thimble friend, whose fostering cat e was ever conspicuous in
your behalf. But, above all,. `we beg most 'ninthly and dc-:
voatly 10 sympathize with -your Majesty on the irretrievable
loss your Majesty has, in common with the whole nation,
sustained in the. death of your invaluable daughter; our
British Princess--England's hope, and best expectation.
When that cloud of darkness dismayed our land, every pa-
rental bosom heaved ri sigh, deeply commiserated Our Ma-
jesty's affliction, and felt that " you could not be:comforted."
Int his consummation of afiliction we had thought the rage
of your Majesty enemies would have been satiated ; hut not
so to leehold a female, and that female a Queen, at once
bereft of her dearest hope, an only child—fatherless, mother-
lessond in a state worse than Eastern widowhood—was to
their inexorable and depraved minds' not sufficient—they were
determined to ffect more.
In the renewed attempt to impugn yotir Majesty's charac-
ter We In hold every action ttrat malice cat, invent, and disap,
pointed rage send forth, to accomplish the sacrifice of its in-
noceat victim.
But we trust,- Madam, that that alt-wise God, " without
whose permission not a sparrow falleth to the ground," will
so avert the vile intentions of your -enefue,, that your Ma-
jesty's character may, like gold tried in the furnace, shine
the more resplendent.
We behold in your Majesty's behaviour, under such unex-
ampled trials, a magnanimity of conduct and exalted fortitude
which nothing but conscious innocence cast inspire:
Your Majesty has demanded a fair constitutional
which the taw affords the lowest subject in the Realm; but
this prerogative has been refused the highest, and in that in-
conginous proceeding instituted against your Majesty, we'be-
hold with sorrow a sacrifice of our most ancient rights and dear
bought ivileges: hut your Jajesty possesses in the hearts of
your affectionate Female Subjects a regard which no verdict,
front such a tribunal, can ever eradicate. •
We look forward, with delightful expectation, to the periol
whets justice will be rendered to your Majesty, and when we
shall see you placed in that elevated station, which the good,
the virtuous, and the wise, have long wished to sec yon eiljoy.
' We offer up our fervent ejacatations for the speedy arrival
of the time, when, after such an unexampled and, dreary
storm of .trouble, your Majesty may enjoy a hAVen of rest,. in
the hearts of your admiring suhjeets: and when it shall please
God to call you from .au earthly crown, may. you receive a
diadem of glory at the right hand of God, " where the wicked
erase from troubling and the•weary•are•at rest,". •
The following is her _MAJESTY'S Answer to
the Female Address:—
The Female Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Luke, in the
Comity of Middlesex, are requested to accept my cordial ac-
Ismtwledgments for this affectionate tribute of loyalty and at-
tachment.
Those females who have beets mothers, and can estimate
the force of maternal affections, can best appreciate thepangs
which I felt 'Mien my only child watt forcibly- torts from me
embrace, and rendered an alien from toy society, what.
'umber could calmly acquiesce in such privations, or patiently
endstre such 'roods?
The highest eminence in the ascent of social life is often
the regisni of torpor and selfishness, where the affections are
benumbed, and a sort of ilag;ish apathy is incrusted round the
heart, But I may sitsiesil not only to tiiunctutrs :lets, but to
rhe'generat tissue of my life, for the raid that the Universal
Father has mingled in mx temperament no ordinary nor tints
91 she benevolent sympathies. I have never suffered the high
station which occupied to Chill my ardour, nr to paralyse
my Will in the practice of henevOlence : that practice •has
cheeied.the glastan of my solitude, and relieved the listless-
ness., of my worse than winowc,s 'tours.
I claim mi• awrir for acts of kindness whiela• inclination
.prompted nit It, perform, and in the petlarmance of which I
found the,pare-t,delight and the sweetest satisfaction. But.
if toy natural temperament were rnore.than usually sensitise
and affectionate. the amiable females who hate subscribed
this aoldress will cirvly understand that the cruelties winch I
Iraee ~.xl„,itticed most have been felt with double poignatier.
My netreest -and dearest 'relatives have vanished in •the

When the hierarchy .combined with my adversaries in omit-
tin my name in the prayers of the tbireb. they little thought
that that omission wymtd long reflect a stairs of disgrace.upon
those ,ho thus made themselves instruniental in , sacrificing-
the charitalileness of the establishment. to motives of secular
interests or pertonat malevelence.
Nothing.crfuld furnish a pions cr reasonable pretext-for
the_exclusion of my name from rhe'uational.Liturgy ; whether
I was a sinner or a saint, it was not fit that the name of the.
Queen should be expelled from 't hit service whicljoughtto he.
the comtuunion of charity ant! the bona of peace. The act it- -
self was it strong indiviitin of nit Christian feeling iu those
individuals by wifoSe_tualevtiienice It yeas instigated, and its,
obediener vs-whose will it-411s aeeomplished.
No public event ever es.cited a more -general sentiment of
indignation than this IItU of Pains'andr Penalties; 'tite pro-
mulgation of it has sounded the tocsin of alarm in every earn
He who is an enemy to slavery cannot he a friend do this hill.
lie who loves liberty must detest such an unconstitutional'
mode of depriving the highest subject in the realm of her
rightS and iminuttities:
Though my adversaries omitted no means, and neglected no'
opportunity, of crippling nitt as much us possible in my rurauti.
'of defence, yet integrity is fo strong, that truth and nothing
but truth, has already, in a great degree, defeated the machi-
nations of my enemies. It is said liars ought to have load
memories. The witnesses produced -against me had a lon'.
memories and short memories, ;mil memories df all „extents.
and dimensions, as seems best suited to the views of my aJ
versaries; but, uotwithstanding the accommodating potency
of their memories which could contract into.ri nutshell, Or•
dilate into a' betnispbere, they are fonnd to hate rendered no
further service to toy enemies than to prove that there is no

solidity jn f;tlsellood,alitl !instability itttreachery; that there
can be no consistency without I rut h..and no seculity withui4

uprightness.
• Her MAJrsty:likewise returned most gracioust_
Answers to the Addresses of Paddington, 1.3:rz...
mingham, and Covet N-y.
WedneSday a Deputation waited on her,Ala..
jesty at BrUndeinhitegh Hintse; to nae arrange-
ments for'the presentinE; of the Watermen and

Lightermen's Address 'oct Tuesday next: Sev-eral
stairs are now erecting on the river side, at-the
bottom' of the lawn, to facilitate •the latiding
the aquatic procession. The Committee, consisting
Of merchants and owners of vessels, will kouli the
river in one Of the City Barge's. On Monday' the.
Shipwrights arid Dock-yardmen in. the inettopolis
and its-viattity will go in procession to 13ramicit-
hurgh-flous, for the-purpose of presentiwg 'their
Address to her Majesty. This procession be
extremely numerous, .and will precede the line
'of carriages containing the Ladies a'n'tt Gentle-.
men Who are to go up with •the'Address of the-
Male and Feth'ale Inhabitants of the,?.det.opolis„
voted on Tuesday at. the Freemasons' Tavern.- "

Ars)ttEs,+' TO:TH U E QEP,N HF:J TE ECI).
A ReqUisition, signed by 3I Inliabitantpouse-

. _
holders of•the 'Parish of St. Paul, ShadW;6ll, wr
a.few.days ago Presented to Mr. Ft.cTotiEit,-the
Churchwarden, i'ettueSting hiM- Or. his Colleague
to convene :a Meeting as early .as''pOssible,.,:to
take into copsi4ration the propriety of prei,ent-
ing an Address to her Majesty' the CNeert. The
Churchwardens returned for answer, that: coifs:
sidering it to be their official clut.y to comply with
every • Requisition of the Yestrymen, :they; had
appointed a Meeting to take place on 'Tuesday
las; at the British Union SchOol (the • Church
being.under repair) ;' but they' wishod 'it to tte
distinctly Understood, by
,the carfshionerF, that,
as individuals- they did not concnr in the 'i.o-
priety of.the measure, and they earnestly 'entreat-
ed the attendance of every Vestryman, :hat what.-
ever,might be resolved to be done on this eccasitin
should be respectably. sanctioned., and fully'e?z'-
pressive of the detairtbpinion of a majority of die
Vestry.
.Accordingly, on. Tuesday 'Morning;
Meeting of persons assembled at the School-room ;
Mr. Fletcher took the Chair; thdllevisition was
formally read,
.and Mr. Biddulph, a clothes-
Salesman,- rose to move an Address" to 'die
Queen; when the Cllair_ma.n interfered, and
asked him, if he was a Vestryman Mr. Biddulph
replied that he was a householder, but not a'
Member of the Vestry. The.chairman then said,
that that was a Meeting of Vestrymen, and none
bitt a member of that body could be permitted to
speak or move Resolutions ; he added, that therft
was great. indecortmi and ninch impropriety in
addreming the Queen in the present stage of.her
prosecution; they oaght to wait she N?as
either condemned. or aequitttd. lf she was found
to. be innocent: of--'the heaVy. charges, alleged

against her, then' they could, without any viola-
tion of decency, address ; but, if it should:
prove otherwise, no hoiresi\ roan•could say she was
worthy of that:reFpect,---Great uproar ensued,
and there were loud cries for Mr:Bicklulph to
proceed, but the opposition was. so great- as to
render this impossible. Various per:sons got up
to address the rvieeting', but Could not obtain a
hearing.. At length the Chairman succeeded In
obtaining . a partial silence, and -he took the op-
portunity- of ,recommendhig' the Meeting to pht
it to the vote whether i%ir. 13. should be allowed
to proceed with the Addrel,s or not. The propo-
s.ition seemed to meet with general approbation,
and wn.S accordingly, put fi um' the Chair ; but the
chew of lAnds seemed so equal that they wero
compelled to come to a division, when there
were— .
nl.

. _ .
Against the Address ~
For it
So.that it was lost by,a majority of one, and the
Churchwarden then dissolved the Meeting.

POPERY AND PROTESTANTISM.

(Continued from THE SUN of Tuesday last.)

It may be objected against the preceding
Argunient, and is frevently maintained, that
although the lower orders are led blindfold by

Popish superstition, yet Statesmen are not its
dupes, and therefore it is to be considered as a
mere creature of the State, and subservient
to • the views of policy. In answer to this
Temark, let it be considered, first, that although
Statesmen are often 'contemners of the religion

.of their Cotlintry, !t'Jet they are not always so :
sectindiy, su,ppose theit to be of this turn, yet,
Jn;Topist countries„ the Princes are generally
supexstitions, and Wili, therefore, often sway the
Councils of. the btate, where they have spirit
and action. Thirdly, they are altogether unac-
.quanted with politics who know not that the
religion of every country will • always •sttii(e its
ruling COIOUN deep into the politics of the Coun-
try, in spite of all the St.b.teiMefi in the world.
And, lastly, that even where superstition is made
the dupe- of ambition, and schemes of policy,
even THERE it is the most powerful of all en.
gines in working up the body of the people to
carry,into effectual execution those very schemes
which perhaps_ were planned by Atheism. The
objection thereof is futile, and founded in a total
ignorance of true politics and human nature.

To convince the. PROTESTANT WORLD how
much reason there is at present for a general
wateltfidness and union in this respect, let us con-
firm what\hath been said on the different genius
of the two Religions, by a short review of the
-present state of Great Britain and Ireland, Ame-
rica, and Europe.
With regard to'this Country, the principles of
Protestantism'haVe lost their influence; insomuch
that it is no injustice to say that the main seen
-
ray of the Church ariseth from its alliance with
the State. There is now among the Great such
a general indifference and supineness in, not to
say contempt of, every thing that regards Religion
ONLY, as may well alarth those few, who, firmly
attached to the Civil and Religious Liberties'of
the people, look forward with anxiety to poste-
rity.- How different a state of religion is this,
froth that which prevailed in the reign of Queen
Elizabeth ? When, as it was justly observed
by a celebrated writer, " the Reformation was
established, not only in outward form, but in the
hearts of men." How different from that which
prevailed at the memorable period of the abdica-
tion of King James the Seem)) ? When PROVES-
.rat,er PRINCIPLES took the lead, even of the spi-
rit of CIVIL Liberty, and effected the most
GLORIOUS REVOLUTION that history hath yet
recorded; a revolution, which might justly be
styled religious, rather than political. That
great. Religious Spirit, which at these illustrious
periods shone so bright, is now quenched in dark-
ness, and the world will soon behold the conse-
quences, and its dire effect on the happiness and
liberties of Mankind, unless the principles of
that great epoch are supported by THE PEOPLE,
as it is well known they will be upheld and
Maintained by THE CROWN ; for what reliance can
iWw be placed on the descendants of the Ayto-
crat Nobility, who are the advocates of Popery,
and, of the admission of Papists to the Legis-
lature and to the Higher Offices of the State ?,
Though many of them are allied .to those illus..-
trims Individuals, who were instrumental in re-
lieving the Country from the bigotry and tyran-
ny of the system which prevailed before the Re-
volution of 1688.

On the other hand, the zeal of Popery in the
United Kingdom is active, persevering, and in-
defatigable. Its very state of separation tends
naturally to this effect. The reasons before
given, arising from its particular genius, maintain
its influence, The Priests are assiduous from
principle in making proselytes, and in urging
their congregations to make them. i llurements
of all sorts are held out to the lower orders to
embrace the tenets of the Popish Church. Semi-
naries in all quarters are founded, with large en-
dowments, for the education of the children of
both sexes in all conditions of life,—and neither
money nor pains are spared. to propagate their
doctrines, and to ,extend their influence over the
people, especially in the manufacturing districts.
The Papists applaud our forbearance and-supine-
ness, but secretly laugh at our folly and •indis-
cretion. This blind neglect of the Protestants
doth not arise from their generosity, but from
their contempt of religion and the public wel-
fare. By their apathy, they are treasuring up
a hidden and dreadful mine, which, on the first
occasion given, will blow up the Constitution,
both in Church and State.

These remarks do not proceed from any per-
sonal pique to persons professing the Popish
Faith : the contrary, it must be unequivocally
admitted, that many -of them are truly amiable
and respectable in private life. Neither are They
to be denied the merit:of their intentions in reli-
gious matters; for there is no doubt but good
tentions may exist in every religious sect. It is,
therefore, to be hoped that the Papists will put
the same charitable construction on the inten-
tion and motive of these obserVations, though
they lay open and explain the genius and ten-
dencies of their system of belief. They are
not meant to revive the Laws Which. have been
. repealed, .or to restrict the Papist in the free and
uncontrouled exercise and use of his own form
of Religious Worship—they are only intended to.
explain truly the RULING principles of the Popish
Church, and to point out the.dangers which now
threaten the Protestant Community.
The state. of Popery and Protestantism in
America is no loss discouraging to the true Pro-
testant--the different genius of the two systems
operates with the same universality and power.
The Papists are zealous, watchful, and assiduous :
the Protestants are cold, indifferent, and heglect-
fill. In British North America—the picture is
more alarming—for in the King's Provinces,
which may be strictly called Protestant—the
See of Rome has, with the concurrence of the
English Government, been allowed to nominate

and appoint POKSH Bishops within the last two
y ears.

On the Continent of Europe the prospect pre-
sented at the present moment to the Protestant
view, is far from encouraging or gratifying, and
tends to prove strongly the general truths here
advanced. Thus the active and zealous Popish
principle is every where working its way, aided
as it is by the re-establishment of one of the most
powerful orders of that Church which ever ex-
isted or disturbed the peace and happiness of the
world :—while the coldness of Protestantism
leaves the issue of things to the calm and ineffec-
tual deliberation of civil policy ; forgetting that
passion is the soul of action, and the great spur
that hath ever urged mankind to all that is good
or wicked.

If the different genius of these two systems is
considered, this difference of conduct is not sur-
prising, and to shew that it is not the result
front chance, but from established causes—it is
only necessary to refer, to former ages, wherein
will be seen the same spirit working in each.
BOLINGBROKE'S description of the state of Eu-
rope, in the days of King JAMES the First, bears
so strong a resemblance to the present times,
in respect to the genius of the two religions, that
it is deserving of the attention of the Protestants,
as it Nvill shew the perfect uniformity of princi-
ples, working the same effects in the most dis-
tant periods of time.
But though no human eye can pierce the im-
penetrable veil of fate, yet we have reason to
hope from what is past—not only from the miseries
which we escaped at the Revolution of 1688—
but front the blessings we have enjoyed since the
PR ESENT ROYAL FAMILY were established in
this country —that the machinations of Mo-
dern Times, and the selfish and interested views
of the speculative politicians of the present day
—will, by the interposition of Providence, be
averted—and that the August Personage who
now is seated on the Throne of this Empire will
not be sacrificed to bigot power; but will be per-
mitted to adhere to the glorious principles of his
Ancestors—which there is every reason to be-
lieve he is disposed, as well front duty as
.from
inclination, to maintain
To conclude—from these observations it ap-
pears, that the genius of Popery is active, in-
sinuating, furious, unalterable, permanent :—the
genius of Protestantism, calm, rational, indolent,
fluctuating, perishable : that, therefore, the Pro-
testant community ought, especially in times like
these, to be most WATCHFUL in the preservation
of this invaluable blessing ; and ACTIVE in the
support of THOSE ENLIGHTENED MEN who are
the great and true supports of Protestantism and
genuine freedom !

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PORT( ;(4:1 L.

The following are Extracts from The Diario
Nacional, the Official Journal of the Provisional
Government :

(From 44 The Diario Nacional," No. 7.)

It has been reported in this city, that some of
the English Officers resident in it hive expressed

their disapprobation of the noble resolution which
has been adopted for saving our country, and of
the means employed for that purpose. It is dif-
ficult for us to believe that men of honour and
prudence, who cannot be ignorant of the delicate
situation of affairs, would abuse the generous

treatment they have received from the Portu-
guese, even to the violation of the sacred rights
of hospitality. But it is to be hoped that the
wise and vigilant Government which directs our
affairs will not fail to pay attention to this im-
portant subject ; and that, if the rumour should
prove true, those energetic measures which the
case requires will be resorted to.
(,From " The Diario Nacional," N 0.8.)

Official Dispatch transmitted to the Supreme Government by
Camp-Marshal Antonio de'Lacerda Pinto da Silveira, from
his Head-quarters at Viila•Real.

" Ills Excellency the Conde de Amarante,
Military Governor of this province, has con-
voked a Military Council, in which it was una-
nimously decided to recognize and proclaim the
Provisional Junta of the Government of Oporto,
with all due solemnity, to-morrow, the 7th, at
9 o'clock. By order of the Council and his Ex-
cellency I transmit this information to you, as
Military Commandant of the district, in order
that you may, without delay, make known in
your city the decision of his Excellency and all
the troops of this garrison. All-the orders for
the national and Royal service, which his Excel-
lency may wish to be executed, must be trans-
mitted to this place. God preserve your Excel-
lency.

" ANTONIO SALINAS DE BENEVIDES,
" Colonel f the 6th Regiment of Cavalry
" Chaves, in Council, Sept. fi."
" To the J llustrious Setior.luao AntonioTeixe;ra de S. Palo '

" Pedro Pacheas Pereira has offered to the
Supreme Government 15 horses for remounting
the police cavalry. This offer, which will pro-
bably serve to induce many other persons to imi-
tate this worthy patriot, has been accepted."
These Papers contain a number of Official Do-
cuments.

Colonel Manuel Pinto da Silveira gives, in two
letters, an account of his arrival at Coimbra, and
of the taking of the oaths to the new Govern-
ment, by the troops and the inhabitants, on the
31st of. August. All the persons of distinction
belotiging to the town were present except the.
Bishop, who was absent from indisposition, but
was represented by-his Secretary. At night the
town was illuminated. _

On the 4th instant the -troops at Villa-Real,
and the inhabitants of that place, declared for ,a
Junta and a Constitutional Government. On
the 3d a squadron of the 10th reginkent,of caval-
ry, under the command of Capt. Bernardino Mas-
carenhas da Rosa, had declared for the national
cause, and was to join the troops at Oporto next
day., This squadron was expeeted'to be followed
by other corps.
Colonel Alexandre Alberto de Serpa writes
from Villa-Real, under the date of September 6,
that the national troops there had been joined by
two squadrons of the 6th cavalry, commanded by

We received this day the Paris Papers of
Tuesday last. There is still no account of the
accouchement of the Duchess de BERRI.-The
following are extracts :

" PARIS, SEPT. e6.—Yesterday the King received a number
of persons of distinction. Amongst theM was Lieutenant-
General the Marquess de Jurnilhac, Commandant of the Ugh
Military Division, to whom his Majesty testified his satisfac-
tion at the excellent spirit of the troops of his division. The
King, in the afternoon, transacted business with the Duke dc
Richelieu.

" The Duchess de Berri paid her respects to the King on
Sunday, and yesterday her Royal Highness received a visit
from the Duchess Dowager of Orleans.
" We learn by our Pat is Correspondence, that M. Scanlan.'
Pisola, an Italian Courier of the Queen of England, had pass-
ed through that town on his way from London to Paris.
" Two other English o.o..riets, charged with dispatches for
our Government, and a Cabinet Courier, with dispatches for
the Minister 'of -ioreign Affairs, have also disembarked at
Calais to proceed to the Capital. M. Petrowsky, a Russian
Officer with dispatches, arrived from Russia at that port, and•
embarked for England ; and also two Couriers with dis-
patches, one from Vienna, and the other from Bayonne.
" After three days discussion, the first Article of the pro-
jet for the abolition of Majurates was agreed to in the
Cortes at Madrid on the 14th instant.

FIVE PER CENTS.

Monday

. 74 f. 45 c.

DEFERRED STOCK.

Of the 22d Sept., 1520 9O f. 15c.

." MADRID, Sirr. 14.—Tuesday the 12th, a Courier extra-
ordinary arrived from Andalusia, with intelligence, that on
the 611) and 7th there was a. movement at Seville, nearly
similar to that which we had here the beginning of the month;
the Captain-General o'Donoju ordered all the patriotic so-
cieties of that city to be shut up. We have not yet any fur-
ther details. •

smut evening half the troops' of the Garrison were
under arms all night, and the other half were ordered to.be
ready at the first signal.
" LEGHORN, SEPT. 17.—A report is prevalent, that the
City of Palermo, on the concession of some privileges, had re-
nounced the idea of independence. This news wants con-
firmation.

[:ln Article from Polhill°, of the 26th of August, mrntions
the same Report, but without saying whether it was'founded
upon any authority.]
" VI IiNNA, Seer. 15.—The Dulie,of Wellington is said to
be expected at the Canip at Pest.

" Our Court is said to have made communications of great
importance to the Governments olßavaria and ‘Vurtemberg.
There is a talk also of a note of the Russian Ministry, ad-
dressed to the King of Saxony, relative to the affairs of
Spain."

We hardly need say that it, is our anxious wish
to see the present struggles in Spain, Portugal,
and Naples terminate in the happiness of the People,
whatever form of Government may ultimately be
adopted. Spain seems to be rapidly advancing
towards a Republic, or an Oligarchy, which, in
effect, is the same thing. It is evident, by the
treatment which FUEGO has experienced (by the
way TKE SUN first annonnced the, fact), that the
KING has little power, for, though favourable to
that General, he was obliged to sign ati order for
his banishment. Yet the Cortes profess the
highest sentiments of respect and duty towards

the Monarch. The same sentiments are avowed
by the insurrectionary Government of Oporto,
Who are on their march to intimidate or destroy
the Regency at Lisbon. The Oporto Reformers
want to constitute their own Cortes, and oppose
the Regency, who want to do the same. But
there is this difference in their respective princi-

pies of action : the Lisbon G overnment has the
KING's authority to convene the Cortes, by his par-
ticular instructions, in urgent cases. But it is con.

bl
tended that on the 29th of August they -
d"
Glared " no one had the power to conveld
Cortes. but the lit.x,;," and yet that on the
September they declared that they had rece t,
from him particular instructions to conillie ,
Cortes in urgent cases. We 'see no inconsisteo
in these two Declarations. Essentially the P°
resided in the KING, and the REGENCY 1/45tt
conceived to act in his MAJESTY'S name, n-
n
1,
exercise of their delegated' power.-0° ye
ing occasions and alarming emergencies, the,
fore, they must be considered as invested ifi
g
discretional authority? even w,ithout the for—ya 4
of particdlar instructions. But it is natural tors
dude, and it would be folly to suppose othersco
that when theKING was obliged to leave the Oct
it
seat of Government, he either left instrucll;
for the Regency how to act on importne e;
gencies before his departure, or has since trsl;
mitted them.—Perhaps it would have been *tel
in the Regency at first to have stated that t;
were in possession of such instructions? and !Ir.
the, People might have been more reconcile et
the measures which the delegated Goveloo,
should deem it expedient to adopt. We haveP,
ticed this point more particularly because
Morning Chronicle has said, that c 4 a COnf°;
tion of the Cortes (by the Regency) would 114,4
barefaced mockery, and only tend to make thls'4
worse." Upon the same principle it might °#;
that a Reform in Parliament of such defect 3
hitt(
may require abolition, should not be made
Legislature, but by the Radicals out of cl°,r
a measure that would soon destroy the C 4
stitution root and branch. But why should 1)01
the delegated Government at Lisbon cesSe
as good a Cortes as the Reformers of OrrI?
The former must possess more political 01/so‘t
ence than their opponents, and cannot be °I
ignorant of the state of the country and the ere'
pectations of the people, or more desirous Of Po
rooting their happiness. We anxiously hope
all will be well in the end, not only with SPII
but in other disturbed countries. Let, hir'vei,;
the several Governments, who are not yet affi'c
by revolutionary storms, reflect in time 09
present state of those countries, and on the inlin.°o,
0)
ment of all people in political knowledge
tfit
popular rights. They will then, feel that
tlOl
PEOPLE were not made for PRINCES, but
Princes were raised above the People Or
safety and happiness of the State.

DOVER, SEPT. 28.—N0 less than three
patches have been received here to-day friooP
town; on the arrival of the last, a vessel
instantly dispatched to Boulogne, to bring 'ls 0
the Countess of OLDI and suite, and sisteei,
other Witnesses, on the part of HER Aiiosl;le
They may be expected here to-morrow. Vey
vessels have arrived here to-day, and jo
night, with passengers ; Lord ELLENTronot.a;
and other Persons of Distinction, arrived ill there
and others are hourly expected, who are t°
turn by the 3d of October.

ELECTION OF LORD MAYOR.—This fOrnel7l
the LORD AlAvon. proceeded in State frail'
Mansion-liouse to Guildhall, where, after
tending Divine Service at the Church of St• t
recce, the Officer of the Court read his Lordsl'lio'
precept for the Election of a Lord Wait. ens
the year ensuing, when the following Gentlealif
having served the office of Sheriff, were sere
put in nomination :

SIR M. BLOXAM, Alderina n and oner
CHRISTOPHER MAGNAY, Alderman and. Stationef.
HEYGATE, Alderman and Merchant TaYl"'

R. A. COX, Alderman and Goldsmith.
JOHN THOMAS THORPE, AkLerman and DOPer'
R. RoTHWELL, Alderman and Fislimongtr.
A very few hands were held up for anY '9l*fi r
Aldermen, except TuottP ; for him the
peared nearly unanimous. The Commos jell
JEANT then stated, that a paper had been
to him, signed " C. Pearson and W. WaYiii*
proposing MATTHEW WOOD, Alderman an" la,
monger, to be Lord Mayor for the year ens% to
The whole of the hands in the Hall aPPe3re of
be held up on -the mentioning of the li.aZr'ell
Alderman Wool). The Sheriff's then &Tlc:
the choice of the Livery to have fallen 00 'ills
THOMAS THORPE and MATTHEW Wool'' rf
Court then retired to the Council-04%c1«,
.and having returned exactly at two o'C' ttio
the. COMMON SEaJEANT announced thatae%
choice of the Court of Aldermen had [pro'
011 JOHN THOMAS THORP, Alderman and
per, to be the Lord Mayor for the Searbeeo
suing. Mr. Alderman THORP havili4 ro
'd
invested with the Chain of Office, retu. Jo,
thanks for the honour conferred on him, decor.
lag he would use his utmost endeavours tot do
hold-and protect the Rights and Privileges ,0 j
to
City of London. The Court then proceoeof
other business, which was going 90 it 11e
Reporter left the. Hail.

ir JP:
NEW PEERAGE.--- Mr. Alderman v v
"Heavenly elevation" to the Peerage is 104
second instance upon record in which J c'not
granted a CORONET. Even this Barony
new creation, but only the revival of an
tent. MIDAS was the first Saran, and ili" 000
rand descends with the title. The anriellt nts4
is Detur Dignissimo, which the Alderillan
knows enough of Latin to consider as 44
compliment.

C

sent,
tinu,
tp
thou, ,

the

and ,
this ,

reiei
that
11141,
agait
a set

/11(1e
4‘ r.

tjv
114
Sti

°O
