ROYAL. NAVY, &c.

PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 25.—0 n Sunday last his Majesty's
ship Cambrian, Capt. Hamilton, arrived at the Alotherbank
from the Mediterranean. She left Algiers on the 18th. ult., at
which time the Revenge, Active, Glasgow, and Naiad, were
rigorously blockading the port. The Cambrian sailed from
Malta on the 28th May, and touched at Gibraltar'on.. the 6th
instant ; the Revenge, Euryalus, and Alacrity were at the
former place, when she left, and the Terror at the latter : the
Martin arrived at Gibraltar, with a controy, on the 6th•instant.
The Cambrian comes into harbour to be paid ofil
The Hyperion, 42, Captain G. F. Rich, arrived from Ja-
maica on Monday last. She left Port-Royal on the 15th May,
at which time the island was tolerably healthy. Thel.follow-
ing was the disposition of our naval forces on that- station at
the time the Ilperion sailed. The IsiS had sailed with
.a con-
voy, and the'flag of the Comniander.irn.Chief was IfYinp;, in
the interim, on board -the Serapis, convalescent ship: The
Ganges and Superb were cruising on the .Barbadoes•Station,
rather sickly. The Forte, Sir T. Cochrane- 'CaPtain, sail.
ed from Port-Royal for Vera Cruz,. on the 'l2th of :May; from
whence she proceeds direct to England with -a freight: The
I' '
Hussar was cruising on the 'Spanish -.Main the Lively at
•--
Antigua ; the Pyramus at Jamaica, andvexpeeted to -he or-
dered to return to_ England :almost immediately ; the Bellette
at Jamaica; the Bustard, on a• cruise- Carnation, hi the bay
of MeNico ; Helicon, at_ Jamaica ;carus, on the' Spanish.
co windward. The 'Rattle..
Main ; and the Ringdove, cruising.
;make and Primrose had not arrived from England ; the Suri-
nam is en her way home. The following officers tame home
in the Hyperion, as invalids and passengers :—Capt. Cochrane,
R.N. on half-pay, passenger from Alexia° ; Lieut. G. Gregory,
late of the Forte, promated; Capt: G. Phelan. Ind regiment ;
Lieutenants Cuppage, of the Isis, and G. Tindsley, of the
Bustard ; Capt. Ross, R.M., Isis, and-Mr. Ellis, surgeon, of
the Serapis, invalids.—This;}tip has sailed for Woolwich to
be paid off:
A very severe gale of wind from the S.W. was experienced
on Sunday last; the Jupiter, which ship
left this port on Fri-
day, the 18th instant, was obliged to put into Torbay. The
Basilisk cutter, Lieut. Hough, sprung her bowsprit the same
day, on her way from Chatham to this port, and has come into
harbour to replace it.

of
fValorous arrived from
On Thursday, his Majesty's ship
the Valorous touched at the Ha-
Vera Cruz and the Havannah, having on board an Ambas-
sador and suite, from the Government of. Mexico to the. Court
Cruz, Greaton the Britain,
lothwiAloprilem;barked on board that ship at Vera
vannah on the 16th ult. and sailed on the I9th ; the
.Thraciart
sailed from the latter port in company with the Valorous.—
The Mexican Ambassador landed and proceeded immediately
to London. The Valorous brought home a freight arneunting
to 800,000 dollars.
The Nimrod, Capt.Stopford is arrived from Leith..
• Ships at Spithead.—Cambrian, Infernal Valorous, Nimrod,
Hamoaze. .In, Harbour—Victory, Bulwark, Wellesley, Al.
bion, Royal George, Seringapatam, -Niemen, Champion,
Orestes, Herald, Britorna_ .rt, Jasper, Linnet, Scopioa, and
Basilisk.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Papers, June 26.

[MORNING HERALD.]
A coup &mil of the House of Peers, during the
time his Majesty was there, afforded no common
illustration of " the vanity of human wishes."—
The Speaker, and a very few :Members of the
Lower House heard his voice, the rest of the
Honourable Members squeezed and pressed to
the most inconvenient degree, were obliged to
find compensation in the Royal voice for all their
disappointments. The spectators, whether vota-
ries of curiosity, er the accomplished servants of
the Press, must have felt blessed beyond the or-
dinary lot, if they caught a momentary glance of
something like a crown ; as to obtaining a full view
of the Royal features and of his Majesty's whole
deportment, it was as impossible as seeing through
a brass wall. The Ladies were delightful
objects of contemplation, but all were there
-to see the King. The Ladies disappointed
many by their position, and they disappointed
themselves. The discontent and vexation at the
interposition of feathers between the eager eyes
of beauty and England's King might have sup-
plied matter of description to the novelist, of
chivalrous indignation to the soldier, and of self-
complaisant contempt to the philosopher. There
would be nothing incongruous or revolting in the
repetition of the sacred words " Vanity of vani-
ties, all is vanity," at the moment when the
crowded' room were feverishly intent upon what
not one in twenty was able to obtain. His Ma-
jesty certainly appeared in perfect self-posses-
sion, more pale than his sincerest well-wishers
could wish, but with every symptom of a firm
and lasting constitution. The Duke of Welling-
ton seemed the worse for wear, and the Marquis
of Hertford was too big for a pageant.

[NEW TIMES.]
A most numerous and highly respectable Meet-
ing was held yesterday at Freemasons' Hall, con-
sisting of the Members and Friends of the Anti-
Slavery Society. In the general principles of
Society every Englishman must agree. Its object
is not, as has been perversely asserted, the imme-
diate emancipatio❑ of all the unfortunate persons
who are held in slavery, but the adoption of
measures " for mitigating and gradually abolish-
ing the state of slavery throughout the British
dominions." To the pursuit of this object the
British Legislature and Government are solemnly
pledged : and the only doubt or difference
of opinion that can arise among persons of
sound and enlightened judgment is as to the pro-
priety of particular measures which may be sug-
gested for the attainment of the desired end. All
however must admit that the bondage in which
800,000 of our fellow-subjects are held, is in na-
ture and origin " repugnant to the spirit of
Christianity, contrary to the soundest maxims of
policy, and a violation of the principles of huma-
nity and justice." Christianity, it is true, re-
cognizes the existence of such a state as slavery,
and enjoins on slaves the duty of submission to
their masters ; but so lees it enjoin submission to
tyrants, and patience under persecution ; it bids
us present our cheek to the smiter, and answer
cursing with blessing—yet surely no one will say
that cursing and smiting, persecution and ty-
ranny, are not repugnant to the spirit of Chris-
tianity. That sound policy, humanity, and
justice, all concur in proscribing such a state as
slavery, is too obvious to require illustration. We
speak of it in the abstract, as we would of any
other defect in the constitution of society. Where
such defects exist it is often difficult to deal
with them, and perhaps impossible at once to re-
move them ; but let us at least know and feel
that they are defects. Let us not conceive, as
some of our Colonists seem to do, that there is
a moral fitness in treating a human being as a
chattel property. The business of the Meeting
of yesterday was not only to proclaim anew the
grounds of its general antipathy to Slavery, but
to express that strong feeling of indignation which
has been raised from one end of Britain to the
other by the persecution of the late Missionary
Smith. We observe with great pleasure that the
Meeting adverted to the sufferings of the unfor-
tunate Gentleman's widow, and offered her the
expression of their cordial sympathy.

{BRITISH PRESS.]
We are exceedingly glad to observe, that, in
the gracious Speech from the Throne yesterday,
his Majesty was advised to express his entire ap-
probation of the inquiries instituted into the na-
ture of the evils by which Ireland is disturbed,
and suggest the expediency of renewing those in-
quiries in another Session of Parliament. This
declaration cannot fail, we hope, to produce a
deep impression on the people of that country.
The royal solicitude for their welfare ought to
inspire them with the fullest confidence in the
disposition of the King's Government, to eradi-
cate, as far as it may be practicable, the evils
from which they suffer. By calm and dispas-
sionate investigation alone, can the condition of
that country he made accurately known to the
rest of the empire, and such remedies disco-
vered as may gradually raise the Irish population
to a level with their fellow-subjects in Great
Britain. We hail, therefore, with great satisfac-
tion, this intimation of the intention of his Ma.
jesty's Ministers to continue that " wide range of
inquiry," on which Lord Palmerston said the
Committee had entered. The next Session, we
anticipate, can hardly pass away without the in-
troduction of some measure calculated perma-
nently to tranquillize that long agitated and
distracted country. The attention of Govern-
ment is directed steadily to the subject ; and the
people of Ireland have had proofs enough in the,
enlightened and liberal Admini •of
Administration the
Marquis Wellesley, that they may rely upon the
spirit by which his Majesty's Councils is guided,
as to the questions • a •I-
connected with the welfare
of that portion of the Fro
•
ptre.

[MORNING cuIt°NICLE.I
By the arrival of his Majesty's frigate the Va-
lorous from Mexico, very "tisfactory information

has been received from that Republic. The
Mexican newspaper, The Sun, of the 21st of
April, has been received, and also private com-
munications of the same date. From Tampico,
which is only four days journey from the capital,
the Valorous sailed on the 6th of May. At that
time the most profound tranquillity existed
throughout the whole of the Union, and all the
changes and disturbances related by the New
York and Philadelphia Papers of the 27th ult.
turn out to have been only visions of four Ame-
rican passengers. Mr. Harvey, the British Com-
missioner, left the city of Mexico on an excursion
into the interior of about sixty miles, in the com-
pany of some British merchants, in the be-
ginning of April, and returned to the capital
on the 16th of that month. Gen. Bravo
had ')een placed at the head of the army, and
it was generally expected that he would also
succeed Senor Michilena in the Presidency of the
Executive Government. The election of a Dic-
tator thus turns out to have been a pure inven-
tion, far not the slightest change had taken place
in the Constitution previous to the 22d of April.
The cluracter of the Ex-Emperor, Iturbide, was
fully aipreciated by his countrymen, for they
knew it well by experience. His removal from
Italy to England was generally suspected to be
connected with his intention to return to Mexico,
and the Government even appeared either to have
anticipated, or to have been perfectly acquainted
with the conduct which he has subsequently pur-
sued. The advices received this day make a jest
of his chance of ever causing disorder in the Em-
pire, and the best informed do not hesitate to in-
sert that his execution will be the almost imme-
diate result of his expedition, should he appear
in the country as the declared opponent of the
Republican Government.

[MORNING POST.]
The Message of Santander to the Congress of
Colombia, which we inserted yesterday, contains
statements quite sufficient, if corroborated by the
testimony of the British Commissioners now in
that country, to warrant the recognition of its in-
dependence, not only by England but by the
other Powers of Europe. It is said, in the first
place, that in the vast extent of its territory
single relic of the Spanish Army is not to be
found I It is also declared, that even the hordes
of banditti, which never fail to spring up in un-
settled times, and are the last embers of civil
strife to die out or be extinguished, have in Co-
lombia been effectually trodden down. With these
facts we are to couple the only other circumstance
of real importance in estimating the attributes of
permanency in a new Government—namely,
the degree of steadiness, to which its funda-
mental institutions have attained. In Colombia
we see all those fundamental institutions firmly
established. The bases of the Constitution ap-
pear not only fixed in themselves, but recognized
as such by the people at large, and the only thing
that remains is for a Legislature in accordance
with public sentiment, and in possession of public
confidence, to originate and perfect such reforms
as may seem wise and beneficial. All the altera-
tions suggested in the message of the Vice-Pre-
sident are of this description. They shew at
once a zeal for the solid improvement of the
State, and imply the leisure from warlike opera-
tions, which a young Government enjoy after its
independence has been won, and the arms
of the soldier may be safely converted
into the implements of civil, peaceful life.
It is likewise a proof of the internal se-
curity of Colombia, that instead of merely acting i
on the defensive at home, and occupying itself
with the preservation of domestic tranquillity,
or the suppressio❑ of hostile ebulitions, it is
strong and confident enough to act offensively,
and absolutely carry war Into' the only fastnesses
of Spanish authority now existing in South Ame-
rica. The propriety of the proceeding, as re-
gards the interests of Colombia, it is not our
business to question : but with respect to the
recognition of Colombian Independence by this
country on the ground of the de facto indepen-
dence and solidity of that Government, the
fact we think is almost decisive. The aid
afforded to Peru, we would remind our
readers, is not a diversion to draw the enemy
from his previous plan of campaign in Colombia
itself—but a public exertion to - eradicate in
a ueighbouring territory the power and influence
of a beaten enemy at home, and by that means
prevent the possibility of renewing the contest
hereafter, or otherwise disturbing the happiness
of the Colombians and the improvement of their
civil institutions. We dwell upon these circum-
stances because they are, both as relates to the
interest of Colombia and this country at the pre-
sent time, of paramount moment. The points of
Legislative detail in Santander's Message, we do
not think it necessary to notice. With one or
two exceptions, they seem expedient ; and if so,
will doubtless be adopted.

[rnE TiMES.]
The Speech delivered yesterday by His Ma-
jesty, on closing the session of Parliament consi-
dered as a communication on matters of business
between King and Nation, was a very remark-
able one. The sentences of which it consists
are just eight in number. Two of these con-
tain thanks—one lamentation—one is appro-
batory—one congratulatory—one exhortative—
, one only communicative ; and what it commu-
nicates amounts, like all the rest of this ora-
tion, to somewhat less than nothing. The pas-
sage to which we allude, is that wherein His
Majesty has been authorized_ by his Ministers
to inform us, that he continues to receive
From Foreign Powers " assurances" of their dis-
position to remain at peace with this country."
Now, such assurances, taken by
themselves, are
worth just the paper on which they are written.
They derive the sole value which ever can belong
to them from collateral facts and circumstances,
not glanced at by the advisers of his Majesty in
this their cold farewell to the people of England.
Had an American President been talking of " as-
surances," he would have followed up the
subject by particularizing the relations of the
country to which he addressed himself with
each foreign Government in its turn ; and this, if
his fellow-citizens
for no other purpose, to satisfy

how far they might be justified in depending on
the words of peace to which their attention had
been invited. France, for instance, had assured
Spain, as well as Europe, that she was most paci-
fically disposed towards the Peninsula but a very
few weeks before her General crossed the Pyren-
nees with 100,000 men. Is it in French " as-
surances" that we ought to repose our confidence?
Russia, no doubt, has gorged Mr. Canning with
protestations of her kindness and friendship to-
wards the British Empire. We say nothing of her
tariffs, for she hasa right to interdict her subjects
from as many civilized enjoyments as they are
tame enough to forego. We say nothing of her
plans or movements towards the East, since she is
notoriously straitened in point of territory, and
may be excused for seizing a rich spot ,of land
where she can find it. But we would suggest a
temperate question with regard to Russia, and
ask, what may be the value of her pacific
" assurances " to this Government, when put
in contrast with her known decrees for debarring
British subjects from the whole North-west coast
of America—for sweeping the British flag from
the face of the Pacific Ocean, and robbing
this nation of a lucrative and lawful commerce
which its citizens have for ages carried on ? This
is a matter upon which we " respectfully insist "
(as the Lawyers tell the Judges) that some sort
of light ought to have been thrown by the Fo-
reign Secretary, when he introduced the pacific
assurances of neighbouring States to England.
What, then, are we told upon another most
interesting topic ? Not one word with re-
spect to South America. The session op-
portunely closes just at the moment in which
intelligence was looked for, of a nature to
attest the truth and rectitude of the Ministers.
They now have the ball at their foot. There is
no busy member to interrogate—no cross-grained
motion to molest them. The intrigues of the
Holy Alliance may ripen into a new harvest of
civil distractions throughout the whole Ame-
rican Continent, and the natural effect of our
duplicity may again be pleaded in bar of our
return to duty. As for the Session thus abrupt-
ly terminated,. it was languid and ineffec-
tive, as it was brief. No taxes have in fact
been remitted : no reform executed in the gene-
ral administration of justice ; no great measures
of public economy encouraged ; no bold and en-
nobling line of foreign policy traced out ; one
disgraceful treaty has been concluded ; and the
Irish nation finds still postponed that redress
which its wrongs so loudly call for. These are
the fruits of the session ending on June 25th,
1824, and this the form in which its last stage has
been conducted.

HAVANNAII, NrAy 25.—There are great prepa-
rations made by the Governor of this place for
the reception of vessels expected almost imme-
diately from Spain, and we fear that an attempt
will be soon made to recover possession of
Mexico. A week ago a vessel arrived in this
neighbourhood from Cadiz, with dispatches for
the Governor, which are said to be of import-
ance. Something is said of an attempt to be
made by Iturbide, but whether ort.Ms
_account
or ott that of Spain, is unknown. It ems, how-
ever, that be reckons with certainty upon
the possession of St. Jean de Ulloa, from which
fortress he will issue his proclamations, and en-
deavour to raise the country, whilst he keeps his
own head in safety. The order of the Mexi-
can Government, prohibiting all commercial in-
tercourse with this island, is rigidly enforced.
We are now compelled to send all goods, not
Spanish, to Thompson's Island, there to be ship-
ped in American vessels. Thompson's Island is
situated 70 miles north-west of this place,and has
a considerable depot of four and other necessa-
ries. There is a custom-house, a collector, and
other officers ; and the island is likely to become
a situation of much importance.
MR. LoWRY, THE ENGRAVER.—The friends of
the Arts will be grieved to learn that this cele-
brated artist died on Thursday morning, between
two and three o'clock.—(Morning Paper.)
The following is an extract from a commercial
letter, dated Copenhagen the Bth June :—" The
advance in State Securities, the sudden rise in the
course of exchange, (for which there being no
legitimate cause it suddenly fell again), the large
new Loan for the Government, and its probable
application—all this very powerfully excites pub-
lic attention, so much so that even the mercantile
world lose sight of their usual objects of employ-
ment. In trade there is unquestionably great
dullness for the moment, though we hardly think
things will settle down permanently unbeneficial.
It is true we have of late received favourable
accounts as to the value of grain in the markets
of Southern Europe, yet notwithstanding this
there seems to be little sympathy in the currency
here."

REMARKABLE ESCAPE.—We seldom have had
to notice a more remarkable circumstance than
the following extraordinary escape from destruc-
tion. A daughter of Mr. J. D. Beaumont, of
Maidstone, being on a visit at Folkestone, at-
tempted on Sunday se'nnight to conduct a young
acquaintance down the cliff by a very narrow
path near the church, where the descent is al-
most perpendicular. She had not proceeded
more than three or four steps, when her head be-
coming giddy, she pitched forward and rolled to
the edge of a declivity, from whence she bound-
ed to a small projection nearly 50 feet below ;
from this spot she rolled onward with increasing
velocity till she reached the foot of the cliff—a
fall of nearly one hundred and fifty feet ; and
here she was picked up covered with blood, though
not a bone broken ! Mr. Beaumont was walking
with his daughter at the top of the cliff, and wit- j
nessed the commencement of this appalling scene ;
but his daughter disappeared in an instant, and
in an agony not to be described, he hurried by a
circuitous path to the bottom, expecting to see his
child dashed to pieces, but to his unspeakable
p he saw her taken up alive by a gen-
thlaepmaiinieNsysl'io happened to be near the spot, by
whose kind attention she was conveyed to a place
of safety, where medical aid was immediately
procured, and although many severe bruises were
occasoned by this frightful fall, yet we are happy
to state that the young lady is now perfectly re-
covered.—(Kent Herald.)

FOR THE SUN.

ON THE MIRAGE.

MR. EDlTOR—Nothing has struck Europeans
travelling in Egypt with more astonishment than
the optical phenomenon shewn under the name
of Mirage. To be produced, it is requisite that
the spectators be placed in a large plain, nearly
level, and stretching as far as the limits of the
horizon, and so exposed to the beans of the sun,
as to require a very high temperature. At sea
it is not, however, by any means ai uncommon
phenomenon ; and from seamen it has received
its present appellation.

The land of Lower Egypt is an immense plain,
nearly horizontal, interrupted only by a few na-
tural or artificial hillocks, upon which the villages
are built, but which every where mingles with
the sky in the Mirage. Both in the evening and
in the morning nothing extraordinary appears in
this scene, but as soon as the sun has sufficiently
heated the surface of the earth, and until it be-
gins to cool as the evening sets in, the aspect of
the country changes, and it appears as if bounded
by water, at about three miles distance from the
spectator. The villages situated beyond that
distance have the appearance of inknds placed
in the midst of a large lake ; and tc make this
optical deception still more natural, the image of
each of these villages is reflected in front of
itself, precisely as if there were reallf a reflect-
ing surface placed before them ; but as this image
is at a considerable distance from the spectator,
the most prominent masses are alone distinctly
perceptible, and the edges are not better defined
than those of objects represented upon the surface
of water slightly furrowed by the wild.
In proportion as the traveller (haws near to
any one of the villages, apparently slanting on
the edge of the water, this latter recedes, the chan-
nel, which seemed to separate him from the vil-
lage gradually diminishes in breadth, and at
length it totally disappears; but the same phe-
nomenon immediately begins in regard to the next
village that is placed behind the former at a con-
venient distance. Hence every thin,c concurs to
complete an illusion, which is often cruel to the
traveller, who, when parched and dying with
thirst, is continually tantalized by the near ex-
istence of what he most desires, bui which ever
recedes from him as he approaches, and thus, con-
tinually changing every fresh hope into a new
disappointment, leaves him no other prospect but
a painful and an inevitable death.
The following explanation of this phenomenon
was given by MONDE, one of the Swans who ac-
accompanied BUONAPAItTE into Egypt :
The transparency of the atmosphere prevents
its acquiring a very high tempera:ure, by any
simple exposure to the direct rays of the sun : it
is only when the surface of a barren and sandy
soil has acquired considerable beat that the
lowest. strata of air in contact with this heated
surface acquires a very high ta..nrspaarskulre. Phis
stratum becomes consequently rarified, and less
dense than the strata that rest immediately above
its surface ; whence the rays of light that reach
the earth through these strata must be differently
refracted. Thus, while the rays which fall
more perpendicularly are refracted at a smal-
ler angle, when they enter the rarer stratum,
those which fall more obliquely, and form only
inconsiderable angles with the horizon, when
they reach the surface which separats the rarer
stratum, from the more dense one above it, are
prevented from passing out of the later, and are
reflected upwards, making the angle cf incidence
equal to the angle of reflection, and this the sur-
face
that separates the two strata 3roduce an
effect similar to that of a mirror. The rays thus
reflected naturally convey to an eye placed in
the denser stratum the inverted image of the
lower parts of the sky, which, in this case,
appear placed below the true horizon.—
Hence, as the reflected image of the sky
has nearly the same brightness as that which is
above, the latter appears prolonged clove to the
surface of the earth, and the limits of the horizon
seem lower, and nearer the spectator, than they
are in reality. If trees, horses, or any -Aber ter-
restrial object, prove that the limits of the hori-
zon are more distant, and that the sky does not
sink thus low, as the surface of water becomes
most usually'visible, under a small angle, only by
means of the image of the sky which it reflects,
so because the eye hue perceives a reflected
image of the sky, it conveys to the -nind the
idea of a reflecting surface of water.
As the reflecting surface that separates the
two strata of air, of which the diversiT is dif-
ferent, is neither a perfect plane nor perfectly
motionless, the images necessarily appear ill de-
fined and agitated at the edge, as is the case
upon the surface of water slightly moved by the
wind ; and, as high hills intercept all rays re-
flected from the lower part of the sky, the Mirage
can be seen only in places perfectly level.
As long as the relative diversities of the strata
remains the same, and that the upper stratum
preserves the same temperature, the greatest
angle under which the rays can be reflected re-
mains also unchanged. Now, as of all the re-
flected rays those which form the greatest angle
with the horizon apparently proceed from the
nearest point, from that where the phenomenon
begins, this point must of necessity remain al-
ways at the same distance from the spectator; so
that if the spectator moves forward, the point
where the water seems to begin will move in the
same direction, and with an equal velocity.—
Hence, if a person advances towards a village
that appears situated in the midst of the inunda-
tion, the edge of the seeming water draws nearer
to the village, attains it, and at length, as the
spectator continues to advance, is subsequently
seen beyond it, receding as he advances.
MosiGe asserts, that after making repeated ob-
servations upon the Mirage, at different seasons,
and under different circumstances, he has been
more and more confirmed in the above cause of
this phenomenon, which, indeed, seems the most
probable that I have hitherto seen. A. P.
