tion of the Bill now in contemplation against Ireland.
The petitioners beheld with the deepest pain of mind the
threatened destruction of the lives and property of their
fellow subjects in Ireland ; they had entertained hopes
that the reign of terror was over ; that there would be no
more Insurrection Acts, suspensions of the Habeas Corpus,
and similar obnoxious measures, which had been put into
effect by former tyrannical Ministries, but which, it had
been hoped, would never have been thought of more in the
present times. However, since the Ministry, contrary to
expectation, had adopted such a course, it was quite time
to put a stop to these coercive measures. They were at
present directed against Ireland, but it would be impossi-
ble to say how soon they might be adopted in England it
this measure were allowed to pass.—(Hear, hear.).—
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHN MAXWELL presented a petition from a
parish in the county of Lanark, against colonial slavery.—
To lie on the table.
Mr. BAILLIE presented a petition, very numerously
subscribed to, from the county of Nairn, in North Britain,
for the promotion of a better observance of the Sabbath.—
To lie on the table.

Mr. LAW BODGES presented a petition from Ashurst,
in Kent, against tithes, praying that whatever measures
were adopted with respect to tithes in Ireland might be
extended to England.—To lie on the table.

Mr. J. MACKENZIE presented a petition from the
minister and other inhabitants of Kirkhnrr, county of
Ross, against the violation of the Sabbath.—To be laid
on the table.

Mr. PRY ME presented a petition from a Seceding Con-
gregation of Dublin with respect to the present manner
of taking the oaths.—To lie on the table.—The Hon.
Gentleman then gave notice, that on the 4th of March
he should make a motion for setting apart certain portions
of land for the use of the poor.
Mr. PEASE presented a petition from Edward Webb,
of some parish in Somerset, praying for various alterations
in the Church, among others, that there should he fifty-
two Bishups, one for each county ; but none of them to
be allowed more than a just and reasonable stipend ; and
that they should be well advised in the words of Bishop
Latimer, " not to be Prelates lording it over the land,
nor meddling and making, but to preach and to teach,
and let the plough he doing.".—The petition was ordered
to be laid on the table.

The House then adjourned at a quarter to eleven.

-NIARKET INTELLIGENCE.
