FRENCH PAPERS.

[F•irth7r Extrac's `rant those received on Thursday.]

'A:3I9, FEB. 4.--In order to'incrzase the [lea-
st!re phi eat for lac defence of the cir,y_of Paris,
indznturts have been opened at some distance
from ear..h other.; in tl'e walls which are on 'each
sizic of the harriers— , The doors and windows of

thosq blrrk..rs, on the side-next the country, are

walled no, -and indenturgs Also made: therein, as
well as on the palisades Before the buttresses
of some dAclies are-digging, and bastions
ict pilisOes raisingg. before the gates.
Letters fronilllyonne say; that the yellow fever
prevails in the hospitals of flit Etigl;s;) army, anad.
makes great ravages there. The di-VisiOns of
FrenCh cops" which have been seiit to thel inte-
rior, -are already replaced by new, regiments of
conscripts: • _

PART:i• FEE. 6.—=-The mandiwent of bis Eini-
neree Cardinal Maury, ordering public prayers for
the'success of his 'Majesty the Emperor and King
against the. insasion of the French ty.rirory by
the Allied Powers, has just appeared. Iris dis-
tinguished 'by inauly eloquence, enriched by the
Holy Scripttirels,-by frailition; and by:history: We
regret that tie must confine ourselves to a few
quotations :--

" 'Die aggression and the danger admit here no
choice of (jut es. There eats, there (Ines no longer
remain anrmg• us .but one unanimous cry of con-
rage, of national defence, one only feeling, one
only wish ; the immediate ald simulta;2eous desire
of the :Soverei(gu and the people---:o rept,/ the inva-
sion' with all the enerzy of the Fiend:. honour. (Let.-
ter from iris Majesty to the B shops.) Yes, every
question -is finillied, necessity .speaks to every
heart, the of the hostile banners wav-
ing-in our country ends all diversity of opinion,
by a general call to arms and to the field of ho-
hour; for on the.priuciptes of ,religion,..as
by all the laws of civilized nations, a delensi.ve
war is not only laTfill as a national 4gltt,_ it .is,

commanded as the most 'sacred duty which, the
urgency of the public safety imposes on all people,
- reanimating -their courage by the most powerful
springs that can act on
,the:huinari heart ; religion
then becomes the -guardian, and she e‘ousecrates
the guarantee of social order, established and
sanctioned by Heaven, when she professes this
tutelary doctrine in our temples.
The French -people, united with their So 7
vereign, always have been, and ever will be, in-
vincible on their own soil.
,arilia4kx-11 Fiance
rise then at the voiet-',:f the Hero who makes thee
partAl4u,' •31. his glory; enrich with thy courage
onr devotion ; the -pictures which the present
epoch is preparing for thy history, continually
confront thyself with thy,.memorable triumphs;
enlarge with all thy recollections the sphere of
thy hope. It is for the fathers of the present clay
to, slimy themselves as brave as their children
have been, worthy to serve them as models. Such
tk noble, emulation ought to adjourn every, in-
terest but the safety of the state. The moment
of action is come for every Frenchman. There
can now be in the nation but only-one reigning
thought, the thought of its aognst Monarch, the
holy and, salutary thought of flying to the defence
of our frontiers, incensed at enduring a foreign
yoke, and impatient to behold their native soil
'delivered from all these Northern hordes, who
no*st find there- their entire defeat. To a great
,people,a:distant war is only a burden, a war in the
bosom' of the Empire, is the most horrible of cala-
To stand still before such a sight would
be base, to iusolate'oursell would he ruin, to fall
asleep on the' brink of the precipice would be
throwing ourself into it, to bediscouragediwould
be annihilation, neutrality would be ignominious-
ly cutting one's-self/of front the number-of citi-
zens. Whoever IS able to" Serve his country with
arms in his hands, and does not defend her when
she invokes his aid, is au ungrateful and unnatu-

ral son

" Thz enemy, my clear brethren, the enemy is
as it were at your gates. Will you then wait his
coming, to oppose to him.a tardy aA then . too
late resistance ? NO; it is not in your walls, it is on
the•frontierg of the empire that you must defend
'this. capital ; it is only there that %lon can save it,.
and preserve it from all injury. The fate which
Heaven reserves for our rash aggressors is written
beforehanfl in . our annals ,in bloody characters.—
Since the ever memorable expulsion of the Eng-
lish, driven. from our country- by the Duke of
Guise, never to return, no conquering invader
has been able to get a footing in this Empire.=
Arise, then, now from. your tombs, brave and
illustrious defenders of France ; you, whose dear
mines will be immortal in our history, rise from
your tombs to animate us all with the same spirit,
and the same courage, which nial2e you triumph
over every usurpation of your natal soil, and
quickly reinstate your posterity in the ancient in-
heritance of your glory." •
Parris, FEB. 5. Ortr writers have called to our
remembrance the famous periods of our rincient
histOry, when the French, led by able Chiefs,
stopt armies which were bringing to them shame
and slavery. But would .not instances selected_
frg::,i• the present war still better -animate the
people and the army to these last Combats, which
they have to maintain for the safety of their
country ? Twenty-one years ago we gained the vic-
tory of Vainly. The French, to be invincible at
Louie, have only to be like themselves. The flight
of the Allied Sovereigns, and the rapid conquest;
from the em my' of our fortresses on the Rhine,
are a living 'es ;on for -our soldiers, and -a presage
of the victory which awaits them.
-LHere follows a description of the battle of Vainly, in which
it is stated, that , 70,000 young French troops' and Marshal
Kellerman and Gen. Beurnonville, stopped in the plain
150,400 of the best troops of Prussia arid Awziria, sated
Paris from pillage, and, by unforeseen obstacles, put a sud-
den stop, to the rapid and brilliant, but transitory' successes,
with which Frederic William had began his career.]
SOISSONS, FEB. 2.--Ten thousand national
guards, from the seven next departments,. form
a camp here under the General of Division Rusea,
and two Generals of Brigade. The town is well
furnished with artillery, and 500 men are employ-
ed on the fortifications.

PARIs, JAN..*.—The illoniteur of to-day Coll-
