COURT CIRCULAR

WINDSOR, THURSDAY. —The Queen enjoyed her accustomed
airing in the Park this afternoon. Her Majesty rode on horse-
back, and was attended by Baroness Lehzen, Lady Charlotte
Copley, Miss Quentin, Viscount Melbourne, Viscount Palmer-
ston, the Earl of Uxbridge, the Hon. Colonel Cavendish, the
1100. C. A. Murray, Viscount Torrington, Sir Henry Wheat-
ley, the Hon. W. Temple, and Sir Robert Otway.
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, accompanied by
the Princess o! Oldenburgh, Lady Mary Stopford, and La
Baronne D'Aretin, rode out in a pony phaeton. Lady Little-
ton, and the Ladies E. and C. Paget also rode out in open
carriages.
Sir Henry Wheatley arrived at the Castle last night.
The Hon. Miss Lister has succeeded the Hon. Miss Paget
as Maid of Honour.

rile Duchess of Cambridge, accompanied by the Princess
Augusta of Cambridge, and attended by Baroness Ahlefeldt,
came to town yesterday morning. Her Royal Highness and
the Princess returned to Kew in the afternoon.
The Marquis of Clanricardo transacted business yesterday
at the Foreign Department.
Viscount Palmerston returned to Windsor Castle on Wed-
nesday afternoon.
Lord Glenelg visited Lori Palmerston yesterday at the
Foreign Office.
Lord John Russell was expected to arrive at Woburn yes-
terday from Liverpool.
The Marquis of Lansdowne has returned to his seat, Bo-
Wood Park, Wilts.
Sir John Macdonald, the Adjutant-General of the Forces,
visited the Waterloo Model, at the Egyptian Hall, yesterday.
Guard The Adjutant-General saw Officers yesterday at the Horse
s.
Sir Wm. Parker, Lieutenant- Colonel Angelo, Mr. Fowel
B l
uxton, Mr. M'Queen, and Mr. Granviilc, had interviews
with Lord Glenelg yesterday at the Colonial Office.
The Russian Ambassador transacted business yesterday at
at the Foreign Department.
L, The Hanoverian Minister bad an interview yestefday with
ord Palmerston at the Foreign Department.
uusi
lThe Turkish, French, and. Austrian Ambassadors transacted
ness yesterday at the Foreign Department.
.His Exce
directllency Prince Esterhazy is about to proceed to
'enna .
The French Ambassador's departure, it is supposed, will
take place about the 15th inst.
t, The Hon. Mr. Ashley, Vice-Chamberlain and Treasurer to
the Queen Dowager, returned to town yesterday morning from
attending her Majesty on her embarcation at Portsmouth.
, Despatches were forwarded yesterday from Downing-street
for Lord Melbourne at Windsor.
Sierr
begpatches from Lieutenant-Colonel Doherty, Governor of
a Leone, were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
Despatches were forwarded yesterday from the Foreign De-
partment, for the British Ministers resident at the Courts of
Greece, Switzerland, and Rome.
Despatches were received yesterday at the Foreign Depart-
tlent from the British Ambassadors resident at the Courts of
Brussels and the Hague.
Despatches were forwarded yesterday from the Foreign De-
Pilvtrnent fcr the British Charges d'Affaires at Lisbon and
.wattfirid.
tLl:tespatehes, dated the 25th ult., were received yesterday at
"e Poreiga Department from the British Charge d'Affaires
air Madrid.
Despatches were forwarded yesterday from the Colonial
CePartment for Lord Durham, the Governor. General of the
4144% and for the Officers administering her Majesty's Go-
ernment in the British Dependencies in North America.
at Despatches, dated the I 2th ult., were received yesterday
the Foreignt
C Departmni einople.nt from Lord Punsonby, the British
Ambassador aonsta
Lord E

Z.or Aenborough has returned to Southam House.
ar Cheltertf am,. from a visit- to Sir Robert Peel, Bart.,
1):. and Lady Peel, at Drayton Manor.
ti„ Sir Wm. Follett, VI. P., has been among the clis-
/gui‘h,>d guests of Sir Robert Peel, Bart., M. P., and Lady
isenel, at Drayton Manor. We are happy to state, S;r Wiliamovv in the enjoyment of better health than for some time
Past.

Colonel the Hon. George Anson and a party have
arrived in town from Newmarket.
Our late arrivals (at Littlehampton) include Lady
Barnard, Lady Murray, and Col. Rogers.---Brighton Gazette.
The Marquis of Tweeddile is attending various
agricultural meetings on the borders of Scotland, in his way
south; and his Lordship expects to be able to visit his family
at Kimboltoo Castle, about the close of the present we. k.
The Earl and Countess of Cawdor and the Ladies
Campbell left the Golden Grove, ill Carm irthensh ire, on
Monday last, for Stackpole Cutut, iu Pembrokeshire.
The- Earl and Countess of Jermyn and the Hon.
Mr. and Lady Georgina Grey, left St. James's-cquee. yes_
ti rday for the south of France, where the Noble Earl and
o
-eureess intend sojourning until the latter end of February.
The- Earl and Countess of Harrington have left
town
for St. Leonard's for a short. period.
Earl Cadogan left town on Tuesday last for Venice,
to join the Countess Cadogan and the Ladies Augusta and
Henoria Cadogan, who have been in Italy fur several weeks.
ttThe Earl of Cardigan has retunifd the occupancy
,„4,bis mansion on Carlton-terrace, which his Lordship let to
in India L'"vager Countess of Sandwich during his recent sojourn
C The Earl and Countess of Craven are now at
Pee Abbey, near Coventry. —Birmingham Advertiser.
I,fhe Countess of Carvsfort ie at Eiton Hall, in
.iuntingdomhire and does riot intend visitin Glenart Castle
ibis year, as has been reported. g
Lord Francis Egerton, M.P., joined his lady at the
fa e milY at, Worsley Hall, Lane %shire on Saturday, from
olif'ddo seat,
where his Lordship has been' visiting the Eat I
pee berdeen. The Duchess-Ceuntess of Sutherland was ex-
at Worsley ed at Worsley yesterday, from Dann-thin Castle. Great
tls°Parations have been made at the Hall for fie reception of
Zat Lady, and a distinguished circle has been invited by Lord
Lady Francis' Egerton to meet her Grace.
Lord and Lady Ashburton intend leaving the
f Gra"t"e, near Alresford, in Hampshire, on the 10th instant,
1
With House, Piccadilly, on their way to the Continent.
The Hon. Charles Compton Cavendish and the
th-l'Y Catherine intend receiving company at Latimer's about
C close of the present month.
p Ile Hon. Edward Thomas Foley and the Lady
are on their way home from Milan. Mr Foley has re •
tenth,
the t Purchased a noble mansion in Portman.square, formerly
-au°de of Mr. K. Digby.
11 ;The Duke of Bedford has left Belgrave-square for
(ireght°ro where the Duchess and Lord Alexander Russell are
z -eeted from a visit to her Giace's cottage at the Dome. of
pothiemurchua. The Duke and Duchess, and the Ladies
,u,sael
will leave Brighton early in the ensuing week fur
lee-816gb House, near Tavistoek.
ae
has ALKEITII PALACE.—The Duke of Buccleuch
party to this noble residence, and is entertaining a large
Y of tile Nobility.— Glasgow Courier.
Th
e llochess-Countess of Sutherland left Dunrobin.
,tie On
e Monday last, on a visit to Lord and Lady Francis
Gig.e.o, at Woraley Hall, near Manchester; thence her
teeitice comes to town. Lord Belgrave, Lord Ward, Lord
d
Ath.sYn. Lord William Bentinck, the American Minister and
d I,teyenson, Viscount Maidstone, Mr. Calvert, and Mr.
Gre'l,ra Loch were the latest visitors at the Castle before her
m s departure.
ine ,411RIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—On Tuesday morbn-
tr;:,e,"er4l Viscount Combermere, G. C. 8., led to the y-
l\lis ,a,itar, at St. George's Church, Hanover-square,
he -I°°irees, daughter of Dr. Gibbinge of Brighton.
arid egrernony took place in the presence of the Earl
Ileeb'oentess B-auchamp, the Earl and Countess ?
's'nte?irc'uLb. Lord and Lady Marcus Hill, Generals Sir
Rre..,re'ec Hawker, Miss Cotton (sister to the noble brided-
bride-„'' the Hon. Meliora Cotton, &c. The bride and
ele4e7:"Tri immediately after the ceremony, set off n a
eliee-iti`rnew travelling chariot and four for. Combermere Abbey,.
at tl e• A sureptuuus dejeuner was given on the occasion
G;h~iinnrunswick-house Hotel, Hanover square, by Mrs.
41110ngl, to the distinguished persons who attended the c 01...
l... Y.
rE
171', ItrilMlig SITUATION OF THE DUCHESS Ohl?
4C'''E-"•----Th •young and beautiful Duchess of Bucelene
I\l 4 nar? • k or) the mountain of Ben
tee ow escape lest Aee • . •
the /3. Tile Duke as been deer-t,tallting 13,idenoch ;
monad
f',,,tlehees, Monday' last, undertook to ascend Ben Nevi
mortia-",„'""rn Corpach inn, at the western' end of the Cale-
Yonne `'arlhl• She was accompanied on the expedition by a
with Teentle
man, linear relation of the Duke ; arid they took
Itisie.„"eera guide whoproved subsequeialy imperfectly ac-
lain, tl" with the'road. P.When on the summit of the
411 Q day, which bad previously been fine, become hazy.
s'4'ere W4S at the same time drawing on: The little party,-
'''-uveloped in a dense mist, and the guide becami.
Nee bewildered. The-Duchess. with a degree of moral
thege Scarcely to have been anticipated in a young lady of
tile -ate nurture and constitution, exerted herself to keep up
14spar; of her companions, and nerve them to persever
! exertion. Her. efforts had been unavailing amid that
woleedrless of precipice and morasses--for who can say what
il'oe ?aye been the effect of exposure to the inclement
lie es alr on so deli Cate a frame?—but for the sagacious exer.-
Ilisell°f Mr. John McDonald, proprietor of the Ben Nevis
4sct te}:.!.. The long delay of the Duchess had excited. alarm.
4seu Imbabitants of Fort William were mustering to the
With bum" Mr. McDoneld mounted his horse, and taking
t4Tee
e Purl(' of the bell caught the car of the wanderers, ane
liee;r_achess and her noble'relative were by this ingenious de
Avid Clied from their dangerous situation. Mr. McDonald',
dy lidv4isnegon7ienverted into a temporary pack-saddle, the noble.
y.ed ie an almost exhausted, state to Fort Wil-
terrtit'os'i;l:ere tired nature's best restorer effaced all traces of
Nl),ae ' The gratitude of the noble family to Mr. McDonald
vatt Promptitude averted a misfortune which must have
glc'orn, not onlyover the whole house of' " the belie.
cietich f
•i Scotland, has been ac-
ome but and wile tnroug
Which •,ed with th t frank grace and substantial liberalit
eeede characterise the noble pair to whom his services were
Dr( Glasgow Courier.
114„ avt:R, UST. 4s Excellency Prince Ester-
Li, arrived last night at the York Hotel from London with.
kles_p" tt the Prince Nicholas, and embarked this morning
1,^411 the n'a stearai.r for Boulogne. under the usual salure
ler v. etern Tne Prince is on his way
fre 'llk Tor Rit,ht tfHenryell art ived
ete , On. Sir enry vulogne.

ARRIVALS.

TAILINGS.

SCHOONERS.—The Wanderer and Merlin.

COWES, ISLE OF WIGHT

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
ROYAL YACHT SQUADRON INTELLIGENCE

SEPT. 30, 6 P. ii.—The Sparrowhawk cutter, Edward
Heneage, Esq., M.P., from Brighton. Light breeze,
W. N. W. 7P. ar.—The Wanderer, schooner, T. W. Beau-
mont, Esq., from Brighton.
OCT. 1, 5. 30. P. m. —The Kestrel, cutter, Commodore
Earl of Yarborough from Weymouth. Light breeze, N. NE.

SEPT, VA 9. 15. A. m. —The Kestrel, cutter, Commodan
Earl of Yarborough, on a cruise to the westward. 30th 9.
A.m.—The Ruby, cutter, Rowland Mitchel, Esq., for Brighton.
Fresh breeze, N. E.

OCT. "2, 6 A. M.—The Harriett, schooner, John Beard.
more, Esq., for London. Fresh breeze, N. E.

YACHTS AT AND ABOUT THE STATION.
CUTTERS.—The Kestrel, Sparrowhawk, Union, Fanny,
Blue Eyed Maid, Albatross, Forest Fly, Elizabeth, Sapphire,
and Amazon.

This being the best month in the whole year for bathing,
there are still a number of visitors to enjoy the pleasures of a
dip in the brine. The town is indeed much fuller of
company than it commonly is at this season of the year, all
anxious to change the lilies on their cheeks for roses, which
our breeies easily do for them.
Baron Alderson has taken Harriet Lodge for October.
Sir Lowry Cole is in treaty for Earl De Grey's Marine
Villa for a-month.

SPORTING IN 'FELLIGEN CE.

LAKE ERIE, and the " GREAT WEST

" The western termination of the Erie canal looks out upon
Lake Erie, the most southerly and central of that great chain
of navigable lakes which stretches far into the interior from
our western boundary. Around these inland seas, a great
cluster of five great States is rapidly rising. The territory
which they comprise, and which is to become tributary to the
canal, embraces that great area extending from the lakes on
the north to the Oilio on the south, and from the western con-
fines of this State to the Upper Mississippi, and contains
280,000 square miles. This is fifteen times as large as the
State of New York west of the county of Oneida—nearly
twice as large as the kingdom of France, and about six times
as extensive as the whole of England. It contains one
hundred and eighty millions of acres of arable land, a
large proportion of which is of surpassing fertility. The
productive power of this region is greedy strengthened
by the facilities it enjoys for cheap and easy transportation ;
for it is nearly encircled by navigable waters, anti its
broad area is intersected, in numerous directions, by., streams
furnishing ample means of conveyance—while unusual facilities
for the construction of canals and other artificial channels of
communication are affirded by the level and uniform character
of its surface. These being its advantages, it needs only the
requisite population. Its progress in this respect has been
surprising. In 1816, Ohio was the only State government
within its limits. In that year, Indiana, having obtained the
requisite number of 60,000 inhabitants, entered the Union.
Illinois and Michigan were then feeble territorie , with a few
ssttlers thinly scattered over their broad surface while
Wisconsin, unknown even by name, vi.rs an undistin-
guished portion of the great north-western territory. In
the brief period of twenty-one years such has been the
influx of -population into this great district, that Ohio,
the eldest member in this brotherhood of nations,
now nurabera 1,400,000 inhabitants, Indiana upwards
of 600,000, Illinois and Michigan (both of whom have or-
ganized their governments and come into the Union) 700,000
—while west of Lske Michigan, not only is Wiscoesin rapidly
rising, but even beyond the Upper Mississippi, 30,000 citizens
have already laid the foundations. of yet another State. The
population already eiabraced within the district in question falls
little short of 3,000.000, and if the same rate of progress shall
be maintained tor the twelve years next to come, by the year
1850 it will probably exceed 6,000,000.
" The peculiar activity and energy of these people are also
worthy of consideration. They probably possess a greater
aggregate power of production than any other portion equally
numerous of the human race. Their population is made
up almost exclusively of the young, the resolute, the
vigorous, and the intelligent, who have gone from more
crowded communities, to seat -themselves around this
chain of waters, and there to build up an empire. They have
taken with them the laws, habits, language, and institutions
of their pare et States—but, above all, they have carried into that
vast field an honest love of labour,—aud in the very act of or-
ganizing their Government, they testified their willingness to
exert and rely upon their own energies, by abolishing slavery
for ever throughout all their limits This group of inland
States has two outlets for its trade to the ocean—one by the
Mississippi, to the Gulf of Mexico; the other throngh Lake
Erie acid the navigable communications of this State, to the
Atlantic. Whether it be attributsble to sirniliarity of origin,
or laws, or habits, or to ties of consanguinity, or superior salu-
brity of climate, this people evidently prefer the market on the
Atlantic ; and they arc making prodigious efforts to reach
it. Three great canals_ one of them longer than the Eric ea-

nal, and embracing in their aggregate length 1,000 miles, are
to connect the Ohio with Lake Erie, while another deep and

capacious channel excavated for nearly thirty miles through
solid rock, unites Like Michigan with the navigable waters of
the Illinois. They are also constructing lines of rail-road; not
less than 1,500 miles in extent, in order to reach with
more ease and speed the lakes, through which they seek
a conveyance to the sea-board. This undaunted resolu-
tion is strikingly •sinced by the fact, that the cost of the
great works they have thus undertaken (and most of which
e in progrees), will exceed 48 000,000 of dollars, a sum
tar exceeding all that New York, with 2,000,000 inha-
bitants and 200 years of accumulated wealth, has ever at-
tempted. The circumstance, moreover, is particularly
important, that the public works of each of these great
communities are arranged on a harmonious plan, each having
a main line supported and enriched by lateral and tributary
branches—thereby bringing the industry of their whole people
into prompt and profitable action—while the systems them-
selves are again united on a grander scale in a series of sys-
tems comprising an aggregate length of more than 2,500
miles, wth Like Erie as its common centre. The yahoos
portions of this vast work are now in a train of rapid construc-
tion. Indiana alone has 6.000 men in her employ, and Ohio,
Illinois, and Michigan, are making correspondent efforts; se
that it may be confidently predicted that, within seven years
fromt
the lakes
crowd th
this time whole inland
ntnedtrraandeee (of
thef t that broad
canal,rioadregi on
around
on
its way to the Atlantic."

NGLISH BOXING-MATCHES IN FRANCE.We
are glad to fir.d that this disgusting subject occupies the.at-
tention of the French Government. The Droit states thst
legal measures are abnut to be taken, not only for preventing
the recurrence of boxing-matches in France, but also fur
punishing the parties concerned in the disgraceful exhibition
near St. Maur, which we mentioned not long since.
The extensive cotton mills of M. ltosacv, at Ouilly
le Vicomte, in Calvados, were totally destroyed by fire a few
nights since.
A chgonnzer, or rag gatherer, was three days ago
arrested at Boulogne-sur- Seine, for wearing the ribard of the
Legion of Honour without being entitled to it.
Prince Louis Bonaparte, according to the Federal
of Geneve, having applied to the British 'Minister at Berne,
for a passport to England, Mr. Morier referred to Lord
Granville, at Paris, who, after consuWng with Count Mole,
returned an assent to the deliver/of the. passport requited.

EMBARKATION OF THE QUEEN
DOWAGER.

PorsrsmouTa, OCT. 3. —The Queen Duwager embarked
this day on board the Hastings. The whole of the garrison
I were under arms at two p. m., and lined the streets of Portsea
, from the Lion-gates, through St. George's-square, and along
Common Hard to the Dock-yard gates, and from thence to
the wharf below the King's-stairs, where a guard of honour
with the Marine band were statioLed. The Meteor steamer,
decked out with flags, her decks carpetted with crimson cloth,
was waiting alongside the wharf; and a platform, or tempo-
rary boarded footway, also covered with crimson cloth, ex-
tended from that vessel to the place where her Majesty was to
alight from her carriage. On board the Meteor was the band
of Sir Philip Durham. At three. p. m. the Queen Dowager
arrived in an open carriage, attended by Lord Howe and the
Ladies Denbigh and Sheffield, and escorted by a guard of
Lancers. Two other carriages brought the suite and atten-
dants. She was received by the Commander-in-Chief, Sir P.
Durham (who had the honour of escorting her on board the
Meteor), Sir T. Macmahon, Lord Adolphus Fitaclarenee,
Sir G. Sejmour, &c., and by all the naval captains and the
heads of the military department at this place. Her Majesty
was plainly dressed, and although thin, looked well. s,
soon as she had embarked on board the Meteor the royal
standard was hoisted, and she proceeded out to Spit head. The
Britannia, the Victory, and the Excellent, previously dressed
out with flags, manned yards, saluted her with twenty-one
guns, and cheered as the Meteor passed, as did likewise the
Edinburgh, the Pique, the Acteeon, and the Orestes at Spit-
head, as the Meteor passed them. The Messesger went out
to Spithead. with the retinue. At five the Hastings got wider
weigh, and proceeded to sea, attended by the two steam-ves -
sell. The Messenger will return after the Hastings is round
St. Helen's. The Meteor will accompany her to Gibraltar.
The Queen's arrival at Portsmouth drew tog( ther an immense
concourse of people, and we are most happy to state that she
was received with every possible demonstration of respect.
We should think that at a moderate computation at least
20,000 people were attracted to the Dock-yard and streets
through which the carriage passed, arid round the lines of
Portsmouth facing the sea. The people cheered enthusiast'
tally as she passed.

The restless spirit and daring enterprise' of the
people inhabiting the provinces along the sea coast of
the United States, have produced results unequalled
in the history of the world. They far surpass all that
we read in " Greek and Roman story," or in the
accounts of any colonies founded by the most power-
ful States under the most favourable circumstances,
No progress, in fact, as regards civilization in any
part of the globe can be compared to the rapid and
gigantic strides made within half a century by the.
descendants of emigrants and outcasts from the com-
munity of this little island. Within that period this
wonderful people have raised themselvis from the
rank of dependent colonists to a degree of wealth and
power which entitles them to be classed with
the most potent States in Europe ; they sur-
pass all save the Mother Country in navigation
and commerce—the principal sources of her
strength, and her they surpass; too, in the great-
ness of their undertakings for facilitating internal com-
merce, and bringing the productions of their vast and
rich country to the best market.. Much as they have
hitherto done on the east coast, they appear only to
be beginning when we look to the west. States that
sprung up but a few years ago, and which now con-
tain a population of three millions, are engaged in
constructing Canals and Railroads requiring vast ca-
pital, and to an extent which hardly any capital could
accomplish in this country. The following extract
from a report of the Committee of WayS and Means,
in the Legislature of New York, for this year, will
give our readers some idea of the vast resources and
enterprise of these new States, and afford them also
delight when they find that one of the great principles
on which these Governments are founded, is the abo-
lition of slavery for ever throughout all their domi-
nions. What with the emancipation of our negro po-
pulation in the West Indies—the proposed change in
the French colonies—and the growino hostility to sla-
very in the west and northern States of America, the
slave-breeders in Virginia and Carolina will soon find
themselves as comfortable as their friend Mr. O'CoN-
NELL wishes them :

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1838

POST-OFFWE ARRANGEMEN TS.

NOTICE.
General Post Office, ht Oct. 1838.
The Morning Mails are now despatched from London a
Half-past Ten o'C!ock, A.M.

The Letter Boxes at the Branch Offices Charing-cross,
Vere-street, and the Borough, will be open for the reception of
Newspapers until Ball-past .Eight o'clock, and for Letters
until Nine. At the General Post Office and the Branch
Office in Lombard-street, the Boxes will close for Newspapers
at Nine, and for Letters at a Quarter before Ten, A.M.
W. L. MAI3ERL Y, Secretary.
