MEDICAL REFORM ON ITS
PROPER FOOTING.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SlR—The paramount principle that " the public
safety should be the supreme law," decides at once the
duty of all government in reference to the medical pro-
fession. The moment a medical man is consulted life
wad limb are at his disposal—his practice is not exposed
to the knowledge, controul, or detection of public opi-
nion, or often of a third person. The invalid is igno-
rant of his state. Few drops or grains (too many) of a
medicine may be fatal. Insufficient skill or fraudu-
lent design are concealed from all checks. It is
also manifest that most invalids are weakened
in mind, and unfit to select proper aid. Indeed
old women in many cases recommend the Doctor. We
know that the public safety is provided for by laws which
regulate ships that carry passengers, carriages, preachers
in the street, &c. &c., yet the medical profession, abound-
ing with daggers is allowed to spread havoc and extor-
tion, and is sanctioned in so doing by late laws. Much
has been said as to grades of medical qualifications.
Bat there is no difficulty in settling this point. Were a
law proceeding necessary in a serious case of property
surely a barrister of full competency would be employed
to lay the ground work at first, and to conduct it. To
ensure the safety of passengers or goods at sea, surely a
a seaman of full competency is always employed, and
his attention henna to be constant, because the present
calm may suddenly alter, and a mariner of inferior
grade be unfit to contend with the storm, and
a wrong coarse may prove fatal. Serious disease
commences often with slight symptoms, occasioned by a
blast of cold wind, puncture by a thorn, or bad food ;
therefore full competency in the practitioner is neces-
sery at the onset, and all through the treatment. The
health and lives of children, females, and weak-minded
persons, ought not to be committed to the care of
practitioners of doubtful competency. The testimony
of a medical man in Courts of Justice is powerfully in-
fluential. Surely the person whose duties are of such
importance ought not to be of a low grade as to ability
or probity, yet in England the lowest qualification is
intrusted with the same power as the highest. A
few men of eminence profit by being at the head,
therefore sanction the abuse. But the cause of hu-
manity, of justice, and of science are outraged by such
incongruity. It is clear that one grade only, and that
of the highest, ought to be sanctioned by law; and as the
surgeon's practice is almost entirely medical, and the
patient perhaps suddenly attacked knows not the real
nature of his disease, and human existence is concerned,
the law ought to insist that the practitioners be skilled
in the whole art of healing. Were a board of exami-
ners, not teachers, or a few of them, to witness a can-
didate examining a few cases, and on the spot writing
down his view of them, and his remedies, &c., afterwards
to examine him in all the minutiae, bona fide qualifica-
tion could be readily ascertained, and all imposition
defeated. It is credited very generally that knowledge
of anatomy ensures competency, but this is a mistake.
A barren head may become acquainted with parts, &c.
by labour alone; like a ship-builder, whose minute know-
ledge of every part of a ship does not fit
him to navigate her. Menials in dissecting rooms have
become perfect anatomists. This attainment is valu-
able to a painter or sculptor, but does not, per se, qualify
the artist—it is only a portion of acquirement. Medical
practice requires a store of knowledge as to internal and
external influential workings of countless extent, and
often involved in mystery. This view shows that sur-
geons, qualified merely as anatomists and good opera-
tors, are very imperfect. Lithotomy:was performed for-
merly (by itinerant friars and others) dextrously, but
fatality oten attended, through want of the skill I have
just adverted tu. Distinction as an operator leads to
fame and fortune ; hence the demand for dead bodies,
upon which surgeons operate to become adroit. Such
is the rage in this way, that students will accompany
the vilest monsters at night to steal subjects. What a
preparation for their future duties, which require the
tenderest feelings and most conscientious services.
These evils are remediable only by recognising one class
as to acquirement ; respectability also should be kept
in view for obvious reasons ; none but of this class to
be eligible to public institutions, or to give evidence or
other services in legal matters relative to disease, or be
entitled to fees. Thus the lives of the public would
have as a fair chance of safety as their properly. Prac-
titioners duly entitled would get experience early, to the
advantage of the public and of science, whereas at pre-
sent those individuals are superseded by jacks of all
trades and masters of none. In a subsequent letter the
compounding and dispensing of medicines shall be no-
ticed. The system in this respect pursued in Germany
well deserves to be adopted, being most advantageous
to society, to science, and to those engaged in it. Were
dissections prohibited everywhere except at Colleges,
these being responsible bodies, and also to be prohibited
at hospitals, the most revolting barbarities would be
obviated ; this restriction not to extend to examinations
to ascertain the cause of death. It ought to be obliga-
tory on every student to spend their two first years dis-
secting under the College regulationa,which would afford,
sufficient opportunity for the legitimate number of prac-
titioners. The horrors which have attended, and many
of which still attend medical studies and practice—the
very serious nature of the duties—and the pecuniary
frauds on the industrious classes, call aloud for reform.
The barriers against ignorance and fraud, ought to be as
strong as the law would admit.
AN EXPERIENCED PRACTITIONER,
P.S. Were it insisted on in future that every one in-
tended for the profession should be recommended by
the University authorities, important benefits to society
would. result.
#4** Before the present Colleges were established
private teachers did much, and this regulation would
have been objectionable. The latter are now unne-
cessary and dangerously superfluous.

THE PRESS AT MALTA.

THE QUEEN AGAINST RICHARDSON.

- -
Mr. Richardson has been cited before the Royal
Court at Malta, upon a charge of having published in
his journal, The Harlequin, an article in contravention
of the liberty of the press.
Mr. BRUNO, the Counsel for the Crown, in his state-
ment in support cf the indictment, said that the liberty
of the press was allowed at Malta, but its abuse could
not be permitted. He then read the article which was
the cause of air. Richardson's being now at the bar, and
contended that the arguments in the article were directed
against religion, and that, therefore, the editor of The
Harlequin had rendered himself liable to the penalties
named in the above-mentioned ordinance.
Mr. GRIFFITHS, who appeared for the defendant, re-
marked upon the important consequences involved in
the decision of the Court, not only for the accused, but
tor public opinion in general. The proceeding against
Mr. Richardson evinced an anxiety to stifle in the bud
the concession made by the British Government. He
did not, he said, attribute the prosecution either to the
Counsel for the Crown or the Government, which had
shown itself liberal and generous ; but to the law which
ought to be made more clear and intelligible, instead of
being formed of forty pages of notes. Mr. Griffiths then
endeavoured to justify the article complained of, which
had arisen out of the ceremony which took place on lay-
ing the foundation of a Protestant Church, under the
patronage of the Queen Dowager.
The COURT, after some deliberation, declared Mr.
Richardson guilty of having contravened paragraph 6
of thes 3d section of the ordinance of the 14th of
March, 1839.

Mr. BRUNo said he should only call upon the Court
to apply the most lenient punishment, as this was the
first time that the new law was brought into operation.

The COURT condemned Mr. Richardson to six
months' imprisonment, but intimated that he might pay
a fine of 250 dollars instead. The printer and pub-
lisher were released.

THE TEA•PLANT, &c. OF ASSAM

The large quantities of Indian Rubber now imported
from Assam, and the experiments in iprogress to
raise tea in certain districts of that country, have given
an importance to it which will render the following de-
tails interesting. They are extracted from a pamphlet
with the prefixed title, which is composed chiefly from
the works of Capt. B. Pemberton. Mr. J. M'Cosh, Mr.
J. M'Clelland, and Parliamentary Papers :
Assam came under the British rule in the year 1823.
It was previously under the Burmese. It forms the
most eastern limits of her Majesty's dominions in India,
and is situated in the valley of the Brahmaputra River,
between the 91. and 96. of E. longitude, and the 26. and
29. of N. latitude. Its extreme length is estimated
at 360 miles, and its breadth varies from 20 to 70
degrees. The early inhabitants are said to have
emigrated from some mountainous countries on the
borders of China, in the 13th century. In 1665
the reigning Rajah of Assam became a convert to Hin-
dooisin, and in process of time the Assamese adopted
the language of Bengal. This proved fatal to the whole
race. Conspiracies and assassinations were crimes of
frequent occurrence ; the people became pusillanimous,
and greatly degenerated. Intestine feuds laid them
open to attacks from all quarters, till at length their
ruin was completed by the treachery of their avaricious
neighbours the Burmese, who, under pretence of re-
storing the country to order and prosperity, established
their own power, and reduced the natives to a condition
of abject slavery, subjecting them to the most barbarous
cruelties. _

We copy from the Atkencrum the general scheme of
the Committee of the Privy Council relative to the ap-
plication of the money voted by Parliament for the pur-
pose of promoting Education :
First, it is resolved to found a School, in which
canditates for the office of Teacher in Schools for the
poorer classes may, acquire the knowledge necessary
to the exercise of their future profession, and mad be
practised in the most approved methods of religious
and moral training and instruction. This school is to
include a Model School, in which children of all ages
from three to fourteen, may be taught and trained, in
sufficient numbers to form an Infant School, as well as
schools for children above seven. Religious instruc-
tion is to be considered as general and special. It is
to he combined with the whole matter of instruction,
and to regulate the entire system of discipline ; but
periods are to be set apart for such peculiar doctrinal
instruction as may be required for the religious train-
ing of the children. A Chaplain is to be appointed
to conduct the religious instruction of children
whose parents or guardians belong to the Esiablished
Church, but the parent or natural guardian of any
other child is to be permitted to secure the atten-
dancep
of the licensed Minister of his own persuasion,
at the period appointed for special religious instruc-
tion, in order to give such instruction
giveap such ;
h spe-
cial
artand a.
licensed minister is to be appointed to
religious instruction, whenever the number of
children in attendance on the Model School belong-
ing to any religious body dissenting from the Estab-
lished Church, is such as to appear to the Committee
to require such special provision. A portion of every
day is to be devoted to the reading of the Scriptures
in the school, under the general direction of the
Committee, and superintendence of the Rector. Ro-
man Catholics, if their parents or guardians require
it, to read their own version of the Scriptures, either
at the time fixed for reading the Scriptures, or at the
hour of special instruction. Instruction in industry
is to be included as a special department of the moral
training of the children, and such a character given to
the matter of instruction in the school as to keep it in
close relation with the condition of workmen and ser-
vants. Besides the physical training of the children in
various employments, such exercises are to be introduced
during the hours of recreation as will develope their
strength and activity', and the moral training of the chil-
dren is at all times to be attended to as an object of spe-
cial solicitude. In the Normal School apartments are to
be provided for the residence of the candidate teachers,
and the class-rooms so constructed as to afford the can-
didate teachers an opportunity of attending each class
in the Model School without distracting the attention
of the children or of the teacher. It is also resolved
to provide means for the instruction of the can-
didate teachers in the theory of their art, and for
furnishing them with whatever knowledge is necessary
for success in it. To appoint a Rector to give lec-
tures on the teethed and matter of instruction, and
on the whole art of training children of the poor ; to
examine the candidate teachers, &c., subject to the
rules of the Committee. The religious instruction of
the candidate teachers is to form an essential and
prominent element of their studies, and Co certificate
to be granted unless the authorized religious teacher
have previously attested his confidence in the character,
religious knowledge, and zeal of the candidate whose re-
ligious instruction he has superintended. The religious
instruction of all candidate teachers connected with the
Established Church to be committed to the Chaplain,
and the special religious instruction to be committed (in
any case in which a wish to that effect is expressed),
to the licensed Minister of the religious persuasion of the
candidate teacher, who is to attend the school at stated
periods, to assist and examine the candidate teachers in
their reading on religious subjects, and to
.afford them
spiritual advice. The candidate teachers in all other
respects to conform to such regulations of the entire
internal economy of the household as may be issued
by the Rector, with the approval of this Committee.
—lt is further resolved, that accommodation shall
be provided in the Model School for at least 450
children, who are to be lodged in the house, viz. 120
infants, 200 boys and girls receiving ordinary instruc-
tion, and 50 boys and 50 girls receiving superior
instruction, and 30 children probably absent from
sickness or other causes ; and to establish a day
school of 160 or 200 children, of all ages and both
sexes, in which the candidate teachers may realize
the application of the best methods of instruction,
under the limitations and obstructions which must
arise in a smelt village or toa n ay sailool.._
Respecting the gra.:ts herewfura made ,o
societies, it is decided, that a grant not exceeding bury.
