*ORTIIUMBERLA.ND EL ECTI ON.

NEwcAsTLE-vPoN-TYNE, I' Era. 21, E lei
o'Clok in the Evening,..-;—We hate this moment
received, by Eitpresss intelligence of the election
for Northumberland at A limit:lt. Ltet Ween the
hours of ten and eleven this morning, the High
Sheriff, J.:Oat:mum, Esq., appeared on the hust-
ings, and read the ViTit for proceeding to the
election of a Knight of the Shires in the room of
the late CHARLES JOHN BRA NDLINU, EST de-
tedsed. Jotter Cr.EORETr; Esq. of Harhott le
Castles in a neat speech, nominated the Hon.:
Ift.:l4llY THOMAS LI DUEL!, of Esslingtotts as a fit,
and proper person to represent the silt! county of
Northumberland in Parliament ; in which he was
seconded by WILLIAM Cr..t.nnE, Esq.; of Belford
and Wailsehda Sir CttAnt.cs Lon A INES of Kirk.;
harle, Bert., ptit in nomination MATTHEW BELL,
Esq., of ‘Vonisington, and Wes seconded by It:
A z;r.oooty, Esq., of Nunwick. The respective
Candidates then severally addressed the as.:
senibled freeholders, who attended in great nom=
hers. Mr. LinDELL's speed's tie understands
was deservedly admired for its relevancy to the
business of the day, and for the independent tone
it breathed throughout. He was loudly cheered
in different places as he went along: Mr. BELL'
nisi), we understands delivered himself in perti-
nent terms, and met with applause. Upon a skew
of hands, the number was decidedly in favour of
the Hon. Mr. LIDDELL, which being so declared
by the High Sheriffs MATTHEW BELL, Esq. de-
manded a polls which was proceeded in accord-:
ingly. The fretholderss we understand, were'
further addressed, in speeches of considerable
lengths by T. W. BrAtmoNt, Esq., the actual
Member for Northumberland, and Sir CnAtmuit
M. L. Motions Bart, of Delsay Castle, as well
as my Lord Howlett. All these honourable
Gentlemen, it would seem, by their ileclarationsi
are determined to come forward for the County .at
the nest General Elections as well as the two
present Candidates, so that no doubt can be en-
tertained but there will be very sharp work hi
and by. We regret exceedingly that we are li.:
tinted to a mere outline of these highly interest-
ing. proceedings at Alnwick, ()Whig to the almost
immedinte.departure of the mail. With regard to
the present contest, the general opinion certainly
Is, that the HEIR of RATENSWORIIII will be tri•
umphant. • For reasons that hate already beets
stated in THE SUN, he must be admitted to be
justly entitled to the honour of victory.

FUNERAL of the Zak C. J. BRANDLING, Eel., M.I.

The interment of the dead is at all times a
solemn. ceremony ; but the funeral of the late deeply laments d
Member for Northumberland, which took place on Friday the
10th Instant, at Gosforth Chutch, presented one of thoseaffect-
ing spectacles which make a deep impression upon the heart.
At a quarter-past two o'clock, the Procession Set taut from Goa.
forth House. 1t was beaded by two beadles with their staves,
rthil four mutes on horseback, in long cloaks. The iirausk
with the Body, drawn by tout black horses, in sable hour.
inks. Four mourning roaches and Pair. The chariot of
the Deceased drawn by four horseS. A train of twenty.fi,ie•
Gentlemen's carriages, about due half of which were drawn
by fours. (Amongst them were the etptipages of the Right
•Hopourable bord -Ravensworth,. the Honourable H. T. Lid-
dell;• Sir 11. Willionson, Sir Charles Monek,. Sir Charles
Loraine, Sir M. W. Ridley, Baronets; Matthew BM, Charles
Clatiering, William Russells Esquires, ac. Amongst the car.:
ridges and pair were thOse Of W. Linskill, Charles W. Biggei
Dixon Elton, •R. Burden N. Clayton,. Esquires, 1)r. Head.
Are.)
The,.cArriagett were folloWed by 40 tenants on horseback,
with rich silk scarfs. Four mutes as before.
This dosed the Procession its it set out h•om the Hall. In a
small Plantation, just before entering the Park, Wm. Woods,
the Adjutant of the Northumberland and Newcastle
Volunteer Cavalry, was in attendance on horseback, with abotif
twenty Members of the Newcastle Troop, all in inournink—,
'Pheselleritlemen, as the Hearse passed by them, uncovered;
and seemed deeply affected on paying this last solemn salute to
a Chief win) had endeared himself to them by innumerable
acts of kindness and friendship. After the Procession had
paiised, this little band of Patriots fell in, anti constituted the
rear di vision of • this truly mottrnful Cortege, which extended:
nearly the third-of a mile in length.
At about 3 o'clock the Protessitin Teethed Onsforth Church,
where the Rev. John Walker was in attendance, and performed
the' funetal service.i

- -
The following gentlemen the palLbearent, C. 51:
Mona.% Sir CI hotaine4 Sir 111, W. Maley, ALP. Baronets;
R. J. Lambton, C. W. Dim, C. Clavering, Esquires.
Cuict 516i11114E1M—The Rev. R. H. Brandling, joint
Brandling. R. \V. Branding, ;Matthew Bell, Wm.
Rowland Bunion, Thomas Creevey, 11. Wentworth, Charlssi
Ogle, tind --- raw-keit, Esquires.
The fidhiwing gentleman also followed In series and ,hat,
bands t--The Hon. General (hey, Sir Hedworth •
Colonel O'Calhtgllan, 111. lo Lieutenant.Conel Bell, henry'Hewitson, Henry Richard Lambert, Nathaniel Clayton,.
John. Clayton, Thomas 61talon, anti Mon Dixon, Esquires,.
Dr. Ileadlam, William Moore., William !Amine, and John
bambton Loraine, I:lBquins, Messrs. J. B, PeantOti, thlke, Car
11111, Wm. Selby, and JOB. Hindman+.
The body was deposited in the church-lard, in a new family
vault, about six Yards square, constructet of stone, with par.:
titian of the same.

BVONAPAItTE'S Itt ltonSto Wher6
Ilttorweau'er. resided is now converted into a granary. The
atawing-room in which he tiled hits a thrashing machine in it ;
his billiard.room is filled With potatoes and straw, and his bath
is a stable. The new house intended for him is situated about)
200 yards below the old one, and is completely sheltered from
the S. E. trade.wind, which they so much complained of. It
is a handsome and commtalions building, and fitted up in is
simple but elegant style, the furniture exactly corresponding
with the building. The house forms a quadrangle with w
square court in the centre, and an archway Owl* N. E,
W
to S.W. The building fronts the N..,, ant extensive
lawn in front. The gardens are laid out very tastefully, and
every thing seems to have been studied that could add to the
great man is comfort. His new house would have been ready
for him in u few weeks,. when he died. He lies buried it the
brad of a deep ravine, about 100 yards to the left, at three miles
distance from St. James's Town, an the road to Longwood% qt
ataall vat of ground (about a quarter of a acre), covered .vr
Engbolt grass, and surrounded- by a tr(Tpg OMIT Irvie'rl
Seven weeping.willows hang over his grave, whr ge 'tee
with a plain etnne slab, surrounded by iron Ce't•onenoti
high. Inside of this waned the small flowors, Fu' Ili,. I zi
were ),laced by .11adatue Bertrana; but I:e,veoert.V,,,, gain t
401dier Tts id e near, and liasordet,loPrlrer! rawly
inside, in consequence of some rrelicoan'cht„4 from the winows
been there having taken air pieverm nuona.larte was
sar,
ax ImaneyitOONheir firmer stov,aletili.e,litith,
and
often
retire
Igtirct to
it :1:1:1:11."11:4 what' 3tl
of the
:et) Zee: awi
") r"' 'ittl""Pmit the tinily
anti shaded b tht.'t gta
L 1
l'irt;tlttlieeti)t,lllteg: 11,!14:114111? eL,f J41'71 t woad mit permi.rc if
t his
it to be vouveyett to Europe. His heart is placed upon hiw
coffin, In a tithe urn. owner or the land receives U. from
Goverment during the time the body remains these.

PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF LORDS, FEL 22.

A person from Chelsea Hospital presented an account of the
Unclaimed Arrears of Awry Prire-rnoney ; and another, from
the Carnatic Commissioners, presented the 22d Report of those
Commissioners, and- the 2d of the Tanjore.
Petitions fer the Abolition of Slavery were presented by the
Alarquis of Art,EsnuttY, from Marlborough, m Wiltshire ; ley
Earlor. tt , from Wellingborough, in 'Northamptonshire ;
antiliy the Earl of -lIAL ItOwnv, from the county of. Lei-
cester. In this last petition, the Noble Earl ob-
served that rt wat4 signed:by the Sheriff,- in the name of a very
.respectable meeting ; but, 'upon inquiry, he found that such
a signature was wt-sufficient to enable him to present it as
the. petition of the whole meeting. The ttstiettibly !Weft iieveed
it, tie pptition not being a corporate body, it (mold onty be
nceived froat, the intlivi,lnal who had sigoeti

HOUSE OF COMMONS

• .
Papers Prot o Chilica Hospital were brought lip, as was also
a report. frooi the Carnatic wire ordered
to 1.)0 piinted.

AIM:WA:TB HARBOUR.
41:1 the motion or' Sir ki. EN.vrcttou r.t., leave wag given
to bring in Mil tier the establishment of a Joint Smelt Cott.
parry .for,eltiansing and. repairing the. Eirirboiir of Margate;
and .also for paving, lighting, and improving Margate town.
;LONDON
Mr. Alderman W 001) brought up the report of the lon.
don ilridge Bill Committee. It stated that the standing orders
had not been complical with.
TRADE.
Mr. IitACKBIJRNE presented a petition from the silk.
throwsters of Manchester and its neighbourhood, and another
from the weavers of the same town, against the importation of
foreign '
Mr. DICKINSON' presented a similar petition from MIL
bourne.

A similar petition from several silk-throwsters in Somerset.
shire was presented by Sit T. LEI hiIIDGE.
'•••NEtiRO4•BI4AVERY. _

Petitions for Lhoab,)iitioniCf neiroslavery in our colonien,
Were pteseattd by Mr. DENISON' from Dorking, and by Lord
LOWTICEIt, from Penrith.
‘STI.I)Ot' PENSIONS. _ _

Sir F. OMMANEY moved for a return of the number of
persons who" had applied at the Admiralty, or Treasury, to
be placed. on the Writlows' Pension List, as the widows of as-
angina-surgeons from 1803,t0 1025:
After a kw words from the Speaker, br. Phillimore, and Sir
Ornmaney, the lion. Member agreed to defer the motion
until it should be ascertained whether Ministers were likely to
resent to the production of these Iteturos
After some of the Ministers had taken their places, the mo-
tion:vitt mane' anti agreed to. •
SSIA LL NOTES BILL.

Mr. CALCRAiirkgaWnotice,ihtit on the bringing up of the
report of the Small Noteralill, he would move that the exten-
sion of the time now proposed to be granted to the Bank of
England for i4lsning It. and, 21. notes, should also be allowed
to the country Imnks.--,(1-lear, hear wished also to im-
press on the !louse the necessity of issuing commercial Exche-
quer Billsut the present period'; but whether that object were
accomplished by .a.,seperate clause in this Bill or otherwise, he
was not prepared to sato.
Mr, BANK ES presented ai petition from Stockbridge, against
the importation, of foreign silk,.

TORACcO TRADE..
INERT presented a petition from the dealers in
ant.FManufacturers of Tobacco. and Snuff in London, West- '
minster, and Southwark, praying thr a'reduction of the duties
on those articles for the purpose of chucking (licit trade.
Mr.' MINNEVr said that last year several petitions were
laid on the table. of the Rouse, praying for a reduction of the
duties on,,tchaeco, by which, at was Then stated, the consump-
tion and the revenue would be considerably increased. The re.,
tarns that lead sines been laid b'efore the House had proved
the correctness of that statement. lie would wish to learn from
the Chtvccllor of the Exchequer whether the dealers in tobacco
were called upon this yearfor the Is. duty proposed to be re.
etuced last year?
:After aitow words from Mr. Alderman Tit omPSON, which
were not heard in the gallery, . .
Sir It. FEttt;USSON said, it would hi; coat satisfactory to
the dealers in those articles to knew what were the Intenttona
.of his Majesty's Ai Misters on the subject
The CHA NCELLOR of the EXAM EglifOt repeated
what he had said in answer' fn. similar question on a former
evening—that it would be better note' n, go now into any partial
details on particular branchos of the revenue. Ile would.there.
fore reServeliimielf until lie 'brought the whole bubject of the
duties nhilei the consideration Of the House.

The pc tition was then brought tip, and ordered to be printed.
I):IAV;',3ON brought up a Belot t relating to pAroehial
education; in Seothir,cl.
Colonel CAVE:NO/1811 presenteti. tt potition from Derby,
praying tor the abolition of negro slay.
Into VIIST held iu hiS hand a petition front
ccster, the lutpOrtatitil of French gloves, but? on his
tootle being ce:lled.hy the Si v.. iit, .he begged to decline pre-
tienting it, in 11.-0...ce to tlic p ~,,..onerm, in the then thin tstato itt
tta;:-11.ouse',
On the motion of ,Alr. ; iti,c leave was given to
bring in a Bill to au, i iiti, the dimpoNal, by tole or otlicrwisC,
of unacc:•;,:iary pti I ;uol Wales.
Alt. C. Ai' YNN ovm.:,. pursuant folds notice, for
leave to brin;.. :o al lidl to and reform the regulations of
law notv iA ey. tvi:b r.l,peet to the colistitiition of Juries
in 'obit. It ( a.c II I:only!) that inattyladvantages had been
imparted to tilt: ::,.tiler,, frOM tibia to tiFROS, b 0 ON to place them
on the upart,t !noting of c.tluulity with
.4rltliih born
sabets. Jonsy had existed :with reNiteet to intro-
ducing the natl+,,:s generally on )uric;~. According, there-
fore, to the prd,:tice, pormoos so, iioalified were but few
in number i.i eOmparkon, nntl those principally ,liuropeans. A
great iitioilo:r of ilk: i.wq disprJcsl and inimt resetttable part 01'
ttk, popabi,(l6ll or wati stilt ex,rbitic,a, lie Meant tlioSe
who drcw p4reiltugc Of Natives and
Ettropelnis, 11a1f Another considerable'
proportion of Li, poptiation etiosisted of the illegitimate classes
of society in India. it wan llot flow to are* any in-
vittions tiktinction,ltetweeo onY chi...A to eligibility
to ant as Jurors in the But its it general re-
medy flir the .gtievat,ett "1' beielg t:',(•lttclt.tl frcai Juries OR BUY
pretest, it ityati, bib intontioti by the hill he Was about
to intmluce„tlutt evury perton of tnis ixed population, pro-,
vide& they werd geed and sufficient Well in other respacts,
should be eligible to NL-tiie as`a Juror who was a Christian. Ile
hatild for. thel)Tet eat. CkAlk:1)1. fiirh. ,11 with iiloving for leave to
bring in, a fill (ti..-' tlctallsof which be would in due time
sithintitO the lionse), fcsr altering anti artiettding the constitu-
tion of Juries in India, and. the qualification of Jurors itt Our
lis%t Indian postiession.7t-(tiear !),
Leave wttagiveis to bring in (he Bill.
Mr. CALcit,trr its the abienee of his Right ilon.Priend
(Sir J. Newport) postponed his nuttko Irish affairs to the
7th of Ilarch. Ile then bcg,ged to allude to an expression
which had been attributod to him in the debate of a former
relatiVe to the fact of some who were officers on the half
pay of the Navy, having enttred,into thou Church and being al-
lowed contrary to law, toal the tenor or their own affidavits, to
draw their half-pay. Ile now had it in his power to assure
the !louse, that the feet. though controverted, was as he bad
stated.

Mr.' DOWILAS denied the fact to be as stated, and said he
Should be glad to.come to issue with the Hon. Member on the
subjoct,
Mr. CA I,CRA FT said, he would undertake to prove it be-
fore tia: Iloard.of Admiralty if required to do so.
Mr. DonotAs explained.
liaonnLx brought up the Report of the ExelteqUer
Bills' rill, which was agreed to. Alse the Report of the West
India tAcrgy Bill; which was also agreed to.
The Apnual Indemnity Bill, was read a third time and
proSed,
-1013TH AMERICAN Ta.NATY.

The t triter of the Day , for the Second Reeding of the South
Anierin Treaty Bill being reed,
mr. ROBERTSON begged the attention of the flouse to
condu,t of He INlejesty*fi Government with respect to the
it of the cmpire. They lied sacrificed iti-
t„nfly loiteh to a dangeroutt delusion, tuvrely that of violet-
r the -N,,iiigatio II Laws tV hiCh hitherto protected our eariying
all over Ow ivorhi, in order to found on it the new 3yo-
ree 7,alations of Commerce bud not only
= • • , trade but to the ports of un olti
, • • •
rtv
. intriSUCtiOns, the uutch. They,
.:; which affected their interests with
, • • sooner perceived that Englund
Foreign Salt, than they repealed the
• n favour of Brittsh Commerce.
• Buenos Ayres, our Ministers bud
• fon.“.gn to the constitution of
‘i'; " • ! " erm , itted the import of goods of
. ,ly of that but other States. Simi-
.; been entered into between
I". • f Colombia, which must open
strangers es it was notoriously the

fact, that the rights of citizenship would be acquired in Colom-i
bia by a week's residence. Ile would have been much better
satisfied had he had an opportunity of making these statements
in the presence of the Right Honourable the President of the
Board of Trade, but even in his absence he felthimself bound
to make them. ~
Sir ROBERT H. INGLIS rose not to follow the Ilen.Gen-
tleman (the Member for Grampound) in his observations on the
commercial points on the Colombian Treaty, which alone, as:he
was willing to admit, were formally and technically before the
House, and as little to object to that treaty :generally, but to
take this opportunity of calling to the attention of the House
one article in it which to hint appeared to involve interests far
higher than, those of any commerce, and to commit the chit-
reeler of the country and the cause of religion. The article
to which he referred was the 12th, which stipulates that the
Colombians, reeitient in England, shall be entitled to ex-
ercise their worship in public and in private with most full
and ample toleration ; while it stipulates that the English,
resident in Colombia, shall be permitted to exercise their
religion In their own houses only. In reference to the first
point, he, as an Englishman, felt almost degraded that at
this day toleration should be granted to a Colombian arriving
here ; as if it were a new boon ; as if it were in the power lir
the negociators to give it, or to withhold it ; as it' it were not
almost a chemical ingredient in the air of England. But Mint
is the reciprocal advantage obtained by England ? The reci-
procity, as was said In the American war, Is all on one side t
the English residents in Colombia are permitted to worship
God in their own houses. Every other article in the Treaty
gives some benefit to one party, and some corresponding be-
nefit to the other.
" Grove nods at grove, each alley has its brother."
But here there is a most lame and impotent conclusion ; the
Colombian is to enjoy, as be ought, the fullest and freest
excx-
else of his religion here, at free as any other Roman Catholic ;
the Englishman is to have the free exercise of his religion in
hieownimuse. The truth is, that the Colombian Government,
has mocked me as the English negociators mocked them. Both
have granted what they could not withhold. It it he said that
there was a law in Colombia preventing any assemblage in
private houses for religious purposes, and therefore that some,
thing was gained as to that point by this Treaty, he denied the
fact ; because by the Constitution of that State, there is no pro-
vision made for the exclusion of any one religion. If' it be
said that though there is no such law, yet that in practice Eng-
lish merchants have been disturbed in assembling at each
other's houses, he denied the fact as to Colombia, and doubted
it as to any Wirer part of Spanish America. So much for what
hits been done; tot to what might have been done, he would con-
sider first the circumstances of the state of Colombia itself, and
then the precedent of Buenos Ayres. There were many cir-
cumstances of the state of Colombia peculiarly favourable as it
appeared to the admission of religions toleration. In the first
place there was the silence of the Constitution as to any exclu-
sive religion in the State ; in the next, there was the personal.'
character of the great man who founded and who defends that
Constitutions; who, high as he is in talents and servicee end Ms,
interested virtue, is not less high in the estimation of Europe
and America for his liberal and enlightened support of every
good object. lie begun his career by the abolition of slavery ;
and set the example by the emancipation of his own slaves ; lie
has now been encouraging univeral education. In the third
place, the character of those who administer the flovernment
an his absence, is equally favourable to liberal views. The
House will recollect that this Treaty is signed at Bogota on the
111th of last April ; one of the Plenipotentiaries being Don
Pedro °eel, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. On
the 4th of that same April, there was satisfaction in the same
city, a Bible Society, under the Presidency of the same Secre-
tory of State. The meeting was very numerously attended ;
and, though the object was opposed by two very respectable
Ecclesiastics, their opposition was overcome, anti the Society
was finally established. It is a minor fact, but tint Intim.'
portatit, as showing the state of the public mind anti public
opinion, that the Secretary of the new Society had been Se-
cretary to the Inquisition, snd the place of the meetiv of
the Society is the former Hell of the Inquisition. This 18 at
least proof that the public mind WAS more prepored for libe-
rality than might have been expected from the results of, this
treaty. lie did not blame the talents, the firmness, the zeal of'
the Plenipotentiaries; but he thought that he had said enough to
prove that something was wanting somewhere to have led to ,hi 3
result. Ile was sure that it was not owing to any defect in the
instructions of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, whose
large and enlightened policy had been so often and nllllOOBO
unanitnouely approved in this House. But this was tot :lie
had :teen yesterday a Bogota newspaper, expressiusuthetfeel.
Inge which the treaty ,of Lngland with Buenos Ayes
cited in Colombia:--they regretted, referring to the 'Aeoletation
secured by that Treaty, that another State had raYislic4
them the glory of taking precedence in religiooceohnsatiorei,
they trust, however, that the example of a State eviehettlrelOorte
religion, language, laws, and prejudices with dud Otti, will be
followed by thenky an example winch roves to tint unieerlatitat
the people of Buenos Ayres, after having gabled eleeirfeeederti
know how to make use of it. This, indeed, is pot the leogooge
of a State Paper, or of an Act of Congress, it is merely the
language of' a newspaper, but a newspaper at Bogota, as at
London, must, tiebe eucceeetultspeak the languegetondrepre-
lent the feelinge of a great body of people. When, therefore,
• he considered these favourable indications—the absence from the
Comitieutionef. Colombia of tiny exclusion of toleration ; the
penional character of Bolivar, in favour of all liberality.; the
personal character of some of those who administer the govern-
ment in his absence, and the sympathy of' the people of Colombia
with that liberality, as proved :by the paesage,.quoted, it is, (life
licult not te,eee that it printa facie core ie established to justify
considerable surprise at the result of this Treaty. This was
more remarkable when the precedent of Buenos Ayres was re.
meinbered. ~There he found iii die TroatyiOth that. Power the
mot ample Toleratioe established, If, therefore, the same
nipotentiarles who had been successful in Buenos Ayres had
been employed in Bowel', the same results might perhaps have
been obtained. He r.un; thatitOJOStruetion could have been
wanking on the part oft he Secretary of State fur Foreign Affairs.
Ile did .
threat,, not wish him to. have interposed in this negociation
with any ler, atill less vela chitreality, of war, if the object
were not obtained, Buteenotigh bad been here said to shew
how, le balence- in Colotthia was wavering, and though ho
would not have wished the Right Hon. Gentleman to have
thrown his sword into it, lie should have thought that the ba.
lances aught have been turned by his perk. The time at which
this failureetook place adds to the regret which it occasions. It
Was just at the tune Whon4ho Pone,:whoseiinfluence in the
Trans. Atlantic States had been declining, was endeavouring by
his letters to recover that influence there. Those 'more especially
Who have contended that the Church of Rome has changed,
ought to look with more than ordiorieyregret at this refusal on
the part pf Colombia to grant Tolentuoin—a COlnteslloll which
miht appear front an uniny eircumettinces Si, have been attain-
able. I r the consideration of tins question were to close here,
he would b/tYp been content to read the Treaty in silent mord-
fication ; but it we 3 tint merely the duty of the House to consi-
der what had been done, and what,rnight have been done, but
eleo what remained to be done. There were still four States to
be reeognized—Chili, Peru, finatimala, and Hayti; besides
Mexico and the lkrazil,, the Treaties with which, thou fit
preeress, were not ratified. in these cases, be trusted- that
the
.tight elenalentleinen would secure for the British sub.
jests the benent4 tbak toleretion heti been lust
• Colembla. •
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was sorry his
Right Hon. Friend, by whim adeko the Treaty was concluded,
was, not present nits he lout no doubt that full information would
have been afforded by him why this point had not been praised
both in Buenos Ayres end Colombia. Although, as lie had
Said, the Government might have been even disposed to make
tt more liberal concession as to toleration, still itenight not fol-
low that the populace might not have been still averse to so vio-
lent an exteneion.of religious privileges.: It• was a matter of
congratulation to all :who bad known any thing of the state of'
affairs antecedently in dome countries to find that even so much
had been gained. Ile could not sit down without remarking,
that it was rather singular the Horn Memlierirwelitzru spokeplinrsitt
should not, in, his anxiety fair introducing ari
of. complete Toleretion into Catholic States, 'have turned his
thoughte nearer home, and suggested rattier than retaided ion
adoption in a certain Protestant country.---(Hear, and laughter.)
Mr. DIVI'NO, its a Member of the Committee of Fmeign
Trade, felt himself called on to assure the House that mallow
bad beets neglected en the, part of the Committee to secure a
just reciprocity of advantages to England in site Treaty heron!
the House; nor could he believe dint the stone ohject had for
a moment escaped the obeervation Of that part of his Mitjesty's
Ministers, to Whose province those commervod arrengetnehts in
strictnetei bC10112,10.
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be
committed to-morrow. •

Mr. lir:hums: presented the Miscellaneous -Estiniates for
the year 1112(, which were ordered to be printed.--• Adjourned
tit Six o'Clock.

By u Return presented to-the HouSo Of Corn.
mons, it appears that the total number of acres
under hop cultivation in' Great Britain, last year,
Was 46,718. Of this amount, 12,244 beloriged
to the Itoi;l►ester collection ; 7,940 to the CO.;
terbury ; and .P 2,083 to the Hereford collection.
The total duty collected Was 42,2901.

The Ot.YmPtc THEATRE is announced for
Public Sale on Monday nexti much competition
in. the Theatrical World is expected.
