MINING INTELLIGENCE.

• A most intelligent Gentleman, now in Jamaica,
gives us the following information on the subject of the
South American Mines. His three Letters are dated
at the end of February and beginning of March :

" We seem to get nothing positive • about the success of the 1
mining operations in Mexico, from which I draw the conclusion
that nothing very great has yet been thine.
" The Congress of Panama, I suppose, is sitting by this time ;
what it will produce remains to be proved. Cuba cannot remain
unconcerned at this congregation of Deputies, who would all re-
joice at seeing her, in someway, free of the Mother Country.—
It is thought the Mexicans would continue the system of slavery
now practised there, if the island were to declare itself a part of
that Republic. The Columbians, on the contrary, are decisive for
general emancipation, reckless of consequences.
" The Spaniards are on the alert, and have ample means to repel
any expedition that Columbia and Mexico can, at present, send
against them."

" From very good authority, that of an intelligent person some
time in Mexico, whp was on good terms with Mr. Ward, known
to Mr. Monier, and most of the Mexican persons in authority, I
learn that the Mining Companies puffed forth in London are all
going on rapidly to ruin ; in short, .that the whole scheme is a
wretched humbug. That the' Mexican Mines' are the only ones
likely to yield profit, or if the others were to become profitable,
the roads from them would be beset by robbers. This Gentleman
represents the Mexican Ministeeti as an ignorant, besotted set,
yielding all to Pomnsett, the American Minister, but discussing and
rejecting moot of the objects sought for by our Government,'...,'
ti There is another Company, called the United Mexican Com-
pany,' also spoken well of, but for success it will require a com-
bination of fortunate circumstances not likely to be found to-
gether :—much perseverance and more money. The Countess of
Regla, when asked by the Gentleman from • horn I derive my
intelligence, and which is corroborated from other sources in
most points, why the Count had sold certain mines (I think those
of the Real Monte) replied why, because to be sure he knew they
were worth nothing. Those of which report speaks favourably,
are indebted for their character to the skill and prudence of the
persons in. management, their hitherto small expences as com-
pared with other Companies, and the hope that as their posses-
sions are in a virgin soil in the neighbourhood of where immense
mineral richeshave been obtained, they may strike on a productive
shaft; but, after all, the expense and difficulties of getting the ma-
chinery over the mountainous country, are beyond all calculation ;
for instance, which I know to be fact, some sledge hammers that
cost 10s. in England, required a sum of 40 dollars for their con-
veyance to their destination."
