justice, Parliament can again interfere. The
Bubble Act Amendment Bill was also read a second
time. The Earl of Lauderdale, who has been
anxious to signalize himself this Session by his
opposition to almost every kind of commercial
undertaking, shortly expressed his disapproba-
tion of the Bill, on the ground that " it encou-
raged monopolies, which were destructive of
individual enterprise." Now, this we take leave
to say is entirely a mistaken view of the subject.
The Bubble Act is an absurd and unintelligible
statute. Its repeal can have no tendency to" en-
courage monopolies." It will only leave com-
merce free to the exertions of all parties who
may choose, individually or collectively, to ap-
ply themselves to any pursuit which may in their
opinion hold out a reasonable prospect of advan-;
tage. If it were proposed to restrict any branch
of trade to any particular joint-stock company,
a monopoly dangerous in consequence and odious
in principle would be created ; but no such tle-
sign is entertained. Fraudulent schemes may
still be punished by the common law, and that
is quite sufficient to meet all the cases of that
character which can arise.

[MORNING HER.% T.D.I
The New World seems destined to produce in
the short space of half a century, two individual
examples of disinterested ambition, political vir-
tue, and patriotism, for which there is scarcely a
precedent in the history of the Old. If Boli-
var's be riot a mask—and this can hardly be,
or his real features would have revealed them.
selves through it in so many years and occasions,
and if he seals the independence of his country with
its freedom also, his merit will be regarded as
more shining than Washington's. That Wiishing-
ton was incorrupt there can be no doubt ; but
it is very doubtful indeed, considering his per-
sonal avarice, whether he would in the situations
of Bolivar put away the twice offered million of
dollars, as a recompence of public services, from
the Congress of Peru. His political moderation
also was not so temptingly tried—always sup-
posing that Bolivar does not fall from his emi-
nence. Washington was not without vigilant and
jealous competitors and equals. He had to deal
%%ith a community, which inherited the love of
freedom—his power was never without limita-
tion. Bolivar commands without rival, and has
to do with a vast population, which an ambitious
usurper could easily cheat into slavery under a
show of lilaerty. It is true that in Peru he is in-
vested with a Dictatorship. This, however, is
obviously the result, not of personal ambi-
tion, but of the public coufidence, and the
exigencies of the country in whose service he
is engaged, and the stability of his authority
at home, during his absence, shows that
there he is above both rivalry and distrust.—
Washington and Bolivar, if inferior in genius to
Cromwell and Buonaparte, give to America, over
Europe, the better palm of virtue and modera-
tion. The personal character of Bolivar is now
more interesting than ever. There is no longer
a possibility of America being other than inde-
pendent, and the only hazard is whether she shall
be free. The same United States papers which
announce his successes and honours in Peru, men-
Lion a story of the occupation of Cuba and Porto-
Rico by the French, on the same terms as their
occupation of Cadiz. But most likely it is but
a story. If there be wisdom in the prophecies of
the A bbe de Pradt, Cuba must soon become, not
the prey of any foreign power, but an integral
member of the independent Federation of America.

[MORNING CIIRONICLE.I
The Money Market opened heavily yesterday
morning. Consols for Account 91+ ; they imme-
diately fell to 91i, and closed at 9182. The re.
ports circulated during the fluctuations in the
Funds were the occupation of the Spanish West
India Islands by the combined forces Of France
and Spain ; " bad news from India ;" " alarming
intelligence from Ireland ;" %Jiff' others equally
true and surprising. In the Foreign there were
also considerable alterations ; Colombian Bonds,
which on Monday were 881, were yesterday 87+;
Mexican Scrip, on Monday, If dis., yesterday,
22 dis.; Spanish Bonds fluctuated violently, open-
ing at ‘2.(21.. falling to 21i, and fluctuating about
21i and 22.-1 n the Share Market there was
little business done yesterday, and no variation
in the prices worth noticing.

r: F. PUBLIC LEDGER.]
Yesterday there was an arrival of Rio Janeiro
Papers to the 16th tilt. Their contents, how.
ever, are wholly uninteresting, from which it
may be safely inferred that every thiug was pro-
L ceeding quietly, and even prosperously. There
are fiery spirits enough in Brazil, who Nt ould
make the Government soon feel the couse-
; quences of any indiscretion, much more of a
systematic misconduct. When that country,
therefore, presents a tranquil aspect, it is a
proof that the character of the public admi-
nistration gives general satisfaction. These Pa-
pers speak, however, of disturbances, Occasion-
ed by the prejudice. which the Briiilians
feel towards the natives of Portugal who are
settled and naturalized amongst them. But it
was extinguished as soon as it was ascertained
that tioops were marching towards the place
where they had broken out. It will be seen,
from a paragraph in another part of our paper,
that the Admiral of Brazil, our gallant coun-
tryman, Lord Cochrane, has arrived at Ports-
mouth. The object of his visit is, riot of a
political character ; and it does not appear to
have been contemplated by himself, till he was
driven by stress of weather as far as the Azores.
Being then so near a country, which must ()col-
OY the first place in his affections, not withstand.
ing the harsh treatment he had latterly received
there, lie could not, it would appear, resist
the wish of seeing it again ; and the damage
his vessel had sustained, furnished him with a
plausible pretext for gratifying it. During his
absence, he has upheld the high professional
reputation he had acquired in our service
and what is more, he materially promoted
British interests, by his powerful interests to con-
solidate the independence of the New Wodd.
We have therefore no doubt but his reception
will be commensurate with his profclsional tele,
brity ; and we wish ournaval heroes were ffought

of a little more, in the distribution of Govern•
ment honours. We should have no objection to
see a naval review now and then, as well as a
military one ; for it would be bad taste, as well
as bad policy, to neglect the " wooden walls of
old England," and throw our gallant Tars into
the back ground.

[MORNING POST.]

In the House of Peers last night the Bill for
abolishing Writs of Error was read a second
time, on the motion of the Earl of Liverpool, who
declared that " such a system of sham proceed-
ings was a fraud on the law and a disgrace to the
country." The Lord Chancellor was of a diffe-
rent opinion ; and, though he abstained from op-
posing the measure, he expressed his conviction
" that it was likely to produce a much greater evil
than that which it was intended to remove." The
Bill for repealing the Gth Geo. I. commonly called
the Bubble Act, was also read a second time, on
the motion of the Earl of Liverpool, who stated
that its object was not merely to abolish the
Bubble Act, which had been a dead letter since
the time of its passing, but to enable the Crown
to grant qualified Charters, i►►stead of the unli-
mited Charters, which alone, it had hitherto been
imagined, it was legally in his power to grant.
The Noble Earl also thought that there was
no danger whatever to be apprehended from
Joint Stock Companies if they were left to them-
selves, and no Parliamentary favours were bestow-
edupon them; but the best mode in which they could
exist was by Charter from the Crown. The Lord
Chancellor recommended the addition of a clause
or of a few words to the Bill, to declare that al-
though the act of George I. was repealed, the
Common Law of the Land which prohibited the
very same things as that Act, continued in full
force and operation. In the Commons the holiness
of Mr. Kenrick was again made the subject of dis-
cussion. But that Gentleman having sent a Pe-
tition praying for a postponement of the case of
Franks, on the ground of his not having had.
time to consult with Counsel or to prepare
evidence, the examination was put off till the
next Session, and the House decided that there
was no occasion for the adoption of any measure
with respect to the first case.—The Bill for re-
gulating the law of Merchant and Factor was
read a third time and passed.-0 wing to the un-
expected business which has come before the
House of Commons, its adjournment for a few
days will not take place till to-morrow. Wed-
nesday next is the day now fixed for the Pro-
rogation.

Letter•, we are extremely sorry to say, have
been received, announcing the untimely death of the son of Dr.
RyDE a, Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, by the upsetting
of a boat in the Mediterranean. There were six men with Mr.
Ryder in the boat at the time the sad accident happened, the
whole of whom were drowned.

A Berlin Journal of the 13th instant says—We
have good authority for stating, that the necessary arrang-
meats towards the establishment of a National Bank are agreed
upon, a considerable modification of the original plan will be
adopted.

'there was another very serious conflagration
at Bourdeaux on the 12th inst., which destroyed the extensive
Sugar-refinery of M. hafitte. and all his stock, which was con-
siderable, two adjoining houses also received a great deal of
damage.
__

ACcording to Commercial Letters from St.
Petersburgh, under date of the 4th instant, permission had been
granted• to the merchants to import foreign merchandize into
Bessarabia, by the port of Kerlish, on the Danube.
The Captain of a Liverpool vessel, in a letter
dated New Orleans, 27th April, says, that he took out sir game
coda, and cleared by the sate of them 400 per cent. One of
'them, which he judiciously named La Fayette, sold for eigh-
teen dollars !

A Bill, enabling the Marquis of QUEEN BERRY
to dispose of certain portions of his estate, has received the
sanction of Parliament.

wo large steam vessels, intended to ply be-
tween Liverpool and Carlisle, are now building at Holyhead, in
the new vard of 'Messrs. Grayson, Hewson, and Co., late of
Livarpooi. . _ _

A:fine vein of iron-stone has recently been
discovered in the Beam Woods adjoining the city of Canter-
bury ; some of it is beautifully impregnated with quartz crys-
tals. In the opinion of practical men it might be smelted with
advantage. _ _

The crops around Edinburgh, by the, concur-
rent testimony of Agriculturists, were never at this season of
the year more luxuriant and promising; the wheats are gene.
rally bursting the ear. One field in the neighbourhood of
Musselhurgh is in bloom. Numbers of bee-hives have thrown
oft' swarms within the last eight days. At Tyrningl'am, in
East Lothian, should the weather continue favourable, the cut-
ting of barley will commence next month.
SAINT SWITHIN.—This Saint succeeded to the
Bishoprick of Winchester, upon the demise of Helmstan, in
852, and held it till his death in 868. According to his own
desire, he was buried in the church-yard, instead of in the
chancel of the Illinster. But upon his being canonized, the
monks prepared to remove his body into the choir, in solemn
procession_, on the 15th of July. It rained, however, so vio-
lently both on this day and on the forty following days,' that
the design was abandoned as blasphemous: This circumstance
is thought to be the origin of the old notion, that if it rains on
St. Swithin's Day, it will rain during the forty following
days.

'SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.-OD Friday week,
as a young Gentleman was walking in Mr. LONGSTER's gar-
den, Mahon, on the bank of the Dement, he saw a fine pike
suddenly dart out of the river, and seized a swallow that was
gliding along the surface of the water.--( York Paper. )
HIGH WAY ROBBERY AND ATTEMPT TO Mutt.
DER.—Last Thursday night, between nine and ten o'clock, i
most daring robbery was committed on the high road, about
two miles from Kelso, on the person of a Mr. Mooft, a re-
spectable cattle-dealer, belonging to the neighbourhood of Mar-
petlhin NOrthumiberland. The.: -unfortunate Gentleman was
severely wounded by a pistol shot in the breast; hut as it had
not penetrated the chest, the wound was not considered as abso-
lutely dangerous; he had also received a cut on the head, and
was a good deal bruised. He had in his possession about
2,0001. in bank notes, 7001. of which was in Bank of England
paper, and about 1,3001. in Newcastle bank notes, of the whole
of which he was robbed by two men. It is unfortunate that
Mr. Moor is unable to give any particular description of ,the
robbers ;—one of them he took to be an Irishman._ and they
were both dressed in brownish coloured clothes. As soon as
the intelligence reached Kelso, a strong posse& constables were
sent out in pursuit of the delinquents; and the Procurator..
Fiscal for Rozburghshire transmitted an immediate account to
the authorities at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to apprize the bankers
there, in the event of any suspicious persons offering their cash
notes.

On the Bth instant, an Elephant having got
loose, happened to enter the house of Rajah 13ahadur, at Sety,
and pulled down a hut, where a person having drank bhung
had fallen into a sound sleep; but he got up on hearing the
noise of this occurrence, and endeavoured to drive the elephant
out with a large rod ; at first the elephant went to It little dis-
tance from the hut, when the driver laid down again on his
bed. Shortly after, the elephant having attempted to take its
revenge, caught the poor man with his trunk, and throwing
him on the ground, killed him by pressing
his belly with the
foot, to the great alarm of the persons present, who did not
fail to throw bricks and pieces of wood towards the animal, and
drove it to the garden of Dewan Omanundun Takoor, where a
brick hurt one of the Gargonns, who forbad them to throw the
bricks so carelessly as to injure people ; upon which the drivers,
having left the elephant, attacked the gardeners, conse-
quence of which several persons on both sides were wounded.
The Thanadar having stopped them, reported them to the
"Ilgistrate. The elephant (we have heard) has destroyed a
great number of buts at that plase.—(S""'"A3r 1:11".17"'

. -
• .
COURSE OF EXCIIANGE, June 28.

meet dam
Ditto, at -Sight
Rotterdam l2 3
Aotwrrp l2 3
Handmigh 36 10 2i
,Us.
Minna 36 11 st Us.
Paris,3l).ty's sight
Ditto
nom draux, ditto
Berlin 7 0
Fiaok tort on the 31:tio
PetcesholgO .
9 56
9 56
........ .
364 E tiro ve
36i F.ffeetire
35

Vienna.
Trieste.
Niatlrid
Cadiz .
(Whoa..
Barcelona .
;erille
Giltrahal .
Leghorn
Ital. Lir. '27
Malta

Pale( Ism

1214 per Os

Oporto
Rio Janeiro ..
Bahia 5B
Dithlitt .... 91 Cork 9i pet Cent.

50i

BULLION.

Portugal (3()I11,in Coin I.n 0 0 pet Os

Foreign Gold, in liars 3 17 Iq,
New Dotiblonns ... • ..... • • ..!
New Dollars . .......................... 0 4 iii
Silver Standard in BarSe• • • •

bent of the Hamturirli Correspondentry), speak but indiffe-
rently of the . .. then in progress in that
Letters fromlvool Itieaiirp,s,,i,gh,ic(hi:a7 .
city; not only was the demand limited, but there was a sensi-
ble reduction in the price. The accounts from Breslau, as to
the great Fair which had been there, were of a similar com-
plexion. .
of this port, which sailed from hence on Tuesday
,ad
last, when about seven miles off the extreme of the Land's
Longme ,
SHIPWRECK.— PLYMOUTH, JuNT: 93.—The Gratitude,
End, suddenly, and altogether unexpectedly, struck upon a
rock, immediately filled, and commenced sinking. The Cap-
tain,his wife, and the crew, made for the boat, and got clear of
the which not going
down as speedily as expected, some
of
the party
arty again repaired on board to secure some money from
the cabin. In making again the boat, which was waiting un-
der the bow, the sloop capsized and went down : in her pro-
gress the jib-boom struck the mate and Captain's wife dead,
and precipitated every soul into the water. The body of the
mate did not appear again, but that of the Captain's wife (the
poor woman being pregnant at the time of her death) instantly
floated, anti was secured by a pilot-boat, who witnessed the Ca-
of his crew,
tastrophe, and arrived in time to rescue the Capt. and the whole
floating to
O ii Srpeatiristti.: exyl hoeing
ascaivcettl) rtheir
h livesltt bbeyl oclninggi intigg i : someMr
CLA axe, of, Ilellaby-hall, it was discovered that a great num-
ber of mice had taken up their abode, and were making great
ravages in the grain. When it is considerod
that upwards of
PI) were kill•NI and that many Mick their eiicaPe, it will not
be an exaggerated statement is wain that. there were not
yg, .
leis than Ile in the. stock. 'the gain was the proilute of
143c.hamc.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, JUNE 28.

WINDSOR CASTLE.
Lord LYNEDOCH Wished to call their I.oidshiPs' attention
to a subject which appeared to him of much importance. He
had been at Windsor, and had observed the improVements going
on there, and was sorry to find that their progress was impeded
by many nuisances which could only be removed by an Act of
Parliament. He had taken the liberty of mentioning the sub-
ject to some of the Members of his Majesty's Government,
whom he might, notwithstanding his differences with them on
political matters, still call his friends but he aPas informed that
no bill could be introduced, as such a measure Would be very
unpopular. Perhaps no public improvement of the kind to
which he alluded could be carried on to completion without
trenching in,sorno measure on private property. Their Loid-
ships would, however, consider whether it would not be proper
in this case to pass an Act of Parliament fur facilitating the i.n-
provements at Windsor. These improvements could not be
completed without passing over grounds and reintiving cottages,
and the object was only to be completed by an Act of Parlia-
ment, which should compel the parties to give way on sufficient
compensation being made to them for their loss of property.
The compensation in such a case, he thought, ought always to
be liberal. Every man who was a friend to constitutional
monarchy must wish to see the Sovereign enjoying every de-
gree of accommodation and comfort, and surrounded with that
dignity which became his situation. lie thought it his duty to
throw out these observations, but should make no motion. lie
could not have satisfied his feelings had he not mentioned the
subject. •

Mr. SPRING RICE brought a message from the Commons
requesting a copy of the farther evidence taken before their
Lordships' Committee on the State of Ireland.
The LORD CHANCELLOR replied that the House would
send an answer by a messenger of its own. -
Mr. BROGDEN and others brought up the Newspaper Act
Amendment Bill, the Smuggling Prevention Bill, the Customs'
Consolidation Bill, the Glebe Lands' Exchange Bill, and several
private Bills.
On the motion of the Marquis of LA NW° wN, a message was
ordered to the Commons for a copy of the Report of the Com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the state of the law respecting
the Combination of Workmen.

WRITS OF ERROR BILL.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, that this Bill was one of
those which was connected with reforms in the courts of justice.
He then recapitulated the provisions of the Bill, which have
i been already fully stated in tke Reports of the debates in the
House of Commons, and concluded by moving that it be now
read a second time.
The LORD CHANCELLOR would not oppose this Bill,
though he had objections to it. He expressed his conviction
that, upon the whole, the abolition of Writs of Error would
produce more evil than any which the Bill could cure. The
Noble and Learned Lord observed, that as the law now stood,
it was true that on judgment being allowed to pass in default,
and a Writ of Error obtained, a creditor might be kept eight or
ten months out of money, but then, if justly due, he would at
last recover it with interest. After the passing
of this Bill,
however, he would be in a worse situation. The delay would
be longer, and the recovery much more expensive. The opiniot.s
he held on this subject were the same which had been expressed
by the greatest law authorities for the last 20 years.
Lord ELLENBOROUCH objected to the clause relative to
compensation, and gave notice, that when the Bill was com-
mitted, he would propose an amendment.
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted to-morrow.

BUBBLE ACT BILL
The Earl of LIVERPOOL moved the second reading of the
Bill for amending the 6th of George-1., commonly called the
Babble Act.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE opposed the motion. The
Act of George I. had been passed to correct a great public
grievance, which would be encouraged by the alteration pro-
posed to be made in the law. The compan!es now forming,
and which the repeal of the bubble act would sanctidn, were
all monopolies, and their effect would be to drive the fair
trader out of the market. When the existence of the East India
Company and other established monopolies was objected to,
why create new ones ?
The Earl of LIVERPOOL observed, that the present bill
went no farther than to repeal a statute which had never been
acted upon, and which had always been regarded as a dead
letter. No conviction had ever taken place under this statute,
though a century had elapsed since it was pasted. He could
see none of that danger in joint stock companies which the
Noble Lord anticipated from them. There surely was no fear
of those companies doing any harm, as long as all the partners
were bound, not only to the amount of the sum they might
subscribe for their shares, but to the whole extent of their
private fortunes. Though the act of the 6th of George I•
was repealed, the common law would remain unaltered. ' The
allusion. made by the Noble Lord to the East India Com'
pany was not in point. The objection with regard to that COll-
- was, that it was' said to be a monopoly against Of
public ; but he was surprised that the Noble Lord did I.o'
see that those companies, if they were to be monopolies atert
must be so in favour of the public. As for private traders b '''.
driven out of the market, that lie did riot think probableji
for it was well known that large companies always conducr,
their concerns in a much less prudent manner, and with t,
less attention to their Interests
th , than individuals. TIOO.I
could therefore be no harm in repealing this obsolete aet.o,
Parliaent, while its existence only tended to create confusi9
in consequence of individuals not knowing what' they, mig",,i
according to law, do or not do. With regard to incorporated
' companies, experience hid shown that the best mode of fordo
'rig them was by a Charter from the Crown. They might-,'
incorporated by Act of Parliament, but
.if their Lordships,el,o
sidered the difference in the nature of the proceedings in to." ho
' two modes, lie was sure they would agree with bin, 014%,
less Parliament interfered in thit subject the better. Jusl"be
between individuals was more efficiently secured whertAt.
Charter was granted by the Crown, and it %Vas therefore tholtf
. advisable to discourage applications for acts of Parliament,:tot
to encourage the other course. But hitherto a qualified ell—e
could not be given, however desirable it might be to iniPies.
certain limitations on the powers of incorporated cornPantOte
Their Lordships must see how important- it was that thl.l,si of
of things should be altered. It was therefore an obJec...ittr
the present Bill to authorize the granting of Charters "
restrictions.
thrf e present
LORD CHANCELLOR stated, that the princiPl°t, fa
Bill was to repeal the Act of 6 George 1.;, an e,
leave the parties to whom it was intended to apply to thet. tbe
ration of the common law. It did not destroy the power °,„ ilit;
Crown to grant any Charters, but it enlarged that power to of
granting of qualified Charters. As it repealed the ststtn.'d itt
George 1., and as that statute was supposed only to sm_j, At'
the way of associations such at the public had lately sfmar
tempted, he thought it better that a clause should be itn'tite
ed into the Bill declaring that the common law remain-00
altered and untouched. The common law, which would r,
be enforced, was in his opinion equal to every thing co'
plated in the statute. ook
The Earl of LIVERPOOL objected to the proposed cl
AO
AS it might render it necessary in all future Acts to Stllbge
only the laws repealed, but the laws which remained ) jr
after the repeal of a special statute.
loaded
de
wLiOthßuDnnCeeflesAsaNryCeEnlLlt,moeßntdsi,dbnuot as
.there
much misapprehension on this subject, he still thought the '
proposed clause should be admitted::, -- ' aftlicitio.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE concurred in this or- 10
It should be understood by the public, that .by enters 1. et'
associations like those forbidden by the law of George 1 isis,,
ties exposed themselvet to theOperationffof the Comr0"tioelIo
The Alarquis of LA NSDOWN made a fele ObserlArops v,
favour of the bill, but expressive of his apprehension l. iidi
effect of too liberal a grant of charters, should the 0.0,070 t,
out examination 'or proper discretion, exercise the right ° Lil
ftl
v
ing them.
.the. i After a few words from the Earl of LIvEltPOOl 0
VMS read a second time, and ordered to be committed to-note,
The Earl of LIVERPOOL gave notice, that on Pi' #oc,s,4
he Would call the. ttention of the Douse to the question a
peals toitsjurisdiction. • Ole P.
Several bills were then forwarded in their stages+
house adjourned.

-- •
-------BIRTH. _________:---
it,
r 5.16,
On the 27th inst., at No. 34, Bridge-street, T;lac^tr .fria c2f2,,,,/
Lady of George Farren, Esq., of a son, her thirteenth

Yesterda MARRIED. 5 ptiy, at St. Georges', Hanover-square, Rai"4
e r
F.sq., to Laura Sophia, eldes.t daughter of the Hon.
house, M. P.

lED.ypi
On the 21st inst., at his house at Little Nestont
,
A
Thomas Cottingharn, Esq. aged 79.
On Wednesday, the 22d.inst ,111 rs. Dean, of Br°AO'
dleSex, ih the Mtli year of her ale.. ne• •
On the 22d inst., Mr. Francis Kinrnan, of Shoe-la
87th year of his age.

Printed and Publishea toi The Pibi.nineTolo, 310'
OFFICE, No. 112, Strand, by J. B. C.:1101-
