gradations of rank to which Mr. Sheriff ALISON,
in his work on population, has ascribed ail the ex-
cellencies of our country, undcr a Monarchical
Government, is not altogether guiltless of the hor-
rible and annual immolation of infants. On their
depression, and on the depression of the labourers,
have the landlords, and the factory lords, and the
mine lords, been exalted.

But the Legislature is to be chiefly blamed, not
only on account of the ridiculous and absurd le-
gislation we have adverted to, and its unjust im-
post on bread, but for not having completely
remedied the long-standing evil. "It cannot inter-
fere," is the complacent reply of its defenders,
between capital and labour." If we were to
urge such an argument, adding the word " success.
fully" to its interference, we should be consistent ;
but such a statement, as a defence for its negli-
gence or sup-•ieness, when al►nost every one of its
acts is such an interference, is preposterous. It
to admit its imbecility, and, in shame, to
abdicate its functions, or it ought to put down
such extensive evils. It has put an end to
the slave trade—it has put an end to slavery
and what worse was slavery in our
colonies than infant slavery in our cotton factories ?
Either the Legislature is capable of regulating
and controlling every part of society, and is there-
fore responsible for every such evil as infant toil,
or it. is not. If it be, to it belongs the guilt of the
excessive employment of children, and the want of
employment of grown persons ; if it be not, it is
not the supreme power in society ; and how, then,
can it tell, that, by controlling and regulating a part,
it does not exercise a most pernicious influence
over that which it leaves at liberty ? It is the
Tory theory that society is the most complicated
machine known, and therefore the rude hand of a
Reformer, unless he be a thorough Tory, is unfit
to touch it ; but, in the case of infant slavery,
a part of the machine is rudely grasped by the
Legislature, and it declares it is not responsible for
the misworking of the part it is either incapable of
reaching, or too indolent to touch. Till the Le-
gislature admits its impotency, and abdicates its
functions, or remedies the evil of infant-slavery,
and men wanting work, the world will cry shame
on it that such evils exist.

Even more than the Legislature, we think the
clergy are culpable. They are scattered over the
kingdom ; in every parish there is one, and in many
parishes several. They are the guardians and
teachers of the public morality. Under their care
the rising generation are peculiarly placed.
They must have known, as least as long
ago as SOUTHEY wrote the " Letters of Espriella,"
of the existence of the evil. They ought to have
reported it to their Bishops, and the Bishops
ought, if they could not otherwise remedy it, to
have broueht forward, in the name of Christianity
and humanity, an annual motion on the subject.
Every Rector and every Vicar ought to have
preached against it. They denounce the Catholic
superstition with much earnestness and zeal from
the pulpit; they have been diligent and earnest,
both in Parliament and out, against idolatry in
India ; they have vexed the land till it
is sll in a fret with their appeals about observing the
Sabbath, and they have, therefore, no excuse, either
in want of power, or in an aversion to meddle
with secular subjects, for not having cryed down
and preached down the enormity of which Lord
ASHLEY and his followers now complain. When
the clergy were touched with a little fear of their
own power and pelf, they overwhelmed the Legis-
lature with petitions. For many years they have
influenced, if they have not prescribed its course ;
they made an outcry through the length and
breadth of the land, when Mr. HUME,

on one occasion, proposed to omit a some-
what profane reference to the name of
Providence ; they are bound, on their assumptions,
therefore, to inform the Legislature, as well as little
children, on moral questions ; and here have they
for the best part of half a century left the plague spot
of infant slavery untouched and uncured, festering
in the community. Looking at their extraordinary
presumption, and at their vast power, the clergy of
the State Church, paid to look after the public
morality, are more to blame than the Legislature,
or the factory owners, on account of the excessive
employment of children. They have neither di-
rected the factory owners into the right path nor
even called on the Legislature to coerce them. In
one sense, the Church is for the poor. The clergy
carefully bestow their admonitions on them, and
appeal to the law to restrict and punish them.
They cannot afford to preach against the avarice of
factory masters and the injustice of landowners;
they keep their moral teaching for the poor, and
are emphatically the clergy of the poor.

The Paris journals of Wednesday have all been
received, together with Madrid papers of the 7th
inst., and advices from Constantinople of the 24th
ult. From the French papers interesting extracts
will be found in another part of The Sun. The
news from Constantinople is unimportant. On
the 22d ult., one of the SULTAN'S wives pre-
sented his Highness with an heir to the Ottoman
throne—an event which was announced to the
public by a discharge of cannon. A manifesto set-
ting forth the treasons of MEHEMET ALI, drawn
up by REaCHID PACEIA, was circulated among
the high functionaries of the empire.

CAPTURE OF BEYIIOUT —The Presse has an article
on the extraoldinary character of the telegraphic de-
spatcher, and notices particularly the statement that
B-eyrout had been bombarded for nine days, whereas
the real time was only two hours ; that the town had
been reduced to ashes, whereas the despatches of the
British Admiral, the truth of which the Presse says
there is no reason to doubt, assert that care was
taken to fire upon the town as little as possible ; and
that the Allied forces had been subsequently driven
into the sea—a statement which there was nothing
to warrant. The Presse comments with just sevc-
rity on the want of discretion, to say the least of it,
shown in the publication officially of unfounded ac-
counts, which are calculated to mislead and excite the
public mind, and also on the non-official accounts
of an equally, if not still more, exciting character ;
such as the• report that the hospital of Beyreut had
been purposely fired upon, and others of a similar cha-
racter, all intended to deceive the nation, and create
an almost mad feeling against foreign Powers. It is by
such falsehoods, says the Presse, that the war-cry is
kept up, and the " Marseillaise" has been revived. It
asks, whether all this war-cry may not have been the
contrivance of the hawkers of false news for their own
selfish purposes?
BOURSE.—PARIS, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 14.

first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
French f, per Cents •
4% per Cents ...
4 per Cents 9l 50 91 53 91 50 91 50
3 per Cents 7l 25 .... 72 25 ... 70 1,5 ... 72 20
Bank of France 2850 2'oo 2850
Latlitte Bank I,ooof. 89 lOOO ... 1000 ...1100
5,000 f. Sh 5010 ...5010 501'0 ..5005
Belgian Bank
5 per Cents
3 per Cents
Spanish Active 22% ... 22% ... 221,
Passive 5,4 ... 5 ... 514, ... 5
Portuguese 3 per Cents 20% ... 2034 ... ... 21
Neapolitan
Roman 97 ... 97 ... 97 ... 97
RAILWAY SHARES.
S.. Germain
ersailles, R. B l'4s ... 315 ... 345 ... 345
250 ... 250 215 ... 050
Orleans
411 5J ... 443 ... 44t) ,„ 445
. •
030 3:!() 317 50 ... 330
Strasburg to Bale

STRENGTH OF THE FORCE FURNISHED
BY INDIA FOR CHINA.—The following. statement which
may be depended on, of the force furnished from India
for service in China, may prove of interest to our readers.
It is, it will be seen, smaller than is generally supposed .
--European troops from the three Presidencies and Ceylon,
6.666, native soldiers and sailors from ditto, 2,175, camp
followers f. om ditto, 1,080, total, 9,921 ; this, with the
force from England, will probably amount to 15,000.
Evening Paper.
FRANKFORT, OCT. 7.—The following arrivals
have taken place in our city :.—His Royal Highness the
Duke of Cambridge, his Excellency General Count
caucrin. Russian Minister of Finances ; his Excellency
Countßismark, Envoy Extraordinary from bis Majesty
Kingthe of Wirtemburg to the King of Prussia.—Frank-
fort Journal.
