GENER AL ELECTION.

To 111330ZRA, C4Arzamairs, Commarsgs, and
ELECTORS.—Being anxious to give the fullest and
most correct account of the Elections throughout the
Kingdom, eve shall be very thankful to any gentle-
man immediately interested, to favour us by post or
otherwise, with the state of the Polling, and other
matters connected with the Election, in his Town or
County.

Bern.—" We understand," says a correspondent, "" that Mr.
Alderman Movaty, who may ba thlignated a sleeping partner in
nor worthy Corporation, and who has .not visited this city for
many years to fulfil any of the duties of his station, is to be brought
Awn, when the approaching contest takes place, to vote for the
two Lords, in the hope of tmatstting our gallant townsman and in-
dependent representative General Palmer.—Bath Journal.
Bevent.M4,-,lllr. Lane Fox has retired from Beverley, but has
strongly recommended Mr. Harrison Batley. Mr. Stewart has
also offered, hinuself. Both of those gentlemen are Tories. No
other candidate has as yetOffercil himself, though it has been gene-
rally expected that the present rresentativt; would have done so
befoie this. At ten o'eloek Thursday evening, Dr. Arden, ac-
companied by Mr. Humphrey, solicitor for the new Candidate, W.
Stewart, Etap, arrived in a post-chaise and four front London.
Dr. Arden appeared at the balcony anti addrosed the multitude.
littrroL.--Ati the public meeting on Ttiesday, the chair tv,,s
ably filled by Mr. *Adam, who depicted in warm terms the
various qualitleations in Mr. Davis's character which had made
trim so popular a representative; and in moving the resolutions
which followed, the same tettimoniee of excellence Were borne to
his 'talents and worth by MeaStß. Purnell, 11. Bush,• Watson,
Moore, Edwards, and Outeh. The reaolutiooe were passed with
Reclamation ; and thus the cause of true blue, always an ably and
consistently supported by Mr. Davis, obtained another triumph.
Mr. Jahn Bush, accomtanied by Mr. 1114Adain, jun. left Bristol
for London the frame night in a post-chaise, to convey the grati-
fying intelligenci to Mr. Davis, which be received, as Mr. Bush
reported, with emotions of the livelitat sensibility. These gen-
tlenten returned early on Thursday, with a written reply from
Mr. Davis, To have Commenced a canvass for Mr. Dam seems
aim* an act of topererogation.—Farley's Journal.
DuattAmr-Our City election is fixed for Friday next (the
9th Mat.) ; proclamation to this effect having been publicly made
this day at noon in the market place, in presence of the Mayor,
Aldermen, and Recorder. Immediately afterwards, John Grif-
fiths, Est b, Dewy Sheriff, proclaimed the writ for the county
election, ivhich he gave notice would take place on Thursday, the
15th-init. The latter proclamation was mettle both in the mar-
ketidaea, 40 afterwards in front of the County Courts. It is
generally undarataod that both elections will be quietly got over,
though a report is very prevalent to-day, that a distinguished in-
dividual in Northumberland would cause a third candidate to. be
put in nomination for the County here, because of the very on.
called for interference of. a certain great man at a neighbouring
castle, with regard te the present election affairs of the County of
Northumberland..-... Durham, June 5. •
says, that Mr. Canning retires from this
Borough, anti that Mr. Iferrice and Mr. Nicholai Tindal will he
+returned.— Ease.r

Mr. R. Wilmot Horton will not offer himself for the repreuen.
tution of Hull.

Liveueour..—Mr. Huskisson will, it is expected arrive in
Liverpool on Friday next. 110 will reside, during his stay in
town, with our respected townsman, John Bolton, Esq. at bis
house in Duke-stmt. Mr. liuskisson will be accompanied by
Ifr. Wainwright, of the Liverpool oftice. About 800 persons
him been ndinitted to the freedom of this borough since the last
• eleCtion. The total number of the freemen is about 5,000..
Zieerpool Albion.

Xiiramiv..-;.The town of Maidon is in a feverish state, and
parties run high. The liberality of the candidates furnished port.
and other wines as free as though they issued from Cromwell's
Well, which has operated on some occasions so powerfully, as to
give cause of complaint to the owner of an exhibition of wild ani-
mals, who declared that his collection within is exceeded by that
without. Mr.- Leonard's friends are very sanguine. The cry of
" No Popery" has been very prevalent, and may be soon written
up in various parte of the town. It is, somewhat amusing to hear
men dioputing about Papists atal Protestants, who neither Aran-
ties
the tenetis of the one or the other. The Chehnefurd coach did
tout arrive at its usual hour from London yesterday : it came in at
one, laden with freemen in the interest of Mr. Leonard, who
were, with their wives end tiunilie*,• forwarded to Malden'. Mr.
Dick appears to he a pigeon, whose feathers are tips with gold,
and who admits of their being plucked without a flinch. Coaches
and steam-m*oa are alike in requisition; • and the Jack of money,
it appears, will be no obstacle in the way of sumac " Dick and
Independence" is plentifully posted up, rend the circumstance of
the sentence being so laconic, admits of its being bawled out,•
among the candidate's rustic friends, with a better emphasis when
drunk than when sober.»-Essex Herald.

NoalitumsExt. A N EDIT° Hi perceive, not withota
satisfaction, that the interfaith* contest for • tha Representation of
Northumberland. is not neglected in the cohniros of Tim Situ,
Allow me, therefore, without further preface, so -say you wilt
oblige many friends here by giving publicity to the following lte.
port of a truly excellent Address, which was delivered by
Iliatthewilitil, Rs+, after dinner, pit Friday last, at the Northum.
berbuid Arms Tavern, where the worthy Gentleman was cur
rounded by about 140 Freeholders anti Friends,
North Shields, June

M. R.

" I rise, gentlemen, to express my moat sincere thanks to you
for the honour you have just conferred upon me I.john Fenwick,
Esq., of C4oupville, had previously Oen, in very handialMe terms,
Mr.. IleWs health] by the truly flattering manner in which you
have drank any health, 1 can only assure you Tam moat grateful
fur all the kiwi I'a, tioo, you are making. in My behalf. Thus
powerfully aided, 1 fear not to avow' I am sanguine in my hopes,
that the highest. object of my ambition will be attained—that I
shall again have the luinour to represent nay native county in Par-
liatoent,-41.,raul cheers.)—The period I have tilled the honour-
able itittiatiou in 'which I was so recently placed, haS been too short
to afford much Opportunity of showing bow far lam fit, to lie
entreated' with the duties which belong to it. - I flatter myself,
however, ro one can charge me with inattention wanly business
piddle' or private, but I have to regret that a severe domestic af-
fliction has prevented so entire ndevotion of my time to any pailk.
iamen Lary dot sea as I could have wished. I nonaideeit quite mien dal

that the political sentiments of every rand Witte should ho openly and
imerittivocally atonal; it bee away,/ been my aim to deal fairly and hoW
wetly with all men ; from at course I will never swerve,, and
therefore deflate ter you, without any tioncealment, my .prineiplee
and sentiments. It is pretty. generally known that lam a warm
supporter of his Majesty's Administration. I shall continue to
support them so long as I think they deserve the confidence of the
country, but I 'shalt at the same time never forget tuy own
iurle-
penilenee, and fearlessly dissent from any inetteuree which do not
appear to ens to be for the public good. Although a friend to
religious toleration; yeti would have it distinctly understood that
I am averse to making further concessious of political power to
the Roman Catholics. 'This' is not the opinion of yesterday, not
atuntned (art has been imputed to me by my onemiwt) to serve
electioneering purpotteerloit opinion, as all who knmv me will
tet.tify; which. .1' have professed and maintained from my early
yeah,- and I have not yet seen any reason to 'alter it. An at-
teMPt liaeheen made t. 6 misrepresent my feelings on the subject of
the abolition of slavery. On this subject I have beeu as explicit
AA on every other, and the ettempte of my enemies have had no
effect. lam en lebroftte for the speedy and complete abolition
of itlevety in every part of the British dominionii. The bless-
Mgt, of liberty are Ado sensibly felt -in. this happy land to
allow any one who enjoys -them to hesitate. as- .to their ex-
tension to his fellow creatures., As I *aid before, I never
will be the servile tool of *ay Adminietration ; T will dissent
from their meaetires in every ,calie where the public interest '
micros to me to require it. Though as yet my opportunities
of considering the subject have two, small, yetani
free
to ekofeee that I ate one 'of those who view with apprehen-
*ion the total abrogation :of those: laws under whieli our
commercial marine lea risen to 44101144;44 proverity. coast..
of the , chi owner, taking
Coast-
tiering the relative situation
into consideration his additional expriee' of ontilti higher rate of
wageo, end other item; of expenditure, I think the legislature
ought to pause and certainly reflect ere they plaeAtlsim and the fo-
reigner on art equal footing. It leas .been urinota wadersturul,
agsinat me here, that I !micro ww4itrit4 the town
of Newcastle to (10 my duly tovierria you-,«tntsl:amdtitre you will
not believe.
You all know thet my eunneetion with: the flourish-
ing, town of Shields is not trifting..--bere is tine of my most itn-
mown ororrocre,irtl tatablig.lanents, and here.reside some: of y
met iainzete frkodt;,.......the interests of all m
parts of this important
harbour are, however, interwoven, and alljealou isy s groundless. I
t t•we shall all witness the continuing 'prosperity of the port of.
Tyne, There is mut abject in which we are 61)1 interested, and if it
ahead be my fortune to he egain returned to I arliamentony hum-
hie efforts shall not be wanting to forward its attainments-1 mean
" "Pold' of drat partial tax whirls presses 00 heavily on the
trey It.of the -Tyne--the' Duke of Richmond's duty.; If I should
he re-eltmed, I pledge myself to serve you rvitli diligence,

\\,,

' fidelity, and the strieteat independenee. As a servant of the
public, I shalt admit the. equakbimof all to my time and exer-
tions; in the discharge 01r my Parliamentary duties, I shall make
no distinction between those who support and those who oppose
tins net *Wean men of 'one party and those of another. I have
now only to' ask. -.from my friends e continuance of their kind
',exertions until olir object be finally attained. I am aware that
by the, open declaration of •my principles, I have arrayed against
me the whole body of the Bohlen Catholics'. I fear them not--
I throw myself and my cause into the hands of my Protestant,
brethren. Ther will never dhow me to be beaten•down by the
body of Catholics, however formidable, but Will join heart and
hand in supporting one whose pride it will be to uphold our glo-
rious Constitution in Church and State." Mr. Bell concluded
by proposing as a toast, " The Port of Tyne, and Prosperity to
its Commerce." This speech was received with mneli,cheering
and applause. Mr. Bell's clear and manly avowal of his prin-
ciples, delivered in as eloquent and energetic manner, made a very
great impression on the company.
NO at numarßi,Asn.-.....(Fr0m a Correspondent.)--A little
before three o'clock this day, the silver tones of St. Mary's bells,
sweetly -announced across the water, the arrival of Thomas Went-
worth Beaumont, EN., one of the late representatives of Nor-
thumberland ; and immediately afterwards, the powerful belle of
Newcastle joined chorus with their jocund music. Mr. Beaumont
levied rapidly through the streets, in his harouche and four, and
was soon at the Turk's Head Inn, when the white flag was
unfurled, in compliment to the worthy gentleman. He was
loudly cheered by the populace; and the gentlemen acting upon
his committee, with some of the heads of the law agents, appeared
at the vestibule Of the Inn, to congratulate him on his safe return
to the north. The Whig Dinner, at Shields; yesterday, (S.
lldertim, Esq., in the chair,) was attended by about 80 gentlemen.
There wag, it is said, "a general dealing in denunciations and
menaeinue proceedings, &c. Noes verrons. At all events it
should be borne in mind, there are two rides to every account. A
sensible writer in the Newcastle parer of this day, has addressed
surge pithy lines to my Lord Howick. Perhaps his Lordship
will do well, to pay some little attention to them. " En-
couraged," he says," no doubt by the cheers of some of your fol-
lowers, you proceeded (on a late occasion at Alnwick) to call on
Mr. Beaumont to account fur his having, in the year 1888, enter-
taioed, and then relinquished, a design of retiring altogether from
the representotion of the county. To this call, although quite
impertinent, and, in Mr. Beaumont's absence, unfair attack, he
has answered, as he has done to every particle of your speech,
with a condour and 'Wiriness which nothing but conscious rec-
titude and an undaunted spirit could have dictated. Hie an-
swer, too is complete.-.omnibus numeric absolutus. But I have
one word of advice to address" to your lordship on that head. I
perceive you are advancing to the edge of a frightful precipice;
and there are persons very near you who would not care to push
you down it, provided their vengeance could he satiated." There are
many other grave points in the address, from which the above
extract is taken, though to give them here would elongate this
article somewhat too much, —Newea stk-upon- Tyne, 6th Ans.
Paitsrois, June b.—The writs for the election have been re-
ceived, and the polling will, in all-probability commence on :Sa-
turday, or Monday at farthest. The candidates that are here are
in the thick of business.••• Mr. Stanley conies in to-morrow even-
ing in state. •
The pretensions of William Cobbett to the representation of
Preston, will, it is said, meet with a powerful check. Captain
Robert Barrie, of the 'Royal Navy, has been solicited, by a depute-
tioe from a numerous body of the most respectable inhabitants of
Preston, to offer himself as a candidate at the ensuing election;
for which purpose the gallant Captain started on Tuesday night, at
twelve o'clock, from Hatchett's Hotel, Dover-street, with all pos-
sible speed, to the scene of action.
SANDWIti;,---Rear-Admiral Sir Edward Owen and Mr.
Marryet will walk 'over the course at Sandwich.
Sostitainer.—Sir T. Lethbridge, attended IT his family and
Mr. Popham, arrived at Taunton on Monday night. Some of
his friends in that twit, accompanied by the military bind, Were
going out to meet him ; but as they wernprepering to start, he
drove up to the Castle Inn, at a rapid rate; the horses being de-
corated with blue ribands, and the baronet in an open carriage
with Mr. Popham. At the turnpike-gate he was 'met by 'tome
person, in the opposite interest, who saluted him 'ley cries 'of
44 Yen are a boroughmonger, what do you 'do here ?" Two or
three hundred persons wore assembled round the Castle, expect-
ing a speech ; but separated 'on learning that, Sir Thome, was not
erode on eleetion bueitiees, and that lie had determined not triCan-
VIM a single freeholder. Some' person by the ettatle'propesel
three elwers, but he was checked, and the feeling of the people
seemed of a different description to that which led them to drag
him into the town when the " no-Popery" ory was raised, and
strong beer in profueion was distributed to the people. The
Rev. Henry Cresiell soon after Sir Thomas's arrivith drOee into
the • town, and coming under the Castle window gave out three
new flags tot he placed'at the principal houses resorted-to by his
brother's friends, with suitable inscriptions upon them. He cal-
led on Sir Thomas to come .forward, and explain to the electors
what connexion he, had had • with the celebrated Mr. 'Bayley,
and upon whatretenierhe had dared to insult the electors by re-
commending that person to their support. Sir Thomas, however,
sleclined to come forward, :when Mr. Crowell, who. was Wittily
cheered by the multitudeoutid, that Sir Thomas lied now shown
the white feather plainly enough, and he woidd take care that
he should not sneak into a hole and corner on the; day of !lumina-
tem, when, as a man antic freeholder of ,Somentet, he would.
dammand it, pl arstion. 0 f his cowl** one %hie and other..ppints.
This t"°Elti"il (Tuesday), Bilmend Creswell, Esq. accompanied
by the eon of the candidate and another gentleman, arrived
in .a coach and four at the White Hurt, and announced to the
' electors that his brother would be happy to meet them to-morrow
morning. It is said that a fourth candidete will be here to-
morrow.

Yonx.—York is likely to be contested. Mr. Wyvill began his
canvass en Thursday, and Mr. ;Pandas, another Whig, and Mr.
Wilson, a Tory,- arrived in the city on Friday, and immediately
proceeded to wait upon the freemen for their suffrages. Mr.
Wyvill and Mr. Dundee, being both of the woe political senti-
ments, attempts were made to form a coalition, and it was agreed
on Sunday night that a union should be formed the :following
morning. Unfortunately, however, Mr. Wyvill'e committee: m-
inim(' to unite, unless upon a condition .to which Mr. Dmidas
would not accede. :,The latter gentleman, consequently, on Mon-
day mornitii, gave up the contest. Friday is fixed for the elec-
tion, when it is expected the two present candidates will be elect-
ed without opposition.
Voltam rtr.L—lt has been romoured that Mr.Bethell would not
come to a poll, hut his friends appear determined to support him.
They held a meeting in York on .Monday last, in order to adopt
those measures which were likely to secure his return: Mr. li.
is a Tory, but one of truly liberal sentiments—he is One through
principle. He has issued an address to the freiholders,•, stating
that he offered himself asimindependent-eountry gentleman, on-
connected with anylrarty,: end. aeteatedhy no. views of private
interest. Conscientiously attached to the established religion of
the country, he should be prepared, without binding himself to
any pledge, to give the most impartial and attentive Consideration
to sneh conciliatory measures in behalf of the Roman Catholics, -as
justice and sound policy may appear to require, at the same time
having a doe regard to the established religion of the country,—
lie also declares himself friendly to a revision of the corn laws ;
ind to such measures being introduced into our colonies, as may
prepare the unfortuntdc slaves for an admission to the privileges
and rights of freemen. Monday next is appointed for the nomi-
nation-day. • • - •
Woonsvocx Election commences to-morrow. Four candi-
dates. 'Strong opposition,
