day next.

PARIS, Nov. V.—They write from Lyons,
dated 18th, that the price of corn diminishes every
day. It is expected to fall yet lower.
The Duke of Luxernburgh, returning' from
Brazil, arrived on the Bth of this mouth at Lisbon,
with
.the Duchess of Cadaval, his sister. Lie in-
tends going to Paris without delay.
At one o'clock► Count Rost/4161n, Govein
of Moscow in 1813, had the honour of an audience
with his Majesty for half an hour.
Yesterday Detour, a tanner, in a violent quarrel
with his son, stabbed him with a knife in his breast.
The son is since dead, and the unhappy father has
been arrested.

James Roney; a priest, has been condemned to
15 months' imprisonment, for having in a sermon
used seditious expressions against the person and
Government 0114 M jestv, Louis the 15,:h.
The ,Ditector of the Theatre of Perpignan has
written, it is said, to the Theatre Friori.lis, to say
that Mlle. Georges is acting at the 'Theatre of

rcrßiguan.
The Deputies of Corsica arc Messrs. P4td• Frau-
' 'cols Peraidi for the arrondissement of Ajaccio, and
' Castelli for that of Calvi.

A man delivered from slavery at Algiers, by
virtue of the Treaty, in consequence of the expe-
dition of Lord Exmouth, passed through Dijon
on the Ir9th of this month, on his way
ito Paris.
Tins man, at the age of fifteen, followed M. Count
d'Artois, as jockey, to the siege of Gibraltar.
Embarked on board a ship, carrying orders to the
Count d'Estaing ; he was wrecked on the shores
of Africa, and detained prisoner by the Arabs for
34 years, enduring the greatest hardships the
Whole of that time. Having no communication
with the rest of the universe, the noise (Attie French
Revolution never struck his ear ; and his astonish-
_pent may easily be conceived at the recital of the
extraordinary events which have disturbed the
Ferree of Eutope for the last 25 years. This man,
%vim has inspired a great interest, has a brother at
Paris named Dumont, who is now actually in the
service of his Royal Highness Monsieur.
WitillAW, Nov. 6.—M. de Zayonzeck, Viceroy
of Poland, and General of Infantry, has received
froth his Majesty the Emperor of. Russia four
-Russian °tilers together.

Count Vtdentin de Subolewski 19 appoiutcd Mi-
. •
,stster of Justice.

A deluge has happened on the frontiers of
China, at Kiachta. Tlm disaster produced by
this inundation surpasses any thing ever se.en in

those countlies.

The Emperor of Rabbit* is expected here, who,
it is prebumed, will be present al the opening of
the Congrebs, which will ratify the new Code of
Legibtation.
The collection for erecting a monument to
'rinse I'ottit~tc~ur;l:i already amounts to 190,913
florins.

FRANKFORT, Nov. 13.—Tiie Duchess of NH,-
dead of UII attack of opopiely, being in her

65t11 year.

FRENCH FUNDS.

.S 5 f. SO c.
5 per Cents.
.. 1143 f.
Dank Actions

On the 14th was the solemn funeral of Lis
Tfoyal Highness the late Gt anti Doke of MECK-
LIMBURG STRELITZ, tt hose mortal remains weie
deposited in the family vault at Mitovr.
