Co-'

.4.3lfititern Reporter, a paper published at
..c) has the following obs-rvations in reference
(0 the crimes recently committed in England, and
to the remarks of the London Press :
We call on the really humane and philanthropic Refor-
mers of England to consider how incomparably greater
are the grievances that afflict Ireland, than any which our
neighbour island can complain of; and when this is con-
sidered, how surprising, to those acquainted with the hide-
ous depravity existing in English society, will appear the
loyal, peaceful, and well ordered conduct of the slandered
inhabitants of Ireland, in the midst of their woes, wrongs,
and indignities. Borne down by F.uttrings, moral and
physical, such as never before were endured by a nation.....
what a contrast is presented by the demeanour of the
Irish people ito the crime, turbulence, and treason un-
happily prevailing amongst their neighbours And yet
there are grave and " reverend" men going about the
empire, vituperating and denouncing the " brutal Popish
peasantry of Ireland," and calling for a return to the
system of extermination and the dominance of martial law,
in order to assimilate the Irish to the " moral and religious
people of England."
The case of the Irish—the vituperation and de-
nunciation of which our Contemporary so justly
complains—is another example of injustice and
cruelty, arising from our manners rather than our
laws. The law knows no distinction, or a very
trifling one, between Catholics and Protestants,
but the ancient distinction is kept up in our man-
ners, and is widened to the utmost by designing
and wicked men. No law any longer condemns
the Irish to idleness by prohibiting manufactures,
or to ignorance by prohibiting teaching, but the
custom of the landowners to live abroad and
to export all which they can possibly extort from
the people, keeps them steeped in poverty, igno-
rance, and idleness. It takes from the means of
improvement. The laws concerning property are
now much the same in England arid in Ireland, but
the domination in the latter by a small sect, who
administer the law in general with all the cor-
ruption and arrogance of masters, and who are a
race different from the people, generates there a
host of evils unknown in England, except as they
are imported from the sister country. Ireland is
undoubtedly yet cursed with a law-Established
Church, which is not the Church of the majority of
the people, but with this exception—and time is
reducing the Church in England to a similar con-
dition—the'greater grievances which afflict Ireland,
grow more from the manners of her Orange gentr
than from her laws.

They always struggle, indeed, to gain for their
hateful oppressions the sanction of legality. For
example, while the Irish are, according to all ac-
counts, starving, actually dying of famine in va-
rious parts of the country, the Orange party, headed
by Sir R.BATESON and Colonel CONOLLY, threw
out, on Monday evening, the Bill proposed by
the Ministers to allow flour to be imported into Et:-
land. That would tend to break in on the Corn-

laws ; it would be a step towards getting rid of an
enactment by which the Protestant landowner is

enriched, and the Catholic serf starved, and ac-
cordingly the sinister interests of the Orangemen
and the landlords prevailed, and it was decreed that
no interruption should take place in the landlords'
plan for starving the people. A great grievance
was continued, for the Government had not the

power to carry its just views into effect. When
the Houses of Parliament can be brought to give
their sanction to such oppressions growing out of
the manners of Orange landlords, what wonder is
it that those bodies become despised and hated, and
that changes, amounting to a great revolution, arc
demanded by the masses ? In one country tl:e
Charter is asked for, and in the other Repeal is popu •
lar ; and while the people in both can justify their
demands by such facts as the rejection of a mea-
sure to allow flour to be imported into a country
where the people are starving, all preaching obout
advantages of the Union, or the blessings of
ancient Constitution, will be regarded as the
wind. To put an end to the demand for Re-
and the demand for the Charter, the Houses

our
idle
peal

of Pailiament, by doing justice to the people, muse
prove that they deserve their confidence.

We aim here at nothing more than to direct
public attention to the teport of the meeting yester-
day of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery So-
ciety. It worthily crowned the labours of the Con-
vention, concluded the day before. No party feeling
was allowed to exhibit itself except it were just so
much as to show that it existed, but could be im-
mediately suppressed. In associating to redeem
others from slavery, the gentlemen and ladies pre-
sent showed they were not the slaves of their own
hateful passions. The assembly consisted of pvr-
sons of different nations, various shades of cum
plexion, and a great diversity of creeds, but they
were all harmoniously intent on the one good and
humane work of putting an end to slavery all over
the world. May their efforts be successful.

Lord DENMAN yesterday delivered the judg-
ment of the Court of Queen's Bcnch in the case of
the Queen v. the Chapter of Exeter, and the
Court, we regret to say, sustains the Chapter
against the Crown. It thinks that usage since
the time of CHARLES 11., in the absence of any
express law giving the appointment of Deans to
the Crown, as the appointment of Bishops is given
by a statute of HENRY VIII , does not con-
stitute a right in the Crown, and it there-
fore discharges the mandamus which had been
moved-to compel the Chapter to give effect to the
recommendation of the Crown. At the same time
the Court suggests that the Crown has a better
means of trying its right than by a writ of mar-
damns; and we feel assured, by what fell from the
Attorney-General, that no proper means will be
left unemployed to establish the right claimed by
the Crown. We are bound, however, after
this decision, to believe that at least the
legal point is so doubtful that the Chapter
is warranted in its proceedings. It is not for us to
impugn the decision of the Court of Queen's
Bench on such a question; but we suppose it will
excite a number of other ecclesiastical corporations
to question rights which are now claimed by the
Crown. 01 the desire and determination of a
large body of the priesthood to carry back
the Church, in spiritual matters, to all the
errors of the Papacy, our Journal in
another place presents an atkquate proof ;
and this claim of the Chapter of Exeter,
followed up, as no doubt it will be, by l'!milar
claims of other Chapters, is a proof that the prie,t-
hood are resolved to restore the temporal power, as
well as the spiritual doctrines of the Papal priest-
hood. We arc not surprised at it. On the con-
trary, their usurpations are the necessary con•
sequences of the silly subserviency of the
people, and of the general opinion, so flat-
tering to the priesthood, and so provocative of
arrogance and usurpation, that they are the moral
heads of society and the fountains of all civilization
and virtue. By our opinions we surrender our:
selves into their hands. What wonder then that
they, filled with the pride of men endowed with
power, seek to trample under foot whatever stands
in their way ?

The Madrid journals received are of the 15th
inst. General Sir G. DE LACY EVANS had
left that capital for London, having been success-
ful in the object of his mission. Before starting,
he obtained a remittance of 50,0001., being the
first instalment of the arrears due to the British
Auxiliary Legion. The unfortunate auxiliaries
will not be the only gainers by this arrangement.
The nation's gratitude will hardly be less at finding
itself relieved from the awful infliction of
Lord LONDONDERRY'S soporific Parliamentary
wailings.
The Cortes were occupied with the Clergy's
Provision Bill. Rumours were afloat of changes
of Ministers. The Five per Cents. were, on the
15th, at 25k- for cash.

The extraordinary express from Paris received
yesterday has enabled us to anticipate the whole of
the news brought by the ordinary arrival of Tues-
day's Journals. The following extracts from them
alone contain an)rthing worthy of notice
Tire Armoricain of B. ear, 0. the 19:h of June says:—
'• Adour, a ,vr,ette of burden, ha : left the basin.
B', a yew oi-ot r of the Minister the Bonite will be ern-
t‘d in votive:, nog trot.} sto Monte Video, &c. The
Adour fur anotlwr ,iestination."
The French Meridionde, a Toulon journal, of the 20th
of June, ',tr.:—

‘• M. Dakirry. formerly a chel clerk in the Prcfecture
f the E.6tern Pyrencei, disriesal we have an-
lArunc,,d, wai; arrealed yeAurciay evening in one cf the
passi,t:cs of the tit, atres, by M. Lenermand, principal
Co7'inioi.-4try It H ,fl'etned,, that he is going to
be sent t Perpignan by virtu,. of a warrant delivered by
the Juge &Instruction of the last mentioned city."

PERTHVS IN CATALONIA., JUNE 17 —The failure of
Roi d'Erules, which was in tt,e e•.virnns of the Seu d'Urgel
left those parts on the 13th, taking the road to Organs.
The faction of Cabe ra still occup'es Pores and the
neighbouring villages. G neral Leon entered Lerida,
with his division, on the 7th. On the 9th the Duke of
Victory arriv,el in the same town. On the 11th four
th,usand men entered Lerida, and the General advanced
to Tarre,ga.

On ill.; 12!li eastaneda's division marched from Tar.
recta to Balaguer ; it is, doubtless, going to occupy Ba.
laguer and Trenip.
The column of General Salcedo, Carbo, and San C!e.
mente occupies Vich.

Estsrt us. with Lis band, is at Saint Pare, near Campre-
don. —Ls Constitutionnel.

BOURSE..-PARIS, TUESDAY, JUNE 23

t irst Highest Lowest Lan
Price Price. Price Price
F.eneh 5 per CPlits ll7 ::5 ... 117 30 ... Ili `. 0 ... 1 .7 ill
4 per Cents lO5 50 ... ,is 50 ... 105 50 ... 105 50
3 per Cents B4 80 . 84 t 0 ... 84 NO ... 54 80
.3ank of franee 3575 ' ..:%575 ...3575 _1'575
rAtia, Sink 1,0601. Sh lll5 —.1115 ...1115 ...1115
5,0601. sh !,21.., —.5215 —5'215 ..2-15
lielgian Manic - ... 912 50 ... 910 ... 911! 50
5 ~:ter Cents
3, er Cents .. 70 50 ... 71i 59.... 70 50 ... 70 50
Ohio
Dutch :2% per Cents 54% ... 55 ... 54s ... 55
Sp,uirh Acne
Passive 6% ... 6% ... 6% ... 0%
Portuguese 3 per Cents 22% ... 2S
Nen;.olitan
.:oinan O;4 ... 104 ... ICS ... 1637‘,

It All. W A Y SHARES,
St. Germain7•:.o ... 720 ... 720 ... 7ZO
Verzaincs, B. I' t.,20 .. :,21 15 ... 520 . 521 25
L.B :l•i7 LO ... l'aCl ... 3,.-7 50 ... 3:..0
Orleans
525 ... 525 ... 521 5 ... 52L 25
..
Mulhausen to Thann ..
sty:abort to Bale

CORN-LAWS AND EMIGRATION.—The obvious mo-
tives of a journal published to promote emigration to
Australia, make us look with an indulgent eye on all its
efforts, merely to enhance in the public estimation the
advantages of the co ony. It is the mere trick of a
tradesman who has got wales to sell ; and against such
arts we know of no prokction but the sound and dis-
criminating judgment of those who want to buy. But
when such a journal joins the landlords of England
and the Tories in depreciating the utility of Corn-law
abolition, we feel bound to tell the South Australian
Record, that its selfish motives do not vrarrant such
misrepresentation. The repeal of the Cornlaws would
provide bath remunerating employment and sub-
sistence for our people, and would be of more ad-
vantage to South Australia than the continuance
of the laws which the Record supports. Then
overflowing cvital, the result of profitable employment,
and enterprise could pour out their abundance on all
our cooties ; but only the vigorous m mind and body
would seek a toreign home. Now the want of profit
employment drives men away, and those who are sick.
at heart, who cannot bear up against the intense cam
petition cAused by the compression.of unnopoly, go
abroad. The colony n-ceives nut th'e redundancy of
strAigth, but the outeastings which weakness cannot
support. A vigorous p :rent begets vigorous offsp:ing,
and the wore healthy and prosperous the. parent society,
the more abundant will be the strength and the pros-
perity it will be aide, to shower on its colonies. If the
Editor of the Record understood the interest of his
employers, he would not decry the repeal of the Corn.
laws.

- ,
COMMISSION of LIJNACY--Wednesday a
special Jury was convened at the Gray's Jim Coffee-house,
before Mr. Commissioner Blount, to inquire into the state of
mind of Miss Charlotte Firth. The father of the young lady
(Joseph Firth), it appeared, had kept a public-house, in
diddle-row, Holborn, who died in June, 1828, earing Miss
Firth, who came of age in Septembor, 1838, under the pro-
tection of her guardian (Mr. Chorley) very considerable pro-
perty, which is now under the control of the Court of Chan-
cery. Several witnesses were examined, and arritingst them
Doctors Soutbty arid Sutherland, who depo,ed to her ineapabi-
Lty of managing her person or estate; that she was unable to
tell how many shillings there were in a sovereign, or how many
pence in a shilling, and other acts of imbei.ality of intellect.
The young li,dy being examined by the Commission (who laid
some silver and gold on the table before her) said there were
twelve shillings in a sovereign, and sixpence in a shilling, and
evinced her utter incapability to govern her person or actions ;
and the jury, in consequence, found from the examination of
the witnesses, that she had been of unsound mind, and inca-
pable of governing her person or prope,ty ever since the li t of
August, 1833.

Letters from Constantinople, of the 3rd inst.,
bring advices from Tabriz to the 3d of May. The
Shah of PERSIA was at Ispahan, where Count
DE -SERCY, the French Ambassador, had an in-
terview with him, after which his Excellency set
out for Bagdad, there to await the arrival of his
despatches from his Government. The impression
produced by the sudden departure of the Ambas-
sador from the Court of the SHAH was, that his
reception was not so favourable as he had been led
to anticipate.

Henry Rawlins, who formerly held a situation
in a wine-merchant's establishment, but who, for some time
past, has been the victim of a series of bad fortune, was on
Wednesday morning found dead in his bed at the house of Air.
Cooper, inkeeper, of Fetter-lane. The deceased had been
twice tried at the Old Bailey within the last six months on
charges of fraud, but through some technical flaw escaped in
both instances. He was only discharged the day preceding his
death. He retired to bed about ore o clock on Tuesday morn-
ing, desiring to be called at nine. Ile was then hearty and in
good spirits. His death is attributed to apoplexy arising from
excessive excitement.
TAUNTON,—Haymaking will shortly begin in
our valley ; the grass shear promises well, but we are sorry
not to be able to report so favourably of the wheat. An ob-
servant and intelligent agriculturist, who has inspected the
Vale of Taunton Deane, informs us that wheat is very thin,
fr,,nl the b?,lPe,-s of the seed; md t' pre w;!1 t•.nf,
ii` "', • half.

While professing to set the highest value upon
the friendship of England, and to be willing to
dismiss from his counsels those Ministers who ad-
vised the insult offered to her representative, the
SHAH continued his encroachments upon the
Turkish frontier of Sulama-niah, and his tyrannical
oppression of his own unfcrtunate subjects, whom
he daily pillaged and tortured without limitation or
mercy.
The direct from Constantinople is not
C7onimercial Ifitterd r,.:.1-dv;.:(.l
15th inst. at Vienna, announce tue pubitivu (Lis-

avvral.
Journal.

:,,;..

nUt

better calculated than any thing yet devised to turn t, missal of Ciro
the criminal into a lunatic or a savage. Our made -„; any such C
criminal occurtence in the letters received
PAIIA ; b no mention is
laws have hitherto failed, we believe, he-. (Erect from the Turkish capital. After miscar-
cause too great a reliance has been placed on terror, tinges on the part of three of the SULTAN'S
and we advocate the abolition of the punishment of wives, a fourth was safely delivered of a
death, not because we arc favourable to some cruel daughter, to the great joy of his Highness and
system of secondary puriishment, but because that the delight of his people. Constantinople was il-
abolition would lead t
.o a more humane and consio, luminated, and no sounds but those of rejoicing
derate treatment of criminals. When le-:isiators were beard in the capital.
can no longer rely on cruel punishme,:,,s, they will On the 2d MUSTAPHA PACIIA was invested
begin to examine into the causes of crime, and we with the insignia of Seraskier, or Lord High Ad-
believe that they will then very Often find them- miral, in the room of HALM PAcHA, now in dis-
selves more in fault tb47l criminals they visit grace.
A circumstance had taken place calculated to
weaken the good understanding between the Eng-
lish residents in Turkey, and the Turkish authori-
ties. We give it as related by the correspondent of
a Morning Contemporary
Mr. Colquhoun, an English traveller, and two rfll,crs
of the Dido, now stationed on the Bosphorus, undertook
some days ago a journey to Adrianople. On their arrival
at Baha, not far from Adrianope, they were desirous of
enjoying the luxury of a bath in the small river which
pisses that place. They chose a retired spot, where they
began to purify themselves from the filth of a dirty and
fatiguing ride. While they were engaged in this egre:able
exupation, they were suddenly interrupted by the appa-
rition of a number of Turks, who, roughly laying hands
on the luckless bathers, began to beat them in the most
brutal manner. After this the Aga and his myrmi-
dons conveyed them to prison, dashing their firmans to
the ground when they offered to show them to him,
and proceeded to put them in stocks; but as their
English limbs, were of greater calibre than the ordinary
run of Turkish lower extremities, the orifices of the wooden
blocks proved too small, and the ruffi,ins began to jump
upon them, in order to force them on the limb—thus eau -
ing a torture analogous to that inflicted by the famous ir-n
boot, so frequently used to elicit the truth by thr. old
Scotch Privy Council. The leg of one of the offie:rs was
severely injured, and he is now under medical treatment
on that account. They were kept in prison all night, and
next morning the Aga, influenced by the remonstrances of
a Greek, who represented to him the impropriety of his
conduct and the probable punishment that awaited him,
set them at liberty. On Monday last Captain Davis, of
the Dido, gave in a report to Lord Ponsonby on the sub-
ject, and his Lordship has already demanded satisfaction
from the Reis Effendi.
The following intelligence from Egypt, of which
we find nothing in our Constantinopolitan Corres-
pondence, is from a German paper of the 20th,
just received :
ALEXANDRIA, MAY 26.—For some days past prepara-
tions have been secretly making, which indicate that im-
portant events are at hand. The Egyptian fleet will not
only receive a x months' pay, but it is taking in provisions
for six months; and hence it may be inferred that it will
shortly leave the port of Alexandria.
With respect to the place of its destination nothing has
transpired.
Several successive couriers have lately been sent to
Syria, and is affirmed that they had despatches of great
importance. It would not be strange if Mehemet Ali,
tired of the statue quo, had resolved, at length to seLtio
the matter by arms. It seems that the Hadschi Pacha
steam-boat, under Tuscan colours, which arrived here
yesterday from Constantinople, brought him favourable
news, not of the prospect of a speedy reconciliation with
the Porte, but of a great increase of his already numerous
partisans in Turkey.
