HOP INTELLIGENCE.

(Flom the Maidstone Gazette.)
MAIDSTONE.—The hope picking goes on rapidly, and
the weather has been for the last week highly favourable.
The same complaint exists of a n. nett lighter crop than
was expected. Great care is also requisite in picking, i❑
order to preserve good samples. Still no calculation can
be safely made as to the falling off of the duty, for the
sample is injured more than the crop; and as bad hops
pay as much duty as good onts, the quantity must still
serve as the only criterion.
MA ADEN AND NEIGHBOU RllOOO. —During the last
week picking has been in full operation. In small planta-
tions it is drawing to a close, and the crops generally fall
short of expectation. Some samples of first pickings have
met a ready sale at 61. 10s. to 71. 7s. per cwt. ; these
have been of good colour. The strictest attention is paid
in urging the pickers to manage their hop —to pick them
clean and well, keeping the flyers and those bruised by the
wind separate. When this is done, the dryer probably
may secure good samples, which will be valuable. The
prevailing opinion is the duty will not exceed much that
of last year.

The following is a statement of the cotton
manufacture in the United States, in 1931, as collected
by the Committee of the New York Convention. In the
twelve states of the Union there were 795 cotton mills,
with a capital of 40,715,984 dollars, manufacturing
annually 77,851,3161 b. of cotton, or 214,882 bales of
3611 b. each.
Number of spindles
Do. looms
Pounds of y4rn sold
Yards of cloth made 230 461,900
Pounds of cloth
Males employed
Females employed
HandsP(l‘73o:uat trlsdnabsdee of
employed
starch
Barrels
osfofowf
other
:eta::
aefuorortran'ilsizing —.--
57,520
1,641,253
17,2'45
,Tons of coal ditto
sttcoonsumed not enumerated doll. 502:94),:2412C2)50
Spindles then building
Gallons of oil consumed 172 924
,
300
Hand weavers
Total dependents
Annual value of cotton manufactures
Aggregate or total annual amount of ]17,626
~,,
gcs paid ddot.. 2160,(2"94),(9"14

English wool sold freely on Thursday last
at Bridgewater at Is. 81 per lb. ; the same article would
only fetch 73(1, three or four years ado.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 25, 1833,

Two reports of a very opposite nature have
been current since the arrival of the Echo
steamer from Lisbon and Oporto. One is that
the Regent Don PEDRO has applied for assist-
ance from the English Government, in order to
enable him to subdue the forces of his brother ;
the other is that Don MIGUEL has made pro-
posals of arrangement to the Constitutionalists,
which have been indignantly rejected. We are
able, from authority, to contradict both of these
statements, although we are not permitted, at
present, to state the precise nature of the de-
spatches which Lord PALMERSTON has received
from Lord WILLIANI RUSSELL. Don PEDRO
feels himself sufficiently strong to dispense with
the aid of our Government coupled with the con-
dition attached to it ; and on the other hand
Don MIGUEL has declared that he will never
make proposals to Don PEDRO. The arrange-
ments which appear to be at hand, will be the
result of a different mode of proceeding.

We have ascertained that up to the present
hour no official information has reached either of
the Embassies from Paris relative to the reported
revolt at Constantinople. Had this affair oc-
curred, as stated:in the accounts from Ancona,
we think official intelligence of it must have
reached the French Government, and have been
forwarded to this country. The event, how-
ever, must occur soon, if it has not already
taken place, but it will probably be at a moment
when the Emperor of RUSSIA shall be well
prepared with the means of crushing the revolt
immediately after it shall have proceeded suffi-
ciently ciently far for his purposes. The Russian
Cabinet are much more profound in their poli-
tics than the Moderates and Doctrinnaires of the
British and French Cabinets, and they know
well how to choose the time for operation. No-

thing but a war, or a much more resolute tone
of menace than has hitherto been used by France
and England, will prevent the Autocrat of the
ItUSSIAS from establishing his winter-quarters at
Constantinople.

The French Papers of Monday contain no
further news respecting the alleged revolution at
Constantinople ; and the general opinion now
is that the report was got up by interested
parties for a particular purpose. It appears that
the last despatches received from Constantinople
by the French Government are dated one day
after the pretended departure of the Meteor
steam-boat, which do not make any mention of the
revolution, but merely refer to a fire which con-
sumed 3,000 houses some time previously.
Now, we have had a similar account (certainly
the most probable) from the German papers,
which limited the number of houses to three
hundred, and yet upon this flimsy foundation
have the conflagration of 16,000 and the revo-
lution been got up.

_ .
The French KING and Royal Family reached
Fontainbleau on Saturday evening. These
papers contain no further news of any interest:—

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARts, SEPT. 23.
Five per Cents., 102 f. 30c. 15c.
Three per Cents., 75f. 50c.
Bank Actions, 1,720 f.
Rente de Naples, 90f. 95c.
Roman Five per Cents., 89%.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 1614
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., City.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 63 Ni.
Belgian Loan, PIM, 96.
Haytian Loan, 270 E
Miguelite Loan, 58.
EXCLIANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 50e. ; money, 25f. 45c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 35e. ; money, 25f. 35c.
—Cours Authentique.

The German Papers received to-day state,
that the Emperor of RUSSIA arrived at
Munchengratz on the 10th. It i 3 surmised
that at the Conference of the Sovereigns, to
which the King of BAVARIA, it is said, will
repair, the Emperor of AUSTRIA will resume
his old title of Emperor of GERMANY, and
that the German Confederation will be placed
on a more secure footing with respect to
offensive or defensive operations. One thing
is very clear, that the Emperor NICHOLAS will
endeavour, at any sacrifice, to secure the
acquiescence of Austria and Prussia to his plans;
but, like all other clever politicians, we hope that
the wily Autocrat will overreach himself. While
France and England keep on friendly terms, we
have no fear for the machinations of the " great
despots."

We trust that, among weightier matters, it
will not escape Prince TALLEYRAND, on his
arrival at Paris, to inquire rigorously how it
happened. that the seal of the French Foreign
Office was affixed to the packages of smuggled
lace, lately seized at Dover. This is a matter,
moreover, which well deserves the attention of
those who are negotiating the French treaty, for
if such abuses are to continue, it will be scarcely
possible that the commerce between the two
countries can be carried on upon the basis of
mutual good faith and honour—be the terms of
the treaty what they may.
We must again repeat that the frauds prac-
tised by persons s ng to be attached to
Ert-l'assies, and charged with despatches, are so
glaring, that it is incumbent upon Government
to take some steps to put an end to them. The
fair trader complains loudly, and with justice,
that valuable packages of goods, weighing
often a hundredweight and more, are allowed
to pass our Custom-houses without examina-
tion, because they are addressed to the French
ambassador, or the Brazilian Minister, or the
Portuguese Charge d'Affaires. We do not
use these names unadvisedly. The French
Douaniers at Valenciennes lately cut open a
suspected bag of a Russian courier, without
ceremony, and found it to contain contraband
Cachmere shawls. We should be curious to see
the contraband contents of the bags of all the
couriers, or pretended couriers, that have landed
in this country during the last six months. The
trade complains of the want of vigilance of the
revenue officers ; but, wherever the blame really
rests, the public expects of the Government that

it shall cease to countenance this wholesale
smuggling, and shall use its utmost exertions to
correct and limit all such diplomatic privileges
as are found to be the covers and cloaks of the
most abominable frauds.

The Meeting of the Parishioners of St. Bo
tolph, Bishopsgate, which took place yesterday,
is another sign of the times which—added to
those which have been daily occurring in all
parts of the country for the last eight months
and upwards—should induce the clergy to look
about them, and endeavour to ascertain by what
means they can avert the thunder-cloud that
now hangs over the whole establishment. It is
not enough that they write pamphlets, and up-
lift their eyes in pious deprecation of the im-
pending evil ; still less that they shrug their
shoulders, and console themselves with the reflec-
tion," things will last my time ;"—the time is past
for all such tame, lazy, half-and-half expedients ;
they must be up and stirring ; show themselves
equal to the emergency, and ready to listen to and
adopt (no matter from what quarter it comes)
whatever may wear the appearance of a sound,
constitutional remedy. The danger, we can
assure them, that threatens the Church, is no
distant one. Already the establishment is
within the rapids, and may even now, unless it
be " deafer than the deaf adder," hear the roar
of the cataract, down which it will assuredly be
hurried, should it not, by timely skill, and tact
succeed in shifting its course. The tithe system
must be put an end to, and some more equitable
means of remuneration adopted in its stead.
This is the very first remedy to which the clergy
must turn their attention. The grievance is
so onerous, and is of such long standing,
that the country can bear it no longer.
Next, the plurality system must be abolished,
and those who work all day in the clerical
vineyards, be paid for their labours out of the
abundance of those who stand by and do nothing.
The labourer is worthy of his hire," says the
Scripture ; but we do not find that the same high
authority sanctions an exorbitant rate of payment
to sloth and negligence. Another of the

besetting sins of the Church,Establishment is
its. countenance of non-residence. This abuse
has been carried to so extravagant a height, that
many a Churchman has been appointed to a
golden prebend, vicarage, or rectory, which he
has never visited, and of which he scarcely knows
the geographical position. Thus the late Earl of
BRIDGEWATER, and many others that we
could mention, held for a long term of years;
one of our most lucrative cathedral appointments,
he himself being constantly resident on the
continent, and spending the produce of his golden
stall in Italy or Paris. Such an abuse as this
reflects discredit on the whole Church Establish-
ment, and cannot with safety be permitted to
exist an hour longer. Then, as respects the
Dissenters. On no principle of equity that we
know of, should the members of one Establish-
ment be compelled to pay for the support of
another, from which, from conscientious motives,
they have been compelled to secede. Let each
flock support its own chosen shepherd. We
throw out these hints in no spirit of disrespect
to the Church. We venerate (on this side idolatry)
the establishment ; but, while we appreciate its
deserts, we are by no means blind to its defects.
It is just now in a position of considerable diffi-
culty and embarrassment ; plunged chin-deep
'in (what old BUNYAN calls) the Slough of
Despond ; but, nevertheless, it has every reason-
able chance of escape, if it will only temper
energy with discretion ; for no embarrassments
are so perplexing, no difficulties so great, but
that they can in time be surmounted, where the
head and heart of the sufferer both actively
combine to attempt his deliverance.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, SEPT. 24.—Wind S.S.W., fresh.

PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 24.—Wind S.S.W. to S.W.—
Arrived from London the Bencoolen, Hunt, and sailed for
the Mauritius. Off port the Duke of Clarence, Keane,
from Jamaica; and the Atlantic, Smith, from New York.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 22 Awn 23.—Wind S.--Arrived
the Hope, Irving, from Fernando; and the Renown, Clark,
from Cidiz.

FALMOUTH, SEPT. 23.—Wind S.S.N. to, S. fresh
breezes.—Arrived the Goldfinch packet, from Jamaica ;
sailed from Carthagena 29th July, Jamaica 6th ult., and
Crooked Island 18th. Sailed his Majesty's ship Pike,
for Lisbonand Oporto, with mails. Off port the Intrepid,
Gregson, from Monte Video; and the Adah, Martin, from
Port-au-Prince.

COWES, SEPT. 24.—Arrived the Harmony, Boutiller,
from Rio Janeiro ; and Courier, Watken, from St.
Domingo.
PORTLAND, SEPT. 24.—Arrived off port the Active,
Beckman, and Plymouth, —, from Baltimore ; and Mi-
nerva, Knoll, from —.
TOPSHAM, SEPT. 23.—Arrived the Annwell, Hender-
son, from St. Petersburgh.
ST. ALBANS HEAD, SEPT. 23.—... Arrived off port,
the Glory, Pope, from Smyrna.
BaisTor., SEPT. 24.—Arrived the Devon, from Cadiz.
CARDIFF, SEPT. 23.—Arrived the Colleria, Day, from
Meramichi.

LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 23.—Arrived the Ann M'Kenzie,
Gill, from Jamaica ; Magnet, Sullivan, from Quebec;
and the Frederick, Westcott, from St. John's, New
Brunswick.

MILFORD, SEPT. 23.—Arrived the Cambridge, Gaskin,
from St. Andrew's, New Brunswick.
CORK, SEPT. 22.—Arrived the William, Griffith, and
Clio, Dobson, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; and the
Navarino, Muffler, from London.
DUBLIN, SEPT. 23.—Arrived the Abel, Lewis, from
London; and Richard and Ann, Smith, from Liverpool,
which must discharge, having struck on Arklow Bank,
bound to St. Petersburgh.
WHITEHAVEN, SEPT. 22.—Arrived the Grace, Tag-
gart, from Quebec.

Arrived off Scilly, the Somersetshire, Ross, from Ja.
maica ; and Integrity, froni Bermuda.
The Opessem packet, from Falmouth to .limaica and
Mexico, was spoken with by the Goldfinch packet on the
Gth ult.

The Hibernia, Driscole, from Newport to Cork, sunk
n Penrith Roads on Monday—crew saved.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The only arrival this morning of consequence is a
Jamaica mail, by the Goldfinch, which sailed from
Jamaica on the 6th of August, and from Carthagena the
29th of July; by which conveyance Jamaica Papers have
been received at the North and South American Coffee-
house.

(From the Jamaica Papers.)
All the slaves of this colony who have the means of
purchasing their freedom, are now very anxious to do so.
One and all, with a few worthless exceptions, are very
much dissatisfied with the Ministerial plan, as they wish
to have their freedom in their own way.
(From the Courant of Aug. 5.)
The non-arrival of the packet still leaves us in a state
of uncertainty with regard to the plans of his Majesty's
Ministers respecting the fate of the West India Colonies.
We have, however, been assured on authority, that
the Bill granting his Majesty twenty millions towards
the abolition of slavery has received his Majesty's sanction.
A letter from Columbia of the 29th of September, received
by the packet, from Carthagena, states that there was no
❑ews there. Colonel Woodbine, wife, and son, were all
murdered in their plantation.
The refusal of Lord Mu'grave to appoint magistrates in
Kingston, except in his own way, had made some little
noise in that co►nmuniry.
Every thing was tranquil in the interior of the Island of
Jamaica. The slaves. were perfectly aware of the steps
taken for their amelioration, but they do not seem to relish
it. They are quite willing to be free, but they are
not at all disposed to understand why Massa should not
supply them with food and clothing as before.
Extract of a letter from Thur, Frontiers of Poland :
"We cannot read without horror the information
we receive from all parts of Poland ; the vengeance
of Russia still exists. Two persons were executed at
Sehadch, and we know the names of 25 persons who have
also perished ; amongst them was an officer who fought in
the late revolution, and was shot before the house of his
mother."

Accounts from Warsaw and Berlin state that Russia,
Prussia, and Austria, are going to make a new partition
of Poland, and that the Vistula will.be the limit between
Prussia and Russia.
