tulle of defiance affords against their running
away, when engaged even In the more animat-
ing and congenial service of attacking, reputa-
tion, what steadfastness and vigour they may be
ea.:::
anxiety
d tc)toon•yd i
os it:lea yw
whose
shee t
character occupied t h
ei :
'fence, becomes- a question therefore of some
its
assume,de-
a right to protect. The anxiety natural in
such a case must however be redoubled when
it is seen that no other attempt to vindicate the
character, of the witness than what consists in
traducing . that of the Noble Governor of the
Cape. "If .(say these judicious advocates of
character) we . hear of attempts :to blacken the
character of this fatal witness, to run him down
by emissaries sent to England from the Cape,and
thus raise a prejudice against him in relation to
his transactions with Lord
,Charles Somerset, we
shall know what to think of it." The information
conveyed to the public by this passage, casting
out of it the gratuitous and unsupported insinua-
tion against the Noble Lord, is simply that the
conversation of persons coming from the Cape is
not-generally much in-praise of the gentleman. It
might be supposed, indeed, that the declared
opinions of persons coming from the spot
were of a most decided complexion, in re-
spect to the prospective witness in question,
from the desperate: nature of the attempt thus
made to get rid of their effect, if it were, not
known that there is a class of advocates who are
seldom found in possession of a judgment sufli-
den ly cool to prevent them from going beyond
the exigencies of their case ; justice towards the
witness, however, demands that this consideration
should in the present instance limit the infer-
ences we might otherwise be disposed to draw.
We are told, in allusion to an amusement, of
which in common we believe with most Eng-
lish gentlemen, Lord Charles Somerset is fond,
" that there is no more decisive expedient it
jockeyship than to bribe the adversary's farrier,
and so get' the horse we are most afraid of laruki
before the race begins." We are at a loss which
most to admire, the delicacy or force of thisAl-
lusiou ; we will however venture to remind those
who have employed it, that there is another ex-
pedient at least equally decisive, that of fasten-
ing upon the adversary the undeserved odium of
mal-practices, after we have been such blun,
derers as to bet upon a horse already lame, with
he shabby intention of getting back a stake.

[MORNING HERALD.]

The Swiss Cantons, it appears, are not the
only Government that let out their people as
mercenaries to foreign Sovereigns. A. similar
contract, .or capitulation, as it is termed, has
been Concluded by the French Government
with the Pacha of Egypt, and. in pursuance
of it, fifty French Officers: are on their way
to Egypt, where they: are to enjoy full
pay on the Egyptian establishment, with the
honours of the Urban, retaining at the same
time in France their half-pay, and chances
Of promotion. The Avoritt of it is, that
these officers are going to 'engage in the cause
ef barbarism, slavery, and 'Mallomet, against
religion, liberty, and the Greeks. The whole
liberal and religious feeling of Europe Will revolt
against these officers, no doubt, and their con-
duct is altogether indefensible. &kit would be
well to try those, or some of them, who.cry out
against this apostacy, by the standard of their own
sentiments. The merchants and manufacturers
of France, and those of England, whatever their
opinions, whether Liberal, Jesuitical, or Evan-
gelical, do not hesitate to make exchanges of
produce, manufactures, and money, with the
Paella of Egypt, though they must be well aware
that the profits which the said barbarian and infi-
del. Paella derives thence, reinforce him as effee-

wally 'attainst the Greeks, as the skill and
blood of the apostate French mercenaries. Sup
pose the Pacha of Egjpt came into the Stock
Exchanges of London end Paris to contract for a
loan, offering high interest, and any thing
of a tempting security, would the most
Chriitian of our Christian capitalists have
any scruple in dealing with him, though
they knew the proceeds of the loan were
to be used against their Christian brethren in
Greece--and, further, that the future deprecia-
tion of the stock must fall upon their Christian
brethren at home ? A 9 for the Hebrew gentle-
men—they are neutrals, and at liberty to deal
with either party upon the best bidding. An
evening contemporary expresses a lofty confi-
dence that these officers are of 'the Bouttpartean
school, and calls upon the French journal
which states the fact to confer the further obli-
gation of telling whether these 50 tenet ades are of
those who " served under the banners of Ali
Buonaparte," or of the soldiers of Conde end La
Vendee. 'Here the crohruillileettriligcaeatseins;,jtufosacriafts,,itrsvaassrhfeatticitit.
deansown,
it,rteorteyprgofat.:ehieisniyn tkhleand followers of Conde, afterwards wore
the uniform and 'received pay under the
banners of this vary Ali Buonaparte
and that swarms of them infested his
ante chamber, from the moment he. had
one to :receive them, excepting only during his
retirements at Elba anti St. Helena. The truth
is, that pure. virtue and heroic disinterestedness
are so rare and unnatural in our high state of-civi-
lization and philosophy, the less people reproach
their neighbours with the want of them the better.
One party, however, deserves reprobation in this
affair—always supposing' the statement true—viz.
the French Government. An indiVidual devotes
his life, industry, and resources, as his own discre-
tion, In any way not forbidden by the laws, and
at his own peril in all cases; but ,a Government
is the conservator of international law and ethics;
and huts higher duties to perform—it is without
immediate and direct controul, and therefore en.
der:a -more solemn responsibility.

A plant called (he cc aerial epidendrium," a
native of Java and the East Indies, is kept in
houses, suspended from the cieling by a string,
where, from year to year, it continues to put forth
new leaves, and new blossoms, excited only to
new life by the stimulus of the surrounding at-
mosphere.
