FRIVOLOUS SUITS B LL.

On the Order of the Day being moved fGr the third
reading of the Frivolous Suits Bill,
Mr. H. BERKELEY moved that the Bill should be
read a third time that day six months.
After a few words from Mr. GORDON and Mr. CRESS.
WELL, the third reading of the Bill was postponed till
Thursday next.
SALE OF BEER BILL.

Mr. PAKINGTON moved that the Report on this
Bill should be received.
Mr. S. O'BRIEN opposed the motion, and moved that
the debate should be adjourned.
Lord SA NDON seconded the motion.
Mr. PAKINGTON objected to the adjournment of
the debate.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the
House divided, when there appeared—
For receiving the Report 47
For the adjournment of the debate
Majority fur the adjournment
On the motion for the third reading of the Inclosure
Act, _ _ _ . .

Mr. PRYME moved the insertion of the following
clause :—And whereas, by the said secondly above re-
cited Act, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for
two-third parts in number and value of the several persons
who shall be interested in manner therein mentioned, in
any open and common arable fields (including any untitled
slips or balks therein). or any open and common meadow
or pasture lands or fields, in any parish, township, or
place, in England or Wales, known by metes and bounds,
or occupied according to known and legal rights, might
in manner therein mentioned, inclose such said lands and
fields ; and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said
secondly above recited Act applies .to and includes such
open and common arable fields as have certain tracts of
grass land commonable during part of each year, or holden
in severalty or by lot, or other appointment, by or among
persons interested therein during other part of each year,
adjacent thereto, but not separated by any fence from such
open and common aralihrli.:l4.--,,iii,"-•tr-therefore-
that the said secondly above recited Act, and all powers
there in contained, shall be adjudged and construed to
apply and extend to all such open and common fields
and tracts of grass land as are hetein mentioned.
Mr. BRADSHAW moved that the 'debate on the
clause should be adjourned ; but on the suggestion of Sir
T. FRE EM A NTL E, he withdrew his motion, and the
clause was brought up.
The Bill was then read a third time and passed, the
clause being added by way of rider.
The Master in Chancery Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed.
TROOPS IN INDIA.

Lord HO WICK moved for certain Returns relative
to the pay of the troops in India. The Noble Lord said
he did so in consequence of the discussion which had
arisen on the subject in the debate on the Army Estimates.
Sir J. C. HOB HOU SE, after some strong remarks on
the impropriety of reviving controversies on this subject,
expressed a hope his Noble Friend would not press the
motion.

After a few words from Mr. ELLIOT and Sir JAMES
GRAIIAM,

-------
Lord HOWICK consented to postpone the motion to
Thursday next.
Tha House then adjourned at Half-past One.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI-

SLAVERY CONVENTION.

The Convention a.sernbled yesterday at the Friends' meet-
ing-house, White Hart-court, Gracechurch-street,

Dr. GREVILLE in the Chair.
SUPPRESSION OF THE SLAVE TRADE

Mr. T. FOSTER moved resolutions (substantiali)r the same as
those printed below), but containing the words, " call upon
the British Government to use all moral principle and religious
measures to suppress the slave-trade."
Colot. el WATCIIOP, R.N., made an appalling statement of
the horrors he witnessed in the slave-trade from Africa—
hundreds were stewed in a space not two feet nine inches high!
--(Hear, hear)—and, on the alarm of crtesers were merci-
lessly thrown o4erboard--( Hear, hear.) No colouring; could
exceed the atrocities of the slave -trade.— ( Hear, hear.) It
was a gambling transaction, in which the miscreants cared no
more for the lives of negroes than dogs.--( Hear, hear. )
Dr. Cox objected to the word " religious," as implying a
call upon the Government to take religious measures under its
sanction, which he thought would compromise the question of
religious establishments.
The Rev. Mr. Blitz concurred in the objection.
Mr. (latest-La considered that by "religious means" was
only intended acting on those great Christian principles which
all Governments should follow.—( Hear. hear. )
Mr. HARVEY said, as a Scotch Dissenter, he could not
agree to the words, which would compromise the question now
being discussed with so much violence in Scotland.
Mr. STURGE and Mr. BACK HOUSE were of opinion that the
words only implied that the Convention would act for the
suppression of the slave-trade on religious principles.—( Hear. )
Col. MILLER strongly supported the retention of the words.
Mr. STUaGE again expressed himself deeply convinced of
the prom iety, by these means, of powerfully conveying the
sense of the Convention as to the superiority of the religious
measures, of which alone they could recognise the employment.
After a good deal of discussion and many suggestions,
The Rev. Mr. Patee rearetted much that the discussion
should have bten clouded and disturbed by the unnecessary in-
troduction of prejudices attached to the Church and State con-
troversy.—( Hear, hear.)—He was for the retention of the
words, as only meaning the high importance of the Govern-
ment acting on Christian principles for putting down the slave
trade.—( Hear, hear.) He was astonished that any one should
object to it.—( Hear, hear. )
The Rev. Mr. ROBINSON asked who could suppose that. these
words could be looked upon as implying an approval of Church
establishments coming from Joseph Sturge s Parliament.—
;tinagndththe,eieference
(Hear, hear, and a laugh. )
miTghhtisliwe
amseatglarey
The Rev. J. H. Hisrrote at last suggested that the difficulty
Resolution, and
t to
passed merely express the opinion of the Convention
arnfmolel:
46 That it is extremely desirable that
edomtoit
provisions. should be
made by the laws of those nations where is tolerated for
giving full and effectual relief to perssoraisverlyt
and held in slavery in consequence of suet) illegali eally imported
and to their offspring, as also to such persons i hainvilePsret on,n
o
may, in consequence of their entering the limits of countriese r
in
which slavery exists as aforesaid, be reduced to caVer"
" That, in the opinion of this Convention the presentY. means
in operation for the suppression of the slave trade have la•mei ta
ably failed of success, that the sufferings of the slaveshaie been
greatly augmentad,' that vast sums of money have been fruitlessly
expended, and that no means can be effectual except such as are
based on moral, religious, and pacific principles."
'6 That it is the opinion of the Committee that the scheme of
Mr. Turnbull, as explained by him in his statement submitted
ted
to this Convention, though it involves questions of detail i.to
which this Convention cannot enter, is in its object and
Liens
and several of its sugges ,of great practical i pur-
pose, amport-
attention
ance, and demands the earliest of the Governments
ted in the mixed Cominission Courts, but that the on
ly
security on y
security for the extinction of the slave trade it the universal
abolition of slavery."
" That the most cordial thanks of this Convention be given
to Mr. Turnbull for the unwearied zeal and able exertions with
which he has prosecuted the object."
Mr. TuasTauLL then proposed that the Convention further
adopt more specifically the resolutions which follow, and detail
more specifically the nature of his plans. On the motion of
Me. &urge and another friend, however, he withdrew them, it
not appearing convenient to pledge the Convention so minutely
to particular measures.--
1. That the African Slaie Trade was legally abolished hi
the British West India Colonies at least twenty-seven years
before the final abolition of negro slavery in these colonies.
That the African Slave 'trade has for several years been
suppressed in the Isle of Bourbon, French Guiana, and the
French West India islands, although slavery itself has not yet
been abolished in these Colonies.
