MISCELLANEOUS.

The Bishop of FERNS gave notice, that towards the end of the
aext lieek he should bring forward a motion founded on the Re-
port of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the state of
Schools in Ireland.

On the motion of Earl DARNLEY, certain papers connected
with, that Report were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the office of the Chief Secretary for Ire-
land, presented an account of the number of Banks established in
that country.—Laid on the table.
MI S SOL ONG H I.

Earl GROSVENOR wished to ask the Noble Earl opposite a
question regarding the affairs of Greece. A letter had appeared
in a Morning Paper (the Morning Post), supposed to be written
by au English Colonel in the Greek service, who witnessed and
described the fall of Missolonghi. Great as hid been the efforts of
the Greeks, and the estimation in which they were held, this letter
was calculated to excite still greater admiration iu the constancy
and heroism of a city which had repelled seventy attacks, and had
only fallen at last, after the thinned ranks of its besiegers had been
reinforced by 20,000 barbarians. On such a subject there was,
he felt convinced, but one opinion throughout the House and the
country. What lie wished to ask the Noble Earl, who would give
ad direct or indirect an answer as, hg might think proper, was
whether he entertained any hope whatever of the cause of the
Greeks being taken up. From what had been stated;in the letter
to which he had alluded, it was evident that the cause miss not
desperate. He was therefore anxious 'to hear that it was not en-
tirely abandoned; and that the Greeks were not laid for ever at
the feet of their oppressoisi. He knew that Russia was said to be
disposed to interfere in behalf of the Principalities which she was
bound by treaties to protect, but he hoped that the annihilation of
Greece would not be made the price of the liberation of Wallachia
or Mold:win.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL could give no other answer than
that he believed the report of the fall of Missolonghi was erro-
neous, as to the time at which that event' was stated to have oc-
curred. The facts mentioned in the letter could not therefore be
true, for it represented Miss()looghi to have fallen at a time when
it certainly had not fallen. He bed had no diffieulty in answering
this queutim►, its it was one abOnt news : but the other put by the
Noble Earl was of a different nature. It related to transactions
between Foreign States, in which this country hail throughout
remained . perfectly neutral, and on which he could express no
opinion. Their Lordships and the country were, aware that the
policy of his Majesty's Government on that subject, whether right
or wrong, was one of neutrality. To this policy 'we had re-
mained faithfully attached, and had not interfered.

WEST INDIES.
Lord REDESDALE presented a Petition from certain Mer-
chants and Traders, 'holding Mortgagee on West India property,
who prayed for the adoption of measures calculated to restore the
value of that property. The Noble and Learned Lord stated its
depreciation to be such,, in consequence of the pending discussions
and proposed emancipation of slaves, that marriage settlements
could not be executed, and mortgagee had no value. He depre-
cated the idea of precipitation in emancipating the negroes. Their
Lordships and the country ought to know that the immediate
abolition of slavery was imposirible, or that if it were carried into
effect, it would cause another massacre of the whites, similar to
that which had once taken place at St. Domingo. The operation
of time could alone put an end to slavery: Means must first be
adopted to give slaves that character which alone could fit them
for freedom. They must acquire religion and property, and
there must be inequality amongst themselves, that they may
reap advantage from their relative situations. He would not
pretend to say what it might become their Lordships to adopt ;
but something 'like a declaration that it was intended that,
whatever should be done, should proceed from the Colonial
Assemblies, would have the effect for which the petitioners
prayed. It was important that something should be done, to
afford to the property of the petitioners the protection of the
country.—(A copy of the Petition will be found in our fourth
page.)
The Earl of LIVERPOOL, after expressing much respect for
the Noble sad Learned Lord, and the petition which he had
presented, begged leave to say, that if he supposed that
there was any intention on the part of Parliament or the public
to precipitate the emancipation of the negroes, he should be as
much opposed to that measure as his Noble Friend himself, or
any other man of sense in the country. Not only ought the
subject to be approached with caution, but all the great inte-
rests of property and others which were involved ought to make
it one of peculiar attention. Neither must the country herself
lose sight' of that great consideration, that the system which
she was anxious to abolish had been her own work, and that the
planters had engaged' in it under her own direct encouragement
for wort thin 100 years. After saying this, he could not help
ignihrsitiuteldeetpherecgoruerset thwathitcliilethCoeylonial Assemblies should
ought to have done. As
expressing his deep regret that the Colonial Assemblies should
not rhesa
vs ien
some of our colonies stood in a different situation from the rest,
the Crown haiing a right to legislate for them, it had been hoped,
by exercising that right in a proper manner within them, to chalk
out course' for others, and to spew what mode of legislation
was thought to be, applicable to all. This had been done with
respect to Trinidad and Demerara, and other Colonies had
adopted some of the ameliorations effected in those settlements.
Let the Noble -Lord and -the Petitioners lonic at what had al-
ready been done, and let them say, whither it betrayed any
precipitation? No : it was all a course of gradual and moderate
ameliorations. Let the Colonies lend themselves to such a
course. Danger would not arise to them from temperate con-
cessions, but from resisting the will of Parliament and of the
,
country. Let them shew a disposition to adopt those principles,
and from that moment they would be entirely under British pro-
tection, but this protection was not to be gained by an opposite,
conduct Let the Noble Lord look at the prominent featarea of
the Order in Council sent- to Trinidad, and let him say whether
danger could, possibly accrue from adopting its suggestions?—
He would allow, and had allowed time for the action and removal of
prejudices, and he had admitted that it would be a great advantage
if the Colonies would of-themselves do all that was necessary to be
done: Ile-regretted that they did not render all interference su-
perfluous by adopting the propositions submitted to them as the
course most consonant with their aalety. But let them set about
the work with a sincere desire, a true anitntts to improvethe con-
dition of Slaves. Should Parliament see them once follow that
course, they would have nothing to dread from the mother coun-
try, but might rely upon her for protection. He sincerely wished
that the Colonists would -adopt a conciliatory course, and not place
themselves in that unfOrtunate situation which would force Par-
liament to legislate for them.
Lord -SUFFIELD defended the Abolitionists against the charge
