I.believed that the publication of the princiules set forth in the
Addrei,es wrthd be attended 'with great and mar%nitierAlt re-
sults, on which he would say a few words before he i ca.. ,he Ad-
! dresses. It was known that the cultivation and manufacture of
cotton had only lately been introduced into Egypt, although it
was-well-known that the cotton-plant was indigenous in that
country, and the manufacture was practised there many age.;
ago. He himself took once from the mummy of a child, with
his own hands, a piece of cotton cloth in which it was swathed;
and it was the fact, that when the Viceroy was lately making a
journey up the Blue Nile, he found in the forests vast quantities
of the cotton-plant growing wild.—( Hear.) Now, in Egypt,
the wrges of agricultural labourers were not more than 2.101. per
day; and (as we understood the Learned Gentleman) the cul-
tivation of the cotton plant might be made to give abundant
employment to that population, and to supply snfficient for the
demands of Europe, without recoutse being had to the produce
of slave labour. If there were in the districts of the slave hunts
in Africa, confusion and disquiet, misery and desolation, slavery
was the cause.—( Hear, hear.) It was delightful to him to see
in that Convention the interest which was manifested for the dif-
ferent races of mankind, and to observe that every -member
of that body had some portion of his fel'ow-creatures com-
mitted to his charge.—(Hear, hear.) For his part, he felt
himself impelled to look with some degree of interest upon the
races of Eastern Africa, amongst whom i t had been his- lot to
dwell.—( Hear, hear.) He could not forget their bright eyes,
their dancing hearts, and musical voices ; nor ectul f he help
feeling that the meeting which he was addressing could dimi-
nish what portion of misery those people were subjected to.
He was sure that if the Convention could effect what he aimed
at, and could prove to the Eastern Princes (a 3 it was capable
of being proved) that they had a deep interest in the overthrow
of slavery—if it could assure them that their own prosperity
was closely connected with the liberty of the negro—a vast deal
would be effected towards the complete attainment of the grand
object of the Society.—( Hear.) He would with these views
move two resolutions, upon which the addresses—one to Lord
Palmerston, and the ether to the Pacha of Fp pt—were to be
founded. Thefirst resolution was to this effect

6, That the present moment, when the European Powers
are exercising so great an influence in the affairs of the Ortri.
man empire, is peculiarly favourable to their intervention fur
the suppression of slavery in the re!ooris of the East, and that
a memorial be pi esented to Lord Viscount Palmerston, en-
treating his Lord6hip's assistance in obtaining such declara-
tions fr ins the Sultan as are likely to lead to the entire sup-
pression of slavery in the countries subject to the Sultan's Go-
vernment."
He believed that it would not be difficult to show to the satis-
faction of the Grand Seignior, who was the representative of
the Caliphat, that slavery was at varance with the law of the
Koran. To some extent it was expressly forbidden in that
book. He then read the following address to Lord Palmer stun,
as the one to be founded on the resolution which he had just
read :
"My Lord—l have the honour to communicate to your Lord-
ship a resolution unanimously passed at a meeting of the Ge-
neral Anti-Slavery Convention, held at Freemason's Hall, on
the 17th of the present month.

" Associated for the great object of abolishing slavery by
means solely of a moral, religious, and pacific character, they
have not been inattentive to the course of events in the Oriental
world, and while they breathe an earnest prayer that the crimes
and calamitieg of war may be prevented by the friendly inter-
vention of the powers of Europe, they would humbly and
earnestly implore your Lordship to use your high authority for
connecting the overthrow of slavery with the consolidation of
peace. In considering the situation filled by the Grand
Seignior as the representave of the ('aliphat, the Convention
feel a strong conviction that if a declaration could be obtained
from his Imperial Highness condemn ,tort' of slavery in any or
all its forms, encouraging the manumission of slaves, and calling
the attention of the .‘lussulman world to the state of opir.ion
among civilised nations and governments, ow h a declaration
could not but produce a happy influence throughout the Otto-
toman empire, and the Convention respectfully suggest to your
Lordship that the friendly interposition of Great. Britain could
be employed for no nobler purpose, and that its success would
reflect high honour on the Governor of the Turkish empire, so
eminently instrumental in strengthening the foundations of the
Turkish -Gov,rnment, and in diminishing the fearful amount
of degradation, wickedness, and misery which everywhere ac-
company slavery.

" I have the honour to be, my Lord,
"Your Lordship's obedient servant."

He believed that the interference of the itish Government, in
the way suggested in that address, was not only practicable;
but would be attended .ith the happiest. results. In reference
to the address to the Pacha of Egyyt, he should have to move
the following resolution :
" That this meeting has learnt with deep interest the mea-
sures adopted by the Viceroy of Egypt for the suppression of
the abominable slave-hunts by his Royal Highness's troops, and
especially the declaration of his wish to aid in bringing about
the extinction of slavery. That the thanks of this meeting be
communicated to him, with the assurance that the friends of
civilization throughout the world hail with delight every
step taken by the Viceroy in furtherance of his just and gene-
rous purposes, whether by impeding the importation of and the
traffic in slaves—by the encouragement of agricultural produc-
tions in Central and Eastern Africa, by the abolition of the
slave market in his dominions—or by any other. legitimate and
pacific measures which may facilitate the manumission-of slaves
and the entire overthrow of slavery::

Upon that resolution, which he hoped the moeting would
find no difficully in cordially approving—( Applau;ej—the fol-
lowing address to the PacLa would be founded :
HIGHNEss

"An assembly of men gathered from various parts of the
world are now met in this Capital to discuss the best means of
putting an end to slavery and the slave-trade.
" It has come to their knowledge that when a representation
was made to your Highness that the Egyptian troops had been
engaged in hunting slaves, and had received slaves in payment
of their wages, your Highness was pleased to communicate your
dissatisfaction, and to express your wish 'to abolish a disbo-
mumble traffic, even though its abolition should be attended
with some sacrifices.' .

" Your Highness's declaration has been laid before the Par-
liament of Great Britain, and has thus come• to the 'knowledge,
not only of the British people, but of the civilized world; and I
any inslructed by this Convention to -convey to your- Highness
-the expression of sheir gratitude for the sieps,,fyou,haveltil7,
ready taken, and their most earnests hvipen thkellnsul "!titil.t"
deign to give complete effect to your just and-?eenerifitiii
intentions. They wil hail with delight every pacific mea-
sure which your Highness ma-, adopt, in otder to pre-
vent the importation of and the trade in slaws. They
have witnessed with much satisfaction all that has been
done to encourage and protect the blacks -in their peaceful pur-
suits of agriculture, and are persuaded not only that the tran-
quillity but the p •osperity both of Government and people are
intimately connected with the unmolested industry which can
never exist while the persons and the properties of the negrees
are exposed to unchecked violence. They would trust that
your Highness might also consent to abolish the slave markets
in Egypt ; and if they thus urge on your Highness these their
most respectful solicitation!, it is that they have been encou-
raged by past evidences of your humane purposes to appeal to
you for giving them their full development.
" I have the honour to be
" Your Highness's most devoted humble servant," &c.
Aeirre.stnßlCHAßDand WEas thought the documents exceedingly
interesting, he was ranch pleased with them. But he
thought it was inconsistent to point to the practices of civilized
nations in this respect, when so large a portion of the civilized
world as America composed was guilty of slavery._( Hear. )
l‘f
could r.GERG4reSertAocE Y expressed some doubt that the Con-
vention such words as that they looked to strength-
ening the foundation of the 6ttoman empire.
13traxErr could not see any objection to
l °explained that the words had no reference to
religion.—( Hear, hear. )
anyDThe
question
of
J.
ev.
strengthening the foundation of the Ottoman empire.—( Hear. )
That Convention had no objects which could be attained by the
overthrow of any empire.—( Hear, hear.) On the contrary,
they could never be friendly to such revolution which could
only be effected by bloodshed and other evils.—( Hear, hear.)
The address expressed a desire only to see the empire strength-
ened in its foundation by the amelioration of its civil institu-
vtioounrs'o—fLiilaeinisEn a
institu-
tions.—(Hear, a
hear.)
The resolutions were not at all in ft-
religion ; but as that word occurred in
them, and was liable to be misunderstood, it might be altered.
Mr. FULLER knew that he had fearful odds against him
when he measured logic with Dr. Bow ring. —( Laughter.)
say that it was inconsistent to state in the ad-
dressesthis was a Convention of the world, when it had
Still he t
hwa otul d
been declared to be only a Committee of the Anti-Slavery
Society.—(oh, oh!) It it was a Convention of the world,
why were some of those who were delegated to it obliged to sit
?—( Oh, oh ! and a laugh.) He did not think
the
et hde,ng:e
milerYnt came from the betty it was de.;cribed to come
from. It was also stated to convey tha unanimous opinion 6of
hy:tnereei
agerodneini
the body—for he did not know that he should vote for it; indeed,
he did not know that he should vote at all.—( A laugh. )
The resolutions and the addresses were then put, and carried
protractedd
to
.loudlyndguhloa,lrvh(e)
hi
oifchto :ho
emancipation
rtl
had
al
to
called
nl
following
coisafiilmeaonipcoudra::::,,tu.
oieiinoi camegsndmb
iscnri
ce:fimtotseia
heir:hiv(tn,ru;a:ealts: andeiaish:s_t
without dissent, and amidst applause.
ad
h
ions
strictly
tlrialeiarouieeivdmientetetti Captainchineytiooaraenritkaoecosittllnihefui
gSveedtrsae
dhs,npUe tam, c
possible.cromof tte
constrained
.titatirb.
heaeetletr:il
" That this Association earnestly recommend• to the friends of
humanity and religion, everywhere, to disuse slave-labour pro-
duce, and, instead of it, to use free-labour produce as far as
practicable." In the first place, they ought to disuse slave-
labour produce, because, by using it, they more directly and
effectually, than by any other means, supported slavery, anti
mingled with their superfluities the blood of the slave.--( Ap-
plause. ) They should use free-labour produce instead of it, as
far as practicable, because, thereby, whilst they honestly pleased
themselves, they administered, in the most beneficial manner
to the-wants of the industrious poor; and he said that those
two recommendations should be acted on as far as practicable,
because he was persuaded that duty, in this matter, required
only what was practicable, without sacrilic:ng either life or
health.

The Rev. Mr. JAMES seconded the resolution.
The Rev. Mr. Bu RS ET thought that the words " as far as
practicable" gave too great a latitude to per, ons of easy con-
science in this matter. He believed that few of the slave-
owners themselves could be found that would not say that they
were desirous of discountenancing slavery "as far as prac-
ticable." But if the matter was left to them, their imprac-
ticabilities would be very numerous.—(llear, hear.) He
suggested that the words "as far as practicable" be omitted.
Captain STUART said he would support the retention of the
words.
Mr. G. BENNET supported the resolution as it stood. He
thought.it should be left to every person's conscience to decide
how far it was practicable to act upon the recommendation.
Colonel MILLER thought it was his duty to state to the Com-
mittee that there were thousands in America who used not,
handled not, touched not, anything produced by slave labour.—
( Applause.) His family had for many years used maple sugar
at ten cents. per lb. when they could purchase New Orleans
sugar at five cents.—( Applause.) He was talking to a slave-
owner the other day, and told him that the abolitionists would
starve the slave-owners out.—(Much applause. )
Mr. FULLER said he believed there were hundreds mire in
America who abstained from the produce of slave-labour than in
pinch of snuff. —(
England.—( Hear.) He looked upon the receiver as quite as
bad as the thief ; and it was on that principle he expressed his
regret the other day at seeing an excellent abolitionist, wha pro-
.hoped the on
.13efore
fessed to abstain from using the produce of slave labour, taking a
port the omission of the words objected to.
Mr. Jost A n FOSTER and Mr. CREwnsoN supported the reso-
lution as it stood.
haVr.STuaoe had felt a deep interest on this question, and
fora considerable time looked at it pretty ,
ac andt
thoughhip
he was one of those guilty parties who had never wiped
handst -he
slave-drawnresolutton reduce,
it would be allowed to pass. He thought that they ought to
strengthen the hands of the faithful. lie had been with their
be well
dear and venerated friend, Mr. Clarkson, that morning, and he
sure they all knew. He would read to the meetingclaonseeli,
had put into his hands a letter by Samuel Webb, whom he was
from that
worthy . .
stand the Abolitionists have the majority in England--nay,
some say all England is abolitionised. If anything like that
be the case, let not this appeal to you for help evaporate in
wordy Sympathy for us or for the poor slaves. We ask not for
pecuniary nor for i) hY deal aid; but if you people are Aboli-
tionists (which -
Ido not doubt), them say to the
let
slave-holder, " Keep your cotton at home, it is stained with
blood! Your sugar is moistened with the tears of suffering
humanity ; we will have none of them. We can procure a
supply of such articles free from the taint of slavery." He
