VitANCE.

M +W,F' iY
~!

TO 7:1713 EDITO.I4 or likt
must begin my teßer `xpressing an opinion
to whichl I adhere more 4ritA'y than ever, viz. that a reVolu-
-1"1 France is in4gttbie. It is true that all accounts
t. 11)., that iting4etn are of the most peaceful kind., and to
Je tine:xi/winced eye, matters may slectil hi.Mtling down
into something like permanency but you may rest assuree
that This tranquillity is deceitful ; the precursor of a storm
on the eve of bursting. All reVolutions take us by sur-
prise ; they arc of themselves necessarily sudden,,although
the events that cause them are usually of slow creation.
Nothing, therefore, may happen. for some time to come to
startle the world generally : meanwhile, circumstances
daily 'occur to render it imperative on Lours PHILLIPPE
eith. Pr to change his system or resign his situation.
During the " THREE DAYS"—i have not the heart now
10 call them " Glorious"—when the effervescence -of the
people was at its greatest height, many prudent men, from
whose minds the appalling image of the Great Revolution
had not passed away, bailed th Duke of Orleans as the
fittest person to save the country from the horrors of
T'archy. They saw, or rather fancied they saw, in him a
uisposition to amalgamate Monarchical with Liberal prin-
ciples, and to govern according to the improving spirit of the
times, and the maxims of honour and justice. Attache:!, to
the office of king which presented, to all appearanrzes, the
best guarantee for unity and stability at a mo:nent when
they were the grand desiderata, these well -fneaning indivi-
duals offered the crown with smiling countenances to the
man who had always possessed a Ir.:ce for free institutions,
and had been their active advo,;;;Lte at the bead of a coterie
hostile and odious to the co;art party. " Let us not," said
they, endanger the peaee of France by idle experiments,
whilst the• hero of VALSIE and JEMMAPES is willing, for
our good, to abandr:n his happy foyer, and court the dangers
and difficulties of 4 throne, whose foundation is the PEOPLE."
Such was the lrAnguage in 1830 of the majority of the nation
and, consequently, Louis PHILIPPE was acknowledged
King of the French amid the bravos of his braves comarades
--tile National Guard.

Since that -period and the present, what a change, what
miglaty change, has taken place in the breasts of those
whom LOUIS PHILLIPPE has to thank for his snug berth !
Row many bitterly regret the hour they passed in forging
cha;.ns for their own limbs How many who loathed the
ile.me of CHARLES X., now own with downcast looks that
he at least was but a pauvre intbecillc! No isolated act
Las roused reflections like these, but a continued series of
offences both of omission and commission from the time
that the despot—x:4l2*xv.---found himself firmly seated
and rid of his troublesome friends. In the first two years
Of his rule nothing could exceed the general joy and satis-
faction—the towns and villages through which the Sovereign
passed vied with each other in their demonstrations of re-
spect and love ; no prospoct could possibly be more bril-
liant or flattering. Even when symptoms of a certain
BOURBON disease began first to appear, that elicited a few
Significant observations from the cote gauche, even then the
voice of patriotic caution was lost in the applauses of the
deluded masses. They could not believe the, brave and
eloquent DUKE OF O.I3.LEANS capable of stabbing his own
fair fame ; the fatbi-Jr* of a fine family—the well known
bon enfant of the ;mid circle—the pilot who had weathered
many a tempest- —the friend of WASHINGTON—the compa-
nion of LAFA-fETTE—the exile of FRANCE and guest of
ENGLAND-410 care-worn soldier " little blessed with the
set phr6s of courts, but whose arms

" Had us'd
Their dearest action in the tented field,"-;-
this 'was not the man to forget the past and betray his
cause. A deaf ear was turned to the murmurs of the
kw, and they were pitied as idle visionaries, or despised as
Tactious citizens. But the whispers that at first only were
beard, grew at last into a deep and soltnnn voice, that at
the present day commands the vast rr,ultitude. ODILLON
BARROT, MAUGUIN, DUPIN, ARAr...O, the patriot and phi-
losopher, are listened to with attention, where, but a few
months ago, they might as w' ii have addressed the waves
of the sea. Their views, "set forth in the sober language
of reason, and supported, by the excellency of their private
characters, have beee'ine universally known, and begin to
be rightly appreciated. The admirable address of ODIL-
LON BARROT to b.. 15 electors opened the eyes of thousands,
and subsequent ministerial acts happily illustrated with pe-
culiar force tl'.e truth of his observations. The timid Doc-
trinnaire stepped forth from the narrow path to which he
had limited his political understanding, and owned that he
saw no ;thing in this constitutional manifesto contrary to the
priric;:ples ofe Monarchy, or incapable of attainment. He
felt the sentiments o'f,:the avowed organs of the mouvement
to be in unison with his own, and his faith was slightly
'shaken when he found the Ministerial journals fiercely de-
nouncing him as the feeble imitator of O'CONNELL—the un-
sticr...essful agitator of FRANCE! When a second edition of
the July Ordinances came out, under the new title of the
Fieschi laws, I asked an able and enthusiastic partisan of
the Juste Milieu what he thought of them. "Ma foi,',' he
replied with an expressive shrug, "c'est trop fort ! e'est trop
'fort !" My friend expressed exactly the feelings of his
Party : tlray wanted sonic steps to be taken against the
press ; they had an inconceivable hankering after the sha-
dow of absolutism, but were frightened when the Royal
Wand started it to life. It is not a handful of CARLISTS
that will overturn Louis PHILIPPE ; nor the tetes exaltees
that dream of spotless republics ; it is the JUSTE 1411:LIEU
itsel.f that will pull down the edifice it has raised ; the
JrJSTE MILIEU reformed, not holdinc, the same rigid tenets
'as when • under the influence of CASIMIR PERRIER, but
more enlightened and less fearful of the consequences at-
tendant on boldly following the path of freedom ; more de-
termined to uphold the honour of FRANCE, and to hurl de-
fiance in the face of despots, however powerful. The first
sins of discontent will appear in the NATIONAL GUARD :
lhey will be dissolved, and then, indeed, Bon soir, Louis
-Phi!ippe !
Such, I am convinced, will be the closing scene of the
Btevolution of July, and I acknowledge it with unfeigned
sorrow, because Louis PIIILLIPPE has many noble and
prepossessing qualities. His undaunted courage—a virtue
hereditary in his family—his amiable and kind manner to
all around him—his attachment to his children—his gene-
rosity towards the distressed—these are bright points that
will not be forgotten, whatever happens. On the other
babel, the violent tirade against the Press—his 'dictation in
the Cabinet—his melancholy desertion of first friends and
first o.4l.6l,les—his oily words towards the most absolute
Princes, and trampling under foot the tri-coloured flag—the
emblem of eternal hatred to the minions of slavery—these
things ensure, as they will accelerate, his downfall. Happy
fOr him, if, like the sins of RICHARD, they do not " throng
to the bar, crying all—" Guilty ! guilty !" when he shall be
the lonely inmate of some chateau fort, or, a second time,
the helpless wanderer on the wide world.

MILO.

On Friday night, between eight and nine o'clock,
the neighbourhood of Long-lane, Smithfield, was thrown
into considerable alarm. A man of 'the name of William
Candler, lodging at a house in the above neighbourhood,in
a fit of temporary derangement, suddenly arose from his
bed, and after a fruitless search fora razor, took a poker
:and beat himself on the head with it in the most violent
manner. So determined was the frenzied man on destroy-
ing himself, that he afterwards made several dreadful
gashes in his arms, a deep incision in his neck, and in his
left side, with a shoemaker's knife. A man who lay in the
sanie bed, alarmed at his terrific conduct, sought his own
safety by throwing tris the sash of the Window,. and leaping
Iran the street in his shirt, shouting " Murder 1" and
earnestly soliciting for help. A number of persons soon
collected round the premises, several of whom secured the
Unfortunate man, who had sat down literally bathed in his
Otrn gore. He is a wheelwright, but has been unable to
Prot are work since September last.

DEITRUCTIVE FIRE AT EALlNG.—Between
twelve and one o'clock on Sunday morning the peaceful vil-
' lage of Ealing was thrown into a state of great alarm by
di',covery of a fire at the extensive boarding establish-
uent of Mr. Birkett, situated in the centre of the village.
It was first discovered by the policeman on duty, who, per-
eeiving a (tense volume of smoke ascending from the kitchen
window, immediately sprung his rattle, and by knocking at
the door endeavoured to alarm the inmates, consisting of
the family of Mr. Birkett and about thirty young gentle-
. Then, the screams from whom, when awakened to a sense
of their imminent danger, were most dreadful. Several of
them appeared at the upper windows' frantically calling for
assistance, and others were seen effecting their escape in a
' state of almost complete nudity along the parapet to the
adjoining houses ; but although great fears were at one
. time entertained for the safety of some of the young, gen-
tlemen, when mustered after the fire was subdued, it was
found the whole had escaped without sustaining the slight-
est injury. Fortunately, ovPiag
.to there being an ample
supply-of water, by the great exertions of the inhabitants,
aided by a strong party of • the 'I division of police, from
Brentford, under Inspector Margnard, the fire was so far
subdued before the arrival of the London engines as to allay
all fears of its spreading beyond Nr. Birkett's premises,
Which, we understand, are insured.

- On Monday afternoon, about two o'clock, the Re-
Izo.vatio, of Salcome, Edward Ball master, got into the midst
of a quantity of wreck about two miles to the N.E. of the
tonr,ships, consisting of part of a mast, large capstern beams,
&c., supposed to belong to a large brig or ship, a
sternboard, with a star and blue and yellow streak, several
Ttlrge' cases, and bales containing madder root, wine, &c.
The.master picked up five cases and a piece, containing
Champagne wine in bottles, and a case of books containing
IS vols. French Eneyclopmdia (directed Mr. Butler, No. 3),
foliO, printed at Paris from 1763 to 1768 (they are thoroughly
Wet), all of which he delivered at the Custom-house, Mil-
ford. The books may perhaps lead to the name of the
vaceked.—The Cambrian.
