_

. ,
• ,
-The follow Decrees; beCreeS; Which the Cantonal A&
Ministrations of Switzerland have been compelled to
adopt,. for 'the 'total Prohibition of English Goods, in
that country, have been received by its with some
of the last French Papers: They are, as will ap:
pear, some months in force, and it is thus that in
SwitZerland, a country at, least at peace with us;
this prohibition, emanating from bur rancorous
enemy, is made in most instances tb extend as well
to the impertation of our industrial produras for the
purposes of consumptidn as of trahsit. We deem
these documents, which have not yet been laid be'-
fore the British Public, of too interesting a nature
to our Commercial Readers to delay any longer their
insertion :

FRIBURGH, MARCH 17.—The first in order, an.
Edi& of the Chairman and Petty Chuncil of the Can-
ton of Friburgh, dated March 17, 1306, forbids;
under the severest penalties, all and every the' Inha-
bitants of that Canton from attempting in any shape
to introduce into the Principality of Neufchatel and
Valengin, any merchandize of 'manufactured goods
prohibited by the French Laws.
2. The Petty Council of the Canton of Vaud,
" conformably to the Edi& of the sth of March,
1803,
.against the introduction into France of goods
really or reputed English," condemns all merchandize
of that ctescription,which shall be entered at'any of the
Custom-houses in the Canton,as intended for France;
to confiscation ; and forbids an j- goods of that kind
to be collthed in any.warehouse or place within two
leagues of the territory of the "- French Republic,"
excepting the Public Store-houses, or those of Mer-
Chants who have during ten years 'carried, on the
trade for the consumption of the Canton alone; and
who shall have declared in form to the nearest Clerk
of the Customs that they will " continue to, tarry on
that trade for the interior of the Canton." The 3d
Article obliges all Merchants who 'shall send such
goods to any place within two leagues of the French
Frontier to take out a permit, which is to be verified
by the Clerk of the Customs Of the place, or in de-
fault of him, by the Syndic:
4. In case of contempt of the above articles, the
said merchandize shall be considered' as intended fbr
France, and confiscated accordingly.
5. Every Contra& of whatever nature it may be,
Iniurance, Policy, or any other deed,. devised to fa-
vour the introdnaion of the above-mentioned prof
hibited goods into France,
,shall be considered null
in law, &c..
Lausanne, 27tli April, iB;6. _ :,‘
FRIBURGH, APRIL 29.—" We' the Chairman
and Petty Council of tie Canton of Friburghmake
known.

" In compliance with the Circular Letters of the
26th inst. whereby the Landamman of Switierland
calls 'the attention of the praise-worthy Confederated
Cantons to the grievous inconvenience that may re-
sult to the trade of Switzerland, and -to other not
less important .interests of our Country, from the
traffic in English goocls, the continuance of their im
yortation, and the contraband which tis carried on
from Switzerland- to France, we have considered
that in- faet the political and commercial interests
of Switzerland, as well as the obligation implied by
the alliance which binds it to the system of France,
imperiously prescribe the necessity, on the one hand,
of preventing all introdu6tion of goods of English
manufa&ure into the Canton ; and, on the other, td
take efficacious means to prevent any English goods-
already in the Canton from being forwarded into
France by the arts of contraband-or fraud against the
laws which regulate that Empire.
" We are, at the same time, convinced,- that this
latter end cannot be attained otherwise than by ob-
struLiting as much as possible the removal or circu-
lation of all goods of this kind already in Switzer-
land, and prohibiting their transit from one Canton
to another, until the Diet shall have adopted general
and uniform Measures on the subje&.
" After these considerations, and in execution of
the measures provisionally ordained by his Excel=
lency the. Landamman
,of Switzerland, we have de-
creed, and do ordain, •

ARTICLE 1. " From the date of the promulgation
of these presents, the entry of goOds manufa6tured in
England is totally and severely prohibited in our
Canton. •

2. " It is enjoined to all Officer'of Police," &c.
(Here follows the formula requiring the.most.rigor-
ous execution .of this 'Decree.)
3. "-Every merchant, faaor, custom-house officer,
or other individual, with whom such merchandize is
now deposited, shall declare upon oath the quantity
and quality of the English goods .which he has, in
store or deposit. The declaration shall b 0 made: in
each place before Members of the local Magistracy,
who shall be specially appointed for that purpose by
the Lieutenant of Government, and they shall be
required personally to go to the custom -houses,shops;
warehouses, or other places of deposit, and take an
exact inventory of the goods concerning which the
declaration shall have been made."

4. Requires oath to be nude that none, of those
goodsare intended to be sent into any part of France
or its dependencies. _

5. " To alteration in the state of the warehouse
or places of deposit, no removal nor sale of those
goods shall take place without a special permit from
the Lieutenintof Government,'who shall not grant
it until after having seen the authentic proof or de-
claration upon oath, taken before the Justice of
Peace, that the goods 'of English manufaolure re-
quired to, Ile removed are destined neither direCtly
nor indirealy for any place out of our Canton.
6. " Merchants or private individuals, who, in
'contempt of their duty, and in contradiction to the
preceding articles, shall seek to 'introduce English
mgnufaatured goods into the Canton, or to send out
any part of those already in it, besides confiscation
of the goods, shall be punished with six years en-
chainment in irons. The confiscated goods shall im-
mediately be sold, and the price divided between
Government and the informer'.

7. " Magistrates, Fun&ionaries, or persons in
public employ, conviEted of negligence or conni-
vance, shall be deprived of their places, and fined in
the penalty of two thousand francs, half to the State
and half to the informer. ,

e. " Any Clerks of Excise or Customs, who shall
be convi&ed of want of vigilance, or of negle6ting
the measures prescribed by the present Decree, shall
be dismissed from their employ, and punished with
one year of irons. In cases of conaivance, or where

vll in iio

t-ibery shall prolcu, th; du
be to •sii( year.;,' &c. , .
Thecls pi,e;ed in the Ooundl* of Sorcure,
Berne, Waitland; Zurich; and 'resin, are the sank
ih substancesas the foregoing.
The Bailiff and Count:il Bert c;, riiade
icc •s
•
an except_on berstdck_. to toe cotton 3 dm, a
it' is the prime
. ruateriJl 'of the manufailures of a
part of our Country," and divides the Sale of
ftscated property into three one.pf which'onl3,
goes to the Inforthei; Ove is received for GOvern-:
merit, the other is to be forfeited to the poor of the
place in whith the -seizure is nude.

_ .
The Btirgol\listers of Zurich,- ." in the name of
the Petty Council," enjoins the Judge Of-the pingo.,
without any respea for persons, to pnistithe
fending parties ‘"vith confiseaMii-Of.goods, Or as the
offence maybe, with Corp omi punishment, branding
with a red-hot iron, Or even confiscation of tly*
entire preperty:"
The Regent. and Cantbri of Soletire -substitute
nishnient for slavery in iron's.
Dated 3oth April, and 17th Mak; aoti. •
