Trill SUN, LONDON. THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1939,

AIR. JAMES'S NEW NOVEL.
TOn Saturday, May 11, in vols. ust Syo.
HE GENTLEMAN 3 OFp THE OLD
SCHOOL.

By G. P. R. JAMES, Esq.
Author of " Thetipsv," " This Robber," " The Huguenot,'
" Maryof Burgundy," " Life of Edward the Black Pi Mee,
One in a Thousand,"" Life and Adventures of John Mare
ton Hall," &c. &c. &c.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

C H A It T E
NEWSPAPER.
f 4 e Country Subscribers to THE CHARTER are respect-
with informed, that tke disappointment they last week met
" , in not receiving their Papers, arose out of an accident
occurred to the machine, almost immediately after the
paper was placed open it. Arrangements have now been coin-
Pleted by which THE CHARTER will in future be printed
in a much better style than hitherto, and equal to the best
rerlorCkPuobn
lissilaetudr.dayA. Country Edition will be published at One
Men*
°lke, 16, Catherine-street, Strand ; and sold by all News-

T-----=:111 E

-lIIS Majesty the EMPEROR of RUSSIA,
haying AUTHORISED and GUARANTEED
7"ral DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY, which (though
obta
144,Yiniu aret
NO LOTTERIES), offer many possibilities of

RGE FOUNES,
HEINE BR LAO
fIIERS R
atT HAMBURGH,
Ire NOW SELLING SHARES for any of the said DIS-
TRIBUTIONS of MONEY. Perscns desirous to purchase
it,rav receive, PREVIOUS to giving any order, the PROS-
LOTUS and PARTICULARS, upon addressing, WITH.
OUT DELAY, a line to
HEINE BROTHERS at HAMBURGIL
P• 8. • The next Distribution contains portions of
3.500/., 7,000/., and 24,000/.
Thedistributing• day being VERY NEAR, NO TIME 'IS
13E LOST 'for thosedesirous THI NEXT DISTRIBUTION. to become shareholders for
S

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT MANAGEMENT WILL TERMINATE
The WITH THIS SEASON ;
following Programme is therefore given of its final ar-
llngements :
The Standard Plays, as brought out at this Theatre, will
each be performed once more, viz. :
CORIOLAN US, lON, THE TWO FOSCARI,
WERNER, and VIRGINIUS.
THIS EVENING, MAY 2,
Will be produced a New Grand Opera. to be called
HENRIQUE, OR THE LOVE PILGRIM.
The Overture and Music composed by W. M. Rooke.
llenrique, Mr. W. Harrison (his first appearance) ; Don
Carlos del Alcala, Mr. Leffler; Alvaro de Luna, Mr. H. Phil-
; Diego Goto, Mr. Harley; Alzine, Miss Rainfortb ; Ama-
bel de Valencia, Miss P. Horton.

After which,
CATHERINE AND PETRUCHIO.
After which, the New Farce, in One Act, called
SAYINGS AND DOINGS.
To-morrow, Richelieu, with Agnes I3ernauer, and Sayings
and Doings.

THEATRE ROYAL, LYCEUM.
THIS EVENING, MAT 1.
A MILITARY PROMENADE CONCERT
By permission of
HER MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY,
And under the Patronage of
H. R. H. THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE.
The Orchestra, consisting exclusively of Wind Instruments,
will be formed by the unrivalled Band of
HER MAJESTY'S COLDSTREAM GUARDS,
In Full Una*, .rm.
PROGRAMME.

Overture--" Anacreon," (CAllieLllaini.)
Quadrille--" Le Tete de Bronze " (Musard).
Trio—" Vorreiparler ma," Fals4, (Balla).
Waltz—" Aurora," (Labintalti).
Grand March—(Parry).
Solo on the Clarionet, by Mr. Dean.
Overture—" Le Alcade de la Vega," (Onslow).
PART. It.
Overture—." Guillaume Tell," (Rossini).
Cavatin Tuft* e Sciotto." Sonnanabula, (Banjul).
Quadrille—. Le Danois," (Musard).
* Spanish Chamat—( Anonymous).
Carnival and Engendfuer Galops, (Strauss).
Echo Waltz "Al Chorus from Preciosa, (Weber).
exander," Strauss.
The doors open at balf.past Seven. Tire Concert to corn
Illonco at Eight and terminate by Eleven.
Admittance to the Promenade, One Shilling.
R Seats Two Shillings.
Private 2toxeseserved Two Guineas and One Guinea.

LONDON :
THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1539.

NEW PEERS.

The following Gentlemen are to be immediately
taised to the Peerage :
Lord TALBOT DE MALAFIIDE, an English
Peerage, or Baron FURNIVAL MALAIIIDE.
Sir Jottx STANLEY, Bart., Baron STANLEY,
Of ALDRRLET) of Alderlev Park.
Right Hon. HENRY VILLIERS STUART,
Baron STUART, of Deeies.

• --
night Hon CHARLES r. BROWNLONV, Baron
L.ARGAN, of Largan.
CHANDOS LEIGH, Esq., Baron LEIGH, of
Stoneleigh.
PAUL BIELBY THOMSON', Esq., Baron WEN-
LOCK, of Wenlock.

NICHOLAS RIDLEY COLBORNE, Esq., Baron
COLBORNE, of Hailing.
ARTHUR FRENCH, Esq., Baron de FREGNE.
So far so good; but we hope this is only an
earnest of something better. Had Ministers acted
in this spirited manner two or three years ago, the
House of Lords would not have disgusted the
country by the rejection of such a number of good
measures as they have done.

The proverb says, " out of evil cometh good,"
and Lord IthnEN deserves all the credit of the
present creation of Peers. We hope the Noble
Lord will go on in his career of factious motions
until he calls up as many spirits of liberty
to the House of Lords as will give the Reform
Bin a fair chance of working out its destiny for the
benefit of the nation at large, and not for the ad-
vantage of a selfish patty.
There are many good men and true in the Com-
410Hs well worthy of the Peerage ; but in the pre-
nt state of the Session it would be imprudent to
disturb the .M) countr • ore Peers by and bye.

The subdued tone of the Tory organs on the
Subject of the Jamaica Bill is a plain indi • don
that the Tories have again committed a mistake.
For them to profess any love for representation
urand,
their oosition at once as hypocritical.
have them whippnina over the suspension of a Consti-
tution, pretending to have a respect for the rights
'llld freedom of the people, is like a wolf pretemi
411 g t° Pity the lamb that it has clutched for a meal,
°r a hangman, who loves his trade, weeping over
the criminal he is in haste to execute. When the
People of England undertook to abolish slavery,
and when they subsequently, by their remonstrances
and the motions they carriedin the House of Com-
nt°lls, Compelled the planters to put an end to the
apprenticeship system, they in fact interfered so
extensively and so violently with the state of so-
eletY in Jamaica', that they were bound to provide
for the consequences which might ensue.
They subverted, in fact, the authority of
the Planters, and substituted no other in
t
place. Between the slaves and their masters
there existed, in general, opposition, not to say en-
11",tY ; and, owing to the difference of race and
colour, it was not to be expected that the negroes
should respect and reverence the depreciated autho-
rity of their masters. They were set free by Eng-
itand, to England they looked for support and pro-
7uaion) and England could only give it by over-
rng the wishes and will of the planters. Hence
arose a moral obligation on the people and Parlia-
ment of England to interfere, and it is that obliaa
tlOll which now compels the Ministers reluctantly,,

and not till the planters have been repeatedly tried,
to propose the suspension in form and substance—
in reality it has long been suspended—of the Con-
stitution of Jamaica, _ _

In another part of our paper will be found a series
of observations bearirig on the bad faith with which
the Legislature of Jamaica have sought to evade
the conditions of the contract, which we purchased
of them. They had their share of the 20,000,0001. we
gave for a partial emancipation. The same subject
is well treated in a well-timed pamphlet, which the
Anti-Slavery Society has just published. The
first act of the Colonial Legislature, it states, for
carrying the Act of 1833 into effect was so full of
defects as to be inoperative, but Mr. STAN-
LEY allowed it to stand, suggesting import-
ant modifications. Some of those were car-
tied into effect in 1834 ; but the Jamaica
Legis'ature even then contrived, by a clause,
to restore to the planters the horrible prac-
tice of flogging females—a Colonial practice which
had been more peremptorily prohibited by the Im-
perial Act than perhaps any other. In 1834 they
passed another Act, in which was a clause authorising
the flogging of females ; but this Act was disal-
lowed by the Home Government. The Committee
obtained by Mr. FOWELL BuvroN, in 1836, to
inquire into the. working of the apprenticeship sys-
tem, brought to light the horrors of the Jamaica
prisons, in which many cruelties were practise:l.
The unceasing object with which the planters
have acted was said to be, by an ex-Member of the
Jamaica Assembly who was examined before
the Committee—" to frame laws with such
adroitness, that they might re-enact as much
as possible of the ancient system of slavery
under a new name." The Constitutional rights of

the emancipated negroes are as nothing compared
with this object.
" Tbere was but one internal chance of redress," says
the pamphlet, " remaining for the negrees, and that was,
in the elective franchise : but this, then, was too important

to be overlooked by the Assembly of Jamaica, who within
the last two years have repeatedly passed election laws of
so exclusive a character that were they sanctioned at home
they must practically restore an almost absolute rule to

the planters."
When to these many attempts to re-enact slavery
we add the determined resistance of the planters
to the suggestions from England, ending at length
in their virtually laying down their legislative
authority, we see an absolute necessity for
the Parliament to interfere, and protect the
negroes from new slavery and the islands from
anarchy. At present the Colonial Minister may
disallow any Act of the Legislature of Jamaica he
pleases, and it is not then law. Its independence,
in fact, is a mere shadow, and will be as great
under Commissioners as under the Colonial Minister.
The • Assembly has power to do evil or to prevent
good, but it has no power, because it has no incli-
nation to carry out the Act of Emancipation, which
England purchased at the expense of 20,000,0001.
The Bill proposed by the Ministers may not be the
best possible way of providing for the exigency
which has arisen, but no person has yet suggested
a better ; and some measure which shall provide for
the safety of the black population as well as for
that of the whites, independently of the local
Legislature, is now indispensable. The Anti-
Slavery Society, we are glad to see, highly approves
of the Ministerial Bill.

The important announcement which we yester-
day made concerning the dismissal of the Duke of
NEWCASTLE from the Lord-Lieutenantcy of Not-
tinghamshire has excited a considerable sensation. It
took place in consequence, we understand, of a corres-
spondence between the LORD CHANCELLOR and

Ile Noble Duke, which was conducted on his side

in such a manner as to leave the Government no alter-
native but to dismiss his Grace. We have no doubt
that the correspondence, when it sees the light, will
convince the public of the propriety of the Ministers'
conduct ; and that if they are to blame for :Any
thing, it is for too much forbearance towards those
who, being in fact placed under them, have never
ceased to treat them with contumely. Now that
they have begun effectively to demonstrate that
they are in earnest and are not to be bearded by
their subordinates, we hope that they will speedily
regain the waning confidence of their friends.
Having the Court with them, and having yet a ma-
jority of the Commons in itheir favour, it is not, we
trust, too late to convince the Tory Lords, by an
exhibition of vigour, that they are not to domineer
over the two other estates of the realm. The long
and tried patience of the Ministers with their oppo-
nents will at once convince the public that they have
not had recourse to such a step till it was absolutely
necessary.

One of the objections made to the present system
of Government, and one reason on which great
changes are immediately demanded in the Legisla-
ture, is, that to obtain any Reform the bulk of the
people must bestir themselves, leave their bread-
winning occupations, become politicians, and
threaten revolution. Perhaps that is not a very bad
condition of society, for hasty legislation is always
mischievous, and to induce the bulk of the people
to bestir themselves the object proposed must be
good, and the grievance to be redressed mighty.
But whether it be good or not, it would not be
altered by the most extensive reform. At present,
during a sort of ferment, Reformers choose ardent
and stirring men to represent them in the Conven-
tion ; but had they a Parliament according to their
hearts' wish they should choose quieter, steadier
men, who should better represent the babitua
inertia of the masses. To obtain any great
change then, they would have to bestir them-
selves nearly as much as at present. The members
of the Common Council are chosen annually, and
by the bulk of die Livery, but they are hardly ever
removed, and they form one of the greatest nests
of jobbers in the kingdom. To keep them in
order, their constituents must watch over them as
earnestly as if, like the Aldermen, they had seats
for life.
We have no notion that the most perfect system
of representation, accompanied even by Annual
Parliaments, would relieve the people from the
necessity of continually watching over their own
affairs, and bestirring themselves, if they needed
any particular measure. The constituency of the
United States are in a perpetual state of agitation,
and are appealed to on all questions. If it may he
doubted, therefore, whether the widest Re-
for.n would exonerate the people from
the task of watching over the march
of public events, and frequently interfering with
them, what :
what would be the consequences
placed in office agreeably to were the
the ~isheso
Tories f
many Reformers ? To extort anything from' the
Conservatives they must be threatened by
a re-
volution. Nothing less would move
and the inevitable consequence of placing
the Tories in power would be to double the
urgency for appealing to the people and hold-
ing public meetings, which exists under the
Whigs, and which is one of the principal ohjec-
ions to their Government, made by certain Re-
With the Tories in office we should
aye, and must have, agitation till they were
removed, to be replaced by the very men, or
by men professing similar principles, and wielding
similar power to those whom some Reformers are
anxious to turn out of office. In many of the com-
plaints made against Ministers, we fancy we hear
the voices of those who think they are themselves
worthy to hold office, and who blame themselves

-ortners.

or having, contributed to place their rivals in power.
It is the voice of jealousy and envy, as much as
:hat of patriotism.

We have not space to advert at any length to
the dinner yesterday given to Mr. HUME, and to
the substantial mark of public gratitude then be-
stowed on him. For uprightness, disinterestedness,
and an unwearied pursuit of the public good, we
know no man so deserving of public approbation as
Mr. H E ; and were the public alvva)s so careful
and discriminating in their approbation, they would
be better served than at present.

We are glad to see by an advertisement in an-
other part of out Paper, that the Committee of the
Protestant Society for the Protection of Religious
Liberty has entered the field on the Jamaica question,
and passed two spirited resElutions approving of the
Ministerial plan. Such public spirit, and such
Christian feeling, as are evinced by the Society,
are worthy of praise and imitation.

The House of Commons last night exhibited a scene
which reflects deep disgrace upon the lion. Member
for Bridport, the main agent concerned in it,
and two or three confederates. Nothing has
occurred within nur recollection, tending more to
bring
the House and its forms into contempt with
the
public than the pertinaciously ridiculous, and ut-
terly foolish course pursued by these Hon. Gentlemen

in regard to the Copyright Bill. Mr. Weanun-
TON'S conduct can be compared only to that
of a big baby who has taken it into his head to be un-
reasonably obstinate, and persists in being so because
he is ashamed to give in. He is opposed to the Copy-
right Bill—so are many other Hon. Members—but
does that justify him in adopting discreditable or un-
fair means to defeat it? Surely not. We are sorry to
use such harsh terms towards any Member of Parliament,
but we deliberately state our opinion that in availing
himself of the forms of the House in the way he did last
night to gain his point, he acted most discreditably.
In the first place he objected to the consideration of
the measure on a Wednesday, because, forsooth, on
Wednesdays the attendance is thin, while at the very
moment when he was speaking there were nearly ninety
Members present, and there were never fewer than
sixty at any period of the sitting, not even when the
House broke up at half-past twelve. Under this
disingenuous pretext, the groundlessness of which
absolutely stared him in the face the whole night,
and would have rebuked the effrontery of any other
man, did he persevere in opposing the discussion,
dividing the House upwards of twenty times, rather than
surrender his point ; and after all was inconsistent
enough to give it up in the teeth of his own declared
determination never to yield! If the Copyright of
authors, says he, is by your Bill, to be extended to
sixty years beyond the present term, I never will con-
sent to it. I will persist in my opposition, and
use my privilege of obstructing your proceedings,
by everlasting divisions. Yet, behold, no sooner
is the obnoxious clause agreed to than, as if glad of
a loop-bole to escape from his unenviable posi-
tion, be declares his satisfaction at the result, because he
thinks, sagacious man! it will damagethe Bill, renounces
his hostile propensities and becomes perfectly recon-
ciled to the advancement of the measure through Com-
mittee ! Was there ever such self-stultification as this
witnesssed within or without the walls of the House ?

It will be seen from our report that the CHANCELLOR
of the EXCHEQUER and Lord HOWICY, the only Mem-
bers of the Government present, opposed the two most

important provisions of the Bill. -Mr. SPRING RICE
moved as an amendment that thirty-one years should
be substituted for sixty, which was lost, but which he
gave notice he would propose at a future stage ; and
Lord HowicK objected to the retrospective effect given
to the measure by clause fourth, on the ground that no
change of the present laws, as regards works already pub-
lished could tend to the advancement of literature in
future. Both these clauses were, however, carried.
Several ethers were postponed, as they were likely to
cause discussion, until Tuesday next, when the Com-
mittee is to sit again.
We must, not omit this opportunity of impressing
upon Members the necessity ofconsidering the effect sure
to be produced by this measure, unless some provision
be introduced to restrict the disposal of the copyright to a
given number of years at a time. Under this Bill
" out and-out" assignments—and publishers will take
none other unless the law prohibits these—will, it is
agreed, produce to the author no more than the present
term, while the public will be deprived of the
advantage which it now enjoys at the expiry of
a copyright. The only person benefited will be
the assignee or publisher, who bars out the public
for sixty years or more without having given a
farthing more for the author's copyright than he
would have done under the operation of the present
law. What benefit can an author's family derive from
this Bill without some provision of the kind to which
we have referred ? Let a portion, say 10 or 15 years
of the term, be sold at a time, and then the author will
receive something like the real value for his produc-
tions, and will consequently be stimulated, both on his
own account and that of his descendants, to produce
works of standard excellence.

The Emperor of RUSSIA, it is said, has chosen the
present auspicious conjuncture for the Holy Alliance to
send his son, the GRAND DUPE, to the Western States
of Europe. to witness the working of the Constitutional
system. The Prince is to land to-morrow, at Dept-
ford, and Count Pozzo DI BONGO, no doubt, will
take advantage of circumstances to impress on the
young Autocrat the impossibility of Representa-
tive Government. Certainly, at no former period,
could he have found so many plausible arguments in
favour of the despotism of the North. IR Russia,
Austria, and Prussia, the respective Ministries go on
smoothly, sudden changes are almost unknown, and
Cabinets are rarely broken up, except with the death
of the Prime Minister. liks, the Western States, the
Cabinet machine seldom goes on for two years
consecutively. In Spain a Cabinet but of yes-
terday, is said to be falling in pieces.
In Portugal it had been worn out in twelve months, and
has just been reconstructed. In England crisis !ollows
crisis—the ,machine is nt a dead stand, and some new
Conductor is -looked for every day. • In France there
have been some twenty Cabinets in nine years ; during
the last fifty days there have been two different Cabi-
nets—the one all but a non-entity, and the other a real
non-entity--ail the leading men of the country have been
trying for weeks to construct something possessing moving
powers ; but no sooner is the machine put up, than the
breath of the CITIZEN KING blows it to pieces. Tkere
has been in fact but one continued crisis in these repre-
sentative states ever since the" Glorious days of July,"
These are the' heads of lecture for the young 'Prince,
and the follisiing we add 'to" tbe eemniebiery.
But for this -representative 'system, this check on the
Sovereign, which the Northern Powers would turn into
ridicule, Ireland would have been exposed to a civil
war ; Don MIGUEL, whom even Lord ABERDEEN de-
nounced, would have been on the throne of Portugal ;
the monster Don Cmitos would have established un-
mitigated despotism and persecution in Spain ; and
Louis PHILIPPE would have joined the Holy Alliance,
and created a new French Revolution.

In the Chamber of Deputies on Tuesday, immedi-
ately after the appointment of a deputation to congratu-
late the KING on his birthday, M. DUPIN volunteered
an explanation of the causes which led to the formation
of a Cabinet. of the Left Centre, of which a list ap-
peared in our columns of yesterday. He began by
stating that error.eaus reports had gone abroad as to the
part which he bad taken in rendering this attempt to
form a Liberal Government abortive. The circumstances
were too grave, too deplorable, to allow him to have
it thought that the solution of the difficulties de-
rended upon him. He however would take upon
himself the responsibility of the facts which led to
the breaking off of the negotiations--thus attempting
to make a distinction without a difference. No blame,
he alledged was attributable to the Crown. M. DUPIN
proceeded to give the following account of the actual
circumstances of the negotiation :—" M. PASSY was,
charged with the composition of the Cabinet. A list
had been prepared, but the consent of several men in-
scribed thereon was still wanting. MM. Teste, C. Gridaine,
and Pelet de la Loiere were among those who bad not ac-
cepted. it was agreed at the meeting held at M. Passy's
hotel on Sunday evening that the Minister of Justice
should preside at the sittings of the Council, but with-
out bein: the real President. M. Dupin declined this
mission, because it appeared too arduous for his strength.
It had ever been his opinion that a Cabinet should have
a real President. He disclaimed the post for himself, and
expressed a belief that it should naturally devolve on a
man who had been already in office. What he wished
was a serious, a real President ; a mere President of the
deliberations of the councils, he could not be considered
as such. At the first meeting, Messrs. Sauzet, Maisosi,
and Pelet de la Lozere were not present, and he (M.
Dupin) had abstained front stating his objections as to the
Presidency until the next day, when his proposition to
that effect occasioned the rupture of the combination.
The question of a majority bad been another point on
which N. Dupin had strenuously insisted. lie dig not
wish to enter a Cabinet doomed to only three days' ex-
istence. M. Cunin Gridaine had been applied to; he
hesitated to accept, and said be should consult his friends.
Curart Gridaine offered the guarantee of a fixed
majority, but the moment he withdrew that majority was
no longer certain. Ile knew that the gauche, who fol.
lowed N. Odillon Barrot, and the centre gauche, would
support the new Ministry ; he thought that the Cabinet,
with their accession, might go on, but not with perfect
security. With the two extremes, who gave strength to a
coalition, but could not 113 depended upon for the sup.
port of the Goverment, the Cabinet would have found
itself in a very precarious situation, having against it M.
Cuain Gridaine's friends, whose hostility was visible from
their having refused to back even M. Passy, after naming
him the President of the Chamber. M. Dupin did not
wish to desert his friends ; he had offered to enter the
Cabinet without a pottefeuille or a salary, determined to
stay or retire with his party. The best proof he could
give of his fixity in that determination was that on Monday
evening ovettures were made to hint by men who differed
in opinion with him, which he rejected with indignation.
He declared, in concluding, that he preferred remaining a
simple Deputy to entering a Cabinet having no chance of
duration.

M. Dufaure declared that without incriminating M.
Dupin, he was warranted in saying that the ea:use of the
failure of the combination was not to be ascribed to any of
H. Dupin's colleagues. He admitted that all the men
named to form part of the Cabinet were not present at
the meeting of Sunday evening. M. Pelet was not there,
but M. Palsy had pledged himself to obtain tite accept-
ance of that gentleman, and the future Minister autho-
rized him accordingly to draw up the list, on which M.
Pelet's name was inscribed, and to lay it before the
King. Every thing was finally agreed to, and the Mi-
nisters accepted by the Crown. The question of the
real Presidency had been discussed on Sunday evening,
and M. Dupin took a part in the debate. It was defi-
nitively settled on then , and M. Passy wrote at the
bottom of the resolutions adopted that evening, that the
Minister of Juiti..le should presile at their deliberations.
It was a sacred contract entered into by all present, and
ought to have been fulfilled. Why M. Dupin did not bold it
in that light be would not undertake to explain, but all his
other colleagues considered it binding upon them. M. Dupin
the next day started the difficulty about the Presidency, and
the improbability of the centre gauche Cabinet obtaining
the majority in the Chamber. All his colleagues knew
as well as M. Dupin that the 221 were not favourable to
them ; but they were sure, that when they should see that
the new Ministry only wished for the welfare of the
country, unless they were determined to persist in a cul-
pable, systematic opposition, they would rally to their
banner.

M. Dupin declared that he did consider himself bound
by what M. Dufaure called a sacred contract.

M. Cunin Gridaine said that he would correct a few mis-
tn which the journals bad b ea led resveti ng, the part
behad taken in the .Ministerial negotiation. M. Passy had
waited upon him on Sunday mornieg,, and proposed to him
to enter the Cabinet which he was charged to construct;
he had taken advice only of his consience, and spontane-
ously declared the ofer. His motive was that Marshal
Soult and M. Hurnann did not figure therein.. To make
a systematical opposition, he said, had never entered his
ideas, nor those of his friends. After M. Passy had left
him, he (M. Curtin Gridaino) bad repaired to General
Jacqueminot's, where several of his friends were to meet,
to consult on the course they should pursue in the event
of an address to the Crown being moved by M. Mauguin.
He apprised them of the propositions made to him by M.
Passy and of his refusal. They approved his conduct.
.No other Member offering to explain, the discussion was
closed by M. Mauguin dpositing on the table the draft
of an Address to the Crown, which he requested the Pre-
sident to enter among the orders of the day. When the
Chamber adjourned, nr.thing- was heard on all
.sides but
strong expressions of disapprobation of the conduct of M.
Dupin, who, it was believed, declined entering the Cabinet
from learning on Sunday that it would have to sustain the
hostility of te Court. M. Dupin's explanation is lame
and inconcltvsive. His pretext for declining to enter a
Cabinet not supported by Cunin Gridaine and his friends,
or, is other words, by Count Mole and'his party, was an
insult to the Coalition, and a direct and emphatic justifi-
cation of the conduct of the Court.
Letters from Algiers of the 19:11 ult. represent Abd-el-
Rader as making preparations fir renewing the war agaist
the French colonists in Africa.
The following extracts include the opinions of the Paris
Journals respecting the dissolution of the embryo Liberal
Cabinet :
MINISTERIAL NEGOCIATIONS.

The following list of Ministers was circulated on Tues-
day—Marshal Soult, Minister of War ; the Duke de
Broglie, of' Foreign Affairs ; M. Passy, of the Interior ;
M. Duchatel, of Finance ; M. Sauzet, of Justice ; Ad-
miral Duperre, of Marine; M. Cunin Gridaine, of Com-
merce; and M. Tests, of Public Instruction.
A last hope of a ministry lay in the Left Centre. Par-
liamentary force, majority, reason, the good of the state,
the interests of the country pointed to it ; but the Court
did not wish it. Even at the moment of signing the or.
donnance, the courtiers declared that the King disliked
the Ministry, did not choose it, and would not support it :
undergoing it was sufficient. The situation was not
merely unpleasant, but afflicting ; but let affliction fall
where it would. The Court, so disinclined to the minis-
terial eomb:nation, did not of course seek to prevent its
failing. M. Dupin took upon himself the initiative and
the responsibility of the rupture by withdrawing his word,
twice pledged. In the interval M. Dupin made four
visits to the Chateau. On Sunday M. Dupiu's objections
were against Marshal Nielson ; but these could not be
very serious, since M. Dupin accepted Pelet de la L.-
zero as Home Minister. Ho was proposed by M. Passy.
But M. Dupin consented on Sunday night, and the Mi-
nistry might have been that moment formed if the King
had chosen to defer the final arrangement till the next day.
Ou that day (Monday) M. Dupin came to the meeting of
his colleagues determined to break up the arrangement.
He had good reasons for it, but he ought to have declared
them sooner. M. Dupin declared the Ministry could not
hold with the Court against it. Besides, it Lad
no President, whilst he (M. Dupin) had all along been
the advocate of a real President. M. Dupin offered to
act under M. Thiers as President, but M. Passy refused.
Of ibis rupture we can only say that it Was foreseen and
expected. Marshal Soult's position in waiting indicated
that such a combination would not succeed. As to M.
Thiers and his friends, they waived and consented to every
thing requisite to bring about a Ministry. We rejoice
that they are liberated from the consequences, the failure
being not their fault. As to the interests of the country,
they may take care of themselves as they can, no one
seeming to be much actuated by that motive.—Courrier
Francais.
The Crown has been made responsible for all the in-
trigues and the little passions and maumuvres that have so
shamefully signalized the negniations relative to the corn-
position of a Ministry during the last 40 days. At the
breaking up of each combination the cry was raised, " It
is the fault of the Court." A refusal to enter the Cabinet
on the part of any individual was immediately attributed
to the instigations of the Court party. For the last six
weeks, incredible as it may appear, the real authors of the
difficulties have, in order to shift the responsibility from
themselves, cast it upon the only personage declared by the
charter to be irresponsible. In their transactions every one
except the King appears to have been considered inviol.
able. We have no systematic hostility towards any indi-
vidual ; we are qui.e ready to hail the accession to power
of the centre gauche, if the centre gauche can bestow upon
France all the blessings it has been for so long a time pro.
raising to confer on her; we are not such enemies of our
country and ourselves as.to refuse liberty, peace, glory,
morality, and prosperity, if ofLred by the tiers para. All
We %visit for is a strong and efficient Ministry. Let the
centre gauche or the tiers parti give us that, and we shall
be as centre gauche as any one can be. But it is just that
the experiment should be fairly tried, and this it would not
be if the centre gauche had succeeded in enlisting recruits
from any party besides its own.—Journal des Debuts.
Evidently the plan conceived from the first day, and
pursued ever since with an infernal perseverance, was to
isolate, reject, and annul M. Thiers. To insure the suc-
cess of this plan, recourse has been had to cunning, iu
trigue, and calumny, and the sordid and blind passions of
men have been called into play. Marshal Soult was the
most accommodating and violent instrument of that scheme.
The candidature of M. Passy, the honest intentions of
M. Dupin, his legitimate distrust of the Court, and his
wise precautions against real and imminent dangers, have
likewise been turned to advantage,' and will have ulti-
mately served to attain that end. Whether through
the Macbiavelian calculation of the one or the impro-
vidence of the others, this result has been obtained.
It is our opinion that M. Thiers should from this day forth
keep aloof from all Ministerial combinations. We entreat
him—we call upon him, if necessary, in the name of his
own dignity, in the name of his duty, for the sake of his
country, and through respect for his party, who faithfully
and nobly stood by him, to remain foreign to all ulterior
attempts to construct a Ministry. The Court is decidedly
hostile to him, and if obliged to admit him into its coml.
ear', will have done everything to discourage, humble, and
compromise him, to surround him with snares, and to place
him at the discretion of his enemies. What could be
achieved for France in such a situation? He would sink
under 6e. task. He must reserve himself for better times.
—Siecle.

Hussein Khan, extraordinary Ambassador of the Shah
of Persia, was admitted on MAiday to a privhte audience
of the King and Queen of the French, at which he pre-
sented to their Majesties the presents he bad been charged
to offer to them by the Shah, his master. Those presents
consisr, Ist. of a Damascus sword, enriched with precious
stones, which had succssively belonged to four of the most
illustrious Soverigns of Persia, whose seals it bears ; 2d.,
of two rnunuscripts, adorned with miniatures; one, which
is ancient, contains the " 11Qok of Kings," and the other, a
modern manuscript, the works of the poet and moralist
Shady ; and 3J, of thirteen India shawls.
BOURSE, Bears, TUESDAY, APRIL 30.
Ifar.s,-PasT TIIRER.—To-morrow being the Ist of May, and the
King's fete, the Bourse will be closed, the Post-office will be shut
at an early hour, and it will be a general holiday. The breaking
up of the proposed new Cabinet, which was considered as defini-
tively formed, has shown that the monied interest is not in favour
of a Ministry pure Centre Cauche, for yesterday the French Funds
had declined, and to.day they hare improved. The only rumour
referring to anything like the settling of the Ministerial question,
has been that Marshal Soult was expected to be placed at the head
of the present one. For the Account the Three per Cents. opened
at 81h 30c , rose to NIL 40c., declined to Cf. 20e., and closed
at Slf. 40c.. a rise of '2O cents. The Five per Cents. from 110 f.
70c., declined to 110 f. 65c., and closed at 110 f. 73c.. Fur Money
the Three per Cents. are 10c., and the Five per Cents. 35c.
better. The Bank of Fiance Shares are 20f. higher. The Laftitte
Bank Shares have not varied. The Belgian Three per Cents. for the
Account 73f. 25c. The Belgian Rank Shares have advanced 1511
'Die Railway Shares have undergone but little variation.

t first Highest Lowest Last
Price. Price. Price. price.
French 5 per Ceott,
4!,4 per Cents lO5 .50 ... 105 50 ... Ins 50 ... los 50
2 per Cents wi 2.5
... si 3 ... 81 25 ... 81 80
Link or trance ... . . .1700 ....t.1720 ...210 i ...27.,m
Latlitte Bank 1,Nx).1... *********** ur;o —107) •••10,;:, ...1U55
5,00.4: ,sli .s'o ..5.25,/ -.5251 ...y,..,,,,,
Belgian 3 per Cents ......
772 f:0 ... 73, ... 772 50 .. 73s
-L4.1, ................ -". ' ,"' 75 ... 43 75 ... 43 75 ..: 43 75
Coupons .........
S atii.3l Ac iro
Passive
101 55 ... 101 60 ... lot 55 ... 101 co
Neapolitan
n.m.n .........
RAILWAY SHAREs.
V.,--c(-11:13,'"1,. B - 703 ... 7,0
7..„„ ... 7•.,0 ~1.3 ... 710
... 7.20
LB
Fravr,.
VSS ... 9',,,3•5,, ... 965 ... 165
Orleans
44,
.70
0, 50
...
...
... 4.40.'; ......... 4:700150 ....... 44371. 540
qratburg to Pale
13,r,1e,ux to I,a '1 esle
Utilliau,;en to Iliann ...
ASPHALTES AND BITUMENs.
Seyssel (AI 2•:00 ...2g1,0 ....km
Yarn (llabeily'.o ... :i2., ... 2'.5 ••••teM
-
fi,ilvv,niz.d Iron
... 40 ......
410
_..........._

The Madrid papers received to-day are of the 23d
ult. The maji,rity of the Ministers were for a dissolu-
tion of the Chambers, but the Premier, Prraz DE
CAsTao, refused to consent to such a measure. VAN
HALLS'S retreat from before Segura has weakened the
Ministry, and led to a thousand disasters iu the the
provinces. LLatiuomaA, one of CanaEuA's Lieu-
tenants, entered the Alcarria within twelve leagues of
Madrid, and exacted from the inhabitants money and
valuables to the amount of 40,000/. sterling, besides
00,000 bead of cattle, which he carried off. Two
divisions of the army of thu centre were in pursuit of
him, but it it was believed that he would escape.

OF ROOFING
__The extra-
THE NEW MODE
ordinary roof of the Flower Hall, at Stafford House, Chis-
wick, was commenced on Wed"F"l2Y, and its construction
I
arch of twenty-four feet span, formed
is both singular and simple—it has thither rafters nor
bearers, but is an
with three rows of common plain tile, and excites great
curiosity. The arch rises seven feet and a half, and will
be one hundred and fifty feet long.
The Members of St. Paula Lode, of Free and
Accepted Masons, it will be seen, intend to patronise the
benefit of Mr. Simpson, which is announced fi,r Friday,
Ahy 3. I,,,Jep windy of the great abilities of Mr. Simp.
son as a performer, his obligieg conduct and indefatigable
exertions as Stage- Manager, since he has been in Bir-
mingham, entitles him to the best support of the town,
and gives him the strongest claim to the liberal patronage
of all cl,sscs of the play-going public.—Birminyhont
Gazette of Monday, April 29.
THE WEATHER.—Summer has commenced
with the month of May in good earnest. There is scarcely
a breath of wind, and the temperature is fully 10 degrees
higher than it has been at the same season for three years.
On the Ist of May, 1838, the thermometer at the bight st,
stood in the shade at 53 ; in 1837 at 59 ; in 1836,
at 49 and
yesterday at 67. Today, at noon, it
;
stood at 67, and in the course of the day will probably
cxced 70. The barometer has been high for some days,
and is now at 30.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, MAY I.—Wind N. E., light airg, sta calm at
times.—Arrived from the River and proceeded the Lad)
Raffles, Light, for Sydney ; Codrington, Gaines, Anti-
.7,ua ; Margaret, Green, Shipigan ; and Nereid, Martin,
Leghorn.
PORTSMOUTH, MAr I.—Calm.
PLYMOUTH, MAY I.—Wind variable, light airs.—Ar-
rived the Cosrsopolite, Bradford, from Sierra Leone,
FALmou'rit, APRIL 30.—Wind variable, and light.
LIVERPOOL, MAY I.—Wind variable, light airs and fine.
—Arrived the Ironside, Mitchell. from Aricati, sailed on
the 21st of March ; the Adelaide, from Cadia ; Dorothea,
Rostock. Sailed Diadem, Walker, Trinidad ; Russel, Con-
nor, Sarah Sheafe, Merry, New York; Shepherdess, Hooper,
and Massasort, Bartlett. Boston ; Valador, Havannab ;
Adventure, Gasp ; Fisher, Sewel, Newfoundland ;
Severe, Alexandria; E. Hariett, Bertram, ditto ; Caroline,
Jones, Anterope, Seing, ditto. Off port Watkins, from
Mauritius.

lints Tot., MAY I.—Sailed the Phyllerda, Layering, fur
Messina. The Mermaid ateamer, bound to Waterford, is
beneaped on the Swash.
CARDIFF. APRIL 30.—Sailed the Ann, Pearce, for New
York ; Voluntario, Gallard, Vianna; Sarepta,
field, Naples.

WORKINGTON, APRIL 29.—Sailed the Ann, Blair, for
Dalhousie.

PADbTOW, APRIL 30.—Arrived the JAn and Mary,
Harvey, from Queb.c.,
SIIIELDI, APRIL 30.—Arrived the Jane Wilson, Hen-
derson, from Cbarente; Josephine, Volkert, Gotteriburg.
HULL, MAY I.—Wind W.N. W.—Arrived the
Storey, from Hamburg ; Twee Soatre, Williamson, Stegt.7, :
Ann Guthrie, Jackson, Rotterdam; Salus, Dawson,
ditto; Elizabeth, Lundgren, Gottenburg ; Wilhelmine
Henrietta, De Jonge, Alkmaar; Newland, Jonge, Ham.
burg.
__

POOLE, MAY I.—Arrived the Providence, Hamburg.
Laws, APRIL 30.—Arrived the Jeune Henri, from
Bordeaux. Sailed the Earl Percy, Gordon, for Quebec.
STOCKTON, APRIL 30. —Artived the Gravelines, Merlin,
Gravalines; Esther, Caen ; Levant, Watson, Rotterdam.
CONSTANTINOPLR.—The 13erwick-upon-Tweed, Steb-
bins, from Odessa to Falmouth, was wrecked near Cara-
bourns, in the Black Soa, on the Bth ult.
CAhTHAGRNA.--The Stuforster, Ramsell, from Mar-
seilles to Cadiz, waa wrecked near this port on the
11th ult.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS►

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, WILDNIDDA Y. —A little
improvement has taken place in the Cotton market to-day.
The sales are 2,500 bags, nearly at the following prices :
Surat, 61d. to 71d. ; Pernams 10d. to 101 d. ; Egyptians
1341-(i. to 14d. ; Maranhams 9d., and Americans 7id.
to 91d.

Uur arrivals this morning are a French and Ostend
mail, and ship letters from St. Helena, St. Übe's, and
Cape of Good Hope, and New Yolk, by the Ontario.
We have very few arrivals this morning, consequently no
news of importance to communicate.

TIE FUNDA.
Consols opened at 931 for Mousy, and 931 i for the
Account, with little doing at present; Exchequer Bills
40 to 42; Bank Stock 197-.}.
Spanish Active heavy, aud receded from 201 i to 191
20 ; Portuguese 361 1y; Three per Cents. 221 #; Bel.
gian 1031 104 ; Brazilian 78 fi ; Datch Twu.aud.a-
Half per Cents., 551 561 ; Five per Cents. 102 i i.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLucK.
Bank Stuck...." ......... .... 1117,4 71 India Stock
3 per Cent. lied. .... ........ -924 I Ditto Bonds 44 44 pin.
8 per Cent. COLIC 93 ;4 4 South Sea 5t0ck................ --..
3e, per Cent 9.4; Old Annuities 903,
Ditto Red. 109 99% New Ditto
New 344 per Cent lOl 4 14 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuiti teexpire Ditt0........ ....... 500 42 411 44 KM.
Jan. 5, 1860 l4 4 9-16 Ditto Small 42 40 44 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859 — Ditto Commercial — pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 14 13-151 Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, MO — Bank Stock for Account ...
April 5, ISM — India Stack for Account ...
Jan. 5. 1870 — Consols for Account.... ...!18 ,1.1;
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds 1,17 Peruvian Bonds 16 117 i, 184
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account ...... ... ..... —? Ditto Account J' N, 7
Buenos Ayres Bonds ..... .... —' Ditto, 3 per Cent. '22 %1,
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
I) tto Account
Columbian Bonds YSIr Ditto Account —
Ditto Account —i Ditto Metallic
Columbian Bonds, 1894 314 4 i Sponish Bonds —
Ditto Account 3l 1!,,, Ditto Account-- ...... ...
Danish Bonds - Ditto Bond., 1834 ...... P 1.% 20
Ditto Account — Ditto Account.
Greek Bonds-. ... . ....... ..-... —, French, 5 per cent...—. —f..-.Z
I)itto Bonds, 125...........
--1 ---- 4 per cent....... —f. —c.
Ditto Account
Mexican Bowls, 5 per Cont .-.----- Exchange. —f. —c.
Ditto Account --I Dutch, 9;, per cent. .....55% 614 Ditto, 6 per Cent 251 Ditto Account
....
Ditto Account

Lite, 5 per cent lt 2% ig
Neapolitan -.! Ditto Aecuuut.. ... —
PRICES OF SHARES TIIIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per %hare.
17

Brighton Itallwav

I.),ellestor and Birmingham Railway l5 a }f; 12
Lon ion and Westminster Bank 2BI ilii-x,
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, APRIL 30.
3 par Ceot. Consols -
1!.4 per Cent. Stock -
Ditto Reduced - Hibeinian Bank -
Ditto New, 1030 ........ 100 City of Dublin Steam Cowl,. -
'.1,:,, par Cent. Debentures... 51i,i National Insurance Company -
Rank Stock ... -
.rand Canal stock ... - I tiallast Office Debentures, 4 -
Royal Canal stock - per cent -
lIALF-PANT OA E.

We have no farther arrivals to announce since our for.
mer report, nor is there any news on the tapir worth no.
tieing at the present hour.
The next arrival from New York, which is expected, is
the Great Western steamer, which we do not apprehend
will take place before n'ext Tuesday or Wednesday.
We have received various files of American papers by
the Ontario, but they are not of so late a date as pre.
vieusly received.
The British Funds have improved since the morning,
and may be quoted 9:11- for the Account, and for Money
931 ; Exchaquer Bills 44 prem. ; India Bonds 44 41 ;
Bank Stock 197.

In the Foreign Market a good deal has been doing ;
Spanish 19i 20; Portuguese 36i 37 ; Three per Cents.
22 ; Colombian improved, 30i 3 ; Brazil nothing done ;
Belgian 1011; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 5.5 i
56 ; Five per Cents. 1021.
Ihe Dutch mail has just arrived with paper of the Ist
of May. Two-and•a- Half per Cents. 55i 3-16 ; Five
per Cents. 101! 102. The King of Holland has honoured
Amsterdam with his presence. 3,000 chests of tea, of the
growth of Java, arc expected in Holland.
CLOSING PRICES.
BRITISH FUNDS

Bank stock ........ ........ ION India S'..3ek P 531,;;
3 per Cent lied
3 per Cent CLUB. ......
3% per Cent. Bed 100 Ditto New Annuities ...... ..
New 3 Y.', per Cent •101% lx. Bills, 1,000/ 24 44 pm.
New 5 per Cent — Ditto 51101 44 pm
Long Annuities to expire Ditto 50111....... 44 in
Jan. MO
Oct. 1159
Jan. 1136‘1
FOREIGIN FUNDS.
Asturian, 5 per cent 107 Portuguese flontlq, Spec sent. 745.
Belgian, 5 per cent till t. 4 Ditto New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds 7S3i Prussian, 5 per cent —
Buenos Ayr..s, 0 per cent.... 111 Ittissiae Bond., 5 per cent
Chilian, ft per cent ,5 Ditto, Metallic —
Celomb‘an, 4 per cent :111 Spanish, 5 per cent 1;0
Ditto, Irtl4 :11% Ditto, Consolidated —
Danish, :3 per cent ......... ..—.. French, 5 per cent. 1101. 75c.
Greek Bonds, liie.3s, 5 per ct. Exchange
Mexican, 5 per cent — French, viper cent —r, —,
Ditto, fi per cent. 1825......... :s'a Dutch, t 2 per cent.
rertirian. 15'23,5 per cent...—. Is 3 Ditto, 5 per cent. lot;`i,
SH.
Birmingham end Glnuce.toi
Gosp..at Junction 11..iilway ..
London and Brighton nailer,
London and Birmingham It.
Manchester and Birmingbar

1! ES

Railway

RV
ailway 8%
n Hallway
11

STATE Or TRADE.—Ihe market yesterday
wore even a more gloomy appearance than on any of the
previous market days. There was scarcely any demand
either for yarn or printing cloth ; and a further decline of
id. per pound in the former, and 3d. per piece in the lat.
ter, had to be submitted to, by all who were able to effect
sales. Of course, under these circumstances, the working
of short time is extending greatly. There are now, we
believe, five mills in Manchester and the immediate neigh-
bourhood, entirely standing, and thirty others working on
an average not more than three days a week. Many others,
in different parts of the neighbourhood are taking the sam•
eourse ; and it is calculated that the diminution in the
consumption of cotton, from this course alone, will amount
to upwards of 5,000 bags per week, besides a considerable
falling.off arising from the general substitution of light for
heavy fabrics. The gloom which hung over the market
yesterday was in some degree increased by the rumoured
suspension:of payment of one of our joint.stock banks,
which, however, we are glad to say, is not calculated to
produce very extensive mhtliief, as the credit of the bank
had b. e for s ,ma time at a low ebb, and its business was
o niequently on the most limited scale.—Manchester
Guardian.

BRUSSELS, APRIL 28.—There was a grand
nrview of the troops of the garrison by the King yester-
day (the 27th inst.), out of the Louvain Gate.

IfttussELs, APRIL 29.—Yesterday the King
gave an audience to Count Le Hon, our Plenipotentiary
at Paris. We are assured that M. Pruta is appointed
Director of the Bank of Belgium. M. Ries has appealed
from the sentence coademning him to two mo iths' impri-
sonment, and a fine of 500 francs, in consequence of the
seizure in his residence of a Circular announcing the sale
by lottery of the Lordship of Neudegg.
ITALIAN OPERA.--Her INlalesty'S Theatre
was cross ded yesterday morning at the full band rehearsal
of Don Giovanni. Rubini, Lablache, Tamburini, and
Madame Persiani, were at their posts ; but Madame Grisi
was not present at the first act, and Mlle. Monnani was
unable to attend in consequence of indispcsition.
On Saturday, at the Croydon Petty Sessions,
Mr. Turner, the proprietor of the Britannia public house,
Surrey street, Croydon, as also his wife, were fully coin-
witted to Horsemonger-lane Gaol, for purchasing twa 10/.
Bank of England notes fur 125., knowing them to have
been stolen.

AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH OF A GENTLE-
mAN.—On Thursday last, ---- Clay, Esq., residing at
Brid Lodge, Croydon, went to London, and returned in
the afternoon by the coach ; shortly afterwards be took a
walk along the Brighton line of railway, when be suddenly
fell down. lie was conveyed to his residence and a surgeon
sent for, but he expired in half an hour. The unfortunate
getleman was one of the Directors of the Croydon Rail-
road, and was present a few days since on the occasion of
the experimental trip. His remains were yesterday interred
at Norwood.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry
and their family purpose removing from Wyn)ard Park, in
the course of the week, to Seaham Ilall, their delightful
roidenee on the coast of Durham, where the Noble Mar-
quis ani his amiable Marchioness intend staying a short
time, and then removing to Holdernesse House. Her Lady-
ship's health is nearly re- established.

• . .. •
lualT e t • el.
• :Ik. 101114.411t7frZottifeb
.`jrZar*‘
• - r.„2

Zbie
