GREEK.

1. The APHORISMS of HIPPOCRATES ;
fin-
ing the original Greek, with an interlineal and literal
Translation, followed by a free Version and Notes. By
J. W. UNDERWOOD. In one vol., 12m0., handsmtly
boond in cloth, 9s. (Dedicated to Dr. Elliotson.)

On Thursday, the Hon. WM. PONSONBY
vas elected Member of Parliament for Knaresborougb, in
the room of Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH.

STATE OF TRADE.—There is some im-
provement in the wollen trade in Leeds, though there is
still a want of that briskness which gives general activity.
In our worsted stuff trade, at the Bank, there is a decided
improvement. This is a matt, •of great gratification at
all times, but it is peculiarly so-.-'aen the progress of dis-
ease is likely to arrest the increased comforts of our labour-
ing population.—Leeds Mercury•
THE CROPS AND THE WEATHER.—The
splendid weather of this week has made the hay-harvest
pretty general. 'We understand the hay is this year of the
very best quality, as well as unusually abundant, having
grown with the greatest rapidity ; the grass is quite fresh,
and the hay will be exceedingly sweet and nutritious. 'We
learn that the strong and cold wind of Sunday and Monday
last has injured the corn in some situations ; though, as it
is an ill wind which blows nobody good, the same cause
has delivered the woods from a host of caterpillars and
insects by which they had been well nigh devoured...—
Leeds Mercury.

APPREHENSION FOR MURDER TWENTY-
THREE YEARS AGO.—A man named AMNER has been
apprehended at Wix, on a charge of having been an acces•
sory in a ease of murder. It appears that about twenty-
three years ago a new-born infant was found in the Try( r
at Manningtree ; and the Coroner's Jury who sat on the
inquest returned a verdict of wilful murder against a per-
son or persons unknown. The affair lay dormant till a
few days ago, when AMNER. toll the landlady of a beer-
house that the infant was one Which a girl bad by him—
that he was not at Manningtree when she destroyed the
child, but was informed of it by the girl in a /ettir sent to
Om in London. This statement led to AMN Elt'll appre-
hension, and he has been committed or re-examination,
Co/Mester Gazette

Mr. O'CONNELL would take that opportunity of
stating that he bad been misrepresented on a late occa-
sion. In the newspapers he was made to say that he
would not enforce his call of the House on Thursday. He
had not then made up his mind on the subject, but had
maturely considered it since, and had come to the deter-
mination of agreeing to the request that was then made
to him, and now abandoned his intention.
Sir F. BURDETT said, that the alterations already
made in the Irish Bill were most important ones, and gave
that Bill quite a different character. There was now
only one subject, viz. the registration, upon which Re-
formers were divided, and if any better plan than the one
proposed was pointed out, he had no doubt the Govern-
ment would follow it.

Mr. O'CONNELL would not for a moment deny but
that the alterations introduc.•d into the Billawere very im-
portant—he considered them so, and they went far to
remove his objections to it. If the registration chime
was assimilated to the English one the Bill would then be
much more improved, but still it would not be so good a
Bill, or as efficient for Ireland, as the English and
Scotch ones were. Under the present system, be had
seen 300 freeholders come up to register, and so many
were the impediments thrown in their way, that not more
than five of the.,l were allowed to register.

Mr. BROWNE thought the statement of the Hon.
Member for Kerry exaggerated ; he (Mr. B.) had seen
cases, where he thought the present system allowed too
much facility for registration; still hg thought some modi-
fication of the clause might be made.
Sir E. SUGDEN could not see what objections the
lion. Member for Kerry could have to the registration
clause. The Barristers had uncontrolled power, and were
gentlemen of unimpeachable integrity. Some of them
might possibly be too cautious, and would require more
proof than others.

After a few words from Mr. BLACKNEY, the peti-
ions were ordered to lie on the table.

Mr. HUME also presented petitions from the Political
Union of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, against the Privi.
leges of Parliament Bill. From three parishes in York
for the mitigation of punishment, and from the Birming-
ham Mech ,nics' Institute, against taxes on knowledge.
Lord ALTHORP moved the Order of the Day for the
House resolving itself into a Committee of Supply.
Mr. HERMES begged leave to call the attention of
the Noble Lord opposite to a document which he held in his
hand relative to the Belgic treaty. It was indispensably
necessary that the House should be put in possession of it.
as it was in truth one of the grounds of conclusion to
which the contracting parties had come. He was ready
to move for it being printed, but hoped the Noble Lord
would save him that trouble. He would take that oppor-
tunity of asking when the Noble Lord was likely to bring
forward that erasure which was to be proposed in relation
to the Convention now before the House,

Lord ALTHORP was understood to say he had no
objection to the publication of the article, but as he was
anxious to get forward with the Irish Reform Bill, it was
not at present convenient to fix any day for entering on
the question which the Right Hon. Gentleman had last
alluded to.

Mr. lIERRIES took that opportunity of asking a
question as to the financial affairs of the country. The
stveral statements had hen delayed much longer than
usual, and it would save some preliminary discussion and
much anxiety it a distinct period were assigned
when the Noble Lord would make the statement. The

Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition praying for the
abolition of slavery, and protesting against the proceed-
ings of the Slavery Committee now sitting, as calculated
to lead to no good effect. It was omitted to be stated
from whence the petition came. It was signed by 14,600
persons, and was 76 yards in length. Thus it appeared
that the whole of the signatures appended to the anti-
slavery petitions which had been presented since the
Ist of May h d been 163,815. The Noble Lord re-
gretted that by the rules of the. House the proceedings
in the Committee were not allowed to be made public.
He had always been an advocate for publicity in ad public
affairs. Every thing of a public nature lie was quite sure
was infinitely the better of being opened to searching public
investigations. If the proceedings of this Committee were
only made public, be was quite sure that it would produce
a very salutary effect. He regretted that he could not
continue to attend the proceedings of the Committee in
consequence of his Magisterial duties requiring him to be
elsewhere. He gave the petition his entire support.
Lord GODERICH begged to observe that the aid
which was now intended to be given to those who had
suffered front the late insurrections in the Island of
Jamaica was not to be considered as a gift but only as a
loan again to be repaid. Toe country was to be considered
as lending its credit to persons who were to repay. Govern-
ment thought that it was their bounden duty to come
forward in the way they had done, to afford that aid to
those who hut unhappily suffered so severely.
Lord SUFFIELD presented other petitions to the same
effect : one from Leicester, signed by 2,200 ; one from
Bath, signed by 450, one from Liverpool, signed by 3,335 ;
one from Hackney, another from Chelmsford, and others
from several other places.
The Earl of lIADDINGTON gave notice that he should
present a petition to-morrow from the county with which
he was connected upon the subject of the uperiorities,
and the manner in which they were affected by the Scotch
Reform Bill.

The Marquess of WESTMEATH presented a petition
from Westmeath against tithes.
The Marquess of WESTMEATH expressed his sur-
prise at such a petition coming from people who had taken
the law into their own hands.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from Manchester,
in favour of the Factories Bill.

The Marquess ofLANSDOWNE presented several pe-
titions, complaining of the provisions of the Boundaries
Bill, from Wolverhampton, Walsall, and other places.
Earl GREY presented several petitions in favour of
the new plan of education adopted in Ireland.
The Alarquese of SLIGO presented petitions from se-
veral places in Tyrone, with a contrary prayer.
Lord RODEN presented petitions against the Party
Processions (Ireland) Bill, and the Irish Reform Bill,
from the Cwnservative Society of Dublin.
Lord PLUNKETT objected to the petition being re-
ceived as the measure to which they referred was before
the House.---Petitions withdrawn.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a petition in
favour of the new plan of education in Ireland, from the
ministers and elders of Dumferline.

Lord PLUNKETT' presented similar petitions from
several Presbyteries in the North of Ireland. He
hod the satisfaction to state that there had been above
600 applications made to the new Board for the establish-
ment of schools. Many of these were by Protestant and
C itholic clergy in conjunction; and the number of scholar.,
about to receive the benefit of the united plae of education
was 125,000.—(Cheers.) In that the opposition to the plan
had completely failed. The number of applications made
to the Board, and the number of scholars who were to be
benefitted by its establishment had been greater during the
last six months than had been made to the Kildare-street
Society during the first six years of its existence.
The Earl of WICKLOW was surprised the dumbt2
was not 6,000 instead of 600.
(LEFT SITTING.)

TV 0 R SHIP- S TREE T
I !Mr. Barnett Cohen, a Dutch Jew, was charged
by Mr. James Sharpe, a Yorkshireman, and pro-
prietor of the Royal Oak, at Reading, under the
following circumstanc, s:—lt appeared that the
prisoner and two others went to the complainant's
house, and engaged beds. On the following morn-
ing they succeeded, during the abs rice of Mr.
Sharpe, in ob►aining from his wife the loan of 11/.
upon six beautiful looking shawls, until their return
n the even,ng.
JThe prisoner was remanded until this day, as
other charges are expected to be brought against him.
On Friday Thomas Trowers, alias Greenwood
Haylett, was charged with having intermarried
with Sarah Collins, whilst his wife was still living.
There was also another charge against the prisoner,
but which appeared to have been abandoned--
namely, that of having deserted from the 80th regi-
ment, and of having afterwards enlisted into the
6th regiment of foot, from which regiment he also
deserted, while they lay at Canterbury, when he
came to reside in the neighbourhood of Mile-end
Old Town, where he commenced the profitable busi-
ness of fortune-teller.

The first marriage having been proved, Sarah
Collins said, that about eighteen months ago she
resided at 23, King-street, Tower-hill. One of her
neighbours apprised her of the extraordinary powers
of a fortune-teller (the prisoner), in King-street,
Mile-end, and she had the curiosity to visit him.
After he had read a "planetary book" for some
time, he told her that her happiest days were yet to
come, and that she would be married to a man of a
fair complexion; and throwing the book upon the
floor, he said the name of the man was written upon
a piece of paper folded in the book. She eagerly
' seized the book, and on examining the paper, she
found the name of Greenwood Haylett written.
She paid him a shilling, and gave him her ad-
dress. In a few days after he called at her house, and
said he was not a boy nor she a girl, and as " short
reckonings made long friends," he hoped there
would be no unnecessary time thrown away in their
courtship. He then came to lodge in her house,
and on the 2d of March, 1831, they were married
in Whitechapel Church. In a few days after he
told her that her house was in too public a situation
for his business, and that he should take a private
one, where there would be a couple of rooms to
accommodate his customers. He then sold off her
stock in trade, and all her furniture, and took a house
behind the London Hospital, where for some time
he earned between two and three guineas a week
telling fortunes. He often told her he was accused
of being a deserter.

Mr. BROUGHTON—What induced you to have
your fortune told ?

Witness—l was unhappy in my mind.
Did he teach you how to tell fortunes ?—He did
not, but said he could do it in an hour.

I suppose his customers were all females ?—They
were principally females, although there were many
men who came, and who paid more liberally than the
females.

Eliza Bishop said she was a married woman, and
knew the prisoner while he lodged with Sarah Col-
lins before their marriage. She accompanied them
to Whitechapel church on the 2d of March, 1831,
and officiated as bride's-maid when they were mar-
ried, and she was a subscribing witness in the re-
gistry book.

Mr. Chapman produced the registry of the mar-
riage in St. Mary's, NVhitechapel, between Green-
wood Haylett and Sarah Collins, on the 2d of
March, 1831
•

The prisoner was then fully committed.
MAR YLED ONE.
On Saturday, a man very genteelly dressed was
irought before Mr. HOSKINS the sitting Magistrate,
m the following charge:—
Police-constable Allington (D, 690 stated, that
in Blandford-street that Pawning about twelve

•
CHOLERA.—Within these few clays a sudden
reflux of the pestilence has taken place in many to vas
where it was believed its virulence had been expended. In
Edinburgh, the list of cases and deaths, though still com-
paratively light, has latterly augmented considetahly, there
being for the last seven days 31 attack, and 19 deaths,
while the previous week's list showed only 13 cases, and
ti deaths. Here, as at other places, a ',umber of persons
in the respectable walks of life have fallen victims, although
the majority of cases still occur among those whos con-
stitutions have suffered from previous disease, and the des-
titute or dissolute classes of society. The duties of the
Board of Health in Glasgow, although parti •Ils susp••nded.
for some time, in consequence of the eessatiiin of ri e
ease, have been resumed, and a daily report ,s now issued
as usual, which at times hulks out fearfully with .he ra-
vages of the plague. In Paisley, Or enock, and other
places in the west, some cases are still dropping out. and
it is probable a few weeks may yet elapse btfore the dis-
ease is wholly extirpated.--Scotsman.

BENEFICENCEOF HIS MAJESTY.—After the
review in Hyde-park, on Tuesday last, the anitiver-ary of
his MAJESTY's accession to the throne, his MAJESTY, with
that mercy which " becomes the throned Monateh better
than his Crown, granted a free ptribm to all the .oltiterk
belonging to the three regiments 01 Foot Guards, or Hite,e_
hold Troops, at present confined tor various peritid., in
different prisons, under sentence of C.urts Martial for mili-
tary offences. On the !ellowing day the prisonets were
informed that his MAJESTY had p t',lit all, and
' that he trusted they would conduct thenasels es better for
the future. The astonishment and joy of the men on re-
ceiving this communication can scareely be conceived._
The soldiers were immediately liberated, and they left tne
prisons, the greater part of them exclaiming, " God bless "`
the King," and promising that the mercy shown to them
would be for ever remembered with erat.tude. About 40
soldiers b-longing to the Guards were liberated from
Brixton House of Correction, under sentence of confine.
ment for various periods. Several of them had many
months to serve in prison; and one soldier had b-en only
a few days in prison, who had been sentenced to a twelve-
month's imprisonment. It is to be toped that those sol-
diers who have experienced his AIAJESTY'S mercy will show
by their future behaviour that it has not been extended to
vain.

The Gazette du Lyonnais of the 21. t inst.
c ,ntains the following mo,t extraordinary nary tion :--
" Ye.terday, within the space of one hour, a parricide,
with five other acts of ferocious barbarity, were coottnit
ted at Pouilly-le-Moneal, near Villefranche. JANE DES,

nocnrs, a native of the town, where 'he live i with he
mother, was married about ten days ago, and rerritt%ed
with her husband to a town at some short distance; hut
set out yesterday morning from her home, and first stopped
at the house of her sister, in a hamlet on her way, and
finding that she and her husband were already Lti ne to
work in the fields, murdered their iufant, lest in a erddier
by cutting its throat with a knife. S:ie next pro ceded
to her mother's at Pouilly, whom she kitled by ab ow
with a pick-ase. S%e immediately afterwards en, re
tha dwelling of a ',female neighbour, whom she sta vied ma
the throat, and threw down a Right or cair,, but the

wounds are not mortal. The lofty iJte t woman t
tered another house, cut the throat Or a did between
sev.•n and eight years old, who was in b. rl, and ga,t• se-
veral slight wounds to the mother, who came in on hear
in; the scrams of her chiP. l-le!e the progress of the
carnage was stopped by the arrest of the pt-rpetrator of
here enormities, which cannot hut have been the elfet of
ins mity, though we have not learnt that this has been
tally istablistied."—French Pad er.
