HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. JOHNSON brought up a return of the number
of prisoners confined in the Four Courts Marshalsea,
Dublin.

Sir HENRY PARNUL brought up the Tk;
port oo the Holyhead Road Act. The committee
t,oyted that the.), were of cpinion that the sum of
3 00.1. ShoPM' tie advance 4, to enable the Commis-
sioners icy irnpro‘e the road between Holyhead anti
London.—The Resolution was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed to-morrow.
Mr. Alderman WOOD moved for returns of the
quantity of spirits and malt in the warehouse.

Mr. J. GRATTAN presented a petition from the
barOni*Of forth, aguipst the Constabulary Act.
11118fc'vti'vtat AcT." •
Mr. H. HUTCHINSON presented a petition
from the county of Tipperary, praying that no altera-
tion should be made in the law for the regulation of
the Butter Trade, without further injury. The
Non, Member said there were several individuals
Oct' had Ottityr,:; for cempensation. mid he trusted the
Eight IlOnpGsntlpiOn•*Oiiiq (let 4 ow ;ip34
Session.

Mr. H. GRATTAN hoped the Hon. Gentleman
would not postpone the Bill until next year ; if he
did, it would be utterly destructive to the butter
trade.

COpii,TENAY said that the represents--
titans which had been mode, indned his Tgajesty
Government to postpone the Bill for a ft ir days.
lie hoped that his Right Hon. Friend the Chan-
cellor of the
.Excheyter would shortly be able to
state whether he could proceed with the Bill this
Session.

Mr, S. RICE was sorry there was any delay;
private interest oughi, npt to stand in competition
with the interest of the public.
Sir H. PARNELL said, the matter had been be-
fore the House three years; and if they went on this
way, there would never bean end twit. ,: •
gr. V. STUART said the butter trade would be
ruined if something was pot done quickly.
The petition was then ordered Co lie nn the table,
and to be printed, •
Mr. W..PEEL presented returns of the number
of prosecutions by the Mint for coining.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BOYLE presented a petition from Clonakitty
for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. HUSKISSON presented a petition from the
shipownews pt. Li yerppol against any alteration in the
duty on staves imported from Ameiita.
Mr. COURTENAY said it was intended to
leave the duty as it stands for the present year..
Mr. C. BARCLAY moved for an account of the
quantity of beer brewed during the last year.
Mr. KKK. presented a petition from Exeter for
the abolition .of slavery.
Sir C.. HASTINGS presented a similar petition
from Leicester.

. Mr. OTWAY .CAVE supported the prayer of
the petition, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTWV brought up the Report on the
Poor f.aws. • 444

Lord EDwAttp SOMERSET presented
petition from Stow on the %Volde, against the s:op_
prcssion of the Small Note circulation.
Sr G. :..A.lll{E presented a petition from the
Solicitors,: of Edinburgh, against the. Attorney T 44.
On the inotion.of i}fr. W. W. WYNlV.tite Cri-
minal Justice. India Bill went through g C6mmittcw
and seyeralamandments were made.. .
Mr. W YNNE proposed some verbal gmelome„ts
which were -agreed to. The House resumed, Ihe
report was brought up and read, the amendments
were agreed ta,:and the BM was ordered to be read
a third time to-morrow, .
lI"{SOLYENT DEBTOR'S (INDIA) BILL.

The order of the day, for the further considera.

SUPPLY.
The Order of the Day for the House going into
a Committee of Supply having been read,
Mr. HOBHOUSE asked whether the intention
of the Government to persevere in pressing the
Additional Churches Bill.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said he should give an answer to the question to-
morrow. , .
The House having resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of Supply,
Sir 11,- HARDINGE moved that the sum of
18,0001. be granted for defraying the salaries of the
Civil Establishment of the Office of Ordnance.
Mr. LILME said, all the statements of the Right
Hon. Gentleman were perfectly clear, but he (Mr.
H.) could not agree with the .statement of the Right
Hon. Gentleman on a former occasion, that the mi-
litary service. was reduced to the lowest possible scale.
In saying so, the Right Hon. Gent. probably proceeded
on the notion that this country ought to keep an
army always ready to take the field ; but he (Mr.
H.) thought that this country ought to avail her-
self of her insular situation, and make a reduc-
tion of our military force in time of peace. He
complained that the recommendations of the Finance
Committee had not been attended to, and he believed
that the vote of a former night showed what re-
gard his Majesty's Government intended to pay to
those recommendations. 'He thought the estimates
on the • table were for a force which this country
did not require in time of peace, and they in fact ex-
ceded similar estimates for the year 1828, which
were greater than similar estimates for 1792, al-
though the Finance Committee had recommended
that our Military Establishments should approve
all as near as possible to the establishment of 1792.
In 1792. the Officers of Eng4icers were 72Hin
1820, 202,--and in 1828, the number was 268. A
Qiitiilitv increase took place in the Royal Artillery
and Horse Artillery Establishments. Such the case,
did not know upon what grounds the Right Hon:'
Gentleman had stated that the military establish-
ments of this country were reduced to the lowest
possible scale. The increase of charge for the artil-
lery establishment, since the year 1822, was not less.
thin 50,0004 and the Artillery force now in time
of peace, exceeded the strength of that force during
the American war by no less than 2000 men. The
whole force of this country in_ the year 1792, was
66,000, in tha year 18223 inoaa, and in 1828
that force ingmod to 129,000/. He considered
we were keeping up a' force wholly unnecessary, and
the expenses of which prevented Government from
reducing the burthen of taxation which pressed so
heavily upon the industry of the country.

TATFERSALL's THIS DAY

In consequence of the July Meeting at Niewmavkot, oe
front some other e4usv, very fr,y, of the MeMbers attended
to-day, to,id 9? I,l.e4itii took: place.

In the case of the CORPORATION of BRISTOL V.
Bust', tried in the Court of King's Bench this
day, a verdict was returned for the Cotriltku—
Pamages, Otie

DREADFUL MURDER.

. •
tion of the report en this Bill, having been read, the
Bill was ordered to be recommitted. The House i
resolved itself into a Committee on the Bill, the I On Saturday night last, Mr. STIRLING, the ea
miler, and a very respectable Jury, were occupie'
six hours in the Board-room of Middlesex Hnspinil
Bill as amended, went through the Committee.
The Report was brought up, and ordered to be
received to-morrom. in the inveltigation of the circumstances attended
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the I the death of Mrs. Ann Silver, whose husband *0
charged with wilfully and maliciously seating her.o
EXCHEQUER, the Warden of the Cinque Ports
Bill was read a second time, asul ordered to be fire.
committed.
The Jury took a view of the body of the tutor
tunate woman : it was burned about the breast si
back in a horrible manner. She appeared to hav
been about 40 years of age,and had evidently bee)
a good-looking woman.
Thomas Quelch, lives at No, 3, Hanover-street
Long-acre, and occupiers an aptutment on the this!
floor. He knew the deceased. And a man 14144
Joseph Silver, a tailor; thay: lived 41 the baelh ic;00
ou the second floor of the said house and *ere con
sidered by all the tenants to be Men nad Sh'
was a remarkably well behaved fetintle,.and laartico
larly sober, but ha on the contrary, wat:verydisei
patcd, which caused them to have repeatettnartill
About three o'clock in the afternoon of thts9th
he left home, but had not proceeded far ithetilli'
wife overtook him, and "begged' of him to retain,,i'
Mr. and Mrs. Silver were fighting. Witnesswee'
back immediately; and as he was ascending thaitsie
he met the deceased screaming, and Iler'cloth°
on fire. She exclaimed, "'Oh, for GA'S Salo
help rne, help me:. he has set me on fire-7J°
has set me on fire." She then, in the burniill
state she was in, attempted to gain her own iiioo
but her husband shut the doer against her, and re
fused let her in; she then attempted to go int°
his (witness's) room, but before she could do 0
Mr. Cocks, another lodger, rolled her in a' blanket
and the fire was extinguished. . She was :then t*
sisted up stairs towards her own rocitn. Witness
just before the fire was put out, saw,:the'dOor opt°
and Silver standing against it. Ho had no :ma
handkerchief on. He heard Mr. Cocks tell him 0
run for a coach to take his wife to the, hospital, 0
•
she was dying. He coolly replied,
,"•re.i.lbelptt 0P My togs (clothes) first : then deliberately put -0;
his coat and hat, and went out for that.putpose, tuo
as lie was going doWn stairs he met his wife, NO'
was being assisted up, and as he passed; be gave het
the key of the room without saying a word, welt
out, but never returned, and he had never ben see'
since. A coach was shortly afterwards fetched bl
a little boy, and the deceased Was 'carried' to tlo
hospital.
Jury : Could the husband hear• what his
said ?—He must have heard her; she repeated
it
several times.
1 Eliza Quelch, the wife of the last witness, de'
posed, that just before three o'clock on the afteriiio
in question, the deceased was in her twitnesSY,
loom, looking out of the window. Her huebat°
was then coming in at the street door.
up stairs into the room, and. asked her ror tfie' key'
which she gave him, and then he struck her Thai
times with his double fist, witlrgreat,violence,pn tilt
eye. She bled very Much, mid they both went int()
their own apartment, Where is - atfew 'minutes 'silo
heard a great scuffling between them. She, they
rats out and fetched her husband,..,,aud when. the'
came back, which was in abOatfoar or five minute)
they met her on the stairs in flaines. :She called
nut, " Help ! help! he has set me on fire—he hue
set me on tiro! for God's sake help l"
Sarah Davis, the purse of the ward in 'Whielvtbi
deceased was, deposed, that on the day after's),
was brought in, she told her that her husband hadsaid to a lodger who told him she was netititi.b.urnt
to death, " Let her burn and be lift& 'll6
clothes had seen set fire to with some 0141'010
had been thrown into the fire in a passion. .
William Cocks was next examined. He. head
the screams of the deceased, and heard "bet SO
" He has set me on fire," several tiineß, 'lre rAo
sawn stairs and threw the ironing blanket over bet'
The upper. part of her dress only was on, ofe,,aral
jets of flame were bursting forth all over
.her, body'
and had the appearance of 'Variegated fleijapa,
fire had been placed amdetnetith her clothes.
tdeeffs
St
never saw s-aoh an extraordinary appearance as AV
whresented. He desired the man, to go for a coach
ich, after much delay and heitatien, he'did; but
he nor the coach ever returned. He had Iris Coated
laitkrelde
rlf•e
aatmtfhoeid
time.
mr, oha Halford, tine' of 'the hoist
surgeons, proved the adaission.of the dieeiiieitad
her death, which took place on Friday 'lase, ri
duced by the injuries she had received by the bussimg!
The evidence being concluded, a }Ong dfseuisioo
observed, drat crime,
peCahoner'ollieleta.do.never had 'Erich o case before.
e4tsued between the Coroner and-Juty:;itponkhe ex'
e
tthdeurninagtu.ceila'olf
acme enormity ofThe Jury then returned •a verdict 'of Wilful
pwearTsi
ehu:en
Murder" against Joseph Silver, and a warrant .wat'
issued for his apprehension. The whole of the 'Wit'
nesses were hound over to prosecute. The in‘ir:f
lasted till 12 o'clock at night. . . 7

pRECssO.IPORAL COBBE Tit%
opiNioais
There is one favour that I ask of you, ;.,ore
Duke, and I never before lurked a favour pf any minister
that is, that yN will have a law passed' tO'cilisiej•aft For
P*l; 4'olZtorsi and Reporters, (of both se;es) of Re'
views, Magazines, and Newspapers, to be drawn up,
rank entire, in Hyde Perk, (Mee in'eVeiY'rhanti ."o
lilac)
and once in every month of September.' • ditatell
up, and to be kept standing there fox two hours. ,-on.iy
let the people see them; 1431 g rho Mori! For the Caw'
thence of the public, !hey might be formedirttna
stto. hollowiep fiats,e(A 2,,dP.nfeedt,tlsietorenesiniagulidt brootateagnaegigt.frfoin.aoldthet:
Tltp pOre sight of the aSatioalago would be quite enougb
peeple would go bopsst: banging their heads tor'shime, the
the) had thrown their money away upon tnatter proceediug
froth the brains of such a bang-dog crew.
FUNERAL OD MoNTGOMERY‘--,Alt half'
past nine o'clock on Saturday night the,reintixis of this ill,
fated individual were rothovt4 privately from Newgate
a corurnort ood conveyed to the 'burial:4round at'
4f4ed tp christ's Church, .Newgate-street,
,where they
Were deposited in a grave pre\;iously prepared:Witlic;ut an!'
of the usual rites of the Church. Several friends of the
deceased were in attendance to witness. the interment, s •
were also the Under-Sheriffs, Foss and RICUARDSON.-1,
The coffin was deposited'in the startle grave 'with, that 01
the person who °outwitted' sniiidoe thii• Salutation io
Newrate,etrect, three weeks since, awl. was notimoretbso
three ket under ground.
. , .
