FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, MA v s.—This morning, at eleven, his
Majesty gave a private audience to the Marquess
de la Porte. After mass his Majesty transacted
business successively with Count Simeon, I''iinis-1
'ter of the Interior; Baron Pasquier, and the
Duke de Richelieu. About 70 members of the
Chamber of Deputies have received the decora-
tion of the Legion of Honour ; 172 functionaries
of the ministry of the finance have been created
chevaliers of the Legion of Honour. The Neapo-
li tan ambassador, Prince Castelcicala,has received
from his Majesty the blue ribband. The ancient
abbey of Paraclete, founded, by Eloisa and Abe-
lard, is advertised for sale. The discussion of
the affair of the 19th of August will open in the
Chamber of Peers on the 7th of May, at the
Palace of the Luxembourg. Yesterday, at three
o'clock, the prisoners implicated in the charge
of conspiracy were removed in hackney coaches
to the prison which has been prepared for them
in the barracks occupied by the gees-d'armes.
The day before, a huissier gave the list of 178
witnesses who will be examined in this affair, in-
dependently of the witnesses in favour of the ac-
cused.—(Journal dcs Debuts.)

GREECE.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM DRASSAII, IN TRANSTIXA-

NIA, ON THE FRONTIERS OF WALACHIA; APRIL 12.

" We learn from Bucharest that Prince Ypsilanti has made
his entry into that city, preceded by Theodore Wiadimireske
andthe principal boyards who went to meet him at some dis-
tance from the city. This entry was a real triumph.

" The inhabitants of Walachia rejoice at the union which
seems to be formingbetween the different Chie6, and especially
at the union of the forces of Theodore to those of Prince Ypsi
lanti. The first result of this union has been the creation of a
Council of Government, as well for the civil administration as
for the supplying of the army, which is stated to amount to
9,000, and which is.. encamped on the banks 'ofthe Danube,
one day's march froni Bucharest. A decision of the Council
has placed at the disposal of the leaders of the Grecian Wa}acha-
,
army all the bells of the parishes and of the numerous monas-
teries in Bucharest and the neighbouring districts, to be cast into
cannon. _ The patriotism of the majority of the inhabitants has
caused this measure to be well received, • even by the Begon-
mines, or superior Abbots of the monasteries, and by the rricst
superstitious class of the people, as has been already observed,
in Moldavia, when the first cannon were cast out of the bellS of
the churches in that country."

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM TRIESTE., Aram 18.
We lean by several Greek vessels, that the richest inhabi-
tants of the isles of Psara, near Chios, and of many other islands
in the Archipelago,have united near the' isle all ydra,wi th their
vessels, to deliberate on the measures to be taken after having
united their marine with thatl of the. Hydriotes, which is the
most powerful in the Archipelago."—(Courier Franriais.)
VIENNA, APRIL 25.—An Edict has appeared
ordering the levy of 150,000 conscripts.
A new and very severe ordinance has just been
published relative to the recruiting for the Army.
It is only to married men and fathers of families
that the new law grants any exemption. A para-
graph of this ordinance imposes a heavy fine on
any person concealinOt conscript, and directs his
enrolement in the place of the deserter.
• We learn from good authority that the Con-
gress of Lay bach will be transferred to this town,
and we are in daily expectation of the Kings of
l'aussr,v and BAVARIA. It is not impossible
that the King of ENGLAND, when on the conti-
nent, will proceed hither.
MADRID, APRIL 24.—1 n the sitting of . the
Cortes on the 23d, a decree was proposed against
the Bishops, enemies to the Constitutional system,
who had been or might be dePrived of their
Bishopricks. A. suitable pension is to be as-
signed to them.

THOUGHT. ON THE EDUCATION

OF THE MODERN GREEKS.

(No. I.)

7-'ac3s.; *EAX-r;v wv trE,
rr
-Trar,2;•3', 'EXEUtheBrE OF
N11.419L18:c, 7ra,:p.; wv 3‘7),
rix.ag 7;p7OVCCV• •r./ vay-rwv arc.),
,Each. Pcrs. 4CO. st
With the sole exception of the Jews, there ig
no nation in whose welfare we ought to take
decided an interest as in that of the G reeks. 1% ita
their history, with their fable, are associated al-
most all our best and most delightful feeling3'
The bare names of InA and ScAmANnER, of I\
. •

TOR and AGAMEMNON, recall, with electric
dity, those school-boy days which few are 0
happy as not to wish recalled, when friendshiP
could not but be sincere, and joy could scarcelY
be alloyed with discontent. Thus, anterior t"
every consideration of their state and eircuar
stances, the Greeks have a powerful hold on 0°
earliest and most Honourable ; prejudices l'gt'
their claims to our regard rest on foundatioui
incalculably more solid than sentimental associv
Hot's ; they, whose forefathers civilized Europe,'
appeal to us, as to a cultivated nation, stifferia
under oppressions the most grievous and intole' .
cable ; they appeal .tO us
'they
to Englishmen inn
freemen ; • and, above all, they appeal to US a 5 t°
Christians, to compassionate the unhappy victinri
of Moslem tyranny and superstition. ;1'
. Our good wishes for the cause of learning 31'1,
civilization, and•our gratitude, are at once arrest
on the side of the Greeks. From them we We,
not only received the rudiments of almost ever)
known science ; but to them we are indebted
those perfect models of every kind of liter4rc
composition, the nightly and daily perusal
which was conceived absolutely necessary_ :-
form the taste and style of a poet, by the
sophic bard of Venusitim. To them we tna.Y.`)-
said to owe the rich 'stores of Roman literatuT,,,
thathave come down to us ; to the mi(rllty bPiri;
of this extraordinary nation, we owe those ntela-
drous monuments of art which are now fora"
r°'"l
at once and guiding the taste of our vollt)",;
sculptors iu the Elgin gallery ; and most 0'
it was the light of Greek literature and Crri'l
philosophy that scattered afar -the Pestilenli4
vapours by which
,the religious and literary bOl
rizon of Europe bad been so long clouded ;
while it made way for the glorious religion whit:
is the happiness of our Protestant‘ Country, "t
raised, as it had formerly done in Rome, agent'',
ral spirit of literary arnbitiiins, of emulation of kr-'•
exalted models; and, as had been also formerlY
the case among the Romans,
in Finland the
basis of all solid and legitimateicomposition.
Such being our situation with regard to thc
Greeks, it is evident that we have much to re.
pay to that oppressed and unfortunate people
so much, indeed, that nothing short of a natioaai
redemption from their present state of polith7.,
and religious slavery can really repay all Ivo'
owe them. We are not indeed, merely for-
motives of compassion to one set of men, t° :°ricp
felt our. plighted faith to another' and t •
justice,
"Sel
even though it be to gratitude
in other words, we would not be underst"(,(
like the consistent and Quixotic advocates `,
NAPOLEONICK despotism and NEAroatTA-'4
herty, to recommend an interference on the 1).3 1'
of the British Government in manifest yin''oo
•
of good politics and good morality • ,
;
ever, we cannot but consider it our nationf.tiech to
towards this suffering, this Christian Pe° a! an.-
put into their hands those works which theli
cestors have transmitted to us, and while En .gl,•
aaatia ~
like a bright and cheering beacon, is sPr' tse
the light of religion and useful knowledge L'
to
amtoiset abs
te,no ingeh
ray
ea cyl
ocno rtnheer s on
the-land
of
fh
on,oi
lir
Es of LEoNIDAS
CHTLUs, of PLATO and SocreAT.
and ARISTIDES.
of reproaCh to our co IntrY
It is not by way
much has indeed already
been we mention this •
• spirited bodies and indis ,
been done by public.- i 4 •
duals in faVour of Grecian education ; yet it
to
er at the present juncture,
and .tr
not perhaps improper,. p
h• n n"t.
remind the public of this obligation, w • ,
the SeP• •-•-•1
influence, in consequence of our jurisdicata
considerable th°
tinsular republic, is so
h osv
Grecian continent. If the Greeks wou.o
off the yoke of their oppressors from the,Po'
f re"
spirit of liberty, unmixed with any aibY sty
vengeful motives, their minds must be prell°:%,;..
emancipated frau the darkness and poilticara
norance under which they at present labun.or,
Let them read in the great father of 'their histio(
-ortaa
the practkabili y of eXpelling a barbarous ~,
Orientals from their fine country, with theirs 1.t0..
Unaided forces ; let them read in their latvr
riabs, and in those of other nations, the .iraaa
• • f talc
and ac'
,101
which prepared ,and facilitated the ruin ° 000
several States, and at length, that of for
nation ; and then let them jadge
themselves. In the academies of Ithacararas
Cephalonia much has been already done t°: ja-
effecting this grand
_object ; let us hope thati_ives
stitutions of this nature will extend then':',e:‘,:e
over the whole Grecian continent ;
turn our attention to converting e WS, ti(,)t thel'e
gelizing Otaheitans, det us not forget 11 on us
is a country which has far greater oi`.l,dc; 00t. to
than one of those nations, and whicb 11°1 vier.
us far more advantageous prospects tha.n
Cambridge, May 7, 1121.
arici WI!
va

toss of W --
We are happy to find the reports of the Uou'
from :
dent are as favourable as it is possible to exPec,.'
and that her Ladyship is progressively
ARWICK'S recovery her late acct"
approac"
inn to convalescence. •
On what mere trifles does our happiness de-
pend!—Wealth though it cannot always
happiness may sometimes produce it ; creat.e,
forms no considerable link in the chain of human
for
felicity, 'the general and incessant struggle
tiy
riches among all class,es of mankind will sufficien
sometimes
prove. Admitting then, that money
you;
causes happiness, what a mere 011ie may
produce this Summum Boman ! Twenty Shillings
only, laid out for a Sixteenth Chance, in t_he
present Lottery, may gain upwards of X 1,300 !
A Ticket Chance; which only costs 14 Guines,
may gain -09-1,000 ;—All in One Pay 17th This
;
Month, (May) and that It
