NEWEST SYSTEM OF COOKERY.

This day was published, New Edition, in Bvo. neatly and
closely printed in double columns, comprising upwards
of 500 pages, and 5,000 of the most modern domestic

recei n tg,
THE COOK'S DICTIONARY.
By RICHARD DOLBY,

Of the Thatched House Tavern, St. James's street.
".* To this new Edition great additions have been
made, consisting of a body of new receipts, numerous
engraved deigns for laying out the table, elegant Fron-
tispiece, &c. &v.

A complete Encyclopaedia of Cookers•, adapted equally for
the use of the profession and of private families "—Morn. Post.
Henry Colburn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.

ARMY
THE UNITED S 1
and NAVAL and M
July contains, among other
papers, v;z

D NAVY.

.RVICE JOURNAL
.LIT CRY MAGAZINE for
s, the following important

♦RMS AND ARTS.
Maritime Speculation, No. 1,
Patronage, Premium, and Pro-
motion.

History of his Majesty's ship
Cumberland, 74 guns.
Memoir of the Services of the
'ate Vice-Admiral Winthrop.
Mem..ir of the Services of the
late Lieut -Gen JamesDunlop.
Monument to the joint memo-
ries of the late M jor.General
Geo. Mackie, C.B , and Major_
General David Stewart, K.C.B.
at St. I ucia.

Prospects of Canada in the
event of a war.

Observations upon Naval Ar-
chitecture or Construction, by
Captain Symonds, R.N.
On the Nautical Almanack.
Distribution of the entire
Army to the Ist of July.
Letters to the West Indies,'
No. 1.

General Correspondence.
Correspondence from the Out-
ports.

Recollections of a Sea Life,
(continued).
The British Traveller in the
Peninsula (continued).
otes from Van Diemen's
Laud.

F.,iitor's Portfolio.
Naval Punishments.
Southern Africa and Coloni-
zation.
F eld Signals.
Foreign Miscellany, &c, &c.
I Bentley, New Burlingti,n-

Published by Colburn an
street.

DUGGIN'S PATENT \TENT! uATING
BEAVER HATS are acknowledked to be the
best kind of Hats ever yet invented ; they are exceedingly
light, only 44 ounces, will never injure by wet, lose their
colour or shape, and will not prevent the egress of per-
spiration, which has been so much the complaint of
Water-proof Hats, often producing the head-ache and the
loss of hair.

Price 21e. and 265., Drab, Brown, and Lady's Riding Hat

at the same price.
TO BE HAD ONLY OF THE PATENTEES,
DUGGIN and Co., SO, NEWGATE-STREET, near
the New Post Office.

N.B. Waterproof Beaver, 18s. ; Light Silk Hats, from
91. 6d. to 18s. ; Boys' and Youth's Beaver Hats, from
se. 6d. to 18s. ; Gentlemen's and Boys' Caps of every
description.

DOCTOR SOLOMON'S "'
CORDIAL BALM OF GILEAD
IS a Preserver and Restorer of Health to the
Weak, the Sickly, and Infirm. Its warm and reno-
vating quality indisputably renders it the best Medicine
for Relaxations, Debility, Lassitude, Tremors, Sinking of
the Spirits, and all those Nervous affections which harass
and oppress the Weak, the Sedentary, and the Delicate;
it warms and steadies the cold and tremulous Nerves, in-
vigorates the mu-cular system, animates the Spirits, and
renovates the whole man ; whereby the chill watery
fluids become rich and balsamic, and the circulation re-
sumes a healthful state.

Also, price 35. British, that interesting and useful
Family Work (with which is given an elegant Portrait of
the Author, and a View of GPead House), entitled A
GUIDE to HEALTH ; or, ADVICE to BOTH SEXES,
in a VARIETY of COMPLAINTS.

By S. SOLOMON. M.D.
Containing a Treatise on Female Diseases, Nervous and
Hypochondriac Complaints; also General Remarks on
those Disea-es with which the human body is most fre-
quently afflicted; explaining the symptoms, mode of
treatment, and remedies most properly adapted fur Sexual
Debility, &e. &c.
8"J by Mr. Johnston, 65. Cornhill ; Mr. Sanger, 150,
Oxford-street ; Mr. Ward, Holborn ; Mr. Siradling, Royal
Exchange ; Mr. Henry Mackeill, 33, Whitechapel, Lon-
don, and all Medicine Vend rs, in Bottles at 11s. each,
or four in one Family bottle, for 335.
whereby lls. may
he saved. With each bottle is given a copious bill of
directions. The Government Latiel or Stamp has the
words '' Saml. Solomon, Liverpool," engraven on its
official impression, aml is uniformly plated on the coik to
protect purchasers from count, rteit imitations.

The passage by steam-packet from South-
ampton to the Isle of Wight, is now only sixpence each
person.

On the motion of Lord MORPETH the Lords' Amend-
'tents to the Ossett Soke Bill were read a second time.
Mr. SHAW presented three petitions from the Mem-
Limis of the Schomberg Roy-,l Or inge Lodge, No. 1690,--
me against the Irish Reform Bill, the second against the
Party Processions Bill, and the third against the Govern-
ment plan of education in Ireland.
Mr. C. CALVERT presented a petition from the
Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers, of the parish of St.
Olive, Southw irk, complaining of the influx of Irish
ioor, and praying that some law may be enacted to
afford relief to the Irish poor, and also to alter the law
egarding the issue of marriages celebrated in this coon-
'ry between Protestants and Catholics by Catholic priests.
The Hon. Member said, that this parish was much bur-
•lened with poor-rates, chiefly caused by the influx of
Irish poor. The population of St. Olave was only ab ut
9,000 person., of whom 3,000 were Irish poor, and the
moiety of the fund raised for the poor-rate was given to
the Iri-h poor.
Mr. DAWSON wished that before the gentlemen of St.

Olave's or any other parish, prayed for the removal of It ish
poor they would consider what service that class rendered
to England. The public derived great advantage row
their labour, and, therefore, when any casualty befel them,
they ought to be chargeable to the poor-rates. So long
as the Union lasted (and God only knew how long that
would be) the Irish who carne to this country were as
much entitled to the pro.ection of the laws as any person
coining from Northumberland or any other place at a
distance.—(llear, hear.) If the poor were to be trans-
ported to Ireland, why not also transport the rich
who were spending in this country the millions wrung
from Ireland ? As long as that system was continued, let
them not hear from the churchwardens of any parish, that
the Irish poor were a burden on the country, but rattier
let some person state the benefits derived by this country'

from the rich Irish, as well as from the labours of the
poor Irish. He for one did not wish to set himself against
a system of poor laws in Ireland, but he set himself against
the introduction of such a system as was practised in Eng-
land.

After a few observations from the O'CoNNoR Dort and
Mr. BLACKNEY,

Mr. CALVERT assured the House that the petition
did not complain of the Irish who laboured and spent their
money in this country, but of those who came into the
parish one week and applied for relief the next. The
rate in St. Olave's was 6,0001. a year, of which 3,0001.
was expended on this description of persons.
After some observations from Mr. H. Grattan, Mr.
Shaw, Colonel Perceval, and Mr. G. Dawson, the petition
was ordered to printed.
Mr. GEORGE DAWSON regretted that none of his
Majesty's Ministers were present, as he wished to know
whether they intended to make any alterations in the law
relative to Roman Catholic marriages. As the law at pre-
sent existed, he believed no Roman Catholic marriage was
legal, unless the parties were re-married by aclergyman of
the Established Church.

Lord KILLEEN was happy to inform the Right Hon.
Member that a Bill was about to be brought forward to
remedy the evil complained of.
Mr. CALVERT presented petitions from the church.
wardens of the parishes of St. Olave and St. George the
Martyr, Southwark, against the Bill for the removal of
Scotch and Irish vagrants.
Captain GORDON presented petitions from Dews-
bury and other places, against the Government plan of
education for Ireland ; also two petitions, one from New-
castle and the other from Stirling, against the grant to the
College of Maynnoth ; also from Newcastle, against slavery.
Sir A. AGNEW presented a petition from Watford,
praying the House to adopt measures for the due observ-
ance of the Sabbath.

Mr. WESTENRA presented petitions from Monaghan,
in favour of Irish education, and the Irish Reform Bill,
and against tithes.

Lord MORPETH presented a petition from Halifax,
against the 13111 for the removal of Scotch and Irish
vagrants.

Lord R. GROSVENOR presented a similar petition
fron► Cheater.

Jr. LEFROY presented a petition fr,'m the Conserva-
tive Protestants of Ireland, and from a palish in Meath,
against the Irish Reform Bill ; also a petition from Sligo,
against the system of education proposed by Government
for Ireland.

Mr. RYI)ER presented a petition from Hemel Hemp-
stead, Wdlton, and Stapleford, praying for the better ob-
servance of the S ibbath.

Mr. HOPE presented a pi tition from the workers in
mills at Douglass Green, against the Factory Bill.
Lord G. LENNOX would take the opporiunity, while
nothing was bef re the House, of correcting a mistake which
occurred some short time ago. On a discussion on the
the Boundary Bill with respect to some place in Surrey,
the editor of the Mirror of Parliament sent him a
-peech for correction while he was not in the House en the
debate in question, and lie returned the speech, at the
same time telling the E-lirur of the fact. However, that
gentleman was determined that a speech he should have, for
when he returned to town he was surprised to find that
his name was put to a speech in that paper in th it debate
at which he hail already told the editor lie was not pre-
sent, and unfortunately it happened that it was to
a speech with not one sentiment of which he could
agree. ( Hear, hear, hear.) All he wished was that the
mistake show(' be corrected.

Mr. STANLEY said, that to facilit rte the progress
of the It ish Boundaries Bill, and in order to meet sorm. of
the objections made to it, he would to-morrow move for
a Select Committee to inquire into, and take into consi-
deration, the cases of Mallow, Dungat von, and Youghall.
In answer to a question put by an HON. MEMBER
(whose name we could not learn), with regard to the sur-
p'us of the French Claim iota' Fund,
Lord ALTHORP said it wig the intention of Govern-
ment to appoint other Commissioners to investigate the
matter. The old Commissioners would not be continued,
for lie believed they would nut now give satisfaction to the
public.

Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN then rose to move for
certain p ipers relative to the difference between the real and
official value of export goods, and also to propose his reso-
lutions (which have been before the public for some time) re-
lative to the same subject. He said that since 1824, the de-
preciation in the real value of exported goods bad amounted
to upwards of 50 per cent., yet still the officially declared
value was continued at the same ratio as formerly. And
yet the question had never been thoroughly investigated in
that House. He did not call upon the House by the pre-
sent resolutions to pledge themselves to the expres-
sion of any particular opinion, but merely wished to bring
the subject fairly before the House. The depreciation in
prices had affected materially the industrious cl uses of so-
ciety. It had been said that he was unfriendly to exports ;
but that was untuuwied ; besides the export trade should
never be forced. Distress now was general, it did not affect
particul ir branches merely, but all classes of society.
The whole of the depreciation, the Hon. Alderman said,
was so much taken from labour : the labour of the
country, at two shillings a day, would be twenty-six
millions per month, which would have gone into cir-
culation among a variety of trades. That was on
calculations which had been made by a friend of
his. It was not the importation of foreign goods
alone that had produced this effect, but it was
produced
by a combination of causes, of which
the currency was the chief. Having done with
the depreciation, he next adverted to a comparison
of the English and foreign trades. There was on an
average of ten years up to 1818, thirty-seven millions
and a halt of exports. In 1819 there was an increase of
more than a million and a quarter, but in 1830 there
was an amazing falling off. Notwithstanding all
the arrangements that were made to increase our
exports, there was in 1830 a decrease of six millions and
a half, instead of an increase of ten millions, as was then
expected. From 1819 to 1830 the falling off had averaged
six millions and a half per annum. From the want of re-
turns last year, they were not included in his resolutians,
nut he admitted that the falling off would not have been so
much in 1831 probably by a quarter of a million. One
third of our exports to the north of Europe were in cotton
yarn. He now came to compare the exports with the
,mports, for he was told it did not signify how low the
prices were, provided we got a proportionate increase Of
quantity. It was most extraordinary to him to see the
great decrease in the exports, which he could not at all
.ccount for. It was too remarkable, that in 1617 the
depreciation amounted to 9,000,000/ per annum; but after
the passing of the Bill for the resumption of cash payments
it decreased,but in lB22,when the email note bill passed, the

depreciation then inereas,,d, and it now amounted to eleven
millions. He was perfectly satisfied something must be dons
with respect to the currency of the country; it was not,
however, for him to point out a remedy, he had done hi-
ditty in drawing the facts to the attention of the House,
and left it to draw it own conclusions.
Colonel TORRENS seconded the motion.
Mr. P. THOMSON would, with all respect for the
Worthy Alderman, declare that, in his opinion, the reso-
lutions were such as ought not to he agreed to by that
House ; and he would move the previous question.
Colonel TORRENS said the Worthy Alderman had
puzzled himself and perplexed the House by talking of
official v due and real value, instead of simply speaking of
quantity and price.
Mr. ROBINSON agreed in the necessity of a chance
in our Financial Policy, and condemned the alterations
made under the auspices of Mr. Huskisson.
Mr. HUME defended the doctrines of Mr. Huskisson.
Mr. COURTENAY differed from the Hon. Member
for Middlesex in the view which he was aware he (Mr.
H.) took of the system advoc tted by Mr. Huskisson.
After a few words from Sir R. VYYTAN, Mr. Hums,
Mr. HUNT. and Mr. ATTWOOD,
Lord ALTHORP gave the Hon. Alderman great credit
for the attention he had shown to his subject, but could
not agree with the Hon. Member as to a'l his conclusions.
If two Hon. Members, starting from exactly opposite
principles, yet arrived at the same conclusion, that fact
would show that what they both agreed on was worthy of
the consideration of the House ; but he much suspected
that the Hon. Member and the Hon. and Gallant Member
would not be found to agree together. Indeed, he be-
lieved the results to which they came would he seen to be
quite different from each other. What, then, did the
Hon. Alderman require? He required the House to give
a sanction to certain opinions embodied in the resolutions
he had produced. Now, there was perhaps hardly one
gentleman in that House who would wish to pledge the
House to all those opinions; and under all these circum-
stances there seemed to be no course left but that of mov-
ing the previous question.
Sir C. PORHES took that opportunity of complaining
that India was not well treated. She was too highly
taxed. Her produce ought to be admitted here almost free
of duty, and ours ought to go out to India equally free
from taxation, India had long been drained of her bul-
lion for the use of this country, and she could stand the
drain no longer Within the two last years no less than
three millions sterling had been sent here from India.
In every part of the country that was under our govern-
ment, the situation of the native Indians was worse than

it had been under that of their native governors, to whose
dominion they now sigEed to return. He thanked the

Right Hon. Member, -the Vice-President of the Board
of Trade, for what he had done in modifying the
duties lately. By doing justice to the East Indies,
no injury would be done to our West Indian possessions;
and unless justice was done to the East Indies, we should
not he able long to continue our government of India, cer-
tainly not unless our present system was changed.
Mr. GALLY KNIGHT objected to the motion of the
Hon. Alderman, for he thought that nothing was more
mischievous than to teach the labouring classes that erro-
neous impression, that a vote of that House could relieve

the distresses that from any cause whatever were brought
upon them. The evil arose from the habit, unfortunately
too prevalent, of taking one thing to be the cause of
another, merely because the first had preceded the second
in the order of time. As an instance, he might mention
the Reform Bill. Suppose, there should he a bad harvest,
there were some people who would say, and he feared
there were not wanting others who would believe them,
that it was a judgment of Heaven, because of the passing
of the Reform Bill.—(A laugh.) There were many
causes over which the Legislature could have no control,
that would occasion distress in some one branch of na-

tional industry. Fashion was one of these causes. In
the case of the glove trade, for instance, fashion had sud-
denly occasioned a change which no Legislature could
foresee or prevent; for sarely there was no one who would
say that an act ought to be passed to prevent people from
wearing cotton gloves, and to compel them to wear kid
gloves. Such a course might put down one clamour for
a moment, but it would raise others louder and more per-
manent. It was necessary that the*e things should be un-
derstood, becau.e, as the Reform Bill would give a new
strength and influence to the manufacturing iuterest, it
was important that the people should not be led into mis-
takes on these matters.

Mr Alderman WAITHMAN replied; after which the
question was put upon his Resolutions, and they were
severally negatived without a division.
