LONDON, FRIDAY EVENINTG, JLTNE 6, 18:34.

" That in order to encourage those men who are dis•
satisfied with the imperious mandate of the Trades' Union,
the committee be empowered to open houses of call for
he reception of all workmen willing to secede from the
unionists, and be employed at the wages hitherto paid,
"lid that this meeting pledge themselves to give exclusive
"'Tort and encouragement to such men. And that the
committee be requested to carry into effect the intent and
'hject of the foregOing resolution."
By this resolution the committee feel that their duty
l'as clearly prescribed to them by the unanimous opinion
thereby expressed. And they. will now show—
. etondly, that the declaration they have issued was ab-
:oletely called for by the circumstances which have come
‘) the knowledge of the committee since their appointment.
And they call the attention of the trade to a document
'olanating from the trades' union, being the abstract of-the
Proceedings of a special meeting of the trades' union dele-
tes held in London on the- 13th, 14th, 15th, 17th, 18th,
and 19th of February, 1534. It. commences in these
Words:— •
" The Committee of Management of the Grand Lodge
tj,f,Utlited Operative Tailors of London, having convened
-"'s special meeting of the delegates front various trades'
unions throughout the kingdom," 4-c.
But this long document being so important the Com-
-I!littee will immediately cause it to be reprinted, and a copy
delivered to each Master Tailor. It contains eight propo-
sitions, a series of resolutions, and the ten preliminary arti-
cles for es'ablishing the consolidated union. It then de-
clares that the Executive Council should act as trustees for
all funds provided by the consolidated union for the adjust-
ment of strikes. It then levies a shilling from each member
,of all the lodges in the consolidated union for raising a fund
(") employ the men of Derby, and other places. It then
; 45 a new universal sign, and the document concludes
'II these words :_
" Thanks were severally voted to brother J. M'Donald,
the chairman of the meeting, and to other members of
te council of the grand lodge of operative tailors, for
their zealous services during the meeting. .
" Bz order of the executive council,
(Signed) '°J. BROWNE."
The subject for the deep and serious attention of every
roaster tailor is, that the journeymen tailors in Londonare,
1)1 their own document, proved. to be the great moving
Power of the trades' unions, they having summoned dele-
lsles fromvarious trades' unions throughout the kingdom
meet them.
th_Thissterte authority, signed " Yohn Browne," ordered
e strike on the part of the journeymen tailors.
This committee most deeply lament the sufferings and
Pr 4 iva.tions the journeymen have undergone during the
I'a
1.14, as much so as any persons can do ; but as they
ye lent their aid to paralyze commerce, to throw out of
,',lllll9yment thousands who are unconnected with them, in
15 privations they are undergoing they only reap the fruits
ul their own conduct.
It is well known to your committee, that the
.funds to
811Pport the strike have signally failed; that no one induce-
Oient held out to the men to strike has been realized ; and
that the funds were doled out to them in the merest pit-
tance, and under circumstances of the most signal failure
of a great combination, founded on injustice to all parties.
• The masters are in a position to demand if not indemnity
'for the past at least a security for the future, and in the
!pinion of your committee they seek this security by the
sleelaration they have issued, and which they have required
all those in their employment to sign.
On the 17th of May, last Saturday week, an official
nc'tiee from the Grand National Consolidated Union was
!Peed upon by " the executive council," which states,
Q That the best probable mode for the operatives in towns
` adopt to imrove their immediate coditon unti the
full
and perfect plans of united labour cans bei carriedl into
execution, is._
to " First—To continue to subscribe a fixed sum weekly,
form a fund to become the foundation of a general bank
for the working classes, which fund should be sacred, and
00t applied to any other purpose whatever.
" Sixth—All the operatives should keep in constant
employment, upon the best terms they can obtain, until
Bneh terms can be made by the consolidated union with the
1,41-producers of wealth and knowledge as shall liberate all
tl'e.producing classes from the slavery and degradation in
`'llseh they have hitherto been and now are,
" On behalf of the Executive
(Signed) " E. C. DOUGLAS."
A brief recapitulation of the facts will make the subject
farailiar.
Fist'--Thejourneymen tailors are the moving power of
..e trad
.es
,union.
n,u__
Seco_
the „ y The executive council of the union ordered
"'ors to strike.
eThirdly
—When the funds fail, the executive of the trades'
rnes order the operatives into employment upon the best
_Ns they bt
ran oain, and require the to subscribe a
weekly to form a fund for future purposes.
he committee of the master tailors put forth the
persopFOLLOWING DECLARATION as a test to try the
erson who applies for work, whether he has belonged or
n seceded from the trades' union or not :
‘. WE, TUE UNDERSIGNED FOREMEN, JOURNEYMEN TAILORS,
`ND OTHERS, IN THE EMPLOYMENT OF
WE ARE NOT MEMBERS OF DO DECLARE THAT
HE TRADEs, UNION--
'NAT ir is NOT OUR INTENTION TO BECOME ME,IRERS OF ANY
ASSOCIATION, NOR Du WE NOW, OR WILL WE IN A v was-,
b'l"CTiv OR INDIRECTLY, CONTRIBUTE TOWARDS THE SUPPORT
"r SUCH ASSOCIATIONS; IN ATTESTATION OF Witica, WE
44AINTo SUBSCRIBE OUR NAMES THIS -- DAY of, --, I g 34.,,
tradAesnl in pubrely to this declaration, the executive of the
union lish a manifesto in the Weekly True Su in which it ispsaid
Brothers, you must immediately arouse yourselves to
,
underst4nd whit you have to do. Reflect well before you
resolve ; calm but your resolutions into firm and determined in carrying
execution. Let no man or woman,
'front one end of the kingdom to the other, sign this docu-
ment. It would be far better to resolve to die, rather than
puesebea" compelled to be the lowest of such slaves to igno-
d Presum t•
Here, then, p
proved, from
the resent i ofr committee have traced and clearly
.s not a documents of the trades' union, that
p contest between the master tailors anti
the journeymen, but the
tradesmenfirst contest between the master
ujon.,, and " The Grand National Consolidated Trades'
The committee, therefore, call upon every master tailor,
every well wisher to
meanth best interests of the country, to
ti-°-a operate with them earnestisea,ndimrpeosleitluiet,e
adnedtedarmni..-
geLi°o to put an end to this unw
that the con-
tii7,l4 combination; convinced, as they are,
dann.44o of such an association is fraught with the most
, emus consequences to the men, their employers, and
fytsociety : and to the termination of which associations,
__so
the master tailors are concerned, they are individually
`llO co he
pledged in the face of the whole country.
It W.-„
JOHN LESLIE, Chairman.
adopted: then moved that this report be received and
ration" b An amendment was proposed that " the Decla-
e omitted ; a division took place—
For the report 532
For the aMendment
8
The committee,Circular :-L on the 29th May, issued the following
it being.. the duty of Elford, J. A., Great Pulteney
the spirit and the the committee to carry into effect street •
,t letter of the resolutions of the Public Eaton, John and James, Lower-
-et :11,„ of,the Trade, they have resolved to republish the street, Islington
fivilltia" the llaster Tailors who subscribed to the re- Edwards, John and Co., Con.
higTeon: of the 29th of April, and the 27th of May ; and duit.strcet
ivumosti)ublicity will be given to this statement, it is Ellis annpaull, 25, New Os.'
desirable that the'most correct information be ob. mOnd-street •
tamed. he committee, therefore, request you will favour liktdowes, Mr., Jerallustreet

Atkinson and Crookes, 143,
Regent-street

Aylieff, Josh., Prinee's.street
Hanover-square
Ayre and Hillier, Poland_st.
Atkins and Soo, Mount-street
Arnold and Miller, 13, Mount.

place
Archer, Regent Circus

Aden.y, Wm,, Sackvil,e-street
Anstey hind Co., George-sttea
Abbott, W, 13, Argyll-street
A,i►'on, T., St. James's-square
Atkins, 31, Mount-street
Al!e.i, T., Park-street

AyME% J., Brook-street

Berlingbam. 10, Jermyu-street
Barber, J. W ,

Batts, T., 5, Pall mall East
Bradford, M. G., 48, Lombard.

street
Balaton, S., South 51oltOn.st.
Burn, J. and A , 5, Nassau-
street, Soho
Bingham, G , Conduit-street
Boss and Son, 57, Frith-street,
Soho

Batey and Finley, 40, Duke-
str.et, St James's
Burgess, J ,275,Regent-st.
Ball, Jo n, 20, St. George's.
place, Hyde-p :rk-cornvr
Brock and Son, 10. Sackville-

street
Bland, J., 4, Argyll-greet
Blackmon., Chrtsr., Cork-street
Ball, Ff., Bedford street
lierdoc, W., Goswell-st—road
Bat t, R , 9, E(' Iw ar thst r eet
Portman-square
Bolt te and Co., Sackvilk-street
Bagster, W., 5, Southampton_
street, S rand

uckuna,ter, W. and J., Bond
street

Barker, J., B'rkeley.square
Baldwin, H., 101, Cheapide
Baldwin and Co., Sweeting's,
alley

Bro,gh, G., Southampton row
Bellingham, N. and 'l'., ditto
Br• ughton and Co , Southamp-
ton-street

Bradshaw, J., NiT,rwiek-street
Bradberry and Wells, New
Band-street

Blackwell, Leicester-square
Briggs, R., Poland.street

Born, A., Hai.over-street
Brook bai Ik, W., George.street,
Adelphi

Bladen, Len, Hanway.street
Bungay, W., 99, High-street,
Manche.•ter_square
Burghart, F., 17, Clifford-street
Bracher, G., Little Bell-alley
Baker and Son, George.street,
Hanover-square
Bartholomew, London Wall
Baker, Cheapaide
Binaie and Richardson, 31,
Old Bond .strect

Chubb and Sons, Queen-street,
Cheapside
Cox, Thom is, 8, Cork-street
Court, W., Great Pulteney-st.
Chambers, Little Maddox-at.
Colbron, Jail-street, Conduit-
street
Clarkson, C., Circus-street
Cooke, J., Regent-street
Cooper and Crevr, 6, SWF()Ik-st.
Cooke, R., 17, Po.and-Areet
Crowder, J , GI a echurch.st.
Coles and Co., Paul...trvet

Coates, H., Down-street
Challis, W., 22, Cornhill

C harles, J., Fleet-street

Cooper, H., Park-lane
Coop.-r, J., New Bond-street
Cutler, E., 8, Hanover.sireet
Collins, S., 66, Ha; market
Crooks, G., Maddox.s rect
Co 'k arid Wheeler, Princes-st.
Corbett and Fountaine, Albe.
marle.street
Curtis, Edw., St. James's-street
Cartwright, F., Lower Grosre.
nor-street
Cape, G. A., Penton square
Crain, J., 78, St.J4mes's-st.
Currie, J., 185, Oxford-street

Davies and Co., 49, Pol nd-st.
Dobell, Bell-alley, Lotnbard-st.
Davies, Green-street, Grosve,

nor-square

Dixon, Arundel-street, Strand
Dick and S n, Hanover-street
Dunn, Cirencester-place
Davidson and Newham, Cork-
street

Daniels, G., 90, Jermyn-street
Davis and Price, Cork-street
Deigh'on, 71, St James's.st.
Doudney and Son, 49, Loin.

bard-btreet
Draeger, G., 36, Leicester-sq.
Darby, IL, Red Lion.square
Dewey, Nlortimer-street
Danotbky, 36, Duke.btreet, St.l
James's
Davies, T., Hanover-street
Doudney, (4. D , 97. Fleet.st.
Doddime de, Chas., Newington
Causeway

intheeinitttwoitsign ,
with an,answer to the following questions, to enable Kolbe and Fletcher, Conduit
them to classify the names for publication:— street
First
,—Have you required the persons in your employ- Koehler, J. D., Leicester-sq.
The Declaration?" Kennedy, J., Quebec-street
Second—Have you discharged those persons who have Kloer, Queen-stre-t, Golden
refused to sign " The Declaration 2" square
Third,—Have you any persons in your employment Knox and Howard, 4, Mad.
who have not signed " The Declaration ?" dos -street
Fourth,—Do you decline to afford the Committee the Kirwood, W., 2, Old Coven.
required information ?If so your name will be published diab.street
as refusing it.
The written answers to these questions enable the com-
mittee to state—THAT THE FOLLOWING MASTER
TAILORS HAVE NO PERSON IN THEIR EM-
PLOYMENT WHO HAS NOT SIGNED " THE
DECLARATION."

COMMITTEE.
LESLIE. JOHN, Chairman, 60, Conduit.street
STORY, W. H., Treasurer, 157, New Bond-street
HA It RISON, C., Hon. Secretary, 39, Sackville.street
Adeney, W , 16, Sackrine-street
Anstev, Gear e-street
Burg! art, F., 17, Clifford-street •
Cartwright, F, 62, Lower Grosvenor.street
Conk, R., 17, Pofaad-street
D.+eidsofi, T., 12, Cork-street
Gurney, J.. 56, St James'•_street
Guthrie, A., 54, New Bond street
ataskvine-street
Hotssley, Jo, 661;rd-street
Hudson, G., 124, Bon +-street
Jnnes, J., 6, lt,.,enr..street
Kerry, Cork-street
M`Calan, J., 40, King-street
Mette, E., 14, Sackvile-street
Meyer, J., sen., 36, Con.luit-street
Meyer, J., jun , 36, Conduit-street •
Newton, W., 7, Madox-street
Nugee, F. J., 20, St..lames's.street
Pulford, R., 65, St. James's-street
Read, J., 11, Upper Brook-street
Scaife, A. P., 115, New Boud.street
Simpson, W., 24, Leadithall-ttreet
Simpson, E., 6, Sweeting's-alley
Simpson, H , 139, Le .denhall.street
Sprague, D., 37, 0 d Band-stre.t
Stock, It , 137, Regent-street
Stuart, S., 91, Jermyn-street
Stuart, D., 9, Fin,h-lane
Stutz, J., 10, Clifford-greet
Weston, 37, Old Bond.street
Willis, G., IS, St. J.rines's street
Wyllie, S A., 45, Conduit-street

Edwards and Son, 46, Basing.
ha I.street

(Evans, Samuel, 2, Finsbury

place
Eagleton and Glnver, Hig

street, Borough
Edwards, Joel, 9, lianover-st.
Dratt, S., 123, Regent street
Evans and C Mount. .treet
Ewens, C., Goswell-str..et-rnad
Edwards and Co., Conduit-st.

Longstaff, W., 13, Bury-st.
J , Old Jewry

Evans, W., Lombard.strect
Erck, George, 140, Regent.si

Ford, Win., Wimpole-street
Fraser and Banwell,l 71, Bon,

street
Flight, C , St. James's street
Furby and Stockton,Sackville.
street
Fletcher, H. and G., 33, New
Bond_street
Falconer, William, 165, New
Bond_street
Fritz, L., 38, Great Marl-
borough-street
Field, A. Warwick-street
Forster, H., Oxtbrd-street
!Frans, Leicester place
Fisher, Jamie, 37, Duke-street,

St. James's
(Finlay, John, 66, Fenchurch

street

Frolich and Besch, 11, Rano-
ver.street
Farthing Oxford-street

Guthrie and Son, NZAV Bond.
street

'Gibbon and Lock, Clitford-st,
Gardner, James-street

!Grose, Vincent, 152, Tooley.

street
Griffith and Pearson,l2o,Bond.

street
Goo,ly, J., 2, Clifford-street
Green, S and Co., Say lle.row
Gurney and Son, St. Jaines's.st.
Ge.ldes, A., Great Osmond,st.
Gr. en, E., Regent-street
Goring W., 14, Pail.mall
Gilb. rt and Hopkins, 99, Ox.

ford.street
Gillott, G , 36, Strand

Gustaid and Co., Wre-street
Gyp•on, W., 19, Featherstone.
buildings

Hoepfner, A., Frith.street

Hocken, J., Maddox-street
Hall, J., 46, Holborn hill

Hopkins, J., 67, Lamb's Con.
du.t.street
Ha,ledon, E., 2, Lower John.
street, Golden-square
Hudson, G., 124, New Bond.
street

Harrison and Burn, 39, Sack.
ville. street
Hudson, H. and W., Wilson.
street, Fin.bury
Millet' and Son, Grosvenor-st.
Hutton, R, 114, Park-street,
Grosvenor-square
Harvey and Stokes, Jermyn.
street
Howell and Read, Upper
Brook.strcet
Holfinan, G., Duke-street
Haigh, J., Margaret-street
(Hughes, 0. H , New Bond.st.
Hay, John, 4, New Bond.st.
Heyden, A., South Molton.st.
Hamilton, D., Nicholas-lane
Haldane, J., Old Burlington-

street
Hallett and Co., South Molton
street
Henderson, A., Old Burling.

Layfield, Thoma 3 and Wll
Liam, 11, Beak.street

Leudrum, Robt., Regent.st.
Lake, J., Sonthmolton-st eet
Lee, T. E., Hattun.garden
Loyed, J., Conduit-stre,t
Lainn and Butler, Prinees-st.
Lyes, Th 0.4., 47, Judd -s t reet
Lane, J., 47, High.strei.st

street

ton-street
Hough and Mills, St. Thomas's.
street

Hernon, J., Sackville street
Hogg, E., St. James's-street
Halton, William, 9, Charles-
street, St. James's-street

!Harris, William, Lamb's Con.
duit-street

Holt, T., Sackville-street

Horton, T., Green.street,Gros.
venor-square
Harwood, 159, Piccadilly
Habel, J. H., Great Pulteney-st.
Howie, J., Harwick-street
Holland, J., Sackville.street
Holloway, Featherstone-build-
ings

Hawes, W., Lambs Conduit.
street
IHaeskeil, C., 121, Pall-inall,
Howell, H., Holoorn.hill

Harrison, R., Middle-row,
Holborn
Hancock, 411, Oxford.street
Howe, T., 32, Berwick-tit., Soho

Inkson and son, 10, Ryder.st.
Jacklin, G., 14, Queen.street,

Cheapside
Jones, J., 6, Regent.street,Pall-

mall

James, R. and G., Great Queen-
street, Lincoln's Inn-fields
Jackson and Son, 5, Cork-st.
Jones, W., 6, Warren street
Jones, E., 157, Strand

(Jordan, 14, Gra cechurch.st,

(Kerr, Jas., Vine-street, Pic.

cadilly
Kestens, 29, Dean.st., Soho
Keene and Son, South Aud.
ley. street
K. eisa, 41, Great Pulteney.st.
Krant zche, Northumberland.

street
Kerry and Forrest, Cork.st.
Knight, F., Great Pulteney-it.

%/TERI' FAST and SAFE TRAVELLING,
V Day and Night, to BIRMINGHAM and LIVER-
POOL, by Four-InsiA Coaches,' which keep good time,
from the SARACEN'S HEAD INN, Skinner-street,
Snow-hill, London.
The following Light Post Coaches, Mails, &c., set out
from the above Inn
Bi itsiiNdifAx TALLY Ho! Fast Day Coach in Eleven
Hours only, every Morning, through Redburn, Markyate-
street, Dunstable, Brickhill, Fenny-Stratford, Stoney-
Stratford, Towcester, Weedon, Daventry, Dunchurch,
Coventry and Stone-Bridge, to the Swan Hotel, High-
street, Birmingham, from whence the only light fast
Coach to Shiffnall, Wellington, Bridgenorth, Shrewsbury,
Oswestry, Nantwich, Tarporley, Bangor, Chester, and
Holyhead direct:
In consequence of the decided preference given to the
Tally Ho Coach, the Proprietors are determined no
expense shall be spared to render it the first con-
' veyance on the Birmingham Road.
BIRMINGII A M ROYAL EXPRESS. —New light fast
Night Coach, and driven through with Two Coachmen
°o'y, sets out every Afternoon, carrying Four Inside only,
passes through Stoney-Stratford, Towcester, Weedon,
Daventry, Southam, Leamington, and Warwick, to the
Swan Hotel and Castle Inn, High-street, Birmingham,
early next Morning.
Biip.merox, Chatham, Rochester, Strood, Gravesend,
Sittingbourne, Rainham, and Ospringe, every Morning.
BA aNSTA rr.E, Southmolton, Crediton, Chulmley; Ti-
.venon, Northlawton, Hatherleigh, Oakhampton, Torring-
ton, Chumleigh, Ilfracomb, and Bideford, new light Fast
Coach, Daily.
Bata lITON Coaches Daily
BATH AND BRISTOL Cheapest Coach, through Read-
ing, Newbury, Hungerford, Marlborough Melksham, and
Devizes, every Afternoon ; arrive at the Greyhound Inn,
Bath, the Talbot Tavern, and Swan, Maryport-street,
and the Bush Tavern, Tower-street, Bristol, early next
Morning.
BOSTON NEW ROYAL PATENT MAIL, to Louth,
through Royston, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Stilton, Peter-
borough, beeping, Spalding, Spilsby, Alford, Horncastle,
and Great Grimsby, Evening at Half-past Seven, Sunday
at a Quarter before Seven.
8.3 A DPOR D AND TROWBRIDGE new light. Four-laside
Night Coach, every Afternoon (except Sundays).
CA MI3RIDGE NEW ROTA I. PATENT MAIL, through
Ware, I3untingford, Buckland, and Royston, Evening at
Half-past Seven, Sunday at a Quarter before Seven.
CARLISLE EXPRESS ill Forty Hours only, to Penrith
and Whitehaven, a new light Four Inside Post Coach,
with a Guard all the way ; passes through _Appleby,
Brough, Bows Bernard Castle, Greta-Bridge, Rich-
mond, Catterick, Borough-bridge, Ferry-bridge, Don-
caster, Newark, Bawtry, Grantham, Greetham, Stamford,
Stilton, Biggleswade, and Baldock. Sets out in the
Morning, arrives at the Black Swan Inn, York, the fol-
lowing Morning to Breakfast, and Carlisle the following
Night, being only One Night on the road from London to
the Bush and Coffee-house Inns, Carlisle; from whence
there are light fast Coaches to Glasgow, Edinburgh, and
all Parts of Scotland.—The only direct Coach to Carlisle
from London.
CHESTE it—Light Coaches to Newport, Whitechurch,
Nantwich, Tarporley, Middlewich, and Northwich, every
Morning and Afternoon.
COVENTRY TALLY HO !—Light fast Day Coach, every
Morning, through Redburn, Dunstable, Stoney-Stratford,
.covvcester, Weedon' Daventry, and Dunchurch.
DUDLEY T.ALLY Ho !—Every Morning and Afternoon.
DOVER aND Pa ais—Safety Coaches every Morning and
Afternoon, through Canterbury and Chatham.
DoitenEsTEn—New light Day and Night Coaches, ii
14 hours only, through Egham, Bagshot, Blackwater,
Basingstoke, Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, Salisbury,
\Voodyats Inn, and Blandford, _Morning and Afternoon.
DA ATMOUTH-Light Coaches Daily, to Newton, Bushel,
Paignton, lirixhain, Kingswear, and Torquay, every
Afternoon.

.ISpringett, Dean-street, Soho
S reek, J., He:irietta.street
Stephens and Son, 23, Bartlett's
Buildings
• Smith, J., Lothbury
Stanford and Co., 29, Lower
- Holborn
Satter ey, T., Weston-street,
• Southwark.
Salsbury, Holborn-hill
S carp, J., Jermyu street
Strachan, E, Long Acre
Simpson, W., 24, Leadenhall-
street
Snell, G., 33, George-street,
Hanover-square
Speyer and Co., Holborn
Sparding, Hummel, and Co.,
35, Conduit-street
Stone and Son, 40, Bishopsgatc.
street

Stewdrt., R., 3, Phil; of-lane
Simpson, E., 6, SweJting's.
alley, Cornhi •
Scho'es, Great Marlborough_
street
!Sadler, G., 55, New Bond-st,
Sands, Little, Argyil.street
Stevens and \Vyer, 34, New-
ington Cauieway •
imith, J., 73, Berwick-stre:.l
;Slaughter, Holborn
Schild and Blackford, Greek-
street

Spencer, R., Vernon-place
iimons, S., 30, Store-street
Smith, It., Woo.lstnek.street
Scaiie, A., and Co., New Bond.

- street
Stafittrd, John, 65, West Smith.
t field
, Stewart, %V. B , Moult-street
I.Sanderson, New Bond-street
!Saxton,
Argyil.street
'Saxton, R., 175, Regent.st.
Sto:;e, Skinner-street
'hoobridge, Che.ipside
Swift, A idgate
Stock, It , 137, Regent-street
Stull z and tkusiey, Clifford-st
Stewart, D., Finch lane
Sewell, Commercial-road •
Scott and Son, Bennett-street

St. James's
Simpson, H., 139, Leadenhall-
street

Taylor and Russell, New Bond,
street
Testar, J., South Audley.st.
l'aite, Ox tit d-street
rriquet, S., Qucen-street,
Golden-square •
l'ailor, Isaac, Pope's Head.
alley
Taylor, G , Regent-st: cet
Taylor, G., Ntw Bond-street
I h An-on and Wnitelaw,
Princes street '
lunar, W., 2, Union-street,
I,orough

'rho nas, F., Vernon-place,
Bloomsbury
Tempany, G. IL, 22, Holies-
street, CavendiNb-sq.
I heaker, J., 19, Oxennon-st.
rhurlow and Son, Titchboine-
street

!Turn: r, U., Old Cavendish-st,
'Tuck, Kenton-street

' ph, Upper Marylebone.st.
Unth<lnk, A., Great Pulteuey.

Vonstein, M., Conduit-streei
,Vindl, G., High HAboa n
Vanheems, W. H.. South -st
Manchester.. Nuare

EDINBURGH E x ritEss—Every Morning, through York,
Newcastle, Atorpeth, Alnwick, Berwick, Durham, Had-
thngton and Anisselburgh, without stopping on tne road,
aim arrives at Edluburgn the second _Morning.
. nGii—New Coach every Afternoon direct, with-
out stopping on the road, and arrives at Edinburgh the
second bventrig (Passengers may stop at 'Newc.istle if they
,hink proper), through .Newark, Duncaster,l(eds, New-
castle-upon- i yne, Melrose, Jedburgh, and by t.. at admired
line of road Abbotsford, Dryburgh Abbey, and Galashiels.
EniNsuiton—Coach through York and Carlisle, every
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Mornings.
ExErEa HERALD—New light Four-Inside Fast Coach.
every Afternoon, through Eghani, Bagshot, Blackwater,
Basings.okc, Sutton, Stockbr.dge, Salisbury, Blandford,
Dorcues,er, Bridport, Charmouth, Axminster, and Ho-
mton.

FALMOUTII—New Coach in 34 Hours only, Morning,
through Salisbury, Exeter, Bodmin, Truro, Penryn, and
arrives at Pearce's Hotel, Falmouth the following Evening,
at eight o'clock. The only direct Coach from Falmocth
to London, and only One Night out.
ULASGOW—LOIigIOWD, Gretna-Green. Annan, Dens-
fries, Brownhill, hornhill, Sanquhar-Kiln, Kilmarnock,
Kingswell, and all Parts of Scotland, a light Four Inside
Post Coach.
•
kIARROWGATE AND RIPON—New light Post Coaches
Afternoon and .Alorning.
HE AT FO 13—Coach through Waltham Cross, Cheshinit,
Hoddesdon, and Ware.
HOLYHEAD—New light fast Day and Night Coaches,
through shitinall, Wellington, Shrewsbury, and Salop,
every Morning and Afternoon.
HULL—New light Post Coaches, through Doncaster,
every morning and Afternoon, to the Cross keys, _Market-
place, Hull.
KENDAL—Light Post Coaches to Lancaster, Preston,
Light Post Coach, in 23 Hours
only,
Ke
viLerrbky:%L,isooinints
St. Neots, Buckden, Stilton, Wandsford, Stam-
ford, Afternoon through Baldock, Biggleswade,
every idona,cgle, andG
itftLnoon.
ford, Greetharn, Grantham, Newark, Tuxford, Markham-
Moor, East-ttetford, Bawtry, Doncaster, and Ferrybridge,
arrives at the Golden Lion Inn, Leeds, early the next
lighta vi IE, Afternoon,Coachmen.
Coaches. Driven through with four
tersin time for the Bradford, Halifax, Skipton,
Ld °aLy Coach,ANp
Morning.STAFFORDSHIRE This Coach
POTTERIES—New
arrivesa
t
in 11 Hours, where Passengers are allowed
Night and proceed the following Morning at
ttrm stopi ngaillialn
7 o'ciock, and arrives in Liverpool early in the Afternoon,
being the only Day Coach from London to Liverpool.
LiVEltrooL TALLY Ho !—Very fast Coach, every
Morning, .11 -J2 Hours only.
Coach or Guard, and driven through with
LIVEAFOOL ROYAL EXPRESS—Quickest Coach, with-
outenonly, through Litchfield, Lawton, itudgely,
iCongleton, Knutsford,Warrington, and
ternoon ; arrives at the Sa. acen's Head
Liverpool, next Afternoon.
N OT ri NG n A m—Light Four-Inside Post
Afternoon.
Coach,ilFSowrneu seiLell°C
LINCOLNata
al
'e: egeci
ggyerAraiNe tDIA:
MANCHESTEK TALLY HO !
Coa.:11, every Morning.

—New Light very Fast Day

NCHE ST E R—TZ Congleton, Newcastle, Walsall,
Wolverhampton, StallOrd, and Knutsford, light Four
Inside Coa,hes, every Morning and Afternoon.
AHA it Leo UGH AND SW I NDON--Four Inside Day
Coach, through Maidenhead, Reading, Newbury, Hunger-
ford, itaiushury, and Albourne. Driven through with
one Coachman only. The nearest Conveyance to Lam-
bourn, Murton, Wotton-Basset and Pewsey.
NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE—LightCoach,everyMorning,
through York.
NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE—New light Coach, every
Afternoon, through Leeds, Heywood, Harrowgate, Knares-
borough, Boroughbridge, Thirske, Northallerton, Dar-
lington and Durham.
NEWCASTLE UNDER LlNE—Coaches every Morning
and Afternoon.
OxFdltn---New light Four-Inside Coaches every Morn-
ing and Afternoon, through Southall, Uxbridge, Beacons-
field and High Wycombe.
PLYMOUTH HERALD—New light Fast Coach, to Truro,
Bocum, Penryn, Ashburton, Totness, and Newton Bushel,
every Morning.
RAMSGATE ROYAL TELEGRAPH—New superior Fast
Safety Coach to Margate, Dover, Deal, Broadstairs, Can-
terbury, Feversham, and Sandwich, every Morning. The
only direct Coach to Ramsgate without changing Coach.
LISIsURY—Light aches, every Morning and
Afternoon.
SiniEwshuity, Wellington, and Shiffnall light coaches,
Morning and Afternoon.
SHEFFIELD Ex vitzss,and also the Rockingham,through
Rotherham,and Afternoon.
new Four-Inside Post Coaches, every Morning
SOUTHAMPTON EcursE—New Four Inside Coach, to
to
LYmingtou, Lyndhurst, and Winchester, every Morning;
the Coach and Horses and Vine Inn, Southampton.
This is a most delightful conveyance to the Isle of Wight,
Jersey, Guernsey, St. Maloes, Havre de Grase, &c.
g.W This Coach performs the journer.complete in Eight
hours only.
STAFFORDSHIRE POTTERIES--A new light very fast
Coach, every Afternoon, to Lanend, Stoke Shelton, Burs-
Tunstall, Lawton, Hanly, and Holmes-Chapel.
Air This is the only Coach directlo the Potteries.
SUNDERLAND, STOCKTON, AND YARM—Light Post
Coach every Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland.
STAMFORD—Light Post Coaches, every Morning and
