rats. Oct. e.

Tn!t ;la report, founded upon priVate Letters
fit:co Lautanne, that the Helvetic Government has
quitted that residence and retired to Geneva.
The aitchess of CUMBERLAND has quitted
Paris, and taken she road to Italy.
VIENNA, S Wt. •Z o Th e .Royal Family are
plunged in the greatest •sorrow, on account of the
tlitexpeded death of the .4ichdutchess MARIA.
LoutsA, Princess of Naples, and Wife of the ci.
tievant GRAND DUKE of TUSCANY. This Prin-
cess died yesterday at six in the evening, in child.
bed. His IMPERIAL MAJESTY came to-day from
Bade'', to console his august Brother, who is deep.
lY ataided at the loss of his Wife. The Body of
the illustrious deceased, will lie in state to.morrow
in the Chapel of the Palace, and will be interred on
the aad in the evening, in the Vault of the Lupe.
rial Family, at the Convent of the Capuchins.
RAT/sBoN, SETT. 25.—The Deputation of the
Empire this day its ninth Sitting. In the
eighth, which took place on the 231, that Assem-
-bly was occupied with the consideration of several
Ree nations, which had been sent, like the prece.
ding. to the Ministers of the Mediating Powers, by
the Imperial Plenipotentiary, who, on his par?,
acceded to all the Resolutions hitherto adopted by
the Deritation on that subjed, and has already com-
municated th-m to those Ministers.
HAGUE, Ssr7. 28.—This day, the Secretary of
State gives a grand dinner to Mr. LISTON, the
British Minister, to which all the Members of the
Diploma-ic Corps are invited. It is expelled that
Mr. L.IsTuN will immediately receive the charade!
of Ambassador.

BERNE, SEPT. Z6.-..The Council of Two Hun.
Bred isitied a Procia nation on the zist, from which
the following is an E4tradt
" We. the Great and Lesser Councils of the City and Re-
public of Berne, (14 these ;,resentsi assure all our faithful
adherent:, of out ,nod nal patriotic intentions towards the
6ame, 41te. At length, after repeated. surrcrinz,s, and four
Tears of disaster :and mist )(tune, OC are all arrived at the ob-
Jed ()lour wisn:s, to wruch our good tor.une, as well as
our duty, invited us some time since. We return to the be.
sorn of our Cornfhoa Mother, the capital City of Berne,
vyhich your courage and fidelity have assisted ua to regain. --
Yce are filled with gratitude and admiration, in contemplai-
aB that sublime and generous devotion with
which you nave
raved stacti Multiplied dangers,..in order to re.establish your
• "14 and your Government.
(he Soitereign Power has resolved to be on terms of
racy with those kivho, during unsettled and turbulent pa-
, have deviated trom the line of their duty —to those it
°Pens the docra of reconciliation. 01 you it o:peels an will.
'loon for all the injuries Boni nave sustained, and that you
'will not sully the glotioas trininpii of your Country by acts
of individual vengeance. It is incuilibent on us to hold with
steady hand the reins of Government, and to punish with
severitytall those who in any manner impair public confi-
deuce, or who attat.k the persons of their neigabours, or in.
jute their characters or properttes."

Our Canton is now under a Provisionary G).
vernment. The m ijority of votes was in the first
instance for the complete reestablishment of the
Antient Regime ; but they were soon convinced of
the necessity of yielding to the spirit of the times.
The provisional Government of Zur;eh have so.
lemnly engaged that that City and Distri& shall be
Tt into the enjoyment of equal rights and liberties.
hose Cities which formerly enjoyed exclusive
rights of Sovereignty, are endeavouring to obtiin
declarations in their favour.

General AU/DE RMAUR returned to this quarter
the day before yesterday from Berthoud, whence he
brought goo Prisoners, part of the Garrison of
ceefte. Yesterday the Deputies fans the Lessee
Cantons arrived : they have since ratified the
Scheme for levying. 10,000 men, as proposed by the
Central Committee at Schwitz. These Troops are
to be commanded by G:neral BACHMAN. They
have also agreed to make a common cause against the
Helvetic Government. The Provisional Diet esta-
blished at Stblvisx is engaged in forming necessary
Litt;llcl immediate reigulattons. Berme and the other
formerly aristocratical, have engaged nor to
lend their aid to form a Constitution which shall
be disagreeable to the Inhabitants: they have aisn
enaged to several Cantons not to intermeddle in
heirlnternal government. M. de MULINEN has
bein dispatched to Parir : we are impatient to learn
the resolution of she French Government. Other
Foreign Powers have been written to, but Mini.
eters have not yet been sent.
• "Several Members of the Senate have not accom-
Panied the Helvetic Government to Lausanne, of
eourse that Body is by no means complete.
t The Secretary of State, KUHN) has resigned.--
'2ll/410, the War Minister, haslollowed the Execu
,".ve Council to Lausanne • ; he is, however, much
(43satisfied,' in consequence of his advice, to defend
.Beette to the last extremity being rejeeted, and his
Own dismission refused. General ANDERMATT,
tth his small force, much weakened by desertion,
and aided only by the Light Corps which had quit.
!:,(1 Berrie and Lucerne, made head against the
cps from Berlie, on the Frontiers of the Canton
61 Fribourg. Nevertheless,. if the pending Negn. '
nations do not prevent farther hostnities, there is
rlO doubt but that ERLACH of RRMNG will be in
Possession of the Pays de Vaud.
At present the greatest disorder prevails inmost
Of the Cantons. Appenzel has made some resistance
against several Cantons who had not supported the
4".andsgemeinden, but re.established their Muni-
cipalities on the tidings that French Troops had
'trrived. These operations were not attended with
bloodshed. A Landsgemeinden has been establish.
rd at Rheilithal ; Gl:4w and Uzwach immediately
followed the example.
_ The Canton of Turgovie still remains quiet, and
attached to the accepted Constitution. Schaf-
;ll4sen has not yet dispatched Deputies to Scheuttz.
b "'"er, the news respelling the want of union
etweerthe'Cities and the Country, is untru- ; at
the same tiine, the proposed levy of 20,000 men
seers with some impediments. The men as well
have Money seem to he scarce. But three Volunteers
come from Appenzel, and circumstances ten_ q necessary to have recourse to the mode of
drawing by lot.
LAU,ANNE, SEPT. .29.—Accounts from Merida,:
'Peak as follows of the Ac'lion which took place
at Fr;o 7 .
011 rg During the night, betwt en the zsth
411,11 26th, the Helvetic Generai in Chief received a
Patch from the Insurgent Commander, acquaint.
irg, him that the suspension of Arms had ceased.-
4U six in
the mornina Fribaure MIS attacked.

, .
! After an hottr's tantiotacje, the Commandant was
sOnnoned to surrender. He answered he could not
treat with those who had manifested their ill faith,
in violating the Capitulation of Peiwei and disarm-
ing the Helvetic Troops.---The cannonade then be-
gan a-new, and continued about an hour, when a
second parlc; took place, but which produced a
kr answer from the besieged. The cannonade then
continued briskly until evening, but without the
desired efFeet. The attack was renewed with iti-
creised vigour, on the urnming of the 27(1), when,
at length, the Commandant was under the necessity
of capitulating.—lmmediately after possessing them_
.elves of Fribourg, the Insurgents proceeded ttb,
ards the Canton de Vaud, t_he only one which re-
mains faithful to the Helvetic Government." The
Confederate Generals have dddressed tne following
Proclamation to the Inhabitants of the Pays de Vaud.

" We understand that the pi-disag Helvetic Government
have adopted the most tyrannical measures, with a view of
raising the whole Pays de Vaud against us. In entering
your Territory we come but to fulfill these engagements
which we have already m:ide, and promise to wage no War
but against that miscalled Government. We come to you
as Friends, and not in the smallest degree to influence your
choice respecting a Constitution, and our intentiou is to re-
tire, as SCXII as, with the Divine permission, we accomplish
the end we have in view.

" Entertain no fears ; be not alarmtd. Public tranquillity,
so far from being interrupted by our presence, will be durably
established by -our success. We have issued the strictest
orders fur the due observance of discipline, and that no indi.
vidual whatever be molested.—Every well founded corn.
plaint made to us shall be redressed.—Such, dear Com-
patriots, are the intentions with which we enter your terri.
tory.— Rdy upon our loyalty and forbearance ; in like man.
ner, we shall depend upon your amicable dispositions, and
above all, trust to Providence for the final triumph of our
just and legitimate cause.

" Dated at Head-quarters at Fribourg, Sept. 27, 1502.,
the Commanders in Chief of the Troops of the Swiss
Cantons.

" D. AUFDERMAUR.
" L.de WA'rrERVILLE."

The National Pterea of the Canton de Paul be-
ing temporarily invested with the powers of the
Minister of the Police, immediately issued the tol,
lowing Prociamati, :
To Arms, Citizensl they promised to T:letrnir our
Troops to arrive at the Feoatiera :.—they have violated their
Oatiis.;--They promised not o attack the Pays de Vaud t
T:i;:y have attacked it will you trmst to their farther
dromiNes f What true Vaudois but feels his heart'swell
witia indignation, and will nut take up: arms in Order to de
his house and ill; tinnily train pili.gr, from robbery,
and troth slavery Let every brave Man come forward, and
we shall avert those accumulated

PFTFItsBURG, SF PT. 9.--PRINCE WILLIAM of
GLoUCbsTER,, %di .se aifibiiity enchants every bo.
(1), is' about to gull us soon, to return to Sweden.
W.. cannot imagine the cause of the marked
cnidnes, tvhich has taken place between this Prioce
and the Gr Duke CoN-TAWTINE. It is sai.l,
r at his linrtiat Highness rreattti the Engii,h
Prince a little c.ivaliM),,, in making Lim wait more
than hail an h..ur after :ppointing a meeting.
Mr. JENNINGs, Secreta' r to the Swedish Em_
basso, ~et off yt%terday in haste for Stockholm.
There are not w‘intiog those who conclude, that
th're is some mitt. Mint Negotiation on the tapis
between the twit Courts.

MUNICH, SEPT. z3.—Our Ekftor has received
from Paris, from ikrfin and Petersburg, the most
positive assurances that he shall be git tranteel in
the possession of his ancient State., and his new
actmaitions.

The Ftarr Cortsvi, has particularly testified
that he is satisfied with the measures taken by our
Minister, the Baron de MONTYCLAS.
It is asserted, that there has been concluded here,
under the mediation of M. de HARDENI3 ERG, on
behalf of the King of PR tv;slA. a Convention be..
tween our Court 'and that of Vienna, relative to
the Cession of the Countries on the bin; but it
appears that the consent of France and Russia is
waited for before the eynvention is made public.
M. tie Ilmtortrarec, immediately after the regu-
lation of the Indemnities, will set on foot here a
Negotiation, having for its object to cede to Pros.
sia a part of the Bishopric of Bamberg, some Dis.
trids of that of Eieb!ftidt, inclosed by Anspach,
and MIN possessions in Westphalia.

13 ARREI7'.r B ALLOO N.

swmistA, OCT. 6. ,-.

MR. BARR ITT, this day (after having disap.
pointed us twice before with his Fire Balloons),
in consequence of adtertisements being circulated in
every part of the Principality, assembled near
twenty thousand persons. The Balloon was to
ascend at a quarter past one o'clock, with Mr.
BARRETT, and Dr. TURTON, of this town. The
day was as fine as could be wished, with a gentle
breeze to the westward. Great preparations were
seemingly making by Mr. BARRITT and assistants ;
the tubes, barrels, iron filings, &c. were on the
ground the preceding night. The fields, the hills,
the houses, the ships in harbour, every place was
crowded with people from the most distant parts of
the ,e,)uncry ; the town never was so hill.

They began to fill the Balloon about eight o'clock;
from Oar to eleven, they got on but very slowly.
At this time a complete stop was put w the pro.
tess, by the want of vitriol. The Chemist, who
had let Mr. BARRETT have six hundred weight,
would not furnish any more without the cash.—
Time was now getting on ; the. Balloon had no ap.,
pearance of any thing being in it ; mess!gcs and
Messengers now passed between Mr. BARREN and
the Chemist till thite o'clock, when the assemb.
!age of persons on the spot (at least 3000) began to
be unruly.

Mr. B.ARR ETT now came forward on the stage
to make an apology, when just as he
dies and
,Gentlemen"—down tell .the stage with
a most tremendous crash, and I\llr,',-BARRETT and
his Balloon with it, with a gre it nuMber of persons.
Many were severely hurt. 0 e buy had his legs
broke; the Balloon was torn in its tall, and Mr.
BARRETT was hurt. lie now attempted to harangue
the populace, laying the blame on the Chemist, and
promising to make another attempt in day or
two ; but the fame he had acquired at Greenwich
had reached this place, and hootings and howlings
were the result. He begged them rwt .to destroy -
the Balloon, which they permitted him at last to
take away. The town is in an uproar : every horse
and post-chaise was engag2d between_ the Bristol
Passage and Milford.—Mr. BARRETT threaten. to
Wing an aCtion aganis; the (inenai.“.

ttik btitc'# k?.41..

VILN&'Ai SErr. 3.

Tr TUrkish Amba§sador here hat icceived
• courier Who iS on his wny ro Pat is, and Ivhd• brings
an of&ml account that the GRAND Sralrolt on the
30th of August, had' appointed Prince Coi4s-rAttz.
TISZ YPSILANTI, Hospodar 'of Wallachia. His
Lieuzenant,NlAuxotemoitro, has already arrived At
Bucharest, and the temporary Hospodar of Walla-
chia will now resume his GovernMent of Moldavia.
We learn from Presbarg, that the States of Hun.
gary have again applied lor the Union of Gallicia
and Dalmatia, with Hungary, and hate sent a par.
ttcular Deputation to His IMPERIAL MAI ESTI', to
rcuuest that' the said Union may take place.
We now know with certainty, that Prince ESTER.
HAZY was not sent to Petersburg, but only to the
FrontLrs of Galliciai to compliment, in the name
of our Court, the Grand Duke CONSTANTINE, W 11.)
is alert reviewing the Russian Troops.
