PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

C. S. Morton and W. H. Cuthbert, bacon curers, Water-
ford—R. H. Minster and E. Carthew, attorneys, Coventry—
T. Metcalfe and W. Lanthois, wadding manufacturers, Beth-
nal-green—E. L. and T. C. Williams, ironmongers' Worces-
ter—W. and R. Wailes, wool merchants, Leeds—B. Williams,
F. Williams, and J. 0. Williams, coal merchants, Reading,
Berkshire—R. Bushby and J. B. Hammond, grocers, Amber-
ley, Sussex—J. and T. Nutter, common brewera, Cambridge
--T. Husband, jun. and J. Rees, brewers, Devonport—J. and
J. Andrew, cotton spinners. Ashton-under-Lyne-7J. Ridley
and W. Wells, ironmongers, Saxmundham—H. Bland and F.
C. Johnson, plumbers, Woolwich—E. Robinson and W.
Brooks, cheese dealers, Keinton Mandeville, Somersetshire—
L. Massey and H. Bentley, wholesale ale brewers, Habergham
Eaves, Lancashire—F. Hurst and J. Sayer, drapers, Chester-
field, Derbyshire—E. and J. Rees, mercers, Stourbridge, Wor-
cestershire—C. Middleton and A. Mancel, agents, Poultry—
J. Lockett and J. Gillson, carriers, Manchester—B. Berrill
and J. O'Hanlon, ship brokers, Liverpool—J. Jones and T.
Davies, straw hat manufacturers, Luton, Bedfordshire—B.
Norris, T. Norris, and A. Bunter, maltsters, Rufford, Lanca-
shire—J. and J. Bright, stone-ware potters, Bristol—W.
Lightbonnd and S. Welch, flour dealers, Liverpool—E. R.
Handcock, C. Leaviss, and J. V. Gooch, manufacturers of
Handcock's patent castors, Birmingham—J. Graham and E.
Dod, drug grinders, Liverpool.
SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
DA ID IRVING, merchant, Annan, Oct. 16 and Nov.
19, at twelve, at the office of J. Brand, writer, Dumfries.

SUlClDE.—Yesterday evening an inquest was
held before Mr. Baker, at the London Hospital, on the
body of EL:ward Abbott, who destroyed himself under the
following truly lamentable circumstances. It appeared by
the evidence, that the deceased, who had a wife and three
children, resided at No. 5, Skinner-street, Bishopagate-
street Without, and in consequence of being without em-
ployment for upwards of two years, was reduced to the
most abject m sery. The deceased being considerably
indebted to his landlord, the latter came up to his room on
the third floor, saying at the same time that he should
either pay or leave the house. The unfortunate man
endeavoured to excuse himself by pleading his extreme
poverty, and the fact of his children not having tasted food
for two days. The landlord was, however, inxorable, and
expressed his determination that he should quit, upon
which the deceased rushed to the window, and throwing up
tha sash precipitated himself into the street. He was
taken up in a state of insensibility and conveyed to the
London Hospital, when death terminated his sufferings in
about an hour. A verdict of " Temporary Insanity" was
returned.
BRITISH INDIA SUGAR COMPANY.---We see
by the London Gazette that thii Company is about apply-
ing to Parliament for an Act of Incorporation, which will
be granted of course. As a means of carrying out the abo-
lition of slavery, this is the beat step yet taken. Sugar
must either be had from the slave states at Brazil, &c., or
at still higher prices from our own West India colonies, or
we must go to beet-root like the French.. No wonder
Extract of a letter from Commodore Napier, of her
that this plan for growing and manufacturing sugar, by 1 m, .
free labour, in the East Indies, has become so popular I
with the trade and the public, as to induce the Directors 1 ajesty's ship Powerful, to Admiral the Hon. Sir
already to give notice for an Act of Parliament,

Px,verful, Ganges, Edinburgh, Revenge► Benbow,
Pique, Gorgon, S. V., Hydra, S. V.
