*um

LOVnON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MARCH 9, 1833.

Last night, the Question of the second reading of
the Irish Distils bances Bill was to have been debated,
but by an oversight, we suppose, Mr. HUME began
the debate upon the question " that the order of the
day be new read," and proposed his amendment
upon it, but it being obvious, as explained by the
SPEAKER, that an order of the cloy could not be
got rid of without being read, Mr. HumE, through
Mr. WARBURTON, afterwards withdrew his amend-
ment, reserving to himself the liberty of again pro-
posing it on the secon,l era lm^ ; the debate on which
(the order of the day havi-g been read) was adjourned
to Monday. The discussion contained few points
of novelty. Mr. HUME, in the course of an able and
elaborate speech, explained at some length his motives
for opposing the Irish Coercive Bill, which, he felt
assured, was pregnant with hazard to both countries.
At a somewhat late hour, it was decided that the
discussion on the second reading should be brought
to a close on Monday. Now that this Bill
is fairly before the public, we hope Ministers
will come to the resolution of passing it with all
reasonable exp dition, which they can only succeed
in doing by modifying its most obnoxious features—
more especially those which regard domici!iaiy
Every utineces-ary delay tends only to keep up agi-
tation in Ireland.

The second repot of the Select Committee, ap.
pointed to examine and classify the petitions in
public matter., and to prepare abstracts of them,
has been published, and pre-ents re.ults which must
convince any ieasonable man ct the advantage which
the public tietive from the adoption of the new
plan. Amy M nib,r or stranver interested in ally
pirticul r question is at once enabled, by 'defence
to the last report of the Petition Committee,
.to
ascertain how many petitions have beenpre-
sewed relating to it, the nualber of siunatnres
o each, the nature of the prayer of each, and which
:f them have been considered to contain such new
matter us rendered them worthy of being printed in
extenso. The pecuniary saving arising from only
printing petitions containing new waiter, is of itself
great, for heretofore it has sometimes happened,
that petitions almost totident verb;t the same, bly
presented from different place., have been ordered to
be pi it ted twelve times over in the course of the
same ecening. The facility, however, with which
information may be obtained of the principal matters
relating to petitions, is the great advantage the public
will derive from the change. Heretofore, masses of
petitions have been presented, and except on some
very extraordinary occasion., and after long intervals
of time, have completely failed of producing any
effect upon the Legislature or the Government. At
present we shall be able frequently to bring before
the eyes of Ministers the condensed sub-tance of the
people's wishes and feelings as expressed in their peti-
tion. The weekly report of the Petition Committee
will, in fact, be a political weather glass, the indi-
cations marked by which no Government can now
be long inattentive to with impunity.
The present Report comes down to the Ist
March. We see from it that there had, up to that
date, been presented, since the sitting of Parlia-
ment, nine petitions fur the Ballot and Triennial
Parliaments, signed by 4,733 persons; the number
of petitions in favour of the better observance of
the Sabbath, has been 94; signatures, 20,389.

It is curious to observe, that the number of Anti-
tithe and of Church Reform petitions has as
yet been very small—probab►y, from the general
confidence felt that petitions are not required. There
has been only one petition for aurch Reform from
England, four from Scotland, and two from
Ireland. The anti-tithe petitions are, from England,
9, having 1,922 signatures; from Ireland, 16, having
7,209 signatures. The anti-slavery petitions amount
to 85, having 25,594 signatures ; those against the
assessed taxes to 11, having 7,023 signatures;
against over-working children in factories, 5, with
2,480 signatures, and those for Corporation Reform,
17, with 12,410 signatures. The petitions against
the Irish Disturbance Bill amount only to 13, with
4,753 signatures ; but we are much mistaken if the
next report does not show a twenty-fold increase
under this head.

The army estimates for the ensuing year present
a decrease of charge, which, although far below
what we hope ere long to see, will not fail to give
satisfaction. The estimates for the effective service
amount to 3,555,418/. Tt ose for the last year were
3,579,3731., being a decrease of only 23,9.55/. ;
but perhaps as much as could be looked for in
the present state of affairs both at home and
abroad, and whilst our colonial system remains un-
.iltered. The decrease arises from small reductions
in almost every item of charge, some of them items
which the Try Ministry for years declared could
not be reduced. Among these is the charge for
the M litary C d'ege, wh.ch, having last year
been reduced to 2,638/., has this year been brought
dawn to nothing, the contribwions of the students,
as is just and proper, defraying the whole expenses
of the establishment. We should add, that the de-
crease in the charge for the effective, allots in part
from their heir% an unappropriated balance sufficient
to meet the expense of the Hibernian School, which
ie 4,578.
The reductions in the noneffective branch are
much larger and of much greater importance
than those in the effective. The estimate, com-
pared with that of last year, is reduced from
2,784 952/. to 2,515,560/. From the reduction of
269,392/., thus exhibited, must, however,be deducted
the sum of 82,057/, transferred to the militia esti-
mates. After making this allowance and that for
the unappropria•ed balance which will meet the
charge of the H bernian School, the total decrease
of the public charge this year appears to be
206,7121. One of the causes of this great
decrease is not, however, to be mach rejoiced at-
Last year 120,000/. was granted for commutation
allowances for pensions, which, although a large im•
mediate expense, was ultimately economical, as
saving the annual pensions. The sum required this
year for this purpose is only 24,515/. The other most
prominent reductions are in the half-pay list and the
charge for retired officers of militia and yeomanry.
No doubt, as we before said, it is gratifying to find
that a reduction has been made in a department
where it was so little to be expected, considering the
course the Government is now taking; but more
must be done, or Ministers will fiud themselves en
any thing but a bed of roses.

Lisbon and German Papers contain no news of
the slightest intt refit or importance.

A deputation of gentlemen connected with the
\Ve•t India Interest had a long interview with
Lord ALTHOIIP, this morning, in Downing-street.
Amongst them were Dr. LUSHINGTON and Mr.
EWART, the Member for Liverpool. The particu-
lars of the interview have not trap Aired.

No despatches have yet been received at the
Portuguese Embassy, of a later date than the Bth of
February. It is expected, however, that official ac-
counts to the 2l•t will be received this evening.
