AN
ueli PusAly 21.opited ° atN
N EG R
rrifollowi?g Elßesolutions were nau
rulllic Meeting held in the Great Room, Exeter. Hall, on Fat DIT, Maya.
The Right Hon, the Lord BROUGHAM, in the Chair.

1. On the motion of Sir GEOROP. STRICKLAND. M.P., seconded by the Rev.

J. H. JOHNSON, Vicar of Tilshead, Wiltshire.

That It is our first duty to acknowledge that Divim Providence
which has prospered the efforts of the friends of the negro race, in
awakening on their tchalf the sympathies of the British nation, and
eassring one branch of the Legislature to resolve that the system of ap.
prentiecship in the Colonies shall entirely and immediately cease and
determine.

2. On the motion of Ilm.sar Hex DLLt, EN , M. P. , seconded by the Rev.

Dr. Nroatsov..

That while the success of the motion of Sir Eardley Wilmot is
highly satisfactory and encouraging, the meeting feels that the subse.
quent declaration of Lord John Russell, in defiance of the resolution of
the Mouse of Commons—the unequivocal and universally expressed
wishes of the people of these realms, loudly call for our renewed and
continue,' exertions on behalf of the apprenticed negroes ; and this
meeting, undismayed by such a declaration of determined hostility on
the part of the Ministers of the Crown, resolves to persevere in Its
obvious course of ditty, and never to desist until the negro population of
the British colonies are released from their bondage and placed by the
British Legislature in the safe and happy conditicn i.f freemen under
the Government, and protection of wise, just, and equal laws.

S. On the motion of DANIEL O'CONNKLL, EN., M.P., seconded by the

Rev. JOHN BURNET.

I That we regard with the deepest regret and indignation the issuing
of an Order in Council, under date of V e I:2th July, 1834, for the in.
troduction of the native inhabitants of the East Indies into British
Guiana as indented labourers, for a period of five years, convinced
that such Older in Council is in effect the revival of a Slave trade, and
the commencement of an odious system of slavery in that colony,
detrimental alike to the interests, the morale, and the happiness of the
enfranchised negroes. by subjecting them to unjust competition to the
spirit of caste, and the influence of idolatry. And we do solemnly and
deliberately deem that the dignity of the Crown, the honour of the
Britisb nation, the interests of humanity, and the claims cf religion,
demand that so flagrantly vicious an order, should be immediately
reversed.

4. On the motion of Wm EwART, Esq., seconded by Joenue
PIIILD, Esq., M.P., _ _

That we view all bounties and protecting duties upon West India
produce not only as a heavy tax upon the peop!e of this country, but also
as a stimulating premium upon coerced and unconpensated labour in the
colonies ; that it is therefore incumbent upon us to use our utmost
effbrts for their abolition ; that this duty has become more urg sit at the
present crisis, in consegnence of the commencement of a new slave
trade from India, and the announcement of vigorous and determined
resistance on the part of some of the West India body (sanctioned and
encouraged by the existing Government) to all efforts for the immediate
termination of the apprenticeship system.

S. On the motion of the Rev. T. M. M4CDONNHLL, of Birmingham.
a:conded by JOHN BROWN, Boroughreevt of MAneheater,

That we present our grateful aeknowlidgements to Sir E. Wil.
mnt, the mover, G. P. Villiers, FAq., the wonder, and to the other
Honourable Members of the House of Commons, who, by their able
advocacy or votes upon the debate of Tuesday, the 112nd indant, have
rendered invaluable service to the eause of negro emancip:ition, and
carried a resolution—" That the apprenticeship system in the Colonies
shall immediately and entirely cease and det, mine."

S and 7. On the motion of the Rev. J. ALMS, iecondect by the Rev. J.
SUERMAN,

That we regard with the highest admiration the general &foxd con-
duct of the apprenticed labourers, under circumstances of the greatest
difficulty, provocation, and injury, and deeply sympathise with them
under their numerous wrongs and sufferings, and that whilst we Nvou'd
encourage them to pursue the same peaceable and orderly course in
future, we wo,ld earnestly caution them against entering into contracts
tor lab•ur with their masters, exe pt with the counsel and advice of
their friends.
.That fully convinced, from long experience and incoatr,vertible
evi,:ence, that the Co'onial Legislatures, as at present constituted, are
not to be entrusted to legislate for freemen, we solemnly deprecate the
trust confided in them, and earnestly hope that the Priri•h Parliament
will fix by wise, just, and equal laws, the future legal position of the
negro population of the Colonies.
R. On the motion of W. T. BLAIR, Esq., of Bath, seconded by G. W.

ALEX•NDBk. Esq.,

That to the Right Hon. Lord Brougham we would present our
warmest thanks for his continued, earnest, and eloquent advocacy tif
this great cause, to which so large a portion of his life has been devoted,
and for his kind and prompt consent to preside, and the valuable aid lie
has rendered on this occasion

WILLIAM MORGAN, lion. See

THE COMMERCIAL GAS-LIGHT and
COKE COMPANY.
To be incorporated by Act of Parliament or Charter.
Capital, 100,000/.
In 20,000 Shares of 51. each. Deposit 11. per share.
Temporary Office of the Company, No. 3, Abohurch-lane, London.
DI IZEQTOI2.3.
Chairman—James Goldie, Esq.
Deputy Chairman—John Lamont, Esq
C. S. Butler, Esq. J. Turner, Esq.
- P. Ernst, Esq. P. Wildbore; Esq.
H. Heathorn, Esq. A. Wilton, Esq.
B. G. Hodges, Esq.
With power to add to their number, not exceeding ten Directors
in all.
The qualification of a Director to be sixty Shares.
COMMITTER.
Chairman—Mr. Bingley, Shoreditch.
Deputy Chairman—Mr. Rogers, Whitechapel.
Mr. Boswood, High-street, S hore- Mr. Goode, Mile-end- road.
ditch. Mr. Morris,iSun Wharf, Rateliti.
Mr. R. R. Craig, Whitechapel. Mr. Pilgrim, New Gravel-lane,
Mr. Drew, Church-street, Shore- Ratcliff.
ditch. Mr. Stannenutt,Brook-st.Ratcliff.
Mr: Dyke, Mile-End. ;Mr. Swat ton, Spitaltlelds- market.
Mr. Eaton, Norton-folgate.
'The qualification of a Member of the Committee to be 20 Shares. '
BANE as-s.
Eastern Branch of the London and Westminster Bank, Ne. 67,
Whitechapel.
The Directors and Committee have secured a pieec of ground in
every respect suited for the erection of the Company's Works, most
eligibly situated for supplying Gas through the whole District, as
well as for landing coals.
Applicatiorkfor Shares to be made to the Directors, at the tern •
porary ,Office, of the Company, No. 3, Alichurch-lane ; to any
Member of the Committee, Or to Mr. James %Vetenhall, Broker to
the Company, and Publisher of the Course of Exchange, No. 13,
Copthall-court, either per:6olly or by letter, post free ; and those
persons who intend being supplied with Gas by the Company, will
note the same in their application, that the preference they are er.-
titled to may be given them.
