COUNCIL Or MINISTRIIs.

" Camp of Sidi Ferruch, June 22.
" Prince,—Since the engagement of the 19th
of June, the enemy only shows scattered detach-
ments'. It appears certain that the greater part of
the Arabs have withdrawn:to a distance—that the
Turks remain enclosed within the walls of Algiers,
and that a great fermentation has arisen among
them. In this state of things, I should not have
hesitated to order the advance, if the horses of the
besieging train and commissariat had been landed.
" The vessels which carry them were to sail on
the 13th from the Bay of Palma. The south-west
winds kept them there till the 18th of June. There
has been almost a constant calm, and they are not
yet in sight. I thought' it better that the town
should not be invested till we were certain that the
works of the siege would not be interrupted from
want of ammunition, and that our subsistence should
be sure for 30 days.
" Notwithstanding the unexpected delay which
I have just mentioned, the conveyance of the be-
sieging train has been begun. It will, perhaps, be
sufficient to land in Sidi-Ferruch the number of guns
and the quantity of ammunition necessary for the
attack of the castle of the Emperor. There is room
to believe that after the capture of that fort, and
even before, the enemy 'taken in the rear would be
forced to abandon the batteries to the east of Al-
giers, and that the rest of the battering train might
be landed not far from that place. The conveyance
of the materiel for the siege would tints be rendered
much more rapid from the place of landing to the
• • .
ramp occupied by the army.
" The troops since the 19th have not changed
their position. Staoneli and Sidi Khalef, the po-
sitions of which are marked on the maps, cannot be
compared to places occupied by Europeans. There
are there no buildings. It is probable that, at-
tracted by the fountains which are found there, and
the good quality of the water, ,the Arabs frequently
pitch their tents there, and that it is on that account
that they have been noticed by travellers and geo-
graphers. We had supposed at first, according to
the assertion of several persons' who had long resided
at Algiers, that it was at Staoneli that we had
forced the enemy's camp ; but the comparison of the
distances, and the sight of some houses which ap-
pear included in the zone of gardens which surround
Algiers, soon gave rise to doubts on this subject.--
Some Arab prisoners were interrogated, and it ap-
pearl certain now that the name of Sidi Khalef is
diet of the ground on which the army conquered,
and which ought to give its name to the action of
the 19th. TIM, the position which is now occupied
by the diiisions of Berthezena and LoVerdO divides
into two equal parts the distance between Sidi Per-
ruch and Algiers.
" In advance of the camp the bushes immediately
disappear; there are (but in small quantities) fig,
mulberry, and olive trees. The land is almost every
where covered with slate trees ; it is uncultivated,
but its natural quality justifies all that ancient his
tory says of its fertility.
" Hardly a league from Sidi Khalef, and towards
Algiers, the country is beautiful and well cultivated :
the army will find there much fruit and vegetables.
" I have received the reports of the Lieutenant..
Generals Berthczene and Loverdo, and of Major-
General Lettitte. The losses sustained on the 19th
were more considerable than 'was supposed ; the
number of killed was 44 in the first division, and 13
in the second ; that of wounded 314 in the first di-
vision, 119 in the second, and 10 in the artillery.—
All the wounds were fiom musketry.
• " From the beginning our batteries silenced
those of the enemy: The mastitis due to the abi.
lity with which General Lattitte directed them, to
the bravery of the eannoncers, and the remarkable
precision of their fire. All the army bears this tes-
timony in their favour."

[Boarmont then proceeds to mention several other
officers who had behaved 'well,)
(Signed as above, Count de Bourmont.)

(From the Mejsager des Chambres of. Saturday.)
" We learn nothing more of the interior of Al-
giers. Protiund mystery envelops all the commu-
nications which the Government have received from
the General-In-Chief on this subject. We hear that
another cetafeffe arrived at three o'clock to-day from
'Foulon, bringing, it is said, news that the army was
baffle the walls of Algiers, and the reports of the
different actions that took place since the 10th of
June, as well as the names of the individuals who
distinguished themselves.- It is added, that the cele-
brated painter 'who follows the army took a sketch
of the field of battle during the action.
." The details have been circulated this afternoon
of the report of M. de 13ourmont, which is dated on
the' 22d, and which arrived this morning by ata-
felle. It will be published to-morrow in the Mani,
tear. This bulletin floes not contain any new facts,
or any events of considerable importance, but it com-
municates very circumstantial.deteils of the state of
our troops, of the condition of the country, and of
the various chances' which continue to favour our
operations. The health of the soldiers is excellent.
Water, pro Visions, and vegetables are abundant.
The zeal of each individual concurs with general
unanimity to promote the success of the enterprise
and the troops live in perfect harmony, and ac.
zealously in concert in all the rencontres with the
enemy. • One curious peculiarity of this war is, that
the artillery perform the service at the advanced
posts. From 150 to 200 men, detached from the
companies of artillery, and engaged in firing Jong
muskets, after a new model, to protect the infantry,
by keeping the Arabs in check, had, during the first
days, been enabled by meant of their Albanian guns,
to fire beyond the reach of ordinary muskets.
" The transports which 'carried - the materiel of
,he battering artillery, and of the engineers, the
cavalry, oxen, tents, and en immense quantity of
articles necessary fur the army, were, as is already
known, left in the rear, the flotilla with the troops
on' board having seized with rapidity a favourable
moment for debarking at Sidl.Ferruch the 30,000
,ttfantry and the field artillery. The delay of these
tramperts kept the army inuctive at the point of de-
harkation. These transports, however, have now
arrived, and every effort is directed to the one object
--the attack on Algiers. Their arrival has enabled
fresh provisions to be distributeddo the troops, who
were up to that time subsisting on salt provisions
It is hoped that after the investment of Algiers, and
the cutting off of all communication between that
' place and the country, that a considerable cumber
of; the Arab tribe's will make their peace separately
with the French army, and will corns to sell their
provisions.

" It will become necessary to trace a roitte
from Sidi Perruch to Staoneli for the transport of
the heavy artillery, consisting of 82 pieces, one
`half of which will, in the first into:ince, be taken
'before Algiers. From Staotieli to the Fort of the
Emperor, the route is an ancient limas road, pas-
sable to a great part of its extent, and which only
needs to be enlarged or repaired in a few places.
Fortified posts will be established on the route at
inch short distances from each other, as to preclude
the necessity of escorts : for,this purpose a number
`of wooden houses, already Constructed, have been
landed from the transports.
TOME CIIICA, JUNE 19.—. At four o'clock in
the morribig . the army, or rather the crowd • of
Africans,attacked us with vigour. I think they were
in number
,about 40,000 men, under the orders of ,
Ibrahim Aga, son-in-law of the Dey. The Bo*
Constantino,
.omi, and Titterie, were waited
with lain). After an action of seven hours, which
may be called the battle of Staoneg, we carried all
the frontiers of the enemy, their artillery, 400 tents,
three of which, that belonged to the three com-
manders, were remarkably splendid. One hundred

c rniels, and all their prov'sion4, were
The only charge that can be brow
army is, that it displayed too much
our artillery, it is always in advanc
men, to which may be ascribed th:
artillerymen wounded. Altogether
have been about 500 killed and iv
officers are wounded more or lens cc
dangerously. General Bourmont
the army to-day with as much co,
He was always in the midst of the fi
ries, visiting, on his return, the wo
nistering to their wants.
" This gre it success is but the p
which we may expect to obtain duris
SIDI-FERRUCH, JUNE 21.—Y
at Paris the details of the action on'
in which full 40,000 Turks and Ara
and the great camp of Staoneli taker
This day, which was well conduct
both for the General and the soldie
exhibited the utmost ardour. no
taken in the camps of the Turks a
tents of the chiefs exhibited a d
peculiar to them, and which may
oriental. We are daily expecting
fetid will be landed, in order th
proach Algiers, from which we are
leagues. The manner in which th,
commenced gives us reason to exp
terminate about the end of July."

" Three despatches have been
Admiral Duperre; but as the first
exclusively confined to more amp,
facts given in former despatches, W
the third before our readers in full.
despatch, dated Jane 23, the foil
tract:—

" The division of Rear-Admira,
concert with the blockading ?quadri
of Algiers, forms, at several leagues
a line of cruisers, which protects
prevents them going too near the co
their arrival. This day the sick ar
the number of 358 men, were sent 0;
to the hospital at Mahon. None of
were from the fleet, though the sl
heavy duties to perform in landing
the army."
" The second despatch, also da'
June, is merely a recapitulation,
Oculars, of the occurrences from the
fleet sailed from the Bay of Palms ti
the disembarkation was effected, ai
officers and men who eminently disti
selves upon that occasion. The I
list Messrs. Sion, captain of the
Thetis frigate, and Francois l3ru'
the Surveilhnte, who first jumped
hoisted the King's flag on the fort
Rear-Admiral Rosamel, second in
villier, Baron Hu *on, Captain Li
Massien, Rear Admiral Mallet, N
Admiral Duperre's Flag Captain; I*l
Sub Aid-majors Roy and Fontboi
Leurarie' First Adjutant to Captain I
tenants' ll'Alleblanche, Henry, um
the Midshipman Be Sereey.'
JULY
105 f. 20e. 16e..be. 105 f. 105 f. se, 105 f.
Four per Cents., 991. 10e. ; Three per.
79f. 79f. 10e. 791. 781. 95e. ; Banl
1,860 f.; Naples' Stock, 871. 40e. 251
87f. se. ; Rents d'Espagne, 14; Roy,
85 95i 961 Spanish Rentes Perpetuell,
Haytian Loan, 4701. 4801.--Exchangemonth, 251. 45c. ;
three months, 25f. 0
aesslique.

Mr. HonNE mid Mr. Joii
have been appointed respect:vely Attorn(
General to the QUIZN.
It is said that, if Sir 'EDWARD
were to start for Weittninster, be er"11
over the course. The present itepreseW
are plea.ant "sinecures," would, no date
an " untoward event."--;Morning Pape.
ELECTION or - 4t
Common Hall was held for the purpose of etitg*,
new Sheriffs, Mr. Miasitsr.t. and Mr. PoLal4". 01#
r
Loan Mama went in state to the Guildhall,; 101
the Sheriffs who are on the ere:of retiring. D's
the Aldermen were in attendance on the 000°'
Town-Clerk came forward, and stated tln
had fallen .upon, the two above-named poi
M. returned thanks. He said he should be.fni
party, and hit fellow-citisene should have
complain of him, on the score of hospitslii
applause 'followed the last word of the sent
PoLaxn returned thanks. The Hall then'sd

A. knavish hoax had the effect 1:11
the funds yesterday a trifle. It was stet
written by somebody at the west end cf the 0
hotly in the city, that the Dake of Witt.uno•
slain by him Ltorom in a duel. The tir'
who aro at present anonymous, should be'
We should suspect the person who received tt
quite as great an offender as the • pens"
however, Ins Grace was seen on his way to
Lords after the report had subsided, apparent
lormant writes, " with as little intention of
!neurally or politically, as any of King Wei
subjeeta." We should not have .mentioned
here, had it not been with a view to add, h'
non to the public, that one bony generally
taste for such explsits, and is followed by othi
my Paper.

A general Court-martial, Lieuten,
Routes of the Royal Artillery, Presiden
Gibraltar on Thursday, the 3d June last,
Buns, of the 91,th Regiment, w'
thelollowing charge, via.—That he, the
Burrs, did, on the 31st of May, 1830, uI
indiennisly 'hoot a musket, loaded with hi,
eele.int James MlCotenchh, of the 49th Reg
intent to murder him, while in the execution
which ball tore the coat sleeve of the said co,
Jame M'Conmetz. The Court, after a 1111
ration, found the prisioner guilty, and adjudi
" "hot to death," at It!eh a time and place
lency the Lieutenant-Governor might appoin,
fence was carried into execulon at Windmill,
morning of the 9th of Julie, at six o'clock.
norer spoke fron, the moment he arrived on
until the termination of hie religious duty
Audibly aepirated " Amen." lie Ws4 placed
••iile of the square, kneeling behind hie coffin,
the 9WI Regiment. The Provost Marshal basin% A
while
.Itandkprehief over his eyes, immediately 11,n
rand signal, anti the execution party fired. He fell'
hough, only six yards distant from the muzzle* of
muskets, the shot did not instantly deprive
lle ,truggled frightfully, and shrieked out,
God !" whereupon . two of the party, who had''
a.."''r,
their fire, Advanced clime to him, and dischargoirieta
jtents of their pieces into his bead and hody,.Whic"
mesa his existence.
,A must unioundea and infamous report havo
0 Coroner his
raeit,Atei:::ntsseahliyast a
shy .hI man had been flogged toile° 1)
a jury, and gave sT;testorl deai-iutNintet"Yrwtni'heutinilliet,"l";s4,l:l:,
4aturday,bod
being entered upon Captain IVII"Als1
ser
ar
•ires.eil the jury, and stilted, that in a Vile 60
the• inquiry,
I,•cting hie character, be claimed, in justice to
.5 well is for his own satisfaction, thewnloicslit ist"rickt
mite investigation. fie desired them to "amine" P°ol
officers alone, but the seamen, every man of caminioir
;t1 in readiness to obey their call. After a full Woo*
tion of all the circumstances, the Jury returned the 4,10"
ing verdict, the terms of which, instead of csating_,,
ormith on that excellent officer, Certain MilloAt'he de
flea the lamest credit on his humanity:—" That 4010r1
4...neesedidingArto. Wthexat ertnicizso,townstrh,t
olnbbtlolaorfdJtuhneelf
JP;;',10,101"04,
iirtinkennees, quitting his quarters without 1e0e,101.704,
Mg arms with the in to murder his Quart' hi, lord,
liy receiving 48 lashes with a cat-o'-nine tail. on tog be
hick, in consequence of which punishment,
cosi;
'whit of body, a'eertain inflammatory disease, e:1lk
_,bich
polls, attacked the said .Wrwast WaLcit, 01 inite:
linguirdird six flay, and then died; and that the pun'toi, ti'
lion neither impreperly nor negligentl inieter,lo,oo4.
linn3fiely and carefulli as the nature of thefts
r;!..st sr,4!
irould'admit of; and the Julius are of opinietrew
praise is due to Captain ISIINgAyr for the es
takd'n Fa,
him. previously to and during the infliction of Pe_dopted
and particultily for the humane peciution • it
•im to prevent any consequences ultimately J"'
the party punished."

... . .
it:, were likewise lakes
be brought against aig = 3
much ardour. As fal , 1
advance with the riilt• 1)
ibed that tt e had 0 ~. ~'.
together, our loss nuy ,': h
I and wounded. Mot 1! )
r lets severely, but rof I i;
irmont has condnelee i.
inch coolness as spitit. I
of the fire of the hatch,,
the wounded, and s•il.' Di
.
1
r.
t the prelude to thaw ...... I)
tin during this campaip ''
i?,
21.—You roust kalic tr;
Lion on the 19th instor,;. '
Ind Arabs were brawl,. ~ .
4 l!
eli taken by our vOl4
conducted, i 3 glorivo A
le soldiers, -all of wilco X
r. Much property lio
Lurks and Arabs. 'llt
ted a degree of 10011.
11 may almost be oiled ,1
xpecting that our to•
Uder that we mil lip' ._".
we are distant but PO
rhich the campaign to
i
expect that
r
to Vti
rely. Ir "1,
t been received fori 1,31;
he first two are 510 t , i.:
ire ample details tip ot. la,
ches, we shell only
in full. From the fipt !; . .
the' following is on or t-A
„
-Admiral Roma, "%
.riliv
• 1
squadron off the po ~,,f
1 leagues from the cooli 4 -
protects' the transpeih,?)
it the coast, and WO .A
sick and wounded, 0 .•4;
e sent oil in four sloopo",,
done of these, bowel!, :•.1
h the, sailors have vcrlll in
landing the materiel lit 1
• c c
elf 44
I
also dated the 231 - ,-,; . as
ation, with fuller prtl'l',; ,
iom the time went
ia
Palma to the day wile' • ar
!eted, and a list of 10 111 6
trly. distinguished Or 'ti 3
The followinir 'So 4 :i
' f 0 *
nof the maintop 0 .4, to
;is Brunon, n seauvoil p E,
jumped .on shore, t'''' • `7'
le fort of Torre Ch'o' Lt t„
comp in command; C'.i. ;
itain Lemoine, Corlo''';*, t''
allot, M. du Villartl,44 (1,
aain; Major Borer.
Fontborme, Lientesot :,4, Ig
3uptain Massieu ;L' .ye
nry and Penaud; tn fi
$ ff. 1 St
rout B.—Five per COlgt" *!:, in
ie..105f. 1050.10 e. laP; : c
{tree per. Cents., 791: bc; s: '
e. ; Bank Shares, 1,06!; 1)(
I,oe. 25e. SOO, 25e. 131" '
4; Royal Spanish lAl' ', 01
erpetuelle, 741 FP Iti; 4. iII
..xebange on London, °: ,
is, 25f. 20e......C0urrA° : tr
.........,!f!..,
• JOHN Writ.i,tagS
y Attorney and solicitor - IL
13
WARD CORRINOT,Yi ,
, be would prahal'tY
E:o Yt
tepresentatives, w 1! ' r.
, no doubt, look
heocr
k en O
my Paper. I . ,
relY,FB.—Yesterd4 L
..riume of ileci‘fiug lig'
est. The , at

tat the n"'''m` r,
otlemen,
Itlareall
tie
.0, to
e norea {Loci
telity.--( M(,
ntenee.)--:
adjourned.
of lottettb;
led in I;
town, to
Abe
0 itOY
Mo scram
Ode"' fr
the leir I°4
ate
who ,
3 the, ling4.o.
atly• Ae
f dying' 'i,11,11
'tt,tiAnts
led .the
by will' e
f tit
r awake 't
;hers. °
0,14
whenwi
wile sti f
Bahl bpd
UnlaWloll/
1# 01
talk 6g Off)
itpenw itg,
,n Of . hls ;$Ol
CO)011.40,10,
IliatUre v
aged him!
Lt
hit v-
ee fir
Bt. 'II"' it,
1.11111. ()(1,
The Pfl,ope toif
m the Fr''
ayr
ties, 0'
the "I
og
d front'
I t.....•;fit 1-r"

(Ai et 1141 itt
11‘-/ 4t.4** ' :fit TV74°

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, JULY 6, 1830.

The Quarter's Revenue for the Quarter end-
ing the sth of July, will be found in another
column. It exhibits a decrease of 176,3241.,
as compared with the corresponding Quarter of
last year. The whole decrease in the Quarter
amounts to 491,9201., and the increase is
315,605/. In the Excise alone the decrease is
357,653/, a melancholy proof of the con-
tinued poverty of the working classes. In
Stamps the deficiency is 18,9344, another
proof, if any were wanting, of the impoli-
tic and oppressive manner in which that duty
defeats the purpose for which it is im-
posed. It is at present excessive, and
yet it is proposed to make it still more
so I We have not space left for com-
ments upon this subject at present, but we trust
Government will sec the necessity of better ap-
portioning particular taxes to the condition
of the people—and they will find their reward
i►► an increasing revenue and an improving
trade.

We understand that the Countess of CAWDOR
has not accepted die situation of Lady of the
Bedchamber, as we mentioned in The Sun of
.yesterday, but that the DoWager Lady ILCttEs•
TER is appointed.

The lion. R. DuNDAs, youngest Hon of
Lord MELVILLE, succeeds the lion. H. LEGGE
at the Navy
,Board.

We have received Paris Papers of Sunday by
express, from which we have only room to mako
the following cxtract. Ten thousand men were
(nt the point of setting sail from Toulon to join
the army in Africa.

The Gazette de France contains the fol..

lowing :

TELEGRAPIIIC DESPATCH.
BIDI•TZRRUCH, JUNZ 28.
" TIM ADMIRAL DUMAN TO HIS RICILLINCY THE

MINISTICIL or MARINE•

" The advanced posts of the army are engaged with the
enemy, who has fortified hie positions before the castle of
the Emperor, the attack of which will be made shortly.
" The following order of the day was made yesterday.

" 'MAD-QUARTERS, JUNE

" The troops of the army of the expedition, on the
14th and 19th instant, fully answered the expecta-
tion. of the King, and have already avenged the
insult offered to the French flag. The Turkish soldiers
imagined that it was as easy to conquer as to insult us.
A complete defeat has undeceived them, and henceforth
we shall have to contend with them shut up within the
walls. of Algiers. Already many of the Arabs have re-
turned to thiir houses, from which terror alone bad
forced them. They will shortly return to sell their cattle
and their sheep, and abundance will shortly 'reign
throughout our camp. The Commander-in-Chief reminds
the army that they are to be received with friendship,
and that every contract made with them should be con-
scientiously fulfilled. Every branch of the army has ri-
valled the other in devotedness to the cause. Ibe medical
department, by the skill of its arrangements and the care
bestowed upon the wounded, is entitled to every praise.
The 4.ommander-in-Cbiel will report to the King the ser-
vices rendered by all, and will solicit the &vow of hi.
Majesty fur such ae hays proved themselves most worthy.
Every time the army became engaged the fire from the.
King's ship* sustained our manauvres, and powerfully con-
tributed to the thecae Ne' have obtained.

Extract of a letter from Torre Chios:.—" The camp at
Staondi, when captured by our troops, was covered with
the spoils of the enemy. The French solfiers have found
almost every useful article, and some of them are now
sleeping on fine Turkey carpets: The wardrobe of the
Age fell into the hands of a party of light infantry,
who have sold their rich prises to the followers of
the army. For ,soma days past our camp has as-
sumed quite an African aspect. The Arab. often come
to see us as friends. One of them comes every
morning to see his son, who is wounded, in tome hospital.
Ile returns, currying with him Proclamations in the Ara-
Man language. Every morning a number of these Pro.
4:limitations are placed on the top of pikes, and the Be-
douins come and take them. The camels taken from
the enemy are already usefully employed in the
camp. The heat has not been above twenty-five
degrees. The sea breezes are very refreshing, even
in the middle of the day. The mornings and even-
ings are delightful, but the nights are cold, and often
damp. The Dey must, by this time, be acquainted with
the defeat his army has sustained. The Aga will pay for
the defeat with his head. Daring the battle of the 15th
An old French Officer, who had been 17 years in slavery,
having advanced with • ►party of Arabs, rushed from their
line into that of the French, exclaiming ' Do not fire
eitpn me, 1 am a felloweountryman;' and was fortunate
enough to escape the firs of our troops as well as of the
Arabs."
Th

le following are extraetafrOm German Papers
received this day

BANKS oK THZ DANI/Itt, BIGINNING or
• the peace of Europe depended on the punctual execution of
the Treaty of Adrianople, we are inclined, by the last au-
thentic accounts from set via, to think that it is in clanger
‘,l being diaterhe,d, notwithstanding the hopes excited by
the details of the Servian National Assembly, and the
'Treaty
pa-
rific accounts fromPetersburgh and Constantinople.
the
fourth article of the separate Convention annexed to the'Treaty of Adrianople, it is ',stipulated that as soon as the
!est 100,000 ducats of the indemnity to Russian subjects
halt be paid, as soon as Art. 0 of the principal Treaty re-
pecting Servia shall be completely executed, Ghiurgevo
•

evacuated and delivered to the Russian tmops, then, and
within one month after the exchange of the ratifications,
the Russian army shall evacuate Adrianople, Kirk
Kneen, Lisle-Burgas, Media, Iniada, and other towns,
which shall be immediately delivered up to the authori-
ties appointed by the Porte.
The Russians have placed in the Turks a degree of con-
fidence, which is stens!, but unmerited by them, for the
payment of the 100,000 ducat*, and the giving up Ghiur-
gem, as well as the publication of the hatti-sheriff, re-
specting Servia, they were satisfied, and, without waiting
for the complete execution of Art. 6, evacuated Adrianople
and the other places.
This confidence in the Porte has been awarded in the
true Turkish manner. As long as the Russians were at
Adrianople the Turks would easily have promised to add
not six but twelve districts to Servia; but as soon as
Adrianople was evacuated they did not hesitate to refuse
the incorporation of the six districts, and even to delay,
on vain pretexts, the appointment of a Commissioner to
determine the frontier line. It was not till after present-
ing a second very peremptory note, in the beginning of
January, that Count Orloff was able to impress the Otto-
man Ministers with a sense of this duty, and induce them
to send a Commissioner to Servia. His arrival there
seems, however, to have given mise to fresh difficulties.
To judge by facts, it seems that the instructions given
him by the Reis Effendi must be contrary to the treaty;
for since his arrival not only has the emigration of the
Turks ceased, but those who had already sold their pro-
perty and emigrated are returning to the Servian for-
tresses. The Turks in Servia who, before the Commis-
sioners came, had all prepared to emigrate according to
the Sultan's commands, are said to be now preparing to
defend themselves, and resolve not to yield except to farce.
On the other side, the Bosniaks opposed the persons who
were sent at the end of February by the Commissioners
and the Pasha of Belgrade, in concert with Prince
Milosh, to survey the districts in question. These persons
were arrested at Zwernick by the Pacha of Belgrade, and
the Turkish Commissioners sent them back on condition
that they should not return. The Berme!' Chiefs, it
seems, have resolved to keep possession of the Servian
districts which they have usurped, threatening to shoot
the filet person that shall come to determine the boundary.
On the return of the officers, Tartars were sent by the
Pacha of Belgrade, the Commissioners, and Prince Milosh
to Constantinople. The latter is indignant that the Matti
Sheriff is not ohcyed, end especially because the Christians
in these districts are cruelly treated and plundered by time
Turks. From all these circumstances it may be feared
that serious troubles will ensue in these provinces, and it
is not easy to see how Russia will act.

ANCONA, JuNr report was spread here yester-
day that the Nate of Egypt had given orders for all his
troops to march against Tripoli, and resolved to support
the French expedition. Nobody, however, was able to
give any particulars. The exchange of couriers between
England and the lonian Islands is very frequent : it is pro-
bably on account of the affairs of Greece,
VIENNA, JUNE U.—The Crown Prince is indisposed,
end keeps his room.
Count Itayneval, the French Ambassador, arrived from
Strasburg, where new. had been received by telegraph of
the landing of the French expedition. The Funds have
risen in consequence.

The Diet of. Hungary meets on tin Hth of September.
JUNE 26.-51etalliques 100+; Four per Centa. 96 ;
Bank Shares, 1,347.

The state of Ireland, by all accounts, is
again most alarming. Not a few of the principal
provinces arc overrun with thousands of the
starving peasantry ; desperate—and as has been
shown in our late statements of the disturbances
at Limerick—but too ripe for every species of
mischief. Public subscriptions, our informant adds,
arc raising in every quarter, but such is the ur-
gency, such the universality of the distress, that
little beyond a mere superficial temporary relief
can be expected from such imperfect means of
assistance. We hope that this may in some de-
gree tend to check the mischievous and but too
prevalent system of absenteeism, by proving to
the wealthier class of absentees that nothing but
a residence, if not permanent, at least protracted,
can possibly restore Ireland to tranquillity.

A Cabinet Council was held at the Foreign
Office this day at three o'clock. The Cabinet
was attended by all the Ministers.

A King's Messenger arrived at the Foreign
Office late last night with despatches for Lord
ABERDEEN from Sir It. GORDON, our Am-
bassador at Constantinople, and Lord CO LEY
at Vienna.
