CITY, THURSDAY EVENING.

litis now well ascertained that the Captain of the Turkish
Banditti, Chourschid 'Paths, has received a signal defeat from
the Greeks'in the neighbourhood of Tricala, and that Napoli di
Romania has also been stormed:by the Christians. In the extre-
.mity of Grecian affairs, when that most interesting people have
-been abandoned by every Christian power in Europe, when the
whole strength Of the Holy Alliance, supported by'the Ministers
of his Britannic Majesty,'has been exerted, to crush their rising
liberties, after every bodily :torture and mental indignity have
been offered to the prtigeny of the great civilisers of mankind;
the mind of every true born Englishman exults in the chance of
a successful issue to their labours . To conquer the assassin of Ali 1
Paella must be of the highest importance to the cause of
Grecian freedom, and should they take a great revenge for the'
wrongs which their native soil has suffered from their vindie«
tive and savage oppressors, let the British nation for a mo-
ment pause before they pass judgment—let them reflect on the
fate of the chief inhabitants of Scio and of the Morea bar-
barously murdered, and some of them impaled alive—let
them reflect on‘the cruel situation of young and highly cul-
tivated females torn from their husbands, and their fatherS,
to fall the victims of Turkish sensuality ; let them reflect on
white slavery, and all its concomitant miseries, and the only
conclusion which can be drawn is, that revenge of such great
injuries must become the highest virtue. If any Englishman
supposes thatmany of the Greeks are at present unenlightenett,'
he has only to recal to his memory the causes which 'pro-
'duced this change. .The Greeks were • once ,virtuous, the pa-
trons of literature and of the arts and the masters of the
world. So long as they preserved their liberties, their great-
ness continued to bless their inhabitants,; but so soon as they
permitted Philip of. Macedon to make inroads on their freedom,
and Alexander to complete its destruction by his mad mili-
tary career, they fell from their high estate, and their often re-
peated attempts to regain their former eminence have as yet
been unavailing. The fate of illustrious Greece should read a
great moral lesson to England, for her happiness and greatness
are lost for ever from the, hour in which she permits any Holy
Alliance to interfere with her opinions and public conduct.
No nation can be great without the enjoyment of religious and
civil liberty, and to part with the freedom of the people is a sure
presage of decay.
At the Stock. Exchange. some purchases were made this day,
in the account for the end of August next, by the party which
usually. speculates on an advance in prices, at 81g, which
is the same price as was quoted yesterday. In Consols for
the July account, very little business has been done. They
opened. at Bib sellers, and continued without any variation,
until nearly_ the close of the day, when they found some buyers
at that quotation. Money is expected. to be plentiftil in the
beginning of the week, but this does not produce any material
effect, . as the great proportion of the Dividends is generally
consumed in.necessary family expences, and, not reinvested in
the Funds.

In Foreign Stocks there is a small improvement. The large
interest paid is an inducement to invest capital in them. The
French.Rentes are quoted at 91. 75. and Prussian Bonds at 87.
Columbian Sixes are 83. and the Scrip 83:3 I. Spanish Stock is
dearer. The Old Bonds. are 6.4 and the new A.—
Danish Fives are .85, and the Neapolitan 70g. Russian Me-
tallic Fives are 78, and Mr. Rothschild's new Russian Loan is
exceedingly dull at 83. The Chili Loan is rather dearer; it
began this morning at 79A g and closed at 80.
The legitimate trade of ttie Empire continues extremely dull,
and there is no department of it in the city of London which is
not suffering a loss of capital. The holders of foreign wheat en-
treat that the Earl Grey will press on the:House of Lords the
propriety of introducing a clause into the Corn Bill; by which
a merchant may be enabled to convert his property into flour.
Without such .a clause, the Corn Bill can neither do good nor
evil, for, in its present shape, it can never come into ,
ac-
tion. To facilitate the means which. the bonded' Wheat'
now in England can be best and. soonest sent out of the
country, must be of vast importance to the Agricultritist,
supposing that, an advance in prices is. for his interest.—
So long as such a quantity hangs, over the British market,
even a .practical failure in the crop could not produce any
improvement in its price. To permit it to be ground, can-
not injure-the landed interest, but on the contrary will be
of advantage to it, and will .probably save the property
of the British Importer from perishing. Had Lord Grey
brought forward his motion on the General State of the Erripire
at the time which he once fixed for it, though the reception of
that motion by their Lordships would only have had one re-
sult, still much light might have been thrown on this most Mir
portant subject amongst the people, and a far different Corn
Bill might now have been before their Lordships.
Only one French Mail arrived this morning from the Conti-
nent, and no political news have been received by it,,either from
Turkey or Odessa.—(Morning Chronicle.)
