THE NEW FRENCH CABINET.

SPIRIT OF THE FRENCH JOURNALS OF
SATURDAY.
The Debuts, in alluding to the difficulties of the new
Cabinet, says it is fully sensible of them, but resolved
upon facing them with energy. It says—
" Society has been deeply disturbed ; all its ideas, all
its habits, have been violated at seeing the laws brought
into discredit by those who had sworn to maintain them,
and appearing, as it were, to implore permission for their
existence from faction. Society has created a Govern-
ment for its defence, and if it does not defend it, it
cannot defend itself. If the danger be still great, we
may hope at least that the force of the Government
may be employed against it. The remedy is not to be
feared more than the disease. There may be attacks,
perhaps, but there will be no resistance—a resistance
sincerely persuaded of its right against faction. Th's
ought to give confidence to the Constitutional party.
It is organised—it has power—everything depends upon
its will. Notwithstanding all the danger abroad and at
home, we have great hopes of safety. There arc
without the precincts of the Ministerial party,men of con-
siderable influence in the Constitutional party who will
support the Ministry, and assist in the salvation of the
country. At the head of these is M. Mole. No person
is better qualified than be is to strengthen and aid the
Ministry, and he will do so ; to his name we may add
those of M. de Montalivet, M. de Salvandy, M. de
Latnartine, and M. Dupin."
" The composition of the new Cabinet," says the
Conslitutionnel, "is not of a nature to secure for it that
Parliamentary force which it does not find in its origin.
We do not speak of persons, but of the opinions which
it represents. The Ministry, it is true, has the merit
of being homogeneous ; but what is the political creed
upon which it is founded ? Is it one which has pro-
gressively gained ground in the country ? On the con-
' trary, has it not been thrice vanquished in the Cham-
ber, and seen its force decline in two dissolutions? Arc
not the pretensions of the present Government founded
upon its defeats, and is it not opposed to the sense of
the country ?"

Tee Presse says that an important embassy was of-
fered to M. de Lamartine, durinc, the recent Ministerial
negotiations, but that he declinedb it.

The Univers havinc, expressed its opinion that a war
between France and the Allied Powers, and especially
against England, would be " a war of Catholicism
against heresy, and a crusade as holy as those of the
twelfth and thirteenth centuries," the Count de Mont-
alcmbert, one of the main supporters of that journal,
and who has been recently travelling in the East, writes
to this paper to declare that he cannot subscribe to
such an opinion. The Noble Peer alleges the tolerant
conduct of England towards the Catholics, both at
home and in the Colonies, the large sums expended by
the nation for the abolition of slavery, and the great
proportion which Catholics bear to Protestants in the
total population of the British dominions, as proofs. that
the opinion of the Univers is totally unfounded. The
Count de Montalembcrt takes the trouble of contra-
dicting a report circulated by the Univers, but which
could not have originated with any but a very, crazed
i.nagivacr.mi-thcati •Is. Enerriah oifinorw now on service in
Syria and the Levant were anxious to make the war an
occasion to spread a sort of Protestant propagandism ;
an intention, he observes, as far from the minds as a
Catholic propagandism is from those of French officers
or French diplomatists.
" It is confidently stated," says the German Courier,
" that the conferences on the Eastern question are
about to be resumed at London. Baron Bulow, it is
said, carries with him from Berlin very pacific instruc-
tions. Baron von Arnim is the bearer to King Louis
Philippe of a letter of congratulation on his Majesty's
recent escape. We understand that satisfactory intelli-
gence has been received from the East, and from the
Courts interested in the Eastern question. Reports of
war are daily diminishing."
A letter from Frankfort, in the Presse, says—

" The conspiracy already noticed is much more
serious than was at first believed. It is fully confirmed
that the ramifications extend very widely. Within the
last three days only, no fewer than forty-eight persons
have been arrested here. Among them arc eight Prus-
sians, who came to act as leaders. We are assured
that at Haoau, Mentz, and Cologne, the Magistrates,
having received timely information, have discovered and
seized documents connected with the plot at Frankfort,
and laid bands on the principal associates. It appears
that the first intimations of the conspiracy came to
Frankfort from Paris, in consequence of some papers
found at the lodgings of Darmes, and which made
known the names of the principal conspirators. The in-
tended mission of M. de Humboldt, which has been
countermanded, appears to be in some way connected
with the discoveries which have been made."
