PARLIAMENTARY PAPER.

WATCH CASES.
An Account of the Number of Gold and Silver Watch
Cases annually stamped at Goldsmiths' Hall, London,
from the Year 1814 to the Year 1829, both inclusive.

COLD I BILNER I GOLD BILVER
CASES. CASES. CASES. CASES.
--- ---
Years. Number. Number. Years. Number. Number.
1814 9,316 89,184 1822 8,447 47,246
1815 8,363 81,150 1823 8,807 46,362
1816 7,178 60,898 1821 9,851 54,075
1817 9,638 52,149 1825 11,846 68,00
18111 12,212 78,663 1826 7,074 57,465
1819 10,102 59,154 1827 8,798 54,805
1820 8,627 53,430 1828 9,853 59,161
1821 8,068 51,818 1829 9,136 66,991

JOHN
Goldsmiths' Hall, May 17, 1830.

LANE, Clerk.

The division on Friday night on Mr. MoNcies
amendment to the Beer Bill was wrong in all the Parlia-
mentary reports. It should stand thus :--Ayes, 142--
Noes, 180. nijo.ity 88.

't

FINE ARTS.

ILLUSTRATIONS OF POPULAR WORKS. PART
LONDON, 1830.

These illustrations are from the pencil of that
eminent artist and incomparable caricaturist, George
Cruikshank. They are six in number, and are se-
lected from many of our most popular novels, par-
ticularly those of Goldsmith and Smollett. In point
of humour they are equal to Mr. Cruikshank's most
successful efforts, and have been evidently elabo-
rated with much care.

LITERATURE.

EDINBURGH REVIEW. No. pr. EDINBURGH, 18.50

rhe present number is in all respects an able one,
and does credit to the tact, diligence, and general
acquirements of the Editor. The first article-" On
the Breaking of the Enemy's Line," refers to the

celebrated manoeuvre of breaking the enemy's line
at sea, which was first put deliberately into practice
in Lord Rodney's action, in 1782. The question
which the Reviewer discusses is, who first sug-
gested that manoeuvre, Lord Rodney, Sir Charles
Douglas, or Mr. Clerk of Eldin. After an
intelligent and acute examination of the arguments
pro and con, the Reviewer comes to the conclusion,
that Mr. Clerk was the first person who ori-
ginally Started the idea, and that it was acted
on afterwards by the two great naval commanders
above mentioned. " Scottish Covenanters" is an irs-
tcresting article, on a subject which Sir Walter
Scott' has rendered generally popular. Much his-
torical research is evident throughout. " Public
Schools ofEnglanet" is a temperate enquiry into the
merits of the Eton principles of education. The author
asserts that it is full of defects, and inveighs, in
energetic terms, against the manifestly injudicious
system of fagging; a system which is a relic—by
no means a creditable one—of the olden times, and
happily adapted to break the spirit, and crush the
generous feelings, of nine boys out of ten. The re-
viewer's opinions on this subject are worth extract-
ing :

" The right of fagging depends upon the place in the
school ; 111 boys in the sixth and fifth forms have the
power of ordering—all below the latter form are bound
to obey. At Midstunreer, 1829, there were 293 of the
former, and 319 of the latter. It should, however, be
observed, that although the right of fagging depends
upon rack in the school, the power is derived from supe-
rior streagth, the sanction or means of compulsion being
only vidence. Hence there are many upper boys who,
being mak, are unable to make much use of their right;
and mat), lower boys who, being strong, are enabled to
avoid psrt of the hard,hips of their obligation. In gene-
ral, however, the masters, in order to preserve their mo-
nopoly, and to prevent any of the privileged from appear-
ing mein in the eyes of the unprivileged class, contrive to
apporfon the strong to the strong, and the weak to the
weak, so that as little of the available services as possible
may be wasted. The duties of the lower boys cannot be
defined, as th it masters arc restrained by nothing but
their own forbearance and sense of honour, and the neces-
sity o' allowing theirfaps to prepare their lesson and ap-
pear in school. Generally, however, it may be stated,
that they perform most menial offices, except cleaning
shoes. cooking, and waiting at dinner. They brush
clothes, prepare breakfast anal tea, fetch and carry, stop
balls at cricket, go on messages, and, in short, perform
the innumerable services which boys, armed with all the
wantonness of irresponsible power, can imagine or desire.
If, it these functions, any delay takes place, or any mis-
take is committed, the unhappy boy is liable to be beaten,
at tle will of his master, by his master, and at the moment
of passion, either with the fists, or any other instrument.
We only wish that these inflictions never proceeded from
wanton cruelty—from that extraordinary pleasure of inflict-
ing physical pain, which seems to reign in the breasts of many
boys and children. It is, perhaps, difficult to determine
how much influence this unhappy system may have upon
the character of young men. Whether tyranny or slavery
is the more pernicious:to the mind, is indifferent, when, in
most cases, both these sources of vice have operated on
the same individual. A boy begins as a slave, and ends
as a despot. Corrupting at once and corrupted, the little
tyrant riots in the exercise of boundless and unaccountAle
power ; and while be looks hack on his former servitude,
is resolved that the sufferings which he inflicts shall nut be
less than those which he endured; a change which, set-
ting apart all motives of revenge, would seem to be the
diminution of a lawhil prerogative, and the abasement of
his own order. In this manner, some of the worst pas-
sions of the human breast are fostered and encouraged ;
while the objects of this tyranny are at least deprived of
their amusements and freedom—are driven to accomplish
by deceit what should be done of right, and if weakly
and tender, are broken in spirit, and bent to the ground
by this relentless and imperious domination."
" Recent History of Astronomical Science in
England," as its title imports, displays knowledge
on a subject, however important, of somewhat limit-
ed interest to the generality of readers. " Mr.
Godwin" is an impartial, and being so, a commen-
datory notice of this great author's works of fiction,
more especially of his last tale of Cloudesley. A
fair meed of justice is awarded to his never-to-
be forgotten " Caleb Williams," a tale wherein
passion speaks out in a voice of thunder.
" Mr. Montgomery, and the Modern Practice
of Puffing," is a most stinging and sarcastic attack
on the " Omnipresence of the Deity" and the
" Satan" of this gentleman. There is considerable
justice in the Reviewer's observations on Mr. Mont-
gomery, though we think they are pushed a little
too far. There are some pretty descriptions (which
we quoted at the time) of sunset and sunrise in
" Satan," and these the Reviewer, in justice so
their author, should have extracted. We are happy
to find that the critic has announced his intention
of attacking every book that may henceforth be un-
duly puffed into notice. He evidently has great power
and strength of-mind, and will handle the scalping
knife effectually. " Finance, the Budget," is a
first-rate article, excellent in principle, sound in
argument, and nervous in style. The writer recom-
mends a reduction of ditties in general, on the plea
that the Revenue will benefit thereby, not less than
the community. We recommend this Reviewer's
arguments to the particular attention of our readers.

LIBRARY OF ENTERTAINING KNOWLEDGE.
VOL. VI. PART I. LONDON, 1830.
The portion now before us of this agreeable mis-
cellany is entitled " Insect Transformations," ar►d
teems with curious lied instructive particulars re-
specting some of the most striking phenomena of
the animated universe. The reader who peruses it
with the attention that its merits deserve, will find
in every page fresh cause to wonder at and admire
the power of that Providence, the very meanest of
whose created beings is a marvel to the wisest on
earth, and a master-piece of design and intelligence.

.NTHODUCTION TO THE STUDY OF THL

CLASSICS.—Lonnox, 1830.
Mr. 11. N. Coleridge has done himself infinite
credit by this little volume, which displays striking
proofs of judgment, learning, and good taste. It is
designed for the use of young persons at school and
college, though, in truth, it may be used with ad-
vantage by persons of all ages. The present vo-
lume (which is only the first of a series intended to
be put forth from time to time) is confined to an

inquiry concerning the poems and talents of Homer,
whose peculiarities are thus ably canvassed :--
" In parting with Homer, I cannot forbear once more
and for the last time earnestly advising such of my readers,
as are really desirous of acquiring a pure and healthful
taste and -.a clear and vigorous at) le, to study the Homeric
poems with care and perseverance. It is too generally the
case that the Iliad and the,Odysseyarom the comparative

_\

„
. •
111111
facility of their construction, are chisgeci as schoolbooks
only ; but in truth they are fit to be the studies of every
age and of all men. If there be such a thing as a royal
road to a jest and manly feeling of what is great and
animated in poetry, it is to be found in a knowledge of
Homer. To be Homeric, is to be natural, lively, rapid,
energetic, harmonious ; the ancient critics used the epithet
as a collective term to express these qualities, however
exhibited. They calh-d Sophocles, Homeric—Pindar,
Homeric—Sappho, Homeric ; because all three have that
clearness, picturesqueness and force which the Iliad and
the Odyssey contain in p.rfection. Homer always tocerris
to write in good spirits, and he rarely fails to put his
readers in good spirits also. To do this is a prerogative
of genius in all times ; but it is especially so of the genius
of primitive or heroic poetry. In Homer, head and heart
speak and are spoken together. Morbid peculiarities of
thought or temper have no place in him. Ile is as wide
and general as the air we breathe and t! e earth upon
which we tread, and his vivacious spirit animates, like a
Proteus, a thousand different forms of intellectual pro-
duction—the life-preserving principle in them all. He is
as the mighty strength of his own deep-flowing ocean.”

OFFICIAL KALENDAR FOR 1830.-LONDON.

We have been favoured with an early copy of
this work, which will not be published till Monday.
A more comprehensive, and at the same time, a
more useful practical book we have never met with.
It forms a most valuable code of reference for every
gentleman and man of business, no matter to which
class of the community he may belong. There are,
firstly, copious and authentic lists of all the offices
and officers of State in the British Empire, the
Colonies included; secondly, the Members of both
Houses of Parliament, with their residences, and the
names of the places represented by those of the
Commons; thirdly, Public Institutions of all kinds,
political, judicial, ecclesiastical, charitable, literary,
scientific, &c., with the names of the individuals
officially attached to them ; fourthly, the general
materiel of the whole navy and army, specifying
regiments and ships, commanding officers, &c., with
the rates of pay and pension ; fifthly, a minute cata-
logue of public persons abroad, with their respective
functions ; and lastly, a personal index, where've the
knowledge that the enquirer needs will at once be
found arranged under its proper head. It is evident
from this brief analysis of its contents, that the Ka-
lendar is a work of infinite research, and not less
ability. We leave it therefore to rest on its own
merits, which, we feel convinced, will procure it a
prompt and extensive circulation.

AWFUL DEATH BY LIGHTNING.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)

Yesterday evening, about half-past five o'clock,
during the awful thunder-storm which raged over
the metropolis, a fine young woman, named Eliza-
beth Tyre, those age did not exceed twenty, in all
the flow of health and spirits, was snuck by the
electric fluid in the house of Mr. Wilmot, dealer in
snuff, coffee, &c. No. 38, Church-street, Mile-End
New Town, and unfortunately killed instantaneously.
The following are the particulars :—" It appears
that the unfortunate deceased, who was the daugh-
ter of a poor widow, was standing with a few
others in Church-street, at the door of an acquaint-
ance named Shearman, a shoemaker, and in high
exhilaration of spirits was enjoying herself with
them. At thistime a silk-weaver named Lockwood,
who lodges in the first floor front room of Mr. Wil-
mot's house, asked her to go in " and keep his old
woman company." Unfortunately she consented,
and in less than ten minutess after she was
a corpse. Mrs. Lockwood is not in a state to
give the particulars of this catastrophe; but
it is supposed that while sitting together
near the window, the lightning entered through the
chimney, and caused her immediate death. It must
have also escaped through the same aperture, as the
window, which was closed, was not broken, and no-
thing else in the room was touched by it but the
unfortunate deceased, whose cap; hair, and eye-
lashes, were much burnt. Her skin was quite dis-
coloured, and one of her shoes was rent by the
electric fluid into pieces from her foot, which,
strange to say, did not itself exhibit the least lacera-
tion. The lightning in its exit turned its fury on
the rear of Mr. Lakemait's house, bed and window
cornice maker, next door, and having struck the
roof, descended downwards, tearing a channel
through the brick-work, and rending the sash-
frames from their sockets, the lead from which ran
down the walls in a liquid stream. The unfortu-
nate deceased was found hanging in a doubled-over
position across the porry (a nil) of the loom.
tier remains were put into a shell, and conveyed
to Mile-end New-town workhouse, to await the
Coroner's Inquest.
Henry Mathews, a hair-dresser, who was stand-
ing at }lib own door, No. 46, at the awful moment,
together with Mr. Emmet, a butcher, No. 43, Dan.
Mendoza (son of the celebrated pugilist), one of
the new police named Clarke (letter H division,) and
Mr. Latchford, of Whitechapel-road, describe that
the fluid rolled in a glowing and rapid manner along
the centre of the street, for a distance of about
thirty yards, when it checked its speed oppositE! Mr.
Wilmot's house, and shot in a tr,,in of fire perpen-
dicularly upwards, and, as if by a powerful force of
attraction, shot its quivering light high—and, as it
were, for an instant fixed—in the air, and darted
directly downwards again with a tremendous burst
of thunder on its wings, entering the house of Mr.
Wilmot, as above mentioned.

MISS SMITHSON.—Our opinion of this
young lady has always been a favourable one. As Aliss
SMiTnsoN, without a protector, and without being a

protectress, and standing upon her talents alone, has not
been so successful here as she ought to have been—but we
are glad to find that among our more lively neighbours,
who deserve a much better character for morality than
they possess, virtuous talent is appreciated and rewarded.
Miss SMITHSON made, as we announced last week, her
debut on the French stage at the Opera Comique. A
friend who was present tells us that it was a splendid
triumph. The piece was a drama in one act, entitled
L'Auberge d'Auruy, in which Miss SMITHSON plays
the part of the English wife of an emigrant French Noble-
man, who is condemned to death by the Republicans on
the evidence of a spy, and whose life she saves by her
exertions. She has little to say in the piece in French,
but she is made to jabber English to the soldiery ; and
from all that we can learn, the whole affair, as far as the
piece was concerned, was a very poor one, and well cal-
culated to bring ridicule even upon the actress. Her act-
ing, however, was so good, that she drew tears from the
audience, and at the close of the piece the applause was
enthusiastic. Elle a fait fureur, as a Frenchman would
say, and she has two good years of success before her.
Let her stay in France. Why should she return here ?
Genius is of no particular country, but of all ; and where
it is most esteemed, there it should thrive. The day
may come, when, Coriolanus-like, she may be invited
and flattered by those who now affect to treat her lightly.
—lntelligence.

STATE OF TRADE.—.We have nothing new
to report in reference to our own market on Saturday,
which was much the same as the week before. We have
great satisfaction, however, in observing, that at Brad-
ford, on .Thursday, the advance to which we alluded last
week, was fully confirmed on some description of goods,
with every prospect of its becoming general. T►tis, it
ought to be remarked, may in a great measure be attri-
buted to the firmness of the manufacturers in refusing to
sell at the old prices, the increased cost of the raw mate-
rial having urged upon them the justice, not to say nt ces-
sity, of a corresponding advance in the price of finished
goods.—As to the workmen, there is little actual want of
employ, but he has to suffer grievous privations from the
lowness of wages, and we do hope we shall speedily have
the pleasure of recording such an improvement in trade,
as will enable the masters to ameliorate the condition of
the patient and industrious workman. It is "a consum-
mation devoutly to be wished."—Our Huddersfield cor-
respondent writes us that, on Tuesday, a good deal of
business was done, but " want of price" formed a sub-
ject of almost universal complaint with the small manu-
facturers in the Hall.—. Halifax Chronicle.
