TIIE GREEKS.

(From the Brussels and Dracit Papers to the Pith inst.)
The Austrian Observer, having mentioned the
intrigue of the Deputies of the several Philhel.
lenic Societies, which have ended in the applica-
tion to England, gives a detail of the proceedings
of the English squadron, the substance of which
is, that the squadron, consisting of three frigates,
a corvette and a brig, assembled on the 12th
July in the roads of Patras, a frigate and a brig
sailed to Nlissolonghi, and the remainder with
Commodore Hamilton to the Archipelago ; that
the latter, on the 19th, were before Napoli,
where he found another frigate, a corvette, and a
brig, and also the London Packet Merchantman,
with a new remittance of 50,0001. sterling, from
London.

Commodore Hamilton himself arrived at Na-
poli on the 20th, having been on the 19th at
Spezzia, and on the same day the Greek Govern-
ment had an extraordinary meeting, in which
Maurocordato, who had lately arrived from
Hydra, is said to have presented a Report, in
which he painted the desperate situation of
Greece, the fruitlessness of resistancf., the disso-
lution of all discipline, the want of money, and
the necessity of submitting to some European
Power as the only means of safety left, recom-
mending,, it is added, England, as the most power-
ful at sea and the most opulent.
On the 21st Maurocordato, Trikupi Coletti,
and Spiliotaki went on board the Cambrian, to
lay before Commodore 'hulliton the desire of
the Greek nation. What reply the Commodore
made we cannot state with certainty on a mere
report. After their return tl►e Deputies, atte►►d-
ed by a great crowd, repaired to the hail of the
Government, and opened a register,in which those
who declared for England should inscribe their
names. The same had been done on the 20th
at Spezzia.

On the 23d July Buduri brought the news to
Hydra, Conduriottio assembled the people in the
great Convent, and informed them of the real
state of affairs in the Peloponnesus. lie declared
all the reports hitherto spread of victories stated
to have been gained to be pure fictions to deceive
the people ; that Colocotroni's force was dis-
persed ; that the Alainotes were inactive ; that
Ibrahim, from his position at Tripolizza, could
make excursions at pleasure ; and that the best

they could do was to -follow the example of Napoli
and Spezzia. This proposal caused considerable
agitation, and several persons said—" It was well
known that it had long since been intended to
sell them to England."

The lljdra Gazeile, up to the Ist of Augus
N.S.), says not a word of all these transactions

WEST INDIES.

We have received Jamaica Papers to the 30th
of August. They are chiefly filled with extracts
from the English Journals, or discussions on the
proceedings of Parliament and the speeches of
the Anti-slavery Members respecting colonial
affairs. The following are extracts :

" KrzicsToN, Auo. 27.—We understand that instructions
have been forwarded from home to the Admiral, not to permit
the vassels of war to bring specie from Columbia to this island,
oti,.'-V t Bri,;„ - -
not confined to that state alone, but to all the new belligerent
states of South America. Of course the order does not apply
to money belonging to British subjects, but to that of fo-
reigners. The order likewise directs that men of war shall
not bring any specie here whatever from any of the colonies un-
der the dominion of Spain, but to carry it direct to Great Bri-
tain. These restrictions will prove a most serious impediment
to the commerce of this island.

" A smart shock of an earthquake was felt at Falmouth,
about one o'clock on Monday afternoon. We have been fa-
voured with the following extract of a letter, from a lady re-
siding in the interior of the parish, written on the evening of
that day :

"We have had to-day (Monday) two of the most severe
shocks of an earthquake that ever I felt. The children all
looked at me with astonishment, not knowing what to think.
It seemed as if every thing in the house was coming down. I
have scarcely yet recovered from the alarm I felt at the time.'

" We learn from an advertisment in the Cornwall Courier,
that a meeting is to be held on Monday next, at the Court-
house, Falmouth, to take into consideration the propriety of
raising a fund for the erection of a suitable place cf worship,
and the support of a minister, of the Presbyterian church.'

" By the following Proclamation our readers will observe
that British silver and copper money is to be issued in this
island as pay to the troops, and that it is made a legal tender
at the rate of 4s. 4d. to the Spanish dollar, or 13s. to our pound.
It is likewise provided that the Commissariat Department shall
grant bills on the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea-
sury, at the rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred
and three pounds of the money, for sums not less than one hun-
dred pounds. We fear this will vary the value of the coin ac-
cording to the current rate of exchange, which must prove very
awkward and troublesome in a circulating medium, though
the lowness of premium will no doubt contribute greatly to re-
tain it in the island.
