WHAT IS_ TO BE FRANC 2

` 08;
"• There is one mischievous error, which r° de,
TALLEVRANP, and King Louts, are -e
sirous of continuing amdng us---that the liaPPol
ness 6‘f FranCa must be our primary 01)./ect
not the security tf Europe. that
The motive of this deliision is, eviden....:bich
Frabce may recover her. Empire of opinion'
``hick
paved the • way for our past calamities,
faith
opened tivers of blood, and covered aatidni
Motirning. • tsate
It is a..ri 7error, tvUich het purest rigY3sl):os•
as likely to. promote. as her fiercest Pico of
These regard ihe King, because be, is 3 ,c.,
00.
France disdain him, because -
count France trvei` the Kinc 7French vanOrbr iot
"ef
the extremes together meet at the ee
t°
separation ; and the only difference be rei
lioCitiloN- and a BUONA'ARTE is, that the °°
rre4
fers himself to" It 'ranee, •‘i hile the other
Ire
France to himself—with either, France r°s

ed of power, is equally dangerOu.
In this comparison, we take not jot. °-ci
ace
the individual character. Louts has nt't 5 'oet
ed to the vices of NAPoLEort ; but France se,
.adopted .the virtue& Loths. And even
v
though nationaliry and 'patriotiStn'tire
in the abstract, they are not exactly wilBtljt

should-encouragt! in a King of France., ' 1 psi.'
The 'question is—whether, while Fr3vce's 'id
mitten to retain any external influence, 're c3illvilb
(lotym they . Sword an d
,pvittl.ocaarncsger,:.:lcitifiliie)
ittl.:ll‘el.l,leal
egiseiiiriiliEeetterlia;(:,ll‘le--...ll:lo:lssl:t:hvietseitirci
her internal happiness we bait nO.e°llcerili.-;4
was not
11:larcet(11 r, $ 7
that object bjheacptpsivneesls-raiven thilt:ea tr tie: .
1,,,
it is not f‘t that Object. we make Fe'''ice:ltiol
gSlhoeryh)ashelrogstlolrteyr7pBO shall .„ .divii„
spit:_iodielid: that also nitluesrt be taken froth be.:po.c(field
Labikileit —oLD:MiTik's
ability is not brought tite
ibiL
survived her ability :—let tiS boWe' ..
some are back by her aP
None are weak enough to believe Fran
Vagabond, her alVe hti
gielviickheetrl epnrionticgiphietos
opr7itieenril;itr.
4ps",
ttlhieeyse-iadli.ed
not
tt
beenetnere).F:praartircie:ettiltl:TiNt Af:::1,3°'1'11:
sgiewailietyc,made her insolent •; ativers'iltlYlll):.f cglille:
viudictivsen:b
jttliegia'etaitonsatiltonnueltcteasn
ptlrieevedieistire ° OS'
its E4C°
li:Jiinent. - ift
144 .e
And. do we calculate our fotore tr°ll,---P,i';<l
any measure s.bort of her
stibingati°".e."s,9llll''or
Gbb:by half a dozen white cockades alit'`es siv'or
YylLalrooti(isuin'be:aso,n,On's:l4rilrtantil)g.t)::.ttnhic°:;lol;:is:Tirriliiieti,ererit:riesrerioigt‘afie°lldivrt:inel::):;ll7:l:ei°:;'tll7s,:co:sl;:ti6;eiltson,;s34;
grace,
and the Regicide': into power :f $),
ranee i°
NeverthelesS, 'the external tiririt I'7 I'ooo 13.10 g
Unchangeable, however her interotr' ~,coly! 0
n " 1151
alter.' We have seen the s'anie Inc" ',,i 11,0)1 .0%
Royalists, Republicans, imperialigts, '''' sive4rtio,
again, with most convenient pliahilillto;Arovr,jog
I.llegiance td-day, and renouncing it o.otcs"cm•
yet all with a persevering consisterl4' If fro° ...
.. .Ile °Of
°t agatitscdisniemberment for the ," „jo 0 , the
and against '' re=action," for the P-.ity.• oi.cier,
selves ; aitd Wrapping Up. the ii i"tegi,,, rionf A
country in the. integrity of their. ° ;Ident .-, to
Shall we attribute all this to the Olocidel
single revolution, dr 'consifler it aS the 0111
• ters - -1
"the innate character ? , , ~,'Afinls :0 il"
Ili,,bile France possesSeS•tfeSiVoln. vort tgi,.4
rapacious Soldiers, it is of siVrall 1,17:;) the' flit"
whether her allegiance be made orbibioet,.ala
MACDoNA cn'tn the Field, will
or to the Lilly. Fouent in the. .tbat ficie
tell Eistr
reitet,
to
is their t:bj,:ct ; _ and that neither tiochrereoce
co
tion of NAPOLEON, nor .their 3 „er ;ricer of
Louts, have obliged them to forego ",_er 0,5
Republic, Empire, 'Kin gliout---stile her
may—in their nostrils— 011 a Ire' -
-L-----4" that which tee •.0.,
All
tthYi
sanyilvotitilfie.ie•
rileallinceewtiott stniiieeni.oasi
is:: .111.03101,0titio3!0„..111;
may he Yolcsrtifiableio..
ment to the substance,
in a Frenchman, and perhaps very .1:01„st be., of
I?tit for the sane especial reason, 1v..5.0,,iciai1445,
credulous. of his fOrmal loyalty, _and.. 1 lois
,1:00
.his snbstantial treachery. ../0 preel7itoblel
co,
chief, the pride of France must be
tiy, effe
•ttei
—not hainhleil—LeXtingttishect, proffill , ,ri, be;lc
I
dratairilCeetstilhn‘elarillhilai.td cr:liefut'e:;(l):lee bi:tesei,l;'l:%b? itie:tint crliii"see.rd°3l:ll;ll:l•Tioielicrilteijfiorjliticlt‘t.' i
again itfion our capitais, that its eIA
.. of
altered ! , veva-
Yet why do we, c.alculAtc on toe,,s,tiipptiti.tbc
of our:-50eitel..00?
s
liiin:?"7Billtt.°9lleirocatttleitt'til:ittelsvisi'ste:coarirriont'it(ilitlgiec:liial(lr'llins,c capabilities
TPi (1)s 0.-,,f.si
t'ali
creolirate,sistchoLlns 64.
,it crollY,,,'
seeacip:ltehtillciet isesso,
iencjytttil;ilot:lesrtoßeevoorloti;,?;',ol):°,7
co,._
oc,
The question has bccome---toot is, to 1 e,.i..
but of Policy. Our first busilless,_aii lotve•ar.
Prance: when that is effected, we,oseinetion, ctit
dant leisure to apportion the 1,.;_1e, cold :__!,,
rangements among fricnas cll,ll
~,,'.,e,i,' the erletl,,,,e
we must lose no time in.settling7.otiu'lios oof
"tic,
.it is not: the pr.,inciple of, I
: I,c- ~titicife),icel‘r
have to drero in •_,:rance, oat toe i effec,lool
on 4, ,
gr'esion. "its may be carr.el(
any, of ne-b. v /tr.
under her ancient DynastY, ' 3 jotigatea ~:,,,ibe
Governments. France wa6 noto .
ivi.wsi,,,
epos
solution, wilco at Gn nt.tuu,
~1. severie„to
FoUcHE aild TALLEyNT, of
.L."; or iN.,.
1 lier of Aloc • , ,
Century—possesse:

1

0

I

-T- - "-',lts
Quatbreettie .I%lAtEoi.t ..
over„,. ~, . of tl,at age—=
'a,
18" vlandets, had Hoiland, 7and vraz,coip
ioul Westplialbi, and the I'alatittate i 'nozii• when
the - • •
saw,: legitimite Sovereign made •Tr •
.
Tkit different
eaties; and" brOli,- theM every ciiie,,: :nor when
tor • • -
!'4l"e was acquired by Lows Quinze,
whose
ineddlings with the affairs of Europe were peal:,
.
Nisi), incessani,
find shall we no*
Inter-
Cot . persuade ohrsefvei; that.
revolution has i•Ocited up the evil *.hiCh
Itevolution did not plant i
this
,
tiotentt uS not lay to our souls nattring 'lnc-
Thert Revolution was but a secondary cause
.. t"e last twentpfive years' calamity : the ag,-
tl!ssive epirit'of France., that inborn love of do-
tilinati
ltren,°,lll which has grown with her growth and
%hat g'enell With her strength, was their origin;,t
Dotyll,l Plthig disease,'ivhose pestilent maturity muiS
subdue either France Or Europe. In t e
.6feitv of Westphalia .we read the primary cause
tra, )"Se ApollatiollB, WiliCh 'cost us so much to
' 'nil so much more to recover. •
ititirfeillese did not occasion the llevolution, 01
Ilev:l,lts vigour, and they enlarged its sphere.
t)t it'4"ffin is in France no bloodless business ;
tlf pw'ild not be so agreeable to the piquancy
ut tench taste. lVe have, however, little dread,.
it,
tits example among ourselves, and still .less of
il,llnia'Ple in Prance.: our only fear is its exter-
keigress• It may again overturn the Thrope.,
AvilisaXhin d« It
the People—as doubtlessi
has
take:viten the return of the Allied 'Troops. la
t(1 II Ulf eh” prohibition—but it is'our business
Pale w' i•
it,...,_ within tacit proper
rt4sacres
,111,1,...,,. ..
~ •• )
. I,re
ewilat is that proper whit .
t'llruicit armorkeep armies eternally ad tn9t..l°N,_%.7e.
r4ksin ailitain an inactive vigilance, mom e.vd-
-4t tivegt'_ Ilft(!r.,e expensive, and more ruinous, than
c''' its 1 ichtibty ; without its chance of. conquest
'inlet luP.' of glory. It is not Peace—it is not. tile ~,)-7 is not even Neutrality :—it is "7' ,in
ttio of !s ,shaPe: withholding from us at once the.
1,,,
ti uour and tile refreshment of rest.
~.
44;112 ~le "me of God, let us put an end to I b s
~IleetVi - injurious anomaly ! Let us decide at
itt q,1,41"/ is to be Hance, and leave the res•due to
IA evlutiot, with,itt •carin. whether it be
tQv.. , ,
ltit ,1 ii!l bY roocßE orbv BLACAs I But let us
•'et'll"-I'''-'t ()F2 "eunhig French Fortresses
.:—let
:ttils':i..,-4'e to be French, and become Austrian,
Z44,ttr d...) Prussian Belgian-- no matter which.
,li.:tice6f_ the lien contetc•is them, from bulwarks
aka' olg lust Europe, into bulwarks t
INI ost Fr ,
1 J z.....i _v aice. llie opportunity is now
It the i .‘ e omit it, the fault will be upon us,
IV, "Jury will be noon oar, children.
ti•leir foilluttiistt !race the aggressions of France up to
irl.Nies, ain Ild'ad• Silt!, Who has violated all
lies, test
e,anunt 'insist on the (,bservance of any,.
taestpktiP4lCe her ,C/5 she stOcid BEFORE the Treaty
.of
11,-4:e and cx.:.ll..li‘e,t) disabled front internal rests-
„l. sw„rti . ual. spoliation, France may turn
'attml ~.. °Pon her own heart; and Europe may
nun m
n(' 'lint watch time unforbulden
,suicide.

Tile h , 44-11
oit-
~%%-,,-e-..,tre- happy to learn, is
.krlalititell recovered f i•- • evident, that lie is
hit e't to lem, r"'• "Is a ester day morning
.7!eb,,_, 4,0,0
~_e off his sling, )i. este
oar.
_.,s,
to
rat'et,.!'l4,ltitess left town. for tan,."_.....
„f
''leet Fri 'll
wedding day There wa-s a party_ I,t etith invited upon the Occasion.
'teril
tOtt a‘i morning Lieutenant-General'
first Sir
dip •
Cu
Iliou °X. who had the command of the
Ittio c/fthe Brit' 1 -at he battle of Wa-
hail t()) dtrived • is i troops .t. )1' ')eeti de . 111 town from Brussels,
where he
1. 4 %ever talned Since the battle, inconsequence
IP, 401 e. w.cluild ‘vhich lie received in. his right
thlt is
It its e(osequeut amputation.
li,:e first.44:Bal(l tlia,t M. JA'v, is the author of only
`lit Of b vi'Olt mace to the KING upon the siti.i,a--
nit . ,ratt l, etion
of kilt! that the second is the pro-
s 141.,fe%siii. ,11. GARA% M. JAY was formerly
' .76.
~,.''' Oratory in a College where FOUCHE,
oit-t:e.tiet.•;`'`‘`,°i I.),ofes:sor of Phys'ic.
tl,..Yilik tli,
„tile 26th inst. from Paris, accomr-t
t1,,,t Ill'in.?, lich Journals of that date, assert
'4l7tC;*.iis"),"4(l been 'some slight disturbances in
4l'llsty',l', in pplisequetie of the L!•te change of k'se'l t} tile Goartls were 'called out and sup-
at,,.4 lett,,irt'Si`,teVs.beture anv mischief was dune--
llti`tel, tt
ti.:.ntO Qenoa, dated, the 12th instant,
ig:iltt. t'Cl.:„" 84glish Ofteer had been sent front
th4(1.4 , ..certain whetherMUßAT was in
.11e
.IYlll.l„,'"."sica. and the Ex.iirg was f'11"(1 at
1, lie- „;" °I. Vesdot,•ati; in a
01,„ 41101, — •
).tti,sktaet t ot the Tripolit-an armed
pitiable condition.
tr,' Of 16 0 the number of nine .ships are
tr44.its ,f (.!;all s. which,is said to. have passed the
, inelininig a cor-
-4tl'4er:a`4lhrltar, the gleate'r pirt of these,
;;,i'tleCt C Igten' rigged, ie'SClliblilig the :Genoese
'tit;
tidit tee. h
1(,, tot 4 „4% been riven from the Danish Con'•
qt.the A T., h
444 i ' to be '''usters of vessels under Danisli.co.-
114 nst t„
i. ')11 their guard as Much as possible
lei.,P`'ltes it
Tripolitan cruisers, which
NI Nit re'eted. hostilely against the Datiith flag.
ti, 'it of bha hostile)
4) 6rid,
4'
""es '11• is 1
that the American ac-
tt4y4 Ity 4 , 11l aytt altoge a fas,..krica-
-444 sg,ltt. gentleman who arrived about eight
tliti!eil, th, teet From Port-au-Prince we are in'
'1(i),(!' 'Old 4,:i un the Ist of August all was tranquil
titi,,itllckt t ° expectation was entertained. of any
t)iilit' tile v)1/ the part of his sable Alajesty. lu-
tll,l iit,,,, verb season.. is a security against all
ti) tl€J,lv„er4tioos, a.s the rains set in the latter
`l% t '' and oot' ' f '
to () i.e._., . . mile .or three or four months,.
tit,)l.4
nly"(1% It completely impossible fur a
e. til
lit1(1 quarters in an enemy's ter-
tii),lll3lin„ •• 'q qt ti6t 71,1 r private account of the rectania-
kli,t:t°)tlictiLel4lr.,,ltilittitioleti:s:yn the Louvre, the Morning
' illtl , t 1). , adds---" We are sorry to
'1,41„ .(1114sien'f-,d'ttitYres . were removed mit li
i. lit ut :C, ao,il as little care; as the dust and
11, vi it '` Lotilu,
.1'• -taii .--.1 c;arts. Just fipprehensions
;;Itt fr).415
_illkki that they will be in
,tio (lest,' ,"t the
, proprietors-of these pictures
lii 'e Itiii waat they'valtte so much !
,ii t• of i
11, 'ttt t'r 126- ) '1 ilet/e Alliance WaU sold 00 the
eztt • 'too 'lran ' - - ' • fa • "°
I "I)ti "t Ootino "es---a9a9t, 1 iie- am a .
tit.tcl tor, ali
or. iimont are also for sa:e. 'flit
q).l.liveii,,(_' Eitroll of 83 year 4 of age, has
!

IgsATRIIECTIoN ik
~51.;AINt.

Cf t)&kA, SEA-JP. very untqiected
,hasjutt taken place hei-e. Gen. licinuEit, who
had been confined here 14 the King's orders, in
the CaStle of St. Antonia, eVel• since Aliguit 1814,
hut, obtained permission last.mouth to visit the
bath of Artrijo; on accoUni Of his health, last
night aisenibled the troops quartered at Santa
Lucia, close withbut the gates, and entered this
city of one o'clock this tnorifing, where be arrest-
ed the Captain-General of the Province, the G -
vernor of this city, and two or three' Other per-
sons : by three all was quiet, and as perfect tran-
quillity prevails as if nothing had happened. The
following it the -General's
ritocLAmAnd,
."
ADDRESSEIi RN' GENERAL Dwi DIE 2 110ELIER TO
THE SOLDIERS or THE AiUlv OF THE KINGDOM
OF GALLICIA.

" SOLnIERS baby and deSired day is
arrived, in which, by out heroic and glorious re-
'solution, We begin to break the,chaiiis of the most
fatal slavery that his ever been known.
- " It 'would be. useleS; Forine to exert my elf to
convince you what hai been the conduct of
,King
Ferdinand since his restoration to the throne of
Spain : that throne which cost the nation So many
lives, 'so much blood, and such sacrifice's, to de-
liver it from the influence of a tyrant'. Nobody
is ignorant that 'the KiDg surrounded by
and avaricious Counsellors, hos consented to, and
executed, a pi oseription so atrocious, that even
the irrational have trembled at it ; the most ilhis-
trious and deserving men lia,e been the first vic-
tims of it. Delivered, by this means, from thOse
who had preferred the general good to their own
interest, they'opened the flood-gates of despotistri,
and the nation was in a moment inundated with
the.furiOns tOrtent.

" Such, Soldiers, is the Mass cif evils iind Misfor-
tunes that we have suffered ! contempt,
disgrace, have beets the recompense they have
given us the dissolution of the laws, punish-
meats, contributions, duties (Os senoriay, pu-
ertas), and finally, the depression and diseourage7
meutof agriculture and cOmmerce have been the
acknowledgment that has been made for the ser-
vices of the people. I will not speak to ).7)11 of other
vicious and tioaur ms proceedings, %villa have
been tominitted St hit impunity; audacity. hav ng
even gohe so far as to endeavotir to sanctify tht:tii
as precepts of our holy religion.
" To come out of a slow ion so desp-erate, and.
which scandalizes all Europe, need thr to be
resolved. We, it the case is properly consuleied,
are the oppressors of the co,mtry si;fee tin se
arms, intended ooly to combat the, emenitcs of
what is good, have beell turfa:d, tor this y.'ti past,
against ourselves amd agai,,St our fortune and
interests.

Do not fear in attemptirig this enterprise—
the armies of other PoWers, since co:id:lite(' by
wise Princes, endo,,ed With the . most. splendid
virtues, far from opposing our just ciiise, it is ra-7
they greatly to be hoped that they will maintain
and support it. Yes ! we have before our eyes
most striking testimonies of this truth, which
have made us conceive the most flattering
hopes. They have disapproved front the very De-
gi;ining the conduct of King Ferdinanii, and
with a noble and generous unanimity, they
have finished, by exchnling Mint trout the
European alliance, Navin;; previowdy left no
means untried to divest hint fromerrot, and from
the precipice-:—AI has been in rain. In this si-
tuation, no alterwative remains to us but to take
to arms. Let us remove from his side those
wicked counsellors—let us re-establish the Cortes,
and let them determine. the sVstem' which is to
gov,.rn'us ; and meantime, considering the nation
as abandoned and destitute, the Provinces, in mini:
tation Of this most noble kingthint of Gallicia,
will appoint their internal Juntas to govern them,
till the convocation of the Cortes.

" Henceforth the .valiant soldier, the man of
talent and of real merit, shall meet with a solid
recompense; arts, agriculture, am) commerce shall
resume their ancient splendour ; the national
wealth shall recover the same channels which for-
merly nourished ; the soldiers, and others eni-
ploved by th 4 public. shall be punctually paid; the
scale ot justice shall return -to that equilibrium of
force, which is the foundation ot the tranquillity Of
the State. All this, Soldiers, isolfered. you, as a
reward by the change of the present system—to
obtain it unite your forces with' mine, and have
confidence In your Chiefs ; doubt not but that,the,
armies will follow you, and that 1111 will he actu-
ated by the same impulse ; and it ever there shmdd
be Obstacles and diflicalties 'Co overennig, valour
Makes every thing easy."
-„

• New York Papers hate arri, ed to the 2d and
Boston to thentli inst. TheyfiirniSh no additional
intelligence relative to operations against the .ln-
clians. It_ does not •say witch for the frrii:ific
Sition of bur Trans-Atlantic brethren, to find theni
in these days of peace bricging - forward against
the British Navy old chargeS Of harsh treatment
towards American prisoners. Lieut D. SIctioL-
SON, of the late United States brig Synch', has
publicly accused the BHiSh WicerS and men of
hit Majesty's ship Medway, v i h ill treating and
plundering thc American prisoners in their power.
We have no doubt but that the British Odicers
will, with ease, repel a charge so foreign front
their general character. These American papers
contain more recent adviees from Guadaloupe than
any come .to hand by a direct vourse. Admiral
LINOts and Genetal BOYEit, as well as all the
French officers, were deprived of their t t.vdrdS and
the men of their knapsacks, and Were preparing
.to he embarked for France; Gen. BotEtt had al-
ready been sent Off in a 'frigate ; but Admiral Li-
NOIS was allowed 28 hours linger to prepare for
his departure, as.an aeconnirodation to his Ladv.—
There is a report of Commodore DEcATutt hie-
ing impressed Dien out of the English Mer-
chant ships in the Mediterranean. A Boston
Paper of the second instant, says Captain
PARKER, of the. Schooner Thetis, from St.Thbmas,
states, that a report hail coine from the Windward,
Islands, that an American frigate resisting. the at-
tempt of at British frigate to search her, an action
ensued, in which the British frigate was sunk in
20 minutes."—From the encptiry we have made.
upon this latter subject, we have reason to believe
that the statenient is void of foundation.

TICE it.i-vzLL.I--;ni Aiidui iimiil;

(No. Xli!.)

SEPT. 25.

This city i tranquil, but its quiet argnB hei-
dier peace withill nor without. The change of
Ministers hasj,ri!Coiirse, busily ocelqiied theC:Otirt.
It is presumed that the delay in making these ap.:
poiiitments arose frith some- ferntiant iti high
•
placeS of that crotiLed pokey which haS hitliCrto
done SO melt to distract the Public 'Cotincils.--
The great fear at Court appears to he a Preponde-
rance of any interest, and this, fear is not Cured by,
the public virtue or public Character of the inte-
rest in question. The whole scheine rtinst, of
course, be iniperfect ; arid after a aeries of, half
measure, equally disgOsting to the Allies and the
People; some of
,thoSe fluctuation's which belong
tO:an impurpoSed
,and unpriiiciPled Government;
oyerthrOW the balance, and a new Ministry
1'4114 be sought for whe-rever it pan be fotiricl.—
That strong differences of opinion exist in the
Tuileries, is beyond all doubt ; and in,a time
when every thltig is tamed into matter of indica,-
lion, he would he no Parisian politician who did-
not hang a chain of consequences on the absence
of the Duchess d'Angemleme yes'terday fvom Court,
under pretence of seeing the waters of St. Cloud.
Another phenomenon.wh:mji is supposed to convey
the Britiilt approval of the late Cliang-e. Of dinistry,
_was the Duke of Wellington's appearance at the
Levee, I believe the first which he has made there
for a considerable time. It attracted great notice,
and an unequalled crowd were assembled, ro see a
manWhb;
to the Hero. It is singular that the.
tinder ei•ery aspect, haS the fiurest title
French, With -all then' national vdnity, should! be
so ready to exhibi:t their adMiration of the SOltlier
Who has torn tiff their plume 5 hiit it is still more
extraordinary, that in the very face of the national
bad taste, thuy should hate struck upon thatlea-
ture of his character which, though pt,rhaps the
most .admirable, has never been dreamt of,as the
toundation of a Frenchman's. fame. The e's
aventiance of display is the continual t'.eme.. No
ramie of equipage, no splendonr of. :attendance,
no halightille.,s o,f itimacr ; it wonld be scarcely
possible to find a finer emblern of the simplicity
that belongs to the nohles't order of greatness. I
h4ppehcil to he near him at the Review for a few
moments. After having slightly inspected the
I tic, lie ro.le tip to the head of a mound, Where
the Emperor of Russia and-his Brother were laveri.
looking the held. He made a slight how, touched
his hat, and merely said —" If your Majesty wishes
to have a better view, you will go to the left,
where' you will find the Emperor of Austriat"—
This Was delivered with the easy tone of one man
of rank speaking to another ; there was no wait
ing for compliment or cougratitlation, The co-
lumns wer, orders the Duke turned
to give t.l):2i,n to a!) Aid-de,camp. His military
eve probably surveyed that superb scene

as much excitement as if it was to issue in a
iiewttiumpb, saw that the orders 'were Incom-
pletely understood ; he stopped for ,In instant on
the height, then plunged into the r:,.vine with. his
Staff, and wls,at once in full galkp iwross the
field, leaving the hinces and gunperors gazing
behind ['hit.

I have wandered 'from politic's. The appear-
ance of the Duke at Court; mid .the absence .of
the Duchess, implied two different things : one that
the removal of the late Ministers wa's satisfactory
to the British. Government, the other that the
Angouletne interest was not yet successful. The
grand obstruction is.supposed to he found in the
highest place. The education of intrigue has not
been untaught by a life of ad- ersity, and the ctin,
ning opposition oti parties even in the Cabinet,
a rigorous Aristocrat qualified by a tough Jaco-
bin, a specious Constitutionalist compressed by a
Purged Regicide, an Orator of the Feder& check-
jug et Noble of the Vielle Cour, are supposed to
make the theory of perfect public council in the
mind of the. prominent personage. This can.-
not last ; anti so far as the good of ,ociety is con-
cerned it is of no importanett,:at I‘liat hour it may
pass away. Among the multitude of conjecture,,
one is certain, that the, peqle expect nothing
from the honesty of the Chambers. The general
voice is, that they arc utterly corrupt, ti..at they
have been chosen by the most barefaced influence,
that, at least, one-third of the Deputies trout each
Province of the North, East, **lnd:South, were
never known even by name to the Elector'S, but
sent down on the lists from her 5: that the rest
were almost uniforMly chosen b-,7 the influence of
the Vresitlents from men notorious fur their
Royalist prejudices, and plpAbile pßilizatis,• that
the tear. independant mett.'; Or those who haVing
been formerly employed In the RevolutiOn were
supposed capable of resisting.the Ministry, -,wete
deterred by lueultee or a'ctual violence from coin-
ing forward, and that. itl cansequence the French.
have nothing to expect but imposts and degrada-
tions,•fresh los=es of territory, and tee iv accumula-
tionS of shame. This is the Public opinion, and
with such'a 'stile of thinking there iS no prospect
but ,perpetual revolution; A plot is Said to have
been discovered last week—a renewal of the for,
mer one. Some 111bn:sands of Prussian and Britith
uniform's ready, musket's and anminnition, pikes
and baggers, bro.Oght. up from cellars; &c.--e-this
may be a mere fabrication, but if Oleic is not much
additional Year there iS some additional pre.cam.
lion. Blucher ha's fiked head-quarters at
Ver-
sailles, the . Socereiens haVe put off their depar-
tore, and: the guards. are from time to time
doubled. CilnuOn with ,lighted matches and bi-
comics remain 'at the heads Of the bridges,
and the Gendarmerie are on perpetual patrole.---;
TAlicyrand's dismissal has given general -delight.
The French were disgusted with hint. His ser-
vice of so many mastic's, hit'wiliness out of oflice;
and his machiavelism in his day of supremacy have
stripped'him of respect. They even now begin to
tell unlucky tales of him, and he is charged with'
the ptincipal
agency in the death of the Duke'
D'Enghien.
