NEW GREENWICH HOSPITAL

(From the Morning Advertiser.)
The prorogation of Parliament affords us space
for the consideration of matters of perhaps equal
importance to many of those discussed in that as-
sembly. One of the greatest is a project for found-
ing an institution for the relief of aged or disabled
merchant seamen—a sort of Greenwich Hospital,
with the option of being relieved in their own loca-
lities, if they prefer it. This is a noble idea, and
one most loudly called for. Merchant seamen, the
chief promoters of our national wealth, the best
bulwarks of our national power, the sole source of

manning our navy whenever occasion requires, are
left in their old age to die like dogs in ditches, or
handed over to the tender mercies of the Poor-
laws. Really this is a scandal to our Government
and our country. The press-gang, with all its hor-
rors, was a blessing to many, compared with the
present state of things. A sailor by being pressed,
and serving seven or eight years in the navy, did
earn for himself an asylum in his old age ; but
what can he do now ? Where now is the institu-
tion that will receive him when no longer able to
work for his living ? We are glad to hear that
many Members of both Houses of Parliament

have expressed their intention of sanctioning arid
supporting this plan, and that it has been discussed
by many of the corporations of maritime towns,
the chief Magistrates of which have written to ex-
press their approbation of it, including the Lord
Mayor of Dublin, the Mayors of Newcastle,
Sunderland, Durham, Southampton, Chester,
Dartmouth, Exeter, Birmingham, Sandwich, Har-
wich, and Gravesend. With such support its suc-
cess may safely be calculated upon, and we cannot
help thinking that when carried into operation, it
will contribute to more prudent habits among our
seamen, and wean them from the service of other
States offering them no such advantages. Why
not unite a sailor's savings' bank with the other
contemplated objects ?

PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.

Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar
in Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that of
Foreign Sugars :

London, Aug. 14, 1840.
The Gazette of this evening will quote the Per Cwt.
average price of British Plantation Musco-

vado Sugar, exclusive of duty, at • . .v . 565. 9d.
The actual quantity of Sugar sold on account of the
importers in the week ending the 11th inst., according
to the returns made upon oath by the West India Sugar
Brokers, in conformity with the Act of Parliament, and
on which quantity the above price is computed, consisted
of 403 hhds. and 10 trs.

Foreign Sugars are this week, taking quantity for
quality, about 335. per cwt. cheaper than West India
Sugar; an opinion prevails that this difference in
price will gradually increase in favour of the latter
until it reaches 41s. per cwt. ; with that difference
dealers will be enabled to clear all descriptions of
Foreign clayed and Muscovado Sugars, whether raised
by slave-labour or not, for home consumption, at the
high duty of 665. per cwt. ; the probability, therefore,
is that this nation, which has said and done so much
against slavery, and the slave-trade, will be compelled to
consume Sugar made by slaves, thereby indirectly stimu-
lating the planters in Cuba and in the Brazils
to extend their Sugar estates ; and, what is worse,
encouraging the kidnappers to perpetrate fresh acts
of atrocity against the unfortunate Africans, in order
that they may secure and supply the number
more of hands necessary to the cultivation of the
new ground for the reception of the young canes in.
tended to yield Sugar enough to satisfy ttheedeemxearnedisferoomf
the United Kingdom. The annoying position
in which
tt
be i
e Britisha n d pveeoxpaltei
vexatious,
thusbeca
uplaced,se,
by ih
s the lamen-
table
ordinary foresight on the part of Government, the
coming mischief might have been altogether avoided,
for had Foreign Muscovado Sugars, made by free hands,
been generally admitted four months ago to our home
markets at the same rate of duty as that imposed on
West India Sugar (the admission of this class of Sugar
might have been managed through our East India ports
without infringing any part of the Brazilian treaty with
this country), the public would have enjoyed all the
advantages of the stock then in our bonded warehouses,
and have had the satisfaction now of knowing that an
abundant quantity of excellent Sugar was on its way to
our markets.

The Duke of Beaufort has accepted the office of
President of the Her ford Musical Festival ; but it is
doubtful whether his Grace will be present at the meeting.
DREADFUL MURDER.—The following extra-
the house sus-
ordinary narrative is given in a recent letter from Milan
......,. A priest, on returning a few nights ago from visiting a
isnickther to a friend, and,
supposing that there was
persono i‘N.n. 3
ot hf ea c
foaurnmt
..ryil ,0
unsecabr e Pl
oins
gt oijnag, perceived lights
a family meeting, entered with
the Intention
re f
hep a rftoaukni id) g
tohfetheir
gfehstteiry i toyf, On reaching
pended from a beam in the ceiling. lie immediately cut
her down, and took means to restore her. She recovered
her senses, but before she could speak she urged him by
her gestures to go into an adjoining room. Here he found
the father and mother both dead, having been evidently
murdered. On returning to the poor girl, who was about
fifteen, she bad recovered her voice, and told him that the
house had been entered by five men, one of whom was she
priest's own servant, who bad first killed her father and
mother, then hung her, and afterwards decamped with all
the plate, jewels, and money. flaying placed the resusci-
tated girl in good hands, the priest went home. His ser-
vant came to him as usual to assist him in undressing, but
he desired the man to go to the cellar, and bring up a
bottle of wine, as he was fatigued and thirsty, The ser-
vant went down, and the priest stealing gently y after him,
succeeded in locking him in. He then hastened to the
Magistrate of the place, who, on hearing his tale, 'sent
seine officers to his house, where they entered the cellar,
and seized the servant and two of his four accomplices,
but the remaining two effected their escape, The whole
of the booty was also found in the cellar."
THE PARLIAMENTARY SUFFRAGE.—_A Ra-
dical asks whether occupying a house of 16/. rent, though
only assessed at 81 , and having paid all taxes, he is en-
titled to a vote for the borough? Decidedly not; he
should have claimed to be assessed at 10/. before the 20th
instant. lie is qualified for the municipal franchise if
he has paid his parish rates.—Livcrpool lifercury_We
have known instances in which revising barristers have
allowed this claim, on satisfactory proof that the premises
were worth Iv/ per annum.--Mail —There cannot be the
smallest doubt that within the limits of cities and boroughs
any one liable to a rent of ICI a-year, and having paid his
rates, no matter at what amount he is rated, can claim a
vote at Parliamentary eleetioas.—Journal,

WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1840.—The In-
dian Appropriation Bill was discussed till the recess.
After the recess the House went again into Com-
mittee on the Indian Appropriation Bill. Several
amendments were offered, and gave rise to very inte-
resting discussions.
Mr. Bell offered the following amendment :—For
holding a treaty with the Cherokee Indians, including
all the different interests and divisions which exist
among them upon the basis of their right to adopt
any form of Government which they, or a majority
of them, may think proper, to elect their own officers
or chiefs, and establish any laws or regulations they may
deer!. best for their welfare and happiness, provided
they do not conflict with the constitution and laws of
the U. S. applicable to their affairs 5,000 dollars.
This motion to amend was based on the following
resolutions, which were adopted by the Committee on
Indian Affairs :
Resolved, That to preserve peace, to harmonize the
present dissensions among the Cherokees, to settle
finally and satisfactorily all unadjusted claims and
accounts between them and the United States,
and to establish by more distinct and definite
provisions, the extent of the power and juris-
diction of the United States over them, especially in
the punishment of offences committed by Cherokees in
their own country, it is highly expedient that a treaty
should be held with their whole nation, upon the basis
of their right to adopt any form of Government, they,
or a majority of them, may think proper—to elect their
own oWeets or chiefs, and establish say-laws or, regula-
tions they tnayateent *hallo their welfare and happiness.-
provided they do not conflict with the conatitution and
laws of the United States applicable to their affairs.
Resolved. That for this purpose the sum of five
thousand dollars should be appropriated and placed at
the disposal of the President.
Mr. Bell spoke at great length in support of the
amendment, going fully into the present state of our
relations with the Cherokees. He undertook to show
that our Government had violated almost every treaty
stipulation that they had made with the Cherokees.
We were bound by treaty to protect them from do-
mestic strife and foreign aggression ; to guaranty to
them a Government of their own choice ; to pay them
certain sums of money, &c. &c., all of which stipula-
tions had been violated on our part. A form of Go-
vernment had been adopted by a general council of the
nation, and almost without a dissenting voice ; but our
Government had refused to recognize it, and had em-
powered General Arbuckle to dictate another Govern-
ment to them. This General had stated that, when he
obtained a reinforcement of troops, he would settle the
question by force. The Government here had refused
to recognise the delegation from the Cherokees.
and withheld from them their money due under
the treaty of removal. In fact, Mr. Bell insisted
that almost every step had been taken by this
Government to kindle a war along the Western
border—a war with the Cherokees—a war with
all the tribes of the West. Nothing had restrained
the Cherokees from taking up the tomahawk but an
earnest and sincere desire, on their part, to preserve
peace. They were prudent and sagacious. Many
of their most influential men were wealthy ; they
were permanently settled, and were making improve-
ments—all their interests were for peace. A war with
them would be no light matter. The Superintendent
informed us that in one day's march they could throw
twenty thousand men on the frontiers of Arkansas.
Not twenty millions, but a hundred millions would be the
cost of that war, besides the sacrifice of thousands of
lives. He urged the necessity of making an effort to
arrest the evils which he anticipated from the present
state of irritation among the Cherokees.

The Senate had a very long and laborious session,
and though the thermometer was ranging from 90 to 93,
the debate was animated, and continued till the hour of
adjournment, 10 P.M.
Mr. Wall moved to strike out the•restrictions in the
Act of 1817, " prohibiting the discounting of notes by
individuals," &c., in the District of Columbia. This
was moved in consequence of the Banks of the District
being obliged to wind up their affairs. It was agreed
to at once, and, strange to say, it is precisely what Mr.
Tappan attempted two days before, and for which ob-
tained only two votes.

SURVEY OF THE NORTH-EAST BOUNDARY.
A Bill was passed, through all its stages, authorizing
the President to explore and survey the North-cast
Boundary, and appropriating 26,000 dollars for that
purpose.

Mr. Vattemare's plan for the exchange of books with
foreign powers, which was rejected the other day, was
reconsidered and passed.
The Bill making appropriations for the support of the
army for the year J 1340, was taken up, and variously
amended. One amendment was to grant an outfit for a
charge to Texas, an outfit of $`6,000 for Com. Porter
—the latter amendment was taken by yeas and nays,
and carried 19 to 1.5.

Mr. Tallmadge made two attempts to obtain appro-
priations for the improvement of the Hudson River,
above and below Albany, &c. Mr. T. urged these
with great zeal, but they failed. The first appropriation
asked for was $50,000, and when that failed, he re
duced it to $6,000, and asked the yeas and nays, and
die vote stood 13 yeas and 21 nays.
Mr, Wright moved an amendment providing that,
in case the revenue should be insufficient for the ap-
propriations, the President should have the discretionary
power to withhold or reduce the appropriations for cer-
tain objects, such as amendments of fortifications, ord-
nance, barracks, &c. Mr. Wright stated that, in case
the revenue should fall off from customs and lands, or
if the deposite banks and the U. S. Bank, should be
enable to pay their debts to the United States, there
would be a deficiency. We must, then, either autho-
rise a loan, strike out some of these appropriations, or
take the course which the Committee recommended.
It appears that the whole amount appropriated by
the Bill is five and a half millions ; and that, under
the amendment, the President may withhold one-
fourth of that amount.

Mr. Southard opposed the amendment, but it was
agreed to.

Tile Bill was debated in quite an animated strain
from beginning to end, end ordered to be engrossed
at about eight o'clock.
The Senate then took up the general orders.

(Correspondence of the Journal of Commerce.)
WASHINGTON, JULY 18, 1840.—RETROCEDING THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIk.—In the Senate, memorials
were presented from several hundred citizens of the
town of Alexandria and adjoining country, praying that
they may be receded to Virginia, giving it as a reason
that they considered themselves oppressed by the late
legislation of Congress. It was to be printed and laid
on the table.

The new charter for the city of Washington (ex-
tending the rights of suffrage exclusive of property qua-
lification) was on its third reading, when it was laid on
the table to be taken up the next session.
A joint resolution was discussed to cede the stock
owned by the United States in the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal to the State of Maryland. This is quite
an important step, and, if the House pass it, the State
of Maryland will soon complete the work to the town
of Cumberland, in the neighbourhood of which lies
co

al, iron, &c. The stock of the Government hangs
rke an incubus on the exertions of Maryland; because
would not make any further appropriations, and the
State would not go on until it had the entire stock
under its control—three millions more will be required
to carry the canal to Cumberland, which the State will
furnish, and in a few years more this work will be com-
pleted, furnishing another important link in the great
chain of internal improvement.

"'There was a very general feeling app 'rent on the part
of the Senate to allow Maryland to take the Govern-
ment. Stock and do the best she could with it. It was
passed.

The joint resolution to charter, for one year, such of
the banks of the district as would meet their liabilities
is specie, was taken up, and a long and angry discussion
ensued.

Mr. Allen sought to make the stockholders liable,
but it was not sustained—and the resolution was ordered
to be engrossed.

The Bill from the House making appropriations for
the contingent. and current expenses of the Indian De-
partment, was reported withof..t amendment ; but objec-
tion being made, the Bill was not read the third time.

'The Bill making appropriations for the Navy for the
year 1840, came back from the House with an amend-
ment of the Senate stricken out, to wit, the appropria-
tion of $30,000 for the survey of the southern coast
from Apalachicola to the mouth of the Mississippi.
Mr. Southard and Mr. Henderson made able speeches
in favour of retaining the amendment, the latter declar-
ing that he would rather lose the Bill than sacrifice the
amendment.
Mr. Walker also advocated the retaining of the
amendment with a great deal of zeal. The Senate re-
fused to recede by a vote of 18 to 10.
The House finally passed the Indian Appropriation
Bill to-day, after long debates on various items of it.
The amendment adopted in Committee for settling
the difficulties with the Cherokees was rejected, though
the House was warned that they must take war as the
consequence.
The Senate amendments to the Navy Appropriation
Bill wore next discussed. The amendment striking out
the New York Pry Dock was concurred in—also the

The discussion was continued till 12 o'clock, and
seemed likely to-last-all night.
::: The 'Smite 'Ottliourited, without eirtyaching on the
'gal;62iil3-::"iffiny members were or opinion that a Sun-
day Session was inevitable--though the House had
selected Tuesday as the day of adjournment, to avoid
the desecration of the Sabbath.
The House adjourned without taking the question on
the amendment to the Army Bill.

GLEANINGS FROM THE LATEST
NEW YORK PAPERS.

ANOTHER FATAL AFFRAY IN MISSISSIPPI.--COU-
RAGE AND PRESENCE OF MIND OF A LADY.—We
find in the New Orleans Picayune of the 7th instant,
the following particulars of a fatal encounter, near
Woodville, Miss. :—A serious affray occurred near
Woodville, Miss., on Sunday morning, 28th of June.
As we have learned the particulars from a gentleman
who was at Woodville at the time, it seems that a Col.
D. Woodward, with his brother and a man named Glass,
waylaid a carriage containing Col. W.'s wife, and two
other ladies, with a Mr. Frazier, a step son of W.'s by
his wife, and two or three small children. The first
named party ordered the other to stop, and Col. W.
immediately fired a pistol directly at the persons in the
carriage, wounding one of the ladies in the cheek.
Young Frazier then jumped from the carriage and fired
a pistol at Col. Woodward, wounding him badly in the
face. With another pistol he lodged a ball in his body,
which killed him instantly.
The brother of the latter immediately shot Frazier
in the back as he was returning to the carriage. Glass
in the meantime had fled. A brother of Frazier, who
was on horseback, behind the carriage, now came up,
when Woodward fired a gun at him, shattering his
arm badly with buckshot. At the last accounts the
Frazier who was first wounded was not expected to
live.

One of the ladies -in the carriage showed great pre-
sence of mind, by ordering her children to lie down.
She then picked up a pistol which had been dropped,
and threatening to shoot one of Col. Woodward's ne-
groes, who had seized the horses, induced him to let
go, and then drove off.
It seems that there had been a difference of long
standing between Colonel Woodward and his wife, in
which her children by a former husband, the two Fra-
ziers, had taken part. A reward of 150 dollars has
been offered for the apprehension of Woodward's bro-
ther, who is now at large.
Glass has been apprehended and is in jail.—New
York Commercial Advertiser.
MOEILE, JUNE 25.—ATROCIOUS MURDER.--A
murder was perpetrated last Saturday by a desperado
named Edward Hall, upon the body of Daniel Ellis,
which equals in cold-bloodedness any occurrence on re-
cord. It appears that the deceased was the cultivator
of a small farm about 30 miles from the city, and whilst
standing at his gate on Saturday, Hall came up to him
and demanded some peaches. The manner of the de-
mand being offensive and uncourteous, the deceased re-
*used to give them; upon which Hall, almost without
further parley, lifted his gun, placed it against the breast
of the other, and deliberately shot him dead. The wen-
: pon was loaded with buck-shot, which went directly
through his heart. So close was the assassin, that the
marks of the muzzle were perceptible on the coat of
the dead man, and his clothes were burned in several
places by the powder. The deceased, we are informed,
was an inoffensive and industrious individual, and no
other reason is assigned for this atrocious act, except
cold-blooded wantonness. The moment the murder
was committed, Hall rode off, and at the latest ac-
counts was still at large.—Register.
FIVE NEGROES EXECUTED.-.-We learn from the
Savannah Georgian that five negroes of the late Mr.
Alexander Atkinson, of Camden, Georgia, were hung
on Monday, the Gth inst. at the spot on the plantation
of the deceased, where the murder of their late master
was committed They were buried under the gallows.
TAKING THE CENSUS.—" Do you live here, Sir ?"
said a gentleman of easy address and of some of
importance, who carried a blank book in one hand and
a silver pencil in the other—" Do you live here, Sir ?"
he said, addressing the male occupant, as he uncere-
moniously poked his head into an Irishman's shanty,
in the suburbs of the city, yesterday.
"Do I what ?" said the Emeralder, somewhat sur-
prised.

" Do you live here ?" said the gentleman.
" Why thin, sweet bad luck to you every day yoo
see a wooden pavin'-stone, you spyia-spalpeen," said
Pat, apparently much enraged—" where else would I
live? Isn't this the own house, and isn't me house me
castle? What right have you to hispass on the primisis
and step in widout sayin' be yer lave,' or God save
all here,' jist as ifyou was the estated gentleman ?"
" My dear sir," said the visitor, " I did not come here
with the view of unnecessarily intruding on you ! I am
employed taking the census, and came to take your's and
your family's."

" To take me sinsis !—give me a charm, I suppose—
put yer comnetker on me ! Oh ! pursumin' to you, you
decavin' rascal 1 Do you want to make an ontacihown or
an idiot of me? Clear out of my consarns, or I'll be
afther giving' you a poltleogue that'll take your sinsis,"
and he made a scientific move at the stranger, in true
Donnybrook fair style, who requested him not to put
his threat into execution, but permit him to explain.
He told Patrick that he was employed by the Go-
vernment to ascertain the number of people who reside
in the city, and that he merely called, in pursuance of
his vocation, to learn how many his family numbered.
" And is that all ye want ?" said Pat, assuming a less
belligerei.nt tone.
" No more," said the gentleman with the book.
" And why the divil didn't you say so at first ?" said
Pat, " and I'd tell it while a cat 'ud be aitin' a ha'porth
o' butther. Stay—let me see—(and he began to scratch
his head, by way of assistinghismemory) : there's meself
and Nelly—that's one."
" You and Nelly are two," said the gentleman, mak-
ing his memorandum at the same time.
" Well, there's more of yer assurance," said Pat.
" Do you know betther than the priest ? Didn't he tell
us the night we wor married that we wor one ?"
" Well, I'll not argue the question with you," said
the gentleman. " Proceed."
Well, thin,' said Pat,
" there's the four gossoon
that's livin', and Brian and Teddy that's dead ; there's
s
Nancy, that's at home with her gran'mhootruheor,wiind
uudt,,
Ire-
land ; and the two colleens that's a
there's the pig and the ould mare, k
him' Twhhaot
iutwilld do, r,"
tShi
irs," t
isaidttahkee
ne eon suuost-ot ao
fe census-taker,
es t oapept ionagl
number of Pat's family. Good bye, Sir."
A safe joorney to you, me darlin'!" said Pat.
" Won' ye take somethin'?"
" Nothing," said the stranger, and he vanished.—
New York Paper.
A REMARKABLE INSTANCE OF ABSENCE OF MIND.
—A celebrated country singing Waiter, who travelled
from village to village in his vocation of peddling psalm
tunes by rote, generally rode on horseback with his Cre-
mona slung over his shoulders. After several deep ca-
denzas executed con spirito through the medium of an
instrument of glass in the bar-room of a road-side ta-
vern, it became necessary to accelerate the tempo of
travelling. The maestro in haste flung the horse over
his shoulder and mounted the violin. A few measures
belore the last double bar Ile discovered that he was
performing in duplicate time instead of quadruple, the
wrong animal's leg being uppermost, he immediately
turned a semi Somerset, and produced an effective finale.
—Troy IVhig.
ROBBING THE VICE-PRESIDENT.---On Friday even-
ing last, while Colonel Johnson, Vice-Pres:dent of the
United States, was at the Temperance Hall, Philadel-
phia, his watch was stolen out of his fob. Very little
was said about the affair, except to his immediate
friends. He returned from Reading, and on Wednes-
day morning his watch, " in good order rind wcll7eondi-
tioned," was sent to him.
SINGULAR SUICIDE.-.... 1110 York (Pa.) PreSB of Mon-

day, says—" On Monday last, Dr. H. M. M'Clelhoir
coroner, held an inquest on the body of William Shultz,
in Windsor township, who hung himself while in a stet*
of intoxication, and made his wife hold the candle while
he performed the act." An obedient wife, truly.
" MURDER MOST Foue."--They say that there if
a place in New Hampshire where they cut up old maids
to make dried apples !!
CHOLERA IN MISSISSIPPI. —Dreadfulfatality among
the slaves!—The following story, says the St. Louis Pen-
nant, is no sketch of fancy—we have responsible autho-
rity for its truth:—
" A few weeks ago an extensive cotton planter in
Mississippi, who owned about 150 negroes, found that
the cholera had suddenly broken out among them, and
raged most furiously—carrying of some 10 or 15 daily.
'rho news travelled speedily among his neighbours, and
no one had the temerity to go near the "infected dis-
trict for fear of the contagion I' Every iday a long line
of rough board coffins were carried into the fields, and
deposited in the earth, while the citizens expressed the
deepest sympathy for their unfortunate neighbour. At
Length they were nearly all gone, and the ruined planter
sold his land and started for Texas, to commence the
world anew. After several days had elapsed, however,
several gentlemen, suspecting that all was not right,
caused a number of the coffins to be unearths], and
found that they contained—nothing. Deuce the bit of
a negro was in any of them ! A few weeks aftermards,
accounts were received from Texas, stating that the
" unfortunate gentleman," had purchased a splendid
plantation there, and with the whole of his 150 negroes,
was driving the cotton business at a great rate ! The
gentleman's creditors looked blank at each other, and
the neighbours laughed heartily at the joke."
(From the Net' Orleans Bulletin.)
TRANSPORTATION OF SLAVES PROM THE STATE.—
At the last session of our Legislature, an Act was
passed for the further security of the owners of slaves,
with the provisions of which all ship and steamboat
captains should make themselves well acquainted.
The penalties are more severe than any hitherto im-
posed. If a slave is found on board of a ship, steam-
boat, or other vessel, without the written consent of the
owner, the law creates a presumption, that the slaves
were received on board with intention of depriving their
masters of them, and of transporting them out of the
State. This presumption exists, whether the slaves
were actually transported, or only on the eve of
being PransPor.44—.rima OeY- were concealed or
not. Neither can this prcsomptionle,destroyed, but
on the testimony of at Lest two witnesses, not tn•
ployed on board the vessel, and on eorro )(fluting
circumstances. By way of increasing the vigilance
of masters and owners of si:ps and steani-tu, IN', they
are made responsible to the owners of the slave for
the payment of a fine of five hundred dollars per
slave taken away or lost, besides the value of the
slave. The fine is incurred whenever a slave is
found on board without a written permission from
the owner. Besides, the owner of any slave, thus
traesported or found on board, has a tacit privilege on
the ship or steam-boat, without reference to the person
in whose possession or charge the vessel may be. In
addition to the value of the slave, and the fine imposed,
the slave holder may recover from the proprietors and
captains of ships, and other vessels, all the damages that
may have been suffered—the parties being responsible
in solido, and a lien also attaching to the ship or steam-
boat engaged in transporting the slave.
From the above statement, it will be seen how care-
ful officers of vessels should be in the employment of
negroes. A slave found on board without a pass in
writing from his master, will subject them to a fine of
five hundred dollars. These regulations seem to be
rather severe to strangers, but they are not in fact more
strict than is necessary for the protection of the rights
of our citizens. The facilities tor the transportation of
slaves hence are very great. There is also exhibited
too much carelessness on the part of masters of vessels
in the employment of negroes. The frequent escape
of slaves is sufficient evidence that the provisions of the
law cannot be too strict or rigid. All that is wanted
to prevent the recurrence of these losses, is a greater
vigilance on the part of the captains of steam-boats and
ships ; and we trust that their interest will now lead
them, to adopt such precautions as the circumstances of
the case suggest and require.
(From the Niagara Chronicle.)
We regret to state that desertions.are taking place on
this frontier on a very extensive scale, and from both
sides of the river. The deserters, too, risk their lives
in a most daring manner, and in one instance no less
than three men have perished in the attempt to abandon
the colours of their country. Surely the two Govern-
ments might concoct some plan whereby this great evil
to both would be remedied.
On Saturday last four American soldiers deserted to
this place from Fort Niagara, two of them having crossed
the river on a plank, and the other twu in a small skiff.
On Tuesday two more came across ; and we are in-
formed that higher up the line the deserters from Buf-
falo are very numerous.
Several of the soldiers of the 93d Regiment have de-
serted from Drummondvile.# On Tuesday night last
four of their attempted to cross the river on a plank a
little below the Clifton House, but only one of them
reached the American shore ; the other three were
drowned.

• Drummondville is close to the Falls of Niagara anti
was formerly known as Lundy's Lane, where the severe
battle was fought during the war. —Counerctal Advertiser.
ANOTHER PHILADELPHIA LOCOMOTIVE.--Mr. Nur-
ris shipped another of Ins engines yesterday on board
the .11entczwra for England, being the tenth which he
has furnished the Birmingham and Gloucester Railroad
Company. It is of the largest crass •f locomotives,
and is one of those which are ordered expressly for
their inclined plane ; being capable thereupon, and else-
where, of drawing an average of about fifty tons more
than those of British manufacture. This is supposed
to be superior to any yet sent, and its cost " on board"
was eighteen hundred and fifty pounds sterling. Mr.
Norris has orders for five more, from the same source.
We arc informed that all the engines sent to England
are furnished with American engineers.—Philadelpbia
United States Gazette.

TORNADO IN YORK COUNTY PA.—A violent. and
destructive tornado occurred in Newbury Township,
York County Pa, on the afternoon of the Bth inst.
which in its effects was similar to one before noticed,
on the same evening. A correspondent of the York
Gazette says that hundreds of the largest trees were
hurled to the ground—some of the tallest and sturdi-
est oaks snapped off like a dried and rotten reed, others
torn by the roots from their gigantic fastenings in the
earth and swept away. Those at a distance of two
miles from the scene of destruction could sec the tops of
trees and grain in the sheaf whirled along high in the
air. The storm continued but a few moments. It
extended about two miles, embracing in some parts of
its progress a width of about 30 rods, demolishing the
principal timber, fences, etc. in its path.
CUNARD PAVILION.—The workmen arc now busily
engaged in this great structure. It rises directly in
front of the Maverick Houk, and has a length of nearly
two hundred feet, and a breadth of about one hundred.
The roof is connected with the upper story of the hotel,
in such a manner as to include all the pit.zzas and front
rooms. In the centre of that side of the pavilion most
distant from Maverick House, will be elevated seats for
Cunard, the President and Vice-Presidents of the day,
and the Executive Committee of arrangements—oppo-
site to whom will be the gallery for the musicians ; and
all the seats are to be arranged so as to afford the guests
and subscribers a full opportunity to witness the cere-
monies of the occason. It will be decorated with ban-
ners, evergreens, and the ensigns and flags of all nations,
which, when illuminated by vari-coloured lamps in the
evening, will be beautiful and magnificent in effect almost
beyond description.
Opposite the centre seats will be inscribed in large
letters the names of Watt, Cunard, and Fulton ; and
on each end of the pavilion, the names of the Bri-
tannia, Caledonia, Acadia, and Columbia—they being
the four mammoth steaw.ships of the regular lino
between Boston and Liverpool. The names of those
cities, with that of Halifax, will also hare a conspi-
cuous place. Tho favourite Unicorn will be embla-
zoned on the music gallery ; while various sentiments
arid devices will be inserted here and there within the
awning. The building will accommodate an immense
number of people. There will be no distinction of party.
The Governors of New York and all the New-Eng-
land states have been invited to attend. The Mayors
of Trov, Hudson, Albany, Lowell, Salem, Boston, the
presidents of the railroads, the collector of this port,
Mr. Webster, the post-master, the British and other
Consuls, General Wilton, and many other distinguished
persons from all parts of the Union and abroad, are
likewise expected to attend.—Boston Atlas.
BUFFALO.—Twenty-six years ego only one small
building was to be seen in Buffalo, which now contains
more than 2.0,000 inhabitants.

MARYLAND WHEAT CROP.—In the Western
counties of Maryland, and along the Susquehanna
valley, the wheat crops h►ve been excellent; and the
yield full ; on the Eastern shore there hare been sow•
plaints of the fly, scab, and rust. The yield, in the two
sections and adjacent counties of Virginia will, says
ti.e Baltimore American, it is believed, prove a fair
average occ in the aggregate.

lecadpipveuiriso,nw beingm 1.
al ell
IMPROVED HA NDICA PPING.—A correspon-
dent of the Post suggests that the Goo. dwooti stakes
s
not, he continued,
theniaben' ost iiuirrleddll tbeuore'a'si'dividedundersuscirno-t itfour--old of his year these
stone, and after the race discover that six stone might
have been given? Lock at the Hetman and Forlota
Hope, the Hetman and Pluto; look at Fitzambo, Wings
Auburn, and such like. No weight at all could make a
race between them and racehorses ; at the same time put
these forty or fi:ty wretches in a class by themselves, and it
would he as fine a sight as Lanercost, Hetman, Charles
XII., and Beggarman for the Goodwood Cup. That.
would be upwards of thirty acceptances to esob class.
pet baps fusty, and quite as large a field as on the late oo-
c‘sion, and the stakes would be still worth 7001. or 800/.
each—rmlough io all conscience. I could adopt the. same
regulition at Warwick and everywhere 614 when there
might be 100 subscribers.
