(2t 1,

( o. 12,679.)

DUGGIN'S PATENT DOUBLE-
BRIMMED VENTILATING BEAVER HATS,
are by far the best kind of Hats ever yet produced, weigh-
ing lees than four ounces; will never injure by wet, or
lose their colour : the brims being double, they cannot
break, or go out of Atape ; they will not prevent the egress of
perspiration, which has been so much the complaint of
water proof hats, often producing the headache and the loss
of hair. Price 21s. and 265.; Drab and Brown Hats at
the same price.
To be had of the Patentees, Duggin and Co., SO, New.
gate-street, near the New Post-office. Boys' and Men's
Beaver and Silk Hats, from 6s. and upwards. Caps of
every descriwion.
N.B.—A liberal allowance will be made to merchants,
captains, and dealers.

CONTIGUOUS TO 'GROSVENOR-PLACE AND
BELGRAVE SQUARE.
TO BE LET ON LEASE,
By Mr. REID,
Son-in-Law and Successor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,
(Of Warwick Hone, Reeent-strtet,)
AADesirable RESIDENCE, handsomely
. fitted up, and replete with conveni.,nces, ad opted for
the accommodation of a Family of consequPnce, situate in
WILTON STREET, BELGRAVE-SQUARE,
With open yard at the back, stable, and coach-house.
To he viewed by tickets, which, with particulars, may
he hid of Mr. Reid, No. 170, Regent-street.

SURREY, ON THE BANKS OF THE THAMES,
WITHIN SEVEN MILES OF THE METROPOLIS.

TO BE LET,

ELEGANTLY FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED,
By Mr. REID,

Son-in-law and Sucers;,,r to the lite Mr. JOHN ROBINS,

(Of Warwick Howe, Regent-street,)
ADelightful RESIDENCE, elegantly fitted
up and furnished in a very superior manner,
adapted for the accommodation of a family of the first dis-
tinction, with office, coach-house, stables, and other out
buildings, delightful pleasure grounds, with sheet of water,
fed from the Thames, stored with fish, island, &c., Bte.,
and meadow land, if required.

Pat ticular= of Mr. Recd, 170, Regent-street.

NEASDON HOUSE, AHDDLESEX.

About four miles from Kilhurn, and five from the Me.

tropolig.
TO BE LET FURNISHED,
By Mr. REID,

Son-in-law and Successor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,

(Of Warwick House, Regent-street,)
ACapital RESIDENCE, situate at Neas-
don, a pleasant and very agreeable part of the
coun•ry, adapted for the Accommodation of a Gentleman's
Family of Distinction, with numerous domestic offices,
coach-houses, stables, &c. Capital garden', pleasure-
ground", shrubberies, hot-house, green-house, &c.
Land may be had if required.

To be ♦iewed by tickets, which, with particulars, may
be had of Mr. Reid, No. 170, Regent-street.

NORFOLK.

Capital Investment ; Manor, Farms, tcc., abounding with
Game.
TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,
By Mr. REID,
Son-in-Law and Succes-or to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,
(Of Warwick House, Regent-street,)

Valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE;
Divided into Compact Farms, containing nearly

TWO THOUSAND ACRES
Of capital Meadow, Arable, and small part Wood Land,
recently Let to responsible Tenants, at Moderate Rents, on
Lease, with good Farm-houses, and all requisite Outbuild-
ings, in capital repair. Also, a capital Manor, abounding
with Game, extending over upwards of
THREE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED ACRES,
with Fines, Quit Rents, &c., situate contiguous to a
capital Market Town, within about 15 miles of the Sea-
port Town of Lynn, and 20 from the City of Norwich.
Particulars may be had of Mr. Reid, No. 170, Regent-
street.

DELIGHTFUL RESIDENCE, Five Mike West of

London.
TO BE LET, FURNISHED,
BY MR. REID,

Son-in-law and Successor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,

(0i Warwick House, Regent-street,)
ADELIGHTFUL RESIDENCE, hand-
somely Furnished and elegantly fitted up, seated in
its own Grounds, on an wminence commanding delightful
views ; adapted for the accommodation of a Family of the
first distinction; with convenient offices, pleasure-eroundi,
capital walled garden, fully stocked, cropped, and planted,
hot house, melon ground, conservatory, coach house,
stable, sad meadow land, &c. . .

. ,
To be ♦iewed by tickets, which, with particulars, may
be had of Mr. Reid, No. 170, Reeent.street.

MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM FOR FILLING
IIE-
CAYED TEETH, without Heat or Pressure, and IN-
CORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL TEETH, without
Wires or other Ligatures.

♦. '-.f '.

DR. LARDNER'S CABINET CYCLOPIEDIA.
In Monthly Volumes, small Bvo. 6s. in cloth.
Just put.lished, forming Vol. XLII. of the above, Vol. 11. of
MANUFACTURES IN IRON AND
STEEL.

Publi,he 1 April 1,
HISTORY of the CHURCH, (in 2 Vols.) Vol. I.
By the Rev. HENRY STEBBING, M.A.
Volumes in immediate preparation.
TREATISE on ASTRONOMY. By Sir JOHN
HERSCHEL. (June 1.)
HISTORY of IRELAND. By THOMAS MOORE,
Esq. Vol. I.
London Longman and Co., and Jan Taylor.

THE MAY NUMBER OF

THE NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE,
Edited by E. L. BULWER, E4q.,

Author of " Pelham," " Eugene Aram," &e,.

Will comprise, among other interesting Papers,
A Letter to Lord Althorp on the Budget, from a Ten
Pound Houqeholiter—Tne Gentleman in search of an In-
vestment—Expose of the Royal Academy—Sir Jonah
Barrington's History of the Irish Union—Army Refit m
Anecdotes and trait. 4 relative to the last Polish Revolution

—Letter ',meeting the State of the Manufacturing Po,ir
—Shelley's Exp., in front Oxford—The Italian Gentle-
m fn, a Tale—Monthly Comment try on Men and Thing,—
Sir Henry Parnell—The Pr ss Power, &e., with the
usual Varieties in Art, Science, Critieistn, &c.

Published for H. Colburn by R. Bentley, New Burling.
ton street.

LONDON MARKETS.

PRICE OF BREAD.

The highest price of Bread in the Metropolis is mod, for the
fib. Loaf. There are others who sell from %d. to lid. btlow
that price.

PRICE OF SEEDS.-April 29,

New English Rea Clover Seed (per Cwt.) 383. 545. fine 60s. 70s.
Old Ditto Ditto. . —s. —s. fine —s, —s.
New Foreign Ditt0.................„ —s. 50s fine 603. 66s
Old Ditto . —s. 48s. fine —s. 606.
New White Clover-- - - 403. 565. fine 60s. 681.
Old Ditto Ditto —s. 455. fine —s. 60i.
New Trefoil
31d Ditto .......... —s. —s. fine —s —s.
Rib Grass --, . _ . 16s. 20s. fine 225. 265.
English Carraway Seed —s. —s. 70s. fine 745.
F,,reign Ditto . —s. —s. 70s. fine 735.
Coriander ---...—... ........ —s. 12s. fine —s. 14s

In Bvo., with Plats and Wood Coti, ISN. cloth,

INI RODUCTION TO BOTANY.
By JOHN LINDLEY, Esq. F.R.S. L.S. and G.S.
Profe+sor of Botany in the University of London, &c.
London : Longm in, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and Co.
By the same Author,
_ _ _

INTRODUCTION to the Natural System of BO-
TANY. 129.
SYNOPSIS of the BRITISH FLORA. 109. 6d.
OUTLINE of the FIRST PRINCIPLES of BO-
TANY. 39.
OUTLINE of the FIRST PRINCIPLES of HOR-
TICULTURE. 29.
GUIDE to the ORCHARD and KITCHEN GAR-
DEN. By G. LINDLEY, C.DI. H.S. Edited by
J. LINDLEY. 16s.

St. Foin , ..(per Quarter)—.............. 465. 48s. fine 50s. 545.
Rye Grass
Pacey Ditto
Linseed, for feeding . —s. 50s. fine —s. 565.
Ditto, for crushing _ . 445. 525. —s. fine —s.
Canary Seed, New —s. —s. 60s fine 658.
. 'aim Old --....—,..w.......—............ —s. —s. —s, fine —s.
White Mustard Seed—(per 8u5he1)....... —s. Ps. 10s. fine —s.
Brown Ditto .
Turnip Seeds, Rounds.--.... . —s. —s. 18s. fine 20s.
Green and Red Ditto
Tares, Old , —s. 4s. fine ss. Od.
a tto New —B. ss. fine 6s. Od.
Rai,eSeed, English, tine (per Last) 241. 261. ..,..,..,.. Foreign 231. 25,

Kent Pockets
Syssex Ditto
Fesex Ditto -
Fairtiam Ditto, Fine
Seconds
Kent

ram:Es 01. Hors —April 29.
5/ 12, 7/ 104. to 9'. Os.
51 ss. 61. 6s. to 6/. 153.
1. Os. 01. 0.. to 01. os.
01. Os. 121. Os. to 131 Os.
01. Os. 10! 10s to 11/ 113.
51 10s. 71. Os to 71. 10s.
01. Os. 01. Os. to 01. Os.
01. Os 01. OF_ to 0/. 06
ettlCt., OF ULL._ _

Sussex Ditto
F.ssex Ditto,

Rape Oil, brown O. Refined 0
Linseed Oil :26 0
Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, per thousand 10 10
Rape Cake, per ton 5 0

New E lition, in 2 vols. Bvo., with fine Portrait, Maps
&c., revised and corrected, with additions,
QIR DAVID BAIRD'S LIFE.
L By THEODORE HOOK, Esq.
Will rank with the best biographies extant."—United Ser.
vice Journal.
" A most excellent piece of biography; the events and inci-
dents of Baird's various aid bi illiant 'career are clearly laid
down, and the conduct of the Ea-t India Company is well and
impartially characte,ized."—Metropolitan Magazine.
Richard Bewley, New Burlington-street.
(Successor to Henry Colburn.)

eiticEUb poT 1
Kidneys 3/. 10s. to 41. Os. per ton.
Scotch W. 15s. to 31. ss. ditto.
Marsh Champions 3/. 10s. to 41. Os. ditto.
Oxnohles and Shaws 2/. 10s. to 31. Os. ditto.

Will 1 t.t ti A r 1.1. ti A 1 oA It il,t, I.—April 20.
Hay ---- Od. to EOi. Od. I Clover -.......636 od. to 1006. Od.
'246 Od. to 30..

rttit.r.N W. Lh.A.LHEtt.
Per lb. rt. rod. Per lb. d. to a,
Butts, Eng1i5h......... 14y. 29. English Horse Hides.. 12 16
Ditto, Foreign,.....* 14 19 Spanish Ditto ................ 18 22
Dressing Hides--........ 12 15 I'er dozen.
Ditto ........ i 3 15 Calf Skint,. 30 to 40ib. 13 19
Ditto, light ----......— Ditto ..:-........ 50 to 701 b. 16 23
Crop Hides, light..... 12 12 Ditto ..,.....70 to 801 b. 20 28
Ditt0—...........40 to 601 b 13 161 I Small Seals, Greenland 17 18
Ditto l5 18 Large ditt0........................ 12 16

SHEEP SKINS.
Best Polled --(is. Od. to Bs. Od. Half-bred 5.,...... 58. Od. to 6s. 6.1
1 Middling Polled 5 0 66 1 4 6 5 Si;

PRICE OF TALLOW
Fown Tallow 51s. 6d.
Yellow 475. Od.
White . 455. 6d.
Soap Ditto 44s. Od.
Melted 375. Od.
Ditto Rough 2ls. Od.

, SOAP, &c. per 1121 b.
Yellow Soap 625. Od
Mottled 70s. Od.
White 72.4. Od.

Graves ......
Good Dregs

16s. Od
ss. Od

Ylill'l; OF HAW kAI, per stone 01 sib.
Price of Tallow (as stated by the Tallow NI 61d.

eu►CE Of CANPLES.
The price of Store Candles, in the retail shops, is as follows:—
Candles, per doz. 7s. lid, to Bs. Od. I Moulds, per dozen—....9s.

COAL MAUI
Per Tot. s. d.

.......-• Iti 0

ET.—April 26.
Per Ton. s. d.
Walls End Helton 18 9
Walls End Lyons 16
Walls End Lamhton --- 19 0
W. E. Russell's Helton,- 18 6
Ditto Russell's Lyon's,— 16 9
Walls Elul stew art's 18 6
Walls End Adelaide 16 6
Walls'End Butter Knowl 16 0
Walls. End bordon---. 17 0
W. E South Durham ~ 16 0
Walls End Tees 17 9
16 0
Hartley
Howard'sNethertonMain 14 6
Llangennech Pemberton 20 0
Merthyr 21 0
Silks one Field and Co.— 15 3
Warde's Llanelly 18 9
Tanfield 17 6

MONSIEUR MALLAN and SONS, Sur-
geon-Dentists, No. 32, GREAT RUSSELL-
STREET, BLOOMSBURY, and 9, HALF-MOON-
STREET, PICCADILLY, grateful for the high and
extensive patronage which has so eminently distinguished
their professional exertions since their arrival in the British
Metropolis, respectfully announce to their Friends and the
Public in general, that they still continue to restore DE-
CAYED TEETH, with their celebrated MINERAL
SUCCEDANEUM, so universally recommended by the
Faculty of London and Paris. The operation of Filling
Teeth is performed in a few seconds, without the slightest
pain, heat, or pressure. They also FASTEN LOOSE
TEETH, in a manner singularly efficacious, and SUPPLY
WHOLE or PARTIAL SETS of TEETH formed of the
above INCORRODIBLE MINERAL, or of Natural Sub-
stances, without WIRE or other LlGATURES—guarsn-
teed to answer every purpose for Articulating and Masti-
cating.—Charges as in Paris.
Tile Faculty are respectfully invited to witness the suc•
cessful result of the Mineral Suc,.edaneum.
N.B. One of the above firm may be consulted Mon-
days and Thursdays, for a hot period, at Mrs. Short's,
King'i-stret, Great Yarmouth ; and the intermediate
days, at Mr. Cutchfield's, Mai ket-place, Norwich.
Chtsgeb as i:i Paris.

•
• •
.
, • ,
t'
*r.
t .
" (4• i • e i . 4 fi/
•
• it/
1-,V. •
•
k •
efff -
Zt. •
'!!1! va, ;1 4,11016 o:N
-

(PRICE In.)

lAIPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, APRIL 29.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his teat on the
woolsack a few minutes after five o'clock, he presented a
p.tition from Dorchester, for the repeal of the house and
Window taxes.

to a decision with their eyes open. Sir, with this view,
and believing that this will be the spode which will con.

du, e most to this end, it is my intention to move u

an amendment to the motion of the Hon. Baronet for
the City of London, to-morrow evening, this resolutions
which I will read now, in order that it may be placed on
the votes of the House, that Hon. Gentlemen may have

:he opportunity of considering the effect of it :—" That the

deficiency of the revenue which would be occasioned by a

The Bishop of HEREFORD presented petitions against
slavery.
Several private Bills were brought up from the Com-
mons, and read a first time.

Lord SUFFIELD presented 50 petitions for the total
and immediate extinction of slavery.
Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition from York,
against th- Local Courts Bill.
Lord SUFFIELD now rose to present a petition from
Uttoxerer on the subject of tithes. The petitioners com-
plained, first, that the greatest possible inconvenience was
inflicted upon the tithe-payers ; and, secondly, that these
tithes were not appropriated fur the religious instruction
of the people.—(Hear, hear.) His Lordship went into
a short statement of the hardships to which the pe-
titioners were subjected, and stated that though the
tithes were large, the curate was paid only 201. per annum.
The Earl of ELDON deprecated the way in which the
clergy were attacked, and tinjustly attacked, and the man-
ner in which they were opposed in the collection of their
incomes. The petitioners bought their estates subject to
the payment, and now they endeavoured to throw off that
payment. He could not see how any conscious man could
tAce such a course. He would mention also that he should
oppose vehemently the bill which he understood would
~iitirtly be introduced to them, which proposed to levy a
tax upon the income of the clergy.
The Bishop of BRISTOL defended the Dean and
Chapter of Windsor, the impropt laws of the tithes. The
tithes were leased to a Gentleman, who resided in Suffolk,
and the Dean and Chapter only received about 271., and,
until the lease was renewed, could not augment the income
of the incumbent, though perfectly aware of that hardship.
The Earl of RADNOR said, that with respect to the
frequent attacks upon the clergy, the petitioners thought
they were subjected to hardships which ought to be
remedied—they ought to present a petition, in order that
that grievance might be remedied, if possible.
Lord ROSSLYN presented petitions from Plympton,
and other piaces, for the repeal of the house and window
tax.

reduction of the tax on malt to 10s. a quarter, and by the
repesl of the taxes on houses and windows could only be
supplied by the substitution of a general tax on property

and incom e—(Leud and long confined cheering)—and
would occasi.in an extensive change in our whole finan-
cial system which would at present be inexpedient."—
(Loud cheers, and cries of "No, no.)
The Noble Lord having sat down,
Mr. SPEAKER called on Lord Althorp again.
Lord ALTHORP moved that tne whole House should
now resolve itself into a Committee of Supply. His Lord•
s,,ip said, in moving this, I feel I onght—l don't know
whether my Hon. Friend, the Member for Wolverhampton,
is present or not—but his motion has precedence of the
lion. Baronet's (the Member for the City of London), aid
I feel that I ought to, as I do, recommend my
Hon. Friend to allow the Honourable Baronet
to bring forward his motion first, because the circumstances
in which we are placed, make it in the highest degree—l
won't say expedient, but necessary—that a decision should
be come to as soon as possible.—( Hear, hear.)

Mr. WHITMORE said be bad not the least desire to
press unnecessarily hard on the N. ble Lord (Althorp)
but considering the importance of the subject, be felt that,
however reluctantly, he must place himself in competition
with the wishes of his Noble Friend, unless he was certain
of bringing it forward on some other and an early day.
Lord ALTHORP said that, looking at the present
state of circumstances, it must be exceedingly inconve•
nient if that motion were brought forward to-night; and

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented petitions
tior the better observance of the Sabbath.

that it was important that his Hon. Friend should comply
with his request to postpone it. He would to-morrow
arrange what day next week it csuld be brought forward.
Mr. WHITMORE, under those circumstances, would
agree to postpone his motion.
Sir W. INGILBY asked the Noble Lord what he in.

tended to do respecting the vote which the House had
come to last Friday night? He could assure the House
th a he had not brought forward his motion with any
view of embarrassing Ministers.—(Hear, and laughter.)
The resolution having been carried by a majority, the
manner in which the Noble Lord kad taken it up had
gone through the country, and the country expected that
the measure would be carried into effect.—(Hear, hear.)
He asked if it was the intention of the Noble Lord to
carry that resolution into effect, or what it was the Noble
Lord intended to do?
Lord ALTHORP said it was only those gentlemen who

The Earl of ABERDEEN presented a petition from the
Physicians' College. Edinburgh, and from the Royal Col-
lege of Surgeons, Aberdeen, against the Apothecaries'
Act. The Noble Earl postponed his motion on the sub-
,j,ct of the French expedition to Algiers till Friday next
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented a considerable
number of petitions against slavery from Bishop's Auckland,
and other places in Durhdm.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a petition from a
parish in Sussex, compldining that in consequence of the
tithes b-ing levied in kind, the cultivation of hope had
very materially decreased.
The Bishop of CHICHESTER said be was as de-
sirous as any man that the tithes should not be taken in
kind.

The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from the
parish of Holy Trinity, in the City of Cork, protesting
against the appropri ition of the Church funds to any but
Church purposes. The people were surprised a Protestant
gentleman should propo.e to despoil a Protestant church
in the manner proposed in the Irish Church Bill ; also a
petition front the graziers, butchers, and drovers, in the
habit of attending the tair of Skipton, praying for the
better observance of the Sabbath.
A NOBLE LOAD presented a petition from Belfast,
praying fur the introduction of poor-laws into Ireland.
Earl FITZWILLIAM presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery, from Kingston upon Hull, signed by
6 000 persons, Malton, Hull, Ripon, and from places in
Northamptonshire.
The Duke of RICHMOND moved the first reading of
a Bill for establishing Labour Rate (as we understood.)
The Bishop of LONDON suggested that the second
reading should be pogponed till the report of the
Commissioners of the Poor Laws was laid before the House,
whip h was acquiesced in by the Duke of Richmond.
The LORD CHANCELLOR wished to suggest to his
Noble Friend, the Earl of ELDON, the expediency of post-
poning his motion for a Committee to inquire into the Re-
form of Chancery Bill till he (the Lord Chancellor) had an
opportunity of explaining the nature of the measure.
The E trl of EI.DON acquiesced.
Lord WESTERN presented a petition against the malt

were not so accustomed as his Hon. Friend, who could
misunderstand what he (Lord Althorp) had said on
Friday night.—(Hear.) What he did then say—at all

events what he meant to say, and what be believed he did
say in ao many words, was, that although the question
was carried by a very small majority, he would not take
advantage of another division the same evening. He felt as
other gentlemen, who had been accustomed to such matters
had always felt that he might, if he thought proper, divide

the House more than once, but he would not take the
chance of gentlemen coming in after the first division, in
order to obta'n a second division. As to what he intended
to do, he should have thought that what he bad just now
said would have rendered any explanation unnecessary.
The Marquis of CHANDOS rose to express hie deep
regret to find that there was any intention to get off the
vote of the House—(Hear, hear)—on a motion of the
greatest impottance to the country at large. The House
could not be taken by surprise by the Hon. Baronet's
(Sir William Ingilby's) motion...—(Hear, bear.) They
must have been prepared for it ; but what he moat
regretted was, that there should be any attempt
on the part of a Minister of the Crown in that Reformed
House, from which so much was expected, to set aside the
vote come to on that occasion. That Members should be
told they voted then improperly, end that he would give
them another opportunity of correcting their mistakes.--
(Hear, bear.) He begged leave to express his earnest
and sincere hope that when the question was again brought
forward, the vote would staid as at present. For himself,
he should be ashamed if he should be supposed capable of
altering his vote on that important question, so deeply
affecting the landed interest. He would rather, in.
d ed, throw up his seat than at the call of the Minister
of the Crown vote directly on the other side--(Hear.)
An How. MEMBER, whose name was unknown in the
Gallery, stated that, although he had voted in the majority
on this question, he thought there were greater interests
at stake than the mere repeal of the duty on malt. It was a
question of the interests of the institutions of the country
and the stability of the present Administration—(Hear,
and some confusion)—which he considered the only one
which could manage the affairs of the state.
Mr. TENNYSON said undoubtedly the Noble Lord
(Althorp) was best qualified to give a construction to what
he did say, or intended to say, on the previous occasion
now referred to, and although he was ready to accept
the explanation which had been given, yet, he must say
that it was uniformly circulated through the press, that
he (Lord Althorp) would, notwithstanding the smallness
of the majority, feel it to be his duty to carry the reso-
lution into effect--(Loud cries of " No, no;" " Yes, yes.'")
Gentlemen cried " No," but he should like to know
whether those who uttered them were present.—(Hear.)
Ichilst he said this in justice to himself, he was bound
also, in justice to the Noble Lord, to say that be was sa-
tisfied the Noble Lord did not mean so to express himself,
and he was ready to abide by the explanation given by
the Noble Lord himself.—(Hear.) With respect to what
Gad fel:en from the Hon. Gentleman who just sat down, he
:oust say that he did not thiLk any question of the kind
ought, in a Reformed Parliament, to affict the stability of
any Administration. The former degraded Parliaments
were more the Privy Council of the Minister than the
Representatives of the people, and, of course, when they
differed from him on any question he bad only to
resign, but at present the Ministers came down and
told them what sum was wanted, and bow he proposed to
raise it, Parliament, if it truly represented the people,
might fairly say to Ministers, and Ministers would be
bound to listen to them, " we do not wish to be taxed in
the particular way you propose, but would prefer another
way." For his own part, be sheuld be ashamed of
himself, if being ready to vote for the repeal of
the malt tax and of the house and window tax, be were
not also ready to vote for • substitute. He could not
agree with the Hon. Member for Middlesex that any
screwing could make up a six or seven millions deficiency
by savings. The utmost that could be saved from
the expenditure was one or two millions.— (Hear,
hear, hear.) He was, therefore, for one, prepared
to agree to a property tax.—(Loud cheers.) So tar from
thinking that this would be a grievance to the landed
nterest, he was certain that it would, from the general
prosperity that would be diffused throughout the country,
be the greatest boon that could be granted it.—(No, no.)
If the House rescinded that vote, the House and Window
Tax would go with it ; the old system would still go on.
—(Hear.) That could never be. He was convinced
that the House, to satisfy the country, must cotedmtheweuoanrs:doetbhr
thatlaae
complete revision of the financial system of the country.
Nothing else would satisfy the people, and no other mea-
sure could place the people of the country in a prosperous
condition.—(Hear.)
Lord (Althorn) in any dilemma,
,stnehoseisnruNdgeaosblbinrti:eht
eLit :o
resolution, appeared
saptc eeaa red to him
to be of great importance that it should be understood ge.
oerally what the Noble Lord did say at the close of Friday
yet be certainly felt
althoughbmoiug,hldrttßo:tehal ecb:mluieS
iaeavjlocNreitwyihnhawadtpa
he should not oppose it, one or the other.—(Hear, hear,
laughter, and cries of " No, no.") He should like to
ask the House in what situation they should be to-mor-
row, when the Noble Lord came down and proposed the
resolution of which he bad given notice. He did not
complain of that resolution, he thought it right to put
the question on its right issue, but he agreed with
the Honourable Member who had spoken last, tilt!t
t was extremely impolitic for Members
the
omecanlet
far reducing a taxation without supplying °
those reductions.t
from some other source of supplying;.__nt Bourse;
He was glad that Ministers had taken
what the
Hons
it was right the country should know I
beat. 6." Government and the House
would wish to put to the
wwoasuldabgTfarand to
h ich die
the situation in House would be placed
adopting the resolution the Noble Lord in.
teach,' to propose to-410(19W bight, If On Jinn
be thought thetha
that
vote
po
point.—(Hear.)
to-morrow—H e arnightHe

duties, signed by 750 farmers of the county of Kent. The
Noble Lord, at the same time, presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Brentwood, praying for the immediate
abolition of negro slavery.
The Bishop of EXETER presented petitions against
slavery, from Crediton and other parts of the county of
Devon.
