rue L. • *llll.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, AUGUST 22, 1829•

The rapid and masterly movements of Genera',
DIEBITSCH give a new character of interest an!
importance to the war beyond the Balkan, for i

is now clear that if the Turks could not prevent
the passage of that " impregnable " barrier, where
one man might oppose a hundred, they have no
earthly chance on the plains of Adrianople against
the well organized legions of Russia, now flushed
with conquest, and marching forward with a
contemptuous disregard of their fugitive foes.—
We had been told for the last six months that
there was an army of 60,000 men on the plains
of Adrianople, besides the force at Bourgas—
and the " immense levies en masse" which were
hourly collecting—so immense, indeed, that they
have not yet had time or space to make their
appearance but upon paper, or in the credulous
imagination of the Faithful ! But no sooner
have the Russians crossed the Balkan—capturing
every fortress and strong hold in their way,
and
securing their communication with the coast—
than we are told the Turks are using the most
gigantic exertions to recruit their armies, while
the SLIpTAN has ordered Adrianople to be for-
tified—the outworks of ConstantinoFle to be
strengthened, and such like absurd preparations ;
all which, be it remembered, were ordered to be
done last campaign 1 The truth is that the

Turks have been all along resting too secure in
the conceit of their own strength—and the weak-
ness of their enemy. But behold the conse-
quence. The army of the Danube is almost at
the gates of Constantinople—while the army of
Asia is moving forward like the sand of the
desert—slow, but overwhelming every obstacle in
its way. The Turks have now no alternative
but submission, and if they continue stubborn
against reason, and the advice of their best friends,
why then they suffer accordingly, for they will
waken from their dreams of fatality too late.

By an arrival at Liverpool from Charleston,
we learn that the expedition destined against
Mexico had actually sailed from the Havannah
on-the sth of .Tuly. General BARRADOS has
published a ridiculous proclamation to the inha-
bitants of Mexico, which is likely to have as
much effect as the force of his arms. If any of
the 3,500 men ever escape to the Havannah, we
shall be surprised.

By the Brazil mail which arrived this morn-

ing we have received the Diario Fluminense,
from the 18th to 25th June inclusive, which is
chiefly filled with the proceedings of the two
Chambers, and Ordinances of the Government of
a local nature. The Chamber of Senators has
before it " a project of law relative to the rights
of foreigners residing in the Empire." Some of
the articles are stated to have been agreed to, and
some amendments proposed, which were to be
considered afterwards. The 12th Article was
passed in the following terms :---" The foreigner
may freely publish his opinion, being answerable
for abuses according to law." The tenor of the
other Articles is not given.
In the sitting of the 12th June, a messenger
from the Minister of Foreign Affairs announced
that his Majesty the EMPEROR had found him-
self under the necessity of giving to the Mar-
quis DE S. JOAO a commission out of the em-
pire, for the service of the State ; the Marquis
DE AIIACATY requested that no time might be
lost, as the matter was of immediate import-
ance, it was:considered on the instant, and leave
given to that Senator to go on the intended

mission.

The Chamber of Deputies has been engaged
Ln discussing a project of law relative to the Bank.
The report of the Co►nmittee of the Constitu-

Lion on the conduct of the Minister of Justice,
with respect to the affair at Pernambuco, had
given rise to a long debate in the Chamber of
Deputies on the 11th and 12th June, on which
days Senors MARIA and CLEMENTE PEREIRA
spoke at great length in favour of the report.—
The conclusion is not given, as the proceedings
of the Chamber are not brought down later than
the 12th.

A correspondent in the Times of yesterday,

if his information be correct, throws a very new
and important light on the causes which led to
the sudden change in the French Ministry.
That cause is stated to have no connection with

the policy of England, or with the European
s3stem of politics. But the motive is singular,
and connected with the bigotry of the Tuileries.
If so—if we may credit the fact that the King of
France, acting under the influence of the High
Church Party, has dismissed his Ministers, be-
cause they resisted the domineering and intolerant
spirit of the new POPE—we think his MAJESTY
has so far compromised the stability of the House
of Bourbon on the throne of France. His Most
Christian MAJESTY should recollect—and the
voice of adversity has no such soothing balsam for
the mind—his MAJESTY should strive to recollect
some fragments of his earlier life—what it was
that debarred him and his family from the joys
of sovereign dominion, and that the folly which
had once misled the erring flock, might mislead
it again beyond the power of redemption. The

ifluence of the Priests first impoverished, and

then widowed France. From one extreme her
people rushed to another—from slavery, they
plunged into barbarism, bloody and as unrelenting
as the evil genius of their ghostly confessors.
What has been the consequence ?—Let the de-
molished throne of bigotry—the precarious dy-
nasty of the Bourbons answer. Surely the
Bourbons have paid too dearly—have suffered
too keenly already—to listen again to the insidious
whispers of implacable confessors—men, whose
sole aim it is to obtain dominion, at whatever
sacrifice, to their deluded victims. If the new
French Ministry has actually crept into power in
the manner here described, their continuance in
office will be as brief as their accession has been
disgraceful
C 4 The new Pope, on his instalment to the
chair of St. Peter, issued a Bull, according to
usage, addressed to the Catholic Church, but in
his communication with France he accompanied
it with a circular (lettre encyclique), sent to the
Bishops and Archbishops of France. This Bull
and this letter, worthy of the dark ages, repeated
the anethemas against every religious sect which
the spread of knowledge has established, con-
demning every liberal institution, and expressing,
a hatred of constitutional and popular govern-
ment. The French Ministry could not autho-
rize the publication of this Bull but with the
usual reserve of protesting against whatever it
contained hostile to the Gallican church, and
contrary to the laws of the State. As to the
letter, which was more violent than the Bull,
they could not permit its publication and circu-
lation ; and both the Council of State as well
as the Ministry condemned it in the strongest
French
terms. This conduct on the part of the

Government excited the anger of the high
church party, who, infuriated, sought the King,
and represented to him that such conduct was an
attack upon religion itself,—an insult to the
Pope ;—that the Ministers thereby had placed
themselves under the interdict of the Pope, and
must be considered as excommunicated ; and that
consequently his Majesty could have no further
intercourse with them. The King, alarmed and
overcome by these menaces which were strength-
ened by the solicitations and loud complaints of
the whole ultra party, was induced to consent to
the immediate dismissal of the French Adminis-
tration, and at once he sent for Prince Polignac
to give him his orders for the formation of a new
one. The order was instantly obeyed. Without
any previous communication Messrs. Portalis
and Bourdeau were sent for to St. Cloud. On
their arrival, the King announced to the former,
that he desired to appoint him First President of
the Court of Cassation, and as this charge was
incompatible with that of Minister for Foreign
Affairs, he expected that he would resign that
office. M. Portalis at once assented, with a low
reverence ; and M. Bourdeau, as Garde des
Sceaux, without any observation being made to
him, was ordered to sign the ordinance appoint-
ing Prince Polignac Minister for Foreign Affairs.
These Ministers were thunderstruck at the com-
mand, and immediately after the signature of M.
Bourdeau was given, they were dismissed from
the Royal presence.
" Monsieur Bourdeaux, on his return to
Paris, waited on Monsieur Martignac, and re-
ported to him this extraordinary and unexpected
occurrence, to which Monsieur Martignac at
first would give no credence, considering the re-
lation to be a fiction, and was only convinced
by Monsieur Bourdeaux's assurance of his hav-
ing himself signed the ordinance.
" These two personages now wart on Mons.
le Roi, whose astonishment was equal to their
own, but who soon after received an official note
from Prince Polignac, announcing the change of
Ministry.
" The new Cabinet was so hastily formed,
that only three of the Ministers, named Polig-
nac, Bourmont, and La Bourdonnaye, had any
knowledge of the King's intentions ; the others
were appointed in total ignorance of the affair,
and absent from Paris. Thus was formed an
Administration which may lead to the most
frightful consequences."

We direct attention to a letter copied from the
Morning Herald, touching the Margate " hum-
bug" meeting of Wednesday last, at which every
thing was misrepresented, and nothing fairly told,
but that the number of visitors had most mate-
rially fallen off—a loss, for which the good people
of Margate have only to thank the extortionate
imposition of the Pier-dues. Just think of 78,000
people in one season paying two shillings each
for landing, and two shillings more for embarking
from that precious pier !

It is amusing to witness the squabblings that
are now daily taking place among our Morning
and Evening cotemporaries. In the absence of
more important matters—his Grace of NEW-
CASTLE having after a lengthened fall reached
his proper level, and Mr. SADLER'S eloquence,

like Mr. ex-Sheriff PARKINS'S Exchequer Bills
being at a discount—they set-to and worry each
other to pieces, after the fashion of the Irish
cats, who, blest with memorable appetites, ate
each other up with a zeal respectable from its
rarity. In the first place, we have the Morning
Journal rating the Courier for its venality ;
secondly, the Courier accusing the Morning
Journal of falsehood ; and thirdly, the Morn-
ing Post charging both with impudence—a
novel accusation, and one singularly inapplicable
to the Press. Meantime, while these enter.
tainments are going forward, the allies of both
parties enter the field, and from the very nature
of things, take an active part in the contest. It
is impossible for an Englishman to witness a
fight, and not feel a strong desire to give his
neighbour a black eye. It is an amiable weakness ;
and accordingly the Standard, smit with the preva-
lent pugnacity, hastens to join the belligerents,
doubling up the Post, flooring the Courier,
and even venturing to square at the Journal,
with the most good-humoured indifference
possible. To increase the confusion, the very
Sunday Papers themselves enter the lists, one
of which, discovering that all otheer charges
are exhausted, accuses the Editors of the Cou-
rier of lunching off paving-stones, and washing
them down with pots of beer, angled for out
of a three pair of stairs window, thereby de-
ducing, with a logic worthy of St. Luke's,
their incompetency to edit the Journal in ques-
tion ! Of a verity, these literary squabblings
redound greatly to the honour of the Press !
They prove its possession of a more than human
sagacity, especially as they occur at a period
when the most momentous events are on the
work throughout Europe—when France has
changed its administration ; when England, ac-
cording to our cotemporaries' own accounts,
is in embarrassed circumstances ; and when the
present aspect of affairs in the East bids fair, at
no very distant period, to change the destinies of
the world.

Governor of the
embarkedformeriy at Odessa, for the
According to private letters from Bucharest,
Generalpi.incij)aiiPtiAes}LhEarrd,
purpose of opening negotiations with the GRAND
VIZIER.

According to private advices from Mexico, it
was expected there that the Spanish expedition
would not act against the province of Yucatan,
but against the city of Vera Cruz in the first
instance. It is added that the Castle of San
