GERMAN AND BRUSSELS PAPERS.

V/FNNA, AUG. 22.—The Imperial Court has re-
sided siilce Wednesday at Schoeubrunn ; but the
communication is entirely free,and remains so, unless
the cholera should manifest itself here. Since
some suspicious cases in the middle of last week,
which were immediately investigated by the hu-
thoritirs and satisfactorily accounted for, there have
indeed been reports of similar cases, which, hOw-
ever, are common every year, and especially at this
season, when the changes of the temperature are
so frequent. In general the state of this capital is

satisfactory.
News has lately been received from Zara of the
death of Lieutenant Field-Marshal Baron Von To-
masiel, Commander-in-Chief in Dalmatia. From
Hungary we have melancholy accounts of dreadful
excesses in some counties: a band of wretches of
the lower class are authors of therm, and, besides
robberies, have also murdered some persons. :At
the request of the other inhabitants for assistance,
his Majesty the Emperor has ordered a military
force to proceed immediately by forced marches to
restore order in the counties in question. Among
the troops ordered for this purpose, is the division
Bertholet, now stationed in Gallicia.
Letters from Cracow of the 17th say, that very
small bodies of the Landaturm can be collected, and
that General Rosyzki, who is appointed to organize
it, is reported in letters from Kielce hardly to have
got together 4,000 men, instead of 30,000. The
peasants, who are for the most part bung with the
harvest, refuse in many places to obey the summons.
It is said that, there is in Warsaw a strong party in

favour of negociation, and many believe it will prevail
According to the most recent accounts from Bu-
charest, the cholera was rather abating.
PESTI!, AUG. 17.—The cholera is gradually abat-
ing here, and the number of deaths yesterday was
only between fifteen and twenty; but other malig-
nant disorders, especially nervous fevers, carry off
many persons. Private accounts also say, that a
malignant typhus prevails in the county of Neagrod.
Our trade suffers severely, and great loss will be
caused by not holding the annual fair, which should
begin next week. The accounts from the county of
Zamplin are better; many of the riotous peasants
are said to have been reduced to order by the mili-
tary, and the noblemen whom they arrested are re-
stored to liberty.
VIENNA, AUG. 22.—Five per Cent. Metall:ques,
78; Bank Sharee,:926.—AllgenreineZeilung,Aug.9.7.
BRUSSELS, .AUG. 31.—Marshal Gerard and Gt.-
Dere] Belliard dined with the K;ng yesterday ; the
former will return to-day, with his Aide-de-Camp,
to his head-quarters at Nivelles.
M. Latour Maubourg will shortly return to
France.
It is said that the Minister of War expects to
be able to present to us, by the Ist of October, an
army of 50,000 men at the least,perfectly organized,
and ready to take the field.
at M.the Lfierbs
teabualhaving s
proclaimedob •ained te hdep
majoritydeputy
yfor otfhvodtiess-
trict of Biussels. At the second ballot the msjori!Y
was in favour of Messrs. Coghen, Lefebre, Bour-
geois, Felix de Merode, Barthelemy, and Rouffe.
M. F. de Merode has also been chosen at Nivelles.
M. Surlet de Chokier and M. de Mean are chosen
Senators at Liege; M. Lebeau is also chosen Deputy
at Buy. Among the other Deputies whose election
is known are Mes,rs. Blargnies and Alexander Gen-
dcbien, for Mons; Gerard Legrelle,' Osy, Ver-
derssen, and Dewail Vermoelen, for Antwerp (M.
Rogier failed here); Paul Devaux and M. de Meu-
lenaere, for Bruges; Alexander Rodenbach, for
Roulers, &c.
GHENT, AUG. 30.—The day before yesterday
some young people endeavowred to create a distur-
bance during the sermon in the church of St. Peter,
but they were turned out. Yesterday, a wretch be-
ginning, in a loud voice, to blaspheme the Virgin
Mary, was seized by some of the faithful, and driven
from the church. A crowd assembled, and were so
incensed at this insult to their faith, that they fell on
the individual, and would probably have killed him
had not a police-officer got him into a neighbouring
inn : but as the fun, of the mob was still dreaded,
he was confined in the barrack of St. Peter, where
he will wait till justice shall proceed against him.
The troops fought with each other yesterday at
Z-lzaett. We do not know the cause of the quarrel
which led them to commit those excesses.
A letter from General Tabor to General Chasse
complains, and notwithstanding the assurance of
General Chasse, that the navigation of the Upper
Scheldt would not be impeded, sixteen vessels from
the interior, none of them going on long voyages:
are stopped at Burcht. "It is also very strange,'
says the General,' that Admiral Gobius,command-
lug the Dutch squadron, suffers all Belgian vessels
to ascend the Scheldt, and yet they are stopped by
the commander of the Dutch naval force at the Pipe
de Tabac." This letter is dated Antwerp, Aug. 20.
A letter dated from the citadel, August 28,
written by Lieutenant Rupsrtitis, by order of Ge-
neral Chasse, announces that Fort St. Marie and
the Pipe de Tabac are going to be evacuated, of
which he informs General Tabor, that the move-
ment which may be observed at those forts may
not give rise to any conjectures of a different nature.
lie also states, that the fort of the Milkhuia will
not be occupied.
ANTWERP, AUG. 30.—The journals give long
articles on a pretended misunderstanding between
England and France. We do not hesitate to uffirm
.hat these two Cabinets have never ceased to agree,
and that there is no appearance of war, either par-
tial or general.
Engineers have been surveying the mouth of the
Ruppel opposite to Ruppelmonde. Ni e do„ not
know whether that port is to be fortified. Three
boats were unloaded this morning at the citadel.
One was laden with hay, another brought an im-
mense quantity of linen.---; ems Is Pare!sitept. I.
MA ECII OF I NTE .•, , —,.
.4.
~ Ilg
r ----1:- ', 3 -.4'..,,, mar,
i, neigh
-
boar, quotation from the Lo ~.,....
..•!,
„...,
.: - _ ...;. ti, respect-
s
ing the CMINUUIptIon of OR o , he tta bbrevtattnn,
London .Lit. Gaz. Up A the meaning of neiga-
boar, he replied, it rotas -i: t6London is lit wit Os.
• 4014,16 "44,3)4'4. -

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

(From the Times.)

PARIS, SATURDAY EVENING.

"f Lc utmost anxiety still prevails here upon the fate of
"Warsaw, The latest accounts received by the Government
merely relate to the preparations of the Russian army for
the investment of the ill-fated capital at each side of the
Vistula. The heavy battering train of the invading army
had been brought up on the 17th, but strong hopes were
then entertained that the city would be surrendered by ca-
pitulation. The Russian commander bits already bad se•
veral communications with the Polish authorities: he re-
quires, it is said, a surrender at discretion, teat pledges
himself that afterwards the Emperor will treat the Poles
with the greatest magnanimity ; intanwhile the cholera is
spreading far and wide, but it has not, as was yePtetday
repeated, reached Vienna. It is, however, its the imme-
diate neighbourhood, and the Austrian capital can hardly
hope to escape from its impending visitation.
Some anxiety also prevails here respecting the conflict-
ing opinions of France and England upon the sEtiirs of
Belgium, but y©u have been misinformed ex to the amount
of the French force which crossed the frontier. I hive
seen the official returns at the War-office. Marshal Ge-
rard never had, on this occasion, under his command more
than 45,600 men ; of these 28,700 are now actually re-
trograding. The occupation in Belgium of the remainder
will, as I have more than once written, be determined,
not by the will of France alone, not by the desire of King
Leopold alone, but by the concurrent decision of the
Powers now in conference in London.

The report of the Commies-son appointed te consider
the proposition of the Government relative to the Peerage,
will be ready for presentation to the Chamber of Deputies
about Tuesday next ; it is M. Beranger, not M. Guiset,
who is employed in preparing it. In the Commission, I
understand there was no difference whatever upon the
abolition of the hereditary principle, nor upon that of
leaving the King entirely unfettered as to the nomination
of new Peers, but that some discussion is still carrying
on upon the omission of the phrase in the Ministerial pro-
ject, which indicates that the Bill is only provisional
there is, if I am rightly informed, a strong feeling in the
Commission, that the Bill should have a permanent, not a
temporary character. Little doubt is entertained, except
by men of extreme and violent opinions, that the Ministers
will carry their measure through the Chamber of Depu-
ties ; but the Pees are very angry, and threaten to dis-
appear when their turn for discussing it shall arrive, so
that there will not be a " House" It ft for debate. The
Ministers will, no doubt, eventually be able to manage the
Grand Referendaire (Semonville), and lie will be adroit
enough to coax a sufficient attendance to finish this legis
lative work. I have heard that a Noble Lord, ti
Member of his Majesty's Government, has lately
written a letter to a correspondent in Paris, complain-
ing very strongly of the speech of M. Casimir Perini,
when lately presenting the Peerage project, on the
ground of the minister's admission that he wag in-
troducing a law which was nevertheless without
his own consent. This letter has been imprudently
shown, and is said to have given offence. As tar as ap-
I earances go, the Government here are anxious to stand
well with the British Government, and I know of no fact
to doubt the sincerity of their manifestations. Most
people -
wish the two Administrations of France and Eng-
land, as at present constituted, should remain in power,
because they afford a better guarantee for the continuance
of peace, than their probable successors (in the event of
resignation) would it is thought furnish. There is. and
always will be, perhaps, a strong party in France with
anti-English feelings : this party is now at work explod-
ing through portions of the Press. You will see curious
instances of this spirit in a few of the Journals of this
day and yesterday, full of ludicrous insinuations and mis-
statements respecting the English Papers : they are worked
up in every variety of form, but in no instance do they ap-
pear to possess a particle of real information respecting
their British contemporaries.

There has been, I understand, a curious investigation
for some time carrit.si on by the French Treasury, respect-
ing claims of the different members of the Buoaaparte fa-
mily, for property illegally withheld from them by the
Bourbon dynasty. Savory, Duke of Rovigo, has of late
represented the Buonapartes in these solicitations; and
they tell me that it has been clearly shown that Louis
XVIII. and his brother did actually lay violent hand.
upon various kinds of property of this kind to the value of
43,000,000 of francs. That the justice of the reclama-
Cons nf the Buonapartes bas been at length admitted by
the French Government, but that as there are no funds
out of which such sums can be defrayed, there must be
time, and opportunity, and management, to make such
claims available. This and a thousand other occurrences
throw a strong light upon the monstrous extravagance
which reigned hi the old Bourbon Court, and nevertheless
the two principal Princes quitted their thrones, leaving un-
paid debts, some of them exclusively of a personal nature,
which evinced a heartlessness and want of principle rarely
to be found even in the catalogue of Royal vices.
Nothing has occurred this day (Saturday) in the
Chamber of Deputies worth mentioning, except a call by
the Minister d'Argout, for a credit of 1 000,100 francs,
to aid the sanatory cordon which France maintains against
the apF roach of the cholera morbus. Notwithstanding all
the remonstrances which have been made, it is now finally
determined that the Frankfurt fair shall be held as usual.
The contacion will thereby have another chance of shedding
its wings over countries hitherto free from their baneful
shadow. Y.

(From Galignani's Messenger.)

" The Aruremberg Correspondent g:ves the following
under date of Berlin, Aug. 23 The following is the
information we have been able to collect as to the logo-
ciations said to be going on between the Russians and the
Pales. Pasketvitsch requires that Warsiw •hall surrender
at discretion. Ile engages his honour to obtain from the
mignanimity of the Emperor a grant of every just de-
mand. A general amnesty is to he published. Although
many people at Warsaw are inclined to accept these con-
ditions, no man has been found of sufficient courage to
declare their acceptance in the name of the whole nation,
I,r every one fears the fate of General Gielgud, the popu-
lar party being in the highest state of excitement, The
greater part have declared their resolution to die rath, r
than submit to slavery, or a lengthened captivity in Russia
or Siberia. The majority of the National Government
entertains the same sentiments, therefore we must expect
shortly a sanguinary and decisive battle under the walls of
Warsaw.'

" According to the Swabian Mercury, the cordon
astablished by Prussia along the Oder against the cholera
morbus occupies 128,000 men, the expence of which
amounts to 50,000 crowns a day.
" Notwithstanding the fears created by the approach of
the cholera, the Saxon Government has decided that the
Leipsic fair shall be held this year as usual.
" The President of the Council lately stated in the
Chants er oc Deputies, that 860,000 musket- had been de-
livered to the National Guards since the events of July,
1830. 'Two pages of the Maniteur are occupied with a
detailed account of the distribution of these arms ; from
which it appears, that they amounted to 860,151 muskets,
2,879 pair of pistols, 216,038 sabres, 2,073 lances, and
500 pieces of artillery. The muskets were thus divided :
—To the nine departments of the north, 131,735 ; to
the twelve eastern departments, 158,271 ; to the six of
the Alps, 71,777 ; to the seven of the Pyrenees, 56,476 ;
and to the fifty-first interior depattments, 438,892.
The artillery was thus divided :—Amongst the thirty_four
frontier departments, 269 pieces, and the fifty-one of the
interior, 231.
" it appears that the plan of removing the invalids to
Versailles is abandoned, as, not only would the conversion
of the palace into an hospital be attended with an enor-
mous expence, but it is considered that the country round
it being marshy, it would be injurious to the health of the
veterans from the fogs that prevail.
" It is said to be in contemplation to establish lines of
telegraphs between Paris and all the other principal com-
mercial towns of France, for the purpose of transmitting
commercial and other private intelligence. According to
the prospectus, it appears that communications may be
conveyed at the rate•of from nine to twelve leagues in a
minute ; and that the expense of sending a despatch to a
distance of 100 leagues would not exceed fifteen francs.
The first line is to be from Paris to Rouen and Havre.
".lt. Paulin, responsible editor of the National, has
been summoned to appear before the tribunal of Correc-
tional Police at Limoges, by 111. Torres Pordluett, a
Spanish refugee, for defamation in an article published it,
that journal, accusing him of having puichaaed muskets on
account of General Mina, and then sent them to the Carlist
emigrants in Spain.
" We have already announced that the responsible editor
of the Gazette de Languedoc has been condemned to six
:
months' imprisonment and a fine of -oOf . for publishing a
fable entitled, Le Roue et le Wnard/ °" M3.t.re in et
f
son Compere,' as being an offence against the pe ,
the King.' The editor of the Gazette de Nivernws, 11)
also gave' the fable in his journal, has since been condemned,
and though the offence cannot be considered precisely the

ROYAL CLARENCE GLASS VASE,
Value 10,000 Guineas.
On Pedestal, stands 14 feet—holds S pipes of wine—weighs 8 tons.
EXHIBITING AT THE QUEEN'S BAZAAR,

OXFOHMSTREET.—A6MITTANCE Is.

Deference to profound and acknowledged taste was, per-
haps, never more manifest, than has ken evinced by nume-
rous visitors, who have purposely attended the Exhibition,
in consequence of seeing in the public prints Mr. Beckford's
high testimonial in favour of the Vase, anti which opinion
has been very handsomely noticed by a portion of the Press.
The astonished approbation expressed by all—accom-
panied by sentiments of regret at not knowing earlier that
London possessed such a magnificently splendid Work of
Art—gives the Proprietors the fullest assurance of in-
creased attendance, as this unique specimen of Art be-
comes more generally known. The fact is, the grandeur
is such, that the VASE must be seen to be at all un-
derstood.

N.B.—Many hundred visiters, both town and pro-
vincial, have expressed a very strong desire that this
VASE should be made National Property by Voluntary
Subscription, and presented to England's patriotic King;
it being considered in every respect worthy our beloved
Monarch's acceptance.
