vi hi)

~.~

Ou:Saturday,, ti., 19th lust. at his house at Limbetb, Air'"
j
Cobbei'wite Sernard Co.e, larnenttd and re4pecte
by all wh:i knew her.
The saute day, aged 93, at the house of her niece, Mrs. CO'
lightly, on Haul k2:i.omon,. Mrs. Beteller, widcw of Viill.sat
Betehier, Esq. fori.lerly P. for the Borough of Suitt it icall'!
WATER AT LONIY..)N BRIDGE TO-.1.101t1tOW•
Morning, 17 minutes alter G. ! Evening, 32 minutes after b'

~...~

PROSPECTUS• OF A NE \V WEEKLY PAPEIt,

"TO DE CALLED •
THE NOTTINGHAM GAZETTE;

Oa, f
POLITICAL, LITER.VitY, AGRICPLTIJRAL, and CO'

AIERCIACKEisiISTER, for the MiDLANI, GOONTIES.
IN requesting the attention of the Public to 3
new weekly Paper, we- feel-ourselves bound in duty
state distinctly the reasons which induce us tu engage iu
_undertiiking ; the principles upon which we propose to cor
duet it; and the .neans that we possess to render it de...2cs
the Patronage which We. presume to solicit.---.PrAcs,ions
public principles, we are sensible, have been so .frequesit'Y
employed to disguise schemes of private interest, that
_should.diSdain Co make them., were we not conscious of coir
sincerity ; and willing, that our subsequent coadact shottlu'
at all times, be compared with our present declarations. 1/.'
have seen, with-deep regret, the attempts which base- be'
made in many parts of the empire; -and, espe.:jany, is tati
and some of the neighbouring Counties, by means of tho
powerful engine the public Press, to excite popular discoir
tent; to depreciate the Blessings which we enjoy ; to fabr.'
vitt, imaginary grievances; mid to introduce-false but }Tanya"
blctheories,as destructive of individual happiness,. as they tat
suoversive of public tranquility. In a word, we have sce,°,
every expedient, that the most mischievous ingenuity com 4
devise, employed to infuse poison into the public mind, to ex'
cite a general spirit of insubordination, and, under the pre
text of refocusing, to destroy the vital principles of the Cor.
Stitution. With a view to counteract these dangerous doe
tries,'and to defeat these pernicious machinations by a ce.,:".
did appeal to th,. good. sense of our eunntrymen,.we.yrops4
to establish the Nottingham Casette.
It is unnecessary to detail the outrages which have so io:Ig
agitated and disgraced this part of tire Country; -We toe
convinced, that they owe their origin and their progress
the malignant artifices of pretended .Patriots, who [not
availed themselves of the temporary depression which our
commerce inns experienced, to propagate discontent, and"
excite insurrection. To supply an antidote to the evil, aad
to convince our deluded Countrymen, that such conduct teno,
not only to sap the foundations of civilized society, but
feusfrate the purposes which they profess to pursue; we 110.
venture to affirm, and shall alw.tys be prepared to maintaio*
that industry and dishonesty cannot long prosper t“getlittr;
that the same system, which leads to the Inlander of- tb',
opulent, must deprive the poor, both of tite sources a!:d
the fruits of their labour ; and, that the isappits of Doll'
-vit.luals, as well as• the welfare of the State, equally deper,l
upon_ obedience to the Laws, and attachment to cw
Constitution.-

Since 'Much cf the mischief which_ we deplore !:;,;
caused by the abuse of the public Press, we-Patter otu
'that, by the legitimate use of the same instreet,t, we
be-able to cuntrionteessentiatly to tl,e correction of the
We Anil, thtirefore, omit no oppcit„ielzy of
the uutunuded assertions, ot exPosing the ielsre.pre•.,•,;
. and of detecting the sophistrylif these wh9.tiave
boured to mi:•._,lcad awl to iii:i•yett the 1:
of the _e.,>pl,n7;
We Profess ourselves to oe sincerely am! to miterably:attirh.°
to the genuine ;principles o; the British Constitution,
in Church and State; erateful Li- the.
its indnenee, we enjoy, and determined 'to. deiend it, to
utmost of our pwer, against the open atta.cks•of foeeign,
the secret machinations of domestic, encores. count
/contemplate, :without detestation, those and de'
strulitive theories, which are calculated only to.rendei teen
dissittislied with the actual good which th,y possess, and t 0
engage them in the pursuit of delusive •and unattainable
perfection, 'Our opinions are fonated, not upon speculation,
_but experience —We have seen these theories reduced I'9
practice. in a neighbouring country; and have bewailed the
• meitinclioly result.—We have seen, that whe;.::-.le mosrela"
mucous profrssers of Teal for lilserty have been. elevated to
:power by popular favour,. they. have exereised that ponce
with the most cruel and retnoe.:eless tyranny. They Were,
indeed, dreadfully impartial in, their crimes. 'l'heir
guinary ferocity wits extended indiscriminately to all clas,
of the community. .From their wealth, the 11.1:h could Jr,
rive no protection. In. their Obscurity, the Poo: 'could
Ito Safety. Such at length was the excessive and unpitraliele3.!
wretchedness, to which the advocates for speculative Ebert'
and universal equality had reduced the people of -.Franco
that they have hem compelled to close the' sangninary con-
diet by submitting to the abject slavery of military despotisin.'
To unmask the artideq, to defeat the designs, of ,factious
magogues, and to save, as far as see are able, .our country'
mutt from any similar consequences-will be &eine& our beSt.
reward. We feel no slavish attachment to any bf the great
parties in the State; but we shall give our cottlidence unit
our support to those men, who, by their conduct, prove their
zeal and devdtion to that Constitution, under which we en"
joy. so many blessings; 'and by which we ha e hitherto beet>,
preserved' safe amidst the ruin and desdlation of almost
.every other Kingdom. But, at the same time that we• defeat)
our own-opinions with firuieSs, 'we :Shall hear with candbur,
and insert with cheerfulness, the arguidents of those wtm°
differ from us, when • stated with that liberality which Ve
hope, on our pert, never to violate.. well tiie princi-
ples which we profess : and should it over be pctivitd that ice
abandon them, we shall be content to be considered as hay'
ing forfeited every claim to. political 'consistency, and to pub'
lie favour.'

flaring explained the leading principlec of our intene-cd.
Publication, we nave. wily to inentiou the- sitherdin,itc ar.-;
rangemetifs. The importance as Well as the intricacy of tire,
manufacturing interests' particularly as tni.,7 are connecte4.
with the prosperity Of the deinati.l at t!ii
critical juncture an investigation, which-we shall endeavour
conduct with moderation and fidelity. Undei the guidance,
of lneal.knowledge and pr.etical experience, we -shall define
the relative privileges ot the masters and the twirl :pen:
Arhile we suggest uteasiire,t for preventing ikt uses and fdr eca-,
eiliating reciprocal confidence, we -shall not be d Iterred fro;
exp.iiing the fallacy of groumiles,:icanplaints, or the vlt
lawless violence. flatter ourselves that by Vic early. ',To-
reign'and Domestic Intelligence WhicahlVc are enabled
tain, we shall not Only equal, bat excel our Co!..peitqra.
nevcif from the tied-ports (an article always interestin:,
Commercial Country,: will outing e out particular
gull, by our Correspondents at Liverpool, and
we shall anticipate even the Landon Papers with respect to. •
these ports. It be our study always to procure the
fullest and melt authentic information ref tive to t..e
Of Agriculture and of Commerce, and •rt certain ottr
Paper will be allotted to Philosophical and. Literary Discus-
sion. Our Renders may also rely upon finding in the Notting'
ham Gazette, the most cor:ect accounts of the proceedings of.
the Courts of Law, of the.., Transactions in our Uaiversitiect'
of Churect Preferments, of Naval and Military Promelions, oft
the Movements of Troops; of Fairs, Mu:bets, hates, as
public Amusements; in short, we shall spare neither lahoc.r,
nor expense to render our Paper worthy of the patronarc to
which we aspire. ts;e are aware, however, that the Public t.
will estimate cur merits not by our promise; but by our
performance, and by that criterion' we are content to he
judged. • .

The NOT I'INGHAI:I GAZETTE will he pnbliSlied on the
Ftits-t Dar or JANUARY, iBl3, and on every Fasn'AY throngh-
o%t the year, by Mr. Turmas, High-street, Nottingham,
where Advertisements, Orders for the Paper, acrd Letters for
the Eorron, (post paid), Fill be thankfully received ; also,
at TaYLER and NEwtoN's, 5, Warwick-square, and Mr.
WhirrE,Fleet-street, London.

Pri,..-tSixpence-half-penny, or Seven Shillings and Slxiniace
per Quarter.

:1i Moiton-street, Gros; error-square,
1111 St be addressed.. -
