FRENCH PAPERS.

. . " ALXPPO, MARCH IL
" Serious troublvs have broken out in this city ; it even seems
that the Europeans are in danger. .
"On the 21st of this month, three monks, Missionaries of the
.._. .

Holy Land, came walking within half a ntte shot of the city ;
they were insulted by a troop of Seheriffs, who were passing near
the spot, and who, from abuse, proceeded to blows, One of the
Fathers was wounded by a stone thrown at his head, nand they
would certainly have been stoned to death, had not a happy
chance brought Mr. Wiet, first Dragomen of the Consulate of
Prance to th►► spot. On the following slay several Franks were
insulted.- •

"On the 112 ii, M. Franc, a young Frenchman, clerk in the
French house of Michael Blanchard and Co., ran the greatest
danger. He was going to•the counting-house; passing before
the convent of the Capuchins, he was rudely pushed by a Sche-
riff. M. Franc, who has but lately arrived, and is of a warm
temper, spoke to hint in French, but in a very elevated tone of
voice. The Scheriff attempted to seize a knife from a butcher's
stall, but being Itindered by the proprietor, he took a stick and
rushed upon the Frenchman to strike him, :when the latter drew
• a knife from his pocket. At this sight, the Scheriff dropped
the stick, and began to cty out 'Mustelmen, help me against the
infidel who is going to kill one.' All the Seheriffs in the Bazaar
hastened to the spot, with a fanatic Sheik at their head, and
seized Al. Franc.. On all sides, as if by enchantment, the popu-
lace
rose, uttering ferocious cries; the shops.. were shut, and,the
general cry throughout the city was, ' A Frank has killed a Moe.-
selmen—un Emir.' In short a most dreadful tumult took place;
M. Franc, whom they were hurrying away, being opposite the
house of the Consul, struggled and succeeded in escaping for a
Moment, 'in order to take refuge there, but it was seven o'clock
in the- morning, the, gate wits not yet open, and the Janissaries
were not there. He then ran, into the open door of a Jew men.
chant, an Attatrian, but the populace followed, and seized him
again. While struggling, one of the Selteriffe rubbed the akin off
his baud, which was violently pressed against the wall, and cried
that M. Franc had -wounded hint with a knife. Happily, at this
moment, the life of the latter, which was at the mercy of a
furious otob, was spored. They conducted .. M. -Wane, to the
Mehkente, surrounded by above 4,000 persona, who demanded
his head.

" M. Welt being fortunately informed, sitecteded in penetrat-
ing threugh the crowd, stul mitered the Mehkeme, hearing all
round him the mast horrible vociferations and maledictions. lie
found the Cadi and hialolsolsoll struck with terror. This Magi-
strate, (who is ill-disposed towards the Franks, although M.
.Weit shewed thkarin of the Scheriff, who said he wax wounded
I;vith a knife,- but which 'demonstrated clearly, that, the scratch
4.4 u:,•/ not have. been :Caudell by a sharp instrument), sent me-
nu* AIM to the 3lntselint, to he addressed inunediately to the
Whose decision was to he, waited fur; and the report ran
among the people that only the order of the Visit' was waited for
to hang the infidel who WI .Wounded an Emir. M. Welt then
had a very happy thought:—
"While the Dee was being fOrwarded, •he ran on foot, pre-,
ceded by, some Janhentries, to the palace of the MAN where he
arrived at the same time as the Mutaelim. After he had ex.'
plained the affair, the pasha declared, aloud that it was for the
Consul to punish his countryman if he was guilty; and, to pre,
vent any excess on tin part of the populace, the Paella sent his
officer with U. Wait to convey M. Franc to the Consulate.

" In this manner a tumult was appeased, which, if the Paella
had shown the least hesitation, might have cost the, lives of all the
Eur 01141144.

"PARIS, .turrit 4.
"Prince Leopold of Sere Coburg lias arrived at Paris, where
he will htay u few 'days, and then go to visit his mother, the
Mattis of Bitae Coburg-
" Letters from Tritsite, of eittl May, hey, that a vessel from the
lonian Islands confirms the news that part of the garrison of IVlis.
*dough' het made its way through the Turks, and joined Karis
kaki. It was even said they were 1,t400 in number. They
have pined themselves at the disposal of the Cloverrinient At
Napoli.

" Letters from :tante, of 12th May, say, that 'lbrahim wait at
Maras, with 2,600 Egyptians and 1,200 Turks. Tie Cupitan
Paella's fleet palsied 'Ante on the sth, tcrivarils the Arehl.
pelago. The. Egyptian fleet remained. at Maras. Thq Misao.
lotigliitita, who had escaped, had retreated to Sik)Oli, to wore
that place against an attack from the Senator, Mrhemat Paella."
(Prom the Courier Francais.)

ANCONA, MAY 22.

Two Austrian vessels, which have arrived from Aktandria at
Leghorn, were met by a Greek privateer. They both bud cargoes
of beans, and a large mount of gold and silver in bars. One of
the aupereargoes, who was an agent of the Paella, was despoiled
and very ill treated. The other wag
,respected by the privateer,
because, tin examining the papers, it appeared that the cargo and
the sold anti silver bars were Swiss property. The privateer sid(l
to the Captain, " You see that notwithstanding our distress, we
...300 respect the property of the Swig,. We Audi never forget their
henefledi)44. We know whist they have done for unhappy
coutory, and whatever Move
,to them is sacred to the grateful
preOttg, whatever may be the flag of the ship—from whatever
Oleg, it may owe."

"~

i ~~.

GENERAL ELECTION.

To MRMBSRS, CANDIDAT" COMMITTNES, and
EL 'eTORS.--Being anxious to give the fullest and
most correct account of the Elections throughota the
Kingdom, we shall be very thankful to any Gentle
man immediately interested, to favour us by iNst or
other:vise, with the state of the Polling, and other
matters connected with the Election, in his Town or
County.

Parliameni. It now -acme to he underatocd, that Sir Thomas
BUrdon, of Jammu!, near this town, the brother4n-law of the
Earl of Eldon, and of Lord Stowell, will he put in nomination
along with the other two candidates, Sir M. W. Ridley, Bart.,
and Cuthbert Ellison, Earl. ; Sir Thomas B. is favourably known
us an able and active magistrate for Northumberland ; and he has
for many years had the command (as Lieut.-Colonel), of one of
the moat efficient corps of Yeomanry Cavalry (the South-Tyne)
in the Kingdom. The political sentiments of the worthy indivi-
dual, are what might be expected, highly loyal and constitutional.
Sir Thomas does not avow himself an opponent to either of the
other two candidates; but ho has frankly declared, that, if the
free burgesses are determined to nominate him on the hustings,
and will chow by the state of the poll, on Monday next (which
will be the third day of polling), that they are sufficiently zealous
in their support, to warrant a reasonable hope of his success, he
:will then enter the lists manfully, in deference to the wishes of the
Elector'. The first intelligence of this transpired on 'Change to-
day, and it is. unnecessary to say, caused a great sensation.
n Noni ust Be Laub agerioN.—The High Sheriff, William
Pawson, Esq. has appointed Tuesday the 20th instaur, for the
commencement of the Northumberland Election. When it will
end, it is not so easy to determine.
NoTTlNaltam, JUNE s.—The resignation of Mr. Denman, the
Common Sergeant of London, being quite unexpected, has created
a great sensation here. Mr. Birch issued a biU on Friday,. an-
nouncing his intention of again offering himself,, and.,he is ex-
pected to make his entree into Nottingham this afternoon. Lord
Ilancliffe, who formerly represented the town, tenders his services
in the place of Mr. Denman, and has this morning issued a notice,
in which he pledges himself to vote for the abolition of the corn
laws—the extinction of slavery.--the abolition:of, ainecures---re-
trenchment in the expenditiire—and above all, !' frequent Parlia-
ments, and a full and fair representation of the people in the Com-
mons House, without which reform it is in vain to expect a re-
duction of taxes." The writs were received by the sheriff yester-
day, and though it was Sunday, they were immediately proclaimed ;
the election is fixed for Thinaday next.
Tzwittsuowv.---John E. Doer&awell and John Martin,Esqrs.
canvassed their constituents on Vri.l4 and StiturdAy bust,
experienced so flattering se reception, that there is 'no doubt what,
ever' of their bring both returned.
SCA HO 0 flight Hon...tharles Manners Sutton,
Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Hon. .Lieutou4nt-
General l'hippa, the present representatives in Parliament, have
aignified to the bailiffs and corporation their intention of being at
Scarborough in a few days, for the purpose of soliciting their
Serape, to again rekesent that ancient borough in the new
Parliament. •

' SOUTHWARK.—Yeaterday evening, the friends of Sir Robert
Wilson, Mr. Weatherston in the Chair, met at the Queen's Head,
for the purpose of considering what measures would be most
effectuel to seeUrd his return at the, approaching election for the
Borough of Southwark. ' . The time appointed was. six o'clock,
but Sir Robert Wilion did not arrive till near seven. Hid sp-
pearanee was hailed with loud eheers by his friends, who had
been compelled, by want of. aceorninodation;: 'to adjourn from the
corninitte&room to the yard of the inn, Mi. -Bleekett read two
resolutions, which were to be submitted to the considerstion of
the meeting. The first was in approbation of Sir Robert Wil-
son's Parliamentary Conduct ; and the second censured the at-
tempt whittle had bees,. made to raise the malignant and in-
cendiery cry of " No Popery" in the Borough, to his preju-
dice. Sir Robert Wilson then. presented himself to the meet-
ing,. and wan received with plaudits, which were frequently re.
seated
during his , speed' : and at its conclusion, having apolo-
gized for the delay occasioned by the necessity of his personal
canvass in another quarter, lie adverted to the subject of the
two resolutions. The one wets proposed for form's sake, and
'of course did not admit of any comment : but the other point
was one of serious importance, and required due deliberation.
Though he addressed the meeting in the first person, lie‘ per-
feetly identified himself with his late colleague, Mr. Calvert, and
did not desire a seat in Parliament if the Borough was not in-
dependent enough to avoid the hermaphrodite condition of return..
ing two Members of adverse principle's. He had, sines his en-
trance into Parliament, supported reform, free representation, re'.
duetion of taxes, and had opposed monopoly of alp kinds, and par-
tieularly that worst species-....the corn laws. Ile was the enemy
of slavery in all parts of the world, and the friend of civil and re-
ligious liberty. lie was always willing to . adopt the expressed
wish of the borough of Southwark, and if he differed from the
electors on any important question, he was ready every month or
week, to resign the trust reposed in his hands. He was told that
he had been named a turncoat in some squib. Ile agreed with
Fox, that no roan but a fool would determine to continue of the
lame opinion right or wrong. If a man eltered his sentiments to
the prejudice of his fortune he was entitled to respect. He would
ask them was he under suspicionNo).--on account of hie pri-
vate interests—(No)—or from vanity?—(No.)....-'What then was
the .Mager P Because at one time he was, in fleet, the personal
himd of many of the Sovereigns of Europe, and was now pro-
eerihed, became he opposed the principles and practice of the
Holy, or rather of the Infernal Alliance. But when lie was ad-
verse to the torture system in Ireland-..,.when he contended in fa-
vour of the now Wretched Ferdinand.—when lie fought in Russia
—and when he co-operated with the Cortet—he was always con-
sistent, and adhered to the same principle which contemplated the
overthrow of bigotry and superstition. (Some violence having
been manifested ' during his address by some friends of Mr.
Polhill, the opposing candidate) Sir R. Wilson continued, and
hoped that those who favoured him would refrain from violence.
What had occurred showed the danger of the " No Popery" cry.
But what (lid it mean? Would they Call hint the friend of
the Pope ? (A laugh.) Would the Pope consider him an
ally? or would the Committee receive any contribution from
the Pepe in support of his (Sir Robert's) election? That cry
was attempted to be raised, because he had &incurred on a parti-
cular point with fititth men at Canning, the liberator of America—
with Sir Francis Burdett, the friend and fevonrite of the people
—with a Brougham, the eloquent advocate of all rights--;and
A Buxton, the zealous champion of the negro slave. If the elec.:
tors renewed the honour which:Miry before bed conferred on him,
he would adhere to the same line of conduct which, lie was proud
to sits, had already obtained their approbation: (Loud cheers.)
Resolutions having been moved by Mr.. illackett, and seconded
by Mr. Arpthorpe, who eomplimented Sir Robert Wilson on the
public spirit and propriety which distinguished his career, were
passed toomintotody.
Borough yeetertiole4 ddreiteed.' to the electors} , .
Tit" following elec lowering placard was posted throughout the
Mr. Polhill 104 0 ti ' • '
of Southwark :
me in answerior questions put to biro
by Sir "a"''),Trm" 41L4,4 etinnuittathe
iro the tem:aim that-
Mr. Pollarieeki'l.to4leptiite' you of - 'r.
of -it• Robert
%Nikon, Mr. Polhill positi*elyd • the
services
l,' ' -
eine* that he is ma—mg any per-

' "-, (Prom
_Ow Etoile, dated Monday, June 5.)
To 11111MBSRS, CANDIDAT.B.I, Comxtrms, ano
''- • , g, ST. TICTERSBURGH, lIAV 22. ~.
ELNCTORS.—Being anxious to give the fullest ono
" A new Misfortune has just befallen the Imperial Family and . ,
all Raw,. iier majesty the Emprmiviaabeth, whoveined to most correct account of the .Elections throughout (hill
have
derived from leer affliction itself supernatural strength, at ,Kingdom, toe shall be very thankfid to any Gentle-
the moment when she was called upon to receive the last breath
man immediately interested,. to favour us by post or
of the Monarch, to whom she was united by the most sacred
ties awl by the purest affection, could not longer waist thins ter- olhenvise, tvith the state 0/ the Polling, and other
rim«, shock. For above these two months, her health hail been matters connected tvith the .li„lection in his Toton or
v islbly' declining; )
, •
'ounty.
" tier Majesty had, nevertheless, set out from Taganrog for ('
Kalouga;.'rind the Empress Mother wag going to meet 'her, to .
bellow ini her the :twat tender care, when the malady suddenly Bintwlex-111'014-Twoun.---Sir Francia Blake, Bart. otw of the
increased. Being obliged to stop nut far from the town of Ka- representative% in the late Parliament, has arrived atuLaddreased
longs, the Emplasis Elizabeth died lit Beleff, on the 4th (16th) the freemen hut spirited tone. Though neither Captain Beres-
of this ThOhtli. • . . ford nor Mr. Gladstone had arrived-on the field up to Monday
" This mottniful event has plonged into the deepest affliction inorning last, no doubt was entertained of their speedy appearance,
the 'Emperor and his august family, and all his subjects. !old of a very but contA,
' " The following Proclamation. has been published on this oc- i BRISTOL—The '
,-..'' of Mr. Frotheroe have called a meet-
casion :-.- ' ' ' ing for the par ,ii, .:`,., ', 4inating that gentleman in opposition
"By the Grace of God, we, Nicholas 1., Em.peror and Auto- to Mr. Bri ~i 4,,,,,,,,. . ,
,it. Davis is considered secure.
~o',•'s- '
crat of all the Rustias, &c. &c. CIRXN - , • Apsley and Joseph Cripps, .Esq. the
(0.10,,mi, .' ~, .: - likely to be disturbed in their re-election.
" Make known to all our faithful subjects, that the Empress
Elizabeth, our beloved sister-M-law, has, by the decree of the, ',""';',:rl"lik - ' ConaTir•—The election is fixed for Friday
Most High; left this earth to pass to eternal life, on the 4th (16th i ~, , ~.'Y:,''' ''' If is exilee tad that the old meniliere, Lord Edward
~:* .., • .
of thii month, in the ISth year of her age. This afflicting suety B. W. Guise, Baronet, will be returned without , . •
took 4
,' place after a long sickness, both of mind and body, whi..;,. - . ~=-,
, : r',:.,
endedl%' in a total extinction of the vital powers, so that her , ern olouel Webb commenced his canvass here on
. yle -;'- '''q,' ~ reetived in the most friendly manner, so as
jeaty, on her way from Taganrog, was obliged to atop in t, '... ~'
, , , , -ve no don
.2/t.,** ultimate return. Mr. Cooper arrived in
town of Beleff, in the Government of Twer, where she died.
begins to canvass this day. A strong "All Russia, we are persuaded, will participate in the net, .:, FYitY "I' '', o'ia,'4;;„iii ',lOl
and will lei ':; , )'' .*.:,,, 4',''': ' ''.'.,' `' * ' a our tintch-respected fellow-citizen, John afflictien which has fallen all our Imperial Haim,
eandislate upon this oucaiiion ; but,
us in krvent prayer* for the repose of the soul of the decea , 4,, .":,,,;44v‘;;;;„..:,,,4410#40tn, e, a
Empress. ~,, , 1. ~,f...„,4,, -ii,. :-.!!..-,..' ,i leptlemen, which appeared in our last
• . .. ~ . , . . . ei .
"Given at St. Petersburg, the 9th (21st) May, in the ' . ' ~,''' , , 1',..i4!'.' '' :I:,toueciiiie that honour fOr the
1.626; the first year of our reign. , , ,
.. . . ,3,,...50n of' Captain Berkeley,
(S'igned) "NICHOLAS.' .
~
,(ricer will certainly not
treviowily nominated --,:*
.
The Duke of Ragusa, who had..eolemn audience of tl , ce on Friday next.
. ~ 4 . ' iffe Aim candidates have started
cur on the 1961, to proem his credentials, was to have . ' - I
Ow sntl'Stephenson, Esq. °Mention, banker ; Frederick Cuth-
audience of the Empress on the 20th, but the melancholy news
bort, Ran. of Grosvenor-squatli ; and Mr. Guinness, a barrister;
4,f the death dale Empress Elizabeth, cauaed tie audience to be
put off.
the latter on Sir W. Fairlie's interest, who resigns, as does also
John Lubbock. Lord Holum and Mr. Dish are here.
" It is thought that the coronation will be deferred. Sir
NICWOASTLE..OI4-TYNE, JUNE ti.-.-The Writs having been re-
" The Etnpreas-Muther arrived on the 9th of May, at Vyclini-
ceivedby the Sheriff, Proclamation was this morning made in the
Valotehok; with the Grand Duke Michael, who stopped at that
usual manner, that Friday (the 9th inst.), would be the day for
town fin. some dart, and the Emprese continued here journey ou
nominating,, fi!ifl proper persons" to represent the town in
the lOth, by way of Jwer.
