r
S

-ACCUSTOMED as. we have been to the falsehood
of the Military statements. of the French, we can
give but little credit to those which Generals
TRIN and ATURAT have- transmitted to Paiis re.:
speBing the alt.:lir which took place on the 14. th of
September, in the Island of Elba, and we think on,
the contrary, that it may have been as honourable
• ~
to our Troops as advantageous to the besieged in
Porto Ferrajo. The objet of the disembarkation.
made by Admital WARREN could not-have been to.
gain an establishment on that Island for the Troops
which he had
.diembatced, and-still lest to lodge
them all iriPorto Ferrajo, as the Garrison had shewn
itself sufficiently strong to repulse the besiegers, and
as any considerable reinforcement would have tended
to have expedited too rapidly the consumption of
Provisions. Sit j: B. WARREN could, it seems to
us, therefore, have had no other objeCt in view, than
that of 'throwing into the besieged Fortress provi.,
sions and ammunition, and perhaps, a small reinforce-
ment of Troops. This we conceive he has accom-
plished, and we found, our opinion on this subject
on the account of- the French Generals themselves.
They say, that at the same time, -
that the' English
Troops effeaed their disembarkation in several
placcs, the besieged made a sortie, and took nos_
session of a Battery 'which had prevented the Ene-
my's Shiis from coming into Port. They state after-
wards, that the English Ships took advantage of the .
moment that the Enemy became masters of one of our
Batteries, to enter the Port. It follows, the,refore,
evidently from these two quotations, that the
English Frigates and - the besieged must have'
been for several hours in communication toge-
ther, and consequently that Admiral WARR.EN
Might have sent into the place all the Troops
he could .have wished.--Thel space of six iours,
which, according to the French account' -was!
:the • duration of the Engagement, was perfealy
sufficieni for the accomplishment of this operation;
after that our Ships naturally left the port, and our
Troops rcimharied. Probably they had only been
landed in order to divert the attention of the French

to several points, and to favour the re-viClualling
of the place. --There seems, reason to believe, that
Admiral WARREN' entertained no longer any uneasi,
ness respeaing. the safety of Poeta Ferrajo after this
Expedition, as he left the Roads of the Isle of
Elba, and proceeded to blockade Toulon.

It is a singular circumstance, that it was not
until the 25th ult. that the French Papers made ally
mention of the Revolution in Holland, begun on
the isth, and terminated on the r9th of September.
This Revolution furnishes a -convincing proof of
the futility of all the democratic doarineS produced
'by the French Revolntion,-in the continual ten-
,
dency to change, which is -to be observed in art the
Governments instituted by it. We have seen 130.
NAPARTE himself destroying, after the lapse of a few
Months,' the first Constitution Which he had given
to the Cisalpine Republic--,-we have seen that Re-'
public, as well as that. of Liguria, since following
all the political changes of the "Mother Republic.
The Constitution dilated to the brave Mountaineers'
of Switzerland, on,the smoaking ashes of their de..
molished hamlets, has not of longer duration,
and they are at this moment Mill abandoned to in-
testine divisions, which-prevent them from uniting
their efforts and their strength to shake off the
chains with which they'are laden, and from calling'
back to their rocks apd to their mountains that ,
liberty of which neither .rlie Romani-nor the Houses
of Austria and .Burgundy. were able to deprive
• „ .
them.

The majority of the Dutch People' abandoned
themselves but very reltietantly to the „influence of
the French Revolution, and father submitted to the
Republicans than fraternized with them. To the
" honour of this phlegmatic People, it,should be re-1
collected, that the period of Revolution in that
Country was neither marked by massacres, by nu-
Inerous proscriptions, by modifications or Religion,
nor even by the adoption "of the Republican' Calen-
' dar It was natural that this lukewarm disposition
to Revolution should be 'unpleasant to the Revolu-
tionary Archetypes ; acid the French- Governinent,'
not contented with having,, from the year I-79g,
drawn out of Holland all that she could furnish in
money or valuable merehandize, wished. to ptaft
still further Obedience; and to convert that Country
into a mere RePublican Province. Thus, it' appears
that the violent.cliiinge which has -taken place- at
the Hague was preConceeted at
,Paris,• for neither
• ,
the tranquil chara&er of the Dutch would have na-
turally led diem
,to such an extremity, nor Would
their politicat slavery have allowed them to think
of it without the authority of -the French Govern-
ment. The intervention of SEMONVILIE, and the
Command given to General AUGEREAU, can'leave
no doubt (Ton the subjeCt.—ln all-the Revolutions
which France has effeae.d in that . Country; she.
.seems to have another object beside that of making'
the political form of their Government similar to her,
own. • Fearing that the People of Holland, confid-
ing in a stable although a bad
,Government, might,
in the end, reflet Upon their situation, calculate
• . .
their strength, and unite in '.opinion, Fiance has
used her utmost efforts to keep them in a state of
constant agitation, and. has• thus contrived to di-
vide their interests by the, emotions of public pas.
sions and private enmities. In these disputes, as one
of the
.Parties has always appealed to the French for
support, she has' been able with great case to play
the part of Supreme Regulator, and to make
herself :as much courted by the one Party as feared
by ;he other. By this IVlachiavelian policy, the
Government of the Thuilleries flatters itself with
the hope of being able to keep the conquered
Countries, and affiliated Republics in submission
or, if the fortune of Arms should release any one of
them from its yoke, it calculates upon having suf.:
fie.iently
,exhausted their 'resources, and sown divi-
sions in their mind's,- to preclude all danger from.

their revenge,
How. long this destruftive policy will siicceed,
we shall not take upon ourselves to prediet, but it
is much to be wished that it may be overturned by
force of Arms, 'by the concentration of the views,
or the preponderance of the Great
;Powers of
Eutope. It is full lime for them to consider that
they have but these two
:means of safety re-
maining, and that the objeft of France. is to de-
stroy them one after the other, in order 'after-
wards to exercise unlimited . dominion over
We see Citizen BACIIEI2, sent, with egregious
impudence, to signify to the Diet of Rintisbon that
its deliberations, are too- tardy. By what right
does France intermeddle in the internal affairs of
the Germanic Body ? She can have, no other motive
in sending the Noce presented by Citizen BACHER,
than that of insulting the Diet, for she is already in
possession of-all the advantages which it is possible
for her to attain through the Peace of Luneville. We
see with pkasure, that the reply of the Diet has not
been wanting in firmness ; and 'this circumstance,
joined to the Elea,„:on of the BISHOP of MUNSTER,
.effiileki in despite a France and Prussia, chew that

every sentiment of, ndepenctence is not yet wholtf
extinguished in Germany. May the incessanr ex-
amples of imperious hauteur, and the- spirit Of
dominion which are so, proniinent in the char:l6ler
of-the Republican Government, at length produce
that salutary effe t °tulle Continental Powers, which
can alone secure their future political existence

PAturAlidtrir, it is stated; will meet on the 29th
instant, for the dispatch of business.
The DUKE of YORK is returned- to town, after
having reviewed the troops in the Eastern Districts
and inspe&ed the different. military stations in that
part of the Kingdom.
The Garrison of Dover was inspeCted on Tuesday
last by General Fltr,t,st, who was accompanied bf
Sir ROBERT LAURIE; . and a number of SraifOfh-
cers. The troops were brigaded on the occasion,'
and performed a sham - fight with, great precision
atid effect. On- the following•day General HuLsi
dined with several.Ofiicers -in the _Castle, and yes-
terday proceeded to Chatham, `to take the coinmaud
of that Distri& -He is ,succeeded Dover by Ge-
neral DON, who arrived there on Wednesday, ac-
companied by his Aids-du-Camp, Immediately
after his -arrival, he-proceeded to inspeft the several
Fortifications. 'Tie great gunS were exercised,
arid fired in several of. the Batteries.

Yesterday several hundred Seathen attend-lat. the
Admiralty Office, for the purpoe (f being pa).,41-
to Greenwich and Chatham: These brave fellows
have been woundectin the service of their King and
Country, and
,of, course, are entitled to relief. Sir
THOMAS TROOB RIDGE and Captain IVIAnicITAg
were appointed to distribute the necessary relief,
and Dr. MILLER, of Greenwich, attended CO
exa-
mine the condition of their wounds.

'h is acknowledged that one reason, for the _sur-
render of Cairo, was the difficulty of keeping in
. awe thirty thousand. of the Inhabitants, men capa-
,' ble.Of bearing arms, who were anxiously waiting
for., the first opportunity of wreaking their revenge
on.the French for the loss of their friends and rela...
tions. It is very probable that Nirivou Is under a
' similar difficulty in Alexandria—a difficulty that
must indeed have been °increased, when the People
of the latter placcheard of the success.of the. English
in Cairo. We m4y, therefore, expeetlioon to hear
that MENOU is unable to. maintain .114,.v05i, and
we may perhaps hear alsb,
,that the Turks and the
Natives will not .let the Trench' dqart 4ithout
experiencing some 'signal marks of popular vett-,
geance.

'General REWARD, thqugh, perhaps, he maT
not have satisfied the Chief Consul, of the-necessiti
of his Capitulation, must undoubtedly have con-
vincedevery impartiak.man," that he was justifiable
in not. attempting to retccat to Damietta; lie had,
he says,-that measure in cOnteipplatton, but._ v,:s in-
duced to &ive.it'up for' (wo-reasons—fiW, because
he could nor get lo it on account of the English and
'Turkish Armies—and, secondly, because if he had
been able to reach it, he could not &Fut, r:ot into
as it *as in the possession of the Allies.
, It reins to be-seed whether the Batavian Di-
reetory will carry 'their admiration of French prin-
ciples and French conlat!l so far with the Members
of the Legislative. 136dy whom they have thought
proper to arrest, as to transport them td Cayenne
and;-indeed, as the. new laatavian Revolution inns
effeded, in concert with the French Goverment,
it is highly probable 'that the latter Will assist also
in the ext.:?-tation of rejradcry Patriots.

The Clef 141 Cabi,,,et of the 24.t1i ult. contains
the following information respeaing the death of
the late-Eruperor PAUL :
• '' It was at the moment where the English had
passed the Sound, that PAUL I. W;0 :Issassinated
in the midst .of. his Court. The plot had been
formed some ,months before in the house of 'So-,
Bow's Aunt, for it seeins that women are destined
to' take a part in all great catastrophes that qccor
in Russia, An Engli.h Colonel vas the soul of tll6
conspiracy, and furnished the means for loraiin4
and keeping together the nparty. that Wids conneaccl.
with it. Suoow and PArt.ti\t, the favourites 01'
Nut. I. were the chiefs of it ; and by means of the
situations they held, they easily Carried it into- 0'
ecution.

-.The particulars of this bloody tragedy -are
well known. • ,No pains were taken to conceal
them. The 'Nephew of Sunnw, who had bcea
sent by ahem to Borlin to announce -cite accession
of -ALExAIv or.a, and who nas since been dis-
graced as well as they, 'was heard publicly to
talk of the ,assasSination, 'as if it was an event thia;
had happened several ages. before. It is said, than;
the Plan of the Conspirators was to have gone n 0
farther than forcing the EMPEZOR to abdicate the .
Throne ; but it. is difEccdt tit)'entertain such an opi-
nion, when it is kno%vtt who were the instigatoo
and:a&ors. in t his- CataStrophe. '
" The death of PAut led to the dissolution c").
the Northern Coalition. In vain car, it be said that
the Armistice of Copenhagen had produced that
effea. It is: true, that Armistice opened the 1331,':
tic to the English ; but' the Russian and Swedish
Squadrons had nothing to fear at Cronstadt or
Carlscrona ; .an,d Denmark had no time to tna4l
preparations for defence.. What advantage cottl"
the English derive from-being masters of the Baltic
during the frost, when all the Ports of the Cunt''
rent must have been. silk against them ?
the First, in concert with • FranCe, would hate
struck the most fatal blow against that NatiOil'.•
He had already intimated to the Courts of
pie& and Lisbon to separate , theMselves. fioT.
England ;' .and that, he would continue to Pr°—
tea 'them if they desired it. The Porte no'
haVing 'attended to the advice given her, not
to co-operate with the English in their
tion against Egypt, a numerous Army was midr(-41;e:
ing towards'. Turkey. PAO!, I. had 'formed th
prpjed of attacking the British Em Aire in I°6i".
This project did not present insurmountable difficatc,
ties, if it was considered that the'French; who Avc,
to. have afted in ' concert with the Russians, were
masters of Egypt ; and that a Russian Arm}' 1%1,5
already on the borders of the Caspian Sea,"

whoi!y

CX-

Arit of

larx`ter

proJ'lo

, which

nee

he 29th

after

)iFtrikfty

in char

sday
icd bY.
If Oili-
casiovp'

eC:SIUII

1-luLse

yes-
Inr.3:2a
Ge-

i ;iC-

ia

ever.

rciscd,

the

eil~; s
„` ~,,,~

Kir.%

did;

a CX3.

sur-

ng in

cai)a-
aiting

verge

rela.

der a
that

't °pie

giDl
hear

I the
thout

ma?

L'ssitr

con-
fable

had,
is in-

and

c had

to

1 Di-
nbers

~ugliG

111:e ;
vv:is

nenty

grains
ttli UT

had
nateJ

ben

Sir-

rinei

r)cctir
4. the
aiin#
caed,

s- of

the
) ex-

are

ticcal

bceri

ssion
dis-

V ru
th'a:

tilac
e no.

tha

n

911 c.)'

th
Oat
1331-
It or

nal4•ei

onti-

'AU f'
10 `,/

tion•
j` p.
t cvm

pfo.
nOC

'1.4;11-
the

a.--'"
icul-

ViCl`.'

it: C Ce

WAS

IL 7 4'5.1;4,
.w 4.
7.'":1.5,
NAVAL Zl,--I`i (7 4P:C NEWS.
0;
--.._,, !:......‹,..
‘--;---c—%
Ms illi imperium pelagi, savumlue tridcntere,
Std mibi sgrte datum.
