CORN EXCHANGE, FEB. IL

The quantities of Grain in general are good—Wheat, 5200 ;
Barley, 6100; Oats, 8850 quarters; Flour, 6800 sacks. The
dullness which was experienced in the Wheat trade on Monday
still continues, and very few sales can be made this morning,
but the factors do not appear disposed to submit to further
reductions. Barley is cleared ow with tolerable readlness at
the prices last quoted. Beans and Peas are heavy in disposal
at last Monday's prices. Our Oat buyers purchase with great
reluctance, and Monday's rates are hardly obtainabk for this
article.

Bow-STREET—(THIS DAY.)—The conciiirt cf
of the night coachmen in Charles-street, Covent-garden, has
frequently been the subject of complaint. This morning two of
them, named Wm. Lardy and Wrii. Dartnell, were brought
tip, charged with having neglected their coaches, and also with
gambling at three o'clock in the morning. The watchman
described Lardy as an old offender, and he was fined His. Dart-
well begged hard to be let off on account of his family-, and ap-
pearing sorry for his conduct, Mr. Minshull remitted the fine.

TUE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Exirath from the Morning Papers, Feb.ll.

POSI'.I
,•We copied some time since., from the French
Papers, a Proclamation issued by the late Sir
thornits- Dglaitland, cobiplaining of a -Violation of
neatrat-territory by the Greeks, and placing the
islands of Ithaca and Santa Ahura under the
eperation of the Quarantine Laws on that ac..-
connt. The original of this Proclamation has
since Itrriired, with the melancholy tidings of the
death of its author. it appears to us to,ditier in no
mate.rial: point from the French translation, and
we should hot have noticed it had it not been ac-
companied with . private and evidently exagge-
rated accounts of the barbarities said to have
been; committed by the few Greeks engaged on
this. occasion. Even then we should have con-
teoted. ourselves with stating, . that the Journal
ae3.-04.bots, wherein the first particulars appeared,
bad- since contradicted almost all that gave them
An
_odious character, had not an attempt been
made
.by one of our contemporaries, last night, not
only to establish the criminality of the indivi-
duals concerned, but to extend it to the whole
-nation. The injustice of such a course cannot fail
:to:strike every mind. What ! because the crew of
a. Greek vessel, recollecting the conflagration of
their houses, the destruction of their families, their
wives. brutally violated or
,carried into slavery,
_and their child rendashed against stones or hurled
living into_ the flames, are said to have pursued
.0 shore, the equipage of a Turkish brig of war
which they had driven on the rocks; to have
killed and wounded a few, and wrecked their
.vengeance on the bodies of the dead, are we to be
told that, the eight or nine millions of whom the
Grecian people is composed " are unfit for poli-
tical independence, and that it is an odious fraud
-which is palmed upon us, when we are invited to
'a;sist the -brave, the magnanimous, the per-
secuted, the Christian Greeks ? " Yet this is
the dOCtrine which has been promnkated Since
when have the unauthorized acts of individual
revenge been. visited as national crimes ?

[MORNING ZIERALD.]
The :death of Sir Thomas Maitland has been
made the. occasion of defending his memory as
• Governor of the lonian Islands ; and this de-
fence, as far as it goes, chiefly consists in irn-
• putiog odious and inhuman cruelty to the Greeks.
We cannot help ,remarking, that both the means
of defence and the time of provoking such a dis-
cussion are particularly ill-chosen. Without en-
. tering into the causes, it cannot be denied as a
fact,: that Sir Thomas Maitland was a most un-
:popular Governor within the sphere, not only of
-his administration, but of his influence. Perhaps
-.140.man in his situation could have been
,popular,
• and t.:e question of unpopularity becomes one
only of degree. At an early period of his Go-
vernment he became the chief actor and arhi-
• trator, if it may be so expressed, is one of the
most harsh, most mournful transactions that
could he imagined—the violent removal, the
uprooting, it may be called, of the inhabit-
ants of Parga from their native soil. Those
who were the objects of a proceeding so grating
to all the habits, and feelings, and prejudices of
mankind, could hardly be reconciled to it by
any conduct, however equitable and mild, and a
vehement clamour—a general groan, went forth
against Sir Thomas Maitland. The idea of fa-
vouring the savage and cruel barbarian called
Ali Pacha, at the expense of the Parginotes, is
so irreconcilable with the character of a British
General, invested with executive powers as the
representative of his Majesty, that we will not
suppose it possible. But unhappily the imputa-
tion became a germ of animosity between the
whole Greek nation and the Royal Commissioner
from that period to his death. Subsequent
occurrences also tended to strengthen this
prejudice, and it is necessary only to recall
the events of the last few years, and the
proceedings in Parliament, to see that the
Government of the lonian blends was, with
little intermission, a succession of acts of rigour I
-.on the one side, and of complaint on the other.,
It was not in human nature to escape the effect
of the first great discord between the Royal Corn-
uiissioner and those under his Administration, as
well as the Greeks beyond his authority, though
not beyond his influence. It may therefore be
reasonably presumed that he had no disposition
to show the Greeks or their parties in the lonian
Islands any the least favour. It was hardly to
be expected. This is not the age of evangelical
charity and preternatural virtue ; but still the
Government of the Royal Commissioner may be
perfectly defensible—however injudicious and in-
conclusive the vindication. lie who would vin-
dicate Sir Thomas Maitland effectually, must do
it by arguments grounded upon his conduct and
his Government. An advocate who employs no
other means of defence but the decrying the
cause of the Greeks, and imputing to them bar-
barous cruelties exclusively, .even though their
cruelties should be truly stated, will hardly find
a favourable audience in any part of Christendom
at the present day.

EBItIT;S4 PRESS.]
We had by the last Dublin Papers, that the
rule for a Criminal Information against the hu-
mane and liberal Lord Farnhatn.7--the Colonel
Barry of last Session, bas been made absolute in
the Court of King's Bench, in Dublin ; and his
Lordship will now have to stand at the bar as a
criminal, and meet the verdict of a Jury, as to
whether he was the flagellator of the wretched
boy Lynch or not. What a tale to come before
a Court of Justice ! exhibiting a Peer and a Ma-
gistrate as the whip-beggar of a poor starving
boy, torturing bin] with his own hands, without
either legal investigation or conviction. If the
story be true, it is sufficient to brand any man
who could be ruffian enough to perpetrate the
vile act, with indelible infamy. Such are the ad-
vocates of the Orange party—the clients in Par-
liament of Messrs. Brownlow, Dawson, and
others ! Can they now raise; their heads in such
a cause, without the burning blush of shame,

after a tale of abominable atrocity such as this
has been recorded in the Irish Court of King's
Bench of a man who has been their fidue Achates ?

FINORNING CHRONICLE.]
. _

It will-
,no doubt be highly consoling to the
public to know that the affairs of Smith America
are fast approaching to a settlement, and that the
independence of that interesting portion of the
globe is on.the eve of being, on, the most secure
basis, recognised. We say on the most secure
basis—because we have every reason to believe
that the plans about to be adopted in Eur Ope are
of such a nature as not only to remove from the
new States all apprehension of external danger,
but also to afford their respective Governments
considerable, although indirect, aid in the
grand work of consolidation—a service we our-
selves consider infinitely more important than
the mere ceremony of a formal recognition in
the diplomatic way, and without which, the good
effects of the latter might possibly be lost. On
the highest possible authority we now proceed to
state, that the overtures and propositions re-
specting the recognition of South America, to
which Mr. Canning alluded the other night in
the House, were made by Great Britain direct
to Spain, and in terms so strong and explicit, that
they were properly attended to the moment
they reached Madrid. In consequence the
Duke de San Carlos, at present the Ambasl-
sador of Spain at the Court of Prance,
was appointed to a special mission to London,
and the necessary credits and funds for carrying
into effect this special mission had been for-
warded to him from Madrid when the last ad-
vices• came away. The choice of the individual
may also in some measure be considered favour-
able to the issue of the important trust confided
to-him. The Duke de San Carlos is a native of
South America, and, although at the time he was
the Ambassador of a despotic Piing, and resided in
the British metropolis, he laboured-hard to coun-
teract the independence of his native land,and often
resorted to means both impolitic and unjustifiable,
we hope he has learnt some liberality in the school
of adversity in which he has since been placed, and
that the pledges he gave when the Revolution
broke out in 1820, were not insincere. No man
can be more sensible than he is of the folly of
further sacrifices on the part of Spain for the.at-
tainment of an object long since placed beyond
her reach, and as the basis on which he is now to
act is aiready agreed on, and all the preliminary
negociations over, we have every reason to anti-
cipate -a speedy and successful issue.

[THE TIMES.]
A Meeting of the West Indian Proprietors
was held yesterday at the City of London Ta-
vern, upon the present state of West Indian af-
fairs. We feel very strongly that these gentle-
men deserve all the consideration that Govern-
ment can bestow upon them, consistently with
the paramount interests of humanity. They have
determined to address the King at the present
crisis, and yet we hardly know what his Majesty,
can do for them in his personal or individual ca-
pacity. Their address asserts their right to their
possessions in laud, and that to their property in
slaves. Both these tights have been too often
sanctioned by every form of legislation to be dis-
puted ; and yet it might be argued, that the
same powers which are appealed to as binding,
may also loose. W e have heard that the
Abolitionists talk as if the proprietors could
come to some terms with Government, accord.H
ing to whiCh the latter could purchase their,
estates in the West Indies, and cultivate;
them afterwards upon a new system, without
slaves, as national property ; and we observe
that this idea is seized by the petitioners, and
discussed as feasible. Come from whomsoever
it may, the • notion is impracticable and even
absurd. Government can make no such purchase
as that spoken of. It would be better, there-
fore, to look to those objects which are• within
the bounds of human policy. There is no ques-
tion but that if we were now first acquiring pos-
session of the %Vest Indian Islands, we should
cultivate them, or direct them ta be cultivated,
by free labourers : but it would be a most
tremendous act at once to tell the whole of the
slave population as it now exists in those islands,
that they were free to work or not, as they
thought proper. A few individuals may be
punished for their idleness by being left to fast-
ing, and the State sustain no great harm ; but
thousands upon thousands, if they abstain from
work, can and will support themselves by plus
der. The Abolitionists, therefore, disavow with
reason all idia of abrupt manumission : but they.
would prepare the slave for such a consumma-
tion by gradual measures. They would pro-
hibit, for example, the use of the whip ; and would
allow the slave one day in the week besides the
Sabbath for his OWLI labour. The planters ask,
in reply whether it would be just to the masters
in England to assign a second day of rest to the
labourer ? The truth is, that in England nothing
has been more common than for the Legislature
to interfere between master and labourer ; and
it has at various times released the latter froth
several penalties, even whipping and impri-
sonment, attached to certain specific acts of
neglect, disobedience, or breach of contract.—
And with respect to the additional day, the hours
of work are generally so regulated in England,
as to afford the labourer more than that time in
the week. Every tacker or thresher in a barn,
when not working " by the piece," has his extra
hours, and every journeyman mechanic has the
same ; so that the right to make these enactments
for the West Indies cannot he doubted. The
question, therefore, is one of humanity, mingled
with policy.
