-t5.2..)r0 Lfkl.

LONDON.
SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 7, 1829

Summonses were issued this morning for
holding a Privy Council on Thursday next, at
which Sheriffs for the ensuing year will be no-

minated.

At the Colonial Office this morning, de-
spatches were received from the Hon. F. C.
PONSONBY, the Governor of Malta, but they
merely relate to local matters. Nothing of any
political importance had occurred.

German Papers of the 31st October have been
received. They contain some account of the
termination of the Special Commission appointed
by the POPE for the trial of a number of the
Carbonari, with the sentences inflicted on the
unfortunate criminals. His Holiness may ap-

point as many Commissions as he has toes, bu

he will never be able to exterminate the spirit of
liberalism which is working its silent but certain
progress throughout Italy. Some of its more
ardent votaries may fall in the excess of their
enthusiasm, but the active principle of liberty
will still pervade the people, and must eventually
triumph, in spite of papal chains and slavery.
The report of the King of BAVARIA'S poems
having been prohibited in the Austrian terri-
tories, on account of their liberal tendency, is
contradicted, but we think the report is far more
probable than the contradiction. The Emperor
of AUSTRIA has a most amazing horror of
every thing liberal, and lookslupon its professors
as an abomination in the eArth. But as ex-
tremes sometimes meet, we should not be sur-
prised ere long to hear of his MAJESTY and
Prince METTERNICH turning Carbonari

ROME, OCT. 22

The Special Commission appointed by the Pope to try
the members of a Society of Carbonari, arrested in the
spring, who were twenty-six in number, after the most
mature investigation and hearing of Counsel, passed sen-
tence at the end of last month. Don Joseph Picilli, of
Maddalona, as being an old sectarian, and grand muter of
a new lodge of Carbonari, founded in Rome in 1828, was
sentenced to death; one is sentenced to imprisonment in a
fort for life ; 13 others for various periods, from twenty to
five years ; 10 were dismissed on engaging to appear again
if called upon; and one foreigner was ordered to leave the
Papal dcminions.
The Pope has commuted the sentence of death passed
on the priest Picilli into imprisonment for life in Fort
St. Leo.
Of the criminals arrested at Bologna two have been dis-
missed with a slight punishment, the others executed ;
the number of the latter is differently stated, by some at
five, by others at three. Our journals take no notice of
this affair.
We learn that the regulation of the eepiscopal dioceses in
Dalmatia and Elyria is now determined. Their number is
fixed at six (not seven as was first reported). Goritz is to be
the see of the Archbishop. The post of Nuncio, in Switzer-
land, filled by M. Ostini, who embarked about a month
ago foe the Brazils, will, it is thought, remain vacant for
sometime. M. Regolini, hitherto at the head of the Mili-
tary Administration, williit said go to Florence, and be suc-
ceeded in his poet here by M. Tosti, Secretary to the
Congregation, who i■ commissioned to revive the ordi-
, nences issued under the late Government.
t The Pope has presented to the Santa Casa at Loretto, a
I golden goblet, weighing 11 lb., of which M. gala is com-
missioned ti) he the hearer, and to the church at Singoli,
• the native place of his Holiness, six candlesticks of bronze
- gilt. Cardinal Albani, the Secretary of State, was presented
by kis Majesty the King of Naleltii with a valuable snuff-box.
