satisfied in their just expectations, from the labours of
the intended commission, which was to inquire into the
subject.
Mr. JOHN JERVIS said that in consequence of many
applications to biro, as well as to see the intentions of the
! Government with respect to the English corporations,
he had looked into the Bill in question, and in it he found
two of the very worst principles—it disfranchised
the freemen and limited the constitoency, which he con-
sidered as fatal to any good that it contained. He viewed
the question with great alarm, bee toss he was afraid the
principle might be carried into effect in England. He
most strongly objected to the issuing of any more
comtnimsioris ; that House was throwing all the
responsibility of great measures upon commissioners,
which was a way of putting off the questions.
Besides, the Noble Lord was going to p iss the Bill first,
and then the commission was to be appointed. He did
not think the measure would give any satisfaction.
Mr. DUNLOP said he believed the commission was
not intended to inquire into any thing embraced in tt e
Bill, but merely to settle the boundaries under it. The
Hon. Member then presented a petition from Kilmar-
nock, complaining of distress, and praying for inquiry into
the cause, one from the woollen manufacturers, praying
that their case might he taken into consideration when
the soap duties were before the House. Also, one from
the Royal burgh of Renfrew, praying that all burgesses
might have the right to vote for magistrates.
Mr. R. OSWALD presented two petitions from pa-
rishes in the county of Ayr, praying for an alteration in
the law of church patronage.
Mr. STEWART presented petitions from Lyinington in
favour of the Factory Bill and against the Malt Duties.
Mr. WILKS prewnteh a petition signed by ninety-seven
most respectable persons engaged as venders of newspapers,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath. He
said th it the petitioners who were now before the
House were most competent to judge upon such a
subject, and they stated how beneficial it would be
not only to themselves but to those who served
them, if the papers now published on the Sun-
days were published on the Saturday or the Alin-
day. They stated that many of those now in exist
ence did publish both on the Saturday and Mon
day. sod they were of opinion that the propriet.irs
would nut at all suffer by the restricti.m which they asked
for. Th Hun. Member also presented one signed by
persons employed by the former pe itioners to the same
effect. He had also a petition from the agriculturists and
and working classes of Boston and its vicinity, to the
number of 2,316, against any alteration in the new Beer
Act. They were not the keepers of beer-houses,
brewers, or any other desci iption ut persona interested in
keeping beer shops, but respectable inhabiter) s of Ruston
and its neighbourhood. They stated that previous to the
piloting of the Act they paid an extravagant price for
beer, but that since that pet iod they had good beer at a
reduction of one third the price. They also stated that
the obj,tions to the Act were chiefly mad, by pent ms
interested in the monopoly of beer, and magistrates who
wished to preserve to tbemse'ves a power which they could
u-e for political and other purposes dangerous to the public
good.—(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Member said he thought
instead of dim' the Legislature ought to provide fu.
an increase of beer-h, uses. The present petiti.m was a
local demonstration that there was no general desire for an
alteration in the law ; or that, if any alteration were to
take place, it should be to pl ice beer shops on the Same
footing. in tegard to the hours of bi,sineks, as public
houses.—(Hear, heat.) The Hon. Member also presented
a pethion tram Boston, for the removal of die bilitiep
affecting the Dissenters, and in pat ticular the Jews; and
several petitions from Devonshire and Lincolnshire, it,
favour of the abolition of slavery. He also presented
petition from Wen, in the county of Salop, for the
adoption of an improved system of parochial registration.
Major HANDLEY thought that if any change at all
was to be made in the Beer Bill, the only proper one was
to put beer shops on Ow sane footing as public-houses.
Mr. FERGUSON presented petitions from a price in
the county of Fife for the abolition of slavery, anti from
the rttyal burgh of Dysart against the Scotch Burghs Re-
form BR

Mr. FITZSIMON presented petitions from the county
of Dublin, and from time united parishes of Swords and
Ma'abide in the same comity, for a repeal of the legislative
anion.

Mr. FINN said he could not let this opportunity pass
of assuring the Members of that H.,use, that although the
operation of the coercion Bill in Ireland may prevent
the eliciting of public opinion, yet there was no de
crease of anxiety, on the part of Ireland, to be
legislatively separated from England. He had no notion
of shrinking from a discussion on the su,,ject, and should
always maintain the paramount necessity of a re-
peal of the legislative union. Let the British House of
Commons, he would say, save themselves the time now
occupied in the discussion of Irish subjects, and send the
Members for Ireland to their own country, where th.y
might have leisure and time to attend to her affairs. Irish
treason and English gold had brought about a union which
was now made the means of curtailing liberty in
both countries.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR also supported the prayer of the
petitioners, and deprecated in strong terms the condu .t of
Ministers towards Ireland.

After a few words from Mr. FITZSIMON, the posti
tions were laid on the table.

Mr. HALCOMB gave notice, that on the 6th of June
he should move for a select committee on the British
Channel trade ; and on the 27th of the same month, he
should call the attention of the House to the state of the
British poor law;.
Mr. A. PELHAM presented petitions from several
parts of Lincolnshire, against slavery.
Sir W. INGILBY presented petitions from Stow on
the \Vold, and s-veral parts of Gloucestershire, for the
repeal of the milt duties.
Mr. M. Al' !MOOD presented petitions from the
owners of vessels at Woirehaven, against the St.
George's steam-packet Bill, from Sir Harcourt
Lees, praying for a silver standard, and the issue of one
pound noes ; and from Whitehaven, for the better obser•
vance of the sabhath.

Sir THOMAS FREMANTLE said be had given
uotiee of his intention to present a petition to-day
from Mr. Charles Beamish, complaining of being removed
from his situation of Clerk in the Navy Pay Office. In

consequ,nce, however, of an application from the Trea-
surer of the Navy, he would postpone presenting it till to-
morrow, beyond which time he would not delay it.
Mr. LAMBERT presented petitions from New Ross,
against slavery.

Sir ROBERT INGLIS presented a petition from the
Arehtleaconry of New Ross, against the Irish Church
Reform Bill.

The SYEAKER left the Chair at Five minutes past Two
o'clock.

Aldermen SCALES and HARMER will be pu
n nomination for Sheriff on Midsummer-day next.,

M. COLON! A RDE, ex-Minister of Spain, leads
a very retired life at Orlean4. He occupies a small apart-
ment in a hou-e rented by a wa-herwoman, and admits
no visi,ers whom curiosity or other motives might induce
to apply for an interview,
The SPEAKER, it is said, on being asked by
a ereat personage when he thought Parliament would b,
up, re,died, that being himself short-sighted be could not
at present see farther than August.
The Bishop of St. DAVID'S, on Thursday,
took the narks and bi 4 seat in the House of Lords.

'I'RESAVEAN MINE.—On Tuesday last the
adv.nturers in Tresavearr Mine hell their mull account
and divided upwards of 10.0001. as their profits fur the
preerdinLr two mouths.—Folmouth Packet.

EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.--A mall named
ANDREW, who lives at Porto!even, anti works at Wheat
Vor wine, on the evening of M ttiday se'nnight, on his way
home, stopped at a public h iuse ar. Janey church town,
which he left at a late hour, anti being rather tipsey, he
walked into the shaft of an old mine, about half a mile
from his house. The shaft is tw.dve fathoms in depth,
and he remained in it until tfe Thursday following, whin
he was found by some of the peisor,s who had been in
search of him hum the Tuesday morning. When disco-
vered, he was alive, though we k, and on tieing Inaineht to
the surface, it was found he had received no serious ihjury ;
he is now quite recov..rt4l.—Fohnoutla Packet.

To RIPEN CLARET.—Here may be hinted
er or "%u'
a mole of ripening claret even in bottle, which may be
p,arrised wi hut injury to the health. The process is to
operate upon wine only a year in bottle. Draw the corks
and pour ahout a gl
n out of each, re corking them
ally.
uilelffyh.trl.yriDe.;
ritaih,we natt:ec) end
hde
again()f wine,
thus drawn, in an oven,
place
to cool graitu-
pt'he bottles, which
must he car. fully replaced in the cellar, and in a day or
two the wine will have everyu
appearance of being ten
years old„—New Book of Ecouomy.
the
( er
kan
andL fill u

The trials of the Coldbath• field rioters, as
they are called, are to commence on the 13th inst., in the
Court of King's Bench.
