[NEW TIMES.]

The private letters from Paris bring the last
price of_the Rpntes on Wednesday at 91f. 40c.;
' sh, that "the causes, whatever they were, which
produced the depression on Tuesday had soon
ceased to operate. Indeed the news in the Mode
If Wednesday is extremely favourable. It is ma-
nifest that the Cadiz Rebels are merely nego.
ciating for their own, personal safety. They have
offered, it is said, to give up the King and Royal
Family,, and only desire to retain possession of
Cadiz and the Isle of Leon for three months.
The Duke d'Angouleme is willing to allow them
to occupy Cadiz, but he refuses them the
isle of Leon. When the parties have approxi-

mated so nearly, we may easily believe the

_ -
bargain is not fAr from its completion. IVe have
two more .capitulations : Santoua and Malaga
'Lave both surrendered. The garrison of the
htter are prisoners of war. This is the place to
which Riego went to perform prodigies against
the French; but he soon, found it convenient to
withdraw, as Sir Robert Wilson did from Co.
num. Truly K he revolutionary heroes are

ratter unfortunate in going in search of adven-
tures. Their exploits have all the ill success of
Don Quixote's, without any of the amusement.
The Chronicle a day or two ago contained two
or three pages of lamentation over the indignities
heaped on Sir Robert Wilson in Portugal !
Surely the worthy Knight could never: have
dreamed that he would be treated with any great
respect in that country after the failure of his
former attempt to exhibit his revolutionary ta.
lents there, and the reception which he then met
with from a " frenzied populace."

[MORNING HERALD.]
'We give, to-day, the Speech of the King of
Spain to the Cortes, and the Reply of that body
—(See THE SUN of yesterday.)—Both the Speech
and the Reply read as if they were written by
the same person. But this is the fashion in most
Monarchical Governments at the present time. In
that Speech there is a distant allusion to England,
imputing to her that she has not helped them in
the manner slit; might have done. We are not
surprised at such an allusion._ There can be no
doubt but that the Spaniards expected us to render
them an assistance similar to that which we af-
forded them during the invasion of their country
by Buonaparte. But the present war on the
part of the French against Spain is of a nature
very different from that waged against them by
Buouaparte. The whole of the Spanish nation,
comparatively, were pitted against him ' • where-
as, at present, it appears that the King, the
Nobility, and the Priesthood, wish the French
to get the better of that party who are striv-
ing to establish a Constitution that shall com-
paratively do away the ancient despotic pnwer
of the Crown, undermine the Grandees, and
strip the Church of the greater part of its
revenues. The Spaniards now are a divideol
people ; and, therefore,as compared to whatthey
were in Buonaparte's time, may be easily con-
quered : and it is difficult to conceive how any
nation, especially England, however well in-
clined, can give them assistance, and please the
whole of the people at the same time. If the
French succeed, they will at all events please the
Monarch, the Aristocracy, and the Clergy, though
they may displease the middling classes of so-
ciety, and possibly the lower classes, who
wish to see those that were accustomed to op-
press them humbled. This appears to us to be
the difficulty with regard to any interference on
the part of England ; for if we were to interfere,
we should inevitably be disliked by the Throne,
the Altar, and the landed Aristocracy of that
country. So that looking at the question in
every point of view, interference on our part
would be injudicious, without at the same time
taking into consideration the weak state we are
in, in a financial point of view. The Constitu-

tionalists, no doubt, would have been glad of
England's assistance, to completethe great altera-
tions they bad contemplated ; but the King, the
Nobles, and Priests, would no doubt much
rather remain in their ancient state ; and therefore
that part of the nation could not wish for our inter-
ference. Supposing,for argument sake, that Messrs.
Cobbett,Carlile, and others, wished to bring about
a'radical reform in England, to clip the wings of

the Crown, to lessen the power of the Nobility,
by sharing with them their estates, and to knock
oft, in the first instance, one-half of the tithes ;
and' that, in consequence of such plans, those
three bodies should think proper to call in the
assissance of Prussia to prevent Messrs. Cobbett
and others from participating in the good things
from which they are at present excluded,—would
any other European Monarchy think itself justified
in helping Messrs. Cobbett and Co. to resist this
combination, or enable them to carry their ra-
dical reform into effect ?

[BRITISH PRESS.]

The French Papers of Wdnesday morning
and evening, with the Pilota of Thursday,
reached us yesterday. The negociations before
Cadiz apparently still continue. General Alava
passed the night of the 7th at Bourdesoulle's
head,quarters, and returned to Cadiz on the
morning of the Bth. There was a report in
Paris on 'Wednesday that the Spanish General
had even returned to Angouleme's head-quarters,
for the third time, with fresh propositions. The
tenor of his last proposals is said to have been,
that Cadiz and the Isle of Leon should remain

for three months in the possession of the Corks,
who would immediately deliver up Ferdinand to
the Duke of Angouleme on these terms being
agreed to. ' The latfer is Understood to have con-
sented that Cadiz should remain in possession "of
the Cortes for three months, but insisted on the
Islkof Leon being giveUnp to him. The firing on
Cadiz in the interval had ceased. The possession of
the Isle of Leon would completely command Cadiz;
and if Ferdinand, the great safeguard of the Con-
stitutionalists, be surrendered on these terms, the
Cortes would be at the mercy of the French when.
ever they chose to abandon them to the fury of
their enemies. Sautona, we .regret to see, has fol-
lowed Malaga, and atso fallen. It was completely
destitute of provisions, and could not hold out.
As things approach to a crisis of some sort,
which *ill end either in the emancipation of
Ferdinand by treaty, • Or the fall. of Cadiz
by assault, the Faith party all through Spain
are declaring their principles loudly. The Regency
11EISH • protested publicly. against the release of
their victims from the dungeons where they were
immured, by French officers in pursuance of the
decree from Andujar. They declare, that were
it not for their duty to the King, they would,
after such an insult, resign their uffice. It Is
clear,,that should Ferdinand be set at large, the
cry for vengeance on the Constitutionalists will
echo from the fanatics and
.Faith men from- every
province throughout the kingdom. It will be
curious to see what the conduct of the consistent

Ferdinand will be under such circumstances, how
far he will regard his solemn oaths to maintain the
Constitution, to which he professed so violent
an attachment in even his last, speech. Will he,
then, in addressing the Regency, who usurped
his authority, state, " that the horrid abuse of

his Royal name by the enemies of the State were
to him masters of the deepest affliction, but that,
he felt the greatest satisfaction when he con-
templated the virtues by which their worthy re-

presentatives had distinguished themselves during
their sittings." Will Ferdinand the Well-belov-
ed disown all these glowing sentiments when in
the French camp, or at his palace in Madrid ?
Will he speak one language in Cadiz and another
outside its walls ? But if Angouleme possesses
any honesty or judgment—if the dissembling
Ferdinand has any perception himself, he will
be told and must see he cannot, but at the sa-
crifice of lives innumerable, plunk° Spain into
slavery and superstition again. He saw the
general impulse of the nation by which the re-
volution was alone accomplished ; if he suffers an
honest Counsellor to be about him, he will be ad-
vised to conciliate the enlightened and respecable
portion of the Spanish people, who are all Con-
stitutionalists, and to pursue a moderate course.—
If ho does so, Spain may be redeemed, and he
may himself reign happy and respected : if, as
we fear, he listens to the councils of Osma and
Calderon, terror and proscription will stalk
through every province, and Spain will forfeit
her rank in Europe. A. very little time will now
disclose all.
