~~~

He made perional inquiries as to the characters of these men,
in their native village of Tallpuddle ; the neighbours of Oil
six men said they had the most unbounded confidence in their
in egrity. But a clergyman became rancorous against tles
rival prea .hers (Lovelesses), endeavoured to get them out of
the opposition shop, when he found that their common sense
would bo the ruin of him, and so he joined the Tory magi-
strates against them. And this was England ! This Was the
country where justice was purely administered, and where the
laws were the admiration of the world ! Reverted to thee
triumph, he hoped they would resolve not to let its res en&
with the festivity. Let them resolve that the labourer, sirold
be labourers no longer.--( Cheers.) While they were enjpy-
ing themselves, their enemies were eating gall and wormtvced,
and he (Mr. Wakley) would give them enough of it. But
revenge was not their object. It was now for them to consider
what was to be done for the men. Let them make farmers
of them all. Trifling corrtributions throughout the country
would make them quite independent. Their appearance was
already respectable. Look at their hoofs—(Laughter)—they
had no cloven feet, but were honest men. There was s good
sum of money in hand already (6001., iee were informed), and
they would soon have the rest. Well, it being determined
that they were to be farmers, where were they to live ? He
would say let them have a good sum of mop ;y. without Je-
straint ; but if one of them wished to live near tie foreman of
the jury who found them guilty, in God's name let Jilin. But,
allowing the men to live where they liked, they had two g: cat
ohj,cts—the first was, to make them completely independt.
the next was, to convince their dastardly, cruel, tiger-heartee:
persecutors, that their base and unjust designs had faile'd, and
that the labourers had been secured in the means of makine-
themselves and their families comfortable to the latest hour of
their existence.—( Cheers. )
The toast was passed with all the honours•
Mr. TUoMY proposed the next toast—eg The Dorchester
Labourers, and may the sympathy of their felloe country-nee
afford consolation for the unmerited persecutions .;nfiieted on
them by a Whig Government—irresponsible to the people."
About four years ago he had proposed a similar toast, Let tre-
der different circumstances. They had now met to be co leis
vial, and to congratulate themselves on the great work they
had accomplished.—(Cheers.) It was always a sours! of
great gratification to the working man to lay his hand upon
his heart, and say he had acted uprightly to his fellow men ;
the working men could do so in the present instance, for, but
for their exertions, the Dorchester Labourer: Mould still be in
the land of the felon and the slave.—(Cheers.) It was In-
_

necessary for him, after the able speech of the Csairmaa, to
state to them the history of the Dorchester Lobour. rs ; it %v as
sufficient for him to say that they had been torn by the
hand of oppression from their wives and children, %%how:
they loved better than their lives.—(Great ceet,ring.) Could
it be said with truth that it was the wish of these :nen to do
wrong ?--(Cheers, and cries of " No, no.") 'Certainly not.
Then was not the course that had been pursued towards t:iem
an eternal disgrace to Great Britain ?—( Cheers, and cries of
Yes.") He felt proud of being one of the Derchestdr
Committee, and as such instrumental, in a slight degree. in
the great work that h been accomplished, and which they,
were met that dry to celebrate.—( Cheers.) The toast he had
proposed expressed a wish that the Dorchester labourers
should receive the sympathy of their fellow countrymen.
(Cheers.) That sympathy had in a great degree been
shown to them that day, but it would be grertly extended if an
out-and-out trip was given them over the whole coultry._
(Cheers.) When his father was on his dying-b.d, he ex-
horted him not to re!ax in the cause of the Dorchester labour-
ers, and he then made a vow, which he had kept, to enter
heart and soul in tit's great work, with a determination
to rest neither night or day till it was accomplished.—(Great
cheering.) He cordially condemned the Whigs for the cruel
course they had adopted towards these m et—to that course
they had been backed by the Tories —( Caeers)—so teat he
was compelled to exclaim that whether Tories or the Whig;
• were in power, whether persecution came from one or the
tether, they were a bad lot altogether.—( Greett laughter.)
The toast was carried amid loud and long.: ontinued cheers.
Mr. WAKLEY said he hid now the pleesum of introducing
to the Meeting the Archbishop of Talipuddle—( Great laugh.
ter)—Mr. George Lovelace.
GEORGE LOVELACE then came forward nmid much cheering
to return thanks. He felt deeply the proud situation in %%hi:4T
he was placed, and the great exertions that had been rnede on
his and his brethren's behalf by the working classes of Eae,lan.
—( Cheers. ) He had become a Unionist upon ta-inciple. and
if be had been conse:ous that he was acting wroag in daieg
so, he would not have joined them.—( Cheers.) He had
joined them front principle ;he believed it WAS a good jut
cause ; truth was on their side, and such being the ease. his
determination was to stand by the cause of truth, although it
had deprived him of liberty and sent bin from the Ind of h's
fathers.—( Cheers.) Thanks to God and the working claws,
they were again free men, and once more stood upon he 'hurt's
of England to meet with the applause of thousands.—( Carers. )
Though it should cost him his life he was determined to stand
by the cause of Unions.—( Great cheering.)
JAMES LOVELACE then came forward :int was received with
the same enthusiasm as his father. He returned his sincere
thanks to the members of the trades, and ceery ether descrip-
tions of Union, fur the greet and gio-ious t xettions they had
made in their behalf.—(Cheers.) He trusted that they would
still go on and proper in the cause of the oppressed wt.rkirte..
man, and that they would not relax until they had entirely
fraed him from the bartg.e of slavery.—( Cheers ) lie tru;tea
that the clay would come when every working man, free, the
Lao is-end to the Orkneys, e ;mid becteee enlisted under the
banners of the Union.—(Cheets.)
TnomAs STANFIELD was greatly c.eered to coming for-
ward to return thanks. Though he had been br)ived ,low,) by
oppression he had not yet a broken heart.—( Cheers. ) Ho
was most thankful for the exertions which had br en reac;e on
his behalf, and be ousted Lcwould never be nngratefal for
the mercies that had been bestowed upon him.—( Cheers. )
JAMES BRIEN also shortly return d thanks.
JOHN STANFIELD then presented himself to addeess the
electing, but his heart appeared so full, that utterant c was de-
nied hint. He in vain essayed to speak, bet his mute elo-
quence excited more heartfelt epplause from the %ant iiss-tn-
blage, than if he had made one cf the Most eloquent orations.
Mr. WAKLEY then announced that James Hammett, the

lahourer not yet returned from New South Wales, might be
expected in the course of a fortnight. The delay, as regarded
him, was occasioned by his being far in the interior of the
country when the pardon lied arrived. Ile was glad to be
able to stAe.that the Government had faithfully discharged
the undertaking they had msde, by not only giving a tle
pardon, but also by paying their ex7;cnses back.
Mr. LAKE proposed the next toast, " The Wives and
Families of the Dorchester Labourers." This was his first
appearance upon any stage.--(Cheers ;Iraq laughter.) He
was a working man, and the power' of oratory -,nas not reurh in
him—(Cheer:.)—brit few felt more :ea' the cause of the Dor-
chester labouress than he did, er had vvor:.`d bards r in their
behalf.—(Cheers ) i-7oener than he would L's dragged from
his home as the Dorchester labourers had been, he would haivo
a dagger plunged in his breast.—(Cheers..)
The toast was unanimously received.
GEOILGE LOVELACE returned thanks.
Dr. WADE proposed the health of the Tr< asurer, Mr. Sant.
That gentleman was anxious for fhe happin,..:s- of the whole
human racc.—( Cheers.) It was his wish that those classes •
which produced roost, should enjoy most.—(Cheers.) He
(Dr. Wade) was happy to see the manner in which the Dor-
chester labourers had been welcomed that day by 25,00 t; per-
sons. He (Dr. Wade) was a member of the Church of
England, and Mr. Lovelace was the member of a church on
Iris own account.—( Laughter.) This only difference between
them was, that he (Dr. Wade) was paid, and Mr. Lovelace
did his voluntarily. Mr. Lovelace, was no doubt user,l in -
his way, and he trusted that he (Dr. Wede) had been useftzl
also. It was true he had slanderers, but he had imitated the
example of his Divine Master in advocating the cane:: or
widow and the distressed.—( Hear, hear, end cheers.) lien
wished to see equality, civil and religious. in this country,
as well as in America.—(Cheers.) When the Dorchester
Deputation waited upon Lord Melbourne, lie led thcin to be-
lieve that the Dorchester labourers would not be sont out of
the country. The Whigs, however, had deceived them, as
they had done every body that they had any thing to do with.
In April, 1834, they had made April-fools of them, but he
thought the working classes in April, 183 S, bad made April-
fools of the Whigs.--( Laughter and cheers ) When the
millions demanded the return of the Dorchester labourers, the
Wh:g Ministry dared not refuse it, and here were the Dor-
chester labourers themselves, living evidence they were free.
—(Great cheering.) He had great pleasure in proceeding
with the procession that day, and marking the orderly manner
in which the working classes of London bed conducted them.
selves, without the presence of a single policeman. It VI la
his firm belief that Lord Melbotr e wi.s indebted to the
working classes for holding his office of Pi emier of England,
and in return for that he had persecuted the Dorchesti r labourers. ;
For his own part, he would sooner have seen himself cut dawn
an I Loud( n in fla nos, than have suffered the punishment of
these Dorchester labourers.—( Cheering ) He could tot but
admire the able speech of Mr. Wakley, who had described in
glowing colours the miseries and privations which the Dor-
chester labourers had suffered. The moral character of these
men stood high indeed, and they were an honour not only to
themselves, but to the working classes to which they belonged.'
said, that—
" ahiriLoAltaaluint,sl),rgaors.ctdoh—tatO. O'Connell had disappointed the expce:ations
(B Cy
Byron
r
dirty ;
L
r deeper,
of the people—(Cheers, and hisses)—and it' he might speak
the truth, he would say that, in his (Dr. W.'s) opinion, therei
would not be any good got from him again.—(Cheers, aridi
hisses.) He would say__
Johnny of Bedford, be not too bo!d,
For thy master, O'Conn ii, has been bought and sold.
__(Great laughter.) Another apostate was Lord Brougham.
—(Cries of " No, no, and Yes, yes," the former of which
greatly preponderated.) Ile would assert again that Lord,
Brougham was an apostate, and in proof of that he would]
quote the opinion of Lord Byron with respect to him. Lord)
hAßnmiecr,b',ars,e:ei,aeagcssilnicea.:ialnuner: chimneysed bstfolal sweeper,i any yv
.;ton-a)
—(Look at
It was true that the Glasgow cotton-spinet re had eecived the!
sempathies of the people and the arlsocaey of Lord Brougham;;
but if the working classes did not raise their voice—if tits'
people did not rise as one man in their cause, they would be
sent abroad by the Whig Ministry, and dealt -with in the same
manner as the Dorchester labourers —( Cheers.) In his
opinion the present Ministry were the most Woody and brutal
that ever existed.---:(Cheers.) The Doctor concluded by
proposing th, health of Mr. Saul, which was drank pith
cheers.

y Mr
SAUL returned thanks in a long speech, but frm our
position on the platform it was impossible to hear a word ; we
however understood him to congratulate the mieting on the
xcellent order that had been observed throe ghoul the day's
proceAings, and also to express a hope th4t the next time
they mot their friends would be as many thousands as they
wero hundreds.—( Ch: c: s. )
Mr. VINcENT said, they had assembled on no (ri-insry twee-
