HOUSE OF COMMONS, Juxx 28.

Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the society of
Quakers in Ireland, in favour of the abolition of slavery.
Mr. EWART presented a petition, signed by the
Churchwardens, Overseers, and Select Vestry of Liver-
pool, relative to an alteration in the laws regarding Irish
poor
An HoN. MEMBER begged to call the attention of
the Members to a Bill now before the House, which,
if it passed into a law, would make the Irish poor
chargeable to the parish in which they reside, and
leave no means of removing them. The consequences of
the measure might be imagined when it was known to
what an extent the Irish crowded together in large towns.
This was the greatest change which had taken place in
the poor laws for a long period.
Mr. GOULBURN cautioned the House against sanc-
tioning any partial enactment which would embarrass the
poor laws to an immense degree. He saw another notice
on the books respecting the poor laws, in addition to the
number of Bills upon the same subject.
Mr. HUNT wished the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
Goulburn) had adopted some general system instead of
tampering with the poor laws for the last fifteen or twenty
years, during which every law that had been passed upon
the subject had increased the misery of the poor.
Mr. R PALMER assured the House that the expense
of the Irish poor to the county of Berke amounted
to from 1,2001. to 1,4001. Whether it might be proper
to repeal the present law altogether or not, he was not
prepared to say—but some law shoull be brought in to
prevent the Irish poor from having a hen on English pro-
perty.—(Hear.) He hoped his Majesty's Government
would adopt some plan to relieve the different counties of
such an enormous expense. _ _

Mr. J. GRATTAN admitted that the Irish poor
were in the habit of following their landlords to Eng-
land, and making up their rents from the poor of England.
He would have no objection to compel the Irish landlord
to remove the poor who came from their estates, and he
hoped that the day was not far distant when some effec-
tive enactment would be introduced. The Irish poor
should be employed by their own lands, and not thrown
as a burden on the English.
Mr. HEYWOOD said, the expense of removing the Irish
in the county of Lancaster was a heavy tax on property.
Mr. O'CONNELL denied that the introduction of the
poor laws into Ireland would relieve the poor. It was
false humanity to say it would, for it would but increase
the misery already prevailing. It was truly said that every
attempt to ameliorate the condition of the poor in England
during the last fifteen or twenty years had hut made their
condition worse•, and when he saw that effect produced, not.
withstanding all the intellect of the English gentry and the
deep interests they had in the question, he thought he was
justified in saying that the introduction of the poor laws in
Ireland would but increase the misery of the poor. There
was no wonder at seeing Ireland in a state of misery when
Noblemen took their fifty thousands a-year out of that
country without spending a farthing in it. He implored
Hon. Gentlemen to put dow❑ their ideas so as to form
some plan of relief, such as they could recommend to the
House, and then it could be fairly considered. At present
be must express his concurrence in the Bill before the House.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from Dudley against
the punishment of death in cases of forgery.
Mr. STANLEY said he had given notice of his inten-
tion to bring under the consideration of the House to-day
the intentions of Government relative to Irish tithes ;
but very great objections having been taken to the intro.
duction of those measurer, till the evidence taken before
the Committee, on whose recommendation the measures
had been founded, was before the House, and as it was
probable that eidence would be ready to-morrow, he
should postpone his motion till Thursday next.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice that he should move for
call of the House on that day, as he intended to divide th,
House upon every stage of the Bill.
Sir A. AGNEW presented a petition from Lambeth,
praying that some measures might be adopted for the due
observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. BLAMIRE presented two petitions from parishe.
in Cumberland and York, for the amelioration of the Penal
Code.

Mr. RYDER presented a petition from Chichester, and
another from a parish in Gloucester, for the introduc-
tion of measures for the due observance of the Sabbath ;
also a petition from Derby against the Irish Reform Bill.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the Council
of the Lambeth Political Union, and from the Bury Political
Union, for an increased measure of Reform for Ireland
The Hon. Member took that opportunity to say that on,
great improvement had already been introduced by Go-
vernment, and be trusted the present vexatious mode o
registry would be improved. The lion. Member also pre
sented two petitions from patishes in Limerick for the
abolition of Irish tithes ; also a petition from th,
Lambeth Political Union against the Bill which had
been introduced by the Honourable Member for Tbet-
ford, for taking away the privilege which Aletabera xt

Captain GORDON presented a petition from the parish
of Balinrobe, against the new System of Education. At
the time the Hon. Member for Mayo presented a petition
in favour of the system from the same place, he (Mr.
Gordon) had taken the liberty of denying that that one
spoke the sentiments of the Protestant inhabitants. The
petition he then held in his hand was signed by 67 out of
the 69 Protestants in the parish.
Mr. BROWNE had received a letter from a most re-
spectable gentleman in Balinrobe, and he stated that the
meeting at which this petition had been agreed to was not
known to any one in the parish, but was got up in the
most private way. He had not heard of it till three or
four days after the petition was sent off.
Mr. DUNDAS would take that opportunity of once
more setting the House right as to the petition on this sub..
ject from the General Assembly of the Church of Scot-
land. It had gone abroad that that petition was in favour of
the Board, but he distinctly den ied that, upon the authority
of many of the most eminent members of the assembly,
who now regretted they had not brought forward a mo-
tion condemnatory of it, which they were perfectly sure
would have been supported by a large majority.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON said the petition referred to was
a very short one, and was open to every Member of the
House. He for one would rather take the sense of a peti-
tition from the petition itself, than from any statement of
the Hon. Member. That Hon. Member did not pay any
very great compliment either to the House or the General
Assembly, by nightly explaining what the one meant in a
directly contrary way to that which their own official do-
cument expressed, or to the other in telling them that they
could not understand what was addressed to them. He
repeated that he would refer Hon. Members to the peti-
tion, and hoped they would disregard what the Hon.
Member wished to impress upon them.
After a few words from Mr. SIIAW, Sir R. BATRSON,
and others, the petition was ordered to be printed.
A message from the Lords announced that their Lord-
ships had agreed to certain Private Bills.
