By Lord ABINGEtt—I had not got the 1.5/. to give
the defendant, as had been agreed, but I expected to
have the money in the course of the day.
Mrs. Jane Morland deposed that she was the plaintiff's
mother-in-law, and she said that she had intended to
give the plaintiff 3001., but in consequence of this
search that had been made in the house, she should not
give it him, because she thought he must have been
going on very badly to justify such a proceeding.
Another witness was called, but he said before he
was sworn, he should wish to know who was to pay his
expenses.
Mr. PLATT said that it was a rule with him when
a witness asked such a question, that he was not worth
examining.
Mr. PLATT—That is my case, my Lord.
Lord ABINGER-4 don't see exactly how you shape
your case.
Mr. PLATT —We say that although the defendant
had a writ, he had no reason to believe the plaintiff was
in the house, and that the search was made maliciously,
under colour of the writ.

Mr. THESIGER then addressed the Jury, and said
that he should offer but very few observations to them
in answer to the case that had been laid before them on
behalf of the plaintiff. The charge against the defen-
dant was that of maliciously trespassing upon the plain-
tiff's premises with intent to injure him, and the ques-
tion the Jury would have to decide was whether the de-
fendant had reasonable grounds for relieving that the
plaintiff was in the house when he made the search.
The plaintiff had contracted a debt with the defendant,
and he could not get the amount ; and when he ascer-
tained that the plaintiff had been a bankrupt,
and had twice taken the benefit of the Insol-
vent Act, it was very natural that he should
become alarmed for his money, and that he should take
legal measures to recover it, and there was not the
least evidence to show that when he went to the house
with the officer he did not really believe that he
should find him there, and the obstruction offered to
him by the brother very naturally tended to strengthen
that belief. Undor all these circumstances, he con-
tended that the defendant was entitled to their verdict.

Lord ABINGER then addressed the jury, and said he
must confess he could not see distinctly the character
of the present action. If it was for the trespass, that
was justified under the writ, and he could not see what
case there was for damages. The only question he
could leave to the jury was, whether the defendant,
when he searched the house with the officer, really ima-
gined that he should find the plaintiff there, or whether,
knowing he was not, he maliciously made the search
with the intention of thereby injuring the plaintiff's
character.

The Jury immediately returned a verdict for the de-
fendant.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
(LLOYD'S.)

VESSELS SPOKEN WITH.—The Marquis of Normanby,
bound to Quebec, 13th ult., lat. 46, lon. 57 ; Edmond
Castle, bound to Quebec, lat. 47, lon. 29 ; Curacoa, Lon-
don to Quebec, lon. 10, by the Albion, Harrison, arrived
at Southampton ; Dexterous, Malta to London, 30th ult.,
►at. 34, lon. 13; Amelia, Guernsey to St. Übes, oth inst. ;
Francis Jeffery, of Dundee, for Rio Janeiro, 4th, by the
Julia, Heppingstall, arrived at Falmouth ; Manlius, Quebec
to London, and Henrietta Louisa, Eiavannah to Ham-
burgh, 9th inst. ; Ells Antoinette, Amsterdam to Batavia,
10th, by her Majesty's steamer Meteor, arrived at Fal-
mouth ; President steamer, Liverpool to New York, 3d
inst , lat. 50, lon. 11, by the Margaret, Roach, arrived at
Liverpool ; Cancerous, Barbadoes to London, 27th ult.,
lat. 47, lon. 33, by the North America steamer, arrived at
Liverpool.

THE LATE GALE AT THE MAURITIUS.
The following has been received at Lloyd's.:—
Downing-street, August 10, 1840.
am directed by Lord John Russell to transmit to
you, for the information of the Committee at Lloyd's, a copy
of a report from the harbour-master at the Mauritius, de-
tailing the damage done to the shipping in the harbour of
Port Louis: during the hurricane that occurred on that
coast in April last, and to acquaint you that the officer ad-
ministering the government of that island, in communicat-
ing this intelligence, observes, that the shipping in the
harbour was fortunately not numerous, and the damage
therefore was then comparatively little, but he had to re-
gret the loss of a coasting vessel with all the crew at the
entrance to that harbour, and that the fate of another was
uncertain.—l am, Sir,
Your most obedient servant,
R. VERNON SMITH.

Secretary at Lloyd's
(Copy) Po3t-office, April 11, 1840.
SIR,--I beg leave to report, for the information of
His Excellency the Governor, that during the whole
of Thursday, the 9th instant, every effort was made to
put the shipping in the harbour in as secure a
state as possible, as the wind was increasing, and, by
the falling of the mercury in the barometer, threat-
ened an approaching hurricane. At sunset it was 29.50.
and at 2.50 in the morning of the 10th it fell to 28.93,
which is the lowest paint I observed it, and at that
hour the gale, which blew from S. S.E., was, I think,
the strongest, the rain being incessant, and the night
excessively dark. It was impossible to observe the situa-
tion of the vessels in the harbour. At daylight, the wind
nearly
thae
m calm,h ad driven
rpulled r roundom
their
itrb e har-
bour,having a
nd abatedfoun d to
moat
of
moor-
ings, but had received very little damage. The Agra, I
then laying between the batteries, having drifted on the
reef, and beat off her rudder, hall thehpsaaitvgcinnhageldo,sfpardunindsgtrteuhspes
flying.vesse got under undileort wasweigh ;nnanileitdtit
little breeze despatched,
frommwiothr
moorings,
gnst;
nnwuohariet
rhr
ea brought
he
little
scar very
r beforee ly s efortunately
scuunr seedt
whenitabauttpehdet o
wind
he^
ni
ndd
n ago from
tbin gN. N. .aEf.e two N
squalls. N, W
0.
f:
idnucrrienags etdh
et onai
gbh: r
or ifetahnee ,Ivoetehr,
wind, with rain as usual, was felt. The barometer kept
rising all night, and at daylight this morning was
at '29.65.
The done to the shipping in the harbour during
has lost some small spars, and, having
ltahneds n
g gales
wharf;are as
sh
she
followh a
The bark Stratford aground fore and aft abreast the
been foul of the brig Reform, has received other damages.
The bark Vrat Francais aground in the Tanfaron.
The Brig Cervantes and Caroline also in the Tan-
far"
h have
briglocs to
yboatseoni
lsy andapguyunladen,arrotlnd small spars.
The the N.E. side of the
harbour,
ars.
Te ;
will be got very
when
the cargo is taken out.
egorge M'Leod was driven ashore with the
have
Teasilyhe o
brigff being cGn i
S. E. wind, and afloat again with the N. N. W. ; has lost a
boat, but is not otherwise much damaged.
The brig Lord Saumarez was alongside the Hulk, and
has her mainmast carried away.
The French barks Sauillant and Marcambie, both under
repair, have received trifling damages, and the Lawrencia
is aground fore and aft abreast the Dock-yard.
The brig Reform a good deal damaged by being foul of
the Stratford, has lost main yard, spars, bulwarks, &c.
The schooners Lynhers and Gregorio are both damaged,
the former carried away her jibboom, and the latter her
main boom, two boats, two anchors, and chain.
Among the coasting vessels, the St. Jean, Revanant,
Louisa, and Deux Freres are upset and sunk, the first in
the Fanfaron, and the others near the fountain.
The Jenne Ferdinand is sunk near the Merchants
Wharf, the Wraise has lost her mainmast, and is much
damaged.
The Esperance sailed from Port Louis on Sunday,
put back on Monday, but the wind then blowing very
strong,
they could not get into the harbour. She is
totally lost, and eight persons that were on board perished.
The bark Patrick, from Singapore, anchored off the
Bell Buoy on Wednesday evening during the gale, and
remained until the following morning, when she drove to
sea, but, from the violence of the northerly wind, was
driven b?ck to the coast, near Ground River, where sho
took the ground ; the masts have been cut away. The
crew are all safe, and there is a probability of saving the
cargo, but the ship will be lost.
The other vessels in the harbour, namely, the barks
Janet, Apollon, Manchester, and Atlas ; the Trinidad and
Caledonia brigs; and the Saucy Jack and Tartar
schooners, have escaped with little injury.
The boats belonging to the port department have suf-
fered very much, it being impossible, for want of a'cap-
stan, to heave them on shore, and the ways which have
been making for them not being finished. One launch
and the pilot cutter will require very great repairs, their ,
great injury.
sides being stove in ; the other boats have also received
Ten of the warping buoys have broken their chains,
three are recovered, with broken hoops ;. seven are
Iget t up
The bill buoy is upset at its moorings until
right. Cannot say whether it is injured or
not.
can i lost.
I have, &C.
yA N, Harbour Master.
CHAS. R
To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary.

From T. J. Pettiorew, M.D•, F.R.S., to Messrs.
S. and B. Solomon:: 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly,
and 76, King William-street, Bank of England,—.. Gen.
tlemen,—l have no hesitation in replying to your inquiry
as to the results obtained
by the use of your improved
spectacles; bring in the constant habit of reading and
writing for many hours together by lamp-light, it is but
justice to say,
~.. that your newly invented spectacle lenses
have afforded me the greatest comfort. When I employed
the ordinary pebbles, I never failed to experience in the
morning a great irritation in the eyes. Since I have used
your admirable glasses I suffor from no inconvenience of
the kind,
feel grateful to my good friend, Dr. Blundell, for having
and my vision is much improved. I shall ever
drawn my attention to the subject.—Believe me to ho
your's, very respectfully, T.:J. Pettigrew, 8, Saville-row,
Jan. 4, 1839." The Messrs. SJlomons' Operative Voice
Conductor, by which thousands of deaf persons have been
greatly benefited, is the size of a seven-shilling piece, arid
when fixed into the cavity of the ear, is soft, easy, and not
more uncomfortable nor perceptible than having apiece of
wool in its place,
and the faintest whisper at a public as.
assembly is heard with distinctness —39, Albemarle-street,
and 76, King
William-strea, Bank.--;.No connection with
persons of the same AMC.

Mr. George Shepherd, of the firm of Hawley and Co.,
jewellers, 75, Strand, stated at the first examination
that on the 21st of May (a man came to the shop,
and said he had got a commission to purchase
a silver watch to send to a lady in the country, and
having selected one value 5/., with a gold chain attached,
value four guineas, he paid for them with a 10/. Bank of
England note. Witness having given him the change, he
placed the articles at his request in a small box, which he
sealed up. The note was paid in a few days after to
Messrs. Jones, Lloyd, and Co., on taking up a bill for 681.
The man appeared to be about 45 years of age.
The elder prisoner was not in custody on the sth inst.,
when the witness gave evidence.
Constable Peake proved that on the morning of the
instant he took the younger prisoner into custody at 42,
Baldwin-street, City-road, where, in his presence, he found
the watch and chain produced in the parlour, on the top of
a looking-glass, and on asking whore he got them, he said
he had them given him. He was then conveyed in a cils
to the solicitor's office, at the General Post-office, and on
the way, he said that a sporting Irish nobleman had pre-
sented him with them, but he refused to give up his name
for particular reasons, and that he would satisfy Mr. Pea-
cock on the subject, if it was considered necessary, on
getting to the solicitor's office. Witness heard him say,
on being questioned by Mr. Peacock, that a noblemen
gave the watch to him, but he was not a peer of the realm
and on being asked the manner in which he became ac-
quainted with him, he said, that as he was passing through
Piccadilly, his Lordship hap eyed to fall out of his ca-
briolet, and as he had assisted him, be asked his name and
address, which he (prisoner) gave him. He then said
that he had subsequently met him by appointment
in Regent-street. On being asked if it was in the
street or in a house, he said in a house, but he refused
to give the number, or where it was situated, and having
informed his Lordship of the situation which he held, he
gave him a sovereign, and promised to do something
more for him. He next said that he had often met his
Lordship by appointment, and that he had written several
letters to females for him, whom he believed to be his
kept women. He was then questioned as to the name or
residence of any of the females, and he said that one letter
was written to a Miss Connor, its a court in Long-acre,
but he could not tell the name of the court. He then
stated that at the third appointment he had had with his
Lordship, in Regent-street, he gave him the two watches
produced, one of which was the watch found by witness.
The prisoner then said he believed his Lordship had gone
on a cruise to Italy, but he persisted in refusing
to give up the name, saying, that when his Lordship
went away, he had taken up a Bible and administered an
oath to him that he (prisoner) would net on any account
divulge his name. From information received witness be.
lieved the watch had been purchased at the Messrs. Hawley,
Strand, by the prisoner's uncle, for which he paid the 101.
in question.

The prisoner on being cautioned said, that on the 18th
of May, he had opened a letter, from sheer distress, in
which he found 701,-but that the watches had been given
to him by his father,
....

The elder prisoner on being brought up on the 7th inst.,
was identified by Mr. Shepherd, as being the man who had
mode the purchase.
Mr. Charles Fricker, a grocer, residing at Brighton,
proved, that on a Sunday night in the month of May, he
wrote a letter to Mr. Andrews, at the Agricultural
Society, Blackfriars, enclosing the sum of 701., and having
directed the letter, he found he was too late for the post.
On the following day he posted it, and subsequently was in-
formed that the enclosure had never come to hand. The
three notes produced were the same, fur, previous to in-
closing them, he cut off the corners.
Mr. Charles Bedoe, of the Inland Office, General
Post-office, and Mr. John Tymal, iespector of letter-ca►-
tiers, proved that a letter, arriving from Brighton on
the 18th May, would in the course of business have been
sent to the Twopenny Post-office for delivery, and the
younger prisoner was on duty on that day.
Mr. Andrews, of the Agricultural Society, proved that
he did not receive the remittance from Mr. Fricker on the
day in question.
Mr. Palmer, clerk to Messrs. Jones, Lloyd, and Co.,
proved that a 101 note had been received on the 28th
May, on taking up a bill for 681. from Messrs. Smith,
jewellers, Strand.
Mr. Smith proved that, on the 27th May he went to
Messrs. Jones and Co., to take up the bill in question, and
among the money he paid in the note produced, which he
had received from Mr. Shepherd.
Mrs. Griffin, in the service of Messrs. Goz and Evans,
hosiers, 25, Cornhill, sold on the 19th May a number of
shirts and other articles to the elder prisoner. for which
ehe received the 101. produced.
Wm. Bond, an errand boy, went on the same day to the
Bank of England to get change for the note.
Mr. Bondwick, clerk in the Bank of England, proved
that the note produced was paid in on the day in question.
Mr. James Nash, pawnbroker, King-street, Southwark,
took five shirts in pledge from the elder prisoner on the
19th May.
Miss Jane Weller, in the service of Marsh, White, and

Co., drapers, Blackfriars, sold, on the 19th May, a quan-
tity of Irish linen and calico to the elder prisoner, for which
he paid with the 101. note produced. Having given the
same of Watkins, it was endorsed on the note, and he said
he was well knows in Putney.
The prisoners declined asking the witnesses any ques-
tions, or to make any defence, and they were fully com-
mitted fur trial.

Mr. Richard Reive, receiver of the Marlborough
estates, residing at Woodstock, stated that on the 27th of
June he wrote to Messrs. Ladbroke, the bankers, en.
closing twenty 101. country bank-notes, and having sealed
the letter, he posted it on the same morning at Oxford.
lie gave it in at the window, and paid 4d. postage, and
on the same evening he posted another letter to the same
firm from Woodstock, enclosing 401., which was duly ac-
knowledged, but nothing was mentioned at the time of the
other remittance, and he subsequently discovered that it
had not been received.

Mr. Fricker observed that he had no doubt of having
mentioned the name of Mr. Watkins in his letter alluded
to in the last ease, and that might be the reason why the
prisoner had used it.
51r. Arthur Graham, a clerk in the General Post-office,
proved that on the 27th of June he opened the London
bag that arrived from Oxford, and on telling up the letters
he found they had corresponded with the bill. Such let-
ters arriving by that mail and addressed to persons in town
would be sent to the Twopenny Post-office for delivery the
same afternoon.

Mr. John Tyrrell, inspector of letter-carriers in the
Twopenny Post-office, proved that on the day in question
the prisoner, John Nogg, was on duty assisting in sorting
paid letters, and if a paid letter such as was described had
arrived by the Oxford mail it might have passed through
his hands.

Mr. Patrick Kelly, chief clerk in Messrs. Ladbroke's
bank, proved that a remittance of 2001., had not been re.
calved from . Oxford on the day in question.
_ _

Mr. John Hall, clerk to Mews. Jones, Lloyd, and Co.,
town-agents to Messrs. Cobb and Co., bankers of Ban.
bury, stated that on June 29 four 101. of Messrs. Cobb
were paid to his employers. His employers were also
town-agents for Messrs. Morral, bankers, of Oxford, and
on the same dal three 101. notes of Messrs. Morrel, and
Co., were paid by Jones, Lloyd, and Co. On the same
day he cashed four 101. notes of Messrs. Cobb, and three
of Messrs. Morrel, for which he gave aol. in Bank of
England notes, and 20/. in cash.

Mr. Elred Addison, clerk to Messrs. Willis, Derrival,
and Co., town agents for Messrs. Lock, bankers, Ox-
ford, proved that on the 29th June he paid six 101. notes,
presented by a person who gave the name of Wilson,
and they were paid with six 101. Bank of England notes.
Mrs. Martha Riddle, of Leather-lane, identified a 10/.
note which she bad received about six weeks back from
Maria Norman, who tendered it at her shop for shoes
and boots, when she gave the address, 621 Aldcrsgatc-
street.

Maria Norman, 42, Baldwin-street, City-road, sister.
in-law to the younger prisoner, recollected going to the
shop of the last witness, where she made a purchase with
a 101. note, which she had received from her brother. in_
law. On giving it to her, he said he would lend her the
price of what she required out of the amount, and when
she returned home she handed him the change. She was
asked her name and address, and she gave them correctly,
but had since removed from her lodgings, and they were
taken down by a boy in the shop.
Mr. Fleury Steilang, shopmau to Messrs. Meeking
Holborn. bill, sold the shawl produced to the elder
prisoner, for which he tendered a 101. note, and for which
he paid 11. 6s. 6d. On asking his address he gave the
name of Wilson, King's-crass, which was written upon
the note, and after getting the change he went away.
Constable Peake found the shawl-produced on Thursday
last at the elder prisoner's lodgings, No. 26, Minter-
street, Bermondsey, where he went by the name
of Cooper. It was claimed by a female then
present, who appeared to faint on learning his business,
and she asked the prisoner would she disclose from whom
she had received it, when he desired her to tell the truth,
and then she said be bad given it to her, and had purchased
it with a 10/. note, which ibe prisoner admitted was the
case. On taking the younger prisoner into custody the
woman also said she bad got the 101. note from him, which
he admitted, and that he lisd got it from a shoemaker named
Vendering, who had gone to Australia or was on the tramp.
Constable Benner, D division, said that when he took
the elder prisoner into custody at Kingston he found a
lot note upon him which he would give no account of, and
at his lodgings were found the duplicates and other pro-
perty produced.
Mr. Wm. Knight, stockbroker, of Token House-yard,
purchased for the younger prisoner stock to the amount of
100/. in Three per Cents. Reduced, for which he paid him
in cash 921 7s. 61 , giving his address 42, Bald min.street,
City-road.

The piic,ners declined making any defence, and, after
the witnesses were bound over, they were fully committed
roe trial.

INFANT SLAVERY IN ENGLAND —Mr. Com-
missioner Tuffncll, after detailing the distressing nature of
pin-making, says, " My inquiries fully corroborated the
account of its being the practice of parents to borrow sums
of money on the credit of their children's labour, and then
let them out to pin-making till it is paid. One woman bad
let out both her children for ten months, and another had
sold hers for a year." What is this but infant slavery?
And what an epitome does it furnish of the rottenness and
injustice of our social system.
