PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Per share.
MCI Jean Mining Company 49%

PRICES OF IRISH STO
.3 per Cen t. Consols Boli
ii Ditto 1 teduced 8936
3!4; uer* 'ent. Stock 98%
I Ditto 2 ley', Imo 99
3'4 per C -nt. Debentures 9l
Rank St* ,k 99.4
Royal Cat )al Stock
Grand Ca nal Stock

'CKS, DUBLIN, OCT. 22.
Grand Canal Deb.. 6 per cent Al
Ditto, 4 per cent CI
Hibernian Bank
.._2_,,„"

City of Dublin Steam Co lOO
National Insurance Company
City Debentures, 4 per cent SO
Ballast Office Debentures, 4
pc- cent.

COURSE OF EXCH.,
Amster cla m C.F. 12 634
Ditto, at s ;ght
Rotten lam ° U l2 6
Antwel p l2 5
Hamburg- M.B 13 12‘,.;
Altona.
Paris, S days' sight 23 tM
Ditto . .....................2 Us 23 RO
Borde atx
Berlin
Frank Lorton Maine, Ex M 151 if
Peters burgh, ruble 3 Us. 10 3
Vienna, ,effective .2 M. 10 (1
10 1
_Madrid,.
C„^diz ......
..„
Bareelon ►
Seville 1614
Gibraltar

Arri v , td.

Due. I Arrived.

NGE, YESTERDAY
Leghorn

Genoa 23 85
Milan
Venice 47
vaples 4O
Palermo per oz. 121
I,i-bon
Oporto s'4
Rio Janeiro
Bahia 3l
Buenos Avres

Due. Arnved. Pu
2 0 Lisbon
&Jersey 0 0 Malta
irg I 0 MeKien 0
1 0 Ostend 0
U 0 Sweden.-- ...... 0
Ilan is 0 1 Waterford

Dublin, 21 days' sigh!
Cork

PRICE OF BULLION, PER OZ.
Portugal Gold, coin.. .... .£0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bare 3 17 9

hew bc.ubloOns ,

..0 0 0

New Dollars
Silvers bars, standard a 4. Jl4

6 Arne rica... ..... 0 France
0 lit a.lO 1 0 Guern.
taws Ayres 0 0 Hambu
0 Ca rrhagena 0 11 Holland
I Ih Win fl 0 Jamaica
0 Fla. Niters

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Mornin ..... 0 minutes after 8. I Evening 34 minutes after 8

r-7.4 .).,

Zfle t-T,Un+

LONDON,
EKTURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 25, 1834.

The " Conservative Society of Ireland" has hit
upon a plan for out-membering the Roman Catholics,
which we believe to be one of the most original dis-
coveries made in arithmetical science since the Cali-
phate of HAROUN ALRASCHID. The public re-
quires not to be told, that during the domestic warfare
about tithes, between Protestant pastors and Roman
Catholic flocks, the latter claimed the right of pas-
sively resisting the claims of the parsons, on the
ground that they formed the majority of the inhabi-
tants—and, on the principle, that it was contrary to
the dictates of equity and religion to tax them to support
a body of men from whom they derived no benefit, and
whose tenets they regarded as erroneous. To this the
Conservative organs answered, that the common reports
of the paucity of their numbers was a gross and wicked
falsehood—that were the truth known, it would be
found that they, and not the Catholics, formed the
majority—and that all they desired was, that the Go-
vernment should do them the justice to investi-
gate this question. This statement was not
confined to Conservative journals ; petitions to
the same effect were laid upon the table of the
House of Peers, and certain noble Lords scrupled not
to support the allegations put forward in them. The
Ministry were at last driven to accept the Conserva-
tive challenge. A Commission was issued to number
the people of Ireland, distinguishing the professors of
the Protestant'and Catholic creeds. This was what
the Conservatives never expected ; they had imagined
that they might taunt the Cabinet with impunity ; and
that, urge what they pleased, detection was altogether
out of the question. The bass note of lamentation was
raised by Lords RODEN and WINCHILSEA. The
poor Protestants, with that most musical chord in the
Harp of Erin, tithe-hunting parsons, were about to be
all counted with the horrible design on the part of the
Ministry, of deputing to Captain Rock the office of
shooting, stabbing, strangling, and decapitating the
entire body. Resistance was first proposed, but the
Rev. Dr. BOYTON discovered that resistance must be
unavailing so long as a man's name and . place of
worship is known to his neighbours. What was
then to be done ? Did the Conservatives sit
down wringing their hands in despair ? Not they.
Blasting to their reputation as was the ordeal through
which they found they must pass, they sunk not under
its anticipated disclosures ; but at once set about to
discover how it might be proved that one Orangeman
was worth thirty or forty Catholics, which if done
would still establish them a majority. This scheme has
been tried, and we have now the authority of a Sir Some-
body Ricir, that Ireland is ten times richer in the
riches of Conservative charity than she is in Roman
Catholic ; and consequently the country must be ten
times richer in Protestantism than she is in Papacy.
Dare Aristotle and all his commentators gainsay
this most learned proposition ? Was there ever
any truth more self-evident ? The judgment of
Solomon, in the celebrated decision between the
harlots, or the decision of Portia between Antonio and
Shylock, sinks into paltry quibbling when contrasted
with this most rare specimen of Irish Conservative
sagacity.

Our contemporary the Post of this morning contains
a column from the Dublin Evening Mail of Wednes-
day, in which the Catholics and Protestants in several
dioceses are tested by the new rule of charity ; and—
glorious to relate—the Protestants are about in the
same proportion to the Catholics, as one hundred to a
single unit. The Post is in ecstacies, while the re-
joicing of the Mail can only be described by the editor
himself. But before we invite our readers to join in
the Conservative dance, in honour of this new and im-
portant discovery, we beg to put a few respectful que-
ries to the Irish Conservative Society, bearing some-
what closely on the question before the public. The
largest portion .of the landed estates in Ireland

are held by protestant absentee landlords, and the
same is the case in Scotland. Now, it often happens
that among these are found some of the most liberal
contributors to all. charitable funds established for the
benefit of their tenantry, and for the general good of
the country in which their estates are situated, Will
the Evening Mail, or our next door neighbour the
Morning Post, take the trouble to enquire whether, in
the list of charitable Irish Protestants, some names
such as these do not occur ; for we beg to think that
if so, the published statement is a gross fabrication in-
tended to deceire the British people. Again, of the
.resident landlords—will either of our contemporaries
point out the proportion between the Catholics and
Protestants ?—for in a neighbourhood where the po-
puletion is wholly a Catholic: tenantry, with the ex-
eeptio.-1 of two or three wealthy Protestant landlords,
we hart2ly conceive it fair to say the former are the
fewer in number, because they do not subscribe two
or three hundred pounds annually to the Kildare-street
or Foreign Bible Society, as do the Conservative lords
of the soil. The parsons, too, are generally among
the most charitable on occasions where newspaper no-
toriety is to be obtained. Now our contemporaries
will hardly dispute the fact, that what they give is
drawn from the pocket:; of the Catholics, after the
wailinas we have heard of the starvation which fol-
lowed the system of pi Lssive resistance. These are
considerable drawbacks...on the marvellously magnifying
efficacy of the new discovery ; but a more important
one is still behind'. Will our contemporaries
undertake to furnish us: 'with a list of the public cha-
rities to which the Cat hoilics are such paltry subscri-
bers ? Are there none of them institutions for con-
verting the Catholics the., aiselves from the faith of their
forefathers ? Are there none of them for disseminat-
ing tenets in other chino ;, which the Roman Catholics
regard as the origin of: the evils that afflict Ireland ?
Are there none of then a for perpetuating the brand of
political slavery, which so long disgraced the forehead of
the professors of the R. omish religion in the land of their
birth ? These are ques lions to which we should be, glad
to receive full and explicit answers. Before the British
people_ swallow the list of Irish Conservative charity,
it is proper that they al ould be told in what consists
the charity of Irish Conservatives. The people of
England will hardly th ink the worse of a Roman Ca-
tholic for withholding a subscription for the eradication
of his own faith, and the establishment of a rival creed :
neither will they ace use him of want of principle or
hardness of heart, if having built the church, erected
the pulpit, and paid the parson for dooming himself
and his family to everlasting misery,—he stop short when
a demand is made on' him to enlighten the poor be-
nighted papists, whose salvation has been committed by
half the antiquated virgins in the kingdom to the
care of " those dear, delightful, sweet, heavenly-
looking young men"—the missionaries. Charity in
England is a very different order of virtue, from
charity in Ireland. Here it consists in feeding the
hungry, clothing the naked, and providing shelter for
the destitute ; in Ireland it manifests itself in the distri-
bution of tracts, in the 'haranguing old women on the
errors of Popery, and. in giving new coats to little
boys and romping girls for abjuring their religion—
which abjuration generally lasts till the coat or cloak
is worn out, but not an hour longer. With this fact
before its eyes, the British public will be quite able to
fonn a fair estimate of the Irish Conservative plan of
numbering the people, as well as of the honesty of
those who have recourse to such a mode of thwarting
every liberal measure brought forward by the present
liberal and impartial Administration.

We have given in another part of The Sun, a
letter from the Lisbon correspondent, of a morning
contemporary, to which we direct particular at-
tention. The conduct of the Portuguese Go-
vernment offers a strange contrast to the mean,
dishonest juggling of the ,Spanish Cabinet, in the
affair of the debt. The preparation to reward all
those who assisted in expelling the usurper MiGuEL,
and raising the reigning QUEEN to the Throne
of her ancestors, reflects peat credit on PALMELLA
and his colleagues. The settlement of these claims
will give great satisfaction to all parties in this
country.

A letter from the Agent to Lloyds' at Harwich states
that the William the Fourth Hull steamer, arrived
there on Friday morning from Hambro' bound to
Hull, and remained at the date of his letter in conse-
quence of its blowing a heavy gale from the N.N.W.
Also the City of Glasgow steamer, Captain LISTER,
from London, bound to Goole, put in on Thursday
evening for shelter, and remained there, as did the
Ann and Jane steamer, which also put into Harwich
on Thursday.

The Courier of yesterday states that the project
for assembling the Parliament in Buckingham Palace
has been abandoned, and that the Government is
is about to adopt a plan of Sir R. Sm I RKE for fitting
up the Painted Chamber as a temporary House of
Peers, and roofing in the old House of Lords, the walls of
which are still standing, for the accommodation of the
Commons. The same paper states, that in such a case
there are as many of the old Committee-rooms still
standing, as would suffice for the purposes of the next
Session. We cordially agree in the propriety of adopt-
ing any plan, rather than that a Parliament should be
holden in the New Palace. Although nothing could
be more courteous on the part of his MAJESTY, than
the granting of the palace for the public convenience,
still we can hardly conceive a public edifice worse
adapted for being converted into chambers of legisla-
tion. Buckingham Palace being built for the resi-
dence of the Sovereigns of this country, the style of the
building is altogether unfit for the reception of a promis-
cuous assemblage. Indeed we are assured that the injury
the building would sustain, from being converted into Le-
gislative Assembly Rooms, in the space of three
months, would cost more in the repair than the erec-
tion
of an edifice fully adequate to the same purpose.

SURREY ADJOURNED SESSIONS.
(THIS DAY.) •

(Before R. fiEnoml, Esq. Chairman.)
John Robertson was indicted for stealing a coat, waist-
coat, saw, and a plane, the property of Henry Bone, a
carpenter in Southwark.
The wife of the prosecutor stated, that on the night of
the 16th inst. she left their shop for a few minutes, and on
her return she met the prisoner coming out with the pro-
perty named in the indictment. Another man was stand-
ing at the window. She caught him and gave the alarm,
when a policeman came up and took him into custody. He
had thrown the property on the street, in order to strike
her. He did so, and had not the policeman come up al-
most immediately he would have escaped.
Police-constable 49 M, took the prisoner into custody,
as stated by the other witness.
Mr. CHAMBERS appeared for the prisoner, but could not
Alter the facts.

The prisoner was also charged with having been for-
merly convicted of felony, and sc.ntened to six rnc nths'
mprisonrlent. •

The Jury found him Guilty, and In was sentencel to be
.ransporteil for fourteen years>
