tracy, and would be highly injurious to the coun-
try ; not of course anticipating Lord MOR-
PET reply, from which it appeared that
this provision was adopted at the express desire of
the magistrates themselves The saving occasioned
by the new arrangement will be about 4,000/. per ann.
Thus the measure recommends itself by two admirable
qualities—economy and good policy.

inc.l thus enable them to obtain a livelihood as parish.
priests, curates, schoolmasters, and even as public
writers—many of them being men of distinguished li-
t2rary attainments and ability. We grant that the
order of the Government for the suppression of all
monastic institutions, in which the number of pio-
.:ssed religious did not exceed twelve, was a most
.laportant measure of Church Reform ; but nothing
..Mort of the abolition of the system altogether,
will, or ought to satisfy the people. The inhabi-
tants of Spain, as well as the people of England,
begin to see the absurdity of supporting a priest-
hood from whom they derive no spiritual benefit. It
is true their cause of complaint is not so great as that
of the English Dissenters, inasmuch as the monks
are members of the same church, and hold a 5pir,:,,,,1
communion with them ; but nevertheless their ;.ervites
not being required, their support eanurrt be made
compulsory on the community without an injustice sol
gross that even in Spain it will be no longer tolerated.
The advices from Saragossa, in the French Jour-
nals of Monday, are to the 11th inst. They state
that the u.:Av Captain-General, finding himself unable
1 to Crush the tumults in that city, nas resolved to take
part with the mob, in order to direct, and to some
extent assuage, its violence. The convents arc reported
to have been sacked, and the Monks all banished the
city. The populace shout for the Constitution of 1812,
and Isabella 11. as their lawful Sovereign. We under-
stand that the French Government is extremely sorry
that it took any part in fulfilling the engagement en-
tered into by the quadruple Alliance. The KING
12,egins to fear that his arms may contribute to the
establishment of a Spanish Republic on his frontier ;
and thus unconsciously he may be the means of over-
throwing the Orleans dynasty in France. If this idea
takes a forcible hold on his imagination, Spain will
be left to shift for herself. The KING knows that the
proximity of a Spanish Republic would render the
establishment of a hereditary monarchy in France abso-
lutely impossible. What tends to confirm our suspicions
is the altered tone in which the Paris Ministerial
Journals begin to discuss the acts of the Spanish anar-
chists, and the care with which opportunities are sought
to cast reflections upon the measures recommended by
the Madrid Government. We know, from a source which
we have never found incorrect, that Louls PHILLIPPE
has held consultations with some of his Generals re-
specting the war in Spain, in the course of which he
all but asked them, in direct terms, if they thought he
could retrace his steps towards granting aid to the
Queen of SPAIN, without compromising his dignity as
a Crowned KING. What their answers were we have not
learned, but the question shows the state of the KING'S
feelings upon the subject. His habitual caution
will not however forsake him on this occasion. He
will wait a little longer to see whether the disturbances
in Catalonia and Arragon are suppressed by the Con-
stitutional authorities. If so, well and good. As
there will be no danger of the establishment of
a Republican form of Government, he will hold
his peace, and forward the necessary supplies to
the troops ; but if the insurgents become too power-
ful for the QUEEN'S Government, and succeed
in proclaiming the Charter, he will then pronounce
himself released from all obligations imposed upon
him by the quadruple treaty, and at once declare
for Don CARLOS. In fact we are persuaded that the
rebel Prince knows this as well as we do ; and that he
excites the people, by his emissaries, to proclaim the
Constitution of Cadiz, in order to accelerate a rupture
between Louts PHILLIPPE and the QUEEN'S Go.
vernment, well knowing that such an event wonla
pave the way for his elevation to tbc; throne
or Spain. We shall not dwell longer on this
subject. A few days, and we shall 'ne in possession
of all the facts connected writ it. Meanwhile, we
entreat the further attention
of the Government to the
'actual state of SpP,A, with a view to the speedy ter-
mination of the civil war in that distracted country.

Mr. BUCKINGHAM encountered so much hostile
feeling last night in the Committee on his Bill for es-
tablishing Public Institutions for the diffusion of know-
ledge throughout the country, that he was induced
to withdraw it for the present. He also postponed the
Bill which he had introduced for the formation of
public walks, and other places of healthy recreation
in the neighbourhood of towns. Although we cor-
dially approve of the] object of both these mea-
sures, and are anxious to see that object attained
with as little delay as possible, we think Mr. BUCK-
INGHAM exercised a sound discretion in not pushing
them forward this Session. Until the Corporation
Reform Bill shall have become the law of the
land, it seems impossible to carry into effect the bene-
volent plans which the Hon. Gentleman has proposed.
This remark is particularly applicable to the latter of
the two Bills, as, until the boundaties of a Borough
are determined, it must be evident that its " neigh-
hourhood"—in which the public walks, play-grounds,
baths, &c., are to be situated—cannot be ascertained.
There may also be a just objection taken against
the minuteness to which the framer of• these
mills has gone, when he describes the furni-
ture of apartments. These are not proper sub-
jects of legislation, and may much better be left in
the hands of the local Committees. We are not,
however, prepared to admit the force of the main ob-
jection urged by Lord JOHN RUSSELL, namely, that
the institutions for educating the people should be alto-
gether voluntary. We are of opinion that it is not only
the duty of a liberal Government to remove all obstacles,
which lie in the way of popular instruction—such, for
instance, as the stamp duty on newspapers, which
locks up political information from the great body of
the people—but also to encourage the education of
the working classes, by making it an object of national
concern, as it is unquestionably one of the great-
est national importance. It is truly melancholy,
as Mr. WA KL KY observed, to look at the
existing state of education, and to reflect that
the v.inting-press has been 400 years at work.
Few indeed, we are persuaded, are at all aware of the
ignorance which prevails among the agricultural popu-
lation of England. It is gross beyond belief, and
seems impenetrable by any other than Legislative
means. As a specimen of the mental state of the
Devonshire farmers, who must be supposed to be
some degrees above their labourers in mental cul-
tivation, we extract from Mr. WAKLEY'S speech
the following passage, which seems to have
set the House in a roar of laughter :—" He hap-
pened to be down in Devonshire at the last elec-
tion for that county ; what were the reasoning facul-
ties of the farmers there, who were brought up to
vote against the Noble Lord (JOHN RUSSELL ?)
What were their alleged reasons for their opposition ?
" Augh," said they, " we woant ha' na Lard JAHN
RissELr. we woant ha' na Reform ! we woant
ha' na Pooap."—(Great laughter !) He (Mr. WAK-
LEY) asked one of them, " Would not you prefer
coming in an independent way to vote, and not being
brought up in your landlord's train ?" " Caan't zay
(said the man), I ginerally comes a horseback."—
(Renewed laughter.) He asked another farmer,
" Would you not like to go to poll by way of the bal-
lot, my friend?" " Doan't knave, zir (said the farmer),
I've a been always used to goo by way of Daalish."—
(Shouts of laughter.) So much for the march of in-
tellect in the county of Devon.

Letters from Madrid to the 10th inst. hexe been
received. On the evening of the 6th a dispute took
place between some Urbanos and the soldiers of the
Guard, in the course of which one of the latter was
killed on the spot. The police interfered, and made
two of the Urbanos prisoners; ur„on which their com-
rades spread an alarm througleout the city, and some
hundreds collecting near t).te Post-office, they threat-
ened to murder the Min.'istry unless the prisoners were
given up to them. T n vain were the troops put under
arms : the crowd of malcontents increased, rending
the air with she,uts of death to Ministers, and to the
wife of Mule ez, and Vivas for Liberty and the Con-
stitution of Cadiz. The uproar continued till past
midnight, when the Ministry, dreading that it might
termio'ate in a massacre of the Clergy, gave orders for
the prisoners to be given up to the officers of the
I) :hallos. The insurgents were pacified by this con-
cession, and quietly withdrew to their respective
homes. During all this time the QUEEN was at
La Granja ; but at the commencement of the
disturbance the authorities in the capital had
apprised her by telegraph of what was going for-
ward. She is reported to have been in a state of
frenzy, raving against Ministers,for not having guarded
the city against the possibility of outrage, and ordering
the Urbanos to be got under arms, and fire upon the
rioters. Those about her (lid all in their power to
soothe her, but with no effect. Of course the cries
for her own death, not as REGENT of Spain, but ari
the wife of the illiterate upstart MUNOZ, must gave
fearfully agitated her. Neither was her agitation likely
to be decreased by the presence of -MuNoz himself,
who was with her at the t:-le, and, as is reported,
hardly deigned to notice her extreme affliction. In
short, hardly a day 'passes in which the REGENT is
not exposed ta some galling mortification, the conse-
quences cf 'which begin to be visible 'ii her health.
Of tl:ese not the least disagreealk was the innatitude
and subsequent disgrace of 'tier favourite, LLAUDER,
whom the people ex:l-Jelled the Ca.gtain-Generalship of
Catalonia. iiis successor MANS° is likely to share
the sa...ne fate, as he is notoriously incapable of dis-
charging the important duties which he has been ap-
pointed to execute.
The Spanish Government has made some changes
in the army. General RODIL, who held the appoint-
ment of Inspector of the Cavalry, has been dismissed
with as little ceremony as if he were an undistinguished
subaltern. General QUESADA, who held the same
appointment in the Guards, has experienced the same
treatment, with the slight difference of being dismissed
with some show of courtesy. We doubt the policy of
this conduct towards men who are not without in-
fluence in a country distracted with all the horrors at-
tendant upon civil warfare. The appointment of the
son of ANIARILL AS to the Chief of the Staff in the
North, has also excited a good deal of discontent
among veteran officers, whose just claims have thus
been set aside in favour of a stripling who has never
yet drawn a sword in the active service of his country.
We are at a loss to understand how a man like To-
RENO, habitually cautious, could suffer all these
changes to take place, during his continuance at the
head of affairs.

The whole of the Paris papers of Monday have
been received. There was a report on the Bourse
respecting the death of the King of NAPLES, to which,
however, no credence was given by those who had the
best opportunities of judging its correctness. Con-
gratulatory addresses on the providential deliver-
ance of Louis PHILIPPE were presented to him
on Saturday by the representatives of the Emperor
of AUSTRIA and the King of HOLLAND at Paris,
in the names of their respective Sovereigns. Their
example, of course, will be followed by the other
Sovereigns of Europe, especially as the Ministerial
Press has taken care to apprize the corps diplornatique
of how exceedingly agreeable such Addresses are to
his Most Christian Majesty the Sovereign of the
Barricades.

The Chamber of Deputies loses no time in pre-
paring the project of law for abolishing the liberty of
the Press. The Opposition does all in its power
against the contemplated measure, but the Ministers
are strong enough to be able to smile at its useless
writhings. Our only hope is placed in the spirit and
the knowledge of the French people. We are confi-
dent that they cannot be made to submit to such a law ;
and therefore we regret the fact of its adoption by the
Chamber bt Deputies with comparative indifference. If
to er.r,orce its observance were, under any combination of
circumstances, possible, we should say at once " Let
France remain for ever the footstool of the Bourbons ;
her people are only fitted for slavery." A nation that
has once tasted of the fruits of liberty, and afterwards
tamely submits to the yoke of a tyrant—to the worship
of a creature created by herself—is below the sympathy
of a free people.
The Atoniteur of Monday contains a copy of a te-
legraphic despatch from Perpignan, dated the 13th
inst., stating that an insurrectionary movement had
taken place at Ripall, in the province of Girona, in
the course of which the populace set fire to a convent,
and killed several monks. The brutal massacre of
poor defenceless monks, and the firing of convents,
shew the little civilization has yet done for the Spanish
character. Ignorance, cowardice, and cruelty are con-
spicuous in their acts of bat barous outrage.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS. AUGUST 17.
Five per cents., 109 E 10Sf. 95c. I(9f. 2nc.
Four per Cents., WC 70c. 50e.
Thre, per Cents., 79f. lec. sc. 191. 78f. 90c. 19f.
Bank Actions, 2,025 f.
Bente de Naples, 97( 10c 97f. 9GE 95c.
Roman Five per Cents., 101104.
Bente d'Espagne, Five per Cents , 37 36N >e•
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 24% 24.
span ish !man, fm,%.
Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, :1814 30 37 36% 37.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 102.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents, 57%%,
EXCOA NICE ON LONDON
O,IC month, paper, 25: : money, 25r. 50c
12:1 roe months, paper, 2.51 40z ; monry, 25f 4'c

BOURSE, THREE O'CLOCK.—Before the opening of the
Bourse the Three per Cents. were at 791. 15c., with a firm
market. The first authentic price, however, was 79f. 10c.,
and it then receded to 78f. 90c. It has since been at 78f.
95c.: very little business is doing. Spanish Stock is very
heavy.
QUARTER TO Fol.l.—Five per Cents., 1091. 20c. ; Three
per Cents., 791. 10c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 37 ; Three
per Cents. Spanish, 24; Cortes, 361 ; Coupons, 19 ; Gueb-
bards, 37k; Differes, 15; New Loan, 441; Actives, 49'',4-;
Passives, 121-; Ducats, 96 90 ; Romans, witl ; Pedros, —;
Belgians, 102 ; Dutch? ; Haytians,
--f. ; Brabant
Batik, —,

We find the following important article in the same
journals, extracted from a Frankfort paper. It can-
not fail to excite a deep interest in the minds of the
people of this country : .

The popular clamor against the Monks increases
daily. The suppression of the nine hundred cor,vents
is regarded as nothing, while their inmates •dre per-
mitted to continue in Spain. To get rid of t:ne regular
Clergy altogether is impossible, as their .number falls
little short of sixty thousand ; hut by 4pplication to
the Pop, a Bull might he obtained to. ,-::ci‘ularize them,

" FRANUFOhT, AUGUST 12.—We are very curious here to
know how a definitive treaty between Holland and Belgium is
to be brought about ; it being notorious that the German ,con-
federation, which has not yet positively declared itself, has a
voico in the matter. All parties in Germany agree in protest-
ing against the c;:s:,,on of an irach of t.rritory to PO-

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY., AtreillSl 19, IS3F-6.

gium ; and it is thought that the Piet will pay
all regard to the general feeling. It is affirmed
on good authority that the three Allied Sovereigns of the East
of Europe will not, in their meeting at Toplitz, bring forward
anything at all hostile to France and England ; bet, in a Ct2r=
thin sense, will oblige the two great Naval Powers, under the
present circumstances, to join more intimately in their Con-
servative policy. It. is believed that agreeable accounts on this
point have been received from Paris and London. So much
is certain, that no long time will elapse before the five Great
Powers will be united in the most amicable political relations,
and that the Spanish question, in particular, will be arranged
in a manner satisfactory to all parties. The anarchy in Spain
seconds the policy of the Eastern Powers."

We have received Brussels Papers to the lith
In the Chamber of It cPres:otatives on du;
FELix DE NIF"
real the ftlllbwma motion
L'lst article of the Civil Code shall not be
aPPlic4o.?lt! rielgians by birth, who having been in the mili-
tay "service of Foreign Powers, have retorred to nelg-ium be-
fore the promulgation of the rr,...:nt law.
" Article 2. Belgittnfi who have remained afer the Ist of
August, Ze3t, in the service of a power at war with Belgium,
are to,;eeptpd from the enactment of the preceding article.
" Article 3. The present law shall bo in force the day after
its promulgation."

The Chamber took the motion into consideration,
, and referred it to a Committee. We find no outerin-
telligence of importance in these Journal.s.
DUTCH FUN DS—AmsrEnimm, Atiousr 17
Money. D Ils.
Aetiml Debt, nt.2 per Cent. 541.4 55
A Haat Syndic, 4 k.; per cent
Ditto, ditto, :3,4 per cent 7tii4 79
Loan (15319 5 per cent.
Ditto (1,32 and 1533) 5 per cent.
Commercial Company, 4 a per .ut 10514 10t1,13
New 'ditto
Exchange on London, One month l9.
Two months
SPANISH FUNDS
Cortes at Amsterdam, S per Cent. '3534 to 371,i
Ditto, ditto, 3 per Cent 2314 to 'l4
Loan, London (1532 5 per Cent. 3 11, to 35
Cortes Coupons
BELGIAN FUNDS.-13nussELs, AUG.. 11.
Actual Debt, per Cent ,
Rothschild's Loan, Five per Cent lOO
Loan of City, 1832, Four per Cent. 9814
Society of C.mmerce, Four and a Hall per Cent, 122 c,
Bank of Belgium, Five per Cent llll4
—Brussels Papers, Aug. 17.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, AUG. 13.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 41 per cent. lOl% 10•11
Prussian English Loan, 130, 4 per cent 99', 99
Exchange en London, 'lwo months 6 2774
Prussian State Gazette, Aug. 14.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, AUG. 8.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Bank Shares •
—Allgoneine Zeitung, Aug. 10.

We have received Dutch papers of the latest dates.
The following are extracts from them :
THE HAGUE, AUG. 15.---His Majesty the King, accompa-
panied by Prince Albert, will go on Monday to the army.
Prince and Princess Albert returned from the Helder yester-
day. The Queen and Princess Albert will go on Tuesday to
the Loo, where in the course of the week the King, the
Prince of Orange, the hereditary Prince, Prince Alexander,
and Prince Albert of Prussia, will come from North Brabant,
and Prince and Princess Frederick are expected from St.
Petersburgh on the 23d. We are assured that Princes Frede-
rick and Albert, after the celebration of the King's birth-
day, at the Leo, on the 24th, will set out to the camp at
Kansa.

MIDDLEBURGII, AUG. 14. —From the Bth to the 12th inst.
nine more Belgian deserters have come to Flushing and sent
to Kampeir, to be incorporated in the Yagers of Colonel
Cleerens."
