EVENING EinTION.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

FROM TIIE EVENING PAPERS OF SATURDAY.
(From the Glob e.)
Not many years have passed away since the same
class of arguments, accompanied by equal clamour, to
assist by noise what they lacked in reason, were em-
ployed. against the repeal of the prohibitory duties on
foreign wool, which aro now urged against the repeal
C.O the restrictive duties on foreign corn. The altera-
It:on was, however, made, and the superior wools of
other countries were allowed to be introduced into the
British markets, with results both to the woolgrowers
and manufactarers of this country, such as h tve amply
justified the poliey which was then so violently opposed.
It will be remembered that Mr. Sadler, then Mem-
ber for Leeds, was the leader of the monopoly advo-
cates. Petitions were prepared and presented to Parlia-
ment, ascribing the distress which then prevailed among
these classes to importations of foreign wool, in
which all that was unfavourable to their theory was
carefully suppressed. The effects of home speculation,
keeping back the growth of several years in expectation
of an increase of prioe, which the removal of the pro-
hibitory duties tended to prevent—the increased value
of the carcase, which afforded some compensation to
the grower for the diminished value of the fleece—
the progress of luxury, rendering a superfine coat as ne-
cessary to the artisan as it was formerly to a Lord of the
13edelaamber ;—all these facts were carefully excluded
from view, when the wool monopoly was defended,
just as every argument which prove the injurious
operation of the corn monopoly is carefully sup-
pressed by those who undertake to prove the danger of
removini or relaxing the restrictive duties which prevent
the importation of foreign cern into the British markets.
The late Mr. Canning, it is said, was requested to
read a pamphlet, written by a Noble Lord who was
eioemed by the monopolists quite an oracle, in support
of the restrictive duties on foreign wool. The tract is
stated to have begun with a sentence like the follow-
ing :—" There can be no doubt that under a due
system of protection the growth of British wools might
net greatly increased, and that our domestic wools
might eventually be enabled to stand the competition
of the wools of the Continent." The witty statesman
changed every W in this sentence into an F, and re-
turned the pamphlet to the party who forwarded it to
him for his opinion of its merits. We wonder what
Mr. Canning would have said to such lucubrations
as the following, which the Herald puts forth as ar-
guments is favour of high prices !sad dear bread :
" It is important to preserve the spirit of the corn-
laws from violation. It is important, therefore, in
an artificial state of society like that which prevails in
England, to prevent corn or labour from becoming
cheap. The rich alone have, in the long run, the belle-
Lt of cheep corn. Dear corn, and plenty of employ-
ment in connection with the soil :—these, in a country
like England, are the great tests of the labourer's pros-
peril. If employment in connection with the soil be
abundant, the labourer is sure to enjoy a full measure
of comfort ; and cern, be it remembered, is never, in
such a case, dear to him. No : corn is, then, dear
only to the rich ; and corn is dear, in such circum-
stances, to the rich—only because the labourer is com-
fortable.

(From the Courier.)
We have ourselves been among the friends and be-
lievers in peace, although fully alive to the probabilities
of war, when firebrands are lodged in the hands of men
without discretion to comprehend the instantaneous
combustibility of the materials, from the slightest
spark among which, for the world's misfortune,
they erre o unhappily out of place. The irreflective
v;vacity 'and miscalculating arribit:on of M. Thiers
have led him recklessly to unloose tile raging ele-
ments in France under the conceited persuasion that
be was the one man to " ride the whirlwind and
direr" or quell the storm at pleasure. Lord Painter-
aton, on this side the Channel, has not been slow
wantonly to irritate national honour and susceptibilities,
which a wise and intelligent Minister would have pa-
tiently wait.d upon and have anxiously avoided to
wound. As if eager for a fray he and his organs of the
press have accumulated outrage in return for complaint,
and replied with bi -ter sarcasms to the appeals of a
powerful State protesting against a breach of alliance.
As if the cauldron were wanting explosive ingredients
we have the personal antipathies of the French and
English Ministers adding to the ignitible materials, with
hot-headed Commodore Napier in the back ground eager
for the fight, and match in hand firing the train. Russia
in the mean time, with " malice prepense and afore-
thought,"stands silently b), carefully watching erents,and
when the house is in flames, with the revelling and witless
incentharies gazing heedlessly on their own handy
work, prepared to rush in and seize and sack the spoil
There was no question in Paris of a ministerial change,
for tlic moment. The report that Soult was expected
in Paris yesterday, was not correct. He was indeed
to have been pr: sent to take his place among the ,1
P,sers, judges in the case of Louis Napoleon, but his
if;uraey was c.nuntermanded in consequence of letters
from the Marshal's friends in Paris. M. Thiers will
must probably remain in of mac ti.l the crisis is over.
However anxious Louis PtAitippe may feel to get rid
of kti, he is quitO awarethattbe pear is not yet ripe.

(From the Standard.)
m are grateful that the Ministerial Journals reca_
us to the consideration of the repeal agitation now
;aging in Ireland. There is no subject more deserv-
ing of the sedate and manly reflction of the British
natior —there is no subject at this moment so urgently
cietn.radtcg the best atz.ention of the people of the em-
pir,,. We feel anxious as to the probabilities of peace
or rar with France, and the question is full of just
reasons for anxiety : but that is peace or war with
France compared with the preservation of the integrity
of the empire--what could we lose in the event of the
most disastrous war equivalent to the establishment
of Ireland as a separate and hostile state, threaten-
ing our western coast and furnishing in her
dousand ports retreat to the destroyers of our
cammerce? A repeal of the union, and its necessary
eonsrluences, should Ireland not be promply recon-
quered by force of arms, would sink Great Britain to
the condition of a fourth-rate po.ver—would almost
cerepel ua to seek safety from actual slavery in vassal-
age to France or Russia. London would be rendered a
destr-t, and the Thames as little the resort of com-
merce as the Tagus or the Danube. We need, how-
eve,s, say the less upon the awful magnitude of the
interests is peril, because the adversaries to whom we
have to reply admit all that we can ask upon this
heed—admit that the repeal, for which Mr. O'Connell
and the Romanist Clergy are now agitating Ireland,
would constitute an evil so monstrous, as to be pro-
Perly resisted it' necessary by arms and bloodshed.
As to the right and duty of thus resisting rep.ya!, we
aerce with the Ministers and their organs of the press ;
het we hold that it' it is lawful (we speak here of the
moral law) to resist the evil by the slaughter of our fel-
low creatures, it must, a /ortiori, he lawful to resist it by
less cruel and violent means ; and we contend that such
milder means are still available. It is true that in
order to avail ourselves of the means in question, we
12)ust use firmness and foresight, and a course which
rn .y seem coercive beyond the limits of the constitu-
sloe ; but where the end is to avert the calamity of a
sanguinary war, it is our right and our duty to
use the strongest measures. The seditious agitation
must be put an end to by whatever means, by war
itself, if war he necessary, because it is but taking the
war, to which it. will inevitahly'conduct if it proceeds, at
an earlier and therefore a safer stage, and a stage less
expensive of bloodshed ;han a later stage must be.
But the seditious agitation may be put an end to
without war—may be peaceably and even quietly ex-
tingu:sned by means perfectly within the reach of
the Executive. Policy, justice, and humanity con-
car in recommending the trial of the milder means
Leforo resorting to the harsher, and to all others be-
fore a recourse is had to arms. The Executive bas
much in 'lts power. Let the ministers of the Crown
declare practically, and not merely in words, that to
partake in seditious agitation must raise a perpetual
Isar to the favour of the State, which no after penitence
shall remove, and seditious agitation will lose the aid
of the whole band of ambitious adventurers, who look
to force the* way to honnurs and offices by practices
that ought to consign them to the gaol and the gibbet :
they will, in one troop, desert their present occupation.
Again, let the Ministers practically declare what all men
of all parties know and feel, though in words too many
deny it—let the Ministers of:the Crown practically
declare their conviction, that the Romanist priesthood
are already too strong for the peace of Ireland, and for
the safety of the empire, and that they must despair
of further aggrandising that strength, of which they snake so bad a use, by further inroads upon the Pro-
testant constitution. In the third place, let it be dis-
tinctly and unequivocally proclaimed, that the union
shall not be repealed—that repeal will not be conceded
to any terrorp—that rather than submit to it, England
will carry war into every corner of the adjacent island ;
and that the effort to (Won it by force must be a re-
enactment of the laws of the last century, in a form more
stringent and efficacious. This, we firmly believe, would
be enough, without sending an additional soldier to
Ireland, or adding a line to the statute book.

• The South Australian Record on Saturday had
the following paragraph :—" In the last number of our
Journai we published a report purporting to emanate from
the Select Committee appointed by the House of Com-
mons, according to the motion of Lord Eliot in July last,
to inquire into the statements contained in the petition of
the merchants, bankers, and shipowners of the city of Lon.
den, respecting the colonisation of New Zealand. It now
turns out that although this report (and an excellent one
it is) is published with the proceedings, it was SOT carried
in the Committee—the motion " that the Committee do
tow proceed to the consideration of the draft report sub-
tted by Lord Eliot" was lost, and therefore the adoption
0 i
frho
THE
Was negatived."—The Tines is not so honest.
HARvEs T.— T h e harvest is progressing in
this neighbourhood,neighbourhood 01':sand will be very productive. In the
sible in leading. 1° the
the farmers are as busy as pos- l
the corn is cut, and iT: more immediate vicinity of Kendal
a day or two
,-,;,t1: :Le 2.r,,utitt.—Kend will be wholly cleared
a/ Mercury
froFn oLuollidt DcLOstresrailyeidh,,,as returr;eu.
1 to Gore House, 1
tile i• ordcr ii of Notiiilgimilitro,°?ting 1(.. tie-, at Gee lin-r on
Tina,
