EAST INDIA INTELLIGENCE,.

CALCUTTA, JUNE 25.-13 y letters from Bundle-
cund, dated the 25th ult. we' learn, that Colonel
MARTINDELL'S army, in the Rewah county, had
zhiftcd it, ground to a spot- about seven miics
distant from that which it before occupied. - The
particulars of the arrangement adjusted between
Mr. WAuCHOPE and the Rewah Rajah were still
unknown ; but it was understood that the sanc-
tion of the Supreme Government was alone want-
ing to render it concluSive. The" Son of the
Rajah, who had continued a show of hostility for
some time after his father acceded to the terms
offered him, had come into camp on the day pre-
ceding drat on which the army moved.

CoI,,MARTINDELL having been obliged to suit
the army by indisposition, had been succeeded in
the command by Lient.•Colonel Bur:ELL, who
was posted with his detachment (consisting of
about 3000 Native Infantry, 3 troops of the sth
Native caralry, 4 guns of the Horse Artillery, 2
Gallopers and some infantry guns), on the rigm
bank of the river Toorsa, in the Semiri.t countr,-,

MADRAS, MAY 15.—Yesterday afternoon arriv-
ed his Majesty's ship Minden, bearing the ;lag of
liis Excellency. Vice-Admiral Sir SAMUEL HOOD,
Commander-in-Chief of his Majesty's squadron in
the East Indies,

JGNF..—On Tuesday last the Hon. Company's
Phcenix anchored. oil Calcutta,, having on
board the Hon. Sir H. RUSSELL, Chief Justice of
Bengal. The Phoenix sailed from Mausidipatam
on, the 20th inst. The Chief Justice had set out
fiom Ilydrabad, (where he was entertained in the
most sumptuous manner during his stay) on the
428th-nit•- The whole party bave returntinollen-
gal itighlygi:'atifiea with their expcdition.

The periodical rains have set in with less vio-
lence in this part of India, than might have been
expected from the unusual continued drought of
the preceding hot season. And though, in conse-
quence of the latter circumstance, the commence-
ment of the indigo cultivation has been +pretty ge-
nerally retarded, the planters have already begins
to manufacture in. some parts of Bengal ; and if
trot interrupted by an extensive and fatal inunda-
tion, there is still a prospect of a tolerable season,
even in the lower provinces. In the-Behar diS-
tricts, the crops have from the beginning worn a
more promising aspect than for some years past.
CALCUTTA, JUNE.—On Friday three Manilla-
mew, named Bernardo Hoyne, Barnaby and Peter
Losier, were put to the bar of the Supreme Court
of Judicature, on an indictment for the wanton
murder of a Chinese named Apong, in a lane near
the 'l'icetta-bazar, in January last.--Boyne was

LONDON,
5,17.171:1L1Y, J_I.,I"U.I.RZI, 'lBl4.

A most eventful Year has just closed upon • us,
and from the " pinnacle point of Time,'' WFoicb a
New Year's Day presents, we may cast a retro-
spective glance upon the' steep we have passed.
What an Iliad of wonders have been crowded into
this little space ! The.ptincipal part of the World
has undergone a perfect revolution, and. Europe
offers to our view an aspect as much improved as
it is greatly changed. So. atupendous. in .import-
ance,.swift in succession, and amazing in effect,
have been the circumstances which. led td this al-
tered state, that the human mind-has been almost
incompetent to grasf from day to day
_the, pro-
din', brought before it. We 'have lived, as
it were, bewildered in the whirl of mighty
objects following each other, with such • mea-
sureless rapidity as to be, notwithstanding their

'BCAreetylpaetili td 'serrs'e; -nnft
ha§ bek-,n list 14 the veloCity,
iniOthei aria anOther, linage ;till 'Cog'-'
idea of all that previOnsly ate"-
pied ith the stamp of the lateit. Wh"'
therefore, there hat existed so much dilicnitY
appreelating events aS •they Were brought singlY
into contemplation; how hopeless secal the
task of being ahleto compress intociiit consistent
bass the annals of Eighteen Flund-ied and This teeo -
Volumes of Hisrory will not comprise the detail'
of this wonderful pel'ioti, titid vain and futile
wtilild be the attempt to record them in our s°
limited space. Generil views and g.cner.d.
marks must be and are the extent of our aim.

The Sword of Ambition,- shortened itt ituoi"
(where God appeared to have joined With man in
avenging the. wrongs of the -human kind) posses. 4"
ed yet so Mild' of power and force, testified 14.
the bloody fields of Lut'en and Bautzem, as:t°
afford the Spoilers hope of success, and fill ntbcf
hearts with doubt and apprehenion. The p 34
year has seen 'that sword more CorapletelY
broken :—its possessor, indeed„ still brandisl'c4
the'hilt, but the sharp -edged'blade is gone, and it'c
dangers of the weapon redneed to cum/tarot:l'4
harmlessness. Nation after nation hati risen " laF
a Strong num.- The fetters of tyranny, impo'-
with violertee, and rivetied in blood, have bee"
broken in pieces. Millions of our fellow-creata:l
have asserted -their rights, and from the Vistoo tJ
the Rhine man walks erect, and looks towards
yen with the fixed and beaming e'ye intlepeedeact''
Of all Europe only France and I t.tly remain tindrl
the yoke of slavery. Once chivalrous France at'l
once glorious Italy still groan and writhe beneath
a Despot's chains. Replunged into the darkos/
of a barbarous age, (he people of these countries,
a phenomenon in the moral world. For thins
light of science, which arose in the one, anti s1:014
with brilliancy for centuries in the other, DP
arisen and shone in 'vain. The monstrous systc°
of a Military Usurper required that ign-ora.
should fit th,eni, fur his instrument-, and by A
<„,11
fineutent of galling tyranny, he has bv--,gratt-
,,a
steps partially tkucceded in sultmergin% thew
that hyss whence they in common with the ":5t
of i.heir species hive been advancing for five Ii
dred yturs. We -trust, however, ilk suiliciLl'•
information is yet in, being 'to guide thew
their way from the dreary gloOnt
Inv chinations of a wretch have involved "them,
restore them to thc connuitnity Of
tni T
m h,tt, the hour of their deliverance i= °t,
hand WC Crei:V reason to believe. T.lat 1414
ti.cal-rnonster the Frencl, Revolution has rocee','
ed tlitongh all those stages Which intimatc
anpro:wh of its Conclusion. That Revolot'dli

Which 'unsettled the tni ad of the existine• .
• 42
tion, disorganized the soda;tion, sYstent, and loose''
all the tics which hound men together—that
volution whose watch-word was liberty, but
i march was blood, and whose purpose was.slgArerF"
.•1"
that scourge and terror of our race has ni:3'
'completed its 'horrid course. The princip!o
justice and truth have vanquished the prineiplo
delusion and anarchy`;--the rePdse and secit°l!
of Europe has been conquered., and are at
hour in the hands of Britain and her Confederatc#.
How they will employ the invaluable adynn,
is the •grand question upon which al. ibis tnoll;°10
all our hopes and expectations hinge. After,
contest of, - unekamplc..l. obstinacy—after ,she 5.t;
erifice of millions of lives—the 'adag contendel
for is now in our power; and tite balance, soul;i'g
with such constancy, perseverance vigo"6
attained in triumph, 'only waits to be ailiotel
with that equal poise 5
. which, through the !lessi(%."
of a lasting peace, may compensate for time I
and evils of a cruel war. A BritiA ;Minister hits
gone forth with all the responsibility of this gre4r
country-on his head. We have confidence in 5;11/
and will tell hint what the wishes of the p-orte
are. We'desire Peace ; but would.rather,
PT!!! page Yvkr.lOnle-handcd thattAgrc4.l.o
insecute truce With our mortal enemy Evo";''''
PARTE. We are nware that political coltaiderfr
tit?as bring it within the Verge of possibility ,►in mercy and justice to ourselves, •we should
kc
such an outrAge up-on our immoral feeling,s-as to Dt~
peace with this Tyrant.' Should the naitci,
olonion cif the Coutinental Poe,•e:•s tend t 0
general pacification, by which the present BP
ef
of Erance should ,be recognized and ' acloOsc4
hedged, though we • fought against that un14)1.1
when it was founded not on opinion but on c9;11-
• •5r
pulsion, we think it be wise not to're'le,
the -common impulse, and, therefore, under
circumstances, with proper securities and ot;
per -terms, conclude a treaty even with Pv('l"-;
PARTE. But we can never consider this as all
to be desired. While. a Seri -E of the moral
tJf
pity of, man exists among rdityn—•,vhle a se:JSC
political rectitude prevails among nations,' ther°_
can be no inclination to a Peace with the I.lsorli°.‘
Front met: and frnir. !iiil'4

•
. .
3elf y leEs"L-bis efieties -have proved
ki:•worthitu'is to 'be 'receiVeil within the
Pale of society7ei'lier Individual or as'ilie
lin,
• ,d of a Gavernment—far less to or anmitteu
into the filmtly'of 'Nino, to debase and degrade
every royal and 'anciently venetablelt6titution by
his presence. The villainies of this man, like the
events of Or: year, astound ifs by their extent and
number, and from our inability to comprehend
them, he seems to escape detection and adequate
(letestation. Let us, like S,TERNE, with his' cap-
live, single out one object—let us view it atten-
tivQly, and then inquire, Can the nations of Ett-
lope be safe at Peace With BuONAZ'ARTE as Em-
peror of France ? ought mankind to permit,
sn atrotions a Criminal to five among theta
The Duke D E tti CM F. ; the hope and pride
of thP Bourbon Race! how can we reconcile it

With (stlr interests or with our consciences to cul-
l? tnee his murderer And call hits our By,
V.,e seizure of this unfortunate Prince every law
Rf
noions was set nt nought, and can nations.
any reliance trion the itCrsen who commit-,
ted this o',Etnee, and douhlesi it by- a s:ulliar
on FERDINAND ot Spain ? Ily the ussassi-
tr'll" of this brave •Pi:i noble Prince every law
°f
(:"a lo(1 Nature xvas set at defilnee, and 'can.
Iny their irdods. num: their 4icAfts :sled say
t't""clls ought to astoeiate with this Wood-
ained allfruln 7..—11 e fit for a Throne ! we hear.
ttatii,(l,llltc7, ,of millions exclaim—he is tit only fora

painful subject
. tint drt e upon this
b IVe will •11
tint tur
r) our eyes to the ,anteliOrated condition of
ie. cue'l c Ettrop ,si ‘ ytin whose provinces hied
the i-nvader:sste'el, can now scarcely re-
t'gnize the a for& foe on all her territory. With
.gn
Pntent aid of Britain, a 4 •
count!) • r • etuated by
"tiler principles than those which recommend a
P'''ace with BooNAPARTa, she has driven the op-
P'""ors (ram her soil, and.while the triumphant
fIC
()F. het Ally is reflected from the silvery
1.-"tir, needs only to employ heriel( in' the conso-
I'Lti" of that stren:rh she has sti miraculou,lr
rv"ere'l- Holland offer,: 'another glorions ntinin-
t-iI
le" °F Britain's greatness;
•'nit on thasituation of
1,1.' ' :ii er""itry, as we,ll as of our other Allies, of Ilussta
.
1:1'14, Austria, Sweden, we are in the daily
lt" "1 saving so much, that repetition world be
:,, (",tishere. Suffice it t° suY , that hy the ,tead Y
• they
'erenct tqlhe doctrines we are enforcmg,
-'e hrot,,,t
splendid era—.
~.. :7 it the good cause to a
tt
t".
c weakened, if not given the mortal blow
u the 1
‘‘Yrant.. and tit: re is every prospect betor,44,
RS, tit
' 'toe first six months of thc,. year *e
Lave 4- ip ,
t c"""elleed will - bring to an auspicious
emioation the work Si 'nobly pursued in -the .
eighteen tuouth
s that are past. •
NIV,i • ie
• ' abroadli the constancy and honest policy
of Britaiti are reaping reapin their bt-ighw rew3rd ill uw-
i alrt,
) -sPeritY--at bone onr condition is etwallY
mpruveit. Ther
the County
''•
e is no want of- ernpl.yment in
7
• 'very mechanick has a demand
ti'ior L vis labonr,
every manufacturer a demand for
,i 3 g()0(1-1). evetv trader a demand for his merehan-
"i4e• So blessed are .we—so notorir.msly happy
in, every respect, that even the tongue of Faction is,
shaniedinto unwilling silence: Except in one dark
itvt , ;ill is serenity and contentedness in these thrice,
tavoureit Realms. We allude to that dangerous
and wi:ked combination of' ,),ues whose
• Machinations disturb the ttan q uiiit y of:- the sister
,
Island. The latest Allies of BuoNAPARTE, they,
,lik;e him, would, plunge
as again into the dark-
, 'less of Runtish superlition, nail raze to the.
foand,tior, that immortal fahriek, TUE CONSTITU^
21°14, under which we have reached the daz-
zling height on which we now stand. Sosuceess-
ful have been their schemes, and. usoad u acios
have they become, that they openly proclaim
' their hopes ~,,t seeing the Protestant NrovaLTY
at the P.
rit ish Establishment in Church and State
‘Prr°3lrated thel'altar of triumphing Popery.—
.1" t reioice that their vanity and arrogance have
tc-',,":,l)‘.4yed their aims—the late decision of the
• -'"Ile 13
the cold yard will confirm the wavering, warm
. .
, and unite in firm plialan:< every Protes-
tant in thes
all
C lands to repel: the danger with which
th lt •
' IS dear to them is threatened.
secure at home and respected abroad, consistent
and °l3n •in our policy towards foreign States,
and our
under the wisest form of Government
that ever ws-devised, Britain will long continue
t/hite ornament and pride of the Universe—the
t"' 91. the oppressor, and the stay of the op-
Pressed.

Thds

in conclusion, we trust we may he permitted to
`l)' a few words on a Minor, but to us very itt-•
t."ting-subject. While eve congratulate our coon-
Y on the triumph of those principles upon which
this Paper was established, and which it has with
consistency, unfortunately rare in the history
Qf °Pr press, maintained 'with unabated zeal for
°re and • twenty years,—while we rejoice • with
4el•y Patriot in the re*plendynt con,itimultion
W 444/ 14ts fulfilled oar hopes, we bt, :o re-

turn cur most sincere ibanki for that support
. ,
has cheered us thraugh diftcult,
and. is now rewarding us in the better era
of our daily labours. .Were we :not
•
influ-
enced by nobler motives,,,interest,alone would
keep TnE Sus steady to those immortal princi-
,-
pies Which saved 'this count' r 7 in the general wreck
of nations, and have ultimately
,recovered the
world from the 6epest humiliation and misery ; we
state it with feelings of no common satisfaction, that
the prevailing sentiment of the population and the
complete ascendancy of the VITT SCHOOL is mani-
fested to us
.by a daily increase of our circulation,
which, in the course of four months, has added
in the proportion of one-fifth to our daily sale.—
For this we thank our rriends, and if we exult
in it more than seems 'requisite, we hope it will
received, not so much as the ebUllition of
private gratification, but as justly sanctioned,
rejoicing in the absolute and unequivireal triumph
of those, principles we have ever perseveringly;
though humble supported---:to the prevalence of
which the Country 'is indebted for all its lustre at
,titk the most brilliant moment in its career or

glory

We this day insert the chief articles of intelli-
gence in Calcutta Papers to Jul!. They are the
latest in this country, and will 13C 10110 Wed by
further extracts cn iNionday. We also cortinue
our American 1.C.ny5,...0f which, the last from Sir
J. Yeo will be found under our _Naval head ; the

only other paragraph worthy of notice is, the fol-

lowing ••7-

[From the Q.leSec Gazette, Nor. 11• J

ah Tuesdav evoing intelligenee hrn ugh
by express from Montreal, that about 200 Ame-
rican boats, with troops, 'missed Pres.cott- on Sa-
turday evening and during the nig'.t, till Sunday

{i~:)~ :)i:~~.

We have not hear,! of them since; but
we know that the whole cotmtry the vicinity of
Montreal has been called_out ; and that the MPo-
inns and other tro:ops have aar'dietl upon Char
teaugay to the Sault St. Louis.opposite Lachifte,
to w.hich latter place, the militia and troops front
l‘fontreal had proceeded.
" A short time will slew the destination of
the enemy. tits whole force, even if he were
united with ILimnotq's army, cannot • exceed
15,000 men. .If he is bold enough, and should
succeed in penetratincinto the Province by the
River, it trill only require a momentary effort of
the population. to secure him. We are satisfied
that every man throughout the Province, on such
-an oceasion,••wilft!link of nothing but of second-
. log the measures of Government for the destruc-
tion of the enemy, which in that case is certain."

The news from Holstein continues to possesss

much interest.

A "i\k!•;Fenger yesterday morning at an early
hour was sent after Lord CASTLEREPiGH With Dis-
patches, and in the event of his Lordship having
sailed, he was Orcleredoto follow hitu in any vessel
that might be at Harwich.

Some private aclvices have been received from
Holland, to the 28th ult. which stele, that Lord'
CLANCAnTY had been particularly active in for-
warding the commercial regulations on Which the
trade between this country and the United Ne-
therlands is to. be founded: Among the arrange-
ments it is now, we Whderstaud, Bermitted, that
refined sugar should be imported into Holland at
tcn gitilders per cwt. with the addition of a duty
of two per cent. ad valorem..
Advices received -ysterday from Alicant of :he
11th tilt. state, that the fortress of Denia had at
length surrendered to tl•c Spaniards, and that the
garrison Were made prisoners of war.
Accounts have been received from France, which ,
as far as they relate to commerce, indicate an al-
most total stagnation of ,Mercantile intercourse in

.
Mr, COURVOISEUR: King's Messengb., left town
early yesterday morning, with dispatches for Lord
CASTLEREAG

Accynnts froM Sicily state, that Lord WILLIAM
BENTINcK had, subsequent to the dlssqlution of
the Parliameirt, found it necessary to adopt strong
measures for the preservation of the public tran-
quility, and to threaten the enemies of the
Constitution with punishment by summary mill-
tan; process. With tbis view, his Lordship issued
a Proclamation, dated Palermo, October 31, 1813,
in which he says, that he has pledged himself to
his Majesty the KING, and to his Royal Highness
the HEREDITARY PRINCE, to guarantee, that,the
Royal Assent given to the tundamental principles
of a frve Constitution in Sicily, should not com-
promise either the safety of the Crown
.or the
public tranquility ; that until the Varliament,
about to he called, should assemble, it was neces-
sary to provide for the good order and security of
the Island, by suppressing the existing contusion
and irregularity, which threatened a fatal destruc-
tion not only to the liberty of the subject, but to
the safety of the State ; and that until the 41ori-
otts work of the Constitution, so happily begun
by the Parliament of 1.512, should be firmly con-
solidateA, he had taken upon himself the respon-
sibility of maintaining; the public tranquility, with
the aid of the tortes entrusted to his command.
lie. had therefore issued this Notice, declarintz,
that he would punish by summary mili.ary process
every disturber of public peace, assassins, and
all other enemies of the Constitution, who should
in any way obstruct the 111Ca5llVeS of Government,
ur manifest any other hostile disposition:

, ,
10 E T
_lt Y.

.

THE DEPARTURE OF 1813.
• o
Eighteel; hand-red and Tbiy.ern, 1 bid you adieu,

In the dark to eternity jog; ,
Before you took leave you had got ett: of sight,
And ego w you are *t 0.0 fog.

, SOLILOQUY—TO
.I‘lY FIRE.
'Twag reigq--", the witeltingtie,o!klight,"

When wizard spells have pow'rto raise the dead,
That nnoingupon cl,.ys of past delight,
I sat alene—wheu all were gone to bed.
Upon the hearth the dyinr, embers fell,,

Emblem of man, ancl'eniWem of his fate;
And seeni'd, thoug. h silent, tiii3 sad truth to tell,

Unpitied fall the ashes of the great."
" And thus," I answered, " sAtiga;rre boyhood
Hls prospeTts brighter than yen glowing fire--
Om inoment love a flame wititi'n hitaglows, •

iluench'd by scorn, will in the next expire.
6 And thus some t:air, in youth am) beauty blooms,

Attract in round her unary a brilliant spat k;
But wlin that youth and beautyttzue con •utztes,

Love is extinguish'd too; and ail is dark !
" And eft; the proid one for a while may shine—
With glittering; pomp the multitude controul—
yet rcasp an 6 glittei must lie -;:au resi4n,.
And tuni to ashes yon blacken'A coal
"'What then is man !—a vapour lima his birth,
That lines by podifing—tiies smoke ;-
And wflen'the alevel layi hill, in the earth,
The ttious.n.ds Aivcs This ticed3 ;..1 poke!"

IVI2,;DSOit, DEc. 3.1.

Yesterday morning the QUEEN, attended-by the
Doctors in waiting., visited the KING afterwards
her Majesty and 'the Princesses went to Frog-
more, at which time the weather proved remarka-
bly fine.
Princess MAr.Y. is getting better very fast, and
rode in a carriage and tong..
This morning- her MAJEST-7, Princesses Am;us-
TA and ELIZABETH took_an airing towards Maid-
enhead.

Princess MAIY rode as usual in a carriage and
four during the time the weather was tine.
On Wednesday the Dragoon who was sent
from London the particulars of the Marquis
O WELLINGToN's victory to the QUEEN, and went
o;1' at six o'clock, did not arrive here till four
o'clock in the morning, in cgmequence of losing
his way in the fog, although he procured a can-
dle and lantern fromliounsiow, but it proved .of

no use to him. He ought to have arrived at nine
o'ciJek in the evening.•

FA.t,iIIONS FOR JANUARY.

PROMENADF: CCSTUME',.—.lplaiti cambric r01P2., with long
athered sleeve and high arched collar, trimmed w;th net
lace or muslin. A Spanish lapelled coat of fine orange Me-
rino cloth ; full epaulette ornaments ou the shoulders; the
whole lined throughout with whiie sarsneut, add trimmed
;vitt; a raised border of white velvet or swan down. A small,
provincial bonnet of the stone material as the coat, ornament-
ed with a full eurled.,istrich feather. White spotted ermine
Chinchilli mutt. Gloves grey or' 144 Llkte Md. Huh.-
hciots orMige-co!wsired jean or velvet.
M'-::ti No bituss.—A round robe of plain jaconot muslin,
Stith spencer bodice, and rounded fatliug collar,_ edged with
lace or needle work ; rh.e same ornamenting the bottom of III::
dress. A looSe rob i,elisse of Indian muslin, thrown quite
open in front, trimmed entirely. round with a full gathered
border of muslin or place; the back confined at the bottom
with a lemou-coloured rihand, bmilizlit round the waist, and
tied in .bows and ends in front The Flushing mob cap, com-
posed entirely of lace, ornamented with lemur-col cured ri-
band, which also confines it under the chin. A small rosary
and cross of amber, twisted round the wrkt, and a broach
of the same confining the dress at the throat. Slippers and
gloves of lemon-coloured kid.—dchermarrn',v Repository.
