FRENCU PAPERS,
EAECEIVED THIS -1%1611:1 (NG.)

CIIANIBER. OF.IV.PUTIES, APRIL A.

The sitting opened >st half past twelve.
The Prekident-1 ought, before the reading of
the Process Verbal, to communicate to you a
letter from the ISlinister. This letter will explain
the reason of the return of the President to the.
Chair.

" NI. le President,---t hare infermed the King of your in-
tention is resign the functions of President of the Chamber

of Deputies.
" His Majesty has charged meta request,' awl iticeessnly,
`positively to desire you, on rils part, to 'continue in the
Chamber, at least until thr conclusion of the iiiscrission ost
the. Budget. I hope, then, that !cots will not refuot the wishes
:of the King.

" Receive, N.t. le President, the•assurnnee, 8:c.
" DUKE du ItTCIIIJEU."
(Number of voices)—Print the letter I
I'mi:int.—lt is a thing which is merely her
togal.

M. Alexis de Nnailles.—Print it ! what is per.
with respect to you, is common to tiq all.
(A Voice.)•—Tl,Erik az. not _members sufficient
in the Chamber to determine upon it.

The discussion 0:1 the Cnctoine was then re.
lamed. And after the adoption of some articles
it was deferred till Saturday. The discussion on
Elections Will commence to-morrow.

CHAMBER OF' PEERS, Aram 9.
A Member made a proposition, the tendency
of which Was, to pray the Nine; to order his Nii-
Itister for Foreign Affairs to write to all the Courts
of Europe, that would open a General Negoela-
tion with the Barbary States, in order to oblitre
these Powers to respect the flag of the European
Nations, airil; to put en end to the slavery at
r Christians. The Subject will be taken into con-
sideration very shortly. •

The henitli of the Kilig stilt continues to im-
prove. fie walked with rather more ease to-dy.
The Chamber of Deputies it uominAted rts
Connuis)ioners, for the conshleration of M. de

Kergorlay's prppositiou relative to the respou

sibility of 11ioilters—
Mrscri. d Trinquelazue, de Cardonuel, Tleugnot;
dr la ltigaudir, dr Kergorlay, Piet, deLongut ve, TiMatnarri:
and the Marquis of Cati.ans.
_ _

It Ints also n►►minated as Cott►miseioners (or the
law of Elections—

Messed. de VilUle, de Folleville, Dassumier Tombrune,
do llouville„Planelle de la Valette, Piet, Clantel eie Coils-
sarrgseg, da Cnrbire, and do Luzines7
APRIL 10,---Several Journals announce to-day
the departure at the Duke of Wellington fut• Cain..
bray, but as yet only preparations have been
made.

AbOve the Chapel of the Castle has been placed
the colours of the 10th regiment of the line. In
the midille two branches of laurel form a circle,
in which is the following inscription ;
" Proleria rxentpla
" Fidenue futuri."
At one of the angles is the name of the regis
mem, and at .he other that of the Colottel.

The Sec:mu' assassin of M. Thornton has been
taken, and is now in prison.
At,
the sitting of the Court Royal at Rennes,
the gendarmes perceived that one of the. Officers,
tailed as a viitneu, wore a button with the eagle.
The President being informed, he was condemned
to three months imprisOntneut, and the loss of
half his pay for five years.
The cause of the persons concerned in the
escape of Lavetette will come.on the, 22d of this
mouth. The Court will open on the 18th.
The Advocates who defended General Travot
at Rennes have been let 'at liberty, nothing hay-
ing beau found against them,
The Prevotal Ginn of last Monday condemned'
four persons for making nse of seditious discourse.
Two of them belonging to the artillery had atm
tacked and wounded two persons for opposing
their sentiments. , One of these was transported
fur life—the other to two years imprisonment.
Robberies have been so frequent for this six
Months in the town of Nancy, during the night,
that the strictest measures of precaution havebean
resorted to.

VIENNA, MAM! 30.—The Emperor has been
confined main days to his bed with a fever bat is
no recovered.

It now appears certain that the occupation of
the countries of Salzburg and Pawl ceded to
Austria, is only retarded by the settlement of the
indemnities claimed by Bavaria.
The State Conference is now occupied, by order
of the Emperor, with the important question,
whether or not it would he for the advantage of
Austria to create a marine for the protection of
her flag in the Adriatic ? be greater part of the
Council are of opinion that it will not be neces.
sary ; and that it is sufficient to maintain a good
understanding with Great Britain and the Porte,
in which case our navigation is not likely to be
molested.

`clic last acsouuts from Turkey state, that the
