THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 18401

t along with a great body of electors, on two grounds— t
first, because he was a Papist, and a Papist ought not
to represent a Protestant constituency; accord, because
Mr. Blount was a son-in-law of the Duke of Somerset—
and one near relative was enough in all conscience to re-
present their borough. These arguments had their effect,
for at least a dozen voters had immediately come forward
and tendered their support to -Mr. Baldwin. This must
not be made a nomination borough ; even Mr. Watson
felt and admitted the force of these objections at the last
election. The Whigs had now applied to an opium
merchant ; no doubt they wanted to send them to sleep,
but their adversaries would find them wide awake.—( Loud
cheers and laughter.) The opium merchant had however
found, on examining Mr. Blount's books, that Mr. Baldwin
had such a majority that he declined the contest. Their
opponents then applied to Mr. Blount, but let him come
when he liked, he would only meet with certain defeat.—
(Loud cheers.) Mr. Baldwin had been known to the
censtituency for the last twenty years. He had fought
their battle manfully,—ay, and bled freely.—(Loud
laughter.) Mr. Baldwin's conduct through life had al-
ways been honourable. He would have appealed to a learned
gentleman if he had been present—(He alluded to Mr.
Taunton)—who would no doubt be ready to speak to
Mr. Baldwin's character from long knowledge.—
( Hear, hear, and cheers.) The Whigs know it is absurd
to talk of returning any one but Mr. Baldwin. For his
part, he liked a contested election, it tended to stir up the
spirits of the voters. If Totnes was once made a close
borough, everything would become dull and stupid. This
was not a question between Tories and Radicals ; it was
between freedom and slavery. He was confident of the
result, and entreated the electors to unite heart and
hand to secure the return of Mr. Baldwin.—(Loud and
continued cheering.)
The proceedings then terminated, but the enthusiasm
of the electors knows no bounds. Ducal coercion,
boroughmongering, and low Radicalism have received
their death-blow in this town.
ELI VF.N O'CLOCK, MONDAY Nit-MT.—Up to this hour
no Whig candidate has appeared. The party state that a
brother of Mr. Gisborne, M. P., will arrive in the course
of the night with Mr. Blount. Mr. Baldwin's canvass
to-day has been most successfal.
The nomination has been fixed to take place on Monday
next, and the polling, should there be any opposition, will
take place on Tuesday.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM TIIE MORNING PAPERS OF TIIIS DAY.
( From the Morning Advertiser.)
In their proceedings on the China question, the Tories
have attained a climax of political depravity which com-
pletely throws into the shade all their manifold minor de-
linquencies. By the motion of Sir James Graham they
attempted to censure the Government for the outrages
committed by the Chinese ; and, failing in this, they now
propose, through Mr. G. Palmer, to justify still further
these outrages, by ;Affirming that " the refusal of the
Chinese Government to make compensation for the loss
sustained by British merchants in the seizure of opium,
is not a justifiable ground for going to war with that
country." By this proposition the infamy of the party
appears in yet more /is relief than by that of Sir James
Graham.

(From the Morning Post.)
The Corn-law question is not only a question in which
different classes of producers arc pitted against each other,
but it has become a political party question. The Whig.
Radicals are divided upon it, but tide Tories arc almost to
a man in fivour of protecting. British agriculture against
the competition of foreign agriculture. The Dissenting
preachers are very generally opposed to the Tories, and
unfortunately but too much addicted to the mixing up of
politics with religion, even from the pulpit. Taking ad-
vantage of this, the anti-Corn-law agitators, with a flat-
tering show of respect to the influence of these preachers
over their hearers, propose to them the advocacy of a po-
litical measure which the Tories are well known to oppose
with all their might and main. The preachers are, for the
most part, ready enough we fear to catch at the bait, and
on party grounds merely to venture upon the excitement
of the people against the existing law.
(From the Morning Herald.)
It is amusing to note with what commendable assiduity
Colonel Butler would seem to have followed the foot-
steps of his great master. As Daniel systematically jobs
the Popish votes at his disposal, Colonel Butler would
appear to have conceived the lofty scheme of doing a
little business on his own account, and of placing. in his
proper pocket, not in Daniel's, the equivalent of his aid in
securing " justice to Ireland"—in other words, of keep-
ing the Whigs in office. He, accordingly, opened a ne-
gotiation with the Government on his own account—and
tailed in the attempt to break down Daniel's monopoly.
Daniel became, in due time, of course, apprised of the
circumstance ; and not since Jonathan Wild undertook to
open Fireblood's eyes to the beauty of virtue, has there
been poured out a more instructive homily on the atroci-
ties of venality than that which the bloated mendicant has
levelled at the head of his half-emancipated serf.
(From the Morning Chronicle.)
The same fatality sterns to have attended the predic-
tions of the Tories abroad as at home. When Mr. Thom-
son embark, d for Canada, they called out to " stop the
Pique." Is there a single man, woman, or child now in
the British empire, who thinks that it would have been
better for the peace of Canada and the connection be-
tween the mother country and her North American co-
lonies, if the Pique had been stopped? When our
Indian army boldly advanced through the untried
mountain passes of Affghanistan, the Tories predicted
failure and misfortune. flow have their predictions
been realized ? When the intelligence of the gal-
lant capture of Uhuznee reached this country, they
sneered at it as an achievement of little moment.

What do they think of it now ? When hostilities
broke out in the East between the Sultan and his
Egyptian vassal, the Tories predicted a general Euro-
pean war, the annihilation of Turkey as an independent
power, and the destruction of English influence in the
Mediterranean. Is England less respected, the indepen-
dence of Turkey less secure, and the prospect of a general
war less remote now, than they were fourteen years ago
under a Tory Government, when a Russian fleet was
blockading the Dardanelles, and a Russian army was en-
camped under the walls of Adrianople ? What predic-
tion can the Tories point to which has been accomplished?
What advice of theirs which ought to have been acted
upon ? What principle or measure which the force of
circumstances has compelled their opponents to adopt ?
was very different when they were in power.
(From the Times.)

The Ministers and their Journals have thought proper
.o talk big, because the Conservatives have not yet actually
turned them out of office during the three months which
have scarcely yet elapsed since the present Session of
Parliament was opened by a speech from the Throne. At
this we arc by no means astonished. It is natural for a
man without any sense of honour to be ignorant of what it
is that constitutes disgrace, and indeed to plume himself
with especial arrogance on tho.se amongst the proceedings and
transactions of his life v, hide are beyond all others the most
shameful. The most signal stain upon these Ministers, col-
lectively and individually, is, that they are still in office.
For what is their history during the last three months ?
They, boasting that they have ever been a " Re-
form" Government, and that, being a Reform Govern-
ment, they are bound to stand upon public opinion
or to retire when it deserts them—these Reform "
Ministers, we say, have experienced stronger proofs of
contempt and execration from the country than any, the
weakest and most abandoned, Government that has ex-
isted within the last 200 years. Instead of abiding by
public opinion, they seem to found their only title to uffice
on the general wonder at their stubborn impudence in re-
taining it.

CAMBRIDGE ELECTION COM-

MITTEE.

(Continued from our Paper of yesterday.)
Mr. George Fisher—l am a banker at Cambridge, and
an elector. I usually vote for the Conservative Membei s.
On the first election after the Reform Bill, however, I
plumped for 'Air. Pryme. I remember Mr. Sutton came
to Cambridge in 1837 ; he came in May last to canvass the
electors in consequence of a report that Mr. Spring Rice
was about to be raised to the Peerage. He completed his
canvass at that time about the Ist June. Mitchell, who keeps
the Red Lion, is brother of Mitchell who kept the Eagle.
There was no Committee held at the Eagle, but several
friends of Mr. Sutton met there three or four times. lam al-
luding to what took place in May. A canvass took place at
that time, and I believe I canvassed some electors. Mr.
Twiss was the legal agent, and paid the bills. In the
month of May it was not certain there would be a vacancy.
If they were going to canvass a certain part of the town,
gentlemen connected with that part would be present.
These gentlemen always met at the Eagle. I was
present on three or four occasions. Mr. Sutton was pre-
sent then. At those meetings canvassing arrangements
were made. I saw some returns of a canvass in May.
After Mr. Sutton left in June he came down again in
August, about a fortnight before the election, and re-
mained till after the election. He was chaired. He then
left the Red Lion and went to Trinity College. He was
invited in consequence of the other candidate having been
invited. He did not sleep at the Eagle. There was no
organized Committee. All the electors and friends of Mr.
M. Sutton met daily at the Eagle, their head-quarters. I
should say there was nobody calling themselves the Com-
mittee of Mr. Sutton. The circular you read was done
without my knowledge or consent. It is dated
" Eagle Inn, Sept. 3, 1839." Of course that referred to
the whole body which met at the inn. There was another
circular sent in my name. There was another body ma
naging the election. On several occasions I took the
chair of the larger body. Other gentlemen did the same.
I was not Chairman of the smaller body. Mr. Twins and
several clerks managed it. I was there with Mr. Sutton and
Mr. Twiss on the business of the election. I remember Mr.
Marshall and many others being there. I have had consul-
tations with Mr. Sutton about managing the election. I
think he spoke to me in the yard. I have had conversa-
tions with Mr. Twiss about managing the election. I re-
member a letter addressed to me about the hustings by the
Town-Clerk. I saw Mr. Gunning about it, and made
some observations as a friend of Mr. Sutton. i3esides the
large room at the Eagle there is a small one up stairs. In
neither of those rooms did I see Mr. fiedley or Mr. W.
Swan. I have seen Mr. Marshall, Mr. Deighton, Mr.
Barker, and Mr. Twiss there, and I have seen Mr. Sutton
go in and out. There were writing materials, and I have
no doubt there were canvassing and unbound register books.
I gave orders for register books being interleaved and
hound. I think Lawrence did five or six copies.
Mr. Hatt has occasionally bound for me, but I do not
recollect his binding for me at the election. The registers
I saw in the room, and should say were not those Lawrence
bound. I think I have seen writing materials in the room
down stairs, and the clerks at work there. I think they
occupied the room above most frequently. I should say
the business done was making returns. I think
Mr. Barker had a book, but I am not quite
certain. I cannot answer whether that is the book they
were casting up the returns in. Mr. Twiss kept the re-
turns. They were filling up the book with the names of
those who promised.—[An objection was taken to this line
of examination, and the witness was ordered to witlidnw
on his return he stated]—Having looked at the book, it
was one in which they entered the returns of the canvass.
I don't know who has that book. There were copies of
the register present on that occasion. The book they
were making the returns in was there. The promisers were
marked off on the side. I have seen Mr. Parker, Mr.
Twiss, and, I think, Mr. Winter, write in it. I

never wrote in it myself. I have no doubt I have
seen Mr. Deighton looking over it. Occasionally
observations were made about the canvass. I

can't say if Mr. Sutton was present on those occasions—
think it very probable. I have no doubt he was.

I can't answer sihcther the result of the canvass was com-
municated to him. I had information front Mr. Barker
az to the result, andl have talked with Mr. Sutton about it ;
he seemed to have a knowledge of the numbers. It was
;Own we were walking about the streets. I have occa-
sionally canvassed with Mr. Sutton, and so has Mr. Barker.
I have no recollection of seeing Mr. Deighton canvass
with him. I have seen Mr. Fossett go out on a
canvassing party with him, and I have seen Mr. Bishop
canvass with him. I have not seen Mr. Edward Clarke.
I Lave seen Mr. NV. Swann, the younger, canvassing with
him at Barnwell, in the month of August. I think Mr.
Michael Hedle) was one of the party. I never saw Long
but once during the election. He did not to my know-
ledge speak to any of my party. I was out on
two occasions canvassing at Barnwell. I might have
been on the first occasion two hours or three hours.
We started from the Eagle. Mr. Swann and Mr. Hedley
were among us. I can't say whether I was there before
them. I think it probable Mr. Sutton and I went toge-
ther. Certainly he was acquainted with Mr. W. Sw«nn
and Mr. Hedley. lam not aware there were instruc-
tions for the canvassers. The party had canvas-
sing books. Mr. W. Swann had them at the Barn-
well canvass. I should say the entries were made i❑
pencil, by Mr. Swann. A great many houses
were canvassed on that occasion. Mr. Sutton went in, Mr.
W. Swann was by when Mr. Sutton asked for the votes.
He introduced Mr. Sutton to the voters. If the answer
was favourable to take it accordingly in his book, and so if
it was not. I understood there were many canvassers
at Barwall. I have seen Mr. Swann, jun., accompany
Mr. Sutton to canvass Barnwell on other occasion; than

those. I was present at the canvass. I think Mr.
I3arker was also with them. I have also heard from Mr.
Twiss that be was gone with Mr. Sutton there for that
purpose. I have seen a return of the whole canvas. A
calculate was made as to the numbers. Mr. Barker gave
me a return, and I talked to Mr. Sutton about it. He was
❑ot much at the Eagle. He would then enter into conversa-
tion. Mr. Barber and Mr. Deighton were present on those
occasions. I never saw 'Mr. W. Swann in the room up-stairs.

I believe some portion of the real business of the election
was carried on in the large room. I recollect Mr. Parker
being there with his book some days previous to this elec-
tion. Most undoubtedly the real substantial business of
the election was cArried on in both rooms. I have
heard arrangements made in the room down
stairs for canvassing. I have no recollection
of conversations taking place at other places respecting
the canvasses. I know Mr. Swann the elder—he lives in
Hobson-street. I think I have been at his house during
the election. We canvassed from there one day. Mr.
W. Swann did not go that day. I recollect being with
Mr. Sutton onco or twice at Mr: Swann's making
arrangements for canvassing. Mr. Sutton took part
in the discussions. Ido not remember his asking
Mr. W. Swann to go out canvassing ; I have done
so in his presence, he agreeing to it. I do
not recollect on those occasions the opinions of individual
electors being discussed. I have not seen Long there.
His shop is opposite to Mr. Swann's. I have been active
in the registration of late. I have known Long for se-
veral years.
The SPEAKER was then announced to be at prayers, and
the Committee adjourned until to-morr,,w (this day.)

GREAT EIGHT-OARED CUTTER
MATCH, BETWEEN OXFORD AND CAM-
BRIDGE.

The long talked of cutter match between eight gentle-
men of the University of Oxford, and a similar num-
bor of the University of Cambridge, wls decided
yesterday afternoon. Shortly after one o'clock, and
at high-water, the cutters were started, the distance
to row being from Westminster-bridge to Putney. At
i,tarting the Oxonians took the lead, and kept it till they
arrived off the Red House at Battersea, when the Can-
tabs went a-head, and maintained the advantage to the win-
ning boat,when they were declared to be the victors. Ihe
match was won by about a length. The distance was per-
formed in about thirty minutes. At starting the odds were
in favour of Cambridge, the odds being five to four, and
in some instances seven to four; and it is said that come
thousands will exchange hands by this contest. Most of
the crack clubs were out, and the river was crowded
with steamers, eight, six, and four-oared cutters, randans,
and wager boats. The bridges, wharfs, and banks of the
river were also crowded with spectators, who appeared to
be deeply interested in the result of the match, and nu
contest ever excited so much attention in the sporting
world, especially among the gentlemen of the river.
