ELECTIONS.

MEETING OF IIIR. LYALI2 S FRIENDS.
Yesterday a numerous body of gentlemen, friends
to Mr. Lyall, assembled at the City of London
Tavern, for the purpose of adopting measures to se-
cure the return of that gentleman as a Member for
the representation of the City of London in Par-
liament.
WILLIAM WARD, Esq., the late Member for the
City, was unanimously called to the chair.
The CHAIRMAN, in addressing the assembly allu-
ded to the professions and promises made by some
of the other candidates with regret, and deprecated the
undue influence which appeared to have been exercised
by the demand of pledges, as a security for the con-
duct of the representatives. If he were to inquire
anything of men who promised to interfere with so
many interests, it would be to know how many in-
terests they intended to leave undisturbed--
(Cheers)—whether their feelings of loyalty were
such as distinguished former periods, and whether
they did not feel indignation at the insult offered to
the Queen of England.—(Cheers.) He approved
of Mr. Lyall as a representative, because he thought
that gentleman competent to represent the mercan-
tile and shipping interests of the City of London.
Mr. THOMAS WILSON rose to propose the first
resolution.
Mr. BLANCHARD seconded the resolution, which
was carried unanimously.
Alderman LUCAS then rose to propose Mr.
LYALL.
Mr. Moaars seconded the motion, which was
carried unanimously.
Alderman BROWN moved the third resolution.
Mr. LYALL then rose to address the meeting, who
were evidently much disappointed at the exhibition.
He observed that some of the other candidates had
offered pledges and opinions. He had already de-
clared that he would give no pledges. Decision
ought to follow, not to precede, discussion and deli-
beration. He was not connected with any political
party. He acknowledged himself an admirer o►
a Constitution composed of the three Estates, accord-
ing to the principles established by our ancestors.
He was willing to reform any abuse, to repair any
deficiency—in fact, to accomplish any reform con-
sistent with the welfare of the country. and not cal-
culated to endanger it.—(Cheers.) He confessed
he was in a certain measure a Reformer, but his ob-
ject was to preserve, not to destroy.
Thanks having been voted to the Chairman, the
Committee was formed, and the meeting,, separated

REGISTRATION IN MARYLEBONE.
The revision of the lists for this borough was
commenced yesterday, by Messrs. Palk and Sandys,
at the Court-house, Marylebone. The overseers'
returns will form a large constituency, though far
less numerous than it might have been had the
whole of the householders qualified in the proper
time ; as it is, it will be about 10,000. Of these
there are 4,230 in Marylebone parish, and 32
claimants. In Pancras the lists contain about 4,000.
We did not ascertain the exact number in Pad-
dington.

The whole of the lists were not revised when the
Courts adjourned.

MIDDLESEX ELECTION.

Yesterday about 150 of the electors of the county
of Middlesex dined at the White Horse Inn, Ux-
bridge. Lord Henley, candidate for the county,
was invited.
Mr. NEWDIGATE took the chair.
After the usual toasts were given,
The CHAIRMAN felt great pleasure in having the
opportunity to propose the health of Lord Henley,
the candidate for the county. He considered it
derogatory to the dignity of the county, that Mr.
Hume should say that he was the representative of
it.—(Hear, hear.)
Lord HENLEY rose, and was received with loud
cheers. He entertained the most sincere desire to
perform his duty in Parliament, and what more
could be fairly or justly required of him ?—(Hear,
hear.) Some persons thought he went too far, and
others that he did not go far enough. Since he had
been called upon to come forward to represent the
county he had canvassed the town of Uxbridge,
and he sincerely regretted that he had not had an
opportunity of waiting upon every elector. In one
instance a shopkeeper had put this question to him,
" Sir, are you an advocate for political unions ?"
He certainly was pleased at the interrogatory, for
although he differed with violent men on both sides,
nothing so strongly excited his aversion as a politi-
cal union.—(Cheers.) His mind was most decidedly
and irrevocably made up as to the evil tendency of
political unions. His answer satisfied the honest
and independent elector and he secured his suffrage.
In the three estates of the realm was vested the
sovereign power, and an union that attempted to
bully the Parliament was unconstitutional, and re-
pugnant to the spirit of the laws.—(Cheers.) The
West India question was one of great importance
and interest to the people of England. He had had
the misfortune to excite the dissatisfaction in some
parts of the county by his first advertisement, but
he pledged himself to a speedy and complete aboli-
tion of West India slavery, not to be effected by
blood and rapine, certainly not; he was seeking a
great Christian end, upon Christian principles, and
by Christian means, and those principles forbade
the doing of evil that good might come.—(Cheers.)
Another question that more particularly and deeply
interested the country, and particularly the agri-
cultural interest, was the corn laws. He could
not conscientiously and fairly give any pledge
upon that most vital subject. The amount of the
public debt, and the necessity which existed for a
heavy taxation to meet the interest upon it, ren-
deredit a matter of extreme difficulty to alter the
corn laws. But he would go into Parliament unfet-
tered by decided pledges upon this question, and
should then feel most competent and fit to deal
with it.—(Hear, hear.) The next question upon

Several speeches were made, and the prrty sepr-
rated at a late hour.

MR. H UME• S FR lEND S.
Last night a numerous meeting of the friends of
Mr. Hume took place at White Conduit House
tavern, William Hanley, Esq., in the chair.
Mr. HUME, in a very lung address, explained his
political principles, which are well known to the
public, hav:ng been frequently published. He alluded
to Lord Henley's plan of church reform as one not
likely to effect any thing for the benefit of the people.
He said Lord Henley was a supporter of Ca•tle-
retgh's Administration, and, as a reward for his ser-
vices, he was appointed a Master in Chancery, by
which he pocketed 4,000/. of the public money an-
nually. He had been openly accused of atheism by
the supporters of that Nobleman, but he should like
them to come forward and put their piety in juxraw.
position with his, and let the electors be the judges.
tie made some further remarks on the means used
to send in Lord Henley, mid stated that Mr. Han-
nibal Sandys, brother to the revising barrister for the
county, had issued a circular calling upon the elee,
tors to vote in his Lordship's favour.
Mr. BRADEN said the Times had called Mt. Home
1 mere pound, shilling, and pence-man ; he took
leave to say that Mr. Hume must, therefore, be just
uch a man as they wanted, because it was neces-
sary that the people should have un accountant in
(he House of Commons to see how the public
money was disposed of. He asked M. Hume's
Opinion on the assessed taxes and negro slavery ; in
reply to which Mr. Hume stated that he was de-
cidedly in favour of an abolition of the assessed
taxes, but he was for a gradual and cautious eman-
cipation of the negroes.
Other speakers addressed the meeting in support of
51r. Hume, and resolutions in his favour were adopt( d

The Harlequin steamer arrived yesterday
from Rotterdam, bringing the Amsterdam Courant of
yesterday. The Dutch Funds remained nearly stationary,
the Two-and-a-Half per having been on Tuesday
10:1,- to 41, leaving off 40 7-16. It appears that 29 sail
of English vessels remained at Rotterdam yesterday whets
the Harlequin left. Private accounts received by this
,•onveyance state that his Dutch Majesty has demanded
further time to consider the proposals made by England
,nd France, some of them being quite new, and requiring-,
herefore, the most mature deliberation. Tile KING, it is
said, will avail himself of this delay to inform the State-,-,
General that he sees himself abandoned by Prussia, and tr.
announce the necessity of surrendering the citadel of Ant,
werp. This important point, it appears, has been in-
spected by a Committee of artillery and engineers, who re-
ported that, although it formerly might have resisted for
two or three months against any invading force, it would
now, from the peculiarly well-chosen situation of the new
Belgian batteries, be liable to be stormed and taken in as
many days, although such a step might be attended with a
considerable sacrifice of life on the part of the assailants.
This opinion, issuing, as it does, from very competent mi-
litary authorities, is supposed to have gone a considerable
way in making the King of Holland lower his tone. Be
that as it may, the protracted stay of the Dutch Ambassa-
dor in London, after an embargo and quasi-declaration of
war, goes a great way to countenance these rumours. The
Dutch seem to be sensible, however, of the danger. They
admit that the invention of steam-boats has materially
lessened the former perils of blockading their coast ; they
are free to confess that steamers may take the British and
French line-of-battle ships in tow, and, with very little
damage, convey them up the Scheldt, past Flushing, andk
the 700 heavy pieces of artillery which bristle its tiat.,
teries; in which case the citadel of Antwerp could rot
hold out for many hours ; nay, General Chass, with hi,
garrison, would be cut off and taken prisoners of war, and
all the Dutch navy in the Scheldt inevitably captured. To,
Dutch Government must be aware of these valuable paints
is well as individuals, and act upon them as soon as it—
dares.

UNITED SERVICE JOURNAL.—Amid the
mass of interesting correspondence given in this work for
the present month, there is an important communication
from Sir ANDREW HALLIDAY, comprising an account of
his now matured plan for a Naval and Military Lunatic
Asylum, upon a new principle of construction, the result,
as the learned Physician explains, of an examination of ear
plans of the Lunatic Asylums in Europe, in addition to, s,
thirty years' study of the disease itself. Sir Artv,xxvi's
letter, relative to this humane and excellent project, is il-
lustrated by a perspective view of the intended building.
A few days ago two children, one three and
the other only Imo years old, were playing together at the
door of a cottage in the neighbourhood of Pompaire, Deus
Sevres, when a wolf suddenly made its awe trance, sprang
upon the eldest, and carri.-d it off. The younger child
raised an alarm by his cries, and after some difficulty it
was made out that a great dog had run away with his
brother. The inhabitants of the village immediately went
out in pursuit. Their search was tor several hours fruit-
less, but at last, when upwards of a league from the cot-
tage, their attention was attracted by some faint cries
which issued from a thick hedge. On examining the
spot, they found the lost child, covered up by a quantity
of thorns and briars, without having received tne slightest
injury. There is no doubt
its prey,
wolf, finding itself
pursued, thus carefully deposited prey, in order to re-
sume it when the coast was clear.-- Galignani's m,c4,
sengtr.

•
el sa
ethers
arefollowing
fa mi i
igiorowd
iatt;:e to t es:;.;
AFFAIR OF HONOUR.—The Editor of the
11 Exeter Probably Newsmany Lolt eorurterl
of the shipmaster from New Bedford, who, after perform-
ing many whaling voyages, comtnandel a small brig tg
e,, British
were
er
Demerara. An altercation ensued hetween him an Eng-
lish military officer in a public coffee-house, which ended,
in an invitation to the Yankee, oanhtoshet
of part
pc of ,
at ti
t,r9
officer, to meet him on the beach next morning. His
antagonist, with his friends and
astonished to behold the New Bedford Captain approach-,ingbeating two harpoons,
He put one in the ha
the spot, attended by his mate,
hands of the astonished officer, then
measured his ground, took his station, exclaiming, ~ As I
am the challenged party, I am entitled to the choice of
weapons—l have accordingly selected harpoons—Glisttnce
e
eight paces. Here," be continued, addressing iiis mate,
~ take the end of the line, and stand by to haul that fellow
in." He then raised the ugly-looking weapon, poised it
above his head, and was on the point of throwing, when
the English officer, not particularly liking to have a har-
poon thus unceremoniously driven through his lyply by
the stalwart-looking Yankee, started back aghast, de-
claring that he would not tight with such ungentlemanly
weapons. The Yankee as obstinately persisted in not
fighting with any others...4mi the duel did not take place,

)
lc 7- iSt.k.7 ;44
which he should ex Otisitia villirtitte: urc!t.
He had, as his best tenili%ivell ill wt,., s sincere af-
fection for the opinions 'if, Nit tAttssfstft brethren,
whom be acknowledged to be most ready and wil-
ling promoters of religious and spiritual education►
for the rising generation, and the zealous advocates
for the abolition of slavery at home and abroad. He
was satisfied that many of the best men he knew
were in their ranks, and he advocated religious fret.
dom throughout the world. Anything in the shape
of partiality on the score of religious opinion was
abhorrent to his nature.—(Loud cheers.) But he
was a churchman and an advocate for a national es-
tablishment, as beneficial and necessary. He wt
determined to support the established church in
every legal and lawful way.—(Cheers.) Those er-
dowments possessed by the church were as much
the right of the church, and as inalienable from
ecclesiastical purposes, as the estate of any gentle-
man in the company. He could not imagine such a
situation of public affairs as could justify the
State in alienating that property, which he
considered sacred.—(Hear, hear.) He was free to
discuss other things which had a tendency to defeat
that friendly intercourse between the church and
the people. With a view to effect so desirable an
object, he would promote a proper commutation or
composition, and he could not see any prospect of
being ever able to concede more. It was quite
clear that the hierarchy were quite alive to the 111,=
cessity of a change, and he was sure that many
months would not elapse before the question would
be fully brought forward by persons capable of de-
riding the question. He admitted that the ques-
tion bad alienated the feelings of a great portion of
the people from the established church, and he
sincerely trusted that the subject would he so ar-
ranged as to render permanent the established
church, and satisfy the people.—(Cheers.) The
Noble Lord concluded, by expressing his willing-
ness to answer any question that ►night be put to
him:; and sat down amidst loud and long continued
cheers.
