FA SMIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

WINDSOR, SEPT. 29.—His MAJESTY left the
Royal Lodge both yesterday and this afternoon at
half-past two o'clock, and enjoyed each day an excur-
sion of three hours, driving himself in his pony
phaeton, visiting Virginia Water and other favourite
retreats in the Great Park. His MAJESTY was ac-
companied by Sir Charles Paget, and followed in a
second phaeton by the Lord Steward and others of the
Royal suite.
Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta took an
airing yesterday afternoon to St. Leonard's.—This
afternoon her Royal Highness passed through Wind-
sor and Eton for an airing in her open carriage, ac-
companied by Lady Mary Taylor and Miss Vyse.
The Duke of York took an airing in his carriage
yesterday, from half-past twelve till near three o'clock.
Sir Herbert Taylor, Sir Willoughby Gordon, and Sir
Henry Torrens, transacted business with his Royal
Highness, at the residence of the Duke-of Rutland,
in Arlington-street, yesterday morning. Sir Henry
Halford, Dr. Macmichael, Mr. Macgrigor, and Mr.
Simpson, visited the Royal Duke yesterday.
Yesterday was the birth-day of the Queen of Wir-
temberg, when her Majesty completed her sixtieth year.
The Duke of Sussex paid another visit yesterday
to the British Museum, where his Royal Highness
inspected the collection of natural history, manu-
scripts, &c.
Mr. Dykes, the King's Messenger, was sent off on
Wednesday night, from the Office of the Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs, with despatches to Mr. Se-
cretary Canning at Paris.
Despatches were sent off yesterday from the Foreign
Office to Sir Charles Begot, our Ambassador at the
Court of the Netherlands.

Sir Henry Halford left town, on Thursday after-
noon, on a visit to the King, at the Royal Lodge, in
Windsor Park. Sir Henry returned to town yester-
day morning.

THE DUKE OF Yonic.—We are happy to state,
that the assertion so positively made in some of the
Papers,, of his Royal Highness having undergone the
operation of tapping, is totally void of foundation.
Equally rejoiced are we to be enabled to add, that his
Royal Highness is in such a progressive state of im-
provement as to afford the most reasonable hopes of
the full and speedy restoration of his health.

The stone-bridge erecting across the Serpentine
river in Hyde-park is proceeding rapidly. It consists
of five arches, of about 30 feet span. It will be level
on the top, without any rise towards the middle, as
the arches are all of an equal height. It is building
from the design of Mr. Rennie, by Messrs. Jonathan
and Banks, the contractors.
Earl Bathurst has addressed a letter to the Gover-
nor of Demerara, which has created a great sensation
in that colony. His Lordship states, that Parliament,
and his Majesty's Ministers, stand pledged to give the
planters an equitable compensation for the tnanumis-
aton of their slaves, as well as to take such measures as
may ultimately, though gradually, work out the entire
abolition of slavery.

Mathews, in one of his first appearances, while per-
forming the Ghost in Hamlet, very badly, was hissed';
after bearing it a good while, he put the audience in
good humour, by stepping forward and saying,—" La-
dies and Gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my
humble endeavours to please you are unsuccessful ; but
if you are not satisfied, I must give up the ghost."

A Dut.tc tyrFut. COUNTRY.—When 1)r. Frank-
lin travelled through part of Scotland, he was attended
by a negro servant, who, estimating the value of land
ill proportion to its being clear of wood, as they do in
North America, exclaimed, while passing over the
barren mountains of Lochaber master, what
a fine country is this, where not a single tree is to be
seen for miles round !"—Dublin Patriot.

WHIMSICAL PUN.—When the Marquess of Tul-
libardine was at Cambridge, he was the subject of a
pun, by the young waggish cantabs, in the following
manner.—They took their opportunity and locked the
young nobleman up in his apartments, and then callingto
their fellows with much clamour, shouted " See Cicero
in prison !"--The Marquess was then expostulating
through the open window, and begging to be released.
" Cicero in prison !" said the puzzled cantabs, not
comprehending the joke.—" Yes, (said the joker) it
is 7ully-barred-in.---Dublin Patriot.

A SIMPLE PARAGRAPH.—The London Bridge
Committee, on Monday last, accompanied by Sir L.
Banks, in his steam-vessel, the Favorite, paid a visit
of curiosity to Sheerness Dock Yard, to see the im-
provements going on there, and afterwards went up
the Medway to Rochester, when they landed and pro-
eteded to Mrs. Ballard's, the Bull Inn, where a most
sumptuous dinner was provided, consisting of, turtle,
venison, and every delicacy of the season, with tvhieh
they expressed themselves highly gratified.--Kentish
Gazette.—My eyes, how extraordinary !

STATE OF TRADE.---It is gratifying to learn that
the state of trade, generally, is decidedly improving ;
that confidence is fast restoring, and that a better aspect
altogether is presented to the commercial world. There
is always at this particular season of the year a demand
for home consumption ; and from the inquiries, we
have made, we find that the purchases from all parts
of the country are made with more spirit, and with less
hesitation, than for many previous months, and in a
ratio equal to former years. Time, and the operation
of circumstances, natural to a decreased production,
and an improving consumption, will give that increase
of prices, which will give the labourer sufficient remu-
neration and constant employment. The measures of
Government, by allowing the import of corn, have
already given great satisfaction to the majority of the
people, and will produce results beneficial to the whole
community.—Stockpoit Advertiser.
We are
continues
to observe that the price of linens and
yarns y
! to advance gradually but steadily in
g our market. De spinning mills are now in full em-
ployment, with a prospect of permanency in the de-
mand for yarns.—Dundee courier.
The depression of trade has been severely felti
the weavers of Beith, in consequence of harness work
being their principal branch of manufacture. By re-
turns lately made, it appears that there are 524 looms,
of which 400 are standing idle. The sum of 50/,
remitted front Edinburgh for the use ofthopirn-winders;.
has been a most seasomaile relief to a number of des-
titute families,---Edinburg4 Evening Courant.

FEVER.---
e. W regret to state that fever is alarm-
ingly on the increase throughout the City generally.—
Dublin Patriot.

The small-pox is raging at Wells with extraordi-
nary violence. There are supposed to be not less tlutu
from 2 to 300 children in that city now suffering from
this dreadful disease..---afford Journal.
The measles are now very fatal Amongst children,
at Whitby. Scarcely is there a day
without four or
five funerals.--,Doncaster Gazette.
