Pi AVAL IN'T'ELLIGENCE.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)
PORTSNPOUTIT, May 4.—The Waterwitch, 10, Licut.
Henry Matson, sailed from Plymouth on Monday direct
for Sierra Leone, taking out Lieutenant Armitage and
three marines, late of the Rover, whose evidence is neces-
sary to condemn a slaver captured by that ship. The
Waterwitch, as soon us she has landed them at Sierra
Leone, will cruise off the Bight of Benin. This vessel
also carries out 40 supernumerary seamen, to be disposed
of as circuntatances may require.
The Modeste, 18, arrived at New York on the 29511, of
March, and left it on the 7th ult., for Bermuda.
The Fly, 18, left the Sandwich Islands on the 6th of
October last, for Otaheite and Valparaiso.
The Benbovr, 74, Captain Houston Stewart, which has
been commissioned about three weeks, appears to be fast
manning, being only ten short of her complement, and the
Gossamer tender has sailed from Liverpool with as many
volunteers as she could stow for this ship.
—The Hydra steam-frigate is nearly complete, having
picked up about 40 men since her arrival here.
The Britannia, 120, the flag-ship of the Commander-in-
Chief, was taken into dock on Wednesday, and has been
found, as far as the examination has hitherto gone, to be
cid
• ite effective. She will go out of dock again, for a few
days, on the 14th, to make room for the coppering of the
Queen, 110, which will be launched on the 15th instant.
The flag of the Commander-in-Chief is at present borne
by the Swiftsure hulk.

The Carron Steamer, to be stationed at Plymouth as a
tug-vessel, called in here on Wednesday, by which several
naval officers had an opportunity of seeing the useful ap-
plication of an invention of Captain George Smith, which
is to cover the upper part of each paddle with a life boat,
hoisted out of the water by two davits fixed on the outside
of the paddle-box. " These davits have each a strong joint,
and when the boat is hoisted up to the level of the upper
part of the box, it is inverted over the wheels by means of
'two putties from two upright iron standards on the inner
side of the paddle-box. The process appeared facile and
divested of complication.
The Mischief, Royal Yacht Squadron schooner, arrived
at Gibraltar on the 15th ult., fourteen days from Leghorn,
and sailed again the same day for Cork. Her Majesty's
brig Scorpion, Lieut. Gayton, arrived at Gibraltar also on
the 15th ult. from Malta.
-in Harbour—The Britannia (in dock), Victory, Ben-
bow, Exerllent, Royal George, Hydra (steam-frigate),
evaders, -Messenger (steamer).
At Spithead—The Curlew.
PROMOTIONS ANT) APPOINTMENTS.—Commander Richard
Henry King, to be Captain ; Lieut. Thomas Peter Do-
bree, to be Commander ; Messrs. R. A. Stewart and Jo-
seph S. Rendles, Mates, to be Lieutenants. Commanders
-...W. C. Phillott, to the Belleisle; Hon. S. A. Harris,
to the Racehorse; Joseph Corby's (1814) to the Victory,
vice Drury. Lieutenants—Henry F. Mills, and Wash-
ington Carr, to the Belleisle; C. S. Williams, to the/
Niagara ; Fres. S. Nott, and Samuel Powell, to the Race-
horse; Sydney Grenfell, to the Excellent. Second Mas-
ters—F. Kent, to the Victory ; T. M'Carthy, to the Cur-
lew. Purser Joseph Marsh, to the Niagara. Mates—S.
S. L. Crofton and Endo Wells, to the Druid; G. F. Day,
to the Benbow ; E. J. Cooper, to the Britannia ; H. Hall,
to the Benbow. Midshipmen—A. Bland, to the Druid ;
J. Gwynne, to the Benbow. Assistant- Surgeons—G. H.
Macharsie, to the Howe ; R. W. Martin, to the Naval
Hospital at Plymouth.
The Hon. John Coke, second son of the venerable Earl
of Leicester, has been appointed a volunteer of the Ist class
to the Britaninia, from Dr. Burney's establishment at
• Gosport.
',..PLyisonTn, MAY 2.—The Royal Adelaide, 104, flag-
ablO of Lord Amelius Beauclerc, will be paid off to-mor-
row, and the Impregnable, 104, will be commissioned on
t a S
ur-iY for the v, of Admiral Sir Graham Moore.
The barque r ~a
rrnelia repairing at rcanill was disco.
varael to be.oanndfirie on 'Tbu-rsday-morniCng; between one and
two o'clock
able -to Proceed s_to!nuch damaged that she will not be
fiwy assistance
was„uL her voyage to Quebec this season.
1 eing given by the boats from
immediately on the alarm
rut.bcmen-of-war, and the po-
Ace from the dockyard, who succeeded in extinguishing the
Gra evont four o'clock. No lives were lost, but one young
Iran bad his thiah fractured.

--4,
-..t.
. ?•-• " ' .:27.

,T 5 c ttai,

LONDON:
MONDAY, MAY 6, 1839-

At the Colonial office despatches were received
this morning from Sir LIONEL SMITH, the Go-
vernor of Jamaica ; but they contain no political
news whatever. An indisposition continued amongst
the Negroes to engage in any contracts for conti-
nuous work, but there was otherwise nothing re-
markable in the island.

The Marquis of CONYNGHAM has resigned his
situation of Lord Chamberlain, and it is said that
Lord UXBRIDGE will succeed him.

The Llanidloes riot in Wales seems to be at an
end. According to the Shrewsbury News of the
4th, the whole affar was much exaggerated, and
Lord CLIVE, on his arrival, found nothing to do,
and did nothing. We shall give the article in our
Morning Edition.

Sir ROBERT PEEL'S speech on Friday was an
elaborate but ineffective piece of special pleading.
He took up all the apparent weaknesses of the po-
sition of the Government, though at the risk of
discovery the next moment ; and deserting his own
party—its attachment to prerogative, and the ne-
cessary ascendancy of the parent country, he baited
the Radicals with illusory arguments about Con-
stitutions, and popular assemblies, in which he
showed little heartiness himself, and his followers
less; cheers came but languishingly and doubt-
ingly, they seemed to come like those of
a playhouse audience, which fancies there is a
hit or a joke, but of which it is not certain,
and therefore sends forth its cheer or laughter by
instalments, or haltingly. We note this as indica-
tive of the prevalent sentiment of the House,
much more than the blustering mouthing of a par-
tizan, which expresses often little more than the
sentiments of the speaker.
We do not wonder at this effect. Sir ROBERT
PEEL, who generally gets up his case well, lacked
facts and points on which he could rely ; and there
were some which he passed by, although they must
have been in his remembrance. Thus in profess-
ing to enumerate the measures passed by Parlia-
ment with reference to Jamaica, since the Emanci-
pation Act, he omitted the Emancipation Amend-
ment Act, in which, with the concurrence of Sir

ROBERT PEEL and the majority of his party, al-
most every point connected with the internal econo-
my of the Island was interfered with, especially
the state of the Prisons.

Again he endeavoured, as much as possible, to
attribute the contumacy of the House of Assembly
to the discourteous conduct of Sir LIONEL SMITH
—but so far from this having any thing to do
with the conduct of the Assembly in this instance,
Mr. LABOUCHERE proved, by extracts from the
speeches of the leading Methbers of the House of
Assembly, that they did not complain at all of Sir
LIONEL SMITH'S conduct : on the contrary, they
distinctly acknowledged that he bad behaved to
them with great courtesy, and that their quarrel was
with the Parliament and with the Government.

Sir ROBERT PEEL, not being Minister, but
looking forward, possibly, to the possession of
office in 1840, says that he would not now deal
with the Assembly according to the measure
proposed by the Government ; he would do so,
then, if the House of Assembly do not in the mean
time comport themselves more submissively. Now,
what chance is there of such a change of demea-
nour on the part of the Jamaica Assembly ? In
all cases of character, it is usual to take for our
guidance, not a single action, but the general con-
duct of the offender; and if that be good, to over-
rule even plain evidence of offence, or at least to
mitigate the punishment accordingly. But here
we are called upon to believe the latent virtue of an
old and tried offender, who has never done good,
except by compulsion, and then as little as need
be, and who in the present case has behaved like
other irredeemable convicts, bearding and insulting
his Judge, whom he supposes too merciful and
dignified to take notice of his aggravated profligacy,
Suppose the Parliament to relent, to trust to thee
possibility of there being a redeeming trait in the
character of this body—that they will return to
their duty, and do next Session what they refused
to do in the last : that these proud, warm-blooded
Colonists—having sworn to do nothing till Parliament
recanted—will at once pass over what they deem
to be the Parliamentary insult, and accept the
hateful measure. What is to be expected from
these people, has occurred in the case of the
Duke of NEWCASTLE. It is said, that he wrote a
very unbecoming letter to the LORD CHANCELLOR,
which, in a most forbearing temper that personage
returned, in order to give the haughty Noble an
opportunity of amending his plea; but no, his pride
was too high for submission, and he repeated the
offence. Just so it will be with the Jamaica
Assembly : they will gain greater boldness from
forbearance, and assume a haughtier bearing.

But what in the meantime—while the two
Parliaments are bowing and scraping, waiting in
diplomatic attitude for :mutual concessions—what
will be the fate of the affairs of Jamaica ? Will
the Negro population stand by, patiently observing
the movements of these wise bodies ? Will they
not gather hope for themselves in the unsettled
strife ? When such mighty changes have taken
place, as the recent changes in the condition of the
Jamaica population, it is not to be expected that
the feelings, the sentiments, the opinions, observa-
tion, and the knowledge of the people will be quies-
cent, that they will await the issue of the disputa-
tion. On the contrary, at such times, mankind are
apt to make starts outstripping all calculation,
and demanding a degree of instant, and con-
stant exertion on the part of the governing
powers, to cope with the new emergencies
that continually present themselves. At such• a
time Sir ROBERT PEEL says wait a while, a little
time and they will come round. But what if all
oppoitunity of meeting the difficulty pass away ?
What if, by leaving this duty to be performed in
1840, it become itppossible to do it at all ? If 1840
finds this question companioned with others of
more pressing need, or the difficulty has assumed
a shape beyond the help and providence of mortals :
what if, by irritation and annoyance, arising from
the unsettled state of the law, by disputes about
wages, and the occupancy of the provision grounds,
and by the admistration of the law, as well as
legislation being left entirely, without controul or
regulation, in the hands of. the enemy; there should
arise in. the Black population a disturbed policy
that 'should refuse to be guided or regulated
by ,their., friends or by the Government, how is
the matter then to be dealt with ? Then, forsooth,
as in 1829, Sir ROBERT PEEL will come down to
the House in timorous haste—implore the Legisla.
ture for GOD'S sake to take instant measures to stop
the enemy at the gate—to cure the evil which had
grown beyond the reach of remedy, and to put
down the spirit of agitation and of force, that, once
fairly raised in a people, is never quelled. The
history of England is a history of such agitations,
which are begotten by resistance out of cherished
abuse. More recently Ireland has shown the
like results, which are felt even to this day ; and
though it is curious enough, and impudent too, the
Tories, who are foster-fathers of the mischief, deny,
as hypocrites sometimes do, their own chance-
begotten thing and the spirit of agitation which
they have evoked. Let us have a care that we do
not add the Blacks to our list of agitators, for
passive resistance will surely not be their tactics.

Our Journal to-day contains several, in our
opinion, lamentable and even alarming matters.
We have a proclamation against unlawful assem-
blies for training and military exercise, and we have
a short extract (borrowed from another paper, for
we have no report of our own,) of Mr. Stephens'
speech, at the Crown and Anchor, which was first
listened to with breathless silence, and then
vociferously applauded, denouncing that pro-
clamation as treason to the Constitution,
and condemning the people who obey it.
We have an account of eight men being •
arrested• at IVlanchester. for training and drilling,
and no inconsiderable exciteinent and riot in
Wales. At the same time we hear of two regi-
ments being brought over from Ireland, and the
people of England arming to a considerable extent.
We dread therefore a conflict bet Ween the mili-
tary and the people, as there is already a
palpable opposition between the latter and the
authorities. We regret to have to state these
matters, because, in conjunction with others, they
forbode no good for the country. We shall
rather watch these events and their consequences
than comment on them at present, but we conceive
them to be of a nature to excite in a remarkable
degree the interest of the public.

We have seen a private letter from Welchpool,
dated May 2d, which states that the origin of the
disturbance there was a resolution to arrest the
President and Secretary of the Union, with some
persons who had gone round to the farm-house,
asking for, and in some cases, stealing arms, &c.,
which the writer says was done, in some in-
stances, by notorious characters, profiting by
the excitement to follow their occupation.
The writer gives much the same account as
we have already published of the events there,
with many details, as he • was a party con-
cerned. We regret that we cannot find room for
the letter, but cannot omit stating that the
writer, who seems well-informed, affirms that the
people of Llanidloes and the neighbourhood are
resolved to fight the cavalry, and that they con-
templated, which he and others had prevented, an
attack on the workhouses.

We have re-perused Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S
letter to his constituents. and we cannot express
any satisfaction with it. The demands on our co-
lumns, however, with other circumstances, prevent
us from taking any further notice of it to-day ;

but we cannot suffer even this day to pass without
expressing our hope that this pamphlet does not
express the opinions of the Cabinet. Lord Jon N
RUSSELL dues not in fact profess to speak for
his colleagues ; he professes only to speak for
himself, and he must bear all the praise or all the
blame which belongs to the production. We shall
take an early opportunity of expressing our opinion
of this pamphlet at some length.

The crowded state of our columns prevented us
from noticing on Friday or Saturday, as we intended
to have done, a very extraordinary speech delivered
by his Grace the Archbishop of CANTERBURY,
at the annual meeting of the National Society for
Promoting the Education of the Poor in the Prin-
ciples of the Established Church, held in West-
minster on Wednesday last. This speech, which
is carefully reported in that organ of unadulterated
fire-and-faggot orthodoxy, the Standard, will afford
greater delight to the Roman Catholic hierarchy
than crumbs of comfort to the sturdy sticklers for
the principles of Protestantism in England and
Scotland. The Protestant Primate of all England
—the main pillar of the Church—professes to
have as little respect for a plan of scriptural
education only as little confidence in the efficacy
of the Bible, without note or comment, as an uner-
ring rule of faith, as Dr. WISEMAN, Dr. MUR-
RAY, PETER DENS, or the POPE himself. The
Archbishop does not insult the understanding of the
people by feigning to believe that the bare perusal
of the Bible would ever lead them to the sponta-
neous adoption of the Thirty•nine Articles. His
Grace does not pretend that the study of the Scrip-
tures, unaided by ecclesiastical authorities, and the
expositions of the Fathers, would lead the youth of
Great Britain to select the Cathedral of
Canterbury as the model of a temple dedi-
cated to the only true, as well as legal, form
of worshipping GOD. Neither does he say a word
about the efficacy of pray in procuring light from
Heaven to illumine the seeming obscurities of the
Sacred Volume. No, no ; the Venerable Prelate
denounces the putting the Scriptures without note
or comment in the hands of children as a " perfect
mockery I"—thus adopting not only the forms but
the language of the Holy See. Lest we might be
suspected of misquoting or misapplying the words
of the Most Reverend Prelate, we beg to in vitege-
neral attention to the following extract from his
Grace's speech as reported in the Standard of
Thursday ;
He could scarcely conceive any greater mockery than
that where a school, professing to give instruction, refused
to afford to the children such explanations as were neces-
sary with respect to their proper understanding the infor-
mation they' might read. Was it the mere act of reading
words which made children understand their real effect and
meaning? Most undoubtedly Lot. Was it by such a
course of learning that the children whose examination they
had that day heard had arrived at their knowledge ? As-
suredly it was not. Did the meeting conceive that those
replies could have been made in the very satisfactory man-
ner in which they were, had the children not been pro-
perly instructed in the doctrines and principles—those
doctrines and principles being fully explained to them
by competent persons—of the Established Church ?
( Hear, hear.) The meeting had witnessed the results
of the, system under which the children had been taught to
comprehend and understand what they had learned ; and
he would ask whether, if they had not been directed to
the meaning of the texts they had so read by the teachers,
how they could by possibility have acquired that knowledge
and intelligence on the subjects which they had displayed ?
—( Hear, hear.) And when he heard it said that particu-
lar creeds or forms of faith, or explanations of faith, were
denounced as the inventions offallible men, and when it was
said that the Scriptures were to be put into the hands of
the children without note or commentary, he could not help
exclaiming, " Why the thing is a perfect mockery !" It
was utterly imposssible that children without having the
Scriptures properly explained to them, could arrive satis-
factorily at the meaning of what they read.—( Hear, hear.)
And then with regard to the creeds alluded to—why, they
were derived from sources of the greatest antiquity, and
had met with and received the approbation of the most
learned and able men of past ages..---( Hear, hear.) But
some persons there were who said that the children
must have the Bible put into their hands without note
or comment. Now if that were done, it must be perfectly
clear, whilst the sacred book was unaccompanied with such
note of comment, that the schoolmaster,, be ,he whom he
might, necessarily became the commentator.-...,( Hear,
hear.) And consideriug what human nature was,,and how
such schools were supplied, it was easy to conceive how
imperfect and deficient must be the instruction so im-
parted when compared with the assistance rendered by the
teachers which the Society proposed to provide.—( Hear,
hear.) There were many persons who conscientiously
differed from the doctrines and forms of the Church of
England. Well, then, let those parties educate their chil-
dren according to their own peculiar principles, and let
their teachers explain and endeavour to make them under-
stand what they read.---( Hear, hear.) But to give them an
education as to thAir religious and moral duties by merely
placing the Bible in the hands of children, and saying,
" There, read and judge for yourselves," did appear to
him to be the most perfect mockery he had ever heard of.
Hear, hear.)

Read this ye Kildare-street disseminators of the
Bible without note or comment----ye wholesale
rejectors of Rhemish Notes and Douay Versions—
and tell us, is this what you understand by the
boasted principles of Protestanism ? Mark, too,
the contempt with which the Lordly Prelate
alludes to the chance comments of poor ignorant
schoolmasters, unread in the lore of the Fathers of
the Church ! From the tenderness and affection,
with which the creeds taught by this Society are
spoken of by his Lordship, we have very little doubt
that he would as soon see the Bible itself as any
one of them excluded from the National Schools.
These creeds are the Apostles, the Nicene,
and the Athanasian ; and in one respect his
Grace is in the right in requiring them to be taught
in infancy ; for to arrive at a belief in the Athana-
sian alone, in manhood, with no other help than
the Scriptures, would be a task equal to the bibli-
cal labours of Sr. JERoaSE, and the credulity of
ANTHONY Of Egypt.

As it is neither within our province, nor accords
with our inclination, to trouble ourselves with the
ecclesiastical systems of religious sects farther than
they have a political tendency, we express no opi_
nion upon the abstract truth of the doctrine laid
down by the Most Reverend Prelate. All that
we contend for is, that it is as Popish as ever
emanated from the Society of the Propaganda; and
that if it be, indeed, according to the Canons of the
Established Church, then, in all decency, should
the organs and Ministers of that Church abstain
from all reflections upon the tenets of Catholicism.
As our Divines are driving headlong to Rome,
sound policy ought to suggest to them the ex-
pediency of being on good terms with his Holiness
the POPE. The mass is all but openly • cele-
brated at Oxford, and auricular confession begins
to find advocates among our most distinguished
Divines. In fact, the Established Clergy are
knocking the Protestant Church on the head as,
fast as they can ; and were it not for the Dissenters,
we verily believe that nothing could save this
country from a very general submission in spirituals
to the tyranny of the Roman Pontiff.

It is difficult to give credit for sincerity to those
professed friends of liberty who oppose the Jamaica
Bill on the ground of that Bill's placing a " Con-
stitution" in abeyance. Such an objection has a
sound, and a sound only, of principle in it---sense
has it none. Will any of these liberal-above-mea-
sure men have the hardihood to assert that what
they call the Constitution of Jamaica has fulfilled
the conditions—we might say any of the con-
ditions—or answered any of the purposes
of what, even in their own estimation, is held
to be good government. Is it enough to say
that because there is a representative body in
the Island of Jamaica, therefore it is sacrilege to
interfere with its jurisdiction ? is it not of the
first importance is it not the bounden duty of
every friend to Constitutional freedom to examine
into the practical working of the system, and to in-
quire tohorn the Jamaica Assembly represents, and
&At) it has exercised its functions, before, by op-
posing its being superseded by the British Parlia-
ment, he compromises both the welfare of the
newly emancipated population, and the interests of
the landowners.
There are, it is estimated, somewhere about
380,000 persons of colour, and from 15,000 to

20,000 whites in the island. How many of the
black population are represented in the Island Par-
liament? Not a solitary individual ever yet gave a
vote for a Member. The franchise is entirely en-
grossed by less than 2,000 whites, and a few whity-
browns—and this is called a Representative Con-
stitution. This is a system of self-government so
perfect that the advocates of organic changes in
our own Constitution cannot bring their minds to
contemplate, even its temporary eclipse without a
shudder ,of horror!

Then look at the description of persons who con-
trive to get themselves elected to represent this
not very numerous body of constituents. Are
they men who have distinguished themselves
by their exertions in the cause of freedom or
humanity ? Are they even great in the aristocratic
sense of the word, RS owners of the soil ? so far
from it, that hardly a proprietor has a seat in this
august Assembly. Unfortunately for the interests
of Jamaica, this is a non-resident class of perso'is,
whose place is supplied or rather occupied,
by hired agents, who, as such people always
do, when no supervising eye is over them,
make a point of studying their own interests,
more than those of their masters. Of such men
mixed with others of even a worse stamp, the Ja-
maica Parliament is composed. They are almost
to a man the oppressors of the blacks, and have
been the irreconcileable enemies of their emanci-
pation from slavery. Every attempt on the part of
the Governor to prepare the black population
for the enjoyment of freedom, every humane
effort to raise them in the scale of moral beings,
has been systematically and perseveringly thwarted
by this " Constitutional" Assembly, whose every act
betokens a rooted antipathy—an insuperable loath-
ing, towards nineteen-twentieths of the inhabitants
within the bounds of its jurisdiction. And to crown
the whole, now that it cannot have its full swing in
tyranny, it declines to act at all, in fact abdicates
its legislative power ; yet after the innumerable
proofs which it has afforded, not only of incompe-
tency, but of its mischievous disposition, it is, for-
sooth, to be humoured and treated with as much de-
licacy as if it were suffering in the glorious cause
of freedom ; and that, too, by men who have so
lately taken part in the work of overruling or rather
superseding its authority by Act of Parliament.
We are extremely happy to find that this hal-
lucination has not seized hold of those •whose in-
terests are most deeply involved in the good govern-
ment of Jamaica. A memorial has been presented
to Government by a great number of the most influen
tial proprietors resident in London, and of all parties in
politics, stating their conviction of the necessity of
the interference of Parliament under the present un-
exampled circumstances of the colony. This, we
trust, will open the eyes of Mr. HUME, and those
who have shown a disposition to go with him
against the Government, and, we must add, in op-
position to the interests both of humanity and
liberty.

Madrid Papers of the 27th ult. have reached us
The Provincial Deputation of Madrid presented an
address to the QUEEN REGENT on the 25th, pray-
ing her MAJESTY to dissolve the Cortes and to
change the Cabinet. Neither of these measures
were likely to be adopted. The 27th being the an-
niversary of the QUEEN'S birth-day was celebrated
with great apparent rejoicing in the capital.
_ .

A letter fro-m
Tolosa of —the 27th ult. states that
ESPARTERO, at the head of 27,000 men, 800 ca-
valry, 22 siege pieces and 14 mountain pieces, ad-
vanced on the 25th as far as Nestosa ; but his right
flank being threatened by Maroto, at the head of
9,000 men, 200 cavalry, and two mountain pieces,
he retreated to Villanueva de Mena, three leagues
back. All the disposable forces of the Carlists had
been ordered to Biscay. General ELIO was at Es-
tella, watching DIEGO LEON.

The Carlist force which lately laid waste the province
of Guadalaxara has returned to Aragon.

Polo and Mac Connell, with about 3,000 men, were at
Monreal on the 22d. The prisoners they made at Alco-
lea, Cifuentes, and Huote, had abandoned the Queen's
cause and declared for Don Carlos.

Llangostera had taken prisoners three companies of
infantry, and a troop of horse belonging to General
Ayerbe's division.
General Van Halen arrived at Murviedro on the 22d,
and evinced no disposition to give up the command of
the army of the centre, notwithstanding the order of
.Government.

Cabrera made an unsuccessful attempt against Villa-
fames, and then proceeded.towards Aliaga.
The hospital at Soria was burnt on the 24th ; happily
i there was time to withdraw the sick.

A letter from Castellon says that out of 600 of the un-
fortunate soldiers who were lately exchanged at the place,
120 were in the hospital without hope of recovery, and
that the remainder had the appearance of walking skele-
tons. A brilliant review by the Queen Regent was to take
place at %ladrid on the 28th of April.

The subjoined highly satisfactory intelligence,
is from the Colonial Reformer, a Spanish Town
Journal, of the 16th of March, received this
morning. It is further confirmed by an article in
the same paper of the 23d, for which we have not
space in our columns of this day. We will not
anticipate any expression of the pleasure which it
must diffuse among the friends of the long-oppressed
coloured race :
THE STATE OF THE COUNTRY.

The country is in a state
of profound tranquillity—
of peaceful industry. The gloomy productions of the
Planters, like all their other spebulations on matters
consequent on the change from Slavery to Freedom, have
already been most palpably falsfied.
Labour has not ceased—rebellion has not reared her
grim visage—nor has even a hand been raised to avenge
the deadly injuries %%hid] thousands had sustained while
under the galling yoke of Slavery. On the contrary, the
Mills arc about—Sugars are boiling—Coffee crops are
being gathered in, and the whole process is being carried
on with as little excitement or confusion as though our
social relations bad long been established and permanently
settled down. _

" Such is the general state of the country—but there
are individual exceptions to this prosperous state of things.
There are here and there estates which have been unable
as yet to come to satisfactory arrangements with their la-
bourers.

" For this a variety of caffses are assigned—the chief
of which are, disputes about the amount of wages—con-
tentions about rent of cottages and grounds—bad feeling
prevailing between employer and labourers, and in certain
localities from the circumstance of the cultivation of pro-
vision grounds affording the labourer a more profitable re-
turn for his labour than the wages he receives for working
on the estate. The consideration of these points, espe-
cially the question of the occupation of grounds, and the
system of rents, will occupy a large share of our must
earnest attention hereafter.

'6 We need scarcely tell our friends in England to place
not the smallest reliance on the laboured and lumbering
reports, got up' by certain parties in this country—they
are full of fallacies and falsehoods; and their utter desti-
tution of common honesty and common candour, will, we
suspect, be made abundantly manifest by the actual re-
turns of produce made. _

" On the whole we may congratulate our Anti• Slavery
friends on the pleasing prospect of their most sanguine
expectations being realized. The conduct of the labourers
has been nearly all that could have been desired ; and we
are perfectly satisfied that they enjoy a larger share of the
blessings of perfect freedom, than obtains in any other of
the late slave colonies under the British Crown."

In the same/Journal we find a very sensible, tem-
perate article, recommending the suspension of the
Constitution of Jamaica, as requisite to prevent
the " freedom which the people of England in-
tended as a blessing to the labourers, from proving.
a greater curse than slavery itself." After proving
the right of Parliament to interfere, and expressing
a confidence that its interference would be produc-
tive of the best consequences, the writer proceeds
as follows to point out the necessity of such a
course :

The frequent representations of Lord Sligo relating to
Prisons were unattended to—the recommendations of the
Home Government set at naught—the continued cruelties
practised in those prisons in which human nature could not
be more outraged—the appalling sight that met Captain
Pringle's eyes, and the desire evinced by the local autho-
rities to conceal and yet to encourage such barbarities, and
the apathy of the Legislature either to remove or redress
them, were quite sufficient to teach the people at Home one of
two things ; either that the legislature felt no disposition
to improve the condition of those formerly the subjects of
their tyranny—or that they were unfit to do so from the
stringent and arbitrary character of their enactments.
Upon such grounds we conceive the British nation were
justified in holding out their protection and care to a race
of people, who had already been too long oppressed, de-
serted, worn down, and cast away, as Daniel O'Connell
would say, like a " squeezed orange."

The Jamaica Presbytery have published an ex-
cellent pastoral address to the churches under their
charge, recommending honest and industrious habits
to the labouring population. Nothing can be more
praiseworthy than the zeal of these worthy pastors in
seizing upon every occasion to inculcate indus-
tr;ous with religious habits—to enforce the Chris-
tian necessity of a forgetfulness of injuries--and
to instil into them those principles which are
the foundation of social freedom and individual
virtue and happiness.

There is reason to believe, from some observa-
tions made by M. ri-,,1R0D DE L'AIN, the ad
interim Minister of Justice in the Fiench Cham-
ber of Deputies, on Saturday, that the Ministerial

crisis may be expected to terminate early in the I
present week. M. MAUGUIN, after deploring the
length of time that France continued without a res-
ponsiblo Government, moved in the Chamber on
Saturday the project of an address to the KING,
praying his Majesty to select a Ministry from
among men devoted, to the principles of a prog.res.
sive improvement ; who in foreign relations
would know how to maintain peace without
weak concessions ; who at home would la-
bour to lessen the burdens of the people,
grant encouragement to industry, and secure
majorities in the Electoral Colleges and the
Chamber, not by corruption and intrigue, but by
ability, candour, and zeal for the national in-
terests. M. GIROD DE L'AIN did not oppose
this address, but he contended that its adoption
then might have an effect the contrary of what was
intended. He asserted that the KING was actively
engaged at that very moment in arranging the
materials of a strong Cabinet, and that he did not
doubt that the crisis was on the point of termi-
nating. This explanation, which appeared
to give great satisfaction to the members
of the Coalition induced M. MAUGUIN to post-
pone the debate on the address till Wednesday, to
allow time for the conducting of the requisite nego-
ciations.

The occurrence of the phrase " Sovereign" in
the address of the Chamber of Peers to the King on
his fete, has called down upon the devoted head of
Baron PASQUIER, the President, the indignant re-
monstrances of the ultra-Liberal Press. Words are
of more political importance than things in France.
The Constitutionnel states that Count MOLE
was to leave Paris for London yesterday. His stay
here is not to exceed a fortnight.
The National has the following article on the
arrival of the CZAROVITCH in this country :
" The Dutch papers have formally announced that, in
obedience to the last instructions received from St. Peters-
burg at the Hague, the voyage of the young Prince was
again changed, and that he would depart for London
on the 3d instant. Surprise will perhaps be felt that we
occupy ourselves with so trivial an event as the journey of
a Prince; but the importance which the British press
attaches to the i esolutioqp. the sofrof Nicholas sufficiently
proves that it regards his visit in a very different light
from that, par example, of the Duke of Nemours, or even
the Duke of Orleans. Under the very delicate circum-
stances in which the English and Russian policy is
placed, the arrival of the Grand Duke might be an at-
tempt at conciliation or a trap. It is known
that the Czar is accustomed to play himself, or by the
members of his family, upon the credulity of foreign Go-
vernments; it is known that he has his own telegraph, his
private councils, hjs diplomacy, his personal ways and
means, and that it is at St. Petersburg, above all,
that the Ministers do not know all. We do not
believe that a serious and sincere reconciliation be-
tween Russian ambition and British monopoly is
intended. It appears to us that these two great
rival interests, bun gee mat gre, are destined some
day to settle their differences on a field of battle almost as
extensive as the world. Great Britain is pushed to this
extremity more and more imperiously, and the force of
events in Russia, her constitution, her genius, her moral
and physical condition, and, in one word, her fatality (to
speak the language of Napoleon), also draws her rapidly
into the struggle. It can only, then, be the intent of the Au-
tocrat to play upon the aristocracy, and perhaps upon the Bri-
tish Government, by trickery and corruption. Let the Whigs
and Tories be taken in by the grace and Asiatic muni-
ficence of the heir to so many crowns, it will not in the
least astonish us; but, for the honour of the English
people, we trust that they will profit by this visit to give
a lesson of patriotic shame to the oligarchy of the
three kingdoms, and a lesson of frankness to the suc-
cessor of Catherine and of Nicholas. The chains of
Poland shaken in the ears of the Russian Prince
by the vigorous hand of John Bull would make
noise enough, perhaps, to induce him to return in double-
quick time to those happy Courts in Germany and Holland
where only incense and flattery abound." " The brave
people of London," concludes the Republican organ, " in
acting thus would prove that they are capable of branding
senility and tyranny as well as of honouring glory and pa-
triotism in the person of a veteran foreigner ( Soult). The
humiliation of the future Muscovite Autocrat would be
an admirable commentary on the triumphs of the French
Marshal."

Meetings of the Deputies of the Left and Extreme
Left were held on Friday night, when it was re-
solved that the Coalition existed as firmly united as
ever. The Marquis DALMATIA, son of Marshal
SouLT, was the only Liberal Deputy not invited.
The following extracts include the only news
from the French Journals of Friday and Saturday :
Letters from Tabriz, of the 24th March, had announced
the determination of the Shah to commence a new expe-
dition against Herat, for which purpose he was collecting
an army of 40,000 men. M. Franchini, who had accom-
panied Count Simonitsch to Tehran, had returned to
Constantinople with letters, which are said to confirm this
intelligence.
" On Saturday last," as a Toulon letter states, " a
quarrel arose between some soldiers of the 1 Ith regiment
of the line, and some sailors of the navy, in which seve-
ral of the latter were wounded by the side arms of their
opponents before the contest could be put an end to. As
the irritation appeared to have subsided they were all set
at liberty on Sunday, and nothing occurred till the even-
ing, when the feud broke out again with increased animo-
sity. Strong patroles were called out, and the combat-
ants were separated, but not till one of the sailors was
killed on the spot, another so severely wounded that no
hope of saving his life is left, and others were more or less
hurt. The 11 th and 41st Regiments which form the
garrison are confined to their barracks, and not a sailor
is suffered to leave his ship. General Duverger, the Com-
mandant of the Department, summoned the officers of the
11th before him on Monday, and entered into a rigid in
quiry."

BOURSE, PARIS,

SATURDAY, MAY 4,

HAI.F.PAST THREE.—The market has been somewhat brisk. For
the Account the Three per Cents. opened at 81f. SOc., rose to S2f.
and closed at Slf. 90c., a rise of 15 cents. The Five per Cents.
from lilt 40c., declined to 111 f. 35c., and rose to 1 1 lf. 50c.,
last price; an improvement of sc. For Money the Three and
the Five per Cents. are 20c, higher. The Bank of France Shares
are 10c. lower. The Laffitte Bank of I,ooof. Shares are unaltered.
The Belgian Three per Cents. for the Account, 73f. 45c. The Spa-
nish Active has not varied from 20i. The Belgian Bank Shares
are 22f. 50c. higher. The Neapolitan Bonds have advanced 15c.
The Roman are as yesterday. The Railway Shares have but little
varied. The Versailles Right and Left Banks have each improved
sf. The Seyssel Asphalte has again fluctuated 100 f., and are lower
by so much.

First Highest Lowest Last
Price. Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents
4 per Cents lOl 90 ... 101 90 ... 101 90 ... 101 90
3 per Cents Bl 65 81 '73 ... 81 65 ... 81 75
Bank of Prance
Lallitte Bank I ,000 f. 1070 ... I 072 50 ...107) ...1672 50
5,000 t. 5265 ...5271 —.5265 ...527u
Belgian 5 per Cents lO2 ... 102 ... 102 ... 102
3 per Cents 73 25 73 25 73 25 ... 73 25
Bank BO5 ... 850 005 805

Coupons
S anish Ac ive 2Ol/4, ... 2t),,, ... 204 t ... 214
Passive 44, ... 44, ... 4% ... 4x,
Portuguese 3 per Cents
Neapolitan
Roman

RAILWAY SHARES.
505 '705 700 ... 7no
725 737 LO ... 725 ... 735
277 50 .. 285 ... 277 50 ...
005 4('5 ... 905 965
480 ... 48) ... 475 ... 475
340 ... 341 ... 337 50 ... 344
400 400 ... 400 ... 4 0
500 500 ... 500 500

St. Germain
Versailles, R. B
L.B.

fray',
Orleans . .
Strasburg to Bale
Bordeaux to La '1 este
Montpellier to Cette

ASPHALTES AND BITUM.ENS.
Seyssel (A) 2700 _8(0 ...2700 soo

MR. MARTIN, M.P. AND CAPTAIN

BURTON, R.N.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sia—ln regard to the Letter of Capt. James Ryder Bur-
ton, R. N., which appeared in a Morning Paper on Sa-
turday last, I take the earliest opportunity of thus pub-
licly declaring, that I have placed the papers in
the hands of Mr. Robert Sydney, my solicitor, with
instructions to take legal measures by an action as being,
by the advice of Counsel, the course best calculated to enable
Capt. Burton, and myself to place our witnesses in a jury box,
and to establish or refute our respective statements. This is
one of the most painful duties I have ever had to perform,
but it is one from which I feel I must not flinch.
I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant,
THOMAS MARTIN.
Wyndham Club, May 6, 1839.

CARLO W ELECTION COMMITTEE

(THIS DAY.)

The Committee met this morning at the usual hour.
The vote of Phillip Bagnall, Esq , of Dublin-street was(
objected to by the petitioners on the ground of change o'
residence. It appeared that the voter, who is a wag's;
trate, was married about a year ago, and then rernovct!
to Ballycurry House, about two miles from Carlow, and
that his former residence was afterwards occupied by
Masonic Lodge. The question was, whether he bad
given up possession of his former residence. The
to occupy case,
which possessed no interest was likely the
greater part of the day.
