E It, LONDONt trtYPSDA NOTEME.EIt 24 JB4O.

report of his death. His health, however, is now better
than it was.—Le Constilutionnel.
TOULON, Nov. 15.—The Sentinelle des la Marine of
the above date contains the following paragraph :
" The Cameleon steam-boat has at le:gth put to sea.
It was believed at first that it was gone to carry despatches
which had come from Paris addressed to Admiral Hugon,
but we have since learnt that it is gone direct to Alexan
dria. An Estafette, which arrived the evening befor-
yesterday at Toulon with despatches of great importance
tar M. Cochelet, our Consul- General, hastened the dee
parturc of the Camelcon. M. Leblanc, a staff ofil,er-
took his passage in this vessel, being entrusted with a,
secret mission. 'Mils officer had been sent to Toulon by
the ex-President of the Council of Ministers with instruc-
tions of M. Thiers for Mehemet Ali. But the Cabinet
being overthrown, M. Leblanc waited for fresh instruc-
tions to fulfil his mission in Egypt. Having received them
he immediately embarked.
The following account has been received at Havre:—
" Letters from Bahia to Sept 29 announce that the
13d1 Poole and its companion sailed from that port on
Sept. 1 4 for St. Helena ; the passengers, whose ill health
;tad obliged it to put into Bahia, had recovered."
" The Prince de Joinville took the opportunity to re•
victual the ships at Bahia ; his expenses for this and fur
his own wants are 50,000 f, fur which he has drawn bills on
the treasury.

According to our calculations the expedition which
left Bahia on Septemhcr 14, might arrive at lima be-
tween the sth and 10th of October, and unless some extra-
ordinary circumstance should delay it, might leave it be-
tween the 20th and 25th, arid be back at Cherbourg in
the first fortnight of December.—. Commerce.
STORM IN PARIS.-- Paris also has had its hurricanes.
Yesterday afternoon a violent storm passed over the capi-
tal, women were thrown down on the boulevards and the
bridges; chimneys were knocked down; hats, bonnets,
and umbrellas were flying in all directions. In the even-
ing the rain continued to pour down in torrents. If the
case has been the same on the Upper Seine and the Marne,
the Seine must soon overflow, and inundate the plains
above and below Paris. A painful accident, but which
might have been attended with more fatal consequences,
marked this storm. M. Arago (the distinguished philo-
sopher), was on the terrace of the observatory, and the
wind threw him down with so much violence as to cause
him several severe contusions. It is even stated that he
was sliding down the terrace, which has a trfling inclin•
tion, when arrested by a workman, otherwise his fall might
have proved mortal. The most severe contusion was on
his leg, but it is hoped that this accident will have no fatal
results.— Commerce of Sunday.

THE SLAVERY OF THE TORY MEMBERS.—Mr.
Shaw, the Tory Member for the University of Dublin,
was seen walking ore day last week arm in arm with
Lord Morpeth. They attended at a meeting of Father
Matthew's teetotal friends, and " walked together to
the Customhouse as familiar friends." Saunders's
News Letter, some other Irish paper, not mentioned,
and the London Standard, all notice this momentary
friends Lip as an insult to one or other of the political
parties to which the two gentlemen belong, and as indi-
cative of treachery to the principles one or other pro-
fesses. We can allow Lord Morpeth to be arm in arm
with Mr. Shaw, without calling out treachery, or fear-
ing any evil to the Reform cause, but the Tory news-
papers cannot so far indulge Mr. Shaw. Such is their
intolerable jealousy and tyranny over their servants, or
rather slaves, that those poor wretches must not speak
to a Whig acquaintance. Nobody can say their service
is one of perfect freedom, or their ways paths of plea-
santness and peace. Poor Mr. Shaw ; he will obtain
from their jealousy a notoriety which his abilities could
never secure him. Weak minds like his, may, per-
chance, think the slavery a cheap method of gratifying
a grovelling ambition. The Learned Recorder of
Dublin, who has slighted nobler duties to do the dirty,
work of the Dublin Turies, and the Journalists who now
claim to be his masters, are worthy of each other.
ERRATA IN THE GLOBE.—We seldom notice the
faults of our Evening Contemporaries except for the
purpose of doing them a service. We praise them when..-
ever we can, and regularly every lawful evening, as the
Scotch say, give the essence of their leading articles in
order that the public, and chiefly our readers, may know
what excellent colleagues we have in the great and pa-
triotic work of reforming, and enlightening our fellow-
creatures. In the same spirit we quote from, the Globe
of last evening three paragraphs, the two first of which
were evidently intended for The Sun by some traitor in
the pay of our respectable Contemporary, and the third
was written by a traitor still more wicked, whose ob-
ject was to deceive the readers of the Globe respecting
the most important event that has occurred in this
country for a quarter of a century,. The two first para-
graphs are these, " Considerably in advance of every
other journal, we were enabled on Saturday to
announce to the public the interesting intelligence that
her Majesty had given birth to a Princess." And " not-
withstanding the inclemency of the evening, our office
was literally besieged with applicants for papers, to send
to their friends in the country, through the post." The
third paragraph is "no official bulletin was issued on
Saturday evering." The two first were both intended
for The Sun, which was in the city a quarter of an hour
before the Globe, and contained also the precise time
evhen the Queen was delivered (which the traitor
omitted), and the third, no doubt, from some misgivings,
wits inserted, in order to screen, by a falsehood, the
Government paper for not giving the official bul-
letin, the Gazette Extraordinary, with all the par-
ticulars, which was published in The Sun, and sent
.off to every corner of the United Kingdom on the
same evening. It was this _Extraordinary Ga-
zette which caused the crowd, and we are glad to find
that our Contemporary consoles himself with the
idea that it assembled a little farther east than it actu-
ally did. We have had praise enough for early intelli-
gence, and we allude to the subject only in order to
guard the Globe against certain impostors who wish to
bring the Paper into disgrace.

COURT CIRCULAR.

THE QUEEN.

The following 13111etin of her Majesty's health was
issued this morning :
" Buckingham Palace, N0v.24, 1840.
" Half-past Nine o'C!ock, A.M.
" The Queen has slept perfectly %yell. Her INl,jest)
his nut had n single unfavourable s)w:ow. 'rim ',dont
Princess continues well.

(Signed) " JAMES CLARK, M.D.

CHARLES LOCOCK, M.D.
ROBERT FERGUSON, M.D
RICHARD BLAGDEN."

Sun-office, Quarter to Three o'Clock.

The answer to inquiries at the Palace up to half past
two this afternoon, was that her Majesty and the
Princess Royal were (loin", exceedingly well.

The Duke of Cambridge arrived at the Palace ye
erday, and had an interview with his Royal Highness
PriLee Albert.

The Duchess of Gloucester and the Princess Sophia
arrived together at the Palace to make their inquir;es
after the health of her Majesty and the infant Princess.
The Duchess of Kent arrived in the forenoon, and
lunched with his Royal Highness Prince Albert. Her
Royal Highness remained at the Palace until the evening.
Tue Marquis of Lansdowne, Viscount Melbourne.
the Earl of Uxbridge, Lord Chamberlain, the Earl of
Albemarle, Master of the Horse, and the Earl of Surrey,
Treasurer of the Household, attended at the Palace.
The Marchioness of Normanby and Lady Barham,
Ladies of the Bedchamber, the Countess of Erroll, Lady
Ida Hay, and the Countess of Albemarle also attended
yesterday at the Palace to make, personally, their in-
quiries alter the state of the Queen and the iofaut
Princess.

lier Majesty and the infant Princess were going on
last evening as well as could be expected.
A number of the Nobility and Gentry arrived in
town yesterday from their different country residences
and came to Buckingham Palace to learn the state of
the Queen ; the Ladies entered their names on her
Majesty's list, and the Gentlemen in Prince Albert's
book.

Among the Ladies were the Countess Bine Brahe,
Lady of the Danish Charge d'Affaires ; Madame Mur-
phy, Lady of the Mexican Charge d'Affaires ; the
Duchess of Inverness ; Marchionesses of Clanricarck
Bute, and Westmeath ; Countesses—Dowager Dun-
more. Carnarron, Dowager Morton, Norburv, Dowager
Sandwich, and Mountnorris ; Viscountess Gage ; •La-
dies—Harriet Paget, Frances Paget, Grey, R.. Gro-
svenor, Cowley, Alice Peel, Burnett (a), Gore, Georgi-
ana Toler, Foley, Shelley, Antrobus, Trotter, Mary
Hoare, and Adelaide Paget ; Hon. Mrs. Charles Ash-
burnham ; Mistresses—Farrer, John Round ; Misses—
Spring Rice, Harriet Paget, Charlotte Paget, Welles-
ley, Foley, Shelley, Antrobus, and Trotter.
Among the gentlemen were the Austrian Ambassa-
dor, the Prussian, American, Belgian, Netherlands,
Swedish, Portuguese, Bavarian, Neapolitan, Grecian,

Russian, and Saxon Ministers, the Austrian Special
Minister, the French, Danish, and Mexican Charge
d'Affaires, the Lord Chancellor, the Bishop of London,
the Lord Chief Justice Tindal, the Vice-Chancellor ;
the Dukes of Rutland and Dorset ; Marquises Head-
tort, Normanby, and Bute ; Earls Charlevillc, Fein.
broke, Carnarvon, and Fingal! ; Viscounts Ebringtou
and Strangford ; Lords Ellenborough, Denman, Mont.
eagle, John Russell, Lilford, Trimleston,
Cowley, and Langdale ; Mr. Baron Parke, Mr. Jus-
tice Littledale, Mr. Justice Bosanquet, Mr. Justice
Maule ; Major the Hon. George Keppel ; Sirs Benjainin
Brodie, Robert Gardiner, Robert Chester, and Wal-
ter Riddell ; Me.jor-General Sir C. Thornton ; Colonels
Fox, Bouverie, Captain Seymour, Dr. Richard Bright.
Messicurs—Macaulay, George Hayter, Selwyn, Q. C.,
Balguy, Q. C., W. Erle, Q. C., Newman Rogers,
Q. C., Andrews, Q. C., Rush, John Round, U. "-
len, W. L. Bathurst, Nicholas Carlisle, K. H. W. F.
Farrer, Wilbraham Taylor, Fox Maule, Rich, and
Vernon Smith.

During yesterday and on Sunday the greater part of
the nobility in town called Ingestre House, Bel-
grave-square, and entered their names inr her Royal
Highness the Duchess of Kent.

We understand that Lord Normanby's health is quite
restored, but he is still unable to write or make any use
of his hand.

Viscount aringten and Sir T. Wilshire had inter-
views with Lord John Russell yesterday at the Colonial-
office.

Despatches from the Governor of Gibraltar were re-
ceived yesterday at the Colonial•office.
Mr. W. C. Ross, A.K.A., returned to town on Sun-
day evening from Brussels, where he had been by com-
mand,. to paint portraits of their Belgian Majesties and
their infant daughters. On leaving Brussels Mr. Ross
had the honour of receiving from their Majesties an
elegant pair of diamond studs.

His Excellency the Russian Minister and Ba-
roness Brunow left Ashburnham House yesterday afternoo„
for S!rathfieldsaye, on a visit to the Duke of Wellington.
Earl Fitzvvilliam and the Ladies Wentworth
Fitzwilliam joined Viscount and Viscountess Milton, at
Mi:ton House, near Peterborough, on Saturday last, from
Wentworth House, Yorkshire.

Count Alexis Stroganoff left the Russian Em-
bassy, yesterday evening, with despatches for his Excel-
lency Count Pahlen, at Paris. The Secretary to his Ex-
cellency Baron Brunow also left with despatches for the
Russian Minister at the Hague.
PEACE MEETING,--WC have much pleasure
in being able to state that arrangements are now making
for having a public meeting of the citizens of Aberdeen,
to remonstrate against any policy which would have the
effect of involving Britain in a war with France. There
is no doubt but the meeting will be well attended.—Aber-
deen Herald.

The Duke of Wellington has invited a distin-
guished party to Stratfieldsaye for the present week. The
Earl and Countess of Wilton leave the Duke and Duchess
of Beaufort's, Badminton, Gloucestershire, to-day, to join
the circle.

Viscount Burghersh arrived in town, on Satur-
day last, from a •isit to the Earl and Countess of Jarsay,
at Middleton Park, Oxen,
Lord Henley arrived in town on Saturday from
Raeliampton, accompanied by Lady Henley. His Lord-
ship, we are happy to learn, has improved in health since
his residence at Rochampton, where a villa has been taken
for several months.

BOULOGNE.— Their Royal Highnesses the
Prince and Princess of Capua arrived hero on Friday last,
from Dover, where their Royal Highnesses arrived the
previous day from Richmond.
The Duke of Devonshire left Dublin on Friday
last, after a visit for a few days to Viscount Morpeth, for
Chatsworth.

On the happy occasion of the birth of England's
hope, the united service naturally expect that a brevet will
be granted on a most liberal scale, especially as when her
Most Gracious Majesty ascended the Throne the promo-
tion was extremely limited. The last brevet of his Ma-
jesty William IV. included the Lieutenant-Colonels,
Majors, and Captains whose commissions were dated in
and between the years 1813 and 1822. We do not ask
that the forthcoming promotion should be equally exten.
setru94 that it may not halt with-
out veterans who obtained their last
iv
including
w e d o
the ho
gallantpc and
step by the brevet of 1830. The promotion to Major. G.
will most probably extended to Colonel Aitchison,
of the Scots Fusileer Guards. —Naval and Military Guz.
POETICAL PROPHECY...---When the Prince of
g_
land in 1677, Waller inscribed to him a copy of verses,
Oran, afterwards our William the Third, visited I,'fi
ge
from which we select the following stanza, ral account of
a curious coincidence between it and the Prince's future

rant crwn ."
for tur.c
Go on, brave Priem with like success,
Still to increase
,your high renown success,
ue
owe
nn
Till to your conduct and address,
It is our painful duty to record the death of the
your
nbdiri :his: y
Hon. Mrs.NHuetntroy
ness of two months. The melancholy event distressingtook place
i ill-
on Monday morning at eight o'clock. For p.acet
some time
it bad been very evident to Mrs. Cavendish's medimeael pal
viser, and to those about her, that her disorder was draw-
ing to a close. It had latterly assumed a dropsical form,
under which this amiable and excellent lady sunk without
a struggle.
EXTIRPATION OF THE TENANTRy. much
benefit is likely to accrue to. the Irish tenantry from the
proceedings adopted by the Loyal National Repeal Asso-
ciation ; public opinion, waea properly brought to bear,
will prove too powerful for
sa the inhuman and heartless.
Those who would, for the sake of following some wild
theory—some Will-o'-the-Wisp—oppress their tenants,
and render them hOusciess aanderers 0'
, %v.,. not be quite
so reckless, when their a . s_, will be recorded, and
ready to be brought up in J.‘nagment against them, and
their remotest posterity-- .
we
with his
they can't. That a
" man can do as he pleases
ust f
that the landed proprietor
1 rill
du eel that, to their tel
they owe a high and a rnors ty which will compel them
asylum, ere the t
them to provide an y urn them on the
- and
world houselcss, homelesspennyless. The Loyal
National Association will e throw its shield over the op-
pressed and expose the oppressor, ssor. The Catholic clergy
are fast enrolling themselves as members.—and let the
who sneer Pea,
Engiish press, at rie l know that the enrol-
ment of the Catholic clergymen is the enrolment of the
intelligence and respect of the country.--Dublin Pilot.
FRENCH FOSSEsSiON IN INDIA,--By an
__ Oct
ordonnance of the King.. dated 31, the salaries rtnd
emoluments of the principal functionaries of the French
establishments in India are fixed as follow :—The G0„,..n
nor of the colony is to have 40,000 f. a year, without any
other emoluments than a free residence in the Govern-
, ment-house at Pondicherry ; the furniture being provided
at the expense of the colony. Chefs du service of the dif-
ferent establishments are to be paid as follow :_...Fcr Chan-
! dernagor, 16,090 f. a year; Karikal, 10,000 f. ; Yanann,
8,0001. ; Mahe, 8.0001. . The Commissary of Marine,
ho is chief of the administrative department, 12,000 f. ;
the Procureur-General, 12,000 f. ; the Colonial In
B,ooof. ; the Scretary Archivists, 4,000 f. All theLe
functionaries are; to have furnished houses, free of rent,
without ocher eemoluments. The Governor is allowed
12,000 f. for his outfit,

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COLONIAL MARKET.
There was little business done by private treaty, and
the public sales went off heavily, with the excepticn of tea.
The arrivals were again small from all parts.
TEA MARKET.

The transactions by private contract were smal, and
prices are much the same as previously quoted. About
10,000 packages were offered for public sale, but the trade
were nut desirous to purchase beyond their wants; a small
part only was sold, but prices were firm. The Company's
Coingou sales were made at_2s..3l i. to 2,31 d. per lb. cash.

ROLLS' COURT.-('THIS DAY.)

The Court heard petitions, and took the unopposed
first, among which was one, in a very old cause of

THE MARQUIS OF BUCKINGHAM V. FEYCE.
It was the petition of the Rev. George Arthur Evors,
the heir-at-law of Sir John Powell Pryce, Bart. The
estates of Sir John, in 1771, were made subject to a mort-
gage of 20,0001., in favour of the great-grandfather of the
present Duke of Buckingham, and the bill was filed for a
foreclosure. In 1780 the estates were sold, and ,he
mortgage and costs paid out of the proceeds. The stir-
plug 2,800/., had remained in the Court from that time to
the present, accumulating, and it now amounted to up-
wards of 20,0001 ! The present petition prayed for a
reference to the Master, to ascertain whether there were
bay charges on the fund.
Mr. PEMBERTON, who appeared for the petitioner,
stated that all the parties to the suit, and all their clerks
in Court were dead, so that there was nobody on whom
thr petition could be served. He had an affidavit verify-
ing the title of the petitioner, and stating the pedigree of
the family.
The MASTER of the Rot.r.s—Your petition only asks
that the Master may inquire whether there are any ineuni_
trances, but you assume that you are the heir. You must
prove now that 3ou are the heir, otherwfte that must be
inquired into.

Mr. PEMBERTUN did not think the proof of the heirship
was such a% the Court would hold to be sufficient for
establishing a title to the fund. Nothing, however, would
come to the heir, because the incumbrances, subsequent to
the mortgage, would absorb the whole of the fund in
Court. There were judgments against Sir John Powell
Pryce to the amount of 40,0001. !
The MASTER of the Rou,s—So that the heir has no in-
terest.

Mr. PRMBERTON—None whatever. The only question
is, whether it is necessary to have the inquiry previous to
the fund being paid out. There will be advertisements for
creditors to come in.

The MASTER of the ROLLS directed an inquiry whether
there were any, and what, incumbrances, and who was the
heir of Sir John Powell Pry ce. If it was found the in-
cumbrances would exhaust the whole fund, then the in-
quiry as to the heir need not be prosecuted.

QUEEN'S BENCH.--(THIS DAY.)

(Sittings in Banco.)
THE QUEEN V. THE OVERSF.ERS OF THE PARISH CF ST.

GEORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE.

Lord DENMAN gave judgment in this case at the sitting
of the Court. This was an application for a mandamus,
directed to the overseers of the parish of St. George,
Hanover-square, commanding them to remove the dead
body of a female pauper who had died in the hospital, and
to cause the same to be buried. The application had been
made on behalf of the hospital, on the ground that the
parish authorities were the parties upon wham the burden
ought legally to fall; and although it was an argument of
extreme difficulty to place on a legal foundation the right
of the hospital or the obligation of the parish, still the
Court was unwilling to 'grant the rule, considering how
long the practice had prevailed of burying such persons.
In the arguments used in support of the rule, the
necessity of the case, the larger construction of
the words of the 43:1 of Elizabeth, and the inference to
be drawn from the 48th George the Third, for the burial
of the wrecked persons cast ashore, were relied on, but the
Court thought these were insufficient. In the last men-
tioned Statute there were words from which it might be
inferred that the framers recognized the right of burial of
paupers at the expense of the parish. The present case,
however, turned upon the construction of the statute of
Elizabeth,—that the overseer was a statutable officer,
dealing :with statutable funds for statutable purposes
there could be no doubt, from the language of the Act.
The relief and employment of the poor were the objects of
these funds—they were founded and raised for these pur-
poses, and the poor could not be deprived of them. No
usage, however proper or uninterrupted, could prevail
against the plain construction of the Statute. • The
Court, after a careful consideration of the terms of the
Act could not accede to the argument that the case of
a pauper receiving relief but not dying in the workhouse
could be brought within the terms of the statute. •In
passing to the ground of necessity, the Court distinctly re-
cognised its application in the present case. Every per-
son dying in that country, except where the contrary was
expressly directed by statute, bad a right to Christian
burial, and that implied a right to be carried to the parish
cemetery. Lord Stowell had laid it down that to Carry a
dead body naked was an offence to the living. No doubt
the common law cast upon some one the duty of carrying
to the grave decently the dead body of every person not
having the private means of burial, but the Court bad
found no good grounds, and had heard no argument which
would induce it to charge the overseers of the parish with
that duty, which must in such case be done out of the rate.
The rule far a mandamus must therefore be discharged.

THE QUEEN V. THE COMMISSIONERS OF CHELTENHAM.

In this case a rule had been obtained for a mandaraus,
calling upon the defendants to make a rate for the pay-
ment of certain arrears due to a Gas-light and Coke Corn-
pans, by whom the town of Cheltenham was lighted.
The defendants had refused to make a rate for that pur-
pose, on the ground that a former rate had been appealed
against, and was then sub judice.
►Sir W. FOLLETT and Mr. KELLY were now beard
against the rule, the arguments of the Learned Cowls,'
being directed to show that the exigency which the rule
contemplated, namely, the refusal of the Company to con-
tinue to light the town, had not )(A arisen, and that they
had sufficient means of recovering from the Commissioners
whatever arrears were due to them.
