POLAND.

PUBLIC MEETING AT THE MANSION.
HOUSE.

(Abridged from the Hull Rockingham of Saturday. )
Yesterday, a meeting of the inhabitants of Hull, con-
vened by the Mayor, was held at the Mansion-house to
.consider the propriety of expressing their sentiments on
the sufferings and wrongs of the Polish nation, and of ad-
dressing his Majesty to use all the influence of the English
Government with the Emperor of Russia to stop the
cruelties now peril-trating in Poland ; to prevent the
annihilation of the liberties, and restore the national ex-
istence and independence of that gall int people. The hall
was crowded to excess by an anxious and highly intelligent
auditory. In a gallery on the right of the Chairman, we
observed a number of elegantly dressed ladies, who ap-
peared to take a lively interest in the proceedings.
The MAYOR (R. Rsikes, jun. Esq.) was elected to the
chair amidst loud acclamations.

The Rev. G. LEE observed, that the object of the pre-
sent meeting, was to discuss the best possible measure to
be devised for redressing the wrongs of unhappy Poland.—
(Applause.) The meeting were no doubt fully aware that
every newspaper—every public document—nay, indeed,
the newspapers which had been received on the preceding
evening, presented the most horrifying and heart-rending
details of the miseries, privations, arid sufferings now en-
dured by the people of that unfortunate country.—(Shame,
shame.) He had heard it alleged that the people of Eng-
land had no business to interfere—that they were not
called upon to interpose between the oppresser and the
oppressed of other nations. He was opposed to this sel-
fish and inhuman feeling—(Applause)—from his earliest
years he had been taught to consider that all men were
his brothers.—(Applause.) What kind of people were
they who had been so cruelly treated? All history re-
presented them as a noble and magnanimous race of men :
in the earliest periods, they stood boldly forward as the de-
fenders of liberty ; anti they were well known, at one
era, as those who stood in the breach, when all civilized
Europe was likely to be subjugated by the ambitious
designs of barbarian Mahomedan conquerors. He would
conclude by moving the first resolution.—(Applause.)
T. J. BUCKTON, Esq. rose to second the resolution.
He would say that Great Britain was prepared at any
moment ; and despotism must quail when Britain gave the
watchword.—(Applause.) But we need not take this
visas' to ascertain whether Poland was treated with mercy
and justice : we had but to refer to documents, published
in 1815 by the crowned heals of Europe. In conformity
with the first article of the treaty of Vienna, the late Em-
peror granted a constitution to Poland—such as Kosciuzko
declared was liberal—being a brave and good man he was
offered, by Bonaparte, the Crown of Poland, which he re-
fused. He was a Lithuanian, and desired that the Lithu-
anians should also be free. This treaty has, however, been
violated—scarcely one single article has been fulfilled. He
would for a moment draw their attention to the important
fact, that Catherine the Second, a woman celebrated as
one of the basest of her sex,—(Applause)--added not less
than 11 millions of people to her territories—that Alexan-
der added not less than 22 millions—and in the course of
a very few years, the population of Russia had increased
from 6 millions to 38 millions of people, and all by con-
stant aggressions on adjacent states. If there were one
drop of patriotic blood—if there were one spark of huma-
nity in the heart of the fair sex—by all the endearments
of charity, of home, wife, and children—he would beseech
them, and all present, to be unanimous on this question,
and never cease addressing the legislature of this country,
and his Majesty in Council, until they adopted such mea-
sures as would put an effectual stop to the horrid system
of carnage that had been and was then pursued by the
despotic Sovereigns of Europe.
Mr. TOTTIE then introduced Count LADISLAS PLATER
to the meeting, who was received with loud applause, and
spoke to the following effect :—What were the claims of
Poland on the population and sympathy of Great Britain?
and what was the present state of misery and degradation
of that unhappy country? Poland had enjoyed, during
many centuries, the blessings of independence, liberty, and
happiness. Poland bad been considered the richest
granary of Europe. Poland had been considered the
garden of civilized Europe. She bad been consideted a
nation distinguished by her love of patriotism ; and, even
in her present adverse circumstances, the same love of
liberty was still in existence.—(Applause.) No despot
that ever reigned in Europe had been able to extinguish
the national feeling, or to crush her moral energies ; they
had lived long, and would live for ever. Poland was ex-
tensive and rich in her provinces—she contained 20 mil-
lions of inhabitants—they all spoke the same language, and
were influenced by one feeling to preserve their liberty.
Poland was powerful in her moral influence—Poland had
been the bulwark, the safeguard of Europe—Poland had
protected Christianity against, the inroads and invasions of
the despots of Turkey and Tartary—but she was now de-
spoiled ! Russia and Austria had long waited for an
eligible opportunity to carry their designs into execution ;
and by the cruel system of encroachments, what could
not be effected by force, was accomplished, under colour of
justice, by disgusting and cool-calculating intrigue. But
Poland had never been conquered.—(Loud cheering.)
After the late events, the greater part of her army and
population had taken refuge in foreign countries—they
had never made submission to the Russian tyrant.—(Loud
cheers.) The Noble Count then alluded to the partition
of Poland, anti quoted the words used by Lord Brougham,
that such partitions were a violation of justice and hu •
manity, and the greatest of criu;es. He then com-
mented upon the ingratitude of Bonaparte, in not having '
awarded justice to Poland when in his power, although
22,000 Poles were united with the French army in fight-
ing the battles of France. What had the Poles obtained
from France ? Sympathy ! Relying upon France, Poland
had been deceived. She had done nothing for Poland
after her late revolution : what was easy to be accomplished
had been neglected. The European powers had been
silent and inert: Russia had done what she desired—and
Poland was not now in existence. He believed that the
question was perfectly understood, and that no man would
believe that Poland had done wrong in fighting for her
liberty.—(Cheers.) The Congress of Vienna formed the
tribunal by which the Polish question was tried ; and Po-
land had no advocate. Although the great European
powers professed great sympathy for Poland, they did not
consider it necessary she should have any one there to ad-
vocate her cause. The treaty then made, was signed on
the part of Great Britain by Lord Castlereagh, but he
the Noble Count believed that if he (Lord Castlereagh)
had anticipated what would have been its effect on Po-
land, he never would have signed it. Every part of the
constitution granted by that treaty had been violated,—
there was no national liberty—no freedom of the press—
the diet was filled with Russian spies. The public
schools and universities had all shared the same fate.
The professor of one science, was made the professor
of another; in one university a professor was appointed
to teach history, who had never studied history at all.
—(Laughter.) Disgusting as it was, this professor—
(Laughter)—said to his pupils " I am very sorry I
have never read history at all, but we will teach
each other."—(Laughter.) He was amply qualified for
another science,—he was one of the most celebrated shoe-
makers. This was the state of civilization—this was
liberty—this was the manner in which science was culti-
vated. Religion had been to a certain extent destroyed—
the prisons for the last 15 years had been crowded by the
best of patriots and by the most distinguished Poles. In
1926 more than 100 students belonging to the university
of Lithuania, had been sent away to Siberia and into
the interior of Russia. All the best professors had been
discarded and many of the schools destroyed. Venality
and crime pervaded every branch of the Administration.
Nicholas, the illustrious pupil of Metternich, took the ne.
cessary steps for the total annihilation of Polish freedom.
fie appointed a vicious man, the Grand Duke Constan-
tine, his worthy brother, who exercised during the space
of ten years the ost despotic power. Every foul enor-
mity was perpetrated at his suggestion. The most re-
spectable inhabitants of Warsaw were sent in chains to
work in the streets in the company of felons.—(Hear.)
The most eloquent advocates of liberty were sent away
from the city to languish during five or six years in the
desert or in the dungeon, debarred from the society of
their friends. In this state of things, Poland languished
for fifteen years, Yet not one of the European Powers

exerted itself to deliver Poland from the oppression which
bowed down her energies and crippled her national re•
sources. Europe stood by a passive spectator, and Poland
was destroyed. But the population was at length armed,
end appealed to her arms for redress.—(Loud cheers.)
The Polish revolution had been prepared by the whole
power of the people. No conspiracy was necessary; every
man was disposed for a revolution, and the insurrection at
its commencement was powerful and successful. 'What
was the consequence? The Russian tyrant was compelled
to assemble all his forces, and to enter Poland with more
than 200,000 soldiers. He assembled from the interior
of Russia the most barbarous creatures that ever were in
existence in the world ! They were devoted only to their
sovereign ; totally devoid of civilization, they fought with
out knowing why or wherefore, perpetrated crimes the
mast atrocious, and laid waste a beautiful and fertile coun-
try. He could not describe their crimes. They were too
disgusting to be named.—(Shame, shame.) In the first
instance the insurrection was favourable to Poland. In
the first battle 40,000 Poles encountered 120,000 Rus-
sians in the field. The Poles obtained a triumph, and the
barbarians were drive❑ from Warsaw. This battle will
be hailed as the most glorious in the annals of Poland. If
they lost many people, the Russians lost many more—for
every Pole who was murdered, five barbarians lay dead
upon the field.—(Tremendous applause.) After this,
many other battles ensued, in all of which Poland was
victorious ; 11,000 Russians were taken prisoners during
the war. At the sanguinary battle of Ostrolensko, the
Russians lost more than 5,000. These victories were
owing to the courage of the people, who were animated by
the love of liberty. But another word or two on the Rus-
sian tribes. They knew not for what they were fighting ;
they merely obeyed their orders; habituated to brutality
and slavery, they had no ideas of liberty or civilization ;
their experience was guided by a few lashes; and a soldier
who had received 2,000 lashes was better than he who
had not received half as many. After this victory came
the battle of Warsaw. But the unfavourable result de-
stroyed their liberty, tnarred their happiness, and Polish
independence was sacrificed. Warsaw was rot, however,
conquered ; it was conceded to the Russians by capitula-
tion ; the Russian troops did not enter into Warsaw in
triumph ; they did not obtain a victory; the government,
the army, and the population retired ; and the Russians
found, on their entry, only the houses of the city, and most
of them in ruins.—(Loud cheers.) At present Poland is
no more. Her people are destroyed ; there is now no bar-
rier between civilization and despotism. Despotic power
will now find no resistance. Thus was Poland conquered.
Germany has shared her fate. German liberty has been
destroyed by the powerful influence of despotic sovereigns.
He had no confidence in the professions of friendship of
Nicholas and some others ; he had no confidence in the
recent splendid reception of a British Minister.—(Ap-
plause.) He saw in the reception another treaty of Vi-
enna ; he saw in this reception, a deception.—(Loud ap-
plause and laughter.) He bad already described the state
of Poland previous to the treaty of Vienna. The subse-
quent treatment of Poland was without a parallel. He
could hardly trust his feelings to describe the miseries to
which unhappy Poland was exposed ; indeed, they were
almost b,yond description. This destruction, this mur-
dering of a nation, was every day growing more sangui-
nary and more atrocious. The delay of a day in taking
proper measures for suppressing these outrages, so in-
human, was an irreparable loss to Poland ; the people
were hourly hurried away to the deserts of Sibe-
ria. The cruelty and despotism of the Emperor of
Russia were not confined to the fathers and the eons,
but equally extended to the mothers and the helpless babe.
What man in the 19th century could view with feelings
of indifference the cold-blooded atrocities of this modern
Herod.—(Loud cheers.) He was every day acquiring
more strength and grew more cruel. Would they believe
that mothers were hurried away on foot to Siberia—their
boys sent to the imperial manufactories--their girls to the
imperial colonies ? What is the object of Russia? not to
establish Polish colonies, but to murder the children. He
would read to them a very important document, written
and published by one of their greatest enemies, the editor
of a German newspaper, who had received marks of
favour from the Emperor of Russia for the way in which
he had advocated the Russian principles of liberty.—
(Shaine.) [Here the Noble Count read the document,
which described the treatment which the Polish children
received. The horrifying details made a very painful im-
pression on the meeting.] It was in the power of Great
Britain to prepare for the restoration of Poland, and to
prevent the annihilation of 20 millions of people. He
had witnessed in every town the feeling which predomi-
nated in favour of the Poles,—and, sure he was, it would
not be in vain. This was not a party question. Every
Englishman deprecated the conduct of Russia, and this
feeling was every day and hour growing more. overwhelm-
ing and powerful. He trusted that in every town a Polish
association would be formed.—[The Noble Count resumed
his seat amidst several tremendous rounds of applause.]
Mr. HoLnswoartr, jun., in an eloquent speech, moved
the second resolution.

M. D. HILL, Esq., then rose, and was received with
loud applause. He believed that they would not think his
presence there an intrusion ; he came to catch that flame
which he would do his best to transmit to other places
through which he might happen to pass. Depend upon
it, public opinion would not be slighted either in the civi-
lized or uncivilized world. The excellent nobleman
Cunt Plater had told them most truly that our present
Government was anxious to ameliorate the sufferings of
Poland ; but they must strengthe❑ the bands of Govern-
ment, by lending it their assistance. The voice of Mini-
sters would be of no avail unless swelled into thunder by
the millions of Englishmen. Let that voice be heard in
thunder in the North, until the despot trembled on his
throne, aye, until that throne trembled under him, if he
dared reject it. Was it possible that any man whose
heart was in his bosom—that any father, could have heard
the details of the Noble Count,—without the tears start-
ing into his eyes? That meeting was dignified and adorned
by the mothers and daughters of England. He called
upon them to use their mighty influence in favour of no
party—in no miserable question of party politics,—but in
favour of humanity—in favour of the great principles of
maternal feeling,—that which ought to be respected as
well among the most savage as the most civilized states.
Let us think of one single instance how the children are
treated then, even then when he was speaking, in the
country of Poland. He would bring it home to his own
heart. His first.born—a sickly infant—many times had
he carried it in his arms from evening to dawn of morn-
ing—bow could he bear that child to be taken from his
arms, how could he bear it to be carried off to be educated
in the worst possible maxims—educated to be either a
tyrant or a slave ? If he had a choice between the two
misfortunes, he would say, " Bind his limbs with fetters,
but keep his heart innocent, he shall be the slave and not
the tyrant."—(Loud applause.) He would not pursue
this subject—it was too painful to dwell upon. In the
name of his countrymen, he hoped he might be allowed to
thank that gallant and patriotic nobleman—(Applause)—
for his eloquent detail ; a Pole who had left his home,
who had come abroad to raise the standard against the
despot—not upon Polish soil, which was at present in the
hands of the tyrant—but in the hearts of Englishmen, who
were free. —( Very loud applause.)
Mr. Hicoursox proposed the third resolution, and ably
advocated the question; other resolutions were moved and
carried.

A Lady in the gallery said that, feeling as a Christian
mother, she trusted that the ladies would be allowed to
sign the address.—(Very loud applause.)
Count Plater, Dr. Chalmers, Mr. Hitching', ➢lr. Hill,
and other gentlemen, afterwards addressed the meeting;
but having already exceeded our limits, we must conclude.
The meeting broke up about three o'clock.

A correspondent at Plymouth states, that the
ravages of the cholera among the persons connected with
the Theatre at that port, have been of a distressing nature.
Several actresses, two dancers, two of the bill-stickers, and
several other persons engaged on the establishment, have
fallen victims to the epidemic. It is expected that the
Theatre will not be opened, in consequence of the terror
that prevails.

AFFECTING DEATHS.--Saturday morning
an inquest was held at the Grapes, Red Lion-street, Hol-
born, on the body of GEORGE SKINNER, aged 35. The
wife of deceased died on Wednesday from inflammation,
shortly after the birth of an infant that died in a few hours.
The husband was much affected at his loss, and retired to
rest on Thursday night about ten, having previously coin•
plained of pains in his chest. Next morning he was found
lying on the bed undressed, quite dead, near the coffin
which contained the remains of his wife and child. %, et-
diet..." Natural Death."

James Chaplin, was opposed by Mr. WOODROFFE
for a creditor, Mr. Brett, and by a Mr. Cluff in per-
son; he was supported by Mr. COOKE.
The insolvent was a dealer in horses ; Mr. Brett
is the brandy-merchant of Drury-lane. In March,
1831, Mr. Brett being in want of a horse, and be-
ing no judge himself, took a carman with him to
Smithfield, to assist his want of knowledge in his
purchase. His son also accompanied him, but their
united judgment was no match far the professional
skill of the insolvent, who sold them a horse for 121.
warranted sound, and showy in appearance. They
returned with it to Drury-lane, and then sent it to
the stable in Little Russell-street, where two ostlers
discovered it was glandered. The next morning it
was sent back to the insolvent, who expressed sor-
row, and returned 21,, with a promise to return the
balance, la, in a few days: The balance, how-
ever, was never returned to Mr. Brett, and he was
consequently a sufferer to that amount as a creditor
of Chaplin. •
The COURT, after a long hearing of his case, -de-
creed the insolvent to be entitled to be discharged.
John Gotlieb Ulrick, a chronometer-maker, was
opposed by Mr. COOKE far a Mr. Yates, and by Mr.
WOODROFFE for a Mr. Shaw, and supported by
Mr. BARRY.

The insolvent had been discharged under the Act
in 1821, and also in 1831 ; his debts on the present
schedule were 6001. He had in 1831 omitted to
put Mr. Yates in his schedule, and he accounted
for not having done so, by stating, that when he
was in the King's Bench prison in 1831, and about
at that time to take the benefit of the Insolvent Act,
Mr. Yates, to whom he was indebted 231., called
upon him, to ask him to return two watches which
he had had for some months in his posses ion for the
purpose of repairing; that on that occasion, Mr.
Yates, on being told by him that he was about to
apply to the Insolvent Court for his discharge, but
that he should not mention his demand in his sche-
dule, had said, " I freely forgive you my debt, you
may depend upon my never claiming it of you, if
you continue to send your children to my wife's
school. I cannot give you an undertaking to that
effect, but you may depend on my word, which is
as good as my bond." The insolvent asserted that,
depending upon the word of Mr. Yates, he thel not
mention him in his schedule in 1831, that he was
discharged by the Court in September last, and sent
his children to the school of Mr. Yates' wife ; that
he was subsequently in November arrested by Mr.
Yates, against whom he had a set-off of 5/., and,
therefore, was not his debtor to the amount of a
bailable process. He did, however, put in bail, and
afterwards rendered to prison in their discharge;
but the bail, one of whom was Mr. Shaw, had been
put to 141. expenses on account of some irregularity
in the notice of bail, owing to which the plaintiff
had come upon them. The action was defended,
and Mr. Yates obtained a verdict, but got no money
by it ; the costs of the action were .50/. The in-
solvent attributed his present necessity of apply-
ing again to the Court to discharge him from his
creditors, to be the proceedings of Mr. Yates.
The ground of the opposition of Mr. Shaw was,
that he had been put to 14/. expense by the con-
duct of the insolvent in having neglected to take up
the bill which he had given him for the costs, which
he (Shaw) had been obliged to pay in the action
brought by Mr. Yates. It seems the insolvent is a
first-rare mechanician, and employed by the Admi-
ralty. He has a wife and seven children.

The Learned Commissioner (REYNows) obseri ed
the Court always were particularly careful that" per-
sons should not speculate in insolvency:" that Mr.
Yates, in his acquiescence in the omission by the
insolvent on a former occa,ion of his name and debt
in his schedule, was highly to be blamed, and had
placed himself in a position before this Court by no
means creditable. But that it was imperative on
the Insolvent, under the 64th clause of the Act, to
obtain the consent of three-fourths of his creditors
before he could be discharged.
