FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, JUNE 29.—The. Augiburg Gazelle of the
25th inst., contains the.following :—" Prince Esterhazy,
our Ambassador at the Court of London, will return to
his post. 'very shortly, in order• to take'a part in the c ,n-
-ferenets, which are to be resumed in that capital, for il:e
definitive settlement of the Dutch and Belgian question.
Hopes are en eitained here that ti Taostion will soon
be entirely determined. As peace is r.JW also restored in
the Eastohere remains but the affairs of Portugal to set-
tle. These ate asstunis,g a serious character, and trill
naturally attract the attention of the grest Powers. We
ledrn by the last accounts from Turkey, that Ibrahim
Pacha has been indisposed for some weeks past, and that his
state was of a nature that excited alarm amongst his
friends. 5h0...141 tesi-: news be correct, Egypt would pos•
sees its new dynasty hut a short time longer, as Mehemet
Ali is far advanced in age. The Sultan might avail
himself then of the circumstance to recover his authority
over every part of the Ottoman empire."
0:s Wefts:esti dee:araeion „vas made h..fore
• the Tribunal du Commerce of the suspension of payments
by the proprietors of the celebrated iron works du
Creusht, originally founded by Messrs. Manby and Wil-
son, Englishmen ; the company were therefore declared
in a teate of bankruptcy. This occurrence, the immediate
cause of which was an execution, levied by M. Aquado,
Jot a sum of 500,000 f , due to him, will throw snore
s thin 2,000 artisans out of employ. It is said that Go-
vernment has ordered military precautions to be taken
against any disturbances cc, urring at the works.
We learn from Lucerne that the Federal Compact has
been adopted in the Grand Council of that canton by a
majority of 71 to 3 ; but it is referred to the sanction of
. the Primary Assemblies of the people, which are convoked
for Joy 7.
We understand that the Spanish and French Govern-
ments have come oe a specific arrangement selz.tive to the
boundaries of the too kmgdorns as respects the rights of
pasturage, wisiCh it is hoped will prevent the recurrence
of the sanguinary I....tiflicts so frequently taking place be-
tween the Spanish and Fiench peasants on the Pyrenean

frontier.
The Augsburg Gazette, of the 23d instant, contains
the following, stated frontiers of Servia, June 10:
" Commercial letters from Constantinople mention that
the Rintsi in Captain Lieven, whom Count 01 tuff had sent
to the Head quarters of Ibrahim Paella, in order to ascer-
tain the retreat of the Egyptian army, has returned to
the capital, corroborating the evacuation of Natolia. In
consequence of this, the Russian troops were already em-
barking No serious obstacles appear now to exist to
prevent the final sAtlement of the Eqptian question.
G eat excitement continues to prevail in Servia Prince
Alilosch has called out the general levy, and driven away
the Turkish authorities from those districts which by the
treaty of Adrianople, were to be incorporated with S rvia.
He appears to avail himself of the embarrassments of the
Porte, to take possession of the provkces which, indeed,
were awarded to Servia, but the frontiers of which re•
mained to be stttled. The oppressive conduct it the
Turkish collectors of taxes and tenths app-ars to have
excited the Servians against the Ottoman Government."

(PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.)
PARIS, SATURDAY, FOUR O'CLOCK, P.M.
There is reason to fear that the 14th of July (the anni-
versary of the fall of 'he Bistile) may not pass off as quietly
this year us it did the list. You are aware of the unpo-
pularity of the plan, fixed upon by Ministers at the sug-
gestion of Marshal Soult, of fortifying Paris by means of
a set of fortresses which sheula ....mind the city as well
as the points from which it is practicalde for an external
enemy to make his approach. The execution et this plan,
arrange to say, was commenced before any application
was made to the Chamber of Deputies fur the necessary
funds, and before any trouble was taken to ascertain what
:night he the feeling of the Chambers and of the coun'ry
-especting it. You are also aware that the Chamb rof
-tputies refused to grant supplies for that objeet-Onsit a
bad been proposed and passed, defining and making
lute,tk:e mode of fortifying the capital, and that, not-
,- -tandi,ng this refusal, the works were continued :‘t
aton and Epine. If you have read the re-
y published I, tter of M. Clermont Tonnere to
vies the Tenth, on the expediency of fortifying
..titt, pal would easily understand why the pre-
cant Government, under the inspirations of Mar-
shal Soult, has persisted in the strange course which it
had thought proper to adopt. It will not be surprising,
ti err fore, that the tranquillity which the country has
enjoyed for the last few months should undergo serious
interruption, and things be brought again to the " topsy-
turvy" condition in which you saw them in June, last
ye,r. It is said that the people of Paris intend celebrating
the 14th of July by proceeding en masse to Charenton and
Epine, and demolishing the works of the fortresses, as far
as they have gone. The Government will, of course,
station strong bodies of military near the fortresses to
oppose the popular scheme, and a collision may take place
of which it is hardly possible to foresee the consequences.
The people are advised by the independent press to take a
snore quiet and leg .1 mode of opposing the execution of
;he Ministerial plan of fortification, but the voice of the
pretax will not avail on such a point. The people wih act
on this occasion-as they have done on so many timer
ones. They will either remain apparently inaiff,a-tnt to
what is going on, or rise spontaneously to avenge the at-
tempt made against the it liberties by a Government which
-tl:tsy alone have raised out of the barricades.
Tl.e French funds have gone on declining, in spite of
the exertions of the speculators for the rise to keep them
up, The real cause of this tendency in the prices of the
fun's fur the last few days is a temporary scarcity of
money. To morrow is the day called jour d'echeance
roinmerciale—that is, the day on which the hills of trade
aragi others rue made due; and there having been a greater
demand for cash than usual, the highest discount has
been offered, and sums have been withdrawn from the
funds to he so empl,yed. Hence the sales of the stock,
and the effect they necessarily produced.
The accounts from Constantinople to the 7th instant,
received here through various quarters, are such as to
make many persons believe that the Russians have by
this time entirely evacuated that capital. But the accounts
4u pot say that the evacuation hid been already, cum-
penned, and it may be as well to wait until we learn that
hot a single Russian soldier remains within the Bosphorus
before we make up our minds that the intention to evacu-
ate was sincere.
According to the last accounts from the Grand Duchy
of f4e,i4m, there was reason to fear that a new diesolution
a the eleatiie Chamber wilt take place. The opposition
Pet up by the majority in the late Chamber against some
of the views of the Government brought about its disso-
lution ; bat it appears di it the result of the appeal thus
made to the electors has not at alt satisfied the wi3O,es of
the Coutt. Many of the late members have been returned,
and the new ones are not disposed to act as the tools of
the Government and the Germanic Diet. The new
Chamber appears disposed to insist on the entire liherty
of the press. It might as well vote for a republic in f .rm
of government. The former had as much chance as the
latter of being maintained where the bayonets at the dis-
posal of the Germanic Diet are able to reach.
The 3 per Cents. opened to day, for the end of the
month, at 77f. 45c., and after being done at 771. 50c.,
piosed at '77f. 35c. to 40c. The 5 her Cents. ci ,-ed at
10,3 f, 70c., also for time. Z.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAats, JUNE '27.
Five per Cents., 11431. 80c. 95c. 90c.
Four and a Half pe; Cents., 1011 15c.
Four per Centi., 94f. 50c.
- Three per Cents., 77f. 45c. 55c. 65c.
National Loan, 113 f. 75c.
Bank Actions, 1,750 f.
Rente de Naples, 91f 40c. 50c.
Roman Five per Cents., 91!i.
, . Bente d'Espagnc, Five per Cents., 16,,f, 11,
Rente al:spume. Three per Cents., 46% ',7i, :)..i
- Royal Spanish Loan, 911.
Rente Perpet. d'Evagne, Five per Cents.,-.a LA ~' ~,,
Beige Loan, 1831, 93% •
' klaytian Loan, 260 f. t.'6l2f. 50c.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, -1 —c.; mon,y, 25f. 60c.
Three months, paper, —f..—c.; 11,..iin,y, 251: Yc.
—Coors Authentique.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PAats, JUNE ...3.
Five per Cents., 10 if. 103 f. 95c. 10 If.
_--- -Three per Cents., 77f. 50c. 55c. 60e.
1-liisirlsi . "al lancis it3f. Sept.,
- :-.-• ......; ons, 1',750f.—c.
:''''C\.:::;-27.(-I.littelhalllte illeigie:aPi:lesnre9el:nif.%t,4es()"pc9e.rl (24el'iits., 164
V"'_, p ',\ •..4.--..:.lterttf-er Kepagne, Three per Cents., 46 4 % )4,
l',' ' ''.'. ' Relys! f4pa,msgn Loan, 91%,
(....)
- 0
:7.,..;..
,!,,,,,,,.. -',74,lReergtic..k,u'd-Pli'lt.lBd:'3.Eii:pawgiBle, Five per Cents, 78% IA %
Ova Y___.- V., ~,••?.. EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
',2.V. ''' V....,lVatlit, paper, —t'. —c. ; money, 9.5 f. 6 'c.
"...:-,-,.......__.e1e.-Itostlis, paper, f. —c. ; money, •251. L Oci.
' '
,?...* a• nee,rierrEkthentilac.
~....e.....L_____l::::..,

11 AGAZINE

NE W MONTHLY MA OA ZINE.
Mr. Bulwer has, this month, availed himself
of the services of the celebrated hitorian Sis

mondi, who furnishes an essay on the " Eman-
cipation of Slaves," in which occurs the follow-

ing just and striking remark :
" Nothing is r,o fatal in politics as an unsuccessful expe-
riment. If the people have been deceived in a noble hope,
--if their enthusiasm Las been chitled,—they soon learn to
distrust their feelings and imagination ; they become in-

sensible to the language which used to rouse them ; tl.ey
believe themselves dupes to their own magnanimity ; and,
yielding to a sordid sentiment of selfishness, they resit
every future attempt at amelioration as a tribute of respect
to the experiment which has failed."
- •

There is as much philosophical sagacity in
this observation as ever yet fell from the lips of
Burke. Our readers may be desirous to know
what so observant a writer thinks of Mr. Stan-

ley's plan. Here it is :
" It is some time since I have written the preceding
pages, and I have now read the speech of Mr. Stanley,
and the project which he has submitted to Parlitm,nt.
His sentiments—the sacrifices he proposes to the English
nation—surpass my most sanguine hopes. But are sent:-
ments and sacrifices sufficient to accomplish the object
which the Ministry must have in view ? I am obliged to
doubt it. All the objections which I have advanced
against the system of culture by workmen without inte-
,t iu Inc soli filar til.y cuiuvcte, Emu driven to struggle
with masters already irritated against them, I find in the
plan of Mr. Stanley. Two classes of men, who nourish,
the one against the other, a spirit of jealousy, of defiance,
of resentment approaching even to hate, are to come into
contact every day upon those physical details of existence,
which often suffice to embroil members of most united

families among the poor. The master is to find nourish
went, clothing, medicine, for his ci-devant slave. But who
shall be the judge to decide, three times a day, if the por-
tion be sufficient at each repa't—if the aliment for the
slave be nut provided, by the spirit of aversion or revenge,
from among the most unwholesome or unpalatable viands?
While the negroes were slaves, remember, the master had
an actual interest in their lives and health; that interest
ceases now, and himself or his subalterns may now vent
their rancour and their spite—whether to prove to the
slaves that they were ben, r off in their slavery, or to coun-
teract the new system of which they disapprove."
" The Bank Charter" is skilfully argued, but
despairs of a successful issue to Lord Althorp's
plan. "O❑ the Thugs" contains sonic extra-
ordinary details respecting an organized confede-
racy of robbers and assassins which has existed
for ages unmolested, because undiscovered,
in the heart of India. These black rascals are
unrivalled proficients in the art of murder, com-
biningthe scientific tact of a Burke with the
steady determination of a Thurtell. Their
favourite mode of transacting business is by
strangulation—for they are very conscientious,
and abhor shedding blood—though some of
them, who are more enlarged in their ideas, will
not object to cut a throat now and then, if only
for variety's sake. When they meet with tra-
vellers who seem likely to prove ugly customers,
their plan is to accompany them as a sort of
escort, till they reach a favourable spot, when
they persuade their victims to halt, feast them
like princes, and amuse them by a thousand
sprightly sallies. Having thus thrown them off
their guard, they next proceed to stupify them
with drink (a fact which convinces us that the
art of hoeussing, like the doctrine of the Tri-
mourti or Trinity, is of Eastern origin),
after which they murder, rob, and bury them,
without allowing the poor devils an instant's
Leisor* to reflect on the peculiar delicacy of
their position. It is said ibat these scamps
have been known to put as many men to death
in one year as the most accomplished physician
that ever swelled the bills of mortality in town
or country. But, as Lord Eldon would say,
we " doubt" this. One fact, however, is certain,
namely, that the Thugs are remaikably agree-
able and gentleman-like in their manners, full
of fun and anecdote, and would be perfect pat-
terns of gentility, could they but divest themselves
of their vulgar habit of clutching strangers by the
throat. But all men have their little weaknesses !
"On the Progress of Music, from the Com-
mencement of the Present Century" is a very
elaborate treatise, in which due respect is paid to
the genius of Bishop. " The Late London
Hurricane" quizzes the embellished style of
newspaper accident-mongers in a very happy
vein of irony. " Conversations with Lord
Byron" are more readable than they have yet
been. The reflections on avarice are quaint and
ingenious.
