George Jones, Esq,
Samuel Evers, Esq.
Henry Van Wart, Esq.

James Barlow, Esq.
Joshua Seholefield, Esq., M.P.
Samuel Thornley, Esq.

Samuel A. Coddard, Esq.

This Company was established in Birmingham in the year 1833,
(in 2,000 Enrolled Shares of 101. each) for the manufacturing of
Tin Plates, Bar and Sheet Iron, &e., at Parkgate Works, near
Rotherham, Yorkshire, situated immediately upon the line of the
Sheffield and Rotherham, and North Midland Railroads ; and con-
nected by a river navigation, with the ports of Goole, Hull, &c.
The works, which are principally on Freehold ground, are exten-
sive, in excellent condition, and in full operation ; and have been
recently valued at 30,000/.
The Directors having lately obtained an advantageous lease,
under Earl Fitzwilliam, of valuable Mine property, (Coal and Iron)
contiguous to the works, have (by virtue of powers vested in them
by the Shareholders) decided to encrease the Capital of the Com-
pany, for the effective working of the same, and for the erection of
one or more Blast Furnaces ; for which purpose they propose to
issue 2,500 additional shares in scrip certificates of 101. each, a pre-
ference being given in the allotment to the present Shareholders,
and by whom nearly half the 2.000 are already taken up.
When it is considered that the Mines and Furnaces are compe-
tent to produce the quantity of Pig Iron actually required and
hitherto purchased for the works, the importance of this acquisition
need not be dilated on further, than to state that that with one
furnace producing from 70 to 100 tons per week a saving in this
branch alone will be ei-L'eted of 100/. to 150/. per week.
In pursuance of these considerations, and under these powers, the
Mines have been opened, and found free from water to a sufficient
depth to supply, without drainage, Iron Stone of excellent quality
for two Blast Furnaces for a considerable time to come, and with
abundance of mine ground subsequently for the full term of the
lease obtained, which is for thirty years; meantime one blast fur-
nace, with steam engine, blowing apparatus, &c., is nearly com-
pleted, and will be in operation some time next month.
The local demand for Manufactured Iron is regular and exten-
sive ; and the quality of the Tin Plates being no,v well established
in Foreign markets and in London, the demand is fully equal to the
power orthe works.
The Directors after a very strict investigation as to the making
of Pig Iron, and its conversion into Manufactured Iron, can state
their confident opinion, that so soon as the Furnace alluded to gets
into full operation, they will be able to make on the whole capital
of the Company a permanent profit of 25 per cent. per annum ;
and when it shall be expedient to erect another Blast Furnace, the
profits will be greatly encreased.
The takers of the Shares now offered will not be required to sign
the decd of settlement, but any holders of the new certificates shall
be at liberty at any time to do so, and have their names registered
in the books of the Company.
The sum of Ten Pounds per Share will be required, of which,
Seven Pounds Ten Shillings will be credited to each share as capi-
tal, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings will be carried to the Guaran-
tee Fund ; thereby piseing all Shares issued upon the same foot-
ing. The Directors have taken 600 additional Shares on these terms.
By a supplemental deed it has been provided, that should any fur
ther capital be required (but which is not contemplated in any
way) a reserved power is vested in the Directors to make further
calls at stated intervals to the extent of Si. per Share on the whole
4,000 Shares.
These works being fully adapted for the immediate manufacture
of Galvanised or Zinced Iron Plates, &c. the Directors purpose
availing themselves .( this capability should that article be approved
of and come into general use; and for which purpose they have
put themselves into communication with one of the Patented Com-
panies to work under license or otherwise, as may be hereafter
arranged.
Applications for glares to be made to the Directors at the
Offices of the Company, I;th Newhall-street, Birmingham; to
Messrs. Amory and Coles, Solicit:Gni London ; on or before the
nOth of Jttne, 1838.

SCItOFgLA AND SCORBUTIC COINIFLAIS;TS.
pHE cases that have terminated favourably by a
course of SPILSBCRY'S PATENT ANTI-SCORIILL
TIC DROPS, have been numerous, and have claimed a celebrity for this
medieine durh.g the space of 30 years and upwards. Its success in scro-
-
fulous cases has amply borne out the testimony of Dr. Hamilton, Pro
fessor of Midwifery, gdinhurgh, when treating on this disease in his
work on female compia,luts. gvery patient, will, on trial, experience the
same exertions in his habit to throw off' this disease. In herpetic
eruptions from cold weather, par4ctilarly those attended with disorder
ts;ed
stomach; in Scorbutic, Gouty, Itheurnti,, And Bilious Complain
Patients daily give decided proofs of the etticacy of this mild anti-scor-
butic.
Sold Ret ail at No. IS, Soho-square ; also by F, Edwards, 67, St, faul'a
(on the Footway) ; White, 24, Cornhill, opposite the Royal Exchange
and Sanger, 151, Oxford-street. In Bottles, at 83., 10s. 6d., and 2.25. each,

Now- ready, in Quarto, price 25., Part I. of
FISHER'S CONSTANTINOPLE, and the
SEVEN CHURCHES OF ASIA MINOR Illustrated.
From Drawings on the spot by Thomas Allom, Esq. ; with an
Historical Account of Constantinople.
By the Rev. ROBERT WALSH, LL.D.,
Chaplain to the British Embassy at the Ottoman Porte.
Artists' Conversazione.—" Mr. Allom's popular mode of treat-
ing those glorious scenes exhibits peculiar talent. His figures, as
well as landscapes, are perfect—a rare combination."—The Globe.
London : Fisher, Son, and Co.

SIR WALTER SCOTT'S MOST POPULAR POEMS
Pocket-size. The Author's Edition,
With all Sir Walter Scott's Introductions and Notes.
Fir4HE LAY—MARMION—LADY of the
LAKE—ROKEBY--LORD of the ISLES—HAROLD
—TRIERMAIN, &c., all printed in 24m0. and done up in cloth
silk, roan, and morocco ; forming convenient pocket-sizes of these
celebrated Poems.
Robert Cadell, Edinburgh :—Whittaker and Co., London ; and all
Booksellers.
Of whom ma} be had,
LIFE of SIR WALTER SCOTT, by Mr. Lockhart, 7 Vols.
WAVERLEY NOVELS, 48 Vols.
SCOTT'S POETRY, foolscap size, 12 Vols.
SCOTT'S PROSE WORKS, 28 Vols.

A 'Valuable and Instructive Present for the Young.

Just completed, in six neatly bound volumes, price 3s. 6d. each.
THE PARENT'S CABINET OF AMUSE
AIENT and INSTRUCTION.

Each volume of this useful and instructive little work comprises
a variety of information on different subjects, Natural History,
Biography, Travels, &c. Tales, original and selected, and ani-
mated conversations on the objects that daily surround young people.
The various Tales and subjects are illustrated with wood-cuts.
Each volume is complete in itself, and may be purchased separately.
" Every parent at all interested in his children, must have felt
the difficulty of providing suitable reading for them in their hours
of amusement. This little work presents these advantages in a
considerable degree, as it contains just that description of reading
which will be beneficial to young children."—Quarterly Journal of
Education.

Smith, Elder, and Co., Cornbill.

Ninth Edition, enlarged, with an Illustrative Plate, price 6s. neatly
bound in cloth, or 9s. elegantly bound in morocco,
THE RECTORY OF VALEHEAD.
By the Rev. R. W. EVANS, M.A.
Universally and cordially do we recommend this delightful vo-
lume. Impressed with the genuine spirit of Christianity,
a diary
as it were of the feelings, hopes, and sorrows of a family, it comes
home to all, either in sympathy or example. It is a beautiful pic-
ture of a religious household, influencing to excellence all within
its sphere. We believe no person could read this work and not be
better for its pious and touching lessons. It is a page taken from
the book of life, and eloquent with all the instruction of an excel-
lent pattern : it is a commentary on the affectionate warning, Re-
member thy Creator in the days of thy youth.' We have not, for
some time, seen a work we could do so deservedly praise,
con-
scientiously recommend."—Literary Gazette.
" This little volume is so infinitely superior to the general run of
publications of its class, that we would strongly recommend it as
every way calculated to form an appropriate and valuable presentoccasions."—Herald.upon all occasions."—Herald.
Smith, Elder, and Co., Cornhill. or so

Just Published, price 45.,
AN HISTORICAL AND PRACTICAL
TREATISE on PRIMARY and SYPHILITIC DI-
SEASES ; their Varieties, Treatment, and Cure. 're which is
added, Concluding Observations on certain Urethral Disorders, ac-
companied by Morbid Secretions ; for the removal of which a
speedy and effectual mode of treatment is recommended, whereby
the administration of Nauseous and too often Ineffectual Balsamic
and such like preparations are rendered unnecessary.
By C.B. COURTENAY, M.D.,
42, Great Marlborough-street, Regent-street.
Sold by J. Hill, Medical Bookseller, 5.5, Great Windmill-street,
Haymarket; Simpkin and Marshall, Stationers'-court; Onwhyn,
Catherine-street, Strand ; Templeman, 284, Regent-street ;
Chappell, 19, Cornhill ; and by Booksellers in town or country.

mil. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION
at Garraway's, on FRIDAY, June 15, at Twelve, without
reserve, unless an acceptable offer be made by Private Contract,
The LEASE of the CROWN and SHEARS WINE-
VAULTS, No. 10, Sparrow-corner, a few paces out of the
111inories, and in the centre of an immense population. The pre-
mises are modern, in excellent repair, well fitted-up and arranged,
and doing an extensive and improving. trade.
May be viewed, and particulars obtained • also at Garraway's;
and of the Auctioneer, No. 17, Hatton Garden.

E---xcellent New-built PUBLIC-HOUSE and WINE-VAULTS.
by
at AUCTION,TweI
vby
orderat G aorfr at‘i,,,•
the
ys
Proprietor,eoff ee-h Coffee-house,
being
gone
engagedF ltl nA n-
MR. CHARLES GARDINER will SELL
SE, for a term of thirty years from Michael-
mast,ajtuoTntehh eleo'rsf establishment,'Nr
thoseal Li a b eli gi y A
espectable Premises, situate No. 255, in the
most preferable part of Whitechapel-road : the premises are sub-
stantially new, brick-built, of noble elevation, with a handsome
modern front, with two entrances.
May be viewed until the sale, and printed particulars had on the
Premises; at Garrawm 's ; of Mr. E. Cotterell, No. 37, Hart-
street, Bloomsbury; and of Mr. Charles Gardiner, Hatton-garden.

Valuable LEASE, for upwards of Fifty Years, of a capital Road-
side PUBLIC-HOUSE, between Kingsland and Stoke New-

ington.
-11113. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION,
at Garraway's, on FRIDAY, June 15, at Twelve, unless
previously disposed of Private Contract,
" The LEASE, with possession, of the HARE and HOUNDS
PUBLIC-HOUSE and WINE-VAULTS, in front of the
road, about midway between Kingslaad and Stoke Newington
--the premises are in excellent repair and well arranged, and
are sold in consequence of the ill health of the proprietor.
The premises may be viewed, and particulars obtained there ; at
Garraway's ; and of the Auctioneer, No. 17, Hatton-garden.

Capital newly-built PUBLIC-HOUSE and NINE-VAULTS,
near Exmouth-street, Spa-fields.
MR. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION,
at Garraway's, on WEDNESDAY, June 27, at twelve, un-
less an acceptable offer be previously made by Private Contract,
The very valuable LEASE for Thirty Years of the RED LION,
situate in Rosamond-street, at the corner of the New Northamp-
ton-road, leading into Coppice-row, a few paces from Exmouth-
street, in the direct thoroughfare from Clerkenwell to Spa-fields,
Pentonville, and Islington, and in the centre of oae of the most
densely-populated districts in London. The premises have been
recently rebuilt in a very superior manner, and are fitted-up and
arranged with every conveniench that can be desired for carrying on
the rapidly-improving trade, and for the comfort of a family.
May be viewed, and particulars obtained ; also at Garraway's ;
and of the Auctioneer, No. 17, Hatton-garden.

FIRST-RATE INVESTMENTS IN FREEHOLD PUBLIC-
HOUSE PROPERTY.
14R. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION,
at Garraway's, on WEDNESDAY, June 27, in Two Lots,
An important and valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, called
the RED LION, situate at the corner of Lambeth-marsh, adjoin-
ing the Turnpike-gate, in the Westminster-bridge-road, many
years known as a first-rate house, let at the very low rent of 841.
per annum, and upon a lease expiring in about seven years, when
a very large premium and au increase of rent may with certainty
be relied upon.
Also a capital FREEHOLD PROPERTY, known as the
BLACK HORSE Wine Vaults, situated the corner of the court
in Bedfordbury, Covent-garden, let at the trifling rent of 501. per
annum, on lease expiring in about twelve years, when a large pre-
mium will be obtained, the house being the best within a consider-
able distance—both properties are of a very superior character.
Particulars will be ready for delivery eight days prior to the sale,
and may be obtained at Garraway's, and of the Auctioneer, No.
17, Hatton-garden.

NO, In, -----T it -LI P—S
U V '
TEETH.— I MPORTANT TO THE PUBLIC.
LUDGATE-HILL, OPPOSITE E Bt. . A AGE
MONS. JAMES M. MALLAN, Surgeon
Dentist, No. 10, Ludgate-hill, opposite the Belle Sauvage,
most respectfully acquaints his Friends and the Public, that in conse.
quence of his INIPRO VEMENTS in the MECHANICAL DEPART.
MENT of DENTISTRY, he is enabled to REDUCE his CHARGE to
the following Scale :--n
A Single Artificial Tooth
ASet ........................................................................ 5 5 0
A Set of Natural Teeth on fine gold /slate l5 0 0
A Set of Mons. Mallan's Incofrodible Teeth, highly finished
with the gold sockets 2O 0 0
Filling a decayed Tooth with Mineral Suceedaneurn 0 5 0
All teeth supplied by Mons. N. are fixed without any wires or ligatures,
extracting the stumps, or causing any incumbrance, and guaranteed to
answer every purpose of MASTICATION and ARTICULATION. He
continues to till decayed teeth with his MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM.
Loose teeth fastened, whether arising from age, the use of calomel, or any
other causes. Scurvy in the Gums effectually cured and prevented.—
Attendace trout Test till Six,— No. 10, Ludgate hill.

Dr. Sigmond is wrong in stating that Magnetism after being many
years consigned to oblivion has again started into notice, unless he mean
the remark to be confined to England, for it has never been so consigned
on the Continent. In France it has never been relinquished from the
time of Mesmer's first introducing it to the present day. In Prussia
it is highly esteemed and encouraged: under the patronage of the King
an establishment has been formed at Berlin, with the eminent Dr. Wol-
fort at its head, for the cultivating its sanative powers, in which medical
students are instructed in its modes of operating with success. It is
difficult to distinguish whether by Dr. Sigmond's " explanations" his
intention be to recommend or decry this art ; certainly he is altogether
ignorant of the subject—he is wrong too in his operations, in the know-
ledge of how to prevent such a sad condition as befel the lady in Fitzroy.
square, as not to be able to recover her from it in less than twenty-four
hours ; whereas a skilful magnetiser would not have suffered her to re-
main in it as many minutes. Indeed these experiments ought never to be
tried ; no professed magnetist ever attempts them, never practising but
with a view to relieve disease or assuage pain, in which it may be re-
markably available—it is a rule never to employ the magnetical treat-
ment on persons in health, and Dr. Sigmond may consider himself ex.
treinely fortunate that the Fitzroy-square lady did not experience an
effect more fatal, and it will be well for him to desist from such random
experiments.

The reason of magnetical treatment declining in England may be ac-
counted for, not to mention few persons choose to devote themselves to
those anxious cares which accompany its practice, or can reconcile
themselves to the privations and the voluntary subjection to troublesome
attendance which it requires. Upon the death of De Maineduc, many in-
terestedly prejudiced and ignorant smoke sellers fearing a decay of their
trade rose up in arms, and by dint of daring impudence succeeded in
checking it; it was urged to be in opposition to all medical science,
nothing could be farther from truth ; it may be tried in cases where the
usual medical means appear not of pressing necessity, or when these have
proved unavailable; or more particularly,when the proceedings of physic
and magnetism can be associated, and physicians would act justly instead
of decrying and despising this art, to have recourse to it in quickening
an accelerating the effect of their own curative endeavours, and upon
physicians meeting difficulty in a case to apply such assistance.
The action of Animal Magnetism on the human nerves, its applica-
tion in the cure of diseases, and the greater part of the phenomena
which it produces, have been noticed in all ages. Many authors have
described and endeavoured to account for them, but their descriptions
are mingled with absurd details, and their explanations founded either
on physical errors or superstitious opinions. The observations of Mesmer
led him to distinguish what belonged to it from that which depended
upon adventitious circumstances, and to inform mankind that they could
give it such a direction as to make it instrumental in assuaging our suffer-
ings and curing diseases incidental to the human frame, and to him we
are indebted for an improved knowledge of this valuable art.
Much has been objected against Animal Magnetism on account of its
various speculative theories, but, " übi experientia constat ratio peti non
debet," and " Pour assurer q'une chose existe it West point du tout lie-
cessaire de concevoir la maniere dont elle existe, ou dont elle peut ex is-
ter,"—and this objection is destroyed by the numerous facts which have
established the beneficial results of its practice. Magnetists readily ac
knowledge this truth, " Ars medic; quod molestum est, liberat, et id ex
quo cui cegrotat auferendo sanitatem reddit, idem ac natura per se facere
novit," upon which they act without theoretical reasoning. Van HO-
mont says, " I have hitherto deferred to make manifest a great mystery,
namely, to show that in man there is placed an efficacy whereby he may
be able to act out of himself, and to imprint a virtue, a certain influence,
which afterwards perseveres or subsists by itself, and acts on an object
beneficially, for there lurks a certain spirit in the whole universe which
we call the great magnal, or sheath, which being the pander of sympathy
or fellow feeling, and dyspathy or difficulty of suffering, doth exist as a
communicator and promoter of actions, and by reason whereof magnet-
ism or attraction is by a vehicle or instrument of conveyance extended
to an object even at a distance, there is a magical virtue, being as it
were abstracted from the body which is wrought by the stirring up of
the more inward power of the soul, from whence there are made most
potent procreations, most fumous impressions, and most strong effects."
And Paracelsus affirms, " To know this philosophic secret truly is ne-
cessary to a physician; none can be certain in his art except he cleave
to this science. A man desperately sick, and at the point of death,was
recovered by its invisible nature, conveying to the heart a beam of the
natural life, and repairing nature, which, by an accidental sickness
causing a remotion, was spent and wasted, restoring him to perfect
health. Certain diseases of the mind in particular are healed without
the aid of natural physic, for in the minds of men there is a hidden vir-
tue of changing, attracting, and binding, that it desireth to attract, and
especially if it be set against with the greatest excess of the imagination
of the mind and of the will."

The names of the Marquis de Puysegur and M. Deleuze are above
suspicion, and the instances of cures performed by them are sufficient to
convince incredulity and disarm opposition. The following came under
my own observation :—A man near Camberwell, of the name of Berry,
was afflicted with paralysis and deprivation of sight; he was under the
care of an eminent oculist many months, without obtaining any relief—
magnetical treatment, in five weeks, completely restored him to health.
H. Childs, of Grove-lane, Camberwell, Ml and dislocated his shoulder,
which was immediately set, but a pain remained in the arm, with great
weakness, insomuch that he had no use in it; a medical man, after four
months ineffectual attendance, told him he could do nothing more for
him—time and patience were the only remedies, when he had recourse
to magnetism, which, in ten days effected a cure. An elderly lady at
Highbury had not slept above two hours during four days, and the ano-
dyne draughts prescribed came from the stomach immediately upon being
taken ; her apothecary recommended magnetical treatment, which was
applied for an hour, and the following night she enjoyed a refreshing
sleep of five hours.

Animal Magnetism is beneficial in all diseases, but it does not cure all
cases of all diseases ; it is a powerful therapeutic aid, but it is not omni-
potent; in diseases, admitting no cure, it will relieve and assuage pain
when no other means can. The disorder of George the Fourth, it appears,
was incurable, and the application of medical aid, though probably it pro-
tracted existence, also caused snore intense suffering—particularly the
patient was extremely distressed for want of sleep. It did occur to the

A numerous meeting of merchants, and ethet s immediately
interested in the banking laws, was held yesterday at the
lioyal Exchange, to take into consideration the best remedy
to be adopted in order to secure a free trade in banking. The
Lord Mayor was in the Chair. Mr. J. Dunne was requested
to act as Secretary.
The requisition having been read,
Mr. C. M‘Louonois proposed the first resolution.
Mr. J. DWYER, in proposing the second resolution, said be
would disclaim any hostility whatever to the Bank of Ire-
land, except so far as he deemed its monopoly opposed to the
public good. There was at present wholesome banking laws,
and there were in existence joint-stock banks of undoubted
security, and the evils and misery which befel the country
heretofore by the issue of bank notes ad libitum by persons
not having capital, or giving public security, could not occur
again. The great complaint against the Bank of Ireland
was, that from its formation in 1784, down to 125, when it
was compelled by competition consequent upon a change in
the law, it never established a branch in any of the country
parts of Ireland, or extended the privileges or advantages of
banking accommodation to those places. It was not until
Lord Liverpool and Lord Goderich passed the Act in 1825.
authorising Joint Stock Banks to be established within fifty
miles of Dublin, that the Bank of Ireland ever thought of
giving the benefit of branches of its establishment to the coun-
try districts. All the present meeting and the country geom
nerally wanted was to have an end put to monopoly, and, to
claim the redemption of that pledge made to them in 18:21
and 1824 by Lord Goderich—namely, that when the Bank of
Ireland Charter expired, trade in banking should be free. Ho
heard a rumour that the Charter of the Bank of Ireland was
to be renewed, conferring all its former privileges to Dublin
and five miles circumjacent. It was in Dublin that free trade
in banking was peculiarly wanted. He could not ever be-
lieve that the Government would enter into a compromise at
the expence of the welfare and property of the second city in
the empire. He would only say that if free trade in banking
was good within five miles of Dublin, it was much better in
Dublin and the suburbs round about it, and he trusted to see
new Companies enter the field with ample capital, and ample
security—indeed, without both, under the present Banking_
laws, no Bank could stand it.
Mr. Dixom said it would be unjust towards society and that
community upon the prosperity of which every Government
should stand or fall, to allow a monopoly to any Company or
any portion of society..--( Cheers.) He wound say—let there
be legitimate competition, under wholesome law, which would
secure the public ; indeed, under the joint stock! system there
could be no danger. It was said, indeed, that the Govern-
ment was under some obligations to the Bank of Ireland, and
that those obligations should be paid by granting the Bank
exclusive privileges ; but it was a fallacy to argue for a mo-
ment that any Government could upon any account enter into
conditions prejudicial to the subjects of the realm. It was
said, too, that the Government borrowed two millions and a
half from the Bank; if they did it was the public money they
got, and the public would soon pay it ; they paid the Bank
4 per cent., and money could be raised with great facility to
pay it off, and they could do so by paying 3f per cent., in-
stead of 4. Dublin was the place of all others in Ireland that
required a free trade in banking, in order to give an impetus
to her drooping trade and almost lost manufactures.
Mr. CLASSON next came forward to propose the third reso-
lution. He said he was sorry that he did not see more of the
men of great wealth and large capital present ; but, after all,
they were not the persons effected by the present restrictions
on the laws of banking. The men of capital could invest
it as they pleased, and move it alternately into whatever secu-
rities they thought proper, and it was not of much conse-
quence to them how men got their bills discounted, or what.
monopoly existed, except as far as they themselves were in-
terested in the monopoly.—( Hear.) But it was the man of
industry, and the man of trade, not the man of large capital,
who was most deeply interested in the present question. He
(Mr. Classon) was not opposed to the Bank of Ireland indi-
vidually. He had been forty years dealing with that establish-
ment, and he could say that he had been always treated with
honour and liberality. So far, therefore, as he was individually
concerned, he could speak of the Bank of Ireland in terms of
praise; but at the same time, the very constitution of the char-
ter tended to create a monopoly. The Bank did not nxwe
with the times—the times went at railroad speed—the Bank
only at a snail-pace. The country wanted a sound system of
banking, such as would give public security, and at the same
time crush monopoly. He would remark that English and
Scotch bills were discounted at four per cent., whilst tho
bills of the poor Irishman were charged five. He knew of
bills to be sent to Belfast and Glasgow, and done at four
per cent., and the money sent up to Dublin.
Mr. IGNATIUS CALLAGHAN stated that a report reached
Dublin from London, bearing something like an official form,
and by that report it would appear that Dublin was to be
lowered lower than the meanest village within five miles of
Dublin, and that the capital of Ireland was to be restricted,
whilst all the country besides was to be free. He never could
believe that the Government would lend themselves to any
measure so fraught with injustice to the public at large.
Mr. NICHOLAS Waunaos proposed, and Mr. Roach se-
conded the fifth resolution.
Mr. SMITH said he had the honour of being one of the de-
putation to London from the merchants of Drogheda and
Dundalk, and had an interview with the Chancellor of the
Exchequer. He had the happiness to state, that as far as
Drogheda was concerned, banking would be free. But, in
speaking of Dublin, the Chancellor of the Exchequer said
that something was due to the Bank of Ireland, and that
their privileges should extend over Dublin, and five miles
round, or at least to the Circular-road. He (Mr. Smith )
stood on higher principles than looking for free trade for his
own toivn, for he remarked that if free trade were good for
Drogheda it ought to be good for Dublin.—(Loud cheers.)
He thought, however, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer
or the Government, would yield to the people of Dublin—or,
not to the people of Dublin, but to the people of Ireland ge-
nerally. He had no doubt but a deputation to London would
be successful.

Mr. CALLAGHAN said he thought one of the most impor-
tant parts of the day's proceeding was to appoint a deputation
to proceed to London, and he would move a resolution that
the gentlemen should be appointed by the requisionists.
The resolutions, five in number, having been passed, with a
vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor, the meeting adjourned.
The Dublin Evening Post referring to the meeting, ob.
serves " the statement made by Mr. Dwyer, Mr. Classon,
and Mr. Smith, of Drogheda, in particular, are very impor-
tant. We have already adverted to the deputation which
waited on the Chancellor of the Exchequer from that town,
and to the declaration of the Right Hon. Gentleman, that the
Bank of Ireland monopoly should be confined within the li-
mits of Stonybatter, Dunleary, and Glassrncnogue. But,
having come so near the Circular. road—giving free banks to
Drogheda, Kells, Naas, and Bray—we really think that they
might be conceded to Donnybrook, Rathmines, and Drum-
condra : or why not at the county side of Harrington-street,
or east of Bag,got-street Bridge ? Nay, if the Circular-road
be the limit, we shall get up a Joint Stock Bank in Granby-
row. But it is all nonsense. The principle, in fact, is given
up by the limitation (that is to say, if the Chancellor of the
Exchequer acts upon his intention); and having been reduced
to the Circular-road, it must come to College-green.

We regret to announce the death of Major the Hon.
Richard Westenra, after a lingering illness, aged forty-one,
second son of Lord Rossmare, who died on Thursday last
at I3allyleck, his seat in the county Monaghan.—Pilot.
Por,Emics.—There was a very numerous and highly respect-
able meeting of the friends of the Rev. Thomas Maguire, held
at the Corn Exchange yesterday. A very considerable sub-
scription was made—for the particulars of which we refer to
our advertising columns ; and from the zeal and feeling mani-
fested, there appears to be little doubt of a brilliant result.
—The friends of our friend, Thrasham, had also a meeting,.
and monies were subscribed.—Dublin Evening Post.
TITHES.—A very important meeting took place on Sunday,
on the Curragh of Kildare, to petition against the continu-
ance of tithes in any shape. Never, at any period during the
last six or seven years, has there been a more decided mani-
festation against the tithe system, and a firmer determination.
not to pay, than was exhibited at this meeting. In Kilkenny,.
Wexford, Waterford, and other counties, the people are,
equally energetic in their reclamations on the subject. Sir
Robert Peel would prove himself a true friend of the Church
if he could effectuate a settlement on any terms.--/bid.

Mr. Hervey Aston, who has been for soine time
seriously ill, is better, and left Mivert's Hotel yesterday for Brighton.
CORONATIONS.--The price, as stated by our anti.
quaries, charged for persons to view the coronation of William the
Conqueror was " a blank" each. This appears to have in value some.
thing less than one farthing of our present coin; At the coronation o f
William 111. it had progressively raised to a crown. A writer in the
" London Magazine," of June, 1761, says that he " considers a guine
to be a fair price for the gratifying a ntan's curiosity upon the occar.;,o
of the coronation," and that " we ought not to exceed two guineas for
a woman's, let her be a wife, daughter, or sweetheart."

HIGH 'WAIT?. AT LUNt)L BRIDGE TO-7.TORROW.
...... 31 minutes after 7 I Evening 0 minutes after

On Saturday June 16, in one volume, post Svo.. with a Frontis-
piece, drawn by Rochard, from a sketch by the Author, a Map,
and Six Engravings on Wood by S. Williams,
RAMBLES in the PYRENEES, and a VISIT
to SAN SEBASTIAN.
By FREDERIC W. VAUX, Esq.
London: Longman, Orme, and Co.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The winner of the 50 Soy. Sweepstakes, referred to by our GI.-
respondent, was Mr. Wreford's " Camel, out of Margellina"—
Mr. Dixon's " Camel, out of Maria," being second. In cur
previous days programme, the name of Mr. Dixon was altogether
omitted by the Reporter, and his horse given in Mr. Vircford's
name.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

01",

zAle am.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING, JUNE 14, 1838.

Though we were pleased to hear that the Govern-
ment offered Mr. IlknvEY a Consulship in the United
States, we are not sorry that it has been declined ; for we
consider that the experience and talents of the Hon. Mem-
ber for Southwark might be far more usefully engaged in
some appropriate Political Station at home.

In the debates on the Reform Bill, when Sir ROBERT
PEEL'S sagacity was sharpened by a desire to find fault—
an excellent whetstone for dull faculties—he pointed out

several times that the consequences of establishing the ten

pound qualification as one uniform test of electoral capacity
would be to excite the discontent and the animosity of all

whom it did not embrace. His observations have been
fully confirmed by experience ; for every one, at all conver-
sant with the subject, knows that on account of being ex-
cluded from all share of the representation by the ten
pound franchise, a great mass of the inhabitants of our
towns express.decided and continued hostility the Reform
Act. But now, when his own theory is thus verified, he
pertinaciously insists on committing, with regard to the
municipalities of Ireland, the very fault he reprobated in
the Whigs in 1831. His error is much less excusable
than their's at that time ; and the same reasons which ope-
rated on them in 1831 go far to exonerate them now from
any blame for proposing as a test the five pound qualifica-
tion, which is, though not to the same extent, of an offensive
and exclusive nature, like the ten pound qualification of
the Tories.
Then, as now, the Tories were decided ene-
mies to all popular rights ; and then, as now, they consti-
tuted a numerous and powerful party, the opinions and
prejudices of which must always be taken into account.
',Chen, as now, without having recourse to revolutionary
violence, which no person of the least weight is, happily,
found to encourage, it was hopelessly impossible to carry on
the Government in direct hostility to their views. Then,
too, we had not attained the certainty which we now pus-
ses;, that great discontent and great evils are caused by a
Tine of demarcation which admits some into the electoral
body, and rigorously excludes many others ; then preju-
dice and custom were universally in favour of some
tolerably high pecuniary qualification as a test ;
and these acting on the general opinion and
-being unable without revolutionary violence to carry a mea-
sure of Reform, more democratic in principle than the
Reform Act, the Whigs were in a great measure justified
for not adopting as a test a lower figure. At present the
Tories are so powerful, that as Sir ROBERT PEEL says, no
measure can be passed of which they thoroughly disapprove,
and, as they struggle fur the 101. franchise for Irish towns,
there cannot be the smallest chance of carrying, even
through the House of Commons, a lower franchise than
that of Si., proposed by the Ministers—there is a choice
between passing no Bill at all and a more democratic fran-
chise ; but those who admit the propriety of passing a Bill
must make up their minds to a franchise, at least as limited
as that which the Whigs in deference to Tory prejudices
and Tory hatred of freedom and Tory power have adopted.
We are free to say, that we would rather have no Bill
at all than one with an exclusive franchise, because every
such measure creates some interest, and establishes some
legal rights, which are become bars against further improve-
ment. When the Legislature has once passed an Act
feelings of shame. as well as vested interests—though they
be the most revolting to justice—serve to fasten it on the
land. We, therefore, are in no hurry to get a Municipa
law passed for Ireland, which is not such a law as th
people want, and by-and-bye will have ; and those wh
require such a Bill must be contented with such a co
promise of popular rights as the Tories will consent to p
through both Houses of Parliament.
We admit that the 51. is exclusive like the 101. franchise
but we contend, because the Tories, who hate all popula
rights and are very strong, would successfully resist a !owe
rate, that the M inisters are justified for adopting the Si., alone'
we know that like the 101. it will justly produce discontedi
in all it excludes. But what can we say of the sagacity of
that statesman who eloquently pointed out the evil conse-
quence of the 10/. franchise, during the discussions on the
Reform Bill, who has since seen his doctrines verified, and
who now, for a vary despicable party purpose—with the view
of maintaining an oppression by establishing an exclusion—
insists on acting on a principle which lie knows will generate
discontent and discord ? Sir RoannT PEEL may be a good
leader of a party, an eloquent debater, a skilful manager
of the House of Commons—but he is a most wretched
statesman.

The nomination for the county of Linlithgow, where a

vacancy in the representation has occurred, in consequence
of the resignation of the Hon. Captain HOPE, who has
gone on foreign service, took place at Linlithgow on Mon-
day last. The candidates proposed were Mr. JOHSTON, of
Straiton, on the Liberal side, and the Hon. CHAS. HOPE
(a brother, we believe, of the late Member), on the Tory in-
terest. If we may propos tieate any thing from the proceedings
in this stage of the election, we should say that Mr. JOHN-
sToN's success was sure. The show of bands was greatly

in his favour, his cause being taken up by Reformers of all
shades. But there is a latent power of Toryism in the
_ county which no ordinary exertions can overcome. The
.HOPE fanny are also deeply entrenched behind a battery
of fictitious votes, which they will not scruple to bring to
bear upon their opponents. No means will be left untried
by those who have had the assurance to fill up a requisi-
tion to Mr. HOPE with the names of men who are the
known supporters of the MELBOURNE Administration.

Mr. O'CoNNELL'S motion for the Abolition of the
Female Negro Apprenticeship system, from and after the
Ist of August next, is fixed for this evening, We await the
result with no ordinary degree of anxiety, convinced that
the rejection of a proposition so just, so humane, and so
powerfully in accordance with every gentlemanly feeling,
and Christianly sentiment, will fix an indelible stain, not
only upon the British House of Commons, but upon every
individual Member thereof, composing the majority. As
the question is vet to be decided, we pray Honourable
Gentlemen to reflect a little before incurring the odium of
every woman, and of every individual of their own sex worthy
of the name of man, in the United Kingdom. With what
faces will they return to their own families and acknow-
ledge to their wives, their sisters, and their daughters—for
even a 'planter would not dare to boast of such an outrage
against humanity—that they voted for subjecting some
thousands of weak, defenceless women, many of them in a
state of pregnancy, and others the mothers of large fami-
lies, to be yoked in the field like beasts of burden, mashed
on Li treadmill for a refusal to comply with the brutal lust
of a ,flare-driver, and actually flogged in a state of compa-
rative nudity in the presence of their husbands ? We are
treating this question on the grounds of humanity and
manly feeling alone, because we can scarcely believe that
any body of gentlemen could bring themselves seriously
to contemplate it in any other form. We are likewise
presuming .Lord GLENELG'S Bill—knowing as we do that
it will prove, an utter failure—to have no actual existence.
That we are not exaggerating the sufferings of the negro
female apprentices, we have ample evidence in the Part V.
to the abolition of slavery in Jamaica
