meat chosen by the KING (and upon the correctness
of which choice his MAJESTY demands the opinion
of the people—for that is the simple fact) is defeated
upon the two first and greatest questions which a Go-
vernment, as such, can submit. And how does the
KING act ? He still, and nevertheless, defies the
public judgment, and retains his Ministers ! Thus,
then, the SOVEREIGN would appear to unite in his
own person two of the Three Estates which give figure
to the English Constitution. It is idle trifling to talk
of what the Ministry will or will not do, or whether it
will or will not resign : it has no will to exercise in re-
taining power contrary to the pleasure of the KING,
and the KING'S permission is all that we hare to re-
gard. Now, is this combination of constitutional
powers in the person of his MAJESTY right or wrong ?
But the KING can do no wrong, and if it be wrong,
whether arising from simple error in judgment, or from
criminality of intention, his Ministers become respon-
sible.

as a general rule that imprisonment for debt only is at
present unknown in France. In every case the creditor
must support the debtor while in prison—the allow-
ance to be proportioned to the prisoner's rank, and
previous standing in society. The alimentary allow-
ance must be always paid in advance: whenever this
is neglected the prisoner is set at liberty, and no credi-
tor can ever again incarcerate him for a less sum than
that for which he was before committed.

How different from this humane systein, is the
existing law of England, by which an old man of eighty
or ninety, may be dragged, in the last stage of
sickness, to close his eyes in the dungeons of a
prison. None but the rich, the noble, and. the power-
ful are here protected from the felon gripe of
the Sheriff's officers. From the cradle to the crutch
all are amenable to a system which fills the streets
with squalidness and misery—crowds the hulks with
convicts, graduated in depravity—and strews the land
with bleeding and broken hearts. From these degrad-
ing miseries Sir JOIIN CAMPBELL has long pur-
posed to deliver this Country. We trust he will succeed,
and if he do, society will owe as much to him as it
does to those who blotted for ever from the statute-
book of England the acts which legalized Slave pro-
perty.

It is quite unnecessary to discuss whether the judg-
ment of the people has been correct in their selection
of representatives. Inasmuch as it has been con-
travened, no matter by whom nor under whose advice,
they have sustained an injury and it must be redressed.
No Government can go on without funds, and if the
present really is objectionable, the stoppage of the sup-
plies would prove a very quiet and effective extin-
guisher, notwithstanding Sir ROBERT PEEL'S heavy
doubt as to the course which in that case he should
adopt. Regardless, then, of the taunt of factious
opposition, the House of Commons (or what is much
the same thing, the majority) may safely and suc-
cessfully try it, and we trust it will.
There is one means, however, by which the wrong
will not be redressed, but rather perpetuated. The
people of England are sometimes goaded by exaspera-
tion into acts of constructive intimidation, and their
more enthusiastic br,:thren in Ireland have been, ere
now, provoked into open rebellion. Let them both be
on their guard. - The slightest evidence of physical re-
sistance would be not only subversive of their juccess,
but the inevitable establishment of the present Ministry
in strength and security. Nothing more is required
for their overthrow than moral influences ; the resis-
tance is going on excellently well, and we hope that no
exhibitions of individual violence will mar the good
worm.

On the motion of the Duke of WELLINGTON last
night in the House of Lords, a Select Committee was
appointed to consider the plans for the construction of
new Houses of Parliament. Lord RODEN afterwards
gave notice that on Friday next he would put some
questions respecting the plan of Irish education. In
reply to an observation made by the Marquis of WEST-
MINSTER, as to whether it was the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON'S intention to propose Poor Laws for Ire-
land, and provision for the Catholic clergy, his Grace
replied that there was no intention on the part of
Government to provide for the Catholic clergy ; and
with regard to the other question, no measures would
be introduced till the Poor Law Commissioners had
made their report.

In the House of Commons, Mr. Alderman WOOD
brought in a Bill, for the enlargement of Smithfield
Market. Mr. O'CoNNELL gave notice of a bill, for
to-morrow week, to amend the present Law of Libel.
The nomination of the Education Committee was post-
poned till to-morrow (this day). Mr. O'D WYE it brought
forward his motion for a copy of the order recently
issued to Officers commanding troopS in Ireland, di-
recting that the soldiers, when ordered to fire, should
always do so with effect. A lengthy discussion ensued,
in which Sir H. -H A RDINGE, Mr. O'CONNELL, Mr.
LITTLETON, Sir R. PEEL, and Lord J. RUSSELL,
took a part ; after which, the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. GISBORNE then brought forward his motion of
which he had given notice, for the prevention of
Bribery at Elections, which was also withdrawn. The
House rose at an early hour.

Among the notices of motions which stand on the
Order book of the House of Commons for this day, we
find one by Sir JOHN CAMPBELL, for leave to bring
in a bill for the total abolition of imprisonment for
debt. In the name of our country—in the name of
civil liberty—we thank the Right Hon. and Learned
Gentleman for his early introduction of this most
humane, benevolent, and righteous measure. In no
country in the civilized world, save England and
Ireland, can a human being forfeit liberty, character,
and future prospects in life, for so trivial an offence as
that of contracting a few pounds of debt, which is not
forthcoming on the day on which it becomes due. The
horrors of colonial slavery have been dwelt upon,
reprobated, and lamented in almost every liub-
lie assembly in the kingdom. From the Hus-
tings, the Senate, the Judicial Bench, and the
Pulpit, eloquent voices have gone forth, denouncing
the devilish doctrine that man could hold a property in
the blood and bones of man. Even the most delicate
and sensitive of the fair sex thought themselves called
upon to exert their influence for the deliverance of the
African captives, binding themselves to the observance
of self-denials, and unceasingly petitioning the Le-
gislature, and supplicating Heaven for the abolition of
those iniquitous laws which made man -the slave of man.
And yet there was less cruelty in the provisions of our
then Colonial Code, than there is now in our laws of
Debtor and Creditor, although hardly a female tongue
has been heard—rarely a Pastor's voice goes forth, to
denounce their Anti-Christian spirit—their more than
slave-tormenting severity. If the slave was deprived
of his liberty, he was not deprived of all power of loco-
motion, as is the debtor—if he was not allowed to pos-
sess property, neither was he permitted to know want—
if he was cut off from the society of his friends, he
was not constrained to herd with felons—he breathed
the pure air of heaven, and if he suffered from the
scorching sun of noonday, he was likewise fanned with
the sweet breezes of twilight—his eye-balls were not
strained to catch a glance through a double-barred
casement ; nor was his whole mind polluted by being
made the receptacle of the loathsome imaginings of cun-
ning, profligacy, and beastliness. There is not an evil at-
tendant on slavery, save the lash, to which the imprisoned
debtor is not subject, without even one of the allevia-
tions of that degraded and degrading state. The
slave-owner was obliged to provide wholesome food,
proper raiment, medical aid, and a provision in old
age for the poor African ; but the hard-hearted avari-
cious creditor may fling the victim of cupidity into a
loathsome dungeon, lock the door on him, and leave
him a wretched, squalid mendicant, to feed on the
husks of begging-box bounty, and when overtaken by
disease, engendered by hunger and confinement, to
close his eyes in death with a prospect of having his
remains enclosed in a parish coffin. The unfortunate
wretch, who, for a paltry debt, is lost to the world in
a prison, has nothing to hope for from the benefit of an
Insolvent's Act. Once within the walls—once a com-
panion of felons—and society has put its fatal ban.n
npon him. His hopca aie b6sti3cl his reputation is
for ever gone—his alleged crime is seared in the memory
of all his former friends ; so that, like erring woman,
the only way left for him to revenge himself on society
is to quit it for ever.

We have just seen a pamphlet entitled, a " Letter
from an Ex-M.P. to his late Constituents," which is
the avowed production of Mr. PETER, the representa-
tive for Bodniin in the last Parliament. In this
pamphlet, after defending himself from the charges
brought against him by some of his. Constituents, with
much feeling and spirit, Mr. PETER proceeds to com-
ment on the course of policy, foreign as well as do-
mestic, pursued by the late Administration. Here,
he justly observes, he finds little to condemn, and
much, very much to praise. He shows that the
Whigs, in the face of a thou Sand difficulties, beset by
vacillating allies on the one hand, and bold, indefati-
gable enemies on the other, acted up, in almost every
instance, to the pledges of economy and retrenchment
they had made. On the subject of their foreign policy
Mr. PETER is equally decided in his approbation,
though he makes out but a lame argument in defence
of their treatment of Poland. At all hazards, they
should have interfered on behalf of this persecuted
country. The question was essentially their own, as
much so as that of Reform or Colonial Slavery. When
the partition of Poland was resolved on, who so ener-
getic,—who so unanimous in their denunciation of it
as the Whigs ? When the Patriot KOSCUISKO vi-
sited London, who so frequent at his levees—who so
ardent in their sympathies as the Whigs ? It will
ever be among our deepest regrets that this party did
not, when in office, act towards Poland in the same
spirit that they professed when out. True, the ques-
tion was environed with difficulties ; but so was Re-
form—so was Colonial Slavery ; and the same
energy that triumphed over these, would also
have gone far to rescue Poland from the most
sanguinary tyrant with whom even size was ever
cursed. However, regret is unavailing now. The
noblest race of patriots in modern Europe languish in
dungeons, or in the deserts of Siberia ; the star of the
Russian NEtto is in the ascendant ; and the emanci-
pation of Poland, judging from present appearances,
is postponed to the Greek Kalemls. In every instance
but this, Mr. PETER is successful in his defence of
the Whig Ministry. His pamphlet is written with
ease. and fluency, and closes with some admirable sneers
at the vaunted sincerity of Tory Reformers.

Neither in Scotland nor in France is imprisonment
for debt legal, under circumstances similar to those
usual in England. In North Britain the creditor is
compelled to support his debtor during the period of
his incarceration, and the sum awarded for that pur-
pose must be paid in advance. Moreover, every
debtor must be supported according to his rank
and previous standing in society. In France
all women who are not enrolled as merchants,
all minors, and all above the age of seventy,
are privileged from arrest for debt. By a law
passed in April, 1832, further privileges are extended
to debtors ; although in France it never was lawful to
arrest for debt on nzesne process. Besides, it is to be
observed, that in all cases where a committal for debt
takes place, imprisonment ceases de jure at the ex-
piration of one year when the amount of debt does
not exceed five hundred francs, or twenty pounds
sterling ; and no matter what may be the sum, incar-
ceration cannot continue longer than five years, ex-
cept
in the case of debtors of communes, hospitals,
and public institutions, in which defalcations are
rather a species of fraud than a civil offence. By the
French law of 1832, many other benefits are extended
to debtors ; so that, in fact, it may be laid down

advises from Constantinople to the 4th ult. have
been received. On the first week of the Festival of the
Ramazan, a firman was issued by the PORTE, com-
manding all persons appearing out of doors, to dress
themselves in their best apparel, as- his Highness, the
SULTAN intended to walk in the streets during the
holidays, and might have his sight offended by
a negligent habit. This firman created much
uneasiness among the populace, as it imposed a per-
petual restraint on their movement. It is, however,
said that the issuing of the Firman was merely de-
signed to keep the public mind in a state of excite-
ment, until the SULTAN would gain time, unnoticed
by his subjects, to distribute a quantity of medals which
were sent by the Emperor of RUSSIA to be presented
to the Turkish troops. The jealousy of the Turks
would have been roused by such act, were it openly
performed in a season of tranquillity ; but by taking
advantage of the festival, and issued the afore-men-
tioned firman, the SULTAN found means to distribute
the medals without exciting any attention.

The Paris Papers of Monday have all been received,
with accounts from Bayonne to the 27th ult. The
French Journals contain no news of any importance,
and we consider it quite useless to give the various
rumours in circulation respecting the changes in the
Cabinet, especially as the truth must be known in a
few days.

To produce the desired effects in the fete scene of
Lestocq at Covent-garden Theatre, it was found necessary to
lay down a new set of gas fittings, and there are between four
and five thousand lights used in it.

Mr. Poole has read a new comedy in Drury-lane
Green-room, for the copyright of which the lessee has agreed
to pay 5001. It is said to be far superior to Paul Pry.

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1835.

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

This being the Second Seal, the ,LORD CHANCELLOR took
motions to-day.
His Lot:lmam upon taking his seat. this morning, said he
understodd there was a considerable arrear of old motions
which had not been heard, and, in consequence of that, he
was anxious to make some arrangement that would be conve-
nient to the Bar, and would insure them being disposed of.
His Lordship believed that it had been the practice for each
Counsel to make two motions successively in order, according to
their seniority, and the consequence was, that there we re many
motions of six or eight months' standing. His Lordship
thought the best course to adopt would be to have a list made
out of all the old motions, according to their dates ; and that
that list should be proceeded with, in regular order, until they
were ill disposed of.
Sir WILLIAM Hoht:x thought, except on motions for injunc-
tions, the Bar generally endeavoured to proceed with their
motions according to their dates. He was quite aware that
there were., many important motions standing over, and had
been so some time. He thought the suggestion of his Lord-
ship might be attended with a beneficial result.
Several other gentlemen concurring, his Lordship ordered
a list to be immediately made out.

THE MARKETS_(rius DAY).
CORN EXCHANGE.
The arrivals of all kinds of Grain are moderate, and the return
of Flour good. Fine Wheat continues to meet a steady demand at
the terms last quoted. Barley, Beans, and Pease unvaried. Oats
find buyers slowly to-day, and are without variation in price.
Flour heavy.
ARRIVALS.
I.vtle:,t I Barley. Oats. I Fleur.
6,590 qrs 4,0.:U qrs. 8,9-20 qrs. 7,990 sacks
trial -- 3 350 f-
Foreign

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Our arrivals are very few this day : one French mail, Uhl'
the express from Paris, two Hamburg mails, and one Dutch
arc due. No ship-letters.
The letters from Paris say that the American differences
will be amicably settled.

TITE FUNDS.

The Alinisters, at present proceeding- with firm steps in the
House of Commons, have given great confidence to the mo-
nied interest in the City as well as to the speculators in the
Funds; in consequence of which the Money market was ex-
ceedingly buoyant yesterday.
Consols closed at 92i- for the Account, and 91i for money.
Opened this morning at 92k a for the Account, and for money
91- to 92.
Exchequer Bills, 35 37 ; Bank Stock, 224-5 ; India Bonds,
18, rather heavy ; India Stock, 259-60.
The Foreign market was also firm ; left off with an improve-
ment in the prices. The following are the opening prices of
this morning :—Spanish Stock 60k i ; Scrip, 7k ; Portu-
guese, 921- to 93; Dutch 2} per Cents., 56a ; Colum-
bian, 381-
Panis BoußsE.—lt was settling day at Paris in the funds,
which experienced much fluctuation. Three per Cents. 79f.
35c. ; Five per Cents. 109 f. 10e. ; Cortes Bonds 451; Cou-
pons, 24.
HALF-PA ST ONE.

We have been favoured with a sight of a letter from Paris,
by express, from a person of high. authority in the above ca-
pital, stating that Marshal Soult, Sebastiana, and Dupin, are
to form part of the new French Administration. It was not
expected that a war would take place with the Americans.
In the early part of the morning the funds were buoyant,
but soon after they receded a little. Consols, which were
were done at 92,4 for the Account ; since which a re-
action took place, and Consuls may be quoted at 921 h for the
Account, and for Money 91 k. The Market appears firm.
The Foreign Secrrities also receded, but have since improved.
Spanish Stock 60k ; Scrip i a prem. ; Portuguese 92a
Colombian 38:11- Brazilian 84; Dutch 2A- 56k 57.

Consols foe the Account, 921 i

THREE O'CLOCK.

PUBLIC PETITIONS.—A Select Committee was
appointed last night in the House of Commons, " to whom
shall be referred all petitions presented to the House, with the
exception of such as complain of undue returns, or relative
to private 13111 s ; and that such Committee do classify the
same, and prepare abstracts of the same in such form and
manner as shall appear to them beSt• suited to convey to the
House all requisite information respecting their contents, and
do report the same from time to time to the House ; and that
such reports do in all cases set forth the number of signatures
to each petition; and that such Committee have power to
direct the printing in extenso of such petitions, or of such
parts of petitions, as shall appear to require it," consisting oT
the following Members
Oswald, J. Vyvyan, Sir R.
Peel, Sir R Patten, Wilson
O'Connell, D. Home, Joseph
Inglis, Sir It. H. Knatehbull, Sir E.

Littleton, E. J.
( lay, W.
Tooke, W.
Greene, T. G.

NATIONAL SCOTCH CHURCH,- LONDON.—The
trustees, elders, deacons, and members of the congregation of
the National Scottish Church, Regent-square, London, have
unanimously called the Rev. Peter M'Morland, of the North
Church, Paisley, to be their Minister. We understand that
this Rev. Gentleman has agreed to accept of the invitation,
and will proceed to the highly important sphere of his future
labours about the middle of April. It must be gratifying to
all the friends of our National Church, to learn that this im-
portant station is about at length to be permanently occupied,
and by one, from whose known talents as a preacher, and past
success in the discharge of parochial duty, the best results of
the future may be confidently anticipated. Scottish G wirdian.

An inquest was yesterday held by Mr. T. Patten,
Coroner for Rochester, on the body of James Bardo, a pauper,
who hung himself in St. Nicholas poor-house. It appeared
from the evidence of several of the inmates of the workhouse
that during the whole of Saturday he had been very melan-
choly, in consequence of a charge which had been brought
against him of improper conduct towards a child. He had
suffered from paralytic strokes, which it was supposed affected
his head. He was discovered hanging in a shed at the back
of the workhouse on Sunday morning about 7 o'clock, but life
was extinct. A verdict of " Temporary derangement" was
returned.—Rochestcr Gazette.

FIRES.—No less than four of these destructive
calamities occurred in the course of last night, in different
parts of the Metropolis. The first was discovered about ten
o'clock at night, and had broken out in an office on the first
floor of No. 3, Dean's Court, Doctors' Commons, in the occu-
pation of Mr. Matthew Tatum, Proctor. Its cause is wholly
unaccountable, as the office had been locked up since five
o'clock in the evening, and the fire had broken out close to
the floor, which, with the door, was completely burnt through.
The damage done is considerable. Another fire broke out in
the warehouse of Mi'. Samuel Pears, wine.merchant, 23,
Finch-lane, Cornhill. It was occasioned by a lighted candle
left in a cleft stick, on a basket containing straw and empty
bottles. Much damage is done to the building, but the most
serious was the destruction of four oil paintings of reputed
great value, and for one alone of which eighty-three guineas
had been refused. Another, arising from a foul chimney,
occurred at Mr. John Nichols's, of 42, Great Saffron-hill.
The ignition was so complete, that it became necessary to
tsar up portions of the first, second, and third flooring, before
the fire could be extinguished. The last was in the slaughter-
house of Alessrs. T. and W. Walker; carcase-butchers, in
Back Church-lane, Whitechapel. The fire was caused by a
quantity of unslacked lime, placed against a wooden wall.
The building was completely destroyed.
FIRE IN BROAD-STREET, GOLDEN-SQUARE.—
( Further Particulars. )—The fire broke out on the premises of
Mr. Sloateliam, a slaughterman, residing at No. Id, Marshall-
street, Golden-square, and before any possible assistance could
be procured, communicated to the extensive premises, work-
shops, and timber-yard of Messrs. Taperell, Holland, and
Son, cabinet and chair manufacturers, in Silver-street. Such
was the fury of the devouring element, combined with the im-
mense stock of combustible materials, that the exertions of the
firemen appeared to have not any control over it. The inha-
bitants of Broad-street commenced throwing out of their front
windows their furniture and property into the street, which
were broken in pieces. The whole of the back of the pre-
, mises of eleven houses along the north side of Broad-street
were at one period on fire, tin, wind having set in strongly
from the south-west ; but by the determined exertions of the
firemen,they prevented the houses from being entirely destroyed.
About half-past one o'clock the v, ind suddenly shifted from
the south-west to the north, blowing a strong gale, which
from the extensive body of fire, on the premises of Messrs.
Taperell and Co., immediately communicated to the back pre-
mises of sixteen houses in Silver-street, Golden-square, which
were very considerably damaged before the firemen could ex-
tinguish the flames. The devouring element then communi,
cated to the house of Mr. More, a hatter in Marshall-street,
which, with the adjoining one, was quickly reduced to a heap
of ashes. Such was the fury of the flames, that an immense
body of flakes of fire were carried into Soho-square and Co-
vent-garden market. This morning, at day-break, Broad-
street and Silver-street presented a most distressing spectacle.
The middles of the streets were piled with furniture, broken
in pieces, the owners of which were running in all directions
endeavouring to discover their property. The principal suf-
ferers in Broad. street were Mr. Erssey, carver and gilder,
Mr. Miller, baker, Mr. Debenham, dyer, and Mr. Roach,
•tailor, the whole of their property being destroyed. It is not
at present known in what manner the fire originated. The da-
mage done is estimated at between 35,000/. and 40,000/. We
are happy to state that no lives were lost. The flames were
subdued by four o'clock.
HORRIBLE MURDER.—On the night of the 13th
inst., a banditti from Aughaboe, Queen's county, reached the
house of a poor farmer named Howe at Castlefleming whose
daughter they were determined to force away, to marry her to
one of them, a wretch called Rover. Having entered Howe's
house, they beat the inmates, and a young farmer, named
Magrath, who was on the eve of marriage with Howe's daugh-
ter. They beat out Nlngraties brains with savage ferocity.
Whilst they were wreaking their vengeance on her ill-fated
lover, the poor girl succeeded in escaping. Finding she had
eluded them, the assassins decamped. As Police Sergeant
Kelly, and his party were returning from Borris-in- Ossory,
they came up with five men about two miles from Howes, and
took four of them, the fifth leaped over a hedge and escaped.
On examining the prisoners they found_concealed under the
great coat of one, a hurl, smeared with the blood, hair, and
brains of poor Magrath. The prisoners were identified as
principals in the murder. An inquest was held and a verdict
of " Wilful Murder" returned against. J. Bergin alias Brogucr,
M. Whelan alias Rover, and J. and P. Fitzpatrick, who have
been committed to gaol for trial
