, 7

•
tion was nevertheleta illegal, if. the Onveyance of
the slares had not taken place with all the forms
prescribed by law. Lord Combermere had km poWer
to dispense with the . laws, and even those relating
to the revenue had been violated, considering that
the slaves were " goods and merchandise,' and
ought to have been accompanied by a sufferance.
Dr. JENNER remarked, that this question had lib-
thing to do with the information.
The KING'S 'ADVOCATE: then proceeded to point
out the distinction between this case and that of
" Grace." The return of Grace had been purely
voluntary. Great stress had been laid on that cir-
cumstance. The Judge in the Court below had said
that he would not say what might not be the effect
of a master holding, out an encouragement to the
slave to return. In this case Major Watts fully
considered that the manumission was complete,
otherwise he had been guilty of a legal fraud, and
she slaves had been thereby induced to return.
Dr. tUSHINGTON, on the same side, drew the
following distinctions between this case and, that of
" Grace The latter was the case of a•slave
proceeding from Great Britain.to Antigua; this was
the case of a slave sent from Gibraltar to Baibadoes
and thence to Antigua ; and therefore an importa-
tion from one colony to another, to which the Slave
Trade Acts indubitably applied. 2d. In this case
there had been a form of manumission (valid or not)
previous to their removal to Barbadoes. 3d. The
expoitation of these slaves from Barbadoes to An-
tigua was compulsory ; whereas the return of Grace
had teen free and spontaneous. In regard to the
anomaly on the part of the informant, of praying for
condemnation of these persons to the King, and
other inconsistencies, the Learned Advocate ob-
served that the whole system of slavery was full of
these anomalies and inconsistencies. For instance,
slaves were held in the West Indies to be chattels.
In respect to property a chattel could have none,'
hut in point of fact slaves did possess property in the
West Indies, although they had no power of assert-
ing it by law. The Learned Advocate was proceed-
ing to point out other, instances, and to comment
upon them, when
Lord STOWELL requested he would confine him-
self to the present case.
Dr. LUSIIINOTON then entered upon a minute in-
vestigation of the various statutes, in order to refute
the objection as to time. •
Lord .STosvELL—Am I to go through all these
statutes ? If so, I must have the assistance of
Counsel. I cannot pretend to drudge through all
these statutes, and to give my opinion upon the con-
struction of them. I cannot do it. First lam to
go into the general system ; then to take a compre-
hensive view of all the conflicting statutes. I
thought this would have been a short case, but I am
slow to go.into the question again.
Dr..LUSHINOTON conceived that, unpleasant as it
was, this course W 39 absolutely necessary.
The COURT deferrA bearing the reply till the
next Court-day.

FUNERAL of the BISHOP of WINCHESTER.

WINCHESTER. TUFSDAY, Nov. 20.
The funeral of the Bishop of Winchester toot
place in our Cathedral at eight o'clock in the morn-
ing. The body arrived here yesterday, and was de-
posited for the night at the White Hart Inn. The
procession to the church consisted of a hearse-and-
six, three mourning coaches-and-four; the late pre-
late's own carriage, and two others, with the accus-
tomed gloomy retinue of attendants and decorations.
The appearance that was presented at the moment
the pageant was entering the great western door of
the Cathedral was very imposing. The spacious
aisle, and the steps leading to the choir, were
throngw.l with hundreds of spectators, who pre-
served a dead silence, while the procession moved
up the centre in the following order :
A. handsome black plume, and mutes.
The Singing-men aud, Choristers, under the direction of
Dr. Chard, chantingrhs.tirst sentences of the funeral service,
each wearing a black silk scarf.
The minor Canons of the Cathedral, in black satin scarfs.
Officers of the Cathedral.
Two Prebendaries, the Chat-Mellor of the Diocese,
and the Dean, all in scarfs of black satin.
THE BODY,
in a richi;t-gilt Coffin, covered by a plain veliet pall,
without any episcopal or Aber achievements whatever.
The three soris of the deceased, as chief mourners.
Other mourners and attendants, two and two.
The burial-service was read by the Dean, Dr.
Rennell, in an impressive and (so far as the hum
of the crowd would permit) an audible tone. At
the appropriate time the body was conveyed, with
the same procession as before, to its last habitation
—a new vault near the western cud of the south
aisle of the nave. Here an anthem was performed
over the remains, and the ceremony was concluded
in the usual manner. Throughout the ceremony
there was no other token by which to know that
It
was a Bishop's fut,eral than the arms on his carriage,
and the black cloth around his vacant throne. The
same bell which has this day tolled fox Bishop Tom-
line's departure, is now ready to ring a merry peal
for hie successor.

In Ms Lecture On Saturday, Mr. Wood tool(
occasion to relate an amusing anecdote. He was lately
coming from Hastings by the coach, when, about ten miles
from this place, a well-dressed gentleman got up, and took
part in conversation with Mr. WOOD and two other gen-
tlemen, who were at the moment speaking of the Waverley
novels. When the name was mentioned of Sir Weerra
Scare, the gentleman inquired who Sir WALTER. was ;
" I have heard," said he, "of Sir David SCOTT, wha
lives at Brightoi. , and is a very good Magistrate, but I
never heard of Sir Walter." Mr. Woon and his com-
panions with difficulty refrained from laughter, and the
gentleman applied himself to a pamphlet which he took
from his pocket ; , but in a short time lifted his e
CO TT , yes frb om
the book, and exclaimed, I know a Captain Sut
I never heard of Sir Walter."—Brighton Paper.
DISTRESSING CIRCIJMSTANCE.—III our
paper of the 30th ult., we recorded the case of JANET Wit..
Lieereoer, servant to a family in this town, who had been
charged, it eppcars, by a neighbouring girl, with abstrac-
ting 6s. 6d., in silver, and threatened with the usual con-
sequences of theft—(a crime of which she is believed to
have been wholly innocent)---end who disappeared in the
reurse of the same day, to the great grief of her relations
'and employer. The poor girl, who had taken the circum-
stance dreadfully to heart, left her household tasks half
onnpleted, and wandered about from morning till night,
no one can tell whither. In the course of the day sL was
repeatedly seen weeping bitterly, and when asked "what
Ailed her," told her humble story with toughing simplicity;
and when further asked "where she was
.geiug," uniformly
;answered with a dejected air, "I cannot tell where I am
wing." Nu tidings of her were discovered until Tuesday
last, when Mr. Petsraex, Moat, observed a female bonnet
sticking amidst a mass of sand and sludge, at a point of the
Nith, on the Troqueer side, pot far from the New Quay,
where the river is banked off, and the spot only occasion-
ally overflowed, during heavy floods exr high spring tides.
-This bonnet belorged to JANET Wiereearspeeand her corpse
was found in an upright posture, embedded in ti,:espongy
soil below. If report may be credited, piercing cries iy,fle
heard at Abe-is-Grove, in the early part of the evening, but
no one came to the sufferer's assistapee, and the sea-bird's
scream or the fitful blast, alone answeiel her dying wail.
Her remains were decently interred on Thirty, and the
feelings of her poor and widowed mother—
be feelingc that
were racked by uncertainty for weeks—may more reedy
conceived than described. We trust that her fate will
proves warning to those who are apt to aeeuse others ou
slight and insufficient grounds. Not many years ago, a
very beautiful girl in this town, who was accused by her
mispess of some trifling act of dishonesty _rightfully or
'wrongfully, we do not know—was so transported by pas-
sion or stung by remise, that she immediately left the
house, ran or rather flew to the very centre of the old
bridge, mounted the parapet, and in broad day light, and
within the view of more than one witness, precipitated I
herself into the raging flood below, and was never more
seen alive. We observe too, in the Aberdeen Journal,
tbi case of an old woman who had been falsely accused of
stealing a sack of meal, and whose mind was so much
'shocked the charge she lust her reason, and re_
• quired to be-placed underrilstraint. On Sunday se'nnight
she became more tranquil,missing sacit:t
o meal calmly expired the folio :r
afterward' w i
evening: The
getisfacterily accounted for.—D-umfr .y
ies CONrier.
