ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

Yesterday the Anniversary of the Society es a -
blished for the Abolition of Slavery in the. British Colodes
was held at the Freemasons' Tavern, where upwards of 900
Ladies and Gentlemen were assembled at twelve o'clock : his
Royal Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER in the (hair.
The SECRETARY read the report of the proceedings )f the
Committee during the last year. It recited the proceedi)gs of
the House of Commons on the subject. It adverted .o the
threat of revolt which had been received from Jamaia and
other Colonies; and said, that since such threats hai been
found ineffectual the tone had been altered ;—indee( such
threats were most ridiculous, but They manifested the spirit
of the Colonies? The Report urged, that public iiscus-
sion of the eilestion was highly beneficial, and °Ott to
be. persevered in. It had been charged, that plots ant con-
spiracies had been entered into by the Slaves, in .vnse-
quence of the rash proceedings of the Society. If pins and
conspiracies had arisen amongst the Slaves, they were pro-
perly to- tie evcitpod,,to rt).w.lnflarnen4fory%prpceedings, and
parochial meetings, of. the Slave -Proprietors tfiern eivrc
But the Society would find that no such alarming steps had
been taken by the Slaves. It was true, indeed, that 12 Slaves.
had been tried and executed at Jamaica. With that exception,
however, there had been but one instance of conspiracy, and
that of a very shallow nature, in Demerara. The Report coin-
pared the moderate conduct of the refractory Slaves with the
merciless and blood thirsty conduct of their Masters when they
regained their power. It alluded to the prosperity of the State
of- Hayti, in St. Domingo, as an answer to all that had been
urged against the further emancipation of Slaves. It went
On with a recital of facts tending to prove the superior bene-
fit of freedom to slave labour. It stated, that the Bounties and
Prohibiting Duties in favour of West India produce. was,
upon the nation, a tax of at least a million and a half per
annum, which tended to—and, in fact, was—the support
of Slavery. The friends of emancipation should, it stated,
exert themselves to procure the abolition of those imposts.
The Public, indeed, had it in their power—by a slight re-
straint on appetite—by the refusal to use Wrest India Sugar,
to put a period to the system. During the last year no amelio-
ration of the Slave Code had taken place in the Colonies. The
Report concluded with announcing, that 120 auxiliary Institi
tutions had arisen throughout, the Country within the last year. 7
The Hon. AGAR ELLis moved, that the Report should be .
adopted and printed, and that the thanks of the Meeting should
be given to the Vice-President and Committee, for the able man-
ner in which they had compiled it.

Mr. STEPHEN rose to second the motion, and was received
with the greatest applause. He alluded, in a powerful man-
ner to.the former gloomy prospect which presented itself to the.
Society, and to the present contrasted anticipation of the humane
part of mankind. One of the
.greatest points achieved was the
interdiction of that no less injurious and opprobrioui system
than the original detestable traffic—The Slave Trade between
the Colonies themselves. If his Majesty's Government had
conceded nothing else, this was a concession of vital import-
ance, as it laid the foundation of other improvements, and as it
prevented the removal from one colony of a slave, whose
condition might have been amended, to another colony, where
he would be placed under worse laws, and in a more rigorous
situation. The friends of emancipation were charged with
having altered their grounds, and asked what they never be-
fore thought of. Mr. Stephen, in answer to this charge, read
the Report of the Proceedings of what was called " The West.
India Committee," on the 14th of December, 179fi. This Com-
mittee, which consisted of the most respectable West India
Proprietors, stated to the body of their constituents, that it was
the intention of Mr. Wilberforce to propose the abolition of the
Slave Trade, and a reform in the condition of the slaves ;
that the projects of the abolition and reform were fraught with
ruin to the property of the slave owners, and that they ought, as
they were likely to be adopted, to be anticipated by the latter,
who would be better able to carry the proposed alterations into
effect, with security to their interests and prosperity. The propo-
sitions of reform made to the Legislative Assembly were, chiefly,
that a moral and Christian education should be given to
slaves, and that their testimony should be admissible in
Courts of Justice. These propositions were backed by recom-
mendations from Parliament, and the highest authorities. In
consequence of the West India Proprietors having taken the
subject, as it were, out of the hands of the friends of emanci-
pation, the latter desisted from pressing their projects of reform.
Yet what was the effect of thus surrendering the cause into the
hands of the West India Proprietors themselves ? He would
ask them to look at the condition of their slaves now, after
twenty-seven years had elapsed. The existence of all those
barbarous laws which trammelled their condition had been
made notorious to the country in the late discussions in Par-
liament, it was then shewn that the evidence of slayes was still
inadmissible to obtain justice against a proprietor, while it was
admitted as sufficient evidence on which to condemn a Christian
Pastor to death, on statements the most absurd and improbable
that ever were found in the tales of romance.--(Applause.)—
The evidence of a slave was admissible, although he was swear-
ing for his own life, and under the influence of terror, which
in this country would have disqualified the most intelligent
and upright member of the community, if he came forward as
a witness. With respect to education, to this ddy no provision
whatever had been made by the slave proprietors ; and what was
the treatment which was received by those Missionaries, who
went forward to give a moral and religious education to the
slaves ? They were subjected to the martial law, and hunted
down as the promoters of rebellion, bloodshed, and murder.—
He concluded by an eloquent appeal to the Society to persevere,
until the great national crime, the existence of slavery in these
Colonies, was wiped away.—(Loud cheers.)
The motion was carried unanimously.

The Hon. BAPTIST NOEL moved a resolution, expressive
of the determination of the Society to pursue their great objects
with unabated perseverance. .

Mr. TRosta.s MACAULEY, jun. seconded the motion, in an
excellent speech, on the present state of slavery and society in
the Colonies. Ile commented on the proceedings on the trial
of Mr. Smith, whose Judges, he said, would live in history,
and be classed with the names of the Judges of Ridley and
Latimer.—(Loud applause.)—He solicited this Society to re-
double their exertions, and to consider every obstacle as an in-
citement to additional exertions. They might expect ridicule,
misrepresentation, and calumny—they were prepared to meet
and to despise them.—(Continued applause)—They resembled
the Hero of Tasso, when he lifted the sword-to dissolve the en-
chantment of the forest. The sky was darkened, a storm arose
against him, horrid noises assailed his ears, horrid shapes arose
around to menace him, and the earth shook underneath him ;
but the blow was given, the spell was dissolved, the sky
brightened, the demons fled howling from the place which
they could no longer pollute, and health and serenity again
prevailed.—(Loud applause.)
The motion was carried by acclamation.
Lord CALTIIORPE congratulated the Meeting on the power
which they had gained to their cause by the
.eloquence of the
young Advocate. The Noble Lord commented, with much
force, upon the case of Mr. Smith, and the proceedings which
had arisen upon it in the House of Commons; and concluded
by moving a Resolution, expressive of the concern and abhor-
rence which the Meeting felt at the recent proceedings in De-
merara, and their sympathy at the condition of the widow of
Mr. Smith. The Resolution also expressed their thanks to
Mr. Brougham, and other Members of the House of Com-
mons, for the able manner in which they had vindicated the
conduct of this unfortunate Minister of the Gospel.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Moncey, seconded the motion, and ex-
pressed his hope, that the public would not confine them=
selves merely to an expression of sympathy at the condition
of the widow, but that they would exert their charity towards
her and her fatherless children. Mrs. Smith's advocates in the
House of Commons had entitled themselves not only to the
gratitude of their country, but to a still higher reward.—
(Cheers.)
Dr. LustifsibTosi returned thanks, and said, that it Was
his firm opinion, that it was for the abolition of slavery
that they must look. It was his firm conviction, from long
attention, that no project of amelioration, that had not
abolition for its object, could be effectual. He did not
believe it to be given by God to man to form a code of
slavery. flow were they, in such a code, to regulate
the relation of brother and sister, when the one was in slavery
and the other free ? How were they to prevent those number-
less violations of decency and virtue, that had ever been, and
still would he, the effect of slavery? flow could they expect any
code of laws to be obeyed by those who were deprived of all in-
citements to virtue by the loss of hope, and the degradation to
which they were subjected. He well recollected some expressions
of Lord i'enville,who,in answer to the assertion that agreat nom.
ber of th eIV est I ndia Proprietors were gentlemen whose h umanity
might be trusted,said, I would not trust myself in similar circum-

stances.:.Thehuman mind is so framed as td be contathln`ated
by the frequent repetition of cruelty in our presence. . The sense
of the abhorrence we .ought-to' entertain is weakened on each
occasion; and at ' length destrOyed. They ought to urge, *that
emancipation should be prepared :for with the greatest speed ;
and never to lose sight of the principle,. that a state of Slayery
was a thing which could 'not be enured."—(Applause.)—
He 'held in his hand a notice for a Vote of"Tnanks to ari indi-
vidual, whose name had- only to be mentioned to ensure its
reception. It was to the Rey.. Mr, Austin, of Perperp.ra.—
tCheers.)—Whether they looked at him as connected with the
Colony, or with the Constituted Government, his conduct 'was
equally admirable. He dared the angor of the Planter,. al-
though lie saw there was no injustice they were not ready to
commit. He dar&l the anger of 'the Authorities, although he
had every thing to fear from their power.' And was alwayS
found by the side of Mr. Smith, as his comforter, eider,' and
assister to the last mOnient.—(Cheers.)—His conduct would
place him aloft in the annals of heroic virtue. If he should be
driven from his houie and home, England will receive him with
open arms.

After it few-observations from Mr. J. SkiTn and Mr. Wit.,
k. at-6 Oct, thanks were voted to the Chairman, and the Meet-
ing adjourned.

THE BAPTIST SOCIETY' FOR PROMOTING THE

GOSPEL IN IRELAND

This Society held its- tenth anniversary yester-
day,at the City of London Tavern, Bishopsfrate-street ; and '
although the Chair was taken so early as seven o'clock in the
morning, there was a very large assemblage of- respectable per-
seas; the majority of whom were females ; and soon after the
business had commenced the company had increased to several •
hundreds.

JOSEPH BUTTERWORTH, Esq., took the Chair, and after
a prayer had been Wiered up by a Reverend Gentleman (we
believe Mr. James he (Mr. Joseph Butterworth) opened the
business of the day, by calling upon their worthy Secretary to
read the Report of the proceedings of the Committee during the
past year. _ _ _

The Rev. I. IvnuEv 'then read the Peport. It stated, that
during the past year the Society, through their agents, had gra-
tuitously supplied the Irish with 500 Bibles and 2,000 Testaments •
in the Irish and English languages. The number of the day-
schools was 95, situate, with a few exceptions, in the pro-
vinces of Connaught and Munster; 15 of these were exclu. •
-sively for females. There were also 14 evening schools, prin-
cipally for adults, besides some Sunday schools. The number
of children amounted to upwards of 8,000 ; these chiefly be-
longed to Roman Catholic parents. It had required 3,000
copies of the first spelling-book, and two thousand five hundred
of the second.), to supply the wants of these schools. They were
printed for the Society in Ireland, and gratuitously distributed.
The estimation in which the schools were held by the resident
gentry might be judged of from the circumstance that during the
past year, in Connaught alone, upwards of 1201. had been con-
tributed towards the funds of the Institution ; anti the pecu-
niary assistance afforded by persons in Ireland had increased
every year. The Report concluded by saying, that it was
surely not too much to expect, out of the 40,000 children, besides
adults, who had been taught to read the Scriptures, many had
become honest and good Christians ; and the Committee felt
confident that, so far as the labours of the Society had .been
extended, the temporal and spiritßal welfare of the peasantry
of Ireland had been the gratifying result.
The TREASURER then read the accounts, by which it ap.
peared.a debt of 5001. had been discharged since the last year,
and that the funds were in a flattering state.
The Rev. Mr. EvANSON moved, that the Report be adopted
and circulated at the discretion of the Committee.

The Rev. Mr.-MOROAN seconded the resolution, which was
unanimously adopted.
The Rev. Mr. ANDERSON moved, that the Meeting was
convinced, by the.experience of every year, that no means was
so well calculated to benefit the population of Ireland, espe-
cially those adults who were able to read, and who could speak
only the Irish language, as the employment of Irish Scripture
readers, and whilst it rejoiced that the Divine Blessing had
already attended the labours of those who were thus engaged,
recommended that that mode of disseminating religious know-
ledge should be still more extensively employed, not doubtifig
but the liberality of the Christian public would readily meet
any increased expenditure.

J. S. Tmoti, Esq. of the Middle Temple, seconded the
Resolution, which was put and carrried unanimously.
J. E. BICHENO, Esq. moved the ti,anks of the meeting to
the Treasurer and Secretaries.

Mr. BURLS, the Treasurer, returned thanks.
The Rev..). IVI3IEV, one of the Secretaries, also returned
thanks.

The Rev. Mr. SAFFERX moved the thanks of the Meeting
to the Committee.
The Rev. 3lr. JAmEs seconded the motion.

. .
The Rev. Mr. KEEN moved the thanks of the Meeting to
those whose exertions had enabled the Society to effect the
pleasing change in the state of their finances, which had been
that day announced.
The Rev. Mr. BlaT seconded the motion.

The Rev. F. A. Cox moved the thanks of the Meeting to
the Chairman, which was seconded by Mr.'W. Bußt:s.

•
The C4AIRIUAN made his acknowledgments, and the Meet-
ing broke up.
The collections made at the doors were very considerable.'

ALARMING INUNDATION.

'From the Chelmsford Chronicle, June 244
The inhabitants of the lower parts of this town
in the more immediate vicinity of the rivers, are in a state of the
greatest consternation for the safety of their property. A flood
has come on since 9 o'clock this morning, which has risen to such
a height, that a parallel can scarce he found on record since the
destruction of the world. The rapidity of the stream through
the bridge is unprecedented, and the riing of the water so un-
expected, that the destruction of property to a large amount,
iry our vicinity alone, must be the consequence. From Mr.
Knight's, the grocer, whose cellars are full of water ; to those
of Mr. Myers, the pawnbroker, the water issues from the
doors, passages, and gateways, in streams scarcely to be with.
stood, and is several feet deep upon the ground floor ; the
same lamentable scene presents- itself from the other side
the bridge, to Mr. Andrews', grocer, Moulshatn : this is the
state of persons on both sides of the way -, the cellars, where
there are any, being also filled. Mr. Clapham, the tanner,
will suffer a great loss ; at Friars, the residence o'f J. 0. Par-
ker, Esq. the water runs with a strong current from the par-
lour windows; 'and whilst we are writing this but faint detail
of the scene, the waters are still rising. Those who had grass
in the vicinity which was severed (and Mr. TraYener, we he-
lieve, is one of the sufferers), will see it no moire: it was pain_
full indeed to. some to witness the cocks of grass anti hay,'
buildings and fences, floating upon the face of the waters ; but
we do not all feel alive, as it produced' from others loud accla-
mations. The only means of passing from the end of the Mid-
dle-row to the top of Moulsham is by carriages and carts, which
are plying with passengers continually. At the early part of
the day, attempts were made to stem the current, and prevent
persens imprudently shut their
its entering the town, and some
gates; this only added to the disasters of themselves and others,
as the darns were soon forced.. We forbear to enter into any
detail of our fears, or reports, respecting the crops of corn,
which are said to be laid flat with the ground. The rain
continues to fall; consolations, however, we have to offer,
—we have not heard of the loss of any lives; the Weather-
glass just now rises, whiCh we are wiling to construe, as our
wishes lead us, that fine weather is not far distant, which, 'with
the incursions of the waters
ast aenekdne
navodi
ter wwaiintit)gans gt
aten h of(eii
nmt hg motley
rheatnl
brisk winds, we hope will shortly enable the crops to resume
their natural positions.. - •
Psfrsoiriltuaitihoen will now
their upper
a. smile ,
Six o'Clock.— The waters have begun to recede. There are
now twenty carts employed; all ranks of persons are seek to
•
upper WindoWs ;
through at least one hundred houses, the,inniates of which are
and then escape them.
,At present the Rjver Chelrner has not
caused any particular inconvenience to-' thiec inhabitants of
Springfield, but it is not quite certain thatethe danger is past.
hundred
vtayi e w
able

,
A COURT of ALDERMEN . was held yesterday,
when the Act recendY passed for the reductioh ofinterest'on the
Coal Market and Navigation. Bonds were taken into considera-
tion, and the Court directed the notices to be given, conforma-
bly thereto, of their intention to pay off the principal monies
borrowed and charged upon the duties and tolls created by the
original Acts of Parliament.
