HOUSE OF LORDS, Juzy 29.

The Bishop of LONDON presented petitions from Co-
ventry for the abolition of slavery ; from the diocese of
Lichfield and Coventry against the Irish Church Bill ;
and from Salop on the subject of the Tithe Composition
Bill, and praying their Lordships to reject that provision
by which the value of tithes is to be estimated by the
average of the last seven years.
Some discussion took place between the Duke of
BUCCLEUCH, Lord ROSSLYN, and others, on the second
reading being moved of a Bill for uniting several parishes
in the counties of Clackmagnan and Ross, which, in con-
sequence, was referred to a Committee.
Mr. CHARLES GRANT and others brought up the East
India Charter Bill, the Irish and Scotch Vagrant Bill, and
some private Bills.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY complained that
certain papers he had moved for a fortnight since, con-
nected with the foreign policy of this country, had not
yet been laid upon the table. These papers he had in-
tended to use in making a motion of which he had given
notice for tomorrow.
Earl GREY said a few words across the table to the
Noble Marquis, which were inaudible in the gallery.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from St.
Mary's, Lambeth, in favour of the Dramatic Representations
Bill.

The Earl of GLENGALL said that that measure made
a direct attack upon the prerogative of the Crown, and
directly violated many sacred rights.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE said that he heard
that the Bill did no such thing.
The Duke of NEWCASTLE presented a petition from
Sir H. Lees against the Irish Church Bill, couched in his
usual violent strain of invective, and praying their Lord-
ships to reject it on the third reading. Also one to the
same effect from a place in England.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE presented a petition,
signed by upwards of 100 inhabitants of London, in favour
of the Dram ttic Performances Bill.

The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition
from the ship tradesmen of the Thames against the East
India Bill. The Noble Duke said the arrangement, if
carried into Effect, would take from the City a capital of
forty millions, which usually had been employed in that
trade, and it would totally destroy the trade of the peti•
tioners. _ _ _

On the motion of Lord ELLENBOROUGH, a copy of
the correspondence between the East India Company and
the Board of Commissioners relative to the cessation of
trade, was ordered to be laid on the table.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE wished to know what powers
were to be given to the Commissioners who were ap-
pointed to inquire into municipal corporations. Unless
they were much restricted, their inquiries might be very
prejudicial to the interests of corporations who were dis-
puting their titles to estates.
Tne LORD CHANCELLOR said the best way of
answering the question would be to produce the commis-
sion itself. Ile would only then say that every Corpora-
tion had some legal adviser, who would tell them what
titles they were bound to produce, and what not. They
were well enough protected by the law at present.
