" Thus, for instance : when he wanted to rouse
the national taste for crusades, he wrote to Paris,
that he had just sent Citizen Arnaud to Ithaca and
Corcyra, to plant the erriscoloured Flag on the
ruins of the Palace of Ulysses ; and it may be re-
membered, That the Ex.bishop of Autun, to whom
he addressed this dispatch, conemunicated it to the
admiring Parisians, with congratulations, that the
heroic ages were effaced from the annals of fame,
and that the fabulous ages had become their own
. history. Shortly after, to draw them into a distant
expedition, Bonaparte calls them the Great Na-
tion ; and immediately the Great/Nation over-runs
Egypt. Again, before he lands, this new St. Louis,
knowing that the very name of Christian may,
in his projcEted incursions into Asia, preclude
him from running the' career of Gengisklian, has his
profession of faith ready, and immediately
claims the merit of having destroyed in Europe the
enemies of Islamism, and thrown down the Cross.
Nations-of Egypt, says heo on his arrival, I resped,
more than the Mamelukes, God, • his 2rophet, and
the Koran. He soon perceives, however, that the
Egyptians are distrustful of his Islamism, and prefer
to his the yoke of their Mameluke Legion of Ho-
nour : but having already discovered that supersti-
tion forms the basis and generic character of both
the governors and the governed, instead of any
' longer professing his resped for Mahomet, he as-
sumes the, Prophet himself. Since the world is the
world, it was written that I should come from the
extremity of the West to fulfil the task that is imposed
on me. I might call every one of you to an-account
for the most secret thoughts of his heart ; for I know
all, even what you have not spoken to any one.—
But the day will `come, when all the world will
clearly- see, that I am condoned by orders from
above, and that all human efforts are unavailing
against me. It is well for you to know, that all I
undertake must succeed. Too wise, however, to
persist in his desperate enterprize, no sooner does
he see the fatal crisis approaching (these are the
very expressions of Kleber, when complaining of
a precipitate departure, which, left him all the re-
sponsibility of that ,crisis), than he secretly returns
to Europe. But to prevent his companions in arms,
whom he has left behind, from sinking under the
discouragement with which' he had just been seized
himself, his first care is.to write to them, that the
day When they shall return victorious to the sacred
land, will he a day of joy and of glory for the whole
Nation ! Soon after this, the English Fleet takes
them prisoners, and brings them back to him. No
matter, he considers his prediaion accomplished,
and evert reminds them of it, at the same time thank.
ing them for having legit in Egypt immortal re-
membrances, and congratulating them that they re-
turn to the sacred land with the glory due to four
years of labour and of bravery. As to General
Menou, to console him for his defeat, he takes him
aside, and acknowledges with hid], that the fate of
battle is -uncertain. When word is brought him at
St. Cloud that the Council of Five Hundred are re.
newing their oath to the Constitution of the year
111, and that this oath is restoring to them their.
lost courage, he presents himself in the midst of
them, and exclaims, Remember that I always march
accompanied by the. God of War and the God of
Fortune. He speaks, the Council of Five. Hundred
disperse, all the Republicans believe him, and sub-
mit. The Royalists, however, and the Priests of
La Vendee, still resist ; but in order to embroil
them with England, the very man Who in Turkey
had made a merit of having destroyed the Cross and
the Pope, does not hesitate to denonnce the English
as wicked heretics. Again, at the opening of the
campaign of I 800, -wishing to induce the Conscripts
to resort in mass to Dijon, and assemble beneath his tic)"
banners, he accomplishes his purpose by assuring lEN Professional Men of Etialessrs'leisa-
them, that the effort he asks of them will be unne- WResponsibility deviate from the general :00; -
the sele6tion of a peculiar branch, the sanettev sit°
cessary, if they appear but ready to make it. Is it ttnued success is the best criterion of superioritY• of
important to him to bring back the Captain-General Eight years have I devoted pay praetice to tI 1 re6l
Toussaint to the bosom of the Re üblic or is he
treatment of Three DiSorders and thesuccessTo AS
p,
my plan gives me additional ardor to oppose, a' Elie
apprehensive lest his remorse for what the Planters able, the ravages ' t 5001!
call the usurpation of that Negro, should drive him important' in the CattaltohouseeoCf9iiinu-i)ni
to ads of desperation ? The man of the 18th of Bru. After initiation into gevery Branc;ll, as an .Arf„Yres`-'',ettlt4
Iformed a wish at an early period of V raelice
maire thinks himself better qualified than any one dividuals. from the ignorance of uneducated. Pl, ,oers,
to apply the sponge of absolution. He writes to equally dangerous precipitancy of general rOl6lllll` ho.ese-
him, that it is by his talents, and by the force of . The Three Disorders, to the Cure of whir l' nt- I",4li-
ies
circumstances, that he is the first man of his colour votedßx
Lmiri\rFttilosiTlhcNoms!7!,rilisztiler veorly a fr 0,401-
who has arrived at so high a degree of power in. Sr. ration: idly, All kinds of debility,
Domingo, and holds there the first command. But the habitis ol f school-boys, pr the indoltl,o4
vo,eteir.cas of
he does not stop here ; for knowing that Toussaint' mag,een: which
sasctalyie,d aAt
IttirEaiNigtmesnst ootr
ri
has the name of the Deit constantly in his mouth, Numerous Diseases are the result ignfatd )I`)„te.l
y
in the treatment of a simple Gonorrltce,..
•.! are voitA:'-'3oo'
he thanks him above all for having again ,brought frequently happens that the seeds of a stiiier'.._qPel
into honour Religion, and the worship of that God the indisZretion of an unguarded hour.--'; even''-ler
from every thing emanates. Knowing also that this tisoa such Complahirs are easily cured; arlcli's'a' ir-te ip
`others have failed,. I trust that 1 may V- ;refs
African is bound, by all thaois most dear to mans tolls, .
radical re-establishment.
thiFsew,
prevent the Negroes from being again brought on_
der the yoke of slavery, from- which France herself ticatesui..latiortoe
disorder, crimpared -with theincaalasmoitiotaursy • st..itoe
howev,r, are the casts of covrni?
had emancipated them, he writes to him, You desire pMreenv;le"nhtog, atiretTels aO'f iantis4t;iToltneabie 1 i fe, acq r
cc of
;tic
their .liberty ; you know, that in all Countries of Debility, 'which is the tzlia
where we have been, we have given it to Nations Pernicious habits.
;n fierer broods over his 4,0'4
that possessed it not. Whatever be the origin and ear, Ire); tconceals
a p p ys
iobriurie, it may be
- art `•c s.,
the colour of the Inhabitants of St. Domingo, they lation for hint to knoW, that ald,iough beitrc,r, the
doubt or uncertainty with other I„raetitt,
are all Frenchmen, all free before God and before the
of these Deficiencies by the gracmal pro,, es t toc.
E,r.perience.s,„3oly
Republic. Observe, however, that' the very same tion, 'is the acquirement of my
week in which he signed his dispatch top acify the Laechus or Venus havif. bega,n
voidable consequeric
rot
tti
uccaerilvi c
lulu,
ty
Blacks of Sr. Domingo, he endeavoured to quiet the
ll
alarms of the Whites of Martinico, and of the Isles tonicutte will occur. . a
bid SctaPtere;"lci" ntt t caYscs'
s
ex! • , -
lionr uc lt
of anxietyth.ia
swud
of France and Reunion, by declaring to them, that s for elrsto„tiol',ed
,re the-Cons.1.10011; .0
they no longer had cause to fear that the Mother rrse.
ermg Sparks of Life arid to re-annn, deat it„o
u tv
e‘,Nrahnecree fipcei:eit;acoyi hay
been
Country would establish the slavery of the Whites, ED WO,AEN, who have
in their expeciatii. los 0: a maly ot-v
by giving `liberty to the Blacks. Observe •l a SO,
mast ingtin,,s such defects are curah.e. b,. Nc'w.„ier. A 71,0,
that he was at this very time silently preparii 0. the The secresy. which is --
es to s
projet of a law, which, the better to enable those andsl the-qu'
alstisstions which
Principles to triumph which began the Revolution, ttittuessiiestro,tsat
~?17
is
re,
itle,,rirs, rtalsi
• • &,,enttai to ntY
at 11r. there may Xre),:•
.tpr•
has reestablished the Slave Trade ; that is to say,
house, personally,r. or 2 byA
the buying and selling those wretched Africans, who
to•
"'
are all free before God and before the Republic. At • - • -th the doors. surg
adjoining, anti the Name IS on nc,
11,4_ of
horn,.
does he wish again to 'attach the Roayalists to Martin tirec„ Member of the l(w/at c
ruLneatetei rltr(ci:-I,r,tct,lo,;stinragmai,smx4:lll,.
Th--e is an addition.ll Entrance I

Iblishvd by W:l,-..tAm ARMIOIR SCRIPPS/ (of South Molton -st reet, G resvencr-stio3re);
:he Paper, Let,,cri ior the Edaar, ecc. (pm.paid), addrcsicci,
