SCOTCH ➢IARKETS.

Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans.— Oatmeal
--------- -- --- ---
Aberdeen 57 to 6C 26 to 27 20 to 21 —to 35 to 37
gerwick 47 53 21 25 19 21 21 34 li7 39
Coldstroam
Cupar (Fife -
Dundee .........
Elgin
Inverness
Kelso .
Kirkaldy . -
Perth ....... .. . 50 56 23 26 00 22 22 25 --
4;', Tho sit. of the measure varies throughout the country.
lIADDINGPON CORN MARKET.—July 23:
Wheat. Barley. Oats. 1 Pease. Beans. First .. . ......t0; Od 42s Od 29, 34 47s Od 46s 03
Second I 71s 0,1 3,5 s tid 29, Od 434 0,1 45 Oa
Third Gis 03 28s 04.1 27s 04 I—sOal —s Od
A vorage l/ Its. it. 5.12t1 s.
DA ',KEITH CORN MARKET.—July 23.
1 Wheat. Barley. 1 Oats. lease. Beans.
First...... 76s 03 40s Oit 30s 8.1 44s 0.1 44. 03
Second...... 73, 01 365 03 27s Id 42. 01 41.. 01
Third. ..... Gss 03 I 32: 3d 24s Od 354 01 36 01

HOP INTELLIGENCE.—At Gottiust, Sandhurst,
and Benenden, the hops have not made much improvement during the
last week. The cold nights have checked their progress. Some of the
young and strong grounds are looking healthy, but the weakly ones are
not so well Gazette.

Arrang merits were made in the course of yesterday in
this town to celebrate the Emancipation of the Negroes in
the East Indian Colonies in the most appropriate and
joyous mariner. It was arranged that the business of the
day should commence with laying the foundation stone of
new and extensive Schools for the moral and religious in-
struction of the children of the town, a ceremony which
Joseph Sturge, Esq. kindly consented to perform, and that
the evening should close with a meeting of the friends of
Negro Emancipation in the Town Hall, for which purpose
letters of invitation had been sent to many of the most in-
fluential and distinguished advocates of the cause.
At half-past ten o'clock the children of the Cannon Street
Bond Street, Graham Street, Newhall Street, and Lom-
bard Street Sunday Schools, to the amount of 3,000, and
the children of the Severn Street, and Anne Street, Lan-
casterian Schools, amounting to about 500, assembledin the
Town Hall, being marshalled by their respective teachers.
Their appearance was extremely neat and healthy, and the
whole scene was one highly creditable to the philanthropy
and liberality of the people of Birmingham. The side and
organ galleries were filled with the respectable inhabitants
of the town, who appeared to take much interest in the
proceedings.
The proceedings commenced by the children singing the
first hymn, " Behold the glories of the Lamb," after which
the Rev. Mr. Swan engaged in appropriate prayer. Then
followed the hymn " On the mountain's top appearing."
The effect of the voices of several thousand children raised
in harmony to the praise of their Creator was sublime and
impressive in the highest degree. At the conclusion of the
second hymn.
Mr. JOHN SCOBEL came forward, and was received
with much cheering. He congratulated the numerous au-
ditory of his young friends upon meeting them in that mag-
nificent Hall upon so joyous and interesting an occasion.
Yesterday he felt that the slaves were in fetters, but on
that glorious day their manacles were broken, and they
stood forth as freemen.—(Great cheering.) Yesterday his
fellow Christians and fellow men, to the number of many
thousands, were held the property of his fellow man, to-
day they were their own property—husbands could em-
brace their wives as their own property, and slavery,
with all its .gloomy and revolting features, was at an
end he trusted for ever.—(Loud and continued cheering.)
They had manumitted the slave-owner that day as well as
the slave himself.—(Hear, hear.) He had no doubt that
ere a lengthened period had elapsed they would find
these very men who had hitherto withstood all their exer-
tions, combining with them to put an end to slavery where-
ever it existed, cursing men, and withering and blasting the
best energies of their nature.—(Cheers.) He had the
happiness to tell them the West Indians were now pro-
ferring them their assistance to put down the infamous slave-
trade, which desolated and degraded One of the fairest por-
tions of the world, he meant Africa.—(Hear.)He wished to
instruct the children that morning in the melancholy and
distressing fact that there were annually torn from Africa
to fill up the slave market in the new world—that there
were annually sacrificed to Mammon and Moloch no less
than one hundred and 50,000 human beings. Parents were
torn from their children, husbands from their
wives, and the natives of Africa from that home
which was endeared to them by a thousand delightful re-
collections—( Hear, hear,)—so that they would perceive, al-
though they had accomplished the manumission of many
of the British colonies, yet they still owed a great debt of
justice to Africa, nor would they rest satisfied until they
had broken up every slave market throughout- the world—
(Cheers)—until the glad time would arrive when all men
would recognise all men as brethren, and when' no slavery
existed to oppress or distress them from one end of the
world to the other. He would not detain them by any
lengthened observations ; he was delighted to meet them
under such interesting and novel circumstances, and he
trusted that the remembrance of that day would be re-
tained by them till the latest period of their existence.
While they rejoiced in their unnumbered privileges, he
hoped they would be anxious that. every son and daughter
of Adam should be partakers of them—liberty of person,
liberty of conscience, and all the blessings and advantages
whiel, Christi:in instruction could afford.—( Great
cheering.)
The Rev. Mr. SWAN then addressed the meeting. He
rejoiced with all his heart at the glorious occasion that
assembled so many thousands of responsible immortals
of the town of E!riningham that di}'. He rejoiced at the
presence of their excellent frierid, John Seoble,• who had
risked his life in the great cause, committing himself to the
winds and waves that he might see with his own eyes and
hear with his own ears those miseries which they all de-
plored, and he was satisfied that they all sympathised with
him in his emotions in reference to their beloved sable
friends in the West who had been liberated that day.—
(Cheers.) They had been duped, and chagrined, and
mortified when four years ago they had assembled in that
town and sang the song of freedom, which they imagined
had been obtained ; but such was not the case. They had
been duped and swindled out of twenty millions of money,
and the cruelties of the West Indian oppressors were as
fierce and unrelenting as ever.—( Hear, hear, bear.)
How delightful was the change which they hat day
contemplated—not only were the unhappy negroes
emancipated, but the slave holders were set at liberty. God
grant that they might arrive at the knowledge of His holy
name, that they might come to the feet of Jesus and learn
those lessons of wisdom and benevolence which lie alone
could impart.—( Hear.) They were aware of the labours
and exertions of their friend, Joseph Sturge.—(Cheers.)
God had put it into his head that lie might visit Jamaica,
and introduce the light of that freedom which the negro
now enjoyed. Should they not offer their thanksgivings to
God who had called him and his coadjutors, to the glorious
works, the result of which they were that day met to cele-
brate. Who, he would ask them, had brought about the
happy consummation? He would say that it was, under
God, to Joseph Sturge, the friend of freedom—(Great
cheering)—to John Scoble their able friend—(Renewed
cheering)—and to Geo. Thompson, who had risked his life
in America, that he might there blow the trump of freedom
and liberate hundreds of thousands, he might say even mil-
lions of that professing but guilty continent.—( Hear and
cheers.) Next to these the noble minded people of Eng-
land had brought about this consummation—(Much cheer-
ing)—and, under God, be would say, that the men of Bir-
mingham had led the way. The Ministers had robbed the
Crown of their young Queen Victoria of its brightest jewel,
in denying- to her the gratification of having signed the
manumission of the negroes. He would conclude by ex-
pressing a hope that the thousands who had that day been
emancipated from bondage would acquire also that immor-
tal liberty which was only to be obtained through a know-
ledge of their Redeemer.—(Cheers.)
Mr. STURGE then presented himself to the meeting, an d
was loudly cheered. He had been called upon quite un-
expectedly, and hardly knew how to address his young
friends. When he visited the island of Jamaica, the liberty
of whose inhabitants they were now met partly to celebrate,
nothing had afforded him more pleasure than the anxiety
evinced by the children of the negroes to acquire moral
and religious instruction, and to obtain all the information
in their power. The expression of their sympathy, would
encourage these children to persevere still more. One of
their missionaries, the Rev. Thomas Berkshaw, opened a
school in Jamaica, and such was the desire of the children
to obtain instruction, that 3,000 or 4,000 assembled on
the Saturday, the negroes holiday, many of them having
travelled a number of miles for that purpose.—(Hear,
hear, and cheers.) He trusted that the example of the
negro children would not be lost upon those around him,
but that it would stimulate them to take advantage of the
privileges they enjoyed of obtaining a sound religious edu-
cation.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Doctor HOBY then addressed the meeting.
He would remind them, that while they were asse:abled
in that Hall, the sun of freedom was only just rising in
the heavens, over the West India islands, and, perhaps,
at that very moment those who now felt themselves free
were hailing the blessed light of that luminary which con-
ferred liberty on themselves and their children.—(Great
cheering.) Among those who had exerted themselves for
the liberation of the negro, he would mention the name of
one as young as themselves, he meant William Knibb.—
(Hear, hear.) In the midst of his father's congregation
that dear boy was looked up to by the negroes as their best
friend.—(Cheers.) He might be looked upon as a martyr
to freedom ; for at the early age of twelve years he died;
after having devoted himself to the spiritual as well as tem-
poral advancement of the negroes. After relating some
very affecting anecdotes of William Knibb, the Reverend
Gentleman concluded by congratulating the children pre-
sent upon the gratification they must feel at having been
present at so interesting a ceremony as that which they
were about to assist at, of laying the first stone of a school
to commemorate the emancipation of the negroes.
After another hymn of thanksgiving had been sung, the
refreshments provided for the children, consisting of bread,
beef and ham, in great abundance, were banded round by

Sir E. WILmoT, on taking the chair, said he felt that
the expression of their feelings, on the present occasion,
were not offered to him personally, but to the holy, sacred,
and, he might now add, triumphant cause which they had
met to celebrate.—(Cheers.) Ile called it holy and sa-
cred, because nothing could be more so than that of de-
livering their fellow-creatures from bondage ; and triumph-
ant, because, although frequently defeated in Parliament
in forcing the slave-owners to confer freedom, yet public
opinion had penetrated further than the law could
reach, and in conjunction with other circumstances
they had the satisfaction of removing the fetters from the
slaves—fetters originally forged by oppression and rivetted
by avarice.—(Cheers.) It was the people of Birmingham,
in conjunction Kith thousands and tens of thousands of
her Majesty's subjects, who had broken the bonds from the
slaves and cast the cords from them.—(Hear.) They had
done every thing in their power by the expression of
public opinion to put an end to the iniquitous traffic which
had so lung disgraced the British name and character.
The slave owners and legislators of the West Indian
Colonies were now coming forward, almost universally, de-
termined to abolish the apprenticeship laws on the day on
which they were now assembled. On that day the sun
for the first time rose for them cloudless ,-giving them what
gave
it never before—light, warmth, and hope.—(Cheers.)
They had met for two objects—one was to congragulate
themselves on the final close of the apprenticeship system of
slavery throughout the British dominions ; but they had
another and more important object which was to see that
that emancipation was real and true freedom—(Hear,
hear)—not freedom under the mask of slavery—not that
freedom by which one man having equal rights with an-
other should be oppressed by unequal laws, but real true
liberty, so that be may be able to take his place as a citizen
of the place where he lives, and so that the man born a
slave may enjoy the same privileges as the man born free.
---(Loud cheers.) That was the great object of the
Meeting. He was not the advocate of liberty in its en-
larged and too extensive sense—he did not mean the li-
berty of savage and uncivilized life, but that liberty which
must be limited to be enjoyed, and which, like every other
blessing, may be defeated by its abuse.—( Hear, hear.)
Ho would not detain them longer as they would be ad-
dressed by gentlemen far superior to himself in eloquence,
and who were, he regretted to say, better acquainted with
the subject. They had among them a gentleman, a
resident of their town, whose name would excite their
unbounded enthusiasm—he meant Joseph Sturge—( Vehe-
ment cheering.) That gentleman had visited the West
Indies at great personal risk, and had examined their pri-
sons, workhouses, and gaols, and had told them on his
return, from authority that could not be contested, of
atrocities that could be no longer tolerated. He would
conclude by assuring them that he would on all occasions
devote 'his best energies to promote the objects they had
in view.—(Great cheering.)
Mr. W.M. NIORGAN then read letters from the Marquis
of
Sir Charles Style, M.P. ; Mr. Collins,
M.P.i.
; Mr. Thorneley, M.P. ; Mr.
Winnington, M.P. ; Captain
CGI
vvr
Marr.d
Villiers,
;
w Pease,
jnnn
M.Y.
;s
n ~ ;
M.P.
,;
Colonel Salwey, M.P. ; Joseph
Mr. Finch, M.P. ; Mr. Smith O'Brien,
M.P. ; and Mr. Thomas Attwood, M.P. There were
also letters from the Hon. Cecil Forester, M.P. ; Mr.
spencer de Horsey, M.P. ; Sir George Strickland, M.P, ;
Lord Marcus Hill, M.P. ; and Mr. A. White, M.P.
all concurring in the object of the meeting, and regretting
their inability to attend. The following letter from Lord
Brougham was then read :—..

London, July 30, 1838.
Sir,--I am exceedingly
_happy to fthd from our worthy

friend, J. Sturg, that yen are about to hold a meeting in Bir-
mingham on SI very, and I trust slave.trzd will not be
forgotten.
There is an absolnte neceeEsity, in my very Jevided upirrion,
that all t:le friends of the cause who do not feel disposed to be
satisfied with a name, shoal(' persevere in those exertions by
which our late great victory has b, en won—exertions oppowd
by all the influence of Governmt,rt at 'home, and all the force
of i rejudice and supposed interest in the colonies. Withow
this continued watchfulness, I much fear emancipation may
prove little better that a name.
Suffer me further to remind you how much the hands of Go-
vernment will be strengthened by an expression of the uni-
versally existing public opinion upon the infernal slave-traffic.
I mean strengthened in the measures which I trust are about
to be adopted for obtaining the extinction of that system of
rapine and murder now patronized by Portugal and Spain.
It is shameful that other nations which have absorbed this
trade should permit two of the most insignificant nations in
Europe stiil to outrage humanity by such wholesale piracy.
The people of this country feel as one man upon the sul-joct,
and they h.ve but to express what they feel to extirpate the
abomination in an instant.

Wishing all success to your meeting,
I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient meeting,,
BROUGHAM.

Sir E. Wilmot, Bart., NI. P.
REV. XII. RILAND then read the report of the Anti-
slavery Committee, and move its adoption.
JOSHUA SCIIOLPIELD, Esq., M.P., came forward amidst
great cheering to second the motion. The gentlemen by
whom the Report liad been prepared were deserving of
their respect and consideration. As there were many dis-
tinguished and eloquent gentlemen to address them, he
would not detain them longer, but move the adoption of
the Report.
JOSEPH STIIRGE then came forward, and was greeted
with loud and general cheering. He said, before he ad-
dressed himself to the subject before the Meeting, be
wished to state that he had received letters from two or
th-ee mentleinen who were unable to attend the Meeting.
One from his esteemed friend, John Angel James ; another
from Murdo Young, Editor of The Sun newspaper, to
whom they owed deep obligations, for the services he had
rendered the cause—(much cheering)—and some ex-
tracts from whose letter he would take the liberty of read
ing to the meeting.—Clear, bear.)
It is said that the race is not to the swift nor the battle to
the strong, and most truly has it *zee...l verified in the present
instance; for with the powers of darkness, selfishness, slavery,
and intolerance ranged against us, we, who were but few in
number, and almost hopeless in result, have fought the good
fight, and restored our fellow-men to enjoy that freedom to
which they were destined by a common providence, and have
raised them to that rank which-is the characteristic pride of
all good men, and the especial boast of Englishmen, whose
daily hymn it is—
" Britons never will be slaves
—( Loud cheers.) But I will not intrude on your precious
time, and I have quite enough to do with my own. Rest
assured that whenever and wherever the cause of freedom,
humanity, or distress may require an honest, and, I will add,
a fearless advocate, you will always find a ready pen and a
willing heart while I conduct The Sun newspaper.
I remain, with best wishes, yours faithfully,
M. YOUNG.

weal he was satisfic I, be acting only in aceordlnce
c,ith the feelings and the judgment of the people of Eng-
land —(Cherm) Put it Lad b.rn instly ob-erved that
iiberty was an ever germinating principle," and they
thought the time was now arrived in which it was their
duty to lend all the aid in their power to those wl:o were
labi.tring for the overthrow of the monstrous e%il in other
parts of the world. Ile was old when in New York that
that many who had escaped from slivery in the Southern
States were actively occupied in assisting others to do the
same, and he believed that in their own islands, from
whence they had been wont to bear only the groans of the
slaves,-but front whence every packet was now bringing
the glad tidings of their freedom, they should pot only
shortly be able to teach them probably to protect their own
rights, but at the same time greatly aid in extending liberty
to other countries.—(Cheers.) The extent of slavery in
professing Christian nations, might be in some measure
conceived from a statement which beheld in his hand, and
which he would read to the meeting :

--(Lotzsi and vehement cheering.)
He thoueit the meeting would he glad to learn the sen-
timents of a man who had done such efficient service to
the cause of humanity and independence.—(Renewed
cheering.) The third letter was from their able advocate
and friend Thomas Fowel Buxton, and he believed it was
owing to the misdirection of a letter they bad been deprived
of his company that evening. The following is Mr. Bux-
ton's letter :

!Jnitcd States
Brazils

2,250,000
2,000,000
Cuba and Porto Rico
French Colonies 350,000
Danes, Dutch, and Portuguese
.lere then it would be observed that nearly one-half were
field by Republican America.---( Hear, hear.) Th it
count' y which boasted itself first upon the earth.—( Hear,
hear) They told them that they (the British people) had
bequeathed that curse to them, and surely if they did so,
it was their duty to use their utmost efforts to rid them of
it.—(Cheers.) To show them the difficulties which Abo-
litionists had to contend with there, he would give two
exemplifications as to the state of public feeling. The
instrument he held in his hand was cald a " Bowie-knife,"
named from a man who became celebrated from the number
of victims he had sacrificed with it. It was used solely as
an instrument of death, and, he believed, like the Italian
stiletto, principally for assassination ; and it was said that
it was now generally worn by the slave-holders of the
southern States of America. This instrument, which he
was sorry to say, was manufactured in England, under the
name of a bunting-knife, was sold openly in New York in
the most public and fashionable streets ; and what did they
suppose was the motto, encircled in large characters, on its
blade ? Why, " Death to Abolition ."—(Expressions of
indignation.) The other fact to which he would advert,
was,. the recent destruction of the Hall for free dis-
cussion in Philadelphia, where abolitionists of different
colours assembled to promote their great object. This,
they would bear in mind, was a " free" state ; and the out-
rage was effected, not by the ignorant and uneducated
rabble, but by the active co-operation of part of the
wealthy inhabitants, and the passive sanction of many
others.—(Shame, shame.) An eminent abolitionist of New
York, in writing to him upon this subject, said, " The
burning of the new and splendid hall in Philadelphia occa-
sions much remark. It has brought out the cloven foot
of slavery in this city. Sad to relate:, a large majority of
leading men in Philadelphia and elsewhere tacitly approve
of mob violence, when excited against abolitionists. The
nation is corrupted by slavery. Its profits influence all
classes, though they do not all see it to be so."—(Hear.)
If the meeting would excuse him, he could hardly forbear
dwelling for one moment on this event, which stamped
such indelible disgrace upon the city of Philadelphia, be-
cause this city was particularly identified with the religious
society to which he belonged, having been founded by
William Penn. It was there he fled, with many of his
friends, to enjoy that liberty to worship God according to
his conscience, which he was then denied in Englan.—
(Cheers.) Ile purchased the site of it from the In-
dians ; and though the treaty was never ratified by
an oath, it was never broken by either of the
contracting parties—( Hear, hear, and cheers)—and such
had been the marked abhorrence of the Quakers to slavery,
that more than half a century no member of their Society,
even in America, had been allowed to continue so and hold
one in bondage. Yet in this city of brotherly love, in the
open day, in the year 1838, a splendid ball, capable of
holding 3,000 persons, was deliberately burnt ; and it, was
said that even the firemen had orders not to play their en-
gines upon it, because within its walls individuals dared
publicly to advocate the abolition of slavery.—(Shame,
shame.) But he confessed his heart beat when he read
that during the period when this impious defiance of the
lows of God and man was taking place, the wearers of the
Quaker dress were marked out as objects of scorn and in-
sult.—(Hear, hear.) He considered it a far more valuable
testimony to the consistency of their conduct than the
thoughtless acclamations of millions.—(Cheers.) But they
would be addressed by " the Member for all Ireland" on
this subject—(Great eheering)—and he wished heartily he
had possessed the votes of all Ireland on a late occasion—
(Laughter)—she would be now more properly represented
than she was.—(Cheers.) He was glad to say that that
distliniuished advocate and friend of liberty had found time
in his iinvveatied labours for the redress of the wrongs of
the land of his birth, to meet them on the present occasion ;
and may his voice this night (continued Mr. Sturge) reach
the remotest regions of slave-holding America ; and may it
rouse the slumbering energies of some sable O'Connell—
(immense cheering)—who shall as ably, as manfully, and
as successfully lead on his countrymen to the possession of
their unalienable rights.—(Enthusiastic cheering.) Before
he sat down he wished to say one word in reference to the
slate trade (as it had bean alluded to iii the letters read in
the early part of the evening from Lord Brougham, and
also from Fowell Buxton.) They held that to destroy this
monstrous evil they must destroy slavery itself.—( Hear.)
Some of them took no part in the means hitherto em-
ployed to suppress it, because they believed the taking of
the life even of a slave-dealer was forbidden ill the Gospel ;
and how signally had such means failed ! Upwards of
thirty years had now elapsed since it was declared piracy
by the laws of this country, and they had since then
expended from ten to fifteen millions of the public
treasure in trying to suppress it by force of arms,
and the result was, that the trade, which was estimated as
transporting from 80 to 100,000 annually from their na-
tive shores, in 1807, was increased to from 170 to 200,000,
the horrors of the " middle passage" were increased, and
the whole continent of Africa were desolated by it, while
an internal slave trade, to an almost incredible extent and
enorinify, had sprung up in the United States of Amerhra,
and, finally, th-v hail just commenced a new slave-trade
in East Indian fill Coolies.—(Hear, hear.) 'ro destroy
the slave- tra,le they must destroy slavery—(Hear,
hear)—and to destroy slavery they must di stroy the vaue
of slave labour, and to destroy the value of slave labour
they must destroy the value of slave produce ; and he
Loped the day was not far distant when their legislature
and their commerce would in this respect be es much in
favour of liberty as it had hitherto been in fatlioleurproef_
slavery.—(Cheers.) Sur, Iv they might derive encourage-
ment from the fact of seeing such an assembly a s
sent on such an occasion, in the recent almost universal ex-
pression ef public opinion, in so much of the public press bring
with them, including several of the daily papers, amongst
which lie could not forbear noticing the d'ar'ting Ile, am,
and more especially The Sun,—(Cheers,)—and if they
looked aercss the Atlantic, they would s e that in Ame-
rica they a'ready hail upwryds of 1,3-13 antr-s'avery so-
cieties, comprising half a mil ion members; and las.ly, he
would mention, that tho rgli he would pay nn heemage, to
Marshal Soult, because lie was a great w!:rrior, till lie
could learn from his Bible why, while one man-murilk r
made a villair, millions made a hero, yet he did rejoice to
find that such a man said in their town the other day that
the future rivalry between France and England must be only
in the acts of ix:ale, and to know frorn good authority
that he wishes France to follow England in the total abo-
lition of shivery.--(Chairs.) 1.1 eonclu,i,n l.c tvoulii urz-
them to individual duty. It ayes mainly, he believed, under
Providence to tEe labours and prayers of those who shrink
from the public eve, and who little knew while they
laboured, the extent of the benefit they were conferring,
that the cause had made the progress it bad; to them he
especially recommended, as a further means of aiding the
general cause, the disuse of slave-grown produce.—( Hear.)
He believed it would be their duty to extend it to cotton
as well as sugar. The faithful' example of a few on this
point would he believed powerfully influence many, and let
each of them remember that small as migh t appear the effect of
individual effort, tl.e result was with him who often saw
tit to make use of the w,ak things of this world to
overcome the strong ; and as it was not for them to in-
quire why in his inscrutable wisdom he had permitted one
portion of his creatures thus cruelly to oppress another, so
it was net for them to say by what instruments be would
work their deliverance, but at the end of time may each in
this assembly have the inexpressible consolation of reflect-
ing that they had performed all they could to " undo the
heavy burden and let the oppressed go free."—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried
unanimously.

" London, 30th July, 1838.
" My Dear Sturge—All other feelings are abeorbed in the
sincere and deep satisfaction arising from the knowledge that
in thirty-two hours from this time those chains that have been
so weighty upon me for fifteen years, as upon the bodies of
those who have borne them, are so soon to be broken. I bless
God, that he who has always raised up agents such as the
crisis required, sent you to the West Indies. I bless God
that during the apprentiCeship not one act of violence against
the person of a white man, Las I believe been perpetrated by
a negro ; and I cannot express my grateful exultation that
those whom the colonial law so recently reckoned " as brute
beasts," the fee simple absolute whereof resided in their
owners, will so soon after the expiration of another day be
clothed with the full rights of man, and stand on a level with
these who once would have thought it an insult to humanity,
and almost an impiety to God, if any one had presumed to
suppose that their " chattels" and themselves were equals.
Let none of us forget that those who are emancipated
will be assailed with many an attempt to curb and crush their
liberty ; nor that they want the compensation of the means of
education—nor that two millions of human chattels in the
East Indies require our protection—nor that the slave trade
(of all evils the monster evil) still defies and darkens one
quarter of the glohe. May that same public voice which has
now been so happily exerted, and Under the influence of tha,
same gracious Lord who bas wrought its present victory, ne-
ver be hushed while a taint of slavery remains.
" Your sincere and grateful friend,
(Signed) T. F. BUXTON."
Mr. S'rur.oC then proceeded—He wished to make a few
observations in reference to the object of the present meet-
ing, in addition to whsit had been announced in the adver-
tisement. He was the inete anxioua to do so, because he
feared some Misapprehension !,ad gone forth from its bi ing
designated, as be regretted it had been, " An Anti-slavery
Festival."—( Ileer, hear.) There was, 41ili ed, in the pre-
sent position of this great cause amply sufficient to unite
them in a heartihlt expression of gratitude to the All-wise
Dispenser of Events. It. was justly observed by one of its
eloquent advocates in the House of Commons on a late oc-
casion, that it was often censidered a rich reward for much
time and labour to succeed in the obtaining the abridgment
of the term of imprisonment of a single individual who might
have violated the lawa of his country, when that punishment
was considered too severe ; but on that day hundreds of
thousands of their innocent fellow-subjects were rejoicing
in that liberty which they had never forfeited.—( Cheers.)
Through the mighty moral influence of the people of Er.g-
land the sun had risen for tile first time upon the freedom
of a large majority of their sable brethren in the British
Islands of the West.—(Renewed cheers.) But it was
not chiefly for the purpose of addressing them in the
language of congratulation that ti:ey had been invited to
meet together on that occasion. Ready as was their be-
loved Chairman to sacrifice his political and personal fec!-
ings in this great cause ; it was not for that clone they
would. base asked him to leave the bed of a sick son, whose
illness was a source of intense anxiety, to preside at the
present tneet;ng ; nor was it fur this that they invited the
distinguisheihstrange,r3 who had favoured them with their
company, to put themselves to so much inconvenience ; but
they asked their presence amongst them that evening, in
order, if possible, to assist in brinsieg what bad been gained
in aid of what yet remained to be txcomplished ; and be
wished to impress upon them in the a:roe:gest manner, that
though they had come to thank God and take courage,
they were only cn the threshold of their 1 abours. They
must not for a mernarit forget that they had not yet heard
that liberty was proclaimed to the negroes in any of the
Crown. nor yet in seme of the chartered colonic.:—(llsar,
bear)—and though they had much strong expectations held
out by the Colonial Secretary that it would forthaith be
secured, yet it could not be concealed that it was the result
of the " pressure from without," and to this pressure they
noiet look as a security for its a.esomplidteient.—(Cheers )
But what was m::ch more important, they had to see that
the infant liberties of these colonies were not crushed in
the hod: ; and they had abundant evidence to show
that nothing but the untiring vigilance of this country
would prevent this. One of the missionaries in. Jamaica,
William Knit), before he had heard tife joyous news that
the apprenticeship was floo it y to cces e rete to Lin its
toilows Ever bear in mind, my clear friend, that the
present laws Ifeclittg free labourers are »tore abominable
than the Stanleyan mockery itself—that these ace. expire
in 1840, and that on what is then done (and it deep at-
tempt will be made to re-enact them) the freedom of the
hick depends. I do feel deeply on this subject. If this
is reelected, we are undone. Va,salage of the worst
description will be the result, and the boon of liberty, after
six years' probation, be stained with the tears and the blood
of its ever-cheated victims."—( Hear, hear.) Another
missionary, pJ, M. Phillippo, wrote also by the lest acket :
" Your apprehens:ons respecting vaeraavagrantla as I have
intimated on the other side of the rater, • Is% •1
11 see by
P
the report of the debates contained in the 3aPere:', are but
too well founded, and the British Government must be
urged to a vigilant watchfulness over every law that may
emanate from the local Legislatures ; and in order to this,
be not in haste to disband the Anti-Slavery Society. The
precipitancy in this respect was a source of vast mischief
in 1834—a sad and fatal error. It should be kept dis-
ciplined for at least ten years longer. Their existence
will at least operate as a salutary restraint, as
in the battle field a great deal depends on making good a
a i, tory. After 1840 you may safely leave the safeguard
of our rights and liberties to ourselve.s ; nye, and you will find
us a powerful auxili iry in securing that of our more
northern neighbours."—( Cheers.) They had also, continued
Mr. Sturge, slavery existing
in some parts of their East
Indian empire ; but, he was of opinion that it' they did
their duty, they were now in a position to realize the
heart's desire of one of England's favourite poets, when he
said,
" Slaves cannot breathe in England. ' If their lungs
Inhale our air, that moment they 'are free.
They touch our country, and their shackles fall !
That's noble, and bespeaks a nation proud
And jealous of the blessing. Spread it, then,
And let it circulate through every vein
Of all your empire, that when Britain's power
Is felt, mankind may feel her mercy too."—(Applause.)
He hoped they had some-Member of the British Senate
then present who would pledge himself to bring forward
next Session a motion that treading upon British soil in
any quarter of the globe should break the fetters of the
- slave of any country, clime, or colour ; and in so doing he

E. BAINES, ESQ., M.P., moved the second Resolution.
He had unfeigned satisfaction in meeting that great and
imposing assembly--imposing, not in the sense of the word
as it was generally used, but imposing on account of the
character it gave to their proceeding.—(Cheers) He felt
great pleasure in assembling with them to celebrate one of
most glorious victories wliich future historians would 111Ve
to record,—not a victory of blood, but a victory of peace,—
not a victory of slavery, but a victory of liberty.—(Great
cheering.) What victory could be more worthy of the
feelings of men ? and, above all, what victory could be
more worthy of Christians ?—(Great cheering.) He could
sty, with perfect sincerity, that he believed this to be one
of the most glorious victories in the annals of great Britain.
—(Hear, hear.) On that day the shackles had fallen from
the limbs of eight hundred thousand men, and it had ele-
vated the character of that country to a higher position
than it Lad ever before assumed. It was not because
t':ey had been glorious in arms—it was not because
they had won the victory of Waterloo, and an hundred
other battles by sea and land ; but it was because they

had wn t,l at they had disinterestedeees and meted emi-
►
r re, acid that Christian I little which disposed them to
saeritice ; he would not cell it by that opprobrious term
_but w:,ich had dispcseil t'.rm to apply twenty millions
of the public money in buying liberty, for the slave. Let
them show him another country which had achieved so
just and glorious a victory—let them pis:lst nut any other
country that had even made an approximation. What hail
they asked of other countries which they were in some4le-
gree plelged to maintain ? They asked merely that they
would ahstain from carrying on the slave-trade, and it was
with extreme difficulty that even that object could be ac-
complished.—( Hear, hear.) There was a paragraph in a
recent Act of Parliament (and certainly he did not look to
Acts of Parliament far eloquence), but there was one pas-
s !ge which appeared to him to be one of the most eloquent
he knew of either in history or legislation, and he could
not deny himself the pleasure of reading it.—(Hear.)
The passage would exhilirate the meeting ; and the more
so because the present was the first day in which that pas-
sage found its consummation and fulfilment.—(Hear.)
That from the Ist day of August (he would supp'y
1838) all and every the persons hitherto held in slavery
within any British Colony, shall be to all intents and pur-
poses free and discharged of and from all manner of slavery,
and shall be absolutely and for ever manumitted ; and that
the children to be born of such persons, and the offspring
of such children shall in like manner be free from their
birth, and that from and after the said let of August,
slavery shall and is hereby utterly and for ever abolished
throughout the British Colonies, plantations, and posses-
sesions."—(Loud cheering.) Let them show him a passage
in history that equalled that one in eloquence. It had
been the habit of his life to attain to historical reading, but
he would declare on his honour that he had never met with
a pass age in which there was so much true eloquence,
so n.ush pathos, and he hoped so much of truth. Was
it nothing to contemplate: the freedom of men, women, and
children, who were -nothing but slaves, while they wore the
shackle of apprenticeship. He was of a much warmer
temperament than his honoured friend Josiah Sturge, and
therefore he felt satisfied that in all the British colonies
liberty would be proclaimed, as well in those from which
the accounts had reached them, as those they had not yet
heard from. He did not wish to" detract from the merit of
the slave-holders' voluntary surrender.—( Hear, hear.) He
had always been a friend to the voluntary system—(Great
laughter and cheering)—and above all, to the voluntary
emancipation of the slaves. That concession, in his opi-
nion, gave a grace and a value to the boon, which could
not have been imparted, if the motion of his Hon. Friend
had been brought, as he (Mr. Baines) thought it ought to
have been, to a successful issue.—(Cheers.) But the
grace and effect of that concession would not have been so
lastingly beneficial, as when the slave-owners themselves
came forward and said to their slaves, " Go freer
(Applause.) If the matter had been otherwisearranged, there
would have been hatred, and perhaps a persecuting spirit,
on the part of the masters towards their former slaves, but
the concession lately made had totally prevented the occur-
rence of such a circumstance. There was a great advan-
tage in masters meeting their workmen in the bonds of mu-
tual attachment, and the desire to do each other good, and,
therefore, although he (Mr. Baines) was among the num-
ber of those who voted for the Legislative enactment by
which the apprenticeship would be terminated, yet he
rejoiced more that the matter had been accomplished by
the voluntary surrender of the masters than he would have
done at the triumph of that motion, upon the success of
which he believed all the Gentlemen on that platform had
set their hearts. If that concession had not been made,
would they nst again have had all these fanciful distinctions
of predial and non-predial until the year 1840—aye,or until
as a friend of his, near him, had said, until the year 1850 ?
and in that equivocal state the negroes would have conti-
nued had it not been for the energy of the British people,
stimulated by the exertions of the Anti-slavery Society.—
)Cheering.) This was the reason why he congratulated them
upon so great and glorious a triumph—but that was not the
sole reason. Did the meetingsuppose that if their townsman,
Joseph Sturge, had not gone to the West Indies—if he had
not bearded the lion in his den—if he had.not let the West
Indians know that the people of England were aware of all
their iniquities, that they would have that day to congratu-
late them on so great and glorious a consummation? No,
it was owing to the exertion of your townsman, and he ho-
nOured the place of his residence, and h e was glad to say, to
the exertion also of a townsman of his own, C. Harvey, who
was J. Sturge's coadjutor, and companion; and not less did he
honour the assiduous, and enterprising, and intelligent,
John Scoble.—(Much cheering.) Others also co-operated
with them in producing these glorious results, end he was
proud of, and honoured them all. While he said this much,
he would add, that he had always been subjected to the
imputation of too great an au:lament to her Majesty's Mi-
nisters. He was willing to believe that they had acted for
the best,a.sthey had an opportunity of seeing some xhat farther
than others, and perhaps many of his friends around him
would acknowledge that they were working for good as
well as for evil. He would however waive a topic upon
which there was likely to be some difference of opinion ;
they had obtained a &goal advantage and they should take
care that nothing ictervened•to mar finis enjoyment of it.
It was not to be suppo ed that the evils and abuses of
ages could be removed in a year or two, and therefore he
would impress on the Anti-slavery Society the necessity of
not dissolving until 1840-Indeed he would be rather in-
clined to keep them up till 1850—(Hear, he ar.) It be-
hoved them to keep a vigilant and watchful eye around
them, and thus turn the meeting to its practical applica-
tion—it was nothing to meet and congratulate one another
if the meeting ended in nothing else, but let them pledge
themselves never to rest satisfied until the inhabitant! of
every colony in the British possession were in the enjoy-
ment of liberty equal to that of England herself.—(Cheers.)
That was the object they aimed at, and when that was
attained, they might then sink into rest, and he trusted
that not only would the works of these good men follow
them to another and a better world, but that there also
they would meet with hundreds and thousands who would
have been slaves but for them, enlightened and brought
to the knowledge of divine truth by liberty.—(Cheers.)
He trusted this would be accomplished, and that its results
would be to confer upon the colonies those Westio"'s
of
peace and industry by which their resources would b;: best
developed, and those advantages for which they to ardently
pantcd.—(Clicers.). One more retnaele and he had done—
e return had been lately made to the Blitish Parliament of
the state of educatien in the West India colonies, ; that
return was highly gratifying. There was a Society at
work there which was scarcely known to the people of
England, and of which his esteemed ar.d eloquent
fiend, Dr. Lushiegton, was one of the trustees.—
(Hear, hear, bear.) Under that Society education was
spreading itself snore rapidly than in England ; there were
schools not only for t:se igssorant negro,bsst also for the schoal-
master—it was sending out supplies too very one of the
West Indian coloties, and diffusing the keowledge of r. li-
gious truth and education in ese ry direction.—(Cheers.)
He hoped this was one of the points to which the people
of Eegland would tura their attention, and with such
trustees as D.. Ludiegten and Mr. F. Buxton, Ledy
Mieo'e charity must bn attended with the happiests results.
What..ver the amount of these benefits might be, to the
people of Eeglantl (and lie did i of Insert to leave out Ire-
land) tie y were m iiely indebted ; and foremost among
those wossld on all occasions be ranked the people of the
sirit-al end indepf ndei:t town of Birmingham.._((,hi ers.)
CHARLES' LUSIIINGTON, Esq., M.P., second, d the reso-
lution. He said it had been Jerez his wish to visit their
flourishing to.vn, the kilts: itants of which were justly dis-
rnevislied for their industrial snterptise, their general in-
ts-.ll,gence, their essl;blitcy.c.l pl.ilanthropy, and that ardent
attachment to civil and religious liberty, which had evinced
itself in so many acts of enlightened liberality and rigorous
p.itriotism, for the results of which, although not fully de-
veloped, and requiring much further development, the em-
pire at large had most abundant cause to be eminently
[grateful —(Much cheering.) Circumstances, however,
and the pressure of vocations elsewhere, had prevented him
from gratifying his curiosity to the utmost extent ; but
although he was obliged almost immediately to return to
London, he was thankful for the opportunity that day af-
forded him, by the invitation with which he had been
honouted, to join in their explession of joyousness which
cheered, and in the -effusion of gratitude which dignified
and solemnized that most interesting meeting.—(Great
cheering.) It had been well and justly characterised as an
interesting day to hundreds of thousands of human beinrir,
now emancipated in the various colonies. Let them onlyb
consider the joy of the negro on that day—last night he
had cast aside for ever the foul garb of slavery, because
the apprenticeship was nothing better than bondage—and
that day he had put on the decorous array of manliness
and independence.—(Great cheering.) That day he
walked forth as a regenerated man, and he now could face
11;s oppressor—he could dispose of his time as he pleased,
either devoting it to recreation, or employing it at labour,
as his judgment or inclination may lead bins ; and no man
could order him to work for ten hours, under the penalty
of himself being flogged, and his wife and children sent to
the treadmill.—(Hear, and dicers.) From henceforth he
walked with an upright countenance, and if he met the
man who had oppressed and degraded him, he could reply
as a man ought, and reciprocate defiance.—(Cheers.) But
the negro was not the only person interested on the pre-
sent occasion—they could not forget those who had dc-
voted themselves to the success of the undertakin7, and
who had contributed their funds, and viewed with compla-
cency the progress of education in these colon' es. But there
was a third class—those who bad devoted, their time and
their funds, and sacrificed themselves entirely to that
blessed work.—(Hear, and cheers.) These men had, in
deed, cause to rejoice—the negro had the•selfish feeling of
his manumission, but the pleasure of these men was pure
and unalloyed by selfishness. They could not forget the

deep debt or gratitude- doe -to-such men—they could not
forget him who bad gone to distant chines, wlich we.re.
threatened constantly with pestilential disease, and_ who
had separated himself from his family, and exposed him-
self to :he utmost danger. - It was said, that good men,
after the performance of deeds of benevolen,,e, slept
soundly ; but, if he was any judge of human nature, be
would say, that r,,st to-night would be denied to Joseph
Sturge.—(Hear, hear.) It was said of General Washing-
ton, that he had never been perplexed but once, and that
was by six Quakers.—( Laughter.) At the breaking out of
the American revolution, he applied to six Quakers to serve
in the militia—he implored, remonstrated, and threatened,
and even imprisoned them, but nothing would do. Now
the House of Commons, he could assure them, from per-
sonal experience, was a sturdy and impracticable assembly,
when it made up its mind to a certain course, it was not
easy to divert it from that course ; and, certainly, when the
n-rasurc of negro emancipation was proposed it met with
great opposition. Deputations from all parts of the
country, among whom were many of the Society
of Friends, waited upon him as well as other Mem.=
hers of Parliament. They had asked him how be
meant to vote, and he had said he should vote
for immediate emancipation.--(111u3h cheering.) He was
asked how he could reconcile that with his interests as a

West Indian proprietor, and he had re?lied that he
never considered the question in that point—he thought
the apprentices entitled to their freedom—and he should
vote for it.—(Vehement cheering.) Although they had
met with powerful opposition in the House of Commons,
there were always to be seen there men extremely busy,
among whom were his friend Geo. Stacey, Mr. Alexander,
and the impmonification of activity and übiquity, Joseph
Sturge.—(Laughter and cheers.) The result of the second
division was very delightful, and when the majority was
announced he understood that many who were not much
given to exultation threw up their hats, and of course it
was not his business to inquire the dimensions of their
brims.—(Laughter, and hear, hear.) They were now as-
sembled to express their sentiments of solemn and extreme
gratitude to Him who had overruled their divisions. The
hour of excitement was pressed—the moments of joyouness
and exultation were fast passing away, and caution and
suspicion must now be taken advantage of. They had
pined a great victory, and they must now endeavour to
consolidate it, and not allow it to be frustrated by those
whose interest it was to continue the shackles of the

uegroes. They could not expect habits of domination to
be at once laid aside, and he trusted on that account the
Anti-Slavery body would continue its most useful and
energetic exertions, and that the eyes not only of the So-
ciety, but of Parliament, would be' onstantly directed to
the West, and thereby preserve the emancipated appren-
tices from that oppression which they would otherwise be
subjected to.—(Hear.) He trusted that mutual aspe-
rities would shortly be smothered down, and that they
would witness a long period of tranquillity and peace,
blessing the labours of their West Indian colonies.
The resolution was carried unanimously.
Dr. LUSIIINGTON, M.P., came forward, to move the

third resolution. It was not without, powerful emotion, it
was not without feelings of deep gratitude to Him who
ruled the universe, that he rose to address them on that
very memorable occasion. Memorable, not for the large
meeting assembled which he bad now the honour to ad-
dress—memorable, not for the deep interest and attention
which they paid to the subject now under discussion—but
memorable for- the singular beneficence of Providence
which on that day had restored that dearest and greatest
of boons,syithout which nothing else was worth having, to
hundreds of thousands of an oppressed people—their
liberty and independence. Without liberty there was
neither happiness nor virtue—without it all was degradation
and crime—degradation might be the lot of the slave, but
crime was the guilt of the master.—(Cheers.) Thank
God for both—thank Him for giving liberty and happiness
to the slave—thank Him for blotting out the eternal guilt
by which these men had so long oppressed their innocent
victims.—(Hear, hear.) The greatest blessing Providence
could bestow was to diminish the extent of crime—next to
that, and only next to that, was to extend the happiness
of His creatures. Long had he wished to see that day,
and when he thought how many there were who laboured
so long and so earnestly in the cause, and who had gone
to their graves without having witnessed its final consum-
mation, he could not but express what had once been his
humble hope, that they might have been spared to have
participated in that triumph which their exertions had so
eminently contributed to achieve.—(Cheers.) Second to
none in the cause was Zachary Macauley, who for thirty
years, through evil and good repute, and in obloquy, in
times of disgust, and in ridicule, was up early and down
late, the able, unflinching, indefatigable asserter of the
cause of truth and the cause of Providence.—(Great cheer-
ing.) But if he had been snatched away before that hour
he had lived long enough to see that within a very short
time those chains he had so long beguiled, those sufferings
which had been so long endured, and that injustice to which
they had been so long exposed, was fast sinking beneath the
light of knowledge and the good feeling of the people of
England, and beneath the powers of Ilim who, if he al-
lowed evil to continue for a time, did it but as a means of
their cha4tisement. There was another he would feign
have seen there, whose absence he much regretted—he
meant his honoured friend Mr. Fowell Buxton.—(Great
cheering.) Ile exerted himself in their cause at a time
when the fostering spirit of the people of England did
not come to his aid and assistance, as it (lid now.—(Cheers.)
Ile stood forward in, those dark days when in the
House of Commons he was in a small minority, and when the
advocate of that cause was sure to meet with cold con-
tempt, and bitter silence, and the biting sneers of a large
majority. He worked on notwithstanding undismayed,
untired and unfearing, taking truth for his guide ; and he
must, even when he spoke of that cause, acknowledge and
proclaim that to him they were indebted for the greatest
s-rviees. He would compress what further he had to say in
a few words.—( Loud cries of "Go on.") He would tell
them, then, first of all, the estimate made of the negro
character by those who took the most favourable view of
it bad been realized in all their past experience. There
were none more ready to learn—none more obedient, more
peaceable: or more docile ; there were none more anxious
to acquire knowledge, whether religious or otherwise, or
bettt r disposed to keep the law of the land in peace and
good svi'l towards their fellow-creatur, s. Mention had
been made by his Hon. Friend of the Mico charity, and in
two words he would give them its history. One hundred
and sixty years ago a Lady Mien left a sum for the re-
demption of white persons sold as slaves into Barbary.
Two or three years afterwards that traffic ceased, in con-
sequence of a treaty, and the fund went rolling on for
150 years. By accident it came to his knowledge, and in
conjunction with some friends, Le male application to the
Court of Chancery, and obtained 130,0001. for negro
education.—(Cheers.) Now, mark the trust on which the
principle was founded. The sacred principles to whicirthey
were bound to adhere were those of conveying instruction
without regard to any religious pursuasion, and he had
the satisfaction of telling them, that after being two or
throe years at work, no member of nny religious persuasion,
either Catholic, Di salter, or any other, had found fault
with the cyst, m they hal adopted.—( Loud cries of' “ Hear,
' hear.") Such had been the confi 'once of the Got cm-
Imeat in the manner ie which the Soviety was conducted,
that !al. year a parliamentary grant hail placed in their
hands no less a sum than 18,000/., and in no less than
1 e.glit or ten principal Islands, schools had been established,
I and, he hoped, with eve ry prospect of complete and ulti-
mate success. There was one piece of information which
he was sure would give them satisfaction :—By the
kindness of the acting Governor of British Guiana,
he lied received a communication announcing that sla-
very was to be abolished there aiso.—(lmmense cheering.)
Now British Guiana was the stronghold of slavery—
there. the apprentices were most harrassed, and there they
had anticipated the greatest_ daficulties. To his astonish-
ment, surprise, anti delight, he found that the mover of
that abolition which was to take place on the Ist day of
August, 1838, was their former bitterest foe, and most
virulent opponent (Dr. Mac Duff.)—(Hear.) If any man
living seven years ago had told him that such an event
would take place, he would have deemed it the height
of absurdity.—( Hear, hear.) But such was the force
of public opinion; that those who a few years ago were their
bitterest enemies, were now coming forward to take their
share in the praise of the final accomplishment of the work.
Let them be received even at the eleventh hour, and, late
as they had conic forward to advance that glorious work,
he trusted their sacrifice, even at the eleventh hour, would
be received by Him who was all merciful, in expiation of
their past crimes. Reference had been made to the state
of slavery existing in the different colonies and dominions
or the Crown of Great Britain. He could not but express a
regret that there was an exception in the abolition of sla-
very in their East India possessions. He understood,
however, that measures would be speedily adopted to effect
the extinction of slavery in that quarter.--(Cheers.)
Hitherto it had proceeded as might have been expected—
it had stood still altogether.—(A laugh.) Unless it was
done by the power of Parliament called into action by the
feelings of the British people, they would remain for ever
and aye in the present degraded condition.—(Hear, hear.)
It was the duty, then, of those who represented the
. people in. Parliament to bring before it that great and
. crying grievance. With the blessing of God, it was
his intention in the ensuing session to bring the subject
. of East Indian slavery before the House, and thus, if pos-
sible, relieve the crown of Great Britain from the foul blot
of having one man in those dominions in a state of slavery.
--(Great cheering.) A commencement had been lately
made—they had all heard of the transportation of the Hill
Coolies, and they had heard something, perhaps, of' the
Government not encouraging, but giving a quiet and tacit,
and rather active assistance to the exportation of those un

fortunate indivi luals from- the East, lndies to the, different humanity-- on oar sitle.—(Hear, hear.) How de‘ighted,
settlemeets of the Mauritius and Gi.liana. He had the have I been at the language of our eloquent and
satisfaction cf informing them that Lord Glenelg in the honoured friend this evening. America, through her thou'
House of Lords, had stated that exportation to be at an sand village.; and towns—America along her multitudinotg
t
end.—(Great cheering.). The order was rescinded—the streams-and amid the roar of her thousand waters w,
contract. Was broken up—the system was repudiated, to re- hear the echo of her voice. She will hear that one of
male shnelf.; hereafter a trontimeet of their folly. the most eloquent living ora'ors of the British
Hurrah, he would say for the force of public cpinioa! ,'.tent, one of the most successful of professional men,
—(Cheers.) Hurrah, he would say again fhr the one 'of the reoet highly-gif,ed and impartial of our e.
It was not in the cleeiastical judges, has passed sentence of eternal i.
power of truth.—(Renewed cheers.)
power of man to offer any effectuel resistance 'to the prom famy upon hcr.—(Much cheering.) Oh, yes, they n
re
0.,
gress of their cause. Let them be assured that if it was infamous—it wes the judge who pronounced that seater:
founded in justice it must ultimately triumph. Let them but want to have a verdict rf a jury ueon the S.
use but the means which Providence had put into their question. As many of ou as are of opinion that they esct
hands of full, free, and public discussion, and they might infamous, say ay,'.--(A loud shout of_ " Aye" intr__
depend on it that success would be the result. One word from the whole assembly.) Ave ! they are infamous n'
before he sat down, with respect to the' address of the famous slave holding America, I believe their very
American President :—A. more unfeeling address, -or one Ambassador here is a slave-breeler, one of those beingss
more disgraceful to men enjoyingthe freedom ofliberty them- who reared up slaves for the purpose of traffic. Is it p2_
selves he never had perused. What he would ask was that sible that America would send here a man who traffics
man who claimed liberty for himself, and denied it to others, in blood, , and who is a disgrace to human
what was he but a base hypocrite?—(Cheering.) What I ture ?—(Hear, hear.) I hope the as;crtion is untrue, bt
I,
House'
term in the English language could be too severe for hint? it is right to speak out. I
was going into the
Their jealousy was aroused upon that subject, for some few Commons the other evening, when a tall gentlemanly'
years ago he was in company with the American Ambas• looking man, yellow and lank, • addressed nags--(sador, and he never failed to speak of slavery when he met laugh.) Sir, I ama stranger, and I wish to see tho
an American, and he prayed them to mark the coward House of Commons ? I replied I will do what
feelings of guilt. He. learned afterwards that his observe- can to accommodate a stranger. You are
an
tions on slavery, and their private cow ersation at table, Americdn ? Yes from Alhahama. And a slave-owner I
..
had been transmitted to every American Minister abroad. presume? Yes—then I will have nothing to do with you;
It, showed that they were afraid of truth, andtbat those who —(Roars of lauehter.) This is what we should all
prided themselves upon their liberty, and-who were rising fast do. Universal Europe should proclaim that any wee
in civilization and the arts, and all that glorified man, had. who is the holder of slave=, was degraded in his moral cha'
a stigma fixed upon their character, which would consign ratter, and not fit to associate with honest men. W 7
u!
them to the degradation and contempt of every honourable would associate with a pickpocket, a convicted thief, or a,
and upright and honest man. The Americans trembled murderer ? You would not, and what is a slave owner.
with fear, and God send they might—(Cheers)—and that Why, picking pockets rises to the dignity of felony, the
they never might, know peace and quiet till those atrocious convicted thief', or the murderer, are men of mitigated
ruffians—for no other term was applicable to them—had crimes compared with those who make life one living se_
put an end to slavery for ever.—(Great applause.) He perpetual - death. Look at the situation of that
was satisfied that the hour was approaching when they country. . In the first place there is Texas, laic,
would begin seriously to think of the dangers by which has been recognized by the American Gove:ntnea'''
they might be beset—of the horrors which would ultimately and it was a portion of land belonging to the Mexican
attend any violent assertion of liberty on the part of the slaves ; States, which was fi'cbed from them by a set of land pirates•
and that won by wisdom, and guided by a sense of duty, They committed and were encouraged in the robbery, be'
they would now peaceably and quietly do that for them- cause the Mexicans had totally abolished slavery.
Al-
selves which ultimately must be and would be done, he though separated by wilds from the United States, it was
trusted, not in bloodshed and misery. They who . had set manifest that the negoes, in search of freedom, would be
the Americans the example were bound to keep that ex- able to find a track through the otherwise pathless desert'
ample before them in all its force—they were bound to tell and that the Mexicans would receive the refugees. It
them, that although they did noLsend to Africa for slaves, was. on those grounds that the Americans receive!
they did a great deal worse, for they kept farms for breed- Texas into their holy alliance. It may be said that Il
ins slaves, and when they became fit for labour, sent them sptak too- strongly of the North American States, but ,
off 500 or 1,000 miles ; separating the infant from its me- thinkafter the language of my Learned and esteemed Friena,
Cher, and the husband from his wife, precisely the same as what falls from me is mitigated and mild, fit for tea an!
cattle was bred in England.—(Strong expressions of indig- tracts. I do not mean to involve in one corntace
nat:on.) Yet these men asserted to themselves a high censure the entire of America—Joseph Sturge says there
character for their love of freedom ; and he regretted to are 1,346 Abolition Societies in that country, and I VIo
say, that notwithstanding all their exertions the slave trade these the utmost meed of my loudest praise. They are the
was still on the increase. He trusted, however, they apostles of freedom and liberty, the bold and uncomprornisi
would persevere in their exertions until slavery was entirely friends of the human race, who dare to be virtuous and grbe
abolished. No mortal tongue could tell the horrors of the in spite of the horrible tyranny and cruelty of those etre'',
slave-trade as at present carried on, and one or two cious savages who insti:uted " Lynch statute" to murder st"
instances in that point would suffice. In one vessel 200 who venture to own themselves the friends of freed°.
slaves had died, and by the last advises from Jamaica a Above all, the ladies of America, I understand, are taking e
slaver was wrecked on the coast—the slaves were inane- strong and active part in the cause of humanity'
cled, and not a single soul was saved, although the master (Cheers.) But, sacred Heaven, can anything announce
and crew reached the shore in safety. These demons had the barbarity of the Americans so much as this sire/
not the feeling to attempt the rescue of one single un- fact that the ladies of Boston itself, not a slavehotailli
fortunate individual ; and this was the trade which Por- State, called a meeting! They met ; a lady was appoiltte"
tugal, whose co-operation had been purchased by English to the chair, and they were proceeding to form an abolitioa
money, carried on in defiance of treaty after treaty. lie society, whin they were broken in upon and insulted, their
was happy to think that they had a right to search and lives being actually in danger—and wit
take slaves under the Portuguese flag, and until it came outrage ? American " Gentlemen.' I wish they had here
to that, that execrable trade would be never put an end to, men, for they would not have done it. American " Gen
Let o committed tP`.-
Let not the feeling of that hour be dissipated and lost— melt" alone could commit this barbarous and unheard.°
let them be thankful-for what had been done, and receive outrage, upon those whom it is the duty of every one *°,l
it as an incitement to more energetic endeavours, and admire, and of every one who has a heart to love.-41.4t
more fixed determination, and let it be the glory and pride and continued cheering.) They had not hearts 11",..r
of the British nation to accomplish all those promises which heads—they were a disgrace to their sex and specters
had been held out to the world, and to enforce for and I blush for being a man when I hear of suchat",,,
their nation by all lawful means the abolition of that traffic outrage. The other day in Philadelphia what bar
which no man pretending to an atom, not of Christianity pened—a city that was built in order to proclaim
r-or
alone, but of common honesty or truth, or common hu- brotherty love and charity, free from the taint jo
inanity, had ever. yet dared to defend.—(Loud cheers.) slavery ? A hall wes built at coriderable expenee',l,o
He begged to thank them for the kind hearing they had which persons of colour and whites were in
given him—his principle motive in coming there was to pay habit of meeting, A- brutal mob, a well dressed 1n°"...,
his humble testimony to the undaunted courage—the de- the " Gentlemen" of Philadelphia, assailed she building t
termined resolution—the powerful and unshaken principles the persons within narrowly escaped with their lives
of his honoured and excellent friend, Joseph Sturge, the building was set fire to and destroyed. And think thes'
which not merely led him to encounter the difficul- not that the loud voice of indignant 'England will not 133 s
ties, and forego the comforts of his own home, across the Atlantic, and that the wretches who committee
.4
by going to the West Indies, bat to do much more those atrocities will find that our voice of indignation ',
in persevering unmoved and unshaken against the too strong for them ? What is the nature of American slavery;
cold feeling of the House of Commons—in urgincr. Iris That man is a chattel, the property of his owner, and th°,
suite when his representations fell without effect on the un- it is a crime to teach him to read or write. In N°l.ji,
nev e lashes hseh
sa slave
deveimnptrhiseonßmi,.!bnlet, was unishau-
willing car of tiic British Leoislature, and at last, by dint Ca-olinarttyo_ng
of constant energy, baying brought' about that consumma- with thi
or It a in
tion which God had granted, and which they had now met he was liable to be fined two hundred pounds• hie
to celebrate.—(Loud and greet cheering.) .p
Georgia to teach a slave to write, was
The Rev. THOMAS MoRGAN seconded the resole- by whipping and fines at discretion, so that In
a
tion. He observed that the meeting was remarkable father mght be flogged for teachlip, his child to read•
on many accounts—the text differed very much from the Louisiana the punishment was one year's imprisonlnel'e
sermon. They were cautioned not to be too sanguine ; Could anything be more atrocious than such a sYste7o,
but the last speaker, if his a:lvice was to be followed, ought It is said that Congress has no power to prevent -in
to have withheld some of his strong and eloquent facts. They But even in Colombia, where the city of Washington le
felt assured, from what had latelyoccurred, that vietoryafter placed, no man could call himself free for a si°4 ee
victory must succeed until the whole field had been won. hour. Free,- under their atrocious slave laws !
The cheers with which they had received the Act of Honourable and 'Learned Gentleman here' read se'ils
Parliament, an extract from which the Hon. Member for extracts front the work of a Mr. Abdy, detailing .',3e
Leeds had read, would Melee one to believe that it had horrors, a,:d cruelties of some of the Amerle' of
been but recently passed, but they should not forget that s ave-owners, rrea proceeded.) Is this a la"i ad
it was passed in 1833—that it was printed in letters of Christians or human beings, or or have.the hyenas
W3ity
silver and gold, and that it had turned out to be so much tigers of the desert congregated and obtained the .% ?
waste paper. After some further observations the Rev, of speech in order to perpetuate horrors of this descriPtl°ies
Gentleman concluded by seconding . the resolution, which Men of England, I address you. Are these of your sceteire
was carried unanimously. or kind who psrpetrate these cruelties ? And take o°,ch
Mr. O'CoNNELL then came forward,' and was received that these have occurred in the eaeital of the empire, w`',.ll -
with great enthusiasm. He said—l came 110 miles to- was built for the establishment ()I' republican institutl°,);
day, to tell you news.—(Hear.) You have heard it before What do we want? That into slavery we should thro" 'as
in some parts, but I have the entire story to tell you. The American ingredient, and make it impossible that thesetello
first part is, that you have paid twenty millions of money— sters should be tolerated in any European State. Shall
the second is, that you are now getting value for it. You told that their Legislature is open to petitions and address
are getting value for it ; for after all, no quantity of money mark tire fact—some petitions were presented at the
can be the value, although it may be the price, of liberty. Congress against slavery, but they enacted a rule that "ti,
—( Much cheering.) The last time I had the honour to mail should be allowed to speak when presenting a lie,re
address a meeting at Birni ingliam, I told you you were tion for the emancipating the negroes, and they •
of
swindled, and up to that time you were. I repeated placed upon the table in silence and unread.—(o°'-oi
that assertion in London and other places ; and at " Sherrie,' shame.") The rule was as foolish as it
last honest John Bull began to, think that he was cruel, for there are sixty anti-slavery, men in '"';: ir e
swindled.—( Hear, and a laugh.) That is a position which gress who won't present petitions to have "-it;e
Englishmen do not like to be placed in—when they give 1 a,scd in silence, but petitions to have tire ..
're,
their honest money, they wish to get honest value for it, reap ieded, and 'they will then be able to argue on thearer
and small blame to them—and -accordingly the people of sei di o" that rule, quite as well as if tl e rule was e'hel
England aroused themselves, from one end of the king- made ;at least if they are agitators of my description, one
dom to the other, aye, and the people of Ireland aroused will soon find that out. I came here for two pureoses, aid
themselves.—(Cheers.) The Ministry were compelled to to rouse your indignation acetinA America, and if it sloe
yield to that cry—all the colonies that had Legisiatures that the Americans learned this traffic front England' f'
passed Emancipation Acts. In the Crown colonies, some them now folio N her example. She has set a glorious ta,
of them he knew are already passing Emancipation Acts, aorple,
.and believe me the West Indies cannot et'd
and I have the fullest reason to assure you that you , tithe eight hundred thousand free blacks, and America IcebL,‘
may confidently believe the Crown and chartered colonies - twice that number in slay ery. The hour is condert woee
have received peremptory orders to lass Emancipation America will regret her conduct in t ars of blood. or
Acts.—(Cheers.) I call them Emancip:tion Acts for duty terni.ins to us, and that is loudly to proelailliee
apnrenticeship was only slavery with a longer name, so hetr.l end execration of that pretended friend of free`.°lJ
that only to-day Emancipation had commenced throughout who has given such horrible proofs f her •eY 3 r
o inecusistGo 1101)
ov at what has been effected in our own
the British territories, and the sun which was row setting le u'ality. My next purpose was to rejoice with a
in the West India Colonies, was setting over people who J
were slaves yesterday. I have another fact to tell you, " °This is the day the Lord bath made, let us rejeiee, ll° ire
and my friend, Joseph Sturge, admitted it—yeu have done belltd." On t:ris day the negro will rejoice, for aialie
nothing at all yet, because so long as there remains any longer shudders when he sees his children pass °Ytiesh
thing to do, nothing has been done.--(Hear, and a laugh.) no longer feels that horrible creeping of the „eth
a.
he real doctrine of agitation, anal lam a thoroughei- when he sees them growing up into manhood and strerare
tator, is this—to be always beginning, and so much remains from the conviction that they must either Cill-nter
vet to be begun upon that we have done nothing, until the lash as himself, or be sold to some distant l'•„3tlier
wu see the restofthe job enmpletell.—(He,r.) If we away -from his father and his family. The 111" her
relax our efforts the hill-coolies will be brougiA back. no longer weeps when she hugs her youngling to
`c,
It was our agitation which repeated the order in Coon- breast, but rejoices teat it is no longer a s„.- to
cil which permitted them to be exported. If we relax, but a creature delighful in her infancy, and pronr:si'Alerl
the planters of Jamaica and other islands will take care be her protector in her old age.—(Much cheering.) —ll
not, perhaps, to pass slavery laws, but only jaws against to England that she gave her immense wealthfor
vagabondizing and wandering. about—laws to regulattetbe purpose, and glory to Scotland who stood by her in
manner in which the negroes should conduct themselves. and, notwithstanding any approach that may attach Sal the
We have done nothing unless we continue our anti-slavery I will add glory to Ireland. My friend Joseph the
agitation, and take care that the victory we have wont is said, and said well, that if I had the votes ofsastioei
worked out. in its fullest extent for the perfect and Irish Members, I would have given them for emane'r't
be
thorough freedom of the men who were heretofore I know we have been taunted for one default, but lett:in
slaves, and who owe to you the rising day star of remembered that when Wilberforce first brougl:..radet
their liberty.—(Hear, and cheers.) The order in Coun- his Bill for the Abolition of the Slave rj
t"
oil is rescinded—the hill-coolies are not to be brought over, Pitt supported the motion, and for seventeen
and we have had a narrow escape from a new species of it was the only point on which they were del"ioe;
slavery, 'for a Bill had passed the House of Ldrds to le- When the Whigs came into office in 1806, and diels 10,.°
galise the slavery of these men. One clause, I confess, trade was abobslred, the majority of the -t irR"
astoniehed me not a little—for it passed the Bench of Scotch Members were against abolition. rt ile vvas
Bishops—a clause authorising and requiring the Glad- Members voted for abolition, and that abolitioil atn,
stones and other pious Gentlemen to maintain Chapels and carried. So that if upon a late occasion, (and ad'
places of worship for the idolatrous Hintloos they were to not here to vindicate or explain the conduct of 'T ort a
bring over.—(llemr, hear.) We have escaped all that, but leegnes—they were defeultere—they made up the lineoov
the igit."o
look at our East India possessions, and I rejoice to hear, the former occasion.—( Hear, hear,) I have,t the,
eloquent advocate of the cause of Liberty pledging him• sonic sturdy Scotch writers abuse the Irish, hu 000
self to bring the case of East India slavery before the forsot that the Scotch Members voted the 1)(4
House next Session. Will he allow me to have the way—row I s iy, Justice to Ireland.—(checriag•)e ;de)
honour of seconding him ?—(Loud and continued cheers.) us rally together, and let bv-goncs be by-goner, arid seairalc,r
It is not alone the slavery of 2,000,000 of human beings, %yid work most strenuously to carry out the rei°
but of the hundred millions of human beings, who suffer of the etnaecipatien.—(
not le and
the degrading slavery of leaving no title to their land, no could at choose to emancipate the Crown .
_erfe •,
right to their houses—no species of permanent property— tercd colonies ; and I have no doubt they would cheer Cheers.) The Queen's Gover' or"
because this maladministration of the British Government do so. When I heard that Dr. Mac Duff; or Nacluo, aritY'
in India had left them beggars in their native land ; and been converted into a christian I will have the ;
when the last despatches had come away; they were to take even a Christian of that description, and k t the
Pe • •
rishine by hundred of thousands by famine ; the streams not that similar conversions will arise through." their
were polluted by their carcases, the air . was infected by islands, the •
plenters rivalling each other la tile,
the corruption, and famine stalked through the land, which professions of anxiety for the emancipation. °I. t ae°
but for British tyranny and misrule would be fertile and negro.—(Cheers.) l'ais day should be an carol, tlere
abundant. We have got more to do, we. are only be- for one, lam only beeinnine. It rimy be
said, hoov
ginning the fight ; but we have the power of British an insignificant individual like myself attempt t
