.7
/7 --7)
(z - /( ,
//I( ( / (---' ( k---' _ IE- (_e_ - -7--/ ,
/ .....,-..-• /1 . ie-- - _ -- le)
a--,,,t__
ifrs .._ i___..----- .iik
\ . i. -
, • 7
~., . . . .
! satisf i a
GREAT REFORM MEETING AT A-- a./....it::_01111, t_
• .
CHESTER ON M()NDAY. . ..,,.. .-.... -'"*.,-.
.. . IftVl- ::(ft l'• 4-5) . , ....
.7)2,„: , : ;ht fo ''1"" ''.
.1- =7 - -‘
( tr' no st OUR OWN REPORTER:) •
/ - ) altik.,4t!lii .••
(- - - ilk__V" IF \ocp - ..; . a 111 - •• , . PAY ' , !9r
The excitement that prevails in Manchester on the die- . i -w,--..' . ''...e.,-•`-‘,. ..:-`- ------,---:A\ ' .1., —0..----- , aft,,...-7, • 4;.,...t, *r-
ut rous turn which political affair' have taken is beyond \..., _-,e;:t, tosiabil--,,,,/ 0 _.. t N -1,.., 4 v..4,--,,, - :...Is,
( ' ''. .
'' ',red • '''' 7'."?s7,te"
,'7s'r
all precedent. The wi:dow of a great number of trades- - 7 \v; • "P Co, i.--'" ~ ---,'/ \. •• . '
. e i,„,,,„,:tek".0, . - --<4 -----,-7143,-,. - mita .. .11. `!`•kt ' '
men and shopkeepers are plicardrd with the following an- - - ,-_--,...: ' .:- Nek .. s-,0, .... `1!. ~ , . . 1:2. 4.--,,' '
'l-, , ... A., ,
.0".• -.. . . ;: :,,, . .
. .
. , .
nouncement : ( ' ' - - ._- -- - b ✓t - 1 ----1. ,•%, .. --41!A A'o'- . 9' ' 1,4..1M/it., ~ / ~..1.---- ' .'''...
..,4,
i '4. - =.l -, ~„
i,
.1' % ,6. it -..,„0 ..,,,, A- , 'OA c tw:. , 40, ~ 4/, i -4, TO Whit ,! • •••..r. 4011'
* S'l_ • .1... -W-'4IOL, ' i -04 ./, • ../ ,rj , 'I-, '' t•-__--- "-.6 ' Ali, •
He kn. ' s .., .1 BA
lIILTO 41111te.*OM . lith4ll
migo3, ..;-7---_,_ ,-43.
'lila ~110-,- ler, the education, and the Arse

end of forty year., broug
more complete, and more
be did in 1792 or 179:
knew the time had arri'
longer be deceived and ins'
presentation.—(Cheers.)
end to those foul ulcers
had alluded. —(Applause.)
come when the intelligence
of the people of England demanded a more enlarged and
powerful voice in the choice of their rettresentativ,s.—
(And will have it! exclaimed the multi,ade.) Mr.
Currie then gave a detail of date views and actions of 'eve•
ral of the leading anti-Reformers. He wonld now add a
few words by way of caul-air. It must never be for•
gotten, in thinking of that qeestion, that the anti-Re-
formers would have stood still, with their hands folded
before them, to all eternity, and never stirred one step ex-
cept against their will. What they had conceded they
conceded because they could not help it.—(Cheers and
hisses.) This was and alw 'vs had been their plan, to
give nothing till they could not ,ovoid it, and then to let it
he as little as possilole.—(Cheers.) There were some who
said they were for a large measure, but why were they
for it? Because, will lie, ni.ll he, they must give • it.—
(Loud cheers.) He would, therefore, ask them, who they
•• ould have, men who had all along teen friends to 'hat
measure, or men who had been reluetaotly lot red to yield
it by the voice, or should he say the which they
could no longer withstand ?__(Laugher and cheers.)
Mr. BROCKLEBANK, in seconding the motion, said the
people ought to be grateful to Lord Grey for bringing for-
ward the Reform Bill so early in its present share, and
most particularly for the disfranchisement clause, the most
important part of the Bill, to compare witli which the en-

" NOTICE.
" No taxes paid here until the Bill be passed unrnutilated. Ito
peaceable, but be determined."
Numbers of others, who do not make this public an-
nouncement, have a firm and settled determination to resist
payrraelit of taxes for the present, and the resolution to
have Reform is expressed in the most unequivocal manner.
Immedi itchy after the news of the defett of the Grey Ad-
ministration, placards, emanating from some of the most
respectable of what is termed the radical class in this town,
appeared upon the walls, calling a meeting to be held this
day on the ever-memotalile plains of Peterloo. The
announcement of the resignation of Ministers caused
such a display of political feeling as was never
before witnessed in this or in any other Owl,.
In the apace of a few hours, a highly respectable
meeting of merchants, manufacturers, and others, was he'd
in the Town-hall. A petition to the House of Commons
to stop the supplies was resolved upon. This petition
received 25,000 signatures, and in little more than 24.
hours from the receipt of the news of the t esignation of
Ministers in Mancl ester, a deputation was in London
bearing this all-important petition. What took place ota
the presentation of the petition, the readers of The Sun
will be familiar with, having appeared in the report of
Friday night's debate. In the mean time, active measures
were being taken in the town to strengthen the prayer of
that petition, by securing a great attendance at the meet-
ing of to-day. The following placard. were plentifully
posted upon the walls of the to.vn.
" MEETING ON REFORM.

(N 0.12.379.)

LONDON, NVEDNESDAY EVEN 1N(;, MAY 16, 183°2.

( PRICE 7D.)

which would be propo,ed to the meeting. He next
served, th,t, on the last occasion when he had the honoto
,if meeting the people in that square, he had asked them
simple question : that question went to their hearts, .and
he never should forget the unanimous voice in which they
answered it. That question was, " Had we not then al,
honest Minister ?" He now asked them, whether th,-!.
wished to change that Minister?—(Loud cries of We
do not !) He further asked them, whether they wished
to see the Duke of Wellington at the head of the Govern
went ?—(No, no; followed by hisses and groans ) But
I am going to open all your eyes wider than they were
opened before.—(A laugh.) If the Duke of Wel-
lington takes office, and, for my part, I have no doubt
he has taken it already, as I have a letter from a par
ticular frii.nd of yours, my father,—(Cheers,)—in which
he states, that the Duke has kissed the King's hand
on his acceptance of office.—(Great indignation and
hissing.) But I have still further to open your eye,.
If the Duke of Wellington takes office, it is my firm
belief, that it is his intention to bring forward a new

Reform Bill, and to pass it.—(Hissing.) Now if you
can trust a man who, but a short time ago, publicly de-
clared that he would oppose all Reform, it is more than I
can do. I was censured for some observations I made,
the last time I met you here, on the Noble Doke, and,
perhaps, I was not justified in then going so far as I
Rut, now, there is not a word of which I repent.—(Loud
cheers.) 1 then told you, that the Duke's object, in a
speech which he had recently delivt red, was to get himself
and his friends into place again. And I now say, if that
Noble Duke, as he is called, should, after having ejected
the present Ministry, take office and carry Reform, such
political ♦enality and hasenPet never were acted bA,re in
the living world.—(Cheers.) The Noble Lnrd con-
cluded by requesting the attention of the meeting to the
speakers who wou:d address them.—(Loud cheers followed
his Lordship's speech.)
Captain CoLguirr then stood forward to move the first

7ranchisement clauses can !:e deenee I of se.: or4sry consi-
deration only. It would be better to have 400 repress- -
•atives, honest and unalloyed, than 5 or 600, with so base
an alloy as is infused into the reiiresentation means of
nomination boroughs, or, more properly sp. eking, rotten
bornuehe. I have, from local and other circumstances,
been led, since capable of ri fl..ction, to pay a ime attention
to politics, and to the public char ,cter of those who hews)
been constantly presenting themselves on the stage, and
know of none who stead higher in elm...arr. than Lord
Grey, always the ads 'mate rit the Wei tiee and the rights
of the people, and, at the battle time, curefol to preserve the
just prerogative of the crown awl eie aristorracv, neither
of which cart be held for other purposes ti en the public
benefi,. Than Lord Althnrp, Lori' Gootrielt, and the rest
of hue colleagues, honest or leezer m n, I lielieve, .to not
exist, and they want hut a Refornod l'arliament ,o be able
to arrange around them men of basineise aid of practical
knowledge, from all parts of the unite-it kieg.lonn to
condu-t the affairs of the piih ic,. witb er,oit to lierne
serve and benefit the Coutreat is i ll the Duke of
Wellington the glaring inconsisteeeira of hie coneuct.
Can he be interested with the coni!net of the 11.1..ern
Bill who, avowedly arid directly, has ale:, vs beeu opposed
to all Reform ? How long it it tao since tie nearly turned
out of office the honour bile, the inealuebie reprce nt.tive
of this borough, his only crime that or. ao honest
and consistent vote for the disfrenchieertient of Eat Ret-
ford, and transferring the franchise to Birmingham e How
long is it ago since his memorable decta:aeeri that the
present corrupt state of representation was the best
that could possibly be devised? lie, co doubt, meant, Inc
the vile and detestable oligarchy, who have so lone fattened
on the public. How keg is it ago since the same faction
virtually and successfully opposed Catholic Emancipation
when attempted by the lamented Mr. Canning, but no
sooner in power, than it was bound expedient to carry the
measure ? Can we then, I say, desert our friends, or in-
trust this same Duke cf 'Welliiigtou and his party with
the conduct of this Reform Bill, to whom all have sliown
themselves so decidedly hostile, hitt will now, no doubt,
in order to weaken opposition and divide the people, pro-
fess themselves ready to etant an eflici:nt Reform ? I
have only to say, beware of stratagem ; for it is evident,
that the present actcrs consider this as justifiable in politics
as in war. If it were not en, why Lave they nest already
passed the Bill? Take car we are not plunged into foreign
war, or get rid of the question, as w .s the case in 1793.
Colonel Wur.taats, in moving the next resolution, said
it was difficult, from the rapidity with whirl. one event
folleiwed another, to know what to say, or even what to
think. However, they had enough to know that a most
determined conflict impeuded, on one side of which were
10,000,000 of people, and on the other 150 men, a little
lower than the angels to be sure,—(Great laughter and
cheers)—but still having so much of the frailty of man-
hood about them as to deserve the reprobation of iiteir
fellow-creatures.—(Cheers.) They nould not doubt,
however, from the state of the wl.i!s, which way the
struggle would terminate.—(Loud cheers.) The gallant
Colonel then proceeded to enumerate a bl ,ck list of peers
and pensioners, which, he said, he had met with lately,
and gave an account of their salaries and their merits.
There was among the number that old baggage the
Duchess of Newcastle, who had,—(The Chairman here
rose abruptly, and called out to the meeting, that he gave
up all his relations for them to say what they like! about
them. )—(Cheers.) Colonel Williams continued, and said
as their Noble Chairman had confessed that the Duchess
of Newcastle was his aunt, he should no longer call her an
old baggage.—(Cheers.) Whatever the s;-.s ,it the leinily
might be, he maintained, that their Noble Chairman and
his family bad redeemed them all.—(Loud applause.) Bat
the Duchess of Newcastle was at that moment—there was
a report abroad that she had given it up, hut he believed
that to be a fallacy—in the receipt of 7001. a y-ar, which
they contributed to pay.—(Cheers.) The resolution he
had to propose embodied the most effectual way. They
must recommend to the House of Commons to stop the
supplies; and he had no doubt that, when once their sup-
port was removed from beneath them, they would fall
from their _place as the sword of Ferdinand fell from
his hand at the incantation of Prospero.—(Cheers.) He
concluded by moving the resolution.
Mr. AUXIN s-conded the motion. He said they were
going to take the best possible steps to accomplish their
object, and one which was pe,fectly conatitutional. If,
however, that should not he sufficient, the Constitution
afforded them another, which was to refuse their own
taxes.—(Cheers, and cries of We will !) He attri-
buted the present position of the people of England to
the unjust opposition they had met with, and ihistrated
his opinion by the examples of the ancient Barons, and
King John,
iibinent
of the Parliament
he
Church of
of
Scotland,
thehe First, s t thee
oe,
s tra eftot
rabld
in our own history, mid of Polignac in that of France,
and, finally, declared that the refusal to transfer the fran-
chise of East Retford and similar plum to Birmingham
and other large towns, and other resistance to their legiti-
mate desire for the correction of abuses, had driven the
people of England to take up a more determined position
and bring them nearer to the achievement of a better sys-
tem than if they had at first been listened to with proper
attention.—(Cheers.) If the occurrences he had men-
tioned had been lost upon their rulers, and their eyes had
been blinded even to their own experience, it was time
they were met by more rigorous rneasures.—(Chterin)
Col. WILLIAMS informed the meeting that it was of the
utmost importance that the petition should be sent off to-
night, and be presented in London to-morrow, as there
was a rumour abroad that the House of Commons was to
be dissolved and then prorogued. He then proposed that
the Chairman should sign the petition and the address on
the part of the Meeting.
Mr. FITZSIMONS, a schoolmaster, who stood in the
crowd, objected that in this case the petition ei,eild merely
be considered as that of the person who signed it.

" The Inhabitants of Manchester will meet in St. Peter's.fleld
on Monday, at twelve o'clock, under the requisition already
published, for the purpose of taking into consideration the best
means of supporting the petition to the House of Commons, sent
on Thursday night from Manchester, to stop the supplies till the
Reform Bill be passed unmutilated."
" ALL HANDS ALOFT.—THE CRY IS, EITHER NOW
OR NEVER.

" It is particularly requested, that the shopkeepers, manufac-
turers, and masters of Manchester, will close their shops, mills,
and warehouses, on Monday the 14th of May, 1831, in order
that every man may have an opportunity of attending the meet-
ing, which is to be held on Peterloo, for the purpose of devising
the most judicious measures to he acted upon at the present mo-
mentous crisis, and the utility of withholding all supplies.
"By order of the Council of the Political Union of the Work
ing Classes."
Some paltry knot of individuals, however, for, whether
truly or not we cannot say, the Tories as a body disown
any knowledge of the proceeding, have been endeavouring
to stifle this intended expression of public feeling, and as a
counterpoise to the preceding placard, have issued the
following :
" All hands at home. The cry is harmony, peace, and good
will. Inhabitants of Manchester, Keep away from Pcterloo on
Monday. The King, the patriotic King will call to his Counsel
anre her Ministry, one who will bring forward and pass a Reform
811 l without delay, a Bill which will confer upon every man his
just and natural rights. Keep therefore to your shops, your
mills, your warehouses, and your families. Do not be deluded
by either Whigs, Tories, or Demagogues, their only object being
to create anarchy and confusion for the promotion of their own
selfish ends."

resolution. Gentlemen, and brother Reformers, your Com-
mittee, elected at the last meeting here by yourselves, hav-
ing done me the honour to place me in the chair in the
absence of our excellent friend, Mr. James Braneker, I
have to announce to you, that, from the rnoneent we heard
the account of Lord Lyndhurst's trickery in the Lords to
dee it the great principles of the Reairtn Bill, we assembled
together, and determined upon calling this meeting, and
prepared six resolutions, which will be submitted to you
for your judgment and decision.—(Here Captain C. read
the first resolution, and continued.)—lf you pledge your-
selves to this resolution, you will oppose every innovation
of that Bill which was so gloriously carried in the House
of Commons. As the Noble Lord, our chairman, has
said, our enemies have dared to say. that there has been a
reaction ; that, in fact, like themselves, you do net know
your own minds, and care nothing about the passing of the
Bill ! Is it so ?—(No, no !) I thought act. Falsehood
is not the only vie. they have to answer for : to preset-%e
their usurpations they have been guilty of almost every
species of delusion. Reaction, indeed ! Does this presence
of the thousands here prove it ? No, no. It is the free action
of the people which, like the waves of the ocean, have gone
on with a continuous roll, until it has become irresistible.
Brother Freemen ! I address myself particularly to you. By
the first Reform Bill which passed the Commons, and so
unceremoniously kicked out of the Lords, the franchise, as
now enjo3ted, was to cease with your own lives and those f
your children born at the time the Bill should have passed
into a law, so that, when your wives shall have rejoiced
that a man is born into the world," you may rejoice that
lie is born a freeman. This right being reserved to you,
will you not assist your fellow-townsmen in obtaining
the object of their wishz4,—their inalienable rights as
Britons ? Brother Reformers! the boasted freedom of
Englishmen is but a name; nor will you ever enjoy your
liberty until the Reform Bill, with its provisions and
principles, as passed by the Commons, shall have passed
both Houses, and received the signature of your Sovereign.
I have, in other countries, made use of language and
freedom of conduct, for which, had I done so in this, I
should have been referred to some gagging-bill and put into
prison. Gentlemen, the language of the Reformers has
been decried as intemperate, and some words uttered from
this place have given great offence to the delicate feelings
of Anti-Reformers; but what think you of the language
of that man whom Mr. O'Connell so happily designated by
a quotation from Shakspeare,

As this Meeting, though originating from respectable
individuals, was avowedly intended to be joined by the
class of Radicals who have hitherto not been very mild in
their conduct and derneanout, the authorities of this town
were rather apprehensive tbat the exasperated feelings of
the multitude might boil over, and some injury to the par-
sons and property of those individuals who were known to
be adverse' to their rime, might possibly take place.
They, therefore, took every necessary precaution to pre-
serve the peace of the town, by calling out all the specisl
constable* and military, stationing them in convenient
flocks, to act in case of need. Almost immediately before
the time of the Meeting to commence, individuals were
found to be plentifully circulating the following insidious
placard amongst the people in the principal streets of the
town :

" MEN OF MAN-CHESTER,
Do not let the King, whom you have idolized, suspect you to
' be a headstrong, ungovernable, and worthless race of beings—
Let him see that you are peaceable, deliberate, and judicious.
Do not let him compare you to a ripe and ready bridegroom,
who would sun amuck at all he meets, because, forsooth, he
cannot get what he wants the first time of asking ; but let him
see that you can act dispassionately and discreetly, AS VrISE AND
coop MEN ; that you are not weak enough to suffer your senses
to be stolen away by any party or faction, be it Whig, Tory.
or Radical. Compel his Majesty, by your conduct, to respect
and rank you amongst the rational and thinking part of the
community.—Show to him, in this most trying moment, that
your judgment can rein your passions. Be quiet for a time, and
all will yet be well. Be otherwise, and you will retard that

Which you seek to get. Recollect Rome was not built in a day."
During the morning a conference took place in the
Committee-room of the Town hall, between the gentle-
men who had called the meting and delegates from the
♦arious bodies of working people in the town, as to the

course to he pursued at the meeting. Many were for
going to the full extent of universal suffrage, annual PAr-
liaments, and vote by by ballot, but the more moderate
party, by strong argument., as to the necessity of only
endeavouring to obtain at piesent what there was a proba-
bility of being got, and by consenting to the introduc-
tion of an address to the King, in which the right of all

" The prince of darkness is a gentleman,
Wetherall by name and BotheralL"—
That man, whom you cannot mistake, and whom the great
bard, who knew all strange characters, must have had in
his eye, is reported to have said, on the people's wish and
Lord Grey's proposal to the King, to create Peers and
insure the passing of the Bill, that it was " concealed vil-
lany under the insidious pretext of liberality." Now, I ask,
did you ever hear language more insulting than that, or
any thing more offensive, as used to the advocates of the
people's rights ? Edmund Burke, no great lover of the
people's freedom and rights, said, " Let us break the
cords and snap the chains that tie us to an ungrateful
shore, and enter the friendly harbour that shoots out its
moles and jetties to receive us !" And what were these
moles and jetties but the arms of the people ?—(Cheers.)
Though the Lords have dismasted, they have not sunk us :
it is not, in the service I belong to, a natural consequence,
that the dismasted ship is cap•ured ; and shall we suffer
ourselves to be taken? No.—(Cheers.) Our Commander-
in-Chief is wounded, but not mortally; not by the sword
of the enemy, but, alas ! by the bodkin of his bosom friend !
—I will not entertain any other opinion of my Sovereign
than that he will return to the deck and continue the fight
with all hie officers, and remain with us until victory shall
bave crowned our efforts and made us free. You will all,
I am sure, make allowances for the influence of a fond wife,
though I by no means recommend to you to submit to
petticoat governruent.—(Laughter.) Gentlemen, I have
told you before, that Lord Wellington's declaration made
me a Reformer, and I am sure his conduct will continue
me one to the end of my life.—(Cheers.) Men will triumph
over systematical slavery, if they determinedly oppose
themselves to it. Gentlemen, you must be firm, resolute,
and determined, and never cease to address the King and
petition the Commons, but not the Lords : no, after the
manner they have trampled upon your rights, you will not
petition them. Adhere to the provisions and principles
of the Bill ; let nothing deter you from obtaining it ; " Do
this and tread upon the Greek and Roman name." I now
apologize for the time I have detained you, and, thanking
you for your patience, take my leave.
Mr. Jessie Evewar seconded the resolution. He ob-
served, that the late Ministry were justly popular because
they had brought forward a measure of Reform. The
Duke of Wellington was once more in office, and, it was
said, be would concede Reform. But did men gather
grapes from thorns ?—(cheers.) He had no personal
attachment te Earl Grey, nor any personal hostility to the
Duke of Wellington ; he merely retarded them in their
public capacity. But when he reflected that Earl Grey
was an honest reformer, and that the Duke of Wellington
had made a public declaration against all Reform—a decla-
ration which caused his downfall, he never wished to see
the Duke minister again.—(Cheers.) It might be said
that the Duke would now carry Reform. He carry
Reform ! It is the people that will carry Reform, in spite
of him—(cheers.) Much had been said about a creation
of Peers; but when it was considered that above two
hundred Tory Peers hid been created within the last firty
years, it was high time that the balance of parties should
be redressed, and by the creation of a large number 01
liberal Peers--(Applause.)
The Chairman then put the resolution, which was
carried by an unanimous show of bands.
Mr. W. W. CURRIE, in moving the second resolution,
said, with great deference and submission, be would state,
that their Noble Chairman had not spoken of the extent
of the meeting with his usual accuracy. lie ha I been in-
formed, by a person who was well qualified to judge, that
there were not fewer than from 14 000 to 15,000 persons
assembled before them.—(Cheers.) One of the moot grr.te-
ful duties which a grateful heart had ever te perform, was
to express gratitude to those to whom it was due. if ever
there were men who deserved the thanks, the heartfelt
gratitude of the British people, they were due to the late
Ministry and to those Members of the House of Commons
and the House of Peers who had so nobly done their duty
and stood firmly by the people and their rights.—(Loud
applause.) Among the firmest friends whom they thought
of, it was impossible, from his pre-eminent station, not to
single out, without casting any reflections upon the rest,
the noble, the illustrious Lord Grey.—(Cheers.) He
was an old man ; he could say his whole life had been
•pent in the service of the cause of Reform, and be was
sorry that he was compelled to see, even for a moment,
the cup of promised happiness which be offered to the
people dashed from their lips.—(Cheers.) It had been urged
against him, and against those who bad at different periods
brought the subject forward, that now they went ten
times further than they once did. If Lill Grey, at the

men to a share in the choice of the representatives was
admitted, secceeded in inducing the ultra-radicals to con-
sent to the mild language of the resolutions subsequently
passed at the meetine.
At twe've o'clock, the time appointed for the meet-
ing, there were assembled on the plain and its approaches,
from 60 to 70,008 individuals, which number would
have been doubled perhaps, but from the per-
. tinacity of some individuals who would not per-
mit their workmen to cease labour. As had been
previously arranged on at the private meeting at the
Town-hall, Charles Walker, Esq. the son of the
late eminent Reformer of that name, took the Chair,
amidst tremendous cheering, the hustings being sur-
rounded by bands of music and emblematical flags.
Amongst the latter were some bearing the following in-
scriptions :—" We will not live upon potatoes—those
that will not work shall not eat." " The Reform Bill or
no !applies." " The King, his Ministers, and Reform,"
with a black line struck across " the King his Ministers."
Another flag bore a representation of the Peterloo Mas-
sacre, supported on the hustings by Mrs. Fades, of
Peterloo celebrity ; and another, the portrait of the King
with his head downwards. After the dense multitude
had stationed themselves in something like order, and
silsnce was partially obtained, the Chairman opened the
' business of the meeting by apologizing for his in-
capacity to fill the arduous office they had
nailed him to, from his being totally unaccustomed
to it. After reading the placard convening the meeting,
the Chairman continued, that he had to request that in
their proceedings tl cy would be firm and unanimous, but
temperate and moderate in their language. Nothing had
ever been gained in this country by intemperance either of
language or conduct ; and it would be a disgrace to this
. town if they could-not carry on their proceedings with the
came unanimity as the people of Birmingham and London,
and other places had done. He entreated the meeting to
imitate their example, and avoid elf petty jealousies. Let
Reformers of every does and grade unite to obtain, by
just and peaceable means, their one common object.—
(Cheers. )
ROBICAT PHILLIPS, Esq. a wealthy merchant of the
town, then briefly moved the following resolution :
That this meeting has heard of the virtual loss of the Reform
Rill in the House of Lords, and the consequent resignation of
tarl Grey and his colleagues, with such sentiments as it be-
comes Englishmen to entertain, when the best interests of the
country are being sacrificed to the selfish views of a faction.
ROIEXT HYDE Gain, Esq. rose amidst great cheer-
jag to second the resolution. He said that when he
beheld the living ocean that surrounded him, he felt that
if he had a voice of thunder, it would not be more than
sufficient to make himself properly heard. Little did he
Sip-et to have met with them on an occasion like the pre-
sent. lie had flattered himself when next they met
that the country would have shaken off a part of its
bonds at least. Eighteen months of agitation and the ex-
pense and confusion of a general election, were not thought
too vouch for the attainment of this object—the " sickness
of the heart from hope deferred," was not thought too much
for the object, but still it was denied them. The Tory
faction had again wrested the power into their own hands,
but be trusted only with the convulsive strength of dying
men.—(Cheers.) They had thrown down the gauntlet; let
the people take it up, and " God defend the right."
Let the people continue to demand their rights by every
constitutional means, and let them tell those who de-
nied them those rights, that the Constitution afforded
them a means of obtaining another charter, at another
Runnymede —(Tremendous cheers.) The ignorance of
the Tories was almost unspeakable, and of this he would
give them an instance. On Thursday last, a Tory gen-
tleman, of a neighbouring county, dining with a friend, said
that he had just returned from Macclesfield, where he had
seen the news of the resignation of Ministers received by
the people with perfect indifference. He also said that he
had just sten a friend from Manchester, who had informed
him that the people there received the news with
pleasure, and this too at a moment when every eye was flash-
ing indignation, and when thousands and tens of thousands
Were rushing to sign a petition, couched in no
vary mild language—a petition which prayed to atop the
very mainsprings of all the motions of Government. It
*at from the igoorarce of the Tories that they said there
a reaction on the subject of Reform from one end of
the'couotry to another. Complete, indeed, was their igno-
Nice ! It was the duty of the people to throw out a ray of
profundity of their igno-
'iWitt that should penetrate the

Colonel WILLIAMS said that he knets, that there was
no time to be boat, and Lord Molyneux ezerd state this,
although it was signed by himself alone, it had obtained
tee concurrence of nearly 20 000 people. That was
enough to choke Lords Lyndhurst and Wellington.
Mr. T. THOKNLEY, candidate for Liverpool at the
at the last election, moved the address to his Majesty.
They could recollect that at the meeting of Reformers,
held at the Music Hall, in the spring of
of last year, he suggested, looking forward to the
hope that the Reform Bill would soon be the law of the
land, that they should erect a statue in honour •f King
William. 'We shall postpone that for the present—
and instead of which, transmit to his Majes y
an address to express our grief at the situation in
which the country is placed by the resignation of Earl
Grey and his colleagues, and that no Reform Bill less
efficient than the present will satisfy the country; and let
s
us petitionhluli
large
ryPggwesaepdar in
suem,ttn,hec;nen,
isotaitunt egisxgrfeat
tetnoohntfeahnytion,ohnger:d4,:tv)
ipahl
nael
what
against
af
thing
absurdntiaii
ntl
cghtthi
itisioees
bßrßtoete:i
Reform
r 11:
onb7l,:ef
hpß
votersaai passed.
lme.l; been
i They
it was large constituency. Liverpool, which was not ve'Y
long ago a mere fishing village, was now the second town
in the country, and if they had a large eonstituency it was
their pride and their boast—if they had 10 or 20,000
voters, so much the better. They talked of al owing en-
franchisement, but not disfranchisement. What ! was
Manchester to send two representatives, and was the little
borough of Newton to destroy the votes of !Ilanchever I y
sending two also? The thing was absurd. The present was
the greatest meeting-ever held in Liverpool ;it did tl.em
great honour, and it would have a great effect in carrying
forward the Reform Bill—they might have to meet ag +in,
to meet frequently, but they saust make up tle it
minds to do so as often as they might be required.
He trusted that the success of the Reform Bill was.cettain ;
but the House of Lords was losing ground in the tstim i-
tion of the people very noels..—{Chests.) He teall nit
