CHAAIPETRES.

• ..:E.vont Monday,
,Tuesdart• -andffil,u3daY• ' '
Progratne for June 29itebsct fibtll, tiud
Overtures—Je#,sonda, 11assaniello. Quadrilles—Lucrezia
Borghis, Krakotialt:" Pas RedoubleL-Pas des Amazonet.
Waltzes—Die Petersburgber, Tower of Lendon (first time).
Trios—" Solt Altro" (Guillaume Tell), " This magic-wove
Scarf" (Mountain Sylph). Grand March—Die Templar mid
die Juden. Selection from " Robert le Diable," arranged by
Gcdfiey, and embracing all the favourite Airs from that pope.
lar Opera.
THE GRAND BATTLE SINFONIA, written by Beeth-
oven to commemorate the battle of Vittoria, and originally per-
formed, in Iblfi, at the Theatre Royal Drury-lane, arranged
by Godfrey, expressly for this establishment, from the only
score extant, in the possession of Sir George Stuart, and vividly
describing the various incidents o ithe contest—The Assembly
—The Alareh—Forming the Lines—The Ghallenge—,The De-
fiance—The Storm March—:-Cannonading—Total Rout of the
Enemy—The Retreat—Pursuit-Grand Intrada—Shouts of the
Conquerors—Triumphal March—Songs of Victory—and Na-
tional Anthem !

During the Evening the new animated illustration of Perils
and Adventures in the Frozen seas.! Carter's " Koniarhostie,"
Erupton of Ilecla:&c. &c.
ADMISSION ONE SHILLING.

-- -
The Carnivora are fed at Five o'Closk. Concert commences
at Six.

HIGH W ATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORRO-A'.
Mornin.• 49 minutes alter 2. I Evening i3 minutes alter 3.

lhe Publication of the Evening Edition of Liz SUN corn•

menced at li unmutes after Three.

-f,-.3..,
,:,.*:::-4. ~ • . --,--%
k%,
..., ~• ,
1/4,,,,A- ..„. c":" - ..•Kf10.......,....t,,,ii.N./. . _
~.c., ,
_As.
%'..k , o •,...• ..\.•;..ikv_,..;,... . ...q,..r
i•,.........,„.„6,,; • gis.
.c,-~,,ti,,,
._
_,-...;,, . • r,.,...........z...........j Ir k
17.7-.........-
f.)'''

eiTu ',IIII+

LONDON:
MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1840.

The great majority on the Weaver Churches Bill
on Friday argues favourably for Sir R.INGLIS'S mo-
tion. The Members of the House of Commons
are quite in love with the Church, and as they have
voted a sum out of the county rates to build
churches, we can but fear that they will vote a much
larger sum from the general taxes for the same pur-
pose. That they care not one straw how they
burden, or even how they plunder the people, by
means of taxes, is obvious by their conduct as to
the Corn-laws ; and as they look to the Church
teaching the people proper submission, and so pre-
serve their power, it is to be expected that the Com-
mons will agree to Sir It. INGLis's motion. At
least we expect it. In their opinion it is impossible
to do too much for the Church. On her altars the
Parliament has already sacrificed the liberties of
Ireland, and is ready at any time to sacrifice the
liberties of England and the peace of the empire.
We anticipate, therefore, that Sir ROBERT INGLIS
will be successful when he proposes to-morrow
evening to vcre a large additional sum to the
priesthood.
It will be of no consequence to the Commons that
the Hor. Baronet has himself declared that he never
would consent to give one farthing for teaching
that as the Word of God which he believed not to
be that Word, and which principle is as valid for
the Roman Catholics and Dissenters against
Churchmen, as for Churchmen against Roman
Catholics. The House of Commons, in its love •
for the Church, and its fear for the people, will
gulp down that inconsistency, and impose a tax
on die people, and in the same breath declare that
the people ought not to pay such a tax. It is of
no consequence that the Times, the leading organ
of the Conservatives, and master of the whole hand,
without which they would be powerless, has lately
taken to ridicule the priests and the National Society,
and to speak with profound contempt of the weak
heads which Sir ROBERT INGLIS now proposes to
endow. The Tories will disregaru the Times,
thann
-
and tax the people to pay more priests,
in order to enforce political subserviency.
of
ogoan,coimiseogreuencceonstehravtati,,a,enotchyte.rn
e
iset is
tire trirva
the 1- iilleS-the Ilcrald, has lately spoken of the
priesthood as not fit to be trusted with the guar-
dianship of our cathedrals. Though the priest-
hood are Foperly deprecated even by the Conser-
vative press, they are looked on as auxiliaries by the
House of Commons, which, caring nothing for the
people, will, we are afraid, vote to-morrow night
an additional sum to extend the grasping operations
of the Church. The Liberal patty ought, however,
to muster as strong as possible, should the Tories
make a House for Sir ROBERT, and swell the'
minority—in which we fear, after the vote on Mon-
day evening, they will be left—as much as
possible.

.Among the majority on the Weaver Churches
weß see Mr. VILLIERS STUART, who

means probably, by voting to extend the
Church of England, to prove to his Catholic coun-
trymen that he is worthy of their confidence. Hav-
ing supported- a motion on Friday, on which Sir 11.
INGLIS was a teller, Mr. V. STUART will proba-
bly support Sir ItosEnT s motion to-morrow, to
tax the Catholics and Dissenters in order to increase
the power of the Anglican priesthood, and so lead
to re-enact the Catholic penal laws.

A writer in the Weekly Chronicle refers to the
observations oa the vagueness of the laws of high
treason, which we made on Thursday. He admits
their correctness, but tells us to rely on public
opinion, on the disposition of those in power, and
other similar circumstances, to prevent those laws
ever being harshly or cruelly executed. The writer
is, we apprehend, scarcely aware of the vast extent
to which this principle leads.
He acknowledges that public opinion is superior
to law, more enlightened than the law, and is much
more than the law to be relied on to secure the
peace and happiness of society and the rights of
the people. " Care nothing for the vagueness of
the laws," he says in substance ; " never mind how
petty and contemptible are the actions classed as
high treason ; it is of no importance making the
law clearer or more precise; you may leave all the
actions, which are now classed as high treason,
subject to the penalty of death, and trust to public
opinion to allow only such acts as that of Ox-
FOR D or FROST to be punished with death."
Report ascribes the sentiments of the
Weekly Chronicle to a Member of Parliament,
and if such be his doctrines, will he tell tlle public
why. should not the definition of all crimes and

their punishments, as well as high treason, be left
to the influence of public opinion, operating on
Judge and Ministers, without the mock intervention
of a law by which they are not to be guided, and
which is to be overruled and set aside by public
opinion ? If such be a Member of Parliament's
opinions, why should lie trouble himself nightly
to attend to the process of making laws which he
implies are not to be observed ? While the Par-
liament continues to enact laws—till society come
into that state described by one of the speakers at
the late Anti-slavery Convention, of repudiating
every species of enactment, and allowing each andt
every man to decide for himself, a notion which the
speaker no doubt borrowed from the practice of
Kentucky and the lands still further west—we arc

for having the laws, and particularly those disobe-
dience to which involves the forfeiture of life,
clearly defined and classified, every action being as
accurately as possible described, having as little as
possible left to the discretion of a Judge, or the
feelings of a Minister.
The writer in the Weekly Chronicle will not
think it far-fetched to suppose that the Chartists
may get the upper hand. It is probable that our
vague treason law may come to be administered by
Judges under their influence, and carried into execu-
tion by Ministers appointed under the Charter. Then
we might see no small number of the upper or middle
classes condemned to death for high treason, be-
cause they had endeavoured to restore the political
form of society which is most for their advantage.
Such a result is within possibility, and on that
ground—as well as because the flung right
and proper—we require that the law of highttr,esauscohn
should be defined, that actions in themselves almost
innocent, or only of a trifling degree of guilt,
as talking of arming in a public assembly -for a
public purpose, should be separated from such
actions as that of 'OXFORD, and sucha grievous,
injury should not be inflicted on society.,by,the
gentlemen who make laws, and rely an public
opinioir to modify and control their operation, as
jumbling together - under one term, and con-
demning -to the-.same penalties the vilest assassi-
nation, and the least guilty of conte.nplated acts of
resistance to authority. We cannot blame Mr.
KELLY more than any other Member of the House
of Commons, if he leave thelaw undisturbed, as it is,
in all its present incongruity ; but we have a right
to blame him when he- undertakes to reform it,
professes to put an end to capital punishment in
. all cases where -that is not deserved,- expressly ex-
cludes murder and high treason from- hisv Bill, and
leaves the crime of treason, which he says shall
stilt be punished • with death,, so .iiaitie—and un-
defined, that almost any political' act Which• may
offend a corrupt or high prerogative Judge, may
be punished as high treason. Mr. KELLY should
amend and settle the law of high treason before he
calls for the sanction of the present Parliament to
an enactment punishing that offence with death.

We felt considerable surprise to find Mr.
EWART's proposition for a reduction of the sugar
duties taken up wholly as a question between the
produce of free and of slave labour. We have
never so regarded it. The valuable articles on the
Sugar Marker, which appear weekly in The Sun,
and which contain a vast mass of correct informa-
tion, continually quote the price of sugar grown in
foreign countries by free labour ; and this sugar,
as well as the sugar grown by slave-labour, would
come into the country, were the duties reduced.
On the 13th instant, for example, our article on
Sugar states :
Sugars raised by free labour in foreign settlements cast
of the Cape of Good Hope commenced in the London
market from 19s. to 235. per cwt., being, quality for
quality, 235. per cwt., cheaper than West India Sugar,
and 15s. per cwt. less than the price paid by the poor
man of this country to the West India proprietors for ordi-
nary trade, admitted to home use duty free, on the pretence
that the industrious classes may supply themselves with
a cheap sweet—in reality that the indolent West Indians
may supply their pockets out of ours,
We arc enabled to compare the results of free labour
operations cheerfully carried on in the Philippine Islands,
in Siam, and in Java, against those of slave labour, vigo-
rously pursued in Cuba, in the Brazils, Porto Rico, and
the French Colonies. Muscovado Sugars of similar
finality imported from either of the places named, fetch in
the open market about 22e. per cut., from which price
must be deducted the cost of freight, landing, warehousing,
and management of sale, in order to show how much per
cwt. net proceeds the respective planters obtain. These
charges on Brazil Sugar amount to 45., on Cuba Sugar
to 55., on Porto Rico to 65., on French Sugar to 65., on
Manilla Sugar to 7s. 64., on Java to 75., and on Siam to
7s. 6d. per cwt. The Sugars from the Brazils and the
Havannah are clayed; but assuming for simplicity sake
that the cost of such manipulation are equivalent to the in-
crease?lfs
vcomputationotfh
Supplyingelld vantagesthe Cso
St. Peters-
pdeetrei vr
sc-s
prices obtained for those descriptions of Sugar, and
fmkreoei
)inlg)croeuxtcl
burgh market, we find the Brazil planter obtains 18s., the
the Cuba 175., the Porto Rico and the French 163, per
cwt. for Sugar of a given quality. The supply from these
slave-labour colonies varies with the season, their powers
of cultivation remain stagnant, the prices of their produce
(though from the considerations we have rejected they
may be much more than here stated), offer no induce-
ment fur bringing fresh land into cultivation. Manilla and
Siam Sugars yield 1-Is. 6d. per cat. net to their planters,
and Java 15s. per cwt. per cwt., which prices, although
10 and 15 per cent. loss thin those of the slave-labour
Sugars, so abundantly renumerate the proprietors of
estates, that the cultivation of the cane has been, and is
being, widely extended.
Such heing the facts of the case, with what face
can Sir S. I:IISHINGTON, Mr. O'CONNELL, and
the Morning Chronicle, decry those who wish to
sec a reduction of duty on sugar, to admit this free-
labour sugar into the market, as promoting the
continuance of slavery and the slave-trade ? It is ad-
mitted that slavery exists in the Brazils and in Cuha,
and that the inhabitants of those countries still en-
courage the slave-trade by buying sla% es ; hut, as
Mr. VILLIERS well and consistently observed, die
welfare of the people is not to be sacrificed because
there is a possibility, by doing justice to them,
that a bounty elsewhere may be given to slavery.
Mr. 'VILLIERS, as usual, took an honest and an
upright part. Why, he asked, not act in the same
way with tobacco and cotton ? But neither Sir
S. LUSIIINGTON, Mt'. O'CONNELL, the Morning
Chronicle, nor their allies, the Morning Post
and Standard, would dare to suggest that the
cotton and tobacco of the slave States of America
should be excluded from our market.

e or
In fact, the principle, whether we encouragdiscourage slavery in foreign countries by our fiscal
regulations, is a most improper basis for legislation.
Our Legislature has to look to our own people. It
holds power to promote their welfare, not to reou •
late the social condition of men in the Brazils or
in Cuba. It should look to the people at home—
it should do justice to them, at least before it seeks
to meliorate the condition of other nations. If the
principle on which Sir S. LUSIIINGTON acted
were to guide the Legislature, it must consider all
the institutions of every State, as well as the mere
existence of slavery, before it could make a
Custom-house regulation ; and, on that principle,
the predominant party in the Legislature would be
justified in insisting on putting an end to all traffic
by a Church like
bwyl!icah
A‘Niaosnairiocit,,caarnrciledolo3ll,irevvsistehda country governed
that of England. The absurd principle of regu-
lating our taxes, by the politi-1 condition of men

cn "the other sida of the globe, surpasses all the
Quixotic absurdities we have yet seen propounded '
in this aoe of legislative humbug.
Mr. Ewn Rl' showed that the present duty on
sugar took from our people between 4,000,000/.
and 5,000,0001. annually more than they ought to
pay for their sugar, in order to put that sum into
the pockets of the West India planters. Not a word
of answer was given to that statement. They are
plundered of that sum annually to force the cultiva-
tion of sugar in our own colonies. The sugar duties
are a Corn-law on a small scale, and in principle
commit a like injustice on the people. In fact they
aie a subsidiary Corn-law. They are auxiliary to
the principle of starvation. Sugar is a very
nutritive article, and were it freek imported
at a moderate duty from all the world, or
wholly free of duty, it m,ght help us to dispense
with our landlords' taxed corn. They knew that ;
and where they are not one and the same body with
the West India proprietors—as is the case with the
Duke of BUCKINGHAM, the Earl of HAREWOOD,
and other supporters of the Corn-laws—they co -
dially unite to support their combined monopoly, by
which the consumers of sugar and bread ate an-
nually plundered.
With all deference to Mr. O'CONNELL and Sir
STEPHEN LUSHINGTON, we doubt very much
whether the course they have taken is not better
calculated to encourage slavery than the course re-
commended by Mr. EWARI. As long as the
West India proprietors can, bv the monopoly
now conceded to them, get as large a sum for a
short crop as a large crop, what motives have they
fur extending the cultivation of sugar by free
labour ? They cannot cultivate sugar any longer
by slave !abbur. Their estates would be worthless
but for the monopoly, unless they were cultivated
by energetic free labourers ; and while they are saved
horn competition they arc deprived of all motives
for introducing such a class of men into the
colonies.

To have free labour they must make their pre-
sent labourers completely free. They must remodel
the society. They must give up their old pSwer.
They will not do this ; they will not introduce free-
labourers as long as they are not exposed to com-
petition ; and the sugar of our own colonies will,
in spite of the money we have given to purchase
the freedom of the slaves, be still cultivated by
men in a condition no better than that of servitude.
Our opinion is, that with such a reduction of
duties as that Mr. EWART proposed, or, still better
with a greater reduction of duties On foreign sugars,
the planters would be compelled to treat all their
labourers better, and to entice labourers from Eu-
rope (who surely can stand the climate as well as
the gentry), to cultivate sugar. They would be
compelled, by thus admitting competition, to sweep
away all the remnants of the slave code, and, most
probably, at least it is our belief, in a short time
the free labour produce of our own colonies would
undersell the slave-grown produce of the Brazils
and of Cuba, and be a more effectual means to ex-
tinguish slavery and the slaYe trade than Mr.
BUXTON's costly scheme, and Sir S. LLISHING-
TON'S unjust discriminating duty.
The first sample of free labour sugar shown in the Lon-
don market, (says the .Westminster Review,) at the same
price and quality as that of the Havannah or Brazil, would
sound the knell of the slave trade and slavery, It is a
peaceful cure. Nu cue can quarrel with us,:for growing
cotton, stigar, or coffee, at as low a rate as possible. It
is a cheap cure ; it does not require any grants of public
money, any lavish expenditure of lifev nty_naval squadron
to enforce it, It is a merciful cure; it does not involve
the increased misery and suffering which our present
system brings upon the poor African ; it requires no
Judges of mixel Commission Courts to rattle the dice
box, to ascertain whether a fellow creature is a slave or a
freeman; and, above all things, it is a cure founded on
principles that will endure for ever, without the aid of
treaties and negotiations to support them."
This consummation, which we desire as warmly

as the Chronicle, the Post, the Standard, and Mr.
O'CONNELL, never can be brought. about till
coinpetition, by an abolition of this little Corn-
law, cnmpels our planters to try what can be done
by the energies of free men.

We call the attention of our shipping readers to
a plan for providing for seamen in, the merchants'
Service in somewhat the same way as sailors in
,the
Queen's service are-provided for in Greenwieh Hos-
pital, with this difference, that one is eleemosynary
and the other is, to he ~propriettny.. We, have no
room for more at present.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Friday and Sa-
turday have reached us. They bring some interesting
news from French Africa, which will be found in an-
other column. Letters from Bayonne, of the 22d, state
that on the 20th, the Carlist Chief BALMASEDA, at the
head of a large and well-appointed force of infantry
and cavalty, crossed the Ebro near: the Puenta Lana,
after surprising and defeating two companies of the
QUEEN'S troops. His object was to join the Navarrese
Chief LEQUINA at Limpi‘v, and to attempt a rising of
the Navarrese peasantry. The following telegraphic
despatch, received by the French Government on
Friday night, and:pubiished in the official columns of the
Moniteur of Saturday, announces the speedy dissolu-
tion of the hopes of victory cherished by the Carlist
Chieftain :

" BAYONNE, JUNE 26.
" THE GENERAL COMMANDING THE 20TH MILITARY DIVI-

HON TI, THE MINISTER OF WAR,

" BALMASEDA, beaten and flying before Generals Rt-
BERA and CONCIIA, and meeting with no support in aay
quarter, will probably be forced to take refuge in France."
Private letters state that on the 24th most of the fol-
lowers of Balmaseda had taken refuge in France ; and
that Cabrera, to prevent desertion among the troops
under command, had circulated a report that ail
Spanish refugees seeking shelter in France were sent
to fight under the French standard in Africa. In the
Emancipator of Toulon we find the following para-
graph : _ _

"A negotiation has been commenced, under the aus-
pices of the French Government, with Cabrera, who at
ltngth agrees to lay down his arms, on terms of a favour-
able nature being acceded to him. The Carlist chief con-
sents to abandon the soil which he has io long desolated.
Two French battalions arc to go to a certain place on the
frontier. Cabrera and his people will then cross the
frontier and deliver themselves up."
Preparations are in progress in Paris for the celebra-
tion of the tenth anniversary of the Revolution of
July. The Archbishop -elect of PARIS, it is said, has
been consulted, and the clergy will consecrate the new
tomb of the Column of July. The remains of the per-
sons interred in the Champ de Mars, at the Pont de
Grenelle, in the Rue Froidmanteau, and the Marche
des Innocens, will be joined with those of the Louvre.
An immense funeral car will be prepared to receive the
bodies, and will proceed to the church of Notre Dame,
where a solemn service will be performed. From thence
the procession w:Il proceed by the quays and the Boule-
vard Bourdon to the column. Sentinels have been
I already placed by the column, and workmen have begun
to place the railings.
Despatches from General CoRBIERES to the War
Minister, dated the 17 inst. from Algiers, confirm the
report of an attack on the troops commanded by Mar-
shal VALLEE, on the 15th, near the Col de Terria,
mentioned in the correspondence of the Toulonnais,
published in another part of The Sun. The battle was
very obstinate, and the MansitAL acknowledges that he
lost 50 men killed, and 260 wounded. The loss of the
Arabs is stated to have been immense ; a statement
which we do not credit, inasmuch as it appears that
the French army was attacked unawares, and that the
Arab army consisted wholly of cavalry.
kiOURSE,—P
. ARIA, SATURDAY, JUNE 27.
First Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
French 5 pei Cents ll7 2C 117 40... 117 20 dO
4 por tents 10650... ,1650,.. 106 50
... 116 50
3 per cents Bl 75 . 84 €0 ... 84 75 ... 84 tO
&ilk of trance O5lO ...3515 ...3510 3510
4.alitte lank 5,14001. SR 5225
eseigian Bank
5 per Cents
3 per Cents ..7i; 70 70 75 70 70 76 75
ipani:ll Ac,ire
Passive
Portuguese 3 per Cents
Scapolittn
Romanlo4 ... 104 104 ... 104
RAILWAY SHARES,
St. Cermain ..........
Versailles, H. 8.......
... 785 313 75 ..333 75
Orleans ...........
Str3shiire to Bale
tlulhausen to Thann

Madrid Journals to the 21st inst., have reached us
with the overdue papers of the three Tr:ceding days.
The two QUEENS were still at Siragossi, which they;
had entered in the night, greatly to the mortification ot
the inhabitants, who paraded the streets all day to give
them a suitable reception. On the 18th inst., the
anniversary of the promulgation of the Constitution ot
1837, w,s celebrated in Madrid with sports and illumi-
nations. In a supplement to the Gazette of that date
appears a despatch from General CONCHA, announcing
his victory over the Carlists, who attempted to take the
two QUEENS. The main facts are such as were reported
in the telegraphic despatches addressed to the French
Government, which .appeared last reek in all the Lon-
don journals. The battle lasted eight hours. The
Carlists lost, besides killed, 1,400 prisoners, exclusive
of 105 officers, three of whom held the rank of general
in the rebel army.
The Cortes were expected to rise in a few days. The
British Ambassador, Sir A. AsToN, was to accompany
some members of the Government to Barcelona during
the residence of their MAJESTIES in that city.
On the Madrid Bourse but little business was doing.
The Five per Cents. Active were 4t 25 for cash.
