lIERTS AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY.

The Fourteenth Anniversary of this Institution was held on
Tuesday last, at the Shire-Hall, Hertford, and was as usual
numerously and respectably attended. Soon after twelve the
chair was taken by the Hon. IVILLIAat LAMB, M.P. who
commenced the proceeding :4 by observing, that he was perfectly
ignorant of the contents of that report which would be read to
the meeting : he was not at all aware whether the information
to be communicated was of a discouraging or of a pleasing kind.
If the former should be the case, he for one did not feel inclined
to despond, and, on the other hand, should the statements
prove of a cheering nature, he trusted they would all unite
in thankfulness to God as the great source of their success.
—He then took' a brief view of the Society's single ob-
ject—the circulation of the inspired volume ' • and observed
that at one time he had viewed the exertions of the Society as of
importance chiefly in reference to the distribution of the Scrip-
tures at home; but he confessed that his opinion had changed
on the subject, and that he now had recognised the equal im-
portance of the society's foreign operations. As soon as the
report had been read by Mr. Cromwell, one of the secretaries,
the customary resolutions were moved and seconded by the fol-
lowing Gentlemen : the Rev. T. Fielde, vicar of Stanstead ;
Dr. Steinkopff, foreign secretary of the parent society; Rev. M.
M. Preston; Rev.J.Anthony ; Rev. W. S. Austin, late chaplain to
his Majesty's forces in Demerara; Edw. King Fordham, Esq. ;
the Rev. R. Smith, of Berkhamsteatl ; Rev. C. Maslin ; Rev.
W. Dealtry, rector of Clapham ; and Rev. Dr. Chatfield, vicar
of Chatteris. We regret that our limits will not allow us to
do justice to the candid and eloquent address of the Honourable
Chairman, and that for the same reason we are obliged to
omit the affecting appeal of the visitor from Demerara, on
the subject of slavery. This gentleman dwelt at some length or:
the value of the Bible, in restraining the excesses of manyin that unhappy insurrection which took place in the island of
which he was a native ; he added, that when surrounded by a
large party of armed men he read this passage, ‘ Let every
soul be subject unto the higher powers—the powers that be are
ordained of God." The negro Chief actually stripped off his
accoutrements, and laid them at his (Mr. Austin's) feet,—
After this interesting meeting there was a liberal subscription
at the doors.—(Canibridge Chronicle.)

ELOPEMENT PREVENTED.---Last night it was
discovered by her family that Miss AMELI.t
M—o—r., of Thornhaugh-street, had absconded
with a young gentleman about seven o'clock in
the evening, and that the parties had left Totten-
ham-court-road in a post-cftise. An instant pur-
suit was the consequence, and the father, having
obtained a horse, came up with them 14 miles
from town, and brought the young lady back.

At Castle Cary, on the 19th ult., the Lord
Bishop of BATH and WELLS held his visitation for the
Deanery of Cary; previously to which his Lordship confirmed
about 100 females, and 220 males—at Burton, on the 21st, 88
females and 173 males—at Wineanton, on the 22d, about 396
females and males, among whom was a man aged 91 !—at
Yeovil, on the 25th, bin Lordship confirmed about 140 fernnles
and 190 males, and afterwards held his visitation for the
Deanery of Yeovil.--f Taunton Courier.)
Fuitioo DUIVING.—A bout 11 o'clock last
night, as ilr. WiLstoT, of London-street, Was
crossing over Tottenham-court-road, a carriage
with a yellow body, which was driving at a most
furious rate knocked him down, and the Wheels
passing over him, he was so seriously injured that
great fears are entertained of his recovery.
