HOUSE OF LORDS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat at five minutes past
Five o'clock.

Lord DURHAM presented petitions from Belmont, and
several other places, praying for the abolition of Negro appren-
ticeship. Also a petition from Glasgow, and one from Dun-
barton, against any further endowment to the Church of
Scotland. Likewise a petition from Newport, and from an-
ether place, in favour of Vote by Ballot ; and a petition from
the Corporation of Glasgow, praying for a repeal of the
Corn Laws.
Lord ROSE BE RY presented a petition from Stirling
against any further endowment to the Church of Scotland.
The Bishop of HEREFORD presented a petition from
the clergy, gentry, bankers, traders, and inhabitant house-
holders of the city of Hereford, signed by 1,466, praying
for the abolition of Negro apprenticeship ; alsoia petition from
the Independent Dissenters of Hereford to the like effect ;
and similar petitions from the Dissenting congregation of
Lady Huntingdon's Chapel, and from the Primitive Me-
thodists of the same city.
Earl SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from Dork-
ing:, highly respectably signed, praying for the abolition of
Negro slavery.
The Bishop of EXETER presented petitions from reli.
gious congregations of a great many different places in Man-
chester, Salford, and Chester, praying for the immediate
emancipation of the apprenticed slaves. The Right It,. v.
Prelate's opinions on this subject very much accorded with his
Right Rev. Friend's alio addressed the House the other night.
No one could hear what had been said, and read what had been
wri.ten on this subject,: without feeling that both parties were
subject to great difficulties and temptations, so that it could
not be doubted that it was desirable the apprenticeship sys
tem should be put a speedy end to.—( Hear, hear.) In his
. .
op.mon it might be put an end to with perfect safety.
Lord CARLISLE presented a petition from Morpeth,
praying for a total abolition of slavery.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from Maidenhead, to
the same effect.
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented petitions from
several places in the county of Durham, to the same effect.
Lord FOLE Y presented several petitions of a similar nature.
The Marquis of SLIG 0 presented petitons from numerous
Dissenting places of worship in Oldham, Saddleworth, Ash-
ten-under-Line, Croydon, Banbury, and several other
places, praying for the immediate abolition of negro ap.
prenticeship ; and a petition from the Wesleyan Chapel in
Whitefriars- street, Dublin, signed by 500 persons, to the same
effect. The Noble Marquis wished to take this opportunity,
of stating, that he had had communications from two per-
sons connected with Jamaica on this subject. One was
from Mr. Morris Jones, the custos of the parish, a
gentleman of very large property in the West Indies,
and he stated that he looked with the greatest anxiety to the
emancipation of the Negro apprentices. He believed it would
be for the interest of the Planter, as well as for the interest of the
Negro, that that emancipation should take place without
delay. The other communication was from a large proprietor
in the parish of St. James's, in which he did him (the Marqnis
of Sligo) the honour of approving of what he had done, and
stated that he had • directed his Manager in the West
Indies to adopt the very same plan—(Hear, hear)—but
thvt he feared, unless other Managers could be brought
to take the same course, much difficulty might be ex-
pected. He requested him (the Noble Marquis) to move as
an amendment to Lord Glenelg's Bill that minors and wards
in the Court of Chancery and guardians should be enabled
to emancipate their slaves.
Lord ABERDEEN presented a petition from Dundee,
against additional endowments to the Church of Scotland.
The Noble Lord said that he had presented this petition
because it had been sent to him with a request that
he should present it, although it was unnecessary for him
to state that he did not concur in its prayer; and that he
should take this opportunity of giving notice, that on Friday
next he should move for certain returns on this subject, and
again draw the attention of her Majesty's Ministers to what
he had say upon it.
NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.
Lord HOLLAND presented petitions from Preston and
its vicinity, in favour :of tho immediate ;abolition of Negro
apprenticeship.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from Edinburgh,
agreed to at a public meeting held in that City, the Mayor
being in the Chair, against further endowments to the Church
of Scotland ; also petitions praying for the immediate
abolition of Negro apprenticeship, from the foll Owing
places :—Borough of Stockpert, and its vicinity, signed
by the Mayor, and 5,562 of the inhabitants, from several
Dissenting congregations of the same borough, fromiStamford,
—from places in the counties of Chester, Kent, Rutland,
and Lancaster, from Winslow, Scarborough, Yarmouth,
Penzance, Nortliallerton, Stirling, Boston, Sudbury, Oldham,
Bradford, Thirsk, Bath, Huddersfield, Matlock, South Mt 1-
ton, Holywell, Gainsborough, Colchester, Coventry, Dundalk,
Bridgnorth, Lincoln, Pershore, Knaresborough, Coverley,
Tralee, Hearthery, six from Ashton-under-Lyne. The Noble
Lord also presented similar petitions from Hyde, Horsley,
and several other places. The Noble Lord also presented a
petition from the Piotestant Dissenters of London, which
was agreed to at a meeting held at the City of London

Tavern, against any additional endowment to the Church
of Scotland; also similar petitions from Irvine and Salt-
eoates. The Nobl© Lord stated that he had a vast number
of similar petitions to present, but he would reserve them for
to-morrow.

The Bishop of LONDON presented petitions from Nor-
wich and other places for the abolition of Negro Slavery.
The Marquis of L ANSD OWN E presented petitions from
Cornwall and several other places, praying their Lordships to
adopt some measure for the purpose of putting an end to the
present mode of collecting tithes in Ireland. The Noble
Marquis also presented petitions from Westbury and Devizes
against negro slavery.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented petitions
to the same effect from Canterbury, and several other places.
The Right Rev. Prelate also presented a petition signed by
twenty-three Clergymen of the Church of England at Birming-
ham, and a similar number of Dissenting Clergymen, against
the interference of the servants of the East India Company,
relative to the superstitions of the inhabitants of Hindostan.
The petitioners felt bound to address themselves to their
Lordships on this important subject, and prayed that such or-
ders might be forthwith sent out as would procure the imme-
diate abolition of all idolatrous worship in India, and release
all persons, whether civil or military, from any obligation to
take part in any ceremonies, rites, or festivals what-
ever connected with the superstitions of that country.
It was frequently said that such petitions proceeded from per-
sons of heated imaginations who were desirous of promoting
these objects without any regard to the consequences that
might ensue. Their Lordships would except the petitioners
from the charge, when he stated that they proceeded upon an
undoubted authority. The shortest way of putting them in
possession of the question, was to refer to the papers sent out
by the Directors containing these instructions, on the 20th
of February, 1833, which entered minutely into the subject.
The Rev. Prelate read the iustructions, which were of consi-
derable length, and proceeded to say that the delay which had
taken place in carrying those instructions into effect, was
viewed with great impatience by the Christian public
in India, and numerous petitions had been presented
to the Supreme Court on the subject. He then read a
letter from the Bishop of Madras, complaining of the delay, and
as we understood, recommending the abolition of the pilgrim tax.
For four years after the passing these instructions nothing was
done. On the 22d of February, 1837, another resolution was
passed, in which the directors called for further information,
and said that the genral consideration of the subject would be
resumed as soon as that information was obtained.
The Bishop of CHESTER presented a petition to
the same effeef, in which he entirely concurred. The Right
Reverend Prelate observed when the pilgrims in India
saw the idolotrous worship protected by theßritish Govern-
ment, they would naturally conclude that all the efforts made
by this country to disseminate Christianity among them were
not made in sincerity.—( Hear. )
The Bishop of LONDON also supported the prayer of
these petition.
(LEFT SPEAKING.)

COAL MARKET.-(THIS DAY).

Ships arrived since

Per Too: s. d.
Bunion ...
Chester Main
Lease's Main
Meil9msley (unscreenel) 2O 0
South Hartley 22 0
Walls End Bewicke and Ca.— 2:3 9
Walls End Clark and Co. l9 0
Walls End Ge,forth
Walls End Hilda 2l 6
Walls End Hotspur
Walls End Killinvvoith
Walls End Newmarck 2O 0
Walls End Northumberland 2O 3
Walls End Perkins l9 0
Walls End Braddyll's Hetto t2i 3
Wall; End Has•...ell .. :6 5
Walls End Hetton 27 0

last market—day. 44.
Per ion.
Walls End Lambton 27 0
Walls End Stewart's 27 0
Walls End Hartlepool 27 0
Ditto Braddyll's Iletton 26 3
Walls End Adelaide
Walls End Barrett ' 3 3
Walls End Gordon 23 0
WallslEnd Nevin's Tanfield 19 0
Walls End Seymoug Tees 22 6
Walls End St. Helen's Tees '23 6
Walls End Tees 25 9
Walls End West Tees l9 6
Blythe lB 6
Howard's Netherton Main 20 6
Llangetinech Coal
Walls End Urpeth

TATTERSALL'S-(THIS EVENING.)

THE DERBY.
6 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Cobweb colt—taked
11 to 1 agst Mr. Armitage's Nonplus colt—taken
12 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's Grey 111omus—taken
25 to 1 agst Ld G. Bentinck's D'Egville—taken
15 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird—taken
17 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's lon—taken
17 to 1 agst Mr. Bland's Young Rowton—taken
20 to I agst Mr. H. Coombes's Cobham—taken
30 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Bamboo—taken
30 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Richard Roe
30 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Monc Adam
32 to 1 agst Sir J. 11ills's Volunteer—taken
17 to 1 agst Ld Exeter's Alemdar—taken
50 to 1 agst Mr. Ford's Quo Minus—offered
50 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Bretby—offered
50 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Tranby's dam colt—taken
50 to 1 agst Mr. A. Smith's Cracker—taken
26 to 1 agst Captain Berkeley's Bullion—taken
1000 to 10 agst Lord Wilton's Davie Gellatley—offered
50 to 1 agst Mr. W. Edwards's Drum-major—taken
30 to 1 agst Mr. Worrall's Dormouse—taken
1000 to 15 agst Lord Warwick's Lady Neville colt—taken

THE OAKS.
9 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Calliste—taken
9 to I agst Lord Jersey's Glenara—taken
10 to 1 agst Mr. J. Scott's Mary Gray—taken after offered
12 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's Ninny—taken
Lord Berners horse is (lead.
