PRICES OF SIIA.RES AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Per Share.
110 112 i
16

Anglo. Mexican Mining Company
trazilian•Mining Company ..
Bolivar Mining Company
Colombian Mining Company
- .
Cobalt and Copper Mining Company 4,,
. .
Pasco Peruvian Mining Company . 1,,, 11,
Potosi La Paz and Peruvian Mining Association ... ,4
Real del Monte Mining Company •. .. . - . • 900
New United Mexican Mining Company
Welch Iron and Coal Mining Company
British Iron Company • -
Bristol Ship Canal Company
British Rock and Patent Salt Company ' lO ii
British Shipping Limn Company .. 1 0
Equitable Loan Bank Company
Great Westminster Dairy Company • - ' 4A I
Ilibernian Joint Stock Banking Company .
Imperial Distillery• Company
.Metropolitan*Fish Company
Provincial Bank of Ireland
Royal Stannary 3i

254
'WO

FOIIEIGN MAILS.

A nuivED.

Dug.

Visbon -
Oottenburgh
ILamburgh -
Holland -

France
Flanders

Ht( 11 kVATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-11Ortft.01V.
Itortiing, 2 minutes after 0.1 Evening, 36 tuinkttes after 0.

Ti E SUN.

soz.rir CIUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDRAT

LONDON.
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 27, 1825.

Extracts from the French Papers will be found
in another column. By the Dutch Mail we have
the Amsterdam Courant, of the 21st June, which
contains a letter from Smyrna, giving an account
the burning of the Egyptian fleet in the har-
bour of Modon. It says, the Dutch brig, the
Courier, was present on the occasion. Not-
Vithstanding, however, the circutnstantialmanner
.11%
which this recital is given, we must doubt its
) aeYs and our Readers will see, in an article
,
"3 oow little credit is due to it.
fr, nambUigh Mail has brought us the Frank-
-11 Journals to the 21st June. By these we have
further accounts from Greece. The extracts we
have Selected draw but a very bad picture
°1 the state of affairs there. 'the disasters
that now follow the Greek arms appear
arise out of the internal discords that
in Greece, a circumstance which is con-
firmed by accounts we have received this day,
and which we have published below. These
things are by no means favourable to the
final success of the Greek cause, and we
begin greatly to fear that we shall have, to record
another fruitless attempt of an oppressed people to
escape from the. yoke of slavery and tyranny under
Nvhich they groan. We are surprised to-find the
Greeks lacking that noble spirit that animated the
bosoms of their forefathers, and taught them to for-
get private injuries when the enemy was at their
Rates, and join heart and hand to repel the coal-
loon foe.
I.IIA,NXFOItT, JUNE 21.—The Journals of Missolonghi to
"a May contain several interesting details relative to the state
of things in Western Greece. On the approach of the invasion
Z the Seraskir, the Greek Government had given orders to
spy the important pass of Macrinoros, but Noti Botzari not
:_lng in time, the Turks got possession of the position with-
,at any 104.1. The inhabitants of received and Xeromeri fled to
where they were kindly by the British Go-
ernntent.
AeThe Greeks then attempted to defend the Aspropotamos, but
which enemy was too superior in number, and passed the river in
The the Greeks retreated to Anatolie° and
Central Government sent three Commissionett to Mis-
'
n
CP,nt fogbi to provide for the defence of the country ; the new
„Lirts of Kefalovris.si were properly garrisoned, but accord-
ji7, to the Missolonghi Chronicle, abandoned in three days,
pirlot any reason that is known, whence the Journals corn-
n that discord and want of discipline are the causes of the
disasters which the Greeks experienced. After the aban-
Aung of Kefalovrissi the Musaulmen appeared on the 23d of
1411 befbre Anatolie°, and on the 27th before Missolonghi;
trace re Well fortified. Meantime a Turkish division has pene-
th !zit° the province of Venetico as far as Velvonitza, but
had deAl of May they had news at Missolonghi that the Greeks
k2lyen, the Turks back to Lepanto.
titre..?i e Greeks who are employed in the Turkish camp, and
otAC. eo !e,d to their countrymen, say that the Seraskier had been
'tent too
the Aspropotamos in person, to see to the pay-
left a stron °l' hl3 g
men, who refused to advance without it. He has
'cis fia-: garrison to occupy every defile in his rear, and has
Weli Fgazines Kawassara. On the 7th lie seemed not to be
it urnished,.and had put his men on half allowance. He is
,vr,":27 eskiatiziac
In;
said, in
having only two cannon, so that it
:1,),a1n I;aeh in the,Turkish camp, that the arrival of the
a's fleet must be waited for before the siege could
+.l?eperiy beguh. '
~1111 Y before Missolonghi is about 6,000 men ; it had en-
lt3elf to keep off the nightly attacks of the Greeks,
tilardZteirl! always SuCeessful. On the left side of the fo.rtress,
teralige,
theehption Botzari, and thobastion 'William Prince
Turks have opened trenches and drawn a
.1
st 1911. The Greeks are on the alert, especially at
tile, °maxi commands the right, Muni the centre, and
left. •
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
4,411 "bAM, JUNE 91 39.7.; two months, 39.4.
lit.rElltritou, JUNE 0.; two months, 95. 9.
JUE 7. •
(INT 16.—N6. 12.-101-
~.ioNt 17.-6.201.
4l'lnit IL—Three months, 9. 36.

4tters - -
, received this day by the French Mail
peelte) dated 10th June, bring official
arri3ved there by an English frigate, which
edto seven days from Corfu, that Navv,rino

was in the possession of the Turks. The letters
also stat, that great dissensions and, disunio'n
prevail- amongst the Greeks.:---NOt a word
is mentioned respecting the _burning of the
Egyptian Fleet, as it was before reported,
which silence show. that 'either such an affair
never took place, or if it had, k must have been
of a trifling nature and much exaggerated. The
above has been received by one of the 'most re-
spectable Greek houses domiciled in this country,
and we vouch for ifs correctness.

AMSTERDAM, JUNE: %b.—The Amsterdam Cou-
rant of this date contains the first part of a treaty
between his Majesty the King of the NETHER-
LANDS and his Majesty the King of 'GREAT
BRITAIN and HANovErt, signed at Meppen in
July last year, for the final determination of the
frontiers of the Netherlands and Hanover.

Quebec Papers to the 20th May arrived this
morning; the following- are.extracts :
The Montreal Paper alludes to a report of an intention of
his Majesty's Government to annex a portion of the Lbwer
Provinces (including the townships and the island of Montreal)
to the Upper Provinces. That report, no doubt, has taken its
rise in the publication of a paragraph fiorn the English news.
papers respecting the,mission of some Commissioners to fix the
boundaries of the Provinces of Upper and hower, Canada. So
far as we have heard, there is 110 other intelligence on the sub,
ject than that contained in this paragraph, which we published
on the 2d lest.

Instructions have been forwarded to the Commissariat at the
diTerent stations to receive such. British money as may be
offered in payment for bills on the Treasury, at the rate of
103/. sterling for a bill of 1001., without reference to the rate of
exchange. This measure will be adopted as croon as the ex-
pected supply of British coin arrives, and will so long as ex-
change continues at its present rate have the effect of keeping
the English specie in circulation within the Proiinee.
( From the Quebec Paper of the 19th May.)
We have great pleasure in offering to the Public of Nova
Scotia our hearty congratulations. They may now boast of hav-
ing as free a trade as is enjoyed by the inhabitants of any part
of the British Empire. The receipt of this pleasing intelligence
on Saturday excited the most lively feelings in every class of
the community, and it was resolved that some public manitesta=
Lion of their gratitude to Government should be made. This
day was also the Anniversary of his Majesty's Birth, and in the
evening the Province Building and Exchange Coffee-house.
were illuminated.

It would be very difficult to say, from the
pers laid before the House of Commons, how far
the East Indian Government is justified iu the
war now carrying on against the Burmese. These
Papers contain nothing decisive on the subject,
and in no way develope what is the object of
contention between the two Governments, or the
precise causes to which the war is to be attributed.,
With regard, however, to the object, ifis clear
to demonstration that' acquisition of territory is
no part of it, because the plain and evident po-
licy of the Indian Government is rather to con-
tract than extend their dominions, and to conso-
lidate their honer within the wide,.continent sub-
jectsd to their rule, than to waste its • strength,
and exhaust its energies in vain endeavours for a
more extended Empire. The Burmese Govern-
ment appears to beeqaally without an object in the
war, except so far as they may be supposed to en-.
tertain the hope of extinguishing the authority of
the Crown of England in India, by exciting to'
rebellion those native Princes who are now under
the protection of the Indian Government, and
who, whilst enjoying the splendours of a regal
sway, yearn for the exercise of absolute au-
thority, without that moderation and justice
their connection with the British compels them
to adopt. Whatsoever grounds the Burmah
governors may have to hope the, final, accon-
plishment of this desire,' we know:not, . hut it
does appear, that they cannot be -of. that strong
nature to prevent the arrangement of a peace,
between the two belligerents if the offer was
made. On the part of the East India Company.
there seems to be no obstade whatever. With
regard however to the causes that led to this
warfare, it would appear that they commenced
so long ago as 1812, when one KINGBEIMIN, a
subject of the King of AVA, fled from his domi-
nions and sought refuge in the territories of the,
Company. Whilst here he contrived to concert
an invasion of the King of AvA's dominions, and
it seems carried on his plan with so mnch secresy
that he organized a strong body of the Emigrant
Mugs, and with them commenced his operations,
without the knowledge of the Authorities in
India. He met with various success, but was
finally compelled a second time to fly for succour
within the British frontier. The Burmese
Authorities never could be convinced that KING.
BERRIN did not act under the concurrence and with
the assistance of the British, and he himself
favoured the supposition as giving a sanction to
his .enterprize, that would greatly assist Ivitto in a
successful termination. Notwithstanding an
Envoy was dispatched to the Court of 'Aim spe-
cially instructed to remove the impression; :led
offer such. assistance as was consistent with a neu-
trality
and the policy of the Government not
to interfere in the internal disorder of other states,
the impression was still preserved, and the circum-
stance of Kingsberrin's flight and the determination
'not to permit the enemy to pursue him within
the confines of the British torritories,accompanied
with an explicit declaratiim that the Indian Go.
verstment did not imagine it would be justified
in giving up him or any of his companions to the
King of Aviv, in case be or they, should fall into
their power, served only to increase the suspi-
cion, perhaps, positively to confirm it as a fact.—
The
assembling of an hostile army on the fron-
tiers of the two countries was the • next step
taken by the Burmah Government, and 'notwith-
standing repeated protests, hostile incursions were
made by the Burmese. In this unsettled state
affairs continued, until the Company's Elephant
Hunters were taken prisoners, when hunting
•
avowedly within .B.ritish confines, and that act of
aggression, and some other circumstances con-
nected with the island of Shapuree (which these
Papers call a worthless sand-bank) led to this war.•
It [Tay be admitted the 'War was forced, on the Com-,
patty by the conduct pursued by the Burmese, and
the absolute necessity of vindicating the integrity'
of its territory on the. one. hand, and giving 'the,
protection to its subjects from such unprovoked ag
gression on the other. But still that excuse goes only
part Of the way, 'and does not apply to the real
origin of the war, viz. the invasion of KING•
BER.RIN. We, like the Burmese, are incredulous,
and cannot think KINGBERRIN could have carried
on his schemes against the King of AvA, or have
incited the emigrant Mugs to rebellion, unknown
to, aAough unassisted by the Indian Government
or its agents. This matter requires explanation.

. • • .2;A: ',-.):-.. .....7 ' - \
(AS - - s•c•,-,--
~,
c, „:,-..-4 7.. p-=!.-.):, -..---.4,,,,14!"-) 0.4Y,•-' )
4.44 t
e ,--f ...,:r. -,_----- 11,4 b) ( --43.-,-;.' ,' etrf:7-•,-, 0%. jed, ~X
..,.),,,:a.„»,4-.)- ,r,-,,,A -,1-4 ~.:**' -4-. !(•,c -;,r....... 1 -Pi r-...1,-,
.‹),---,:: ,r,-,,Zs. ri .1,..2N;;;‘,,er4 - *,,,,,' ,- , - - ‘70,.• ii.;l., 0,,,,,• '.
~../A`i
6::-”• ~,t_.',.,)i,-,r;.,_1,...,._,-,t-#1,4-„4" -.-'-'\>' Ilt:'??./\%*\AI
4," • , ~,,...-%.., ,at - ---- e . ~;) 4_ne.'"'
"V etl) --=.:.-4.t.:4:ii,e;.;..L., • ••- .g.)'

THE KING, &c.
Yesterday morning the KING attended Divine Service at the,
Chapel Royal. Majesty was dressed in
_a plain blue stir-.
tout-coat; on his left breast was the Order of the Garter. The
Duke of York sat to, the right of his Royal Brother. The
Princess Augusta sat on the opposite side of the Royal Closet.
Sir William 'Congreve was the Equerry in Waiting. The
Bishop of Linchln was the Cleik of the Closet in Wafting.—
The Church Serviee was read by the Rev. Mr. Holmes, the
Sub-Dean, the Rev. Mr. Webb, and the. Rev. Mr. Knapp-, the
Minor Canons. The Chant was composed by Dr: Dupuis, in'
the key of D. The Te Deane and Jubilate were 'Compesed by
Mr. Nares, in the-key of-D. - The Sanctus was in the key of
F. composed by Travers. The Commandments were in the key.
of,F. composed by Davy. They were sung .by Messrs W.
Knyvett, Evans, Roberts, Nield, Ilawes, Molyneux, and
Clark. Sir G. Smart presided at the 'Organ. The' sermon
Was preached by the Rev. Dr. Maddey, from the 16th chapter
and 4th verse of St. Matthew's Gospel.. After the sermon, a
delightful anthem was sung by command of the King,
Blessed be thou, Lord God, 'composed -by
,Kent. The Duet,
" Both riches and honour come of Thee," was sting-b —haters
Wesley and Alleroft; tWo of the young" Gentlemen of his Ma-
jesty's Chapel, Royal. The Quartet, " Thine; '0 Lord,
is the Greatness and the. Power," was admirably sung by
.Master Wesley, Messrs. W. Knyvett, - Nield, and Clark.
The, words are selected from the 211th chapter of the first Book
of Chronicles, and the 10th verse. The. AntheM was coin--
manded by the King to be sung achis Coronation, and to which
Mr. Attwoott composed instrumental parts for a full band, for
the occasion.—The Duke of York accompanied the King in his
carriage on his leaving the Chapel.—A numerous assemblage
of persons, respectably dressed, were assembled round the gar,
den-gate, to see the King; the males were all uncovered, and
the females curtsied and waved their handkerchiefs:-:-.The Mar-
quis of Hastings.was among the Nobility, at the Chapel Royal,
yesterday.

- •
`TlEKixo's -INTENDED FETE.-.-It having been ascer-
taied that much inconvenience would arise from the intended
Fete at Windsor,- in consequence of the lateness of the hour at
which .the company would have to return • to town, the King
abandoned the idea on Friday morning; and in the evening
issued cards. for a Ball at St. James's Palace, on Monday next.

FASHIONABLE CHANGES.

Emily• Marchioness of Lot;donderry, for her seat, North
Cray, Kent ; Lord- -Dynever, fOr his seat, Barrington Park,
Oxfordshire ; the Duke. and Duchess of Bedford, for their
villa, Camden 11111, for a few days; Colonel and Mrs. Tynte,
fore Halswell Park, Somersetshhe ; Mrs. and Miss Sparrow,
from Berkiley-Square, for their seat in Staffordshire; Sir A.
Cerbet and family, froM Read's Hotel, Lower Grosvenor-street,
for Adderley Hall, Shropshire'; Leveson Gower, Esq.-and the
Honourable Mrs. Gower, at Nerot's Hotel, ClifFord-street ;
Mrs. Radwood, at ditto ; the Rev: Mr. Walker and Ladies, at
ditto; the Right Finn. Lord Andley, Lady Audley and family,
at ditto; Mrs. Willoughby and Ladies, at .ditto; -Edward
Smith Godfre.y,,,Esq. MN. and Misses Godfrey, front ditto;
T. S. Godfrey, Esq. and from -ditto for •Newark ; the
Hon. Mrs. Dundas gold Ladies,, from ditto; J. H. Duncan
and family,,froth. ditto; J. lleneagc, I:sq. at the Cleveland
Hotel, St. James's, from .Paris ; Sir Henry Banbury, Bart.
front the London, Hotel, Albentarle.street, for his cent in Suf.
folk ; the Earl and Countess Kenmore, at Thomas's Hotel,
Berkeley-square, from .a tour ; their Excellencies Count and
Countess de Stakelberg.and suite, at ditto, from Russia; Lord
and Lady Gray, from ditto, for the 'Earl of Stamford's seat;
Enville flail, Stall-bra:4l'l...e; Lady Cecil Talbot, from ditto;
for Staffordshire ; Sir Robert and Lady Harland, front ditto,
for their seat itrSuffolk ; Major Kelly, from the British Hotel,
for Dublin; Capt. and Mrs. Owen, from ditto, for Paris; J.
Staples, Esq. fr9Et ditto,.fOr ditto.; Wm. WiJlett, Esq. from
ditto, for Bright n ; Mr. and Mrs. Churchill, from Gould's
Hotel, Jcnnynstreet, for their seat in Northamptonshire.

'PASITIONATME PARTIES.
'rineetetipold entertained to Duke of York, the Duebess•of
Kent,-Nincess-Feottore, and
.a distinguished party to a grand
dinner orfSaturday -a,t; Marlborough pause, itmong the Company
were:—Thu fhtke 'Wellington, the Duke and Duchess of
flutland,*the Ltird Chancellor, Marquis of Hertford, Marquis
and Marchioness of 8;r Charles. Long, Latly.Etnily
Mprtners, Mr. Seyetary Canning; Mr. and .Airs. Secretary
' Peel, Xi =reville 11'6wartl.
Ilis Exce'lency Count, Lieven gave a grand dinner on &nit.
clay to a numeromt party,of fashionabh,s.
The Earl of Essex etitcrtained the 'Marquis and .`darcii:oness
of Lansdown, and a dfstirashed party,, at dinner. yesterday,
At his seat Caslabiti7-park.
Lady G. Cayendfsh Ila issued carao of invitation for a grand
bftli. on the 15th July.; at Ptirlington-honse.

FA ri lONA BLE ARRANGEMENTS for the WEEK.
Tura: liclyille9s. ball at the Admiralty;
fancy ~ball at /).Itnack's.; a public .breakfast: at Wormwood
Scru given,by: the ,Pukes of.. 'York and Cambridge to the.
1401 ea ; the Marchioness:of Cbobnontleley's concert, .Picca-'
dilly.- . . .
.
To-m-onn QW. The Earl and Countess of Aberdeen's party,
Argyll-street; the Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry's
party; the Countess of Oarturoutles (ie/cme, at Blackheath.;
Lady COQIC'S' .ball in Connaught-place; Lady. ,Warberton's
rout in Albermarle-street; Mrs. Lawley's ball in Grosvenor-
street.

117;7:DriEspaY.—Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury's con-
veriaziime ; :the Marquis and Marc Lioness of Camden's party ;
Alrnack's, grand ball.
Tit uItSDAY.,---The • Marquis o...Hertford's rout, in Picea-
(Lilly.; the Countesi of Cork"S Melange, in New Burlington-
street;. the Earl and Countess of Darlington's party; Sir
Benjamin and I4dy ilobhouse's grand dinner, Berkeley-
square; Lady. Malk's Quadrille party, in Gloucester-place;
.Mrs. Beaumont's- WI, in Portman-square:
FRIDAY.—The Marchioness of Cholmondeley's assembly ;
Mrs. Fitzherbert's asseMbly-; • Lady ,Maryborough's rout,
; .the Countess of Sefton's rout, Arlington-street-
SAT npAr.,-The Marquis. of Salisbury's grand dinner ;
Marquis of llertford's- party, to meet the Duke of York ; the
Earl and _Countess of Mansfield's party at Caen 'Wood.
Marchioness Dowager of- Salisbury's con-
versazione ; Countess St. Antonio's music party, lianover-
square. -

The Duke of Cambridge, attended by Major Jones, attended
Divine Service I.,•estertlay at the Asylum.
Prince Leopold, -accompanied by Major Cust, attended Di-
vine Service yesterday at St. Phillip's Chapel,
The Duchess of Cambridge, accompanied by Prince George
and Princess Augusta of Cambridge, and -attended by Miss
Ablefeldt, took an airing yesterday afternoon- in an open car.
riage, in the Parks.
(in Saturday evening Prince Leopold honoured the Italian
Opera with his presence.
The Duke of Cambridge honoured the Earl of Harrington
with his company to dinner on Saturday.
The Duke of York, the Princess Augusta, the Princeis
Sophia, and the Duchess of Gloucester visited the King on Se-
tusday.
On Friday the Duchess of Gloucester dined with the Ditches'
of Cambridge.
The Duke of York and the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of
Sussex, the Duchess of Cambridge, .Prince George, and Prin.
cess Augusta of Cambridge, the Duchess,of Gloucester, and
the Princess Sophia, visited the Princess Augusta on Saturday.
Some of the Royal party partook of a drjeune.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge honoured the Duke
and Duchess of Wellington with their company on Friday
evening.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Augusta,
,attended.hy Mies Ahlefeldt, Colonel Prott, Sir James Rennett,
and Colonel Keate, honoured the Exhibition of the Royal Aca-
demy with their presence yesterday afternoon. Their Royal
-Highnesses were received by Sir Thomas Lawrence, the Prince
dent of the Royal. Academy, and Mr. Howard; the Secretary,
who conducted the Royal Party over the different Exhibition
Rooms.

MARRIAGE 1w thou Lint=•_Married, on Saturday, the
25th, at Mary-le-bone Church, by the Right Rev. the Lord
Bishop of Sodor and Mann, Sir William Pilkington, Bart. 'of
Cheiet, Yorkshire, to Mary, daughter of Thomas Swinnerton,
Esq. of Rutterton Hall, Staffordshire, and Wynaston Court, in
the County of Monmouth.

A most flattt.ring testimonial of •regard and
esteem was given by the KING to the Duke of WELLINGTON,
on Wednegday the 15th inst. previous to the anniversary of the
Battle of Waterloo.' His majesty presented the Duke with the
'identical diamond ornament (the George) belonging to the.
Order of the' Garter, - with which queen Anne invested the
'Duke of Marlborough:. His Majesty, in the most gracions and
pleasing manner, desired the Duke of Wellington- to wear it at
the -dinner at Apacy • House on the 18th, at the 'anniversary
meeting..

TIIE TIT EA'CRE.

DRURY-LANE.—We had not an opportunity of
noticing the Benefit of Mrs. W. WEST on
Saturday, which took place the night before.
She 'is deservedly a favourite of the public as
an Actress, and her merit is rendered more
estimable by the propriety of her conduct in
private life. In the farce of Therese on this oc,
casion, a Mr. COOKE from the Southampton
Theatre made so favourable an impression in the
part of Fontaine, the Pastor, that it is probable
that he will obtain a station on the London
boards. He was firm, distinct, and impressive,
and in the youthful parts of tragedy is likely
to become a respectable acquisition.
