Dtcx—Down with them then; and give every
mane pat t to build his own cottage with.
FIODG6.--I was 11,41. brought up to building
work --
DIQK-..-T3llt I was.—l'll.build it for thee.
FaANK—That's kind indeed; to give thy labour
to an old friend. • " .
DICK—Who said a word about giving. I'll
build his cottage or any other man's, and be paid
for building it.
fIoDGE-1 should not hare .enough money to
pay thee. Thou ‘vould'st not be satisfied with
four guineas for building an house, wouldst
thou ?

Dick—How should I ? It would not p©y for
the wear and tear of my took.
FRANK---,-And if it did, thou wouldst not bore
any right to• it.
Dic:;—The deuce ! Not have any right to be
paid fit,. toy own labour ?.
FRANK—NA truly, for then thou crouldst bare
more money than thy share ; and we must all go
10 a fresh division.

DICK—Oh, hut I don't intend any more divi-
sions than the first. After that, every body should
krep what they could earn.
FRANK—That was the way all the estates sprung
up which thou art wanting to he divided. if di-
vision be right one time, it Most be right always.
Ilopqc—Thou seewest 59,ther puzzled, ack.
I know that I be, and deucedly too.
ThcK.—Plagiie on it, Frank ; 1 see no differ-
ence between not being •paid for my. labour, and
giving tip. the • pAyment after..l have gut it. I
won't work at all.
FRANK---NorF.- If you won't build fur me, I
wou't plough for you. •
DICK—Weil then, we'll make a fair-- exchange,
your labour for mine, awl so help one aooi her.
HoDGE—But I want thee to built! my'rottage,
Dick ; and equality won't let you work wily
where you like.
FRANK--I don't see how it would let him work
a stroke more for any one man than for another,
DF,.:x.----Why, by that role, equality would be
d,r..o4ight slave!), : and so, as I said before, I
uon't work at all.

1-lonGE—Nor I neither. As you won't build
for Frank,or toe, I won't make shoes for you, any
!time titan Frank will plough.
DICK—Aye, but I must have bread, and shoes
too. I'll mAke you work.
IlfradE—What !—put force upon your, equals
IlesUies,.l shall have no money to buy leather.
FaANtr..—And if you had, our neighbour's tan-
y,,rd yonder will have been rlivided among his
fellow-citizens and 1 am afraid your share of it
won't be ehough for covering your own feet.
DrcK—Tots Stitch the Tailor will give me his
share, in return for my building his work-shop.
want it all to put shoes on his
wife and children.

DICK—OIi no. They wilt each . have a share
of their own.
FRAN K—Tlien there must be a fresh division of
the acres and guineas upon every birth and death
through the Country. A rare time we shall have
of it ; settling and unsettling every, five minutes
HoDoc—Why, Dick, I should not like giving
up a corner of my,four acres, and a shilling of my
tour guineas every time thy %vile lies in.
DiCK—But you moat though, MaSter Hodge.
That be the rule of Radical EgliditV.'
FRANK—To be snre it is. Only you will give
up a slice of yours, Dick, in like manner upon the
like occasion.

DICK—At that rate I could never be sure of my
otct► imipvrty for a moment.

. .
FRANK--You would have none to he sure of.—
Evvry thing would bdong to the State; and no
individual would have any thing Of his own.

Mr:E.—Btu I have ncitL r tour acres nor four
guineas now; and I could not be worse off then.
DonGE—Thou bast a place to live in, though
—And clothes—and victuals. How comes (bat ?

Dieu---Why, Hodge, thou knowest as well as
I do, that I rent the one and eat the other.
Atim—lrony landlord has a house for hitn•
self, or he could not spate .you one ; and money
to spare also, or be could not pay you enough to
buy c:otlies and victuak,
ilonGtt—And the shopkeepers must have more
meat and linen than they want tor their own use,
or ihey could not sell them to you for your money.
FRANZ—Ttiou art half converted, Dick,
reckon. Let Me-see thee here to-moi tow, and I
will satisfy thee that any other equality than that
of the Law, would he nothing else than equal mi-
sery, equal want, and equal slavery. I will sbew
thee, too, that every man gets more by the ine-
quality of possessions, than the most equal division
of erety acre and every guinea in the country
could give him.

RADICAL BAticEn.—A few days since the fol.
Inning dialogue actually took place between
Knight of the Razor and a Sea Officer, in Deve-
teux •court, near the Temple :—The Barber, whilst
shaving lite hater, entered •as usual into poli-
tics, and among other things said, lie could easily
pay ill the National Debt. How could you, said
the Officer ? simply, rejoined the Barber.
1 would take 25,0001. from every man who
had ,-)0,0001.; 10,0001. from him who bad 20,0001.
and so tot ; throwing all this into a fund for
the payment of the debt. This woold bring
hese overgrown people more upon a level with
US, and then we could manage •o get on a little
better than we do. 'The operation finished, the
(retoleman asked .drat he had to pay ? Sixpence,
said the Barbee.—Then, replied the other,
there is three-pence for you, my boy.--The shaver
said, he didn't understand this. Why, ye lubber,
rejoined the Officer, don't you understand your
own principles ? 11 you take from me halt what
honestly belongs to we, 1 can only afford to pay
you half what 1 used to do, so you will be just as
far front your level as ever ; and if I must retrench,
the sooner I haul in the better ; therefore, there
is three-pence for you. Something rather beyond
an altercation now ensued, in which the Radical
went to leeward, and was dismissed by no means
pleased with this practical illustration of his own
doctrines.

Cipt3in HALL, who recently published his Tra-
vels through the Canddas and the United States,
was the Author 01 that admirable Winchesier
Prize rbenr, enti!lcd, " The Fall of Babylon."

THEATRICAL RE GisTE
Performed Last Niest.
THEATRE ROYAL, ])BURY-LANE.—The Fisherman's Hut :
Yrincipal Characters by ,Mr. Mundell and Mrs. W. West.
After which, The Prisoner at Large.
THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GA RDEN.—LoYe for Love: Sir Sam-
son Legend, Mr. Terry; Angelica, Mrs. Davison. After
which, which,The Gnome-King.

PRICE OF STOCKS
Tills DAY AT TWELVE. u'CLOCK.

_ ........ -- -..........
Bank Stock 2191 I India Bonds .... 10s. 123. pr.
3 per Cent. Red. 673 i 68 674 Exch. Bills, 2d .. 2s. dis. par
3 pei Cent. Cons.....6S:tha Is. dis.
31 per Cent '6/4 Ditto Commercial ... 16s. dis.
4rr Cents. ... 851: (Minium (payment) .. il dis.
ti per Cent. Navy Ann. IC3i!* 'Coils. for Account 68i 69 68.1
Bank Long Ann. 11 15-16tlis

NIAI
AuutvEu-1 Dublin, 2 Waterford, t France.
Elaniburgh.

fijCIT WATF,R AT LONIii)N BRIDGE TO.NIOItIIOIV.
lersiim.7. 48 minutes after 4. I Evening, 10 minutes after 5.

THE SUN.

SOLENI tjUls fIIOER FALSU3I AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1819.

We received last night and this morning the
Paris Papers of Sunday and Monday last. %Ire
give in the Fourth Page, some extracts from the
former, amongst which is a contradiction of the
announcement of the arrival at Paris, of the Prin-
cess of WALHS, but which is re-asserted in some of
the Papers of Monday. The following are ex-
tracts from the Journals of Monday :
" PARIS, OCT. 18.—The King yesterday re-
ceived the Ministers, superior Officers, principal
Magistrates, &c. &c.
It is understood that the Princess of Nirales
arrived at Paris yesterday.—(Gazette de France.)
" The Countess of Oldi (Princess of Wales)
had not arrived at Paris at four o'clock yesterday
afternoon.—(Journal de Paris.)
" Letters from Madrid state, that a multitude
of the inhabitants of Andalusia contirmed to pass
the Sierra Morena, for the purpose of retiring into
New Castile and Estramadura, in order to with-
draw from the epidemy, which was spreading
more and more in Andalusia.
" A recent letter from Hamburgh confirms the
news already circulated, that several of the
wealthiest and most considerable Jewish families
were preparing to quit that City, in order to
settle some of their in France and others in Hol-
land.

" VIENNA, OCT. 3.—lt appears that our Court
and that of Berlin, are agreed respecting the Re-
solutions of Carlsbad adopted by the Diet.

" BERLIN, OCT. 6.—Since the late Reso-
lutions of the Diet became known, together
with the establishment of a Central Tribunal

at Mayence, and the severe restriction on. the
liberty of the Press, some persons of distinction
here have made strong remonstrances to the
Prince de Hardenburg,-and the Minister de Hum-
boldt, who, in reply, gave an assurance that the
Resolutions in question should be' executed with
moderation and just ice.

" COPENHAGEN, OCT. 4.—On the 30th ult. a
shock of an earthquake was felt in the neighbour-
hood of Drontheitn.

" MAYENCE, OCT. 12.—M. de • Schwartz,
Counciilor to the Supreme Tribunal of Justice at
Vienna, appointed by Austria to be a Member
of the Central Commission to be established in
this City arrived here yesterday. No other Mem-
ber of the Commission has yet made his appear-
ance, nor is any place yet assigned where the
Commission is to hold its Sittings."

Extract of a Letter front Angostura, 24th July.
" 1, like many others, was seized with the ro-
mantic dream of retrieving my fortune and renown
by campaigning in the dreary wastes of Vene-
zuela. On my arrivjl at Angostura I had no dif-
ficulty in procuring a Lieutenant's commission in
the English Rile Corps. The very morning after
I was marched off to join the main body up the
country. I assure you seriously we never halted
a day at a time for nine weeks ; during which
period I never tasted, nor even saw, any thing
except beet in had condition, and worse cookery.
In an extent of country 300 miles in length, and
about 400 in breadth, I never saw a single house,
except two deserted hamlets or villages. I was
in one action up the country, the first of the kind
I was ever in. Our corps, and the Bonaventura
regiment, about 800 strong, were ordered to at-
tack a party of the enemy, consisting of 700 in-
fantry and 200 cavalry. They were posted in a
strong position, amidst underwood and thick
plantations ; being concealed, they poured a se-
vere file on us fron► all sides. The Indians at-
tached to our division all took to their heels ; in
the end, however, we drove the enemy away, butt
not without great loss, as out of 800 we had only
360 left. There is no discipline among the troops,
all is anarchy and confusion ; Cue Creoles are
cowards. Fur three months I have not had a
softer bed than in a car or the bare ground to rest
ul►on. All the Er►glisb Officers applied 101 their

passports, wliiclt were refused; 1 got mine
merely by stratagem. My opinion is that the?
never will take Curacoa ; and if they do, they will
find nothing worth having,"

That portion of the Public who have colvi"
scended to read The Times of this day, must have
been -disgusted at the impudent and senseless
ribaldry which it has directed against a respects•

ble Evening Paper, because that Paper had treat..
ed the late County Meeting at York as chiefly
what may be silted a Radical Meting. And it
may be fairly asked, judging from the proceedings
at that Meeting, what was it else ? The Noble-
men
and Gentlemen, who probably thought, from
their rank and opulence, that they should he held
in awe by the inferior orders, and suffered to take
the lead in any me::sures which they might think
proper to propose, could with difficulty obtain a
hearing, and, with all their efforts in the cause of
candour, justice and decency, could not prom'''.
attention to Mr. WORTLEY, who was solely in-
debted in this respect to Mr. WILLAN, a well"
known Radical Leader. Is not this fact then a
proof, considering the little weight which the
higher had upon the lower order of the People
present, that it was chiefly a Radical Meeting'
But Loud MILTON, once a favourite character is
the County, was assailed with many marks of di?
approbation, and was too much disgusted by the
reception which be experienced to declare his ear
timents as fully as he probably intended, if 11t
bad not been visited by a Radical Storm. Mr'
LAwsor M. P. it appears withdrew from (11.
Meeting before the Chair was taken, because ha
saw the general complexion of the multitudes-
and was persuaded, as the event proved, that
clamour and turbulence would overpower goal
sense and argument, and he stated his reason fat
withdrawing, in a letter—becaUse, as he said, "
means had been taken to make that Meeting what
it professed to be—a Meeting of Freeholder's
inasmuch as persons of every description, number.
of even women and children, were indiscriminattii
admitted into the Castle Yard." We agree with
Mr. LAWSON that this was a reasonable plea forth'
absenting himself from a Meeting that was likelyta
prove disorderly and tumultuous, and not composed'
as it professed to be, of real Freeholders ; but we da •
not see what means could have been adopted t°
render it more select. If an attempt bad been

made to preclude the Radicals from mixing in tbg
crowd, the utmost violence might have been the ►C'
suit. They would not only have assailed the Castle,

but the persons of the higher orders who might bg
supposed to have committed an unpardonable 01'
fence in possessingrankand opulence. But Mr-Lav/'
sots was at least willing to see with his own erg
what the Meeting was likely to prove; and then veri
properly declined giving his proportion of coon'
tenance to a Radical assemblage. But the manna'
in which The Times treats this Gentleman is Og
coarse, illiberal, and despicable, that no Paper frog
The Tinzes could commit such an outrage ups'
common decency. It has the impudence to in'
sinuate, that Mr. Lawson bad " improprietiee•
in his " wild noddle," which might render it right
for him " to respect the purity of feminine 04
youthful ears." To say nothing of the indecent
language of " wild noddle," applied to a respeg#
table Member of Parliament, the insinuatin°
that licentious thoughts • might be passing i°
his mind, deserves a more severe punishment
than any Newspaper can inflict on that apostats
Poper. The Times repeats the maxim, " Once $
Jacobin always a Jacobin ;" but it is a living con'
tradiction to that maxim, for it has been alter'
irately Jacobin and Loyalist, many a time and oft
as its interest directed, though, indeed, it may bs
admitted that it was always a Jacobin in heart'
which renders its hypocrisy and tergiversatioig,
the more despicable. But the true secret ng
The Times is this,—to attack others, in order, ing.
the present, to a‘o:(1 giving its own opinion."'
knowing with what contempt and indignation it ban
been discarded from many respectable quarters, ig
order to substitute The Sun, and The New Tutu
which carried away all its loyalty, spirit, politics'
sagacity and rectitude.

LoNGFORD ELECTION.—ThiS Election t„°''
nAted on the 19th inst. Mr. WHITE haViNg
dined any further contest. The numbers were
Fur Sir G. It. Fetherston, Bart.
LuLe White, Esq.... 371

Majority for the former 447.

I3arbadnes Pipers to the 12th nit. have reachie`:
town, Their contents principally relate 10 tt„'lli
diderenees, of a serious nature, it is said,
had arisen between Lord COMBERNISUB, the 11°1:
vernor, and several of the principal inhabiti"ll:,c
These disputes originated in the exercise of `4."00
was considered an illegal exercise of authoritYfli,
the part of Lord COMBEaMERE, in erasi"4,oB
names of two persons from the Commission 01,1 is
Peace. Improper conduct, but of what
not mentioned, was alleged against them by 01,
Excellency ; but it was contended by his OPIP/,,
newts, that he had not the poi,' to distnis:l'o.
gktrates without the consent of the Yrivl "°
ell previously obtained.
