COMMON COUNCIL

[FERMI-ER PART] cu its.]— Yesterday morn=
ing a Court of Common Council was held at
Guildhall to devise measures for paying a last
tribute of•respect to her deceased Majesty. The

Court was opened at one o'clock with the usual.
forms. Most of the Gentlemen present also'aP-
peared in black. It was resolved, that in the
event of the funeral passing through the City;it
shat] d. be, joined by the Lord Mayor and COr:-
poration at Temple-bar, and accompanied.to the
eastern bounds of the city. The Sheriffs vere
directed to wait on Lord Liverpool to ascertain
the route of the procession.—The Sheriffs, irn-
mediatelY after the Court was over, proceeded,
with the Remembrancer, to the Office of the
secretary of State, where they had an interview
frith. Mr. Itobbouse.

Mr. Sheriff WArtimAN stated that they at-
tended in. conformity with the Resolutions of the
Court ofConimon Council, held that day, and.
expressed the anxiety with which the citizens
and pUblic in general expected to have an oppor-
tunity of paying their last respects to the Royal
Remains, and the disappointment whiCh would.
be occasioned if they should be sent any other
road than through the City.—Mr: otilrouse
said; it was usual to convey the corpse of any of
the Royal Family under 'a military es.cOrt, which
could not pass through the City Without first
communicating with the Lord Mayor..—Mr.
Sheriff NVAiTitmAN. said, certainly that might be
done, if it were necessary for-a military escort to
attend the corpse.—Mr. HonuousE said,- he wodtd
represent what had been stated to Lord Liver-
pool, and that an early ansWer should be given to
the communication.

The Sheriffs then returned, leaving the Re-
membrancer to Wait for the answer.—At a little
before four o'clock the following answer was re-
turned :

" Whitehall, 13th August, 1321.
GE:4TLEAIEN—I am directed by the Earl of Liverpool; to
whom I hai.e communicated. the Resolutions agreed to at a
Common Council, held this day to inform you, that all the ar-
rangements for her late Majesty's funeral have been completed,
and laid before the King ; and that it is not intended that the
Royal Corpse should pass through the City,. in its way Cr :nu
Brandenburgh House to.Harwich, the port at which it la to be
embarked for the purpose of being conveyed to Brunswick, in
conformity to the desire expressed in her late Majesty's will:
" I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
" Your most obedimt humble servant,
" To. the Sheriffs of London," &c. " H. H0131101.75E."

FREEMASONS' TATERN.—At eight o'clock last
night a meeting of the Committee, that had for-
merly conducted the procession of the Queen to
St. Paul's, was convened at the Freemasons'
Tavern, for the purpose of adopting the mint ex-
pedient and expeditious means of attending tile
Royal Remains some part of the way to the grave
of its ancestors. An official letter from the Sub-
Secretary of State for the Home Department,
through the instructions of Lord Liverpool, pro-
duced a deputation from this Committee, which
returned as uninformed as it went. Jontrplt
Hume, Esq. M.P., Sir G. Noel, and Mr. Thel-
'wall, and several other Gentlemen, entered the
room at ten o'clock, and Mr. H. proceeded to
inform, the Meeting that they had just left -War.
denburgh-house ; and he was 'sorry to say, that
Government had thought fit to withhold all in-
formation from her Majesty's Executors as to the
exact route they intended to remove the Royal
Body ; hut, he earnestly requested all those
Gentlemen (who, would accompany the funeral)
to meet in the front of Brandenhurgh-house as
earls, as six-in the morning. The Government,
he likewise stated, had refused to permit nr.
Alderman Wood to form any part of the attend-
ants on that melancholy journey, as he (lid not
strictly belong to her late Majesty's Househord.
Mr. Thelwall was requested to inform the assem-
blage in the front of the Tavern, of all that had
transpired at the Meeting, which that gentleman
did, and the crowds separated in the most orderly
manner.—(lllorning Chronicle.)

At ratter a late *hour yesterday evening the
following Notice was placarded in the City

THORP, MAYOR.

Mansion House, Aug. 13, 1821.
The Lord Mayor informs his fellow-citizens, that the removal
of the Remains of her late Majesty Queen Caroline will take
place on to-morrow, Tuesday, the 14th inst. 1.
The Lord Mayor therefore suggests; as a mark of affection
and respect to her memory, the propriety of abstaining from ail
business which can be avoided on that day. ,
. By order of the Lord Mayor,
FRANCIS HOBLER.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, AUG. 13.
EX PARTE GREENHOUSE.

The Lon]) CHANCELLOR gave judgment in this cause on
coming into Court this morning. it was an appeal from the
Decree of his Honour the Master of the Rolls, and arose out
.of the fol!ow•ing. circumstances :—A Chapel, &c. had been be-
queathed to the town of Ludlow for charitable purposes, which,
the Corporation had pulled down, and disposed of the materials,
and the question was, whether they had acted legally in so
doing ? His Honour was of opinion that they had no right to
do so, and accordingly directed an inquiry as to the amount of
the proceeds of the sale of the timb&, stone, &c. and also
directed that an inquiry should be taken as to the amount of
the expence that would be incurred in rebuilding the Chapel.
The present appeal. was then lodged against that decree, and
having heard Counsel, his Lordship confirmed the first part of
his Honour's judgment, but declined making any order as• to
the latter part relative to the rebuilding the Chapel, as it did
not appear that there was any available fund in hand foi that
purpose. His Lordship. was occupied the remainder of the,day
on appeals of no public interest.
The VICE CHANCELLOR will sit at nine o'clock each day,
until the close of the present Sittings, which is expected to take
place next week.

PREFERMENTS.—On Tuesday t'e Rev. J. Scol•ell,'B.A.
of Baliol College, Oxford, was instituted, by the Right Rev.
Lord Bishop of Chichester, to the Rectory of All Saints, Lewes,
Patron, C. Goring, Esq. of Wiston.—The Rev. Henry Burnaby
Greene, Chaplain to his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence,
has been presented, by the Rev. Dr. Woodcock, to the living.
of Longparish, Hants, vacant by the death of the Rev. Andrew,
Lawrence.

OAK TIMBER.—There was cut down lately at
Middlesceugh, the property of Sir F. F. VA'NE,'
Bart. an oak tree, containing, by admeasurement4.
670 feet of solid wood: it was stag-headed, nine
feet in diameter, and yielded a ton of bark. It
will require at least 13 waggons to remove it.

FOR THE SUN.

EAST AND WEST INDIA SUGAR.

[Continual flom oar Paper of Yesterday.]

!laving raade these observations on what Mr.
COBEZTT calls " the mere trafficking part of the
"• Slit*Ct," I now proceed.to Mr. CROPPER'S se-
cond proposition, " that the opening of the East
" :India trade is the trial of a great experiment,
" that of a free competition between the pro-
" duets of the East, by free men, and those of
" the West by slaves." It has been stated in
Parliament, " that although slavery does indeed
" exist in -India, it is one thing in the West
" iadies, but another thing in the East ; that in
" the West Indies it was characterised by
" cruelty and oppression, but that in the East it
lost all its horrors, and was merely an,- exer-
cise of 'love and mercy ;, that in the West
" Indies.slaves were compelled to toil at the will
44 of an inexorable task-master, but that in the
" East no such system was known ; that slavery
“•there was purely domestic, that their services
" were so light, and 'their state so happy, that
" they absnlutely appeared as members of the
44 family -in which they lived, not like slaves."
So implicit has been the confidence placed in
these represeatations, that a number of pious
persons, 'With very tender consciences, actually
use East India sugar only, in the conviction that
it is not defiled by the hands of 'slaver like West
'lndia sugar, but made by the voluntary labour
of freemen : and it is with some regret that I
must disturb this pleasing delusion, by shewing,
on the most unquestionable authority, that slaves
are employed in making sugar in the East as
well as in the West Indies.

After the peace that followed the defeat and
deaf% of TiPeoo SULTAVN, the Marrquis of WEL-
LEsL E-ty hen overnor-G eneral °find ia,employed
Doctor BucnANAN to make a journey from Madras,
through the Mysore, Canara, and Malabar, for the
e-:press purpose of investigating the state of the
British provinces in his route. He was selected
for this undertaking as being peculiarly qualified
for it by his various acquirements, and particu-
larly by his thorough knowledge of the language
of the . natives ; and he was furnished by the
Governcir General with letters to all the British
Residents in the different, provinces; directing
them to give him every possible assistance and
information. He acquitted himself of this task
with so much ability, that a copy of his work was
deposited in the library of the East India Company,
and soon afterwards was published under the au-
thority and patronage of the Board of Directors, to
whom it was dedicated with their permission. This
publication,- which appeared in 1807, not only
proves the existence of slavery, but that the
greater part of the agricultural labour of the pro-
vinces through which he passed, and where sugar
is an important article of cultivation, is perform-
ed by slaves. The Doctor details the particular
mode of cultivating the cane in that part of the
yip: Id ; states that rice and canes are grown al-
t-Irately, and usually two crops of rice for one
of cane, to avoid exhausting the land. He gives
drawings of their mills, and other utensils ; and
describes the peculiar fineness of the clayed sugar
manufactured by one individual, who is supposed
to have been taught the process, which he keeps
an entire secret,_by TipPOO SULTAUS himself. In
Support of the assertions respecting slavery, I re-
fer your reade►s to the following quotations.—

LOWER. CARNATIC.
" Their farms they chiefly cultivate by slaves of the inferior
" casts, called Sudra and Panchum Bundum."—(Vol 1, p. 19.)
