TATTERSALL' S—YEsnenne Y. ...,61... VPr -
THE DERBY.
04..1: iE7:,...,,
The apathy:which has marked the Derby betting for e%Ve,.. ~.-e..... ze..-_,e4ek
past Continues as great as ever; there are certamly `iteWVOTlellef --"eee
who appear desirous to lay against, but scarcely any to ..',lxrfyi
Very little change will be found to have arisen out of few' en-
gagements made yesterday. Pleenix was backed at .0440' at'. - - -
~,,„ ,
11 to 2, at another at 13 to 2, and again at 6to 1, all iiiiiderttoi • - r'''-'-, '7 7,,
(
sums ; his present market price may be stated at 11 to 2, - ilig..l--;:..:.>
of 6to 1. Cobham declined to 1i to lin the early part
~,- t, ~,
and a trifle moreas it advanced. Young Rowton nominally-at' rr -, i.. j
to 1, with very few friends. lon and Be Barman as More, and
nothing done or said about D'Egville. The bets made on Alms 4„
dar, Bretby, and Conservator were fur small amounts. The het.
ting against Nonplus was as indefinite as it was in Phtenix's can,
18 to 1 having been taken in one quarter, and 14 to I in another;
to the best of our belief 15 to 1 would pretty nearly answer 014 --'
if ends of justice." A miserably dull afternoon closed at the f9b.
lowing prices:— .
7 to 2 agst Lord G. BentiAck's Grey Momus—take 4 fok
11 to 2 agst Lord Jersey's Phoenix—take 6 to 1
11 to 1 agst Mr. Payne's Young Rowton—offered
12 to 1 agst Mr. Coornbes's Cobham—taken,
12 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's lon—offlvd
15 to 1 agst Colonel Anson's Nonplus eolt--offered
18 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's D'Ffg-ville—offered
20 to 1 agst Lord Stradbroke's rieggarman—taken '
20 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Alemdar—taken & afterwads offered
25 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Bretby—taken & aftw. offered
25 to 1 agst Mr. Forth's Conservator—taken and aftw. offered
25 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird—taken
35 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Richard Roe
35 to 1 agst Sir J. Mills's Volunteer
40 to 1 agst Mr. W. Edwards's Drum-major—taken
40 to 1 agst Sir G. Heathcete's Amato—take 50 to I
40 to 1 agst Mr. Worrall's 1)(1-mouse—taken
45 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Monc Adam
1000 to 5 agst Lord G. Bentinck's Seth—taken
2000 to 10 agst Mr. Stirling's Aaron colt—taken
1000 to 12 agst Mr. Bowes's Jagger—offered
1000 to 15 agst Mr. Ford's Quo Alinus—taken
1000 to 25 agst Duke of Grafton's Chymist--offered
6 to 5 on Early Bird agst Albemarlo-"—taken
5 to 2 Cobham beats Phcenix—taken
1000 to 15 was offered agst Richard Roe a day or two back
4 to 1 agst Mr. Scott's lot—taken
visa OAKS.
The repeated attemps to back Ninny have at lene-th had the
effect of making her as good a favourite as either of the Newmarket
mares ; no one offers more than 6 to 1 against her, and full those
odds might have been obtained about either Barcarolle or Vesper-
tilio. Business is, if possible, more flat on this stake than on the
Derby. The following were the latest prices :-
6 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's Ninny—taken
7 to 1 agst Mr. Batson's Vespeitilio—taken
7 to 1 agst Lord Albemarle's Barcarolle—taken
11 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Callisto—taken
12 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Rowton's dam filly—taken
12 to 1 agst Mr. J. Scott's Mary Gray—taken
P"

_LYMOUTII SPRING RACES, Erna r.
The Lyncham Stakes of 5 sous. each. 2 ft. Heats, one mile and a
half. Gentlemen riders. 39 Subs.
Mr. Taunton's bl. g. Mustaplia, 4 yrs, lOst. 91b...Mr. Oliver 1, 1
Sir W. P. Carew's Vision, aged, I2st. 91b ...........
Mr. G. Scobell's Snatcliblock, 4 yrs, lOst. 61b
.......... ....... 2 9.
3 Sir J. B. Y. Buller's Wrestler, 4 yrs, lOst. 91b
...... 4 3
4
Sir W. S. Trelawn3's Great 0, aged
Won by a length.
A Handicap Sweepstakes of 3 sous. each, with ao added, mile
heats, were won in two heats by Colonel Gilbert's ch. c. Pass-
port, by Firman, 3 yrs, Bst. I 21b. (W. Framp',on), beating Air.
Brown's Lydia Languish, aged, I Ist. 81b; Nattlo's Venilia,
4 yrs, lOst. bib; Mr. E. Trelawny's b. o, by Hindestan, 3 yrs,
Ist. 121 b ; and Mr. E. Scobell's Snatclisolock, 4 yrs, 9st. 121 b.
A Handicap Stakes of 2 sovs. e,,;.(2n, with 10 added, heats, Two
Year Old Course, were won by a neck in two heats by Mr. Nat-
tle's Vcnilia, 4 yrs, 10st. (Kinsland), beating Mr. Ward's
Cinderella, aged, Ist ; Mt. Kin sland's b. m. by Cadiz, aged, 9sts
I Ilb., and two others.

BURTON PM SEA MEETING, HOLDERNESS.
THURSDAY.
Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each for all ages ; 12st. each. Mile and a
half.
Clapham's gr. in. Holderness Pride, aged —F. Hopkinson I
Ford's ch. m. Gipsy Lass, aged
4
•
Won cleverly.
Mat& for 50 sovs. One mile.—Mr. Baxter's ch. m. Burto-
Ma (Mr. W. Baxter) beat Mr. Bilton Clapperson's b. m. Won
very easy.
Mr. L. Ford's b. p. Wildfire (Mr. F, Hopkinson) beat Mr,
Fewson's bl. p., after a good race.

The Newmarket second Spring Meeting commences this thy,
and finishes on Thursday. The only race of any interest to spe-
culators on the Derby is the R.M. Plate, for whie..ll Saintfoin,
Bamboo, Paganini, Blaise, Dash, and several othees are expected
to run.

HORRIBLE TRANSACTIONS ON
BOARD A SLAVE SHIP.

(From the Jamaica Watchman.)
The brutal and inhuman conduct of persons engagc.sd in the slave
trade has often, and most properly, been made the subject of animad-
version. We have heard of the crowded state of the vessels and the
sufferings and injuries consequent upon that circumstance. 'We hare
read of the negroes being thrown overboard when the pirates have been
chased, and thus wholesale murder committed on the unfortunate objects
of European cupidity and avarice to prevent detection and pu.nihment,and
of numberless other atrocities which swell the dark catalogue of African
sufferings during the voyage from Africa to the British, Spanish, or
Portuguese settlements. We do not recollect, however, to have heard
or read of the negroes being fed upon human flesh—the dead bodies
of their unfortunate countrymen, townsmen, or relations. It appears,
however, that even this has been done--that human depravity has
reached to the height of feeding human beings upon the flesh of human
beings who have died, perhaps of disease, or been murdered for the ex.
press purpose. The inf ,rmation has been derived from two of the Afri.
cans captured by her Majesty's ship Snake, and landed some short time
ago at Montego Bay, and we cannot do better than lay it before the pub-
lic, in the words of a gentleman in this island, who, we understand, has
communicated the circumstance:to the Secretary of State for:the Colonies
—The act of a pirate in giving the plank to his prisoners is almost mild
and justifiable when compared to the transactions which,il really believe,
the present case will open to your view ; for there murders may be said
to be effected in hot blood, and in order to shield the pirate's life" of
crime from a death of pain and infamy. But here murder Is corn-
misted in cold blood—little by little, with deliberate purpose, from
day to day, from motives of calculating and selecting avarice, finally
to be wrought out, even atter perpetration, to a more 'deadly hue of
devilish wickedness by the cold-blooded pickling and preservation of the
victims, human flesh for human food. I need not here give vent to the
feelings which so sickening a detail of this most 'hideous feature in
the demon aspect of slavery naturally excites ; and I willingly, there_
fore, turn from them to state, that on obtaining two young girls as ap-
prentices, front among, I believe, some 250 captured slaves, taken by
her Majesty's ship Snake a few mouths since, and while inquiring into their previous state and habits, iu order the better to know how tQ ren-
der them happy in their present situation, I heard some indistinct ex-
pression of their having been made to cat human flesh. Exc.ted by the
horror of Cie supposition, I itlS'antly took the most quiet ana'sure Means
of leatnin; the truth ; and by questioning, through an. interpreter of
.their two country, the infamous facts were thus elicitel " That at first
they were taken tolerable care of on board, but provisions became short,
and then the flesh of negroes who had died was corned and boiled for them.
That subsequently live negroes were killed for the purpose on
sleek; part of their flesh being dressed, aii part being corned for use.
That more than ohe or two"people were so killed for that special purpose.
That the el..er negro. s, and not the young people, were taken. That
when selected, those who were to be killed were kept on deck, the
others being sent below; upon which the white people (the crew) felled
them to the deck with sticks (their screams being heard by all) and them • cut their throats, when, of course, the work of pickling and preparation, for food commenced. That the slaves did not at first understand thel, were eating human flesh, but afterwards when they did so, they revolfSed
at it, and much was thrown overboard."
Such were the d: tails as I first u derstood them ; and though, ,0,1 the
whole lam satisfied they aae what was related, yet I ant 'bound to
say that subsequent questioning so far confused the relation, P.'s to render
it doubtful— I st, Whether or not the flesh of persons "who had not
died under the knife had been corned and eaten, or ',Sees, only who fell
under the hands of the cut-throat traders were along: converted into pro-
visior s. 2d. Whether or not this prcvisioning rtiassacre commenced at
an early period of the voyage or later, when, want became excessive,
3d. Whether the slaves generally loathed and threw overboard the
flesh, or our particular ones only ; or 'whether the crew, finding their
demoniac supplyg rejected, did: ther,iselves help to c.ist it away. And,
4th. Whc.ther or not our particular apprentices actually saw ti,ser
murders perpetrated, or only heard the screams of the poor victims.'%,
I have thus been scrupulous in guarding against exaggerations,
because I would not leave, if possible, the slightest cavil by whir:, the
excuser of such unmixed vill any (if, indeed, there can exist so l',ase and
degraded a being beyond the limit of a slaver's deck or the door of a
save importer's counting house) might be enabled to eel; bne Parade
of the exasperation that I trust will follow the perusal r this tale, both
from you and from every fellow-subject in Great Bri'.ain, or even to cast
the shadow of doubt across the mind of a single li'rener who may be in.
yoked uncle; It to exert his influence in putt;,,, an end to such doings
by putting an end to slavery under the only r.sfective declaration of exter-
minating war against slave traders. Ft
,r my part, I would not care ta
allow every doubt ; the simple far:, now suddenly brought to light,
"that under deliberate selection of the victims the throats of slaves aro
cut, and their bodies carved up 'ay the knife, cooked, corned, and kept,
and delivered as provisions t.:4 their surviving fellows on the decks, and, by the crews of slave shil?'. in open daylight," being ample, and rnore thus
ample, I trust, to stir up the blood of vengeance in every British bosoia
against their doubV Cursed traffic.
Think of first degrading the poor beings who have been torn from their father.a., and mothers, and houses, into cannibalism, possibly on the
flesh of their own elderly and endeared relations, previously to consign_
ink them to an unrewarded, a heartless, and a hopeless life of poverty,
and toil. I will not st.rong you so much as to write another word; l'Alt
rest in the hope that an all-wise and over-ruling God has brought&is
matter before your eyes in order that, through the means and autti'ority
he has been pleased to place in your hands, His blessed proviso of
" peace and good-will towards men " may be iii Part w°,4-,_ssd out by
the utter subuersion of the entire system of African Trans... Atlantic and
Eastern slavery.

The two captured slaves from whom the relatio•
was obtained are
girls of about eleven or twelve, or twelve and t',,irteen, of exceedingly
..iot appear to desire con-
cheerful and docile dispositions. They did
cealincnt, nor in the slightest degree exar,geration, but they seemed shy
of being questioned for any length of ti*.ne. I forgot to ask them what
of their cannibal allowance. 'rho
in slavery here, but long, I
the crew fed on during the periods
interpreter is a woman of their c.,,Antry long
believe, exemrted from gene cal labour—l suppose about forty-five or
fifty, and did not appear to exaggerate, her manner also being re,
markably open, theerfuL, and quid: but, of course, there wag a little
hesitation, and some rant of clearness in rendering the questions and,
replies. •
