NORTHAMPTON.

The Conservatives of this borough, feeling resolved to
avoid the disgrace that has attended their brethren in the
North respecting an address to his Majesty on the subject
of the Dutch war, have wisely avoided a public meeting,
to obtain the feeling of the town, and have resorted to
their old and more customary method of making it a bole-
and-corner business. Without a single word being pub.
Hely known of their intention upon the subject, a hand-
bill, of which the following is a copy, was on Saturday
distributed throughout the town :—" An Address to his
Majesty from the inhabitants of the town of Northampton,
humbly soliciting bis Majesty to suspend hostilities against
the King of Holland, now lies for signature at the Guild-
hall." All, however, is of no avail—Conservative princi-
ples are at a discount in the town of Northampton. The
mask is too palpable to deceive any one, and the confi-
dence reposed in his Majesty's Ministers is as unlimited as
their most ardent friends can desire.

BARRISTERS' COURT, NORTHAMPTON.
The business of this C9urt terminated on Monday last,
when 103 names were struck out of the list ; of these 62
were on the side of Reform, 21 of the Conservatives, 11
uncertain, 9 dead. It ought to he stated, in justice to
the first party, that, owing to an informality in the notice,
of objections signed by the agents, they are deprived of the
means of striking off the bail voters of their opponentse
otherwise the disparity would, doubtless, have been the
contrary way. From a careful examination of the corrected
lists, there is the strongest ground for believing that two
Reformers will be again returned for the borough of
Northampton.

REPRESENTATION OF NORTHAMPTON.
On S ituiday evening, a public meeting was held at the
Peacock Inn, of the friends and supporters of Sir George
Robinson, Bart., and Robert Smith, Esq., to take into
onsideration a communication from the former gentleman,
announcing his resignation of the post which he has so
long enjoyed as one of the representatives of this borough,
and to seek out a fit and proper person to supply the defi-
ciency thus occasioned. Though it was the evening of the
market. day, yet the large room of the above inn (which
was calculated to hold more than 900 persons), was crowded
to excess. The chair was taken by C'iarles Whitworth,
Esq. Mr. Dennis read a letter from Sir Geo. Robinson,
stating that the infirmities of nature compelled him to re-
tire from public life, and begging to name George Bain-
bridge, Esq , of Winchfield, Hants, as a gentleman whose
political sentiments are in unison with his own, and as one
whom the electors of Northampton would find eminently
qualified to take the p .st he felt himself compelled to resign.
A letter was here read from ti-at gentleman, in which he
stated that he is " a Reformer, because he thinks Reform
is in itself the instrument of amelioration in all institu-
tions, civil and ecclesiastical ; that the mode in which the
parochial clergy are at present paid is baneful and vexa-
tious, and therefore ought to be modified, and the sys-
tem of tythes changed and commuted—that he is a
decided enemy to slavery in every shape, and would
consequently use all his endeavours to effectuate an abo-
lition of it in our colonies—that he considers the pre-
sent Minist-rs pre-eminently entitled to the confidence
of the country by their recent measures, more particu-
larly for having carried to a successful issue the great
one of Parliamentary Reform." This declaration was
received with the greatest applause by the meeting.
Resolutions were then submitted to the attention of
the meeting,and carried without a single dissentient voice.
The meeting was afterwards addressed by Mr.T. Sharp,
Mr. Lee, Mr. Hatfield, &c., who all expressed themselves
in terms of the highest satisfaction at the manner in
which the duties had been discharged by their late
Member, and with confidence in the power of the Re-
formers again to return two Members of their own
principles to the House of Commons.
