ROSCOMMo.N.

One of the most numerous and respectable county
meetings we ever witnessed took place in the Court-
house of Roseommon on Friday, the 14th instant.
At three o'clock, the doors were thrown open, and
in a few minutes the building was crowded to suffo-
cation. The requisition for convening the meeting
was read by Oliver J. D. Grace, Esq., the High
She'd, and at half-past three o'clock he was called
to the chair, amidst the most enthusiastic acclamation.
Amongst the gentlemen present, we recognised
the following distinguished personages :--The
O'Conor Don, M.P., J. 11. Plunket, Mount Plun-
ket, Denis O'Conor, Edward O'Conor, Nicholas
Joseph Ffrench, of Ffrench-lawn, Henry Corr,
of Durham, George Brown, J. Dairs, of Martins-
town, Edmund O'Beirne, Luke Taaffe, Athleague,
Edward O'Conor, of Bellinagare, George Davis, of
Rtscommon, John Dillon, of Mount-Dillon, Dr.
O'Conntll, of Athlone, Edmund Keating, Charles
Kelly, of Ballynmrry, L. Fallon, of Mount-Prospect,
William Dairs, of Ilarristown, Luke Ilanly, Bernard
O'Connor, James Balfe, of Runnemede, Richard
Dillon, Nicholas Hussey, Dr. But ke, Wm. Harrison,
John O'Ferrall, Patrick O'Connor, Patrick Browne,
of Clonford, Esqrs.
The lino! SnErtm, arose, and made the following
observations :—I have called this meeting for the
purpose of considering the propriety of petitioning
for the Repeal of the Legislative Union between
England and Ireland, in compliance with a requisi-
tion, numerously and respectably signed, and di-
rected to me. In doing so, I feel that I have done
no more than my duty, to comply with the request
of so respectable and influential a number of the gen-
tlemen and freeholders of this county.—(Hear.)
The first resolution, appointing Edmund Kelly,
Esq., as secretary to the meeting, was passed unani-
mously.
Mr. DENtS O'CoNott, eldest son of the Don, in
proposing the second resolution, spoke to the follow-
ing effect Sheriff and Gentlemen, I feel em-
barrassed in coming forward to address you on this
all-important subject, a Repeal of the Legislative
Union. I feel that language would fall infinitely
short in endeavouring to elucidate any thing new
regarding this measure. Our ablest and best states-
men and patriots have delivered their opinions and
expressed their hostility to the fatal measure of the
Union.—(}fear.) Were I disposed to draw upon
arguments, I might recur to those of a Plunkett, a
Bushe, and even Earl Grey himself, at the period of
the Union. 'The means by which it was accom-
plished have often been described as the most flagi-
tious and diabolical—bribery, seduction, terror, and
every nefarious expedient.—(Cheers.) Earl Grey
himself has described the means by which it was
effected, as calculated to blacken the memory of its
perpetrators to the latest posterity. Amongst the
many objections urged against the Repeal of the
Union is, that it would lead to separation—the re-
, solution I have the honour to propose goes to refute
that assertion. It is false to say we look for separa-
tion ; if I could anticipate that the agitation of this
question could in its remotest consequences have
the effect of separating both countries, I would be
the last to join it.—(lmmense cheering.) The re-
, solution passed unanimously, After the passing of
, this resolution,

Mr. FFRENCII, of Firm:lllam,, in proposing the
third resolution, spoke to the following effect :—The
question we have met this day to discuss involves
the diameter of the noblest empire in the world, the
vital interests of s our ki:tgdo►n—perhaps the ulti-
mate hardiness anti security of Rear and
cheers.) shall Ireland be restored to her rights
answer she ought, she must, she will.—(Cheer• )
Mr. Ffrench concluded amidst loud and enthusiastic
plaudits.

Mr. CLORGE BROWN and Mr. JOHN PLUNKETT,
of Mount-Plunket, next addressed the meeting with
great power and eloquence. Anxious to make room
for an ample report of their speeches, we reserve
;heir publication until our next.
The O'CoNolt DON being called upon by Mr, J.
Plunkett, now rose to address the meeting, and when
about to deliver his sentiments, a breathless silence
pervaded the whole assembly. He said, I have been
called upon to give my opinions. Those opinions I
have reserved until I should ascertain the feelings
and the wishes of this important meeting, which I
may truly sAy rtvesenis the whole county, I am

It must not be supposed because the history o
the latter conduct of the Wellington Government is
one tissue of absurdity, the ridicule of which is in-
separable from its narration, that it has not had grave
effects, though far short of the more immediate con-
sequences to be apprehended from such a mixture
of mischievous intention and clumsy expedient.
Our serious persuasion is, that the thirteen days of
November have approximated revolution in a ratio
prudence forbids us to name. Upon the King's
Speech, and the Minister's subsequent declaration,
thousands formed resolutions ,which once in men's
minds are not easily displaced, and which start into
action upon slighter occasions than served to create
them. Make a vast population think of what they
would do, and they are taught what they could do.
The Duke of Wellington's provocation set the public
mind boiling from one end of Britain to the other,
and where it now cools it is cooling into very stern
forms, such as have had no common shape since the
days of the First Charles. One or two things we
oak upon as certain, that the oligarchy roust end or
anarchy begin. Let us not be charged with saying
this for excitement, to feed an excitement at the
glowing heat of which we ourselves look with awe
and apprehension. We write but as observers, but
as watchmen who mark the boiling under-currents that
will burst in a deluge over this country if instant
vents be not found for it. The peace of the nation
is now at the mercy of accidents :—let any circum-
stance derange the commercial prosperity for an in-
stant—let the manufacturers' employment receive a
check, and the dykes are gone—then may come a
rush which military force would be as efficient to re-
strain as would be the bayonet to turn back the
cataract of Niagara. The Aristocracy who have
carefully separated themselves from the industrious
classes, who have kept themselves raised above them
in a lordly state, know nothing of the mighty
element which is heaving against their power. Some
vague fear, like the instinct of danger felt by the in-
ferior creation before convulsions of nature, is on
them ; but as things have been, they suppose they
will be; and moderate concessions, together with
troops of dragoons, are the remedies that occur
against the worst contingency. It is talking to the
deaf adder to counsel these fated people ; they never
will see the signs of the times—never will hear the
sough of the tempest, till the storm strikes them.
France, Belgium, Poland, the story is the same; the
blow brings the conviction, and the admiring fool's
saying is then in their mouths, " who would have
thought it ?" Were these infatuated men only
concerned, we could leave them to the consequences
of their blindness, with small anxiety ; but we know
the hideous features of the visitation of anarchy, we
know what must be the desolating rush of a people
to wild redress, we know how the torrent must
ravage before it can find its level, we know all the
fearful conditions belonging to the domination of rude
masses, inflamed with the recollection of past wrongs,
informed by sad experience what injustice is, but
not so well instructed where the limits of the right
and the just commence. It is not for the gentry of
England to expect in turbulent movements the
moderation of the people of Paris. The French
had their hot fit nearly forty years ago. The first
revolution had blotted out an Aristocracy Dever in
its worst days so insolent as ours, and perhaps not
more injurious though its tyranny was ❑tore direct
and naked ; but if we have to pass tilt ough the same
passage it is on other terms, and in other ciretn-
stances ; our Aristocracy will not have to do with a
population with which they have held kindly and
familiar intercourse; they uillfind themselves buffet-
ing with classes as unknown to them as the hordes
of the desert, masses of people to whom they have
denied knowledge by every device of impolicy,
whom they have condescended to know only in the
two conditions of tax-payers and creatures of toil,
men whose hands they have never pressed but to
labour, whose hearts they have never touched but

with bitterness, whose actions they have never di-
rected but as domineering masters. There is but
one remedy for this unsocial and impolitic state of
things, and that is one which the Government
should have the forethought and wisdom to see,
and the courage instantly to provide. The State
must be popularized. The Government must rest
on the basis of the democracy. The people must
be stayed from the exercise of the power, of which
they are now fully conscious, by extending to them
a legitimate influence over the legislature. They
must be made, and instantly, to know a self-impor-
tance to which they have hitherto been strangers.
Authority must either descend to them, or they will
drag down authority. Get hold of the masses by
fixing them in the lower machinery of the State.
Comprehend the better orders of them in the Con-

stitujncy, and convert the pike heads that may
threaten your breasts into the nails that will fix and
strengthen the elk of safety ,—a demoeratis Consti-
tution that may swim on the mighty waters that are
out and flooding the whole world.—Wesiminster
Review.

DISMISSAL FROM THE IRISIf MAGIS-
TRACS....-The Rev. JOHN DAWSON, rector of Killmore-
Erris, county Mayo, has been deprived of the commission
of the peace. The following are the facts which, we un-
derstand, led to his dismissal. The Maria, a new bri-
gantine of 194 tons, the property of a widow RUSHTON,
of Trieste, laden with stock-fish and other articles, from
Bergen, in Norway, to Venice, was wrecked on the
Erris coast, on the night of the 24th of September. • The
subsequent proceedings we find thus detailed in a Castlebar
paper :—" An auction was called, by whom we cannot
learn, but the sale. took place on Monday, and the mate of
the vessel, a foreigner, who did nut understand the lan-
guage or usages of the country, was compelled to act
as auctioneer, and, whet, directed, knocked down' the
entire cargo, sails, spars, hull, kc., fur 21/. to
the Rev. Mr. DAWSON, a Magistrate of Erris, and
a Mr, Divas, without the poor foreigner knowiug
what it meant. So far, indeed, was the monopoly of
this God-send' carried, that some people who canoe to
make purchases were directed by the Rev. Magistrate to
be ;one ; that they should get no bargains : and the whole
affair terminated io a few minutes, to the satisfaction of
the spectators, who boasted of the hundreds they would
make by their purchases, an the dismay of the uniform-
na.to mariners, who found that, after the greater part of
this surn had been deducted, under pretence of salvage,
&c., the entire proceeds of the cargo and vessel amounted
to a few shillings ! And be it observed, that the poor
people who risked their lives in rescuing the property from
the waves never received tire smallest remuneration. The
wreck took place on Saturday morning—those who sur-
vived were plundered—the auction was called—the cargo
sold, and the unfortunate strangers dismissed, all within
48 hours ! And had it not been for the charity of the
people of Westport, by whom SO/. was collected for their
relief, they most have perished for want." The circum-
stances were ull submitted to Sir A. Iliar, and the Rev.
—Dublin Paper,
Mr. DAWSON has ceased to dignify the magisterial bench.

w‘ort%.

1"),.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

• • FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France of Wednesday.)
PARIS, JAN. IB.—A Royal ordinance of the 12th
January directs that the offices of the Director-
General and Administrators of the Registry be
suppressed.
JAN. 18.—The King yesterday presided at a
Council of Ministers. His Majesty afterwards re-
ceived deputations from the National Guards of
various districts, with congratulatory addresses.
The Administration of the Registry and of the
Domains shall in future be carried on by a Director
and four Sub-Directors, forming with him the
Council of Administration over which he is to
preside.
The salary of the Director of the Registry and
Domains is fixed at 20,000 francs, and that of the
Sub-Directors at 12,000.
It is perfectly true that there is some intention to
transfer to the citadel of Amiens two of the pri-
soners at 11am. A Colonel of Engineers has lately
inspected the apartments of M. Virgil, which will
be made into a prison for the two Ex-Ministers as
soon as walls have been erected around that part of
the building. The Colonel has made his report to
the Government, and its decision is shortly expected.
The Minister of Public Worship has just ad-
dressed the following circular to the different
Bishops :
" My Lord,—The baptism of new-bern infants requires
the greatest precaution on the part of Ministers of worship ;
precautions which, if neglected, must occasion the moot
serious consequences. In the opinion of men of science
the application of cold water, throwu upon delicate organs,
may prove fatal, and experience has, unfortunately, esta-
blished the truth of this observation. Warm water is
generally used for this ceremony, but in some places this
precaution is neglected, although serious injuries may result.
" One of these unfortunate accidents has just occurred,
and has come to my knowledge. I, therefore, think it my
duty, for the above weighty reasons, to claim the inter-
vention of your jurisdiction with the Curates and co-
adjutors in your diocese, to make them (at least in the
severe season) use only warm water for the ceremony of
baptism. You will, no doubt, see the necessity of in-
sisting on this obligation : humanity and religion pre-
scribe its adoption.
" You will not, my Lord, find it difficult to convince
them of the extent of responsibility that a culpable negli-
gence in this respect will entail on them in the eyes of
tamilies and society in general. " BARTHE."
The Courrier adds the following note to the
above circular :
" It would have given us much surprise to have learned
that M. Barihe had recourse to an appeal which is for-
bidden by the Concordat, had we not known that the
offices of that department (public worship) are now nearly
the same as under the direction of M. Frayssinous."
(From the Courrier Francais of Tuesday.)
PARIS, JAN. 17.—1 n the meeting of the Deputies
who assembled in the rue de Richelieu, and which
was most numerously attended this evening, it was
unanimously resolved to advocate in the Chamber
the necessity of having 200,004) electors, of fixing
the qualification at 200 francs, of completing the
colleges of the departments in which the above sum
would not produce the number of electors, by esta-
blishing a minimum, and by admitting certain pro-
fessions, such as teachers, retired officers, advocates,
attorneys, and notaries.
The Deputies of Brittany and of the south could
not perceive the inconvenience of lowering the rate
to 200 francs.
WARSAW, JAN. 3.—By an order of the Ist inst.
the Dictator has appointed the General of Division,
Zoltowski, Inspector- General of the 3d and 4th
battalions, added to the existing regiments ; and
the General of Division, Zymirki, Comrrander of
the 2d division of infantry. M. Thomas Lebrun
is appointed Director of the Chancery of the Dicta-
torship. The former Chief of Squadron of the
Imperisl Guard of Napoleon, Ambroise Skarzinski,
is to take the command of the new regiment of
cavalry of Warsaw.
(From the Journal des Debats of Tuesday.)
PARIS, JAN. 17.—England does not deserve to
be stationed at the out-posts of the Holy Alliance,
as has been remarked by an eloquent Member at the
tribune in a recent sitting. The chilling politeness
of the Duke of Wellington towards our revolution,
without doubt, hastened the downfall of the Admi-
nistration of which he was the leader. This does
not exhibit a nation readily excited against the prin-
ciple which has triumphed in the events of Paris.
The Duke of Wellington has given way for a
Ministry which counts among its members some of
the oldest and most constant defenders of European
liberty. " Why, therefore, arouse without any cause
the rivalry arid hatred of a former age, and which
were every day decreasing from the influential pro-
gress of reason and sound philosophy ? Why, as
soon as an alarm of enemies was heard in France,
did some people exclaim against England with the
same strength of prejudice as existed when both
countries were at the greatest enmity ?
ST. PETERSBURGII, JAN. I.—On the 28th ult.
the Grand Duke Michael presented to the Generalis-
simo, Diebitsch Sabalkanski, the corps of officers of
all ranks belonging to the active army.
WARSAW, JAN. .s.—Since the proclamation of
Nicholas has been published, an enthusiasm supe-
rior to any displayed in the former struggles for
liberty has pervaded all classes of citizens. The
army is now on its march towards the frontiers.
The struggle promises to be a bloody one, for the
Poles will not submit unconditionally, and the lan-
guage of the Emperor is too decided to admit of any
doubt of his endeavouring to carry his threats into
execution.
The National Council have directed the Commis-
sion of Government to accede to the wish ex-
pressed by the Jews to be admitted into the Na-
tional Guard.
The artillery barracks occupied by the Volhynian
Guard have been converted into a manufactory of
arms. The Dictator has applied several millions of
florins to that object. It is expected that 60,000
stand of arms will be soon ready, each workshop
manufacturing 600 muskets daily—(Query.)
(From the Journal du Commerce of Tuesday.)
WARSAW, JAN. 6.—We are still threatened with
the cholera morbus. Fortunately, it has not as yet
appeared in Poland. It is said to have broken out
in Gallicia and Volhynia. In all probability the
Russian army will bring it to us, whence it will
spread into Germany. This must be a subject of
reflection for Europe.
The Diet, in its short Session, had laid the basis
of a manifesto of the Polish nation, which was only
to appear after every hope of a pacific arrangement
should have been given up. That manifesto will
appear in two or three days. Its publication will
remove every possibility of an arrangement.
(From the National of Tuesday.)
It is said that an army of 80,000 Austrians is
about to be formed in the neighbourhood of Lintz.
General Rumigny, Aide-de-Camp of the King,
is said to have left town this morning for La Ven-
dee, where some difficulties seem to have arisen in
the levying of the conscripts.
A great number of workmen are at this moment
employed in clearing and improving the harbour of
Boulogne-sur-Mer.
INTERVENTION OF TURKEY IN THE AFFAIRS OF
POLAND.
PARIS, JAN. 17.—One nation, from amongst all
the people of Europe, has protested (and not by
fruitless wishes) against the slavery of Poland.—
That nation is no other than Turkey. Whilst we
witnessed with cold indifference the destruction of
a courageous republic, the only barrier which de-
fended Europe against the invasions of Russia,
the Turks took up arms, and ran the chance of
war. They are, no doubt, called barbarians, in
opposition to our selfish civilization. Singular spe-
cies of barbarity, which defends the sworn and Divine
Alliance, the true interests of Europe. Upon the
death of Frederick Augustus 111. the troubles ex-
cited by Russia caused at Warsaw the election of
the King recommended by Catherine. War was
unanimously resolved upon in a Special Council,
held in the presence of the Sultan Mustapha 111.,
