FOR THE SUN.

MR. EVITOR,"frhiS is a period in which no
exertions should be relaxed to press continually
on the pUblic mind the consideration of the Ca-
tholic Question, with the important consequences
it would involve. I therefore offer no ,apology
should. any tbing.which bas been, or may be, ad-
vanced by me on • this subject be a .repetition of
that whicbmay before have beeti•bronght forward
in support of .the Protestant cause. It.cannot be.
too often or too earnestly considered. Whatever
may tend. to impress upon 'the 'Minds Of our-lel,
low-lubjects the superior excellence of. our Pro.,
testant Constitution, and more particularly what-
ever may tend to convince our ParliaMentarY Re-
presentatives that duty to their country and them-
selVes uron' them, one and all, firmly to.
maintain the rights and liberty of their Consti-
tuents, as..3e'cured by. the 'exiSting Constitution,
and to yesist.all encroachments which may, with
however little probability, •tend to weaken that
estahlisbnietit at a future'peeiod, cannot too often
and too strenuously be repeated.

I have marked with a,tegret which every
subject ought to feel, the insidious and gra-
dual inroads of the Papists on ourConstitution.'
1 have witnessed with pain their increasing in=
fluence on those through,whoseAneaus they will

(if at all) succeed. The manner in which they

have thus advanced, step br step, - should be.
marked by every one. ,Their,prefessed object, at
each advance was confined to the attainment of
their then expressed- desire,. with assurances that'
nothing mgrs. would Ge required.
_One concession
made, another, after a short lapse of time, -.was-.
petitioned for,. and with its grant they repeated'
their professions of being satisfied, and having
attained their utmost wishes : and thus have they-,
from time to time, by little and little, began the
endeavour to regain that power which in. past
age s has been the scot-pion scourge- of the Pro-.
testant world, and which has, constantly.. sought
its annihilation. • 'Thus modestly, thus insidious,
ly, have .they hitherto advanced, '' whilst we

have • slept, they have sown their tares ;" en-
couraged.by.Success, they no longer consider so
much circumspection and dissimulation neces-
sary ; they do not now, scruple at avowing ex•
plicitly that they claim to be admitted to an.
equal participation of power,with-Protestants in the
administration of Government. They do not. ask,
but they claim it AS a "-right," in.which, they say,

bey are entitled to shale in connnon with (heir

otestant..fellow,stibjects,--they ", demand" the
very basis of our Constitution.to he shaken—ti►ey
demand that the.very foundations of those princi7
idgs which were established. at the glorious. Re-
formation (from whence arise our "unjust and
un-
wise code of laws,") shall be removed--,they
nl6►td„ as-s Constitntional.eight;t to be again ad-
mitted to enjoy. a full. participation of political
power !

We, should do well to examine whether -the
right, which 6 here, .S 0 unblushingly demanded,
be well,grounded or rather, whether it have any
foundation at all. That it is altogether ground;
less?, and that the right claimed does not •exist iti
any particular class- of subjects, 1 hope. -dearly
and concisely to prove.

It will be allowed,. • Lprestne„ by every one,
hat the primary foundation and•keciprocal cow.;
met of civil society, hetweefi the Magistrate. and

the'people, are protection and obedience,. without
which no civil society cau•possibly subsist. lb

the. supieme power of the State is therefore vest-
ed, for the benefit of society, the authority of
" commanding what is xight, and prohibiting that
is wrong." And 'this, by the most necessary con-
segtience, includes also, the right to punish the
transgression of those laws which are enacted for

he vi.e.ll-being of such society=but, on the other
and, it cannot afford any' foundation for a claim

of
reward by the.people on the supreme pOWer,
for' the due obiervance of 'thiise 'laws Such re-
wards would be incompatible with the nature' of
society ;. nay, it, would be impossible to bestow
them, because " no Society can. ever find a fund
Sufficient for thatpurpbse, without raising it on,
the People as a tax, to pay it back to them as re-•
ward ;" the sUbjeCt, by' obedience, has-inrely most
ample reward iR the enjoyment of that order and'
regularity which results to Oe,State under which
.
he anskAeprotection he experiences frotin,

it. ;With the impossibility to bestow on all;
ceases, therefore,' the right to demand by any, re-
Ward for obedience to the State. Nevertheless,
the Roman -Catholics avow a claim to this sup-
posed right, in their demand
,to enjoy equally 'with
other subjects stations of pOlitical power, simply
because they morass themselves (vide the Catho-
lic Appeal). to be " loyal subjects of, the. British
Throne," to " entertain no secret vieves,'! to
" seek no innovation on the Political. Consti!u-
tion," "desire not the distraction •of the. State',"
"' do not pretend to ascendency,". because they pro-
fess " the.same allegiance," " venerate the same
Constitution," ",are governed by the same
Parlia-
ment," "contribute to the pecuniary supply
.of
the resources of the ;State," because they " do
not seek to interfere with the concerns of the Es-
tablished Church, its rights, privileges, or preroga-
tives," because they arc not more attached' to any
other " ROYAL HOUSE than the present-Dynasty,"
and because (as THEY say) " the oath's. they
'take abundantly provide against ".the admis
'sion of • temporal 'or -cioil• jurisdiction or su-
' premaccy of the Pope," and, with unblushing
thontery, they assert a most palpable falsehood ia
support hereof-, and call to witness " the expe-
rience of ages," to prove the sincerity of their le-
clarations ! !—But supposing what they declare to
be strictly true, it plainly appears that 'their
claims are founded upon negative, not ,on positire
Merits—and herein they
,have done no Mote' fhan
duty to the State tinder' whose Government' they
are requires- of them :—and consequently such
obedience, as I have beforeshewn, entitles theta
not to reward, butt() protection ntrly, in common
With other subjects. 'That this• protertind
amply .extended to them is a fact impossible to
deny :—,there were times when Papists dared trot
approach within. 10 miles of on.: Capital-when
their Priests were liable to perpetual impii,ou-
meat for the exercise'-of their sacerdotal lone-
tions-=-their• property subjected to confiscation,
their bodies toinmptisonntant, and other severe
Penal regulations. 'Where are these disabilities
'own ?-,Are they not annulled ?. Are nut the'Ya-
pists allowed the exercise •of their religion;: do
they notenjoy their rights in common With us all ?
lirdisputably they do. What further then tau
'they aspire. tdfc/aint P—lt is shewn' that the right
to reward (under which denomination :must fall
admittance or appointments' to stations of .r.)litival
• trust and power) does not exist : and, consequently,
the hardship and injustice of exclusion 'from such
stations must fall to the 'ground. Do Protestants
living' in independent, Catholic '• Countries • dare
simply to aspire, much less to claim a. right to,
places of influence and power in the Papal Domi-
nions ?—No---the horrors of an Inquisition would
requite their temerity—destruction would reward
• their zeal to ." accelerate the unrestricted opera-
tion" of the Government. Protestants similarly
situate would not dare the insultiog•Offer " to
concede erery feeling of resentment"--which therein
tacioy; but elearly, would avow, that they' did
possess such sentiments of *resentment. •'Why
'then'shOuld the' Catholics lay . claim- to of in
our Protestant State the difference between

the two cases is' too wide to admit them as,pa-
raltels, since the tenets of the • Protestant- do not
go' to compel his. obedience •to a Pottier foreign
and infinical to the dornin ton umber which lie lives :
whereas the Catholics Breed/hot/es nO longer, on-
they acknowledge the Supremacrot 'the Pope
over every other'" temporal or civil jurisdiction."
For as the Pope is acknowledged by Papists to be
" the Vicegerent•of God, Vicar of Christ, -Suc-
Tessor of St. Peter anti superior to all temporal
•Princes,'" thty cannot possibly give us any -suffi-
cient assurances'-on' any- point 'militating against
these, their infallible a' d immutable doctrines,
Which do -not allow.thein to keep faith with here-
tics—ante with Whom their• protestations and their
oallis.are equally nugatory.
It Will not•• now be difficult to prove the impo-
hiey of bestowing' on, and .the ineligibility of Pa.
Fists to till statious of trust and power in our Pi o-
t estantEstablishrnent.

• As. Religion is 'the very foundation of Society,
is 'Religion necessary to the existence of a eivi-
lized State e and ,that to secure 'the stability of
such State as Established Religion is absolutely
• necessary can -easily he demons: rated. For it is
-impoisible that Any Religion and S:ate policy can
exist together-' front each of tvßich ovponeHL
principles Would arise (as for instance the oppo-
nent claims of EcclesiastiCal over •Cieit-• Supre,-
tnacy)—t hey must be co-active---.there must • sub-
silt between them that union which will protnOtat
the itrerests 61 btith. This union of Church aml
State it is our happiness to witness in the Britisn
Constitution. There.is -" an obligation upon the
Church to apply its influence to the service of the
State"—antt hence, in return, proceeds pi Olte-
t ion, and the " settled maintenance for the
Ministers of Religion, and an Ecclsiastical
jurisdiction with co-active power;" and hence,
on the other hand, " the-dependance of the Clergy
on' the Stale. And from the State's obligation 'to
support and -protect the Church proceeds the
Ecclesiastical Supremacy•ef the. Civil 'Magistrate ;"
then arises, on the other .hand;:the privilege aMI
eligibility of " a Churchman to a share in, the .Le.
gislature," and hence the Bishop's title to his Par.
liantentury seat,•as'Guatdian of the Church.

• Ecalesiastital Supremacy and Ciiil Power being
therefore concentrated in the Civil • Magistrate,
" he is bound to protect h'e EstabliShed Church,"
though with thelion-conformity of any particular
sect of subject 4 -.bas nothing to- do, " unless
their tenets and practice are such as, 'threaten rubs
and scisturtanteta the'State." And it iti security
can' be prouinteil by " Admitting none but 0 e
genuintltvititers:of the Church to of ecs of tidal

and emolument, he is at liberty so to do : the'
disposal of offices being a matter of favour and
discretion."—(Blackst. Com. v 01.4, p. 53.)—The
English Constitution thus denying,-any Ecclesias-
flea! Supremacy, and the union of Church and
State being the very vital principle of that happy
Constitution (far both must stand or fall together),
the ineligibility of Papists to fill stations of politi-
cal power necessatily follows, because it is as
vital a principle of their belief that Ecclesiastical
Supremacy does and should exist, and is superior
to all "'Tempot al or Civil" Government, and
because they ascribe that Supremacy to an exist-
ent Power, foreign and inimical to our Protestant
'Constitutimi—the Pope.
The impolicy of admitting them to political
power is egnally deducible from what has been
advanced. It must he accounted folly and ill-
policy, nay, a disregard for the foundation of our
national liberty and safety, to admit those to
power who are hound by duty and their princi-
ples to promote the interest of a foreign Despot,
and con,equently cannot, with any sincetity,
de-
Sire " to accelerate the unrest►icted operation"
of that Code whose fundamental laws they al-
ready presume to judge and condemn ns " unjust
and nowise."

But when we come to reflect how subservient
all temporal concerns are considered to he to the
Ecclesiastical power of the ItomishChureh, am!
when we look back upon the means by which she
has aggrandized and niaintaioed her temporal and
spiritual dominion-, the persecutions she has au-
tl►orized, the atrocities she has committed, ,the
arbitrary anti merciless power she has assumed
over those who differ from her in matters of re-
ligions faith, and the base slavery in which she
has enchained her deluded followers, it is suffi-
cient to impress upon our n►inds the infinite danger
which (followiog the causes of their ineligibility)
must attend their possession of political power
among Protestants. \Ve have seen that our Con-
stitution is virtually and most essentially Protes-
tant, and as such heretical and incompatible with
the principles of the Itomish Faith ; that the
members of the latter arc bound to exterminate
a►ul persecute the former, that no assurances or
oaths they may offer of fidelity to an Heretical
Government are binding, because they may be
rendered null, and they may at any time be re-
leased from such or any obligations by their grand
sopetior, the Pope, who claims no Itas a power
than the absolving subjects of their allegiance,
and excommunicating and dethroning even Kings.
It is, therefore, impossible for our Constitution
to maintain its purity and independence it Papists
be allowed any adn►inistration iu it. For they
cannot set ve two toasters; they must hold to the
one and despise the other—they must hold with
and support the interest of their Spiritual Lord,
and despise, persecute, and strive for ascendancy
over their• opponents. That every kingdom di-
vided against itself is brought to desolation, Is de-
clared by " our common Lord, who is our God
and their God," and that division most he the
consegticoee of admitting Itotnau Catholics to ivoy
share of power in our Protest alit Si ate. The co-
existence in this n4dom of I'rotestat►tistu aunt
I'4,pery is, from their opponent natures, impossible
and incompatible with the British Constitu-
tion.

The divideil Kingdom would shortly. hare the
font) lation of its present Constitution insidiously
undermined, its very vitals sapped, in one word,
and in its nio!:.t fearful sense, would be brought
down upon our devoted heads " desolation,"
sweeping with it every ptinciple of civil and reli-
gious liberty !
In every age, since the beginning of the eighth
century (when first the Pope began to assume ar-
bitrary power,) tumult, sedition, rapine, cruelty,
and cold-blooded massacre, Sang4iiii ary torture,
nod barbarous murder have characterized the
progress of Popish zeal to implant their despot
standard in every kingdom, and have ever marked
their attempts to impose the fetters of supersti-
tion on mankind, and compel them to acknow-
ledge the univet sal dominion of the Pope. " The
expei leave of ages has proved the truth" of this de-
claration,

Should opportunity at a future time allow me,
l purpose to collect in another letter some facts
taken from the writings of Papists in the early
ages, and comparing them with those of later
times, in order that themselves shall prove the
fallacy of the pretensions of the Church and
Bishop of Rome to infallibility, and shortly exa-
mine the claim. of the Pope to the despotic and
impious asseition, that " Ile who reigned] on
high, to whom all po‘ver is given in [leaven and
Earth, bath commi:ted the, one Holy Catholic
and Apostolic Church, out of which there is no
salvation, to one alone upon earth, namely, to Peter,
Prince of the Apostles, and to- the Roman Pontiff,
Successor of St. Peter, to be governed with a ple-
nitude of power. This one he bath constituted
Prince over all nations, arid all kingdoms, that he
might pluck up, destroy, dissipate, overturn,
plant and build," &c.—(Commencement of Pope
Pius Vth's Bull of Excommunication against
Queen Elizabeth, A. D. 1570 )
At the present, it is sufficient for me to say, in
conclusion, that what has in time past -red,
may at future periods again occur that evil has
always been the result of political power in the
hands of Papists, and Protestant interests have
always been persecuted and diminished, and that
any proffered security given by Catholics to Protes-
tants MAY (not to recur to arguments to prove it
must) be hereafter proved far ally insufficient. I pot it
to every loyal British subject—should we trnst
with power the implacable and eternal enemies
of our Liberty and religions Faith ? And more
particularly I would recommend to the serious
consideration of the Members of our Legisla-
ture, that consonantly to their oaths to uphold
the Protestant Establishment, they should resist
all concessions ‘vhicit may place political power
in the Roman Catholics, guard well against every
nonavat ton, and reject their unfounded and uncou-
stiturional claims ; and consequently that they
should rather refuse to withdraw the chief corner
stone of our free and noble Constitution—even
iid the mast distant possibility only exist, that the

ALL MUST BE DRAWN NEXT THUBsDAy.
TWO PRIZES OF /..ao,ooo, 34 OTHER CAPITALS OF
1-5,000, 1-1,000, &c. AND ABOVE 1,300 PRIZES OF
I-130, L. 50, &c. &c.

TO coRREPONDENTS.
For the Letter signed ALUERT, see the First Page; and for

LITERARY REVIEW, see the Fourth.

TIIE.ITRICAL REGIS'T'ER,
P,rfanned Last Night.
THEATIM RoYA DRUNY-LAVE.—The Beggars' Opera: Cap-
tain Mr. T. Cooke ; Polly Peachunt, Miss Byrne.
Attest which, Tile Sleeping Draught.
I'eit:,iritE Ito AL, HOE N.—(ninth time), Rob Roy
Macgi egor ; Francis Oshaltlishone, Mr. Sinclair; Diana
Vernon, Mrs. Garrick. Atter winch, The Youthful Days
of Frederick the Great.

MAILS.
Auulven-1 Dublin, 2 Waterford, 1 France, 1 Hamburgb,
I Flaniltrs. I)uE-2(;(ittenburgle, 1 Lisbon.

PIUCE ()F STOCKS
THIS ItAY AT rwv.i.vE

3 per Cent. Excli. Bin,. ,2,1, 15s. 19s. pr.
5 per Cent. N. :1,111..1064444 Ditto,
India Bonds-- .SGs. 89s. pr. Coils. f,,r Acc0unt.....794-ffi!

HIGH WATEIt AT LONDON ISILIDGE To•NIOliltOW.
Morning, 51 tilitsincs after 12. Evening, 15 minutes alter 1

'rj jig SUN.

•OLEM QUI, Di( EKE FA t 1 1 .\II PEAT ?

LONDON,
THURSDAY, APRIL 2,181 g.

\Ve received last night the Paris Papers of Sun-
day last, and this morning those of Monday.—
The Moniteur of Sunday contains a Royal Onion-
nance, placing the sale of Gunpowder exclusively
in the bands of the General Board of Taxes. The
Chamber of Deputies on Saturday, after being for
some time occupied with petitions, proceeded to
the discussion of the Projet respecting arrest for
debt, which was closed in the course of the sit-
ting, and the first four at tides adopted ; the con-
sideration of the remaining articles was postponed
till Monday, on which day also the discussion on
the Budget was to commence, The Chamber of
Peers.assembled ott Saturday, and adopted the
Projet tegarding the St. Domingo Colonists.
We give a few extracts in another column. It
is now said that the Duke of WELLINGTON is to
leave Paris for London to-morrow.

The following are extracts front the Journals o
Monday :

" PARIS, MARCH 30.—The Duke of Bedford
arrived at Paris on Saturday on his way to Swit-
zerland. Ilis Grace only remained a taw hours
in this capital.
" There has been an alarming motion of the
eart!i in the Department of Cantal. At Vic, 13
houses have been thrown down, and others are in
danger. In the road from Attrillac to Saint-
Flour, there are several fissures upwards of two
feet deep.
" Letters from Albi state, that Madame Man-
son has at length disclosed the whole truth.
" Yesterday the Chancellor of France and the
Bureau of the Chamber of Peels presented to the
King the Projet of Law adopted by the Chamber
tor granting further time to ti►e Colonists of
Domingo.

" Respecting the complaint of Madame de St.
Morys, relative to the death cif her husband. killed
in a dud by M. Barbier Dufay, the Chamber of
Council of the tribunal de Premiere Instance of the
Seine, decided on Saturday that there %vas no
ground for a further prosectttion•of the -Sieur Bar-
bier Dufay,
" Madame Catalani's benefit on Saturday pro-
duced 19,200 francs. She Is about to set out for
Vienna.

" FRENCH FIVE. PHR CENTS.
" Sinn-day

" TANGIEH, FEB. 27.—The frigate Iviiich.lias
been presented to the Dey of Algiers sailed from
hence yesterday ; she has on hoard the Algerine
Commissary Bertalen, and 25 negroes, who have
been purchased to form part of the Dey's guard.

" MADRLO, MARCH 17.—We learn from Ca-
diz, that the equipment of the frigate Diana,
which was destined for Lima, is suspended. It is
believed that a ship of the line 'and a frigate, part
of those which lately arrived, w;11 set sail short-
ly, to proceed to the South Seas, where they will
relieve the frigates VeliptiZil and Esmeralda, and
convey some troops to Peru.
" ST. PETERSBURG'', FEB. 4.—The Court will
riot return here from Moscow till early in July.
" It is skirl, that one of the Grand Dukes will

be appointed Ifetman of the. Cossack, in the
room of Count Matta, deceased.

" SrocKnoLm MARCH 10.—The King proceeds
o Norway after his Coronation, which will take
place rally in May.

" rteNpA, MARCH 18.—It is ,44understood, that,
aff6;.the return of the Eutilieror trotii the Coti-
gress of Dussehlorff, the Empress will be crown-
ed Queen of Hungary."

This morning we received New York Papers
to the 6th of March, Boston to the 30th of Feb.,
and Philadelphia to the 4th of March.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, FE H. 24.

OUR RELATIONS WITH SPAIN.

Mr. FoRsYTH, in rising to offer the following
Reso!tition, adverted to the documents communi-
cated to the llonse by the Executive, from time to
time, on the subject of our negociations with the
Spanish Government, and observed, that it would
he seen by these documents that attempts had been
male, by negociations at Madrid, and with the
Spanish Minister in this Country, to bring the
matters in dispute la ith that Government to a final
settlement, but it had always been evaded by the
Spanish Government. The [louse had been in-
formed by the President that a negotiation was

then opening in Washington, and it was
very imp,trtant. Mr. FoLSTII thol,lght the Mose
should he informed of the result on the slate
of that negociation ; for Lis own part, Mr. F. said
he was perfect l 0 tired of negociating on our dif-
ftrences with Spain. There. had been ample time
for each Government to know its determinwitm.
Mr. F. then submitted the following Reso
%Able!' was agreed to withont opposition, and a
Committee appointed to comtannicate it to the
President :

" Resolved, That the Precident of the United Ktates be,
and In is hereby' re-guested, if in his opinion it is not incoo-
sistent with the public interest, to lay liefor,• this Ilon.e 50
much of the Correspondence with the Govei ronent of Spain
RA will enable Conttres, to itnlize what ground there is for
expecting, an amicable and speeds adin,toient of the differences
between that Government and the United States."

IRISH EMIGRANT BILL.

The House having on motion proceeded to Ole
consideration of the Report of the Committee on
the Petition of the New Yolk Irish Emigrant So-
ciety, praying to be allowed to purchase a quantity
of Public land in the Illinois Territory, the vest ion
on this motion was filially taken, for the Amend-
ment 71, against it 38, so the Amendment was
negatived.

The accounts front India received yesterday,
which were brought by an over-land dispatch,
are said to state that the Rajah of Bi RAR bud re-
volted against the subsidiary force which it had
been thought expedient for our Government to
place in his territories. It has hence been infer-
red, tact he must have had the support of SCINDIA,
whoa► other accounts stated to have been secu]ed
on our side; and be encouraged also by HOL•
KAR, and the PEISFIWA. It is so common for
.our Journalists on one side to exaggerate
unfavourable reports, and to indulge in gloomy
predictions, and for those on the other side to
pretend to possess more knowledge of distant
events thin it is possible for them to attain, thiit
no reliance can he placed on either hand, and
therefore we shall not apeculate on Ihe subject,
but wait for better information. The Jones of
this day has the following passage :--

" It is no indication of national vanity to predict with
confidence the .;uccersful termination of these warlil;e opera-
tions. The maxims prescribed by the 11;irquii Ws:Li.t:S LEY
for the Government of India, and to be found in another plot
of this Journal, are so just, enlightenvd, and humane; that
it is not easy to be conceived how wars shoold so frequently
spring up, if those maxims were faithfully observed."

IVith all possible respect for the kno►t•ledge and
judgment of the Marquis WELLESLEY, and for the
large and enlightened character of his mind, we
cannot help thinking, that the Editor of The Times,
in supposing that any maxims can be adapted to
all exigencies, is like the man who published a
book, which he stiled, " An answer to all the ar-
guments that have been advanced, or cads be ad-
vanced, &c," That the .Marquii suggested
the best possible max iota under the state ut things,
when those arguments were formed, and under
probable events at the time, we can easily con-
ceive, but what human wisdom can provide fur
all possible exigencies ? Indeed, The Times an-
swers itself in the following pa:sae :
" flowerer, the dispositions, habits, and spirits of the na-
tions with which we have to deal in India, must always be
taken into consideration, in an inquiry respocting the causes
of the wars there,"

IVe, thetefore, conceive that it is a strong
" indication of national vanity to predict, with
confidence, the successful termination of these
warlike operations," however we may rely on the
policy and experience of the Marquis of HASTINGS,
who certainly will combine the counsels of his
wise Predecessor, the Marquis WELLest.ey,. with
the dictates of his own judgment, and a due con-
sideration of the existing state of affairs.

The ADMIRALTY IiOARD, with !hat prompti-
tuLle with which it alwAys encourages exemplary

has, we understand, promoted Moos'
HOBILLIARD and ARGUIMBW, the yOttng
shipmen, whose conduct at Deal was so spirited
and commendable, to the rank of Lienteuan"'
not poly on .account of that good ,conduct, bat
froth the uniforni' testimonitins favOur of .theft
paste character, as well as professional krzol(l.
ledge and ability. It would be unjust to Capti
Al`CoLLocit if tve did not add, that be watched
over the fate of these gallant voting men with tllg
anxiety of a parent, and state also, that a fortud
Midshiptnan under his command in the sarud
vessel was honoured with file same prom°4

Lion for meritorioni conduct—a proof of tile

discipline and professional skill of the Cool"
!bander, which we are assured are exercised with
such urbani!y and kindness, as not only to make
duty light, but a pleasure. But we are
induced to resume our attention to this sub"

ject on account of its importance; for SatvG"
G► INO at Deal and its neighbourhood has reach"
e,l such an alarming height, and seems to
ceive such comittnance where it ought to trie4

%rid' the most vigorous resistance, that it is ani
imperative duty on the part of Government to
interpofe with the lit.t!tot energy, to support 1114
Law, and protect the ItEvENI.J.n.;

APPREHENSION OF ElUStitY..--1.1113111101.1i;11g
CO WIN acre teceivecl in town, t.t7rting that Huss(
the suppoF•ed murderer of Air. BLED and flo4o-e-

Iseeper, lit Greenwich, was taken yesterday:evening
atVtroOdstocit, in Oxfordshire : he 13 Vxpected
in
London by the NVood t ock coach this fteriitloof
will ontiergo an evitnination at 8..,w-stree;
this evening. We Lave doi,b: of die (act ni

the apprelluniion of. this man, but no official re"
port of it bad reached the ihurne Departmeut 'NV°

this l'oper «.$s put to press.

This day the Houses of Pat h.-intent re-asseruhielt
pursuant to adjoisulicnt.
liS•cter,lay the PP. REGENT WaS licttcr 0211
he was gm Tuesday, and gr-ive. amtiencus to1:1
emint CAS ITER , SIDMoi/Tlit Ft')
the Earl of Lt V( His Rovui [qt, mess
ceived visits from the Di,kes ut Cuisisrstrt,"l7°
CitmucEsTE.ft, and KENT, the Prince of 111:,55e
HomseitG, the PtiaCeiSCS AUGUSTA sad 1:0,-.1/1
BETH. 'file Princesses temaineti with their
Brother neatly t no
Yesterday afternoon, MAJEstv, the Prill;
cesses AUGUSTA alld'ELl4,\ BETH. rt..ecived "51.,„
front the Prince of HEASE-HOMBERG.. His tieret""
Highness afterwards rotic out 4)41 horseback. 0t"
tended by Baron O'NAGrITEN. His Serene 111145''
ness received visits at his residence to Sr. Jame';
Palace, from the D.ikes Of CLAlis NCE and 6.01.1".
CESTER, ToRRIN;ToN, and Baron HA'
DENBROOK. lu the cycling; his Serene 111.;hlics3
had a dinner party.
A Paper of yesterday contained a pat-31:00i
stating that the Princess ELIZABETH some (4") f,
since discharged her English attendants, s"d
the Princess had ordered her sundry nos, 411.0,
&c. French houses. This pat agrapti,
informed, is erroneous. The Prince,
tendants but English, anti !lore Of them arc
chitiged ; they have ieceiyed ctriee. to quit
Royal Highness's service, and are ter ITc-et--
twelve months' wages in advance ; some of tiller's,.
are engaged by the Dike of CLAIIENCF, 11J -
Royal Highness is inost humanely exerting' l'er-
•stdr to get them all nit() employment previo'"
her hating Eughntl ; some sit them will acc°ll.l
pai•:y her alooad. With tespect hvr 11.4)V
1 .Iglitit s4's We dresses, they are all of FAIg.-
lish manufacture.— (Morniiig Chronicle)
Yesterday the llnkt! and Doc:he's of GLOCC'
7'Fit had a select liar's' to dinner.
Ycs•erday the CilAscri,Loa of the Exci-tgatili
gave a Cabinet dinner, at his house in 1,)0,"i!).6.

str.c . ris
The Ninth Iteport of the Finance Cifiroliitte
come forth : it ;relates to tile Ordnance defl3,l;
nrent ; but tptr r. crs oth l
ing worthy of remark, ';
`-in employed wholly in Matters of attangeluel3
and derail.
DUEL.—A d'spute arose respecting a
Covent-Garden Theatre, oti Monday night,
t.vecit Captain N— It. N., and Lieutenant
of a Foot illectilig Was appoi"Ted
at Chadt Far in, at G o'clock on Tuesday triorniog,"
At the appointed time and place, the parties, sleet!
their seconds, eutemied ; the grontl(l was 171,6
soled, eight paces being the distance fixed• t,„is
parties flied together by signal, but both
57,,
proved harmless : y fired again, whet) Lit —4;
tenant L.'s ball grazed Captain N.'s bead, "1.1,-,
lot Innately did no st rio ;sly injore biol. BY, t",-
pot,it too of the scc,mds, Oil amicable ad. 141,5-;
nient of the -'flair took place, and the [tattles le'
the ground friends.
John Gitrog, chininev-sweeper in Glasgow, 1,1,41,5
been fined in 11,1. for using one of his boys craeny•
Oo the 2il tilt. Alr. BLACK, the superintendent of
fire-engines, and his men, having been called "j
a house on fire in Argyll-Coin t, had to make 3
hole in the wall to get at the vent, recently Oil
fire, ..hen they discovered in it a sWee? 1-OY'
who had been forced tip by his master. A pro'
secution was immediately instituted by Mr. 13t,A65'
and the master for sonic time defended ; b it at I.ot
plead, d guilty, and threw himself on the piaci
of the Court.

THE I,7oYAGE OF DISCOVVRY NoRTII «'ESI.
PASSAGE ! ! has Caned forth the entrpti3ing oei
nius of the British Go vet [intent : the Erpeddioll
SA Is on Monday, but the recenl discovery 111;4
wo (of the Three) RTv TilousANDs ! are ve,t
in• the Wheel, has aroused the ardour of all
venture's to hostel.) with the litinost Erpedition i"
FaToN, 2, CouNnit.L, whure the GOLDEN l'`°-
SAGE to wealth is eaSV Of access, and sure of
taittment, by those Who APPLY BEF,tia
, the Last Day of Dratvittg, when ALI'
the GRANO P,IULLS MUST lb is DRAWN.

r
