eto knowledgetoao s
sAer
of tI
hj
thasate so
v?
errTunheislesUt
sufficient
negative. It is doubtful if Syria be an alt
tageous possession for Egypt, admitting tPri,
reconciled with the Porte, Mehemed Bich'
tamed it with the sanction of the Or:
answer this countries
Seignior. Syria is not, like Egypt, a flat cony
where oppression finds a free course, and where tn
oppressed find no refuge. It is ridged with ra°llbr;
tains, natural fortresses against tyranny. Its if,: i;
bitants are not, like those of Egypt, fashiOne
slavery; on the contrary, they are unruly, fact'o'
--always at war with Turkish despotism, "'hie.',
itself mild, compared to the despotism of MehemetAli.
Ali. One is unequal, capricious—but allowingti
its own fancies, some relaxation : the other, s°
speak, is formed into a Charter Naplouse witi. %
villages, which are so many fortresses. Mount
bany, with its defiles and its warlike populatiG:
Dames, Aleppo, Tripoly, with their inhabitants
clined to revolt, will bend with difficulty to
heavy yoke of the Egyptians. For Mehemet '
the First, the inevitable condition of sovereign
uonestrtiioes n
even for a short time is not to demand any of t"
resources which they might offer to a new 0P.,,:,
The Porte has never ordered any men to be le°
in the Pachalick of Adana, or in the various goYen
merits of Syria. All the troops it has derived 1:11
them consisted of voluntary enlistments, and ali,r
the establishment of the new military system,
have not exceeded a single regiment. The finaric
resources of these different countries were ala 3,.
nothing for the Imperial Treasury. The Pacha"
of Adana supplied 1,500,000 piastres (20,000;
The Pachalick of Damas was more costly than Pj
ductive; that of Aleppo did not yield 20,0001.
losing Syria and the Pachalick of Adana, the 6'41
Seignior has been obliged to give up important a
tary positions, but its power is not much weaken
by the loss of provinces rather traversed than ne

quered by the Egyptians.
(From the Moniteur of Wednesday.)
PARIS, JAN. 15.—A letter from Nice says-4, The
Dey of Algiers abruptly left Nice on the 4th for Legh°rin
is affirmed that he took this resolution in consequence o'l
conduct of three young men of the principal noble fstei
of the city, who came three different times, with tbr.l,
four days interval, about midnight, and made a o°.;
knocking at his door. The Governor sent for the Yr
men, and threatened to put them in prison if they di'
go and make as apology to the Ex-Dey. They we°
cordingly, but Hassim, incensLd against them, refus"
receive them."
The Moniteur contains long accounts of the 411
speeches, &c., at Lille.

bie,diat.RtonStliDn:
r11)::(2
Ad. tak
re
lotirued en t,
CIT
—.AMBER
"e a,

(From the Messager des Chambres of Wednesdayi
P.tars, JAN. 15.—The King will tertian at Lille A i
longer then he intended. He will doubtless stay
longer at Douai also, so that, instead of returning to ro
on the 17th, he will not be back before the 19th, or e
the 20th.
The 16th regiment of the line quits Paris on the 1'
19th, 20th, and 21st, for Chalons-sur-Maiue, in order
make part of the army of the North. It will be reqi
at Paris by the 58th, which comes from the army °f
North.
The Keeper of the Seri, made an application t 0
Court of Cassation against M. Boudouin, counsellor 01
Royal Tribunal of Rennes, who had signed n addrees
the Duchess of Berry.
To-day the Court, after learning the accusation bY
Attorney-General Dupin, and the defence of M. flood°
passed sentence suspending the magistrate who suruill
to the bar, from his functions for six months, °I3 e
ground that, by giving his assent to the document io
tion, M. Baudouin had acted in a manner contrary t°lo
dignity of the magistracy, and at variance with his ust
(From the Journal des Debats.) ;of
The Aviso of the Mediterranean, of the loth '0
has the following article:—" The Marengo, the Iliete
nie, and the Var corvette, are preparing with all el
Lion to put to sea. These vessels are destined t°_
urea, where they are to take on board the French tr,
who are to return to France. The Galathie frigalo
ready to sail for Constantinople. The Ambassador
to embark on board that vessel, is expected in a few "
(From the Constitutionnel of Wednesday.) ,11
PARIS, JAN. 15.—The Gazette of Lausanne bso,,
following article :—" The report that a diplomatic/
had been presented to the directory must be node' h
as follows is said that the President M. P:.yffe,,ar
received from several Ambassadors, and especially fro'e
French Ambassador, verbal declarations, in consequent;
which he has been obliged to make several inte,,,
observations to the Members of the Commission for r`
ing the ftderal compact in their last sitting. io
" Switzerland,' said M. Ply tier, ' continues to bent
state of disorder. The continuance, of which the

etc the r
hi:ner ; 1,191 1
powers cannot look upon with indifference. ie. i,, 41 an in,
new Government are completely without 100°4 Riciep,ite the w
'ohs -
authority. Many men of patriotic opinions perslP.of' )4„._rCons
refusing to take into consideration the situation of s°l I •slZbers 0. being
anti tet7tires of land with regard to foreign Powers. It is time
store union by moderation and concessions. If 111 P j
441011,1Y14 Petsibl
should lead to a complete secession, which is alrearli beet
r tare °e
too well commenced, an intervention of the high I:,, hell It was, eh',
would inevitably take place, and their intervention
he such, that the high powers, appearing t°,4. poiNsDeili'ygiolt was
disposed to consider the coalition of Sarnen as the ni 1 e„..•7q th.' and the
of a confederation, could not be satisfactory to tb. egi • tc:ena 1,4- "11°Nvint
generated Cantons. M. Pfyffer, in consequence, TA I.torth!ing 20ft
the members of the commission to exert all their isuir,, , eaCtis atie,uri)°°e
to prevent in those Cantons any imprudent resolutiol.. ,tits, -'e Was
M. Pfyffer thought he ought to advise that their -41lot,e0kTE 1
convoked for the 15th of January should be
several months. lie observed further, with respect is tarbe 4 the elector
affairs of Bale, that it might he resolved to act in I. LtsteZt 100 francs
manner as to cancel by force the late resolutions; 13P„ . 071 orPilr:Verty of
could be done provisionally in that respect; that 1",. se,"Ns l'anicloal
put of;
~, raiNhiciii ciuse.thoef
dering military measures for the maintenance of our , 447.queenied by th
trality, the Confederation put itself out of d mger °Pi,
aide only, while it betrayed still more the deplorabled..
of our military institutions; that the high powers iti4'44naTriebjag
ise2ins_ovre resided a
444 s, .urgeonusna
be displeased ; and, in short, that the present sat' l'
proper moment to discuss a new political comPact'l Laa,
prof
the rn '
that it was advisable to wait in order to see what '''' 'e head ern
s of al
literl4ofessor
.11 t 7
a_e the elect
the great affairs of Europe would take."
(From the Message,. des ( hambrcs.) *---5. The
fins 44)lbe"Itue
PARIS, JAN. 15.—A person arrived from London .- I st„ -8 he rce, an,
us a little information relative to the Russian Embassi) te Ilapal nks---6 ]
and its proceedings towards the French. For two yesit,ei ' lits.,_ 6 o.fficers, hi
have not been favourable, and the communication t)) .te tZrt. list should
them not agreeable. It was sufficient to come from P
ti 200 t
4104,„..4e_different,
badly received by Prince and Princess Lieven. N°ll -
ever, and within a fortnight, all is changed. The Ana , , rrtY approa
AN, . All the indil
and Arabassadress are all affability. The French are t t
with distinction, no more ill temper is shown, they 5
war no longer; and, it must be added, that M. Pow di
i
Ivolltiti;Zrle ByGEA
Itt:tielit
uterilele4, a?'
ssh° it' hthhiel

is very careful in his conduct towards M. de Talleyrand.

t, - a great
4could only be
,;cl, therefore, any
be a'h Winchr
but an
41' licir°oe•dutioa him to IN
Mt dividuals coral
ex4aton and attainn
'Pelising the rights
n'HARC(
-nent
144 of our Hon. Co
1441, Uee a consider;
licetoral body, w
till4.cation a disp
firkalle, and likely
leli,."'"t Upon whic
5. ctual faculties a
ittnt th 9se who suri
,rit:,,are the scource
sea :1 that can be gi
ev 10 reftlte.
fII
ittiing oZY thing, and
'onsists in iv tnod,, o and genet
stet aPPlying t
0btr44.4341; the wen
er,utlle itself, and
ttteht, 4''et for this
tiornk je4,,t'lec We detc
hstra,-t" aWaY chi
Of 30tj,,, 400 the least
indoeer,`Y, tO What the
eXist4,4,`° 'Mt the
to Ni.f. Or all progri
liBhter,t‘ociety a d,
greate:l as this 51)01
negl4 ' inost co
intere„,„44(l
connect for
Gentiet4 connected w
specie, that the,
Well 0, Political Cl.
stabilit),4,NPloYed, t
,o the States
We verthrew thQ
s 1) akin laws, w
feetion of le terests r 'cgislation
,Wads the
It 1,1,11,
e observe
an error wi
]° observe
in
Atesseng.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Wednesday.)
CHAMBER OF PEERS.—SITTING OF JANUARY

Baron PASQUIER took the chair at a quarter befor
There was a considerable number of Peers present,
the places devoted to strangers were crowded. The
Broglie was the only Minister present at the opening i.
sitting, but M. Barthe arrived afterwards.
The Chamber proceeded to the general discussion of 11,
relative to the repeal of the law of the 19th January, 1811
Count PORTALIS opposed the Bill, by arguments)
to those which were urged against it last Session. 14,
tained that the law of the 19th January, 1816, involved o.j
spirit, no political reaction, and that its repeal would
that France approved of the crime by which the s
was violated on the 21st January, 1793. He should tb4
oci
vote against the Bill, and against any amendment whieli i
manner preserved the principle of it.
General MATHIEU DUMAS supported the simPle
of the law of the 19th January, 1816, arguing that Fran j,
t allbdeutfc
or
riinmmsedepiotafe
ptohaf;et
the9.w les
were
January,ecoudecidedntry.
iwhichTnhoepes;
ber of Deputies, but the majority had agreed to propesetil
tomnhroiettwtte dh
expediencyee
hixi ol
hti aebt yeh,
of amending the Bill as proposed by the 0
Chamber the modification which had been presented in/
port.aw
He, however,
M w considered that the unmodified t
the
ilt
Admiral EERIAU read a discourse in so lo a to
it was impossible to catch more than a few unconnecri,
sages. We understood that he approved of the Bill, an
°
that the Sublime Will of Louis XVI., in which he lac
oblivion of his sufferings, should be engraved on a vid
tablet, and placed where it would be perpetually the 9
contemplation. . _At'

Baron MOUNIER referred to the example of Engll
respect to the 30th January, as an example worthy •
tion. He wished the Chamber to render its decist'f
preceding Session, or, in default of so doing, at °'',l,
to adopt the modification of the Bill proposed
Committee.
Count ROEDERER supported the Bill as aAlopte;,/1.
Chamber of Deputies, observing, that the whole spiry •
enactment might be summed up in the emphatic pht3,:4
every nation had its day of grief which it would
possible, efface from its annals." The memory of
January, instead of being perpetuated, should, be
possible be annihilated.
Marshal GROUCIIY supported the preposition of ti`
mittee. it"
The Count DE COURTAVEL oppcsed the 13"_„/'
He said that if he could imagine that the observaw
