DEFECTS IN THE NEW. COURTS.

Mr. litME presented a petition from a large'
body of the attorneys., of London, pr•iying the
House to take into their consideration the very great
inconveniences to which they, in common with the
Counsel, the witnesses, and the public at line,
were subjected by the small size of the new Cr'melti
in 'Westminster thilli,and their utter want of arscom.
modation. He recommended the petition toAlie
table. - •
serious attention of the flo Yt:fli ellt.— on the
Mr. HUMS gaVe notice that at the next natill
of that House be should present a petition on the
subject of Private Committees.,
NEE jto I. AVERY.
Mr. iIItOEXIBAM said that in rising, to bring
before thi•+ Huse a subject, be mivht venture to
;iiy, rnori: momentous iii the eyes of the country
ittd the world iit hark) that! any which had elattnerl
the attention iat' I mirhament during the ''bolo of
this long and prtnructed Se lion, he kne►v it Wa•
:I::: I :Shill:111th: tl►is day, Was
bhaittoludfrolhe lolPtlpile7riiBuctu•foi errahr:hillatj

he had been blamed for not postponing it to another i''
, session; but the apology that lie bad to make was r
not that he refused to put it Abut that he had de-
biyed thosiong in bringing it on, and he should le
utterly without encase, and he should stand roe. •
Ifeled of a beeseh of his pabfic dutY--Of the dot)
he owed w the character and honour of that Hoes' L.
of Which he lied trie honour to be ,a Member-4 r
the interests, feelings, anti universal principles of the
..
people' olthis country which that House governed
and, he might stdd, to the feelinge of all mankind, by
whatever name they Were called, and into whateve. .
femilies they were distribute), if he had not a sufli-
lent newest) tender that he bad oolong postponed tt
ett discharge of this imperative duty: . What hap.
paned tit` err early period of this Seising, anti the
matters of preoing and exigent intere't that °centre°
towards its close, most form that excuse. He had
hoped the Government would have been able to re• ~.'
deem Or? Pledge he had received from them, an ry,
which, during last Session, had restrained thi.
course. He had hoped, from what ' had passed
early this Session, that he should have had the fro- tk
hour to second a motion of the Chancellor of th, ','
Eichequer for the Improv, ment of the Adtninistta- •
l don of Juotice ht the colonies. That that ex- ..1
peetation had been frustrated—that the pledgrthes '.,..1
giten brad been unredeemed—that the promise l'ass'
• been unpeefermed—he might lament, •but in can-
.-
door and faintest' he was bound to say be would not
blame the Government, for he was aware that per! 't, ;
of the measure 'only could *nee been obtained.— IPei
namely, the admissibility of slate evidence in ail .i,:l
elms, but ' that what they might hare dune must ill
have feNn .short of the real improvement required llt
by
.the Colodiall- Jml4cature, and that evert rhet ';;!
could only have been obtaiseed ripen some Titian:7W ' 's,
al
arrangements which it vectilii have taken time to t ~'
dispose of. If he were to postpone the discussioi, '
for one hour longer, or to suffer drat House to hi'
prorogued, or the Parliament to be diesichved, with-
out
the House having pledged iteelf, or its sums.-
- sor, to do Its duty in this matter in the early. part ,
of next Station, was a thing so entirely out of ?be ~,
question, that he should offer no apology for intrt - •:
(hieing the question now. Although the lateness t.„.
of the Session and the eonsevent emptiness et the
benches would have dissuaded rather than courete!.
led the proceeding, it vies entirely impossible that hi.l
he should *consent to a further delay. }h trusted
Ise should be saved the necessity of going into the i
details of this qttestion,' far their own kllOWledire PI 4A
those details, rendered more they a mere general ki.4
statement superfluous. Among the fleet objection
with which he should be met, he bad no dontrt be
should be told of colonial independence--45f Media-
mentary interferenee..--of the legislative rights and
privileges ora Colonial Assembly—and of the Arse.
dean war. He thought a single glance at ths,
last of ' these topics, fry all who knew any
thing of the fatal history of that war, would
suffice on the instant to brush all these topics away
' together. That Colonial Assemblies had rights .i
and privileges—that, to a certain degree, they ..
were possessed of independence--and that the.
. Parliament of the' mother country' were no .•
without necessity, to interpose, no man was more ie.
willing to confese; but that when these Legieli,
lures neglected their dtities—when there were lord
prejudices they had not force of mind enough t,
break through--4hen step forward in the march of
improvement they could not—stand alone they dun'
not--that, under such' circumstance!, this Pm-ha-
ment was not to interfere, was a doctrine Mimi•
noble to the Legislature of the mother, country, ate
4 mockery of their privileges, and, if allowed, NrOtllr
be an abandonment of their duty, of which h
trusted they never would be guilty; and above at'
it would, be a• most portentous novelty in the his.
tory of Parliament, of the plantations, and of th
mother country. As to the American contest, 411,
defeat of the mother country, and the triumph ot
the colonies, whoever had read the history of th,
American war--and he addressed himself to met
' who were, most conversant, with it—ewoultl admit h'
wait right in asserting that in whatever other ground
it was that , the colonies .triumphed, or the mother
country quailed, this one of the right to legislat,
for them was not of the number. Ignorance tin
moat. gross—the greatest inexperience could not jtis•
tify such an argument. Let them net forget tha
Ihe question: of the supremacy of this Legislature or
the mother , country never was abandoned—neve
was determined, because it. was never mooted; fo
the whole of the Contest. was rigidly and strict!,
confined to the power of the mother country' to to
die colonies. Voluntarily, as We said, but compub
sory, as history would say, at the end of the was
the mother country abandoned that right ; but tiler
wits a seving, ',an express relissertiou of the right r
the mother country to legislate for the colonic,
thereafter. :So said history, thus spoke the record•
of the Statutes-.-but thus also spoke a fact which
if both history and the Statutes were silent, woei '
he sufficient • for him to rely on in proof of what h
said, and the mention' of which should close his al,
iervittions on this part of the subject.: Ile believe,
there was no man who, from 'the beginning- r
she American contest to its end, on either side
-ook a more forward part, or made his nom,
more illustrious in all time, titan Mr. Burke. Di,
he yield the •question of the right to legislate fa
the colonies? No such thing. In one of the hat'
speeches which he made when he gave up the rem,
sentation of Bristol, which he had representet
throughout the war, he maintained, as he had al way
done, the right Of the colonies, not to be taxed ; en.'
in the otiose manner did he maintain the right of th
mother country and of the Imperial Parliament t,
give laws to 'the colonies. But there ,vas eatothr
fact, with respect to Mr Burke's opinion, whir
must carry conviction to the minds of all who en
termined any doubts upon that subject. Mr. Burk
prepared a Bill with his own heeds,: by which ii
tie propounded 'directions fur the regulation of all th
colonies;' but with, respect to slavery, the rights e'
the slave, the duties and Obligations of the maste,
the boura of labour, the remission from toil, the pre•
visions, elothio, and lodging, the treatment of th
slaves Whibt sick—in abort; every thing which pa.
414 even over.interferenca might meddle with, di,
he regulate, both.ai regarded the right of the mat
ter arid the privileges of the Slave, with the utmos
possible degree of minuteness. In the height ant
heat and exacerbation of the controversy to wide'
the discussion of that . colonial question had give.
rile, Mr. Durke handed- over that Bill of his,
Negro Code for .the West Indies, and lit recoto-
nlended it to Mr. Pitt, who was , the Prime Mini-
ster, and to Mr. Dundui, the Secretary for die Ct.,
lollies. After all these things,, it . would be ester;
and delusion:of the feney.if. an .• v wig*. of doub
yet remained:as to the right of Perliementary inter,
Terence. ,He should, howeveri be told, with reality
in the right of ,interfrrence, that it behoved ,tl,
Pothunter!' warily ,to; walk on,,sts /slippery a path, ate
' cautiously to deal ,with 1114011 * delicate and- dace'
subject as the rights .ofproperty--the right* vice,
in the planters ()vet', titO persons and, the ptieilege
of the slaves. Be kopad that no man, either r,
or out of that learnedprofeseiott to which he had th
lhorteur to belong, and which lord a tendency wit..
t
,tetcyhrauluotiiiisemoctanie.itd_alf, t%cii,leiliriinettstlaittlati:ijaydstets,t;titclitchieritiiitstrdye,ants*lnooolifloomttnhoubefieht:tis,prd:irrogolrhetplestrostiollty:fil,:ulebgriirviliii'lt:itrietiwrsetteio,litltfinfiytivva—ii::
,1111:11
s
hated those rightly or would be less likely to ~,„,i
son, which lie,hoped. was dee*, iniprinted 'on but
saPlonirletd:ilitjillielo,qtlevraieineTtl.7:ienfidlii:t liiiilleut tthiltevt eitejartiet:::°:efellie;ects:nl cold enoughtll.l.'l::
learned and unleerned men,
0 ttit called so—th,tt then
tizr: 0, di bJits!ly loleratedlintwaistlliollical lt%i'ohlettt!n)ertht
quisitions—ehe was disposed rather Opt to `enter int,
would abstain from Heedless metaphysical sli''
such bootless arguments, hitt at OilCAt tAlltik ,Whetht:l-
- fellow-creature, chained end hound,was the specie
of property, which, at ,the:: bate state, irw -01 i':',
tittisetl in 41)0 , Mittel of ,tlitt lawyer ()J. 11-. Loiior k, -
tttutt, thosc daillti of sanctity, thei, tiereiteLililis
t. inability which, for the wiriest r.tsswie, hid
.: -• . -...'; '

• been associated with our ideas of property, with our
• , chattels, even with the beasts that perish, and which
7.: we had altveys been accustomed to regard with re-
'= spect.—(Hear, hear.)-11e, for one, denied it, and
':'. he took leave to; question thole did*. He said
there was a lnW higher than their own, and elder int:,
o•
, point of antiquity—a law of nature. But at all
events there was a law of Christianity which forbad
: one man to treat another as his thattel. Then hi
..
• might be told of sanctioned rights—of Parliamen-
s,
tary rights—of rights of treaties and cessions, and:
1.;1'. '
that these had acknowledged the creation of these
!'; rights, and 'would secure them. If he carried back
. his recollection to a kindred controversy—painful in
the contest, but glorious in the issue—he must re-
t' member that all these things had been for twenty
ti'. years used (as tin Englishman he was ashamed to
1,., say it) in defence of the African slave trade which
•,, ‘eas umw piracy by the law of the land. He might
then be told to look at the state of the West Indies,
1. which, notwithstanding his theory, contradicted him.
%,- in practice, that after all, the negroes were not in so
wretched a state as were imaginedosthet they had
never known what liberty was .that they were tic.
1.-, cuatomed to slavery—that they had been born in it,
t!., that they had waxed in it, and that many of them
1. had waned in it—that he should be but disturbing
.t; that rural simplicity in which these cultivators (as
fc- they were now called) passed their davyand that
Pl' they were at least as well off as the English pen.
wants. He must deny. all this—he must assert that
' '„F there was an eternal law of our nature, by which
~ comfort mid happiness were absolutely denied to
• i;,'. the unhappy wretch who depended on the nod of
„‘ another. He would have recourse .to two tests ;
+1,..
and if they did not speak with a voice, not to be
e: misunderstood, he should address himself to poll.
k• Heal economists and to statesmen, in vain., If he
e rook two tests or criteria of public happiness—two
ri, that it would be impossible should . deceive—it
r; would be the progress of the population and the
t., state of morals of a nation. All speculative then-
P rists, all practital statesmen agreed that these were
" the best tests that could be resorted . to. They all
agreed that the principle of population was so
t- strongly implanted by nature for the wisest of al*„
. i purposes, that it was of so powerfuls-mf so resist-
Ft's less a force—that whenever the numbers of a peopli
a. were seen to decline, it might be. tat as a matter
~
:! 44 certainty that they were uncomfortable and MI.
happy. Now let. them look at that matter both
1,
t, ways, as regarded the freemen and the slaves. If;
4,. they excepted Barbadoes from the number of the
4s old colonies, they would find that oat at a popula.
tlon of 370,000 negroes, the decrease between the
F; years 1818 and 1821 was no less than 31,000—s
~, decrease which, so far from keeping up their num-
bers, must lead to the extinction of that hapless
race. In Jamaica, out of a population of 330,000,
"*, there had been it decrease of between 9,01)0 and
~ 10,000; but not so of the free men living in the.
is *nine climate, belonging to the same race, and with
',' the same blood in their veins—for the Maroons, un-
der circumstances less favourable than the negroes
fu (for they were a savage horde, were harassed by .the
.ji police, And not looked on with friendly eyes by theit
:.•,,, own race), had, from 1750 to 1782, doubled theit
numbers. At the •end of the rebellion in which
part of them were removed—namely, from 1810 to
7 1816—the, increase had been 18 per cent., and
.if from 1810 to 1821 it had been 1'& per cents; and
ss: in America, where the population were better fed
.:.'' and better clothed, they had 'within thirty years
new increased 130 per cents In Trinidad, between,
•.s. 182.1 and 1829, the negro population had fallen
t'rorn 23,117 to 22,436; or there had been a decrease
' of one thirty-fourth within those four years. But
/ passing from the bond to the fret, what was the
~,,
,t case—,what had happened in the same island, and
4, with the, same rare of men ? The natural course of
" things had not been . contradicted—human passions
4,,
and human vigour had run their natural courses The
~e,,f greet law of nature had been obeyed, mid the ins
t'' ',Tease of the population, bad 'exhibited even more
‘';l than, the usual degree of prolific :success. In tht
,3 'Mita four years, the-free black population had in•
.. creased from 13,903 to. 16,412, or about onessixtb.
s., [lad he no other statement to make, this would be
t;, quite quite sufficient for his. purpose ; no picture could be
.teawn, no prospect of human nature more appalling,
..
than that of a population decreasing under such cii-
s
„, eumstances ; it opened the mind of the reflecting
'l4 mete who th‘l not regard. population, merely in the
1 ebstraets and who looked beyomitables of figures to
1 a condition of the utmost wretchedness, and priVie
:i2 414 and to the view: of a scene presenting man)
e paths of misery, all leading to one termination —the
g' 714 ortatrviel.leTeso'ilsfilinoiwni stiatt) gpopulation
x twe taist ev
hee n Is) atitiltisot tautacryd ,
was to prove that such a condition of society existed
ea.precluded the remotest possibility of comfort and
4', Itrippinem
I,The other test to which he. should ap-
oit
itshee s
al,-egin
i.on.
proof wasofntrlii,e,isnaimditedrehseulfro,unda p
tlompu moralsiatioti
431
, 16,400 slaves ; and within the last two years the
' si incredible number of 11,131 punishments had been
r, inflicted upon that -population. What were those
!,.? crimes P 7,064 slaves were punished for refusing. to
0 work, absconding from plantations, insolence to their
rici masters, and offences of a similar nature. Of the
-.:.'s other punishments 713 were for theft, and of these
P3OO were in the course of a single year. Corn.
paring this state of population and crime with
(4., England, it would amount to 280,000 convictions for
,4 larcenies. In lierbice the population was 21,000,
:,.,1 and there there had been 0,000 punishments within
if i a year. In Demerara the black population was
_
ittl 51,000, and the punishments 20,000. The protector
of slaves had added the following sentence to his re.
f 4:. port :—" I cannot refrain from remarking upon the
d-
!.. contented appearance of the negroes; and from tht'
.., opportunity of judging that I, have had, I think that
~:
elf generally they have reason to be so." He (Mr.
Broglinm) would not have the protector for half
~t an hour placed in.- the situation of the
happiestu and
it 4 most contented of these slaves, even for the sake
t''. of convincing him of his error; but it was hut jai,-
PHoe to say, that such errors were current before the
.1 commencement of that gentleman's protectorate.
. ,
.0;:g In the report of 1788 Lord Rodney stated that he
1,11.
knew of no instances of cruelty—he had seen no-
'' thing but humane treatment of the slaves—they.
I.
were lodged better than the poor in England, they
Y.
danced and sung, and .he wished that the poor of
plEaglend were as well off,. Admiral Barrington
went even.further ; be said that the slaves were so
': si happy that he almost wished to be one himself; and
. -s these gallant officers threw the panoply of their evi-
..P dance round the slate trade itself. They were not
merely liberal but lavish of-their panegyrics even
t 5• upon the Guintamen—the very persona employed
in kidnappingand conveyinghnedreda of victims in
one small vessel across the Atlantic : according to
ithese authorities, the slavei Were very comfortable
.. on board the slave-ships-.they were amused with
1 instruments of music, and when tired of Milk and
$. dancing they went to genies of chance. No doubt
many of those who •frequented the club-houses of
::. St. James's, who paid heavily for their music, would
envy the condition of the slaves who obtained:it for
nothing, and afterwards indulged in the lion's), 'of
- gaming. It was also said that the slaves were " ie.
11: (bilged in their little humours," but it Waft not added
whether one of those little humours was to be tied
up in order to have their flesh lacerated with a eat.
n' nitre tails. It was further - asserted, that the
t slaves when sick were well attended—that they were
( reconciled to Attie condition-.that they were as
1 happy as the crew employed in conveying them' and
. that no regulation was wanted'to enforce kind
treatment as it was the interest of the Captain and
. '
sr Officers to take care of the captives. Aultniral'Etl-
- wards went so far as to mention, that dancingand
,
singing on the Otero were the signals of the arrival
of a Guinearnan ;tube West Indies with a cargo of
Iti slaves. Hence it was (deer, that the protection of
wi staves did not stand alone in his opinion, and in
order to rebut it he might safely rest on' Renate!
i notoriety, but from a large volume of cases he woulti
I select two or three supporting the position on which
1)e had rested, as established by the state of popula-
don and the state of crime in the West Indies,
The, Rev. Mr. Thomas Wilson Bridges had been]

:lance of the same kind had since happened; the
.nly fault he could find with that body was, that it
vas too reluctant tt oppose established authorities
—too prone to support the doctrines of passive obe-
newt soul non-resistance; but nevertheless, it had
been compelled at last to speak out, and to issue a
qatement containing facts, of which, under other
Arcumstances, be (Mr. Brougham) should have
teen incredulous. It was a pamphlet by the Rev.
kir. Orton, which related some events connected
with an attack upon a Methodist Chapel at St.
Ann's (ill what island Mr. Brougham did not men-
tion)t. by t body of militia, who had fired fourteee
Into that part of the building occupied by the
Rev. Mr. Grimsdale, who was afterwards thrown
'lnn prison, released, again confined in a loathsome
lungeon, and finelly died of the shock his constitu-
ion had received on the 25th of December, 1827.
fhe Rev. Mr. Orton further asserted that the Rev.
Vir, Whitehouse had been treated with nearly equal
rhough not as fatal severity, while he (Mr. Orton)
had also been committed for interfering on behalf of
felloWvastor in the cause of Christianity, to rf
4301. in which forty slaves were jammed together,
who had been seized under an execution for debt,
ind were imprisoned until they could be sold. In
he end, the Chief Justice of the island, after they
had been incarcerated for seventeen days, ordered
Whitehoure and Mr. Orton to be discharged.
The Hon. Member 'tweeted those whir heard him
o consider what severity of punishment it would
be to impriion two innocent men for seventeen
lays,. even under the most favourable circumstances:
how intolerable must it then be to be confined
within a narrow dungeon, in a,tropical climate where
the sun wheels his diurnal course without the veil
even of a vapour, where putrefaetiOn is almost in-
stantaneous, and where the very element of water
was charged with mortal maladies. These facts
tieing undoubted, he would venture to ask whose
prediction had been verified—that of Ministers, that
;uch a case as that of Missionary Smith would
never occur again ; or that of the 'opponents of
;Lavery, that similar events were not merely possible,
but probable. The next case to which he would
Overt was of a nature to harrow up the feelings
beyond any. transactions of which he had read or
heard in ancient and heathen times, or in more
nodern days of Christian mercy and beneficence.
The principal parties were an English gentleman
And gentlewoman, Mr. and Mrs. Moss; and instead
,)f being pursued with universal contempt and indig..
nant execration, such was the perverted state of so-
ciety iu the West Indies that they became the
cherished objects of favour, patronage, endearment,
Ina respect. An abridgment of the disgusting,cir-
eumstances was to be found in a despatch of States-
manlike sagacity and firmness of purpose, drawn up
oy the Right lion. Member for Liverpool, when at
the head of the Colonial Department. The subject
of suffering was a domestic slave, who, having been
guilty of disobedience, was ordered to be confined
in the stocks. There, in the open market-place,
day anti mght, she was kept, from the 22d of July
to the Bth of August, and during that period she
was six times whipped, and in order to prevent her
from sleeping, red pepper was rubbed upon her
eyes. At the end of her confinement she., was
taken to the field, at seven in the morning, and
before noon she died. A fever was mentioned; but
that was merely en afterthought. Nobody talked
of fever when the' wretched victim was to be
removed from the stocks to be flogged, to
have red pepper rubbed upon her eyes, or to be
taken to the field to renew her work : it was only
thought of after she had died, and when an attempt
was made to produce an impression that she had
died by the visitation of God, in order that the bar-
barous fiends who had tortured her till she had ex-
pired, might escape an indictment for murder. It
had been well said by Mr. Fox, that it was some
comfort in a Christian community to find, when a
great crime had been perpetrated, that the universal
feeling was roused against it, and sympathised in
the punishment justice inflicted upon the offender.
In the West Indies of that comfort the mind was
bereft;; there all sympathy was reserved for the
guilty, and none bestowed upon the unhappy suf-
ferer. Upon the ease to which he had just 'referred
he held in his hand a paper which, he vowed to
Heaven, nothing but official proofs could make him
believe proceeded from a British officer. That
offieer he would name at once, that 'no other in the
service might stand a charge of being mistaken for
him—General Grant. rlie appealed to Ministers tot
their merciful interpetition on behalf of Mi. and
Mrs. Most; who had been sentenced to three months'
imprieonment, and a fine of 3001, for the murder of
innocent human being—ta punishment which in
,this country would have been inflicted for a slight
!assault or a venial libel. In this country, in France,
in Italy, and in any Christian community, such a
brutal crime would have been followed by merited in-
dignation ; and it remained 'for General Grant to
palliate the offence by stating that -the conduct of
Mr. and Mrs. Moss was not more cruel than that of

the rest of the white population towards their
rslases. That officer stated that Moss arrd his
wife "whose hospitality he had often shared"
(for that point was distinctly and emphatically
marked) were pitied for the " untoward
event" that bad befallen them—for he used

the same expression as if he had been only
!speaking of a naval victory over the Turks.
General Grant added, that the prisoners were
visited in their confinement by the most respectable
persons, which would not have been the case if it
had been thought that the treatment of slaves by
them had been unduly severe. libellous* titimlti,
perhaps, be curious to learn what had become of
Ithis Governor of the Bahamas, and it woultt be sue•
[prised to bear that he had been removed to the im-
portant colony of Trinidad, that colony which Mr.
Canning haul *laid ought to he made, as it were, the
farm of expetifoeut for tile improvement of Colonial
Govertnnents.—( Hear, bear.)---With these facts be-,
foie it, he appealed to the House whether it was

knew better how to keep—no nation that knew
better how to enjoy—none better able to defend
freedom than were the French; but be hoped they
would, though waging war tigainsi arbitary power
in one quintet. 'Of the world—he hoped for the sake
of their Bourbon King—they would remember that
they had duties elsewhere to discharge; that they
would not permit the continuance of that bad policy
through the agency of which they would be laid
open to the force of the coming danger, and, per-
haps eventually swept away before the gathering
stored. Great as was his admiration of that gallant
and illustrious people, there still remained a blot
upon their fair fame so long as they persevered
n giving the sanction of 'their name and their prac-
tice to a system which stamped them as only the
half friends of freedom. Yes, they could never be
otherwise regarded than as the half friends of free.
dom so long as they suffered the slave trade to re-
Alain. He would tell that Prince—and, above nil;
he would inform the ghostly Counsellors of that Mo.
narch, that in the authority they most professed to
respect, there were words like these—" Behold
obedience is better than sacrifice, and to hearken
than the fist of lambs. Yea, God loveth mercy
inore than sacrifice,:' and he would add, that God
would not be appeased so long as they lent them-
selves to the continuance of a traffic which outraged
the first and most obvious and most indisputable of
his precepts—which flew in the face of that law
which was made long before the discovery of those
regions which were made the scene of offences
against its injunctions. As long as men viewed
with detestation the incalculable miseries and de-1
izradation that fell upon the heads of the devoted'
.laves—as long as the principlesof human sympathy
and compassion remained unchanged, and the affec-
tions of human nature remained unaltered—so long
MI men loathed rapine and abhorred fraud, so long
would they look upon the condition of the slaves of
the. West Indies with commisseration, and upon
their oppressors with abhorrence. So long as human
nature remained unchanged, men would never cease
to regard with unspeakable indignation the vain and
guilty phantasm which was set up for the purpose
of proving that man could become the property of
his fellow creature; that slavery was supported'
by treaties and by compacts ; without remembering
that there were compacts more sacred, by which
such treaties were reprobated, and according to
the plainest principles of which they were to be
held in abhorrence...T.(llw, hear.)—He called upon
the House to reflect upon the history of those
treaties; to remember that when this country ex-
changed the glories of Blenheim for an increased
share in the profits of that detestable traffic by which
it was so long disgraced, those treaties were freely
and habitually cited in defence of that traffic; yet
the . slave trade had setu its end. Not that ne
claim of property were set up; not that no rightS
were asserted, but that the country awoke, from itS
long slumber, and in a voice of thunder announced

that its:feelings were no longer to be trifled with—
the country awoke and smote the traffickers in hu.
man beings, and scattered their guilty gains to the
wind. Let the House, let the Government beware,
for the same country had again awoke, anti the same
indignation again animated the breasts of the same
people, and would, ere long, if not prevented, full
with the same crash upon the upholders of slavery
in its present form. But be it remembered, that
when they should suffer, they suffered against his
warning; and he prayed that when the crash did
come, the destruction might not fall upon the nation
large, but that upon the beads of the real offen-
flers might descend the far more terrible and more
,deserving judgments of God. He concluded by
moving a resolution to the effect that the House
would, at the earliest practicable period, take into
consideration the most effectual means of mitigating
die condition of the slave population, and finally, of
abolishing slavery altogether; and iet they would
further take into consideration the state of the West

India colonies, with a view to amend the admini.'
stratiou ofjnstice in, the said colonies.
Mr. PROTHEROE said that he had been ad.,
vised to stay awky upon the dismission of this rno.d

lion; but, if this were to be the last time he should
address the House, be could not help raising hill
voice in favour of the rights of humanity. He ha)
firmness and unflinching steadiness in advocating
those rights, and was sure he should have no reason
to regret it.
Mr. KEITH DOUGLAS said that the Hon.]
and Leained Gentleman had depicted a state of
things which, he must say, did not at this moment'
exist. With respect to the subject of religious inH
4tructien, it was under consideration in most of Ow'
colonies, as was also the subject of marriage and
baptism, there being only some very few exceptions
Regulations as to punishment, and for the disuse of
the whip, were now adopted in every colony, with
the exception of Bermuda, and one or two others.
Regulations preventing die separation of families
were in force in all the islands, excepting Barbadoe*
and St. Vincent. In almost all the colonies, facili.
ties for obtaining freedom were afforded under spe-
dal regulations. The melioration of the condition
of the slaves was now in rapid progress throughout
the colonies; and it appealed to hint that any direct
interference on the part of the House upon the sub.
,leer would be attended with more harm than good.
The Hon. Member then referred to a great 'umbel
of documents in support of the fact, and, contended
that the Colonial Legiolatures gave no sanction
whatever to the enormities compldieed of by his
Hon. and Learned Friend (Mr. Brougham). /1/111.-
numission was greatly on the increase in the West
Indies; and the number of persons of colour who
had received their freedom had risen in a short time
from 10,000 to 40,000. If the Colonial Legion'.
tures made good laws without having the power to
carry them into effect, no advantage could result
from their labours; but, if the laws they passed
were not carried into effect, the fault was tint with
the colonists, but with the Governmental' the mother
country. Ile was decidedly of opinion that the
whole question of the judicature of the colonies
ought to be taken into consideration at an early
period of the next Session.

Mr. W. SMITH denied that the Colonial lAgii,-
latnres had paid any attention to the recomrn'enthn.
lions of this country now, after a term of seven
years had elapsed. A slave master in Jimmie,'
'could, at this moment, inflict 39 stripes' soil) The'
cart-whip, upon any man, woman, oechild, without
the slightest apprehension as to the consequenee.,
The very idea of such a punishment luting inflicted,
is, England would .rouse the public indignation to'

ts, Mr. W. HORTON said, that although there was
Ooso very thin an attendance of Hon. Members, still
he was glad, for some reasons, that he had an ops
portunity of addressing the House on this subject.
His Hon. Friend (the Member for Evesham, Mr.
Protheroe) had told them how much he had sacri-
.. ticed by voting in favour of anti-slavery opinions. If
it were any, conselatioo to his Hon. Friend, hr
would tell him that the Anti-Slavery Society them-
selves had also made sacrifices. The Anti-Slavery
Society had denounced many, among whom he was',
one, although he. had never uttered one word, OF
done one action, in opposition to the resolution of
Parliament in 1823. After the speech of 'the lion.
Member who had just sat down, he could under-
stand the reason of this conduct on the part of the
Anti-Slavery Society. It would be in the recollect
,ion of the Heine that, in 1823, Mr. Buxton
moved a resolution to the effect that slavery was re-
pugnant to the Constitution of the country, and to
the doctrines of the Christian religion, and that it
ought to he abolished. Mr. Buxton's resolution, he
need hardly say, took no notice of the interests of
the planters. Mr. Canning, on that occasion,
moved counter resolutions, which were agreed to
by the House, and which, after saying that the
slaves should be prepared for a participation in those
civil rights which were enjoyed by other classei of
his Majesty's subjects, continued thus—" That this
House is anxious for the accomplishment of this pur-
pose, at the earliest period that shall be compatible
with the well-being of the slaves themselves, with
the safety of the colonies, and with a fair and equits
consideration of the interests of private pro.
perty." Such was the vote to which the House
; had nnanimously agreed in 1823. But what had
been the doctrines of the Anti-Slavery Society since ? •
What were the opinions 'of the Hon. and. Learned
Gentleman, and of the HOD. Member for Norwich,
as expressed that night ? Why, that there could. be
no such equitable consideration of the interests of
private property, because slavery was inconsistent
with the doctrines of the Christian
(Hear, hear.)—They gave the word " equitable" to
the wind, although they had been parties to the
House pledging itself to this resolution.' This, he
contended, was not fair and straightforseard,deallog;
if they wished to place the 'slavery question on 00
basis that to make man the property of another was
repugnant to the docirinee of Christianity, and that
!herefore the Legislature ought to proceed to the
immediate abolition of slavery, without any re-
gard to the interests of private property,—
If such were their intention, let them take
the opinion of the House and of the coun-
try upon it in that shape. He had no doubt
what the result of such an appeal would be ; but in
the meantime, he protested against persons being
denounced its friends to this continuance, of slavery,
because they had acted conscientiously irreccordance
with the vote of the Legislature. Be- would ask, .•
however, if the whole system of compulsory mane
mission, which. the Anti-Slavery Society had in—;
forced on Mr. Canning, did not rest upon the prin-;
ciple that man might be the property of man ?
(Hear.) That system had at first been open to many •
objectiont, but by 'mous orders in Council it had ,
been so modified as to be deprived of all the dangers..
that formerly attended it'; and he entirely agreed
With those who thought that the Colonial Legislit
tures ought, in justice, in humanity, and in prudence,
to admit it into their !MN. Ilse digered, hoWever,
altogether front those who thought that we should
legislate on this stinject at home. He was of opi.
Mon that nothing Could be more unwise than to
irritate the West Indians by attempting to force 4
laws upon themes--because he was sure that that "
attempt would not only be unjustifiable, but that it
would fail entirely. He bad heard a great deal,
on various occasions, from the other side of the
House, about the impropriety and injustice of our
interfering with the Legislative Assemblies:of Canada;
and would it not, he begged to know, be equally im•
proper and unjust for us to interfere on this or any
other subject with the -Legislative Assemblies of
the West Indies ? He repeated, that he thought '.
the Colonial Legislature ought to admit into their
law those regulations which had been made by
Orders in Council for the improiement of the condi-
tion of the slaies; but he was quite sure it Would be
unwise to attempt to force these upon' the West
Indians. If the West Indians refused to admit them,
there were other ways of punishing their contumacy:
they might,-for instance, put higher duties on their
products, but they ought not to interfere with the
Colonial - Legislature. He should take this' op-
portunity of moving certain resolutions-',,not with ,
the expectation that they Would be agreed to by the
House, .but with the' view simply or putting theta
upon record: The Right Hon. Pentleman then
moved the following resolutions : •
od I. That the resolutions of this House of the 15th of
May, 1822, distinctly contemplated, on. the one hand, the 4
ultimate participation by the slaves in his ! Majesty!s'eo-
monies, in those civil rights and privileges enjoyed by
other classes of his. Majesty's subjects, and, an the other,
the accomplishment of that purpose, subject to the ' fair
and equitable consideration. of the interests pf -private
property.
.4 2. That the changes of 14 which have been deem, I
!111 Parliament the most equitable antleXpedient for du% b
accomplishment of these two distinct pledges, are tn
found in 'the various orders in Council which have he'en i.
it
the a
ppe tablean ot f o t:tei
sMoose House.t
h 4
issued in the ceded colonies, and Which hays been sueces-
lively Reid on
t the only part of
that new system of law which has met with serious re..2'
inoristrance And protest, 'la consequence of its tendency ,f
being ;presumed to prejudice the: equitable interests of 47
Iprivate property, has , bespt, thou enactments Whiell iii;
I!the first instance, introduced the, .principle of what has
heen called, c comptdsory m:mumission.'
4. That it is the opinion of this lions, that,'sa long
,as the money-price received by the master for a manumit.
Itett slave shall enable hint to purchase a slave of equivalen

1
,value, no injury can accrue from the abstraction of such,
slave, beyond that character of injury which is at all times,
inseparable from a forced commutation of property, though
attended with the fairest principle of compensation.
... " 8. That it is the opinion of the House that th;..
clauses introduced into the Order in Council of, the 2d,of
February,' 1880, do pecure An e4uitable principle of, ina-
omission, as far as it is possible to carry Mich a principle
into effect by legislative enactments.
" 6. That this House is at the same time of opinion,
that the clauses in that Order in Council, which prohibit
absolutely all contribution from private individuals of cor-
porate bodies, tewerde the manumission of a slave, re-,
quire-
,.essential modification:;. • ,! a
~.';7. That this Hottse fully appi.eciates the degree of
Caution with which it is necessary to legislate, in all mat-
ters affecting the equitable interests of property to the con-
servation of which this House is pledged ; and that it will
direct its unceasing, attention to the cause and effect of this
change of legislation in the ceded colonies, for the purpose
of satisfyilk ika the (talleat sense; the dist!nct and difreolt
Plealgia of F'arhairient, above cited from the resolutions of
1828, which resolutions equally contemplated the interests
of the toaster, and the well-being of the slave.
" S. That the change of law• in the ceded colonies
being now fully and satisfactorily accomplished, with the
exception above-mentioned, this House is entirely prepared
to expect, that the legislative colonies will voluntarily and
completely incorporate into their respective codes of law,
at the earliest possible period, those ameliorations in the
laws affecting the slave population, which are now in com-
plete operation in the ceded colonies, and which may not
hitherto have been adopted by the colonial legislatures."
Sir G. MURRAY said, that be wis not prepared to
agree to the resolutions of hie Right Hon..Priend (Mr. W.
Horton) •
and, indeed, he thought that it could hardly be
expected 'ilia he should_ agree to them, having heard them
now for the first time, and the resolutions regarding a sub-
ject of so much importance, and going so much into detail.
Still less did he feel it possible for him to concur in the re-
solution which had been brought forward by the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman (Mr. Brougham) opposite; and be
should be very glad, for many reasons, if the Hon. and,
Learned Gentleman could be pfevailed upon nit to press list
resolution to a division. The first of these reasons was,
the deserted condition of the benches. He should be
sorry that a House io 'thinly attended should divide upon
such a resolution, because, when the division went forth to
the country and colonies, where due weight might not be
given to the circumstances of the peritld, it might be inferred
that so important a question had excited very little bite-
rest. When opinions on such a subject went forth to the
colonies, he thought that they ought to be supported by
the voices of a very I urge number of the Members of Par-
liament. Again, •he could not approve of so few Mem-
bers as were assembled on the present occasion coming to
a vote that was to pledge a new Parliament. He thought
it would be much better to let the matter stand over, and
take the sense of the new Parliament upon the resolution,
if the Hon. and Learned Gentleman should think fit. He
hoped it was hardly necessary for him to say, that he bad'
no desire to retain such a condition as that of slavery.
He thought it injurious alike to the master and to the
slave, and he did not see how the retention of it could be
justified either in humanity or in policy. He would
even go so far as to say, that he did not pee how it could
he justified by the precepts of our religion. The slaves
in the West India colonies bad an equal right with other
climes to the protection of the Government and the Legi-
slature; but by precipitate measures, instead of improve-
ment, we might introduce desolation and ruin to masters
end slaves. His object had been to be guided in the con-
sideration of this subject ley sound moderation, and by
4, calm reflection on the degree of danger which might
arise from too great rapidity in measures which he, es
much as any man, was of opinion should be brotight
about. With respect to the administration of justice in
the. West Indies, he thanked the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man for the candour with which he had adverted to the
pledge he (Sir G. Murray) had given as to the intentions of
government to bring forward a measure for this purpose.
The Hon. and Learned Gentleman was aware thet there
was no unwillingness on the part of Government, which
I,ad had the subject some time under consideration ; and
the pledge would have been redeemed, if it had not been
for measures of greater importance which had occupied the
attention of the House, or if its time had not been eon-
sumed by discussions which, however interesting, to those
who brought them forward, had occupied largely that
time without any important resalt.—(Hear, hear.) It was
in the contemplation of Government to bring forward a
measure, which was not likely to meet with any objection
in that House, or any where except in the West Indies ;
and from what had fallen front his Right Hon. Friend,
who was interested in West India concern., he was sorry
to apprehend that some opposition would be offered in the
colonies. He (Sir George Murray) was not inclined to
dilatant from the doctrine laid down by the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman, as to the right of the mother country
to legislate for its West India anionic*. With respect to
another pledge lie had been reminded of, as to the admis-
sion of slave evidence, he was certainly of opinion that the
ends of justice would be promoted-by the admission of
slave evulence, under circumstances which would leave it
to the Court and the jury to give it the weight which it
deserved. The Consolidation Slave Act contained many
wise and humane. regOlations, 'and in many respects well
worthy of adoption ; hut certain clauses had been introduced •
into it, which rendered it quite inadmissible: in Inch a case,
the disapprobation of the Governnient ought to be ex-
pressed. With respect to another part be would say that
although a steady friend to the Church of England, he was
of opinion that the missionaries now in the West Indies
might be more useful in propagating the Gospel than the
regular ministers of the Church. At the same time he
admitted that there might be a fear of their having too
strong a tincture of seal and enthusiasm. With respect to
to the case of Moss, to which the Hon. and Learned''
Member had referred, he was aware that that person had "
been guilty of great barbarities; but he wished to observe
that this person's name was Henry Moss. There was a
'Mr. John Moss in the same island, a very respectable indi-
vidual, and he was induced to mention this, as he had
I been confounded with Henry Moss. He strongly recotn-
mended the Hon. and Learned Gentleman not to press hie
resolutions. He could assure him that the resolutions of
the 15th of May, 1823, were in his (Sir G. Murray's)
opinion sufficient warrant for him to proceed in urging
,
the amelioration inire', as rapidly i ;
sit could be at the
same time he Ives sensible of the necessity of proceeding
with extreme caution, And with regard to the interests of
all clews. :Whatever might be the nature of the property,
it was the duty of Government to use the utmost caution,
lest by a precipitate step that property
.might be dete-
riorated or removed altogether.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE hoped that the constituents of the
new. Parliament would require a pledge from their repre-
sentative', that they would support some motion for the
abolition of slavery. It was the universal feeling of the
country that a measure of this nature should be adopted.
Mr, WILMOT HORTON explained.. .
Mr. MARRYATT apatite in a tone which rendered him
inaudible in the .gallery.. We understoad him to argue
that the condition of the negroes was not so bad as it was
represented to be. He adverted to the difficulties with
which the West Indians had to contend, and to the re.luc..
tion of their trade and resources, which was an important
consideration for the manufactures of England. He read
extracts front despatches from Earl Bathurst and Sir
George Murray, praising certain iolonies for the measures
of amelioration they half adopted, anal contended that the
work of amelioration, if ,left to the colonies themeelvea,
would advance mote speedily, than be urged nu by such,
resolutions' tie now proposed. Sir P. BUEDtTT,-. with reference to-the last remark
of the Hon. Member, that it would be better to leave the
measures of amelioration to the Colonial Legislatare, said
that be saw no reason why they should be more ready to,
carry those measures into effect, or what. hum cou'd be
donoby a spur.being given them,in a declaration af dot
House as - its the propriety of proceeding in the task of
amelioration, which he believed should be treated with
great moderation and forbearance. It was impossible not
to feel a strong desire to put an end to slavery ; but if i,
was said that it, watt a natural incident in the pepulatiot,
of the West Indies, he was not prepared to deny it (as we
understood the Hon. Baronet). He should be sorry to
cast any imputation on the West Indian proprietors ; EMS'
Of them be knew to he as humane men as any upon earth,
and were prepared to adopt a remedy itany practicable one
was pointed out. When appeals were made to the feelings
of men, some mode should be suggested for redressing .tjta
evil. It was untrue to say that the Colonial Leifi'lat4r
had done nothing for the amelioration: of the slaves; but
it was absurd to say that because something, perhaps
much, had teen stone,, there was not Mitch •to do. The
Ireaolution did not pledge a new Parliament; it merely ex-
Ipressed a strong opinktn, which would hive much tett-
'ence upOn the public, arid must have some effect upon the
feelings, and judgment,, and: views of a future House of
Commons. B the population in the Colonies could be untie
413 well behaved as that of England, co West India pro.
~
prietor would object, to their being plated on such a foot--
ing. i .The object of the Legislature ought to be to aftuo.
thettlaves some motive to labour instead of compulsion ;
lat present; they bad no motive, and therefore would labout
as little:* possihlea'. Several plans for this object ha,
ibeen suggested to him even by Wiest India preprietorc--
lit had been suggested that slaves might -be- al

lowed in purchase their antimission.
been proposed to ascertain the fair amount
labour of a slave, and to bold nut to him the
tine of a task of work, which being completed,
of the day should he given for his own purples,
ptoja. wasthat of inducing persons by indent
out a-Writ of allyerY A itmisiioii of tlott.
(ince of such estates as patronized free isbour
proposed; fur instance, if a third or a fourth
ductious was raised by free labour, a certain ,
of the duty on that part should he remittal to
prietor. Such gradual amelioration as this
means impracticable. All interests, however,
,consulted, the West ,Indians and the inc
'shove ali, unquestionably, the condition of the,
illation. The public had also a great interest in
kiwi, for the West Indies formed a most ins;
;sion to this country, far more important., he
Itban even the East Indies. lle trusted that
Hon. Gentleman would not oppose the
was firritly &opinion that the rest Maris,-

emancipation, would benefit themselves as
groes. The lion. Dsronet then went on to .
did not think the West India colonists were to
the present system. The emancipation of ;he
rresent would be very hard upon the
therefore was a question which should be tm.
-.Treat delicacy, and ought never to be, except'
teptt• Measures should be adopted to prepare
Ansi state, and if they were resorted to with
Icerity the time necessary to prepare them em
,shorter than was calculated. The diffir
'ound to diminish as they advanced, and the
'at hist tp the.restilt whicb they all so much
i►us that such steps shoitl4 !fie t t eo, he was
to remove the care ottbel6 from the hands;
ment. lie gave credit to the Government ftr.
and he was sure that the matter could not
it%ntl.s than those of the Right Hon. and Gall
,Sir Grow Murray.) In conclusion, the

'xpresseli a hope that the motion might. not

.nd that a future Parliament might thus
take the subject into its early consideration.
was upon his legs, he wished to say a word
which appeared a short time hack, in
,which
that a sailor, on hoard one of his Majesty
,Handed by Captain Mingay, had died is
-es-ete flogging which he received by ordi
If the case was as he had seen it descrit
subject would be. inquired into by the .
had understood that it wiz a regulation of
a Captain of a ship bad not authority to
a dozen lashes; but the unfortunate man, r'ha
oceived four dozen, and his death was the
If the subject were not inquired into, he
duty to bring it be'ore the House.
Sir GEORGE COCKBURN said, that ita•
which the Hen. Baronet alluded, a Coroners
'at upon the body, and they made a perek4
which they nut only acquitted Captain Ming 3
4ficers front , all blame, but gave them credit
great humanity. The fact was, the man was
for an offence which called for such an ioSietion,
vas more than probable his death was hastened 5*
'ion] the great severity of the punishment,
Africk of erysipelas, which he got at the time*
hese circumstances, the Admiralty did not fend'
to interfere with respect to the Captain. W.
CO the number of lashes which might be inflicts-
authority of the Captain of a King's ship,.the. ~a.
"net was mistaken in supposing it was limited
general practice of the service was, that it ,st,"
,reed 48 lashes in any one punishment.

_ .
Sir R. PEEL said he bad heard with great
:he very moderate tone in which the subject
touched upon by the Hos. Baronet, and he ass-,,,
that the speech which he had delivered could' be
known to every one of the colonists. It Was
'rue that no effective measure could be exj
luctant legislataire, and that whatever measures
ltioptcli should be adopted gradually. The
mal course would be to endeavour to laying abOttl
feeling between the black and white population.
ionies, by induCing the latter to acts of conciliatk
former. He did not object to the natation on
f its not pledging the next Parlistneot tO a
line of conduct, for he was aware that such
been made at the conclusion of one Parliame"
pledge given had been redeemed by the ensuing
anent ; and there were objections to the al"t"'
Tt:forth,
ighr
ted with him. First, newts unwilling h
that
,
division, that it was discussed in so very
etlmkeyotihoand,sneo eOrOtil.theiliee'
Fie knew that the small attendance of Members •
wotfohi.ethhthe subject, but from °their
tosrema irture apathyt
rys
pledging
liametat to a partienlar course which it teig"
able to redeem. If the Parliament, sheold:!*
to take this course in the next Session, "t.
just as Well able to do so 'Without adopting air
The motion was, that they should so Wel
condition of the slaves" as to lead to, the final ebe
davery. Now he was not prepared to give
pledge until lie saw the Means by which the
ton could be brought &Mot. ,Another objection
the Hon. and Learned Metiaberle motion wail wholly.
as to the question of compensation : but he woele
would it not be most unfair to the unfortunate'
daises, to talk of emancipation without at the
including a compensation to the slave owner. U.
that if he were to argue with the slave, rand in
what title be held him, it would be difficult to gi'
factory answer ; but talking there in the House
anonsit was different, and looking at the mode
the present owners of slaves had arcinifeil a
hem, we should consider that a chins to
vas as attach founded in justice as the claim for
kind of prOperty. It would be a monstrous
oblige the present holders of slaves to wipe Out 'f
justice of the original purchose by the sacrifice
whole property, to which purchaie, or captures
its more parties than other Subjects of the empire'
llouse should also, before it pledged itself to any
leading to emancipation, consider what would be
lition of the slaves themselves when ernocil
whether it would be a benefit to them if dote
The Hon. and Learned Gentletnan talked O'
chance of resistance on the part Of the cOloniee.te
with which this 'country could support, its,
whether they could bring the same power
American colonies showed in the revolutionaeY !ti;
Mr. IHIOUGHAM said he had' only refe_„Pe"
difference of circumstances. In the revolutioel%
question tuna as to. taxation without represeo},,
leitia our present colonies, on the subject of the "
ketch question could arise.

Sir ROBERTPEEL admitted our power tn.
parliamentary 'measure 'for the regulation of Or
unto effect, but still the idee of going into Cu''
iellew-subjects could not be Contemplated witlinu'
When he said this, he admittel he could not
what had occurred with respect to same indivi
atrocity towardi slave. without -deep regiet.
heard of:those eases, Inches that of the Mojas
h non, he looked upon , them as the acts 01
which were repugnant to the general feeling °` ti
but lie owned lie saw with deep regret the sioll
whole colony excited by the lunialiment of tin"
/ideal ; and this fact ought to lead thelionietni
to encourage by every means a kindly feeling
black and the white population. With retire'
atiision of slave evidence, he did not see whY
should not be capacitated to give evidence. •
It
tried in Grenada and Tobago, and no bad of
from it. If once It was adaiitted-tha.
tj
Mould be no bar to giving evidence, the IV- itt.
slave would be raised in the estimation of the ma°
belted heard the opinion of a gentleman well
eA
with the colonies, who had the strongest object'
lowing the slave to give evidence against his nl‘
this from consideration for the slave hiaiseif; fur
evidence of the slave were not effectual, it mighl,
master to acts of ill treatment in a variety Of L'"'
In conclusion he would again express a hope'!...
tism should not be pressed. He would haie.it.
though he was not a friend to the: taxation of the
by this country, he admitted in the MINA exttnt
to legislate for them in respect to this questin°'.
same time he would rather let the measures nr-.
•be kindlifeeling of the Monists themselvneas!, jts
thought that much practical good could
oected from reluctant legislation ; and by tha Id
aient of kindly feeling in the colonists he w" o
ward off the danger which the non-insetnvelo,
condition of the slaves, by the colonists shoot
tend to bring 0
I, • n` ngb'
Mr:'BROUGHAM' in reply said,
mired the_ candour and fairness with whlA t,ii
had been met by the Right Hon. and Galltot_2;
the Secretary for the Colonies, and by: the 'itaig7
Secretary who spoke last, yet he owned he tv.
*limed by their arguments. M to. the,
House, if that were to be a.secret whirlti:l~r rya
to keep from the colonies, he feared it 044141,
41 soon, whether the House divided
went of the Hon. Bank Director OW. 111Inniw7
inconvenience of such a measure thelitst
Parliament, were, be conceived, of not *cirri"
that thew

0811111"110 •
MVIUMISSiOn. tt
le fair amount of
Id nut to him the toelt
being completed, that
lig own purposes, Mit
-sons by indentures tot.
lesion of dutyon Off
zed flee ;sbour lets
rd or a fourth of yid 1.
hour, a certsin prop'i4
d he remitted to the
wation as this 044 WI
crests, however, shooki
and the mortgage
ondition of the bids 0
great interest in thin
I a most importantrt
important, he conte2
Ie trusted that the Fif
Tose the motion; sott
"est Indies; hr pry"ji
emselves as well as*/
11 Went on to ssy,
tlaitM
olonists were t 0 bigoe!
acipationpf the setor„
in the proprietors,
bould be touched apt
to be, except by gri
opted to prepare tlies,
tried to with real OW
pare them might be 01
The difficulties tuigillt
teed, and they ulightej
all to much desiiel,
&ken, he was not die
i the; handa,of the 6010,
verntuent f.ir its iniesittfl
ter could not hs in.b4
lon. and Gallant Sorttl
:fusion, the llurwll'
n might not be r 4141,7,
night thus he
:onsideration.
• ettg
say word noon,-
it, in which it OM
his Majesty's slips
d died in consenueol",4
1 by orders of 6641
t described, he herd
0 by the Admire*. Li
ulation
hority to inflict 01 •
nate man who died,
sill was the
into, he should fe,l,t,
r said, that in the eorl
eat a Coroner's Jur/ f
idea particular OA
Captain Mingo 411,j.
;ate them credit for Li
I, the man was panio
itch an ioSietinn, tOl,l
11 was hastened by 111
punishment, but hot:
tot at the time. ;
ty did not ferl
Captain. With
light be inflicted bliul
ship,.the 11A.
ttl
it was 1110,41 Ir°l
er
is, that it 'bold net
ment.
Ird with greet sstisfetel •
4 the subject hot IA
act, and he should 01!
lelivered could be 0!
"bits. It was p &Of t
tld be expected hal '
tever measures were Oil;
dually. The t,°l/ ;
cail
r to In ing about 3
I.ite population in
the
acts of conciliation to..
lie motion on the
adiament to a
re that such 1110411/7i'
one Parliament,
I by tit., ensuing P40:11 '
Is to the motion 01111
unwilling that it al°
petition, were prey 111 Pahl '1
a so very Oa A 11°,.11.‘
e of Members did OW"
nit from other eirel
matron'. lie •
Pledging the pest •11::
which it iwigilt
in ,rlt,4
ent, should be 49
it Session, it woulli
nit adopting this 1i•
lould spo meliorate ,
I to, the final abel1I1:4
ared to give anY • '
y which the foal
other objection oak,
motion was whollY 1
ion : but be woul.l
s unfortunate 14014"1'
ithout at the tairol;
lave owner. fl, trholi'd
slave, And be etlice;
te difficult to give Al4'
e in the House of C;111:i
g at the mode ift
acquired a pray
sub!
claim 'to Celle ki
the claim for soy (Pi ,
a monstrous iojtittietir
lti
yes to wipe out 111e,,4
by the sacrifice of u^tost
lei or capture, 64 or
is of the empire,
cdf itself to sof '1°,00.4
what vvould be the tj
when ernaucipar4dl,,,,„.
them if done atur-blii'
o
,roan talked of hO;4
the colonic/ tnlll
Ippon its mesa
lame power 0114
revolutionary Or 004
had only refera"l
be revolutionnti!l
lout represeottlll°%f
subject of the 611'.
I our power to " rar
gulation of the ~'lO.O
ing into war tr 1.40
mplited witlioutp,/
lie could not con o,fr
I
some inclividut,l%,l
deep regret.
of the Moises at eke
as the act. of ; •
era) feeling of .
egret the syrnflltbl"o4l
aliment of such 'lt°re
d the House to r"`1";IY ►
ndly feeling hea'llitt 14
With respect Vl+lt
id not see why the poi ;I
evidence. It 1111a,}00.
d nadombiattedd effthegOtt Jo
lot es
i;
epee, the regard
dMn of the maste'
ntleman well e 44 0
trongeat object
f
against his nit/
ave hiutse'f; fur
ctual, it might 015 a
a variety /Wt.
es* a hopellat
I
could hate 100
taxation of the c4l;ie i
tl
ie fullest eaten t 11, m
this question'; Ott ' P
s measures twig w
its themselves, La tl
0
oed cool not
and by d
the ea t,
mists be wnilla ri
ion-improvem
selveloe tl
nt
mists thein
tl
aid, that 6001 he t
pith which tb° 4,'100 t it
and Gallant 6 0 01
dld by the Itigl3),
owned be wee 01, e b
•10 the- thinness o, it
W,i tl
of
II it wOida i1417° °4l •44
Aor not. I:thint "I
(Ur. Menai*
at tha lest
not very (VW •

LONDON, •
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY i 4,

Mr. liltablmitArn last night made a splendid
speech on:the subject of Slavery in the West Indies,,
In which, after putting his arguments in the strongeet
possible light, and showing the demoralizing effect►
of slavery, as even at present, notWithitanding sonsf
apparent and much talked of modifications, it is prac-
tised in the West Indies, the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman moved a resolUtion to the effect that the
House would, at the earliest praeticable period, takr
into consideration the: most effectual means of mid-
gatifig the condition of the Slave population, and
finally of abolishing slavery altogether; and that they
would take further into consideration the state of the
West India Colonies, with a view to amend the
adrainititration of justice in the said Colonies. After
a rather lengthy debate, Of no very entertaining or
instructive chatacter, Mr. BROUGUAM'S motion was
lo'St by almijoritY of 29.

The highly Important subject of the new street,
from Waterloo bridge was revived yesterday, at a
meeting held expressly for the occasion, at the Crown
and Anchor Tavern. Sir JOSEI'II YURKE was in the
Chair; and, after reading a letter from the Duke of
BEDFORD, in which his Grace observed, that no-
thing could give him greater pleasure than to for-
ward so beneficial an undertaking; that if the Com-
pany could get through the estates of the Marqu4
Of EXETER, every facility should be afforded to cum
the whole into effect; and that If it were necessary
to have any of the houses on his estate pulled down
for the occasion it should be done;--after reading
this liberal, and in every respect satisfactory letter
the Gallant Chairman went on to state, that although
the Government and the Duke of WRi.uNaroN
were for rigid economy, he felt persuaded that when
once the undertaking Was begun, they -Would not be
backward in affording 'any pecuniary assistance for
Its completion. We hope that this will really be
the case. The undertaking does not in the
slightest degree interfere with any rigid plans
tvonoeiy that the Government may think

it prinlent to adopt, while as regards public con-
venience it is as useftd and ornamental on im.
provement as was evcryet projected. As we have
already alluded repeatedly to this subject, we shall
'content 'ourselves ter— the' present (ker:ping the'un.
Idertaking alWayi in view) with expressing.our hope
!that the Company may be enabled to raise tile
5,0001., necessary to set the thing afloat. 1

The Dublin Evening Pod states that orders have
iirriverl from England, authorising the appointment
of four Catholic Barristers to the honour of King's
Counsel. We sincerely trust that this is the fact,
It is creditable to the Administration, and
still mote creditable to the good cense and sagacity
of WiLLlag the Poorthi who has airtad)
signalised his reign by more than one yet of courtesy
mid benevolence. The time, too, at which the ap-
pointments are projected, is very opportune, and
will, no doubt, be received by the Catholic part)
with great gratification. Government will also
'reap die benefit of this politic act in the course of
the ensuing elections.

Accoun►s have been received from Albania which
state that the insurrection still continues, and tha►
the country is in a frightful state of anarchy. Tht
SULTAI4I power seems to be every where on the
decline.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE--(THIS DAY.

FROM LLOYD'S.
DEAL, JULY ]3.—Wind S.W. to W.S.W.—Arrived
from London the Sea Nymph, Burroughs, for Naples; St.
Leonard, Rutherford, fur Quebec; Lion, Pritchard,
for Gibraltar; Shakspeare, Robertson, for Sierra Leone;
Paragon, Whitwell, for Spain; George and Mary, Thonap-
rim, for Brest; lithe, Weller, for Honduras; Dorothy
Foster, Henderson, for Quebec ; Sarah, Oundy, for Trieste;
and Sandwich, M'Gowan, for St. Lucia and remain.
BaisTor,, Jut.y 11—Arrived the James, from New-
foundiand.

LIVERPOOL, Jun' 12..--Arrived the Ann, Mackenzie,
late Keml►ley, from Jamaica ; AntWerp, Rich, from New
Orleans ; Zeda, Prickett, from Charleston.
YARMOUTH, JULY 13.—Arrived in the Roads, tin
Spring, Brook, and Rapid, Dye, from St. Peteraburgh.
The Malvina, Mitchell, from Dantzic, arrized at Wel-
voit on the 10th, leaky, and with four feet water in her
hold, hound to London.

Coax, JULY 10.—Sailed the Hope transport, for Jersey,
with troops.

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS OAY.)

These Sessions having terminated last evening, the Re-
corder, accompanied by several of the civic Magistrates,
itlended in the New Court this morning, for the pnrpost
of passing sentence on those prisoners convicted during thy
present Session. The following are the names of the
prisoners, their sentences, and the nature of their several
offence..

DRAWL—John Nash, John Hurley, Charles Cushway,
Charles Taylor, William Lowndes, David 'Richardson, and
Thomas Lattimore, alias Westwood, for burglary; Charles
Ciff, alias Catnpktell, for returning► from transportation
before the expiring of his sentence ; George Kirby, for cattle
stealing; John Ireland, alias Hyland, for uttering coon-
terfeit coin.

TIANISPORTArt ow FOR Lt ea.—Alexander Kemble
Mary Ann Sheen, John James, Michael Bateman, Louisa
Jenkins, Harriet Heaketh, John Janes, George Arthur.
FOURTHEN YEARS.—Dorah Fenn, convicted on two in-
dictments charging her with stealing-in the dwelling-houer
of Viscount fngestrie and his Grace the Duke of Hue-
cleugh ; John King, Henry Greenhaw, John Hale, SM.
Robinson, James Pike, John Monkhouse, Themes Lewis
James Wiltshire, John Clewer, Charles Horton, Daniel
Neel, William Bilaton, Elizabeth White, James Calmeirs,
George Clark, Hannah Meed.

There were 68 prisoners sentenced to seven years' trans-
portation, together with several others convicted of minor
offences, who were sentenced to various terms of imprison-
ment and corporal punishment.
The sentence of the notorious Ikey Solomon. was re-
vited until next Sessions, as there are several other in.
4iictments to be tried against him at the Middlesex Ses-.
iions. The sentences on Henry Leo and Maria Swin-
church were also respited until the same' time.
