at the expiration of that period a revolt might be as much
feared as it is at present. From his Report it appears
thit Spain can neither subdue the Basque provinces,
nor the Basque provinces conquer Spain. He says
the QUEEN'S Government is secure, as the Carlists
on passing the Ebro would find themselves in an
enemy's country; and as for the subjugation of the
Bisque provinces by the Government, it is
plainly impossible, according to his previous state-
ment respecting the folly of French interven-
tion. The idea of raising volunteer corps in
France and England he treats as ridiculous ; as he
says such troops can neither do good nor evil. How-
cler the fact may be disguised, this Report was drawn
up with the KING'S secret sanction ; and was intended
to exonerate Louis PHILIPPE from the charges
brought against him by those who insisted on the
necessity of intervention. Colonel ST. YON wishes
to imply that the Sovereignty of the Basque provinces
must be ceded to Don CARLOS, and we cannot under-
take to say that the KING is not secretly favourable to
this scheme. The partition of Spain would place that
country, in point of strength, in the same relation to
France as Belgium—a dependency rather than a rival
State. But whatever may he the secret views of the
KING of the FRENCH, it is for -England to insist that
the treaty which guarantees to Donna ISABELLA 11.
the possession of the Throne and Ancient Monarchy
of Spain, shall not be violated.
The news from Bayonne received this morning is
favourable. The QUEEN'S troops remain in po:i •
session of Bilboa and Vittoria. Don CARLOS has
issued a decree that all persons taken with arms in
their hands, who do not belong to either the
Christinos or the Carlists, shall be shot ; but that this
decree shall not affect the treaty signed by Lord ELIOT.

FRENCH FUN DS —Paats, JvNa 18.
Five per Cents., 198 f. 20c. 5c 25c.
Four per Cents., VBf.
Three per Cents., 7,•if. 30c. 40c. 300.
Bank Actions, 1,995 f.
Rente de Naples, 96f. Vc. 20c.
Roman Five per Cents., 100.
Rente Espagne, Five per Cents., 37 37 5(.%
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 20k.
Roy& Spanish Loan. 47 46%
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cent., 41?.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents., 10134 14.
Pot, tpmese Loan, Five per Cents., 88 87%.
7.okr, WOE --c.
excuaNue Uti Losnos.
One month, paper, --C. —c. ; money, 2.5 t: 45,
Tiree months, paper, --f. —C. ; money, 25f. 32g,c.
rx irithetoi2m..

Letters and papers from Madrid to the 12th inst.
have been received. The new Ministry has not yet
been appointed. The news of the non-intervention
on the part of England and France produced some
bitter feelings in that capital ; but no disturbance oc-
curred dangerous to the public tranquillity. The
French and English were blamed as indifferent
to Spanish independence, and TORENO was
blamed for stooping to solicit aid from
such a quarter. We can make every allowance
for the bitterness of national disappointment and
wounded pride ; but we have no doubt that all un-
pleasant feelings will pass away with the landing of
the French and English volunteers. The QUEEN re-
mains at Aranjuez.

Cape of Good Hope papers to the sth of April,
and Sydney papers to the 13th of February, have
been received. The former bring accounts of Colonel
SmITII'S defeat of the Caffres, whom he has succeeded
in driving up the country. The Sydney papers state
that Saving Banks are beginning to be established in
different parts of Australia. Those which have been
opened for deposits are much encouraged.

PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY.

In the Loans' last night the Bishop of. EXETER gave no-
tice of a motion respecting the conduct of the Commissioners
on Public Instruction in Ireland. Lord BROUGHAM moved
the second reading of the Execution of Wills Bill, and a dis-
cussion, followed by an adjournment of the question, took
place. The Law Patents' Bill, with amendments, was or-
dered to be reprinted. Lord RODEN presented a petition from
Sir HARCOURT LEES. The Rev. Gentleman was willing to
state on oath his belief that the Irish Church Establishment
was the object of a conspiracy for its destruction.
In the COMMONS were presented several petitions, out of
which discussions arose : one from Manchester, complained of
the sixpenny certificate tax chargeable on each change of em-
ployment. Captain PECHELL presented a petition praying
for an amendment of the Tithes Law. The petitioner, Cap-
tain S. Pechell, R.N., complained of the conduct of the cler-
gyman of his parish, having charged tithe on turnips in-
tended for pasturage ; of an erroneous judgment in the
Exchequer on the subject; and of having been ex-
posed to expenses amounting to 3181. 18s. l ld., on
account of a disputed charge of 31. 6s. for tithe of turnips.
Mr. HUME said the facts stated in the petition showed the
necessity of the amendment prayed for. Lord G. FITZROY
having accepted the Chiltern Hundreds, a new writ was or-
dered for Bury St. Edmunds. Notices were given of
amendments intended to be moved in the Committee on
Monday on the Corporation Bill. The Loan ADVOCATE,
in reply to Mr. GILLON stated that the General Assembly
of the Church of Scotland had no civil right to enforce the
observance of a fast. The Report of the Irish Commission
on Education was brought up. The House then resolved
itself into a Committee of Supply. Mr. T. DUNCOMBE
moved for several copies of official documents relating to
the Spanish question. Lord MtP!ON stated that no favour
had been shown to Don Carlps, and on other points con-
nected with the subject, the Noble Lord gave an explana-
tion which Mr. O'CONNELL thought satisfactory, and sug-
gested to the Hon. Member for Finsbury a withdrawal of
his motion, which was accordingly withdrawn. Mr. F.
Buxvox moved for a Committee to inquire how far the
provisions of the Bill for the abolition of slavery in the
West Indies, upon terms of paying 20 millions to the
planters, had or had not proved efficacious towards their
objects ; and whether, upon ascertaining their partial or to-
tal failure, it would not be advisable that payment of the
sum in question might not be arrested for the present.
Sir G. GREY entered into the subject at great length,
offering such arguments against the motion as Mr. BUXTON
thought justified him, in compliance with what appeared to
be the general feeling of the House, in withdrawing it.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought forward a pro-
position for continuing his Sugar Duties.
