EDINBURGH.

GRAND DINNER TO EARL GREY.
(From the Times.)
EDINBURGH, MONDAY, SEPT. 15.
Nothing has been talked of here for some days but the pre-
parations for this "national entertainment," as it is called, and
certainly, from the scale on which those preparations have been
made, it in some degree deserves the name. The building is
a temporary one, close to the High School. The following is
a brief description of it from one of the papers here :—" The
structure is from the design of Mr. Hamilton ; the building is
erected by Mr. Smith, architect and builder ; and the paint-
ing and decorations by Mr. D. R. Hay. The chairman and
croupier, with their supporters, are to sit on two platforms
placed at the east and west ends of the room, elevated about
two feet above the floor, the whole of which is to be covered
with narrow tables, running parallel from east to west. The
walls are entirely covered with canvass painted of a warm co-
lour, presenting exactly the appearance of being plastered.
The roof consists of double sloping panelling, or what is termed
a double coach roof, which is admirably adapted for reflecting
the voice of the speakers. The whole is supported by nume-
rous rows of pillars, with rich capitals. At each corner are
placed the British, Scots, Edinburgh, and Glasgow arms, and
above the canopy, where Earl Grey is to sit, a richly deco-
rated G is to be placed ; beneath an Earl's coronet, and sur-
rounded with laurels. The roof is to be richly ornamented,
and inlaid with gold and silver, which will produce a very fine
and light effect. The whole is to be lighted with the superb
gas lustre from the Theatre Royal."
The tickets issued far exceed the number who can be con-
veniently accommodated in the building, which it is said can
contain only 1,500 at dinner; but it is calculated that some
hundreds more may find room after dinner. The arrange-
ments for this purpose are made with great impartiality. The
company are to take their places in sections of 30, a steward
being placed at the head of each section. The annexed ex-
tract from the regulations of the committee will explain how
this is to be effected :

" When the whole are thus arranged in sections of 30 in
the area, the names of the stewards will be drawn by ballot
openly from a hat, and each steward will move off with his
section into the room, and will be directed at the door where
to go, according to the number in the series at which his
name shall be drawn. In this way there will be complete
impartiality in the distribution of the places. As 1,800 white
tickets have been issued, and the Pavilion can only dine 1,500,
the last 10 sections, though having white tickets, must be con-
ducted by their respective stewards into the High School, from
whence they will be admitted into the great room immediately
after dinner, along with those having buff tickets.
" The doors of the area will be opened at four o'clock, and
no advantage can possibly be gained by being earlier, or by
pressing ; for nobody will get into the room till the whole are
arranged.
" The gallery for the ladies will be opened at a quarter
past six o'clock ; and it is requested that they will not wear
bonnets. The ladies will enter by the central or principal
door. Tickets for this gallery will be given out this evening
at the committee-rooms between six and seven o'clock, and
not after that time.

" The buff tickets above mentioned are those which were
applied for after the 1,800 had been issued. These do not
entitle the bearers to an admission to the dining-hall till after
the removal of the cloth; but dinner will be provided for them
in the High School."
EARL GREY'S DEPARTURE FROM OXENFORD
CASTLE INTO EDINBURGH.

At a very early hour, the inhabitants of Dalkeith and its
neighbourhood began to collect in Dalkeith, for the purpose
of meeting the noble visiter and conducting him into Edin-
burgh. The morning was one of the finest that could dawn,
and the bustle soon began to be immense in Edinburgh and
all along the line of road, through Dalkeith and to the
gates of the Castle, from which Earl Grey was to start.
At a little before nine o'clock the societies of weavers, ham-
mermen, skinners, curriers, tailors, dyers, gardeners, candle-
makers, and youths, having: assembled in the High School-
yard, Dalkeith, moved in procession, preceeded by the
Dalkeith Harmonic Band, and carrying numerous flags
bearing various devices and inscriptions, to meet the
Noble Earl, which they did at the New Mills-bridge,
within a short distance of the town. Hustings were erected
in front of the Cross Keys Inn, upon which the noble Earl
was to be received, and upon which a few ladies and gentle-
men were admitted before his Lordship's arrival. Accommo-
dation was also provided for the press. A handsome sofa was
placed on the middle of the hustings, intended for his Lord-
ship. At 11 o'clock the procession entered the town. The
noble Earl and Captain Grey were seated in one carriage,
which was followed by another containing the Countess Grey
and her daughter, Lady Georgiana. The tune which the
band played was " Welcome, Royal Charley." His Lordship
was also accompanied by Sir T. D. Lauder, Sir J. Dalrym-
ple, M. P., and several other gentlemen of distinction. Upon
ascending the hustings, the Earl inquired of Mr. Somerville
if they were quite safe ; of which he was assured in the
affirmative.

Mr. GRAY, a banker at Dalkeith, then came forward, and
spoke as follows :—My Lord Grey, aware of the fatigues your
Lordship has undergone since you came to this place, it cannot
be deemed unworthy of that courtesy which is due to your
Lordship, that before I proceed to address the few observa-
tions I have to make to your Lordship, I should request your
Lordship to have the goodness to be seated.
Earl GREY bowed, but refused to accede to the request.

Mr. GRAY then continued—The resolution which was
formed to invite your Lordship to visit the metropolis of Scot-
land, and there to become a nation's guest, did not only draw
forth a response in our hearty approval, but enkindled in our
minds a joyous anticipation that the day was at hand when we
should have the honour of expressing in your Lordship's pre-
sence the high estimation in which we hold your character—
(Cheers)—and the grateful sense we cherish of the mighty
benefits which your Lordship, under Divine Providence, has
conferred upon the kingdom.—( Loud cheers.) Your Lord-
ship's acceptance of that invitation heightened our joy by con-
firming our hope • and, now that your Lordship has actually
come among us, I trust that you have already, in the gratified
countenances of the thousands who have greeted you in your
progress hither, read that your Lordship has secured to your-
self by your character, your talents, and your achievements,
the nation's gratitude, affection, esteem, and veneration—
(Great cheering) and these in the highest degree in which it
is possible for a man and a statesman to obtain them.—
(Cheers.) My Lord, it must be admitted, that to many
of us the early period of your Lordship's career, is a mat-
ter of history, and I was about to say of tradition, for we
have both read in the annals of our country, and have
heard from the lips of our venerable sires, how that while
your Lordship was yet a youth, you forsook the rural retreat,
and sacrificed the ease of home, in order to devote yourself to
the promoting and securing of our country's best interests ;
and that so immediately and decidedly did your Lordship ma-
nifest your hatred of corruption, that even Scotsmen, who are
so proverbial for their caution and nationality, selected you in
the second year of your Parliamentary labours as the most able
advocate of their claims for municipal reform. Also from the
same sources of information we learn regarding your oft-re-
newed exposures of, and attacks upon, the partial and the vi-
tiated state of the representation of the people ; and in these
exertions your Lordship earned the admiration and won the
confidence of all who by honesty and intelligence were quali-
fied either to desire or appreciate the reform for which you then
pleaded.—( Great cheering.) My Lord, many in this large as-
sembly remember, and all of us have heard of, the existence of
Lord Grenville's Administration, and of the place in it which
you so honourably filled, and also of the part your Lordship
then took in passing an Act making the traffic in the flesh and
the bones, the liberty and the happiness, of our fellow-beings,
a crime in the eye of the law of our country, as it had always
been in the sight of our Maker.—( Immense cheering.) But,
my Lord, it would seem strange indeed were I to refrain much
longer from alluding to the events of our own day, and to the
part you have had in accomplishing them. When your Lord-
ship came into office in 1830, we had no visible political exist-
ence; the elective franchise was then in the hands of a few,
with whom we had little community of feeling, or even of in-
terest—( Cheers)—the freehold seemed to be considered as
only ono mode of pecuniary investment; and as illustrative of
the partial and capricious nature of that system which happily
is now numbered among the things that were, there was ap-
portioned to the property and intelligence of this town and
parish, one solitary freehold, the possessor of which was, and
continues to be, to us, a total stranger. —( Cheers and laughter. )
My Lord, we see in the measure of reform which your Lord-
ship planned, and carried forward to a triumphant consumma-
tion, a recognition of principles which we appreciate for their
own sakes, while it is chiefly in the fruits and consequences of
that measure which we exult ; but as a short summary of these
is contained in our address, I must deny myself the pleasure
of now attempting, which is all that I could do, to enu-
merate them : yet, permit me to say, in reference to one of
them, that the blessings of many who were ready to perish
by reason of a murderous bondage which they were lying
under, shall return and rest upon your Lordship's head,
and upon all who aided you in abolishing slavery in our colo-
nies.—(Loud cheers.) My Lord, your course of action
has been characterised by wisdom, integrity, and straight-
forwardness, and it has pleased the Almighty to second your
efforts, and thereby to constitute you a benefactor to your
country and your kind. My Lord, permit sue to say, that by
i
the light of prophetic revelation, contained n the book which
bears the signature and the seal of Heaven, we are privileged
with an extensive prospect into the future state of the nations
of the world ; and to produce the moral and social loveliness
with which we are enchanted in this long vista, we hope that
the governor of these nations has been preparing the adapta-
tion of Britain as an instrument, and that chiefly by the reform
which he has enabled you to achieve. Entreating your Lord-
ship's pardon for thus presuming to task your time and
patience on so important a day, I now read the address of the
inhabitants of Dalkeith, intrusted to us for presentation to
your Lordship, and humbly, respectfully, and affectionately
solicit your Lordship's acceptance of the same.—(Loud
cheers.) [Mr. Gray then read the address. A gentleman
then stepped forward and read a similar address to his Lordship
from the inhabitants of Musselburgh.]
Earl GREY then came forward amid general acclamation,
and addressed the meeting thus :—Mr. Gray and gentleman,
—.lt would be little to say that I receive with the strongest
emotions of satisfaction and gratitude the address which has
just been read to me by Mr, Gray from this town and its vi-
cinity, and also that which has been presented to me by Mr.
Smart from the town of Musselburgh. Mr. Gray, in opening
the address, alluded to the fatigues which I experience on this
occasion. Fatigue experienced on such occasions, before
countenances of approbation which must be gratifying to the
heart, ceases to be fatigue, and if it were ten times greater
than it really is, I should cease to consider it so.—( Cheers.)
To be received here by the title of a benefactor to my oountvy,
as was stated by Mr. Gray, and a benefactor to Scotland too,

is to receive distinction more valuable than any other which
can be conceived to the heart of a public man, who under
Providence has directed such faculties as he possesses,
to the best of his ability and judgment to his country's
service.---( Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, it is not here
only, but in every place in my progress from the time
I entered Scotland, that I have received the same demonstra-
tions, let me say, of kindness and affection.—( Loud cheers. )
From the moment I crossed the border till I arrived un-
der the roof of your excellent representative, Sir John Dal-
rymple—( Cheers)—the same expressions of approbation have
universally greeted me.. But I cannot Acme my excellent
host without claiming to say, with your permission, that he has
done honour to your choice by the manner in which he has
exercised the important duties committed to him by the free_
exercise of your privileges.—( Loud cheers.) He was
thatoneof
the most efficient and active supporters of reform during
memorable struggle which at lasted ended in complete success,
and he has entitled himself to the gratitude of his country by
the manner in which he has exercised that privilege which you
have conferred upon him by sending him to represent youlo
Parliament. In the discharge of his duties he has been dis-
tinguished, by his honest, steady, effective support of eve rye
measure which tended to secure the liberties and to imp
ira
the interests of his country.—( Cheers.) Gentlemen, it i 8
satisfaction and pleasure to me to boar this testimony to thets
conduct of my hon. friend, and I am sure that the sentiments
which I have expressed on the subject will be responded to_ he!,
every man who bears me. Gentlemen, I have a long day hen
fore me, and it is not easy to find varied forms of expessire_
to return thanks for the repeated honours which I have
.o,
ceived. I beg you, however, to be assured, that those
,111
have been conferred on me in this town are not those
cannot
I least estimate.—(Loud cheering.) I certainly etnlL
have the vanity or the presumption to think that 11.7_:
entitled in their full extent to all the very flatte
contained both in the eeches and in thead-
expressions__
dresses of the morning. It that it has heeu
will only repeat, t
my most anxious desire to serve my country accorau.bd if
the humble means with which God has invested me, ant
to
I have in any degree contributed as a humble instrurne%____
secure to the people of this counrry the benefit of a ret
in Parliament, and those results which will follow the get;
rat advantage, and if the country be contented with the,_,,4l
hich
nefits to be derived from the mixed constitution under which
we live, and which has afforded us so many blessings, Proud
shall I be, and confident am I that such a degree °f n°lls
tentment will be for the advantage of the country—(Cheerle
Particular allusion has also been made to the reform of
ook
municipal corporations of this country, and of the part,' first
in that reform at an early period of my life. Among we
seat
motions which were made in Parliament after I took my,
in it in )786, was a proposal for a reform of the Scotch burgesst
introduced by Mr. Sheridan. To that proposal I gave la): bilead
support, but, like every other proposition for reform. uas
little success—indeed, had no success in Parliament as it wie r
then constituted. Gentlemen, we have lived to see a haPPthis
occasion, that that system of Scotch election in
state of things, and rejoiced am Ito be able to say teh
burghs, (and with it all the evils which proceeded from
has been abolished, and that the people of Scotland hose
their respective representations have been made secure of tb
rights which were necessary to give them a due influencbeeetan
the government of the country. Allusion has likewise ne,
made to the slave trade. Gentlemen, it was my go°c 11°rtiConi-
as successor to Mr. Fox, to propose to the House oi
mons, as has been stated by Mr. Gray, a bill for the abohls
of the slave trade. That bill was carried,y and received&
• was "
sanction just at the moment when the Administration !
rmi too,
solved, and I retired at that time with the happy —,-,enstaio
that I had contributed to reform, or to remove that vue,/, Ltd
which had rested on the character of our country.---t from
the See it)
cheers.) I have lived, at the end of nearly 30 Years pro-
vidence, in removing for ever the stain of slavery,
that time, to be again an humble assistant, under Divine. ac-
complishing the emancipation of our fellow-subjects, whA°
heretofore been ground down in chains and misery. ling
therefore, for a second time, having the satisfaction of ha or
assisted, as far as my humble efforts could assist, to aceesr.
plish that great good, and that work having been aeknot-
ledged by so general an expression of the feelings of
trymen, cannot fail to excite in my mind a grateful and that
tion that I shall carry with me into my retirernent,,,,,t, rs.)
must soothe me in the last Moments of m existence.----( rds
no w°,,
I now take leave of you, once more expressingwhat
e telt'
l
of mine are adequate to express—my deep ant' b-a
most torn
sense of the manner in which I have been received-hi t'l
of Dalkeith.—( Great cheering.) and
and what,
Three cheers were then given for Earl Grey, his
daughter. Dal"
After his Lordship had partaken of a cold collation ati sr_
keith, the procession moved on towards Edinburgh, anueice
rived at the Lord Provost's house, near that town,,, at tic he
o'clock. Having taken a slight refreshment there also;sei,
returned to his carriage, drawn by four beautiful gray he the
and drove on, accompanied by the Lord Provost, t°
Waterloo Hotel, on the Regent's-bridge.
Before we proceed further in our account,
say a few words respecting the elegant array and orderly
duct of the different trades which met Earl Grey on Ida i 0
from Dalkeith to Edinburgh. They met, we believe,
eat
Leith-walk, and after finding th • into the High-s,d,
„ their way
of Edinburgh, proceeded with banners flying and music souiii•-ie
ing about two miles on the road to Dalkeith. Along the wo,
of march, and indeed throughout the greater part of the to
all the shops were closed, as if Edinburgh had determined.4th
celebrate one great holyday. The windows were filled „s-
-well-dressed persons of both sexes. The tops of the b°"„er
were also covered with them, and as they rise tier above 't-b-0
in very regular succession, in some parts of the town, erf
effect of these extraordinary galleries for spectators was In
curious. The streets were crowded with passengeirt, the
coming down Bridge-street your attention was attracted 7 the
we must stofonto,
crowd of men and women which covered the sides ridge'
Calton-hill to see the procession as it crossed the bri *
Their position was also a magnificent one for tailed
bird's-eye view of the moving mass which Preeege-
Earl Grey as he moved along Prince's-street over the ato
gent's-bridge to the Waterloo hotel. As he was exPected he-
address the multitude from one of its windows, the crowd
and
fore it became very compact, and the mixture of dart, the
trade emblems and scarfs of different colours, joined w't" cc-
other local peculiarities of the scene, gave to the whole sPII,
tacle an appearance peculiarly pleasing and pictilresl(lls
of
Some of the trades' models were north notice as specinie,agu-
art, particularly those of the shipwrights, which were s; the
larly elegant and beautiful. But to return to Earl Grey

. . .... __
chief performer in this balls ageant. wont'
On entering the great oom of the hotel, he Waste So-
panied by the Duke of Hamilton, the Lord Provost, tilersip
licitor-General of Scotland, Sir T. Lauder, Sir J. 6' ue first
Mr. Ellice, and a number of ladies and gentlemen of tt:/atoil-
distinction, among whom we observed the Duchess of V nre-
ton. The Lord Provost and Magistrates of Edinburgi.',4le
sented themselves in their robes of office before the 'tiship
Earl ; and the Lord Provost, in addressing his elf from
hoped that he should be excused in expressing bin' he bad
notes, in consequence of the agitated state into which .11 130
been thrown by the splendid effect produced by usliellisiorael
Lordship into the city of Edinburgh. He and the inagfellovv"
and council of Edinburgh, and a great number of their to hi'
citizens, were proud to pay this signal mark of respccvisit to
Lordship, on the auspicious event of' this haPPY, yllo'4s'
Edinburgh. Whether they considered the splendiuds 0, linu
or the undeviating principles upon which his Lor:eel
acted towards the people of this country, there vr
to the
reason for congratulation. Whoever had attended that be
political life of the Noble Lord must have observed, ligioo
had been throughout the steady friend of civil and rt and"
liberty.—( Cheers.) In him also it had been found, fbae
hared to
ever he advocated when out of office, he steadily ad,istration
when in power. No sooner had he joined the Adraa'abolition
of the late Mr. Fox, than he applied himself to the.. _ 00-
of the abominable traffic in slaves, and in all the leadiubocate
troversies which had occurred he had been a stdadY.:, of the
of the people's rights. He had procured the aboliti_ry letter
oTfehstisapndledCgoerpiaoractairronyiAngcts, and had adherred to the ''.,,,lent.---
on an economical GovernucirelY to
(Cheers.) Ile had succeeded in putting an eu'l., the reform
r
slavery within our colonies. He had done much 'moved oved fro
of Church and State ; and now that he had reTness in t.
office, long might he live to enjoy peace and "Vat his horde
ly:som of his family. It was to be hoped, also, aud to
stiff
ship would continue to visit as much as possible,Lich he _
an active part in that branch of the Legislature Which free-
dom continued to adorn. The Town Council had with.% the free-
Lord Pi ovost), in presenting him (Earl Grey) woisted hi s°,,r/
dom of the City of Edinburgh, to
aspresent it encl his L— i
thing which might be preserved an heir-loom on
ratios o
ship's table, and might be handed down to late geTle wish, be
beggedtcliiet
yhoofulseeavoeftoH Edinburgh,porweisceekon.nt t
at
oilnneildicsoi
emLpot
hlrideasnhbcieepx with that;ea n of the
the honour of offering to his Lordship.—(Cwhheicefhrres.l7
The following is the inscription on the box :----
At Edinburgh,
The twenty-sixth day of August,
One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four'
On which day i,
The Right Hon. James Spittal of Justice-hat
Provost, sawerh
Robert Thomson, John Fletcher Macfarlan, Thomas
and James Donaldson, Esqrs., Bailie',
John Macfie, Esq., Dean of Guild,
Adam Black, Esq., Treasurer, .n cornuAn
And the other members of the Council of said city, I.
Council assembled, admitted and received,
And do hereby admit and receive
The Right Hon. then ham
CHARLES EARL GREY, ,
Lord Viscount Howick, .
and •
Baron Grey of Howick. in the county of
Northumberland,
KnighivtlemofbethreafAHloB,isstcl‘.Nislojebe.slets,yc,Os.:PdreirvyofcotuhneciGLarter,
• ty dir
tinguished.hira as a Statesman during a long
Not only ofAthßenrges
bile_ it was.
is
splendidand talentsG ntieldstißamnrodnnt vyhierrt unefs taNhSn'ilidlecChointllysilftoernntl c a
tri,
eminent
public
services
s bfu
First Parliamentary alsoici
nfitshteerirodfetehpe
Reform, s
Crown,
which.
ifcahgn.rda:st i.
atbuod::,e:e.irj.,,
ifooorf
the great measure o
lvinestimableweight
benefit to
considerationt o the mdi re ats
Provost
clarge,i.antd uemnG-ass
copnfetalceufmrlieaeernls:_thartAbeto.int:osoicop
h u 4 :(1
to
EthaerlP:Rp
El People
.c_f
m Scotland,
Lord
;ord as
with
rbuoewevsothtooiwc
which
that none can be more highly.
Scotland,
giving
i • me the freedonl
~_
the nunib—
beg you to be assuro
to
Gentlemen,—
the numerous testimonies
estimated
havebpy mn been
ehteehnma n t°thhnee° 171
' 0 f
uponto me
novi
Alreadytvsaoei
of
enrolled lle d
London,
distinctionamongl haveiro
ot this
whichi sm oeenicsaosfnieoewnmojeifieeemnfeyeervr
conferred
tt.
in
In
spy
boast that I have received .
he
theei
the city of Edinburgh.
attachment to the cause of freedom, by
bodies equally distinguished in thisan cdou ntrtyhebysutphpeoirrtuonit;i

is-

rat measure of Parliamentary Reform to which I am sensible
owe the marks of approbation and confidence which I have
thate t with on this occasion. Gentlemen, I beg you to be assured
Of i feel, not in proportion to the inadequate power I have
thanking you, but that I entertain a lasting sense of the
lb honour which is done me—the
greatest which any public
n_ can receive, for the service which he has endeavoured to
render to his country. My Lord Prlvost, you have been
teased to say that in the splendid gift by which this honour
Edinburgh, it is the wish of yourself and the Council of
nburgh, that it should remain as an heir-loom in the
,Ilse of Howick ; you may be well assured that it will be so
"eu• and that I shall transmit it to my descendents
their eond
tolle of the proudest proofs of the estimation in which
mem father was
held, and as one of the best incentives to
Noble L e the
themselyes in such a manne!—
ord stopped from emotion, and was much cheered)—
as to merit the approbation of their country, which I know
attachment
Only be satisfactorily obtained by sincere and undeviating
thForreedom
ehment to civil and religious liberty, and to the support of
ese great principles by which, under our mixed constitution,
and independence of the people are best established.
the am sure that here there is no disposition, and I can say
row', after
of every place through which I have passed, to endea-
r_ u'r, after having effected a great and efficacious reform in the
tempresentation of the people, to found upon that further at-
-11,,t to carry into execution extensive and dangerous changes,
that the
liberty itself might perish. Be assured, gentlemen,
the
the liberty itself
of liberty is peace and good order, and
which ensures
of a regular Government, founded upon that basis,
of re.ensures to the people of the country the full enjoyment
1.0.. alr juSt rights.—( Great cheers.) It is utterly impossible
for Just
to do justice to my feelings on this occasion, or to make
~137 adequate return for the honour which has been done me.
15erniinels.t therefore beg you to take the will for the deed, and to
e that I feel from the bottom of my heart the value of
struatietlerent gentlemen'
al.! great mark of public esteem and admiration, and that I shall
`,'S the remembrance of it to the last moment of my life.
principally provosts and chief mis-
-48 heading deputations, presented addresses from the prin-
cipalhe`°lvns in Scotland. It was then intimated, that if fur-
addresses were to be presented, Earl Grey would appoint
and +lllr to-morrow, with the Lord Provost, to receive them ;
to th`"e Noble Earl having in one short speech returned thanks
sh_
mts of a e respcclamaective deputations, they withdrew amid universal
`.

The d. THE DINNER.
fiee Inner took place in the splendid though temporary edi-
Ito% which hadbeen erected for the purpose in the area of the
VI, 00, and of which we have already given a descrip-
ste,,v The most perfect arrangements had been made by the
aerds for the admission and accommodation of the immense
Canrldb rs for whom dinner was provided in the apartment (up.-
l
lion °f 1,550), while those who could not dine in the Pavi-
-BehPwards of 600), dined in the large room of the High
rento°',_,and were admitted immediately after the dinner was
The entireeund before a single toast was given from the chair.
assembly at that moment amounted to upwards of
tvausuo, exclusive of the gallery provided for the ladies., which
trenoTwded with the beauty and fashion of the Scottish me-
eek„ls' At four o'clock the admission to the Pavilion, ac-
wag to previous arrangement, commenced, and by five
that eyerY table in the apartment, with the exception of
euPl , ntedended for the Chairman and the guests, was fully oc-
,
It
signedisonly justice to the stewards to add, that the
places as-
Lemont° the press, and particularly to that portion of it (the
than the Press), who might be supposed to be less favoured
theeTilra;o:doactaioljno.urna_ls, were the best in the room, and that
4 ITIOSt kind and gentlemanly attention was paid to their
the
taeb,eninner being a cold one, and therefore already laid on
Perm I s, it seemed to offer an irresistible temptation to the
ifioznittli: admitted, for no sooner were they seated, and long be-
most e aPPearance of the chairman, than there arose an al-
universal clatter of knives and forks, and a general demo-
indec_of the eatables was vigorously commenced. This rather
from "d?t proceeding elicited some disapprobation. Hisses
calar having ascended one of the tables entreated the company
place m tr,frem mastication until the chairman had taken his
bis am, nut his appeal was fruitless, at least to the majority of
the ti 'lt°rs ; on went the work of demolition, and, in fact, by
rnencale the chair was taken and the dinner regularly com-
tiene ed, the eating was really over. %hose who had the pa-
a geep wait till the signal to comment e were rewarded by
Thud°, appetite ; but as far as we could observe, they had not
of theelse as the result of their forbearance. The appearance
was yeroont when the whole company had taken their places
great r
guest Posing. On the platform we noticed besides the
the E of the festival, Lord Brougham, Lord Rosebery,
borhaarl of Errol, Lord Lynedoch, Lord Bellhaven, Lord
lieitoNnid Sir J. C. Hobhouse, Mr. Professor Arago, the So-
Lord st enteral, Sir J. Abercromby, the Marquis of Breadalbane,
We give them not according to their rank,
but
rsaoollitealr'r'acteo'rding to the order in which we got their names.
many other the distinguished personages above named, and
"etail, had" of distinction whom we had not time to name in
,la, the their places at the chief table on the plat-
the I',Yas a Pause for a short time in order to wait for
/flaking the Rev. H. Grey, who found some difficulty in
The delay ay to his place.
chair in theabwas explained by Lord Roseb. ery who took the
Pos(d,
gene° of the Duke of Hamilton', who is indis-
he
norbeo Lord-Advocate was croupier, supported by Lord Di-
and,,,, the Attorney-General.
peulsb_ e arrivalof the Rev. Gentleman put an end to further sus-
dinneer' and
having invoked a blessing on their proceedings the
was recommenced in a more regular manner..
The noise made by the rattling of some 1,800 knives and as
InanY forks produced a din singular in its effect, and loud
dough almost to render inaudible the band which occasionally
Played during the dinner.
, Soon after the commencement of the dinner, the galleryre-
?rveti for ladies was opened, and in a few minutes presented
• brilliant display of beauty and elegance, such as has
seldom been equalled in the Scotch metropolis. We should
have, noticed that the entrance of Lord Grey was
marked by the most enthusiastic cheering, which lasted
for a
considerable time. His Lordship appeared to feel
geePlY and warmly this mark of approbation. Lord
e-2.°llehara, who was close at the heels of the ex-Premier,
(IT e in, or at least looked as if he had fairly come in, for his
4" share of the passing popularity. As soon as the cloth
was removed, the arrangement ' which had been promised of
admitting all those who had tickets, but who could not find
to dine in the great hall, was carried into effect, and con-
idr_ering the great addition thus made to the immense body
• :'adY assembled was conducted with a decorum and a dispo-
h:hon to accommodate which reflected great credit on the
tl'ari3ements of the stewards and on the social and neigh-
"utierly ::.selings of the country. After dinner the Rev. Mr.
returned thanks.
4von Nobis wc then sung in good style by several musical
gentlemen.
rjhe entranCe of Countess Grey and the Ladies Grey was
" bbserved by the assembly, who hailed it with many long
(Zits as they did also the entrance of the wives and
eel's of several other distinguished individuals.
Whol'"3re the toasts of the evening were commenced, . the
piae_e_ of those who had dined out of the Pavilion had obtained
iner's, and when seated, we might say, that we never. saw a
ate
eteentpact mass of human beings stowed in a dining-hall.
se CHAIRMAN asked whether all the gentlemen were
While Land being answered in the negative, a glee was ordered
"ish"oeY were taking their seats.
f Rowing glee was then sung :
"THE KING OF MERRY ENGLAND.
(Tune, " _Le Petit Tambour.")
BY ROBERT GILFILLAN.
" 0 ! the King of merry Engand_
What king so loved as he ?
A gallant band he may command,
In all his kingdoms three ;
And there the smile of beauty
Still falls upon the free.
0 ! the Kirg of merry England,
What king so loved as he ?
0 ! the King of merry England, &c.
" C:)! the King of merry England—
The„ rose upon its stem,
"lan twine with Erin's shamrock
_Around his diadem ;
While the thistle of Scotland
Shall ne'er forgotten be,
0! the King of merry England,
What king so loved as he ?
0! the King of merry England, Sm.
" 0 ! the King of merry England—
When wine-cups sparkle brim,
The first the foremost pledge is given
In bumper health to him !
Hurrah ! hurrah ! the toast is,
The Father of the Free !
0 ! the King of merry England,
What king so loved as he?
0 ! the King of merry England, &c.'
44 0 ! the King of merry England,_
.When 'auk the battle drum,
With hearts Of fire, and swords of flame,
A thousand wa:Tiors come ;
To drive from land his fuemen,
Or sweep them from the sea.
0 ! the King of merry England,
What king so loved as he?
' 0 ! the King of merry England, &e.
roe,arl of Roseneßv—Gentlemen, I propose the health
pros alaiesty the King. I must add on this occasion,
lievain
whttne
heartP"e the King, that he is a monarch who
Soversead affections of his subjects, more th,a,ln aTnhyeottohasert
was dr,,lgn,_ in Euroe.—( Cries of " He does.
QO,l-14- with the, greatest enthusiasm, and was followed by
joined eshanve the King," in which the whole company
442' and with very good effect.
",e, `LIIRMAN—I be to. proose the health of " The
,urunk with three times three, and loud applause.
The The K. p e e,l mg loves the Queen, so do we.
rlacess 1;!11,11aN—I propose to you the health of " The
with Ictor'
The
applaulaset7d the rest of the Royal Family.
pose to-"kla "—Drunk
mAN—The next toast I have the honour to pro-
the frienJ,r
,3f is that. of a Prince of the House of Brunswick,
at ever , religious and civil liberty, as sincerely as any
existed within these realms—the Duke of Sussex.
" 1-1 ilk with
, s, three times three, and loud applause. Air—
'ar of Brunswick."
v-ineers. Pext toasts ivere" ‘_-1 Loud
Air„ The Army and Navy.
'Th
British Grenadiers and Hearts of Oak.,,
e noble
-on tlme_, CHAIRMAN, in proposing the next toast, sale,—
how
,Nhou;ltobefore proceeding to name the toast which I am
i'othaviPrePose to you, I must bespeak your kind indul-
wthily been placed in the situation which I now un-
4'"" °f " No, no," and loud cheers) by the un-

avoidable absence of my noble friend the Duke of Hamilton,
who was to have presided on this memorable occasion. Gen-
tlemen, my consolation under these circumstances is, that next
to the indulgenee which I am sure I shall experience at your
hands—there is the conviction that no display of eloquence_
no force of argument, need be required when I propose to you
the health of my noble friend on my right hand. (Immense
cheering, which was continued for many minutes.) Gentlemen,
allow me to say that I consider this a most important meeting,
nyt merely as a manifestation of the general feeling which
prevails in this country with respect to my noble friend for the
services he has performed ; it is also of great public import-
ance on other grounds. It is indeed of great importance, in •
asmuch as it is to do honour to the public character of Lord
Grey—to his great talents—to his inflexible integrity (cheers),
to his rare political consistency (cheers), and to his splendid
services to his country during the short period of his extraor-
dinary administration. But, gentlemen, in doing that honour
which we are desirous of showing to Lord Grey on this occa-
sion, I consider that we are at the same time holding out an
incentive to other great men to imitate his fair fame, and to fol-
low his bright example.—( Loud cheering.) Gentlemen, if the
amendment of the representation of the people of England,
where it was so long sought, was at length by the energy, the
perseverance, and the manly firmness of my noble friend, embo-
died into an act of parliament,—if in that country there were so
many local abuses and great defects, it was felt that the question
of reform could be no longer delayed. I would ask my country-
men what was the just ground of complaint which we had to
make in this part of the kingdom—( Cheers)---lithere I may
say that the whole system of representation was unsound or
illusory—where the rights of property were overlooked or dis-
regarded, or, what was worse, perverted—(Cheers)—where
men of intelligence were excluded from any share in the choice
of their representatives, and where even men of property were
deprived of that fair influence which ought to belong to per-
sons in their station,—where, I mry say, we were under an
oligarchical domination of those who profited by that domina-
tion—(Cheers)—but now that we know, and what is more
when we feel, that all these evils have been removed under
the direction and guidance of my Noble Friend, acting as the
first Minister of the Crown, I would ask was it possible for us
to do otherwise than to give vent to our feelings by an enter-
tainment unparalleled, I believe, in all its relations, and under
circumstances the most disinterested and spontaneous, and with
emotions as warm and generous as spontaneous, to my Noble
Friend, who has done us the honour to be our guest on this
occasion ?—( Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, I feel that lam in-
adequate to do justice to the subject which I have introduced
to you, but I hope that your cordiality of feeling will do justice
to my inadequacy, and that you will all join with heartfelt
warmth in doing justice to the toast which I now propose, in
the health of Earl Grey.
The toast was received with one immense burst of applause,
which was continued for a considerable time, accompanied by
waving of hats and handkerchiefs. When silence was restored,
Earl GREY rose, evidently labouring under very strong
emotions. He was standing for some time before the univer-
sal cheers of the assembly allowed him to proceed. The No-
ble Earl spoke as follows :—My Lord and Gentlemen, I beg
you to believe that it is not the mere usual phrase and the or-
dinary and common-place introduction to a speech upon an oc-
casion like the present, when I say that I feel myself entirely
and completely inadequate to express all the feelings of satis-
faction, of gratitude, and, let me add, of pride for the honour
you have done me.—( Cheers.) Gentlemen, the circum-
stances of this meeting are indeed so overpowering as to leave
it almost impossible for a person so intimately and so deeply
affected by them as I am, to do justice to the feelings which I
must entertain, but which I find it impossible adequately to ex-
press.—( Cheers.) My Noble Friend has told you that this
meeting is an unparalleled one. I believe, indeed; that there
is no -example of anything of the kind to be found, when we
consider the occasion which has produced this great assembly
—when we consider the numerous and intelligent persons of
which it is composed—when we consider the place in which it
is held, the metropolis of the ancient kingdom of Scotland—
( Cheers)—no less famed for its generous love of liberty,
than for its general intelligence—for its cultivation of the
arts of peace—for its distinction in literature and science_
and, above all, for that superior, cautious, and reflective
sense, which, without at all diminishing the ener-
gies of the popular feeling, directs it in a course of pru-
dent and peaceable measures, to the attainment of useful and
legitimate objects.--( Cheers.) Gentlemen, this assembly is
further calculated to make a deep impression for the reason
stated by my Noble Friend—that though brought together
here more immediately to do me honour, to a degree of which
I wish I could I was worthy--(Cheers)—it is to be consi-
dered as much more valuable as having assembled here per-
sons actuated by one common feeling to support that liberal
line of policy, and that system of government, which is calcu-
lated at once to secure to the pe )ple their just rights, and to
all the branches of the Executive its necessary authority.—
(Loud cheers.) There is, gentlemen, another reflection pe-
culiarly affecting myself, which presents itself to me on this
proud occasion—namely, that this most gratifying of all
honours is not paid to a Minister newly raised to power, in
the vigour of his age, with a long career of active and useful
services before him, and holding out an expectation to others
of official benefits, not yet conferred—( Hear, hear)—no, gen-
tlemen, this proud mark of distinction has given to a Minister
who has descended, I will not say has fallen, from power—
( Loud cheers)--whose•official life has ended, whose long Par-
liamentary career is hastening to a final close.—( General
cries of " No, no.")—to one when the balance has been
struck between his promises and his performances to one
when the past is before his country for its judgment, and
the future, as far as he is concerned, presents no
object either for hope or for fear. ( Cheers.) Surely I
may be allowed to indulge in a just and reasonable pride,
approaching, I think, in no degree to vanity or presumption,
when I find upon this occasion, pronounced in an assembly
such as I see before me, that I have deserved well of my
country.—( Loud cheering.) My Noble Friend has alluded
to the great question of Parliamentary Reform, and even if he
had not adverted to it, it is so intimately connected with the
object of this day's meeting, that it would be absolutely impos-
sible for me not to advert to it shortly.—( Hear, hear.) I cer-
tainly concurred with him in thinking that to no part of the
United Kingdom so much as to Scotland was Parliamentary
Reform necessary.—( Cheers. ) In England, though with de-
fects which required correction, and for the correction of
which the public called in a voice that could not be misun-
derstood or resisted—in England, I say, though with defects
that required correction, still there was a representation in
some degree popular, and not altogether inaccessible to the
influence of public opinion ; but in Scotland the name of a
representation was a mere mockery and an insult.—( Loud
cheers.) The representation that had existed in Scotand was
no real representation ; it had no connexion with popular in-
fluence or opinion, and the periodical elections that then
took place, though they were pretended to be an exercise
on the part of the people of their rights and influence,
were in substance and effect an utter denial of their
rights, enjoyed to no useful purpose, and imparting none
of that influence to the popular branch of the community,
which was so essentially necessary for the purposes of
good government or representation.—(Loud cheers.) If,
gentlemen, by any efforts of mine, begun at an early period
of my life—(Cheers)—suspended when I saw no hope of suc-
cess, and when by pressing them I thought I might rather in-
jure the cause of Reform—if, gentlemen, I have been at last
the humble instrument in the hands of Providence, and sup-
ported first by the confidence of a gracious Sovereign, to whom
the people owe a debt of gratitude which they never can pay,
but by that general tribute of affectionate loyalty to which he
is so fully entitled ; if, I say, I was enabled first by the con-
fidence of a gracious Prince, and next by the support of a peo-
ple, to accomplish the attainment of that great cause, I desire
that no better remembrance of me should descend to posterity,
and that no better inscription should be engraved on my tomb,
than that I assisted in restoring to the people of England and
Scotland the fair and just exercise of their rights in the elec-
tion of their Representatives.—( Loud cheers.) In no part of
the kingdom was that support, which enabled me to carry that
great work through, more effectually or cordially given than
in Scotland, and in no part of Scotland was there greater
firmness, zeal, and moderation, more beneficially and usefully
exerted, than in the city in which we are now assembled.—
( Loud cheers.) Proceeding on the same principles as those
on which Parliamentary Reform was founded, namely—the
principles of strengthening and preserving the settled insti-
tutions of the State,—proceeding, I say, upon those princi-
ples, we shall have the power of effecting such further im-
provements as the necessities of the times may render
expedient, and in doing that I am sure that I need not
say to such a meeting as this that we should care-
fully abstain from pressing any extreme or violent changes.—
( Loud cheers.) I have the assurance that we shall not do so,
from the response made by you to the expression of that senti-
ment—( Cheers)—and from everything I have seen and heard
in my progress to attend an invitation sent in so flattering a
manner to me to meet you here this day—throughout that
progress I have found, here and everywhere else I have passed
through in Scotland, not only a zealous attachment to the
cause of liberty, but also a firm attachment to the true princi-
ples of our mixed government.—( Cheers.) I have found
everywhere, in my progress through Scotland, men " who
know their rights, and knowing dare maintain them"—
( Cheers)—men who prize liberty above all things, and who
in its defence, if need were, would " do or die"—( Cheers)—
but who, at the same time, are impressed with this great
truth, that for the sake of liberty itself the peace and order of
'society and the authority of the laws must be sustained, and
the just powers of a regular and beneficial Government duly
supported.--( Cheers.) lam sure those sentiments prevail in
the great body who supported and assisted in the great work of
reform.--( Cheers.) Those sentiments, I hope, will always
animate the hearts of those who at that time assisted me in ac-
complishing that which I thought the interests of the people
required. We have lived in extraordinary times, we have ac-
complished that which will secure the just rights of the people,
but in the accomplishment of that great work strong passions
were on all sides excited, which could not be expected all at once
to subside.eh a
nt
ogOoe On the
heedlesst ha than
onen e
ca handes
desirestnecessity
th
required,
o eimpatiencee greatera
n d o
perhaps f
moreto inspiredp eu xs
push
witheha launtda,r
tyhreer reform rm
were w itthho as
those
withan ge
whomrous
power precipitation.
long
possessed, On n the
manyt e n servs
eovthe
now lost or curtailed, had left feelings of bitterness behind,
producing opposition to the most generally expressed wishes
of the people.—( Cheers.) I trust that the passions which
ns,e succeededry,
through on the one
er.
p
have been pipited on both sides will speedily subside, and I
rejoice in the hope to goo those feeling
hand by the good sense of the people; controling excesses or
vhiaoplsencae,laatned,
coonnvitchteioonthaesr
tho theand , a
necessityec
of inquiring into,
and ultimately as to theanedcetshsietyinecfrecaosrreedctiinnttusiguechneaebuosfesthaes
th 4 t Thatilav i
es
of
the wants of tht3 age: n
times, require to be reniovgd:— cheers.)(
passeda hope I
will cherish, notwithstanding many things
late—notwithstanding the frantic declarations that we have re-
cently heard made, not only on the other side of the Irish
