DIPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, MONDAY, MAY 13.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKER took the chair a few minutes after twelve
o'clock. On entering the gallery we found about 100'
Members in the House.
Mr. BENETT brought up the report of the Committee
with the amendments on the Bath and Warminster Road
Bill, and moved that they be read.
Mr. H. BARING objected to the reading of the amend-
ments of the Committee, founding his objection chiefly
upon the evidence of Mr. llPAdam, Mr. Rennie, and Mr.
Mills, which went to dispute the necessity for the road,
or the propriety of the proposed line. He moved, as an
amendment, that the report and amendments of the Com-
mittee be read that day six months.
Captain DUNDAS seconded the amendment.
Mr. BENETT supported the reading of the report
and amendments, and the propriety of passing the Bill,
upon the grounds of its being virtually intended to im-
prove the road between Bath and Frome. The Hon.
Member went into details, showing that the tolls on the
Frome-road were about 1,200/. per annum, whilst those
at Warminster were only 6001. ; and combatted the argu-
ments offered in opposition to the line of road by the Hon.
Member for Marlborough, and generally by the opponents
of the Bill.
An HON.NIEMBER, who was on the Committee, depre-
cated the idea of a Bill being rejected by Hon. Members
who had not had an opportunity of judging of the merits
of the evidence.
Mr. ESTCOURT referred to the evidence adduced, to
show that danger would arise to extensive canal property
by the proposed line of road. He understood the proposition
to be to postpone the reading of the report and amend •
ments to that day six months; but he would wave his
support to that motion, if the clauses in the Bill chiefly ob-
jected to were given up. He denominated the proposed
rosd as a wild and extravagant speculation—a most absurd
project.
Mr. ROEBUCK said the only real opponent to the
Bill was Mr. Vivian ; the others put forward were mere
men of straw. He considered it to be a great public mat-
ter, although connected with a private one. The Com-
mittee was asked by the Counsel for Mr. Vivian to ad-
journ the Committee. He was answered that Mr. Vivian
had had twelve months to oppose the Bill, and the Coun-
sel then declared his intention to occupy all the remaining
time at the Committee, which he did, with the examina-
tion of witnesses whose evidence was of no importance
whatever. The Hon. Member contended that the read would
not interfere with Mr. Vivian's privacy, and that it was
nothing but private caprice which was offered in opposition
to the general good. It was this view of the matter
that induced him (Mr. Roebuck) to support the passing
of tlse amendments, and in the proper time the passing of
the Bill, in consonance with the interests and wishes of his
constituents.
Mr. HENRY BARING replied that the proprietors of
the canals in that neighbourhood opposed the-Bill as much
as Mr. Vivian.
Mr. GORE LANGTON and another Hon. Member
took part in the discussion, but were inaudible in the
gallery.
Mr. BENETT said a few words in reply, and strangers
were ordered to withdraw for a division.
For receiving the Report and Amendments 49
For the postponement 37
Majority
Several other private Bills were advanced a stage.
Sir JOHN KEY presented a petition against the
erection of an arcade in the north east end of the City ;
also a petition from certain watertnen against the Graves.
end Pier Bill, and praying to be heard against it, by their
counsel, at the bar.
Mr. CRIPPS took the oaths and his seat for Cirencester.
Mr. SANDERSON presented a petition from Col•
chester against slavery.
Colonel SHAW presented a petition from Sanquhar
against the stamp duties ; also several petitions from
places in Dumfries against slavery.
Mr. FOSTER presented petitions from the Wesleyan
Methodists of Weisel against slavery.
Mr. A. SMITH presented petitions from Duckworth
and other places against slavery.
Mr. E. STRUTT presented a petition from the female
inhabitants of Derby, against slavery ; also a petition from
the licensed victuallers of Hastings, against the proposed
arrangement relative to the assessed taxes.
Mr. PRICE presented a petition from a place in Radnor
against slavery.
Mr. RICHARDS presented petitions against slavery,
from Southwark, from Knaresborough, from certain Wes-
leyan Methodists, and from the rector and inhabitants of
St. Andrew's, Holborn, against certain establishments for
fighting dogs and cock-fighting, and praying that some
summary power may be given to police magistrates for
putting an end to such practices.
Mr. ROTCH and Mr. BRISCOE supported the petition.
It was not contemplated or wished to deprive the indus-
trious classes of society of any innocent amusement; but
it was much to the discredit of that class of the population
that they took pleasure in such unnatural and brutalizing
engagements.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented 31 petitions against slavery
from Wesleyan congregations ; seven from Independent
congregations in Herefordshire ; and also from the inhabi-
tants of Haverfordwest, and other places, on the same
subject.
Mr. BRIGSTOCK presented several petitions from
places in Somersetsliire to the same effect.
Mr. W. PATTEN presented petitions from the Wes-
leyans in Wigan, Clitheroe, and several places in the county
of Lancaster, particularly one from Manchester and Sal-
ford, signed by 22,400 persons, against slavery. The
Hon. Member also presented a petition from certain der.
gy men and justices of the peace, and other inhabitants of
Blackburn, against the Beer Bill. Also a petition trom
Maryport respecting the duties on foreign timber.
Mr. G. VERNON presented seventeen petitions from
certain Wesleyan Methodists against slavery.
Mr. CROMPTON presented a petition from Ripon, for
the abolition of slavery ; also one of the same nature from
Thirsk, and similar ones from Dissenting congregations
in Yorkshire
Mr. HODSON presented a petition from the merchants
and others of Sunderland, against the embargo.
Captain WEIIYSS presented a petition from Queens-
ferry, for the Repeal of the House and Wiudotv Tax. A
petition from the Synod of Perth, praying that the Gospel
may be preached in Ireland in the Irish language. Also
a petition from Stirling against slavery.
Mr. BARNARD presented a petition against slavery
from Maidstone.
Mr. BYNG presented a petition from Hensley, and
other places, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. BRISCOE presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery from Henley-upon-Themes, Camberwell, Thames
Ditton, and other places. Alec, a petition from a person
in Wandsworth, praying that the people called Quakers
may be relieved from their civil disabilities.
Colonel LEITH HAY presented s veral petitions from
Banff and other places. Also a petition from the ship-
owners and others of Peterhead, praying for some relief
for the shipping interest.
Captain DUNDAS presented petitions from Woolwich,
and another place, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. VYVYAN presented a petition from the borough
of Swansea, praying for an inquiry into the corporate
affairs of that town.—Referred to the Committee.
General PALMER presented petitions from Bath,
North St. Philip, and other places in Somersetahire,
praying for the abolition of slavery ; also one from Tiver-
ton, Devon.
Sir. W. FOULKES presented petitions against slavery
from places in the county of Norfolk.
Mr. PARKER presented petitions against slavery from
Wandsley, and other places in the county of York ; and a
petition from the clergy of Sheffield, against the Irish
Church Reform Bill.
Lord ORMELIE presented a petition against the pa-
tronage of the church for (Killarney and other places ; and
from St. Kiven and other places for the better observance
of the Sabbath. Also several petitions for the abolition
of slavery, and one against the drawback on malt. The
Hon. Member then presented a petition against the Irish
Church Establishment.
Mr. TYRELL presented seven petitions from places in
the county of Suffolk against slavery ; a'so from Wood-
bridge in favour of the Sabbath Bill.
Mr. THROGMORTON presented petitions from Yare
mouth and Cambridge against slavery.
Captain ELLIOT presented four petitions from Rox-
burgh and Kelso for the abolition of slavery, under
such restrictions as should provide for the safety and
comfort of the slave ; also a petition from Harwich
and Kelso against the small receipt stamps ; also
a petition from the inhabitants of Roxburgh
praying for the appointment of a commission of inquThe
iry
egarding the church establishment of that place.
Gallant Member also presented a petition from the Relief
Presbytery of Kelso, deprecating Legislative inter-
ference in the protection of the Sabbath, and recom-
mending that the conduct of Honourable Members,
should not furnish a pretext for desecrating that t•ay--•
(Hear, bear)—also a petition from Plymouth, against
slavery.
Mr. DUNCONIBE presented one from the Arch-
deacons and clergy of Richmond, Yorkshire, against
