WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 1, 182(1

The glorious first of May was never hailed with
more rapture by the chimney-sweeps, tricked off in
their gorgeous habiliments of sable. and gold, and
blending all the hues of the inorn4in their party-
coleured garments, than the interestmg first of the
month is welcomed by the lovers of literature, when
ell the Magazines issue forth in their Mantle; of varie-
gated colours, representing all the huis of the rainbow
on their learned wings, and difiliOuvources of amuse.'
meet and instruction to all parts ofthe empire. No-
thing 'more clearly proves the progress of knowledge,
or on be more illustrative of the -march of intellect;
-than'the great body . of insiruetion 'contained in oui.
periiidicid literature ; and the extensive circulation of
these ,entertaining 'works .is' the 'best eulogium on
' their Men of the first talent and genius
'now contribute to enrich the pages of many of
the monthly as well as quarterly publications, and the'
increasing improvement of the public mind is the
most unequivocal testimony of the beneficial result of
their labours. Monthly ' publications are peculiarly
adapted for popular approbation, from the constant
excitement which they keep up—being attractive with-
out expence, and amusing without labour-,-they make
a striking impression without overburdening the mind,
and are remembered with lively satisfaction.

THE NEW MONTHLY.
The present Number is enriched with many good
articles, and continuations of former favourites. The
Parisian article is a curious exhibition of affairs on the
other side of the water ; and the article on Euripides,
by Mr. Campbell, is worthy of the tragic Bard of
Greece, and his admiring commentator. We give the
critic's peroration, as doing justice to the subject
On the whole, Euripides brought an accession of impassioned
interest and' fanciful novelty to dramatic art. He was the first
who made love the subject of tragedy, and he delineated madness
with fresh and masterly originality. The fearful gaiety of Cas-
sandra' in the Troades, bursting in on the other tragic sufferer.,
is like lightning aggravating a midnight shipwreck. There is not
an affegtiou of our nature, from- its fondest to its fiercest mood,
whichltis language has not traced with the shape of truth and
the colouring of sensibility. Either from his defective management,
or from there being something in the Greek theatre uncongenial
with the change which lie introduced of making paesion, more
than destiny, the main-spring of tragic action, he certainly left his
satire drama in its kind less perfect than he found it. But he
Waged -the resources of dramatic poetry, and it must be consi-
dered as importantly his debtor.

THE TOR HILL.*
This novel is, as we anticipated, superior to Brambletys House;
not in the absence of positive faults, but in the exhibition of
higher beauties. Both works have imperfections, which are ma.
nifset on the most cursory perusal ; but both are redeemed by
felicitous traits of character, gleams of feeling and humour, and
abundant brilliancy of description. In the work before us, as in
its predecessor, there are occasional failures, arising from a desire
to produce violent effects ; but the interest is more condensed and
sustained; the incidents are thrown into greater masses; and there
is a unity of design and general consistency of execution, which,
in the earlier romance, were wanting. Brambletys House was
too much a succession of scenes—always animated indeed, and al-
ways fascinating ; but somewhat too slenderly connected with
each other ; so that, although peculiarly amusing in perusal, the
work did not leave behind an impression of power nearly equal to
that actually exerted. In The T4l. Hill, our author has done
himself more justice; he hat reduces' the number of his figures,
to render them more distinct and palpable ; and has completed a
picture of more definite outline, and more solemn and decided
colouring.

• " The Tor Hill. By the Author of Bramblet) ti I faun,'
' Gaieties end °tuition,' &e." S vols.

The following spirited verses are worthy of the " last
of the Romans, in his sublime attitude, choosing the
patriot's death rather than survive ths liberties of his
country

BRUTUS AFTER PHILIPPI.
He sat beneath a rock,
A little brook ran by,
'Twas after Philippi's battle-thocke
The death of Liberty.
He sat beneath the shade,
And talk'd of Rome enslaved,
The struggle he for her weal had made,
The peril he had braved.
His friends were offered up,
His hope had puled away,
And his Country deep had drunk the cup
Of lawless wrath that day.
He look'd upon the sky,
The stars were shining bright
0 thou great Jove, in thy majesty,
Avenge the Roman right—
" 0 spare my Country, spare !"--
He Hid, and sorely sigh'd,
As he counted the names, to his followers there,
Of friends whe that day died.
His foes were drawing nigh,
The victors' shout was beard,
Ifs arose with a consul's dignity,
And drew a freeman's sword.
" We'll fly, my friends, with speed,
But not with feet we'll fly—
We'll fly, my friends, in this hour of need,
With our hands from slavery.
" Though Fortune bath betray'd,.
Rome, Rome, it is for thee
I grieve she gave not her fickle aid,
And not fur mine or me.
" I mourn no friendships reft,
As there our victors may ;
No Roman blood on my name is left
For the ours. of posterity.
" I fail in Freedom's cause,
And, like a quenchless star,
My name shall shine with a world's applause
In ages yet afar. •
" The conqueror's laurel crown
Proffers no gift but pain,
When branded with virtue's withering frown,
With parricidal stain.
" Vanquisli'd, I keep that peace
Tyrants could never shake ;--
. 0-Rome! Rome! Rome! for thy freeborn race
I've play`d my utmost stake !
" Red it been more, 'isvere
thine—
A 7, bad it reach'd to Heaven,
Penndlees as the .uu's unmeasured thine,
714'llitn had all been given!
"I /IT, but not
go withfeet—
Where w'h
frie2,e_ men are free,
chlontihee.
dauutis7,l:oll:obaevteyt.his day died shall meet,
From the bide me then
He said ; and hnametight of slave !"--
To a great rush'de from the chains of men
and °dolls grave !

BLACKWOOD'S.
Blackwood's Magazin,
° ens with a splendid ar-
ticle, entitled " A Glance ate Selby's Ornithology,,
and written judging at least from internal evidence

. .
That: versatile genius, Professor Wilson. We
extract from it the follOWing admirable account of the
Raven :--
The Raven dislikes all animal food that has not a deathy smack.
It cannot be thought that he has any, reverence or awe of the
mystery of life. Neither is he a- toward ; at least not such a
longco a h
coward asis
victimtofear
can stand,thedyin
dying kick of a. lamb or a sheep. Yet so
- raven keeps aloof--‘hopping in or sit,
acircoler
naanstroowniganstr4ugngarlero,ts
as the rick nostrils keep dilating in convulsions, and its
eyes grow dimmer and more dun. When the prey is in the last
agonies, croaking, he leaps upon tha breathing carcass), and whets
his bill upon his own bine-ringed-4er steadied by claws in the
fleece, yet not so fiercely inserted as to get entangled and fast.
With his large level crowned heatibobbing up and down, and turn-
ed a little first to one wide and then to another, all the Nvhile a self-
congratulatory leer in his eve, he unfolds his wings, and then folds
'them again, twenty or thirty times, it if dubious bow to begin to
gratify his lust of blood ; end frequietly when just on the brink of
consumutatinn, jumps off aide, hulk. or throat, and goes dallying
about,
,round and rotrotottsd4dl:lo,i small safe distance, scenting,
almost snorting, the smell of the blood running cold, colder, and
more cold. At last .the poor wretch is still ; and then, with-
out waiting till it is stiff, he goes to work earnestly and pas-
sionately, and taught by horrid instinct, how to.reach the entrails,
revels in obscene gluttony, and preserves it may be .eye lip, palate,
and brain, for the last course of his meal, gorged to the throat,
incapacitated to return thanks, and with,dilliculty able either to
croak or to fly !
The Raven, it is thought, is in the habit of living upwards of
a hundred years, perhaps a eouple of centuries. Children grow
into girls, girls into maidens, maidens into wives, wives into
•WidoWs, widows into old decrepit crones,
and crone* into dust ;
and the Raven, who trona at the head of the glen, is aware of all
the births, baptisms, marriages, death-bed', and funerals: Cer-
tain it is, at least, that he is aware of the death-beds and the
funerals. Often does he flap his wings against door and window
of but, when the wretch within is in extremity, or, sitting on the
heather-roof, croaks horror into the dying dream. As the fune-
ral winds its way towards the mountain cemetery, he hovers aloft
in the air—or swooping down nearer to the bier, precedes the
corpse like a sable sanley. While the party of friends are carous-
ing in the house of death, he too, scorning funeral baked meats,
croaks hoarse hymns and dismal dirges as he is devouring the pet-
lamb of the little grandchild of the deceased. The shepherds say
that the Raven is sometimes heard to laugh. Why not, as well as
the hyena? Then it is, that he is most diabolical, for he knows
that his laughter is prophetic of human death.
• The a Political. History of India" is a comprehen-
sive, well-digested paper; and tie are glad to find that
the talented Author of the "Opium Eater's Confes-
sions," has enlisted himself among Blackwood's con-
tributors in the shape of an article-0 Leasing's Lao!.
Coon." The " Nactes Ainbrosiine" arc duller this
month'than ustkalwe miss the inaster-hipd Ow 'con.;
ceived therm On `the wholediowever, the Magazine
is a good ono. •

" Table Talk," among a variety of pleasant anecdotes, is
it dory put forward, as from the General Biographical
Dictionary, about King James anti the two whops,
which is as old as the hills (older, indeed, than some,
viz. the hill in Buckingham-gardens), and is to be met
with, as every one but the editor must know, in no
less notorious a book than Johnson's Lives of the
Poets ; article, the Life of Waller. We shall expect
after this to see " Thirty days bath September" inserted
as a novelty in " Table Talk." ,From the " Butleriana"
we extract the two following characteristic sksehec—

A DRUNKARD
Was conceived, like Orion, in a beast's' hide and HS is an
animal amphibium, that lives in two elements; but most naturally
in the moist ; for, like a beaver's tail he would gangrene, .if he
were kept dry. He has sprung a lake, and sucks in faster than
nature can pump out, till at length he founders and sinks. His.
soul dwells in a fain; stifled .with perpetual fog and Scotch mist.
His drink and tobacco render' him more like a sumaky house and
a rainy ay titan Solonton's.scold. He sucks in his liquor like a
sponge, which the learned say' is a kind of live plant, and such he
becomes when he has taken his doze. He is a coronation cutHluit,
au ale-commanding engine, au overtaker. He is like au Irish
bog, if you do not run quickly and lightly over him, you will be
apt to sink in him, and find it harder to get, than keep out of
him. H. takes his drink as a medicine to procure another man's
health, 'as catholic penitents whip themselies for other men's sins.
A beer glass is his divining cup, with which he swallows good or
bad fortune, as the country fellow did a
.potion to and his asses ;
and happiness and prosperity, or confusion and destruction, ensue
according.as the spirit of the drink disposes him. He conjures
his reason to go out of him, as the Grab do their souls when
they drink wine, and this he does so oft, that at length it cannot
find the way in again, and then he turns sot, and is drunk for the
term of life. He is never valiant but in his drink, as a madman,
that has lost his wits, has double his strength. He is not given
to drink, but thrown away and lost upon it. %lien Noah had
escaped the waters he presently found out wine, which drowned
sad destroyed as many sinners since, as the waters did before.

A MASTER OF ARTS
Is commonly an ill master, and as ill served. The Arta are his
menial servants and follower., but he keeps them so short, that
they are forced to cheat and outwit him ; for, as Tacitus says of
Nero, he has infra servos in,ycnium. Ile is as proud us a Pha.
risee of the title of- Master, and his learning is like the other's
righteousness, that consists in straining, of gnats and swallowing of
camels. He wears the greatest part of his learning on his back'
(as a needy gallant does of his estate) ; for his gown is the better
part of his knowledge, and all he has to show for his degree. It
is the livery of his learning, and a loose garment that fits all sizes
equally. He has been a 'prenticeship in breaking his natural yeaar
son, and putting it out of its pace into an artificial shuttle, that
makes no progressive advance at all. He malts down all his learn..
ing into abstruse notions, that destroy the use and lessen the Talus
of it, and by too much tetlning, losses much of its weight; for,
tot liner any petal Is,. the more unuseful it becomes, and is only
capable of s glister olloy. His understanding is weak and con..
sumptiva (like those, that have the dog-hunger), with oppressing
his capacity with snore than it is able to digest.

ACKERMAN'S REPOSITORY.
" The Repository of Arts, Literature, and.
Fashion," is worthy of Ackermann ; and the selection
of such *a view as Oaklands, Devon, tells well in a
publication expressly devoted to the Fine Arts. Of
the literary portion, we can speak in terms of equal
praise.

LA BELLE ASSEMBLEE.
" La Belle Assemblee," puts forward this month its
usual striking dims to notice. Perhaps, indeed, the
critical part, under, the attractive title of " Contempo-
rary Ports, or VV,eiters of Fiction," might be un.
pmed ; but as for: the rest, it is highly creditable
(particularly the engravings and the fashionable por-
tion) to the taste of its spirited proprietors.

TIIE INSPECTOR.
The " Inspector," a rival, as it seems, to the
" Magnet," runs its course of popularity, like a prac-
tised race-horse ;it is, in truth, an agreeable gossip-
ing miscellany, but as we some time since indulged
rather exuberantly in its praise (not unjustly so), we
must, here stint our remarks, except just to recom-
mend its Editor or Editors, Proprietor or Proprie-
tors, to be more careful in correcting their proof
sheets. Some harmless inoffensive gentleman, in a
song on the Delphin Classics, is made to quote Latin,
as Falstaff says, " like an ass." Whether he be so
in reality we cannot say ; but at any rate, there is no
advantage derived from exhibiting him as such to the
public. We hope this hint will be enough.
SONG.

The sun is up _though feebly still
He throws his yellow beam ;
The gray mist shrouds the distant hill,
And floats along the stream.
Ths fluttering lark hangs on the air,
And pours hie matin lay ;
While Mirth and rosy Health repair
To meet the rising day,
The forest-branches slowly ware,
Where sport the eephyrs coy,
And Echo, from her hollow cam
Repeats the notes of joy.
The light airs cool my ffvered blow,
And pain and care depart;
For Nature's holy radiance now
Hath flashed upon iny heart !

0. L. R.

THE MAGNET.

" Th. Magnet" is good--,exceeding good, and got
up in creditable style. - It is, in fact, the cheapest pe•
riodical of the day ; and when Mr. Alaric Watts con.
tributes his own poetry, deserves to rank among the
higher order of monthly publications. But the Sou-
venir, we are afraid, monopolizes him, to the infinite re-
gret of the subscribers to ,t The Magnet."

THE TUNEFUL SPIRIT.
When Evening o'er the western hill
Her robe of purple and gold hu flung ;
When every sepbyr is hushed and still,
And every bird hal its vesper sung—
I'll seek once more the lonely'bower
Where late I heard that melting strain ;
And haply, at the same sweet hour,
The tuneful Spirit may sing again.
And if perchance, in geeing. round
Among the leaver, a young face I view,
Oh how my bosom with joy will bound
To find that Spirit hu beauty too!
And sure as ever gentle heart
Had bliss in soothing a lover's pain,
Ere Morning.bids us to kiss and part,
I'll make her promise to sing again.

MONTHLY REVIEW AND GENTLEMAN'S%
The ~ Monthly Review and Gentleman's Maga-
zine."—Those antique specimens of Periodical mtel-
legit—are both equally good this month. Indeed thet
cornier aficts rejuvenescence—and dressed out in 4
looks quite young again. Its
ro
, poticu-
Milton, as a Statesman ; a
iet
lri iltiy iice
ils
character,tylinl sestt, i t
obo:fth uebl)n however,
are manly
bye,enoughu oe ,
in which we should as won

(
44
•xpdet ire 4 a poet figuring, as to so* the vesititr at
shilling chop-house dancing a pas des dears with Om
Bishop of London. The criticism of Mist Mitford's
Village," deserves also commendation : it is donor
throughout in a pleasant good-humoured vein, and
merits, as well as the ,6 Review itself," especial notice.

SPORTING.
As the pleasures of racing are now drawing to a
close, the " Sporting Magazine" provides a more sub.
stantial recreation for the ensuing month, where the
lover of field sports may have a compound pleasure in
first hunting—then killing.—and lastly eating his
game.

Clad all about with mists, and duetted o'er
With densest fogs, and vapours of the air,
Lo, dull November, like a thing of care,
Comes darkly on the world. The trees, before . .
So gaily coloured, are all stripped and bars,
And the last ling'ring intf—it will not nutter most.
Yet all's not dreary, there are sunny home
E'en though this cowrier of the winter comas
What itei but joy to sportsmen when there lours
Cloud, in the sky, and sulky Boreaa hum,
A fitting symphony with southern showers?
Oh then full well the dauntless hunter knows
Dear is the Month to him, delight the gale it blasts.
November may be regarded as the roost busy sporting asonth
of any dining the year; and, because it is so, we shall be shorter
than usual in our observations here, as our number will sufficiently
supply the omission, 13y-details of the actual occurrences, to whlck
it has been parent in our after pages. Let it suffice to say, that
every species of game may now be lawfully pursued, apd, this stat-
ed, we go on to observe that grouse, at this period, will not gene-
rally lie well; or, iu other words, they will be difficult of approach,
-exeeperindeed, in places where they have heal hut little disturb-
ed.. Speaking comparatively, we: shoula say that this epeeists of
game is the most wary to be dealt with of any, requiring the ut-
most patience and tact of the aporimusti.
Woodcocks will, in all probability, be plentiful during the month,
As they made their appearance much earlier than they have gene-
rally been accustomed to do. A relation of the wetter averred
one of these "long-billed wanderers" on the second of September,
in the township of Aintree, a few miles from Liverpool; and se-
veral others were subsequently seen in the elute neighbourhood, es
well as in other parts of the kingdom.
Pheasants, like partridges, hare been COUild very plentiful, gad
in general, well grown ; though some small birds hats fallen tinder
the observation of the writer, arising ao doubt from the parent
birds being disturbed in their original nestling... 4 Oirell%litaCe
common also to the partridge.
Coursing commenced at an early period, and will.now be gins-
ral throughout Great Britain, as well as in the Sister Kingdom
also ; though coursing in that country is not so common, nor yet
so cultivated and improved as in England. The Irish sportsmen
would appear more partial to hunting ; thsy are, for the most part,
fearless riders, and it is, perhaps, more owing to this circumstance
than any other that Irish horses leap so well, and are in general
such excellent hunters.

•
Harrier' were taken out much sooner than usual, and where
there are -many young hounds in the pack, it is highly serviceable
to get them out as soon as possible, early in the morning, of
course, whit. the weather is warp• As the early tuition of fox-
hounds is distinguished by the name of cub-hunting, so the first
lessons of the harriers may be designated by the appellation of
leveret-hunting : yet, although the cases admit of some degree of
parallel, there is a great difference between the training or enter-
ing of fox-hounds and harriers the former, from the manner in
which they are bred, as well as from the very nature of the pur-
suit for which they ars intended, are more ardent, more impetuous,
and more unruly, till such period as they have many time, reiter-
ated those early lissom, which are often impressed upon their
memorise in a very forcible, if not in a very feeling manner.
The feet is, that very strict discipline is indispensable to the
perfection of the fox-hound ; nay, it is also requisite in the
harrier ; but the education of the former is necessarily attended
with infinitely more trouble and Marione exertion than that of
the latter.

Fox-hunting will soon become general ; the first Monday in
Nat's:ober Is considered as the commencement of the hunting
Noon for the Cheshire fox-hounds, (Sir Harry lUsinwaring's) ;
the Quorndon (Mr. Osbaldeston's) usually commence a week or
two earlier. November is, in fact, most welcome to the fox-hea-
ter ; although we are sometimes told that it is a month in
of all others, Englishmen are inclined to wear a sallow melaneholY.
and to make their wills; this, however, is not, we are quite stirs
very applicable- to the sportsman.

Iron) the LONDON GAZETTE, Oct. I.

A ile.pistch hies bi:lnPraect Qtheit t.taili;•lndie' the
Governor. General Council at Fort William, in Bengal,' of whit*
and of its enclosure )ilie following are an extract and a copy
Extract front a Letter from the Governor-General in Council to
the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, April It.
We have the honour to submit a copy of the General Orden
issued by the Government, on the occasion of the return of his
Excellency the Commander-in. Chief from the Western proving
to the Presidency.
Copy of the General Orders referred to in the foregoing Xttract.
The official despatch front his Excellency the Centmander•isto
Chief, dated Bhurtpore, 19th of January, 1826,. has been already
published in the General Order issued from the Political Depart-
ment, on the flOsh of January last. In that report thr Right Hop.
Lord Combermere expressed, in appropriate terms, the applause
due to the Officers and troops who have conquered under his
Lordship's command ; and that authentic and honourable teati.
rnony derives a value from his high authority and personal cora-
stance, which it could have obtained froM no other quarter. The
Governor-General in Council will not, however, deny himself the
gratification of seizing the opportunity now presented, ',whilet
publicly offering his thank. and cougratulatious to the Commander.
in-Chief on the successful close of the campaign in Upper India,
of at the same time repeating, in the name of the Supreme Go-
vernment, the well merited encomiums, and ackuowledgraeute
bestowed by his Excellency op those individuals. who specially en.
titled themselves to the honour of his notice end commendation.
The eminent merits and services of Majors-General Bayne!!
and Nicolls, during the' whole course of the operations against
Bhurtpore, the excellence of the dispositions made by them for the
assault, and the firm, unditunted manner in whick flume disposi-
tions were carried into execution, justly form the theta of the
Commander-in.Chiers applause and admiration ; and the Clover-
nor.(leneral in Council has already communicated to those distia-
goished officers, through his Excellency, the sentiments of eppro.
bation and gratitude with which the Ooveresserit,stasitemphtse
their bravery, skill, and judgment.
The judicious arrangements and gallant exertionsof Brigadier..
General Adams, C. 8., APCombe, and Edwards, at tbs. head of
their brigades ; and of Brigadier-general Sleigh, cormosanding the
cavalry : as also the zeal, science, courage, and patient endorsee*
of fatigue displayed by Brigadier APLeod, C. 8., Brigadier Anbury,
C. 8., Captain 'lrvine, Major of brigade of engineers, with every
officer and private of the artillery, sappers, miners, and pioneer
specially of the most
laboriouons
andAa
d.holintteitijo rtt necessarilyimportant
nudtdieeswvo:ltr,inn,eri
eyvs;needlkatir,faoietlttlh.n.aine!:hogecretdi.fgb.
y the Right
lion.
has
als
of the
Cax.111'"664., of thhi:
sarL.wi
,nii‘olh(4frilaidalcntjohoetCtrailotiN.i.y,cl:l;est
:bu; etryberretineljdattilet; rlf,tfeaa.rcnn Brigadiersorlci;n2i .
eiExcellencyChiller,
atd
cordial thanks to Brigadiers Whitehead,
tunity
,cavalry; and Brigadiers Metzler and Brown, of the artillery ear-
Hun
ovGneeoiyeerifloirtiorioniortiihenidoeldi,anscinnotairi
juasi.ma,lilio:prodptfdtecio,isasaalhiriviiniinE:l3loBl44l,foambtoihntadieettdeNsyldfhttnea.t.ige,ottittsavi:mvlol4o44teintoiomriilhafaii:tee4L,Datirate‘titTlbtht
I,.orYluirh•eider:
aßLrigiee uhs :tat
Ilan. the
his full concurrence in the vrell-motted ..111°I"Al
ablest manner, and to have taken ample advantage 95 '"'"*l
pronounced by
the Commander-in-Chief, on the serrates and good "'ad"' at the
whole of the above officers and departments, and to offer to dont
the expression of his worntas ePPrutslt4"'andA tha X
rarTd,oahnisa
511,1athje:tcy;:sinlatnthautilletbiymiivlatIoreaFalutaar:ebe' loe'nguy prZ
dlBisttiiinauttiojnantrhya,singThleed
equalled the Des a
by those 'Corps, al! " leading „mall column under Lieut.-
the European 1141rar t the native corps who emulated the
Colonel Wilson, ming
l
ltis Ex
vexsl4lr
thpew46-rtch'h yitoefgitubluettlitistiNin4gtilivilleheidnifitAnatcle7sivrchoincihuitahne,yiethielbdy,
ot:fethCeoi- rti:srumPletra-n,il7-.ciluei inrtte:tehrodrellelpisdfalTrsellaillineniedaritiil4lll:giseo'ratatellatdeneddta:tP'hh.:lll:ed"fnoetntll;oliwl—Mleinlinjg:ll:r -
se
cellency
("alone! Pepper; one wing of the 41st, by Major Mutter; the
4971.dipOtai
tilebeileyr:Lard nt it: companyi ye' le
i;a4ttoitt:fae(l2:6ih:ol,ll.Y,6l ihN) y:
t.i e
lightl 1 the
e tz t-aCo i I
companyl tt:aebl yor ItiZetrs7tthe

iiieservices of Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner,,
and the two ragi.
mews of native irregular cavalry under hie command, have been

•
11)4"*)
‘ I i 441 ' . ' • t, ... , 11),1,
. 1/41,:' , 10 .' , •at I; '. ,
,E'.41001,9 • ,
)0"
' • ' ' Y*l.;"' 7 ; ,e' -'4.4.., v.. 1 ic ,54,-41-,- "-•
, -,,- , • ---7,-_,-70,' , .
,c," .11. ;LT.; .44,-;,;:,--
. 4 ~„.... • I.
i. "
TTT- ,
4 1 • ..- - '
'•I 1 • Ilk it, , Ai. it,,.,, ~,,..,,-. 0v„,,,
IN .
