SUPERANNUATION BILL.

Upon the report of the Superannuation Fund Bill being
brought up,
Mr. MONCK said that he felt it-his duty to oppose the mea-
sure. his objection to it was, that it went to impose 50,000/.
a-year additional on the public, whilst it took away from the
public servant the stimulus to provide for his own wants in
old age.
After a few words from Mr. 13 UXT ON, the Report was agreed
to, and the Bill ordered to be read,a third time to-morrow.
Mr. FORD presented a-Petition front Belfast, against the
Warehousing Bill.—Ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC ARREARS.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH rose to present two Petitions. The
first was rather addressed to the lenity of the War Office than
to the interference of the House. It was a petition from Mr.
paymaster of the Wallace Fencible Infantry. Twenty-four
R. Bell, who became surety for a Mr. Workman in 1798, then
years ago Mr. Workman ceased to act in the capacity of pay-
master and sent in his accounts. A balance, however, was
now- at this distant period claimed from Mr. Bell as his
surety, which balance Mr. B. contended might have been re-
covered from Mr. Workman himself if due diligence had been
used by the War Office. He (sir James Mackintosh) was
Counsel for that gentleman some years after that date in
an action which he brought against his Colonel for imputing
disloyal sentiments to him, so that so far as publicity went,
there could not be any extraordinary difficulty in the way of
finding him. He did not mean to say that the War Office
went beyond their legal claim in this demand, but he con-
tended that it was a great hardship in this manner to be called
on to pay money as a surety so many years after the date of
the transaction, and when, for aught that was known, all the
parties might be dead. The Statute of Limitations was an Act
which met with the concurrent sentiments of all mankind, and
he saw no reason why the same law should not apply to cases
of this kind. For were individuals given timely notice of their
liability, they might themselves find the means to recover of
their principals, or put themselves in better condition to pay.—
The Noble Lord (Palmerston), he was sure, would rejoice at
any expression on the part of that House which should relieve
hiin from the necessity of enforcing the rigorous execution of
his public duty in this case. He hoped the House would say
something which should satisfy the Noble Lord that he would
not forego his duty to the public, if he abstained from pressing
this claim.

The Petition having been brought up and read,
Lord PALMERSTON observed, that the War Office could
not be chargeable with any harsh proceedings towards Mr.
Bell, when it was considered that he had not become volun-
tary surety for Mr. Workman, that public money was placed
in his hands. It was true that in 1800 he gave in his accounts,
and in 1808 they were examined, and the result communicated
to Mr. Workman, his agents being furnished with abstracts of
the accounts. The agents at that time demanded the names and
addresses of the sureties, with which they were also furnished.
It could not, therefore, be said that no notice was given to the
parties. In consequence of the great pressure of public ac-
counts, this claim, with others, had remained in arrear. Arrears
of public accounts were in a regular course of revision, and this
particular one had taken its turn. Considering Mr. Workman
as dead, every item that could admit of explanation had in con-
sequence of the delay been struck out of the balance, which
was in consequence diminished 1,164/. All that it was sought
to recover was 150/. which consisted of double charges, over-
computations, a charge for an officer after he ceased to belong
to the corps, and a sum which the paymaster had drawn over
and above. These sums, it was obvious from their nature,
were as strictly due as any debt that could be imagined. So
far from the length of time being an argument against such a
claim as this, he thought Mr. Bell liberally treated that he was
not called on to pay interest on the sum.
Mr. HUME observed, that this was one instance among
many of great hardship. He contended that the limitation of
seven years ought to apply equally to public as to private ac-
counts, for it was a very great evil that old accounts should be
thus ripped up many years after the death of all the principals
concerned. The balance in this case was known in 1808, and
therefore there was the less excuse for its not having been
pursued. Mr. Workman was Chief Justice of New Orleans
for seven years after the disbandment of the corps to which he
was paymaster so that Mr. Bell might have recovered the ba-
lance from him, had he known he was liable. He should ever
maintain that this inquisitorial power of the Secretary of the
War-Office ought not to continue.
Mr. H. GURNEY said a few words, which were inaudible
in the gallery. •
Sir J: MACKINTOSH, in moving that the petition be
printed, observed that the Noble Lord had made out a very
good case against Mr. Workman, but none against the Surety,
for whom he begged the equitable consideration of the Noble
Lord. He had no reason to suppose that Mr. Workman was

dead, and he hoped the publicity usually given to the pro-
ceedings of that House would be the means of advertising him
of the situation of his Surety, in order that he might relieve
him.

The petition was then laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. •
A Messenger from the Lords announced their Lordships' as-
sent to several Public and Private Bills—(For which see Lords'
Report.)

SLAVE TRADE,
Mr. Secretary CANNING laid on the table various papers
relative to official correspondence on the subject of the Slave
Trade. .
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that he had intelligence from
sources in whose accuracy he had the highest confidence, that
the Slave Trade was still carried on in the ports of France with
as great vigour as ever it had been before the abolition of the
trade by England, and before the French Government pretend-
ed to have a wik'h to aid that abolition.
The papers were then ordered to be printed.
. SOUTH AMERICA. --, -
Sir J. MACKINTOSH rose to present the second petition
of which he had spoken. It was from a body of Merchants
who were engaged in trade with the countries formerly under
the dominion of Spain, hi South America. The prayer of the
petition was, that the House would do what was expedient to
the recognition by this country of such States as had actually
established their independence. The subscribers to the peti-
tion were persons of the most eminent and respectable nature
in the commercial world. There were 117-merchanti, who were
members of considerable firms in the city. These stated the
opinions and wishes-of probably more than three hundred per-
sons engaged in the trade with those countries. Ainong these
names he might:cite the name of-Baring, of the firm of Baring,
Brothers, and Co., a firm which, without offence, he might cer-
tainly place at the head of the .commercial world in this coun-
try, or in Europe. BeSides, he found the names of Sir John
Lubbock and Co., Sir RObert Shaw, Chairman of Lloyd's, and
many others w'hieh,,although not known to hint, were probably
equally respectable. It was not his` intention to go into the
vast questioo ahich this subject opened, and which he should
reserve Kw another opportunity. The house was aware of
the anxiety which prevailed in the commercial world, and
amongst the public at large, that the Session should not close
without,some explanation being obtained upon this interest-
ing: 4ibject. As he did not mean to discuss the question ad-
versely; 'he certainly considered- that a petition was the best
opportunity for,obtaining such a discussion as the nature of this
case re jutted: It charged the acts of Government with no cen-
sure,nor , fettered them with any pledge as to a line of future
conduct:. He merely resented a petition, and sought an ex-
planatien ona subject in everyrespect entitled to the considera-
tion of the House. He hoped, indeed, it would be seen in this
transaction that he most iinpartially discharged his duty as an
individual Member of. Parliament. He made no attempt to
apply this Petition to the purposes of party, although he did not
shria frbni avowing that he did belong to a party professing
anti acting upon constitutional principles. The Petition went
no further than to ask for the recognition of those States which
bad established their independence, which were the very words
of 'one of the State Papers on the subject. The word mime-
' diate was the only expression he could object to, since he had
no desire to point out the precise time at which an act of this
nature ought to be done. With respect to the state Papers, to
which he had already alluded, it would be his duty to recall the
princirial points to the attention of the House. It might be matter
of regret, and it was admitted to be so in the documents them-
selves, that so much forbearance had been shewn to the feelings of
Old Spain in this affair. In every other respect he could not but
applaud these documents. He should ever consider that they
contained the most grave maxims of international law, urged
by the most unexceptionable arguments, and expressed with
-that precision, circumspection, aria dignity, which would ever
render them the models as they were the master-pieces 6f this
kind of writing.— (Hear, hear !)—They had been misunderstood,
he Was sorry to say, in some respects by thoe who ought to
have-known better. On this account it was, that he was anxi-
ous to enter into an examination of them. In doing this he
would advert to the stage to which these papers had atready con-
ducted the great question itself, and then call upon them to con-
sider how the future progress of that question was likely to
be effected by them. It would be necessary for him in the
execution of his task to go back to some of the first ele-
ments of international law, before he proceeded to notice
any of the passages in the papers themselves, on account
of the confusion into which some persons, who were better
informed, had fallen. The word " recognition," which had
unfortunately been introduced into this question, had become
a source of infinite confusion. It-'had two senses, both
widely different from each other, add which had in fact hard-
ly any thing 'iii common. The ' first true legitimate sense of
the word, as a term of international law, was the recognition
of independence in a State over which the party recognis-
ing formerly held sovereignty—a recognition which Spain
had been doomed to make oftener than any other kingdom
of Europe, and with greater obstinacy than any other. Thus
the independence of Holland and Portugal had been recog-
nised. This was where a hostile a violent breach had
taken place. Such a recognition was in fact no more than an
abstinence of the exercise of Sovereignty. Such was well known
and understood in the laws of nations, and might be considered
to include a new state of all foreign dependencies. The recogni-
tion, however, here spoken of as between this country and these
states, was of quite a different nature. We had no dominion
to abdicate, no domestic or other breaches to fill up. Recogni-
tion from us was subject to no charge upon the law as it stood
between parties so situated. Such an act on our part would be
making no alliance with these States, it would be giving no
guarantees, no aid or assistance, no approbation of. the means
by which they obtained their independence. We had had no
right to pronounce a decision, aye or nay, upon those events ;
but we were entitled to pursue any course which was re-
quired from us in the assertion of our own right, or the
maintenance of our just interests. He was not saying that
England should declare whether they were wrong or right
in their quarrel with the Parent State; but he thought
we ought not to scruple to deal with the Government of
South America, as with a Government possessing power
over a considerable portion of the waters of the globe, and
no small extent of the land. He should not have dwelt so
much on this subject, had he not found that many men of
powerful mind and great information were misled with re-
spect to it, in a way which he could hardly have believed
possible, had he not witnessed the fact. Hence the differences
which prevailed on this question. The recognition of the
United States of North America was wholly an advantage to the
party recognized. In the present case he called for the recogni-
tion of the South American States, not for the benefit of those
States, but for that of British subjects, that they might be ena-
bled to proceed with their commercial pursuits in an easy
orderly regular way, and that differences which should at
any time occur might be more readily adjusted, and thus
prevent the breaking out of a new' war. These were the
reasons which led to the establishment of diplomatic rela-
tions with Foreign Powers, and such relations were just as ne-
cessary where new States were concerned, as in the case of
old Governments.
Americaovernme fornts. ourT ownhese kwsearee. He
now proper
not say it wasour
duty tobeform edwith
South
duty to do so on account of the South American States, though
he at the same time considered the duties of humanity bound
us to promote the welfare of all mankind. But admitting that
it was for the English Statesman to direct his peculiar attention
to the interests of his own country, it was for these that he
called for the recognition of South American Independence, and
not for the sake of South American States. Having said
thus much of the principle on which he grounded the call which
lie had made, he would now call the attention of the House to
what had been the ancient practice of Europe. The first in-
stance to which he would adyert, was that of the States of
Holland. These after a revolt against the tyranny of Spain,
and after a contest of fifteen years duration, declaring them-
selves independent in 1581, shortly after the murder of the first
Prince of Orange, who fell a victim to the fanatical zeal of a
man whose family, to the shame of the Government which could
act such a part, was ennobled by the crime thus perpetrated.
His father was ennobled because he had assassinated one of the
best Princes in modern times. It was in 1581 that the States
of Holland declared themselves independent, but it
1648 that the pride and obstinacy a the Spanish Government
was not till
treaty of Westphalia. Thus it was sixty-seven
hadthey
named, re recognized
pthreetehlepenbydaenwcear yearsye.arsp.bidefotrhele
were so far relaxed as to lead to their formal recognition by the
declared at the period he
House believe that all this time the rest of Europe looked
quietly on and formed no relations of commerce with the States
of Holland, and made no provision for the speedy adjustment of
differences which might arise because Spain refused-to recognize
the independence of such States? -Such was not the case. All
Europe received Ambassadors from them, and all Europe sent
Ambassadors to the Hague. Treaties offensive and defensive

were concluded with by all other powers, with the exception
of the German branch of the House of Austria. With that

single exception, there was no State in Europe which did not
send a Minister of the first consequence as Ambassador to the
Hague. England—not England at war with Spain, but England
at peace sent an Ambassador to the States of Holland. Nor
was this all. In the year 1604, she distinctly ref Used to
relinquish any connection which she might have with the
Hague. Yet at this time the Marquis Spinola, one of the
greatest Commanders in Europe, was in the Netherlands at
the head of a considerable Spanish army, and never failed, in
the manifestoes which he put forth, to call the subjects of those
States " rebels against the. King, his master." He now
came to speak of the revolt of the Portuguese. It was in the
month of December, 1640, that event took place, which plac-
ed the Prince of Braganza on the throne of Portugal: Thir=
teen months afterwards, in January 4642, a treaty of peace and
amity was concluded between England and PortugaL It was
twenty years afterwards before Spain recognised the inde-
pendence of Portugal, but the course pursued by England •
was never the subject of complaint on her part. To come to'
a memorable part of our own history, when Cromwell had es-
tablished a republic, over which he presided as Protector, all
the Powers of Europe sent Ambassadors to England. For"
this no complaints were made when Charles the Second was'
restored to the throne of his ancestors. Why ? Because
the necessity of doing as they had done was admitted. They
sent Ministers to watch over their own interests, andby this
had expressed no opinion against the rights of Charley IL ;
they had .offered no insult to the claims, and committed no'
outrages against the authority of the heir to the Crown. It'
was fitting that they should contrast this conduct with the in--
dignation expressed by our ancestors at the time of the Revolu--
tion on the recognition of the son of James 11. by Louis XIV.
And why was this ? Because that Prince was out of possession.
He was not acknowledged at home, he could do nothing for the
protection of the interests of British subjects, and it was
regarded as an insult to the people of England, that a Prince
should be recognized as their Sovereign by a Foreign Mo-
narch,-whom they themselves, were resolute not to recognise.,
Nothing could be more differing, he should rather say contrast.,,
ed than the two cases ; the distinction seemed to be this. -Art '
usurper in power might be recognised without offence, because
this was necessary for the interests of the subjects of States re
cognising him ; but the most just claim of a Prince out of posses-
sion could not be recognised, because it was not so-called-for by
the interests of other States, without offence to 'those who re-
fused to acknowledge his authority. The conclud Of -France
towards our North American Colonies was different: She had'
not offended England by the Treaty of Peace and Amity which•
she concluded with them, but the same day on which that treaty'
was concluded, a league, offensive and defensive, was signed.
It hid long been the policy of France to encourage the colonists.
This was seen from aposthumous history of M. Bouillf,who had
been Governor of,Martinique in 1768. He there tells that it was
a part of his instructions to watch over the rising discontents of
North America, to encourage and to foment the same so far
as this could be done without giving cause of war. This was
In a time of profound peace. The conduct then of France was
very different from what he would recommend. Franceleagued
with our revolted subjects, so he must call them, meaning no
disrespect ,to the 'English States, who ought to be ever dear to- •
us on the other side of the Atlantic. But looking at what they
were then and 'at the course which France had taken, it must
be manifest to every one that in taking that course and form-.
ing an alliance with them, she had given a most just cause for
war. He would now refer to the documents Which had been
presented relative to the question, and shew the Honk in what
state it rested. He would say nothing ofe.the statute of the
3d of George IV., the provisions of wbi64. recognized rlefacto•
the separation of the Colonies from Spain, and gave thioSe Drivi- •
leges to the, subjects of South America which were Owned to •
those of every other country. Be would 'lint dwell drethis nor
on the notice which had been given that'anisufs *Mid be'esfae-• •
blished for the regulation and protection of our .cdrilitierce.—
Nor would he dwell on the suspension of that purpose which'
followed the lawless and unprincipled invasion -of Spain,
which suspension, he must say,• was' founded on the most le-,
gitimate of all reasons, on a wish pot to distraCt, and em-.
barrass the Government of that country at that -moment of
aggression. So strongly did he feel our' this subject,. that he
had thus refused to present a petition'on'this Subject ; and he •
believed- an Hon. Friend of his had done the'same, as fornci •
purpose under. Heaven would he have done aught that might
give an additional impulse to the injustice then in tribtion:
He would now refer, to those admirable documents' of which
he had before spoken, and remind the House of the state in
r which they left the question of recognition. In a letter, dated •
March 31, 1823, addressed to Sir C. Stuart from Mr. Secret.—
tary Canning, the. Right Hon. Gentleman had thus expressed
himself

" With respect to the Provinces in -Arnepica, which have -
thrown off their allegiance to the Crolkn of Spain', time and the - •
course of events appear to have substantially decided their sew
paration from the Illother Country; although the formal re •
cognition of those Provinces, as Independent States, by his"
Majesty, may be hastened or retarded by various external dr.: •
cumstances, as well as by the more or less satisfactory progress, -
in each State, towards a regular and a settled form of Govern-
ment." •
Here the course of proceeding was contrary to the views of
Spain, as it made the recognition of the South American States
to depend on other circumstances than the rights and preten_
sinus of the parent State. He next came to the conference"
between the Right Hon. Gentleman and Prince Polignac, of
October 9th, 1823. Though every man must have been ac
quainted with these papers, he felt so strongly the oblivion
into which they had fallen, that he considered it necessary tir
repeat part of them to the House. It was,there stated by the.
Right Hon. Gentleman—
" That the British Government were of opinion that any at-
tempt to bring. Spanish America again under its ancient suit,
mission to Spain must be utterly hopeless ; that all negocis-
tions for that purpose would be unsuccessful ; and that the
prolongation or renewal of war for 'the same object would be
only a waste of human life, and an infliction of calamity on
both parties, to no end."
Here England 'again furnished a fine contrast to the course
which France formerly pursued. Acting thus disinterestedly
was, in his opinion, true policy. He rejoiced that in the con-
ference to which he had alluded the Right Hon. Gentleman had
declared the recognition of the States of South America would
not be made to depend upon the decision of any other Power.
—After stating the disposition of England to wait a reasonable
time for the recognition of Spain, it proceeded—
" But that it could not wait indefinitely for the result; that
it could not consent to make its recognition of the New States
dependent on that of Spain ; and that it would consider any
foreign interference, by force or by menace, in the dispute be
Spain and the Colonies, as a motive for recognising the
latter without delay."
He would read no more, and he would only ask if the reports
recently current did not go nearly to
justify that interference
England had declared she would consider necessary
when any Foreign Power used force or menace against South
America. In the documents before them " Great Britain
perhaps here unnecessary to refer, but it pleased him to re
gehtwedoushol
tosaynatothee•
cslhaei mcleadi
ma
efree
ottrhaidneg, nfoott
herself." r
sr
eherselflf.,
,arloo alone,
sbpu
at
rfaogtr allap paragraph,
the
it world.wa s
peat such sentiments overtind over again, for though philoso.
phers had often warmed the hearts of generous men by advo-
a few weeks after the conference, the President
eating such sentiments, it was seldom that they had found their•
way into the dispatches of Statesmen. He observed with plea
td
States in a manly speech, worthy the great Eng-
lish which he belonged, had adopted the sentiments
os t if r
teiniteahtat
nation
United
tut
Withoutnglishr adi i t o
Commonwealthst h e Hoorused, e
lhi
expresse the Right Honourable Gentleman to Prince Po.
twoathem) on different sides of the Atlantic had the same feelinks•
on this subject. Their feelings coincided as nearly as pos-
sible with ours, but the United States had, if possible,' a
nearer and closer interest in the result of the contestjhan we
had. There was one point on which both agreed, that while
the war continued between Spain and her colonies, neither trad
a right to interfere, but if Spain should be put forth as one 'of
the fangs of the Holy Alliance, if that beastof prey, (the Holy
Alliance) should attempt to use Spain as one of its fangs
to extend the arbitrary authority, baneful influence, and de-
greatE
testable principles over America which they had unfortunately
but too well succeeded in spreading over Europe that they
would be resisted in both countries Liberty would resist them•
in America ; Liberty would rise up against them in England.
He admired the State Papers called forth from the present
Ministers on this occasion, but no Government that ever ex.
isted could have acted here in opposition to the principles on
which they were founded. If any vile slave, if any infatuated
bigot were to take office under the influence of a combination
like that of the Holy Alliance, the people of England wotiht
4 exert the power which even yet remained to them, and hudi

hirn from his seat with merited disgrace.—(Ffear, hear, hear !)
—He could say this with More freedom when speaking of a
Government who had acted on principles diametrically appo-
site to those which he felt it to be his duty thus to con-
demn. The House was aware that on the '36th of last De-
cember, it had been proposed to England, on the part of the
King of Spain, by a Gentleman whose name was not familiar
to him, the ount Offiala, that he should accede to a Con-
gress to be held on the Continent of Europe. This was to
enable his Most Catholic Majesty " to accomplish his worthy
object of upholding the principles of loyalty and legitimacy."
That was to extend to South America all those blessings which
his mild sway had bestowed upon Spain. The answer given by
this country on that occasion was what it ought to be, it was
what no man who had English blood in his veins would not re-
joice to-hear. Had it been different there was no man who
would not have felt his blood boil with indignation. The an--
swer was a rejection of the proposition and a declaration that
England would act on her own policy. She would wait a rea-
sonable time, as well in the hope that doing so would serve
America us because it might be well to spare what remained of
dignity (he could not say how decimally small that might be),
to the thing which was called the Go.vernment of Spain. On
this occasion the language used was so admirable that he must
beg particularly to call the attention of the douse to it. It
ran thus—

i• But-irappears manifestto the British Government, that if
so large a portion of the globe should remain much longer with-
out any recognized political existence, or any definite political
connexion with the established Governments of Europe, the
consequences of such a state of things must be at once most
embarrassing to those Governments, and most injurious to the
iriterests• of all European Nations."
There•was one other part which he must press on their attention
by reading it to them, and he wished he had nothing else to do
than to read such compositions •to the House, instead of con-
veyingto them his ideas in his own poor language: The part
,to which he alluded set forth that 'England had no wish to an.
ticipate Spain,',but, on the contrary, desired that the parent
State-should have the grace and the advantage of leading the
way iretherecogriftion. It went on..
1!. But the Court of Madrid must-be aware, that the discretion
of his Majesty in this respect cannot be indefinitely bound up
by that of his Catholic Majesty; and that even before many
months elapse, the desire, now sincerely felt by the British-Go-
vernmentatoleave this.precedency to Spain, may be overborne
by considerations ofa more comprehensive nature ;—considera-
tions regarding not only the essential interests of his Majesty's
subjects, but the relations of the Old World with the New."
This was the state in which the documents which had been pub-
lished left the question. What had since occurred he could not
say. It was
.rumoured that Spain had desired that England
should reconsider her decision as to the propriety of acceding
to a Congress, or Conference, on South American Affairs, in
-which all the other European Powers concurred. He had also
heard, and from what was seen in the documents before them,
he could not doubt the fact, that England had still been Eng..
land, and that in this business she would have nothing to do
with the proceedings of the unholy Holy Alliance. Would
to God, she had always acted such a part—would to God,.
that she kept as clear from their past misdeeds as from ,
- this new conspiracy—and above all, would to God, by her ab-
sence or otherwise, she had more decisively opposed their doings
at Verona, which had led to such lamentable results. It had also
been stated, that so long as Spain should continue a French
province, that was so long as' her country was occupied by
a French Army, any armament fitted out from her ports
against • South America, to use his own figure, he under-
stood them to be resolved not to allow Spain to be used as ;
the fang of the Holy Alliance, to wound the nearly inde-
pendent States, as in that character, though very feeble in her-
self, she was capable of being aimed. with three-fold steel,
and of being forced into the heart of America. The present '
petitioners contended that the recognition of South American
Independence would be no breach of neutrality, and he con-
curred with them, and was confident that no Power in Europe
could be so impudently unjust at to complain of it, much less to
venture on any attack on the policy 'of England, formidable
as she would be in such a cause. He threw out of his 'consi-
deration with disdain all that the Holy or Unholy Alliance
might presume to urge in such a case. Having said so much
in favour of the recognition of South American independence
• now, he thought it right to say, that he did not use that
word in a metaphysical sense. Some contended that thcre was
no present tense. He, when lie said now, meant in a very
short time: To this question liewisbed for an answer, that if
necessary the subject might yet be • fairly and dispassionately
discussed before the end of the Session. He learned that Com-
missioners as well as Consuls, sent out from this Country,were
now in the Capitals of South America. The speech of Colonel
Hamilton to the Viceroy of Columbia was before him. lie
did not know that what he had seen was right, but supposed it
to,be kenerally so, and from that he judged it to be the object
of Government to extend the amicable.. relations now existing
between them and this country. Two conditions had been stated
in..a speech made by the Earl of Liverpool—the one, that the
independence of a country could not be recognised where the
contest.with the parent State continued ; the other, that it was
inconvenient to recognise the independence of a country which
had not gained a stable Government. He considered that he
hid the Gentlemen opposite on one of the horns of a dilemma
Ia this case. Either they,considered the South American Go-
vernments as separate States, or as a confederated body. He
would take the first supposition, and doing so, though his geo-
.. graphy, -or rather his recollection so far failed him, that he
could not state the number of degrees of longitude or latitude
which thewhole of the countries which were Spanish America,
might comprehend, but he thought countries extending from
California nearly to Cape. Horn mighrbe considered to em-
brace a moderate and respectable territory. In this vast
• extent what stand did Old Spain make.. She had a Castle
in Mexico, a little half desert_ island in Chili, and a small
twiny in' Guatemala. • Now such being-the-state of things con-
-sidering them as separate States,' what objection could there
/se to recognize Colombia, where there was once a great
eSpanish army which had completely failed, and been wholly
annihilated or driven away. -Three Republican Assemblies
had held their sittings since the Spaniards were repelled. Were
loot the Columbians by the absence of Bolivar in Peru, .to he
~considered as advanced to that state .in which the United Pro-
vinces of North America were seen when General Washington
-.resigned, namely, in such 'a situation that any man, however
-important, might be spared ? He would ask what objection
could there be to recognise the independence of Buenos Ayres,
where a Spanish.soldier had not been seen for more than ten
,years ; where in fact a Spanish soldier was no more to be seen
.than a Jacobite at the present day was in England. From
what he had read of Chili in Mrs. Graham's description of a
.residence there, which seemed to place the reader in the heart
~of the country she wrote-about, it . seemed to him that country
was in such a state that it must soon be recognized. Looking
-at the States then as eme body, he would ask, when the Spanish
force in them was so inconsiderable, what was there to delay
.the recognition of independence. Surely it was too insignificant
to justify them in pausing on this subject, and if the States
-were not considered as -one body, what was there against
taking the course which he recommended in those countries
.-where there was no Spanish force at all ? In acting on the
second•condition mentioned by Lord Liverpool, and declining to
• recognize the independence of a country which had not gained a
stable'Governmenn•we should proclaim that we had two weights
,and measures for America and 'Europe. While we declined
recognising as independent the South American States, we te-
-cognised- Spain as such, though she was not tranquil, and when
sheewas overrun by a foreign army, which it had been stated
.in that House it was humanity not to withdraw. Why should
a country
.which had known so many vicissitudes as England
refuse to infant! States the common 'courtesies due to foreign
Powers, because their Governments were in that 'situation in
-which it must be expected they would be found. We ought
not, to refuse to send Ambassadors to them, unless it were
proven .that they were in such a state that a Foreign Minister
'could not reside there with safety. But if it were sale they were
•in this situation, then he..would ask why were Consuls sent. If
it were proper to have them there, he thought it would be right
-to have higher Diplomatic Officers there also. The moment
the Court of Madrid. was found unable to afford redress if a
British subject were wronged on the England had a
River Plata,
right to seek it where it could be found, andany delay that might
take place in doing this from regard to Spain, was a courtesy
which she had no right to expect. He believed there were
from sixty to one hundred houses of trade established in Southr
America. Our commerce there had rapidly increased. _o
From
the petition received from. Liverpool, it appeared that its
amount, which was in 1822 3,800,0001. rose in 1823 to 5,600,000/.
being an increase of 1,800,000/. in value, and that too in the
-course of a single year. The exports of cotton to North Ame-
rica had largely increased, but the increase in the exports to
laouth America were still greater. The increase of the former
in one year had been 1,000,000/. This increase in the latter
case amountedto 1,100,0001. He referred to Captain Hall's
hook in terms of warm- praise. This he thought completely
proved the importance of extending our commerce in that
quarter, and of
doing. all in our power to civilize South
America. He described
himself to have met with aMexi-
can mountaineer, who, being asked by a Royalist why he
objected to the had is 8 relied I have not much. to say
.a him, but that he,ooo. miles Off, and if a King IS good
for any thing, we might as well have him here. Asked what
lie thought of a free trade,
he replied—that all he knew of it
was, that it enabled himoteliget that shirt for two dollars, for
which he was farmeryb
Atilt° Pay nine. He then set
forth 'the great advantages
pug commerce
from extending
,our connection with South Ameiimeau.st
commerce would
blessings both on thoseconfer
petition who
to the tau
those who received.
formerly which Spain fori ;considered necessary to the preservation
d South America,: It was. seen in the
Liverpool
eLe'xi7c:hdlsi'oonn

that the loyalist General ,Cantarac was authorised to act on
the old laws of Spain. .He had threatened to confiscate British
property when found where he prevailed, andhad only abstained
from doing so, in one instance from kindness to those who were
ignorant of 'those laws. lie concluded by expressing a hope that
he had abstained from using language that could offend any`one,
admiring tha papers issued by his Majesty's Government, and
declaring he could see no reason for delaying to act on the prin-
ciples 1-‘hich they embodied. Such delay would only serve to
raise up faction against faction, and man aainst man ; it would
prolong scenes of violence, blood, and disorder; and perse-
vered in would make those countries which might yield strength
and advantage, prove the source of inconvenience and mischief
to the civilized world. This ought not to be done, when, as
set forth in the papers to which he had referred, it would be to
no end ; nor ought the present disorders to be prolonged even
to give the King of Spain or Count Ofalia an opportunity of:
accomplishing their" worthy purpose." He would not recom-
mend a breach of neutrality to serve America, he would not
advocate injustice to serve the commence of England ; but
every thing that was not inconsistent with neutrality and justice
he would de to serve British commerce, and restore order in
America, and preserve sixteen millions of men from blessings
of that sort—from that description of cilaw, of order, of liberty,
of justice, and of mercy, which Ferdinand, since his restora-
tion to power' had been employed in shedding over the whole
Peninsula of Spain.—(Hear, hear!)
The following Petition was then brought up itpd read :
" To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom in

Parliament assembled.
tc The Petition of the undersigned Merchants of th City of
London.
" Sheweth—That 7our Petitioners are engagon, in trade with
the countries in America; formerly under the dominion of Spain.
" That the entire extinction of Spanish authority in the
greater part of that Continent, and the encouragement by the
Government at home, induced your Petitioners to embark in
that extensive commerce, with full confidence that it would re.
ceive the most complete protection, and ultimately prove most
beneficial to themselves and the country at large. The mea-
sures adopted by Government most decisively demonstrated the
anxiety to acquire and secure this intercourse.
" In the Session of 1822, an Act of Parliament was passed,
cap. 43, authorising the importation of goods, the growth, pro-
duction, or manufacture of any country or place in America,
being or having been apart of the dominions of the King of''
Spain,' either in British ships, .or in ships, the built'of those
countries. In the following year Consuls were appointed to
proceed to the ports thereof, and subsequently there has been
made public the declaration of his Majesty's Government, that
in its opinion, the recognition of such of the New States, as
have established de facto their separate political existence, can-
not be much longer delayed.'
Your Petitioners further humbly represent, that many
millions of capital have already been embarked in this
trade ; that large commercial establishments have been formed
both in South America and at home.; and that past experience
affords the strongest around for believing that this commercial
intercourse will admit of great extention, the reciprocal de-
mand for the productions of the respective countries being con-
stantly increasing.
'" Your petitioners consequentlyfind themselves greatly em-
barrassed by those countries remaining 'without any recognised
political existence.' Not a week passes bid they are assailed with
rumours of themostalarming kind, involving ,ti ieir proceedings in
doubt, hesitation, and distraction, and grieVously destructive
of that confidence so essential to the success of all commercial
undertakings. Your Honourable House must be well aware
that no commercial intercourse can be permanently carried on
with security and advantage to those concerned, if it is rendered
liable to fluctuation by constant alarms of political changes,
necessarily producing sudden and excessive alterations in the
value of the property embarked.
" That your petitioners are enabled to state, and to pro-ye
unequivocally to your Honourable House, that in the several
States of Colombia, Buenos-Ayres, and Chile, there does not
remain the smallest vestige of Spanish dominion in any shape;
each State enjoying its own separate and independent Govern-
ment from all interference of a hostile force. '

" That the revolution which has produced this alteration in
the political condition of these countries, has now been in pro-
gress fifteen years. In Buenos Ayres -there-has not been. a
Spanish'soldier in hostility for eight years. In Chile.there has
been none for four years ; and in Columbia the third 'annual
Constitutional Congress is now sitting. In none of-these States
does there exist any party, or persons in possession of power or,
authOrity, excepting the constituted Executive Government:
" Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly submit that these
States have established de facto their separate political exist-
ence ; and are, Recording to the practice of nations in former
instances, entitled to he .rec.:gnizetl asindependent Govern-
ments; butalley ivould not have presumed to address your
Honourable House on a question of this nature, if the continued
delay in recognizing this political existence did not produce the
most detrimental conseqnences. to the commercial transactions
in which they are concerned.• • , •
" Your Petitioners, therefore, most humbly pray that your
Honourable House take this question into its serious con-
sideration, and adopt such measures as to its wisdom may seem
tit, for proFnoting• the immediate recognition of the independ-
ence of such of the States of South: America, as hive de fdcto
established the same.

And your Petitioners as in duty bound will ever. pray," &c.
On the question that it do lie on the table.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, unquestionably he wet far
from having any reasons.to complain of the tone of his-Learned
Friend, or of the topics on which he had touched, and if the
observations which he was about to make on his speech, or on
the petition, should, in point of -extent; bear no proportion to
what had fallen from his Learned Friend, he hoped this would
not be supposed to arise fronihis undervaluing thnimportance
of the question, or from disrespect to the Learned Gentleman.
His Learned Friend must be as, well aware as he was, that
though in the last year England had had great commercial in-
terests connected With. South America of the most important and
legitimate kind, there were also interests of another sort of a
more daily fluctuating nature, on which every word that he ut-
tered might produce effects, neither lie nor his Learned Friend
could desire to see produced. He would therefore rather refrain
from saying what he might otherwise offer on the topics which
had now been brought forward, and confine himself as much
as possible to a statement of facts, 'with no other qualification
in the shape of argument but such as might be necessary for
explanation. His Hon- Friend had gone through the papers '
which had been laid before the House, and had given a most
just analysis of the course hitherto pursued by his Majesty's
Government. He had said the first question in point of order was
the line of conduct to be pursued by England between Spain
and her Colonies while they were in a state of war. This he
had admitted was properly decided in favour of a perfect neu-
trality, and such decision, conceding to the South Americans
equal belligerent rights with the parent State, did, pre tanto, in
the same degree elevate them to that rank which they claimed.
lie had also truly stated that our commerce with them in 1822
did lead to another de facto recognition of their separation
from the parent in the recognition of the national flag. He
had then said that the next step taken was preidous to the war
between France and Spain, had been to intimate first pri-
vately to Spain, arid afterwards publicly to the world, that
our recognition of the independence of the new States would
be determined by other circumstances than thee-recognition of
them by Spain, and in part by the• internal state of the colonies
themselves. "Further his Learned Friend had said, after these
steps had been taken and this declaration made, which left
neither to Spain nor to any other Power cause of complaint
against Great Britain, if England had acted on the principles
she avowed, it bad last year been thought right to_suspe_nd
..doing -so even-to the ektebt of sending- commercial agents to
South America till the decision of the contest between France
and Spain'shoulcl be known. :Inimediately after the war termi-
nated, or rather, at the moment of its close, and before any step
could be taken by France, or by any other Power, a warning in
the clearest terms of the course which England would take, in
the-event of- any conference or congress being held on the sub-
ject of South Americanaffairs. The Learned Gentleman had
stated what' that course was. Of the next stage of these
transactions, of the proposition -to this country to assist at such
conference or congress, and of our refusal to ,do so, first to
the other Powers of Bilrope, and lastly to Spain herself, the
House was already apprised ; and lastly, he had described
that stage of the discussions which had been the subject of a
debate in that House. The last time the question came before
them it was stated that the King's Government, though they
reserved to themselves the right of acting as the interests of
England might require withrespect the South American States,
considered it to be right, politic, expedient, just, and generous,
to give Spain the opportunity of taking precedence in recogniz-
ing their Independence, and to abstain from taking any step
whatever till her decision on this question should be-known.—
Spain had decided against the recognition, and no further steps
had been taken as yet. What had passed left this country free to
act on her own views, without any further reference to Spain.—
( Hear
!;—This was all he had to say, and he would go no further
back to say that enlarging on
this subject there was danger, which
it was his duty to avoid, and not to incur; but were he to enter
into any general statement of the views of Government, even
hypothetically, he should incur danger instead of avoiding it.—
Here would he end, but that his Learned Friend had given him
an opportunity, for which he thanked him, of speaking to the
differ. ,mt meaningS attached to the word recognition. It was
perfectly true that that word had various meanings, accord-
ing to the situations in which difnient countries stand to each
other. If the colony should say to the mother-country,-..“ I
assert my independence," and the parent State should there-
upon reply.---" I recognize it that confirmed the indepen-
dence ; but if the Colony should to another Power say—
" I am independent," and -that Power reply;---" I assent to
it:" such recognition might in fact, but would-not .necessarily

confirm the independence claimed. Recognition could not be
forced from the mother country, Fire, and sword, and vio-
knee could not procure it, and thus he thought his Learned
Friend furnished the clearest argument in favour of the course
which his Majesty's Ministers had taken, in withholding
the minor recognition, in the hope that, when given, it might
be accompanied by that of the parent State; recognition by
England or any other power would not carry with it the
force of a recognition by Spain. If then the English Govern-
ment had looked exclusively to the interests of the South
American States themselves, it might have appeared but pru-
dent to delay for the chance of obtaining the most important
recognition of a 11... Whether allhope of gaining this was now
at an end was another question. It was another question whe-
ther now acting on our own views the recognition should take
place. That which was a natter of fact he had stated positively.
On other matters he should be silent. He was afraid the sim-
ple fact of recognition had been misunderstood both here and
on the other side of the Water. Though nothing was more
simple than to ask for recognition, recognition was often
claimed from the expectation that consequences would follow
which belong to it. Great as the boon
recognitionof
fdid not
nrylygchestsabrieto
any new State,' it would be a
fatal concession if it were given in one sense, and taken in
another—if the simple acknowledgment of independence were
to be taken as the. pledge and promise of future co-opera-
tion and alliance. At home, many persons connected with
the commercial interest, expected that recognition by Eng-
land, would have the effect of confirming the existing Go-
vernments of South America more than they could be con-
firmed by the recognition of any single Power. He was,
therefore, most anxious that no misconception should prevail
in this respect, and that 'no exaggerated idea should be taken
up of what would be the consequences of recognition by Eng-
land. The Learned Gentleman had put two cases which lie
had designated a dilemma. He did not see that it was one.--
He had asked, whether they considered South America as one
'peat mass, or as separate States,: and contended that in the
Omer the insignificance of the force opposed to the whole
justified their recognition ; in the latter, that the absence of
all foreign opposition- would justify the recognition of particu-
lar States. Ile had no hesitation' in saying they did not con.'
siderthe whole of the States as one body, seeing it was not
pretended that any one GoVernment had been established to pre-
•side over all. Regarding them as separate States, though he
would not be so scrupulously exact that it must in all cases be
ascertained that a country, before it was recognized as in-,
dependent, should possess a stable Government, and be in a
state of perfect repose, may still be of opinion that some pre-
cautions were necessary. Ministers were not indeed bound to
be correct in the opinion which they formed, but they were at
least bound to form an opinion, and to be careful that as a
neutral, they did not 'mix themselves up .with the questions in
dispute between the Colony and the Parent State. His Learn-
ed Friend was-aware that it was matter of fact information.—
As yet, the Government were not in the possession of all
the information which they desired. Even with respect to that
which the Learned Gentleman had mentioned as having
lately taken place in Colombia, he knew nothing but from the
channels through which it had been communicated to his
Learned Friend. He had seen what he thought must be rather
an exaggerated statement, but he had no authentic record of
the fact. This lie would say; that to all those general prin-
ciples which had been laid down in the diplomatic corres-
pondence, on the part of this country his Majesty's Ministers
firmly adhered. Every thing which they had done promised
proofs that they were proceeding in execution of the plan which
had been laid down, and he thought his Hon. Friend approving
of that plan, that proceeding to force this subject into discus-
sion, would not advance, but perhaps might retard, that pro-
ceeding which he desired to see resolved upon.—[The Right
Honourable Gentleman having taking his seat amid cheers
feom both sides of the House, rose again for an instant to com-
municate a fact, the statement of which he had overlooked,
which yet might probably be gratifying to the House, which
was, that a second application had been made to the Govera-
ment of his Britannic Majesty to become parties in the Con-
gress about to assemble, which application, though pressed
with urgent
.entreatiea, had been again stedfastly refused.]-_
(Cheers.)
Mr. ELLICE spoke in favour of the recognition of-the
State' of South America, as most important to the commercial
interests of England, ,
Mr: BROUGHAM express4d his admiration of the Masterly
speech of his Hon. and Learned. Friend, and his perfect con-
currence in all those-great-principles which he had advocated.
lie also expressed his general satisfaction at the statement
which they had heard frond the Right Hon. Gentleman. With
regard to those imrtiediately connected with the great com-
mercial .interests so deeply involved in• the question, they too
must be satished. Nothing was ,more satisfactory to him than
the fresh assurance' That -this Country' would not become a
party to.any Congress fordebatik upon the affairs of the SOuth
American States, which, in all events,' must have fettered
us in any proceedings ,relative to lithe particular province of
Mexico. But the 'mist satisfaction was to be derived from
that part of the. Right Hon. 'Gentleman's statement where he
said that for the want of authentic and official inforMation
(meaning, as he supposed it must be meant, information from
our own accredited Agents) this Government were not able
formally tudeclare a formal recognition. Yet that when such
r information arrived (for -to that • it amounted), announcing
that any one of those great and free countries had established
for itself a substantial existence-independent of old Spain ; then
forthwith, upon that assurance, an acknowledgment of the
independence of such State should issue from this Government.
--That acknowledgment could not be viewed as any breach of
neutrality, and could not have the effect of involving us with
the mother. country. But by 'no possibility could our eon,
duct be canvased by any other country.—(Hear, hear !)
There was no shadow Of ground upon which France, or Rus-
sia, or Austria, 'or Prussia (God help us!) should presume to
ask why he had taken such a- course.—(Hear, hear !)—lf
such information • should be received of any State having
acquired its substantial and independent existencs, as un-
doubtedly they had, this would be the course expected by
the country. In addition to the other reasons why it
should be adopted, might be stated the constant inconvenience
experienced in the Courts of Justice, and the want of security
for the parties who had contracted loans, while those Govern-
ments remained unacknowledged. He had only further to ex-
press his concurrence in the wish that the period at which these
steps were taken might be made as short as possible.
Upon the bringing up of the petition.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH. said, that as the-House had
been so generous in granting bim so much of their patience
already, he should only further trespass on it for two minutes.
He was happy to find the Hon. Member for the City of Lon-
don, With his knowledge of the feelings and opinions of the great
commercial body whom he represented, approving the humble
effort he had felt it his duty to make; He wished to call the
attention of the House to one fact. In a published speech of
Lord Liverpool's upon the state of the country, it was said,
that of the forty-one millions of annual exports of this country,
seventeen millions were for Europe, and six millions for the
provinces lately under the power of Spain. Thus one-seventh
of the whole of the exports of this country, were exported to
the South American States, even under the disadvantages with
which our merchants at that time had to contend. .In the ex-
ceptions and distinctions taken by his Right Honourable
Friend, he was undoubtedly right as to differences with
the mother country being a hinurance to the recognition of
infant states who had not clearly established their independ-
ence. But this principle did not apply to internal differences.
A foreign country had no right to contemplate such difference_
as being in existence. It was with the community they treated,
and that community was..represented by any form of Govern-
Merit existing for the time. ' He did not mean to assert that the
contracts which had been privately ,made by individuals with
foreign Governments were afterwards to be supported by our
own Government by force. He would not express an opinion
upon the expediency
Of such loans ;he was quite sure he should never embark his capital abroad—he had :enough to do with it
at home. But he apprehended that dealing in mover was as
fair and honourable as any other kind of commerce, 'and as con.
ducive to the increase of wealth and power in the country.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, that he did not blame those
who lent their money for profit, nor deny that they had a per-
fect right to do it. But he must candidly own, that he did
mean to state, that those who had so lent their capital would
not have that degree of interest in the recognition of the States
with whom they had contracted which they seemed to antici-
pate. He meant that there would be no. clause or condition re-
quired in the recognition by which those Governments would
be bound to discharge the debts so incurred.—(Hear, hear
He was glad that his Hon. and Learned Friend had given him
the opportunity of being more explicit upon this point.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH observed, that the United States, in
their act of recognition towards the Independent States of South
America, made a declaration of neutrality towards them and
the mother country.
Mr. EVANS said a few words as to the necessity of having
Consuls at St. Domingo, and put a question to the Right Hon.
Foreign Secretary relative to that subject.
Mr. Secretary CANNING replied, that there were no Con-
suls there.
Sir F. BURDETT said that, as it seemed to him, the Right
Hon. Gentleman had used great ingenuity and many words,
to avoid stating: exactly what was intended by the Government
upon the question of the recognition of these free States. He
very
He thereforethere
could not understand the refinements and shades of recognition
which had been dwelt on with so much labour; to him recogni-
tionsimple word, bearing a very simple and ob-
vious thought must be some fur-
tlr was
meaning. a
motives for the delay than were brought forward: All
that the Right Hon. Gentleman said amounted to this, that Mi-
nisters had not made up their minds as to what measures they
intended to take. But he had heard that the Lord Chancellor

had declared that he would not recognise the independence- of
South America. This let in some light upon the delay. The
animosities and heats which suspended the measure were not
raging in Mexico—they existed nearer home.—(A laugh.)—lt
was in the Cabinet they were formed—as must always be the
case in a Cabinet so formed, divided as it was upon every great
question, whether of foreign or domestic policy. He hoped the
commercial world would not be satisfied with the explanations
that had been given, and that the Learned Gentleman would
bring the question forward in some shape, so as to compel the
Right Honourable Gentleman to shew what were the. grounds
upon which this mysterious policy was pursued. They had at
last arrived at a state when the interests of the country alone
were to be considered ; and therefore it was imperative upon the
Right Hon. Gentleman to shew what were those interests of
England which could be henefitted by any further delay. Under
these circumstances he could not be satisfied with this non-ex-
planation at all, as he conceived it to be,
Mr. HUME said, that when the question was put relative to
St. Domingo, he should have expected from the candour of the
Right Hon. Gentleman not only an answer that there were no
Consuls there, but the reasons why they had not been sent. The
property and persons of English merchants trading to that
Government were left without any protection 'Whatever; and he
had frequently been upon the point of calling the attention of
the House to the case.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
HONDURAS.

Mr, ELLICE 'moved for copies and extracts of the Report
of Captain Maclean, of his Majesty's ship Bustard, relating to
the state of the settlement of Honduras.—Ordered. •
GOVERNOR SIR NV: LUSILEY.

Mr.- ELLICE renewed his notice of motion for to-morrow,
relative to the conduct of the Governor of Bermuda. . •

• SLAVERY. -
Mr. WILBERFORCE rose to present a petition 'from the
County of Carlow, and: to pray for the Abolition of Slavery.
The Hon. Member, in• a tone of voice which rendered a great
part of his .observations inaudible in the gallery, went into a
statement of the situation of the slave population oflhe Colo-
nies, and condemned the course pursued by Government for ob-
taining the object of amelioration. The prejudices on the other
side of the water went on increasing; and lie was. afraid that
Melancholy effect arose in consequence of their misconstruing
the course adopted, by his Right Hon. Friend. Indeed, .he was
ready to admit at once that he believed the .policy which his
Right Hon: Friend was pursuing to be both hopeless and dan-
gerous. The Hon. Member then dwelt upon the condition of
the slaves, and stated that in Demerara the decrease of their
population was two and a half per cent. greater thanin the
other Colonies. .It never could he expected that the. resolu-
tions of Parliament could be carried into effect by leaving their
execution to the owners of slaves. Was it likely that men
opposed to them in feeling, and believing that they possessed
opposite interests, should' co-operate with them upon- the very
point of difference. They abhorred the means recommended.'
by Parliament, and they abominated the end. Their pre-
judices were becoming greater and greater every day, and the
course which the House was pursuing only added to their
violence. At Demerara the authority of the Government was
as much denied as at those places which possessed legislative
assemblies of their own. They first published a resolution
condemning Lord Bathurst's regulations, and then proceeded
to one by which it was declared that all Missionaries should
be sent .away. The great question in fact was, whether they
should leave to those Colonial Assemblies the work of carry-
ing the intentions of Parliament into effect, or whether it should
be done by the Supreme Power of the State. The Hon. Mem-
ber next alluded to some violent proceedings of the House of
Assembly at Barbadoes, upon the presentation of a Petition
temperately worded from the free People of Colotir in that
Colony, praying to be placed upon the same footingas that
impress
upon held in Jamaica. He felt it to he his duty to
upon the. House the danger of the policy died wero,nOw pur-
suing, in working upon the feelings an hopes of the
slaves, and then allowing their masters to withhold from them
in one moment what had been granted or promised the moment
before. He concluded bymoving that the Petition be brought
up and read.
_ _ _

Mr. BERNAL could not object to the presentation of this
or any other petition ' • but he could not avoid rising to express
his surprise that the Hon. Member for Bramber should have
taken such an opportunity for attacking the measures of the
Government, and the conduct of the West India Proprietors in
the manner he had done.----(Hear !)—At this period of the Ses-
sion, after -so many discussions had taken place:, to have come
forward with' such a statement without giving the least notice
to the parties which it affected, he could not but consider
a little hard. If due notice had been given some one might
have been prepared with an explanation or denial of what
he must call the rather affronting charges of the Honour-
able Member. He complained that there w4s of fair-
ness and candour about the Honourable Membe6ll.-an:rber
upon this question, which was neither manly,,nol becoming
the character of a Christian and a British Seritor.—(Hear,
hear !)--He had charged upon the white populatfOil of Jamaica
that they had no desire to ameliorate 'the condition of the
slaves. This, as a man of honour and a Gentleman, he al-
together denied. There might be exceptions, as that was the
common lot of humanity, but he personally knew -that many
proprietors, as well resident as absent, had done every thing
in their power to ameliorate the condition of their ..cld la-
bourers and domestic slaves.—(Hear, hear !)But the-Hon.
Member and his friends wished to have done in a' few months
what every man versed in history would pronounce to be a
miracle if done in a few years. If the Hon. Member wished to
improve the state of the islands, it must noebe by adding these
irritations at the end of the Parliamentary Session ; and if the
Hon. Member thought that by so doing he was acting in a true
Christian spirit, instead of following tip with coolness and steady
perseverance the gradual amelioration of slavery, he differed
from him,very widely. He must say that he thought these con-
tinual speeches, these repetitions of invective—(hear; hear !)
were only calculated to increase and aggravate those dissen-
sion which alone prevented the views of Parliament and the
Government from being carried into effect.—(Cheers.)—If the
Hon. Member truly professed that spirit of Christianity, mode-
ration, and humanity, as he believed he did, he would reflect
and not persevere in a course which could not fail of producing
so much mischief and misery. He could not but seriously caution
his Majesty's Government against attending to the proposals of
the Hon. Member for Bramber, which, if acted upon, would
endanger the very existence of our West Indian Colonies.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said he rose with a desire, rather
than a hope, to dispose of the present question. The Government
had long since apprized the House of their views and intentions
on this important subject ; and he could not but observe, that his
Hon. Friend might very properly have made up his mind, either
to allow his Majesty's Government to go on uninterruptedly in
their course, or formally charge the Government with what
he might conceive to be a failure in their plans, and bring forward
his own. But, of all the unfortunate occasions for introducing the
subject, he thought the present was the most so : at the end of
a Session, and without any formal introduction of it in the usual
Parliamentary course. His Hon. Friend would surely remem-
ber that the system of which he complained had been the growth
of ages, had been long established by the Legislature, and could
not therefore be safely effected by any rapid alteration.—
(near !)—But whether the 'course proposed by Ministers was
right or wrong, it had been approved by Parliament ; and with
regard to its probable success, or want of success, hi-for one
would say that lie threw back from himself that responsibi-
lity which would properly fall upon those who interrupted the
course of which they professed to disapprove, though they did
not propose a better.—(Cheers.)—He did not think it just or par-
liamentary that all the questionable topics alluded ta by ilia lion.
Friend should be brought forward as they had been that night,
not in regular debate, but on accidental opportunity; and still
less was it just that theyshould be touched upon in aggravating
and inflammatory language. If the plan proposed by Ministers
was not proper, or not sufficiently vigorous, it ought to have
been brought to the usual test of parliamentary discussibn; but
he begged that Honourable Members, if they disapproved of the
plan, would net go on irregularly and in language so intempe-
rate. He believed that Government were not even suspected of
shrinking from the question, which was admittedly a most
difficult one, requiring perseverance on one side, and temper
and much allowance on the other. His Hon. Friend appeared
to regret that an experiment had not been tried ; but the point
to which he referred had been considered and argued, and it
was thought by Parliament that sufficient reasons had been
adduced against it. He could assure his Hon. Friend and the
House that no time should be lost in giving effect to the course
proposed by Government, and which required much time to
enable one to judge of its consequences. He repeated that no
time should be lost ; but that he would say, let them not be
pressed in this manner on a subject which necessarily required
time, and involving a system upon which, in the abstract, he
looked with as much honour as his Hon. Friend.—With regard
to the particular facts alluded to by his Hon. Friend, he could
only say that he was entirely ignorant of them ; though they
would of course undergo every necessary inquiry. In conclusion,
he again observed, that if his Hon. Friend thought any other
course than that proposed by Ministers would be better, he (Mr.
C.) implored him to bring it forward fairly, and not take the
House by surprise in the manner he had done that night.—
(Cheers.)
Mr. WILBERT' OIWE and Mr. Secretary CANNING mutually
explained.
Dr. LUSHINGTON admitted that certain facts he had al-
luded to on the late debate respecting Mr. Smith were erro-
neous. With regard to the two persons from Jamaica, who
had petitioned the House, he did not, when he presented the
petition, pledge himself to the facts stated in the petition ; but
it was rather singular that the informant of the Hon. Member
for Rochester had not stated the fact now mentioned on the
trial of these people. He should next session move for an in-
quiry into their case, and he trusted that his .'Majesty's Govern,

meat would then be prepared with evidence to justify the send,
ing away these persons as aliens after the question had been
negatived in a Court of Law.
HUSKISSON was glad the Hon. and Learned Member
had.corrected his statements respecting the facts mentioned by
him on the late debate. His lion. Friend (the Member for
Woodstock), whose plantation had been alluded to, had done
all in his power to give effect to the orders sent out by the
Executive Government. .
Mr. W. SMITH denied that his lion. Friend (the Member
for Bramber) had proceeded on the subject with undue rapt-
dity. He (Mr. S.) had no doubt that the situation of the Ne-
groes of Jamaica had been, considerably ameliorated, though
not so much as it might have been. lie did not wish by any
means to hurry on the Government.
Mr. BUXTON also denied that the abolition had been
pressed with rapidity. He believed, 'and had always said,
that the present race of negroes must live and die as slaves,
but be believed that it was in the power of Government to re-
lieve their descendants. Those who advocated the cause of
the abolition were not answerable for the consequence of agi-
tating the question. In Demerara, for instance, it was the
Governor alone that ought be blamed for not having acted
upon the instructions sent him by the Government at home.
He now wished to ask what course Government proposed to
take respecting the, free people of colour ; next, what was the
extent to which the late Order
.in Council was to be carried ;
and, lastly, whether any measures were about to. be taken. by
Government to punish. those who committed the recent outrage.
at Bridgetown.
Mr. W..IIORTON, in answer, read the copy of a letter sent;
by the Colonial Office to the Governor of Barbadoes, express- .
ing the high displeasure of his Majesty at the outrage com-
mitted at Bridgetown, and commanding that the 'most diligent
exertions should be put forth to bring:the offender to justice.--.'
(Hear, hear !)—With regard to the question of the Honourable
Member as to the people of colour, he begged to say,that a
legal Commission had gone out to Trinidad with: directions to
Inquire into, and report the
:condition of the people of colour
there, to enable his. Majesty's Government to. ascertain the
necessary facts before they proceeded to any, specitic,measure...
on the subject. As to the Order in Council he-.had to phserve,,
What he believed had already been mentioned in :tile House,
that it was intended to extend to all the Colonies not possessed
of a Legislative Assembly.. He could not but beg to caution
the Hon. Member. for Weymouth ageinst the use of intemperate..,
language on this important subject, as the.proposed regulatiolis
had been delayed as to Demerara. in consequence of what 110 -,
tacen place .in that Colony. ; •
Mr. MANNING, from under the Gallery, spoke a few wortti-,
almost inaudible, respecting the improvement which had taken
place among the Negroes in consequence of the late Order itt
Council.

Mr. BROUGHAM did not see that any blame was fairly
attributable to his Honourable Friend, the Member for Bremner.
on account of his introducing this subject to the notice of the
House at the present advanced period of the Session. The
subject in former times was accustomed to be discussed very
frequently every Session, but this Session it had been noticed
but twice—he said but twice, beceuse the discussion on Mr.
Smith's case had nothing to do with the general question. He
had himself endeavoured, on that occasion, to confine the atten-
tion of the House to that particular case ; and he believed it had. -
been so offered to the House that any Hon. Member who took
his (Mr. B.'s) view of that case, might have voted for his motion,
though hemight differ from him in the general queition. This
was exactly the case with several Hon. Members connected with
the West Indies, who, much to their honour, had voted for the
motion. His Hon. Friend had therefore taken the only oppor-
tunity which was offered him this session, of stating his semi-',
ments on the subject, because a considerable number of the facts
to which he alluded had only recently come within his know-
ledge. The subject had been brought forward not by his Hon.
Friend, or any other Member on that side of the House, but
by the Hon. Secretary opposite. He (Mr. B.), for one, con-
sidered that it would have been a great misfortune had the, op,
portunity been lost for asking those questions of the Hen. Secre-
tary to which such satisfactory answers had been given. As to
the gross outrage committed at Bridgetown, it had been commit-
ted, by 1,000 per.ons, consisting not .of the white rabble,' but of
tkose who called themselves the most respectable persons
in the colony, who not only did not seek shelter, but who
actually invited notoriety and observation ; and it was a little '
singular that the police of Barbadoes had not been able to,
bring one of them to justice.,. He trusted that between this
and the next Session, Ministers would be enabled to inform the
House either that some of the offenders had been brought to
justice, or that means were taking to accomplish this desirable
object. Much had been said about the danger which attended
the language in that House; but he dreaded what was taking
place in the Colonial Assemblies much more than he did what
was taking place in that House. No revolt had before been
ascribed to the discussions in that House, since they first cote,..
inenced, notwithstanding the extensive circulation of their pro.
ceedings, and the many inducements which had existed to mis-
represent them. The Colonial proceedings ought to be met by
Government with temper, but not less with a firmness which
ought to be shewn in their correspondence and all their pro-
ceedings. Even now he understood that delay in effecting the
plans of Government would be occasioned by the proceedings
at Demerara.

Mr. Secretary CANNING said he had observed that the
delay had taken place.
Mr. BROUGHAM said he was glad to find he had misun-
derstood the Hon. Secretary. The Hon. Member for Rochester
(Mr. Bernal), who had spoken on this as be did on every sub-
ject with much ability, had spoken of the alleged inconsistency
of his Hon. Friend, the Member for trarnber, by saying that
when he first advocated the abolition of the trade in slaves,
he had distinctly disclaimed any idea of seeking the emanci-
pation of slaves, though he now called for that emancipation.
The fact was, that his Hon. Friend had always held out that
he had the gradual emancipation in distant view, though he
carefully, in the first instance, drew the distinction between
that and the abolition in the trade. He (Mr. B.) had with
his own ears heard Mr: Pitt declare that the gradual emanci-
pation was the ultimate object, and he had no doubt that when
the slaves were instructed in religion, and when the necessary
regulations took place respecting the sexes, that this desirable
object would be accomplished. Then, and not till then; did
he think the emancipation would be safe. Until then' he.
trusted the even course would be taken by both parties, and
that one side would not be holding the present system too
light, and that the other would not rashly and prematurely raise,
hopes which, so raised, would be most cruelly disappointed.
Mr. BUTTERWORTH defended the Methodists and other
Sectarians from the charges which had been brought against
them, of exciting such of the people of this country as be-
longed to their flocks, to petition improperly for the abolition.
The Hon. Gentleman very warmly eulogised the Missionaries,
and their discreet, patient, forbearing, and disinterested conduct,
some of whom he said had been most cruelly tarred and feathered.
Mr. W. HORTON explained.
Sir G. ROSE spoke' of the good effect occasioned by the la-
hours of the Missionaries.

Mr. BARING said, no person could read the evidence re-
specting the conduct of the Missionaries in Demerara without
seeing that the instruction given the negroes was not suited to
their condition. As long as the Societies at home mixed, up
their prejudices with the instruction sent out to Missionaries,
so long would the system of 'education in the Colonies be un-
popular with tile Planters. The negros was always looking in
the newspapers for statements in their favour, and the Society
at home took care that no ship should go out without all the
pipers likely to give the black population the inferpation they
desired. His opinion was, that "the state of irritation kept up
Would be the destruction of the Colonies, unless the House
should interfere, with a vie* to propose some remedy for
the evil.
Mr. HUTCHINSON deprecated the treatment of slaves in
the West Indies ; Parliament could not sit silent while barba-
rities were practised on the unfortunate I3lacks. lie defended
the conduct of Missionary Smith, and protested against the
statement made by the Hon. Gentleman who had just sat down.
Sir F. BLAKE thought his Majesty's Government ought to
compel the Colonial Legislatures to do justice.
Mr. EVANS said the Hon. Member for Taunton had attri-
buted the insurrection among the slaves to the instruction's sent
out by the Society. The fact Was, one Society was not in ex-
istence when Mr. Smith went out nine years ago.
Sir C. FORBES said, his opinion was, that the Missionaries
would overturn not only the West, but the East India Colonies.
The petition was then read.
heard 113
Memberll rr
al3Nc,hf loani
cr
harge
suoßenxrt Poe Orinai
Taunton.
nu
-esltt
as that
was
in s
said,brought.
forwardh
asdad
a dhebel
deliberate
eahrdea t never
e Hon.v e
in-
tention to produce revolt and insurrection among the slaves.—
That was a charge he should have been slow to make, and he
could-only say it was not his intention to do any act so wicked
and flagrant. It was said papers had been sent out to excite
the slaves to hatred of the Planters. He knew of no such pro-
ceedings. He had never established any correspondence with
slaves or any other person in the West Indies. His hope was
the Hon. Member would not leave the statement where it was,
but endeavour to ascertain the accuracy of his statement.
Mr. BARING, in explanation, said he did not impute any
thing disrespectful to tile Hon. Member for Bramber. He
would however say that the Hon. Gentleman was not aware of
the violence to which certain opinions must tend. His opinion
was, that the society for the suppression. of the Slave Trade were
so heated, that they pursued the Planters with hostility, in the
expectation that their object might be accomplished by violence
and commotion.

Mr. BROUGHAM explained.—The Petition was then or.
dered to be printed.
THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH IN IRELAND.
Mr. D. BROWN having waited seven hours to bring on his
motion, was disposed at that ,late hour, not to press it on tho

•
Rouse, but postpone it to next Session. The Hon. Member
therefore gave notice of his intention to bring it forward early
next Session, and proposed to enter the Address he should move
upon the Journals.
Mr. Si RICE thought his Hon. Friend would defeat his own
object by putting the. Address he intended to move on the
Journals; it would throw difficulties in the way not to be re-
moved.

Mr. Secretary CANNING submitted to the Hon. Gentleman
whether it would not be more consistent with his object to give
notice, and bring it on next Session, without putting the nature
of his motion on the Journals.

Air. D. BROWN said he should either bring on the subject
that night, or put the Address he intended to move upon the
Journals. He proceeded upon an understanding with the Hon.
1110mber for Londonderry.

Sir G. HILL intimated that he had stated to the Hon. Mem-
ber that it would best promote his object to give notice of the
motion and bring it on next session.
Mr. a BROWN then moved (in substance) that an Address
be, presented to his Majesty expressing regret that the reforma-
tion had made but small progress in Ireland. Many Roman
Catholics still remained firm in their doctrines. They therefore
prayed his Majesty would be pleased to make provision for the
establishment of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland, sub-
ject to regulations consistent with the-rights and dignity of the
Crown, and'the rights of the Established Church.
Colonel TRENCH said, he could never consent to have the
Address proposed by the Honourable Member put on •the
Journals of the House. It was the expression of an inten-
tion to 'take away the rights of the 'Church and the property of
the:Statt.

Mr. V. FITZGERALD opposed the motion.
'Mr. 'PEEL. could not agree to such an Address, and there-
fore moved the previous question.
M. BRIGHT implored his Hon. Friend not to put it on the
Journals.

-14iiiHtIME could not support the motion without hearing a
statement of the Honourable.Gentleman's plan.
'Mr. D. BROWN finding the -Sense of the House against him'
withdrew his motion, but thesame time pledged himself to
bring it forward next Session.
Motion withdrawn. - -

IVir. Secretary CANNING rose, on the Order of the Day
for" the second reading of the East India Possessions Bill, and
was desirous of knowing whether an Hon. Member would-
mike his objection to the Bill in that stage, or when the House
went into Committee, on it that day.
Mr. HUME consented to make his objection in the Cora
mittee;

The Bill was then read the second time, and committed for
this day.

IRISH INSURRECTION BILL.

The Rouse went into a Committee on the Irish Insurrection
Mr.'GovLBuRNRN added several new clauses. Mr. S. Rica
alto propohed clauses.
The clauses were severally read and agreed to; and the
House having resumed, the Report was ordered to be received
tomorrow (this day).
On the third reading of the Irish Magistrates' Indemnity Bill,
the House divided the motion of Mr. GRATTAN, who opposed
the Bill.
For the Bill . . - 39

Against it - .
__ Majority

-
- - -37.

The Dill was then read a third time and passed.
The Dublin Police Bill was read a third time and passed.
, The Entailed Estates Bill was read a 'third time and passed.
The Report of the Ecclesiastical Benefices Bill' was received,
and the Bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow (this day).
The_other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
House Adjourned at Two o'CLocK.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, Juno 15r

Carlton House, June 9, 1824.
This day his Excellency Monsieur de Falck, Ambassador
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from the King of the Ne-
therlands, had a .private audience of his Majesty to deliver his
credentials ; and the Count de Villa Real, Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of Portugal
211 W the Brazils, had a-private audience, of his Majesty to de-
liver a letter from his Sovereign • to which they were introduc-
ed by the Right Hon. George Canning; his Majesty's Principal
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir
Robert Chester, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies.

TVhiteliall, June 14; 1824.

The King has been pleased to grant to the Hon. and Rev.
Jame.-soften-Cocks, Masterof Arts, the place and -dignity of
a Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, void by the
promotion of Doctor Robert James Carr to the See of Chi-
chester.
The King has also been pleased to grant to the Rev. Edward
Pane, Master of Arts, the place and dignity of a Prebendary
of the Cathedral Church of Salisbury, void by the promotion of
Dr. Robert James Carr to the See of Chichester.

Foreign-Office, June 15, 1824.
The Kin has been pleased to appoint Arthur Marcus Cecil
Rill, Esq. (commonly called Lord 31arcus Hill) to be Secre-
tary to his Majesty's Legation to the Court of Saxony.
The King has also been pleased to appoint Charles Towns..
bend Barnard, Esq. to be Secretary to his Majesty's Legation
to the Court of Saxony.

BANKRUPTS.
J. N. Hifrernan, Alphington, Devonshire, starch-manufac-
turer, to surrender July 7,8, and 27, at eleven, at the Globe
Tavern, Exeter. Attornies, Messrs. Drake and Michael, lied
Lion-square, London ; and Mr. J. Terrell, Exeter.
G. P. Tode, Regent-street, Westminster, watch-maker, June
2,.29, at twelve, and July 27, at ten, at the Court of Commis-
sioners. Attorney, 11r. J. Mayhew,. Chancery-lane.
T. Drew, Exeter, linen-draper, June 19, at eleven, 26, and
July 27, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners, London.
Attornies, Messrs. Sweet, Stokes; and Carr, Basinghall-street,
London.

A. Mackenzie, Lime-street, merchant, June 19, 26, and
July 27, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners. Attornies,
Messrs. Lane and Amulet, Lawrence Pountney-place.
S. Prestwidge, Drury-lane, grocer, June 19, 26, July 27,
at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr Hind-
Marsh, Crescent, Jewin-street, Cripplegate, London.
J. Sherwin and J. ,Drane, Gould-square, Crutched-friars,
comb-makers, June 26, July 3, and 27, at twelve, at the Court
of Commissioners. Attornies, Messrs. Kirkman and Ruther-
ford', of Cannon.street.
DIVIDENDS.

July 8, W. King, Fareham, Southampton, coach-builder—
July 8, F. Simpson, Huddersfield, woolstapler—July 8,
J. Knight, Halifax, Yorkshire, merchant—July 6, C.
Coupland, the younger, Leeds, R. Coupland, Hunslet,
Leeds, F. Coupland, Hunslet, and E. Coupland, Salford, Lan-
cashire, spirit merchants and cotton-spinners—July 6. W. H.
M'Queen and S. Hamilton, Newman-street, Oxford-street,
statiouers—July 8. R. Cross, Harley-Tower, Shropshire, malt.
stev......July 10. R. Herbert and W. Buckmaster, St. Mary Axe,
wine-merchants—June 19. 1). Glover, Gutter-lane, merchant—.
July 6. H. Grace, Fenchurch-street, hat-manufacturer—July
• W. Drummond, Kingston-upon-Hull, draper—July 8. R.
13. Wake, Morton, Lincolnshire, timber-merchant—July 9. J.
Willson, Ely,Cam bridge, miller—July 9. A. Brown, Plymouth,
Devon, ship-builder—July 7, J. Barnby, New Mahon, York-
,shire, dealer.
CERTIFICATES—JULY 6.
J. Muriel, Peckham-house, Peckham, Surrey, commission-
gent--E. Hawkins, Hereford, dealer—T. Brown, Chelmarsh,
Shropshire, farmer—C. T. Lewis, Ebley, Gloucester, grocer—
J. T. Betts, Temple-place, Blackfriars-road, rectifying dis-
tiller—J. E. H. Diggles, Stone, Stafford, iron-founder.
PARTIE SHIPS DISSOLVED.
R. Paten and T. Prance, Bridge-wharf, Paddington, timber-
merchants—S. Streake, Brook-stxeet, Holborn, egg-merchant,
and G. Ford, Field-lane, boot and shoe dealer—T. Gates and
J. S. Parrey, London—.7:Tristarn, Hereford, and J. Knight,
Cheltenham, builders—C. Church and J. Taylor, Glou-
cester, sacking-manufacturers—J. Beatson and T. Wilcock,
Cinderhill, Yorkshire, wood-merchants—S. Lowe, of Overton,
and T. Lowe, of Ellesmere, mercers--J. Chapman, and G.
Turner, Bradford, Yorkshire, woolstaplers—W, Ward and E.
Broadley, Liverpool, hatters—J. Heginbottom and S. Hegin-
bottom, Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, cotton-spinners—E.
Briggs, jun. and E. Briggs, Leadenhall.street, drapers.

INSOLVENT D EBTO RS' CO U RT.—John Packwood,
lately a horse-dealer at Pershire, was.opposed in
person this day.. It appeared his insolvency was
occasioned by him (insolvent) putting his name
to various bills of accommodation, without any
probable means of paying them when due, and
on presenting them for payment they were inva-
riably dishonoured. One of the bills, for 36/.165.
Was taken by a working silversmith on the re-
spectability of the insolvent.—The CHIEF COM-
MISSIONER, after a few remarks, said that this'
case came within the operation of the penal
clause of the Act, and adjudged the insolvent to
six mouths' imprisonment within the walls.

CITY, lIALF-PAST ORE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened at 95, but fell to 94i. They
are now, however, 954. Mexican Scrip was at
4 discount, but has somewhat recovered, and
is now at s premium. Very little business, how-
ever, has been done in any description of Public
Securities this morning.

Last night, Mr. Secretary CANNING, as we
anticipated, declined pledging the Government
of this country to the recognition of any of the
South American States. ' Our Readers now see
that THE SuN alone has been for a considerable

time in possession of accurate information on this
most important subject ; and we have the satis-
faction to know that our timely warnings and
disclosures, though they obtained for ourselves
much temporary obloquy, in consequence of their
being counter to the popular feeling, have never-
theless saved many families from the ruin in
which a blind confidence in the stability of the

present order of things in South America must
have involved them. Mr. CANNING also stated
last night that this country had again refined. to
attend 4C the Congress which is now about to as-
semble." This Congress, it is. to be feared, will
manifest a very hostile disposition towards South
A merica,though we have many reasons for believing
that it will adopt measures for the pacification of
Greece. In Tu. SUN. of the Bth instant our va-
luable private intelligence enabled us to state as
follows :—" There is now every reason to dread
that one of those ominous Congresses, so fatal to
the confidende by which alone the peaceful pur-
suits of nations can be prosperously conducted,
will speedily be held." The great length and
interest of the Parliamentary Debate, of which
we have given a copious report, prevents us from
pursuing this subject further. •

DOVER, JUNE 15.—Arrived from Calais the
Sovereign steam packet, Capt. HATwAnn, with
his Excellency the Prince PoLIGNAc and his
bride.—We regret rnuchlo state that her Excel-
lency the Countess LIMN has been taken se-
riously ill since her arrival here. Her departure
for the Continent with her son, the Count PAUL,
is consequently deferred, and it is said to be her
Excellency's intention to return by easy stages
to London.

We have received the French Papers to the
14th instant.—The following are extracts

( From the Monitcur of Sunday, June 13.)
NOTHING OFFICIAL.

CAYLNNE (FRENCH GUYANA), APRIL M.—
(Extract from a Private Letter.)—The schooner
La Jonquille, commanded by M. Chieusse, has
just arrived here; it sailed from Maim on the 7th,
of April, so that three days have sufficed for the
voyage. Hitherto, it has always been asserted
that a mouth at least was necessary to return
from Mana to Cayenne. The schooner L'Arte-
sienne, Captain Laine, is just now setting sail, to
convoy to that infant settlement. Colonel Elliott,
who is commissioned to direct the details, under
the superior direction of the Governor of French
Guyana.

You have been informed of the terrible revolt'.
tion which- lately broke out at Para. You know
that the European population was flying in all,
directions from the persecution of the native
tribes, and that they wer9 crowded on.board
ships
,and the frailest vessels, to withdraw frOm
the fertile but ensanguined shore of the country
where they were born. But what you cannot yet
have learned is, that Cayenne has served as a re-
fuge for a great number of those families who
have been rescued from death ; and that the, ca-
pital of our colony at this, moment, presents al-
most the appearance 13,f "tt Pertngueses.settlemer4,
Our conduct at Para,tn this conjuncturei.has ex-
cited a strong feeling of friendship in the minds
of our neighbours ; they owe their safety to our
Governor, Baron Milius, who caused the- most
prompt and effectual succour to be conveyed to
them ; for scarcely was he informed of the de-
plorable events which I have just mentioned,
when lie -sent to Para the Artisienne, Ca pt. Laine.
I must add, that the arrival, the stay, and the
departure of this vessel, drew tears of gratitude
from those who took refuge under the flag of the
de lys, which is always at band when any
good is to be done, and which hastens to afford
the unfortunate its assistance and suPport:
[The remainder of the
Paper is occupied with
the Debates of the Chambers.]

A Mail from Lisbon has arrived, with Papers
to the 30th ult. We subjoin the only articles
which they contain relative to the affairs of Por-
tugal. The farce of an expedition to Brazil
seems to be still kept
Ltsuoir, MAY 25.—Most Illustrious and Excellent Sir—
The King, our Sovereign, considering the ill state of health
of Senior Jose Antonio de Oliveira Leite de Barros, Minister
and Secretary of State for the Affairs of the Kingdom, has been
pleased to order, that, from this day, the Portefeuille of thatde-
partment shall be confided to your Excellency till his Majesty
shall take a new resolution on the subject, which I communi.
Cate to your Excellency by his Majesty's commands.—God
preserve your Excellency.

Conde de SUD-SERRA.
Palace of Bemposta, May 24, 1824.
The Most Illustrious and.. Most Excellent
Marquis de Pahnella.

WAR-OFFIcE, MAY 24.—The Committee for the Affairs
of the Colonies having to proceed without intermission in the
labours with which it is charged by its invitation, informs all
Officers who are in circumstances to appear before the Com-
mittee, that they are to present themselves before the 15th of
June next.

The Court went into mourning on the 28th, for the late
Duchess of Lucca, Maria Louisa—the mourning to continue
four months. The Courts ofJustice to be closed for three days.

German Papers to the 10th instant have ar-
rived. They contain a Decree of the Council of
State of the Canton of Tessino, directing a new
inquiry respecting all foreigners at present in
that Canton, in order that such as have not re-
ceived express permission from the Council of
State may be immediately enjoined to depart, or,
if necessary, be conveyed over the frontiers. The
third article specifies the description of foreigners
affected by this Decree. They are chiefly per-
sons implicated in political offences.

t an early hour this
WINDSOR, JUNE 15.—A
morning the Duke of WELLINGTON, the Russian
Ambassador, the Earl and Countess of WAR..
WICK, the Earl and Countess SCARBOROUGH,
Lord GRATES, Lord and Lady C.'
--:WYDYR and
Mr. DELME arrived at the Castle, on a visit to
the KING. The Duke of DORSET arrived at the
castle yesterday afternoon, on a visit to his MA-
JESTY. Soon after twelve o'clock the KING, ac-
companied by the above-mentioned visitors, left
the Castle in four carriages for the Ascot Race
Course. The Duke of YORK had a large party
to dinner yesterday at Frogmore. A grand, ball
will be given at the Town Hall to-night. The
town is thronged with visitors' from London and
other places. , i

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
Emily Marchioness of Londonderry, from her Seat, North
Cray, Kent; Captain Callender, at the British Hotel, Jermyn-
street, Scotland ; Hon. Spencer Wynn, at ditto, from Oxford ;
Colonel and Mrs. Everard, at Blake's Hotel, Jermyn-street,
from Norfolk.

DEPARTURES.—Lady Sophia Heathcote, for Ham House,
the noble mansion of the Countess of Dysart ; Lord Lynedoch,
from Warren's Hotel, Regent-street, for Paris ; Sir George
Staunton, Bart. M.P., for Leigh Park, Hants; Sir Robt. and
Lady Wigram, from Connaught-place, for their seat,. Belmont,
in Worcestershire Lord Gort, froM Nerot's Hotel; J. Ark-
wright, Esq. and Mrs. Arkwright, from ditto.

PRINCE LEOPOLD'S SECOND PARTY.
His Royal Highness's Party on Monday evening was very
numerously attended, and the same state was observed as on the
former occrision:---:The Ladies dresses were particularly splendid.
The display of ornaments and jewels shone with particular splen-
dour; Elie Duchess of Richmond and Mrs. Watson Taylor were
pre-eminently magnificent, each of them displaying large tiaras
and bandeaus of diamonds which went completely round their
heads its a large chain of diamonds. The company were grati-
fied with a concert, under the direction of Signor Rossini., of
vocal and instrumental music.—Soon after eleven o'clock, the
Refreshment Rooms were thrown opens when a most splendid
banquet was exhibited:

The following NobIemen,OTHERPARTI
Ladies and Gentlemen, gave
Grand Dinners, during the.last three days, viz.:— -
YxsitntiaY.—The Earl of Abingdon, Countess- of Stam-
ford, Earl- and Countess of Mansfield, and Mr.-Bridgeman
Simpson.
Ox Mompay.--The Archbishop of. Canterbury, Countess
Dowager Beauchamp, Earl of Belmore, Sir Thomas Farquhar,
Earl of Cork, Earl of Westmorland, Lord Dufferin, Lord
Loraine; Mr. Vyner, 'Mr. West, and the Archbishop of York.
On Sunday--Mr. Ponsonby, Earl of Listowell, Lord Saye
and Sele, Sir Mathew White Ridley, Earl of Manvers, Right
Hon.= Robert Peel, Mr. George Philips, Mr. Beiley Thompson,
Sir John Rarnsden, Hon. Colonel Howard.

HAYMARKET TIIEATRE.--The facetious Co-
medy of A Cure for the Heart-Ache was repre-
sented last night at this Theatre. LISTON'S Old
Rapid was an admirable treat, and Vizingcr's
Young Rapid lively and spirited. WEST, WllO
merits a situation on the Winter Boards, was na-
tural.and effective in Frank Oatlands. The part
of Miss Vortex found an admirable representative
in Mrs. GIBBS. The Comedy was indeed gene-
rally well supported.

The new Farce, announced as forthcoming at
the .Haymarket Theatre, under the title of
4 Year in an: flour, or the Cock of the Walk, is,
we find, written by the Author of Simpson and
CO., one of the bot:Farces of the day.

BatsTor.rn.--This Artist- was relebratPd in
his day for his admirable skill in carving wood,
and no coMpetitor- has yet appeared who has ap-
proached his excellence in this species of art.—
His works are very seldom seen in this country,
as they are highly valued and carefully preserved
.•
abroad. Last week, however, fool. small Fury=
ings, by this Artist, were sold by Mr. STANLEY,
at his roora in -Maddox-streetk The subjects
were four of the miracles of our Saviour. 'The
workmanship was excellent. A variety of cha-
racters were-introduced, and all were exquisitely
finished. 'They- were sold for 436 guineas, the
highest price,perhaps,that similar productions ever
reached. At the same sale, a picture was sold
'b VOLTAIRE,
represen_mgD'ALEMßEßT, MON TES..
QUIEU, DIDEROT, BUFFON, and all the great Phi-
losophers of 'his day, seated round a table, lis-
tening to VOLTAIRE, whose hand was raised, and
who appeared to be speaking with great anima-
tion. .The back-ground, and some subordinate
parts of the picture, were impaired, but the whole
of the group was-not injured. This curious and
interesting picture was sold for no more than '
15
guineas, but. in France, most probably, would
have reached a much higher price. • • .

Yesterday afternoon, at half-past one o'clock,
a Cabinet Council was held at the Foreign Office,
Downing-street, which was attended by—the
LORD CHANCELLOR, the Earls of Harrowby,
Liverpool, Westmorland, and Bathurst ; the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary
Peel, Mr. Secretary Canning, Mr. Huskisson,
Viscount Sidmouth, &c. The Cabinet broke up
about half-past three o'clock.
W. HAMILTON, Esq, his Majesty's Vice-Con-
sul at Boulogne, arrived at the Foreign Office
yesterday, with dispatches from the British Am-
bassador at Paris.

The Duchess of CLAnENcE visited the Duchess
of KENT yesterday, at her apartmetits 'at the
King's Palace, Kensington.
Mrs. BALL HUGHES continues progressively to
mend.

Lady BYRON, we are informed, has, much
to her credit, given -up her jointure of 2,0001. per
annum to the present Lord BYRON.-(Newcastle
Chronicle.)
A letter from Captain Guion, of his Majesty's
ship Tribune, to the Agent at Lloyd's at Trieste,
states that little apprehension wasentertained for
the safety of vessels proceeding to the Adriatic
without convoy, but protection was given to ves-
sels from Corfu to Ma:ta, and through the Straits
of Gibraltar. The Commander-in-Chief con-
tinued to keep up a strict blockade of Algiers ;
and it was considered that the whole of the
Algerine cruizers were within the harbour dis.
mantled.

Letters from France say, that the severest mea-
sures are resorted to by the Government to punish usurers ;
amongst others, the Major of St. Andre de Bueges had
been condemned by the Civil Court at Montpellier to pay a
fine of 20,000 francs for malpractices in regard to the Laws of
Usury.
Commercial Letters from Warsaw, dated 25th
May, state that in several districts of Poland fears are enter-
tained that there will be ,a considerable failure in wheats this
next harvest. The sharp cutting winds which prevailed in the
latter days of April, as well as for sometime afterwards, accom-
panied by continued drought, have materially injured the tender
plant. The same cold Congenial weather has also proved very
destructive_to the fruit trees, which were overladen with the
most promising blossoms Tke cherry and plum trees in pax.
ticular have suffered.

Institution in
Sir M. W.—RIDLEY, Bart., and CUTHBERT
ELLISON, Esq., the two Members for Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
that town, at the same time expressing their willingness to be-
have each given Ten Guineas to the Mechanics'
come Patrons of so praiseworthy. Association. Mr. EMER-
SON CIJARNLEY, bookseller, Newcastle, has made a munifi-
cent present
.of books to the same society, worth upwards of
fifty guineas.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

ASCOT HEATH. RACES,--1824.

FIRST DAY, TUESDAY, JUNE 15.
His MAJESTY arrived on the Course in a chariot drawn.by
four beautiful bay horses precisely at ten minutes past one, ac-,
companied •by the Duke of Wellington, Marquis Chohnonde-
ley, Lord F. Conyngham, and Sir 'W. Keppel, and was followed
by another carriage, containing the Duchess of Richmond, the
Marchioness and two Ladies Conyngham, and a th!rd with the
Lords in Waiting.' .His Majesty, who looked -extremely well,
was cheered repeatedly, and appeared,much to enjoy the sports.
—Amongst the many distinguished persons present, we noticed
his Royal Highness the Duke of York, who spent the greater
part of the day with his Majesty in the Royal; Stand, and ap-
' peared in good health. His . Majesty „remained on the course,
till the termination of the day's amusements, when lie retired
amidst the acclamations of the spectators. -Lord-Mary-borough
officiated for the first time as successor to the late Marquis'
Cornwallis as steward; and so successfully .as to receive fre-
quent marks of Royal approbation, the course being ad:.
mirably cleared and regulated throughout the day, The
weather was gloomy, notwithstanding which there was a good
show of beauty and fashion. The sports of the day (of which
we subjoin an accurate and full description), we are happy to.
add, were not marred by accidents.
His Majesty's Plate of 100 gs, for Horses of all ages; four yra
old, 10st. 71b.; five, list. 71b. ; six, Ilst. 121 b. ; and aged,
12st.—Four miles.
Mr. Wyndham's Centaur, 6 yrs old - I
Ld Warwick's Cardinal Puff, 4 yrs old .- - .

Win ea sy.
The Oatlands Stakes of 30 sov..each, 20 soy. ft., for Horses of
all ages (two yrs old excepted).—Two miles and a half.
Ld G. H. Cavendish's Bizarre, 4 yrs old, Bat. 101 b. 1
Ld Verulam'6 Vaurien, 4 yrs old, • 7st. 101 b. - •
Mr. L. Fox's Negro, 3 yrs old, Ost. 21b. - - 3
• Eight others started but could not be placed.
Oatland Stakes.=This was a very-fine race, all started, and
Bizarre won by about a length.
The following having declared ft. by the sth of June, arexo•
Pay 100 sow 'each :—D. of York's Premium, R. 11. Benson's
Picton, and Ld Stradbroke's Cydnus.—D. of Portland, Ld
Exeter, hnd F. Bentinck, did not name.
The Second and Last Year of the Renewed Sweepstakes of
10gs each, for all ages ; four-yrs old, 7st. 91b. ; five, fist. 51b.;
six, 3st. 1 11b. ; and aged, 9st. ; mares to be allowed 31b.
Mr. 4.. L. Fox names Picton, s.yrs old - - 1
D. of York names Cephalus, 4-yrs -
Mr. Northey names Elden, 4-yrs - 3
D: of York names Philip, aged - - • - 4
D. of Rutland, Ld Foley, Ld Verulam, Mr. Howorth, Mr:
Udny, Ld Clarendon, and Mr. Wyndham, were Subscribers,.
but did not name.

The Renewed Sweepstakes was well contested between Ce-
phalus and Picton.
Sweepstakes of 100 soy. each, h. ft. Est. 51b.—New
Sir J. Shelley's Cedric, brother to Ivanhoe - 1
Ld 0. H. Cavendish's c. by Interpreter, out of Ridicule - 2
Ld Verulanes c. Vargas, by Orville, cut of Vittoria - 3
Duke of Portland's c. by Walton, out of Pledge, paid forfeit.

SAILING MATCH.
Yesterday afternoon a sailing match took place above bridge,
between the Libertine, Captain Davey, and the Swallow, Cap.
tain Williams, for a wager of NI. At four o'clock, the
vessels proceeded from Blackfriars Bridge up the River tt,
Putney, and thence back to Vauxhall. Victory was declared
in favour of the Swallow.

ROWING MATCH.
A grand rowing match took place on Saturday last for 100
sovereigns, by two Gentlemen, who undertook to row, in a
waterman's wherry, with oars, accompanied by a coxswain,
from Woolwich up the river, proceed through the centre arch
of Rithmond-bridge, and return again to the starting-place at
Woolwich, in the space of eight hours. The task was severe,
but the wager was won amid loud acclamations from a crowd of
spectators assembled on the occasion.

TROTTING MA Td IL • • . . .
•
Mr. Dysart's match to trot his mare fifteen miles. in one
hour, took place on Monday over three miles of ground, fur 100
sovereigns, and to carry 11 stone. The first three miles were
done in 11 min. 10 sec. ; the second, 11 min. 13 sec. ; third, 11
min. 20 sec.; fourth, 12 mia. 10'sec.; fifth, 12 min. 28 sec.
total, 58 min. 10. sec. The mare broke only twice, and Ron
the match cleverly.

PEDESTRIANISM.
Mr. W. West's match to go to the thirty-six mile stone on
the. Oxford-road, and- return to London in eighteen hours was
completed yesterday at ten minutes before one o'clock. lie did
the first twenty miles in three hours and a half, and reached
the thirty-six mile stone, near Stokers Chinch, in more than
an hour within the given time. On his return the Pedestrian
breakfasted at Wycomb, and when at Uxbridge he had 4 hours
left to do the 15 miles in, and was as fresh as at starting. He
reached the end of Bond-street, and walked home to his resid-
ence in Westminster, before his time had expired ; and we need.
not add, won with the greatest ease.

%EVA ' 7/e elriel
'.!t•
V4-o,' 0 004
44'
ir'n i 4
