ARCHES COURT, SEPT. 3.

Dr. Daubenay sat for Sir John Nicholl both in the
Arches and Prerogative Courts, this being the caveat day
after the last term.
THE OFFICE OF THE JUDGE PROMOTED BY THE REV. MR.

WESTERN V. WATKINS.
In this case the office of the Judge was promoted by the
Rev. Mr. Western, Rector of Kinghorn, in Oxfordshire,
against Mr. Watkins, " for the correction of his soul's health
and the reformation of his manners," but more particularly
for having forcibly entered the belfry of the parish church,
contrary to the wishes of the rector, and violently ringing
the bells, and for chiding, &c., in the church. A citation
having been taken out against the defendant and duly
served, Mr. Watkins, an exceedingly simple-looking coun-
tryman, appeared in person.
The Registrar having called the case, stated that the
party cited was in Court, for what purpose be was not aware.
The defendant said he had gone into the belfry to ring
with the consent of the churchwardens. He did not mean
to do wrong, and was sorry fir it.
The Proctor in the cause said the defendant ought to be
canonically censured for his conduct.
The question of canonical censure was postponed, but
further proceedings were stayed.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A young man naredThon;asiirlerly, who has been all
his life a pauper in Bishopsgate parish, and whose history
has attracted the curiosity of other parishes, was yesterday
brought before the Lord Mayor.
Mr. Booker, one of the parish officers, stated that Kil-
lerly, who had an inveterate aversion to labour, called on
him on the preceding day for money, but the new Poor
Laws Bill having prohibited the allowance of money to
able-bodied paupers who were unwilling to work, the appli-
cation was refused. ~the. refusal only had the effect of
making Killerly follow witness through the streets, and
threaten that if not sent to prison he should kick up such a
row under witness's windows as would "murder sleep." The
pauper acted accordingly, for he called at witness's house
at eleven o'clock at night, and acted in such a man-
ner as made it necessary to send him to the Compter.
Upon being expostulated with, Killerly said that it was his
determination to see what the Poor Laws were made of,
and whether he was to be starved or not when he could not
get work.
Killerly said, as the benefits of the poorhouses were de-
nied to him, he had nothing to choose to sustain life but to
get to a prison, and the most innocent way of obtaining
admittance to the latter place was by giving some annoy-
ance to Mr. Booker. He had done so unwillingly, as that
officer had always acted with great humanity towards him ;
but what was he to do if the Poor Laws Bill excluded him
from a maintenance to which he could fly whenever mis-
fortune overtook him ? If he was to be told that he could
not get bread without work, and he could not get work
by applying for it, was he to lie down and starve?

Mr. ooker—The case of this young man is most ex-
traordinary. The parish went to great expense some time
ago in fitting him out for sea, and a ship was provided for
him. After the first voyage he abandoned the ship and
returned to his parish, declaring that he would not trust
his body in a vessel that was not seaworthy. Your Lord-
ship then sent for Joshua Hudson, of Leadenhall-market,
who has often procured ships for young men at your re-
quest, and that agent soon afforded an opportunity to the
defendant of being comfortably provided for. Killerly,
however, said that his feet were sore ; and when Hudson
told him that a surgeon should examine him, he cried, " No,
I'm if I go to sea any more. —(A laugh.)
Killerly—l'm no use at sea. Although I've been three
or four voyages, I'm not worth a straw on board ship.
The LORD MAYOR—Nor anywhere else, I'm convinced.
Mr. Booker—The parish will soon have additional bur-
dens on his account. I don't know how many young girls
are likely to become mothers on his account, and not one
of them is able to maintain herself, putting a child out of
the question. When spoken to the other day about a girl,
also a pauper, who said she should soon become a parent,
he said, " The babe can't be mine, for I never fancied her
but once, and that was the night of the day when my wife
died, and that's eleven months ago."
The LORD MAYOR—What can I do with such a vaga-

bond ?—Killerly—l am willing to work, but the parish
won't get it for me.
Mr. Booker—Nobody will take him now. Not one of
the farmhouses will admit him. He is now a complete
outcast. _ _ _

Killerly—l never did a dishonest thing in my life, and if
nobody will give me work or food, to what may I be driven ?
I'll see whether I am to be driven from the place of my
birth by the new Poor Laws, when I am willing and able
to labour.
Mr. Booker—lt is all nonsense to say you are willing to
work. The parish are determined to exclude you.
The Lord Mayor remanded the defendant till Saturday,
very much to the satisfaction of the latter.
An old gentleman, named Daniel Price, who lived twenty
years as a wholesale stationer in Walbrook, in great respec-
tability, has appeared at the police-room for the last four or
five days, and conducted himself in such a manner as left
no doubt on the mind of the Lord Mayor that his intellects
were affected. The old gentleman walked into the police-
room each day with his hat on, and would not answer any
question put to him. Sometimes, however, he took a fit of
talking, and then it was difficult to stop him. Yesterday
the proprietor of the Jerusalem Coffee-house stated to the
Lord Mayor that Mr. Price had called at his house, and
asked for a bed, and acted in such a manner as showed that
he was not in his perfect wits. There was in his pocket
61. 165., which was very properly taken from him. There
were also papers found upon him which proved that he was
a man of property, but nobody seemed to know any more
about him.

The LORD MAYOR directed that care should be taken of
him, and that inquiries should be made by the officers.
It is believed that he came from Conway in Denbighshire.

G UILDHALL.

Yesterday George Chatterton was re-examined, charged
with fradulently obtaining from several chemists and sur-
geons cases containing stomach-pumps. Two new charges
were made out of obtaining instruments from Mr. Sanclon,
of Newgate-street, on the Gth of August, in the name of
Mr. Butler, of Cheapside, and from Mr. Pereira, of Picca-
dilly, on the 4th of August, in the name of Dr. Jewel, of
Saekville-street. _ _

The prisoner, who offered no defence, was committed for
uttering the forged orders.

BO W-STREET.

James Cook, driver of the Paddington omnibus, No. 216,
appeared before Mr. MINSHULL to answer the complaint of
Mr. Edward Payne,.of Great Queen street.
Complainant stated that yesterday morning between nine
and ten o'clock he was out in his gig, and being in Theobald's
Road, where his son was apprenticed, he stopped to speak to
him. He drew up close to the curb-stone, and had been there
for a few minutes when an omnibus came up, the fore-wheel of
which caught his wheel, and threw the horse on to the pave-
ment. He called out as loud as he could for the driver to stop,
but no attention was paid either to his cries or to the perilous
situation he was placed in. The omnibus was driven on, and
the hind wheel then caught him, and again turned him right
round, and threw the horse into the street. He again called
upon the driver to stop, but still no attention was paid to him,
so when he got his gig and horse in order he drove after the
omnibus, and again asked the driver to stop. He was then
treated with insolence, and the omnibus pole very nearly
driven through his gig. He then took the number, and sum-
moned the driver.

Mr. MINsuuLL said he had acted most properly in doing so.
He called upon the defendant to answer the charge.
Mr. Cook said the complainant's gig stood a good way from
the curb, and the wheels were turned out.
Mr. Payne called a witness who saw the whole transaction to
rebut that. He fully corroborated the complainant's statement.
Mr. MINSUIILL said that even though the gig had been stand.
ing in the middle of the road, that would not justify such vile
conduct as he had clearly been guilty of. He would be obliged
to punish him very severely, in order to protect the public. He
asked Mr. Payne how much he estimated the damage done to
the gig at.

Mr. Payne said he had not brought forward the case for the
purpose of recovering the expense—he did it because of the
insolent treatment he had received, and upon public grounds.
Mr. MiNsaum. informed him that in order to make out the
charge against the defendant he must estimate the damage at
something.
Mr. Payne—Well, Ido not want to be severe say 1 Os.
Mr. MiNstium. said the defendant was fortunate in meeting
with so lenient a prosecutor. He then fined him in the 10s.
damage, and 40s. with costs. In default of payment he was
to be committed for three weeks.

He was locked up.
Susan Thomas, a strong healthy young woman, was charged
by the Master of St. Giles's workhouse with coming to the
house (in which she was a pauper) very drunk and creating a
disturbance, using very bad language.
The prisoner, in her defence, said she had been 21 miles
into the country to see her son, and had got too much to drink..
The master had been in the habit of ill using her for some
months past, and most probably she had taken that opportunity
of telling him so.
Mr. MINSHULL committed her to the House of Correction
for three weeks.

The prisoner trusted, now that the master had got out his
revenge, they would in future be better friends.
A most respectable looking old woman, an inmate of St.
Clement Danes workhouse, was
.charged by the master with
the same sort of offence. She was also committed for the
same period.
Patrick Larkin, a man having the appearance of a brick-
layer's labourer, was brought up, charged by police constable
103 F, with being drunk last night about seven o'clock, and
annoying every person that passed him in the Strand, by
catching at them, and striking those who were offended at it.
lie took him into custody, when he instantly threw himself on
the ground, and kicked him very severely. Witness got more
,assistance, and he was with great difficulty got to the station-
house.

The prisoner saij he was very sorry for his conduct.
Mr. MINSHULL ned him in 205., and in default of paymen
Committed him to the House of Correction for two months.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

Francis Hayes and Michael George Blake were yester-
terday placed at the bar, the former charged with stealing
some silver spoons, and the latter with feloniously receiving
them.
The prisoner Hayes had been for a short time in the
service of the prosecutor, Mr. Alland, of 29, Gerrard-street,
goldsmith. The property was missed about a week since,
and, in consequence of suspicion attaching itself to the
youth Hayes, he was dismissed on Monday. Subsequently
it was discovered that he had bought a brooch, and other
circumstances tending to prove that he was in possession of
money, he was apprehended, when he admitted that he had
stolen the articles and given them to the other prisoner to
pledge.
In defence Blake admitted having received them, but
said he had given the money to Hayes.
They were fully committed for trial.

MARYLE B ONE.
Yesterday Charles Gil y, butler to - Carruthers, Esq.,
52, Upper Harley-street, was charged as follows
Complainant on the previous evening, while at dinner,
observed that the defendant was very inattentive to his
duty ; he reminded him of it, and he went on very well till
the meat was removed, when he brought in a fruit pudding,
which he placed with such insolence and force before Mrs.
Carruthers, that the syrup actually spirted in her face.
Complainant said to him, " Charles, what do you mean ?"
when the latter exclaimed with emphasis, and laying his
hand on his heart, " I'm a free-born Englishman ; I'm no
slave ; you've been used to govern slaves ; I'm not used to
slavery." Complainant then desired him to leave the room,
to which he replied, " I'm a man ; I've a soul ; you've a
fleshy carcase and no soul." In this way he kept on for a
long time, when complitinant sent for a policeman and gave
him in charge.
The prisoner had nothing to say in defence.
Mr. Carruthers (to the Magistrate)--This oppressed
Englishman, as he thinks himself, has 351. a year, and lives
on the fat of the land. I shall now discharge him.

Mr. RAWLINSON (to prisoner)—You belong to a class
of persons who are too greatly pampered. You are too well
fed, too well paid, have too little to do, and are the most
impudent set of vagabonds on earth. I hope the loss of
your situation will bring you to your senses. You are dis-
charged.
The prisoner, who stood with his arms folded, then left
the office.
