IRELAND.

THE HEPP.ESCNTATION LIFNDAI.K.-Mr. S. Crawford
was in hi.; place in the House oa Tuesday, in thee for the de-
bate upen the Address. Thus the Hon. Gentleman, for the
present, has withdraWn hi 3 resignation, and has placed him-
self in a c•mdi!lon to give his vete and stolpert"to the Govern-
ment. Whether he will retire, or continue in Parliament this
session, to co-operate with the real, the wisest, and best
friends of his country, we are not able to determine. The
event, we understand, is made to depend upon the result of.
an aggregate meeting of Mr. Crawford's constituents, espe-
cially convened. And to the letter, containing his re-
signation, which Mr. Crawf,rd addressed to those gentle-
men of his constituents who passed the admonitory reso-
lutions, no answer op the present time, we believe, has
been received by the Honourable Member for Dundalk.
On the whole, we are inclined to a belief, nor do we less in-
dulge in the hope, that Mr. Crawford rill perceive that the
intuests of Ireland will be best secured by sinking all merely
personal considerations, and in an enlightened aim, practically
to serve his country. All minor differences ought to, and we
trust will, be merged in the great cause now at issue between
the Corruptionists on one side and the Reformers, who would
do justice to Ireland, on the other. Mr. Crawford cannot but
be aware how dangerous disunion among Reformers must be
at a crisis so peculiar as the present.
We learn from the News Letter that the subject has caused
the most intense excitement in Belfast. A writer in this
paper throws away a great deal of very superfluous indig-
nation on the subserviency which he is pleased to impute
to the electors. They are, according to this most righteous
judge and candid expositor of things past, the mere crea-
tures of O'Connell, to whose dictation, in the election or re-
tention of a representative, they must silently succumb.
What arrant absurdity is this ! We will, however, let this
scribe, over whose eyes bang a film of prejudice so foul and
thick, that, for all purposes of proper perception, he might
es well he intellectually stone blind—we will let the party
pigmy who would wound a great man through the sides of
the " naturals" of Dundalk, weave his own web of malig-
nant sophistry, premising only that our estimate of Mr. Craw-
ford's virtue and wisdom as a public man is rather height-
ened than lessened by his taking his scat again in the
Rouse on Tuesday.
" The test of representative qualification for Dundalk (de-
clares this dunderheaded scribe) must in future be not prin-
ciple, not honesty, not any one of the virtues which shed a
lustre upon statesmanship, but a blind submission to the com-
mands of Daniel O'Connell. While we deplore the fact
that any portion of our countrymen should be so degraded
as to wish their representatives to vote that " black
is white," in order to serve a party purpose, we deem it
right to tell them in plain terms of the debased nature of
the servitude in which they arc held, in order that a sense
of their own public disgrace may lead them to free themselves
from the chains of intellectual slavery, by which they are now
palpably hound. The serfs, we suppose, will at their next
public meeting talk about freedom and the other attendant
privileges of constitutional independence, but not one of them
will dare to oppose O'Connell, however contradictory his mea-
sures may be to the general principles which they both profess
to maintain. It is a miserable illustration of the state of mat-
tets in Dundalk when the electors refuse, as they have virtually
done, to allow their representative to be independent, though
they profess to admire his principles and his conduct, but must
insist upon his sacrificing the one and accommodating the other
to the varying policy of a popular leader. It is passing strange,
as we said before, that a man of Mr. Crawford's character
should be so treated because he will not descend to the mean-
ness of becoming a joint of O'Connell's tail, and of stultifying
his own. professions, by denying to Ireland a more ample mea-
sure of what he conceives to be " Justice" than the Tail-
bearer chooses to be content with ad interim."
This and much more of the same silly declamation is spouted
forth from the pacific pen of the News Letter—a paper which
will be delighted to find another collaborateur in the field ;
for the Mail, although more mortified at the prospect of a re-
concilement of the differences between the divided parties, is
not one whit less vituperative. But we will leave the Mail
to chew the cud of disappointment, and shall now turn to the
more agreeable task of publishing the following letter from
Mr. Crawford :

" Liverpool, January 30, 1837.
" DEAR 51R,.....1 feel it my duty to acquaint you (with re-
ference to the article in the Register of Saturday morning)
that I am now on my way to London, with a view to discharge
my duty in the event of a division on the Address, and
to prevent the cause of the country being injured by the
absence of a vote on that occasion. I shall remain at my
post till I receive a communication from the constituent body
of Dundalk, that they have put some gentleman in nomi-
nation as my successor, when I shall vacate in the usual
manner.

" Your statement of what would have been my probable
line of conduct with reference to the Church Bill is merely
that which I adopted on former occasions. But under present
circumstances I am determined to give no pledge or engage-
ment, direct or implied, as to the course which I should adopt
with reference to any new Tithe Bill. In the event of my hav-
ing continued in Parliament, I would have acted according to
the best of my judgment in the manner most calculated to ad-
vance the object expressed in the first resolution agreed to by
.the National Association, as moved on the report of the com-
mittee by Mr. O'Connell, and seconded by me.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
" WM. SHARMAN CRAWFORD.
" To M. Staunton, Esq., Dublin."

TITHES.—IMPRISONMENT.— A most important case was tried
in the Court of Chancery last Tuesday, the 31st Jan. Mr. E.
Bullen applied to the Chancellor to discharge a poor old man
upwards of 70, from the gaol of Cork, where he has lain for
the last two years and a half, unknown and forgotten, contrary
to all laws, human, statutable, or divine. The Dublin Evening
Post justly observes that the opinion of the Chancellor on this
question is most important. He has declared that every hour
in which these wretched victims of a cruel system have been
allowed to linger in gaol has been false imprisonment, and that
all the parties concerned are liable to actions at law for this,
the greatest offence that can be committed against the liberty
of the subject. There never was a more flagrant case than the
one in question—for notices were regularly served upon the
gaoler, informing him of the illegality of his conduct, and yet
with a plain and simple Act of Parliament staring him in the
face, he persisted in detaining his prisoners, until the kind and
voluntary interference of another rescued them from his grasp.
We trust that these monstrous cases of oppression will form
the subject of official investigation.
POOR LAWS.—At a public meeting of the ancient parish of
St. .Michan's, the following resolution was passed :—" That
not only the marked thanks of the inhabitants of St. Michan's
parish, which we hereby tender, but the gratitude...of the na-
tion, is due to the Rev. Thaddzeus O'Malley, for his able and
unanswerable arguments in favour of the Irish poor, and for
having brought the subject before the public in a manner emi-
nently calculated to insure its ultimate success." _ _

GREAT MEETING.—On Tuesday last, the men of Bargy
and West Shilmalicr held a meeting, for the purpose of peti-
tioning Parliament for the total abolition of tithes, and a full
measure of Municipal Reform ; also to express their undimi-
nished confidence in the Government of Lord Mulgrave, and
to mark their indignant reprobation of the insult offered the
Irish people by Lord Lyndhurst.
This titled libeller of the Irish people may read with what
feelings he pleases the following resolution which was adopted
at the meeting := _

Resolved—That the practice of inundating► the House of
Lords with selfish adventurers, without property, character, or
public services, merely on account of political subserviency
and prostitution, is calculated to alter the nature of our ancient
peerage ; to degrade it in public estimation ; to impair its
value as an incentive to great actions in public men ; to en-
danger the liberties of the 1,231)1C ; to overturn the balance of
the Constitution ; and, tiny to disturb and dissever the em-
pire ; and that we deem Cie ".istance of John Baron Lyndhurst
to be emphatically of that character."

PROTEST AND DECLARATION.— We have the satisfaction
this day (Jan. 31) of adding three names to the crushing
Protest and Declaration of the Liberal Peers :—The Earl of
nowt'', the Earl of Arran, and Lord Viscount Netterville.—
Dublin Evenihy Pugt.
NATIONAL TRADES.-With the exception of a very few, the
members of this body have been laid up with the prevailing
epidemic, and, in consequence, their usual weekly meeting was
not held. This fact may, perhaps, be accounted for by the
late hours they usually hold their meetings. '
AFFAIR OF ilowora.—A meeting 'in hostile array" was
anticipated on Saturday last, in Galway, between G. Marten,
Esq., a solicitor, of that town, and T. Blake, Esq., of Menlo
Castle. The latter gentleman, under the advice of his friend,
Richard M. Lynch, Esq., having publicly made an ample
written apology, the matter terminated to the satisfaction of
all parties.
Ma. CLAYTON BROWNE.-Mr. Clayton Browne, who
quoted at the last Orange meeting a fabricated report of Mr.
O'Connell's speech at the Carlow dinner, is likely to obtain a
very unenviable notoriety in connection with the " ingenious
device." We arc informed that " a meeting is in contempla-
tion to give expression to the opinions of the people respect-
ing the conduct of Mr. Browne on this occasion, and to repel
the calumny against Mr. O'Connell, as well as against
themselves."

TUMULT AT TII2 THEATRE.—The unseemly violence in
which the Orange confederacy who recently celebrated their orgy
at the Mansion house indulged, has found a responSive ruffianly
outbreak ; for some fellows, emulating the example of the sot
disant Protestants, have not he-;itatecl to insult the represen-
tative of his Majesty. The following report of the proceed-
ings in the College-street Police Office, last Tuesday, is copied
from the Dublin Papers :—Thomas Mawe, alias Marly, of 65,
William-street, James Irwin, 53, .Marlborough-street, Graham
P. Halpen, 14, Seville-place, and Francis Walker, 31, Ex-
chequer-street, attended this office, to answer the charge pre-
ferred against them by. Peace-officer Roberts, of the Head
Office of Police, for noisy and excessively violent conduct in
the middle gallery of the theatre,4the preceding evening. Ile
stated that between ten and eleien o'clock his attention was
attracted to a corner of the theatre, where about thirteen
gentlemen had ensconced themselves, and were shouting party
cries, keeping up the Kentish fire, acid hissing and groaning
the Lord Lieutenant, who was present. This conduct on the*
part of the prisoners, called forth a counter declaration of
feeling on the side of the Liberals. Roberts, in the execu-
tion of his duty, remonstrated with those of the latter party
who were immediately near him, and they had the good sense
to attend to his admonitions. He then went over to the gen-
tlemen, to try his powers of persuasion ; but he had scarcely
opened his lips when he was saluted by a volley of aristocratic
oaths—they would break his bones--d—n the scbundrel—and
other gentlemanlike epithets. Roberts, however, singled
out two of the most prominent, and conducted them to the
watchhouse ; four of their companions went along with them,
and as soon as Roberts got the batch in he charged the entire,
to the amazement and indignation of the heroes. They left

uffieient guarantees for their appearance in the morning, and
retired, threatening vengeance. Four of them attended, and
two proved recreant. Mr. Calcraft, the lessee, attended, and
the ceurage of the heroes, seeing things likely to turn out seri-
uely, li1:- Bob Acres, oozed out at their fingers' ends ; they
(-raved pardon, and entreated Mr. Caleraft not to proceed
eganist them ; but their conduct had been so violent, and their
behaviour so indecent, that it would not allow of remission.
'['he four that attended were obliged to find bail to stand their
trial at the approaching commission, and warrants have been
i sued for the apprehension of the remaining two.
PARTY FALhEHOODS.—A day or two ago we reported the
calumny which, for party purposes, Mr. Clayton Browne and
his followers attempted to fasten on the lion. Member for
Kilkenny. The lie, however, is too 'nod to be laid aside until
it hae done the work of the faction. The Molt, dcspit.e irre-
"ragnble evidence to the contrary, and in the teeth of Mr.
O'Connell's denial, refutes to believe that the speech of the
lion. and Learned Gentleman at Carlow did not deal out
blood and damnation. When the lie is no longer serviceable,
the professed belief in it, and the flagitiously false report, will,
we suppose, be given up altogether, and simultaneously sink.
Such a course of political warfare is both disgusting and dis-
graceful.
Caer.ow.—A Mr. Bunbury is in the field for Carlow, as the
opponent of Ycates.
THE INFLUENZA.—When the cholera was at-. its height in
Dublin we question much whether the daily amount of mor-
tality was equal to what it is at present. We are informed
that for the last fortnight the average number of interments
daily, in Prospect Cemetery alone, was forty- six. The Mail
of last night says—" It has been calculated that about a thou-
sand funerals took place within the bills of mortality on Sunday
last." We do not remember worse weather than the present.
It is cold, dark, and damp; snow on Saturday, rain on Sun-
day, darkness and mist on yesterday ; and still even those who
confine themselves to their houses arc not exempt from the
attacks of this violent epidemic.
The King's Speech arrived in Dublin at half-past two
o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday.
