held a meeting for the purpose of considering the
propriety of addressing the QUEEN, which
was called by the High Constable, in conse-
quence of a requisition presented to him numerously
signed. The meeting lasted four hours, was
quietly conducted and separate,l quietly, but so
much cannot be said of public meetings to which
Huntingdon squires and Cambridge students, the
cons of our gentry and nobility find admittance. The
existence of Chartists in such a town as Brighton,
in such numbers and such respectability as to com-
mand the use of the Town-hall, and the services
of the High Constable for their meeting, excites our
astonishment. True to their principles, they voted
an Address to her MAJESTY, in which they con-
demned both the Whigs and the Tories, and prayed
her MAJESTY to dismiss her present Ministers,
because they were bent on " putting down the peace-
ful agitation of the people to recover their constitu-
tional rights." Such a feeling so prevalent in
a town which returns to Parliament a Tory and a
Whig—is calculated to produce watchfulness
in the Government, and reflection in the middle
classes. Brighton has no over-wrought and ill-
paid manufacturing population, to be the nurse of
wild political discontent, and when it is proved to
be so rife and rampant there, it must have struck
deep root into society.

We have inserted, in another part of this day's
paper, the protest lodged in the Court of Arches by
Mr. APSLEY PELLATT, against the proceedings
of the said Court, in the case in which he is
defendant, on the charge of " subtraction of Church-
rate" from Messrs. HAWES and VICAT, church-
wardens of Christ Church, Surrey. It is, as our
readers will find, a highly interesting document.
Mr. PELLATT, much to his credit, and, we hope,
much to the benefit of the cause which he supports,
has deviated from the beaten track of Spiritual
Court practice. Instead of appearing by a Proctor,
he has appeared in person. The Protest has,
therefore, this great merit to recommend it,

that, instead of being drawn up in the form
most pleasing to the Ecclesiastical authorities, and
stuffed with unmeaning technicalities, it abounds
with common sense views, and goes into the marrow
of the question regardless of the effect which may
be produced on the mind of the Court. Mr. PEL-
LATT cares not a straw whether Sir HERBERT
JENNER smiles or frowns. He speaks his mind
freely and boldly, and tells the official Principal of
the Arches Court of Canterbury, a few home truths
which never would have reached his ears through
the ordinary channels of communication between
the Court and its suitors.
This excellent example will, we trust, be fol-

lowed in every similar case that may occur, for
thus, not only will there be a very considerable
saving of expense to those who are dragged into
the Spiritual Courts, but the abuses with which
these Courts swarm, the ignorance, the bigotry, the
injthtice, the peculation—and these are but a few of
their characteristics—will be exposed through the

Liberal Press, which we are sure will be glad to
lend its aid in furthering so praiseworthy an object.
One of the first things that strike the reader in
perusing this Protest is the gross iniquity with
which these Ecclesiastical people play into each

others hands, and fill each others pockets,
at the expense of their victims. This case
of Mr. PELLATT ought, in justice, to
have been tried by JOHN SAYER POULTER, Ba-
chelor of Laws, who holds the office of Commissary
" in and for the parts of Surrey, of the Right Re-
verend Father in GOD, CHARLES RICHARD, by
Divine permission Lord Bishop of Winchester."
Either this official of the Bishop is qualified for
the important office to which he has been appointed,
or he is not. If he is fit, why should a defendant,
in Mr. PELLATT'S position, be subjected to addi-
tional expense and inconvenience, by being handed
over to the spiritual jurisdiction of another diocese—
and that, too, in the most summary and arbitrary
manner imaginable, without his consent ever being
asked, or any intimation given to him—and simply
because the aforesaid Commissary chooses to be
exempted from the discharge of his duty,and to trans-
fer it, together with a fee taken out of the defend-
ant's pocket, to another Judge ? If he is not fit,
then why does not the Bishop of WINCHESTER
either perform in person the duties incumbent on
him, or appoint a properly qualified deputy ?
In showing the injustice of making all the
different sects in the kingdom contribute to
the maintenance of the accidentally domi-
nant sect, Mr. PELLATT puts a case in which
the relative situation of the parties is re-
versed. How, he very pertinently asks, would the
members of the Church like to be treated in
the way that they have treated him
and others who will not violate their consciences
and submit to an unjust exaction ? We fear the
parties to whom this appeal is addressed have yet
to learn the lesson that it is their duty to do to
others as they would wish others to do to them. Did
they practice it, there would have been no such
grievance as Church-rates to complain of. It is
right, however, that when the conscience is
darkened, or rather seared as with a hot iron, an
attempt should be made. to enlighten and awaken it.
There are various other points in Mr.PELLATT's
able Protest, which it would be useful to notice,
and which, had our space permitted, we should
have commented upon. But we must refer the
curious reader to the document itself, with a parti-
cular recommendation to look narrowly into the
bill of costs run up against a neighbour of his, a
fellow-sinner, which the defendant in this cause ac-
cidentally got hold of, and from which it will ap-
pear that half the charges arose entirely from the

transfer of the jurisdiction from the said Mr. Com-
missary POULTIR, Bachelor of Laws, to the said
Official Principal of the Arches' Court of Can-

trbury I

It appears from our Marlhorough-street police
report that Mr. PowELL, the Solicitor for the
Mint, came before the Magistrates yesterday to
bear testimony to the character of one of the "poor
unfortunate boys" kidnapped by the Children;
Friend Society, and sold into slavery. According
to arrests and convictions, this hopeful youth had
been in custody thirteen times, and his father and
mother had been transported ; and but for this for-
tunate event, Mr. RAWLINSON would have had a
long tale from them also, about their distress of
mind, in not having received for five years even one
letter from their dear child. Most Persons
will
agree with Mr. PowELL in thinking that this
boy'sstatement was totally unworthy of credit ; yet on
such evidence have stories been trumped up against
the Society, and published in many of the news-
papers as facts—stories, injurious alike to the cha-
racter of the benevolent Directors, and to the best
interests of that very class for whose benefit it was
especially instituted.

Letters from Constantinople of the Ist inst. an-
nounce the continuance of perpetrations for war on
the part of the Porte. Still it was not believed
that hostilities between the SULTAN and ME-

lIENIET ALI would take place for another year.
Russia had obtained something like a promise
from the SULTAN that he would not be the first to
unsheath the sword, and it is generally known that
the Viceroy of EGYPT will be very well satis-
fied to remain as he is. Virtually, Sovereign of
Egypt, it is not by arms, but arts, that he seeks
to establish a dynasty which shall re-establish the
Throne of the 13 - lIARAOI-IS. .

The Turkish fleet was to cruise in the Bospho-
rus about the middle of May• It was to consist
of ten sail of the line, twelve frigates, and a number
of small craft.

Letters from Tabriz of the 9th of April, had
The SHAH of Persia was
reached Constantinople.
