POLICE INTELLIGENCE

MANSION-HO USE.

31. Pierre de Blain, a French gentleman, who
resides in chambers in Leadenhall-street, was aura-
morsed before the LORD MAYOR for beating Rafael
Spagliette, an image-seller, and breaking a very
tine bust of Napoleon Bonaparte. There was
another charge against M. de Blois, brought by a
confectioner, who accused him of having mixed up
the bead of the deceased Emperor with a giblet-
pie, which had been baked for the dinner of a cus-
tomer in the same building. The image-seller
stated that he had walked up stairs to show a bust
of Napoleon, made of pale clay, and bearing a strong
resemblance of that distinguished person. He could
not open the defendant's door; but finding that
there was a pane of glass at the top of it, he raised
up the head, rapped at the door softly, and said,
" Buy my Napoleon's ghost; buy my ghost of
Bonaparte ?" On a sudden he heard somebody in
the inside cry out, " Oh, Christ shave us, it is de
Emperor !" and immediately afterwards down
lumped a weight upon the floor, upon which he
went away with his image without waiting to sell
it.—(Loud laughter.) A few days subsequently he
went to the same chambers, but he had scarcely got
on the landing-place when the defendant seized him
by the collar, and said, " Oh la ! you dam rascal,
you shan't sell no more of de ghosts here, for you
shall go home de ghost yourself !"—(A laugh.)
The defendant then tumbled him down stairs, and
but for a confectioner's man, who stopped the fall,
Spagliette was sure that, if -any part of him was
alive now, it could be nothing but his ghost.
John Harris, journeyman to a confectioner, stated
that be was taking home a giblet pie to Mr. Wilson,
a gentleman who resided in the chambers, when he
received the image-seller and his Napoleon upon the
tray, from the top of the stairs, from the hands of
M. de Blois, with fifty diabolical oaths. Part of the
Italian and part of the Napoleon fell upon the pie,
and Mr. Wilson refused to pay for it, as he did not
fancy a mixture of giblets for his dinner.—(A laugh.)
M. de Blois said that the image-seller had been
set on by some wags in the building to annoy him,
and he would leave it to any one to say whether it
was not rather frightful to see the head of a man who
had been so long dead looking in at a high window.
—(Laughter.) He was willing to pay for the
broken head, as he had all along intended to break
it ; but why he should be called upon to pay for the
pie was what be could not at all understand.
The Loin MAYOR—In what attitude did the
Italian fall upon the pie? Confectioner—Please you,
my Lord, he just fell a sitting upon it.
Mr. Mahony, clerk to M. Blois, said that he was
present when the Italian lifted the head up to the
window, and he vowed that he believed it to be a
real head, especially when it shook and said, " I'm
the ghost of Napoleon !" M. de Blois was dread-
fully agitated, particularly as he had known the late
Emperor. He really thought that men ought to be
punished for carrying about such heads.
The LORD MAYOR—And so they arc. The
owner of Napoleon's head was punished pretty
sharply for carrying about such a head with him.
Mr. Mahony (not c6mpreliending his Lordship's
observation)—l'm sure my Lord, he deserved what
he got, and he ought to be made to pay for the pie
too. If the Italian fell I'm hanged if it was any more
than tit for tat, for he knocked down M. de Blots
with the Emperor but a short time before.
Mr. Wilson stated that as such a variety of
disasters had attended the re-appearance of the Em-
peror of the French, he would do all in his power to
restore the harmony which had been violated, by
paying for the giblet pie, if M. de Blois would give
half-a-crown to the Italian, to buy a plaster for the
head of Napoleon.
M. de Blois—No, I shall not pay for de head ;
but if you pay for de head, I shall pay for de giblets.
To this arrangement Mr. Wilson at once agreed,
and he profited by the scruples of the Frenchman,
who, without hesitation, threw down a crown to the
confectioner, and departed.

At the Hertford Sessions, on Monday, the
Grand Jury found a true bill for a libel on Mr. Know,
churchwarden of Stunstead, against ROBERT HOGAN, the
keeper of a beer shop in that villige, for having exhibited
on his sign-board the effigy of a man, with these words,
" Here swings the informer," written underneath. HOGAN
had been informed against for transgressing the regulations
for beer shops prescribed by the Act of Parliament, and
attributed it to the churchwarden.—Beds. .Chronicle,

• .
..., •• •
~. *I- v. *..•. , ' , - •,:• .. • •
_.„.. , .
ht 4's'-')- - , . ...;),4 • . . .
~y_h.._ • .-, ;,,,
, - J.)
5...,..,...;,. g ~,,,, ..., ,
„did ( ~..• . • ,
- .
!.!,_!, .[.. ....,,,,,,, !,,41_11,_A, - _ • ' ro: '
,• f •
~ -
--...). . .
!s • , , N•• , "MO,-74.
I'r- . '•., '
,i 116...,. ' ''''',/ltl/4 ' 4., -
. •
~ ~,
.../ 4, , ... , ~, iti,,,,
,--....--- ,
. r•
.:
1;111 ~ 14.1' .
'. , •••-,
.. . --.._._..._,..._........._._.......__._.____.__
•
• ' , . . ' r

16, 183'2.

IRELAND.
TO
~241117- ,EDITOR OF THE :DUBLIN
. ,;EVENING POST.
1/4 •
DiAitriStri-i—l troubles you with a letter I have
received fiom Mr; Dwyer, and myanswer to it..
The lattif 11,thopeyou will not be afraid to publish,
though I4ootftiv your (Ming so must be attended with'
danger;.-have, however, stood by Ireland in
times nearly HS ,bad, and I Will continue to do so.
There: weee.about 'six or seven Peers of Ireland,
now all b:ufbrie or two in :Parliament, who advo-
cated the stte of civil and 4figious liberty.,.
The
Duke of Leinster was at their. head, and, such,' is,
now at theThead of the new proscription. I have
to apologise to his Grace for the liberty of using hii
name, but:. geeing in the papers of Wednesday a new
and false attack on hird,,' With the words—" The
first of our pobility has given the example of absen;
beg to say, what is indeed well known to,
all Kildafe, and to all Ireland;that though`the Duke
of Leinsfei. is entitled tolkhouse in Londont, he only
uses it When called to radiamen( hii duty to
Ireha4,-... I have no right to,stablish"a,n Itiitukkion
into in trace's conduct, but happening to be
neighbour, anti to have known him from infancy, I
can truly say, that for one month he has passed in
England he has passed eleven in Ireland, and for
one guinea expended in England, he has expended
twenty in his native country, where, as a landlord,
as a magistrate, as a host, paren', husband, or friend,
he stands unrivalled amongst a band of country gen-
tlemen, of as high character and bearing as can be
found in any country of the world, all, however, of
course, perfectly unknown to Mr. O'Connell.
As to myself, the pride of my humble, but I hope
not useless, life, is the envy, hatred, and malice, of
the friends of despotism and the enemies of Ireland.

I have the honour to be, dear Sir,
Your faithful servant,
Lyons, 6th Jan. CLONCURRY.

Lyons, Jan. 4, 1332.
SlR,—Yesterday I received your letter of the
31st inst., calling my attention to the proceedings of
a meeting that day with the earnest suggestion of
the meeting on the subject of an assembly of Irish
Members of Parliament in Dublin on the 9th inst.,
or some other day.
I see in the proceedings of the meeting that the
proposal for such assembly is attributed by Mr.
O'Connell to Mr. Grattan, a gentleman for whom,
individually and by inheritance, I feel the highest de-
gree of affection and respect ; the proposal also ac-
cards very much with my own opinion, and was made
by me in 1827, on the formation of " The Society
for the Improvement of Ireland."
It is, therefore, necessary that I should state my
reasons for now declining to attend such meeting.
They are—

First,—That I do not think that, under existing
circumstances, such assembly could calmly deliberate
or wisely debate the interests of the country, but
rather that, under the influence of fear and terror,
though with the appearance of free agency, it would
aid Mr. O'Connell in either forcing him into office,
or of drawing from our poor and generous people a
further portion of the wretched pittance remaining
to them.

Secondly,—lt would, I fear, tend to widen the
breach, so very painstakingly made by that gentle-
man, bet►veen man and man in Ireland.

Thirdly,—Of those who attend, courty Members
will be supposed to do so only from fear of future
elections, whilst those_ who do not attend will be
subjectiirgiregifirtiiiiis and- insult, and no individual
will be credited for disinterested free agency and
patriotism; in fact, it would probably be an as-
sembly to register the decrees of Mr. O'Connell,
most of which have latterly had their origin in sel-
fishness, in disordered excitement, or in bad passion.
It would also look like an attempt at dictation,
and a desire to embarrass, at a most critical moment,
the only Ministry that, at any time, had deserved
the confidence of the country, and the anxious sup-
port of the friends of rational Government.
It is very painful to refuse the request of a meet-
ing of Irishmen ; it is very painful to me, loving Ire-
land as I do, to risk the slightest injury to her in-
terests, by declaring my abhorrence of the present
conduct of one with whom, and for whom, I have
so often acted ; but it is a paramount duty, and
under such circumstances I must not shrink.

The best men of the country are driven into pri-
vacy or into banishment; those who attempt to
think for themselves or to beg a moment's cessation
from violence, are proscribed; whether the triumph
be reserved for Mandeville or O'Connell, the people,
their friends, and the Government must perish
As to the questions which will, I trust, be fairly
debated and honourably supported in Parliament by
all Irish Members, and by the King's Ministers, I
humbly but earnestly recommend a fair Reform Bill
for Ireland, to secure a full, fair, and adequate re-
presentation of our people in Parliament, with just
reference to their numbers, their rights, and their
accurately ascertained contributions to the State. A
provision for the poor, and for profitable labour,
levied on the land. These are the two chief and
vital measures which do not admit delay. The en-
tire nineteen Bills, recommended in 1830, deserve
most serious attention,—my opinions as to tithes
were published in 1822, they do not, I believe, look
selfish for a tithe-proprietor. The Sub-letting Act I
would modify as far as it could be modified with
justice to the small holders, and yet I am a landlord.
The Grand Jury and the Vestry Laws I would abo-
lish, and yet lam a country gentleman and a Pro-
testant. What is just and right, an honest man
should not be driven from by any personal feeling,
by fear a danger or of undeserved reproach. The
folly and ingratitude of O'Connell only affects me as
it may injure our common country. Ido not envy
him his feelings, if he reflects on the false accusations
he would insinuate against me. He lately asked me
where 1 was, or what I was doing last year, when
he was prosecuted ? I answer, I was fight-
ing for him with the law officers of the Crown, even
to violent and personal altercation, in my endeavours
to save him from punishment for an offence to which
he had pleaded guilty. He insinuates that I ask
favour from the great. I answer, that the only fa-
vour I ever asked for was for O'Connell, and through
the Duke of Leinster, a man not to be shaken in his
love for Ireland, his love of truth, and his love of
noble independence.
I hope, and indeed I almost believe, that O'Con-
nell forgets when he states as facts, what he knows
no rational being could believe; for instance, in his
speech on Saturday last, to which you draw my at-
tention, he asserts, on the pretended authority of
Mr- Murphy, that not one in one hundred and fifty
cattle are now slaughtered in Dublin that were be-
fore the Union. Will Mr. Murphy confirm this ?
or will O'Connell say why he makes flee with the
names of
persons who have character to lose ? He
once put my name down for a Wellington tribute ;
shortly before he would have me lead the forty shil-
ling freeholders into rebellion, after having himself
trafficked their rights for reasons he best knows.—
No man more earnestly joined me at one time in
lamenting the injury done to themselves and to the
country by
the combined tradesmen; yet he soon
after encouraged arid excited combination to insult
the best Chief Governor Ireland ever saw. lie pre-
sided at a charity dinner of which I am patron, and
omitted " The health of the Chief Governor," the
only one, in his station, who ever contributed to the
charity. A few months ago he ordered his followers
to clamour for "repeal;" but when he hoped to be

-

PRICE D

bought at his own price-he endeavoured to "Burke"
their opinions, and only let them breathe again when
',That hope was lost.
As to " repeal," I was ever its warmest advo-
rate.; if I have ceased for one year to do so, it is
.because I relied on a patriot .King and a• gOod 111 i,
nistiy to render it unnecessary, and becaUle I know
that O'Connell has rendered it' impracticable : he
lies eicited anger and revived party animosity; he
has retidered,.us. totally unfit for self government,
whilst his own opinioni vac►iate•bettveen American
repUblicailism and the dear lamented despOtism of
France. •

Let us hope for wiser counsel and for better

:tiniei; I knoW'no'slaverY so Alreadful as the 'slavery
/of falsehood'', denunciation, and'terror, which O'Cor-
nell in his. disappointment has .endeavoured to ex.
.cite—whether he wisheS that the Government, over:
.awed, should:throw themselves into the arms of the'
Orangemen, that they should resign to the Tories;
or that the Fieople, . excited to rebellion, shOUld de-

liver themselves to slaughter, and their country to:
know not; bur 1 feel certain that the
Idangir Only to be 'aliened 'by the opposition' of
all good men to both the factions; by their union ir:
defence of order, and by a calm and respectful re-
presentation of our wants. •

1 do not yet despair of attention and redress—if
either be delayed, the fault is theirs who use threats
which a man of spirit cannot brook, and to which if
a Government yielded it could not exist. The
enemies of Ireland look anxiously, and with hope, to
divisions, to bloodshed, and to oppression, renewed
in all its horrors ; let her friends unite for her de-
fence and their own safety.
I am, Sir, your faithful servant,
James Dwyer, Esq. CLONCURRY.
