pe-Erßi,

We are• indebted for the following lines, to a
work intitled THE JGBILEE, written by Mr. JERDAN,
d charaaerized by a loyal and patriotic spirit, as
1l as by political energy.

Thus at a distance tar remote
From us War's bloody banners float ;
Strange lands are in his wrath devour'd ;
On other men, the curse is pout'd.— -
Not so my country trebly blest I
No wars thy happy bounds molest ;
Security smiles oe'r thy plains,
And gladdens all thy sturdy swains
Thy shepherds roam. thy vales in peace,
Axid tend their flocks,and shear their fleece.
Thy husbandmen; with measur'd tread.
And liberal hand, bestow the seed ;
Assurcd to reap their labours o'er,
In safety harvest's-plenteous store-.
Their various crafts thy tradesmen ply.
Certain no foe shall e'er come nigh,
The garner'd produils of their toil,
Fruit of their industry, to spoil.
Oh, favour'd Britain ! couldst thou see •
The tithe of others misery—
Couldst thou behold on Dannbe's banks,
Where death has thinned the )stile ranks,
Thousands of hands in blood imbrued,
And earth wi:h mangled corses strewed
Unburied yet they taint the air,
And pestilence completes despair :
Couldst thou behold the fields of Spain
Drench'd with the gore of thousands slain.
Her dearest sons, who fate defied,
And, in the cause of freedom, died—
Died glorious—as becomes the brave,
From slavery their sons to save :
Couldat thou behold, with anguish wrung,
Ne'er could complaint escape thy tongue;
Or fancied ills in thee create
One murmur at dispensing fate ;
But bending to great God above
For all his goodness, all his love,
Young gratitude would fill thy breast)
And all his mercies be confess'd ;
Tor that no foe thy blissful shades
With ruthless purpose e'er invades ;
No trenches wound thy wood.eloth'd hills,
Nor camp thy peaceful Vallies fills,
No hostile squadron's vaunting scorn
Tramples thy ripening fields of corn i
No lawless ruffians hither roam,
To sack a Briton's sacred home ;
to bid the youth defensive stand,
And die to guard their native lapd ;
To violate the virgin's bed,
Insult old age's hoaty head,
To. butcher babes before their eyes,
And mock the frantic mother's cries. ,
..rußilizz Ex. R AORDINARY:

Ent-xott,
:Congratulating rny, conntrynietvrot their layalt7
and patriotism evinced M every quarter- of the king!
drytn„-by=thi eter ivat lop of brating the National JuNiee on e-.
tb2sth in
his Majesty entering on the- scrat'''year of hist, ons
most
happy reign,__ and fully perstaded that every extra-
ordinary effusion of loyalty and patriotism should be
pwisheclao the world, I trouble you With this.; and
request Ole insertion of it in yout.next Paper, that
the noble ex,ule of loyalty, pnblid liberality,
and unbounded gei-rosity may be followed by every
loyal city, town, corpu,ation, borough, and village in
the united kingdom.-I.l;th this view, .and impress-
ed with the importance of zn noble: an example, I
beg to state that a corporation tuwm (always famous
and now rendered immortal by its loyalty), and not
a hundred miles distance from the banks of the river
Dart, lately called a meeting of the inhabitants to
decide on the best mode ofcelebrating
JUBILEE EXTI;AORDINARY 1 !
when it was no sooner izietertnined 'on, than the
leading man immediately subscribed 3001. and tt+l7l
*as instantly followed by the worthy. May6r
and
Aldermen subscribing 501. each, and all the other
revealable inhabitants equally liberal, zud to the
credit of the town be it recorded, thaeill this i,
.to
be distributed among the Poor, by entfktaining them
(in the style* of true old English ilifspitality) with
roast beef, -plumb pudding, Kid strong 'beet, every
cl,ayc°,[nmencing
,ll9h -15th inst.) till the whole
of this immense sum,Mr dee • andlrons the most
,expen , roi
accurate calcutOrin
ascertained made on the subjea, it is well
this Jubilee Extraordinary will last
du,ring remainder of the present year.
Editor, as much as I admire loyalty at
and particularly on so happy an occasion,
'which you know can never hap pen above twice in
a century, I still fear one bad e6l tf- may arise from
this most extraordinary subscription, namely, that of
Putting a total stop to all trade and busines, by keep-
3ng the Poor and labouring part of the inhabitants
is one continued state of ',Jubilee for upwards of two
mouths to come but as a Committee of seven of the
most respectable inhabitants, is appointed to manage
this business, we have, the consolation of knowing
that the whole (from its commencement to its con-
clusion) will be conducted with the utmost decorum,
particularly as the Volunteers are to attend, and will
be handsomely entertained daily at one-of the prin-
cipal inns.

I am, Mr. Editor, yours, Rec.
As AMMIER Or CORTORATION LOYALTY.

The Marehal of the Kins Bench has, with his
usual liberality, ordered a °fine (DX, with a butt of
porter, bread, &c. to be distributed in the prison on
Wednesday, with the very praise-worthy intention
of enabling those prisoners whose circumstances may
not allow them to participate in the general lestivity
of the Jubilee, to commemorate that auspicious day
'With satisfation. This laudable example will, we
trust, be generally followed throughout the king-
-4(41), by all those who possess the means of ad-
ministering to the relief of their distressed fellow-
creatures. This is, indeed, to observe the Jubilee
as tlie proper sense.
