FOREIG,N INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France of Saturday.)
" MADRID, AUG. 10.—The Minister of Finance
is much better, and will 're'sume his labours to-mer-
row. The Minister of Grace and Justice has com-
municated to the Council of State the following
Royal order, dated July 18 :
" Sir,—The Minister of Foreign Affairs ac-
quaints me, that considering that the journal pub-
lished at Paris under the name of the Quolidienne
has passed the bounds of moderation, and failed in
respect to the King our Sovereign, by attacking the
opinion of his faithful servants, censuring the opera-
tion; and the measures which emanate from the
sovereignty of his Majesty, even combatting the
official article which the Consul-General of Spain at
Paris has published in defentt of the Spanish cre-
dit, his Majesty has resolved that the introduction
of this journal into the Spanish territory shall be
prohibited,—consequently, orders to that effect will

be issued.'
" A ship which has just arrived at Cadiz from the
Havannah, has brought to the Government de-
spatches
from General Vives, Captain-General of
the island of Cuba, announcing that the expedition
to the Mexican Continent, which sailed from the
Havannah under the command of General Miranda,
had landed at the port of Sisal, in the province of
Yucatan, and that it had made itself master of that
province without encountering the slightest opposi-
tion, and without being obliged to fire a single
musket to effect this occupation. The expedition
does not amount to 6,000 men, as was reported : it
amounts to only 5,000, of whom 3,500 are whites,
1,500 people of colour. This army is too small to
undertake any offensive operations, and therefore
General Miranda keeps his troops concentrated at
Yucatan, waiting for the result of the efforts which
may be made in the interior by the partisans whom
we are supposed to have in Mexico, when they have
learned of the landing of a Spanish expedition on
the territory of the Republic.

" PARIS, AUG. 21.

" ERRATA IN THE JOURNALS.

" Constitutionnel.—lt is said that M. de Polignac
has demanded of the King of Sain the dismissal o
M. Ballasteros, and the appointing of a saccessor tof
Count d' Ofalia.
" The Cour/cr.-1 he Department of the Marine
has been refused by M. de Lalot.
" The Journal du Commerce.—M. de Lalot has
positively refused the Department of the Marine. An
answer from M. Vitrolles is expected.
" Ditto.—The report of a very stormy discussion
in the council of yesterday has been spread in some
saloons.
" Dillo.—A complete change of the English Mi-
nistry, the formation of which is said to be confided
to Lord Holland."

(From the Messager des Charribres of Friday.)
" SECOND EDITION.

" PARIS, AUG.2l.—The Porte having renewed
its friendly relations with England and France, the
consulates of these two nations have just been re-
established at Smyrna, and their flags hoisted with
great solemnity. They will also be immediately re-
established in the ports of Syria.
" A letter from Madrid of the 10th of August says
that the police had just received orders to arrest, if it
can find them at Madrid, the following persons:—
Messrs. Ricard, Reyna], Kene, advocate in the United
States of America, who has the rank of Spanish
Consul, the Marquis de Croi, the Count de Croi, his
nephew, French emigrants, and the priest Anduesa
Vicar, of Natchitoches, in Louisiana : the grounds
of this rigorous measure are not known.
" All the news received from the Levant agree
that there are great changes in the political system,
which is to be followed with respect to the war in
the East. The Cabinet of St. James's appears de-
finitively to espouse the cause of Turkey, and is
already preparing to stop by force the projects of
Russia, whose successes alarm it. The Greek cause
is left to its own force, and the dissensions existing
among the Greeks make their friends fear that they
will be reduced to their former state of slavery.
Some persons say that the army of the Morca will
soon return to France. .

We have spoken of an English vessel which
was said to have forced the blockade of Algiers, in
sight of the Provence of the line, without any ship
of the squadron being able to oppose its pas,age.
The following is an accurate statement of the facts :
—An English frigate, the Dartmouth, entered the
harbour of Algiers the 21st of July, but it was after
having been authorised by the Duchess de Berri;
The English corvette Pelorus has also anchored in
the bay, and was there only the 30th of July, when
the ship of the line the Provence, and the Alerte
brig, went there with a flag of truce. This corvette
(lid not sail from Algiers till after the event of the
3d of August*, and it communicated with our
cruisers on the Cape at Cazine."
FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, ADC,. 2l.—Five per Cents.
109 f., sc. 20e. 15e. ; Three per Cents., 80f. 80f. 10e.
90f. ; Naples Stock, 86f. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 73/10
Spanish Rentes Perpetuelles, 4Sa ; Haytian Loan, 400 f.
—Exchange on London.—One month, paper, 25f. 55c. ;
money, 25f. 50c. ; three months, paper, 25f. 40c. ;
money 25f. 30c.—fours Authentique.
This alludes to the firing of the batteries at Algiers
on the Provence while bearing a flag of truce, as related
in the Journal des Debuts of Thursday.

GERMAN PAPERS.
(BY EXPRESS.)

" CONSTANTINOPLE, JULY 30.—A Tartar from
Bourgas has brought the news of the landing of a
Russian corps of 12,000 men at Sizeboli. The
Porte has also received information that this corps
has joined the Russia main army that has passed the
Balkan. Aldus, Karnabat, and Janboli are said to
be already occupied by the Russians. Unfavourable
accounts continue to be received from Asia. Erie-
roum is said to be taken by the Russians, and the
whole army of the Seraskier dispersed. The Arme-
nians every where join the Russians us they advance.
All this bad news has caused the greatest consterna-
tion, and preparations are making in all speed for
the defence of Adrianople, of which Hussein Pacha,
Governor of Smyrna, is appointed Commandant;
iiitrenchments for the defence of the capital are also
being thrown tip with great activity. Jahia Effendi,
dragoman of the Porte, is disgraced, and his son-in-
law, Espar Effendi, appointed in his room.
" On the 26th instant a tire broke out in the vici-
nity of Pera, by which 1,000 houses and shops
were consumed.
" M. Von Royer, the Prussian Ambassador, had
his first solemn audience of the Sultan in the camp
at Bujukdere. It is said the Sultan- will soon re-
turn to Ramis Tchiflik, where he had his camp last

autumn."

" MuNicti, AUG. 15.—We have just received
here, from an authentic source, the important news
that General Diebitsch has effected his junction with
the corps which landed to the south of Bourgas, and
then followed the enemy to Kirki-Kilissa, 20 French
leagues from Constantinople. A great battle took
place there which has completely decided the fate of
the Turkish army. There is now nothing to oppose
the march of the Russian main army to Constanti-
nople. Yet, notwithstanding the defeat, the Divan
persists in its refusal to come to an arrangement.
We expect with the greatest impatience the details
of this important event, and the denou(nvnt of the
catastrophe. _ _ _

"MUNICH, A uo.l6.—We just learn from a quarter
that may be depended upon, that official news was
received early in the morning of the 27th, by the
Russian Legation at Vienna, that General Diebitsch,
after being joined by the corps that landed at Size-
boli, had totally defeated and dispersed the Turkish
army in a great battle'; sear Kirki-Kilissa (20 German
miles from Constantinople.) The fate of the capital
must be now decided. The next pest from Vienna will
bring us the pal ticulars.—Allgtmeine Zeitung, Aug. 17.
" CONSTANTINOPLE, JULY 25.—The situation of
the Porte becomes more critical every hour. The
enemy makes immense progress on every side, and

nothing tut a tn)tacle can save the Sultan, unless he
listens to reason and shows himself willing to make
peace. The troops are losing their confidence, and
a spirit of mutiny has shown itself in some corps.
The second battalion of bombardiers has actually
refused to march against the enemy, and its com-
mander has been beheaded. A similar mutiny is
said to have taken place at Widdin, whither the
Pacha of Scutari is marching with 15,000 Albanians.
The measures adopted are not calculated to inspire
confilltee or avert the dangers that threatens the
capital, any more than the orders that have been
issued to fortify Adrianople, and all the provincial
cities ; for the Mussulmans are weary of the exer-
tions they have been making for so many years,
and the heavy burdens they have to bear. The
Russian columns are said RI be only six days/ march
from Adrianople, and the haste with which all the
troops coming from Asia are ordered to the second
capital of the empire shows the reality of the danger.
Many considerable families have come hither from
Adrianople. In Asia, too, affairs are in a bad con-
dition. General Paskewitsch has gained a great
battle near Erzeroum, which he is said to have
already taken. The chief of the schismatic Arme-
nians, with a Russian corps, has taken the fortress of
Van, and thus opened a large field for the operations
of the enemy, this being the chief seat of the schis-
matic Armenians. The Porte may soon have to repent
its persecutions of the faithful Catholic Armenians
on the perfidious suggestions of this sect. Tartars
are hurrying in all directions to carry orders or bring
intelligence. The Aga of the Tartars himself has
gone to Trebisond, where the Russians have at-
tempted a landing, and done much damage. A
Russian squadron is cruising at the entrance of the
Bosphorus, which the day before yesterday made a
show of entering the channel. This caused the
greatest alarm, especially as the Turkish men-of-
war made no preparations to oppose them, but with-
drew into the inner harbour. It seems that the
wind was not quite favourable, and that the Russian
Admiral waits for a more favourable moment to
alarm the unfortunate inhabitants of Constantinople.
What will be the fate of the Franks if the Russian
commanders should succeed in attacking the capital !
Despatches after despatches are sent off to Asia to
hasten the march of the reserve to Europe. The
Viceroy of Egypt is most earnestly desired to send
to the Sultan the aid which he so much needs.—
Allgenteine Zeilung, Aug. 16.
VIENNA, Auo. 11.—Metalliques, 99 7-16ths; Bank
Shares, 1135-i.
AUGUST 12.—Metalliques, 991; Bank Shares, 1,1351.
" BERLIN, AUG. 17.—The Prussian State Gazette
contains a short notice of the taking of Erzeroturi
' and Hassan Kale, on the 9th of July, with the
Seraskier, and four Pachas, and 169 cannon.
" The details are promised in a supplement to the
Petersburgh Gazette, which has not yet come to
L hand."

(Brussels Papers of the 22d of August, and the
Dutch Papers of the 19th, contain no news but such
as has been anticipated by other arrivals.)

AMERICAN PAPERS.
FROM lIAVANNAII.

" From a private letter communicated to us by a
commercial friend, we make the following extracts:—
" On the sth and 6th inst. the long-talked-of ex-
pedition to Mexico departed hence, consisting of
above 3,000 effective men, carried by seven trans.
ports (hired American vessels principally), and ac-
companied by one 74, two large frigates, two large
brigs, and two schooners, all well equipped and re-
markably fine vessels of war. Their destination is
as yet unknown, but current report establishes it at
St. Sacrificios, near Vera Cruz. According to the
proclamation of our Governor, this force is but the
vanguard of a much larger one which is to follow
them, and is only for the object of making a lodg-
ment in the country, and of trying the temperament
of the people. The Spanish Court holds out the
fairest promises to the Mexicans, if they will but
return to their allegiance, and, as you will see from
the journals of the day, kindly consents to forget
all misdeeds; at least this is the shadow which is
thrown before their view ; but if ever the children
of I\ew Spain forget the names of Linan, Culleja,
Aredondo, and others, and place reliance. in
Punic faith, they may rest assured that
they will be no sooner enthralled than made
to remember they are the vassals of a monarch who
rules with an iron rod, and who it was sanctioned
that memorable proclamation of the Cortes of the
10th of April, 1813, that it was derogatory to the
majesty and dignity of the National Congress to
confirm a capitulation made with malignant insur-
'gents.' Strictures laid aside, it has long been the
darling hope of Ferdinand, that the time would yet
come when he should regain his lost colonies of
New Spain, although some of his counsellors and
the intelligent men of his country have for a length
of time doubted it. When, therefore, one of the
most accomplished courtiers of the Spanish realm
had the temerity to propose an expedition so deci-
dedly consonant with the wishes of his Majesty, you
may be sure the thing was immediately authorised,
though in opposition not only to the opinions of
most of the influential men about him, but particu-
larly obnoxious to those of this island. Our Go-
vernor and Intendant both very wisely disapproved
of it. However, General Barradas, the commander
of the forces, has gained his object, and, with the
royal mandate in his pocket, all our authorities must
submit to him. The preceding then, by inference,
proves to me, that no measures have previously been
concerted of winning the Mexicans from their alle-
giance to their republic but money, or offers of
power; and the hope, therefore, which Barradas
may entertain of success cannt be based but npon
the effect his lenient proclamation may have upon
their minds, aided by conciliatory force,' at a tune
when he supposes the sons of New Spain, sick of
the experiment they have had of republicanism,
and disposed to any change which may give or pro-
mise them security of property and order in govern-
ment, the former hold by a very slight tenure now,
the latter unknown."
