having, by his continued labours for twelve years,
achieved some success; and we hope his exertions wilt
speedily be crowned with a complete victory. On a
future day, when our space permits, we shall insert
the Dedication, and perhaps some passages from the
Appendix.

On the exclusion of the appropriation principle
from the Irish Tithe Bill .Sir CHARLES STYLE
makes some severe remarks ; he does not, however,
forget to state what many persons consider a justifica-
tion of the QUEEN'S Ministers, in the course which
they pursued in that question, viz., the concurrence of
three-fourths of the Irish Members in the policy of
the measure.

After alluding to the probable consequences of the re-
turn of the Tories to power, which could not fail to
be, in numberless respects, extremely prejudicial to
the cause of Reform, the Honourable Baronet con-
cluded his address amid the loudest, cheers. The fol-
lowing resolution was then passed with acclamation,
" That this meeting expresses its satisfaction with the
services of Sir CHARLES STYLE, Bart., during the
past session of Parliament, and feel 3 assured that his
Parliamentary and public conduct will confirm!, to be
such as to entitle him to the confidence and support of
the burgesses of Scarborough."

The second communication from our Correspondent
at Manchester to-day spews that the arrest of
Mr. STEPHENS is made a means of stirring
up the people. The excitement on this sub-
ject, we are assured, is only beginning, while the
name chosen for the Committee formed by Mr. FEAR-
GUS O'CoNNoit and his friends, "the Committee of
Public Safety," is of ominous import.

When Government, towards the close of last session,
modified their plan for the carriage of the mail by
railroads, yielding, perhaps properly, at the time, to
the outcry raised by interested parties against such
an invasion of private property, but still more
to the apathy—if not the corruption, of the
Members of the Legislature, we were not dis-
appointed at the result, because we saw that at
no distant day, a general and not a partial mea-
sure, would be required to controul the pretensions and
regulations of the Boards of Directors. Since that
period the public have been wonderfully enlightened
on the subject. Scarcely a day passes without com-
plaints from various quarters of the inconvenience to
which passengers are subjected by the regulations
of the Directors, or the negligence, insubordination,
or insolence of their servants. Newspapers and periodicals
both monthly and quarterly now take up the subject.
and there seems to be a universal fear that unless the
Legislature take some speedy steps to correct the evils
which it has created, the public will be entirely at the
mercy of a few Boards of Railway Directors. In des-
potic States the evil has been met at once. Austria,
Prussia, and Russia have made ample provision
for the benefit of the people, as well as for the
convenience and interests of the various public depart_
ments, while in England and America, the only two
great States in the world where freedom exists, time
Government and the public at large are hampered am]
controlled by a few irresponsible individuals. The
PRESIDENT of the United States complains that the
laws relative to the transportation of the mails are' not
adequate to that service, now become almost essen-
tial to the public service, and at the same time
protect the department from combinations and un-
reasonable demands." In an article on railroads in
the Quarterly Review the.writer goes still further,
attributes all the evil to the corruption of Members of the
Legislature, and looks forward, unless the Government
interiere, to the time when a fanatical or Jewish
Board of Directors may close the high road,
as suits their caprice, on a Saturday, or on
a Sunday. This is no imaginary evil, for not long ago
a motion was made at a certain Board of Railway
Directors, and it was strongly supported, to stop all
the trains on the Sabbath. Who, in fact, is safe
against the freaks of the AGNEws, and PLUMPTRES,
and the men and women that attack the QUEEN for
walking among her subjects on the Lord's Day,
unless the Legislature take the power out of their
hands. No one wishes to deprive these Companies
of their private property. On the contrary, they
merit, and will obtain, ample remuneration for their
great and hazardous enterprises, but the railroad high-
way must be made the QUEEN'S highway, and be open at
every hour, and on every day, for the benefit of the
great body of the community, on which principle alone
all these hailway Bills have been passed. That is a
principle which never can be lost sight of, whether in
legislating on Railways already made or on those to
come.

The electors of Scarborough have had a meeting
for the purpose of affording the Member for that
borough, Sir CHARLES STYLE, an opportunity o
addressing his constituents. The attendance was
numerous, as was to be expected on an occasion of so
much interest. Sir CHARLES, in a spirited address,
commented upon the transactions of the last Session
of Parliament, stating his own share in them, and the
course he intended to pursue on the questions that are
likely to become the subject of Parliamentary discus-
cussion in the approaching Session.
We are glad to see the practice of rendering an
account of their stewardship coming into vogue among
the representatives of the people. An annual reckoning
has, to a certain extent, the effect of short Parliaments.
It keeps up in the mind of the representative a sense of
his responsibility to the represented, which a seven
years' tenure of the office is but too apt to efface.
Until, therefore, the duration of Parliaments be short-
ened—be reduced to what it was before, at and after
the Revolution, namely, three years, constituencies
will do well to insist upon an annual conference with
the person to whose care they have confided their most
important political interests.
There would be nothing formidable to the represen-
tative in such meetings, were every one as well pre-
pared as Sir CHARLES STYLE. The Honourable
Gentleman has been exemplary in his attendance on
his Parliamentary duties, having been present at 178
divisions, and can proudly tell his constituents that
every one of his votes has been " dictated by a desire
to promote the cause of Constitutional Reform, and
give extension to the principles of civil and religious
freedom." He declares in favour of the Ballot, Short
Parliaments, and an Extension of the Suffrage, justly
scouting the notions of the " finality" men, and standing
up for those changes in the Reform Bill which are ne-
cessary to make it " an instrument for obtaining and
securing good government for the people." On the
Canada question, Sir CHARLES always voted with Mi-
nisters, because he looked upon that revolt " as one of
the most unjustifiable acts of rebellion in which an igno-
rant people, at the instigation of unprincipled leaders,
had ever been engaged." This is the true character
of the Canadian insurrection, which has been, and
still is, entirely misunderstood by many superficial or
ill-informed persons, who cannot, or will not, see the
least difference between it and the great American
outbreak, though the object of the latter was to throw
off the chains of slavery imposed by the mother country,
that of the former to afford an opportunity to one part
of the population to oppress, and tyrannize over, the
other.

The Paris Papers of Monday have arrived with let-
ters from Madrid of the 24th ult. Their Contents are
of little interest. On Sunday evening, the King Of
the FRENCH received the address of the Chamber
of Peers, to which his MAJESTY returned a gracious
answer. From Madrid we learn that Senor PEREZ DE
CASTRO, the Spanish Ambassador at the Court of
Lisbon, has accepted the Presidency of the Council.
The Sultan has sent a diamond snuff-box to Admi-
ral STOPFORD, as a mark of his Highness's sense of
the services rendered by the Gallant Admiral to the
Turkish fleet.

31 A N C LI ESTE It.

MAN CHESTER-YESTERDAY.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
Contrary to the expectation of many persons in authority
sere, the day has hitherto passed over without the slightest
appearance of riot. At an early hour great crowds were
observed pouring into the town from the various surrounding
districts, under the impression that the further examin ition of
the Rev. Mr. Stephens would take place, as had been in the
first instance arranged by the Magistrates. At ten o'clock
several thousands had assembled in front of the New Bailey,
but the information was quickly circulated that the proceedings
had been postponed till Thursday, and the crowd gradually
dispersed. Vast numbers, however, continued to arrive in
the course of the day, and although at no subsequent period
were there more than two or three hundred persons on the
bridge and in front of the building, a continued stream of
human beings flowed towards and from that part of the town
up to the hour at which I write (5 o'clock, p.m.) The great
bulk of these appeared to be operatives, but I did not observe
a single bludgeon, stick, or other offensive weapon in the
hands of the many thousands that passed me during the day.
Mr. Feargus O'Connor arrived this morning by the early
train from London, and put himself in immediate communica-
tion with the leaders of the Chartist party here, in order to
concert the measures to be taken by the friends of Mr. Ste-
phens. I understand that a meeting of the Delegates from
various manufacturing districts took place to-day at Ashton,
but what the result of their deliberations has been has not yet
transpired. It is understood, however, that the delegates will
assemble here to-night, or in the course of to-morrow, and
that a " Committee of Safety" will be appointed to sit from
day to day until the final determination of the authorities with
respect to their leader is known.
Most of the shops in the principal streets have been par-
tially closed during the day, but as this has been the custom
time immemorial in the manufacturing districts, New Year's
Day being high holiday with all the working classes, the cir-
cumstance excites no attention. A troop of the Queen's
Bays, with drawn sabres, has been rather ostentatiously parad-
ing the streets from an early hour; the horses appeared jaded
and broken down, as if from unusually severe duty. The
86th Foot, stationed at Stockport, have received orders to
hold themselves in readiness at a moment's notice, and apps
rently nothing has been left undone on the part of the local
authorities to exhibit so imposing a display of force as might
be calculated to intimidate the people should any popular out-
break be meditated. So far a 3 my observation has hitherto
gone, nothing of the kind has been contemplated, or even sug-
gested.
Mr. Stephens addressed his flock at Ashton on Sunday
evening, and so great was the crowd assembled long before
the hour for commencing the lecture, than an adjournment to
the Market-place took place, where the Rev. Gentleman,
from a waggon, spoke for a considerable time in a very fervid
and impassioned strain, but without any allusion to the position
in which he himself was placed. His denunc'ation of the Poore
law Bill, I am told, was most powerful and effective, and
some statements were made by him relative to this measure
which were most astounding and incredible. I hope to be able
to send you an outline of his address for to-morro ir's Paper.
The following (Monday) evening, he delivered a farewell
address to his flock at Hyde, and since then he has remained
at his residence at Dukinfield, near Ashton. The town is fast
emptying of its extraordinary influx of visitors. Not a single
drunken man have I seen in the streets to-day, and in fact the
excitement is apparently less than on any similar saint's day
for many years past.
Should anything important transpire in the course of the
evening, I shall forward it in time for a second edition.

BY EXPRESS.

MANCHESTER POLITICAL UNION

MANCHESTER, LAST NIGHT (TUESDAY),
A meeting of the Council of the Political Union of Man-
chester took place this evening at the Mitre Hotel, for the
purpose of devising the best means of supporting their
champion, Mr. Stephens.
At half-past seven Mr. HEYwoou was unanimously
called to the Chair.

Mr. FeAnnus O'CONNoR came forward, and said he felt
great pleasure in addressing the honest working men of
Manchester. Their friend, Mr. Stephens, had been made
the subject of Whig prosecution : it mattered not whether
it originated with the Government or its subordinate
agents. He (Mr. O'C-) had lately addressed a letter to
the men of Wigan, which was also read to the men of
Leith, pointing out that no protection existed in the ele-
ments of the law, as at present constituted, for the protec-
tion of those who advocated the interests of the working.
classes ; and that their best defence was in the muscles and
sinews of the people.—(Loud cheers.) On the present
occasion Mr. Stephens bad been laid hold of, and he trusted,
that through the exertions of the people, he would be made
an honourable instrument to promote the cause of Radi-
calism and independence. If they succeeded on this
occasion against:Mr. Stephens, they would put down the
present movement of the working classes. It de-
pended upon the support which Mr. Stephens re-
ceived whether he would be offered up as a victim or not.
Mr. Stephens was neither a Whig, a Radical, nor a Tory,
and that was one of the reasons why they all admired him.
Although he did not belong to their party, the Radicals,
he admired their principles so much that he was one of
their best friends and advocates, and he (Mr. O'Connor)
looked upon him as more valuable than ninety-nine of every
hundred Radicals. It depended now upon them whether
Mr. Kenworthy, the newly-fledged Magistrate, and his as-
sociate, another Whigling, Mr. Smith, would carry their
persecutions of Mr. Stephens to a successful termination.
It was unnecessary for him to go over the nature of the
evidence given against Mr. Stephens on the former occa-
sion, but he had no hesitation, as a barrister, in saying that
it had completely broken down.—(Cheers.) if equal justice
were dealt out to the rich and the poor—if the humble Ra-
dical were placed in the same position as the truculent
Whig—if the Magistrates were appointed by the will of the
people, to deal out justice to the whole people, they would
have at once discharged Mr. Stephens, and passed a vote
of censure upon the persons who had put them to the
trouble of hearing it. The Government, seeing the excite-
ment and indignation the affair bad caused, were now
throwing the onus of the arrest on the County Magistrates,
and on that Manchester buoy, John Edward Taylor ; he did
not moan the boy as the emblem of youth and innocence,
but the great inflated thing, whose head could not be
discovered from its heels which enabled vessels to find nut
the right channel.--(Great laughter.) That lying fellow
it was who had brought the Government into its present
awkward position. They had now laid their hands upon
Mr. Stephens—they believed that terror had been struck
into the camp of the Radicals, and that they would be
able to make a martyr of him.—(Loud cries of " Never.")
If agitation was good for anyth.ng, now was the time to
organize it as systematically as Daniel O'Connell himself
when drawing the pence of the poor into his pocket.
With that view he hoped and trusted the people would
attend Mr. Stephens on the day of his trial without any
arms or warlike instruments, or without any banners or
music, but firm collected, and united.—(Loud cheers.)
He hoped as they had given many days to tyranny and
oppression, they would give one day to virtue and justice.
He would propose to them the establishment of a Provi-
sional Committee to sit constantly and send forth ad-
dresses to every Radical Association throughout
the Kingdom, and to produce such an organiza-
tion, as that all the Unions would be ready to act
upon the instructions sent forth to them. Unless some
protection was extended to Mr. Stephens, he would inevi-
tably be sacrificed. Unless they showed the Magistrates
that the power and determination of the people was superior
to bad laws, their friend would be sacrificed. If they
wanted to know the value of public opinion, let them
look at the law of libel, of treason, or of sedi-
ti ; they would find that prosecutions which were sustained
forty years ago, would not now be listened to, or suffered.
Why was that ? Was it
because their rulers were more
loth to oppress the people ? No—but because the voice
of knowledge was more powerful than themselves. If the
Government was successful in the present instance another
leader would be immediately attacked and annihilated. If
they were cowards, and determined tosurrender the present
victim, in God's name,let themsayso. He trusted the Com-
mittee to be established that night would prepare an address
which would be distributed throughout the land, and
which would induce them to show their moral and physical
force, and come in tens of thousands, on Thursday, to
support their friend.—(Cheers.) Let there be no offensive
weapons--let them bring no banners, or music, orflags—but
by their power and moral influencolet them exhibit such a front
as would make the enemies of the people
quail. There
were present reporters from The Sun and the Times news-
papers ; and with respect to The Sun, he would say that it
was the only paper which bad given a fair and impartial
report of the proceedings in London when he (Mr. O'C.)
had endeavoured to place the sentiments of Mr. Stevens
and his own in a proper light before the public. The cause
of the English Radicals was now in the hands of an aged
Whig Magistrate, and his colleague, q young puppy, who
had no more brains than there were in the wig of the most
ignorant barrister that ever entered a law Court.—
(Great laughter.) Did they, however, suppose that
the country would submit to the incarceration of Mr.
Stephens ? No, they would meet in their thousands and
tens of thoasands, while Lord Melbourne—that faded
beau—who was paying his addresses at the same time to
the young Queen and her mamma, was issuing proclama-
tions against torch-light meetings ; but, thank God,
they bad tits moo ; and if the moon denied
her light they would have thO darkness, which was
the most appropriate to those who wura suffering under
the tyranny of the Tories, and the treachery of the Whigs.
The Government had Mr. O'Connell at their back, who
had been ferreting out cases of high treason, and who had
denounced him (Mr. O'Connor), as a firebrand. He, the
bully, the beggarman, the ruffian, the vagabond, had 4ctnally
enlisted him (Air. O'C.) for a guinea, as an Irish volunteer in
. .
