arms.

" LUC i1y11,."

VIENNA, Nov. 22.—The clay before yeJerday,
the notorious robber and murderer, Grvesel, tai
taken by a well-laid plan of, the police, between.
Harn 'and Htilbron, three or four. posts fr6m this
city, and was
.V.steplay brought in here. The police
set at liberty the mistress of' Graesel, whom, Orgy
took n fong while ago, and whom a person in, tVe
service of die Police had contriVed to gain so far
that she suffered him to accompany her to
,Graesel,
who was induced to appear at the, appointed
place, where he was arrested, i!;-.22years of
age,. but does not look so old, and said to; have
fallen intogreat despondency. As a deserter, be
will be given up to a court-martial.
FROM THE MAINS,, Nov. 26.---The
_kingdom of
the _Netherlands obtains of, the, territory ceded by
France, all that *merly.made a part of the de.,
par ntents of theSaare Rod, the iVic,selle. Austria,
takes the part separated from the department of
the Lower Rhine, with .Landan ; which will,
however, be .ejtchangr7d with Bavaria for the Inr&
Piertel: the Hausruckviertal, a patt of Salzburg,
the.hailliage Vils in the Tyrol, and some other
inconsiderable. districts. Bavaria obtains Deux
'Ports, Kayerslautern, Spire, Landau (viz. the.
town, thecitadelisa fortress of the Confederation,
which Bavaria has the righ.t.to garrison) and some
other districts.. It loses 287,000 subjects, but ob-
tains 469,608 in their stead. Besides this, the Pala-
tinate is to fall to Bavaria, when the direct line of
the present Grand Doke is extinct. Darmstadt
cedes to Russia the Duchy of Westphalia.; to

Bavaria four bailliages, among which is Mellen—
berg; to WSseCassel one hailliage in all 185,000„
but it obtains 20'1,704 instead, with the cities of
nitintz titid•Wdrms and the Principality of Isen..

blirg.

TURIN, Nov. 14.—The Tunis pirates who had
. . ,
fitted out a fleet of 3 frigates, 1 corvette, I brig,
two xebecs, and seven other vessels, succeeded irk
approaching, in the morning twilight of the lfith
October, to the peninsular of St. Antioco, where
*they landed so suddenly that it was impossible to
afford any assistance in time to prevent it. The
rmlitary force at St. Antioco consisted of only 33
artillerymen; that of. the Tunesians of above
1000 men. A. brisk fire was made upOn them,
but notwithstanding the _heroic and obstinate re-
sistance made by the cannoneers and inhabitants,
above_ 100 persons* of both sexes, were carried
into slavery. After a most obstinate action, itx
wlliell the brave Commander of the Fort, Mr.
Melis, with .several others, fell, the pi-
rates hastily fled the coming up of more
troops, having lost many killed. and wound-
ed, whom they abandoned, besides those they
had carried on board, and then hastily steered
towards the African coast. One of their vessels
were sunk, and the-others had received consider.
able damage. The squadron entered Tunis in a
veryerippled:state, but the statement of their
loss at 600,goen„seems exaggerated.
LIAMBURGH, Nov. 29.—The Hamburgh Paper*
of this date contain a very long article,. entitled
" Protocol relating to the .parti;ion of the 700
