THE LAST

MEMBERS.

When the Speaker adjourned the House on Augusi
the following- Members only were present :
ENGLAND. Rice, Right Hon. T.S.—Cam.
Aglionhy, H. A.—Cockcrmouth bridge
Cobbett, William—Oldham 'Ty ntc, C. J. K.—W. Somerset
Campbell, Sir J.— Dudley Young, G. F.—Tynemouth
Evans, CoL—Westminster I
T.

Hawe;, B.—Larnbeth - SCOTLAND.
Hoskins, K.—Herefordshire Murray, J. A.—Leith, &c,
Inglis, Sir R. H.—Oxford Uni-
versity IRELAND.
Price, Sir R.—Herefordshire Blake, Martin—Galway

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY,

FROM LLOYD'S,

DEAL, AUG. 26.—Wind N.E.—Arrived the Renown,
from Mauritius—sailed 4th May. Sailed most of thz
outward bound. The General Palmer, Severn, arrived
and remains.

PoaTsmouan, Aug. :24. AND :2).-Wind N. to
E.N.E.—Arrived the Aurora, Coleman, off Oporto;
Wellington, Liddell, from London for Madras, and reports
the Madras, Beach, to be off this port. Sailed the
Kerswell, Hrswell, for the Cipe of Good Hope, and
the Duk' of Northumberland, Pope, for Bengal. Arrived,
his Majesty's steamer Firebrand, from Deptford.
Sailed the Stentor transport, for the River; and 26,
Hannibal, Hebard, for New York.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 23 AND 24.—Wind W.N.W. to
N.N.W.—Sailed, 21th, the Sheldrake packet, for S..
Domingo, Jamaica, Mexico, and Havanuah ; and the
Niehtingale packet, for the Leeward Islands. Arrived the
Lady Mary Pelham packet—sailed Itith June, Bahia i'tb
ult.

MARGATE, AUG. 25._—Arrived off port, the Tally Ho,
le.shman, from Madeira.

STANGATE CREEK, AUG. 25.—Arrived the Shep-
herdess, Turner, from Messina; Margaret, Welsh, from
Gergenti ; and Hope, Jennings, from Tarragona.
DOVER, AUG °2s.—Arrived off port the Johannes,
Swanston, from London, with damage and loss of fore-
mast, having been in contact with an English ship bound
co St. Ghee.

Cowan, AUG 2.s.—Arrived the Palladium, Pitkeshly,
from Rio Janeiro.

Torsi'Am, Auc. 24.—Arrived the Janes, Perry, from
Smyrna.

JERSEY, AUG. 23.—Arrived the Onley, Falle, from
Rio Janeiro; and the Betsy, Huden, from Bahia.
BRISTOL, AUG. 25.—Arrived the Satisfaction, from
New Brunswick, and the Eliza Jane, from Messina.
GLOSTER, AUG. 24.—Arrived the William Hill, from
Bath urst.

311L1'ottn, AuG. 24.—Arrived the Joseph Hume,
from Leghorn.

LIYERPOOL, AUG. 2 —Arrived the Perseverance,
Lanharn, from Buenos Ayres, North America, and New
York ; Richard and Ann, Smith, from Quebec ; and the
Lllen, Jenkinson, from Lisbon.

GREENOCK, AUG. 23.—Arrived the S 'Oda, Bremner,
from Halifax.

The Gordon, from the Western Islands to Liverpool,
was on shore near Blackpool on Saturday.
The Britannia, Mitchell, bound to Newfoundland, sunk
of Bardsay on the 2d of June, having run foul of the
Ajax Horn, bound to New York, only one of the crew
saved.

The Granges, Ingram, from London and the Cape to
Madras and Bengal, put into the Mauritius on the sth of
May, with loss of mainmast, &c., and much damaged,
having experienced a violent hurricane on the 17th April
in lat. 28. S. long. 52 E., and it was expected would
be condemned. She had six feet water in her hold.

The Jules, Binier, of Mauritius, was driven on shore at
Tamatore on the .loth of March, and not expected to be
got iff
The Sovereign, Chambers, from Sunderland to Hull
was driven on shote near Kilinare, on Thursday, and filled
with water.—Cargo saved in a damaged state.
The Northutnberland,Lunder, front Richetmeto, was on
shore near Shields, en Thursday, but is expected to be
got off.
The Catharine, front Halifax, was on shore near Monti
Christi, St Domingo, provisions to Sth ult., and would
be sold with her cargo.
The Liddell, Cooper, from Quebeeto Hull, grounded in
the Traverse, the 24th ult., but was got off iu a leaky state,
and would return.

The Adelaide, bound to Liverpool, and the Sarah to
'Tralee, put back to Quebec the 24,th ult., the former
with damage, having been run foul of, and the latter
having been ou shore.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.).

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Montreal Papers to the 28th of July, arid Quebec to
►he 24th of July have been received at the North and
South American Coffee-house.

(From the Montreal Papers.)

At a meeting of the coloured brethren inhabitants of
this city it was uuanimously resolved :
" I. That, as British subjects, we duly appreciate the
blessings of the Constitution under which we have the
happiness to live. _ _ .

‘; 2. That, as men and Christians, we must naturally
feel anxious that the sacred blessings we enjoy should be
extended to the habitable globe.

S. We therefore contemplate, with a strong anxiety,
the progress of the Bill which his Majesty's Ministers have
introduced into Parliament for the total abolition of
slavery in the West Indies."
(From the Quebec Papers.)

The weather `since last night has been warm, with some
rain. The reports from the country respecting the crops
are favourable.

We believe that the award to Upper Canada, of one-
third of the revenue on importations by the St. Lawrence,
cAlected in Lower Canada, is correct.

(From the American Papers.)
On the ISth of June Santa Anna published a manifesto,
in which he gives plain intimation respecting the recent
plot. Ile sap, " I have declared, in the face of the
world, that my administration shall be mild ; but treason
and perfidy shall not, on that account, escape chas-
tisement."

The Government of Rio Janeiro has suspended its
relations with the Charge d'Affairs of Donna Maria, and
will immediately recruit its military force. This affair
has given a check to business.
Accounts from Elvag, by the French mail this morning,
state that Don Miguel has given orders to assemble there
a corps of four thousand men, composed of several detach-
ments in the Beira and th,. Alemtejo : they are to be in
garrison there, and to make a diversion in the Algarves
and in Estramadura.
THE FUNDS.

Contrary to expectation, we have no direct arrivals from
Portugal as yet, but we are supplied with some reports
from the bin tiers of Spain, that Dan Miguel's army, on its
march to Lisbon, was disbanded. This account, as yet,
we cannot believe. Bourniont is not a man to disband
armies before he measures his sword with them; and be-
sides, so important au event would have been sent direct
by the steamers. The King of Spain's death being near,
si,,,eari confirmed by private letters.
CoriNols opened heavy at Sti. to for Account. Foreign
Securities arc also heavy.

HALF-PAST ONE.

We are credibly informed that accounts were received
by the Pantaloon that Fort Saint Julien, in the
Taus, has been taken possession off by the English ma-
rine., and that Donna Ahria's flag, with that of the
English, was hoisted on the fort.
We understand that the Dutch conference on Saturday
evening was adjourned sine dic.
Up to the present hour we have no fresh arrivals from
Portugal.
The thuds have been very heavy the whole of the
morning, at Stia for the Account; at present they are
881 buyers, with very little business doing.
The Foreign Market has been in the same state as that
of the British.

Portuguese Scrip has been dune at 191 premium ; it is
now 20:19.
-
At Rio Janeiro the Stock lowered 7 per cent. Ex-
change 371.

THREEO'CLOCK.
Comola for the Account, 881.

The number of shares at present subscribed
for in the projected Bristol and London railway is 633.
WIFE AND No WIFE.—A few days ago a
simple-looking couple from Rochdale went to 'Middleton to
be united in the holy bands of matrimony. They called
at the Old Boar's Head Inn, where they met with some
wags, who toll them that they might be married there by
a license, without going to the church. A pretended
license was produced, for which the bride paid down
I/. .ss. A sham ceremony was then performed by a
horse jockey ; an old pensioner officiated as clerk ; and
an ostler gave away the happy and blushing bride. After
the ceremony was over, a quantity of rum and ale was
drunk ; and the worthy pair, conceiving that they were
firmly rivetted with Hymen's chains, returned to Roch•
dale. They lived as man and wife until Thursday last,
when the hoax being discovered, they were compelled to
subscribe to a separation from hod and board.— Halifax
Express.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE,

PLYMOUTH RACES, AUG. 21.

The Races, it was said, were to have been honoured by
the eresenc, of his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex,
whose sojourn at Si!tram, the seat of Earl Morley, is an
event of annual anticipation as well as of disappointment
This expectation, together with Cook and Meadows' bill
of fare at the Theatre Royal, and the promised ascent of
Graham in his coronation balloon, produced an extraordi-
nary addition to the usual number of visitors. Excellent
racing, capital horses, and fine weather, have thrown a
complete h irmnny over the festivities of the week, inso-
much, as that the balls, dinners, and concerts, have all had
full attendance without depriving the theatre of highly
respectable audiences. From various causes the ascent of
Graham is now postponed to Tuesday next. The race-
ground is called Chelson Meadow, a spot of laud redeemed
from the sea by an embankment, which forms a long side
of a triangle. the other two bring formed by the:planta•
tions of the Earl of Morley. Its peculiar situation affords
every spectator an excellent view of the whole course,
which is rather more than two miles in circuit.
The Stakes were contested as follow :
Saltram Stakes, 25 says. each. (43 Subs.)
Mr. Biggs's Little Red Rover, 6 yrs
Mr. Coryton's Frederica, 5 yrs
Mr. Taunton's Wallflower, 4 yrs
Captain Maxwell's Cliattams 4
• -- - _

The racing was between Red Rover and Frederica.
Rover won by the superior jockeyship of D iy.-50 to 40
on Frederica a short distance from the starting post.
Produce Stake of !.?;..i soya. each, 15 ft. Heat one mile.
Mr. C. Trelawney's Reveller, 3 yrs
Mr. Taunton's Romer
A good race. Won by a length.
A sweepstakes of 10 soya. each, with a Plate of 1001.
given by the Town of Plymouth. Second horse to save
his stake. Heats two miles.
Mr. Biggs's Little Red Rover, 6 yrs I I
Mr. Taunton's Firman, 6 yrs " dr
Mr. Stanley's Cinderella, 5 yrs dr
Firman lost by a head only.
_ .

A Plate of ;40 sovs. given by the Officers of the United
Services at Plymouth and Devonport. The bst of
three heats. Once round the course.
Mr. Osbaldiston's Lady Elizabeth, 5 yrs. I I
Sir L. Glynn's Louisa, 4 yrs '2 dr
Another horse started. Lady Elizabeth won easy..

This concluded the first day's sport, when the fashion-
shies moved off, leaving the gri,und to the fanciers of
donkey balancing, throwing for boxes. &c. &c. The or-
dinary at Elliot's Royal Hotel, Devor.p.4t, was honoured
by the attendance of 30 of the most distinguished sporting
characters of the west, Sir W. Call, Bart , in the chair,
supported by Earl Morley and Sir W. Molesworth, M.P.,
the other end of the table being occupied by Sir J. T.
Buller, Bart. The ball at Elliot's exhibited a most
fashionablNand gay concourse of our principal gentry.
SECOND Dar.—Sweepstakes of 5 sous each, with a Plate
of v 0 sous. added by the Ladies.
Mr. Taunton's Firman, 6 yrs 1 1
Mr. Dickensen's Wallflower, 4 yrs
Mr. Ley's The Hermit, 4 yrs

A Gold Cup, value 100 R.., given by his Al ijesty. He its

twice round the course.
Mr. Osbaldiston's Lady Elizabeth walked over.

A Plate of 50 save.. give❑ by the Duke of Sussex. Mile

- heats.
Mr. C. Trelawny's Land's End, 3 yrs 5 1 1
Mr. Osbaldiston's Lady Elizabeth 1 2 dr
Mr. It. Nattle's Gnostic, 4 yrs
Lord Morley's Alinaviva, 6 yrs
Mr. Carlisle's Lady Lydia, 6 yrs 4 5 2
This race was contested to the uttermost.

The ordinary and hall at the Plymouth Royal Hotel,
this day, was fully attended, and most ably supported. A
•ast number of newly arrived visiters gracing the latter, at
which there were it less than 3bo of the higher classes
assembled.

TIIIUD DAV.—A Handicap Plate of 100 sove. given by
the Towns of Devonport and Stonehouse.
Mr. Osbaldiston's Lady Elizabeth
Mr. Brown's Wallflower, 4 yrs c' dr
Mr. C. Trelawney's Lands End, 3 yrs :3 '2
Mr. Taunton's Coronet, aged

Two other horses started. Lady Dizabeth was the
favourite all through, and won without a struggle.
A Sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 20 added by the
Members for the Southern Division, and 5 from the
fund, fur horses not thorough bred. Once round the
course. Gentlemen riders.
Mr. Dryne's Chattams, 5 yrs
Mr. J. Kinsland's Chillaton, 5' yrs
Mr. W. Nattle's Edgar, aged
Mr. S. Trelawney's Toad, 5 ;rs

Captain Maxwell rode the winning horse in superb stile.
3.1 r. Nattles' riding on Edgar was equally good. The
Gentlemen joci,eysliip always produces much gratification
on this course.

Sweepstakes of J Km. each, withJU added from the

fund, for the beaten horses. Mile heats.
Mr. Taunton's Coronet, aged
Mr. It. Nattle's Gnostic, 4 yrs 2
Mr. Carlisle's Lady Lydia, 6 yrs
Mr. Dickenson's Wallflower, 4 yr•

Coronet had the best from the beginning of the race ;
in the second, however, the racing was clever, and for
some moments, in crossing the buttons of the course, the
showed hut one profile. _ _

A 2.0 gs. piece of Plate, with a Sweepstakes of 2 save.
each, for hacks, was contested for by five horses and won
by Mr. Nattle's Edgar.

This concluded the racc,i.

The stewards, Sir W. Cull and Sir J. 'l'. Buller, pa-
tronized the perfot Llamas at the theatre, which were well
supported.
Sir W. Molesworth, Bart., and Mr. Lane, of Collect,
are the stewards for the next races.

It must be gra•ifyiug, indeed, to Lord Morley to witness
the full accomplishment of his wishes as respects the per-
fect establishment of the Plymouth race course, the sup-
porters of which have baffled all the attempts, open and
covert, to force it down.

The regatta this season failed in some respects from un-
toward events—uncontroulsble circumstances. A remedy
for the future is pledged by its conductors. The inhabi-
tants and the visiters of the Plymouth awl Devouport Re-
gatta and Races, ard.ntly desire to be honoured with the
personal patronage of their Royal Highnesses in the case
of the Regatta. That of the Duchess of Kent and the
Princess may be expected next year. It is to be hoped
that the Duke of Sussex will be on the Plymouth Race
Course in the year 183 t, to receive the homage of his
countrymen.

ARRIVALS OF GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST WEEK.
From Whence. e ;.-D- r'' P. ri E 4
r
.......-..-m---..--
Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. I Qrs. Scks
Aldborough
Arundel
Barnstaple -
Boston
Bridgwater —
Chichester
Clay — -- 100
Dartmouth —
Colchester
Harwich
ro I,eigh 5:30 -- 40 45 _
'` Maldon 1035 15 110 119 118 310
Exeter
Hastings
27 --
Hull 762 60 f 112
Ipswich 192 224 832 54 t;75
Kent 541 71 10 90 258 323 182
Lynn — 125 40
New haN en
Padstow —
Poole — 260 219
Rye
Southampton
South wold .....
Stockton — - 130
Wells _ _
Weymouth
Wisbeach
Woodbridge lBl 44 16 51 125
Yarmouth ... • .... 6t35
Aberdeen — 60
Berwick
Dundee
/rverness B6 30 18
Perth — - .
———
5161 465 2907 2060 13(32 653 6517
IRBIL
Cork — 1630 50
Galway — 4482
Limerick — 4877
Londonderry
Newry —
Waterford .316
Westport — -_
Yougfiall ".) 1 3631 ---
FOREIGN.
Assens —
tray re
Kierbecksininde 31(5
NaskOw
Total

AGGREGATE
Rye, o—Tares,

QUA NI
)o—Lin.
Mus,

TITY OF OTHER
'seed, 173G—Itapese(
lard. 194—Seeds. '2o'

et4l
DS OF PULS
1, 105--Bran

ik, 0-
