PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

[From The Times.)
PARIS, Jan. 5. Five o'clock, p. m.
There are strong reports in circulation to-day,
that the Porte has accepted the Russian Ultima-
tum. I encloSe an extract of a letter from Frank-
fort, which, in addition to what is contained in
the journals of this morning, will put you in pos-
session of the only grounds of the report. Tie
adroit manner in which the peace with Persia is
made to tally with the acceptance of the Ultima-
tum would seem to point it out as a stockjobbing
invention.

The French Ministers are continuing to recruit
their ranks. M. de Chateaubriand has accepted
the situation of Ambassador to London, vacant
by_ the resignation of M. de Cazes.

In the Monitcur you will find an account of a
conspiracy in the garrison of Belfort. 'Though
much talked of, it has produced no unfavourable
effect on the funds, the quotation of which at the
close of the market stood as follows :

Five per cents., 85f. 20c. ; Bank Stock, 1520 f.,
being a considerable rise above yesterday.
'Fliepetition of Mr. Loveday* to the Chamber
of Deputies is now sold -here in the shape of a
pamphlet, and is the subject of conversation in
all companies. The Journals have of course
been prohibited from mentioning it. The Prince
of the church to whom he alludes is the Arch-
bishop of Paris. Sober-minded people of all par-
ties regret the foolish zeal of the missionaries,
as it tends te.injUre the cause of religion, and to
throw obstacleS in the way. of a more liberal
treatment of the Catholics of Ireland.

FRANKFORT, J AN. 1.-(Extract of a Letter.)
—The Papers of Vienna of the 26th of Decem-
ber do not yet speak of the acceptance of the
Russian ultimatum ; but this silence has nothing
in it astonishing, since the ❑ews arrived at Vienna
only on the night between the 25th and 26th.—
By the estafette which brought it here, we have
likewise learned that Prince Metternich had re-
ceived from Constantinople a letter which an-
nounced that the Persians had made peace with
the Porte. The Austrian Observer of the 26th
is silent about these events.

• Tlv.! English Gentleman who was mentioned in our yes-
terday's extracts from . the French Papers, as having had his
eldest daughter seduced from him by the proselyting arts of
some Catholic zealots.

Letters have been received from the Island of
Dominica, dated the 9th of November. They
contain the melancholy tidings of a dreadful
fever, that in a few days cut off three officers,
one serjeant, two corporals, 56 privates, and four
women, of his Majesty's sth regiment of foot,
out of 137 who landed there the month previous.
Only Col. Emts, Captain Kysn, Ensign WYATT,
and eleven privates were free from the attack,
all the rest being either dead, or in the hospital.
The names of the Officers who died are, Major
BISHOP, Lieutenant ARMSTRONG, and Lieutenant
EQUINO.—The companies at the station are,
Majors BISHOP, SIMCOCKES, and KYSII. Colonel
Sir C. PRATT, and the detachments of the sth at
Antigua and St. Luck, were in good health on
the 11th of November. It was reported in the
West Indies, that the 4th, sth, and 9th, are to
be replaced by the 7th, 23d, and 43d regiments.

LITERARY AND SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE.

[FROM VARIOUS SOURCES.]

CLASSICAL LITERATURE.—M. Maio, the inde-
fatigable philologist, whose labours and researches
after the lost writings of the ancients we have
occasionally noticed, has made some farther dis-
coveries. Among these are several of the mu•
tilated and lost books of Polybius, Diodorus,
Dion Cassius, some fragments of Aristotle, Epho-
rus, the historian, Titmus, Hyperides, Deme-
trius Phalerius, &c. Besides these, he has also
rescued some parts of the unknown writings of
Eunapius, Menander of Byzantium, Priscus, and
Peter the Protector. Of these valuable literary
acquisitions, the most copious and important are
the fragments of Diodorus Siculus, and Dion,
which contain a succinct recital of many of the
wars of Rome, and a narrative of the Punic,
Social, and Macedonian Wars ; likewise of those
of Epirus, Syria, Gaul, Spain, Portugal, and
Persia. lie has also discovered several writings
of the Greek and Latin Fathers prior to St. Je-
rome, and other interesting fragments, all which it
is his intention to publish.
BARDIC SOCIETY.—The gentlemen of Brecon-
shire are warmly disposed to aid in the forma-
tion of a Bardic Literary Society for that dis-
trict of the Principality, preparatory to the hold-
ing of an Eisteddfod, or Congress of the Bards,
next autumn, at that place. Steps will soon be
taken towards fixing the day for a general meet-
ing.

tYMMRODORION.—MedaIs have been offered
by the Cymmrodorion in London for the two best
Essays in Welsh, from the principal Grammar
Schools of North and South Wales, one medal for
each division, on Patriotism.—" Groladgartoch."
ORNITHOLOGY.---The grey phalarope was
lately shot in Lancashire Tringa Lobata,"
Linnaeus.) This curious and beautiful bird is a
native of Europe, Asia, and America, but has
been seldom met with in the British Isles. Be-
wick mentions four only having been seen by
naturalists in the last century.
IlisToay.— Some very extraordinary 'docu-
ments respecting the latter days of King Charles
have, it is said, been lately found among the
records in the Herald's College.
SCULPTURE.—The Imhoffs (father and son) of
Cologne, have recently finished a piece of sculp-
ture of extraordinary magnitude. It is a colossal
figure, representing the Angel of Death, and is
intended to decorate the burial vault of a family
of distinction in that city. The same artists exe-
cuted the well.:known bust of M. Stein, the mini-
ster, and are now employed upon a bas-relief,
intended as a monument to his lady.
Caraova's NEW Won4.—This is a. group re-
presenting Pity. The subject having been so
often treated already, and particularly by the
celebrated Buonaroti, seemed not to have left
aught of novelty ; but Canova has discovered the
secret of making his group admired by disposi-
tions altogether new. It is composed of three
grand figures, the Virgin mourning, Jesus Christ
dead, and Saint Mary Magdalene. The profes-
sors of sculpture have agreed that there prevails
among them the most perfect harmony in the po-
sition of all their members. The figures are com-
pletely interlaced, the draperies cover them with
a grace and a natural adaptation, and the view
of the whole group is so entirely harmonious,
that it strikes with astonishment from all the
points where it is contemplated.
PORTRAIT OF L tue.a.—The Gazette of Bo-
logna announces that the original portrait of
Laura, by Simone Memini, has been discovered.
"Tile most authentic documents prove that the
portrait engraved and published by Morghen, is
ideal, or at least that of another Laura, who
lived in 1500, that is to say, nearly two centuries
after the death of her whom the love and the
verses of Petrarch have rendered so celebrated."
BURNS.--To such a length has the mania
for the relics of Burns been carried in the neigh-
bourhood -of Ayr, that, since the venerable raf-
ters of Alloway Kirk have been metamorphosed
into chairs and snuff-boxes, some sacrilegious en-
thusiasts have actually laid violent hands on the
tombstone of the poet's father, which is disap-
pearing by piece-meal.
ORIGIN QF MUSIC AND THE LYRE.—The
Hermes, or Mercury of the Egyptians, surnamed
Trismogistus, or Thrice Illustrious, who w as, ac-
-cording to Newton, the secretary to Osiris, is
reported to have been the inventor of Music, ac-
cording to Apollodorus, under the following cir-
cumstances :—The Nile having overflowed its
banks,and-inundated the whole country of Egypt,
on its return to its customary bounds, left on the
shores various dead animals, and among the rest
a tortoise, the flesh of which being dried and
roasted by the sun, nothing remained within the
shells but nerves and cartilages, and these being
tightened and contracted by the drying heat,
became sonorous. Mercury, walking along the
banks of the river, happened to strike his foot
against this shell, and was so pleased with the
sound produced, that the idea of the Lyre sug-
gested itself to hisimaghation. The first instru-
ment he constructed was in the form of the tor-
toise, and was strung with the dried sinews of
dead animals. There is something beautiful in
this allegory, which leads us into a concep-
tion of the energetic powers of the human mind
in the early ages of the world, thus directed
to a discovery of the capabilities of Nature' by-
the fingers of Omnipotence in the form of ac-
cidents.

ON THE PHOSPHORESCENCE OF THE LAMPYRIS
NOCTILUCA AND SPLENDIDULA.—In a curious
paper on the phosphorescence of the lampyris
noctiluca and splenddula, published in the

44 Bibliiitheque Unii‘erselle,,".for May IS2I, p. 5A2,
M. MaCaire has drawn the following conclusions
from numerous observations ;-1: A certain de-
gree of healt-is necessary to the voluntary phos-
phorestiencebf these anintqlog---/. Their phos-
phorescepce is excited by..a.degree of heat stipe-
rior to the first, and is irrecoverably destroyed by
a higher temperature.-3. All bodies capable of
coagulating albumen, take away from phosphoris-
ing matter its power of phosphorescence.-4. The
phosphorescence cannot take place but in a gas
which contains oxygen.-5. It is excited by the• •
galvanic pile; but no effect is produced on it by
electricity.-6. The phosphorescent matter is
composed principally of albumen.
LOCKE.—A workmen erriployed in removing
the foundation .of an old house- near Montpelier,
found a glass bottle hermetically sealed ; it was
found to contain, in ansexcellent state of preset--
vation, the following Latin inscription on vel-:
lum :—Mortalis! In thesanros incidista in
Christ() FIDES,
.rebus in humanis MoDus patent.'
Ampulla nec vacua, nec vilis, our animo hilari-
tatern, corpori salutem, alfert. Ex hac im-
bibe, et haustnm, vino vel Falerno vel Chio,
gratiorem hauries. Scripsit -Johannes Locke,
Anglus ; A.D. 1675.

The following is a translation:--Mortal! thou
hast found a treasure! Here are placed before
you, FAITII in Christ and MODERATION in things
terrestrial. The bottle is neither empty, nor of
little worth, which affords cheerfulness to the
mind, and health to the body. Quaff of this, and
thou shalt imbibe what is more precious than the
juice of Falernum or Chios. So wrote John
Locke, Englishman, in the year of our Lord 1675.
NATURAL lIISTORY.—The Jardin du Roi has
recently received some very important additions,
consisting principally of living plants collected
in Asia, Africa, and America,. by M. Perrottet,
in 1819, 1820, and 1821, with the expedition
commanded by Captain Philibert. M. Perrot-
tet left Cayenne in June 1821, and arrived sat
Havre in July. The collection is the most con-
siderable ever introduced into France by any
single expedition. It consists of 81 cases, con-
taining 600 living plants in,the very best order,
many of them very rare, and some hitherto un-
known ; two cases containing stratified seeds in
earth, and in a state of germination ; 300 bags of
seeds of various kinds ; seven cases of dry plants
for the herbal ; 26 glasses of fruits preserved in
liquor ; and finally, numerous cases of animals,
birds and minerals. M. Perrottet has proved
that plants may be kept in a state of vegetation
on board ship for a year.

AFRICA.—A remarkable animal has been dis-
covered in South Africa, by the Rev. JOEN
CAMPBELL, of the London Missionary Society.
The Hottentots who shot the creature never-
having seen or heard of an animal with a horn of
so great a length, they cut off its head, and
brought it bleeding on the back of an ox to Mr.
CAMPBELL. Mr. C. would gladly have trans-
ported the whole of it with him to Europe ; but.
its great weight, and the distance of the spot (the
city of Mashow) from Cape Town (about
1`?00 miles,) determined him to reduce it
by cutting off the tinder-jaw. The head Mei—
sured from the ears to the nose three feet ;
the length of the horn, which is nearly
black, is also three feet, projecting cram 'the
forehead about 'ten inches above the nose.—
There is a small horny projection of a conical
shape, measuring about eight inches, immediately
behind the great horn, apparently designed for
keeping fast or steady whatever is penetrated by-.
the great horn. This projectiort•is scarcely ob-
served at a little distance. The animal is not
carnivorous, but chiefly feeds on grass and bustles.
It is well known in the kingdom of Mashow, the
natives of which make from the great horn handles
for their battle axes. The animal appears to be
a species of rhinoceros ; but judging from the
size of its head, it must have been much larger
than the rhinoceros of South Africa, which has'a
larger crooked horo, nearly resembling the shape
of a cock's spur, pointing backward, and a short
one .of the same form immediately behind it.
Mr. CAMPBELL was very desirous to obtain as
adequate an idea as possible of the bulk of the
animal killed near Mashow, and with this view
questioned his Hottentots, who described it as
being much larger than the rhinoceros, and equal
in size to three oxen, or four horses.
STATE OF RELIGION- IN lONA DURING THE SIXTH
.CEivrußY.—Of the schools or seminaries, no one existed more
famous fin. the study of the Holy Scriptures than lona,- or
lcolmkill, in the Hebrides, founded by Columba, who was
born at (iartan in Tyrconnel, Ireland, A. D. 521. About the
year 550, he founded the great monastery of Dair-Magh, now
Durrogh, in King's County ; and afterwards went as a Mis-
sionary to the Highlands, landed from his hide and wicker
boat at lona, and most successfully propagated the Gospel
among the Picts and Scots. His followers were called Culdees
or Keldees, the etymology of which is very doubtful, but which
is supposed to imply servants or worshippers of God. Columba
himself was not only eminent as a religious man, but distin-
guished for his knowledge of physic, and general science and
literature. Ile died at the foot of the altar, Arno 597, in the
77th year of his age, and was unquestionably one of the great-
est and best men of his era. Baithen' his cousin and successor
as Abbot of lona, was also celebrated for his learning; and his
monastery continued to be. famous, as a seat of instruction, till'
the ninth century, when the Danes disledged the Monks. It
is lamentable to think that most of the inestimable MSS. pre-
served there, were probably destroyed at the Reformation ;
though others are supposed to have been carried to the Scotch
College, at Douay. The ruins are still very fine, and many a
Scottish Monarch sleeps below.
Lottlt CLARENDO,N—Giving this eminent his-
torian every merit. due to great wisdom and saga-
city, yet we cannot suppose that all his finely-
drawn characters can be exact likenesses. lit
painting the outward form of,a man, great exact-
ness may be obtained, as taking a likeness is not
the most difficult part of painting ; but drawing
the internr.l part of a man, his sentiments,
position, motives of action, &C. 'Must
.be in a
great measure fancy and conjecture',. eveu in the
hands of a Clarendon or a Tacitus.

FOREIGN INTELLIG ENCE.

JAN-. 5 —The .lying, recoitvf4 41
e'yht o'clock iti the evetting-the day before yes.

terday.

.
A Royal Ordinance,of the 3d, instant, appoints
Vati:nesuil, the deputy of .the. Attorney-G6.
neral in the. Royal Court of Paris, to be Secre-
tary-General of the Ministry of Justice.
ReCent letters from Srny rna, which arrived at
Marseiires ou the -'2Bth pecember, announce fresh
disasters.' It is asserted that in consequence of an
al:ercation betwekt 3 Turks and 2 Austrians, in
which the Austrians, in theirs own defence,
killed one Turk and wounded another, a
general massacre ensued. The Turks, to avenge
the death of their countryman, flew to arms,
and paraded thro'ugh the streets, murdering
all who were not Mahometans. The ships
cruizing before the town immediately sent
their boats on shore to bring off the Consuls of
the different nations whose lives w ere menaced,
as well as sell the other, unfortunates who fled
from the fury of the armed populace. It is said
that 1000 Greeks PeOshed on this occasion, and
also many Ira s,. but the numbyrs have not been

ascertaiued..
The Gazeite Of 'Augsburg. anooonces, that, ac-
cording to accounts from Corfu of the 18th No-
- N ember, and 3d December, the Suliotes and Al-
banians have, at the instigation of All Pacha,
buried their animosities and sennitted to the
Greek Regency at Miisolongi; that with the
exception of Coron, all the strong' places in
the -YelopOnnesus were in the hands of the Greeks;
that 'Arta 'had also surrendered ; and that in
general the affairs. of Greece were very prosper-
ous in the Peloponnesus; Epirus, Thessaly, and
•at Cassandra.. - ' • •: ° -
Criminal- plots have been hatched in the
garrison of Belfort. The conspiracy was to
take effect on the 2d of January, and the
three-coloured cockade was to be mounted.—
.
. • The King's Lieutenant having received in-
formation of the design, drew out, under arms,
the battalion of. the 29th regiment-of the line,
which forms the garrison of the place, and pro-
ceeded immediately to the barracks to arrest an
adjutant sub-officer,-who was pointed out as one
of the principal agents of this criminal intrigue.
-Brae, Pegulu, Desbordes, and Delacombe, who
figured in the conspiracy of the 19th of August,
1820, were also arrested at the moment when
they commenced their flight from the town. The
guarding of these four prisOners*as provisionally
intrusted to the officer •.who commanded the
neighbouring post.; but soon after this officer
- himself fled along with his prisoners. Three
• other officers have also disappeared. One of the
individuals arrested pies-the bearer of five packets
of cartouches. On arriving at one of the squares
of the town, the King's Lieutenant fell in.with a
numerous group, which dispersed on his approach,
but from the midst of which a pistol-shot was
••• fired, • which struck him in the 'breast. The
'cross of St. -Louis with which this officer was
• decorated. resisted the effect of the ball, and it is
hoped that the wound will not be mortal. The
soldiers -have manifested the greatest indignation.
Order was completely restored long before the
- departure of the courier. The General corn-
mending the department, the Attorney-General, I
and the. Captain of Gendarmerie, repaired- With-1
• out loss. of time to Belfort.-Glioniteur.)
An epidemic malady appeared eliont the
IBth of December last at the Royal Military
School of. St. Cyr. The Lieutenant-General
Commandant of the School caused the most a3si-
. dimus attention to be paid to the young patients
by the. medical officers of.the establishment. He
-also .sent: for Herminier, first:physican -of La
•• Charite, and consulting physician of the school,
and M. Bourdois, physiCian to the I.;:)itans de
- France, who approved the treatment which had
-,previously been followed, As soon as the Mi-
nisterof ..War was made acquainted with what
..tad :occurred at St; Cyr, his .Excellency sent
thither:the Baron Desgenettes, InSPector-Gene-
of the SerVive of Health, who, in-concert with
'M. Lernazurier, physician.of the school, visited
the sick of. the establishment. with the most scru-
...: pulons-attention. .
;It -restilts from the reports made to the Mi-
. Lister of :War that the malady which prevails in
,„the Military School is an inflammatory fever,
. combined in some individuals with an ataxic cha-
rii.cter, .':11t is in no respect contagious.
Frofessidnal ment have irecognized that this
•• epidemy has been occasioned by-tlie humid and'
warm
_temperature of the atmosphere, the
.c9nti-
i:uance of south-west winds, and the extraordi-
nary and almOst unheard-of depression of tine ba-
rometer during several-days.
•.• The aliments, the beverages, the regimen,l
and.whOle 'Management althe house; were found
to- be con formable-to the StricteM: rules: of health".
• - It .is to be :Presurhed that'the epidemic will
:cease as soon as the weather becomes cold and.
dry. The present season gives reason to 'hope
that the intensity of the Malady will progres-
. sively
• • •' sp-eculators have to-day circulatedi.the
report, that" a banking-house had received from
Vienna,- by an accelerated conveyance, the as
.surancethat the Porte had finally accepted
.Russian u/iimoturr ; but this report .may have no•
other foundation than an Exchange trick. The
'latest letters' from Odessa," a town in the. Russian
Empire,, concur in stating precisely- tine contrary.
•-=( Courier Erring ais.)
La France Chretienne has stated, and seve-
ral Journals have repeated 'after -it, that the
ashes of Voltaire and Rousseau have been re
. .1 moved from the Vantheon ; the Journal des De-
irtis of yesterday added, that these remains had
• been transferred to the Cementry of Pere La
• Chaise ; but the Journal de Paris announces,
that all: this is incorrectond that the ashes of
these great men are still in the vault in which they
were last deposited. . •
Amidst these- cOritradictiOns,. and perhaps to
= put an end to them, M.Girardin,has written to
the Minister of the Interior, to claim the remains
cif J. J, Rousseau, yhOse lessons he has not for-
' gotten,*ith the design of" replacing them in Er-
menonvillei in-the very spot which •Jean,JaCques.

chose for last nsylurn.—(Journal du Com-
m era

cHANIBER OP DEPT' TIES.,.--BuLLE Tz* or JAN. 4.
The bcputiel's as-A.1111;4d in the bureaux to
proceed to the,provisifonal examination of the law
project -relative ,to •the police of the -periodical
press.
a h c . e Corn oners namedare—
,

Ist Bureaux.—M. de Cardonnel ;2, M de -Martignac ; 3, the
Count de la Bourdonnaye ; .I,,Le Chevalier Berbis ; 5, Nl. de
Ronald'; '6, Me Darieux ;-7;M: de Liniairac; 8, 'AI. de Rio-
court; 9): M. Freuilly.,
To-inorrow there %yin be a public sitting, for
. •
renewmg the bureaux. •

• '1111:NCII rUND3.
Jan. 4, Five per Cents.
flank stock 1520. f. c.

ODESSA, DEC. 10.----We have letters from Con-
stantinople to the 2d of December. This capital
continues to he the theatre of great disorders.
The Porte announced officially on the 30th of
November to the European Ministers residing at
Peru, that the Sultan had rejected the Ultimatum
of Russia.

A UGSBURG, DEC. 28.—A1l the efforts of the
Foreign Ministers could.not induce the Porte to
yield. The Cabinet of Petersburgh foresaw this.
decision,,and.sentfor the. Commander-in-Chief,
Gen. Count de Wittgenstein, to receive his orders:
DEC.•3l.—The .?Commander. of the .11.uSiian'
Army_of: the. South, Count de Wittgenstein;` we
are/, informed, repaired. to Petersbnrgh in strict
incognito,, by order of the Emperor Alecander,.
who- has delivered- to the .Cottnt his instructions
on the plan of the campaign, it being intended
that the Army of the. South shall penetrate into
the Ottoman territory, as soon as war is declared.
Count. de .N.Vittgensteinemained only fire days
at Petersbiirgh, andthen returned to his head-
quarters:'

The Emperor Alexander was expected to
leave-Petersburgh immediately after Christmas,
for Minsk, the head-quarters of the Imperial
Guard.

The Grand Duke Nicholas will remain for the
present at %Vilna, with the regiment of the
Guards, of which he is the Colonel.

_
NUREMBERG, Dec. 27.—1 t. is confirmed that
the Contractors for supplying provisions to the
Russian troops only furnish their supplies for .a
fortnight at a time ; whence it may be concluded
that the troops will not long occupy their present
positions ; for if they were to remain in them, it
would be much more advantageous for all parties
to furnish supplies for the whole winter at once.
It is also certain that the Generals and Com-
manding Officers of Corps have received orders
not to give any leave of,absence.

FRATNIKEOIII). DEC. 30.--(By express.)---The
House of Rothschild received this morning an
express from. Kenna, and immediately made
public, that this messenger had brought the news
that the Ottoman Porte had at length accepted
the ultimatum of Russia. The Public Funds rose
very considerably, and. notwithstanding it was
Sunday (Christmas Day) much business was
transacted..
.Yet every thing leads to the belief,
that this news. is only -a; stock jobbing specula-
tion, for not only the Vienna Journals have.not
arrived to-day, but the President of the Ger-
manic Diet, Count- de •Buol-Schauenstein, and
-the Russian Minister, Baron d'Anstett, have not
received any advices which might confirm so im
portant a piece of intelligence, as that circulated
by the House of Rothschild.—(Journal de Paris_)
FRANKFORT, estafette arrived
here from Vienna,, announces that a courier, dis-
patched on the 18th of December from Constan,
tinople, had brought intelligence there, that,the
Portehad at last accepted the Russian ultimatum,
with some, slight modifications, the. decision of
which was left by the Ottoman Government to
the =• !gment .of -Austria. The Porte, besides,
dear .ds that Austria, France, England,. and
Russia, shall be guarantees of the treaty. Since
this news has become known,: the funds have con—
tinued to rise.

It is said that tumultuous scenes have again
taken place at Giesemi between the students and
the disbanded soldiers of the regiment which was
formerly in garrison in that tow n, and is now at
'orms. These tumults have even been sanguin-
ary, and have given occasion to an inquiry.
(Journal dts Debats.)
ANOTHER, LETTER,. SAME DATE.—Letters from
Vienna, written by persons worthy of credit,
and dated the 24th, contain the following pas-
sage : •

Though the metallies experienced some depression to-day,
well-infOrmed persons pretend that there is not the least pro.
bability of war."

The latter pert of this news is confirmed by
an estafette arrived to-day from Vienna. The
estafette left that city on the 25th at midnight,
and brought a letter, of which the following are
the contents:—

•" VIEN"NAMEc. 25,1-11rD:rroriT.
" A courier arriud to-day has brought the important intel-
ligence that the Turkish Ministry has accepted the Ultimatum
.of Russia. .This news spread with incredible rapidriv,' and,
.notwithstanding the solemn festival of this day; the public fUnds
hIVc. had a considerable rise. In the evening it was added, that
the Grand Seignior accepted the Ultirnaturn on the 19th of.
Deceinber. More, precise details will probably be received toy
morrow." . ,t, .-;

The above news has produced a great sensa-
tion in the commercial world'here, and the public
funds have risen considerably. There are, how--
ever, many persons, among whom are some men
of conseqUence, who, put' no faith in the intelli-
ence. A few days mo,re, and we shall know
whether the statement is true or not.--(Mimiteur)
from the Frankfort jourlial).
The caplufe bf the town of F.rzerum, and the
conquest of- all Armenia by the Persian army,
under the orders of Abbas Mirza., are fully con-
firmed. ft-is said that this army is to advance
into Asia Minor, whilst Other Persian armies
march towards Syria.
NAPLES, DEC. 16.—(Extract from a Private
Letter.)—The Austrian army remaining here
consists of five divisions, forming 36,000 men.
The division of Walmoden is stationed in Sicily;
the division of Mohr io the Abruzzi ; the divi-
sion of Lederer on the frontiers ; the division of
Hesse Hombourg at Naples; the division of
Vied in the province of Molisa. La Puglia and
the Calabrias are not occupied.

Cardinal Talinizis Ruffa -it is said, is to be
appointed Minister of Final Hie,.

j 4 a have sent 500 merr against the band of
brigands who arrested'out• courier between Itri
and .pifafio: :The brigs ids were fifteen in num-

ber. The courier had two travellers with him,
one of whom,. M. Prombella, proprietor at Ter-
racina, was wounded in the attack. They were
both carried off to the mountains, and the ban-
ditti require a ransom of 20,000 ducats -from the
relations of Prombella.

The King enjoys the best health, and always
presides in the Council of Ministers.
SOPHIA (OR 13uLoAttrA), Nov. 19.—The rein-
forcements that have successively arrived have
raised the. Turkish army now in the country to
above 30,000 nien, and to this circumstance may
be ascribed the check in the petty mountain war-
fare with an infinite number of more 'or less con-
siderable bodies of partizans. A kind of typhus
fever is said to rage among the garrison of Ras
grad, in the Pachalik-of Nicopoli.
RussTA,-DEc. 12.-13 y an Imperial Ukase, of.
Oct. 15, the proceedings of the Freemasons are
prohibited, and their lodges are -ordered to be
closed throughout the whole empire. A similar
measure has been adopted in Poland:
FROM TIIE COAST OF THE AviEEi.ITERRANE IN,
DEc..l6.—We are without any direct news from
Constantinople, as well as from Salonichi,-and
most of the other-ports of Puropean Turkey.
•Commercial reports from' the. Island of- Scio
mention the arrival'of cargoes Of cornlrn ro the
Black Sens`: other vessels from the Archipe-
lago have also arrived there. We likewise are
visited by Russian ships from Odessa, or by ships
belonging to the west of F.;urope, whith come.
from the Black Sea.
.By them we learn the
augmentation of the•-Russian troops in the en-
virons of Tiflis, V. here• a large army is to assem-
ble, in order, it is presumed, to penetrate into
Asia Minor, as soon as war is declared between
the Porte and Russia, of which nobody doubts.
In the. Greek Islands armaments are actively
carrying on to continue the struggle that is
begun. The Greeks are 'again quiet masters of
the Archipelago ; they especially exert themselves
to strengthen their marine.

FRONTIERS OF ITALY, DEC. 21.-----We are en-
tirely without authentic accounts of .the military
,operations of the Persians. "At-Smyrna commer-
cial letters had been received, stating, that one
of the corps had taken Erzerum and the greater
part of Armenia,:. and that Cardistan was in the
power of another Persian corps. But they are
said to have retired from the side of Bagdad and
to have evacuated BaSSOrab, Which they held for
a short time, without any reason appearing for
their retreat. We have the same accounts from
Alex.andria, frOtri, Which city they write that the
Pacha of Egypt has been called upOn by the Sul-
tan to send a corps of troops to Asia, and with
another army to keep the Wechabites in check,
but that the Pacha is not making any armament,
and `did not seem disposed to obey ;these coal-.
mands.

FROM THE DANUBE, DEC. 2-I.—Authentic ac-
counts from Widdin, of the 9th December, say
butlittle of the insurrection in Servia, which has
been so much talked of. On the other hand, the
Pacha of Saloniehi has sent to the Pacha of Wid-
din, the official account of the destruction of the
Greek insurgent force at Cassandra, after an
..ob-
stinate engagement which lasted fourteen hours,
,and in which the Greeks lost above 6,000 men.
According to this Turkish account numerous di-
visions of the Greeks laid down their arms ; ethers
fled on board Ilyd"Oot ships, which continued to
infest that sea and the adjacent country. They
had ventured several landings on the coast, de-
stroyed small towns and villages, and distributed
Proclamations. The Pacha had already taken
measur3s to put a stop to these disorders. He
has detached 12,000 Asiatic troops to reinforce
Chourschid Paella: The Turks flatter themselves
with ending the siege of the fort of Joannina by
a general assault, the success of which can hardly
be doubted.

VIENNA, DEC. 24.--The: Austrian Observer of
to-day says-----" Accounts received yesterday from
the frontiers of. Dalmatia confirm, the previous
news of the advantages gained over. Ali Pacha by
.Cbourschid Pacha (who has been lately appoint-
ed Pacha of Joannina.) On the 13th Novem-
ber he took the two :forts of Listarizza and La
Grellia, which are - the strongest outworks of
Joannina, and it is expected with great proba-
bility that Ali will soon be obliged to surrender,
or, as has been long expected, to put an end by
a desperate resolution to the contest and his life
together." .
BATAVIA, AUG. 25.—0 n the 17th instant,
about two o'clock, P.M., a terrible fire broke out
in the town of
,Cheribon,'by which, in less than
two hours, eighty houses fell a prey to the flames,
and the whole of the Javanese, liampong,.Lima
Woenka, were reduced to ashes.. It is owing to.
the indefatigable exertions,. not only of the Eu-
ropean, but of the Javanese and Chinese popula-
tion, that the whole place was not.destroyed, as a,
high S. E. wind carried large . pieces.. of burnitrg
matter through the air, which falling on the, roofs
'of the houses, set the town on 'fire in several
places at once. The origin of the misfortune is
unknown ; the fire broke out in-the- house of a
silversmith. .•

JAN. I. It is affirmed-that-the
Bavarian Privy Counsellor, Von Bohner, is charg-
ed with a mission to Stockholm relative to-a mar-
riage of the present Crown. Prince of Sweden with
a daughter of Prince Eugene.

than any of their former ones, as it is to give
us an Upper House and a Charter of Their own
making instead of the Constitution ; or, in other
words, a cloaked despotism, -which does not
!•ti mucli encourage a reaction as ati absolute one
would do; and however it may be disguised,
always tends to throw down the pOnciples, and
trample under foot, the, ;sacred ,l'aAp. of the so-
vereignty of the people. It is undeniable that
many Members of the present Cortes are en-
gaged in this infamous plan, and these men,
chiefly belonging to the Liberates of 1812, have
.united with their antipodes, the Afrancesados, for
this very purpose as well as with the Serviles.
Fortunately, those who worked the restoration of
the country last year possess more strength and
more-means to sustain the edifices, and, believe
me, they display their energy. The people will
act with them. 1 'foresee all the consequences
and all the dangers of a civil war; but slavery is
the most dreadful of all evils'. The strength of
the patriots, am confident, is sufficient. The
whole- of Andalusia is decided so as to be re-
lied upon, under any emergency. Cartha-
gena, Murcia, and Alicant are equally deter-,
mined. Catalonia and Gallicia offer a support,-
and evenin the interior possibly there is a better
disposition than °tie would think. Do net fear
from this struggle any retrograde movement.—
We -who are hear the theatre, and see ihings as
they are, have calculated all arid foreseen all the
chances, and although -We may be inclined to
overrate our own. efforts, we can nevertheless,
guarantee to the friends of freedom the triumph
of the holy cause in the Peninsula.

R E V U E.

INCOME AND CHARGE ON THE CONSOLIDATED
. FUND IN THE QUARTER ENDED sTli JAN.-1tt227. '

INCOME.

Customs ..
- -£1,513,195
Excise - - . - X 5,368,664
Stamps - - - - - - 1,497,128
Poet Office - -305,000
Assessed ss3ssed Taxes .. - - - 08
2,2392,70680
Land Taxes . . . - • 473,000
Miscellaneous - 119,096
Unappropriated War Duties - -- 7,200

£11,581,501
.Brought from Supplies, being the amount issued f
in Ireland pursuant to At 57 Geo. 111. c. 48. 1 471,287

Total income - £12,052,768
CHARGE.

Exchequer Annuities
. - - - £23,231
'South Sea Company - - . _ 168,172
Bank on their Capital - - 89,123
Dividends , - - - -
9,388,745
National Debt ' - - - . 3,159,090
Civil List - . - _ . - 212,500
Pensions - - - - - .81,445
. _

Annuities - . 121,713
Other ch-arges - 220,979

Total charge
Income, as above

13 450 000

12,04763,

Deficiency - - 1,397,232
To this deficiency add deficiency at 10th of Oct., 1821 8 165 752

9,562,984
Deduct cash issued in further redemption of 2,637,0001.
Exchequer Bills deposited in thellellers' chests 600,000

Total amount of bills to be provided for, charged
on the
.groirling produce of the Consolidated
Ftina, in the quarter ending sth April, 1822

PRICE Ok
THIS DAY AT TV

£8,962,984

STOCKS
ELVE O'CLOCK.

3 per Ceht. Iled. l7ig 5 per Cent. Navy Ann 104
3 per Cent. Cons. 76W, et div. cx div. •
34, per Cent. • 83A4 Irish 5 per Cents.
4 per Cent. • lifla Excheq. Bills 5 6pr.
I
Bank Long Ann. 193 Cons. for• Opening 184fil

HIGH WATER AT LONDO.
Morning, 2 minutes after 2.

4. BRIDGE TO-MORROW 4.
Evening, 26 minutes after 2

THE SUN.

SOLE. g, QUIS DICERS F.I,LSUM ALTDE;II'

-LONDON,
TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1822.
