PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.
Table showing the ex-duty price of \Vest India Sugar
it; Mincing,-larie, and comparing the same against that of
Foreign Sugars:

London, July 17, 1840.
Per Cwt.
The Gazette of ibis evening will quote the
average price of British Plantation Mu.wovado
Sugar, exclusive of duty at s7s. 3d.
_ _ _

Th-e actual quantity of West India Sugar sold on ac-
count of the importers of the week ending the 14th inst.,
according to the returns made upon oath by the West
India Sugar Brokers, in conformity with the Act of Par-
liament, and on which the ;above price is computed, con-
sisted of 897 hhds. 89 tre. ar'd 150 brls.

As the price of West India .sugar, and the duty of 255.
per cwt. on it approximates w the duty paid price of
Foreign Sugars—namely, 245. per cwt. for the Sugar,
and 665. per cwt. for the duty—so the price of the latter
has a tendency to advance, because the holders perceive
that the British consumer will preseietly compete in the
open market, with the foreign, in the purchase of these
Sugars; indeed, those Foreign Sugars ( Have nnah Whites)
which are peculiarly adapted to the use of the refineries,
and on which the duty has in several instances been paid,
have already advanced sa. per cwt ; but as the difference of
price now between West India and Foreign Muscovado
Sugars, taking quality for qu lity is about 335. per ewt.,
the latter stand little chance yet of being cleared
for home use. When the duty-paid prices of both
are, however, assimilated, then the Foreign will
surely rise in price, in the same proportion that the
West India may rise. There is really no guessing at
the price Sugar will command in November next—for the
stocks of British Plantation and of Foreign Sugars added
together, will not furnish a supply at all adequate to the
demand in this country for them.
It three months ago the high duty of 665. per cwt. bad
been reduced on the free labour foreign Muscovado Sugar
to a level with that on West India Sugar, there would at
this time have been many cargoes afloat destined for Eng-
land. The declaration of the Chancellor of the Excbee
quer to the deputation who waited on him from the grocers
and the refiners, that he had no intention of making all
alteration in the Sugar Duties during the ensuing yearn
however, had the cfFect of setting at rest any incipient spe-
culation with the Manilla proprietors.
If the West India monopoly were abolished, the average'
ex-duty price of such Sugar would be about 245. per cwt.
It is now 575. The difference between what the price
actually is, and what it ought to be, is consequently 335.
per cwt. The object of forcing the British community to
make this enormous sacrifice of money, equivalent to a tal
of six millions sterling per annum, was doubtless a desire
on the part of the country to alleviate the sufferings of
slavery, and to encourage the free labourers. Will these
objects be attained ? Will indiscriminately heaping mend
into the laps of the West India proprietors render tee
situation of their labourers one jot the better. Those who
think it will know little of the real character of the West
Indians.

Again, will admitting slave labour Sugar into British
consumption diminish slavery and the slave trade ? on the
contrary, will not the extended demand, and a consequent
advance in their prices, stimulate the slave owners in
exact more labour -from their unhappy victims, in order
that that increased demand may be satisfied ? and 011
not the additional toil, and the barbarities attending
it, shorten life, and occasion the vacancies so wady
to be filed up by the kidnapped from Africa ? Had
the Government of this country been entirely composed
of Jamaica planters and merchants, they could not
have devised a measure better calculated to fill their ossu
pockets at our expense than that fostered and maintained
by the present Ministers, and known to the nation as 3
wicked monopoly, which does not, as is professed, discou-
rage slavery and the slave trace, and which does not afford
the least aid to the free labourers in our own colonies.

WHEAT, FLOUR, AND BREAD•

The following is a comparison of the present actual
relative prices of wheat, ibut, and bread between Lon"
don and Paris :

WHEAT.--Tito highest current market quotation f°,,r
the best wheat, or, as it is termed, of the " first quality'', -
in Paris, according to the last report of the corn-market
in that city, is 35 francs for the hectolitre and a half, •
which, at the present course of exchange in Paris ee
London, at one month's date of 25r. 20e. money, per
pound sterling, corresponds with (a very small fraction
more than) 535. 6d. per English imperial quarter.
The highest price of the best Essex, Kent, and Suffolk
white wheat in London being 81s. per imperial quarter
shows that the best white wheat is dearer in London
than in Paris by 275, 5-,lfd. per imperial quarter, being-
fifty-one and a quarter per cent. ; and that the same
money which can buy in London no more than eight
bushels of the best white wheat, will procure in Parrs-
upwards of twelve English imperial bushels of the
" first quality" of wheat. It may be observed that the
above comparison is made on the current market price
in Paris for the first quality, and not on that which tray
be demanded for a very small parcel of extraordinarily
excellent wheat, which must be of course rather higher'
and almost arbitrary. Some little fine new wheat bag
appeared at market.

[Nothing can be finer or more promising than the
general appearance of the wheat in France. The har-
vest has begun, and almost every market has declined
in the quotations, and little doing.]
FLour..—The highest current market price of floor
of the " first mark," in Paris, according to the fates;
accounts from the corn market in that city, is 68 francs
for the sack of 159 kilogrammes, which, at the present"
course of exchange in Paris on London, as above, cor
responds with 425. II d. (or, more exactly, 425. IN'
and 9-10ths of a penny) for the English seek of.
280Ibs. The highest quotation in London for the best
" town made" flour being 625. per sack of 2801b5.,
shows that the best flour is dearer in London than iP
Parts by 19s. Id. per English sack, being 44i per col"
and that the same money with which no more than
2801bs, of the best flour can be obtained in London,
will purchase in Paris 4041 English pounds of the finest
quality of flour.

BREAD.—The present assize price of bread of the
best quality in Paris, or the price fixed and ordered bY
the French Government for the first fortnight of the
month of July, is 821 c. for the loaf of two kilogrammes,
which, at the actual course of exchange in Paris on
London as above, is equal to ratherless than 7d. I.loth
of a penny per English 41b. loaf ; or exactly 7d. and
nine and a half hundredth parts of a penny. The
present highest current price of the best, so called,
fdlrpriced bread in London being 10d. for the 41b. loaf,
although in some instances more is demanded, shows
that the 41b. loaf in London is dearer than in Paris bY
very nearly 3d., exceeding 2d, and 9-10ths of a pearl'
being 40?,-(1. per cent. ; and that the 10d. which can
purchase in London but 41bs. of the best bread, WIII,
procure in Paris five English pounds ten ounces and
1-7th part of an ounce of the finest quality of bread

GOLD WATCHES, £B. Bs. each, High!el: flashed Horizontal Gold Watchet, Jewelled in four holes, w"; enamel dial, hand to mark the seconds, &c. Eight Gulegi each. These elegant little Watches will be found ext.loll4 time-keepers, and a printed warranty is given with fixes term°
on which they will always r. ertive cz.-.ly attention required.
T. CCY... SAVORY,
Watchmaker, Jeweller, and Silversmith, 47, Cornhill (seven
Doors from Graceehurch-street), London.
N.B. —Second-hand _Patches purchased in exchange.

SHEFFIELD MADE PLATED DISH CO
VERS.—A. B. SAVORY and SONS, Goldsmiths, No. 14,
Cornhill, Landon, opposite the Bank of England, submit for
selection, in their show-rooms, a very lame variety of CHEF'
FIELD SILVER-PLATED DISH COVERS, from Fs
teen Guineas the set; they have sliver edges and handles, au
silver shields for engravingt ae cr.:at or coat of arms.
Double Dome Pattern. I The Melon Pattern.
Size. :t s. Size. aee d
1 Plated Dish Covers, 20 in. Er 13 fi !Pl:..tetl Dish Cover, 20 in. 117
1 „ Dish Cover, lit in. 4 7 611
j SI /2 Dish Cover 18 in. 414
2 „ Dish Covers, 14 in. 512 012 Dish Covers,l4 in.

Per Set £ls 1;_ Per Set £l6 17.
Plated Currie or Hash Dishee Seven Guineas the Set. .41
Prii:e Current, Stamped as a Newspaper, containing drawings
and every information relative to the purchase of silver or She('
field plate, may be had on application, or will be sent into the
ountry, free of postage, in a::::,ver to a pail letter.

MARRIED.
At Sheerness, the Rev. P. Smith, of London, to Elias,
daughter of W. B. Basden, Esq., of her Majesty's ship Ocean.•
At Camberwell, J. T. Trinimer, Esq., of Peckham, w
Harriet, daughter of William Woolley, Esq.

DIED.
On the 17th inst., in Grosvenor-place, Harriet, wife of the
Rev. Charles Gore, of Burrow-court, Somersetshire.
On the 17th inst., in Welbeck-street, Henry weyiand
Powell, Esq., of Foxlease Park, Lyndhurst, Hants, late of the
Gfer:adier Guards, aged 53.
On the 16th inst., at Barnstaple, Mr. John Wood Deane,
jun., of the Accountant's Office, Bank of England, aged 22.
On the 15th inst., at Swakeleys, near Uxbridge, T. T.
Clarke, Esq., aged 67.
On the 10th inst., at Millport, Scotland, the Hon. Miss,
Joanna Sempill. The deceased lady was the second (laughter of
John, the thirteenth Lord
At Evershot, Dorsetshire, Meliora, wife of William Lockyer
Martyr, Esq.

London : Priuted and Published by AIIIRDO YOUIN 6,
No. 112, Strand, nt Tic Sun Offi' ce No. 112. StracidA
the county of Illiddlesex.—Saturday, -July 18, UV.
