OLYMPIC THEATRE.

On Saturday night the Covent-garden company closed
their season at the Olympic Theatre, the place of their
temporary but fortunate refuge, amid the plauiits of a
crowded house. The Wife; a Tale of Mantua, was
performed for the 52d time. In the concluding scene of
the afterpiece (the new opera of The Bridal Promise) the
whole of the company entered, Mr. WARDS, who was to
"Teak the address, leading in Miss INVERARITY. "God
557" the King" was then sung in full chorus, after which
WARDS advanced to the front of the st,ge, holding
the address in his hand, which, he said, he bal been de-
PntPti by his brethren to deliver. Mr. WA RDE then read
the
document, of which we subjoin a copy
exer tio
Ladieso and Gentlemen,—This night will terminate the
ns f the Covent-garden company at this theatre,
Where we have found a home and cheering support, when driven
from our natural and legitimate sphere, by circumstances un.
Preeedented in the annals of theatricals. We have fulfilled
our duty, and we have profited by it—not only in the conscious-
of having done that which is right—the paramount con-
sulerau tion--but also in the important point of pecuniary cir.
ed•t rnBtanees• We could not acquiesce in the terms which, in
rect violation of our engagements, were dictated to us by the
leased violation
0„ Covent Theatre ; and, Ladies and Gentlemen,
of the t
also expressly to state here, that, at an early period
--(`m when that Gentleman found the impossibility of continnio
was met the concern more than three nights per week, he
formers, rdthhe most friendly feeling on the part of the per_
8-ou
then lost distinctly pledged himself that all the nights
season ; and
n -ld be made up at a more remote period of the
ow has this pledge been kept, but by an attempt
utterly to d hestroy our independence, by again calling upon the
very limited pecuniary means of many of our brethren ? It
roux would be ungrateful not to add, that, in addition to a gene_
public, we have received most liberal support from the
Most high and distinguished personages in the kingdom—a pa-
tronage given to the members of, perhaps, the last Covent_
garden company. The last duty which now devolves on me is
tnostpleasing one--the conveying, on the part of my brethren
and myself, our warmest thanks and best wishes for the health
and happiness of that public which has helped them through
a crisis of difficulty without precedent in the history of the
Otage.o

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, JULY 1, 1833.

The motion of Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON
relative to Poland stands for the 91h instant.
Mr. FERGUSSON has been furnished with some
appalling facts to show the brutality exercised
by the Emperor NICHOLAS over his Polish
subjects. It is stated, among other things,
from an authentic source, that 800 Polish chil-
dren were taken forcibly from the different
orphan asylums in Warsaw and conveyed to
Russia, and that on one occasion the children
who were playing in the streets were swept
away in sight of their agonized parents. The
punishment of the knout has been frequently
inflicted on Polish prisoners of war, and the re-
monstrances of PASKEWITSCII, who represented
to the EMPEROR that the excessive rigour
adopted towards the Poles was calculated to
drive them to another revolt, were treated with
indifference. We hope Mr. FERGUSSON will
take the opportunity of his motion for demand-
ing some explanation of the submission of our
Government to the indignity of having its Con-
suls driven from Warsaw and Memel. At the
present moment, when the Emperor NICHOLAS
Is pursuing the career of ambition in the East,
it behoves the Parliament of Great Britain to
make bodic effort on behalf of our national
character.

The troubles of the SULTAN are not yet over.
No sooner did IBRAHINI PACHA commence
his retreat, than the Russians contrived to ex-
cite Servia and Bosnia into a state of insurrec-
tion ! A German paper states that " soon:after
the Sultan had ceded Adana, news,vras received
from Alexandria that AIEHEmET4ALI had in-
s,ructed his son to make no further difficulties on
this point, because it might easily lead to a col-
lision with the English Government. MEHEMET
ALI is said to have assured Major CAMPBELL
that he would not insist upon having Adana, if
it was objected to at London, or if the interest
of the SULTAN was supposed to be injured by
the loss of that provinc.:. The latter is the case;
anti we cannot sufficiently regret the carelessness
with which the negotiations at Constantinople
were managed. None but the SULTAN'S ene-
mies could induce him to a step which must
lead, sooner or later, to the certain ruin of cho
Porte ; and yet it is affirmed that the interest of
the SULTAN has been attended to by all parties."

A certain lady, who male herself very busy in
canvassing for votes against Ministers on the
Po►tuguese question, has asserted that her party
will not give way on the Irish Church Reform
Bill, and that the plan of campaign has been
fully determined upon. We advise Ministers
to avail themselves in time of this information.

Since writing the above, we hear that there
has been a meeting, at which all the points of
difference between the Duke of WELLING-
TON and Lord LYNDHURST were cleared up,
and that a formidable opposition to Lord
BROUGHAM'S Local Courts Bill may be ex-
pected.

The French papers of Saturday have been
received. Their contents are not important.
The Moniteur of Friday contains a Royal
Ordonnance creating Marshal LOBAU, M. DE
ST. CRICQ, and two others, Peers of France.
It is apprehended in Paris that the Republicans
will create a disturbance on the 14th instant, i t

being the anniversary of the destruction of the
Bastile. On that day it is said the Republicans
will proceed iii great force to demolish the forti-
fications now constructing in the vicinity of
Paris, ostensibly for the protection of the city,
but ready to keep public opinion under check.
It appears by letters from Madrid that the

ceremony of the Jura took place on the 20th
,June, and passed off in a cold formal manner.

The Brussels and Dutch papers contain little
or no news of interest. A meeting took place
between M. GENDEBIEN and M. RoGIER, in
which the latter received a ball through his
cheek, which lodged in his mouth, but the
wound was not considered dangerous. The
KING received the Deputation of the Chamber of
Representatives on Thursday, and thanked them
very graciously for their address. The accounts
from the Hague state, that M. DEDEL is de-
layed by continued illness from returning to
London to resume his Mission. A speedy and
equitable adjustment of existing differences is
fi mly expected in Holland.

As there is not, at this moment, any Govern-
ment steamer on the coast of Portugal, some
days may elapse before we can receive accounts
relative to the expedition from Oporto, unless
one of the contending parties should send a
steamer to this country. In such a case, we
may expect accounts to-morrow, or on Wednes-
day at the latest, as something decisive must have
taken place by the 25th ult. The agents of Don
PEDRO are very sanguine of success, from the
information which they have received of the dis-
position of the people in Lisbon and the Algarves.
At the date of the last accounts, the effective

force of the Miguelites in Lisbon did not exceed
5,000 men, and of these the artillery were known
to be disposed towards the Constitutionalists.
The invading force amounts to nearly 4,000
picked troops, upon whom reliance can he
placed. There are a few dismounted Lancer:
among them, who have taken with them their
saddles and bridles, in expecta'ion of finding
horses provided for them on their debarkation.

The Bill for renewing and modifying the
Charter of the United Company of the Mer-
chants trading to the East Indies, or the " In-
dia Company," as it is in future to be styled,
has been printed, and now lies before us; as
also some correspondence between the autho•
rities in this country, and those in India,
on the subject of the constitution of the
Indian Governments When we state that

the Bill consists of 113 clauses, and the cor-
respondence of 59 folio pages, we are sure
we shall not be accused of dilatoriness in bring-
ing the substance of these documents before the
public, if we beg more time than we had this
morning i o read them. In the cursory view we
have been able to give the provisions of the Bill,
there are one or two, with respect to which we
would beg to throw out a few suggestions for the
consideration of those who have the decision of
these matters. In the eighty-seventh clause, it
is enacted, " That no native of the said terri-
tories, nor any natural-born subject of his
Majesty resident therein, shall, by reason only
of his religion, place of birth, descent, colour,
or any of them, be disabled from holding
any place, office, or employment, under the
said Company." This is a humane, wise, and
liberal proviiion, but it is matter of grave con-
sideration how far we, as conquerors in India,
are able to carry it into full operation. We pre-
sume that all the officers of the army are included
in its meaning. At present natives are only
capable of reaching a certain subordinate rank in
the army, and although we noted that in the evi-
dence given respecting the army, several distill-
guished officers advocated attaching native aides
de camp to each corps, that would be a very dif-
ferent thing from allowing natives to purchase
commissions in the army ad libitum, which
they might do, supposing that the above pro-
vision were honestly acted upon. We do not
presume to say how far it might he desirable
to allow natives of rank and wealth pro-
perly qualified to purchase commissions in
the army—always supposing that with the abo-
lition of the Company's present peculiar organi•
nation, no distinction would be made between
tae two armies in India—but certainly there
must, we will not say always, but for a long
and indefinite period, exist insuperable
objections to the admission of an unlimited
number of native superior officers into our
troops. The other clauses to which we would
beg the particular attention of those interested
in that question in Parliament, are the 86th
and 88th. The first limits the power of Euro-
peans to purchase or hold any interest in land for
a longer period than sixty years, without the
permission of the Governor-General. This
is an absurd restriction, sure to be evaded,

al hough with risk, and, perhaps, occasional
loss. Wherever Europeans are permitted to
settle, no limit should be placed to the efforts of
their industry. The eighty-eighth clause
prowides for the abolition of slavery, but is
lardly sufficiently de6uite. We recommend it
to Mr. BUXTON'S attention.

`We understand that one of the richest mu-
sical treats of the season is reserved for a Morning Cm.
cert, to he Riven on the 12:11 July, in the splendid
Gallery of H. T. HOPE, Esq., M.P., in aid of tbitFunds
of the Royal Metropolitan Infirm iry for Sick Children.
The liberal and humane feeling which has prompted that
ntleman on phis occasion will, we are told, he v-alou,ly
seconded by the many Ladies of distinction, Nivilernen,
sod Contlauken, who h..a oodertaken to direct t:ie Con-
cert, which is to comprise ali the first-taro oefens.
and Foreign, now in the Metropolis, and which will be
given under the mist exalted patronage.

We learn that the Earl of MUNSTER i 5 about
to vi-it the Contineat. His Lordship will proceed to
France by way of Brivhton, where he wiil visit his
faller-4,1.1w, Lord EGREIVONT, at East Lodge.

The last accounts from Turkey state that
Ina/mix PACHA had been indisposed during many pre-
vious weeks, insomuch as to alarm his friends.
To-night there will be an eclipse of the moon
visible in these pmts. It will commence at 5 minutes
past 11, and end at 21 minutes past 2 in the morning.
Digits 10 degrees 3 minutes on the southern limb.
FIRST COLOUR-SHOP IN LONDON.—It was
of advantage to the old school of Italian painters, that
they were under the necessity of making most of their
colours themselves, or at least under the inspection of
such as possessed cliymical knowledge, which excluded
all possibility of those adulterations to which the moderns
are exposed. The same also was the case in England till
the time of Sr GODFREY KNELLER, who, when he
came to this country, brought over a servant with him,
whose sole einplo}ment was to prepare all the colours and
materials for his work. KNELLER afterwards set him up
as a colour-maker for artists; awl this man's soce'''s "-
casiened the practice of it as a trade ever after.--LoStudio.
RELICS OF ANTIQUITY.—Thursday and
Friday the woi kmen employed upon some buildings in a
field near the Horse Stray, in the suburbs of York, be-
lunging to R. CATTLE, El., at about the depth of six
feet below the surface, found about a dozen human skele-
tons, and other remains. They were dep. sited beneath a
bed of solid clay, and appear to be relics of the period
when Eboricum was under Roman sway, a Roman coin
having been discovered among them. The other relics
consis'ed Of urns, which were unfortunately broken
through the inattention of the workmen,
who, probably,
at first were not aware of the nature of their discovery
Only one was got out in nearly a perfect state.-- Wake-
field Journal.
