POLLINGS,

Edinburgh Tuesday and Wednesday, 18th and 19th.
Leith Thursday and Friday, 20th and 21st.
County Friday and Saturday, 21st and 22d.—Edinbori4
Courant.
CHlCHESTER.—Proclamations have been made at the Hit
Cross, that the election of two Members to represent this ci"
in Parliament will take place in the Guildhall on Monday, the
10th inst., and for the election of two Knights of the Shire f°'
the Western Division of the county of Sussex, on MondiP,
the 17th. For the latter, Lord J. G. Lennox and the Earl
_.o`_

Surrey are expected to " walk over the course " without oPe.
sition. Lord Arthur Lennox, John Abel Smith, and Willis!'
Parrot Carter, Esqrs._ are candidatesifor the representation
this city.—Portsmouth Herald.
CARLOW.— We learn from Carlow that Mr. Wallace is gaits
sure of his election. This intelligence, we need not assure is'
personal friends of Mr. Wallace, affords us thegreatest satisfSe"
tion. He is an able and honest man, and Ireland wants his Sez'
vices.—Dublin Morning Register.
LANCASHIRE.—The High Sheriff has appointed the eleclis°
for the northern division of this county, to take place on 10f:
day the 17th instant, at Lancaster, and that for the southern
vision on Tuesday the 18th instant, at Newton.—Mandiafr
Guardian.

SHEFFIELD.—The election for this borough will take place O"
Wednesday next, and the poll, as a contest appears inevitable,
will in all probability be closed on Friday evening. The rei
vious interval, if well employed, will be abundantly suffiejen
for a thorough canvass of the electors.—Shcffield Courant.
PENRYN AND FALMOUTH.—The election for the united bO4
rough of Penryn and Falmouth take; place on Tuesday morili"
next. There are six candidates already announced, Mr. Fresh
field and Mr. Stewart, the late members, and Lord Tullaincle
with their friends, are actively_ canvassing the eleccors. CaP"t
Byng, Major ',errand, and another gentleman, Mr. Rolf, an"
nouncad by the committee at Falmouth to succeed the late
Mr. Hyde Villiars, are hourly expected.—Cornwall Gazette'
BODMIN.—The election for Bodmin will commence on 31°11-
day. The contest, we understand, will he between Captain
Vivian and Mr. Spry—there being no question as to the success
of Mr. W' Peter.—Cornwall Gazette.
TRURO.—On Thursday George Pooley, Esq, Mayor efa
Truro, attended by Hosken James, Esq., Town Clerk, an.f,
other officers, published the precept at the usual places
the borough, and appointed the election to take place
Thursday next, the 13th instant, at the Town Hall—Cornea!
Gazette.
LuoLow.—The day of election for this borough is fixed fe,r
Monday next, and as severe a contest as any within 100 Wile':
will certainly take place. Ludlow has been long marked a.,
one of the Tory strong-holds in the Conservative map ;
•
must next week lay claim to rank with the independent L'''r
roughs ; the electors are determined to throw off the chain'
slavery, which have bound them down so many years. 11„,
Edward Romilly must be elected, and strong hopes are enter"
tained of returning Mr. Davies as his colleague. The 'f°t.,
candidates, the Chives, ought to be convinced that their Pi%
cal opinions are not in accordance with those of a hundNfi'D,
portion of the inhabitants, and therefore they should retir,:,
The four candidates are now in the town. The Reformers 3'
fifty to one.—Hcreford Times.
PLymourn.—The election for this borough will coinrne ne
on Tuesday; when, there being no opposition, J. Collie! 3n
be
J. Bewes, Esqrs., will be:returned. The nomination will ,
made in the Guildhall, from whence they will adjourn to t"e
hustings erected in front of the hotel to conclude the proceed"
ings of the day.—Devonport Journal.
EXETER.-The nomination for the City of Exeter takes pl3ce
to-day, and Monday next is appointed for the polling, for whit'
purpose, the city and new boundary has been divided into eight
divisions.—Det,onport Journal.
DUBLIN.—The City of Dublin election takes place on Tue.,'
day next ; the College the following day, and the County Dol3'
lin election on Monday, the 17th instant. The Drogheda &C.
tioßtiLis,,fiKx.eudßfoNr_ThTuhrissdtaoywnnexsete.—msDiuiabn/id.n M in
edoo,r,nertgoßat
the
er•
pol-
lutions of the old system. It has been for many days the see!!
of horrid drunkenness ; liquor has been dealt out by the candle
dates in bounteous profusion. Turner, whose conduct sell%
time ago exposed him to the indignant comments of the fibers:
press, has re-introduced the same depraving and debasing Prac,,
rites. Every ale-house, whose owner pleases to ask it, has a,.
order to deliver its draughts to any parties who will aeccr
them. These demoralizing attempts have produced a re-acti°r:
of disgust among the moral parts of the population ; bu
many have sunk in the stream, and the general effect is frigi:r
ful. It is difficult to say whether Fielden, Dowring,
ner, will fall through ; but it is brlieved that he (the Tory) ",../
little chance, though he will have the largest number

plumpers.
hard
WESTMEATEL—The success of Mr. Chapman and Sir Ric ha
Nagle is certain. The people of Westmeath ought not, 111'i,
ever, to relax in their zeal for the perfect freedom of thiec.
county. We therefore most strenuously recommend the edai
tors to be not only prepared, but to be at their posts. Ibetioa-
is not yet fixed, but we have every reason to think the Cl
will commence on the 19th.—Dublin Freeman's Jaurnal,,' rtes
For Liskeard the candidates are Lord Elliot and
Buller, Esqs. The election takes place on Tuesday ne*
Cornwlazette.
ST. a
IVIESG.—This celebrated borough, which now -e tipreOs
one Member to Parliament, has been enlivened during the Peer
sent week, by the appearance of the well-known Conserv3oo.
W. M. Praed, Esq., who having announced himself as 3,4 of
didate, has employed a band of musicians; got up a disPight.
banners ; published an address, and made a speech every nloo
We are, however, assured that all this labour will be thr so-
away, as the return of Mr. liaise is secured. Mr. Levi'inore
Wiens is also a candidate, but we learn that he has not Leas

chance of success than Mr. Praed.—West Briton.
toit
CITY OF DUBLIN.—MR. PERIIIN.--WC are autoore
state that Mr. Perrin has accepted the invitation of the r :qpec
sitionists to him, and is a candidate for this city. we e--;
the Learned Gentleman's address in our next publicatio •
Dublin Freeman's Journal. Aio3
NEW WRITS of ELECTION.—The several writs of ele'
for the different counties and counties of cities, and c°ll:tlie
of towns, in Ireland, have been all issued, and directei ,oer:
respective High Sheriffs thereof, from the Crown and IV', oi
Office. The writs are made returnable for Tuesday, the Osse 15
January next ensuing. The election for Trinity Coll
fixed for next Wednesday, the 12th instant ; and it 1:00,
pected that most, if not all, the polls for the other cleCift't'
will open on the following Monday, the 17th.—Dubliii
?nun's the
BRISTOL.—IL was very generally rumoured througlOtOe
city yesterday that Sir Richard Vyvyan had resigned. toe.
Tories look blank on the matter, and admit, under lheeptiol,
that the appearance of Mr. Williams, and his cordial r6_3tioll.
by the citizens, have placed them in a very awkward situ_ra no
They knew well that the conduct of Mr. Baillie left ti_ie
ever
chance ; but trusting that the Reform Committee svoald

ose
the
vic
len
,od

have ventured another candidate, in opposition to the "friends"
Mr. 8., they, consequently, hoped to walk their man over
the course. The Reformers have given security, en the part
IMessrs. Protheroe and Williams, for the erection of the
Poll booths : with them, the electors may rest assured, there
►ill be no mistake. Nomination this day (Monday,) and the
Dolling on Wednesday, when the arrangements will be com-
Pleted for conducting the remainder of the proceedings in
t'Ueen.square.

COUNTY OF THE ISLE OF WlGHT.—Shortly after one o'clock
N,v, Wednesday, the Deputy Sheriff for the Island, T. Sewell,
fkl., attended by the constabulary force of the town, proceeded
10 the Guildhall, and after reading the writ commanding the
return of a Knight to represent the County of the Island, an_
bounced that the election would take place on Monday, the
17th of December, and that, if a poll was demanded, it was to
t4ke Place on the Tllursday following. The polling places for
the Island have been fixed by the Magistrates at Newport
and Cowes.—Portsmouth Herald.

KIL KENNY. —The whole county and city of Kilkenny has
been Proclaimed, under the provisions of the Peace Preservation
Act; in consequence of which 300 additional police are march-
ing on us from all points of the compass. That is, from Ulster,
knnster, and Connaught. We are also to have two additional
stiPendiary magistrates. Our police force will then amount to
„
'()C/ Police, three resident magistrates, two chief magistrates,
acrd one sub-inspector.—Kilkenny Journal.
SOMERS ETER I RE ELECTION.— COLONEL LA NGTON. —The elec-
tors of the eastern division of this county cannot have forgotten
lila when their gallant, faithful, and consistent representative,
Colonel Gore Langton, was induced to come forward again as
k candidate, in compliance with a requisition signed by so
/4any hundreds of the electors, it was fully understood the elec-
tion was to be spontaneous on their part. It will be seen that
„the High Sheriff has fixed Saturday, the 15th, for the nomina-
"n. which will take place at Wells.—Bath Herald.
We understand that the election for the eastern division of
the county of Somerset will precede that for the western. The
proclamation for the eastern division took place at Wells, on
•wednesday, and at Taunton on Thursday, for the western divi-
ikin. The number of registered voters for both divisions
amounts to nearly eighteen thousand.
tie nomination for this borough is expected to
`site Place in our Market-place on Tuesday next. Every ex-
tn ion has been made on either side for securing the return of
tile favourite candidate. Mr. Thomas Sheppard is expected
here to-night. Mr. Brigstock has been addressing the electors
the county, and has been very well received.
BATH.—The writ for the city of Bath arrived on Wednesday
wening, and proclamation was made the following day, fixing
the time of election ; viz.—Monday next for the nomination,
trkl Wednesday and Thursday for the polling. The nomina-
,"n will take place in the Grove.
GLOCCESTFR COUNTY.—The nomination of candidates for the
tpri tern division of this county is fixed by R. Canning, Esq,
Sh Sheriff, to take place at the Shire Hall, in Gloucester, on
:aturday, the 15th inst. The polling will commence at the
ZM frere
°ont polling places on the Tuesday following. The nomi-
ai of candidates for the western division is appointed to
; "e Place at Dursley, on Monday, the 17th inst., and the poll-
to commence on Thursday, the 20th inst.
MEETING AT WEXFORD—PLEDGES.—The following resolu-
t.
n Was unanimously agreed to at the recent great meeting at
. exford :—" Resolved—That being deeply impressed with
`,"conviction, that the great majority of the electors and in-
habitants of the county of Wexford are sincerely and
klionsly solicitous for the repeal of the legislative Union;
:11d that no man, therefore, but a repealer, can duly represent
pem in Parliament, we declare it to be our deliberate and so-
nn opinion, that the electors ought to propose the repeal
ge to the county candidates," A similar resolution has
en Come to by the Enniscorthy Political Union.—Dublin
'reeman's Journal.
bSTocsPoar.—The election is fixed for Thursday and Friday
ell. One thing is quite certain—Major Marsland is safe ;
1r a severe contest will ensue between Mr. Davenport, Mr.
ein'Y Marsland, and Mr. Lloyd.—Stockport Advertiser.
tievoN CouNry.—The writ for the election of four Knights
!the Shire, two for the North, and two for the Southern divi-
"nn of the county of Devon, was received by the High Sheriff
Oho Morth Woolcombe, Esq.), on Tuesday, and made public,
Proclamation, the next morning, at the Castle of Exeter.
M eHigh Sheriff has also given notice that he will proceed to
4en election for the Northern division, at 10 o'clock on the
tomcat,
of the 15th inst., at Southmolton ; and, in case of
°otest, commence the polling at the several towns named in
2the Act, on the morning of Tuesday, the 18th inat. For the
uthern division, the High Sheriff will proceed to the nomina-
m,,l an the morning of Monday, the 17th inst., at the Castle of
eter, and commence the polling on the morning of Thurs.
'aY, the 20th inst., at the several towns named for that pur-
hie in the Act.—Devonport Journal.
Noftwicif.—The Sheriffs of this city (J. P. Oxley and
.trs Poster, Esqrs.) received, on Tuesday last, the writs
'or the election of Members for this city, and at 2 o'clock
proceeded to make proclamation, in the usual manner, of
the day of election, which is fixed for Monday next. The
tleetion for the Western Division of this county is ap-
pointed by the High Sheriff to take place on Saturday,
Dec- 15, at Swaffharn, and that for the Eastern Division
%Monday se'nnight, at Norwich.—Norfolk Chronicle.
NORFOLK.—Tbe triumph of Reform in Norwich will be
etrtain and complete. In the county it has no less the as-
esett, (fancy. West Norfolk will return Sir W. B. Folkes and
r Jacob Astley—without opposition. The Hon. George
ki
'l,Peland Mr. Windham we think and trust are not less
leetire. The contest will be somewhat severe, but the po-
Pkrity of the cause, the personal respect due to the fa-
es of the candidates, and.the esteem won by themselves
.hring their canvass, have-given them unquestionable ad-
'antage.—Norwich Mercury.
, KENDAL_Tbe election for this borough is fixed for
7u-Morrove (Tuesday) ; and that for the county, the Sa-
e following. James Brougham, Esq., is the only
,t,zodidate in the field for the borough ; and Colonel Low-
ther and John Barham, Esq., are all that have appeared for
he county„—Kendal Chronicle.
6 Batcorr.—The election for the borough of Brecon is
!zed for Monday next. A contest is expected between the
kte Member, C. M. R. Morgan, Esq., of Ruperra Castle,
pfd I. V. Watkins, Esq., of Pennoyre, and the friends
ti each candidate appear equally confident of success. The
I,rtion for the county of Brecon will take place on the
th; Colonel Wood, the late Member, is not opposed.
Cambrian.to GLAMORGANSHIRE.—The election of Members for the
th:ntY of Glamorgan is fixed for Monday, tbe 17th, when
s,,nprt,elent candidates, C. R. M. Talbot and L. W.
c.Nrs gentlemen of liberal and independent princi-
ples •,
no doubt, be returned without opposition.—
CoMbrian.
Se,wANsEA, &c.—The election fur the united boroughs
of
t lowansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Kenfig, is
,PPointed for Tuesday next, when J. H. Vivian, Esq.,
.4°ther friend to independent and liberal views will, we
tan
safely assert, be returned by the unanimous voice of the
eoters...... Cambrian.
If er.ARDIFF, &c.—The day of nomination for the boroughs
-
Cowbridge, and Llantrissent, is fixed for Monday
toZts when, from present appearances, a contest is likely
take Place.—Cambrian.
xoaxsurnE.—The writ for the election was received
4 the Sheriff of Yorkshire on Tuesday night, and the
4:ll°ns for the different Ridings of the county will be
•‘, as follows :
For the North Riding, at York, on the 17th instant.
Per the East Riding, at Beverley, on the 18th instant.
if there
the West Riding, at Wakefield, on the 20th instant.
't there should be a contest in any of the Ridings, the
°Nog days will be as follow:--
For the North Riding, on the 20th and 21st instant.
For the East Riding, on the 21st and 22d instant,
1/4. For the West Riding, on the 24th and 25th instant ;
in that case the returns will be declared,
For the North Riding, on the 24th instant,
For the East Riding, on the 24th instant,
Pot the West Riding, on the 27th instant.
Oahe nigh Sheriff's proclamation, fixing the days of elec-
ted 15 above, was received at Wakefield, on Wednesday,
h was read at the Market-cross there, on Thursday, by
41,1
Ilid•j4MlN Dixoti, Esq., the Deputy Sheriff for the West
Ing.---Halifax Express.

6tii„l4-t'„
ING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

DE FROM LLOYD'S.
Itaje,.AL, DEC. 9. Wind W.S.W., light breezes.—Sailed his
p-"`Y's ship Southampton and a French frigate.
,°ItTSMOUTH, DEC. 8 AND 9.—Light breezes.—Arrived
ba,;;:t."---Scotia, Simpson, from Mauritius ; Margaret Hall,
1,..rn, from Demerara; and Grecian, Smith, from Mauritius.
tak'",,.I'MOLITH DEC. 7 AND B.—Calm.--Arrived the Tails-
-14,1 Williams, from Gothenburg, leaky, cargo shifted, rudder
}„geds and bound to Boston.
I'ikLINIOUTH, DEC. 7 AND B.—Variable light airs.—Sailed
he
eincleer packet, for the Brazil ; Hermes, Sham, ditto, for
he Mediteranean
e ; and his Majesty's ship Savage, for Lisbon.
sr,II,THAM, DEC. 9.—Arrived the Adventure, from Riga.
DEc. 7.—Arrived the Levant packet, Perceval,
I` 'Myrna ; Challenger, Newman, from Denis; and Dart,
\T-',rsale, from Denia, with damage.
,I,I"`.WPORT, DEC. B.—Arrived the Seaflower, Wilson, from
Pee Edward's Island, water-logged, bound to Gloucester.
k‘'IVERPOOL, DEC. B. Arrived the Hendia, Askew, from
;tishgal, sailed the 2d August; Brothers, Bell, from Pernam.
; James, Percy, from Laguira ; Rapid, Gilman, from Ja-
'
P lea
; HeY"'d, Burrell, from Africa ; Elvira, Grace, from
,evz Orleans ; Britannia, Sketchley, from New York ; Protec-
jb Matthias, and Liverpool, Barstow, from Charleston ; De-
71dent, Gallelee, from Shediac ; Suffolk, M`Donald, Admiral
7rlbow, Dixon, and Margaret, Simpson, from Quebec ; WU_
Swaffen, from Seville; Victoria, from Zabia ; Ann
.Iltthia. Butcher, from Lisbon; Cawlor, Lyall, and Elizabeth,
, ells, from St. Petersburgh • Kitty, from Riga; and Marga.
~lt,from
IBEENOCK, DEC. 7.—Arrived the Agnes, Nichol, from
'fileras,

Elizaheth and Caroline, Marshall, from Jamaica, to
2d ult., with loss of foremast, &c., after being
St'
on Florida Reef, and thrown on her beam-ends, bound
• Andrew's, New Brunswick.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 10, 1832.

The general election is now in full and rapid
progress, several Members having been already
returned. By Wednesday next the boroughs
throughout England and Wales will be de-
cided ;—and next most of the counties will have
chosen good men and true, for the Reformed
Parliament. In the city the contest seems already
decided in favour of the Reformers; and this
evening will probably settle the city of West-
minster and the metropolitan boroughs. Again
we say let the electors endeavour to choose
those candidates whom they conscientiously be-
lieve will act (most honestly for the interests of
all. Party spirit is only for self--the people of
England should think for themselves and their
country. The Reform Bill serves only
as a means to an end,—the means are now in
the power of the electors,—let them, therefore,
act prudently, in adjusting the means
to the great ends in view—the amelioration of
their own condition, and the consequent re-
generation of their country.

We are glad to learn from an authentic source

that Ministers, after having almost drbpped the
intention of making the reduction of the taxes
on knowledge a Cabinet measure, have recently
become so convinced of the strong feeling that
exists on this subject in the country at large,

that the reduction of those taxes will form one
of the earliest measures of the Ministry in the

new Parliament.

The reasons assigned by the CHANCELLOR
of the EXCHEQUER for not proceeding with the
plan proposed by him several months ago in the
House of Commons are two :—first, the difficulty
of finding means to supply the deficiency in the
revenue which it was supposed the reduction of
the taxes on knowledge would occasion; secondly,
the alleged indifference of the public press to the
proposed reduction.

With respect to the first reason, it may be
observed that reduction of taxation does not
necessarily imply diminution of revenue. It is
more than probable that in this instance, as in
many others, the increased consumption of
stamps and paper, and the increase in advertise-
ments, would more than supply any loss occa -
slotted by a reduction in the amount of the
duties. But were not this to be the case, and a
small deficiency were to be occasioned, we do not
see upon what principle a Reform Administra-
tion could persist in taxing the human mind, and
preventing the spread of information, for the sake
of insuring some fifty or a hundred thousand
pounds annually, when, by reducing two or three
thousand of an army raised to its present fright-
ful extent, not for the purpose of maintaining the
liberties of the country against foreign attack, but
for the purpose of enforcing the unconstitutional
acts of a corrupt Parliament, so much more than
the amount which the revenue might lose by the
reduction of the taxes on knowledge might be
made available.

As to the second reason, we are well aware,
:hat, not indifference, but actual opposition to
;he measures proposed by the CHANCELLOR of
;he EXCHEQUER. was offered by A small nnrtinn

of the Press, which is supposed to have more in-
fluence over the Government than on the coun-
try ; but it is a libel upon the Press at large to
say, that it is indifferent to the proposal for re-
ducing, or even repealing, the taxes on know-
ledge. It is a mistake to suppose that there is
any monopoly of newspapers, which makes it
the interest of their owners and conductors to
oppose that freedom of trade in their own case,
which they have so strongly advocated whenever
the abolition of monopoly has been the ques-
tion in others. There are, perhaps, two or
three newspapers which would suffer, compara-
tively, by a reduction of the stamp duty on the
paper, and more particularly the reduction of the
enormous duty on advertisements ; and even
in these the sufferings would be only ideal, for
they would not get less advertisements, nor sell
less papers, but all other Newspapers would get
and sell far more than at present. Of the
three hundred papers, printed in Great Britain
and Ireland, there are not, we are sure, twenty,
the proprietors of which would not derive be•
nefit from the reduction, or even repeal, of the
taxes on intellectual industry. Were the in-
terest of the newspaper proprietors, however,
imbedded in monopoly, we do not think they
would exert their influence to defeat the wishes
of the country. It would be strange and dis-
graceful indeed, to see the Press, after having
excited the public mind to the cry of " No
monopoly," turn round upon those with whom
it has been acting so cordially, in the work of
clearing away odious imposts and restrictions,
the moment when its own interests were sup-
posed to be in danger.
Whether Ministers be, as we are informed
they are, determined to obtain credit with the
country by taking the initiative in this matter, or
not, it is certain that another session cannot
pass on, without some extensive and effectual
reduction of the taxes on knowledge. It is
called for by all who have not a direct interest
in perpetuating ignorance among the people, and
even the uneducated, as if they already appreci-
ated the value of the blessings in store for them,
join heartily in the cry. It would be a bold Mi-
nistry, and a bolder House of Commons, which
should attempt to resist a feeling at once so de-
cisive and so just.

We understand that Marshal SOULT has
written to Marshal GERARD, to point out to
him the impropriety of allowing the Duke of
ORLEANS to expose himself unnecessarily in the
trenches before Antwerp. True courage, says
the veteran SOULT, does not consist in wanton
exposure to danger; and a life which is valuable,
from so many political considerations, cannot be
protected too closely, when this protection is
consistent with honour. It appears that the life
of the Duke of ORLEANS has been twice in
imminent peril, without there having been the
slightest necessity for the exposure of it.

It is not true, as stated by a contemporary,
that two Bills for Church Reform have already
been prepared. The attention of Ministers has
certainly been turned to this important subject,
and the KING has been consulted upon it ; but
the heads of the Church have opposed too many
obstacles as yet for Ministers to have made so
much progress as the country demands.

The news from Antwerp comes down to Sa-
turday afternoon, when the siege was being car-
ried with spirit ; but the Dutch, on their part,
were defending themselves with increased bravery
and, determination. From the temper of the
combatants it is not unlikely that General
CHASSE will eventually fire on the city. A day
or two will, however, decide. We refer to an-
other part of The Sun for full particulars.

German Papers, received this day, are deci.
dedly pacific. Prussia is anxious to] adjust
matters in the Netherlands, but is rather indig.
rant at the firm conduct of-England :

BERLIN, Nov. 28.--On every side the newspapers
announce the marching of Prussian troops : one would
think that a whole army was in motion, and war close at
hand. But the corps on the Meuse is not an army, nor
does its assembling indicate an approaching war. The
armaments and movements of troops in Prussia are per-
fectly adapted to the circumstances arising from the en-
trance of French troops into Belgium, and were neither
more nor less than what is said in the official declaration
in the State Gazette upon the subject. The augmenta-
tion of the troops in our Rhenish provinces will amount
to 25,000 men.

The diplomatic negotiations of the Court with the Cabi-
nets of London and Paris are still very active, and ener-
getic language is used on the part of Prussia ; yet the dis-
cussions have never been otherwise than friendly. The
most difficult thing to be understood is the language and
conduct of the English Ministry; and there seems reason
to apprehend a great coolness on that side rather than on
the part of France.

It is not true that General Grolmanu is to be Minister
of War, as a journal lately announced ; and it is also un-
founded that a corps of troops is going to be assembled in
the Grand Duchy of Posen.
The abolishing of the punishment called latemstrafe,
in the army, has caused everywhere the greatest joy.
The abolition of this severe punishment, which the King
has resolved upon to try for a time, will doubtless become
final ; the cornmon soldiers themselves promise each other
to co-operate in this by exemplary conduct.
Count Oriola, who was some time ago banished from
our university, is now pardoned, and continues his studies
at the university of Bonn.
It is reported that some students at Breslau have been
arrested on account of prohibited associations.
VIENNA, Nov. 29.—Five per Cent. Metalliques,
9-16 ; Bank Shares, 1,089. —Allyemeine Zeitung,Dec. 4.
CRONSTADT, Nov. 12.—The ships that sai'ed yesterday
and to-day lie at a short distance among the ice, and
cannot proceed for want of wind. Five ships that are
coming in, but are too far off to be distinguished, also lie
among the ice, and cannot enter. The channel both in
the East and West is full of ice, and the communication
with Oranienhaurn is stopped.
Nov. 13.—The wind blowing pretty fresh from the
S.E., and the current setting out more rapidly, the ships
that have sailed during these last three days have been able
to get out to sea. Among the five ships coming in are
said to be the Denton, Twist, Judith, and Thomas
Hodgson. Fifty persons have crossed the ice on foot
from Oranienbanni.

Nov. 14.—Though the channel is full of floating ice,
ships can still enter and leave the harbour. Toward the
north, east, and south the ice is fixed. The passage across
the ice from Oranienbaum is now quite safe, and some hun-
dred persons have crossed to-day Up to this day 1,427
ships have arrived, and 1,413 sailed.
PETERSBURGH, Nov. 22.—0 n the 20th inst. the Infant
Grand Duke Michael Nicholajewitsch was baptised with
great pomp, in the Chap,l of the winter Palace. The
Grand Duchess Helen arrived on the same day from Mos-
cow.—Petersbursik Journal, Nov. 24.

STATE OF TRADE.—The woollen awl Stuff
trade of Yorkshire continues in a prosperous condition.
The demand is very good, but the prices offered are low,
and scarcely adequate to the remuneration of the manufac-

GENERAL ELECTION

(THIS DAY.)

GREENWICH.

This morning so early as 5 o'clock, this little town was
the scene of most unusual bustle and animation. The no-
mination of the candidates to serve in Parliament for
Greenwich was fixed for this morning at 9 o'clock. We
were not aware that it was at so early an hour, and hence
our regret that we are unable to give the speeches of the
candidates and of their friends at greater length than we
now .10.
The hustings are erected in the centre of the town, and
are very commodious. The number of flags thatsurrounded
the hustings, and were carried throughout the borough,
as well as those suspended from the windows of a vast
number of houses, was exceedingly great. They were not
only very numerous, but remarkably handsome. The can-
didates for nomination were Mr. Barnard, Captain Dun
das, Mr. Angerstein, Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Penn.
Mr. Angerstein's colours were light blue ; Mr. Barnard's
orange ; Captain Dundas's dark blue and light blue ; and
Mr. Hammond's blue and white. We did not see any
waved by the friends of Mr. Penn.
Captain J. B. Dundas was nominated by Mr. Adam
Gordon, and seconded by Mr. Harwood.
Mr. Hammond was nominated by Mr. Burt, and
seconded by Mr. Willett.
Mr. Penn was put in nomination by Mr. Powles, and
seoonded by Mr. Lambert.
Mr. Barnard was proposed by Mr. Haycroft, and se-
conded by Mr. Alexander.
Mr. Angerstein was nominated by Mr. Pearson, end
seconded by Sir John Webb.
Mr. Barnard was received with great applause. In his
address he pledged himself to support the present Ministers
to the utmost of his power in their future efforts, which
he was sure would be iu attempts to bring forward such
measures as would be calculated to benefit society at large.
'they had done much—they merited the gratitude of the
country, and were well deserving of the future confidence
of the people. Should he be returned as one of the re-
presentatives of those whom he addressed, he assured
them that his utmost exertions would be used to get the
taxation of the country reduced to the utmost extent
possible, sensible as he was of the great evils that had been
brought upon the working and meritorious classes of so-
ciety by the oppressive taxation which had been so
long levied upon them. He was likewise a decided enemy
to slavery, and would lose no opportunity of advocating its
abolition.

Mr. ANGERSTEIN made a long but ineffective attempt
to be heard. Before he withdrew be did seem to open
his mouth once or twice, but not one syllable that he ut-
tered (if he said any thing) was allowed to be heard, we
are sure, even by himself.
Captain DUNDAS was at times loudly cheered, though
occasionally he received no very delicate volleys of disappro-
bation, but these he sustained wish characteristic bravery.
As regarded the duration of Parliaments, he thought seven
years too long, and on the other hand three too short.
There never had been a Parliament yet, in which
there had not been an immense number of peti-
tions presented to the House of Commons against
the return of certain Members—those petitions were al ways
referred to Committees, and it was at soonest the month
of May before constituents knew who their representatives
were to be. The greater part of the second year was
frittered away, often not very profitably, and just when
the important business of the Session was commencing,
or had been entered upon : if the Parlinnents were to be
triennial, a dissolution would have to take place.
Under such circumstances, should a division take place upon
this question, he would prefer voting for a five years' Par-
liament, rather than one of either seven or three years'
duration. He was an uncompromising enemy to slavery;
and though he would advocate its abolition, yet he would
do so, persuaded, as he was, that by the entire aboli-
ion of such a system of degradation the British
merchant would not be allowed to be damni li
-

fled. One distinct pledge he would unhesitatingly
give, and that was, that should he be ordered abroad
(which he hoped in God he never would be,) that moment
he would resign his seat in Parliament.—(Cheers.) Then
again, as to flogging ; he had been 25 years on hoard a
man-of_war ; he was pretty well known now in Green-
wich Hospital, and he had never yet flogged one man—an
act known only for Britons to be ashamed of.—(lmmense
applause.) Whether elected or not, we had such a regard
for this village, that he would never pass within 10 miles
of it without going down to see it.—(Great cheering.)
Mr. HAMMOND was some time before he could obtain a

bearing, and throughout he was only indistinctly heard.
In the first place, if returned to Parliament, he would
vote against the tithes, and against the House,
and window-taxes, because they pressed hard on the
poor. If taxation was to be continued at all, he was one
who could not agree to the burden being placed on one
and not on another—there ought, undoubtedly, to be an
equality in this respect. Triennial Parliaments ought
and would take place ; and so would vote by ballot. As
he stood there, so he pledged himself, that, if returned to

. .
Parliament for the borough of Greenwich—(Great
laughter, confusion, and cries of ': Never, never")—he
would assist to the utmost in bringing those desirable ends
round.

Mr. PENN said that Greenwich bad now been ho.

noured with the elective franchise, but so great a boon
would prove to be of no advantage unless the electors re-
turned Members who would take the means of bettering
the condition of their constituents. To better that condi-
tion, representatives would have to seek for the cause that
had brought them into a situation requiring to be bet-
tered ; and he had no hesitation in saying that the whole
and sole cause of all the mischief that had fallen on the
public was the excessive taxation with which it had
been so long burdened. It was ridiculous to talk of not
removing one tax without substituting another—the taxes
must be taken off.—(Cheers.) The system of taxation
could not go on much longer without producing that
dreadful confusion which it would be to the interest of
all to prevent. Still it was necessary that the removal of
the taxes should take place constitutionally, and it was for

:he electors to choose representatives who would do it

fearlessly and effectually.—( Cheers.) How were they to send
such men? Under the present system he would say they had
❑o power of doing so.—(Disapprobation.) The electors
could not but already have begun to filel the want of vote
by ballot, because the most unwarrantable means had
been resorted to to send men to Parliament on this occa-
sion, who were any thing but the friends of the people.—
(Great hissing and confusion.) In all the philosophical
and respectable societies in London, Members were elected
by ballot. Election by ballot could produce injury to
no man, and it was absolutely necessary that that
system of proceeding should be had recourse to. He
did not think the gentlemen who had preceded him
in their addresses to the electors hail been explicit enough
as to what they would do if they should get into Parlia-
ment. For his own part, he would take away the taxes,
and then leave the Ministers to carry on the Government
in an economical way. If a collector of rates was detected
in squandering away the moneys he had collected, the pa-
rishioners would take good care that he had nut the op-
portunity of doing so again. Government after Govern-
meut, it is well known, had been most profligate in the
expenditure of the people's money, and why should they
not now bestir themselves to prevent a continuance of the
abuse? He would take away the taxes on windows—
also the corn and hop duties, and by that means render
the Englishman's fire-side what it was when he was
a boy—comfortable and happy, with a barrel of
beer in the corner of the room.—(Cheers and laughter.)
Could any body say that the tithes were beneficial to re-
ligion ?—(Cries of " No, no, no.") They were a
disgrace to religion, because they were most un-
just. Dissenters who never frequented the Church.
but were as truly pious as any set of church-
men who ever lived, were compelled to pay tithes.—
(Cries of " Shame, shame.") Should he go into the House
of Commons he would bring forward the motions to the
effect to which he had adverted, and however insignificant
he might be when he got there he would soon feel be be-
come of importance, because he would have the whole of
the nation at bis back to support him. The electors
would have themselves to blame if they failed now in
sending in su,•h men as would thus exert themselves in
their behalf. They would not find themselves disappointed
i❑ him.

Mr. PowLEs and Mr. HARTNELL both endeavoured to
obtain a hearing, but such was the confusion and noise
which prevailed that they were obliged to desist.
Mr. ANGERSTEIN, for the second time presented him-
self but with as little success, and at length he was ob-
liged to retire.

Mr. HITCHEN then came forward and obtained a
partial hearing. He stated that the present as -
setnbly had a most important duty to perform,
namely, to see which two of the five candidates
were the fittest to represent them in Parliament.
They should not allow their feelings to carry them
away from the question, but they should listen
to those who were inclined to give there good advice. He
had some questions to put to the candidates, whose hopes of
success, in his opinion, ought to depend upon whether
they were answered fairly, for the electors should take
particular care that the borough of Greenwich

was not set down as a mere rotten hnronah
