MEMBER RETURNED.

SCOTLAND.
Stetuarlry of Kirkcudbright—R. C. Ferguson, Esq.

STATE OF POLLS.

ENGLAND AND WALES.
Essex, Aug. la. Leicestershire, Aug. 10,
Tyrell
Western
,Wellesley 1999 F. Paget, Esq 1569

AFFAIR OF HONOUR.

NO. 1......M1te STArYLTON TO MR. DRODUIIAM.

York, August 11, 1830.
SlR,—After a very few hours in London, I read in the
Times of Monday, and was much concerned to see, the
report of your speech on Thursday night at York, com-
pelling my immediate return to this county.
The term " paltry insect" is not allowable in contro-
versies among gentlemen, and I sincerely hope you will do
me the honour immediately in writing to express your
regret for the inadvertence of applying it to me.
Mr. Newman, who obliges ins by delivering this, will
convey to me your sentiments, and is fully authorised to
express mine on this painful subject, if required.

I have the honour to be, Sir,
Your obedient bumble servant,
MARTIN STAPYLTON.
To Henry Brougham, Esq., M.P.
NO. 2.--stn. NEWMAN TO MR. BROUGHAM.

Newcastle, August 13th, 1830.

Sin,--The inclosed letter (No. I), I have the honour
to convey to you from Mr. Stapylton, who has authorized
roe to receive your answer.—Waiting the same,
I have the honour to remain, Sir,
Your most obedient bumble servant,
DAVID NEWAIAN.

To Henry Brougham, Esq. M.P.
NO. BROUGHAM TO MR. NEWMAN.

Millar's Lodgings, Friday evening.
Mr. Brougham's compliments to Captain Newman, and
will thank him to do him the favour of calling on him
now as Mr. Brougham is prevented by particular business
from going out. _ _

Aninterrview then took place betwixt Mr. Brougham,
Mr. Williams (as Mr. Brougha►n's friend) and Mr. New-
man, who requested a communication of Mr. Brougham's
sentiments in writing, and apprized him that they would
probably ha published.

Soon after the interview Mr. Williams called upon Mr.
Newman, and delivered to him the following letter;--

NO. 4.--mti. BROUGHAM TO MR. NRWMAN.

Newcastle, Aug. 13th, 1930.
Szn,—l have received your letter in which you refer me
to Mr. Stapylton's complaint; I had, according to a news •
paper report, applied to him the epithet---" paltry insect"
on the hustings at York. What expression I may have
used, I really cannot take upon me to state. I have not
the least recollection, nor have you any, as you say, of
those he refers to. But, at all events, lam quite certain I
did not apply them to him in the offensive manner he sup-
poses, and I have a distinct recollection of having con-
cluded whatever I did say, with disavowing all personal
hostility towards him. This disclaimer, I see, stated in
the only report of the proceedings which I happen to
have read.

1 have the honour to be,
Your obedient and humble servant,
H. BROUGHAM.

Capt Newman.

No, 0,...1111t. STAPTI.TON TO MR. RROUGUAM•

Mr. Stapylton has the honour to return thanks to Mr.
Brougham for his obliging explanation in his letter toMr.
Newman, and for the honourable readiness with which it
has been conveyed to him.
August Is, ISSO.

His MAJESTY, at the inspection of the sth
Regiment of Life Guards on Saturday, was exposed to a
very heavy rain for nearly one hour and a half, whilst thous
of his servants, &c., who could procure such conveniences
were not backward in availing themselves of umbrella..
Prince LitoroLD took the weather side of his MAJRISTY,
in order to screen him ; at this the Kura smiled re•
peatedly.—liforra rig Paper.

Whatever objection others Powers of Europe
may have to the occupation of Algiers by the French, such
objection will not be the only difficulty the conquerors
will have to overcome in retaining possession of the place.
From several private letters in the Paris journals, it ap-
pears that the troops are daily exposed to attacks from the
Arabs in the surrounding mountains, and to insurrections
and assassinations within the town. It is said in one letter
that an attempt has been made to poison the soldiers with
bread, and that some who had partaken of it bad died,
while others remained sick. It is stated by the Natitmal
that discontent in the army is general, and all the letters
from Algiers are full of complaints against the Corn-
mander-in-Chief, to whose mismanagement the unfavour-
able situation of the army is attributed. The troops, it
seems, call for a court-martial on their General, and
when the previous unpopularity of llotraatowr has re-
ceived such an aggravation, it may be presumed that this
call will not be disregarded. General CLAUSE'. left Paris
on Friday for Toulon, where he embarks, with a commis-
sion to supersede BounxtoNT in the government of Al-
giers.— Times.

A respectable meeting of the inhabitants of
Birmingham was held no Wednesday last, to express the
sense of that town and neighbourhood relative to the late
events in Prance, and also to promote a subscription in aid
of the suffering and heroic inhabitants of Paris. Various
resolutions were agreed to, expressive of admiration of the
conduct of the brave men who were engaged in the late
conflict, and of the heroic valour of the people of France
generally. It was also agreed that a subscription should
be opened in the different banks of Birmingham for the
relief of those who bad suffered in the cause of freedom.

Mn. following descrip-
CAI of the chairing of the CIIANCmon of the Ex.
cuironett's effigy, in Armagh, upon his election for that
city, is taken from an Irish Orange Paper, in which there
is a violent tirade against those who returned the Hight
lion. Gentleman, anti a threat against the Duke of WEL-
LtriwroN, of visiting him with the fate of PohlosrAc
The hour of election no sooner arrived than n confused
crowd, of various ranks- of society, rushed N the hlarket.
house. All was still as death, till GOULUURN'a name was
announced. A general hiss then commie:teed, and was
kept up for some time. The Sovereign endeaioured,
but in vain, to suppress this ebullition Of popular feeling.
The hisser, accompanied with shouts of ' No oournuaN,"
were continued. The unworthy cnntlidate, however,
amidst groans and hisses, was (I blush to say it) elected ;
and the multitude, seeing their opposition useless, gave
three cheers, in deafening shouts far the French revolution !
The election was followed by the customary chairing,
Hut the Hon. Member, who is to misrepresent the citizens
of Armagh in the ensuing Parliament, having prudently
consulted his own safety by remaining in England, a
two-fared effigy, admirably executed, representing the tax
Chancellor, was in consequence soon manufactured, The
painter, who delineated the lion. Financier's countenance,
did it great justice. On one front was placarded, in legible
character., ' Gott t.nuarr, the Member forArtnagh, a Friend
to Taxation, an Enemy to the Liberty of the Pros;' on the
b
other, Gooi.uuaw, the Member foe Artnag, the Duke's
Parasite, and the Invader of the nights of the People.'
The effigy was mounted on a cart, anti carried, amid,t the
hisses, groans, shouts, and execrations of the crowd, through
English-street, Thomas-street, and Dolibin•street, fur the
purpose, it is said, •of making a present of the two-faced
Member to his Orem The priucipal gate, however, was
closed, and an entrance was in vain attempted at the
f,!'cotch-street gate. The procession then returned, amidst
the continued shouts of the -populace, mad the graceful
leowing of the Hon. Member in the cart, up Scotch-street,
to the Market-house. The effigy Was then suspended by
the neck front a tamp iron ; after remaining there a short
time, it was cut down and quartered by the crowd, who
into the dust Of the etreet,em hist the dim's of theiropulacei"
tore the materials into a thousand pieces, and hurled them

FRANCE.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Aua. I.
Vice-President—M. LAFITTE.

M. G. de la Rochefoucauld appeared at the tribune
and said, I have the honour to submit to the Chamber
a project of a law of the highest importance and the
most urgent necessity. In consequence of the late
events, the commerce of Paris is suffering.—(Con-
siderable stir in the Assembly).
Several voices—lt must be sent to the bureaux.
M. de Rochefoucauld--I do not ask leave to ex-
plain the grounds of my proposition; but I entreat
the Chamber to hear me on matters of the greatest
urgency.
Several voices—No no.

M. de Rochefoucauld—lt is in accordance with
the Minister of Finance that I propose to you this
important measure. On its immediate adoption may
depend the fate of the capital, and prevent between
this and to-morrow several failures which may other-
wise occur in Paris.—(Much disturbance.)
Several voices—Read, read l Others—No, no
in the bureaux. The standing rules are against it.
The President (ringing his bell)—Gentlemen, the
standing rule does in effect oppose the reading of
the proposition which M. de la Rocbefoucauld is
about to read you. I know it, but circumstances are
urgent. The proposition is of the deepest im-
portance, and it may have a bad result if the
Chamber does not listen to it without delay.
M. Augustin Perier—l hear of the urgency, but
have as yet seen no evidence of it. There are
amongst us Ministers who tell us that they know
nothing of the motives which have led to this in-
cident. If, however, one of them should appear in
this tribune and point out to us the perils of the
situation of the commerce of Paris, and the urgency
of succour required, I shall be the first. to vote for
the putting aside of the standing order; but till then
I must remind the Chamber of it.

M. le Baron Louis ascended the tribune. (Pro-
found silence. Gentlemen, (said the Minister of
Finance,) some of my colleagues informed me, at
my entrance to the Chamber, of the embarrassments
experienced on the Exchange of Paris by a certain
number of persons whom the sudden panic would
not allow to meet their acceptances. They think
that Government should allow a certain sum to be
devoted to discounts. I replied that the Govern-
ment could not dispose but of those sums for which
regular credits were opened by the law of the
budget. As to the proposition of M. Gaetan do la
Rochefoucauld, which he said he presented in ac-
cordance with me, I declare that I have never ex-
changed one word with him.—(Expressions of sur-
prise in the meeting.)
M. de la Rochefoucauld—l ask pardon of the Mi-
nister of Finance, it was in the presence of Messrs.
Odier and Jacques Lefevre that I had the honour
to mention and discourse upon this object. I affirm,
moreover, that a meeting of manufacturers took
place to discuss the means of private credit, since
the bankers refused assistance.—(Considerable in-
terruption.)

Several voices—Enough, enough! In the bureaux.
M. Dupin, sen.—l demand attention to the stand-
ing order. The Chamber can only exist by proper
forms. I call attention to this. You would avoid
anarchy, and are falling into it yourselves. If every
one were to talk as suited him, upon motives of
urgency, each would have most powerful ones to
mention : and from urgency to urgency, precipitat-
ing your deliberations, you would deprive of consi-
deration all your acts. It must not be so. One
says—the proposition is grave; well, let it be taken
to the bureaux, then it will be considered; and after
this previous consideration, we shall at last discuss
with a knowledge of the matter before us. I demand
the observance of the standing orders.—(From all
sides, " Supported, supported.")
The proposal of M. Dupin was adopted; and
whilst the Chamber retired to the bureau; the sit-
ting was suspended.
At three o'clock M. Benjamin Delessert took the
Chair which M. Lafitte bad vacated, and the sitting
was resumed. " "

M. Gaetan de la Roehefoucauld in the tribune—
Gentlemen, I have had the honour to submit to you
project of a law, which was proposed to me by
several first-rate merchants; as a proof of this, to-
day or to-morrow there will be measures taken for
the benefit of commerce, by which the most perfect
security will be effected. In consequence I with-
draw my proposal.

M. Lufitte then appeared at the tribune (the most
profound silence—Cilentlemen, (said the lion. Vice-
President), I have but few words to say. I shall
begin first by declaring to the Chamber, that I have
been for some days past a stranger to the financial
operations of my house, entirely absorbed as I have
been in public affairs, to which, I have devoted my
strength and my time : whilst I do justice to the
measure proposed to the Chamber by M. do la
Itochefoucauld, I must say that it is at this moment
superfluous. I acknowledge, as be does, that a
series of glorious events have suspended all com-
mercial operations, and that a temporary panic may
have existed amongst the manufacturers of this capital.
However, these houses are not deprived of their usual
bills, and if the bank do not accept them at sight, it is
because they are deficient in the necessary forms.
But what the Bank cannot do, the bankers will.
To-morrow there will be a meeting of the principal
capitalists; they will take measures to facilitate the
prompt negotiation of matters in suspense. I en-
treat the Chamber not to occupy itself any longer
with the subject. I declare that commerce is in
perfect security. I have a conviction that to-
morrow all will be in order, and that commerce will
effect all for herself.—(Unanimous marks of the
greatest satisfaction.)
After some other formal business, the Sitting was
adjourned.
SITTING 01' AUGUST 13.

The Ministerial bench was occupied by MM.
Dupont (of l'Eure), Gurzot, General Gerard, Mole,
the Duke de Broglie, and Baron Louis, all dressed
in plain clothes.
I'he President read letters which he had received
from MM. Count de St. Gary, Count de la Po-
therie, and Chabrol de Volvic, expressing the dis.
inclination of those persons to take the Sew oath,
and their resignation of their trust as Deputies.

M. Eusebe Selverte ascended the tribune to un-
fold a proposition thus conceived :
" The Chamber accuses of high treason the Mi-
nisters who signed the Address to the King, and the
ordinances of the 20th of July, 1830."
" Gentlemen," said he, " when I present myself
before you to accuse men whom a defeat as complete
as deserved has hurled from their height of power I
experience a sentiment which I am sure will find a
sympathy in your minds. I think of their misery;
and if this thought has not stopped me in the execu-
tion of a sacred duty, it imposes on me the obliga-
tion to ask myself at every step if the memory of our
slaughtered brothers does not resound too powerfully
in the mind, and if the men whose culpability I pro-
claim could not find in their conjectures the hutted
which pursues them, the horror which overwhelms
them. Faithful to this obligation, I shall obtain
your approbAtion, and that of the generous people
whom I have the honour to represent : the people
thirst for justice, and not for vengeance. The Ses-
sion of 1829 finished in profound calm--a Session
fruitful in luminous discussions, which only had for
results promises and explanations. This is all that
the Chambers had obtained from the Crown, and—
let us confess it—all they had asked. In the hope
that so many modifications would carry their fruits to
the following Session, the people reposed for the fu-
ture on opinion, which they were determined to think
good and pure, and on truths, the evidence of which
must terminate by striking the eyed.ls,:iremisntoosbtsrteitsastlteeslsy,
closed against the light. With labour and industry
i
avveloa
fks
al
trouble
icious
iellemdooi
rsreeodvi
seor b
tranquillityoictiiiirillttleya:merpeooaistnnottdtteihuieei pl
least tiNpyomerlviepeei
police,
peace-
able,aws.
never was a throne less menaced with storms.
It was at this moment that the Ministry was entirely
changed. The impatient interpreter, of the anti-

national' faction announced to us that the line of the
new Ministry was the overthrowing of all our liber-
ties. I will not recall to you facts of secondary im-
portance ; eight months elapsed in the midst of the
utmost diequietudes, and yet peace was not broken
for a single moment. The period for opening the
session of 1830 arrived. On that solemn occasion
the Ministers placed in the mouth of the Prince
words eminently unconstitutional. The Royal power
which, according to the regulations of the charter,
could not effect any act of legislation without the con-
currence of the two other powers, was represented
as being determined, and if need were, by force, to
overcome, the obstacles opposed to its wish. To
this declaration the elective Chamber answered by an
address which was prepared by men who were notori-
ously friends not only of monarchy but of the reigning
dynasty and the person of the monarch. The pro-
rogation, and then the dissolution of the Chamber
were the answer which Ministers made to this ad-
dress. I do not condemn these last acts, although
nothing justified their rigour. Ministers called upon
the nation to judge between them and its repre-
sentatives. Thus far they were within the consti-
tutional line' but they were not slow to depart from
it. It was difficult to doubt their intention, when
we saw sitting amongst the number of counsellors
of the Crown a man labouring under a sinister cele-
brity.—(Strong sensation.)—l should speak of this
man only with the utmost reserve, for I have once al-
ready been his accuser. I may be allowed to say,that
his name recalls to the recollection of France
the events of Colmar--4he law of the right . of
primogeniture, the law termed that of justice
and love, the dissolution of the National Guard
of Paris, the massacre of the Rue St. Denis, in 1827.
He appeared, and the anti-national party declared
that his appointment completed the Ministry of the
Bth of August. Soon, indeed, a proclamation was
addressed to the electors of all France in the'name
of the King. In this document Ministers made the
Prince speak like an absolute master, who was
offended by the most moderate and respectful repre-
sentations. Such language attacked the rights of
the nation, and at the same time compromised the
psuecrsho
inaanl
gi
un
at
ge ree st s of
mean,
the
except
Monarch.tha tit Whath ep riniene,fac tli d
tread-
ing the Charter underfoot, wished to reduce the
representative Government to the state of a wretched
puppet-show, where the representatives of the people
would become rebels, unless they did not servilely
agree to all the votes which Ministers should dictate
to them ? During nine months Ministers were en-
gaged in filling the offices and tribunals with men
devoted to their projects. They supposed, them- '
selves sufficiently strong to exact, during the elect-
tions, a blind so-operation on the part of all officers
receiving pay from Government. They openly pro-
fessed that every man paid by the money which the
nation intrusted to Government ought to vote as
the agents of power prescribed to him, and if they
wished it, against the nation. Here I direct your
attention to a real crime—l do not speak of the
offence provided for in the penal code, which con•
sists in violently disturbing the citizens in the free
exercise of their political rights. I speak of a
system tending to corrupt public morality, theemost
valuable possession which a civilized people can
have--a system by which a citizen on accepting a
place under, the Government would be understood
to sell to the Ministers of the day, whoever .they
might be, not only his time and his labour, but also
his opinion, his conscience, and his sentiment of
duty. To aid manoeuvres, the execution of which
was rendered difficult by the law of 1828, loyal
functionaries were deprived of their offices. Me-
nacing circulars terrified the electors, 'and in the
South of France other weapons than menaces were
employed. Conscientious electors, and the'Deputy
who was the object of their choice, were compelled
to fly from the daggers of assassins. These were
acts which the authorities of Montauban tolerated
and excused, and even applauded,
,and which Mi-
nisters would not prosecute, but wished to be
allowed to sink into oblivion." The .orator then
expressed his opinion that the Chamber ought to
institute an inquiry respecting the authors of the
first events at Montauban, and also respecting the
manoeuvres employed to falsify, corrupt, anti enslave
the operations of the electoral colleges generally.
An inquiry, lie thought, should likewise take place
in order to ascertain what foundation there was for
the generally received opinion, that Ministers had
solicited the support of foreign Governments, in
order to ensure the success of their projects. An
investigation, finally, should bring to light the origin
of the burnings which have desolated the west and
the north of France—(Hear, hear,)—the instigators
of which had, as it were, by miracle escaped all the
researches of a police so dearly paid. He would
content himself with remarking, that these burnings
and the tumults excited at Montauban, by the con-
tinental faction, had alone disturbed the tranquillity
of France. Notisithatanding the general anxiety,
the course of the Government did not meet with
the least obstacle, and the Ministers who, since the
month of August, 1829, had plotted the overthrow
of the laws, were still obeyed without contradic-
tion, up to July, 1830, in every thing which
they presented in the name of the laws. The
political attitude of the nation was not less en-
couraging. In the greater part of the kingdom the
elections were the exact and faithful expression of
the national conscience. Whatever honour the elec-
tions might have conferred on the Deputies—what-
ever might be the sentiment of public interest which
dictated them, lie did not hesitate to say that no
person ought to have been more obliged to them
than the Prince himself, to whom they were repre-
sented as a series of acts of revolt. If the throne,
shaken by so many and such glaring faults, could
have been re-established on a solid foundation, that
basis was to have been found in the constitutional
elections. The Deputies could vouch for the fact.
The people a ho sent them there did not wish for
new revolutions, not from weakness or fear, as had
been well proved, but from the love of order, and
from regard to their oaths. The dismissal of a
Ministry marked by universal reprobation, and laws
calculated to guarantee the future against the return
of the past, these were all that the Deputies were
charged to obtain. Confined strictly within consti-
tutional limits, they were bound, in order to attain
their object, to employ only the arms which the
charter hail placed in their hands, and to refuse to
confide the treasure raised from the nation to
functionaries who did not enjoy the confidence of
openly
on
nd
Ebtheueyro nation.l,tolheoacktl
declared
rdtSehdueocy,
had
awEd theirausnr
Europe
noaist:nriehteotislenttti:eteolai,
r?rraierstrior oyaeoob,drcji
destruction
tesisers)ci'ttsdhtiriruirospcii
cnuonloiteesi
odiv;eantixlrebtiti:eortiviyyeaft.
f
:lass resorted
Ilt to,
re
peon
rdt stvoh
the
which
tcipmlw:hortgiuiecubl,ssili
irltireci,eniipat,pleo,ci.ecbirttaeat,o:stir,snt
necessarily
ollahiyrtcolosiboti%livitlitvel
elitecidoihdteecolymi‘ifeviai
observe,King,ty.
o
aritdh
at
tistliiegitehnoeermddolintr:a)cdyinis:
ordinances
fin
coefs thebei
being
of July, were
w every
hol
eboofd y.
the
Ministers,would
they were, like the report, the work of the Ministers,
and engaged their responsibility for the whole. Had
not the Deputies, on reading over those acts, al.
lowed theinselVes to be led away to consider them
under a point of view very different from that which
now occupied them ? Had they not asked them-
selves whether the advisers of the Prince could have
imagined any thing which could tarnish his charac-
ter more, or subject him more decidedly to the
shame attached to falsehood? After adverting to the
measures taken for destroying the liberty of the press,
and corrupting the elections, and to the dissolution
of the Cliamberof Deputies, before it had a legal exist-
ence, the orator observed that at no period had power
united with more audacity insult with injustice, or
sported with greater contempt with its own oaths,
and the rights sad destinies of a great people.
Something would have been wanting to the execu-
tion of the Ministers' plan if they had not main-
tained the public hope and security to the last mo-
ment. This was accordingly done, and the two
Chambers were convoked for the 3d of August.
The Deputies from all parts of France prepared to

intention of Ministers, ceased to exist. It whijhee
proceed to an assembly which had, already 'l4C.file
lieved, and not without probability, that this-Blowy
convocation was not made without a designieetliat
the Ministers wished to bring within their reach the
Deputies who had offended them by theitloyalletes
—that tables of conscription were prepared, end
that exile, transportation, and death were tbei'm
compenses promised to the voters of the addteu.
Inquiry would settle this point. Ministers knew that
violence would be necessary for the maiden-Of
their tyrannical ordinances. They were prepared
to call into action an armed force capable of Or
pressing all resistance. Already charges of, iter
darmerie punished the clamours, the complaintsete
murmurs which indignation extorted from unarmed
men. But soon the Parisian people no longer'cole.
fined themselves to such demonstrations of their
feelings. They knew their rights, they felt tinit
power, and they fought, and their defensive position
was soon converted into a formidable offensive ella
Death exhibited on every side, and each blow t
it struck destroyed a Frenchman. To Aster
meditated massacres, but the issue of which illse
happily changed by the bravery of the peelltt
seemed difficult to add a crime. Seine 'IwZ,
citizens imagined that their voices whit!' wiltr-
tened to by people might also gain attentil
men in power. In order to stop the effesion
they endeavoured to make the truth, Moll
Throne ; they pointed out all the meant 411
the lives of many thousand Frenchmen valet_
dressed themselves to the chief of the araltlsw".
and through him to the Ministers. Their cigrts
sell!, their remonstrances, their PetrilliciPlest
were rejected. Death or sub raistdimniges'
was the only alternative which the
left to the people. In the reemons,__ e 4
ting of the 7th of August the.. De 15441,45-4
the Member, for Correze (M. Alexis da
affirm, that the Ministers then took on theft
all the responsibility of the refusal, and 7to
would not permit intelligence of the COUW,:oid
reach the Prince, nor the propositions which hie
have put an end to it. This cruel and
treason to the King's confidence would aPlnirin' jo
credible, and yet it was difficult to doubt •t,
the official journal of the 27th and 28th of .101//Ptln
ed in ensanguined Paris, it was stated, attirethic
leagues from thence, the Court was °cc"„oleiiiine
hunting, receptions, etiquette, and all the. NOP-
of a brilliant Court, a stranger, he woulatfoitsl
scenes of horror and blood, but to the holLir-eftke
solicitude. An ordinance declared the oisPit-,-0,
kingdom to be in a state of siege. Igilitt;igte
rity was about to reign there alone, and te!7"who
condemnations at the pleasure of the Mimi''
believed themselves already triumphant. to
received this announcement in such a rellemr,,
spread among the besiegers the terror'swe
wished to inspire. All classes--all ages: coo.
combatants,—heroes, who, to the most .011-
rage united the truest humanity, and_..l7
restedness so rare in conquerors, was 1110
conquerors who were indigent, and sorbs,„mott.
scarcely covered with rags. But let there'll:7ol
gret that the Ministers remained deaf t°,,'"'''oool
of pacific men ; the immortal victims 01 toMair
days would disown them if they did. The PT 00.
ties
tot the
the combat
triumphan o
defomlibpelerttye,suacessea
sittoottors
cess a o r
y f
overthrow, without any chance of return, pc; 00.
mies of the people, the favourers of AWL his
vernment. He would willingly wander r 7.
,to
subject, and withdrawing their attention (11'1
guilty vanquished, fix it exclusively one l 41°
nimous conquerors; but at least he was la
say that glorious recollections subdued I oiled
meets of grief, that cries of victory and libel,. jot
the sobs of regret, and the groans of sufferintjeo
orator then called upon the Chamber t 0 to
whether the Ministers who had signed the "FM
the King, and the ordinances of the 28th !.the
had not concurred and attempted to exe°rrnipil
project of destroying the Charter in 11'2tdee,of 1
basis, and of substituting a complete $4,," which,
slavery for the imperfect system of libertflcered
thanks to the energy of the public mind, 'Talents'
seen developed, though very slowly, the c*.i'dideog
of the impreocriptible rights of the peoPh"bllol,b,
rest that proposition on suspicions which 12,,,VeP
had adopted, and which an investigatio "1-„o
.0 ato
confirm. He confined himself to Whop oyes
Ministers in the speech from the throne
ttf
language which freed that power from the
sr
of having the concurrence of the two other 7riltp
of the legislature. They attacked puhlic!'nortei
by promulgating the abuse of power oat, u„i'oo 0
Government, and the abrogation of eouee.rto
the part of citizens. They endeavoarenci, 0'
fluence the elections by corruption, alliantotieln'
lence, and assassination. In the Royal Pais
stituted, not
tion they did riot hesitate to represent et only
of revolt an act perfectly constitutional, the
nated from the elective Chamber. Unue,`,,ot eon'
, surd pretext of dissolving the Chamber OA' oosiel
yet existing, they ottemptee bthe
the right of abrogating the elections
French people. By an ordinance theY:hjelyst
to destroy the liberty of the Preei,a;4ll',lfr
principle by
recognized in principle and placed un-; he
guarantee of the law by urticle eight 0' ~,evert
ter. By an ordinance they attempted
,tot is
the electoral institution, which was gusts !oil
laws, and to substitute for it a system ef tiliotefrol
of which the violation of the secrecy of v° foe ,
the absolute power of the agents of authon'Yacti, Jr
the Charter and e,itablished ?oe
the
" If such
principal bases. To support 000000
structive of all the rights of the nation, odothe4
armed the soldiers against citizens, alto 'l' dos
destroy each other. Being asked to stOttof t
nage, they continued it until the coolgtotiesq;
Parisians triumhed over their sanguinary 0,, do no
constitute high treason, in the term' envco tetra
Charter as it existed until the end of 181,lotiles
responsibility a dream, law a fiction, 11°"
name."trill'
t° Le
During this speech, which was listen'''. in se
attention throughout, no Deputies were see
The question was then
two first sections of the right.
/eed 1 gni
acts}' continued M. SAlverie, of th 0
ote~
From all sides—Supported
put tO teaof tbr~
unanimously, with the excel)"; oetilli"
Members on the centre droil. It is consetion it,
ferred to a commission, who will report uP rovitY
l'Abbtly de Pompiiires proposed te
r
COMt°
a law of election for thenecessityofllo
Chamber, or to renew it entirely. Pleat e
M. l'Abbay de Pompitlres---At thie d ore cir.
Chamber is incomplete, and we rrogYtdo the ot
at some time too few to deliberate. Poo balle'l
cumstances which have just occurred, Y
been able to examine how far your P":ed tee it"'
toehave seen the danger, and confine that P,44
he hands of a citizen Prince. Now ot 00;0
restored to order—or rather we have ti te.olect'eto,
it—we must instantly provide for ptneeyetol ,in ti'
made necessary by the dismissal 0' lip, eerea:d,
here. I propose to the Chamber (
an express law) to decree some teallw titeleen.6
e
0r..0r rsosT.-
which, by getting rid of double vote 's
too
shall contribute in a more constitutional
The Minister of the Interior-41p_, firall°'f,•ree
the replacing of the dismissed Minnie: onneir tao
to the Chamber, that the Government Ihe see:
make, to-morrow, a communication 1,.1 wooel;
and to present a plan for the toile:Ito/ lace'
to be adopted at the elections about too
ie.
("Bravo of
Several voices—With the anni
cond vote.) l his ft° to
delete'.
M. l'Abb4 de Pompieres with relP
tion ; and after some conversationou, in future
the mode in which the budget 11?
presented, the Chamber adjourned
f satordeP
)
(From the Gazette de .Pram ct °
.1115, pair. line
Ft* in ths Is'of
It is observed with astonishmen, lotion ore
dons to employments in the adoltilon; 0„/301017., of
departments that some of the per firi lor
he WWI
entire strangers to the place', t 'hilati the

hiehieli` they ire to organize. Doubtless no time
ihorld,belost in .filling.up,the vacancies, and mak-
jing Indispensable changes, but 'general knowledge
would be but a very imperfect substitute for the
:advantage of having a Prefect or Sub-Prefect well
,:acquainted with persons and places, and capable of
, what ought to be disregarded or adopted.
'The Journal du Commerce says—" The definitive
'fartnlition of the .Ministry presents an innova-
• h- appears
ben' Which= to us to be conformable
"to'ihe- nature of a constitutional Government.
`The Council of Ministers is composed, besides the
besid.of the departments, of four members, who have
lio.porieenille. In England the King's Council is
farmed of the cabinet, properly so called, composing
the Becrettuies of State and different functionaries
andodiceri. This institution, from which the Go-
viinriient' May derive much aid, either in its own
councils or in the legislative debates, will inherit a
part of the• functions of the Council of State, and
wildoabtless .relieve the budget from the onerous
Inaperfatation.of 'the Ministers ef. State and of the
Prilfreouuell..; The Council of Nlinisters is cam-
?Pled c'f•vfirYinlightened citizens, whose names are
. *pledge,ferthe wisdom of the deliberations on sub-
pa Or Oneralp6licy ; but those who like to see at
the:head of departments persons specially qualified for
them, riay not be equally satisfied with the' distribti-
llatrat the-Portobuilles. Except Messrs. Gerard,
Dupont, nnit Louis, the others seem to have bein
by chance into the posts which they occupy.
Ciuizot might exchange his portefeuille with. M.
de132431ie,M, ,Seb4ghtni his with that of M. Mnl6,
without detriment to any department.
M. Mold, who has been Director-General of the
Bridges and Highways, the Minister of Justice and
Minister of Marine, seems to be appointed to the
department of Foreign Affairs, to represent to Europe
`theindirersal knowledge of.our statesmen. •
At for the Marine, it seems that it would be ruined
if it had a seaman at the head of it. The choice of
M.Sebastiani promises at least that the abuses in
that department will be boldly attacked. Above all
Athinglia complete reform must be made in the per-
-4,114* PmPlaYed,,if it is intended to correct defects in
Penrgeniz*tion which so many people are intrusted
IP PorPetuating.
.iperSon altselied to the household of the Ducheis
or Beni reipiests' the publication of the following
• .14 T'> Duchess of Berri informs the persons who were
attached to her household, and those tradesmen' to whoM
farge thing is owing, that her situation has not made her
t:temSher engagements._ in consequence, her Royal High-
going to give orders for insuring the payment trf
re wages of all her t° servants, and for making arrangements
ea her. PSYO 11
,1100tras possible, those who may have any claims
(From the .3fissagsr des Chambras of Saturday.)
SECOND EDITION.
A letter ,frotn Chamber y says—" Chamb6ry is
t,!Fradtirftillgtiii; thanks to the prudence of our
"-mg; vitto has show:: himself almost a Constitutio-
nalist oil this occasion. 'When the first events were
announced 'to him, he said, So much the worse for
hirlesi since be had promised, he ought to have
kept his promise : a King has only his word.. The
•nverner
lilt Went to inquire of him what journals he
I, to admit: All, indiscriminately,' he replied:
eihe w
people must kno every thing.' This has
litown our nobility and clergy into consternation.--
'm
or three of your Archbishops have arrived
here; the King has received them very ill. They
nre lodged in t e Hotel of the Perfect Union. The
Ar:eibishop of Paris goes out only by night. The
Lin leaves us on Thursday : notwithstunding th
events at Paris, he goes every night to the theatre!" e
PARIS, AUG. 14 (slooN).
Notice has been given to the Cardinals, Arch-
bishops, and Bishops, who had quitted their diocesses,
et they may resume their apostolic labours without
fear of being molested by the Government.
We know from good authority that 3,000,000 of
(rapes from the subscriptions in England have been
Paid into the hands of M. Lafitte.
(From the Messager des Chambra.)
PARIS, SATURDAY, AWL 14.,
• " ORDINANCgS, OP THE KING. -
4 itLouiLouis,Philippe, King of the French.
,On the report, of our. Keeper of .the Seals, Secretary
,"/ State for the department of Justice, we have ordered as
renews.
" The ancient teak of state are suppressed.
" For the future, the seals of state will represent the
Arms of Orleans, surnioutitedsby a closed crown, with the
'sceptre and the hand of justice at the top, and tri-coloured
tiag• behind the escutcheon; and for motto, 'Louis Philippe
Iloi des Francais,' (King of the French)."
" Louis Philippe, King of the Fr•nch.
" Our accession to the Crown having rendered it ne-
telss/Y to determine the names and titles which our
fritiees, Princesses, and children, as well as our much-
" Owed sister, are henceforth to bear,
4' We have ordered as follows :
" The Princes, Princesses, our much•beloved children,
al well At our beloved sister, will continue the name and
r,411",s of Orleans. Our much-beloved eldest son, the
"Ice of Chartres, will take the title of Duke of Orleans.
filth second children will preserve the titles they have
rerto borne. Our much-beloved daughters and sister
i II hear no other title than that of Princesses of Orleans,
Itiognishing themselves by their Christian names."
" Louis Philippe, King of the French.
4n According to the article 63 of the Charter, authoriz-
-11 that the King should fix the decoration of the Legion
q""°11/, we have ordained as follows :-
17" rt. 1. The decoration of the Legion of Honour will
.114.' to bear the effigy of our great grandfather Henry
1_
00T glorious memory, with his name on the exergue ;
./T, n the other side in the middle of the medal the motto,
Aionneur et pair,
withtt• 2' The Grand Crones will bear the same effigy,
surr„„„!,!4ele motto in exergue, and the five points which
will be seParated b lances of tri-coloured flags."
44 I .
We Philippe, King of the French.
.7.e have ordained as follows
';The title of Monseigneur (my Lord) will no longer he
',14, to the Membeft of our Council of Ministers. They
"lbestyled Monsieur le Alinistre."
et LQui* Plifilippe, King of the French.
Ip,nrullide ring that the Navy has no commission corre-
_ gdy.tvith that of Marshal in the Army ; on the report
fuouiriohllvinister of Marine and Colonies, we have ordained
o
" Art. 1 . There is created in the Royal Corps of
lita.riie.s.thhree degrees of Admirals.
eyer T commission of Admiral will be assimilated in
Will Y reined to that of Marshal of France, The Admirals
prase t
Y :he frame honours and pay as the Marshals of
th dues
they will be ranked with them according to
ret of thoir commission."
I; Louis Philippe, King of the French.
4-the •
0,0 Marine epor. or our minister Secretary of State for
4111- and emionies, we have raised to the rank of
11'41' Vco-Admi I D I "
" W"%uni3P KiunPgerorf..the French.
Marshal - tiei raised to the dignity of Peers of France,
144ra
tsitt(puke of Dalmatia) and Admiral Duperti."
" the "IPPo. &c.
the
-oirtment rePort of our Minister Secretary of State for
meat of, the Public Instruction and Worship, Prosi-
L(!uneil of State, we have ordained as follows :
" Art.
Lettres At. Villemaine, Professor to the Faculty of
Men46o7,,,o,lember of the Chamber of Deputies, is named
" n! Royal Council of Public Instruction.
lastractioe .11:01 preeide at the Royal Council of Public
n in
(Another ace of the Minister."
n ear the raise. ordinunce nominates various legal op-
r in the rovinces.)
et Vine
' e" the
an officer arrived in Paris who quitted,
tr%v, he cortege of Charles X. The Ex. King
d very 'slowly, eilmotion y, and would not arrive at his
before Monday the 16th. He complains
Aisteyrrl'..itlartild observes that he ought riot to proceed
stiotot,'
.) five leagues a day, that consideration
Bible fo',.u?.: had hiB great age, mind that it is impos-
hirrnoli.,m intoproceed more speedily. He has only
, 0.00 of the Gerdes du Corps, in a state of
le,:e*t_lit.deJection The D •
: reale irrit . Dauphines is in a state :of
eienti.
_it, anon, The Duchess of Berri is suth.
ehiktrie_c anti is no longer in male attire. lier
itud
salute
are in utter ignorance doll which is passing,
Oth every body, I. It is said among the suite
d had "ft, that the King of the French, Philip
arable
ai°"red Charles a very fine house and a coat-
i' est • ()ad of ate which he possesses in the neighbour-
-41 he se7ieno, anhd is thought that the offer
'Med. Te vessels were ready at Cher-
i

LW The News Agent who supplies the Ev. H. Con.
DINGTON with ME Sux is informed that a
Letter lies for him at the Office.
