ESTABLISHED 1826.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION TO CHUR-
TON'S BRITISH AND FOREIGN LIBRARY, 26,
Holler-street, three doors from Oxford-street.
The Year
The Half-Year
The Quarter

The extensive arrangements entered into by the Proprietor of the
above Library secure to his Subscribers the immediate possession of
every New Pablication, British and Foreign. Besides this advan-
tage the Standard Collection consists of 25,000 Volumes, in the
English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese Lan-
guages.

BRITANNIA LIFE ASSURANCE COM-
PANY,
Mo. 1, PRINCES-STREET, BANK, LONDON.
CAPITAL, ONE.AIILLION.
71111.1CTORII.

Robert EglinSon, Esq.
Erasmus Robert Foster, Esq.
Alex. Robert Irvine, Esq.
Peter Merriaon, Esq.
William Shand, Jun., Esq.
Henry Lewis Smalo, Esq.
Thomas Teed, Esq.
MEDIC•L MICAS'S.
John Sims' M.D. ; Ebenezer Smith, Esq., Surgeon.
ADVANTAGES OF THIS INSTITUTION.
Lower Rates, of Premium' (with two exeeptions only) than any
hitherto offered.
Increasing rates of premium on a new and remarkable plan, for
securing loans or debts, a less immediate payment being required
on a policy for tha whole term of life than in an other otlies.
A Board of Directors in attendasics daily at Two o'clock.
Age of the Assured in every ease admitted in the Polley.
All claims payable within one month after proof of dfsatk.
Medical Attendants remunerated in all eases for their Report.
A liberal commission allowed to solicitor, and writs.

William Bardgett, Esq.
Samuel Bevingtoz, Esq.
William Fechney Black, Esq.
John Brightman, Esq.
George Cohe*, Esq.
Millis Coventry, East.
John Drevratt, Eeq.

Premium per Cant. per Annum payable during
Aga First Fiye Second Flee Third Five Fourth Five Remainder
Years. Years. Years. Years. ot Life.
30 .Z.l 1 4 X.l 510 Cl 10 11 £1 16 9 £2 3 8
NI 1 6 4 1 12 2 1 10 1 3 7 4 2 17 6
401141244214 6 3 7 3 4 3 4
60 2 16 7 3 2 4 4 5 li 6 6 3 6 13 7
PETER NIORRISON, Resident Director.
___

BISHOPSGATE PLATE-GLASS WAREHOUSE,
Established Upwards of Fifty Years.
THE PUBLIC are respectfully invited to inspect
the Stock •f Elegant and Novel Fancy STAINED and
PLATE GLASS at the above Establishment, consisting of many
fine specimens of
COOPER'S PATENT ENAMELLED AND STAINED
GLASS,
Which by a speedy and effective process •f manufacture, removes
the prejudice long attached, on account of the expense, to this beau-
tiful and enlivening decoration.
A pane measuring 18 inches by 12 inches opaque ground, with
transparent scroll work ornaments, costs only Gs. 4id., or any size
under 2i square feet are 4e. 3d. per square foot.
Annexed are the Prices of current sizes
Sashes, ke.

4' Plate Glass, for

•-•
c,l 15 13 20 ; 22 25
Inches. Inches. Inches Inches. Inches. Inches.
--
X. s. d. X. s. d. X. s. d. ' X. s. ‘l. X. s. d. X. a. d.
12 09 3 011 6 013 o, 014 6 io 16 1. 019 8
16 013 0 016 0 0 151 6 ' I 010 I 4 7 1 8 0
20 016 11 116 14ii 176 11! 3 1150
25 12 8 1a 2 111 3 114 5 119 1 23 9
30 18 2 113 9 117 6 21 3 2G 11 sl2 ti
31 111 10 119 3 2261 2 6 9 213 2 211 6
32 115 7 22 9 27 6 2 I'2 3 2194, 3 6 6

Or any sizes containing from 3 feet to feet, at 9s. per foot.
THOMAS FOX, Successor to HENRY L. COOPER,
93, Bishopsgate-street Within, London.

NI IGHTLY SHELTER for the HOUSELESS.
President—The Right Hon. the LORD MAYOR.
Treasurer—Sir J. W. LUBBOCK, Bart.
In consequeice of the severity of the season and the great num-
ber of distressed objects in the streets, the Committee have deemed
it necessary to open the Asylum for the reception of the houseless.
The Asylum in Playhonse-yard, Wbitecross-street, was opened on
Tuesday, January 9, on which the night 124 individuals were ad-
mitted, on the 10th, 219, and last night, 24,1.
Subscriptions received since those last reported :
At the Committee-room. IW. W. J.
T. Tweed, Esq., Leyton '., I 0 oMrs. Stothrd.
W. P.
C. W. ... ......... .... .
J. S. 0 5 0 Messrs. Tucker, Bar-
Left by two friends at nett, and Co 5 0 0
the Asylum
Hon. General Edward S. B. P. and E. P.... 2 2 0
Blyth, per the Right Lady St. Vincent 2 0 0
Hon. the Lord Mayor 10 0 0 Per Gosling and Co.,
P. Persse, Esq., .... a 5 0 0 for W. J. C. Trewin,
J. S.
N. Hinehliffe, Esq....a 1 1 0 Per Ransom and Co.,
John Hinchliffe, do. ... 1 1 0 for R. Williams, Esq. 2 2 0
Mrs. Hinchliffe, do. ... 1 1 0 Per E. B.
A. B.
Mrs. Hay, Russell-sq. 1 1 0 John Hooper, jun., Esq. 1 1 0
W.
C. B. . 0 10 0 Mr. Brune ... ..... 2 0 0
S. Caldwell, Esq., per Per Gosling and Co.,
Coutts and Co.
Robert Few, Esq. ...a 1 1 0 At Messrs. Hoare and Co.'s.
Hon. Captain Percy
Anonymous, per Mr T. J. A. Roberts, Esq 10 0 0
Theohald 1 0 0 Hon. Mr. and Mrs.
Rev. John Robinson a 1 0 0 Fortesque 2 2 0
William Bennett, Esq. 1 10 At Messrs. Hatchard and Son's.
John Clark, E5q.......a 1 00S. W . . 1 0 0
Wm. Oxenford, Esq. 1 1 OS.L. F
A Friend 5 5 0 Miss Viny 0 10 0
S. Humphrey, Esq., per J. Jerson, Esq 2 0 0
T. Ruston, E5q...... 0 10 0 Two little Girls out of
11. G. Key, E5q....... 1 1 0 their pocket-money 015 0
William Campbell, Esq. 1 1 0 Russell Collett, Esq,,
Oswald Smith, Esq.... 2 0 0 Lincoln
Messrs. Smith, Payne, M. Hall, Esq.
and Smiths..
John Abel Smith, Esq 1 0 0 Baker-street .
Thes. Chas. Smith,Esq. 1 00S. C 1 1 0
W. P. Alcock, Esq.... I 1 0 A Gentleman 2 0 0
Subscriptions are received at the Treasurer's, Mansion-house-
street ; Messrs. Hatchard and Son's, the Bankers ; and at the
Committee-room.

C. W. HICK, Chairman.
Committee-room, Broad-street, January 12, 1838.

INCORRODIBLB TEETH FIXED BY CAPILLARY
ATI RACTION.
MONS. JOHN MALLAN, SURGEON
DENTIST, No. 9, HALF MOON-STREET, PICCA-
DILLY, continues to fix INCORRODIBLE, NATUR AL AND AR-
TIFICIAL TEE l'H from one to a complete set, WITHOUT WIRES
or LIGATURES. or extraction of stumps. Mons. M. also FILLS DE—
CAYED TEETH with his MINERAL SUCCEDANICUM applied
WITHOUT HEAT CR PRESSURE. LOoSil TF• TH FASTENED
in all eases of ntglect or disease of the gums. Fixed and moderate charges.
Mons Mallan's Treatise ou the Teeth to be had of the Author, V, Half
Moon-street, Piccadilly.

EVERY MAN HIS OWN DOCTOR.-I3y
the Efficacy of Dr. BOERHA AVE'S RED PILL, No. 2,
sealed with red wax, Perrino of either Sex (assisted by the invaluable
copious directions therewith given) are enabled to eradicate effectually all
Bilious Diseases, Scurvy, Scrofula, and Impurity of Blood, and also a
certain insidious Disease, and to facilitate the recovery of health with
ease and safety.
Th. efficacy of this medicine is so well known and highly attested for 50
years past, that any further comment is tendered unnecessary.
Sold by Mr. Johnston, 08, Cornhill ; Mr. Sanger, 150. Oxford.strect ;
Mr. Mackrill, 33, Whitechapel ; Hannay and Co., 63, Oxford-street,
a
. High-street, Whitechapel, and
ll Medicine Venders, price 41. 6d. per box,
corner of Wells-street ; J. W. Stirling, 86

DAR TN ERSHI P.—ln a most highly respectable
and well established Wholesale Mercantile Concern, the very
first House in its line in the kingdom, an additional capital of about
16,000/. is wanted to extend the business, and pay off a deceased
partner's advances. It is proposed to admit one or more gentlemen
whose shares will be proportioned to the amount of their capital.
Principals, or their Solicitors, addressing to V. R. (post paid)
Law Club, Chancery-lane, London, may have thso most candid ex-
planation, and full particulars.;

SALES BY AUCTION.

FREEHOLD, COPYHOLD, AND LEASEHOLD
INVESTMENTS.

TOMAS and SON have received instructions
from the Trustees to SUBMIT by AUCTION, at the
A uetion Mart, on WEDN EcDA 1-, Jan. 24, at Twelve, in Nine Lots,
the late PROPERTY of J. Ricketts, Esq., deceased; comprising,
A LEASEHOLD GROUND RENT of Twelve Pounds per
annum, arising from houses in Gibraltar row, St. George's-road,
Southwark.

A LEASEHOLD GROUND RENT of Fifty Pounds, derivable
from premises in 13anner-street, St. Luke's.
THE LEASEHOLD LIQUOR VAULTS and BOOKING
OFFICE, the Magpie and Stump, Newgate-s treat, let for the
whole term.

A COPYHOLD PUBLIC HOUSE, the Anchor and Hope,
Brook-street, Ratcliffe.

SIX COI'YHOLD DWELLINGS, with Shops, at Bow, Mid
dl,eex, nearly opposite the Church.
A COPYHOLD ESTATE of Nine Houses in Great Suffolk-
street, Blackfriars-road.

TWO FREEHOLD HOUSES, Nos. 2 and 3, Cushion-court,
Old Broad-street, City.
A FREEHOLD GROUND RENT of Forty-two Pounds per
annum, seeured on houses in Birdcage-walk, Hackney-road, near
h• Nag's Head. Also,

FREEHOLD LAND, with Gardener's Cottage, at Foot's Cray,
in Root, opposite the Turnpike.
May be viewed, by leave of the respective tenants ; and parti-
culars had of John Pinch, jun., Esq., Lombard-street Chambers,
Clement's-lane ; J. W. J. Dawson, Esq., 7, Charlotte-street,
Bloomsbury ; of Robert Skynner, Esq., 42, Mortimer-street, Ca-
vendish-square ; at the Mart ; and of the Auctioneers, 16, St.
Paul's Church-yard.

NEAT HOLTSE HOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS, CLAP-
HAM-ROAD.
MR.
MUSGROVE is instructed by the As-
signees of Mr. William Starie, a bankrupt, to SELL by
PUBLIC AUCTION, on the Premises, No. 14, Dorset-place,
Clapham-road, on WEDNESDAY, January 24, at Twelve, the
genuine and modern HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, of the usual
description, a few lots of plate, linen, china, and glass, garden en-
gine, iron roller, some poultry, and other property.
To be viewed on the morning of sale. Catalogues on the pre-
mises; of Mr. Henry Ashley, Solicitor, 9, High-street, Shore-
ditch ; and of Mr. Musgrove, auctioneer and appraiser, 5, Austin-
friars, Old Broad-street, City.

TO CARPENTERS, BUILDERS, BOX MAKERS, CA-
BINET MAKERS, MANUFACTURERS, WAREHOUSE-
MEN, AND OTHERS.
Mr. W. Starie's extensive Business Premises at Houndsditch, in-
cluding the Workshops, Dwelling House, &c.
Mlt. MUSGROVE is instructed by the As-
signees to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the
Mart, on TUESDAY, Jan. 23, at Twelve, the beneficial LEASE,
with possession and consequent advantages of the capital work
shops, dwelling house, yard, sheds, and appurtenances, situate in
Still-alley, Cutler street, Houndsditeh, contiguous to the East
India Company's warehouses, held on lease for five years, at a low
rent, with power for lessee to purchase the freehold.
To be viewed until the sale ; printed descriptive particulars on
the Premises; of Mr. Pennell, official assignee, Basinghall-street ;
of Mr. Henry Ashley, solicitor,'9, High-street, Shoreditch ; arid of
Mr. Musgrove, auctioneer and surveyor, .5, Austin-friars, Old
Broad-street, City.

FREEHOLD GROUND RENTS, WITH EARLY REVER-
SIONARY INTEREST TO THE POSSESSION OF
THE VALUABLE PROPERTY.
R. MUSGROVE has received instructions to
SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Auction Mart,
on I'l3f:spay, Jan. 23, at Twelve, in Lots, a very desirable
FREEHOLD ESTATE, for a secure •and permanent invest-
ment ; comprising several respectable family residences, with
gardens and appurtenances, called Belmont-place, in the Vaux-
hall-road ; together with sundry houses and shops immediately
contiguous to the above, and in the street leading to Nine Elms.
The whole let on building leases, expiring in sixteen years, at
ground rents amounting to nearly 1501. per annum. The present
rack rental of the estate is estimated at upwards of SOO/. a-year,
to which the purchasers will become entitled at the expiration of
the existing leases. . _

Printed descriptive particulars may be obtained at the Mart ;
of J. J. Tanner, Esq., Aloorgate-street, Bank; and at the offices
of Mr. Musgrove, auctioneer and appraiser, 5, Austin- friars, City.

LEASEHOLD RESIDENCE, with COACH HOUSE,
STABLING, and PREMISES in the REAR, at NORTH
BANK, REGENT'S-PARK, HELD for a TERM of
YEARS, at a GROUND RENT.

MR. MUSGROVE has received instructions
from the Assignees of Mr. John Finlayson, a bankrupt, to
SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on TUES-
DAY, Jan. 23, at Twelve, in One Lot, a desirable LEASEHOLD
PROPERTY, either for occupation or investment, consisting of a
respectable and partly detached residence, on a limited scale, plea-
santly situate and being No. 8, North-bank, corner of Fox-latie,
containing suitable accommodation for a respectable family, WO
front and back gardens, coach-house, stabling, nod appurtenancs,
and four sleeping rooms over, with entrance thereto from Fox-latib,
altogether held on lease for about 80 years, subject to a ground
rent of only 10/. per annum.
To be viewed. Printed particulars on the premises ; at the
Yorkshire Stingo Tavern, Paddington ; of Mr. W. Whitmore,
official assignee, Basinghall-street ; of Mr. Henry Ashley, Soli-
citor to the Fiat, 9, High-street, Shoreditch ; at the Auction
Mart; and at the Offices of Mr. Musgrove, auctioneer, &C., 5,
Austin-friars, Old Broad-street, City.

HOUNDSDITCH.

TO CARPENTERS, JOINERS, CABINET-MAKERS,
BOXAIAKERS, AND OTHERS.

-----
MR. MUSGROVE is directed by the Assignees
of Mr. William Static, builder, a Bankrupt, to SELL
by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the Premises, in Cutler-street,
lioundsditch, on TUESDAY, January 16, and following Day, at
Eleven each day, the extensive STOCK and UTENSILS in
TRADE ; comprising about 600 yellow deals and plank, timber
and timber ends, an immense quantity of dry deal boards of various
lengths and thicknesses, many thousand feet of valuable wainscot
boards from two inches and a half to half an inch thick, oak and fir
quartering, sash frames, sashes and fittings, oak and beech plank, a
large quantity of deal ends and short stuff, 50 work benches, two
powerful crabs with the apparatus, six capital screw jacks, nume-
rous blocks and pullies, irun cramps, a general assortment of nails
and ironmongery, counting-house fittings, grindstones, trucks, erec-
tion of saw-pits and coverings, a useful cart horse, chaise gelding,
builder's cart, neat single horse chaise, harness, and various other
effects.

May be viewed on Monday preceding, and mornings of sale.
Catalogues on the premises ; of Mr. Pennell, official assignee,
Basinghall-street ; of Mr. Henry Ashley, solicitor, 9, High-street,
Shoreditch ; and at the offices of Mr. Musgrove, auctioneer and
suiveyor, 5, Austinfriars, Old Broad-street, City.

DESIRABLE LEASEHOLD INVESTMENT of 65/. PER
ANNUM, ISLINGTON.
MIL C. WARTON is directed to SELL by
AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tfluitsn,:i, January 18, at
Twelve, a desirable LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, situate near
White Conduit-house ; comprisinr, three substantial brick built
Dwelling•-houses, in good repair; let to Messrs. Gorton, White,
and Johnson, responsible tenants, at low rents, producing 771. per
annum ; held for a very long term of years, at 121. per annum.
Particulars are preparing, and may be had in due time at the
Mart; and of Mr. C. Warton, auctioneer and estate agent, 33,
Threadneedle-street.

REVERSIONARY INTERESTS, SHARES, in VALUABLE
MINES, RAILWAYS, PUBLIC INSTITUIONS, &c.
MR. C. WARTON'S next PERIODICAL
SALE of the above description of PROPERTY will take
place at the Mart on Tiluitsnar next, Jan. 18, at Twelve, and
will include Three absolute Reversions of Money in the Funds, of
4001., 4391. 65., and 501. ; Shares in the celebrate Mines known
as Wheal Virgin, Carn Brea, Copper Bottom, &c. ; in the Ulster
and Great North of England Railways, the General Reversionary
Company, London University, and Trinity Harbour Company
Particulars may now be had at the Mart ; of P. Earnshaw, Esq.,
Solicitor, Redeross-street-; and of Mr. C. Warton, Auctioneer and
Estate Agent, 38, Threadneedle.street.

BRIGHTON.—TWO FREEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES,
PRODUCING 531. PER ANNUM, and a FREEHOLD
GRONND RENT, in Barbican.
IVIR. C. WARTON is dii•ected by the Executors
of Mr. Wilkinson, deceased, to SELL by AUCTION,
at the Mart, on TIIURSDAY, the 18th of January, at Twelve :--
Lot 1. Two Capital FREEHOLD HOUSES, 15 and 16,
Brunswick place north, near the Pavilion, Brighton, let to 'Mr.
Pilbram and Coiling, old and respectable tenant 3, at 53/. per
annum.

Lot 2. A FREEHOLD GROUND RENT of 31. per Annum,
with valuable reversionary interest.
May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and particulars had at
Old Ship, Brighton ; of Mr. May, solicitor, 2, Princes-street,
Spitalfields ; at the Mart ; and of Mr. C. Warton, auctioneer and
estate agent. 38, Threadneedle-street.

OXFORD-STREET AND EUSTON-SQUARE.
ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS for CAPITAL, amounting to
nearly 1001. per annum dear.
31 R. C. WA RTON is directed to SELL bY
AUCTION, at the Mart, on THURSDAY, Jan. IS. at
Twelve, in two lots, the valuable LEASEHOLD PREMISES,
66, Castle-street, Oxford-street, let on lease for a term of twelve
years unexpired, at 54/. per annum ; ground-rent 3/. 10s.
Lot 2. Two substantial DWELLING-HOUSES, 1.2 and 13,
Crescent-street, Euston-square, let to Messrs. Cook and Sayer,
old and responsible tenants, at 781. per annum ; held for upwards
of 80 years, at a ground rent of 351. per annum.
May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and particulars had at the
Green Man and Still, Oxford-street ; at the Angel, Islington ;
Yorkshire Stingo, Paddington ; of Thomas Greenfield, Esq , Soli-
citor, 4, Clifford's Inn ; at the Mart ; and of Mr. C. Warton, Auc-
tioneer and Estate Agent, 38, Threadneedle-street.

MRS. TROLLOPE'S NEW WORK ON AUSTRIA.
In Two Volumes Bvo., with Fourteen Engravings by Ilervieu,
VIENNA. AND THE AUSTRIANS.
By the Author of
Domestic Manners of the Americans," " Paris and the

Parisians," &c.
WILL BE PUBLISHED ON THE 20TH INST.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.
Publisher-in Ordinary to her Majesty.

NEW WORK EDITED BY " BOZ."
Just ready, in 2 vols., post Bvo., with numerous characteristic illus-
trations by George Cruikehank,
110 EMOIRS OF JOSEPH GRIMALDI,
THE CLOWN.
Edited by CHARLES DICKENS, Esq., (" Boz.")
Author of " The Pickwick Papers," " Oliver Twist," &c.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.
*.* Orders received by all Booksellers.

cUVIER'S NATURAL HISTORY,
WITH EIGHT HUNDRED ENGRAVINGS,
IN SIXTEEN VOLUMES,
The ONLY Complete Modern NATURAL HISTORY in the
LANGUAGE.
THE ANIMAL KINGDOM,
Described and arranged in conformity with its organization,
By the Late BARON CUVIER.
Translated, with Large Additional Descriptions of all the Species
hitherto named, and of many not before noticed, and with other
original matter, by E. GRIFFITH, F.A.S., Lieutenant-Cole-
nel C. HAMILTON SMITH, F.R.S., E. PIDGEON, J. E.
GRAY, 17.11.5., and others.
Demy Bvo £26 8 0 Cloth.
Royal Bvo., coloured 5l 12 0
Thorny 4t0., India proof
...... 52 16 0
Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane.

Price One Shilling.
To be bad of the Author, 54, Greek-street, Soho ; and Strange,
21, Paternoster-row, a New Work, entitled,
A. FEW WORDS on GONORRHCEA and its
Consequences, together with a" Few Hints' for iia Pre-
vention and Cure ; illustrated by interesting Cases, and supported
by Testimonials, bo.aring witness to the efficacy of his system.

LBy J. GORDON.
Proprietor of
GORDON'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE, the most certain and
speedy cure for GONORRHEA, Gleets, and all Urethral Div-
charges.
In all eases, the mixture alone if used in conformity to the di-
rections on each bottle, will nevor fail of sueocas, and may he
taken with perfect safety by the most deliutte of both seats with-
out inducing nauseau and loss of appetite usually complained of in
other Medicines ; and, moreover, at is expense, being sold in
pint and half-pint bottles, 4s. 6d. and 4#. 9d. crash, in the rno,At
inveterate eases seldom requiring more than two of the former tit
trivet a cure.
Prepared only by Gordon and Co., 54, Greek-street, Soho ; also
to he had of their Agents : —Barclay and Sons,liiiwards, T. Butler,
and all Wholesale Venders ; Sanger ; Hannay, Oxford-street ;
Heudebourck, Holborn ; Rowe, Farringdon-street ; Stradling,
Iloyal Exchange • Johnston White, Cornhill ; Prout, Strand ;
Keith, Piccadilly ' . Joseph and Co., Long-acre ; and all Venders
of Patent Medicines.

Third Edition, carefully revised and enlarged,
Lately published, in 12ra0., price 33., neatly bound in cloth boards,
CATAR ACT; A Familiar Description of its
1.—.) Nature, Symptoms, and ordinary Modes of Treatment,
particularly with reference to the system devised and carried into
extensive operation at the Royal Infirmary for Cataract, and in his
private practice with nearly unfailing success. By JOHN STE-
VENSON, Esq., Member of the Royal College of Surgeons,
Oculist to his late Majesty, Oculist and Aurist to his Majesty,
Leopold the First, King of the Belgians ; Author of several Trea-
tises, and Lecturer on the Structure and Diseases of the EYE
and EAR.

" Could the most timid and irresolute witness, as we have done,
the consummate dexterity with which Mr. Stevenson performs
his bloodless operation in the short space of from half a minute to
two minutes, and that, too, in many instances, without the con-
sciousness of even pain
en the part of the patient, and reflect also
on his almost certain success, he would banish every emotion but
that of confidence in the skill of so great a benefactor, and a firm
reliance on his important improvement in the treatment of Cata-
ract."_Metropolitan Magazine.
" The publication of this work will form an era in the annals of
Ophthalmic Surgery."—Edinburgh Journal of Medical Science.
Published in aid of the charity, by Highley, Fleet-street ; and at
the Royal Infirmary, 13, Little Portland-street, where, and at the
residence of the Author, is, Margaret-street, Cavendish-square, a
printed report of the Institution may be had gratis.

REMARKABLE FACT.—In the early part of last
week, whilst a servant belonging to Rowland Hibbert, Esq., of
Lamb Hill, near Sheffield, was brushing a hedge, he took off
a bough which supported a yellow bunting's nest, and four
eggs therein in a in a forward state of incubation.—Doncaster
Gazette.

The LORD JUSTICE-CLERK resumed his task this day,
and concluded about 25 minutes to five, having spoken
in all about 16 hours. His lordship stated to the jury, that
in his opinion the charge against of sending a threat-
ening letter to Mr. Arthur, was not proved. The charge
against the four prisoners, of hiring Nl' Lean to commit the
murder, was also deficient in proof. With respect to the
charge of murder against IPLean himself, he gave no fur-
ther opinion, than by saying, that if they believed the alibi
witnesses, M'Lean could not be the murderer. But they
would also consider the fact of their signing the cer-
tificate, and all the other circumstances of the case.
However strong their suspicions might be, they
were not entitled to rest their verdict on suspicion
alone—if they had a doubt they must give the
benefit of it to the prisoner, and he was bound to tell
them that the evidence did appear to him to leave the matter
involved in doubt. With regard to the charge of conspiracy
against all the rive prisoners, his opinion was, that the evi-
dence was conclusive against them all. With regard to the
charge of threatening letters, the Jury would judge from
what quarter they could come, but from persons taking the
most lively interest in the Association ; and so with regard to
the attempts at fire-raising. A case of moro importance,
both to the prisoners and to the public, had seldom; if ever,
come before the Court. _ _

The Jury retired at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock,
and returned at twenty-five minutes to nine, having been ab-
sent exactly five hours. Mr. Ridpath, as their Chancellor,
stated that the Jury, by a major►ty, had found the first,
second, third, and tenth charges of the libel proven against
all the prisoners as libelled ; and unanimously found the
other charges as libelled not proven. The first charge, as
will be seen by reference to the summary of the indictment
which we gave at the commencement of the report, refers to
the general conspiracy to raise wages ; the second to the
strike at Oakbank ; the third to the strike at Mile-end ; and
the tenth to the attack upon Donaghy's house.
The Loan JUSTICE- CLERK, in thanking the jury for the
diligent, patient, and faithful manner in which they had dis-
charged their heavy duties, assured them that the Court re-
ceived their verdict with satisfaction. His Lordship also in-
timated that, in consideration of those heavy duties which the
jury had had to perform, the Court intended to enter upon the
books of adjournal a recommendation that they should indivi-
dually, be excused, if they should think proper to avail them.
selves of it, from the burden of attending juries for the next
three years.
Mr. Ridpath said that the jury had deputed him, to express
to the Court their feeling of entire satisfaction at the manner
in which the Crown-agent, and the officers of Court, bad pro-
vided for their comforts during the trial.
Objections were taken by Mr. D. M'Neill, on the part of
the prisoners, to the reception of that part of the verdict
which found the tenth charge proven, as being incon-
sistent with the finding in regard to the fiftit charge.
The fifth, it will be seen, refers to the appointment of
a Secret Committee on the 14th of June, and to certain
acts of violence which were said to have been committed
by, or at the instigation of, the members of the said Com-
mittee, and that charge the Jury found nut proven, while
they found the tenth charge proven, which is merely a de-
tail of one of the particular assaults mentioned in the fifth.
It was submitted, therefore, that as the minor propo-
sition embraced in the tenth charge had, after the fifth
was struck out, no major proposition to which it was
applicable—or in other words, as the Jury had found
no proof of the prisoners being members of that Secret
Committee, although by an apparent mistake they had found
them guilty of one of its acts, the Court ought to consider the
verdict in regard to the tenth charge as negatived by the
finding on the fifth, and give the prisoners the benefit of the
error.

The SOLICITOR. GENERAL suggested that the jury might be
of opinion that the particular charge was proved, while at the
same time they might think the general charge not proven,
referring as it did to a variety of other charges besides that
particular charge ; and in this view he contended that th•
Court was entitled to hold the tenth charge proved against the
prisoners, not as members of the Secret Select Committee
(therein mentioned), but as members of the said unlawful
association.

The Loan Juseice CLERK, after consulting with his
brethren, said, that whatever might be the intention of
the Jury, the Court did not now thick itself entitled to take
the tenth charge into consideration.
Lord MACKENZIE then proceeded to propose sentence, but
spoke in so low a tone as to be frequently inaudible. He
said-_My Lord, this is one of those cases in which the law
commands us to pronounce an arbitrary judgment ; and where
yet the plain, manifest, and imperative nature of our duty
equally requires us to pronounce one of a very serious nature.
'The
charges are the charges brought against the panels ? The
charges which the Jury have found proved against them aro
the throe first. (The Learned Judge, after reading the
charges as they were stated in the indictment, proceeded to
say)—Such are the charges against these prisoners, and cer-
tainly I must say, that I am unable to consider them in any
other light than as charges of a very serious description. I
am perfectly aware that the mere formation of a combination
to raise the rate of wages is not a violation of the law of
Scotland. It was once thought so : but the laws by which
such combinations were prohibited is now repealed ; and had
the prisoners gone no farther than merely to combine for the
purpose of raising the rate of their wages, they would
have been subjected to no punishment. But the conspi-
racy which they joined, was not merely a combination to
raise wages, but to do so by the use of illegal means. It was
a conspiracy to deprive both the employers and the employed,
by force and violence, of their undoubted rights—to rob the
one class of their right to employ labourers at such prices as
they are willing to take, and to rob the other of their right to
dispose of the labour at such prices as they can find. A con-
spiracy of this sort, formed for the purpose of committing such
injuries, by whatever means accomplished, cannot but be con-
sidered as being of a most mischievous character; but when
this is done by a combination of so wide an extent—by a com-
bination which is spread over the greater part of the trade,
and which consequently affects a multitude of people—and
when threats and violence, and actual assaults are used in re-
peated instances to promote the purposes of that combination,
it is impossible for ins to say of persons engaged in such out-
rages anything else than that they commit a most criminal
and most mischievous offence. It is an offence most parti-
cularly against the very class to which the panels belong.
That class are dependent for the subsistence of themselves
and their families upon their labour. If they are de-
prived of that, they are reduced to misery ; and yet here
is n power formed with the intent of so depriving them
of their labour—an illegal power--a tyranny, by which,
if they dare to exercise their natural rights, they are
subjected to unbounded violence. I cannot doubt that
the particular conspiracy which has formed the subject of our
inquiry, was joined by many others besides the prisoners at the
bar ; and the charge applies to all the members of the conspi-
racy—to all those who, not being forced into it, willingly
joined it; but more particularly to the panels, who were the
ruling parties in the conspiracy—through whose instrumentality
and agency the vast extent of the mischief which has resulted
from the whole of this conspiracy is attributable. tinder these
circumstances, the clear sense of duty tells us that the Court
must award a punishment of a very serious nature. When I
look at those persons, when I consider their characters, that
they are otherwise respectable, it is exceedingly painful for me
to propose such a sentence, lam afraid, however, that though
otherwise respectable, their characters have to a certain extent
.been deteriorated. By long connexion with this Association,
It would appear that their sentimeuts in regard to law, religion,
and iseorality, were in a great measure extinguished—and that
they came to regard their own interests, and the interests of
the conspiracy to which they belonged, as paramount to all
other considerations, and the rights of other men as com-
paratively nothing. It seems as if their minds had undergone
a species of delusion it this respect. But these views cannot
exempt us from awarding such a punishment as may be suffi-
cient to secure the suppression of such dangerous conspiracies,
and therefore I feel myself under the necessity of proposing
that the prisoners be transported for the period of seven years.
Lord MONCRIEFF said—l have little to add to the observa-
tions of my Learned Brother. The jury, by their verdict,
have relieved us of the dreadful duty which would have been
laid upon us had the verdict been a general one, of pro-
nouncing upon one or more of the prisoners a far more severe
punishment than that now proposed. And while we are thus
relieved from the more serious parts of the charge, the pri-
soners are relieved also from that tenth charge which the Jury
had intended to find proven ; though certain circumstances
connected with the form of the verdict render it our indis-
dispensable duty to give the prisoners the benefit of their
counsels' objection. Your Lordship knows they have received
that benefit in the sentence proposed by my Lord Mackenzie.
The prisoners are charged, my Lord, wsth being engaged in
a foul conspiracy—an illegal conspiracy—originating in an as-
sociation which had existed for many years, and converted to
the deliberate purpose, not of raising the rate of wages by
withholding the labour of its own members, but of withholding
by force and violence, by threats and intimidation, from employ-
ment, others who had as good a right to dispose freely
of their labour as this Association had to use theirs. After
quoting. the charges proved against the prisoners, his
Lordship proceeded to say : —lt is proved that such
molestation and such violence as are set forth in the
libel did take place ; and the extent to which the system
proceeded was described by Sheriff Alison in his testimony.
That conspiracy was of a most formidable character; such 'as
could not be tolerated in any civilized land; and which was
calculated to destroy the whale trade and manufactures of this
kingdom. My lord, I concur in the sentence which has been
proposed. I consider this association as one of the most
dangerous conspiracies that has been seen in this aountry for
many a day ; and I only wonder how it is possible for any men
possessed of the understanding, which I am convinced these
prisoners, or at least the most of them, possess, so to pervert
their minds and moral principles, as to believe that at the very
instant they are asserting their own liberty to work or not as

they think proper, the are metier' forcibly X 0 compel their
brethren to cease from work whether they will or not. It
would never do if the liberty of regulating labour was vested
in the domineering power of an association like this. One man
is as free as another to bring his labour to market. It is a
dream—a delusion of the most deplorable kind—that wen
should think it possible to raise the rate of wages by 'utterly
destroying the capital by which alone trade is sustain-
ed. If in this instance the conspirators had succeeded in their
plans, and prevented every body but themselves from dispos-
ing of their labour as they pleased, it is perfectly plain the
manufacturers would have speedily come to utter luss and ruin.
I concur in the sentence proposed.
F The Lone JUSTICE-CLERK then proceeded to address the
prisoners as follows :—After the long trial which has takes
place, the Jury have, by a majority, found you guilty of the
three first charges contained in these criminal letters. In the
performance of the duty incumbent on me in addressing the
jury, I purposely refrained from eTpressing any detailed opi-
nion on the nature of the Association of which all of you as
members, and four of you as office-bearers, were charged in
this indictment with having committed the various acts therein
described. I say, I then refrained from expressing' any opinion
of the nature of that Association; but now that the 7erdict of
the Jury has established the fact of your guilt in reference to
these three charges, I can have no hesitation in expressing' m)
sentiments. The Jury have found you guilty of the float
charge, which begins by stating that the prisoners arc air
or each, or one, or more of them, office-bearers and mem-
bers of the said unlawful Association; and then it goes
on to say that you did commit those acts, first by conspiring,
secondly by committing two most felonious assaults after the
conspiracy had been entered into. The verdict of the Jury,
therefore, has stamped this association of cotton-spinners in
Glasgow as an unlawful association ; and no man that heard
the evidence with regard to its nature, its character, and its
proceedings even for a considerable period of time previous to
the commission of those acts of conspiracy, can entertain the
slightest doubt that it was unlawful in its structure, utterly
unlawful in its objects, and utterly unlawful in the irmans which
it resorted to for the purpose of effecting those objects. The
impression produced on my mind by the evidence disclosed,
which, as you know, was of a most extraordinary nature,
is, that this was an Association of the most illegal and
dangerous description—illegal in its nature, most injurious and
dangerous in its consequences, not only to the public, but the
Members of the Association themselves, for whose purposes,
and to promote whose interests it professed to be at first esta-
blished. When I recollect the nature of the general evidence
laid before the Jury, which was sufficient to appal the stoutest
heart—to think that, in the heart of this country, an Institu-
tion should be established for carrying into effect designs so
dangerous, and objects so disgraceful—l say it was injurious
to the interests of the Members : for a more fearful state of
bondage never was exhibited on the face of this earth,
than with regard to those Members who presumed for
one moment to exercise their legal rights, and do what they
thought proper in the disposal of their labour. They were
under a species of slavery which was worse than the
worst that has been proved to exist in civilized society. They
were brought into this state and condition, and made subser-
vient to the worst of purposes; induced to perpetrate the
worst crimes at the bidding of their ringleaders ; hardened in
their hearts, and set against all orders of the community,
under the pretence of promoting their interests, but in
fact bringing destruction on that manufacture in which
they were particularly engaged, and working their own
ruin. The verdict of the jury has established the fact of
your having entered into an illegal conspiracy, and carried
its objects into full effect, not only by means of a guard com-
mittee for marking the persons who worked at the manufacto-
ries, but by two particular assaults committed in open day
against such persons. I shall not say one word more ; but
it is the bounden duty of this Court to convince the
people of this country that the practice of this most
dangerous system will no longer be permitted to exist
within any part of this kingdom. It is for the purpose of
deterring others from persisting in those evil courses;
and of bringing that part of the community with which
you were connected, back into a state of order; to show
them the danger in which they are involved; and to
protect the real interests of the operative classes of the
community, and particularly that class to which yeti
belong, and that we are bound to visit you with a punish-
ment which, under all the circumstances of ' this case,
cannot but be considered as a very lenient one. At this late
hour, after such a lengthened trial, I shall say no more than
that, while we find it our bounden duty to award the punish-
ment which has been proposed, we certainly lay out of consi-
deration entirely, not only the tenth charge, but also all the
other charge:, which the jury have found not proven. His Lord-
ship then sentenced all the prisoners to be transported beyond
seas for a period of seven years.
The proceedings were brought to a close at 20 minutes to
11, when the Court adjourned.
Counsel for the Crown—The Lord Advocate, the Solicitor
General, John Shaw Stewart, Esq., and Robert Handyside,
Esq. Agent, David Cleghorn, Esc ,W. S.
For the prisoners—Duncan M'Neill. Esq.. Patrick Robert-
son, Esq., Alexander M'Neill, Esq., Jatsses Anderson, Esq.,
and H. G. Bell, Esq. Agents—Messrs. Fisher and Dun-
can, S. S. C., Udinburgh ; and Andrew G3mmel, writer,
Glasgow.
