DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers, March 17.
[MORNING cur.osietu.]
Papers were last night presented to both
Houses of Parliament, " in explanation of the
measures adopted by his Majesty's Government
for the amelioration of the Slave Population in
his Majesty's possessions in the West Indies, and
on the Continent of South America," extending
in all to nearly 160 folio pages. They consist
of, Ist, the various instructions addressed by
Loyd Bathurst to the Officers administering the
Governments of the respective Colonies. 2d.
Letters and inclosures addressed by the Officers
administering the Governments of the Colonies
to Lord Bathurst. 3d. Papers received since the
docutuents in ihe two preceding classes were
printed. And, 4th. The draft of an Order in
Council for improving the condition of, Slaves in
Trinidad, and proclamation to be issued in the
West India Colonies, &c. There is no question,
that if the provisions of the Order in Council
could be enforced in all the Colonies, the condition
of the negroes would ho materially; improved ; but
xlonies.lp)
trrieenxitoa
omi
ksi obe
which
,e triedsliisyst oiltf(r,na. only.
the in rtii
ca
Canning, oc to
emancipation proceeding from the interests of the
master, and the improvement of the slaves, to
be wrought by a consenting and co-operating
Legislation in the Colonies, not by reviving a
question almost as dangerous as slavery itself,
rather by the right of reason than by the coer-
cion of authority." But, if example could have
wrought on the Colonies, Trinidad ought already
to have had its influence on the others ; for many
benevolent provisions have long been in force
there, and the condition of its slaves is better
than that of the slaves of any of our old Co-
lonies. " It is the misfortune of our Colonies,
as was well observed by Mr. Wilberforce, that
all the affluent, enlightened, and liberal pro-
prietors reside here, whilst men of a fur dif-
ferent character reside in the Colonies."—So
long as this state of things continues, we fear
little good is to be expected from the operation
of example. Mr. Canning announced the receipt
of a Treaty with the United States, in which
" the two first Maritime Powers of the World
have conceded to each other the right of visit,"
in order to enforce the more effectually the laws
against the Slave Trade, the English carrying
American ships into an American port, to be pro-
ceeded against in American Courts, and vice versa
—the making slave trading piracy, and conceding
this right of search, will go far to extinguish 'that
odious traffic.
