• IT,yx
• ZWL:iitre a‘"
:inn*

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 18, 1828.

We have reason to believe that the negocia-
tions arc nearly drawn to a close, and we hope very
soon to announce the formation of an Admi-
nistration which will reconcile conflicting in-
terests, and terminate the harrassing distraction
to which the Councils of this realm have been
exposed, amidst the alternate triumphs of
opposite factions.

The Paris Papers 'of Tuesday, with the Ga-
zette de France of Wednesday, contain »othing
important. The lICW Ministry is gill the order
of the day, and the sth of February, the day on
which the Chambers meet, is looked forward to
with doubt, confidence, or apprehension, pro-
portioned to the stamina of the respective parties.
The hoped-for return of the Ultra Tories here
to power has stimulated the Ultra Tories of
France to demonstrations of the most extravagant
and clamorous joy. Already they grasp at do-
minion with unholy wishes. Should the deluded
creatures be disappointed in their ambition, we
tremble for the little reason left them.

According to letters from Bucharest, the
GRAND SEIGNIOR has giVen orders to assemble
the Grandees of the Empire at Constantinople
to learn their advice upon the existing state of
things, but this is said to want confirmation. If
the SULTAN really wants their advice, it is to

We received, this morning, the Journal (1
St. Petersburgh of the 29th December, with the
Haerlem Courant, and Hamburgh Papers, of
the 12th instant. They contain nothing fin,
portant. The following is the Russian General's
account of the preliminaries between himself and
ABBAS MIRZA, on the subject of the treaty of
peace. Min2A appears to be a vain Prince :

NEWS FROM THE ARMY IN GEORGIA.

ST. PitTP.RSEURGH, DEC. 29.

Gen. Paskewitch sends the following particulars of the
arrival of Abbas Mirza in the village of Dei Kargan, and of
the commencement of the confefences for the treating of

peace.
On learning the movement of Gen. Benkendorf towards
Tchevister, Abbas Mirza, fearing that he would be inter-
cepted, caused the town of Khoi to be evacuated, and left
Salmos, where lie was in person, to go to Ourounier, Amir
Asian Khan, of Khoi, having informed Gen. Paskewitch
that he had occupied the latter town. Gen. Lapteff, who
was to advance to Khoi, received orders to join his detach-
ment to that of Gen. Benkendorf. According to these
new measures, the latter, on the arrival of Abbas Illirza at
Dei Kargan, which was announced for the 3d or 4th of
Nov., was to send a battalion of the Regiment of the Tiflis
Infantry to go and take possession of Khoi, where Lieut.-
Col. lryssotsky was to be left as Commandant. He was
then to advance himself towards Sahnos, after Gen. Lap-
teff had joined him, and to take a position on the road of
Ourounia.

Abbas Mirza arrived at Tchevister on the 4th Nor.-.
Gen. Benkendorf had already left it, conformably to his in-
structions ; but learning that the Prince was approaching,
he halted, and sent a division of Dragoons and two pieces
of artillery to meet him, and serve as his escort. Abbas
Mirza received with much affability Cols. Prince Dolgo-
rowsky and Raievsky, who had gone to meet him,
and several times assured them of his sincere desire
for the speedy restoration of peace. On approaching
the detachment, the Prince desired to he received with a
salute of artillery, and to gratify him, General Benkendorf
gave orders to fire a salute of six guns. lie then reviewed
the whole detachment, paying the greatest attention to the
artillery, admiring the promptness of the soldiers, and be-
having with great condescension to every body. Lastly, at
his desire, the regiment of Kabarda and the Dragoons
filed off before him. Abbas Mirza then took leave of
General Benkendorf, whom he had received with the
greatest regard, and set out for Tchevister, preceded by
the escort. On the way, he conversed with Prince Dol-
gorowsky, Colonel Raievsky, and Count Solstoy, repeat-
ing the assurance of the sincerity of his intentions. On his
arrival at Tchevister, a guard of honour, of 30 Dragoons
and 30 Kourds, was posted before his tent.
On leaving that place, Abbas Mirza would certainly
come to Tchevister. On the 4th, General Paskewitch
set out for Dei Kargan, escorted by a regiment of Cos-
sacks, and arrived there on the sth. Khosroi Mirza, son
of Abbas illirza, had come, by his father's orders, to meet
the General half way, and on seeing him at a distance,
alighted from his horse to receive him, and had shown him
the greatest respect.
On the 6th, General Paskewitch, being informed of the
arrival of Abbas Mirza, sent a division of the Hulans, and
Lieut.-General Count Suchtelen, with the Staff, to meet
him, seven wersts from Dci Kargan. Abbas Mirza re-
ceived him with great affability, inviting him to remain
with him, and giving the Russian Staff the upper hand of
his own suite.

On arriving at the village where the narrow streets
would not allow all the escort to enter, Abbas Mirza rode
along the front of all the troops, and thanked each of the
squadrons separately for the fatigue they had to undergo on
his account. Major-General Panerateff, commanding the
troops assembled at Die Kargan, received the Prince at the
house prepared for him, before which a company of the
Imperial Guards was stationed. The martial air of these
soldiers, the precision of their movements, and their fine
appearance,. particularly attracted the notice of Abbas
Mirza.

Immediately after his arrival, General Paskewitch waited
on him. The Prince received him standing in the middle
of the apartment, shook hands and spoke in a very friendly
manner : on the thllowing day he paid a visit to the
General.

On the Bth, being the fete of the grand Duke Michael,
after divine s}erviee there was a grand parade .of all the
troops at Dei Kargan. Immediately after the ceremony, to
which the Prince paid the greatest attention, he was pre-
sent at a breakfast given by Col. Schissoff, to which seve-
ral of the principal
persons of the Prince's suite were in-
vited. The conference with Abbas Mirza began on the
10th and continued en the 11th and 12th. The good un-
derstanding which prevails is them gives reason to hope
that the affair will soon be brought to a happy conclusion.
General Paskswitsch concludes his report by announcing
that the troops which were at Ourounia with Abbas Mirza,
have retired to Miandow, 60 wersts south of Maragha, and
that there ate no where any Persian troops on that side ;
12 pieces of cannon, and great quantities of ammunition
and provisions were found in the town of Khoi, which was
occupied on the 9th by a battalion of the regiment of Tiflis.
The St. Peteriburgh journals contain Adrnital Ileyden's

account of the battle of Navaiin, which agrees with those
of the *her Admirals. A second report from Admiral
1-leyden, dated Malta, Nov. 26, has also been received, in
which he speaks with the greatest praise of the remarkable
cordiality between the three squadrons, and states that he
is busily employed iu repairing the damage sustained by his
squadron.

H.M.S. brig Beaver has arrived at Falmouth,
from Jamaica, with a mail ; sh© smiled from thence
on the sth Dec. and from Crooked Island on
the 16th. The following are extracts from
Papers by this conveyance :
His Majesty's Attorney-General has given his opinion
that the slave law Bill of Dec. 1826 being no longer in
force, in consequence of its disallowance, that the slave
law of 1816 is renewed, and is the Act under which the
trial of slaves must take place. The Learned Gentleman,
suggests not, as he says, from any doubt on the subject,
but as a means of precaution, not to try any slaves for any
offence which subjects them to capital punishment or '
transportation, until the Order in Council, which annuls
the last slave law, arrives, and which may be daily expected.
A Petition most respectably and numerously signed in
favour of granting the elective franchise to the Jews, was
to be presented on the 4th Dec. by Mr. Atkinson, one of the
members for the city, in his place in the House of Assem-
bly, and we feel persuaded that in this enlightened age
that it will receive that support which our friends of the
Hebrew nation so justly merit from the Legislature of this
Island.
The Lieutenant-Governor had been in some danger in
proceeding from Port Henderson to Spanish Town, in •
consequence of his horses having taken fright at some
brushwood which lay near the beach. After plunging re-
peatedly they broke the pole and completely destroyed the
eurricle. His Honour escaped without injury, having leaped
out of the vehicle at the time the horses took fright. His
Majesty's brig Fury, Captain Courtney, arrived on the 2d
December from Cartkagena at Port Royal in four days.
A Rail was given early in November at Spanish Town,
in honour of Sir John Keane's accessioa of the govern-
ment of the island, which was attended by upwards of 100
ladies of the first families. A Bill was presented and read
a first time in the House of Assembly, on the 30th Novem-
ber, to increase the privileges of the free people of colour,
and ordered for further reading. It repeals the Act, 21
Geo. 111. c. 15., concerning three degrees-removal from a
negro ancestor, and then provides that all persons of free
condition, born here, or in the united kingdom, shall be
permitted to vote for Members of Assembly, Vestrymen,
Church Wardens, and Coroners, provided they have a free-
hold house, worth 50/. per annum, recorded in the usual
manner, or a pen of one hundred acres, with a house of
the value of fifty pounds, per annum, or a plantation,
with 50 acres of land planted and buildings thereon, with
slaves that have been taxed, or a rent charge °MOO/. per
annum ; they are also made eligible to parochial offices
and appointments made by the Justices and Vestry, and to
serve as Jurors in Courts, or on Inquests and other occa-
sions ; this clause does not confer any power of sitting and
voting in the Council and Assembly, or of enjoying any
office of Magistracy. His Majesty's packet brig, Mar-
chioness of Salisbury, Capt. Graham, arrived at Jamaica
on the 20th November, in 45 days from Falmouth, and
sailed from thence for Carthagena on the 22d., as she
was expected back, and to sail from the Island on the 11 th
December; his Majesty's ship Barham, Capt. L. T.
Louis, sailed on the 20th November for Barbadoes ; on the
18th his Majesty's ship Buitard, Captain Smith, also
sailed from Port Royal for Chagres.
It is stated in these Papers positively, that the Lieut.-
Governor had thought proper to dismiss Mr. Jarvis Harker,
from his situation as Deputy Judge Advocate of the St.
Ann's Regiment, in consequence of a report of a Court of
Inquiry composed of five officers of Militia, on a charge of
having used gross and insulting language to Major Hilton,
and for having refused a challenge in a dastardly and
cowardly manner. No farther intelligence had been received
relative to his Majesty's packet Hearty, and consequently
the reluctant belief prevailed, that the most disastrous con-
sequences had befallen her. Some disagreement had taken
place between Captain White, of the brig Waterloo, and
Vice-Admiral Flemyng, and the vessel was detain for three
days, on the assumption that the Captain had used impro-
per language to the boarding officer. The detention of the
vessel at a heavy expence, which neither law nor custom
will sanction, leads to the inference thighe Vice-Admiral
has exceeded his authority.

Should any of our readers entertain any doubts
as to the character and government of the Turkish
people, they will find great illumination by the
perusal of an article entitled the Present State
?f Turkey, in the first number of the Foreign
Review, some extracts from which are inserted
in another column. We shall not here analyse
the merits of that able article, the chief
staple of which is founded on personal observa-
tion of the writer, arid therefore inure valuable,
as being imbued with the living impi!ssion of
real events ; but no one who reads that article
can help wondering how a state, governed
by such contradictory impulses, continues its
existence. The abortive negociations at Con-
stantinople for the last six months, can excite no
surprise, if we consider that the political agents
are men of the same stamp as their illustrious
predecessors—each more renowned than the
other for his ignorance or superstitious brutality.
What. can be said of a Government where the
very slaves become dignitaries of the State, and
glory in their servitude as being the source
of promotion ! where the Minister of Fo-
reign Affairs asks, how a Russian fleet
could pass up the Mediterranean, seeing the
Straits of Gibraltar were no wider than the space
marked on the map, to which he haughtily pointed
the finger of scorn as a proof of his superior
geographical knowledge ! But the thing be-
comes more ludicrous when the other Mi-
nisters were convinced by the wisdom of his
Excellency ! With Mahornetans, religion and
monarchy are the main-springs of action. They
fight not for country-slaves have no coun-
try, but for despotism. With them j ustice is bought
and sold :--contradictory decisions are purchased
by clients, to reconcile which, often puzzles the
wisdom of their judges. With them books
have no value—the books of an enslaved
people are never the mirrors of truth.—
But there is one inference drawn from their
slavery not peculiar to other nations—they
are so superior in their own opinion to
the people of other countries, that in their
very thraldom they arc satisfied ! Their
situation
it 'mustt ble —and such is
be insupportable,--and a
is SO bad, that to become worse
now the condition of Turkey. Hospita-
lity is practised among the Turks for two
reasons ;—first, a religious motive ; secondly,
because the tyranny of the Government would take
their riches from them, and it is more agreeable
to give than to be robbed. In Turkey highway-
men are as common as the trees—and assassins
date their rank from the SULTAN him-
self—the GRAND VIZIER and the GRAND
ADMIRAL down to common porters. Burglaries
areso
frequent,of of the mosques is no protection against the
rapacity
The character of the Ottomans of Asia that even the sacredness
the true Believers of the Prophet
Mi-
nor, differs from that of the inhabitants of Euro-
pean Turkey ; and each of the provinces has
its different manners and customs. The cha-

ratter of the Turks in the villages, the towns
of the second rank, the capital towns, and
the commercial and manufacturing towns, also
varies considerably. The Turk of Bulgaria is
rude to ferocity : of Thrace, haughty and fanatic;
the Macedonian is covetous and distrustful ;
the Thessalian, wicked and cowardly ; the All4a-
nian, murderous, thievish, and insatiable ; the
Bosniack, inhospitattle, savage, and blood-
thirsty. The Turk of the commercial towns is
rapacious and perjured ; the Turk of Asia
Minor is rendered ferocious by fanaticism
and by destitution ; in the interior pro-
vinces insolent ; a spoliator and a tyrant in
the maritime districts. The Turk of Constan-
tinople, not only to show his dissatisfaction
at the abuses of Government, but also to plun-
der the heuses and shops of individuals, sets
them on fire, and commits most frightful acts of
barbarity.

SI-UPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JA.N. 17.—Wind S. by E.-.-Arrived from
London, the Ceres, Warner, for Bombay.
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 17.—Wind S.S.E.—Arrived
from London the Sarah, Bateman, for New South
Wales, with damage and loss of anchor aad cable.
PLYMOUTH, JAN. 16.—Wind S. and S.S.E.—
Arrived his Majesty's brig Conflict, Wakefield, from
Sierra Leone, sailed the 16th of December, towed
into port, by the Kent, from Demerara, with loss of
foremast, h
til maintop-mast,
n o
a i nt
voepr-bmoaasrtd,
;n
bowsprit,
the
10thandof January
run rudder,aimaal
gunsso
run down off Scilly, the Lady Dank's, from London
to Teneriffc, crew taken on board the Conflict. The
Kent, Buerly, from Demerara, somewhat leaky ;
Active, Cole, from Lisbon, loss of mainboom, and,
sails split ; the Admiral, Nelius, from St. daloes
to Marseilles, loss of mainmast, &c.; and the Junge,
Henrick, from Antwerp to Marseilles, with sails
split and leaky. The Memnon, Evans, has put in
with loss of bulwarks and sails split.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 16.—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived
his Majesty's brig Beaver, from Jamaica, sailed the
6th of December; on the 6th inst., in a heavy gale,
threw her guns overboard. The Kingfisher Packet
arrived at Jamaica on the sth inst.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TIVEM •'CLecx.

Business for the present seems nearly to have
ceased in the English Stock market, and it id
likely to remain so until the account is finally ad-
justed, or some certainty can be formed on the sub-
ject of the Ministry. Consols opened at 86 for
account, and 841 -A- for money, ex. div., the only
variation being in Consols for the 22d Jan., which
improved to 86i, and for Feb. 1-16th higher; Indts
Bonds are 87 9; Exchequer Bills, S 6 7 pm.
The Foreign Funds remain equally dull. Some
expectation was entertained that his Majesty's Air
Beaver, from Jamaica, would bring advises from Co-
lombia, this we hear is not the case, but they may be
daily expected by the Marchioness of Salisbury
packet, which is supposed to haVe left the island 00
the 11th Dec., die present mail being in lieu of the
Hearty, which there is little doubt is lost. Mexicali
Bonds remain at 464 i; Colombian, 254 6, being
per cent. lower ; this appears to be the case withi
Portuguese, which are 71 -; Russian, 92i i; and
Danish, 604 -I.; in the other foreign securities e°
alteration has taken place.
Shares seem to attract little attention, and the
prices remain stationary.
Three per Cent. Consols, 1144 ex. div. ; Ditto for the
Account 86i • Ditto for Feb., 964 ; Three per Cent'
Reduced, 85* 1; India Bonds, 87 9 pm. ; Excheqlo
Bills, 56 7 pm.

FORElGN.—Brazilian, 60 4 ; Buenos Ayres, ,42
Chilian, 24 6 ; Colombian, ni 6 ; Danish, 60/ ; Greilr'
174 ; Mexican, 6 per Cent., 463- ; PeruviaN tS 6;
Portuguese, 71 )s. ; Russian, 92i ; Spanish, 10111,
Mixas.—Anglo Mexican, 60 56 dis. ; Brazilian, 10
70 pm. ; Colombian, 224 3i per share ; Real del Mond'
par, 10 pm ; United Mexican, 21 20 dis. ; General Miniri
Association, 9 4 per share

TWO O'CLO.X.

The appearance of the Coasol Market has impcd
ved; they have been done at 86/ for account,
and arc now 861 N. It is -reported that id]
length the Ministry is finally settled; and some go
so far as to expect that the Gazette of this evening
will contain the respective appointments. The
advance of Consols is occasioned by the Bear party
not being quite prepared for the account day.

THREE 0' CL 0 6!K
Consols for Account, 8611; for February'
86 buyers—not much business doing.
I this moment learn, from good authority, that,
the new Ministry is arranged, and it will be one 0;
the most powerful since the time of Mr. Pitt, alw,
will act upon the same principles.

TESTIMONIAL TO THE LATE Mil'
CANNING.

Liverpool, Jan. 16'. :
This day a Meeting of the Subscribers to the Monty
ment intended to be erected in memory of Mr. Canniof
was held at the Town Hall. At one o'clock the Worshir
ful the MAyos was called on to preside. .
JOHN GLADSTONE, Esq. read the Report of the Conr
mittee appointed at the meeting of the 27th August la,}
It purported to state, that the Committee, in discharge e
their duty, had adopted measures for obtaining subsea
tions, and they felt great pleasure in being enabled to ft,
port, that a sum of 3,500/. had been subscribed, 3,20 V"
ti
of which was already collected, and 3,0001. placed in t.,'
hands of the Dock Trustees, at 4 per cent, interest. l'''.l:
Committee feel sanguine in the hope that subscriptions 01:
continue to flow in, but entertain an opinion that the s'l4'
already in hand, with the accumulation of interest for t''
period prior to the completion, will be found nearly adt
quate to the object in new. After mature deliberation'
the Committee are of opinion that a bronze statue of 0):
deceased Statesman, placed on a pedestal in a conspict
situation, would be the most appropriate, do credit to thee!
feelings, and meet the approbation of subscribers. IV,i
impressed with the importance of having the design fitrill,e, .
according to superior taste and chasteness of style, and t'
work . executed in the ablest manner, the Conanaittel
deemed it a leading object to ascertain if that Ernie'
sculptor, Mr. Chantry, would be disposed to furnish e
dell, and undertake to execute the work within a reaset'
able time. The fact of Mr. Chantry having modelled frog
the life, mid of his possessing several. busts of Mr. CAI;
ping in marble, operated as an additional stimulus to ti' '
application. The Committee have received au anseli,
from Mr. Chantry, stating that he would undertake
.2
execute a bronze statue of . Mr. Canning, within the tetT
of three years, for the sum of 4,0001. lie .is now Cate
pied on four bronze statues, two of his present Majeiti;
and one of Mr. Pitt, each twelve feet high ; and one.),
laitatyvinngutinbirter.circumstance of 11!11
theentering into corulteeljt,
Mr. Watt, nine feet high. Mr. Chantry would furrOP,'
Lion with other artists. After this information, it was '4
to determine whether they would l'15:,1
the 'subscribers
„ • , xclnsively in Mr. CI t• ' hands,loos t
Luensse.ves e 4an ty S ort.
other artists. The Committee, however, duly appreq.,
in,, the genius, taste, and elaborate execution of, ,fr. ~
omefrimesotolefls3„eabniutdefeolirneii
have come to the resolution of recommending the oboe('
hers to accede to his proposal. The situation of the tie
tended
te
tended monument has engaged the serious attention of t
Committee, and the sites which appear to them most ari,"
propriate for its erection are St. George's Crescent, at t,
top of Lord-street, or the intended extensive area that tct
be left between the new Custom-house and the rive''
They prefer the latter, and beg leave to recommend t''''
the selection of site be left to the new Committer.
Mr. ROBERT GLADSTONE moved, that the Report 3/ tt,
read be adopted ; the motion was seconded by J. Evv°
Esq. and carried unanimously. .
t 0
The new Committee (comprising some of the most e ,q
nent Gentlemen in Liverpool) was appointed, and OP'
being voted to the MAYOR, the Meeting adjourned.

We are requested by Mr. Clifton to stoe,
that he has no connection with this or any °lb
Paper. f muCtitlFifi.
