NAVAL IN') ELLIGENCE

(From the Hampshire Telegraph )
MALTA, APRIL 17.—The Rhadatnanthu steam-frigate,
Commander Wakefield, arrived here on Mood fern Ply_
mouth and Gibraltar. The Ta'bot, 23, Captain Codring-
ton, sided on the 15th for Corfu.

In Port —Princess Charlotte (bosring the fl ,g r.f Admi-
ral ti e Hon. Sir Robert. St,pford, G. C. 8., G. C. M.G.) ;
Ceylon (bearirg the flag of Rear- Admiral Sir J. Louis,
Bart.), Asia, Vanguard, Rodney, Bellerophon, Talavera,
Minden, Castor, Z..bra, Jasseur, steamers —Confl ,nee Her-
mes, Megara, Acheron, and the French steamers, Mentor
and Dinte.

JAMAICA, MARCH 23.—The Tartarus steamer, Lieut.
Smith, sailed on the 26th ult. for Cape Hayti; the Nim-
rod, 18, on the 28th, for tvann•,h ; the COMUi, on the
3d March, and the Watylerer. on the 12th. on a cruise;

the Dee steam.frigate sailed ~n the 14th for St. Thomas's;
and the Sappi,o, 18, on the same day, on a cruise. The
Wanderer arrived on the 28th ultimo, three days from
Bermuda. The transport bat k Barossa, Lieutenant
Scrymgeeur, arrived on the Ist inst , with detachments
of the 15th, 64th. and 68:h, and Royal Artillery ; and
the transport bark Horatio on the 4th, with troops-31
days front Cork. The Charybdis arrived on the 12th—
four days from Carthagena ; and the Skipjack on the 9:h.
from a cruise. The Hercules, 64, arrived on the 18th
front Plymouth, last from Barbadoes; and, on the 20!11,
the United States ship-of-war Natchez. 24, from St. Jago
de Cuba. The Serpent arrived on the 10th from Vera
Cruz, last from Havannah. with 404,000 dollars on account
of Grove, nment, and sailed on the 14th for Barbadoes ; the
Hornet arrived on the 14th from Chagres, with 50 000
dollars, and returned on the 19th. The Cornwallis and
Edinburgh were lying at the Havannah on the 11th of
February.
The Lily, 16, Commander Reeve, arrived on Sunday,
from the coast of Africa She left Ascension on the
31 of March (on which day the Melville, 74, with the
flag ot the lion. Admiral Elliot, sailed thence for the
Cape of Good Hope), Prince's Inland on the 10th of
,arch, Sierra Leone on the 21th of March, and the
Gambia on the 2d ot April—at which period the station
was quite healthy. Lieut. John Price, of the Pylades,
came borne in the Lily ; this officer, in the boats of the Scout
and Pylades, has redeemed from slavery no less than
2,248 negroes in three years. The Lily has returned to
England to afford her Commander an opportunity of trying
by a Court Martial the First Lieutenant ( Richard Fitzge-
rald King), and the Surgeon (Mr. Charles H. Fuller);
the former on charges of neglect of duty, and disrespectful
and insulting conduct to the Commander; the latter on a
charge of disrespectful aid insul!ing conduct to him. The
Court Martial is ordered to be held on board the Victory,
in this harbour, on Monday next.
The Meteor steamer, Lieutenant Pritchard, has left
Falmouth, with instructions to look out for the Hastings,
72, with her Majesty the Queen Dowager on board, and
will accompany her to Spithead. The Hastings was ex-
pected about Monday next, but the late prevalent easterly
winds will detain her for some days beyond that time.
Three of her Majesty's carriages, and one belonging to
Earl Howe, arrived this (Saturday) evening at Mr. George
Coles' coach-factory, to wait the landing of the Royal
party.

The Implacable, 72, Captain Harvey, arrived at Lisbon,
from Plymouth, on the 15th ult.
The Daphne arrived at Lisbon, from Cadiz, on the 16th
April.
The Trinculo arrived at Cadiz on the 16th April.
The Curlew, 10, Lieut. Rose, sailed on Thursday for
the Cape of Good Hope, touching at Plymouth to com-
plete her crew, being 15 short of her complement.
The Apollo troop-f.igate, A. Kerley, master, was
to leave Colombo for England, with the 18th Royal Irish
on board, on the 7th February.
The Revenge, 78, at this port, was commissioned yes-
terday by Captain the Hon. W. Waldegrave ; and the
Clio, 18. on Tuesday, by Commander Deare.
The Bonbow, 74. has been 32 d .ys in commission, and
she is now only 70 men short of her complement—we last
week, owing to a typical error, said 10 instead of 100.
The Childers, 18, wants less than 20 nands ; and the Hydra
is complete. The Powerful, 84, is ordered from Plymouth
to Cork, to complete her crew, in which she will be assisted
by a tender.
The Cornwallis, 72, on her arrival from Bermud 1, is to
proceed to Plymouth, to be paid off, and docked for im-
mediate re-commission.

The officers of the Benbow will give an entertainment
to 150 of their friends, on board the Nelson of 120 guns,
on the day of the launch.
The Vulcan, in company with the Asp tender, crept up
in West Bay on Tuesday last 130 tubs of brandy.
On Monday arrived at the Motherbank the R. Y. S.
schooner Mischief, belonging to Sir Joseph Hawley, from
the Mediterranean, last from Gibraltar, which she left on
the 15th of April. Her Majesty's sloops Wasp and Scor-
pion were lying there, the latter under quarantine. Her
Majesty's ship Hastings, with the Queen Dowager, had
not arrived there when the Mischief sailed, but every
preparation was made, and making to receive her. The
oNner of the Mischief ( Sir J. Hawley) left her at Leghorn
on the 29th of March. and is come over land. On
the 29th of April, in lat. 46 19, and long. 13
W., she spoke the brig Thomas Snooks, from Ber
bice, out forty-nine days, bound to London ; she sup-
plied her with some bread, and they reported that the
master (Baker) was very ill of scurvy; the Mischief was
placed under quarantine on her arrival, for having on
board some morocco and tiger skins, and other articles
taken on board at Tunis and Tripoli ; she was liberated on
Wednesday, and went into harbour to refit. On Wednes-
day arrived the American line-ship Toronto, Captain Gris-
wold, in 27 days from New York, having been detained in
' the Channel by the light prevailing easterly winds ; she
landed the principal of her cabin passengers, and proceeded
for the River. The Westminster, Captain Moore, will be
the next ship from New York; she left New York on the
20th ult.
The Queen, of 104 guns, is now in her cradle, and will

be launchel without fail very shortly after el,ven on the
morning of Wednesday next, the lath; Miss Whitby, a
niece of Sir William Symonds, is to have the honour of
christening the ship. Booths have been erected with rising
sects, from abreast the mainmast to the after part of the
ship on each side, for the accommodation of the Dock-yard,
and naval and military officers and their friends. It was
rumoured yesterday that the launch was to be put off till
next springs, in order that his Highness the Grand Duke
of Russia may be present, the Derby Race at Epsom, fixed
for the same day, having more attraction for him and his
suite; but as it was found that this delay would much
inconvenience the public service, his Imperial Highness
cannot be gratified with the sight. The Britannia be
taken out of dock on Monday, in order that the Queen may
be docked immediately on her being launched.
PROMOTIONS AND APPOINTMENTS.--Lieutenant J. P. B.
Hay, first of the Cornwallis, to the rank of Commander.
and to command the Snake; Humphrey Butler, to the
rank of Commander, on Lord A. Beauclerk striking his
flag. Mate—W. M. Douglas, Acting flag Lieutenant to
Commodore Douglas, confirmed to th.it rank. Comman-
der C. C. Otwav's commission is dated January 30th.
Captain—The Honourable W. Waldegrave, to the Re-
venge. Commander—Charles Deere, to the Clio ;W.
H. Hicks, to Royal Sovereign yacht, for packet service at
Pembroke, vice Corbvn ; Sackett Hope, to Revenge.
Lieutenants—Arthur M Noa'l, to the Seringapatam ; M.

Nolloth, to the Clio; H. B. Davis, from EXeellvn,, to the
Revenge ; C. B. Warren, and, and Charles B. limber,
to Excellent; J Crawford Caffin to Blenheim ; W. Wors-
ford, Hector Tau,,e, Wm. Edmondstone, and John Ross

Ward (Flag Lieut.) to the Impregnable ; W. W. Penne-
father, to Victory; T. C. Ross, to Melville; Edw. Digby,
to the Coast Guard. Masters—NV. T. Wheeler, to
the Clio; W. White, to the Impreanable. Second Mas-
ter—Edward Moore and M. M. S. Burney, Acting Second
Master to Impregnable. Purser—G. Wallis, to the
Clio ; W. B. Page, to the Impregnable ; Thos Stones,
to Revenge. Chaplain--Rev. J. Jenkins, to Bonbon,.
Surgeons—J. Allen, to B,•nbow ; Lawrence Martin, M. D.,
to Niagara. Assistant-Surgeons—W. P. Cumming, to
the Blenheim ; J. Buchanan, to Haslar Hospital ; Dr.
Hugh O'llagan. to the Britannia; G Dunn, to Curlew.
ROYAL MARlNES.—Captain Clarke and Lieuts. Fleming,
and Halliday, with a party have embarked on board the
Impregnable, at Portsmouth. Mr. J. Stewart, son of
Dr. Stewart of Portsmouth, is appointed Second Lieu
tenant.
The followinv Midshipmen passed for Lieutenants, at
the Naval College, on Tuesday : Messrs G. W.
Boothby, William T. Bate, M. G. H. W. Ross, H. H.
M'Roden Page, H. D. Blanckley, Frederick Morris,
W. R. Rolland, and R. R. Easto.
PLI MOUTH, MAY 9. —The Royal Adelaide, 104, was
paid off on Friday, and at sunset the flag of Lord Aurelius
Beauclerk was struck. On the following, morning the
Impregnable was commissioned, and the fl +g hoisted (blue
at the main) of Admiral Sir Graham Moore, K. C. 8., as
Commander-in-Chief at this port.
In Hamoaze.—The Impregnable, San Josef, Belleisle,
Druid, Racehorse, Silph, Netley, Carron, and Hecate
steamers, Ports Buoy Boat.
In the Sound —The Powerful.

DEATHS FROM FIRE.-From inquiries made
at the different Metropolitan Hospitals, it appears that
during the last twelvemonths, that no fewer than 260
deaths from fire have taken place. At Gu)'s, 4S; St.
Thomas's, 40; St. George's, 50 London, 66; Middle-
sex, 20 ; and the London University Hospital, 30.
Total, 260. _

FORGERY. -On Wednesday, a fashionably
dressed personage called at one of the banks in Glasgow,
and presented a check for 1251.—the signature purporting
to bE• that of John Leadbetter and Co. He received the
cash, but the signature was afrerwards discovered to be a
forgery. No trace of the delinquent has since been dis-
covered.— Scotsman.

STATUE OF THE DUKE OF YORK.--Within
the last few days workmen have been employed on the
north side of the Castle Esplanade, preparing a site for the
erection of the monument to the Duke of York. The site
is near the Castle Gate, and immediately contiguous to the
railing which sop•sates the Esplanade from Prince's-street
Gardens.—Scotsman.

SUICIDE.—Monday morning, between twelve
and one o'clock, the following desperate attempt at suicide
Wit mode by a youth named John Thorogood, aged four-
teen years. who resided with his parents, at No. 5, Port-
pool-lane, Leather-lane, Clerkenwell. From the state-
ment of the youth, it appears that he had had only partial
employment, in consequence of which his mother and sister
were in the constant habit of ill-treating him. On Sa-
turday evening they beat him, when he snatched up a table
knife, and, &daring that he would rather die than conti-
nue! to live a life of such tnimTy. thrust it into his stoin-ich
}l,r was immAiately conveyed in au almost lif less state to
St. Kirtholomew's Hospital, where every attention was
promptly paid by the house-surgeon, who pronounced his
would to be of a most dangerous description, being within
one inch of the heart. He is not expected to recover.
Tice Gazelle de France states, that Mademoi-
selle de B rry (sister of the Duke de Bordeaux) was to
tn,r y the Prince Anthony Pasoal, third br :ther r.f the
King of Naples. The Prince is 41 th.• 23 1 year of his
age.
