PORTUGUESE PAPERS.

Antz, Nov. 6.-The last Madrid Gazettes con-
tinue to state that the Umirper, Joseph, will in a
short time set out for Victoria. There are every day
Skirmishes between our parties. and those or the
ettetny, who are superior in numbers ; the insur-
gents, however, always give full employment to the
.•

The division of General Kellerman is supposed
to• have eff-eted an onion with that of Marshal
Ney, who has-evacuated Salamanc'a, retread into
Toro. Their united force is computed to be 16,000
tom,

. The movements of General Blilce indicate a
speedy and decisive blow in Catalonia : the army of
La. Mancha continues to advance.
Nov. 7.—ln'accounts of the 29th, it is stated, that
on the 281 h the enemy was at Daymeil, and were
condueting their artillery to Carrion and Torralva
with much infantry and cavalry, leaving in Ciudad
Real only 300 horse ; and that our cavalry had ar-
rived at Monzanares, leaving the infantry and•bead-
,quarters in the rear. _

Account 4 of the 30th state, that the enemy con-
tinues his retreat, and that it is probable that out
army will advance :immediately. • •
In ' the army of Estramadura nothipg remarkable
Las taken place ; it continues still to receive rein-
furcements, -as well as that of our allies. It is hoped
that a general plan .of operations will be speedily
toricerted.

_The-combined armies of the Nike del Parque,
31endezabal, and Ballasteros; not less formidable by
their numbers than 'them discipline and valour,•are
advancing rapidly against the diviSiOns of Kellernian
and 'Ney, who, as has • already ken said, 'are sup-
posed to hai,e united their forces.

Gerona, notwithstanding the scarcity of 'provi-
sions, gloriously persist§ in maintaining its defence ;
but according-to the last accounts, on the authenti-
city of which we can certainly rely, it'appears, that
on the i9th.ult.'.during an aetion beri,veen'Ofir army
.Snd that of the besiegers, which continued to four
successive hours,' it iecrived considerable. :.succours.
Cud grant it maybe so.
CallbOVA, Nov. - 3.—The 'celebrated Carate of
Quintanilla entered this citylast night, who with
his party of :200 infantry, andnearly, as many hofse,
seized a Mail froth Madrid to France; -atter killing
43, and taking i t of the enemy prisoners.
He has besides sent the Junta of Molina, in Arra-
Ott, .28 waggons of muskets, -taken froth the
trench, Coo sabres; of 'the manufaCture of Toledo,
411 a various other articles, taken in the several
onsets.

This distinguished Patriot maintains that every
thing at Rioja announces a coMplete state of insur-
*edion, notwithstanding the great 'scarcity—of arins.
Our army of La Mancha advances without inter-
Inissiob 6n the enemy, and its advanced guard has
already entered Daymiel.

NOTE BY THE EDITOR OF THE LISBON PAPER.

" This intelligence does not agree, however; with
that from Cadiz, according to which we learn that
the enemy was still at Daymiel, but it is certainly
adore likely that at Cordova they should know the
Thovecnents of our armies than at. Cadiz. I am
therefore inclined to give every credit to this last in-

Nrtnation, with other accounts which.i have from
Darius quarters."

Vice, OCT. 11.—We are assured that three bat-
talions of French infantry have kit the vicinity of
Gerona, on their way to Franoe. There is no ques-
tion 'hat the cause Must be very urgent that has n-
duel the enemy to recall those troops from A posi-
tion where the enemy has' so iripen need of rOn-
forct.ment.

TARANCOItI, OCT. 18..—A 'party of Spinish
Pikemen arrived to-day at this city from Cuet2k,
Ind this evening or to-morrow morning.Areater
d
butnber are stilt vxpeed. Between AlmodiEwlit d
'loudegor 117 French infantry, with 24 royalty,.
'ere surprised by a numerous party from Emprvi-
-bad°, and engaged for more than three hours, when
leveral of the French were killed, and the rest taken
.I)tisoners.

Couriers have arrived at Madrid from Santander,
'ictoria, Burgos, and Itioaja, which has occasioned
tlltich disquietude to the 'partizans and supporters of
the,r French. According to letters from Yevenas and
'°le,d°. Marshal Victor haS assembled in that neigh-
bournood 30,009 men. The Officers of the Tribu-
als of ,POlice, established by the usurped Govern-
nr.lent of Burgos and Victoria, have arrived at M'a'drid.'
‘-erieral Sebastiani is still in that capital : itziSsaid;
det he is to set out for France, and that his corps,
,4g the fourth division of the army, will be joined
0 that of Marshal Victor. .
According to reports brought,by an inhabitant of
this place, who has 'just arrived from Ocanha, it is
!fated that the advanced guard of the French cavalry,
'rum some 'misunderstanding, continued to tire a
considerable time upon each other, and had a num-
ber killed. In consequence of this alarm, the troops
that were at Ocanha anti Aranjuez, have abandoned
those places.

CIUDAD RODRI GO, OcT. 30.—Our army con-
-I:ttiues at Salamanca. Last night 200 dragoons ar-
rived here from Caceres, and soon afterwards more
'ta in. It is certain that General Garcia has had
two successful actions with the French infantry from
Astorga, and. the latter lost 500 men of the 2500
that were engaged.
Situ raLA,Nov.2.—AccOrding to accounts received
f,rom La Mancha, the enemy is retreating to Toledo,
it'aving some detachments in Ciudad Real, Carrion,
and Torralva : notwithstanding this, their bead-
tlllarters were at Daymiel ; but it is certain that some
regiments
% are retiring by Mora, and we are assured
;ley intend to unite at Toledo, and that they. have
remanded daily rations from the neighbouring
.vil.
ageS• (Later information confirms this account of
the
retreat of the French.)
11 According to a letter from Talavera, the enemy is
f, citing in the villages adjoining. the Tagus the few
vrees which he has there.

XCHANGE, DEC. I.—There are but few
:sh arrivals of Wheat to-dat, but tolerable supplies
4t.1 N on hand, part Foreign, sales are at 'little flutiu-
-111 i Barley in demand, a short supply; and rather
prayer ; White Pease likewise ; Beans support their
,%!e ; there ate tolerable' supplies of Oats, and
41`"Pies of best quality are higher; prices of FlourNl' last currency..

824N1811 PROCLIMATIOA,

FO
ASSEMBLING THE CORTES.

SEVILLE, N9v. 3 Maieity: has thought
proper to publish the following ManifeSto,
the days when the General Cores of the. Spanish
Monarchy are to be convoked and held
SPANIARDS!

By a combination of events, as singular as fortu-
nate, it has seemedgood to Providence, that, in this
terrible crisis, you should not advance one step to-
wards independence, without like*wise advancing one
towards a foolish and feeble tyranny, in order to
rivet your 'fetters, and aggravate your chains, pre-
pared the way for French despotism, which,' with
the terrible apparatus of its arms and victories, en-
deavoured to subje& you, to a yoke Of iron. It at
first exhibited itself, like every new, tyranny, under
a flattering form ; and its political impostors pre-
sumed they should gain your favour by promising
you reforms in the administration, and announcing"
in a Constitution, framed at their pleasure, the em-
pire of the laws—a barbarous and absurd contra-
diaion, worthy certainly of their insolence. Would
they have us believe that' the moral edifice of the-li-
berty and fortune of a nation ran be,securely found-
ed on usurpation, iniquity, and treachery ? But the
Spanish people, who were the first of the modern
nations to-recognize the true principles of the social
equilibrium, that people, who enjoyed before any
°flirr the prerogatives and advantages of civil libeny,

and knew how to oppose to arbitrary power the eter-
nal barrier directed by justice, will borrow ,from no
i other nation ;naxims of prudence and poliiical I,re-
,

—caution, and tell those impudent legislators that they
I will not acknowledge as laws the artifices of in-
triguers, nor the mandates of tyrants. Ani:uated by
! this generous instinct, and inflamed with the
tiation, excited by the perfidy 'with which you were
invaded, you ran to arms, without fearing' the ter-
rible vicissitudes of so unequal a combat, and for-
.
tune, subdued by your
.enthusiasm,
.rendered you
hornale; and bestowed on you victory-, in reward for
your val Our;
_ _

The itithiediate effeaolthese first advantages, was
-the reComposition of the State, at that time divided
into so• many faelions bird provinces. ()Ur enemies
thought that they had sown among us the deadly"
germ of anarchy; and did not. advert, that Spanish
judgmeneand circumSpedion were always superior
to French- MachiaVelism, Without dispute, without
violence,- a supreme authority was established, and
the people after having astonished the world with
the sreetacle of their sublime exaltation and their
vidories, filled it with admiration and respect by
their. moderation and discretion. ' •

The Central Junta was installed, and its first care
was to announce to you, that if the expulsion of the
enemy was • the first object' of its attentions, the in-
terior and permanent felicity of the State was the
principal of importance,: to leave it plunged into the
flood of abuses prepared for its ruin, by arbitrary
power,, would have been, in the eyes of your present
Government, a crime as enormous as to deliver you
into the hands of Buonaparte. Therefore, when the
turbulence of war permitted, it caused to resound in
your ears the name of your Cortes, which to us have
ever been the bulwark of civil liberty, and the throne %
of national majesty ; a =he heretofore pronounced
with mrs,ery by the learned, with oistrust by poli-
ticians, and .with horror by tyrants, but which
henceforth signify in Spain the indistrudible base of
the monarchy, the most secure suppovts of the rights
of T.-q;rdinand VII. and of his faniilV, a right for the
People and the Government, an obligation. That
'moral resistance, as general as sublime, Which has
reduced our enemies .to confusion and despair in the
mills; of their victories, must Not receive less reward.
Those battles which are lost, those armies which are
destroyed, not without producing new battles, cre-
ating new armies, and again dtsptaying the standard'
of loyalty, on the ashes and ruins which the enemies
' abandon ; those soldiers who, dispersed in one ac-
tion, return to offer themselves for another ; that
populace, which despoiled of almost all they pos-
sessed, return to their bowies, to share the wretched
remains of their property with the defenders of their
country; that concert of lamentable and despairing
groans and patriotic songs ; that struggle, in fine, of
ferocity and barbarity on the One hand, and of re-
sistance and invincible constancy on the other, pre—
Sent a whole as terrible as magnificent, which Eu-
tope contemplates with astonishment, and which
history will one day record in letters of gold, for the
admiration and example of posterity.
A people so magnanimous and generous ought
only to be governed by laws which are truly such,
and which shall bear the great chara6ter of public
consent and common titility, a chars ter which they
tn
can only receive by eatrating from the august as-
sembly which has been announced to you. The
Junta had proposed, that it should be held during
.the whole of the ensuing year, or sooner, if circum-
stances should permit , but in the time which has
intervened since this reselution, a variety of public
events have agitated the minds Of the people; and
the difference of opinions relative to the organization
of the Government, and the re-establishment of our
fundamental laws, has recalled the attention of the
Junta so these important objets -with which it has
latterly been profoundly occupied. It has been re-
commended on the one hand, that the present Go-
vernment should be converted into a regency of three
or five persons, and this opinion has been represent-
ed as supported. by one,of our ancient laws applica-
ble to oor present situation. But the situation' in.
which the kingdom was when the French threw off
the mask of friendship to execute their treacherous
usurpation is. 'singular in our history, and cannot
havebeen fdreseen in our institutions. Neither the
infancy, nor the insanity, nor even the captivity of
the Prince in the usual way in which these evils oc-
cur, can be compared with our present case, and the
deplorable situation to.which it has reducedus. A
political poSition, entirely new, requires political
forms and prindiples likewise/entirely new. To.ex-
pel the French, to restore to his liberty and his
throne our adored King, and to establish solid and
permanent bases of good government, are the
maxims which gave the impulse to our revolution,
are those which support and dire& it;
,and that
covernMent will be the . best which shall most
promote and fulfil these three wishes of the Spanish
nation.

• Does the regency of which that law speaks, pro-
trte us_ this security ? What inconveniences; wilat

•
dengers, how many chvisiona, how many parties,
how many ambitious.precensions within at d with,
out the kingdom, how much and how just discon-
tent in our Americas, now called to have a share in,
the present Government ? What would become of
our cities, ow- liberty, the.cheering prospeots 01 fu-
ture welfare and glory whiCh now present them-,
-seNes? What would become of the objeft most va
luab!,.and sacred to the Spanish nation, the pteser-
vation of the rights or Ferdinand ? The advocates
tor this institution ought to shudder at theimmense
danger to which they exposed themelves, and to
bear in mind, that by it they afforded to the Tyrant
a new' opportunity of buying and selling them; let
us bow with, reverence to the Venerable antiquity of
the law, but let us profit by the experience of ages;
.let 'us open our annals, and trace the history of our
Regencies; what shall we find ? A pi.ture,:eqUally
melanchbly and frightful,' 01 desolation,or civil war;
of rapine, and of human depravity, •in unfortunate
Castile.

Doubtless in great. States power is more benefici-
ally exercised by few than by many. Secrecy in
deliberation, unity in concert, activity in Measures„.
and Celerity in execution,. are indispensablerequi-
sites for the favourable issue of the acts of Gevern-
went, and are properties of a concentrated authority
'only., The Suprerrie Junta has therefore just con-
centrated its own with that prudent circumspection
which neither exposes the State to the vacillations,:
consequent upon every change of G-overninent, nor
Materially affects the unity ,of the' body which
is entrusted with it.—Henceforth a section cow-
posed of the removable Members will be 'iPc-
cially invested with the necessary authority 'to
direct those measures of the executive power
which from their timbre reqUire secrecy, energy,
and dispatch. Another opinion, hostile to the
Regency; equally contradicts whatever innovation
may be attempted to be made in the political form
which the Government has at present, and objects to
the intended Cortes, as an insufficient representa-
.tion, it they are constituted according to the ancient
formalities, as ill-timed, and perhaps hazardous, in
respect to present circumstances; in short, as use-
less, since it supposes that the superior Juntas, eirci-
ed immediately by,the people, are their real repre-
Sentatives. But the Junta had expressly declared to
the nation; that its first attention Mthe great objett
would be occupied with the number, mode, and
class with which the meeting of this august assem-
bly, in the situation of affairs, should be carried into
effed ; and after this declaration, it is superfluCus, not
to say maliciOus, to suspe6t, that the figure Cortes
are to be confined to the rigid and exclusive' forms
of our ancient ones. Yes, Spaniards, yoU are going
to Have your cnurts, and the national representation
will in them be as perfeat and full as it can and
ought to be• in an assembly of such high importance
and eminent dignity. You are going to have courts,
and to have them rmmediately, because the.urgeht
situation in which the nation is- placed imperiouSly
demands it'; and at what time, graciOus God! can it
adopt. this measure helot- than at present ? when an
obstinate war has exhausted all the ordinary means,
when the
,egotism of 'some, arid the ambition of
others, debilitate and paralyse the efforts of the Go-
vertiment, by their opposition or indifference, when
they seek to eradicate the essential principle of the
.Monarchy, which is union When the Hydra of Fe-
.
deralism, so happily- silenced the preceding year, by
the creation of the. central power, dares again begin
to raise its. Poisonous head, and endeavours to pre-
cipitate us into 'the dissolution of anarchy--:wlien the
subtilty of our enemies is s snatoing the moment
When our divisions disunite us, to destroy the state,
anti to erect then throne on the ruin which our dis-
at-at-hops afford. them. This is the time, this, to
coiled in one point the national dignity and honour;
and when the Spanish people may will and decree
the extraordinary "surplus a powerful nation ever.
has within it tor its salvation, it alone can encounter
and put them in motion, it alone can encourage the
timidity of some, and restrain the ambition of others,
it aloile suppress importunate vanity, puerile
pretensions, and inturiated passions,- which; '
unless
prevented, go to tear in pieces the Government'; it
will, in fine, give to Europe a fresh example of its
religion; its circumspeCtion, and its discretion, in the
just and moderate use which it is about to make of
the gloriousliberty in which it is constituted. *Thus
it is that the Supreme Junta, which immediately 're-
cognised that national representation as a right, and
proclaimed it as a reward, now invokes and'. im-
plores it as the most necessary and efficacious Nine-
_
dy ; and has therefore resolved that the General
Cortes, of the Monarchy, announced in the Decree
of 'the 22c1 of May, shall be convoked on the Ist
day of January in (he next year, in older to enternn
'their august funtlions the Ist day of Match fol-
lowing : when that happy day has arrived, the Junta
shall say to the representatives of the station—

"Ye are met together, 0 Fathers of your country,
and re-established in ail the plenitude of your rights,
after a lapse of three centuries, when despolisin
and arbitrary power dissolved von, in order to stio-
jecA this nation to all the evils of servitude. The
aggression which, we have suffered, and the war
which' we maintain, are the fruits of the most
shamefuloppression, and the most unjust tyrannY."
The Provincial Juntas, who were able to resist and
repulse the enemy in' the' first impetus of hi,: inva.-
sion, investedttie Supreme Junta h the sovereign
authority,. which they exercised fol: a time to give
unity to the State,',and concentrate its power.—
Called to the exercise of this authority, not by am-
bition or intrigue, but by the unanimous voice of
the Provinces of the kingdom, the individuals of
the Supteine Junta shevved . themselves .worthy of
the high confidence reposed itethem, by employing
all their vigilance and exertions for the pre,ervation
and.prospeeity, of the State : the magnitude of our
efforts will be apparent from the consideration of the
enoraiity of Clie evil which preceded. When the
power was, placed in our hands, our armies, half
formed, were unptovided and destitute of every
thing, our Treasury was empty, and our resources
uncertain and distante The despot of France, avail-
ing himself of the 'tranquility in which the North
then was, poured upon the PeninSula the military
power then under his command, the most formi-
dable that has been known. His most warlike
legions better provided, and, above all, more nu-
fruerons than ours, reshed on every side,..tineugh
much to their cost,, against our armies, destitute of
the same expert nes.4 and confidence. A new inun-
dation at' barbarians, who-carried desolation through.-
out all the provinces ot-WhiCh they took possessive;

fr 1715 the consequence of these reyllrse;,
closed wounds of Lour unfortunate country began
painfully to open, and pour forth blond in torrt.nti ;
the yState thus lost half its strength ;I apd,wh'en ;he.
Junta, bound to save. the honour, the independi;n:..e, •
and the unity of; the nation, tr.,,m the i!nlpetu)=-
invcisiun of the tytrit, took refuge in •At-011mia, tit
division of 20,000 ioeti.repaited to the wails (5f Sit-
rago-sa,, to bury themselves in its .ruirt%. T:,e
army of the centre, bqin,g thus deprived of a gr(-iar
Oa of its strength, cii6l.nOt- give to its op-Tacit-pis.
that activity and.energy, w;iich must hove have 1:11
, very di derent &nsults.. from' iio;le• of the bat it

,
ilkles, he a vt,,nues of:the 'Sierra Morena,• and t
bans of. the Tagus,. were only defended by ;i:-
:ilied hanclfulls,of.tnen,, to whom could scarcely
given the .name, of ;mole!, :Tlic Junta,
hou -
by means. of,aCtiVity and sacrifices, resfored thew,
so rowed andldisper§edin the:t:•wa battles 'of Cind !,t
Real and Mettelin.•.. Instead of despairing ~f.tt,e
country, -they reili;mbled their ei.-.Crts, and in a' few
days collet leikand opposed. to the •enemy moo° in-,
fan,try ancl!o,Qoo cavalry. i• These forces •toie
fo-ogb,,r, it, iA,trne, with* suCce-st,..but-al ways wi:th-
ga:lantry,atrAglory,,, e„
The crepticn, ilie:rep*ratita6;ancfitlye sub..iSterrce
of these, armies, Irrie.Jnotie afisorUed, thetcoo-
siderable supplies which -bared:wen seta us by dur
brethren-in America. e hay.e.maintained in the
free' provinces unity, order; anti ju,tiee; and ,in
those occupied by the enemy, we have' exertcd e71:1-
endeaVours to preserve, • thougliTkeretly,• the fire'
patriotism, and the bounds' of loyalty. ;We hive.
vindicated. thcr national. honour, and independence ;n
'the most"complicated and difficult diplomatic nego-
ciations, andwe have . made. fie3'd'againo. atiVersity,
without suffering ourselves.to ,err, 41-Listing that We
should overcome it by our constancy., .We have,
without doubt, committed. errars, •woulti
willingly, were it possible, .redeem. them with our ,
blood; but in the ;confusion of events •tholoog. the
mountains of difficulites wh:cli.surrounded us, who
could be certain •of always being-in the right
Could we be 'responsible, because one body of trooi:s
wanted valour, and another confidence? beerit,‘
,one General had less ptudenee, 'and 'Another lb:4S
good fortune ? Much, Spaniards, 13:t attributed
to our inexperience, muchqo circumstances, but no-
thing to our intention. That .ever has-been-to-tie.,
liver our unfortunate King, from slavery, and pre-
serveto him a throne, for which Ith,s,Spanish pco )k
have made suCh sacrifices, and to ruaitrain it ftel
independent, and happy. \V have, frixn tlitr•tiino
of our institution, promised .a country ;. we have
decreed the. abolition of arbitrary power, from the
time we announced •the re!establishnient at. our
Cortes. Such is, 0 Spaniards ! the use we
made of the unlimited power and autholityconfid
to its;, and when your wisdom shall have estabish.
ed. the basis and form 'of Government most-pror
for the independence and good 'of the State, . we vvil
resign the, authority into the bands you shall pcmt
'out, contented with the glory of havidg given to 11,e
Spaniards. the dignity of a nation legitimately.con-
stitOted:' May- this solemn and -magnifidenfassetn-
bly be produalave of efficacious meatis,.:ervrgy,.iind
fortune 5. may it be au immense inextingoisha6ie .
volcano, from which may flow torrents •ot patriot-
to re-vivify every -pari,cf this vast monarchy,
toint3ame all minds with that Sublime enttok;iasm,
which produces the safety and glory of nations, and
the despair of tyrants. ,

Raise yourselvek, noble Fathers of the Country,
to the elevation of your high duties, and Spain, ex-
alted with you to an equally brilliant destit;y, shall
see returned into her bosom,, for bet happiness, Fer.
dinand VII. and his unfortunate family; sL'e
her sops enter on the paths of prosperity and -glory,
which they ought .henceforth to pursue, and receive
the crown of the sublime and almOst divine eflOrts
which they are making.--loyal Alcazar of Seviiie,
oa.. 28, 1809.

Marquis ASTORGA, President.
P. DE RIVER°, SeC,Gell.

AGRICULTURAL REPORT-for NOVEMBER.

The weather in the early part of Inst month hz.:B
been exextremely 'favourable to the young wheat, which
requires a mild season to give them firm root to with-
stand the storms and frosts of winter. The early.
sown spreads well upon the ground, and looks very
healthy : the latter,' owing to the dry- weather, is
but just making its appearance, and Will rluire Solite
open mild days to bring out the flag, to cover th,,.
land,' which is so necessary to ensure a good crop.
The new wheats rise better to the flail than was ex-
pealed;
,their quality is, in general, fine, from their
not having received so much injury-from the rains as.
was supposed. The straw in swine Countries is ra-
ther short.

Barlies continue to rise a rough and very indif.
ferent sample;- those that were harvested without
rain, are of a very coarse and ordinary quality;
.the
straw being very fiaggy, it requires much trouble
and great caret() separate the corn from it wheri
threshed.

Oats rise well to the flail, and only require sNne
sharp frosty weather to make them good provender.
Peas and Beans, where they have been threshed
for hog-seed, turn out-more than an average crop.
'The late sown turnips are very much improved ;
and the very favourable weather in the early part of
last month has enabled the farmers to graze off tlieir
crops of lattertnath, and to keep their cattle out of
the straw-yard, v,hich,,trom•the heavy rains- in har-
vest injuring the straw, will he but ad indifferent
winter resource. <.:rft-ie best .4'ay to consume th;S in-
jured straw to,the Anosf,advantage, will' be to cm it
up with sweet bay; about 'an inch or an inch and a
half long, and mix it -well by shaking before it is put
into the trough.

• . SMITHFIELD MARKET, Dim. r.
This day's Market was not well supplied with..
different kinds of Cattle; -Mutton is soinething
cheaper than our last report ; Beef, Pork, and Wal,
support last, prices; and the trade for the mast part
was somewhat flat.—The sales in the Hay Market
were inconsiderable; Straw sold at last price; Hay
and Clover have fallen in .price.—The audertnen,
tioned: prices and numlaers are an accurate slate-

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Oxford, Nov. 19.

SlTii
I have been Waning in vain under an expeelaOtin
of obtaining the sight of a letter'addressed by Lord
Grenville to the Principal of Brazen Nose College,
Which he is -said to describe at length his views
in supporting the.,claims of the Catholic Body. A
Liter on such a subpa, and at such a time, ought,
in fairness to the University, to have been made

public.
Lord Grenville recollects, and, feels ho‘v hostile be
has been to .their sentiments. It would be sell,
-therefore, that he should explain himself,' it it were
done openly : but instead of that his expoqe is read
Nx it bin the circle of his own immediate frietilds only.
Their account of it may be (caddy conceived; they at.-
fea a sort of confidence, and give out that be Ihts ex-
plained himself most entirely .to their saiislattion : of
this I have no kind of doubt. It is pretty plain that
the persons who are bound to his Lordship by the
ties of personal obligaticn and political party, will
be easily-satisfied. An explanation, indeed, to those
who Make no inquiries,
.and a vindication to those
who raise no ComplainG is surely an idle ci!remony.
Among this number I could point out certain mi-
tred canvassers in the Grenville interest. These

churchmen require no apology from their friend and
patron—to them he has given no offence.. They,
accuse him not of introducing a system injurious to
the safety of the Constitution and the ChUrch. But
the indepcndent Members of Convocation stand un-
der very different circumstances, and ought to look

a little further.
It is not enough for me that 'a list of what have ,
beeni styled Lord Grenville's Bishops should be hand-
ed a• out, and that the Principal of Brazen Nose
should be made the depository of a memorial Alai,- I
arn:aJt. permitted to examine. I cannot, certainly,
make,a reply to the unknown conteAts of this se-
cret treasure. I shall therefore confine4ryself to a
plain statement of matters of public 'notoriety; as
they respet the conduet both of Lord Grenville and
of the University, in relation to the Catholic qUes-'
tion, -order that the unbiassed Members of Can-
vocation, though deprived of the opportunity 'of
judging of his Lordship from his explanatory lettetf,
may form some opinion (Alija) from the evidence of

fw.ts.
First, then, Lord Grenville, in March, 1805,
presented to the House of Lords the PettitOn of
the Irish Qatholic Body, the prayet of which in ef-
fe& was, that the Lrgislature would at once apply a
wet sponge to the eisting Test Laws, and by 'temov-
lug all disabilities affeCting Papists, allow theni 'to
and vote in either House of Parliament, an,i in
one.word, to hold any office cr station of whatever
.power, trust or. responsibility, whether in the Law'or
the State, in the Artily •-or in the Navy, from the
.west to sLe highes,, from that of the Gauger of .a
, cik4( of tun), to those of Privy Cognsellor, Cabinet
Altoister, Lord Chancellor, or Commanuer in
Chief.
