CALL OF THE HOUSE.

Lord BELFAST moved that the House be called over
to-morrow.--Agreed to.
The House then adjourned at a Quarter to Seven.

ROUSE OF LORDS, MAY 9.
RESIGNATION OF MINISTERS.

There was a large attendance of Peers an both sides of
the House considerably before five o'clock. It was evi-
dent that some important statements were to he made.
Earl GREY entered the House at ten minutes past five
o'clock. He held in his hand several petitions. He had
hardly been seated a minute before a messenger arrived, re-
quiring his attendance in the ante-room. After an absence of
two minutes his Lordship returned to the Treasury Bench.
The Duke of Sussex, Lord Durham, the Duke of Rich-
mond, and Lord Goderich, were also on the same bench.
The LORD CHANCELLOR entered the Huns, at a
quarter-past five o'clock.

Earl GREY immediately rose and presented seven peti-
;ions in favour of Reform, and one praying for the aboli-
;ion of tithes.

RESIGNATION OF MINISTERS.

Earl GREY, atter he had named the quarters from
whence lie held the petitions in his hand, said—Now,
my Lords, after what passed in this House on
Monday night, and the result of that night's
debate, your Lordships will probably ba prcpared for the
information which it is my duty to give. The result
of that decision certainly was such as to reduce me to
the alternative, either, in conjunction with my col-
leagues, of at once withdrawing from his Majesty's
service, or of tendering to his Majesty our advice,
which then appeared justified by the necessity of the
case, to take such means as might insure the success of
the Reform Bib now before your Lordships, or in the
event of that advice being refused, to tender humbly and
respectfully our resignations. My Lords, the last alter-
native we, after much consideration, adopted. We offered
that advice to his Majesty which we thought our duty
in the circumstances of the times required, and the alter.
native submitted to his Majesty has been accepted by him,
and he has graciously accepted our resignations—at the
saute time honouring us with the fullest expression
of the approbation of our services during the
time we have been in his Majesty's Councils, and
during which we certainly have received f-on J. •
Mijesty
a confidence a 0 support, for which must be thankful
during the whole time I have yet to live. My Lords,
under these circumstances then, we now, having given
in our resignations, and those resignations having been ac-
cepted, only hold our offices till our successors cut be ap-
pointed ; and under these circumstances, my Lords, I think
your Lordships will see the propriety of onr :lot proceed-
ing with any public bnsinoss, on which anything like a
difference of opinion or contest should arise, until
a new Admirdstration shall have been formed. I shall, there-
fore, not propose to-morrow to proceed with the Committee
on the Reform Bill. But to-night them is a-, order of the
day for the consideration of a Bill of great public import-
ance—l mean the Bill for a new regulation of the offices
of the Admiralty and the Navy. My Lords, this is a Bill,
as I have stated,'of great public importance, which has
received the sanction o; persons of the highest autho-
rity, not now in his Majesty's service. It is of
great moment that that Bill should pass with as little
delay as possible. The 14th has been the day fixed,
by those who brought the Bill up from the Com-
mons, for the operations of the .I''il; commencing.
If, therefore; these :s oo material objections to be taken
to this Bill,- my Noble Friend behind me will propose to
proceed with it. If there should be any objections to it,
this, like other matters on which cne;itioos may arise,
must be deferred; in propriety, till an. opportunity is af-
tOr4ed of considering what shall arise after the formation
of a new Government. This being the state of
circumstances, my Lords, I trust your Lordships will
concur with me in the propriety of deferring for the
present the consideration of all such matters as are likely
to lead to considerable difference of opinion.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH—My Lords, with respect to
that Bill to which the Noble Earl has last alluded, I think
it very likely that there may arise considerable difference
t,t opinion; therefore, l'would suggest that the considera-
t,i-:n of it should the Bill be deferred.
Earl GREY—After what I have stated, toy Lords, my
proposition of goicg on with the Bill now could of course

all he congratulated the people of this country on the
patient, continued, temperate, and constitutional—he
should say, conciliatory course they had adopted.—(Hear,
hear.) They had won Reform from their friends. Let
them proceed in the same way and they would soon extort
it from their enemies.—(Load cheers.)
Lord PLYMOUTH had made extensive inquiries for
the purpose of ascertaining the real state of the number
and character of those said to have been present at the
Birmingham meeting, and could not by any means accede
to the calculation of the Noble and Learned Loid who
presented the petition. Many had gone from curiosity,
and booths had been erected for the purpose of games.
The LORD CHANCELLOR deprecated the discussion
which had thus inadvertently arisen. Some might have
attended the meeting through curiosity, but their Lordships
would much mistake if they thought the body and bulk
of the people had attended from curiosity to partake of
the accidental sports, They had a;teadrd from the great
anxiety they felt sincerely, with a view to promote the
grand objectof the meeting. He would take this opportunity
of stating also, indeed he bad been requested to state,
that the peaceable demeanour and 1,...,11 conduct of those
that had attended the meeting had not been disturbed or
broken in upon during the course of the proceediw.gs by
even oate single appearance of tumult.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH suggested to the Noble Earl
opposite, that he should move the discharging of the order
for the Committee on the Reform Bill to-morrow, and
nominate some other day, when it might be convenient to
proceet: in it.
Earl GREY said, I intended to move that the order be
discharged ; but I think, my Lords, there is no necessity
that any other order of the day should now be appointed.
Lord DURHAM presented two petitions, one from the
Yeovil Political Union, the other from the Corporation
of the city of Perth in favour of the Reform Bill. Also
a petition from the city of Durham fur the al.;,glitica cf
negro slavery.
Bail CARNARVON did not think that he should be
doing his duty to that House, to the people,
and to the Sovereign, who was now left in an
extraordinary difficulty, be might say perilous state, if,
seeing the most contemptuous discharge of the order of the
day for considering in committee the Reform Bill, he did
not make a motion upon the subject. After their Lordships
hail intimated their wish to proceed in the consideration of
the Bill, in the most liberal and conciliatory manner,
merely because the mode of proceeding in the alphabetical
manner suggested by his Majesty's Ministers had not bee:.
adopted, because the House would not allow ochedule A and
schedule B to precede schedule C the most extraordinary,
event had been consequent upon it. The Noble Earl op-
posite might act as lie pleased, but he never told the House
the alternative he did to his Sovereign. Their Lordships
knew what were the grounds, the slight grounds, of their
defeat on the preceding evening, for one of the mcst foul,
most atrocious piecea of ad✓ice with which subjects perhaps
ever dared to insult the ears of their Sovereign. Their
Lordships had heard, as was natural to expect, that the
Sovereign of this country, who was the first to recom-
mend Reform, upon its broad and general
principles, had acted as every Sovereign of the Hous2 of
Brunswick would act, and had thps gained, if possible, an
additional claim to tiae gratitude of his subjects. But
it should not be thrown out to the public that

the determination of the Government, whatever their
motive might be, originated in the vital rejection of the
Bill. For this Bill in that House must be discussed:
though the majority of their Lordships, which 14 did not
believe,-were against it. He should therefore move in-
stanter that the order of the day be now discharged, and
stand for Committee on Monday next. Whether or
not the House would be in a state to proceed on so
early a day to the consideration of it he did not know, but
ho knew that it would then be easy to move fara further
adjournment of it.
Lord GREY said, my Lords I have been too much
accustomed to the intemperate, the violent, the personal
—(Hear, hear)—the unparliamentary( Hear, hear)--
the almost disorderly attacks—(Loud cheers)—of the No-
ble Lord, to be much affected by them on this occasion.
Nor is it for the purpose of defending myself apiost im-
putations such as the Noble Earl has thoL;ght proper to
cast on me, that >1 now r;se. 1 trust that in the estirna-
lic,n of your Lordships • and of the public, my cha-
racter does stand, 1 hope I may say it without
presumption, sufficiently high to guard me from fear of
suffering from such imputations—(Cheers)—from ct:.ch a
quarter. The Noble Lord is pleased t? ciAracterize the
advice that I have tel.; • i;; ray duty to give to
my Seve:e4n, as atrocious, as insulting, as such
as no subject should give—(hear, hear, from the Opposi-
tion)—and there are persons on the other side of the House
who I see agree in that sentiment. All I oan sax on the
subject is, that I deferred that adyice till the '`fast Moment,
when the necess;ty tic;: circumstance, and my own
sense of public- duty imposed it upon me, as an obligation
from which I thought I could not escape, humbly to tender
that advice to his Majesty.—(Cheers.) Whether, my
Lords, that advice was right or wrong, when Noble Lords
choose to bring it under discussion, 1 bs prepared
to argue the question, and defend in the best way
I can—(Cheers)—and ; appeal with confidence to the
Housa and to the public, front whatever motive the Noble
Earl may please to impute to tae, for I believe the
Noble Earl attached sortie particular motive to my
conduct.—(Cries of "
No, no." tlle 4oble 'Lord means
to disclaim it, I ;ct a:hide:to motives which he has
not imputed. taut I say, my Lords, that advice I shall
be prepared to defend whenever an opportunity offers.
—(Hear.) I throw myself upon the cznd;tlc of this
House and the public to consider whether it was possible
I could have has; any other motives than those which arose
from a strict sense of what I feel to be my public duty.
Having given that advice upon an important subject, the al-
ternative was simple, it being rejected. I supnos; that a Mi-
nister of the Crown, when he stimla ;in a situation of offer-
ing to his 111irerity upon an important subject, and
if that adviee, whichis then tendered, is not accepted—
and if the subject is of sufficient inriortanoe as that
brought before
situated, h your Lords( suppose a Minister so
-e;s. ;;.G other alternative than to tender his
resignation. My Lords, that is the course which
J have proceeded, but it seems, a;,carinng to the Noble
Lord's opinion, atroe',ocr, and violent, for he says there
was only a trifling difference of opinion. The ques-
tion on which the Government were outnum-
bered was a mere matter of form, and no
deeper affected the essential principles or • success
of the Bill. It was proposed to be moved in a moat conci-
liatoryquestion whether the discussion of schedule C and D should
take precedence of A. arid B. Why if it was a question
spirit, and was, in point of fact, no more than a
of that light importance, I Oink the eersure
o' the Noble Lord would be just, but 1 did not so r;onsi•
41, r it.—(Hear, hear.) Anil in the debate I . stated to
your Lordships the icamons why it appeared to me to be
question of the utmost importance, materially affect-

wisdom, and who even then declared that he should
eventually vote against the measure. By whom else was tie
proposition supported? By another Noble Duke, who
stated that he would vote against any measure of disfran-
chisement whatever; while another Noble Baron 'dated
that another Bill might be pas.ed without any disfran-
chisement whatever. Why, under these circumstances,
is it not childish—(Loud cheers)—is it not childish to
say that this was a mere question of form—that this
was a mere question of precedence—that the principles
of the Bill, that the efficiency of the measure, were not to
affected—(Continued cheers)—and that we had re-
fused on this side of the House to accept of a proposition
originating in no party spirit, and propounded in a con-
ciliatory disposition?—(hear, hear, and loud cheers.)
My Lords, under these circumstances, 1 felt that I had
but one course to pursue, either to see that the means
of insuring the sucecess of this Bill existed and would be
used, and if not, of resigning my situation ; for, my Lords,
it was impossible for me, consistently with what I think
is my duty to the public, consistently with what is due to
my own character and the House, to sit here the shadow
of a Minister—(Loud and long cheering)—the author of
this Bill, and yet to suffer it to be cut and carved, mutilated
and deformed, and yet to oppose no resistance. My Lords,
it will be a violent proceeding in the Noble Lord's opi-
!lion ; bus by all reasonable men, even by these who are
opposed to the measure itself, it will only be that course
which was called for by that sense of duty whLh, I trust,
will always govern my conduc.t—(cheers)—and by that
sense of honour which 1 trust in God will ever
actuate me.—(Loud and continued cheers.) My Lords,
I stand before the public responsible for what I have done
—a responsibility win:- I am willing to meet..—(Cheers)
and to vindicate the conduct I have pursued, and the
motives which have dictated it, whenever a proper occa-
sion requires.—(Loud cheers.) But now only one
word more as to what the Noble Lord opposite called the
contemptuous manner of discharging the motion. My.
Lords, I am not sensible that there was anything of
e.,ntempt in the manner in which I proposed to dis-
charge the order of the day. It is not required by
the rules of the House that any other order of the day
should ba appointed. In the present state of public affairs
I could not, as the Noble Lord b 3 his conditional appoint •
ment of a day himself admits, fix precisely a day. I
certainly cannot proceed with the Bill under the circum-
stances I have cated.—(Loud Cheers.) I trust that out
of oil these unhappy differences of opinion that exist, a
measure of Reform, a great, extensive, effectual, and bene-
ficial plan of Reforni—(Loud cheers)—for if it is not
great, extensive, and effectual, it cannot be beneficial—
(Loud and long continued cheering)—trill be produced,
and will restore the confidence of the public in the insti-
tutions of the state.—(Loud cheers.) I trust, I say, that
out of these unhappy differences now prevailing a mea-
cure will arias that will give satisfaction. If it falls
short of what I think is right and necessary, yet if it
have that effect, it will give me sincere pleasure and sa-
tisfaction ; but I could not trust, under the circutnatances I
was placed in, to carry a measure tukiect to daily defeats
and alterations that would be forced on me by a majority
of the House daering with me so widely in opinion, and
composed, as to 4-sths at least, of persons who object
to all. Itefortn whatever.--(Loud and long continued
cheers.) Thus, nay Lords, I have thought it necessary
to vindicate myself against the uncalled for, ill timed, and
I must say the unprovoked attack of the Noble Lord.

I should not, hoseever, have attempted,any answer to it
having been exposed to so Much of the same character—
(Cheers)—had I not thought it of more importance
to wet myself right with your Lordships and the
public with respect to the course I have pursued
and the motives that have dictated it—(Loud cheers)__
particularly in giving that wivitse, and tendering that re-
signation, to hia Majesty, which nothing, in the present
circumstances of the country, but a painful sense of duty
could have compelled me to give.—(The Noble Earl eat
down amidst loud and long-continued cheers.)
The Earl of CARNARVON said; that he had made
no attack upon the Noble Earl, but as the Noble Earl
had made an attaea. upon him, he was sure that their
Loedshipa would allow him a few words in explanation.
It still appeared to him that the other House of Parlia-
inent having sent the measure up to them, and their Lord-
ships having determined to take it into coosi;ieration, if
their Lordships should now deterine not to go further
they would appear to dismiss it with contempt. Now he
was sure. shit every Member of that House desired to
afford to that measure the most earnest and the most
complete attention. With regard to the complaint of the
Noble Earl, that he (the Earl of Carnavon) had im-
puted
.motives to him, and sinister motives tact, 'ha would
appeal to their Lordships wbethe; single word that had
fallen from hint cott,l4 k,,c construed into the tneaainc, of
nny ouch motives to the Noble E irl. Indeed,
after what he had heard to-night, and a few nights ago,
he, for one, could not form a conclusion as to what the
motives were which had guided the Noble in the course
which he had pursued. He tio?neeht, that the Noble Earl,
when he spoke of the nriviee which he bad tendered to the
Sovereign, aliaded .to that which had been formerly alluded
to in that House and elsewhere,—namely, the making of
such a number of Peers as would destroy the deliberative
character and independence of the llonecof,Lords.—( Hear. )
But though he condemned the g;ving of such advice, be
t•ad never imputes to the Noble Earl that in giving it he
was eataatod by tho perconal motive of preserving himself
and his coll-agues in office; anti he had never meant to
insinuate that in tendering such a tremendous eel:wee:el to
their Sovereign, they had done so for *,!;..c.. purpose of
making their way in a House wlticii they had been
already outvoted. if Noble Earl supposed that he im•
pitted any cuss, n,otive to him in giving that counsel, he
had quite misunderstood what had fallen from him (the
Earl of Carnarvon), and if any person had insputred such
a motive to the Noble Earl, the itreleata'sion had not
come from that side of the Douse. When he said that
it was the most arpcious advice that any Minister had ever
given to his Sovereign, the words were spoken in raerfect
good temper, though, undoubtedly, they ogees charac-
terized by a warmth which became a leiehd of the Con-
stitution, and a Member of that House—they emanated
from a feelin-., wLieb he should deeply and warmly eater-
tain tin the Ist moment of his existence.—(Cheers from
the Opposition.) If, however, such ay atrocious counsel
had not been given to the Sovereign, and if it were other
considerations that bast induced the Noble Earl to ;ake the
step which he bad taken, he humbly begged the Noble
Earl's pardon for attributing to bi.e such an unconstitu-
tional line of conduct. perhaps he had already exceeded
the limits of art e:eilanation ; but he supposed, alter the
attack yr:lkb had been made upon him—(A laugh from
the Ministerial benches, and irries of " Hear, hear," from
the Opposition)—afta the attack, he repeated, had been
made tit= him, he supposed that he should be allowed to
oiler a few more observations to their Lordships in his
vindication.

• Lard DOVER rose to order. Thz Noble Earl should
confine his observations to that which was immediately be-
fore the House, and he had no right to diverge from the
strict line of explanation into other and irrevelant topics.
The Lad of CARNARVON was satisfied that he was
perfectly in order, for he meant strictly to confine himself
to the subject before the House. He had a motion before
1.!7e House, and to that motion he attach.,l no trivial im-
portance. When he said he had been attacked by the
Noble Earl, he did coacef.ve that the statement of the
Noble Earl as to the temper which he (the Earl of Car-
p trvon)manifested in making that motion, and the warmth
of feeling which he then displayed-..,a warmth of feeling
v..hicli, when the Constitution was assailed, any man who
'oved that Constitution would not fail to evince—conetl-

PRINCE TALLEYRAND.—The habit, of
Prince TALLF.YRAND are of an extraordinary character,
considering the great age which he has reached. He
t, kes bat one meal daily, which is dinner, at which he
drinks about a pint of good wins, with three or four
tumblers of iced water. After dinner he usually goes to
his club, where he frequently remains till three o'clock in
the morning. His usual time of rising is between eleven
and twelve; his receptions commence at about one.
Notwithstanding his advanced age he enj,,ys the moat per,
feel health, and his mental faculties are as vigorous as
they were forty years ago. He is, in fact, as a diplomatist,
quite as effective as if the burden of years was not upon
him. His fortune is very large, being, it is said, upwards
of 30,0001, per annum, the greater pint of which he
spends in this country. The bulk of his fortune will, we
believe, be inherited by Mdlle. PAULINE, the daughter of
the Duchess DE DINo. This little girl is a great favourite,
with the Prince, and promises to become a very fine
woman. Prince TALIrETP.AND is exceedingly hospitable,
keeps an excellent table, and allows his house to be the
rendezvous. of ail 'Frenchmen distinguished by-intellect anti
character. His suite is very numerous, and he has several
secretaries, who have been selected from different buresux
in which they had made themselves remarkable by their
zeal and diligence. In moat embassies the secretaries are
the proteges of the Court and Ministry, and are rhoseta
without riagarci to talent; but TALLEYRAND would rot
accept sgch persons, and his embassy is, therefore, from
himself downwards, the most effective in this country. A
report has prevailed lately in the fashionable circles that
Prince TALLIYAAND was about to pub.ish his memoirs,.
This report is utterly without foundation. His Excel-
lency, indeed, has prepared his memoirs for publication
after death, bat he has not the remotest idea of allowing
any part of them to be published during his lifetime.
Court Journal. •

Paris contains at this moment several hundred
Poles, and it is worthy of remark that nut one of them
has been attacked by the cholera. All of them were at
hoe when that scourge ravaged their country. May it
be concluded that they thus became accustomed to the mot--
hific miasmata, and that the epiJetny which desolates
has, in consequence, no effect on their bodily sytterns
This circumstance is not unworthy of serious examination,

CURIO Vs DISCO VERY.--Information has
reached Sydney of the existence of a young man named
MAreritzws, who was captured about three years ago, by
the natives of an island called the 'Valenta, near the New
Hebrides, in the South Sass. It may be recollected Coat
about the time mentioned, the Alfred, whaler, wns oft
that island fishing i sad, in a dispute between the natives
and the crew, the Captain and several hands were mur-
dered, and a mate (the person now discovered) was carried
01V 2. prisoner, and never since heard of. The manner in
which this unfortunate young man has at last made him-
self known was by cutting his name, the particulars of his
capture, and his present situation (which he represents as
miserable)„ on a piece of bamboo, and then giving it to
the natives to trade with. Not understanding the cha-
racters, and supposing the bamboo to be an original piece
of tattoo workmanship, they bartered it away amongst
other things to ono of our colonial whaling captains (Cap-
tain HARIVOLON of the Hashmy), who retains it in his
possession. We are informed that a humane attempt will
be r-..Aado to purchase this unhappy fellow from the savages.
Since the above was written, the schooner New Zealander
has arrived in Sydney, from INlalanta, and other places,
ant brings up more particulars of the fate of Marrerxws.
Captain Hanugs Las in his possession a letter, and a carved
cocoa-nu:A Wltieh were brought on board ale New Zea-
lander Fay a native, front their prisoner, t'aie iii.rject of this
,ebaelt)tkaerirnt
iadc
ultool
anrtgshiielfl
nnaseastssixyf
eedcawy any
ul lie ihnree
receive,?.
no\divis .rtil
ti
narrative. The following is a literal copy of the letter;—
I
p
of
atives
ae
tol:l:raiSellivßthe'
other side of the isht;e.i. They say our slip killed three men.
They keep me elLae, and will not let me come near the ship.
Make Mtn a present of something ahowy ;—his name is Bokiwwa,
If yq.:, will send me a shirt itu4 a pair of trousers, I will be mud
obliged to you ;I am ins state of nature. A ship may get a
good supply on this island,, by making friend... with them. Give
the men sonlethiAg to eat, as it is great friendship with them.
Write to ,•ac the particulars what chips are cruising oft' this
island. I ',lye on the north side of the island. Be careful of the
nastves—nthey are forming a plso to take a ship. Do not come
on shore without fire arms. 'They are cannibals. It I can once
get a note from you, I can form a plan to get away.—l am your
humble servant, " JOHN MAITHEWS."
Tug.. HARBOUR OF NEW YOE.X.-1. have
11. war seen the hay of Naples, I can therefore snake
no cotnparison, but my imagination is incape.`ale of con-
ceiving any thing of the kind tunic beautiful than the
ir.irbour of New York. Various and lovely ire the ob-
jects which meet the sye on every side, but the na:niog
il,ent would only be to give a list of words, without con.
veying the faintest idea of the scene. I doubt if ever the
pencil of TURNER could do it justice, bright and glorious
s. it rose upon us. We seemed to enter the harbour. of
New York upon waves of liquid gold, and as we darted
ir set the green isles which rise from its bosom, like guar-
dian sentinels of the fair city, the setting sun stretched
`cis horizontal beams farther and farther at each moment,
if to point out to us some new glory in the landscape.
New York, indeed, appeared to us, even when we saw it
`iy a sober light, a lovely and a noble city. To us, velr•
,i,d been so long travelling through half-cleared forests,
,rd sojourning among an " I'm-as-good-as-you" popu
: aim], it seemed, perhaps, more beautiful, more splendid,
.
ni more refined than it might have dune, had we arrived
here directly from London ; but, making every av
-
nee fur this, I must still declare that New lurk
I think
to of the finest cities I ever saw, and as much superior to
eery other in the Union (Philadelphia not excepted) as
1,,,nd0n to Liverpool, or Paris to Ronal. Its advantage.,
I position are, perhaps, unequalled airy who.e. situated
r an island, which I think it will one day cover, it rises,
ce Venice, from the sea, and like that fairest of cities, in
, days of her glory, receives into it. lap tribute of all
riches of the eartb. Tru3,,pt's. Dons, Ifii•
fanners of the "Imericane.

v
-y ~
