as it was whispered in Paris on Wednesday, that
among the papers about to be laid on the table of the
Chamber of Peers, were certain documents connect-
ing his name in some mysterious and dangerous
way with the insurrection. It did not surely enter
into the head of that diplomatic noodle, MONTE-.
BELLO, during his ad interim administration of
Foreign Affairs, to trump up some new edition of
the Swiss plot as a pretext for demanding the ex-
pulsion of the Prince from this country ?
MONTEBELLO is capable of a thousand absur-
dities, but we can scarcely believe that even he
could entertain one so monstrous as this. We
subjoin the Prince's letter, with a translation :

" 17, Carlton House Terrace, Mai 17.
" MONSIEUR--ie vois avec peine par votre correspon-
dence de Paris, qu'on veut jeter sur moi la responsabilite
de la derriere insurrection. Je compte sur votre obli-
gear-ice pour refuter cette insinuation de la maniere la plus
turmeric. La nouvelle des scenes sanglantes qui ont eu
lieu, m'a autant slit-pHs qu'afflige. Si j'etais lame d'un
con-iplot j'en scrais aussi le chef le jour du danger, et je ne
Le nierais pas apres une defaite.
" Recevez l'assurance de mes sentimens distingues,
" NAPOLEON LOUIS BONAPARTE."
(TRANSLATION.)
" SIR—It grieves me to perceive from your Paris cor-
respondence, that a wish exists to throw upon me the re-
sponsibility of the late insurrection. I rely upon your
kindness to refute this insinuation in the most positive man-
ner. The news of the sanguinary scenes which have taken
place, have surprised as much as they have afflicted me.
If I were the soul of a conspiracy, I should be the leader
on the day of danger, and would sot deny it in case of a
defeat."

The proceedings which have taken place within
these few weeks at the Marylebone police office,
and the attacks made by some of the Newspapers
against a most useful and benevolent association—
the " Children's Friend Society," connot fail to be
productive of the worst consequences. 'We had paid
some attention to the statements made before the Ma-
gistrate, as well as the character of the parties ; and
were fully convinced that these statements were either
unfounded or grossly exaggerated. The result of
the meeting on Thursday at the London Tavern, to
the fullest extent strengthens this conviction. It was
publicly announced that the meeting would be held
on that day, and those who impugned the conduct
of the Society, as well as the Society itself, called
npon the accusers to come forward, and substan-
tiate their charges. We leave the public to judge
from the Report how they have been substantiated.
Lord GROSVENOR, the Earl of ELDON, Messrs.
YATES, TALLY KNIGHT, W. WILBRAIIAM,
and several other Members of Parliament bore the
highest testimony, not only to the humane and
charitable intention, but to the general good ma-
nagement and to the beneficial results of the Society's
labours. Colonel MITCHELL, late Surveyor-Ge-
neral of the Cape Colony, who could have no interest
one way or another, and who had full opportunity
of judging, said he found the children generally
comfortable and contented, and their Dutch mas-

ters were the most kind and truly Christian men
he had ever met with. Mr. J. LABOUCLIZRE
and others bore similar testimony ; and, on the other
side, appeared Captain ACKERLEY, who asserted,
but could give no proof, that the children had been
sold, and insinuated that Mr. PEEL had become a
subscriber, because he held 20,000 acres of land

in the colony, and wanted to purchase some of the
children ! There was a lad of the name of PAL-
MER, too—one of the " poor unfortunate boys,"
who had been " kidnapped," and sold into
slavery, who described the horrible treatment he
received from the Dutch boors ; but it turned out
that his conduct at Hackney-wick was notoriously
bad, and that after the Society had paid twelve
guineas for his passage to the Cape, he ran away
with another boy, and came home as a volunteer
sailor. And who are the distressed fathers and
mothers that complain so bitterly of separation from
their poor children, and of riot having received even
one letter from them for years ? Those who de-
serted those very children, left them to wander
about the streets naked and hungry, and ready to
become the prey of practised thieves, and ul-
timately the inmates of gaols ? And who
was the person that was the prime agent
in forming this Benevolent Society ? Captain
BRENTON (of whose conduct Captain ACKERLEY
expressed his high admiration), who since 1830
had devoted the greater portion of his time to the
laudable object of rescuing these unfortunate
vagrants from destitution and crime, and for this
was loaded by these ungrateful and unfeeling
parents with abuse ; denounced by a public Journal
as the agent of " eminent kidnappers," and finally
sunk under this load of ingratitude, which, in the
words of Lord GROSVENOR, " weighed heavily
upon his feelings only a few days before his death."
It may be truly said the ways of Providence are
mysterious, when a man of such benevolence, and
engaged in such a holy cause, was suffered to fall a
sacrifice to the most malignant and unfounded
charges. About 500 persons attended the meet
. . _

W
ng, and the general and decided feeling was, that
,he grossest fabrications had been put forth against
,he Society. Will such conduct encourage the
'ormation of similar charitable institutions ?

The rage of the Tories knows no bounds since
their sate disaster. The more they think of their
present position and future prospects, the more
violent and reckless do they become in denouncing
and calumniating every one whom they suppose to
have been any way instrumental in their overthrow.
The throne itself is not safe from their attacks.
The sacred person of the youthful Majesty of
England is made the subject of ribald jesting by one
acknowledged organ of the discomfited faction,
while another imputes to his noble-minded and
warm-hearted Sovereign the crime of preferring
the gratification of a selfish disposition to the wel-
fare of the realm I Let the Morning Post and its
worthy coadjutors rest assured that they are doing
the Tory cause no good by pursuing such a course.
They have hitherto arrogated to that party an ex-
clusive loyalty ;it is now evident, disgustingly evident,
to the country that it is t o Toryism,not to the Throne,
that they have sworn fealty, and that they can be
as foul-mouthed against the Monarch who repulses
their arbitrary dictation, as they habitually are
towards their fellow-subjects, who reject their
villanous principles.
It is but a lame excuse for this indecency of
language towards the QUEEN, to say that those who
hold it are under violent excitement. We grant
that point at once. Nay, we will go so far as to
admit that never since the Tories were a party have
they had so much cause for despair as they have
at the present moment. They have been ever since
the accession of her MAJESTY boasting that, how-
ever, from peculiar circumstances, appearances
might seem to favour the belief that the
QUEEN was unfavourable to their principles, yet in
her heart she was sincerely attached to them, and
would take the first proper opportunity that offered
itself, to remove all doubt on the subject. That
opportunity has arrived, and her MAJESTY has
settled the point now and for ever. Toryism has
not only found no congenial soil in the Royal bosom,
but there it is repudiated—proscribed—cast out with
dishonour. There is no hope, no chance, for it in
future. The conduct of its professors has now
exhibited it in such odious and revolting colours,
that the doors of the Palace must, as a Matter of
course, be barred against its entrance while Vic-
TORIA sits upon the throne of England.
Now, hard as this lot must be—harder it can
scarcely be to a faction—still it forms no justifica-
tion for the unmanly, disloyal, and scurrilous at-
tacks which the organs of the baffled Premier-in-
expectancy are daily making upon her MAJESTY.
Good policy, good sense, and good breeding
equally require that nothing but the most respectful
deportment should have been observed by the
ultra-loyal party towards their Sovereign, let their
own plight be ever so deplorable.

The Marylebone R eform Association had a
meeting yesterday, at which an able and highly
satisfactory Report of the proceedings of the Ma-
naging Committee was read. The Committee ap-
pear to have been indefatigable in their ex-
ertions to prepare the way for ousting Lord
TEIGNMOUTH from the misrepresentation of the
borough, and giving their respected Member, Sir
BENJAMIN HALL, a colleague worthy of him.
We sincerely hope that before the next election
takes place—and it cannot be far off—those unfor-
tunate disputes among the Reformers of Mary-le-
bone, which have proved so disastrous to the Libe-
ral cause, will be settled ; and that some Candidate
may be fixed upon who shall unite the suffrages
of all.

The news from France is more satisfactory than poli-
tically important. According to the Moniteur of Thurs-
day, " the most perfect tranquillity has not ceased to
reign throughout France." Nevertheless, numerous
