PRIESTS.

Peter Carey, M. A. Trinity College, Cambridge.
James Garnett Headlam M.A. Brazenose College, Oxon.
William Leslie, M. A. Lincoln College, Oxon.
Henry Winter Sheppard, M. A. Trinity College, Cambridge.
Hon. George Gustavus Chetwynd Talbot, M.A. Christ
Church, Oxon.
Robert Waller, B.A. Brasenose College, Oxon.
Arthur Whiptram, B.A. Trinity College, Oxon ; by letters
dimissory from the Bishop of Exeter.
On Tuesday last the Hon. and Rev. George Gustavus
Chetwynd Talbot, M. was instituted to the rectory of

Withington, in the county and diocese of Gloucester, vacant
by the resignation of the Rev. Thomas L. Lane. Patron,
the Lord Bishop of Worcester.
At an ordination lately held by the Bishop of Winchester,
the following gentlemen of this University were admitted to
holy orders :
DEACONS.—Richard Sale, 8.A., and Charles T. Quirk,
B. A., St. John's College ; William Greenslade, 8.A., Tri-
nity College.
PRIESTS.—Charles Harwood Poore, 8.A., King's Queen's
College ; Edmund Durnford, B. A., King's College; Richard
Foster Carter, B. A., and Thomas Clarke, 8.A., St. John's
College ; Henry Thomas Day, S. C.L., Clare Hall.

Winter is the season for coquetry for children ;
nothing is more attractive than the sight of their round rosy
faces, set off by black velvet ; their flexile figures so gracefully
defined by the belt round the waist. Fashion is constantly
employed with the care of this little world, which never
bestows a thought on her, and this year her exertions
have produced a result far more graceful and varied than
ever.—French Paper.
A BULL IN THE HALL OF THE FOUR COURTS.
—On Thursday, about 1 o'clock, a bull, on his way from
Smithfield, turned into the entrance of the Four Ceurts, unties
the grand portico, and immediately put to flight the crowd of
litigants who were at the time actively engaged 'in what is
technically termed " hall practice." Some a the fugitives
escaped into the Court of Exchequer, others ran for pro-
tection to the Rolls, the Court of Chancery being shut up
since the abdication of Lord ?'lunkett. The abrupt visiter,
however, seemed to have no other object in liew than "nerdy,
like other illustrious 'strangers, to satisfy a laudable curiosity,
and, having traversed the scene for a few minutes, he was
suddeul,: loeset by his attendants, who unceremoniously ejected
I);."..lthrough the porch by which he entered. The affrighted
lawyers shortly re-appeared, and the old jokers were exceed-
ingly humorous at the expense of the bull. Some said that he
came to canvass the hall on the Gory interest, while others
mistook him for the new Chancellor, as of the Bull family,
who is to hare the Irish Seals.—Dublin Pilot.

GREEK LADIES.—The pleasantest way of spend-
ing the evenings in this terrible month is, after a day of fever
and weariness inexpressible to lie down on the sofa with a vol-
ume of Boron in one's hand and a glass of ice within reach ;
yet we do sometimes, in defiance of the innumerable armies of
fleas quartered on the esplanade, take a stroll round it, and
then we should see a sight we never see in England, for, be.-
tween the hours of nine and ten, most of the people come out
of their hot crowded houses in the town ; and if we venture a
little way down the Strada Reale, we see them seated, in
happy little family groups, around tables under the piazzas :
the women laughing, chatting, and drinking lemonade ; the
men smoking cigars, or singing to the guitar. The Greek
ladies have no idea of finery—they do not dream of its being
vulgar to sit out of doors in company with their husbands and
fathers, happily for them ; so they sit, in their happy igno-
rance, the first Signoras of the place, enjoying themselves
right rationally, while the English ladies parade slowly up
and down, longing to rest themselves for a few minutes, not
yet daring to do so, lest they should offend the tyrant custom.
—Sketches of Corfu.

CHRISTMAS DAY.—According to a good old
custom, handed down from time immemorial through our an-
cestors, the unfortunate inmates of the various criminal and
debtor prisons under the management of the City of London,
and of several other of the prisons around the metropolis were
enabled yesterday, in a limited degree, to partake of the festi-
vities of this joyous season. At Nevate, the Borough Clink,
and Giltspur-street Compter, the prisoners received the usual
donation from the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of an abundance
of roast, or rather baked, beef, with a quart of strong beer
each. The debtors in the Fleet and Whitecross-street prisons
received similar allowances, to which were added the produce
of various bequests left at different times and expressly directed
to be laid out in the purchase of beef for the Christmas supply
of the prisoners, and several donations from different corporate
and private quarters, which reached the prisons in the course
of Wednesday; so that from these combined sources each pri-
soner received 31bs. of excellent beef. The distribution took
place on Christmas Eve, and was lotted out by the stewards of
the Wards into messes for two or three each, and the priority
of choice was then determined by ballot. The bequests for
those prisoners who had the qualified good fortune to be entitled.
as freemen of London to occupy the select quarter of the Tied
11..kate Wards' and Whitecross-street generally known as the Lu
were considerably more in provisions, wit
,t, likewise a sum of
money. The same sources furntided all the debtors with
a good supply of ale 0.7.',1 porter, not only for Christmas
Day, but also
171ficient to enable them merrily to welcome its
ev‘'. At the Marshalsca prison roast beef and beer was al-
lowed, according to usage, by the Lord Steward of the House-
hold. In the New Prison, Clerkenwell, the prisoners are
allowed to provide themselves ; but those whose poverty de-
barred them from so doing received on alloWance of beef, but
no beer. In the County House of Correction, however,
Christmas Day was to its unhappy inmates only a common
Thursday, with the exception that the work at the treadwhecl
was suspended, and they were required to attend divine ser-
vice in the prison chapel. The prison regulations do not per-
mit:the introduction of provisions, liquors, or tobacco under
any circumstances, all the prisoners, without distinction, being
strictly confined to the prison regimen.

Amongst the company present we noticed J. B. S. Mqrritt,
Esq., the Hon. W. Duncombe, Hon. Arthur Duncombe, the
Hon. Augustus Duncombe, the Honourable Octavius Dun-
combe, Sir William Foulis, Sir Thomas Legard, Sir Tat-
ton Sykes, Major Bower, C. Tancred, Esq., Thomas
Price, Esq., George Lloyd, Esq. (Cowsby), G. Lloyd,
Esq. ( Acomb), Colonel Cholmley, NV. Foulis, Esq., J. H.
Lowther, Esq., Thomas Barstow, Esq., 13. rlounders, Esq.,
Colonel Mitchelson, John Swami, Esq., Captain Croft, Capt.
Hewgill, G. Hudson, Esq., R. Hill, Esq. (Thornton), R.
Hill, Esq., jun., R. Bower, Esq. ; T. Fishburn, Esq., Thos.
Clark, Esq., J. Hunter, Esq., J. Walker, Esq., J. Chapman,
Esq., H. Barrick, Esq., Robert Barry, Esq., and J. Yeoman,
Esq., of Whitby ; the Rev. Archdeacon Headlam, the Rev.
Dr. Scott, the Rev. D. R. Currer, the Rev. R. Sutton, the
Rev. T. Comber, the Rev. Wm. Dent, the Rev. Wm. Buhner,
J. Wolstonholme, Esq., the Rev. J. Uverton, Wm. Prest, Esq,
( Scarthingwell),Wm. Prest, Esq. (Dunnington), John Prest,
Esq., T. Dowker, Esq., Rev. J. Swire, S. Key, Esq., Dr.
Wake, Rev. Dr. Drake (Langton), the Rev. M. H. Miller, T.
Hutton, Esq., the Rev. T. 11. Morley, the Rev. G. Dixon, the
Rev. E. Gray, George Dodsworth, Esq., IL Cattle, Esq., H.
Graham, Esq., P. Wilke, Esq., W. Richardson, Esq., J. Roper,
Esq., E. Roper, Esq., W. Whytehead, Esq., J. Buckle, Esq.,
J. R. Fryer, Esq., J. Walker, Esq., J, Woodall, Esq., J. Wood-
all, jun., Esq., James Russell, Esn., James Richardson, Esq.,
R. Fetch, jun., Esq., T. Leasley, Esq., Marshall, Esq.,
G. Overton, Esq., Rev. T. Reade, Rev. G. R. Reade, D.
Russell, jun., Esq., Jnian Ord, Esq., Lieut. Neale, &c.
J. B. S. Morritt, Esq., was the Chairman ; Jobe Wol-
stenholme, Esq., Vice-Chairman at the centre table ; the
Rev. R. Sutton was Vice-Chairman at the table to the
left of the Chairman, and Wm. Gray, jun., Esq., Vice-
Chairman at the table to the right of that gentleman,
The following gentlemen officiated as stewards ;----Thos.
Price, Esq., Hewley Graham, and Wm, Gray, jun.,
Esq.
After the cloth was drawn, " NCO Nohis" was sung by
the vocal performers. " The KinA4 was then drunk with
three times three, and " God save the King" was sung by
the glee singers, chorossed by the company. At the
words, " Confound their politics," and " Frustrate their
knavish tricks," the applause of the company was loud an
marked. " The Queen" was received with three distinct
rounds of applause. Glee—" The King loves the Queen,"
which was followed by loud applause. " The Princess
Victoria and the rest of the Royal Family." Air, by the
band—" Hail, Star of Brunswick."
The CHAIRMAN then gave, in a most enthusiastic man-
ner—" Church and State."
The toast was received with an enthusiasm which must
have been witnessed to be described.
Archdeacon HEADLAM in a very eloquent and impres-
sive speech, returned thanks for the manner in which this
toast had been received ; expressing his opinion that an
Established Church and an endowed Clergy were necessary
to the perpetuity of our Constitution, and of civil liberty.
Their adversaries knew this ; and hence their endeavours
to establish the madness of Democracy, always commenced
with attacks on the Church, and an attempt to separate the
Church and State.—(Loud cheers.)
Glee—" The King and the Church."
The CJ-AIRMAN said—l wish to propose the health of
a gentleman in whose honour we are assembled this day ;
(Cheers)—andi you must allow me to preface it with a few
observations. Gentlemen, I look upon my Honourable
Friend as the representative of those principles which have
always formed our rallying point, and with which we are in-
dissolubly connected ; those principles have never been lost
sight of by Englishmen, except in those periods of national
delusion which have always been the precursors of national
anarchy.—( Hear.) They are now known as Tory princi-
ples, and we will take them as such ; although at the period
of the revolution they were known as Whig principles.—
(Cheera.) Times are now changed. We are now Tories ;
but whatever title may be ours, we trust to obtain such ap-
probation as our firir:ness, our consistency, and our speak-
ing out deserves. But what arc the principles involved in
that title ? 'We venerate and love the Constitution of our
ancestors.—(Hear.) Not a Constitution which is intended
to give security to the few, but one which extends advan-
tages to the many, and gives protection to all.—(Hear.)
'We love the King ;—(Hear.)—and never had we more
cause to love him than at the !present moment.—(Hear.)
Never had we more reason to venerate him than when he
gave his support to that Constitution of which our well-re-
gulated hierarchy is the keystone.—(Hear.) We honour
the Peerage, because we find in it the surest bulwark
against oppression, whether it arises from the inroads of
Monarchical despotism, or of the possessors of a spurious
popularity.—(Hear.) We are attached to the Church, and
seek not to secularise religion, but to purify the Sate itself by
the correct discharge of those duties which, as Christians,
we are bound to perform.—(Cheers.) We venerate the
laws of the land, and always have done. even when, in some
instances, we may have thought them not the best adapted
to promote their. respective ends. But we are told, we do
not love the people, and that by men who have themselves
held fo...th to the people every species of promise, and who
have broken them all.---(Hear.) By these men the people
have been deceived, and persuaded that their best friends
are their worst enemies. A more preposterous assertion
has never been made, and I leave it to our actions to prove
the fact. Now, gentlemen, the present Government is, I
trust, guided by the principles which we profess ; and in
support of that Government I conclude we shall very
shortly have to give our support to the Hon. Gentleman
who has supported us. We have been triumphant in the
North Riding and the Ainsty ; and I believe the appeal
will not be made in vain.—( Cheers.) We will send our
friend back with better hopes and auspices—with the ex-
pectation of doing more good—and we trust that he will
there mingle with better company than he had done before.
—(Cheers.) I hope he will be returned as he has hitherto
been—always with the same respect which cannot be
greater—and with increased claims for our esteem.—
(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I give you " The Hon. W. Dun-
combo, three times three."
The cheering after this toast was continued for a consi-
derable period ; on its conclusion
Mr. DUNCOMBE rose, when the cheering was renewed.
He said—Mr. Chairman, Mr. Vice-Chairman, and Gentle-
men, I rise to offer to this large, influential, and loyal com-
pany, my most grateful and respectful thanks for the kind,
and flattering manner in which you have done me the
honour to receive my name.—(Cheers.) Although 14 ant
fully aware that this reception is mainly to be attributed to
my principles—(cheers)—to those political principles which
I have ever advocated and supported, humbly, but sincerely,
in Parliament ; nevertheless, I cannot but feel the distin-
guished remarks of my Honourable Friend this evening.
Permit me to express the highest gratitude for the
honour of this meeting on the present occasion, and for
having received at your hands the test of your approba-
tion of my public conduct, since the time you did me
the honour to intrust in my hands the important, the re-
sponsible, and, I may add, the difficult responsibility, of
protecting your interests in the Commons House of Par-
liament.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, on this occasion, when
we are met to commemorate the triumphant victory which
was achieved two years ago, I will not enter into a dis-
cussion of the various topics which have engaged our at-
tention—which hP.ve engaged the attention of the Legis-
lature. I will not allude to those diverting scenes in the
north and in the south, which have attracted our notice, and
raised some degree of astonishment, considering who were the
actors.—( Hear.) I will pursue a more convenient course, and
confine myself to the few questions, which, from the situation I
held, caused me to take part therein, and to feel no little
interest. Two Sessions of the Reformed Parliament have
passed away, and are you of opinion that it has satisfied the
people—(No, no)--that it has proved itself the vigilant
guardian of the public rightsw-(No, no)—the protector of
our glorious institutions-..(N0, no)—or the defender of
popular rights?—(No, no.) Although some might believe
that such was the ease, I cannot participate in these senti-
ments.—(Cheers.) Nor do I believe you ever would be
able to find a large body of men willing to subscribe to
to them.—(Lond cheers.) Undoubtedly one great mea-
sure has been carried, which reflects the highest honour.
I gave my most unqualified support to it.—(Cheers.) I
allude to the abolition of slavery.—(Cheers.) I trust that,
this measure will confer an advantage on the colonies, the
mother country, and the whole human race, and that. It
will be of the greatest benefit. knowing the feeling of the
country on the question, I am certain it could not have
been much longer delayed, had there been a disposition to
do so.—(Cheers.) There are also certain alterations in
the law of commerce, which I trust having been carried into
effect, will be beneficial in their result. I need not allude
to the other questions, those of a general registry of deeds,
registry of the baptisms and marriages a dissenters, the
commutation of tithes, and others, which were 'either re-
jected or proved abortive. But, Gentlemen, the agricol.
*.*
4144

tural interest has been left in a strte of unparalleled and
miserable distress. Great numbers of petitions were
forwarded from the most industrious and loyal of his
Majesty's subjects ; I read many of them, and whilst
they displayed a firm manly aspect, they were re-
spectful and temperate. These petitions wese passed by
unhceded.—(Shame, shame.) Their prayers were not
granted ; their grievances were not redresed. It so ap-
peared on one occasion that half the Malt Tax was re-
pealed. This decision lightened the hearts of the farmers ;
;hey thought the time was arrived when some measure of
elief was to be given them. But their hopes were blasted ;
'.,hat measure was opposed by the Finance Minister, who
issued his mandate that the reformed House of Commons
was to rescind its vote. They did it ; and the Malt Tax
still continues, with all its vexations, on the country.—
(Hear.) Another proposal was brought forward which
was expected to benefit the agricultural interest—l mean
the Poor Law Amendment Bill. I was desirous to give it
my cordial support ; but I found it my duty to vote against
the measure ; because I could not but believe it an infrac-
tion on the rights of the people—an attack on the most
bumble and destitute of the people.---(Cheers.) If we turn
our attention to the institutions of our country, which have
been already adverted to, and dealt with in a true English
manner by our worthy Chairman, we find an attempt made
to fix a tax upon the Established Church, which is infinitely
discreditable. Gentlemen, I readily repeat the declaration
I have beform made in public, that I am willing to give my
support to those measures which are calculated to effect a re-
formof real abuses in our ecclesiastical and civil establishments;
but I never will consent to hand them over to the tender
mercies of the avowed enemies of our institutions—who
profess a desire for reform and improvement, but whose
real object, aim, and principle—if principle they have, is
spoliatien and destruction.--(Loud cheers.) I much mis-
take if those institutions are not loved and cherished in the
affections and hearts of the people of this country ; and
they are willing to stand forward, and, in the words of his
most Grzicious Majesty, to speak out—(Deafening cheers)
—and to uze every effort for preserving inviolate their sa-
cred trust, wi,ch they may hand down to posterity as the
richest boon which can be conferred.—(Cheers.) What
course of policy will be pursued by those recently called by
his Majesty to the Goveroment, I will not stop to specu-
late about. We have receive:l a document from the high-
est authority—from the first Minister of the Crown—which
must be satisfactory to all persons—ai, least to all persons
who are attached to the welfare of their country—(Cheers)
—to all persons who have the institutions of their couniry
at heart.—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN gave the health of a man who had never
shrunk from any duties which his King and his country
demana.ed—" The King's late Prime Minister, the Duke
of Wellington." Three times three ; and—" One cheer
snore." Air, by the band—" See the conquering hero

comes."
The CHAIRMAN th,"n gave—" The health of Sir Robert
Peel, and his Majesty's present Ministers, who have so
nobly stepped forward and h,scued the country from the
dangers of the timid and vacillating policy of the late Ad-
mistration." Three times three, at:d—" One cheer more."
Glee—" Mr. Speaker, tho' tis late."
The CHAIRMAN gave—" The glorious majority of Con-
servative electors, who returned Mr. Duncombe in 1832."
The Hon. WM. DuticomsE proposed—" Mr. Morrit's
good health.' With three times three.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. MORRITT returned thanks.
The CHAIRMAN then gave " Mr. Lowther, and success
to his election."
Mr. LOWTHER was deeply sensible of the kindness with
which the toast had been received. He expressed himself
friendly to all real and efficient reforms, and sat down
amidst loud applause.
Glee—" Life's a bumper."
Mr. LOWTHER begged leave to give "the health of Mr.
Currer, and the Magistrates of the county and Ainsty of
of York.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. D. R. CURRER returned thanks in a very elo-
quent speech, in the course of which he alluded to the pro-
priety of returning two Blues of the North Riding at the
next election.—(This part of the speech was received with
the loudest applause ; as were those of it in which he ani-
madverted on the two pet Acts of the Whigs, the law for
the sale of game, and that for the amendment of the poor
laws. The inconsistencies cf both these laws, and the in-
justice of the latter, were ably exposed.) The Rev.
Speaker alluded to the improved aspect of the present
times ; and said, as a proof of a re-action, he could mention,
that in the borough of Clitheroe, which Mr. Fort, a radical,
now represented, three-fourths of the electors had waited
upon Mr. Ashton, a Conservative, whose creed was, that he
was an old-fashioned Tory, attached to his King, to the
throne, and to the altar, to request him to allow himself to
be put in nomination.—(Cheer -)
Mr. Sheriff CATTLE could net think of leaving that
room without asking who was to be Mr. Duncombe's col-
league?--(Enthusiastic cheering.) He implored them, if
they had any regard for the feelings of Mr. buncombe, and
for the honour of the North Riding, to return a colleague
more congenial to those feelings, and who would do more
honour to the constituency than the present colleague of
the Hon. Gentleman.—.(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN, in reply to the question of Mr. Cattle,
as to who was to be the colleague of Mr. Duncombe, had
to say that he really did not know, or he would cheerfully
tell the company.
Mr. CATTLE again rose, and said he had received no an-
swer to his question ; and he named a gentleman—Mr.
Walker, of Sandhutton—as a fit colleague for Mr. Dun-
combe.—(Great cheering ; after it had subsided, it was
again resumed ; and at the close, " three cheers for Mr.
Walker and the North Riding" were called for and given
with a heartiness and good-will which evinced the feelings
of the company.)
The CHAIRMAN then proposed Mr. Walker's health, and
it haring been duly honoured,
Mr, WALKER rose, and when the applause with which
he-was received had subsided, he said he scarcely knew
how to take the manner in which his name had been re-
ceived. He almost thought it was because it was connecteJ
with the representation of the North Riding.—(Cheers.)
He was taken quite unawares, and scarcely knew how to
make answer to the suggestion. He felt scarcely able to
undertake so great a charge.—(" Yes, yes.") There were
many other gentlemen in the Riding much more competent
to fulfil it.—(" No, no.") We were now on the eve of a
great crisis, and he thought the nation ought to give their
support to the men who, in the exercise of his just preroga-
tive, his Majesty had called to his councils—(Cheers)—
men, who, acting on Conservative principles, would keep up
a good understanding with foreign countries, and promote
the prosperity of the people at home.—( Hear.) In his opi-
nion every man should give his support to Ministers acting
on such principles, and he would give them all the aid in
his power.
(A requisition to Mr. Walker was immediately set on
foot in the room, which received a great many signatures.)
About one o'clock the party finally separate (Henry
Hewgill, Esq., having succeeded Mr. Price in the chair),
having first sung " God save the King."

" Waits " at Christmas are derived from those
choirs of angels that attended the birth of Christ. In imita-
tion of these, shepherds in ancient times used to usher in
Christmas with music and carols ; the pastorali or rural music
performed by the Calabrian shepherds on bagpipes, are of this
nature.

PIGEON-SHOOTING AT PARIS.—The great match
took place on Sunday in the fields between St. Omer and the
Barriere de Clichy, and almost all the English fashionables,
together with a great number of the Parisians, were present.
The long avenue was filled with fine equipages, and a very
elegant tent, in which was a fine fire and a magnificent piece
of roast beef, weighing at least 2001 b., with liqueurs, wines,
&c., was erected in the middle of the fields. The first match
was for 20,000 francs (8001.) between Lord Barry and Major
Welch. 100 pigeons were let out (50 for each) the Major
killed 27, and Lord Larry 26. The second match was for
1,000 francs (401.) beteK'en Lord Barry and Mr. Johnson ;
the former killed eight pigcons to Mr. Johnson's four. A
third match (also for 1,000 francs) took place betweeu Lord
Craven and Mr. Cobham, at 16 pigeons each ; Lord Craven
killed 10, and Mr. Cobham killed 9. Another match Iwas
also made between Lord Berry and Major Welch for 6,000
francs (2401.) to be decided on the same ground.
The following extraordinary example of somnambu-
lism is mentioned by Dr. Abercrombie as an established fact :
A girl, aged seven years, an orphan of the lowest rank, resid-
ing in the house of a farmer, by whom she was employed in
attending cattle, was accustomed to sleep in an apartment, se-
parated by a very thin partition from one which was frequently
occupied by an itinerant fiddler. This person was a musician
of very considerable skili, and often spent a part of the night
in performing pieces of a refined description, but his perform-
ance was not taken notice of by the child, except as a disa-
greeable noise. After a residence of six months in 6;2 family
she fell into bad health, and was removed to the house or
benevolent lady, where, on her recovery, the most beautiful
music was often heard in the house during the night, which
txcited no small interest and wonder in the family, and many
a waking hour was spent in endeavours to discover the invisi-
ble minstrel. At length the sound was traced to the sleeping
room of the girl, who was found fast asleep, but uttering from
her lips a sound exactly resembling the sweetest sound of a
small violin. On further observation it was found that, after
`- - being about two hours in bed, she became restless, and began
to mutter to herself. She then uttered sounds precisely re-
sembling the tuning of a violin, and, at length, after some pre-
, hide, dashed off into elaborate pieces of music, which she per-
formed in a clear and accurate manner, and with a sound
s-Per tly resembling the most delicate modulations of that in-
ant. During the performance she sometimes stopped,
e sound of re-tuning her instrument, and then began
.r".n 'here she had stopped in the most correct manner.
, . , =pins occurred at irregular intervals, varying from
so' , een, or even twenty nights, and they were gene-
ffognwed by a degree of fever and pain over various parts
• body.
11104 jiff

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 26, Ism.

DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT.

The KING will officially Di SOLVE the PARLI.h.•
MENT to-morrow at Brighton.

REFORMERS!
of England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland, BE AT
YOUR POSTS. Scout all Pretenders and Tory Im-
postors. Leave no County, City, or Borough un-
tried. The Tories are at their last gasp I

It would puzzle CRUIKSHANK himself to dis Cover
any object in nature more dismal than the looks of the
Tories since their inglorious defeat in the City of
London. Before that event took place, they fancied
themselves such able adepts in dissimulation, as to
have no difficulty in cajoling the people into a belief
that they had relinquished the a iniquity of their
former ways ;" and henceforward were resolved to de-
vote themselves solely to the promotion of liberal prin-
ciples, and the reforming of time-impaired institutions.
They got even the whole phraseology of the Radicals
by rote ; and very gravely parrotted every expression in
the Reform Vocabulary, capable of a double interpreta-
tion. Charmed with the " sounds themselves had
made," and believing that they could pass themselves
off for the " real Simon Pure," they betook themselves
to all parts of the country with Reform on their lips,
and corruption in their hearts, hypocritically whining
about " altered circumstances," and " measures not
men," with other jargon of the same sort. Fortunately
for the country, the people were on their guard, so
that when the Tories imagined they had achieved the
great object of their ambition, they discovered that
they. had been the dupes of their own artifice ; and that
what was mistaken for the popular voice, was, in fact,
neither more nor less than the shout of a disguised
Conservative. They imitated the Reformers so well
z:iat they mistook each other for the adherents of tha
but unfortunately for themselves, they
great bocii;
dame conviction on the public.
failed in imposing tris
The disappointment of the Tori.z.; notwithstanding
their seeming adoption of liberal principles, ren;inds us
of the admirable story of the two Aldermen in search
of the ass, so humorously told by CERVANTES.
Never was there a finer representation of the present
proceedings of the Tories than the following laughable
tale. One would suppose it had been written for
the occasion :

" In a town four leagues and a half from this city,
it happened that an Alderman, through the artful
contrivance (too long to be told) of a wench, his maid-

servant, lost his ass ; and though the said Alderman
used all imaginable diligence to find him, it was not
possible. Fifteen days were passed, as public fame
says, since the ass was missing, when the losing Al-
derman, being in the market-place, another Alderman
of the same town said to him—pay me for my good
news, gossip, for your ass has appeared. Most willing-
ly, neighbour, answered the other ; but let us know
where he has been seen. In the mountain, answered
the finder ; I saw him this morning, without a pannel,
or any kind of furniture about him, and so lank that
it would grieve one to see him ; I would fain have
driven him before me, and brought him to you, but he
has already become so wild, and so shy, that, when I
went near him, away he galloped, and ran into the
most hidden part of the mountain. If you have a
mind, we shall both go to seek him. You will
do me a great pleasure, quoth he of the ass, and
I will endeavour to pay you in the same coin.
In short, the two Aldermen, hand in hand, went to
the mountain ; and coming to the very place where
they thought to find the ass, they found him not, nor
was he to be seen anywhere thereabout, though they
searched diligently after him. Perceiving that he was
not to be found, quoth the Alderman that had seen
him to the other, Hark you, gossip, a device has
come into my head, whereby we shall assuredly disco-
ver this animal, though he were crept into the bowels
of the earth, not to say the mountain, and it is this :
I can bray marvellously well ; if you can do so never
so little, conclude the business done.' Never so
little, say you, neighbour ?' quoth the other. Be.
fore Jove, I yield the precedence to none, no, not to
asses themselves.' We shall see that immediately,'
answered the second Alderman ; for I propose that
you shall go on one side of the mountain, and
I on the other, and so we shall traverse and en-
compass it quite mound ; and every now and then
you shall bray, and so will I ; and the ass will
most certainly hear and answer us if he be in
the mountain.' To which the master of the ass
answered, Verily, neighbour, the device is excellent,
and worthy your great ingenuity. So, parting accord-
ing to agreement, it fell out that they both brayed at
the same instant ; and each of them, deceived by the
braying of the other, ran to seek the other, thinking
the ass had appeared ; and at the sight of. each other,
•
the loser said, Is it possible, gossip, that it was not
my ass that brayed ?'—' No, it was I,' answered the
other. I tell you, then,' answered the owner, ' that
there is no manner of difference, as to the braying
part, between you and an ass ; for in my life, I never
saw or heard anything more natural.' These praises
and compliments,' answered the author of the strata-
gem, belong rather to you than to me, gossip ; for by
Jove, you can give the odds of two brays to the greatest
brayer in the world; for the tone is deep, the sustaining
of the voice according to time and measure, and the
cadence frequent and quick ; in short, I yield up the
standard of this rare ability.'—' I say,' answered the
owner, that I shall value and esteem myself the
more henceforward, and shall think I know something,
since I have some excellence.'

" This said, they separated again, and fell anew to
their braying ; and at every turn they deceived each
other, and met again till they agreed, as a countersign to
distinguished their own brayings from that of the ass,
that they should bray twice together, one immediately
after the other. Thus doubling their brayings, they
made the tour of the mountains ; but no answer from
the stray ass, no, not by signs ; indeed, how could
the poor creature answer, which they found in the
thickest of the wood dead and half rotten ? At sight
whereof the owner said, I wondered indeed he did not
answer ; for had he not been dead he would have
brayed at hearing us, or he were no ass : nevertheless,
gossip, I esteem the pains I have been at in seeking
him to be well bestowed, though I have found him
dead, since I have heard you bray with such a grace.'
" Hereupon they returned home, disconsolate and
hoarse, and recounted to their friends, neighbours,
and acquaintances, all that had happened in the
search after the ass ; each of them exaggerating the
other's excellence in braying. The story spread all
over the adjacent villages ; and the Devil, who sleeps
not, as he loves to sow and promote squabbles and
discords wherever he can raise a bustle in the wind—"

But why go on with the story, and expose the
malignity of the enemy of mankind ? He of course
gave currency to the great abilities.,of the Aldermen ;
maliciously whispering that WELLINGTON, deceived
by the noise of the PEEL manifesto, thought the
whole country was up to support the Conservatives ;
and PEEL overpowered with the brilliancy of a Lord
Mayor's " show," imagined the metropolis had swal-
lowed the bait prepared by the wily Premier. Great
then is the disappointment and dismay of the Tory
chiefs, when they find that the Reformers, instead of
their being their dupes, only laughed- at them ; and
that although they have so far succeeded in
gulling
each other, the country has always been perfectly
aware of their designs. Like the meeting of the Al-
dermen, the Tories now ask one another, " and was
it indeed you that made all that splutter in the Metro-
polis ? Why I protest I thought half the citizens of
London were at your heels." " And I " answers the
other, equally astonished, " was quite confident that
all Bristol must have been formed into a Church and
King Association, on hearing the Conservative shout
which hailed my accession to office. But why did
you not tell me before that it was not
.swelled by the
voice of the people ?" " Bless me, how unreason-
able you are I Did you not instruct: me to
imitate the people, in order that they might be de-
ceived into a junction with us ? And, truly, had they
only your discernment, I should have succeeded. But
they know us too well, and so we are only the dupes
of each other." This, in point of fact, is no exaggera-
tion of the Tory disappointment. They have done
their best to deceive the people ; they have failed ; and
all that now remains for them, is to congratulate each
other on their consummate skill in hypocrisy.

When once we forsake the path of virtue, into how
many and grievous errors are we betrayed. A certain
portion of the public press, that in its pride of power
thought the abandonment of principle a very venial
offence, and easily to be written out of recollection,
now to its cost finds that, as usual, one guilty act re-
quires to be bolstered up by another ; the hunted cul-
prit soon loses his presence of mind, and, by the
words of his mouth, does he oftentimes stand con-
(lemma

The cuckoo-cry of " measures, not men," has for
some weeks past rung in our ears R by little and little
we shall, byraud,by, gather what more it precisely
means than was first suspected. In the columns of
our great Contemporary, the following question, with
much simplicity, slipped out yesterday morning :
" Is it imaginable that the Duke of WELLINGTON

14.7.:• , - -.....
-Aft • :,',‘.. ..... • : _ /
.k. ,
---.. ~', . . . , 1:114. "
...p.:.,
'•l*--', ihiy_o,,,'lr - •,'
-,...1N ~, _,&!.. , ' . ,411rA, • ~.
.stug
... 4 ..0. , 4 i.. u-
l':,: 1..4% '''.: ~,i'r:',4, ..4:4'..,..' 9• - . .111,11:, '.". ':4-4: '
~

eta
