UNITED STATES.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 2.—" Who can tell what a day will
bring forth?" But a very, very short time since, and every
thing in the United States appeared to travel on in the even
tenour of its way towards returning prosperity—with the
single exception of the Indian war in Florida. The com-
merce of the republic was rapidly recovering from the disas-
trous and desolating effects of the late panic and suspension
of specie payments, foreign exchanges had fallen in our favour
from twenty-two down to ten, and the rich influx in the cotton,
rice, and tobacco crops to all the southern ports on the sea-
board promised, by their speedy export and gradually advanc-
ing prices, to restore our mercantile affairs, at least, to a
healthy condition, without the woes of plethora. And, I trust
in Heaven, that such may yet be the case.
But with even the most sanguine hopes for the best, there
is no closing one's eyes to the fact, that at this moment of my
writing, circumstances have arisen, that but a short time since,
were scarcely dreamt of, which are calculated materially to
Liter and darken the national prospects, both internally and
externally. On any and all of these subjects the public mind
is changed from calm and tranquillity into agitation and party
excitement.

The more prominent of the circumstances are—the conduct
of the southern members in the Congress, that at one tirxe
seemed to threaten even the integrity of the Union—the ex-
citement of slavery and the slave question—a threatened war
with Mexico—and a civil war in Canada, in which many citi-
zens on the northern frontier are endangering national honour
and neutrality by taking part. In such a state of affairs, I
again ask " Who can tell what a day will bring forth ?"
Hardly had the breach been healed between the northern
and southern members in Congress, as fully described in my
last, by a sacrifice of the right of petition, than the following
were introduced in the senate, by Mr. Calhoun. They are so
important that I insert them at length :
MR. CALHOUN'S SLAVE RESOLUTIONS.

" Resolved—. That in the adoption of the federal constitu-
tion, the states adopting the same acted, severally, as free,
independent, and sovereign states ; and that each for itself,
by its own voluntary assent, entered the Union with the- view
to its increased security against all dangers, domestic as well
as foreign, and the more perfect and secure enjoyment of its
advantages, natural, political, and social.
" Resolved, That in delegating a portion of their powers to
be exercised by the Federal Government, the States retained,
severally, the exclusive and sole right over their own domestic
institutions and police, and are alone responsible for them ;
and that any intermeddling of any one or moro States, or a
combination of their citizens, with the domestic institutions
and police of the others, on any ground, or under any pretext
whatever, political, moral, or religious, with the view to their
alteration or subversion, is an assumption of superiority not
warranted by the Constitution, insulting to the States inter-
fered with, tending to endanger their domestic peace and tran-
quillity, subversive of the objects for which the Constitution
was formed, and, by necessary consequence, tending to weaken
and destroy the Union itself.
" Resolved, That this Government was instituted and
adopted by the several States of this Union as a common
agent, in order to carry into effect the powers which they had
delegated by the Constitution for their mutual security and
prosperity ; and that, in fulfilment of this high and sacred
trust, this Government is bound so to exercise its powers as to
give, as far as may be practicable, increased stability and secu-
rity to the domestic institutions of the States that compose
the Union ; and that it is the solemn duty of the Government
to resist all attempts by one portion of the Union to ase it as
an instrument to attack the domestic institutions of another, or
to weaken or destroy such institutions, instead of strengthen-
ing and upholding them, as it is in duty bound to do.
" Resolved, That domestic slavery,, as it exists in the south-
ern and western states of this Union, composes an important
part of their domestic institutions, inherited from their ances-
tors, and existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which
it is recognised as constituting an essential element in the
distribution of its powers among the States ; and that no
change of opinion or feeling on the part of the other States of
the Union in relation to it can justify them or their citizens in
open and systematic attacks thereon, with the view to its over-
throw ; and that all such attacks are in manifest violation of
the mutual and solemn pledge to protect and defend each
other, given by the States respectively, on entering into the
constitutional compact which formed the Union, and as such is
a manifest breach of faith, and a violation of the most solemn
obligations, moral and religious.
" Resolved, That the intermeddling of any State or States,
or their citizens, to abolish slavery in this district, or any of
the territories, on the ground or under the pretext that it is
immoral or sinful, or the passage of any act or measure of Con-
gress with that view, would be a direct and dangerous attack
on the institution of all slaveholding States.
" Resolved—That the union of these States rests on an
equality of rights and advantages among its members ; and
that whatever destroys that equality tends to destroy the
union itself ; and that it is the solemn duty of all, and more
especially of this body, which represents the States in their
corporate capacity, to resist all attempts to discriminate be-
tween the States in extending the benefits of the Government
to the several portions of the Union ; and that to refuse
to exteed to the Southern and Western States any ad-
vantage which would tend to strengthen or render them
more secure, or increase their limits or population by
the annexation of new territories or States, on the assumption
or under the pretext that the institution of slavery, as it exists
among them, is immoral or sinful, or otherwise obnoxious,
would be contrary to that equality of rights and advantages
which the Constitution was intended to secure alike to all the
members of the Union, and would, in effect, disfranchise the
slaveholding States, withholding from them the advantages
while it subjected them to the burdens of the Government."
In the northern states there is much dissatisfaction expressed
at the course which was adopted to c.meiliatc the south, and
the state of Vermont has passed a series of anti-slavery reso-
lutions of the strongest character, which have been transmitted
to Washington. I have little doubt but several of the other
States will follow their example—as the resolution to receive
all petitions on the subject of abolishing slavery in the dis-
trict of Columbia, and lay them on the table without reading,
or indeed, any further notice—is deemed by them a fatal blow
aimed at liberty and the sacred right of petition.
Mr. John Quincy Adams has denounced Mr. Patton's ob-
noxious resolution above referred to, as a violation of the Con-
stitution and freedom of speech, and presented an unusual
number of anti-slavery petitions, saying that he " thanked
God that the subject had so soon arrested the attention of an
outraged people !" One of these petitions prayed Congress
to abolish that " internal piracy commonly called the domestic
slave trade."

The resolutions of Mr. Calhoun were warmly supported by
several Members, on the ground that their adoption would stay
excitement, and " satisfy the fanatics that they could not get
a foothold in the district of Columbia."

A third party, with Mr. Strange, of North Carolina, avt
their head, were in favour of the resolutions, but not disposed
to debate them. He deprecated debate, owing to the excite-
ment it would create, but he would vote for them. The fol-
lowing is an extract from one passage of his speech :—" The
spirit of fanaticism had overrun England, it had reached thi
country, and had already in its tide virtually swept one State
from the Union, Vermont, and God only knew how soon other
States would follow the example. In society it was a settled
rule that all men were entitled to he treaL?d as gentlemen so
long as they conducted themselves as gentlen:frt ; but when
they departed from the rules of civilised life they ;sere to be
treated us brutes. The conduct of the State of Veregont in
(
sending eer-Lgirt resolutions adopted by her Legislature to Con-
i.-ess, in relation te, slavery, was odious, and justly rendered
that State unworthy ofi
.nlace at the table of the Confederacy.
He earnestly deprecated all „citation on the subject of slavery,
and hoped that Mr. Calhoun wcu'id not insist on setting apart
a day certain for their consideration.'''
In reply to this Mr. Swift, of Verrnelnta said that he re•
gre,ted that a gentleman at this early day .sbould indulge in
illiberal and unkind remarks against his State. The day for
that had not yet arrived. He had in his possessiorf u "fleg of
anti-slavery resolutions, adopted by the legislature of h kg State,
and he would soon offer them for actiun. When that e'tty ar-
rieed, the rude language to which he referred would b.'t in
time, and would be met in the spirit it deserved.
The further consideration of the resolutions is postponed
until the 3d or 4th instant.
Mr. Calhoun seems determined to bring the south in open
array against the north. Thus you will observe that we a.ro
on the eve of great excitement and Agitation, growing out of
that most unfortunate bone of contention for this Republic—
domestic slavery.
More than fifty causes of grievance, committed by Mexico
on the merchants, citizens, and property of the United States
are enumerated in the report of the Secretary of State. The
general impression is that lettees of marque and reprisals will
be the result of the report : unless, indeed, Mexico make the
most ample compensation and apology,- for the outrages that
have been committed. The probability is that Mexico will
not consent to this, as the course pursued by the Minister
Gorogiza has been approved by the Mexican authorities. By
this sancii2n, therefore, they not only sustain his conduct,
but have made their nation responsible for the insults put by
him and others on thc.. United States' Government and iseope•
It is also a remarkable fr.2lt, that only three days ago intelli-
gence was received that an army of several thousand Mexicarna
was pouring into the Texas for the invasion and re-conquest of
that province. This, if true to the extent reported, is most unfor-
tunate for the republic of Texas ; as, lulled by false rumours,
from Mexico, the Texan forces were chiefly disbanded ; and
the people of Texas had laid the flattering unction to their
souls that they were secured in all the power and integrity
of a separate nation ; and had even, as we learn, sent envoys
to England and France, to treat for their recognition and a
commercial treaty. Indeed, the MerNing Chroniale informs
us that the " Honourable J. P. Henderson, Minister from
Texas, had an interview with the Right Honourai.oo Lord
Palmerston, Secretary for Foreign Affairs, ort the lath of
October," Fee. It is necessary, however, to wait for further
advices about the rumoured invasion by Mexico, before any
conjectures can be safely hazarded upon the result. If the
news be confirmed, the fate of Texas trembles in the balance.
But if the Texan army could be again assembled, I should
calculate upon the defeat of Mexico as an almost certain event.
With regard to the state of the Canada question in COll-
- with people of the United States, I have merely
to remark that the Government are doing all in their power
to stop any unlawful interference on the part of American
citizens. Although a meeting in favour of the insurgents
has been held in New York, yet the citizens of the com-
mercial emporium intend convening another meeting to coun-
teract its effects, and to preserve the honour and neutrality
of the nation. I have inclosed in the aecompro:vieg papers,
all that is known, up to the present time, of the proceed-
ings at Navy Island, and in Upper Canada generate r, and
have only to add that the operations of the revolt toder
Mackenzie have been greatly magnified. The latest offic:al
and authentic accounts give 563 men as the efficient force'
at Nary Island, many of whom are American volunteers.
Surely this small number, and the fact of at least half of
them being Americans, are the strongest proofs that
can be adduced to show that the rebel cause is not po-
pular amongst the inhabitants of Upper Canada. Sir
Francis Head, with a small force, was at Chippewa (two
miles) four days since; and as troops are daily arriving in
his camp, an attack on the island is expected. It is probable
that the last New York papers put on hceerd the packet which
takes out this letter, will inform you of the c'emmencement of
hostilities. Whenener it takes place it is to ba' feared, in the
language of a public writer, that hundreds will :(11—"
will
find a glorious grave in Niagara, with its mist and spray for
for their winding-sheet, and the awful roar of its thunders for
their requiem."
It is rumoured that Papineau has perished in the woods;
while eedeavouring to reach the United States. One thing
is certain—chat that demagogue was not seen at or near any
of the scenes of carnage which his agitation had occasioned.
A dreadful tragedy has taken place in the Arkansas Legis-
lature, arising out of the revengeful passions of the south, and
the shocking practice of wea, lee. secret arms. Such an event
could only occur where the poptila,lien is thin, and by a neces-
sary consequence the execution and re'.straint of the laws feeble.
Mr. Wilson was Speaker of the House* of Representatives,
and, taking offence at some remarks made in .
reference to him-
self, by a Mr. Anthony, a member, he rushed 'non that gen-
tleman with a bowie knife and murdered him. "'Ole Speaker
was arrested and his name stricken from the roll of t1.a.9 House
for unparliamentary conduct.

It is said that the cotton crop of the state of Mississippi
will yield 15,000 bales more than last year. The total crop
of that State is estimated at 330,000 bales, worth 16,500,000
dollars.
The Government expenditures on account of Indian treaties,
in 1837, were 974,683 dollars. Nearly the whole tribe of the
Mandan Indians have been cut off by the small-pox ; which
fatal disorder is now raging amongst the Black Feet and
Assinoboins.
A statement has lately appeared, which says that the Go-
vernment under John Quincy Adams cost 12,200,000 dollars
per annum, with prosperity ; while, under General Jackson, it
was 32,000,000 dollars, with commercial ruin as its result.
The printers, publishers, paper-makers, and binders in
every part of the Union arc petitioning against an interna-
tional copy-right law, as calculated to injure their trades.
P UB L IC U S.
THE AMERICAN MARKETS.
(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
It is hardly worth my while to send you any report of the
markets by this packet, as, being holiday time, scarcely any
business has been transacted for the last week. The course
of the New York banks tends much to diminish the circulating
medium, as hardly any of them will pay out their own bills,
but certify in checks on other banks. This practice is much
complained of, and not without reason. The banks say it is
a necessary process in preparing for a resumptiot; of specie
payments.
The Baltimore banks have all declared dividends, varying
from 3 to 3:it per cent.
Exchange on London continues low, 92 to 10a premium for
bills at 60 days; but as few bills are offered, the rates exhibit
a slight (though very slight) advance.
Specie is much the same as per the last quotations, from 5
to 6 per cent. premium. Sovereigns 5 dollars. Unitcd States
Bank stock 121.
Flour has fallen from 25 to 40 cents. per barrel; the best
brands are new from 8 dollars 75 cents. to 9 dollars.
