AN TI-SLAVERy MEETING.

----
A meeting took place this day at Exeter Hall, which was
numerously and respectably attended, to take into considera-
tion the present stste of the N,Tro population in the British
Colonies, particul ,rly in iela.ion to the wo king of the appren-
ticeship system establ'shed under the " Act for the Abolition
of Slavery," and to adopt measures in consequence of the con-
tinued sufferings of the Negro race. The ladies formed the
greater portion of the audience. Two emancipated Negroes
were introduced, and were warmly received. Precisely at
half past 12 o'clock his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex
entered the great room, and was received with the most
deafening plaudits, which lasted for several minutes. He
wore a crape cap, and looked remarkably well. On tak-
ing the chair, his Royal Highness observed that much
bad been done by this country in abolishing the horrid traffic
of slavery. He was sure that, by the perseverance of the
Society, it would meet with co-operation from the Govern-
ment.—( Hear, hear.) He hoped that the proceedings would
be conducted with moderation, as it would carry conviction to
the mind of the pub:io, that the subject for which they had
met was one of the most vital importance, and would mainly
t.md to induce the Government to take up the cause. His
appearance might, on the occasion, have a beneficial effect—
( Hear, hear)—and he hoped it would, but it required the as-
sistance of others; and having madc:these few observations, he
would leave the management of the resolutions to gentlemen who
would address the audience with that moderation which the sub-
je2t demanded—(applause)—whichsi as a disgrace to the Statute
book, but in making statements it should be borne in mind it
was only on one side of the question, and representations should
be made with calmness, for truth looses nothing by simplicity,
but on the contrary, it adds much to the credit and character
of the qusstion. He expected the audience would listen with
attention to the statements, and that their hearts would go
with the laudable object which the Society had in view.
Rev. Dr. BURNETC mcvel the first resolution. The Rev.
G::i,tleman went at great length into the evil effects of the
app enticeship system in the West Indies, and concluded by
observing, that as a new Parliament was about to be formed,
every exertion should be used at this most important crisis
to encourage the collection of candidates for the repre-
sentation of the people, for he thought that when men were
elected into office, it would be too late to impress upo❑
them the necessity of advocating the liberty of the Negro ap-
prentice. After apologizing for the absence of Mr. Buxton
and Dr Lushington, he anticipated the conviction of success
when he looked towards the Throne—( Cheers)—and saw the
rising Star of the hou3e of Brunswick, who would contribute
so much to the full enjoyment of all the rights of justice and
freedom.—( Cheers. )
Mr. STURGE, of Birmingham, rose to address the meeting,
when our Reporter left.
The only Members of Parliament on the platform were Mr.
Barnard and Colonel Thompson; the meeting did not appear
likely to separate till a late hour.
