Tilt SUN, LONDON, TIIIJRgD Alt, DECIMBER 31, IKA

.. .
rupt the existing ftiendly relations between England,
France, and Russia; by iirciti4 the formeri'owers to
declare War ngriittst the imperial MriscoVite. How
are we to understand such cotriplaints ? Is it a crime
in Englishmen to love their Contiti'yi itiid ii.l iinplbre
their fellowmstilijeas to prepare thenafielves to defend
their liberties against Russian aggression ? Is it cri-
minal iu public Journalists, whose duty—if they have
a duty at all to perform—consists in watching over the
interests of their country, to proclaim aloud the
dangers which assail constitutional freedom in the event
of certain measures being neglected by the Govern.
meld ? Have we not reason to dread the encroach-
ing and perfidious policy of Russia ? Have we not
witnessed her treachery in all her negotiations with the
Sublime Porte ? Have we not seen her, in violation
of the most solemn Treaties, seize upon the Princi-
palities of Wallachia and Moldavia, and actually com-
pel the SULTAN to govern them on a principle which
conferred on Russia the virtual Sovereignty of these
States ? Have we not beheld her forcibly wrest from
the same Power the territories of Bosnia, Georgia,
and Circassia, under the perfidious plea of restoring
public tranquillity in these districts of the Ottoman em-
pire? Have we not sat wondering spectators; aghast
at the daring, and the impiety of the deed, while she
tore into shreds the Treaty of Vienna, and mingling it
with the life-blood of prostrate- Poland, presented it, in
solemn mockery, as a beverage suited to the nice
palates of England and France ? Yes, we have wit-
nessed all these enormities ; and, in addition, have had
the deep mortification to see our Mnisters, Whig
and Tory--WELLINGTON and PALMERSTON—mere
agents, moved in every direction by LiEvErr-and the
female intriguantes, who figured in the suite of this
representative of the NERO of the North. The
Tories made a great outcry about the great capacity of
the Noble Duke, and his fitness to discharge thdiduties
of Foreign Secretary. They will have only to peruse
Prince LIEVEN'S Despatch to Count NESSELRODE
to correct this opinion. His Grace is a distinguished
officer ; but he is too much tinctured with vanity to.
cope in diplomacy with the agents of the Autocrat.
This is so well known in certain quarters that most
iunworthy advantages are frequently taken of it by the
Duke's political associates. ,

But as the complaint which has been made against
us calls for a more explicit expression of our opinions,
we shrink not from admitting :—That as the policy of
Russia is unchanged—as the recent Memorial ad-
dressed by her to the German Princes proves that she
meditates the destruction of the German Confederacy ;
the suppression of the Diet of Frankfort ; and the
annexation of the German territory, with the exception
of Austria and Prussia, to her empire—as her support
of the German Commercial League was undertaken
with a view to effect the commercial, political, and
territorial downfall of Ghat Britain and France—as
by the secret treaty of Unkiar Skelessi she dared,
without the knowledge or consent of England, to close
the Dardanelles against English ships of war ; to
assume the protectorate of the Sublime Porte ;_and
by:placing herself in a position to seize at any moment
upon Constantinople, virtually to threaten the existence
of our Indian empire—and as the violation of the
Treaty of Vienna, perpetrated by the suppression
of Polish independence, is a crime which the blood of
tens of thousands of martyrs to liberty calls upon us,
in the name of justice, of freedom, and of good faith,
to revenge—we say openly, in the language of the
brave Roman, ‘‘' Our voice is still for war,"—war
against the brutal reveller in the blood of Poland!
Here it is important that we be not misundertood. We
trust it will not be inferred from this avowal of our
sentiments, that we are indifferent to the possible con-
sequences of a,war with Russia, and that we have'
overlooked the manifold sufferings that it would neces-
sarily entail upon thousands of our brave countrymen.
On the contrary, we love peace—we are averse to
the shedding of blood, whether of friends or foes ;
but when it comes to be a question—as it is at
present—whether we shall defend our liberties
while we may successfully defend them, or pas-
sively await the approach of a tyranny which is pre-
paring to invest Europe and Asia in its strangling
grasp, then our answer is—England wears a sword,
and the hand which should wield it must be lopped
off before she will suffer herself passively to submit to
chains imposed by Russia. As we have repeatedly
stated, a war is inevitable ; and every delay on our
part will only strengthen the hands of our adversaries.
Why wait till Russia is prepared to contest with Bri•
tain the Empire of the Ocean ?

New York Papers to the 9th inst. have been re-
ceived via Liverpool. Their contents are uninteresting.
They devote considerable space to comments upon the
PRESIDENT'S Message, which they generally regard
with approbation. The Gallatin Democrat contains
some details of the discovery of a conspiracy of the
Blacks in Kentucky, who had resolved to plunder the
town and free themselves from the slavery of the Whites

Brussels and German Papers have been received
Extracts from them are given in another column.

The Returns of the Municipal Elections having now
been almost all received, we offer our readers and the
public our congratulations on the glorious result.
Throughout the length and breadth of the land there
has been but one voice. The North has responded to
the South, and the East to the West. Everywhere the
triumph of liberal principles has been complete. To-
ryism has been overthrown in its very citadel, and in its
stead has been established a system founded on justice,
adapted to the wants of an enlightenecV people,
and possessing within itself the dower of keeping
pace with the progress of civilization. - And how
greatly is the glory of the triumph enhanced by its
having been achieved—not in consequence of any
sudden andlemporary impulse—not during a paroxysm
of political excitement, when reason and reflection may
be supposed to have but little influence on men's minds
—but by a calm, deliberate, and predetermined exercise
of a constitutional right, and that too in defiance of
intimidation, bribery, and all the other sinister influ-
ences with which ill•gotten and long-established power
surrounds itself, and which in this, its death struggle, it
has employed with reckless desperation. Ie it possible
to contemplate this manifestation of pure and lofty
principle without being filled with admiration of the
indomitable energy of the English character—without
glorying in the name of Englishman ?

Had the result of this memorable struggle been
' merely the emancipation of the Municipal Communi-
ties from the thraldom of the local tyrants, to whose
insolent domination they have been so long subjected
—had it been nothing more than the restoration of
usurped civil rights, and the reform of those adminis-
trative abuses which had overrun the English Corpora-
tions, that would have been matter of just exulta-
tion. But this, important as it is, is not the most
important result of the contest which has just closed.
It is, in its bearing on the political interests of
the country that we hail it as a more especial subject
of rejoicing. The mind of the nation has now been
unequivocally expressed on the merits of the old and
new systems of national government. The former it
has rejected with disdain, while it has adopted the lat-
ter with enthusiasm.

We are aware that the advocates of the Tory faction
would fain get rid of this conclusion. They pretend
thp the struggle is pot in the least degree political

The hypocrites Had the Victory been on theieside,
~would they have said ibis ? No l they would have re-
presented it as the death-blow to the iiefoiiiiing
Administration—aye, and to the cause of Reform
ttio. How ciitiiic days is it sinee. Arch-Apos-
tate, who never opens his mouth without tent.ig
falsehood, threatened Lord MELBOURNE with the
consequences of the then approaching elections.
And yet he has now the effrontery to say that the
elections involve no political consequences

Mr. Sharman Crawford is to be entertained at a
public dinner at Banbridge, on the 14th of next month.
The Duchess de Dantzic, widow of the Marshal
Lefevre, died on Monday morning, at the age of 76. She
has left a fortune of 15,000,000 francs to the neices of her
late husband.—Galignanis Messenger.

The Council of Ministers, headed by the Duke de
Broglie, has subscribed to the monument to the memory of
Marshal Mortier.—Galignanes Messenget.

Lieutenant-General Sir John Hamilton, Bart.,
whose death we announced on Monday, was appointed an
Ensign in the East India Service on May, 1773, Lieute-
nant in October, 1776, and Captain in March, 1781. In
1787, after seeing much active service, he was transferred
to his Majesty's 87th regiment, with which he served under
Cornwallis and Meade in the Mysore country. After ob-
taining his Brevet Majority in March, 1794, he was ap-
pointed the year subsequently Lieutenant-Colonel in the
61st Foot, which he commanded at St. Dqmingo. In Oc-
tober, 1809, he was appointed Inspector-General of the
Portuguese Infantry, in Portugal, with the rank of Major-
General. He was at the battles of Albucra and Nivelle.
In January, 1813, he received the Colonelcy of the 2d
Ceylon Regiment, and on the 4th of June, 1814, the rank
of Lieutenant-General. He was also appointed Governor
of Duncannon Fort in the same year in the place of Lieu-
tenant-General Benson. He obtained the Colonelcy of
the 69th Foot in March, 1823. It is probable that the
vacancy in the Governorship of Duncaunon Fort will not
be filled up.
CHARGE OF WILFUL MURDER AGAINST TWO
GAMEKEEPERS.—On Tuesday se'nnight, an inquisition was
held at Hayfield, before Thomas Mander, Esq-, Coroner
for the hundred of High Peak, in the county of Derby,
upon the body of a labouring man named Booth, who came
by his death on the Saturday night previous, in a rencontre
with two of the gamekeepers of John White, Esq., of Park
Hall, From the evidence given by a man who was with
Booth at the time, it appeared that they were poaching,
and on seeing the keepers coming towards them, ran away.
Booth wore a pair of clogs, and witness over-ran him down
the field. When the keepers overtook him he heard Booth
shriek, and turning to look what was the matter, saw him
on the ground, and the two keepers, whose names are Jo-
seph Bowden and Thomas Bowden, along with him. Ano-
ther witness deposed to passing the field at the time, and
hearing the man cry out, but on seeing the Bowdens he
durst not get over the fence to see what was the matter, for
he thought that if he had done so, Joseph Bowden would
have sworn he had been poaching. A third witness stated
that Joseph Bowden went to his house, which is near
the place, to ask for a candle, and said he had taken a
poacher whom be did not know, and he wanted to see who
he was. He took a candle and went with Bowden, and
when they got to the place where Booth was, they found
him dead. On examining the body a wound was found,
which had been inflicted with a sharp instrument, such as
a dagger or the prong of a pike. The weapon, whatever
it might be, had entered his side, and been driven in with
such force that it had broken one of his ribs ; the wound
was from four to five inches deep, and the instrument with
which it was made had penetrated the heart. There was
no weapon of any description found upon him, nor in the
field, that the wound could have been made with. Both
the Bowdens were taken into custody on Monday morning.
In defence they said that the man's death was the result of
accident ; that as they were chasing him he fell ; and that
he mast have fallen upon something which had caused the
wound. The verdict of the Jury was " Wilful murder
against Joseph •and Thomas Bowden ;" and they were
committed under the Coroner's warrant to Derby gaol, to
take their trial at the next Assizes. The deceased was a
native of Charlesworth, a collier, and has left a widow and
four small children.—Sheffield Iris.
DISASTROUS FIDELITY OF A DOG.—On Friday
s'ennight an inquest was held on view of the body of Thomas
Jenkins, at Ruddington, who was found dead in a ditch on
the high road between that place and Nottingham. From
the evidence adduced before the Coroner, it appeared that
the deceased was a drover, and was driving some sheep from
Leicester to Nottingham, when, about eight o'clock at
night, he was heard to call for help by two men returning
from Nottingham ; and on searching he was discovered on
his face in the ditch, with his dog sitting close by him ;
but the dog resisted every attempt on their part to approach
him. The man in vain entreated help. One of the men
asked the master of the dog to let him kill it, but he said,
" Oh, don't kill the dog, don't kill the dog." They then said
" We must leave you, as,the dog won't let us touch you ;"
and they thought, as he was off the road and safe, he
might have a little sleep, and afterwards get out himself.
He did not appear intoxicated, or tell them how he got
into the ditch. The following morning early a milkman
from Ruddington, walking along the high road, heard a
dog bark, and upon going to the spot he saw a man
lying in the dike, with his back upwards and his head
under his body ; he went as near him as he dare ; the
dog growled at and would have bitten him had he offered
to touch the body. With the assistance of another person
the dog was at last beaten off, but not before the animal,
a kind of shepherd's dog, had made a most determined
resistance. The man was taken out of the ditch, when
no appearance of violence or blood was found apon his
person, excapting pieces of his frock and shirt, which, it
was supposed, had been torn by the dog in attempting to
pull the deceased out of the ditch. From further evidence,
it was the opinion of the Jury that his death was caused by
apoplexy.—Liverpool Standard.

The Duke of Wellington has joined a party at
Althorp, Northamptonshire, who have been invited to cele-
brate the anniversary of the birth-day of the Earl of West-
morland to-morrow, who will then have attained his 78th
year. The Duke will alterwards return to Strathfieldsay,
where he has invited a party of friends to spend a few days.
A GANDER IN LovE.—We have the authority
of Captain Brown, in his curious work on dogs, for stating
that, brutes though they be, the tender passion is not un-
known to the species, whether setter, cur, collet', or mon-
grel, and why may it not be equally developed in the fea-
thered tribe ? Some time since a gander was located on a
farm on the Craigs Barony, and provided with a helpmate,
that survived the union but a very brief period ; Mr. Gan-
der was provided with wife the second ; but meanwhile
he had taken a better thought—conceived a devoted at-
tachment to a buxom inhabitant of a cottage, and to this
day continues to give her unequivocal proofs of it.
Though. chary of entering the house, morning, noon,
and night, he stands at the door, and in a moon-
light eve, serenades his fair one in a fashion pecu-
liarly his own : whenever she does appear, he looks
so overjoyed that wings and feet are all in motion, and the
steps of the damsel actually impeded by his fluttering. The
woman confesseS that the only way she can get rid of him
is by " jouking out o' the house, and whipping hard round
the corner ;" but once seen, the feathered suitor accompa-
nies her go where she may. If on the harvest rig, there is
the gander by her side ; and during the last season, when
the farmer conceived it necessary to prolong the labours
of his people till after mid-night, the• gander accompanied
all the motions of the team with which his lady love was
engaged, and watched every sheaf that was placed on it by
her hands.—Durqfries Courier,
We regret to have to state that Colonel Ross, late
of the 4th-Dragoen Guards, died on Tuesday week. His
death has occasioned a great sensation about Lanark, where
from his boyhood he was a favourite. His liberal princi-
ples were well known ; and on one occasion he had an op-
portunity of displaying that regard for his countrymen, and
that honourable reluctance to use his sword against them,
which found little favour with a Tory Government, but
which earned for him the love and respect of the people.
At the election for the county of Lanark in 1831,
when the Tories attempted to get up a riot, having
taken care to have a detachment of soldiers at hand, it for-
tunately happened that Colonel Ross's regiment was the one
employed. On the arrival of the dragoons before the Cl) des-
dale Hotel, where the Sheriff had just read the riot act, there
was no riot to be seen. A few women and children were on the
opposite side of the street ; but there was no violence ofiered
to any one. The Sheriff, however, at once ordered a charga,
on which Colonel Ross replied, " What, m 7 Lord, on
the women and children ?" The order was repeated, and
of course obeyed, but in such a manner,as to disperse the
crowd
an
n individual. The soldiers, as usual
in
such same spirit as their commander,
without
cases,
acted hurting
in
the
and while they assumed a most menacing attitude, brandish-
ing their swords and causing their horses to rear, took care
not to disgrace themselves by the smallest outrages. Though
there were few persons in the streets when the military
arrived, their presence soon brought out a vast number of
spectators, but from the mild manner in which the soldiers
acted it was found impossible to provoke the populaee to a
riot, and the popular candidate and the dragoons were often
cheered in one breath. The people of course felt grateful
for the regard shown by Colonel Ross for their safety, and
also respect for the manliness of spirit by which that regard
was dictated ; but it has been reasonably doubted whether
his conduct on the occasion did him any good at head-
his commission.—Dremfii.
es Courier
quarters ; and it is well known that 11' Non after resigned
