SIR 44RTNUR WELLESLEY.

Notwithstanding all that we have known of the
violence of party, we were surprized as well as shock-
ed at an attack upon the charaaer of this gallant Offi-
cer, which appeared in a Morning Paper of yesterday.
Whatever might be thought of the Convention of
Cintra, the battles which preceded it were by all
parties acknowledged to he in the highest degree
honourable to the rniltary talents of the Commander,
and it has generally been admitted, that if that Com-
mander had been suffered to follow up his plan,
the success of his operations would most pro-
bably have preve-nted fhe necessity of any Conven-
tion at all, by reducing the Enemy to unconditional
submission, The testimony of !the Officers 'con-
cerned in the aaious alluded to, manifested in a pre-
sent of a piece of plate, with an inscription expres-
sive of the warmest admitatien and 'esteem for Sir
ARTHI7II WELLESLEY, might be thought a sufficient
shield against any attacks upon his military charac-
ter, if his previous services had not excited the re-
sped and gratitude of his country. But the violence
of party has even gene back to one of his great
achievements. in India, in order to blight his well-
earned laurels, asserting that, in the Battle of Assye,
by "a shameful oversight in the Commander, our
troops found themselves within a few gun shots of the
enemy, before any suspicion was entertained that
there was an enemy within many miles of their
march; that our Army was considered by all as
having fallen into a scrape; and that by the re-
peated charges of Colonel GILLISPEY'S squadron of
horse, it was saved from a situation which was con-
sidered as desperate."
Never was there a more shameless violation of
truth than this passage exhibits !—The faa is, that
on the 21st of September, t 803, General WELLES-
LEY and Colonel STEVENSON formed a junction at
Badnapoor, when it was resolved that they should
again separate into two divisions, and advance to-
wards the Enemy by different routes ; a plan that
appeared to afford the best means of forcing the
Confedetates to a general action, which they sheaved
a strong disposition to avoid. Generpl WELLESLEY
reached Naulnair on the 23d, where information was
received that the Combined Armies were encamped
about six miles from the ground which it was his in-
tention to occupy. Without waiting for Col. STEVEN.
SON'S division, which had not arrived, GerI.WELLES-
LEY at once determined to attack the Enemy, justly
conceiving that, if he had waited for that division,
the Confederates would be aware of its approach,
and, in pursuance o( the defensive system on which
they ailed, withdraw their guns and infantry in the
course of the night, in order to avoid the combined
attacks of the British forces ; but by attacking them
with his own division, he thought they might be
tempted, by the smallness of his force, to engage
him.

• The result is well known : the British Armycon-
sisted of 4500 men, of whom 2000 were Europeans;
and the force of the Confederates was thirty thousand
strong. They were, however, no match for the
spirit, discipline, and steadiness of the British force,
condutSted by so intrepid, so prudent, and so able
a Commander. Yet this is the aaion which has
been the foundation of Opposition falsehood, and
malignity; and to mend the matter, the triumph of
the day is ascribed to a Colonel GILLISPEY, whereas
there was no such Officer in the Army that Sir
ARTHUR WELLESLEY commanded when he achieved
a victory so honourable to the British Arms. But
we shall resume the subjeet on Monday, and present
to our Readers a full account of the anion which
has been thus scandalously misrepresented.

FINANCIAL PROSPERITY of the cot:A-7'l7r

Thestate of the Public Revenue, which is at all
times a matter of the highest interest, becomes par-
ticularly so in a time like the present, and under the
peculiar circumstances of the war in which we are
now engaged, requiring the most unprecedented pe-
cuniary exertions to maintain it. It is therefore
with the greatest satisfaaion that we now present
to our Readers, the result of the quarterly accounts
which have lately been made up at the Ex.
chequer, and which afford the most substantial
proorof the very flourishing condition of our finan-
cial resources. From these it appears, that in the
quarter which ended the loth instant, the surplus of
the Consolidated Fund has amounted to 2,714,0001.
This is the largest quarterly surplus of that• fund
that has yet been known. In the corresponding
quarter of 1807, it amounted to 2,310,0001. 13u;
as there is a sum to be deduaed from each of
these amounts, on account of the deficiency of the
preceding quarter, (the Consolidated Fund being
loaded with the heaviest charge in the Quarters end-
ing sth July and sth January, on account of the
Consols in those periods)—the following statement
will be a clearer mode of exhibiting the actual sur-
plus produced towards the current service of the
year, in the half years ended 10th Oalober, in 1807
and 1808 respectively :

Su/plus on the zoth 04tober, 18'7 - 42,3TQ,000
Denua deficiency of sth July to be made good 148,0c0

Remained 'surplus applicable to the service of the
year
2,162,00
Surp;us Loth OF}ober, 1803 ,t,2,714,00e
DcduCl deficiency at sth . 406,500

Remains surplus applicable to the grant
of the year - 2,308,0°
It only remains to be observed, that the whole
surplus granted for the service of the year 18072
(ending oth April, 1808) was 3,750,0001. and that
considerably more than that sum was actually pro-
duced within the year. For the present year,
3,500,0001. only has been charged upon the same
fund ; so that, deduaing from that sum the
2,308,0001. above stated, there remains onlY
092,0001. to be produced in the two ensuing
quarters of January and April, to complete the
grant. There appears therefore the strongest pro..
bability, that there will be a considerable excess at
the disposal of Parliament, at April 1898.
With respet to the War Taxes the prospe& is not
less favourable
:
Their amount in the quarter just ended, is Z. 6,4,14,7'1
n the corresponding quarter of last year, it was 6,179,0'
The net produce of the Property Tax paid into
the Exchequer in the year ended loth of Oc.
tober, tBoS, is - - - zt,Sszpoo°

The following is an Extract of a Letter lately re-
ceived from Versailles :

" From the concurrence of unfortunate circum-
stances, we have been detained here since the corn-
rnencement of the last war, and I much fear must
wait the conclusion of it, before we are likely to be
set at liberty; however, we are treated with great
civility and kindness by the Authorities, as well 0
the inhabitants. We partake in all their amuse'
ments, and are received and entertained as if we
were not strangers, or, in other words, prisoner/
amongst them, We are the only English 1.014
who have been permitted to stay in Verseiliette,A ,
as it Is so near 'Paris, and rnarrr of the- former polo,
lity reside here, they do not choose that foreigner°
in general should be so near them. Sir T. and Lad!
C. live at Paris; he has lately sent this son to -Ear
land to be placed at Harrow—his twoalaughters ors
at school at St. Germain. Lord B. and his son are
at Moulines, where, I am told (although it is
lightfil country), no one takes notice of them, "Aui
they are consequently uncomfortable. Lord an
Lady S. and Lady B. left this country last summer •
my feord, from 'his age and infirmities, had perm's'
sion to return to Englaqd. There are many other
English families at Paris, as it is easier to have per-
mission to reside there than at Versailles ; but so
Paris is unpleasant in summer, we prefer Versailles,
where we have an excellent house, with a veil
pretty garden, &c. &c. for about 1601. a year--ir is
a complete Gentleman's house, and such as in the
summer Places of England (Bath, ere.) they walk'
expeect 101. or 151. a week for. Paris is astonishing"
ly improved within these four or five years—the new'
buildings are magnificent ; and almost the '"h In
Continent has contributed to the establishment
statues, piaures, and curiosities of various kinds'
The Court is now become the most splendid, the
most magnificent raree-show that can possibly '
an
conceived; in short, it was, a few months ago,
assemblage of Kings, Queens, and Princesses—scale
to plead for what they have lost, others to ask for
more. I saw here, in O&ober last, the Queen of
PRUSSIA'S sister (niece to the Queen of ENGLAND),
a most beautiful woman. You have robbed us of
Madame CATALANI ; but I am told many in Eng-
land prefer BANTI and BreeteoroN's singing. Their
singing, in general, at the Opera at Paris, is detest-
able; but the dancing, decorations, and dresses, sre
very magnificent. They have at the Opera, I shook'
think, a hundred good dancers—twenty equine
good with VESTRIS ; so that their' Ballets are th
most enchanting things I ever saw. They also pay
great attention to their Theatre, and have some ea-
pital performers, both in the tragic and comic line'
They keep up so exactly the ancient costumes in
their dresses, that it carries on the deception or il-
lusion much more than on the English stages."'
Every Lady must be dressed in the Greek or Roman
manner ; and those who have taste, and some,
knowledge of drawing, visit the Galleries of Steil
and Pictures in the morning; to fancy a dress 011
ornaments 'for the evening—many succeed wood°,
fully."

THE OPERA 140 USE.—Having convicted the se:
cret enemy of Mr. TAYLOki of a falsehood, in
ing that he " wishcd to receive cash" froiri
HARRIS for the use of this Theatre, when be Vs`ci
tively refused to have any thing to do with it,
proposed that it should he vested in a banker's hand'
we shall drop the suojett, as it would be an elidl°-
task to contend with bush-fighting malevolence. I,
The dwelling-house of Mr. JOHN RILEY,
stapler, near Bermondsey Church-yard, on Thursday
morning was broke open, and rubbed of some silifet
.
premises of Mr. JAMES ADAMS, a carrier, io
the same sheet, we e broke open the same inurnitl:
supposed' by the same gang, ;Ana robbed of a clu3l
tit), cf leather of onsiderabic value.

~ 1 that the above-mention‘A transports wet:, destined to
L'. ..t Carry of what remained of the French troops. In
. . . ... ..
TEE EDITORS bi. T i,i paiiTTA bE Lisßai TO .1.4, "'.etfral;
.these begati to ethbark on the tpth instant,
.
PUBLIC. Bop wsr,eall on bOaid.the transports on the- morning
.., 4 Lt.ri f ''. ' '
tthe I All.
LIsBOT, SEPT. 16.—The Public ha; doubtfeiillon°- ...
' '
observed the impartiality with which the Lisbeii - e ./1. riiik time arrived here various t-iglish regirntnts,
from which, on the morning of the ibth,• were de-
Gazette was conducted. until the encCh of the en- -fached guards and piquets to maintain tranquillity in
;ranee of the Frencl army into this capital; hut all the squares and public places of this capital.. At
ivhen the circumstances are considered under which
mid-day the Portuguese Flag was displayed on the
the entrance of dial army took place, which, while. castle. of Sr. George; the steeples of the churches,
it pretended to come for the protection of the corm- •,,110 other parts of the city ; this much-desired etre-
t_ry, immediately began to Oppress, it, the change of rniniy being accompanied with the discharge of ar-
rne Which
this Gazette was compelled to assue.,
tlllery, lira-works, and the riming of bells. Soon
is nOt ver
~,, y wonderfuL • .-, after these, iti'ppeared, fixed up in °the public places,
.4 The Change of toire,first becime more particularly 'an Edid:sof the Council; in which it was said, that,
evident on the arrival of the French:General of
Police, P. L
—A.GARDE. That Magistrate took, upon "rea
and the confirmation of our nimated
by the regeneration of the Portuguese
Government,our Flag, they
himself the superintendence of the Gazette,'and-not - a eliermitted the Public to demonstrate their joy
Only assumed the office of Censor, but even that
-w hittniltiations for three nights, persuaded that
of Editor, particularly with regard to' the Lisbotil ;a.
4,o:Fre tizens. will accompany this solemnity
1l
article. Hence resulted hat• extraordinary alteratiatV4/:) vilhif icir..
which every thing under that head-exhibited from titi4lofr
:'
their rejoicings; it being their intention, on
akk after, to give thanks to God fur the suc-
'wl4th of April to the 24th of August ; for LAGARDioI'r-cfll'ts . whho was a worthy instrument of the artful and per 'ich has been the means of delivering this
fictions plans of his Government, introduced into
that article all the falsehoods, calumnies,- and •
mis-
In fa&, no invitation could have been made to
representations, 'which appeared calculated to fix the the people of Lisbon more agreeable to-the joyful
Opinion of the Portuguese according to feelings' by which they were absorbed. 'On the
his views. ' nights of the ibth and 16th, 'illuminations were dis-
changedln order also to serve his purposes of imposition, he
played with the greatest pleasUre and zeal, and this
the days of publication of the Gazette.:--
capital presented, in all its earl;, a continued scene
(All the articles which were written by his own
Land still-Yen-raja in oer.possession.l of rejoicing. The lights at the iVindows .of all the
' houses, the ringing of all the bells; the fire-works
providence Now; -however, when by the especial favour of of all kinds; the shouts of reiterated vivas to
a signal victory bas been obtained,by the
the PRINCE 4EGENT, our Sovereign, ib the Royal
the''' of the British arms over the French army, and Family, and to the British Army, the Portuguese
i remainder of the enemy's troops are consequent- and English embracing one another on their meet- '
I Withdrawn, this scourge has ceased, and we are ing in. the streets, - and all congratulating themselves
restored to the wild government. of his Fv+yal Hyli- wi: h such - sincerity and, feeling that many aCtually
ness, our lawful and •most amiable Sovereign,' the shed ears Such was the touching picture produced
jilitiblic may expedt that we shall proCeed in the by, the joy of being delivered from an usurped;
lanagement of this GaZette with that prudence,„:' , violent, and tyrannic3l Government, and restored
*vhich circumstances may requite.
~1„ to that of our legitimate and entirely beloved Stave-
,
reign.

I:

This day the following Proclamation was publish-
here :—.

PROCLAMATION,
y LIEUTENANT.GENERAL HOPE, COMMANDING THE
TRoopS OF HIS' BRITANNIC MAJESTY, FOR THE
- ImmEDIA/iit • SECURITY AND TRANQUILLITY OF
J.ISBON:
INHABITANTS`' o L/530.;,
''our Country is rescued, and you are. restored
io freedom : your National Ela, is flin in every' quarter of the kingdom, and his E
x
c
e
l
lency the Ga-
heral in Chief of the British 4r...y is anxious tbesta,
blish gout Civil Govetntnent upon the' same foot-
ing in which it was left by your beloved Prir:ceif
When, assisted ‘_,y the constant fritnds at his persobb
aad his throne, he escaped from bis most insidicruls
enemies. Wit i,out losing a. moment, we are ero-i,
eleaVOUrillg to erect this measure, and to `substitutes
Civil Government to the Military ; to accomplish -
_Which., however, some day, will be requisite - In
tbrderi. tnen, that tne evil-disposed (it-such there be)
may not convert true liberty into utibri,!led licenti-
ibuStiess, asid iu order to avoid, in the present
the terrible consequences Of such di,orAer, it belongs.
to the Cotuntander„in f; and 40 those. so whom
he has immediatttly dOegated tile. auperintty!ance of
the publiC tranquillity of this ctt , to watch with
all vigilance over. its peace and quiet, aid to give se-
curity
to the persous and property of its loyal and
Werth). inh bitants: 'To obtain this desirable end it
will be necessary, for a short tune, to Maintain
Wong guards; piquos and patroles, in various di-
iealons, in order to seize and take into custody..
pt., son Who shall attempt to disturb the public
peace.
Yuu may rtjokei L.:habitants of Lisbon ! y};01
have great cause tier gladness ; and your Eliglislir
fri.l
eclu"ellst(,s ever , participating in your sentiments, rejoice,.
"'ilia you. Never let it be permitted; bow-
., that the evii-dispobed therebyltdve CL
.!:_tpportunity of proinoting insurrection or contusion.
ut let them
beware of such design ! The most
Vigorous and effective means are prepared for sup-
pres§ltig
may be giYltyattet attempt of this nature; and all who
tiry law, in
the &mil be punished according to mili-
plarY manner eZtiostl.opirpt, rigorous, and exem-,
r the pUrpbse of removing eve-
ry temptation to interrupt the peace of the city, I
Prohibit, under-the present circumstances, ttie en-
the the city With arms, and the wearing them
in
,t 1.1" "reek. All inns • d taverns, where wine or
spirnubus liquors are' soldat in small quantities, are,,
for t •
he same reason' 'dto be shut up at Siki
it) the
„eve, , .equi.re
under the ' farid not to open' before suu-risn
torreiture O. unpriso,
livots:iment td the dealers, an their
Pinallh I invite all persons who possess any au-
thority or influence whatever, and whether included
or not in the body of the Magistracy, and more par-
ticularly the Holy Ministers of ReligioD, to assist:
the Military Power in preserving the tranquillity of
the capital, until the :ouch wished for object of see
jug the Constituted Civil Authorities in the exercise
of their functions be '6Wained.-God save the
•fltitsicE REGENT ! Viva-! Viva
• J. Hopg, Lieutenant•Gcnerai.

2P.V:

' •
A.Cp9UNT OF THE HAPPY AND GLORIOUS RESTORA-

TION OF THE KINGDOM OF ALGAIIVA.

On the 17th of June,' the- day on which our
Holy Church celebrites the tes' Iva! of Corpus Christi,
the perfidious and abominable French Got eminent
i having given dire&ions to fix up at the town of 01-
hao, about a league from Faro, their orders, calling
upon the oppressed Portuguese to take up arms against.
Our neighbours the Spaniards, Colonel JOSE LoPES
DE,SOusA, Governor of- Villa Real de S. Antonio,
not Only a faithful subject, bin a brave warrior,
am_, tiv„).6b,bore our slavery with impatience, having
cohe to the said town, tort down the edi6t, and
• Ita-mlMili involuntary silence, exclaimed there to
a levviii;ataiing 'mete, the only people who inhabit
:thc-4 1.11;:ics-i -with tones. and gestures the most expres-
t
sivl,:.f.„. '
Ab ! Portuguese, we no longer deserve that
• - name, 'and we are now nothing !" To. hint the few
Men who were present, exclaiming with unanimous
voice, replied, " We are still Poitfignese, and are
ready to lay down our lives for out Religion, our
Prince, and our Country." The Colonel Avtired to
the Church, and these few men easily drawing to
themselves the rest of the 'town, 'who were always
greatly attached-to-the august Royal family of-Por-
tugal, entered the Churca tumultuously, where
they were drawn up by the Colonel, whom they
elei-,ted their chief, advanced to attack the French
who Were marching to the town, having put them-
selvesin such a state- ot preparation as cireutustances
admitted of, and
.having taken from the tOrtress of
Armona, situated on the coast, the artillery that
'wire there. On the 18th, the French who were in
• the City:.ofzfro, consisting of grenadiers and char-
,
sehrs' marched;-in .order to ad against this revolo-
7iT ' ,
flout; •, • . -
out- 'an t) d attempting to invest Olhao, were driven
ri
bath , --, triS the loss or 25 men, leaving 16 dead on
6'tire tfieii), their baggage,
One mortar spiked, witLh
L •
Lall'tni-,fir ammunition scattered about.

These perfidious and cowardly men (whom it is,
fair to call so, though their crimes have net been
proved by authentic testimony in d Court of Justice)
murdered two, young people who were feeding their'
small flock ; an old man, more than too years of
age (on that account called Pai avo) ; and also a very
old woman nod herfaniily, and wounded severely
two men, who have fbrtunately recovered.
This division of the French remained dispersed in
the fields, expeeting reinforeements trona the city of
Wfyita, which, in fact; reached them on the 19th,
,and havingobtained of General MoaAttg, who go-
, yerno the,whole of Algarva, and resided at Faro,
-that ioine i.f the 2d regiment of artillery, then lying
,tlicre - should be detached to assist them to repel the
_....brave division of noble seafaring men, the people of
Faro making a signal for attack at two in the iltier-
noon, a countryman being at their head, and the
soldiers SEBAsTIAO, COBREIRA, Captain of artillery,
and his brothers BELEHI* and SZVERO, COBREIA,
as well as LAZAR°, LANDEIRO, and others, display-
ed the national tiag, and. defended the city, making
prisoners the. French soldiers and Officers, to the
numberof 170, and General MORAIN hims-lf, • •
The measures adopted by the NObility, Clergy,
and Religious Oran, were not less patriotic: On,
the 20th the people were called together by them,.
and at seven in the morning, under the discharge of
artillery, they all took an oath that they would de-
fend, to, the last drop of their blood, their Religion,
their Queen,, the Prince Regent our Sovereign, his
Children, and the whole Most Serene House of
'Braganza. .
: Presently appeared in arms the Most Reverend
i, phapter in. •a body, and all the Clergy, with the )ftiree Ordiers of Franciscans, Antonines, and Ma-
Wins i ar'iti4those dispositions were taken which were
requited 'by the presence of the enemy, who being
I driven from Olhao, which place he could not enter,
! sought refuge in Faro ; but being driven back by our
I artillery, .they retreated to the mountains at the dis-
' tance of a league.
At:two in the afternoon of thessatne day, the city
being placed in a secure State of defence, and troops
1 being detached to. succour 011iao, the French eva-
-1 cuated these parts, and flying dispersed towards
the mountains, they re-united at Mertola, where
I there was a division of them, which, with the troops
1 of
,Algarva, were destined to invade Spain. , But
.143tyluntryman, who still headed a strong division
iidf-tll of Faro, addressed his followers, say-
ing, i` Friends, we can never be safe while a single
city, town, or village of our kingdom is subjeol to
the tyranny of the treadle I will go to the villages

1.1380 N, SEPT. 17.—N0 sootier was It known that
there had arrived at Figueira a Grand Expedition,
"leaentsto the succour of Portugal by his Britannic Ma-,
.StY, our autiQnt and. faithful Ally,' than theinha-,
tn't. ets of Lisbon conceived strong hcpes of seein,g,
11errheives
3"on delivered from the yoke of the
tench, Ay li, - under - the pretext. of pretendek,
protectioni. had.
been so oppres;ive and insupporta--
e.
These hopes were increased when they were
Informed of the vi6tories gained over the French ;
the first on the
.17th of,A-ugust, at Rolissa and Co-
on that one
on that uay (stir,'
league from Obidos, the enemy, being
commanded by General DELABORDE ;
'.1.11d the bCCOI:4I on the 21st, at Vimiera, where
4nNoT connuanded in person.
still greater These hopes were
when, on the 'evening of the 23d, they
haw the
Sider return of the same JUNOT, after a very con-
able loss, which obliged him to ask a capitula-
tion. These hopes were at last pedaled when they'
San', 011 the 2d instant, several transports belonging
to the 14..,-1: .
-- 6 11sn Expedition begin to . enter our port,
and Flag
the British waiving on the forts of St. Julien
Bugio, and afterwards the entrance of other :
transports, and. of the Squadron which protee.tecir
them. At last the English troops appro3ched rill°
cztyiroas of Lisbon, and the report was circulated
