FOR THE SUN.

MR. EDITOR—It has come to my knolige,
that a poor woman, whose maintenance et rely
depends on her labour, is employed by some Jews
in cleaning their houses. These persons take
especial care to employ her, on Surictiys alone ;
making for her as much worlt-as possible; following
her, and standing over le'r at her labour ; and
taunting her for the employment which poverty
forces upon her. It is, I understand, a main.
pastime with these charitable people, to embitter
this sad necessity by asking her, in a jibing
tone—if she woul4(.*Qt rather lie at Church
Thee poor crekitire'Oannot get. ‘tork enough to
support her thrOugb the week thet elm e,

" Her poverty, and not her will, consents."
She had expressed much sorrow at being oblied to
this slavery upon Easter Sunday ; and a person had
offered to.give her as much as she would earn on
that day, to enable her to go to church. But she
is compelled to decline the Offer ; since, if she
staid away one Sundt-y front these Jaws, they
would never employ her again.
You know, Mr. Editor, that I would not
lightly advance any assertion. I shall be most
happy in furthering any tneasrtre whirl) may
rescue one victim, at least, from this Anti-Chris-
tian oppression, that seems levelled against our
holy religion in general, rather than the poor and
bumble instrument of Judaic malignity.
While on this subject, let me observe, Mr. Edi-
tor, that in those quarters of the Metropolis which
the Jews inhabit, a studied insult is exhibited to
the Christian Sabbath, by their displaying every
possible sign of work, as openly as ever the laws
permit, at their doors and in the streets. Perhaps,
however, the fashionable notion of Emancipation
is to be extended ; and, when it once begins
.--WnY Nor ? Of what consequence is the pu-
rity of the Christian Religion, compared with the
cant -of modern liberality ?
I.3ut, Sir, I hope•that some Christians, posses•
sing alike power and feeling, will think upon the
poor woman whose case 1 have stated. A very
little would save her front this bondage of the soul,
which her tyrants cast over her. The affluent'
Christian will pity the poor belieer, whose ne-
cessity subdues her conscience, without silencing
its repinings.

CLEM IiNS.

The Duke of YORK returwed to tows from
Windsor on Thursday night. .
