LAURIE, MAYOR.

ACOMMON COUNCIL, holden in the
Chamber of the Guildhall of the City of London,
on Thur,day, the 6th day of December, 1832,
Resolved Unanimously—That the Thanks of this Court
be presented to the Right Hon. Sir JOHN KEY, Bart.,
late Lord Mayor,
For the unremitted zeal and distinguished ability with
Which he has discharged the various and onerous duties of
his high and responsible office during the past year ;
For the firmness and humanity which he has ever ma-
nifested in the performance of his Magisterial functions ;
For the liberality and munificence with which he has
supported the several important Charities, which, under
the patronage and fostering care of the Chief Magistrate,
have contributed so largely to diffuse comfort and relief to
the distres.ed and indigent ;
For the splendid manner in which he has sustained the
ancient hospitality of this City;
For the readiness with which he has called Courts of
Common Council ;
For his punctual attendance at this Court during one
of the most laborious years in the annals of this City ;
For his urbanity of manners to its several Members, as
Well as to all classes of his fellow-citizens; and for the
strenuous and consistent exertions which he has uniformly
made for the maintenance of the rights and privileges.
WOODTHORPE.

Now ready, in 2 volc.,

LIGHTS AND SHADOWS
OF GERMAN LIFE.
I .
THE INVISIBLE GENTLEMAN.

By the Author of " Chartley, the Fatalist."
Printe I for Edward Bull, New Public Subscription
Library, 26, Holles•street, Cavendish-square.

NEW WORK BY THE AUTHORESS OF ,‘ 1110-

THERS AND DAUGHTERS."
This day was published, in 3 vols. post Bvo.
THE FAIR OF MAY - FAIR;
Or, the MISERIES of MARRIAGE.
Containing :
The Flirt of Ten Seasons. I The Separate Maintenance.
The Special License. I The Divorcee, &c. &c.
Published for H. Colburn by R. Bentley, New Burling-
ton-street.

NEW NOVEL.
This day was published, in 3 vols. post five.
F 013 TUNE-HUNTING.
A Tale of Modern Life.

By the Author of " First Love."
" The subject is an excellent one ; and its execution is very
much to the purpose. The characters are sketched with strong
humour and some of the incidents are irresistibly ludicrous.
The work includes, also, a specimen or two of the female for-
tune-hunter."—Globe.
The scene is chiefly at Leamington.
Published for H. Colbnrn by R. Bentley, New Burling-
ton -street.

COLDS, COUGHS, ASTHM AS, So;
BUTLER'S PECTORAL ELIXIR.-
Experience has incontestably proved the superior
efficacy of this Medicine in all cases of Colds, Coughs,
and Asthmatic Affections. By promoting gentle expec-
toration and acting as an Anodyne, it very shortly relieves
a recent Cold, and a few doses are generally sufficient to
remove those which neglect has rendered more confirmed
and obstinate, and which are accompanied with Cough,
Spitting of Blood, and other serious symptoms. In bottles
at Is. 1.1. and 2s. 9d.
BUTLER'S BALSAMIC LOZENGES, used in recent
Coughs, Hoarseness, &c., and for rendering the Voice clear
and flexible, and protecting its organs from the effects of
exertion. In boxes at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.
BUTLER'S PAREGORIC COUGH PILLS, for the
relief of chronic cough, difficulty of breathing, asthmatic
and consumptive affections; they are more especially
adapted to telay the cough which so frequently occurs
during the night, and deprives the patient of sleep. In
boxes at Is.
Sold by Butler, Chymist, Cheapside, corner of St.
Paul's ; Savory and Co., 136, New Bond-street ; Sanger,
150, Oxford-street ; Willoughby, 61, Bishopsgate-street ;
and most Dealers in Patent Medicines.

FOR the CURE of COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMAS,
SHORTNESS of BREATH, &c. &c.
ALTER'S ANISEED PILLS.—The
numerous and respectable testimonials daily re-
ceived of the extraordinary efficacy of the above Pills, in
curing the most distressing and long.established diseases
of the pulmonary and respiratory organs, induces the
Proprietor to recommend them to the notice of those af-
flicted with the above complaints, conceiving that a Me-
dicine which has now stood the test of experience for se-
veral years, cannot he too generally known. They are
composed entirely of balsamic vegetable ingredients, and
ate so speedy in their beneficial effects, that in ordinary
eases a few doses have been found sufficient ; and, unlike
most Cough Medicines, they neither affect the head, con-
fine the bowels, nor produce any of the unpleasant sensa-
tions so frequently complained of.
The following Cases are submitted to the public from
Many in the Proprietor's possession:—
"K. Boke, of Globe-lane, Mile-end, was perfectly cured
of a violent cough, attended with hoarseness, which ren-
dered his speech inaudible, by taking three or four doses.
E. Booley, of Queen-street, Spitalfields, after taking a
few doses, was entirely cured of a most inveterate cough,
Which he had had for many months, and tried almost every
thing without success.
Prepared by W. Walter, and sold by I. A. Sherwood,
No, 55, Bishopsgate Without, in boxes, at Is. lid., and
three in one for 2s. 9d. ; and by appointment, by Chand-
ler, and Co., 76, Oxford-street ; Green, No. 42, White-
chapel-road ; Prout, No. 226. Strand; Sharp, Cross-
street, Islington ; Pink, No. 65, High-street, Borough;
Allison, No. 130, Brick-lane, Bethnal-green ; Farrar,
Uplace, Commercial-road ; Hendebonrck, 326, Hol-
hoPrthn Emerson, Bath place, New-road ; and by all the
Wholesale and Retail Medicine Venders in the United
Kingdom.
N. B. In consequence of the increased demand for this
excellent Medicine, the public are cautioned against Coun-
terfeits. None can be genuine unless signed by I. A.
Sherwood on the Government Stamp, and W. Walter on
the outside Wrapper.
Be sure to ask for " Walter's Aniseed Pills."

ANECDOTE OF BOSWELL.—In her 6' Me-
moirs of Dr. BURNEY," Madame D'ARBLAV gives an ac-
count of her unexpected interview with BOSWELL, when
that singular mixture of talent and assurance was gather-
ing his materials for his " Life of Johnson :"—" Almost
forcibly stopping her in her path, though making her an
obsequious bow, ' I am happy,' be cried, to find you,
Madam, for I was told you were lost—closed in the un-
scaleable walls of a royal convent ! But let me tell you,
Madam,' assuming his highest tone of mock-heroic, it
won't do. You must coma forth. Madam ! You must
abscond from your princely monastery, and come forth !
You were not born to be immured like a tabby-cat,
Madam, in yon august cell ! We want you in the world.
And we are told you are very ill. But we can't spare you.
Besides, Madam, I want your JOHNSON'S letters for my
book !' Then, stopping at once himself and his hearer, by
'spreading alavad both his arms, in starting suddenly be-
fore her, he energetically added, Fur the book, Madam ;
the first book in the universe !' Swelling, then, with in-
ternal gratulation, yet involuntarily half laughing, from
good-humouredly catching the infection of the impose
which his unrestrained self complacency excited in his
listener, he significantly paused ; but the next minute,
with double emp'aasis, and strong, even comic gesticula-
tion, he went on I have every thing else—every
thing that can be named, of every sort, and class, and de-
scription, to show the great man in a'l his bearings—every
thing except his letters to you ! But I have nothing of
that kind. I look for it all from you. It is necessary to
complete my portrait. It will be the first book in the
whole universe, Madam ! There's nothing like it !' Again
half laughing, yet speaking more and more forcibly ;
There never was, and there never will be ! So give me
your letters, and I'll place them with the hand of a
master !"

"The General of Infantry, Commander-in-
Chief of the Citadel of Antwerp."
(Here follows the correspondence between General
Chasse and Marshal Gerard, already published.)
The foregoing report of General Chasse was despatched
from the citadel at noon, and arrived at half-past six at
Bergen-op-Zoom. The Cadet of Marine, who was the
hearer of it, relates that, arriving at the Fort du Nord, he
heard 12 consecutive reports of heavy cannon, and an ex-
plosion, which he supposed to he the springing of•a
mine—it appears erroneously, as it was the blowing up
of a dike.

(From the Breda Courant, Dec.
.3.)

BREDA, DEC. 2.—According to yesterday's accounts
from the citadel of Antwerp, they continued firing at the
enemy's works all night long, both with cannon and bombs,
whereby some houses, occupied by the French, were burned
to the ground. The French have not yet answered the
fire from the citadel.
There are no other accounts from the left b ink of the
Scheldt, except that the enemy was strongly increasing
there, and busy erecting a battery near the Fort de Pare!.
DEC. 3.—The maiLboat, which left the citadel on Sa-
turday, has been annoyed by continual volleys of musketry,
from the French at Fort St. Marie. Happily no one has
been wounded ; the sai!s were perforated all over by the
bullets. Of the manner in which this violation of the free
catnmunication with Holland, by the Scheldt will be taken
up by our General Chasse, no doubt we shall soon hear
more. We hear from Antwerp that the French fire their
muskets the moment they see any one on the decks of the
ships stationed before the fort. The compliment is, how-
ever, promptly returned to those who too adventurously
appear on the dike.
(Private Correspondence of the Handelsblad, Dec. 4.)

" ANTWERP, SUNDAY, Two o'CLocx, e.m.—After
the firing from the citadel of Antwerp had been con-
tinued all the preceding day and last night, only at in-
tervals, the bombardment of the works of Marshal Gerard
began this morning with great vehemence, and continues
to this moment (one o'clock). No shot has yet fallen on
the city, although it is said that Marshal Gerard has not
accepted General Chase's proposals; probably they are
still treating about them. The first besieging works of
Gerard are entirely destroyed by the fire from the citadel,
while the inundations caused by the blowing up of the
dike near Fort Burght are immense, and have rendered the
position of the French, dismal enough as it was, consider
ably worse. The number of French killed and wounded is
stated to be very considerable."

FORT LIEFIZENSHOCK, Nov. 30.—About 10 o'clock
this morning, a French officer, attended by a trumpeter,
appeared at the South Sluice, announcincing himself to
the outpost as a flag of truce. Captain Hennij, the Go-
vernor of that fort, sent Second Lieutenant Keizer, of the
Engineers, to inquire what he wanted. Th, flag of
truce, who seemed to belong to the staff, desired to
speak to the Governor of the fort, and accordingly was
blindfolded, and then conducted in, before the Council of
Det nce, convened for that purpose by the Governor. In
a long speech, plentifully interlarled with French com-
pliments, the flag of truce summoned, in the name of
General Sehastiani, the fort to surrender, in consequence
of the stipulations of the treaty of the 15th November,
1831, to which he added his own persuasion that Gen.
Chasse, with whom Marshal G rard had entered into ne-
gotiations, would certainly be saving of the blood of Hol-
land's sons, so valuable to her, to surrender the citadel
on the Marshal's polite invitation. Captain Hennij, in a
few words, replied that he would never surrender the
fortress intrusted to him, except by order of his Govern-
ment. After a few more formalities the flag of truce set
off with this answer, and was conducted by the Second
Lieutenant of infantry Joast to the other side of the South
Sluice.

THE HAGUE, DEC. I.—ln the Sitting of the Second
Chamber a Royal Message was presented with a project
of law containing improvements in the regulation of the
excise on sugar.

The situation of our army remains the same. The
inundations and means of defence were daily increased.
The health of the troops is excellent. The French are
numerous on the Belgian frontiers.

We learn from the Scheldt that the French troops near
Forts St. Marie and Pearl have been reinforced.

DEC. 3.—Accounts from Bergen-op-Zoom of Satur-
day evening say that the French troops on the Flanders
side had kept up a constant fire on the Post yacht,
which had arrived from the citadel of Antwerp ; the
firing was answered from the Cornet corvette stationed
at the Pipe de Tabac.
DEC. 4.—Accounts from Stela of the 33 December
say that, on the Ist in the afternoon, about 1,000 French
cavalry appeared at Nispen, the guard advancing within
half a league of Rozendaal.. The French retired towards
evening.
In the Breda Courant of to-day we read that, in the
environs of that city, a heavy cannonade was heard in the
direction of Antwerp, from six in the evening of the 2d
to three in the mottling of the 3d. Fire-balls (or rockets)
are seen to ascend in the same direction.

Captain P. H. Bos, who has arrived in the Texel,
from Surinam, reports that, off Scheveningen, about 13
miles out at sea, he was chased by a frigate (probably
French), but that, by favour of the night and the good
sailing of his ship, be escaped. The following morning
he saw that the frigate had lost its topsails.
AMSTERDAM, DEC. 2.—At the call of our King—the
more revered as the Prince, the most loved as the father
of his country--the congregations of the several religions
confessions met in their temples here, and in the whole
kingdom, to invoke the aid which has never failed in the
most critical times—whose inscrutable wisdom often tries
the just, but, at his own good time, puts down the inso-
lence of the oppressor.

DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, DEC. 3.
Actual Debt, 2% per cent 68% to 3914
A inort Syndic, 4% per cent 641 to 6514
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 95% to 96M
Ditto, 1832, 5 per Cent.
Exchange on London, one month, .. ......
Ditto, two months l2 05

WASHINGTON IRVING'S NEW SKETCH
BOOK.—" THE ALHAMBRA." The North American
Reviewers open their new number with an able article on
the new work of their distinguished countryman. "It is
marked," they say, " substantially with the qualities that
distinguished his former productions of the sme class,
excepting that there is no mixture of the pathetic. The
tour throughout is light and pleasant, and the tales are all
of a comic cast. We are not sure that this tone is quite
in keeping with the character of the subject; and if there
be any defect in the general conception of the work, it
consists in selecting the ruins of a celebrated ancient
palace, which seem to le id more naturally to grave medi-
tations on the fall of Empires, and the melancholy musings
on the frailty human greatness, as the scene of a series
of sportive caricatures and c mic stories. In all this there
is perhaps some little incongruity ; but the spirit and
beauty of the style render the work so agreeable, that in
reading it, we forget the defect, if such it can be cal'ed,
of the plan, and would regret to have it any other than
it is.

PERTH SHIPPING.—Thii week,
although
the spring tides are not far advanced, we have forty-five
brigs, schooners, and sloops, loading and delivering their
cargoes ; ten of them taking in potatoes for the London
market, and three unloading mature from London. This
last is a new branch of business, and is already carried on
to a considerable extent. The building of vessels appears
to keep pace with the increasing number that frequent the
port. There are now :in progress in the building yards a
brig of 170, another of 160, a schooner of 85, and a
sloop of 65 tons register.—Perth Paper.

Sir JOHN SCOTT !Arum now stood forward, and was
very well received by the meeting. He was in favour of
an abolition of tithes, or, at least, that the poor
:hould have that portion of them which was originally in-
tended for their support. He also thought the ministers
of each religion should be paid by their own flocks.—
(Cheers.) He was likewise in favour of triennial Parlia-
ments and vote by ballot.—(Cheers.) He would just re-
mind the meeting that certain opinions had been reported
to have been professed by Mr. Byng. Now, if Mr. Byng
would come forward and deny that he had uttered those
opinions, and say that be entirely agreed with Mr. flume
in all the great questions he advocated, he (Sir J. S. Lillie)
would at once retire from the contest.—(Cheers.) The
other candidates had refused to give pledges, but it unfor-
tunately happened too often that those who refused to give
pledges were generally pledged at the wrong side ; and
thus Lord Henley would not allow one farthing of Church
property to be alienated from the purposes of the Church,
while Mr. Byng was decidedly against vote by ballot.—
(Cheers.)
An ELECTOR begged to ask Mr. Hume his opinion re-
specting the abolition of slavery, and also whether be was
favourable to universal suffrage.
Mr. Hume, in reply, referred to a former speech of his
at the London Tavern, and in which be declared himself
the opponent of all slavery ; but still, as slavery was the
sin of the nation and not of the planters, he thought that
the case of the latter should be taken into consideration by
Parliament. With respect to suffrage, he saw that for-
merly every person who paid taxes, or was liable to be
called on for military service, was entitled to a vote. This
he thought a good criterion, but he would extend it also to
every householder, whether to the value of 51. or Si. he
would not say, but certainly the present suffrage did not
go far enough, and required to be extended.

Mr. AUSTIN asked if Mr. Hume would make a motion
to separate Church and State, or if he would support such
a motion if made by another.
Mr. HUME thought the connection between them cal-
culated to corrupt the religion of the Established Church.
He should support the removal of the Bishops from the
House of Lords, and the removal from the Magistracy of
all Clergymen whatsoever. He should also support the
suppression of every political interference between Church
and State.

Mr. Hume than retired from the meeting amidst the
plaudits of the electors.
Mr. LAWLESS then addressed the meeting at some
length in support of the claims,of Mr. Hume and Sir
John Scott Lillie.

Mr. BARNS proposed a resolution to the effect that
Mr. Hume and Sir J. S. Lillie were the two most fit
and proper persons to represent the county in the next
Parliament.

The resolution was carried by acclamation.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman ; and the
meeting separated.
