should abstain from any thing which amounted to a menace.
But surely it was not offensive to say respectfully, that if the • .
emere
Colonial Authorities did not think proper to act, Parliament, --- gese.—
would exert its, undeniable right to legislate for all places (From the Etaile, dated Tuesday, Feb. 28.)
within the dominion of the Crown. If. the Colonies found that ST. PETEttenUttatt, E' en. 11.— . 13aron de Die,
Britain would not-interfere, not from .want of right, but from
it were beard in the Colonies, that his Majesty's Ministers had want of meanit, they would be sure notto comply. If, howeverd bltsch , p
Chief orthe Staff, lias justpublished the
•
pledged themselves to bring in .a legislative measure next year, following order of the day relative to the arrest
in the event offs continued disregard to the Order in Council
.1 . I - - '
good resulte might possibly follow, though he confessed he die of K tic lelb kec er :
not entertain any very great hopes. After the proposal which " St. Petersburgh, Feb. 7.—Tbe Cesarowitsch and Grand
had been made by the Right Hon. Secretary for Foreign Af. ~
e Constantine has just sent to the capital the individual
fairs, he would be rash in pressing his motion, particularly mit
when he considered the information which might be gained named Kuchelhecker, known for his guilty participation In the
upon the subject by postponing it. He would not, therefore,
events of the 14th (26th) of December. His Imperial Ilighnes4
press his motion ; but he trusted the Douse would believe that
he took the best course in not pledging himself one way or the has thought fit at the same time,- to make the Emperor ac-
other. Ile felt that little good was to be expected from delay,
being perfectly quainted with the laudable tea and penetration of the subaltern
convinced that the Colonies would no no nothing
unless Parliament interfered. He trusted lien would not be Officer Origorieff, of the Regiment of Guards of Volhynia, on
accused of inconsistency or -oe absadoping his words, Wafter this occasion. Being sent on business relative to the service, to
the recess, he brought the measure before the House.
the suburb of Frage, at Warsaw, Grigorieff met a stranger,
Mr. 13. t NKES followed Mr. Brougham with a few observe.
tions on the same side. who spoke to him, and who appeared the more suspicious to him
as his face put hint in mind of Kuchelbecker; a description of
Mr. F. BUXTON was anxious to remove any impression
s
which might be conceived as to Ins being satisfied with the
whose person had been given to all the subalterna and privates
words of Alinisters on the present occasion. The reverse was
of his regiment. lie immediately took him before his officers,
the fact; he felt quite mortified and disasepointed. It was said,
indeed, that there had been concession in the Colonies—and
that therefore the rights of the slaves. were enlarged ; but he and the identity of the suspected person was soon proved.
would offer the island of Tobago as an instance of the wretched 4., Ad a recoinpence for such conduct and sas
condition in which they were placed. How different was the
W gacity hi Imps.
state pleased to promote Grigorieff to the rank
state of East Indian slavery from that in time West Indies. By rlai Majesty
a decision of an East Indian Chief Justice, the important ques. of Ensign, placing him in the Invalid* of the Guard, and to
lion was settled that the absence-of a slave for six months from give hint besides a sum of 1,000 rubles. His Majesty has like-
the service of his master established his freedom ; while in the
his ' •
Westindiee, the punishment for desertion was seven years wise given orders to make excellent conduct known to the
transportation, or perhaps death. They were charged with hay. whole army."
Mg excited disturbance, and with having sent a picture descrip-
tive of the horrors of elaverv. But he could assure the House that OILIDEU OF THE DAY 91, TUE CurEF or Tlllt GriIEILAI,
he had never seen or heard of the book in which the picture ap. STAFF OF HIS MAJESTY Ti3E Estes:ll°a.
peered, until it was shewn him by a West Indian Proprietor.— - ' c ,
St. Peter:burgh, Jan. 20, (probably 0. S.)
He would consider such an expedient degrading to the muse , •
" At the time of the rebellion '
3 3U the regiment Tachrigoffe
which he advocated, and it was nut necessary for him to go so -
far back as the year 1782 for en exhibition of slavery, in all its the-Ist company of grenadiers of that regiment, commanded
wretchedness. bet those who would behold a picture of slavery, by Captain (now Major) Kosloff, unshaken in its •
fidelity to
in its most appalling shape, only look into the Ilerbice Report
of the last year, and they would get a view of the most atrocious the throne, separated front the mutineers, and having joined
anti debasing acts which could dishonour hutnan nature. The its real clikfs, zealously assisted in quelling the rebellion. To
Island of Jamaica at the present day would affbrd abundant in-
stances of the cruelty of the system. His Honourable Friend recompense its conduct on this occasion, his Majesty the Ern-
(Mr. Brougham) might rest assured, that at whatever time he ,peror has ordered that the whole of' this company, both officers
made btu motion, lie (M. Buxton) would be in his place to and soldiers, shall be transferred it Is • Guard.
The me egiment of the Guard.
support him.
..
The petition was ordered to be Minted. In consequence I announce this order to the whole army.
Mr. Secretary CANNING moved that the Resolutions of (Signed) " Baron DIEBITC11."
the House in 10 m
23 should be comunicated to the Lords, and
that they should be requested to concur therein.—Ordered. The Gazette- of the Senate publishes the fol-
'rbe Right Hon. Gentleman also moved, that a conference lowing Ukase, addressed by the Emperor to . the
should betlesired with the Lords.—Ordered.
Several Petitions were then presented against Slavery in the 'went-hint of the,
super;Palace of Zusakojcselo,
Colonies, and ordered to be printed. dated Oth of this mouth :--
Mr. IiOUGHAIII observed, that though ho did not nov
lenbaum with all the villages, far
le place of Gran , ms.
press the bringing in a Bill, he slid not therefere pledge him-
" TI
self not to adopt any other course which his judgment might and other dependencies, which are the personal property of the
suggest as expedient.
FORGERY. Emperor Alexamider, of •glorious memory, shall henceforth be
Mr. MARTIN moved to discharge the notice to mitigate e the property of her Majesty the Empress Elizabeth, our very
the punishment in cases of forgery, anti said, that on Thursday dear sistersin.law. In consequence, we order this 1 • and
next he would move to bring in a Bill to mitigate the punish- palace ment of death as applicable to that offence. The Hon. Member ' all its dependencies to be withdrawn front the superintendence
said he did this wit the view of exciting the attention of Gen- of the director of thepalace Zarskojeselo, and delivered up to
tlernen better calculated than he was to deal with the subject. . p
If any of those Gentlemen would take it out of his hands, which the proper person appointed by her Majesty to receive them.
which he supplicated them to do, he would lend them his most Till ,her Majesty shall have made know her pleasure on the
earnest support.
The Hex. MESit BE a then gave notice of a motion to-morrow subject, the superintendent of the palace of' Oranienbatun is to
for leave to bring in it Bill to alter the Election Laws of Ireland. keep the buildings, time establisluuents, and the household, on
HALF-PAY OFFICERS. the same footing as at present, and to pay the whole salaries
11r. HUME moved for Returns of the number of Officers sod
wages fth ill rand
o eoce s servants belonging to it."
promoted to unattached commissions in the room of those sold '
out; also for a copy of the General Order of 1025, authorising 1 To-morrow being the birth-day of the Grand Duke Michael,
the Isle of full and lmalf-pey commissions, the number of officers the Court f
goes out o mournl ng.
who had sold out, distinguishing' where they had served, and
whether they had obtained their commissions by purchase or His Excellency the Count de Modena has returned from
other wise. The lion. Member undeestood that it wee the practice Faris, ‘ for many officers, after promotion. to sell out their commissions.
In time case of half-pay, when old officers, who were not likely to Last Sunday Count Lebzeltern, the Austrian Ambassador,
live longer than a few years, were permitted to sell their emu- delivered to the Enipsror from hiasSovereign the Insignia of the
Inisalomi to very young men, the nation was necessarily but. ceder of - fit. Stephen.
thened with expence for a longer time than was fair or proper. oru
Mt. Secretary PEE!, maid that the readiness with which the, By an order of the day dated yesterday, Count Wittgen.
motion was agreed to shelved that there was no apprehension as ,• stein, cometender-iii-Cisief of the second army, is appointed
to what might result from it. He thought it rather odd that •
Colonel of the Hussars of Maiionpol, which are to be henceforth
the Lion. Gentleman should fix two years as the extreme point .
for the life of an old officer. called time Wittgenetein litmus ; and Count Oslen Sacken,
Mr. it UM E explaed. Ile said afire years not two years.
Commander In Chief of the firm, to be Colonel f the
Div. army,o
Mr. Secretary 'EEL had certainly beard front the lion. " "
Gentleman the words two or three years. Ouglitch regiment of infantry, which shall henceforth bear the
CANADA. name of'Count Sackee.
army,E moved far Returns of the Expences incurred in p p 2
Peals, Zn. I.—The Commission of Inquiry Instituted
the pay, and allowances, and other 'twittery expences of
Upper and Lower Canada, distinguishing the total expence or by the Emperor of Russia after the events of the 26th of De-
each year. The lion. Member laid, that limey years since he eernber, without having yet been able to conclude its labours,
had complained of the burthen which the expences of Canada
imposed on this countty. lie wished the House not to confine has, however, already discovered a series of facts which indi-
its inquiry to Canada alone, but to extend it to all our other cates the origin, the development, and the divers forms of the
colonies. lie made some general observations as to the ember-
raastnent which' the connection with Canada oocasioned.. secret association, the horrible designs of which, if they could
111 r. WILMOT HORTON replied, that it was perhaps im- have been accomplished, would have produced In Russia great
possible to give the estimates according to the particular dis. • •
great misfortunes. We will give a succiat and pre-
ees and
tinctions required. lie was bound to protest against the in-
mi
alienation, that there was the slightest disposition...on the part of Luminary view of these facts, all taken from time examinations
Canada to terminate its connection with England. The mo-
of time criminals themselves
and the confessions ,
don as confined to the affairs of Canada might be usful, and it
would be wise in the Hou. Gentlemen to confine himself to it. Their intentions were such, that the number of men who
The Returns were then ordered.
would have consented to participate in them and execute them
SIERRA LEONE. could not but he very limited.. For the honour of the Russian
Mr. HUME moved for Retitle, of time Number of -Euro..
peans, Civil and Military, sent out to the 'Western Coast of name, and to the joy of all good citizens, this consolatory
Africa, of the Number of Deaths; distinguishing those who died fact is proved to conviction. The circumstances which we are
anti otherwise; and also of the number of deaths among the • . besides, that absurdity ofthe plot
The to relate prove, the
Black Troops.—Ordered.
The other Orders of time Day were then' disposed of, and the- equals Its wickedness ; and to demonstrate that it could not
House adjourned at a quarter before Tee o'Clock. • succeed, it will.sufilie in a few words to show the incoherence
of all the plans of the conspirators, their hesitation, the manner
in which they themselves often shrunk back from their own.
projects, and the impossibility under which they found them.
selves of extending their principlee and their intrigues.
The first idea of this conspiracy was conceived by young
men of an ardent and wild imagination, who, led away
. ,
hy the pernicious examples of the revolution, of which En-
, rope has • been for 80 years the theatre, and seized with the
blind 'desire of overturning every thing which has signalized
by so many disasters the age in which we live, forgot the noble
traditions of true patriotism which were preserved in the bosom
of, the Russian nation, their moat sapped ditties to the sovereign
and the slate, the oaths they had taken and their place in so.
ciety, to indulge in the reverie of an absolute .reformation' in
Russia, and to combine in'the dark the means to accomplish
it.—lt results from what they have revealed—.
1. That for this purpose they laboured at the end of 1815
and the beginning of 11116 to form a secret association, which
was 'to be divided into numerouit branelmee, ihe object of which
was two-fold,
~.Its apparent object was benefieence; its real
object, known 0 e very small number of persons initiated iii the
secret, a political reform in the' empire.
2. 'flint it is so far back as 1017, the latter, as a fresh proof
of the sentiments which animated them, deliberated on the
tnanner of attempting the life of the Emperor Alexander, at the
moment when he came with his august family to visit that
capital which his exploits and his munificence had raised from
its ruins. The life of an adored Sovereign-appeared to them an
invincible obstacle to time execution of their projects. , They in.
tended to drew lots which oi'thenn should be the assassin, when
one offered himself voluntarily. But whether at the decisive
•instant the voice of their conscience struck them with terror, or
whether they- thought it necessary to mature their plans of
general subversion, they resolved tar defer this paricide.

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
NOTICES OF MOTIONS FOR THIS D.Y.
1. Lord J. Russell—Bili forlh'e better prevention of Bribery
anti Corruption in the Election of Members to sdrve in Par.

!lament.
2. 111 r. Denman—Notion on Papers ;elating to the Trials of
Skies for Insurrection in Jamaica which were presented to
Parliament during the last Session.
3. Sir Charles Long—Bill to consolidate the Laws relating to
Chelsea Hospital.
4. 11Ir. Dickinson—To move re-appointment of the Committee
on County Rates.
6. Sir J. Newvort.Account of the application of Sums granted
in the last Session for the furtherance of General Education-
in Ireland.

ORDERS OF THE DAY FOR THIS DAY.
L Lunatic Asylum, (Ireland) Bill—Report.
2, Cruel Treatmeht of Cattle Bill—Second reading.
3. Prison Act Amendment Ilill—Committee.
4. Promissory Notes Bill—Third reading.

AS'SIZ
,I NT ELLIG CNCE.

OXFORD CIRCUIT.-READINg, FFIU

CRONY sing.

James Streek was indicted for committing an assault.upon
girl, only, fifteen years of age. •
As soon as the prosecutrix advanced to the table for the par-
pose of giving her evidence, the prisoner, who was a. ruddy.
faced young countryman, was immediately seized with an um-
versa! tremor. His face L-.came a livid white colour; large drops
of sweat fell rapidly from leis brow; and after a short time,
while the evidence was proceeding, he fell senseless on the
front of the bar. Every means were taken to restore him, but
in vain. Animation seemed for a time suspended, and he was
removed into the open air. The medical attendant to the gaol
was them sent for, and, after visiting the prisoner, he was
examintd on oath by Mr. Justice Park as to his condition.—
lie stated that he believed he would not he able to understand
the proceedings otitis trial until to morrow, in consequence of
which the Jury was discharged, and Mr. ustice Park appoint-
ed the case for eight o'clock to morrow morning, before he Sets
out for Oxford.
Ann Davis was convicted of having concealed the birth of a
child. The charge of murder could not be substantiated, as
stheenrteenwee_as
Tnowopturooonfthosf
the
>risonmentv.ing been born alive.—
Im
Anthony Nunn and Mama, Light were found gulitY of
horse stealing.--Lhoth.

3. That in 1318, finding their association not sufficiently
extended, they again met at Moscow, and gave it a new orga.
nization, under the name of the Society of' Friends of the
Public Good, or of tke Green Book. This Society continued
to have a two-fold object; but all the Members were not only
to participate in acts of charity ; they were bound, at the same
time, to contribute to the progress of knowledge, and the fin-
,yrovernents of morals. This political.reform remained the secret
