SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The complexion of the facts relative to Portugal in the
Times of Saturday, was of an encouraging nature, so far
as concerned the military operations between the Consti-
tutionalists and the rebels. Every day the combatant
had been receding from the Portuguese capital, and ap-
proaching the frontier of Spain. Nor is it a circumstance
unworthy of remark, that this continued pressure upon
the insurgents was produced without the slightest co-
operation from the British troops, though, perhaps, assist-
ed in some degree by the moral influence of their known
arrival upon the general feelings of the nation. With re-
gard to the cool reception of the English forces, and the
apparent absence of all testimony in favour of the Consti-
tution, on the part of the inhabitants of Lisbon, it ought
to be recollected, that the mere mob of a city which has
hitherto been the seat of a despotic Government, cannot
;have habituated themselves, like the labouring classes of
nglishmen, to act in large bodies, or to express their
:Inclinations on public questions and events, with that
hearty and fearless openness which characterizes the
people of a free community. Under arbitrary Govern-
ments, any and every display of collective feeling by the
publicis systematically suppressed. The multitude is pro-
hibited from declaring a bias, favourable or unfavour-
able; upon political measures; because, if once suffered
to deliberate- upon what opinions they ought to form, it
is impossible to ascertain what will be the course of their
aeguments or their actions. A political constitution, of
which no fruits have yet been tasted by the mass of the
people, cannot be supposedto have taken a strong hold of
their affections. If the English come to support this new
Government, there can be no sound reason for expecting
that the friends of a system, whose benefits, though secure,
must be Comparatively distant, and therefore not well
*fitted to catch the eager applauses of an untaught race of
men, should be received on the instant with demonstrations
of popular attachment, especially when those friends ap-
i,tear in the guise of armed strangers, naturally the objects
of ;:ealousy-and distrust. The highest, and indeed all the
- instructed orders of Portuguese subjects, are decidedly ad-
vocates for the Constitution. The Grandees and Bishops,
to whom-a wide portion of dignity as well as power has
been:iniured in their qUality of Peers and Legislators for
the realm—these important bodies are committed to
Don Pedro, and . must sail with his. Regency or
perish. It, is, however, but fair to state that the
Constitution is defective in its provisiOns relating to an-
other class„ of Portuguese, inferior to the former in rank
end-importance, though still well worthy of conciliation.
The Grandees and Bishops have been embraced within
the most- flattering- action-of the Constitution; but the
provincial ilobility never were • thought proper subjects for
the -ceesses of the Court, and by some oversight, or inju-
Siieibus adherence to ancient prejudice, they have not been
courted by Don Pedro in this instance, by any extension
of constitutional prerogatives or honours. This class, there-
fore, who form in some respects, the " country gentle-
men" tif Portugal, have repaid, by discontent, the indif-
ference which has been shown to them ; and it is from
among their number, that several chiefs have been found
to excite and lead the insurgents. We are not, without
reason to hope that the error which has been made by the
exclusion of the country nobility from a power suitable to
their rank and pretensions, will yet be corrected and with-
out Much delay, so as to,bring them under the operation
Of a -similar zeal, in support of the Government, to that
Which-has distinguished the Upper Chamber at Lisbon.—
When once declared on behalf of the Government, there is
no danger -of their sentiments being perverted ; the
safe part then be to go on. 'As for an amnesty to
the rebel leader 4, We trust that no such proofs of weak-
ness; or treachery will be, exhibited by the advisers of the
PrincesS Regent.. It can 'only serve to encourage the in-
surgents, to disgrace the Government, and to. ruin the
cause. The chiefs ought to be, as we have urged already,
prescribed, and if seized upon, executed without hesita-
tioni, but- their miserable followers forgiven. We cannot
believe, what is nevertheless strongly affirmed in respect-
able private letters, that it was Marshal Beresford who in
person advised the amnesty, because his old friends and
old connexions being, as was indeed natural, among the
Ultras or Tories of Portugal, his Lordship was anxious to
save their lives from the executioner. If this be so, then
has Lord Beresford begun his system of interference by
awactwhich shows him .to be badly calculated for the
office of Commander-in-Chief, and still worse qualified to
combine with that important trust the other which he has
been seeking, it seems, of a sort of War Minister also.
For the question of expence to be incurred by the military
operations, in which our British troops are about to be
engaged, we believe it may be taken for granted, that the
rations and subsistence of our countrymen will be pro-
vided by the ally whom they have been called upon to
succour.—Times.

" The number of friars in Lisbon arid its immediate vi-
cinity is about 6000, of all sorts, nations, and orders."—
So says our Lisbon Correspondent ; and it is a fact which
speaks volumes upon the present occasion. To the popu-
lation of Lisbon, which does not much exceed 200,000, it
appears there are 6,000 ecclesiastics, while in London,
which contains nearly a million and a half, there are not
probably more than 500. Now, if the priesthood were of
Ilse in proportion to their numbers, one would naturally
infer that the people of Lisbon would be the most moral
and religious of the two. Without assuming too much
for our own capital, however, li-re may safely assert that
such is not the case, but that the 500 ecclesiastics of
London do more real duty, and produce more real effect

upon their congregations, and upon the population at
large, than twelve times that number produce upon one-
seventh of the number in the Portuguese metropolis.—
' But it is not the mere absence of good effect which is to
be deplored in an overgrown Catholic priesthood, but the
absolute mischief which they do, which is most to be la-
mented. If mere indolence and vice were all that these
people were remarkable for, much as such a state of things
must shock every minsi imbued with true religious
feeling, yet the evil, great as it would thus be, would
know its bounds ; but when we find these people the
emissaries of every thing but religion—that tinder the
cowl and the rosary, they are, in fact the indefatigable
enemies of civil liberty wherever they go—who can won-
derthat a nation cursed with such a tribe of incendiaries
should be plunged in civil discord, and opposed, as far at
least as the influence of those persons extends, to every
amelioration of their civil institutions ? We do not mean,
by these observations, to visit upon the Catholic priest-
hood, either in Portugal or elsewhere, all the errors and
the vices which beset religion; but this we would say,
that it is the nature of the Roman Catholic Church, and
more especially of its monastic establishments, to train
men up in a life of. indolence and intrigue, alike opposed
to the true-spirit and utility of the Gospel, and to the hap-
piness and welfare of society in its civil institutions. In
oar own establishment, there is no part of it so useless
RS that which is the remnant of its Roman Catholic ori-
gin ; and in our
supposed estimate of the 500 clergy of
the British metropolis,
meraries, the members weexelude altogether, as supernu-
of two establishments which
are open to that observation. But it is not with their re-
ligious functions that we would interfere. It is with their
intriguing political spirit that we would wage war; and we
fairly own, that we entirely despair of seeing any thing
in or any
like free institutions established in Portugal,
be other
country which has the misfortune ofg priest-ridden,
• and whose religion is made the cloakof selfishness and
slavery.—Morning Herald,
We cannot ask for a stronger corroboration of the re-
marks we made a few days since on the absurdity and in-
utility of allowing a multitude of Counsel to address the
Court day after day upon the same case, than what occurred
at the very same moment in the case which gave rise to
our remarks. here we have an instance of a number of
Learned Gentlemen exerting all their ingenuity in ha-
ranguing the Court from day to day ; but, in fact, like a
barrel-organ, constantly repeating the same succession of
tunes ; when the Judge, who has patiently listened to
their endless, tedious repetitions, very calmly suggests the

most obvious point in the case, but which had not oc-
curred to any one of them. Yet these prodigies of learn-
ing had been paid, we dare say, at the rate among them,
of fifty guineas an hour, for omitting the most obvious
and important feature of the case ; and excluding, by their
endless verbosity, a multitude of other suitors from being
attended to.—lbid.

We have had an opportunity of perusing two Madrid
letters Of the 16th inst.—one addressed to a Political Cor-
respondent in Paris, and the other to a Mercantile House
in the City deeply interested in Spanish affairs—the in-
formation in which we consider particularly striking, on
account of the coincidence in their views. They both
convey an assurance that the Government of King Ferdi-
nand is perfectly satisfied and free from all alarm, his Mi-
nisters having strong grounds for believing that the British
Cabinet will co-operate in a plan intended to introduce
certain modifications into the Constitution of Portugal,
such as may be sufficient to satisfy the wishes of the Por-
tuguese Royalists, allay the apprehensions of Spain, and
also reconcile the other Powers of Europe to the new or-
der of things established since the death of John VI. One
of the letters adds, that the assurances so given, or rather
the confident expectation entertained by the Government
of King Ferdinand, that such will be the result of the pre-
sent disagreements mid pending negociations, have mate-
rially tended to retard the movements of the various
corps ordered to the Portuguese frontiers; although the
efforts of the Monks and Friars, who have issued forth
from their Convents, to prepare the public mind in the
provinces, and preach that the Holy Catholic Church is
in danger, from a threatened attack of Heretics, in aid of
the enlistments going on, are by no means diminished.
A letter of the 24th, from Paris, also states, speaking on
the affairs of Spain, that, after long and urgent negocia-
tions between the British Envoy and the Spanish Govern-
.meat, the only point the former has been able to succeed
in, or, in other words, the only concession King Ferdi-
nand has been induced to make, has been the publication
of the Circular of the War Minister, addressed to the
Captain-Generals commanding provinces; a concession
agreed upon in exchange for solemn pledges given to
him by the Cabinet of the Thuilleries, that the British
Government will exert all its influence and use all its
good offices with the Emperor of Brazil, to introduce
certain modifications into the Constitution of Portugal,
so as to render it more palateable, and less dangerous to
his Catholic Majesty. The same letter adds, that it
is the boast of persons belonging to the Foreign Depart-
ment in Madrid, that the British Envoy has acknow-
ledged the impossibility of England's sustaining the prin-
ciples so inconsiderately avowed by Mr. Canning;
from which they conclude that, instead of Ferdinand
being obliged to resort to the locus pcnitenticr, it is the
Foreign Minister of England who has had to fall on his
knees.. Such, we can assure our readers, is the purport of
three political letters, from persons well versed in the di-
plomatic movements of the day, and we find- in them a
striking coincidence with the sentiments of a Madrid
letter in the jlaroniteur, in reference to the Spanish circu-
lar of the 13th of January. That letter makes use of the
following ominous words, " It is thought from this docu-
ment that our Cabinet now acts in perfect accordance with
France and Great Britain, not for the interests of the
Constitutional Regime against the Absolutists, but in
order to effect a pacification, in consequence of which
the Portuguese Constitution itself will be much modified,
and perhaps even abolished, as being manifestly at variance
with the feelings of the nation." If the Circular of the
Madrid War Office, made known on the 13th, is the only
satisfaction the united efforts of England and France have
hitherto been able to wrest from the obdurate Ferdinand,
this document, or its appearance in public rather, is ren-
dered more curious, by the fact, that the alleged defeat of
the Portuguese rebels on the 9th must, at the time, have
been known at Madrid, as a Courier from the spot where
the battle is understood to have taken place would
easily have reached the Spanish capital in two days and
a half. If this singular. paper has been deemed satisfac-
tory to the Cabinets of London and Paris, and removed
all the apprehensions excited by the hostile preparations of
Ferdinand, or even if the reinstatement of the Marquess
de Casa Flores in Lisbon has for the present been deemed
sufficient atonement for the armament and aggression of
the Portuguese Rebels, we are very much deceived if
either, added to the influence and united efforts of the
English and French Governments, will have sufficient
weight over the mind of the Emperor of Brazil to alter,
modify, or suspend the Constitution of Portugal; nor can
we ever be induced to think that the Lusitanian Cortes
would become parties to such a request. The paper, how-
ever—which the organ of the French Government tells us
is now to be considered as the Manifesto of Spain, although,
in its origin, it was no more than a set of instructions,
officially communicated by the:Minister at the head of the
War Department to his subalterns in the provinces, and
even of their date we have no positive information—has,
from the particular motive for which it was put forth, ac-
quired such an enhanced degree of importance, since it
first reached us, that we cannot resist the temptation of
,passing a closer opinion upon it. In this memorable State
Paper, we confess that we are unable to discover any
other than the character peculiar to all the documents
issuing from the Government of King Ferdinand.
After a pompous introduction, in many instances
foreign to the object of the orders intended
to be given, and by no means usual from a supe-
rior to an inferior, a confused series of proposed measures
follow, which no military ?r political man in the world
could possibly understand. The grossest pedantry is con-
spicuous in every line, and frequently an order is given
for an administrative measure in 'the style of a diplo-
matic note ; whilst the military commands resemble a
Pope's Bull, or a Firman of the Grand Seignior.—
Hence it is that, in Spain, seldom is there an order, or
a decree, issued, which does not require numerous ex-
planations, before it can be carried into execution, and
these! explanations again call for other eclaircissments
so that there is scarcely a measure ordained, however tri-
vial in its nature, which does not take a year before it
is properly understood and fit to be executed and obeyed.
How those, therefore, who have now their eyes on the
movements of the Spanish Cabinet, and are entitled to
explanations on the subject of hostile preparations which
hereafter may possibly endanger the tranquillity of
Europe, can be satisfied with the paper alluded to, it is
impossible for us to understand. The style seems
peculiarly studied, as well as guarded, so as to give
room for all kinds of interpretations. Hence it leaves
a door open afterwards to give satisfaction to any fo-
reign power that may demand it, such as may suit the con-
venience or temper of the Spanish Monarch ; whilst at
the same time it flatters the several domestic parties, by
consoling the peaceable with protestations of meekness,
and threatening the obstinate with the scourge of war.
Yet, after all, no positive conclusion can be drawn from it.
If the British Government at this juncture obtains over
the King of Spain such an imposing ascendancy as will
make him desist from interfering with Portugal, Ferdinand
will then act with moderation, and boast that his conduct
is guided by the public declarations he has put forth ; yet
of these same declarations will lie avail himself, if the ex-
cessive confidence of the British, as the allies of Portugal,
or the realized promise of future aid from others, should
encourage him sufficiently to avail himself of a pretext
that " Castilian pride has been humbled." This particu-
lar phrase, and others which have a strict analogy with
those used in his Councils by the martial Archbishop of
views b y t
h thee
Toledo, indicate the deep impression made on the mind of
the -Spanish Monarch and his Ministers,instigations
are
of the Apostolicals. With their
certainly in a perfect state of uniformity ; and if his mea-
sures are not already so prompt and decided as his wishes
are, it is because the political and financial situation in
which he -is placed compels him to make use of subter-
fuges, trusting in the end that they will prove equally sure.
i
Nothing, we again repeat, ! determined by the re-
peated assurance that he " will adopt measures to pre-
vent the contagion." These measures may eventually
tend to consequences the most invidious and alarming.

; Ferdinand allows that he gave an asylum to certain "Por-
i tuguese emigrants," whose conduct he thus seeks to palli-
ate, whilst at the same time he mentions " the sedition of
the 115 men, belonging to his own 4th regiment of cavalry,
as the first signal of the criminal attempts excited by the
innovation in Portugal." Further on, although he main-
tains a most profound silence on the subject of the strong
accusation directed against him, on all hands, for having
protected and abetted the Portuguese rebels, whom he
honours with the title of " emigrants," he does not fail to
proceeded the expeditions in-
name the place from whence
tended against Tarifa, Almeira, and Guadamar, as if
Portugal had any connection with them, or as if the British
Government, against whom the insinuation is directed, had
contributed to enterprizcs, weak and mad in themselves,
and, at the same time, so disguised, that the Govern-
ment of no free port could ever have prevented them.
In a compliment which he afterwards addresses to the
British Nation, he mixes up the fashionable ideas of legi-
timacy with a kind of malicious irony, no doubt to leave
room for a supposition that he is acting, on this occasion,
against it. He calls to mind the military glories of his
people ; he invokes Castilian pride and fidelity, as well
as the honour of the Monarchy; and then points out his
own arrogant determination of putting himself at the
head of his armies, should it he requisite. Nevertheless,
he does not forget to announce the extraordinary sacrifices
his people will have to make, again boasting his overawing
legitimacy, with an affected application. Nothing, after a
careful perusal, can we find pacific in the whole document,
nor in it do we notice a single line, or a solitary word, that
induces a belief that it is the cordial intention of the
Spanish Monarch sincerely to acknowledge the Govern-
ment of Portugal, or disarm the rebels by whom it is at-
tacked, in case they return to his territory. If the Portu-
guese Government is mentioned or alluded to, it is treated
only as the offspring of rebellious usurpation. What, then,
have we to counterbalance the insinuations and declarations
which we have above noticed ? Certainly nothing more
than the protestations of a faithless Monarch, avowing
that his intentions are to preserve peace—to maintain him-
self neutral in the domestic dissensions of Portugal—at-
tend to his own internal and external security—protect his
frontiers, &c. Let us for a moment suppose, that between
these protestations of peace and warlike vaunts, as above
described, there was an equilibrium perfectly established,
which certainly is very far from being our opinion,
what, we should like to know, is the natural conclusion
to be drawn ? We should answer, that after this me-
morable State Paper, pompously styled Manifesto by the
organ of the French Government, has met the eye of
Europe, England still remains in the same doubt and per-
plexity as before, neither having Ferdinand as an ally on
whom she can rely, nor as an enemy against whom she
can proceed to fight. In this case; therefore, we have
again to go back and take into account the consideration
due to the character of Ferdinand and his advisers, in order
to be in a situation to deduce what would be the imme-
diate consequences of this singular exposition, in case a
British force was not now landed on the banks of the
Tagus. This event, however, has not thwarted although
it may have delayed, the main object, dear to the hearts of
all the Apostolicals. The Spanish armies are now paus-
ing, arid do not venture to advance, yet in them we see no
other than enemies, armed with intrigues and conspiracies;
disguised whilst they consider themselves comparatively
weak, although prepared to act openly, whenever 'they
shall be sufficiently strong. At all events, whatever may
be the attitude they assume, they are the enemies of Por-
tugal, and consequently ours ; nor can we see in what way
the Emperor of Brazils, to whom the present liberties of
his native land are mainly due, can alter or derange the
most magnificent structure that was ever raised by a
Monarch.—Morning Chronicle.
The proceeding which at present attracts so much at-
tention under the name of the Wellesley Cause, has been,
by some of our contemporaries, transferred as it were,
from the high Court in which it is pending, to the juris-
diction of the daily and weekly Press. We do not follow
their example, partly because it is highly indecorous, as
well as illegal, to comment upon the merits of questions
concerning private rights, while they are awaiting the de-
cision of a competent tribunal, and partly, because the
nature of the facts, and the circumstances of the persons
involved in this particular proceeding are such, that we
cannot help regarding it as a misfortune that the eyes of
the whole kingdom have been turned to what has been as-
asserted, proved, or declared, in its progress. As the
investigation involved merely family transactions, we
see no good reason why it should not have been con-
ducted by the Counsel, Solicitors, and parties, in pre-
sence of the Judge alone, without inviting the attention
and curiosity of the public to what is much more likely
to taint than to improve. Wellesley is a name which
ought to stand high in the minds of all Englishmen,
and whatever tends to tarnish it, must be matter of general
regret. But though we are not silly enough to imitate
some of our contemporaries in deciding a question, which
it belongs only to the Chancellor, or the House of Lords
to determine, yet there are some general speculations,
which this proceeding has called forth, that require animad-
version. The Morning Chronicle, true to its old habit of
detecting, in every thing that occurs, new proof that
justice is worse administered England than any where
else, is delighted with the harvest of criticism which the
Wellesley cause affords to it. The first and great disco-
very which it has made is, that the jurisdiction, by virtue
of which the Chancellor interferes between a father and
a child who is a ward of the Court, is too monstrous to be
endured, and that it must lie the subject of immediate in-
quiry in Parliament. Whence comes this sudden flash of
wisdom? The jurisdiction is of remote origin; no Fer
complained of it; in no instance has it been abused;
in the present case it has not yet been exerted ; and if
it shall hereafter be exerted, all must allow that the exer-
cise of it has not been rash or precipitate. The notion
of our cotemporary seems to be, that there ought to be no
limit to the power of the father over the child : we are not
of that opinion. We can can conceive many cases, in
which it is highly necessary that the authority of the father
should be controlled by judicial discretion. They who
think otherwise surely forget that the legal power of the
father far exceeds any which nature confers on him ; for his
legal power is absolute and exclusive. The natural tie be-
tween the mother and the child, is at least- as strong as
that between the child and thefather; yet the law recognises
no parental authority in the mother. Cases are constantly
occurring, in which, in consequence of the misconduct
of the mother, her intercourse with her children is
restricted ; and instances are still more frequent in
which mothers submit voluntarily to restrictions in
order to avoid the exposure which would attend an appli-
cation to the Court. We confess we see no good reason
why either the natural or technical authority of the father
should be sacred from judicial interference, any more than
the natural authority of the mother. The interposition of
the Chancellor in those delicate cases is merely a branch of
that general jurisdiction which. the Court exercises for the
protection of the persons and property of infant wards ; a
jurisdiction which, though it goes on silently and
without noise, is administered with vast benefit to the
country, and affords security to thousands of families,
whose infant members would otherwise be exposed to
great risk of ruin. The ignorant men who raise a
clamour against the Court of Chancery, would be sur-
prised, if they could be made aware of the good which it
works, merely as a sure means of preserving and admi-
nistering the fortunes of infants, and directing the appli-
cation of funds fur their maintenance. Yet this is a
The Morning Chronicle is
branch of its business, which attracts little attention, and
which, because it makes no figure in the newspapers; the
public overlook altogether.
highly indignant with the Chancellor's jurisdiction, be-
cause the question now before that Judge is heard upon
affidavits : and our contemporary prefers the examina-
tion of witnesses. We do not mean at present to in-
quire, whether affidavits are, or are not, in all classes
of matters, a bad species of evidence. It is enough for
us to say, that it is foolish to make them a topic of im-
peachment against our equity tribunals. In this respect

Courts of Law and Courts of Equity are on the same
footing. In certain descriptions of business both proceed
upon affidavits; in others, affidavits will be received by
neither, and the testimony of witnesses, open to cross-
examination, is alone admitted. how absurd, then, it is,
to make the common practice of all our tribunals a matter
of exclusive blame against the Court of Chancery : nay,
this very practice has been, in some instances, introduced
into the Court of Chancery, by the express provisions of
statutes, when the general law of the Court would have
required a form of proceeding in which affidavits would
not have been inadrnissible.—New Times.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

HATTON-GARDEN.—A lad 16 years of age, named Wm.
Richardson, was brought up under a warrant, for indecently as-
saulting. Eliza Miller, a young woman about twenty-two, and of
particularly interesting appearance, who stated, that she lived in
the service of the defendant's father, at• No. 27, Coppice R0w...-
For some weeks past she had been annoyed by his continued im-
portunities, which at last broke out into acts of violence, particu-
larly on the evening of Thursday, when she was obliged, in the
temporary absence of her master, who Was at one of his ware-
houses in the city, to lock herself up for two hours. Her only
apparent remedy was the course she had adopted, and which had
been sanctioned by his father.—He was ordered to find bail.

LIVERPOOL COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.

Rums are in good demand, and about 300 punch,. have been
sold to the trade and speculators : Common Leetverds 3 0. P. at
2a. 6d. ; Jamaica, of tine flavour, 16 to 18 0. P. at 3e. 6d., and
25 0. P. at 4s. rr gallon.

The Cotton market has been steady throughout the week ; the
business has been chiefly in the American descriptions, for
which our last quotations have been obtained. A small lot of
Pernambuco has been taken for export. The total sales for the
week amount to about 10,600 bags, consisting of 7080 Bowed
bid. to 7d. ; 560 Orleans 7isl. to Bid. ; 290 Mobile and Ala-
bama 614 to 7 d. ; 250 Sea Island 114 d. to 1214. ; 30 Stained
ditto at 71d. ; 290 Pernambuco at 10d. to 101 d. ; 320 Marna-
ham at 9d. to 9id. ; 480 Bahia at 81d. to 91(1. ; 70 Para at Bd. ; 10
Barbadoes at 71d. ; 60 Demerara at 91d. ; 50 Carthagena at
;20 Cumana at 7id. ; 830 Egyptain nd. N Sid; 270
Surat at 5,11t0 6 d. ; 50 Bengal at Sid. 950 Sea Island an 4
150 Stained ditto are declared for auction on the 2d of February.
The arrivals are 2383 bags.

'We have again experienced a good demand for Tobacco, both
from the trade and for Ireland.—The stocks of good Hides being
much reduced, but little business has been done ; the sales this
week consist of 1350 dry salted Brazil Cow and Ox at (Sid. W
7d., and 210 wet salted West India at s&d. per lb.
Imported into Liverpool, from 20th to 26th Jan. inclusive, by 9
vessels from Charleston, 1 Leghorn, 2 Sicily, 1 Africa, 2 Smyrna,
I Malta, and 1 Dantzic.

Tar, American, 360 brls. ; Lime Juice, 7 punchs. ; Olive Oil.
26 casks ; Palm ditto, 115 casks ; Madder Roots, 341 bales;
Cotton, United States, 2,093; Malta, 290 bales; Rice, East
India, 41.0 bags ; Wheat, Poreign, 650 qrs. ; Currants, 139 butts
34 car. ; Argol, 13 casktra 'Valonia, 110 tone ; Shumac, 2,360
bags ; Barwood, 10 tonald Camwood, 31 tons ; Fustic, 4 tons ;
Brimstone, 73 tons; Yelkw Berries, 20 bales.
The very limited import of Turpentine which has of late been
received and is still expected, with the increased demand for the
manufactured article, bawd occasioned on the part of the trade a
greater desire to secure an additional supply at present rates ;
early in the week some considerable parcels of old import were
sold at 12s. to 12s. 6(1., since which about 3,000 barrels nos'
have been eold at 12s. 9d. to 13s. 3d. ; the total sales are
10,880 barrels, of which about 6,000 barrels are taken by the
trade, and the remainder on speculation; holders of fine parcels
now decline selling under 14,. to 14s. 6d.--In Tar no sales have
been made this week. Rosin has been in brisk demand Rt
6s. 6d., the manufacturers now. decline selling under 7s. to 7s.
3d. per cwt. The use of this article for making gas now appear'
likely to become general, it being found much cheaper than oil.
The transactions in Ashes continue very limited, the total
sales of the week scarcely exceed 100 barrels Montreal Pot at
265. (id. to 275. and 20 barrels Pearl at 275. 6d. with 50 barrels
second ditto at 225. 3d. ; 160 barrel.' States' Pearl (brand 1625
and 1826) have been sold at 275. 6d. to 28s. per cwt. A feiv casks
Philadelphia Bark have brought 12s. 9d. to 13s. In Dyewoods the
business is not extensive: 20 tons Campeachy Logwood at 8/.
155. to 9/. ; 70 tons Jamaica from the quay at 6/. 17s. 6d. ; of
Fustic 5 tons Cuba 10/. be. and 5 tons Spanish at 6/, 10s.
per ton, with 54 tons solid Nicaragua Wood at 191. per ton in
bond, and 16 tons Sapan Wood at 20/. 10s. in bond, are the only
' sales reported. A speculative demand for Rough Brimstone
peared early in the week, and 300 tons were sold at 6/. 10s. pet
toil ; yesterday 50 tons were offered by auction, and Si. 12s. 6d°
was the highest bidding, the parcel is held for 6/. per ton front
the quay. The inquiry for Madder Roots has subsided, a fine
parcel of Turkey was offered yesterday by auction, and bought
in, 40s. being demanded. New Sicily Shumate of fine quality rs
inquired for, about 2,000 bags have been sold at 11s. and a small
parcel of Trieste at 9s. ; Verona is held for Bs. 6d. per ewt. Gael
Valonia meets a steady demand at 181. to 181. 100. per ton. 'There
has been more inquiry for Saltpetre, and about 850 bags sold at
255. to 265. per cwt. A few casks Lime Juice have been taken
at 18d. per gallon.-Nothing done in Indigo. The only business
in Flax seed, is a small parcel of American old at 38s. and twenty
hogsheads new for sowing at 625. per hogshead, but the latter
price could not be realised in quantity.
Olive Oil continues in good request at rather improving prices.
22 tuns Gallipoli have brought 44/., and about 10 tuns Sicily
381. 10s. to 40/. per tun. Seed Oils are in limited request. Fib
Oils are steady, and about 40 tuns Newfoundland Cod sold this
week.-Pulm Oil is steady at 26/. 10s. to 27/. per tun, and
about 50 tuna sold at these prices.-Oil of Turpentine is stead,'
at 58/. to 60/. per tun.-The transactions in Hides have been prin-
cipally confined to dry salted Brazil, of which about 1400 have
been sold at 63-d. to '7d. per lb., with 210 West India salted at
Sid. per lb.-In Horse Hides nothing done -The sales of Rice
are unimportant, about 60 tierces Carolina at 21s. 3d. to 235.,
and ISO bags East India at 20s. per cwt.-The sales of Hemp
are trifling, hut prices remain steady.-Tallow has been rather
more enquired for, and some sales effected at better prices.
Our market for produce generally has been rather more ani-
mating than we have experienced it since the commencement of
the year, without any material alteration. in prices. The cony
pany's sale of Indigo, in London, goes off briskly, supporting the
advance realised at the commencement; in the meantime the
article is partly neglected here. But time importers have adver-
tised the whole of their stocks for Friday, 16th February,- and we
expect a good demand when the eale in London is finally closed-
-For Saltpetre there has been a fair demand, and about 800 hag,
have been taken at 255. 6d. a 265. 6d., being a trifling advance
and the holders are very firm at our highest quotations.-Nothing
done in Safflower.-At a public sale of Shell Lac, Turmeric, Onto
Arabic, and Munjeet yesterday, only a few lots of Shell Lac told
at irregular prices.
The operations in Plantation Sugar have again been on a small
scale, and the sale only ernounte to 400 hogsheads at steady prices.
In East India there have been about 300 bags good white dis-
posed of at 775.-Nothing done in foreign.-The transactions in
Molasses are confined to 100 puncheons Demerara, off the quaYo
at 275. 6(1.-At the sale of Coffee brought forward, only a fell
casks found buyers, and by private contract some small parcels
have been taken by the growers at former rates.-No sales in
Cocoa, Ginger, Pepper, or Pimento.-In Rice 30 casks Carolina
at 21s. 3d. a 225. 9d., in bond, and a few casks screened at
375. 6d. a 385., duty paid ; 180 bags East India, at 20s. in bond.

COUNTRY CORN MARKETS

DURING LAST MEEK.
