RECOGNITION OF TEXAS.

-------
The Committee of the— Anti-slavery Society baying
transmitted to Lord Palmerston their resolutions on the
re•
subject of the recognition of Texas, his Lordship has
turned the following answer :
1
Foreign Office, Dec. 14, 840.
" Sir,-1 am directed by Viscount Palmerston to
se
.
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the ithresoibna
l ut
dressed to his Lordship, transmitting a copy of
which the Committee of the British and Foreign Ant
ir
i.
slavery Society passed on the Id inst., expressing the
concern that her Majesty's Government should have en-
tered into a commercial treaty wish Texas, and protesting
against the recognition of the independence of that 10-
public by Great Britain.
am, in reply, directed to state to you, that Lora
Palmerston very much regrets that the Committee sboulti
take this view of the measure which has been adopted by
her Nlajesty's Government in regard to Texas ; but that it
does not appear to Lord Palmerston, on the one hang, that he
refusal of Great Britain to conclude a commercial treaty wit
Texas would have had any effect in inducing the Texanr
to abolish slavery within their territory ; nor, on the othe
hand, that the conclusion of such Treaty can have th.
effect of affording the Texans any encouragement W Con-
tinue the condition of slavery as part of their law.
" It may indeed be hoped that the greater intercouree
between Great Britain and Texas, which will probably re-
sult from the Treaty, may have the effect a suitigatinto
rather than of aggravating, the evils arising (Mot the legal
existence of slavery in that republic.
" Lord Palmerston desires me to mention, that you ap-
pear to be under a misapprehension as to the state of the
relations between Great Britain and Hayti ; inasmuch se
Great Britain has actually concluded a treaty with filaytie
odsee.niat,
,
as an independent State ; and I hare the satisfactioa
treaty is the
l asuppression
:,
acquaint you, that the specific object and purpose of
that
STirre,
d
gdl E
youroi most
oithe slave trade.
r s
Esq., ..LEVESON-
Te J. ~ Secretary to the how
Slavery Society."
