zhie aun.

LONDON:
MONDAY EVENING OCTOBER 23, 183%

The speech of Lord DURHAM, which was delivered
on Tuesday last at the first public dinner of the North
Durham Reform Society, is one which will excite
Much attention ; for his Lordship stands out in the
front rank among the Reformers of the dayyand has,
as he himself tells us, been the subject of gross mis-
representation ; in fact, condemned alike by ultra-
Radical and ultra- Tory. This we do not wonder at—
indeed we should be surprised were it otherwise—for
the Noble Lord holds the safe mean between the two
extremes, as will be-evident on a perusal of his speech,
which is of a bold and manly, but temperate
and constitutional character, such as a British
statesman should deliver, and a British audience
should listen to. But while we give his Lordship's
speech this general praise, we cannot but say that there
are parts of it to which we decidedly object. For in-
stance, he tells us, " I am attached to hlonsehold Suf-
frage, Vote by Ballot, and Triennial Parliaments, but
though I shall ever be ready to declare that attachment
in my place in Parliament, I never can, and never will,
force them dogmatically on the consideration of the
Government or the country. However unchangeable
my attachment to these principles may be, if, on a
division, this meeting were to decide against me on
any, or every, one of them, I would not press them on
your consideration, any more than I would press
them on the consideration of the people before they
were prepared to receive them." Now, if we under-
stand anything of the English language, the meaning
of the above passage is neither more nor less than
this :—I am warmly attached to three great political
questions, which I think indispensable to the welfare
of the country ; but though I cherish this attach-
ment from deep-rooted conviction, I would not for
worlds endeavour to impress the people with the same
feelins ;' no, I would rather leave them to draw their
own unbiassed conclusions, in the hope that one day
or other they will come round to my own way of think-
ing.—lf this he Lord DURIIA NE's meaning, and we
strongly suspect it is, we must frankly beg leave to tell
him, that the course which he proposes to pursue, as
regards Household Suffrage, the Ballot, and Triennial
Parliaments, is one from which no benefit can possibly
accrue to the commttnity. If, as he says, he regards
the carrying of these measures as indispensable to the
furtherance of Reform, surely lie should actively be- •
stir him Self, and exert all his influence in their fa-
vour ! He should not be content with merely holding
:hem, but should endeavour, at every suitable oppor-
tunity, to impress their imperative necessity on the
minds of others. Of what use is it to us that Lord
I)pairAM acknowledges and feels a truth, if he will
not give all possible circulation to that truth ? It is
not thus that neat questions are hurried forward to a
fortunate issue. If we are convinced ourselves of the
justice of a certain political measure, it is our bounden
duty to endeavour to impress others with the same convic-
tion —more especially is his Lordship bound to do so, fur
no roan stands higher in the estimation of the Reformers
than he does, and if he recommend a cold and cautious
and dilatory line of conduct, he may rely on it that he
will find hundreds ready and willing enough to follow
his example. What we now most need—what we
now most desire to see on the part of British state
men—are promptitude and energy. Backed by these
requisites, our leading Reformers may do every
nothing. We are sick of
thing ; without them,
the bide-your-time principle. It has no mean-
ing at a stirring period; and leads to all sorts of
delusions and disappointments. Either the three
_great questions which Lord DURITANI advocates
are necessary, or they are not. If necessary, then let
!lin: argue them—let him insist on thorn—let him
battle for them—without a moment's delay. But to
wait till the people are prepared to receive them—was
ever such infatuation ? How should they ever he pre-
pared, if these who are best fitted to enlighten theta
shrink from the task of instruction.?

.....
We hazard these cursory remarks in no disrespect-
ful spirit to Lord DURHAM. We know—and have
long known—his great public worth ; that he is sin-
cere in his Pttachment to Reform, and would fain see
it progressing as it should do. He should bear in
mind, however, that to be impressed with a strong
political conviction, and not to enforce that convic-
tion, is to be guilty of a dereliction of public
duty. How could we ever expect to see the Ballot
carried, if its advocates, instead of writing for it,
speaking for it, and struggling for it, were to say, one
and all—" we will not be dogmatists ; we will not strive
to enlighten the ignorant, and remove the prejudices

of the biL;ott,,d ; but !et the question take its emir e,
and trust for its success to the chapter of accidents."
Doubtless the Tories would thank us for such
luke-
warmness ; but would they show it themselves ? Have
they ever shown it on any great question where their
own interests were concerned? Not a bit of it. They
are active enough then, anti so should we be—parti-
enhaly on such a measure as the Ballot, without which
the Reform Bill a we have lately had too much rea.-
son to know—is but a dead letter, Let tis itatir ottr.
selves, then, promptly and actively, ort this great
question, the netedsity of whith, as Lord Dom AM
has justly ohserved, is now placed beyond a doubt.
His Lordadiip's allusions to the Tories, and his exhorta-
repkte with the tritest eloquence) to the peopk, to
foim Reform Societies in every dittriet of the kingdom,
were in the best possible spirit. Equally admirable were
his remarks on Ireland, which will thrill to the heart of
every Catholic in that kingdom. Spea4ing of Minis-
ters, the Noble Earl said, 14 my confidence in Lord
M ELBOURNE is such that I believe you may safely
trust him. I speak independently. lam in the service
of the Crown, but I am not a Member of the Govetn-
ment. I know nothing of their councils. I

look only to their public proceedings, and at the
character of their head, and I shall be much
disappointed if you do not, at the ensuing Ses-
sion of Parliament, see them pursue a course
that will secure to them the respect, the esteem,
and the confidence of all classes of Reformer,, be
their opinions what they may." We . believe there is
much truth in these remarks. Ministers are entitled
to cur confidence ; but while we say this, we at the
same time exhort the people to keep a sharp look out
a-head, and by 'toucans to indulge in that blind security
which is the result of over•confidence. They must
act as if they had none to trust to but themselves.
If they desire the Ballot, they must struggle for it
themselves. If they wish to see justice done to Ire-
land, they must themselves insist on it. If Church
Reform, and Law Reform are dear to them, it is by
their zeal, by their unanimity, by their perseverance,
that these blessings must be secured to them.
Since the above remarks were written, we have been
informed by a gentleman who was present at the North
Durham Dinner, from the accidental circumstance of
his having arrived the day before at Durham, and who
is quite unconnected with politics, that nothing
could exceed the enthusiasm with which Lord
DURHAM was received by a very large company,
composed of the most respectable and influential gen-
tlemen of the county and neighbourhood. The tribute
of praise, in particular,. which he bestowed on Mr.
HUTT, whose valuable services we trust to see soon
restored to the cause of Reform by a Committee of
the House of Commons, was received with the greatest
enthusiasm.

In referring on Wednesday last to various commu-
nications received by us on the subject of her Majesty
Queen VICTORIA'S visit to the City of London, on
the 9th of November, we suggested to the Privy
Council the expediency of issuing an order com-
manding that the day of her MAJESTY'S first visit to
the capital of her dominions should be observed as a
holiday. We are glad to find that our suggestion to
this effect has met with very general approbation,
and that measures are about to be taken by a respect-
able body of citizens, which cannot fail to obtain
for it the attention of her MAJESTY in Council. At
a meeting of the Police Committee of the Common
Council of the City of London on Saturday, Alderman
VENABLES, who filled the chair, proposed that the
Committee should recommend to the Court of Alder-
men the appointment of the 9th of November a holi-
day in the city, .which was instantly agreed to—the
Committee expressing their hearty and entire approval
of such a measure. Now, under no circumstances
can it be contended that a holiday is more necessary
in London than in Westminster ; and if the Court of
Aldermen agree to make an order for closing the
shops in the city, the Privy Council will be in
duty bound to extend a similar opportunity of
expressing their devotion to their young and be-
loved SOVEREIGN, to the inhabitants west of Tem.
ple-bar. Besides, as we before stated, it will be
impossible for bankers to keep open their estab-
lishments without hazarding the loss of immense
property—a risk to which we are sure our gracious
QUEEN would not willingly see any portion of
her faithful subjects wantonly exposed. Shopkeepers
though not exposed to the hazard of such heavy losses,
will require equal protection—namely, an authority to
shut their shops w.ithout injury to themselves, or dis-
appointment to their customers. The appointment of
the 9th of November a general holiday within the city
and suburbs of London will put an end to all dis-
putes between the employers and the employed—
will afford the opulent an opportunity of in-
dulging, without risk to themselves, the loyal
enthusiasm of those depending upon them ; and will
quash the incipient jealousies of the inhabitants of
London and Westminster. It ought to be borne in
mind that for several hours in the day, the shops along
the whole line from St. James's Palace to Guildhall
must he closed. Now it is the closing of their shops
v.ithont the previous knowledge of their customers
that is really injurious to the shopkeepers. To obviate
this injury, there is no remedy but that which we have
pointed out—the appointment of the 9th of November
a solemn holiday.

In another part of our paper will be found the
speech delivered by the Rev. Mr. STARK, at the late
Reform Festival, held at Inverness. The toast which
the Rev. Gentleman proposed, " The National Board
of Education," led him naturally to contrast the policy
of the two parties in the State who have had the ma-
nagement of our public affairs. The picture whiA.
he has drawn cannot fairly be said to he overcharged
on either side.
.The Tories may, perhaps, not much
relish the severe truth which the artist has infus,id
into the piece—particularly when they consider the
flattering likenesses which their family painters are in
the habit of furnishing ; but let them only examine
themselves i►upartially let them look a little into
their own doings, stripped of the false colours which
it is the business of party hirelings to lay upon them,
and we will answer for their acknowledging—in their
hearts at least—the force of the likeness. Their ambi-
dexter chief stands out from the canvass in prominent
relief, and if he make a pitiable figure when
plucked of the borrowed plumes in which he bed
arxayed himself, and reduced to the puny standard of his
own intrinsic dimensions, we can only say it is
the► fate which, sooner or later, awaits all who appro-
priate to themselves the merit that belongs to others.
Mr. STA RK, af:er mentioning the principal mea-
sures for which the country ►s- indebted to the Reform
Administration, such as the throwing open the India
and China trade—the abolition of Colonial slavery—
the granting of Liberal Municipal institutions to Eng-
land and Scotland—the Marriage and Registration
Acts—the mitigation of the sanguinary Criminal Law,
concludes the summary with the following emphatic
passage, in the justice and truth of which- we venture
to say there is not a well-informed man in the British
empire who does not heartily concur.

" These, Gentlemen, are but a few of the measures of im-
provement which have been introduced by the Reforming Mi-
nistry in the course of five or six years; and of nothilig am
I more certain than that if the Tories had been able to retain
their hold of the reins of government, they would not have
done as much good in five or six hundred years—( Cheers)—
nay, that they would not to the end of the world make one
single concession to the public freedom, and public happiness,
and the rights of conscience, unless it was extorted from them
by the public cry—that is, by the dread of losing their places."
(Cheers.)

The Reverend Gentleman then goes on to show

that certain measures of a liberal nature which the
Tories sometimes claim credit for as being passed
wider a Tory Government, were not granted by, but in
spite of that Government ; the repeal of the Test
and Corporation Acts having been opposed by.
the whole strength of the Cabinet, and the Ca-
tholic Emancipation having been yielded to the indig•
nant voice of Ireland, speaking through the Ca-
Idiotic Association ; and then only at a crisis when
Sir RouF,am PEKL declared, that though still as WitICII
opposed as ever to the policy of giving relief to the
Catholics, he acquiesced in it as the only means
of carrying on the Government, The observations of
Mr, STARK on the Ministerial plan for abolishing
Chorthqatcs arc well worth the attention of those who
profess themselves friends of the Church of Englantlw
After alluding to the scenes of irritation and strife which
the Church-rate contest is daily producing, and
the religious animosity which is thereby engendered,
he asks—let the advocates of Church-rates answer the
question—" Is this a state of things favourable to the
Established Church, or to the interests of true reli-
gion, or to the peace and prospetity of the 'com-
munity?"

The most interesting part, however, of this excellent
address is that in which the Rev. speaker enlarges upon
the system of national education now in pi ogress in Ire-
land. That system has been misrepresented and reviled by
the Tories and their organs, simply because while it
imparts instruction to, the ignorant, it is attended' with
the most beneficial effects in overcoming those preju-
dices, which have so long kept the Catholics and the
Protestants at variance, and which it is the policy of the
" Ascendancy" party to foster for their own selfish ends.
One of the false pretences put forth by the unprincipled
party who oppose national educatim in Ireland is that
it excludes the Bible from the schools ! Religion, say
these hypocrites, is totally neglected. Now, hear the
opinion of a sound and strict Scottish Divine upon
this important point :

"It is the fundamental principle of morality—it is immutable
justice, to give to all their due, and what are we to think
of a church which cannot afford to do this without ex-
posing herself to danger l—( Cheers.) Gentlemen, there
is no branch of the policy of her Majesty's Ministers
which is more virtually opposed by the Tories, and in
regard to which greater misrepresentation prevails than
the National System of Education in Ireland. Now, it is the
distinctive character of this system that its advantages are
open to all classes of the community—it gives no superiority to
one religious denomination over another. So much had I heard
of the irreligious, unscriptural, and Popish character of this plan
of education, asserted by those who ought to assert nothing but
the truth, and who ought to know that it is the truth before they
assert it, that I actually procured copies of the different books
appointed by the National Board to be used in the schools, and
after carefully examining them, I declare it to be my solemn
conviction, that the education supported by the Government
in In land is more imbued with Christianity—contains a larger
proportion of the religion and morality of the Bible, and of the
rca ling of the Scripture, than the parochial school education
of Scotland."

We have not time at present to dwell upon the fact
so important in its consequences—that out of be-
tween three and four hundred thousand scholars now
in the course of being educated in Scotland, only
sixty-four thousand belong to the parochial, or so
called " national" schools.

Letters and papers from Madrid of the 14th inst.
have been received. By a Royal decree of the 11th,
the Province of New Castile was declared to be no
longer in a " state of siege." The Cortes had passed
the Church Reform Bill, but the REGENT manifested
n 1 inclination to adopt it. On the morning of the
14th, a British courier arrived in Madrid with no
other covering than a blanket, having been robbed of
his horse, clothes, and despatches by a band of
Carlist Lancers. The despatches were addressed from
our Government to Mr. VILLIERS, our Ambassador
at the Court of Spain. This was the second robbery
of a courier by the Carlists in the course of a week.
Generals CA ROIsIDELET and LoRENzo have ad-
dressed despatches to the War Minister, giving a very
different account of ESPARTEItO'S gallantry at the
battle of Retuerta from that published by the magni-
loquent Commander-in-Chief. According to these
Officers the incapacity of ESPASTERO has hitherto
impeded the triumph of the QUEEN'S arms ; that
jealous of his subordinates he took every opportunity
of rendering their best concerted plans abortive ; that
he wilfully fatigued and dispirited his troops by use-
less, circuitous, and heavy marches through bad
'roads ; and that, when in presence of the enemy, he
sought rather to avoid than to court an engagement.
They concluded by tendering their resignations, as
they could not benefit the Constitutional cause while

subordinate to such a Chief, and their example was
instantly followed by Generals Van HALEN and
RIBEIRO. According to private letters the QUEEN
had accepted the resignations of the four Generals,
and that on the 14th, Generals ALDAMA and CA.-
RA TA LA—the latter an officer of no military repute=
had been named successors of two of the Generals
who had resigned.
The Journal des 'bats of Saturday has the fol-
lowing intelligence from Spain :
A letter from Burgos of the 14th of Oct. states that they
had been just informed by a dispatch sent off from Covarub-
bias on the evening of the 12th, that Don Carlos, with all his
staff, had set himself in motion, in order to take the way to-
wards Madrid again ; the troops which accompanied hi.n con-
sisted of 8,000 Navarrese, of tiso Castilian battalions, a Valen-

clan battalion, and a battalion called that of Algiers. This
dispatch stated, that the troops had on the 11th pushed for-
ward their advanced posts to Sargos and Castello, almost to
the banks of the Duero, and that it was probable that they

would continue to advance to the South of that river, taking
the direct' on of the Sierra'd'Altienz.t. The Burgos letter ex-
presses the greatest uneasiness for the future fate of Old Cas-
tile, as presaged by the present circumstances, which would
lead one to believe that it was in its turn now destined to be-
come the seat of the civil war. In fact, the Curlists are orga-
nisit', themselves there with the most imperturbable assurance.
TheCarlist Junta of San Leonardo is returned to instal itself
in that place, front whenee it has issued its orders for the levy
of a new contribution in men, money, and provisions.
It is true that Zariategui, with from three to four thousand
men under his orders, has quitted the country for a time, for
the purpose, it is supposed, of supporting the movement of
Don Carlos, with which intention he himself is marching in a
parallel line to the high road to Madrid, which he thus, as it
were, keeps in view. The famous Cure, Merino, moreover,
again appears upon the scene, and besides the considerable
forces which he commands, the influence which his old repu-
tation, and his advantage as compatriot, give him over the in-
habitants of the Sierra de Lerma, is much dreaded. His troops
consist of two Castilian battalions of 300 horse, a great number.
of recruits, and occupy the country between Ontoria de la
Cantera and 'Quintero, in the mountains. _

The Madrid Gazette of the 13th contains a Royal
decree, authorising* tl►e sale of the convent bells and
plate, for the use of die army. On the same (lay the
house of Oshea gave 5,0001. for the bells, which are
supposed to contain a considerable quantity of silver.
The following telegraphic despatches from Spain are
copied from the Moniteur of Saturday :
BORDEAUX, OCT.
.(8,..11.11.F-PAST 12, P. M.—According

x) the news of the 14th, from Madrid, the Pretender had

marched on the road to Aranda. On the 10th, Espartero
marched from Salas, in the same direction. Nothing impor-
tant had occurred at Madrid, but the elections were generally
in favour of the moderate party."
" NARBONNE, OCT. 20, RIX O'CLOCK, A.M.—(Perpignan,
19th, evening. )__The Baron de Meer, with four hundred
men, returned from Manileu on the 13th, to Barcelona, to re-
' establish order there. He was re-organising the national
guards. On his return several families who had taken r-Auge
on board the vessels In the 'roadstead, landed at Barcelona.
On the 11th Valencia was surrounded with small bands. The
mails from Madrid had not arrived for two days."
In a letter from Madrid of the 14th inst., published
by a Morning Contemporary, we find the following con-
firmation of the conclusion of the first of these de-
spatches relative to the progress of the elections; :
The moderate party have triumphed in the elections for To-
ledo, Burgos, Zamora, Leon, Salamanca, Logrono, &Man-
del', Asturias, Soragossa, Soria, Valencia, Murcia, Corunna,
Orense, Pontevedra, Lugo, Biscay, Navarre, Caceres, Cor-
dova, Almeria, Jaen, Seville, and Cadiz, in all 24 provinces.
The exaltados have been successful in Madrid, Ciudad Real,
Valencia, Avela, Albacete, Alava, Guipuscoa, Alicante, Gra-
nada, Malaga, and Huelva, in all 11 provinces. We do not
as yet know the result of the elections at Guadalaxara, Cu-
enca, Segovia, Valladolid, Huesca, Teruel, Barcelona, Ge-
rona, Tarragona, Lerida, Castellon, Badajez, or the B mlearic
and Canary Islands, but it is not too much to expect that one
half of them will vote in favour of the moderote darty.
Amongst the new members of the Cortes are to be found
Count Toreno, Martinez de la Rosa, Galiano, Barrio Ayuso
(Minister of Grace and Justice in the Isturiz Administration),
the Duke of Gor, Senor Lopez Ballesteros (Minister of Fiv
nance during the Calomarde regime), the Duke of Rivas,
Senor Rivaherrera, General Quit oga, and several bishops
who were proceres under the royal statute.
General ORAA's attack on Cantavieja Is looked

DE HALL MARKETS.
by the Carcass. -

NEWGATE AND LEA
At per stone, E
s (I tos ..1 s 01 to s (I.
Beef, inf. rior 3 0 3 4 Mutton, inferior 1 6 3 H
-- middling ............ 3 6 3 8 - initidling '1 8 310
--- prime large '3 8 3in - prime 4 0 4 4
- prime small ...... ... 310 4 2 Pork, large 36 4 4
Veal

N ENVCASI LE-UPON'-TYNE CORN MARK ET. Oct. 21.
We had a fair supply of Wheat from the interior, as well as
coastways, at our ruraket to day, for which the prices of last
Saturday were with difficulty realised. Oats were in large
supply, and a slow sale, at a decline of Is. or 2s. on last
week's rates. Rye cuatinues exceedingly dull, at out quota-
tions. For Malt there is not so much inquiry, but prices re-
main without alteration. Good samples of Malting Barley are
in fair request, but inferior descriptions are quite neglected.
In other grain we can note no change. For Flour the demand
is very limited, and prices must again be quoted Is. per sack
cheaper.

New. , tTn.
Wheat, N'ortlitinilserland 4oa 77s 4B 53 .1
Norfolk ant Suffolk 5l, 51,
Barwick and Scotch
Foreign 47s. 5...... —s
Rye, Norf3lk and Suffolk
Foreign
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Suffolk Vti:. ~ , —s. Grinding and Feeding. .„.„ Ws. 2t's
.11e4n4, Aal.l '37. Mrs
Pease, White......
Gray
S
Oats, Northumberland, P0tat0e.„...... 21s. 243 263.

Foreign
Mgr (per
wk) s
395. 44.
