[MORNING) POST.]

Every renewed attempt of the invaders of Spain
to preient to the world some plausible pretext for the aggression,
serves but to manifestutore clearly how little it admits of jus-
tification or excuse. In the vain attempt to defend or palliate
this atrocity, the most unfounded allegations, and the most ab-
surd reasoning are unsparingly employed. Sophistry and false-
hood are as conspicuous in the declarations as tyranny and
cruelty in the conduct of the enemies of Spanish freedom. The
moral contagion of doctrines and example never till the present
day presented to neighbouring nations any temptation to assail
the politica institutions of Spain, although amongst these institu -
tions was formerly to be numbered that Holy Office which wrong
by torture from its victims the confessions of speculative error and
the chew of recantation and repentance, and which consigned to
the flames without mercy all those ‘vho swerved afterwards for
a moment from that hypocrisy to which the rack had constrain,
ed them. If the more free and enlightened subjects of any
other State had clamorously urged its Government to inter'.
pose in arms to root out this abomination, on account of the
;" moral contagion of doctrines and example," what homilies
should we not have beard on the sacred right, of national in-
dependence—what imputations of arrogance and sedition—what
ridicule, 'and what lamentation, upon the follies and the en-
croachment of liberality: The contagion which the Go•
vernment Of France new strives to repel with so much
violence and injustice, is the contagion not of disease
but of health . not of superstitution, but of • intelli-
gence ; not of slavery, but of freedom. Are the politi-
cal institutions .of different nations, not hereafter without
mutual offence to ditlig ? Is the principle now to be recog-
nized which may lead at some future day to wars between
France on the one band, and any or in succession every other
European rower on the other, in order to determine which
shall submit to change its Constitution, in order that it may so
far conform to that of its antagonist as to exclude the danger
which Is Skid to arise from " the moral contagion of doctrines
anti exempla?" We do not in the smallest degree pervert this
principle, or magnify the consequences to be fairly and strictly
deduced from it, when WOassign this wide range to its probable
effects. It is indeed a principle which totally demolishes the
old, and builds up an entirely new structure of international
law.
