PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
ithfitiS, 10 the Maii 1321.-
MALT TAX.—Further Petitions froth Scotland, 'apiainst.
LtmElticx,ClTY.-i-Right of Election—Appeal fisted for the
15th inst.
EAST INDIA PutzE MlLL.—lteport deferred till Friday.
STAMP ACT. Ditto.
PROPRIETORS OP WHARFS). Petition of Fishmongers Corn-
BILL. ) pany against.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE'O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Red........... Bank Long Ann. 13 7-Ms 3
3 per Cent. Cons 724$ India Stock 23OA
4 per Cent. B9 India Bonds .... . 41s. 4:ls. pr.
5 per Cent. Navy Ann. l47i Exelmt. Bills 4 5 pr.
108. I Cons. for Account ' 72

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW,
Morning, 5 minutes after 3. I Evening, :).3.minutes after 3.

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS DIOERE FALSUM AUDEAT

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, NAY 2, 1821.

Paris Papers of Saturday and Sunday arrived
this morning.—Letters from Naples announce
that the Spanish ship of the line the IVarrior,
and the Spanish frigate the Pearl, which.we're in
the Bay of -Naples, have received orders to set
sail immediately, and to leave the ports of the
Two Sicilies. If this intelligence can be relied
on, it is confirmatory of the rumoured hostile in-
tentions of Austria and Russia against Spain.
The advanced guard of the Russian army,
marching for Italy, was expected to 'arrive at
Udina On the 29th ult., and most extensive
military preparations are 'said to be going for-
ward in all the Russian Provinc*s. The Austrian
and Russian troops are stated, in an article from
Frankfort, to be advancing- in great force on the
Turkish frontiers.

All the accounts respecting the Greek insur-
rection concur in representing the cause of the
Greeks as gaining strength daily. There is a
report of a battle having been fought between
the Turks and Prince. YrszLANTI, without any
decided success on either side.

Advises from .Presburg state, that the ad-
vanced guard of , the ,Russian army entered that
capitai on the 19th. The Austrian and Russian
troops are advancing- in great numbers towards
the Turkish Frontiers.

The Allied Sovereigns have invited the late
King of SARDINIA, VICTOR, EIIMANUEL, to re-
ascend his Throne.

In Epirus, the. Christian Sulikes treat wit

the Turks As equals: Consternation prevails in
every part of the Morea ; and the Foreign Con-
suls consider themselves in such danger that they
have turned their houses into so many fortifica-
tions.

The most important extracts from the Frencl
Journals will he found in our preceding columns

Nothing has yet appeared, in a satisfactory
and authentic shape, to contradict the fact, men-
tioned in our Paper of the 7Th ULTIMO, on the
authority of our Correspondent at Paris, of the
Emperor of RusstA having applied to the French.
Government for a passage through France to
Spain for a Russian army. On the contrary,
subsequent communications seem to confirm it,
or at any rate to strengthen the probability of
such an application having been made ; and in
short we have now reason to believe, that a treaty
to that effect has actually been concluded be-
tween Austria, Russia, and France, anti that we
may soon expect to hear of the march of the
Allied troops into Spain. From the Spaniards,
however, distracted and divided as they may
be, we have little doubt that the armies of

the Holy Alliance will meet 'a powerful re-
sistance. We lament that Spain should so
soon become again the scene of warfare and
Woodshed, and particularly of a war that has
for its object to rivet more firmly the chains of
despotism and superstition, which have so long
depressed the energies' of a country, evidently
designed by nature to be the seat of a great and
flourishing nation. That the Spanish Constitu-
tion is open to many essential objections' is most
true, nor do we deny that in some instances the
conduct of its advocates has been indiscreet,
violent, and absurd.; „but howerver objectionable
the proposed form of Government, or whatever
may be the conduct of its advocates or 0pp0..1
nents, nothing, in our opinion, can justify FO-
REIGN INTERFERENCE, SO long as the peace of
Europe and the neighbouring States remains Un-
disturbed and inviolate.—Strongly as we repro-.
bated the wanton aggression of Austria upon Na-
ples, it was justifiable and harmless compared to
any attempt on the past of the Northern Powers
to dictate to the Spaniards an arrangement of
their domestic contentions. For, in the one
case, the hope of attaining great political advan-
tages, and securing much territorial influence,
might form some excuse to palliate such interfe-
rence ; but, in the other, it can only be founded
on principles the most despotic and obnoxious to
the general welfare and happiness of mankind;
and it is obvious that these same principles might
lead the Emperors of AUSTRIA and RUSSIA to
prescribe to this country how far any project for
reforming the practice of Elections, and correctino,
the abuses of Parliament, should be carried.'
But there is a great moral lesson now displaying
itself before our eyes, which only blindness can
fail to perceive, and only madness can dare to
. _

disregard. There is a determination in the hu-
man- heart to .he' emancipated from ignoble and
coercive - thraldom; *We may trace it in loth"

A.
neiiiisphereS, and in every divisiort of the earth—
it has stretched with gigantic strides across the
waters of the ocean ; and no league of Potentates
can retard it, by whatever ties their alliance may
be cemented, by whatever name it may be con-
secrated ; and therefore, though we look forward
with some degree of pain to the developement
of the views of the Northern Powers, we are
convinced that they-must ultimately be frustrated.
It is evident that the intentions of Russia are
not pacific ; that she is preparing for some
great enterprize, and the only doubt is whe-
ther she designs to "accelerate the destruction
of the Ottoman Empire in Europe, or to prop up
the declining influence of • superstition and sla-
very in Spain. We must confess, we still retain
our opinion that the Russian Government is not
unconnected with the insurrection of the Greeks.
We wish that we could also believe that it is dis-
posed to extend its assistance to them from ge-
nerous and disinterested principle; unalloyed by
any hopes of increased power 4nd political in-
fluence resulting from the expulsion of the Turks
from this quarter of the globe:: We a& com-
pelled,o'n the contrary, to tbinkr
that s.uch assist-
ance not only will 'not proceed from any desire
to release a brave people from the fangs of mer-
ciless Tyrants, but that it will only lie extended
in such 'portions, and at such times, as must ine-
vitably drive them. from Turkish slavery into
Russian dependence. There are many reports
in circulation, but how far any of them are de-
rived from authentic sources we will not pretend
to say. They all, however, agree in represent-
ing the Russian and Austrian Cabinets as actively
engaged, and daily strengtheningtheir influences
and connections, and it is even said that Russia
has so managed as to obtain possession of Sicily.
We might, in short, be led to anticipate the
passing of the Dardanelks by a Russian fleet,
supported by the co-operation of an American
squadron, as uo improbable event. There has
certainly Tong existed a decided preference on the
part of the Russian government in favour of
America. American ships and American com-
merce have long teen greatly 'and essentially
favoured in Russia. 'Phis fat tutu perhaps have
given rise to the report of a private arrang4meot
belween the two powers, hut in the present de-
graded state of the foreign press, it is impossible
to receive regular, full, and accurate information
of all the events passing on the continent; but
enough has been developed to convince any man
that the present period is one of the greatest
interest to every European state, and that it is
the duty of our government to adopt such mea-
sures,' with energy and decision, as may secure our
naval superiority, and protect the independence
and integrity of the British Empire from the in-
trigues' anti ambitious designs of the continental
powers.

[Received from Liverpool this morning.]
EXPORTATION OF ARMS TO ALEXANDRIA.
The following is a copy of a letter from the
Council to the Customs :

of Gibraltar,
" Council Office, March' 1.
ics:Stynt,s—imlotsthaitpngoub;aehin
erepprreis:yncteodutnocilt,hethia.tordthseofi)lorterSoatt:
Customs require aSpecial Orderof CoUncil for theexp
of Arms and Ammunition for Alexandria as being on the Cons,
of.Afric.N I am directed to acquaint you, for the infortn3d°n O°E
nCilbrrenadelniatit:eisaii:t
olnleersooefnberi:i AolraajeettarstlC:2stznosf, ZeiotTbTrErtlristst
i'do'tthliaet Portstli Lao rAd.fsl4ll it:ai iruca, ttthde. within
tcrticke°r;Vq-71-:ii7e,
that the Officers-of Customs Should be instructed not
in future Special Orders for the exportation of Arms and Ani
munition t. 9 the Ports of Africa, which are so sit,iatcd.
.11.
(Sip-led> JAMES BUlai-1-1
To the Secretary-of Customs.
.

TRADE OF COTTON.
Copy of a Treasury Letter relatin to the Traclivelalnic.hCi°97
001, ,dat?.(l Whitehall, Treasuryy' Chamber's,
- GENT LE ME ~...r,-The Lords Commissioners of his Alajes,t,Yof
Treasury, having had under their consideration the reatit „
-the experiments, to ascertain whether the allowande of
cent. for. tare, on Cotton Wool,. might not be reducelj,
commanded by their Lordships, to direct you, in lieu of e
present allowance, to make an allowance of 2 per cent. fort
on Cotton Wool from the Brazils and Saint Domingo ; and ,i°f
3 per cent. on Cotton, Wool from all other places (e'xclusive ie
ropes), except in cases where the merchant shall re 5,,
11ire
actual tare to be ascertained, or where the officers ot —iv -
venue may deem such a proceeding advisable.
• (Signed) S. R. LUSHINGTON-
To the Commissioners of Customs.

IVladrid lettus of the 14th ult. mention/
the most recent and authentic advises from the Pacific distinctly-
stated, that the Chilian-force under General SAN "St,
on ce° un
totally inadequate to the capture of Lima, not oolY
of fewness of numbers, but also the want of heavy cannon,
proved by the
and other supplies; adding, that. this fact was
time he had already lost 111 the enterprise, thrrinl-T 'which n° et;
Lettcrs
mingle town had et ince(' itself disposed to join hiim
14th January from Buenos Ayres were received y'esterdY2
stating, that according to the last •accounts the Chili exedi'tleil
the
had done nothing against Peru, With the exception of
ture of the Esmeralda. Carrera and Ramirez were still at 31( n
doza, as it is stated, carrying on their projects against Chili'
that

Gic,ier:ievTcaeietsotrNee
The example of TUTION IL -8igo;
--....aszion....the
TI
to. be established at all the principal towns in
power-
COntinent.
ful families quitting England for the
see so many noble and
We did hope that the present state of• the ct'una"
havingsimilar
shoecei:
ti
L.s folio
a r
evrael().o ; t
try would have induced them to have reoaine
at home, and to have. promoted - _British industry'
by the expenditure of then. large incornes aa'°lls
their tenantry and neighbour4. I ould
ft'
is not a little remarkable that ' there s 1
op
have been so strong a disposition to invest tocd},evYhe,
Foreign securities, to gain a or -CA: Per celti: times,.o
it appears, independent of the risk. at all
loss in case of war that the C°lneli•
,v-
-recei,e_
paid for buying the Foreign Stock-, anu tea', 3'
ing the Dividends with postage, bareil
five per cent to the English purchas4r• ,
,„„t.,
THE SUSSEX CUNT- CLUB.—The tiara 1111''-,
ing in town of the m.ernbers of this Institution 35
fixed for Saturday neict--=WILLI.vm lms) the
Leicester
Britain. ora regret
t acid
Chester
IN'
el:°t el LONDONir
,

younger, Esq. in the chair.
Sir THOMAS MAITLAND arrived in town on
Monday from the lonian Islands.
v ALNoarEdL CE
uARSTaLrEee Oa
booTuEt ati
0) and
et lttiereßightn
eo
olVairri
of Customs in Ireland, but their successors are
not yet mentioned.'
It is remarkable that the death of the IVlarquess
of DROGHEDA Should so soon follow that-of the
late Marquess of LONtiONDERE:Y. They were
married in the same year, 1766, in Dublin, to two
sisters, daughters of the Marquess of HERTfORO)
then Lord_Lieutenants of Ireland.

ON THE STA_TE.OF •FORMER 'TIMES.

BY A' POPULAR WRITER.

-----, -
. titiperfidal writers talk of the reformation of a State, aa. if it
was a matter of no more difficulty than that of sweeping out a
room, or clearing a China jar of cob-webs. But they who
iobk a little deeper into things are soon convinced that it is a
work of almost insuperable difficulty. The reason is this : A.
State cannot want a general reform unless the Great be cor-
rupted : now, when these are corrupted, a coercive power is
wanting ; they who should cure the evil are the very delin-
Tleots, and moral or political physic is what no distempered
iss(' will ever administer. If the shepherds are watchful, the
ts'e!' is easily kept within the fold ; but if these be careless of
-meter
charge " quis custodi et ipsos eustodes ?" The great
''tometer said, " give me but a place to stand on, and I will
Illove the earth." So says the true Politician, " give me but
a coercive power, and I will reform the Great." Such a CQ-
ercive power, like' the great Geometsr's imaginary station, is of
such difficuly to be found, that the writer made, on a former
„°„ccaesiun, not scruple to declare ." that necessity alone must in
--e° a case be the parent of reformation ; so long as degenerate
.1111 unprincipled measures can support themselves, they will
t‘ie deaf' to reason, blind to consequences, and obstinate in the
lunestablished Pursuit of gain and pleasure." This corn-
. Pnelit!lS power, therefore, necessity, may be of two different kinds.
eX'fine sand at' necessity, not yet come upon us, though it be too
derttlY advancing, is, " when the State itself totters, through
tue incapacity, cowardice, or DISUNION of those will) should
PPort it." This may properly be called external necessity :
'cause, whenever it appears, it will come from without. The
euerniea of our country will pour in upon us, till the blindest
anti most incorrigible will be awakened to a sense of danger
ta::(1 ilnPenduag ruin. This necessity will prove a most severe,
~;,- G.ugh salutary task-master - and standing with a scorpion
iathip over a dissolute and harlot kingdom, chastise her into
our and amendment.
sfllle second kind of necessity, should it ever come upon us, is
ps:uch a genius, as might -oerhaps happily prevent the ap-
v; ad of the rst. 'Tis litteavise of a' milder nature ; nor
caod
sits, ,sonie with those alarming circumstances of national
rai;sw, Itil which the other must be dreadfully attended., This
the ha called an internal necessity; and would arise, "when
If .a of an abused people should rouse the Great into fear."
wha Nople thus abused.. were less corrupt than their leaders,
hu °,,,e-wri say that this-, necessity would be either dangerous or
a rt-ui ? Might not the honest and powerful voice of such a rople aw-ak the Great ro their dream of foy, and lead
!uein to ad pmt t salethose rym measures and princillA es which,
iiu a state of too prosperous security, they had blindly forsaken ?
air not ignorant that it bath been made a POINT OF DEBATE,
whether, in political matters, the general voice of a people ought
mt" be held in much regard. Bight sorry I am to observe,
at this doubt is the growth of later times : of times, too,
,bieli boast theii love of freedom : but ought., surely, to blush,
when they look back on the GENEROUS sentiments of arsc LENT
thl."S, which days wE.stigniatise with the name of stayssn.
„lIS runs the I,l'rit of Summons to ' the Parliament of the 23d
i's, 4-111. g Edward the First : " THE lialso, to the venerable
,i7-uer in Christ, It. Archbishop of Canterbury, greeting: as
I,ls- most just law, established by the proyident wisdom of
erinces, doth appoint, that what concerns all should be ap-
r:oved by all; so it evidently implies, that dangers too common
„"),41 should be obviated by remedies provided by all." A
.'..°Qie acknowledgment from an EreGtisu KING, which ought
',sever, sure, to be forgotten or trod under foot by English
'atikiects
'There are two manifest reasons why, in a degenerat‘ State,
And a declining period, the united voice of a people is, in gen-
ei,ll the surest test of truth in all essential matters on which
t -eir own welfare depends, so far as the ENDS of political mea-
a
ises are concerned. First, becausein such a period, and such
taState, the body of a people are naturally the least corrupt
I.(4rt of such a people. For all general corruptions, of whatever
(1, begin among the leaders, and descend from these to the
,Lt'er ranks. Take such a State, therefore, in what period of
rßeneracy you please, the higher ranks will, in the natural
t.tae of things, be farther gone in the ruling evils than the
4er, and therefore the less to e relied on.—Secondly, a still ii 2e cogent reason is, that the. general body of the people have
peso ch a bias hung upon their judgment by the prevalence of
w.j..al and particular interest, as the Great, in all things
..._uleh relate to State matters. It is of no particular or personal ' inaeauence to the general body of a people what MEN are EX' L.I,(ED, provided the GENERAL welfare be accomplished;
ais'-ause nothing but the general welfare can be an object of de-
%‘e to the general body. But it is of much particular and per-
,a°-151,consequence to the Great what men are employed, be-
A1.,;5.; through their connexions and alliances, they must
.gene-
hpV find either their friends or enemies in Power. Their own
te interests, therefore, naturally throw a bias on their brograents, and destroy that impartiality which thegeneral
stiimeZ of an uncorrupt people doth naturally possess. Hence,
is, „; it appears, that the united voice of an uncorrupt people
the;",general, the safest test of political good and evil, and
cl,w,e„t_cu'e the best aid and assistant to an upright Prince, in the
ti," est th of such Ministers as may secure to them the good and
s evii.
"'

KING'S BIRTH-DAY.

WEYMOUTH, APIUL 27. .
11,45; t -MO d y being the time appointed for the celeheation of
t.'e eirth.ean aof ormost Gracious SOVERION, it was ob-
llerve Y
te, (I here with the most becoming testimonies of loyalty and
4'0,3'1- Th British flag was, as usual, hoisted at the battery
°"eNo 1, e hniuse Libraries, the Countess of Live-r-
pm, t ie, Custom-. /
pui, .aral Francis Freeing, Post-office. Packets, and the ship-
fro,' I,i. the harbour. At one o'clock a Royal salute was fired
keoqter'ee battery on the Nothe while the band of the
.Ist 11. egi-
fore) ~,ui Royal Dragoons, by 'commandof Co Dorville, per-
whi ,s‘---, °ti the Esplanade several martial and national airs,
-ee attra ed g t ultitude of all classes to the promen-
. (1-
3 the et
a -Yeafi th scene was truly impos-
io, e day being unusually ne, e . v4T ,In the afternoon a-public dinner,. in honour of the day-,
:jeariehl at Luces' Hotel, at which Charles Buxt?n, Esq. pr_e-
tiler,' and Captain Andrews acted as deputy chailmant.. Tehiee
ti,,L'lnall was supported by Sir. Henry, Onslow/ on.BarshSheriff
this t, and on the left by T. Dllett, Esq. late High, en. d
alioatt°,,,u'l,,tY• The dinner was served up at six o clock, 41_1.
JOl - ""Y personages sat down to it, among whom were, Sir
, Ai,l4 IVleacle, Colonel lower, Major Lapshe, Capt. Stevenson,
Viiilt,' (el'irardot; Mr. Radelyffe, Mr. 'Bansell, Mr. IVylde Browne,
. "- .. Wylde Browne, Captains Hancock, Tullidge, Payne,
1 Deecker, R.N., Lieut. Brenton, R.N. Messrs. Bower
1:la, 'Vila-den-Y., Collector Weston, Mr: G. Arden, Mr. 'Si• m.
0,-P
-'4l.i Ur. W. Eliot, Mr. R. Bower, Mr: Collins, Mr.
I,l"„'egcnr Mr. Meissne_ ,r . Mr. W. Oakley (late Major), Mr. J.
:1-:,, E. Johnson, M.D., Set. &c. &c. .
tiejetlee cloth being withdrawn. the Chairman rose, and after
ap-o",';_mg the couipanv'for the' honour • conferred on him, by
• foil„'".ting him to preside on such an occasion, spoke to the
h, ;wail; eiTect •—" The first toast,. Gentlemen, of course will
roo-„°,r (tirade, King, George the Fourth ; and 'when I look
Ivilf`t this table, I have red and just pleasure in knowing it
ere be drank with every mark of distinction, and with the
to7bt,4t-est. enthusiasm. Gentlemen, lam sure we all feel greatly
ed to the King for the very high' Situation in which this
heittrY stanc'..s ; and lam sure that History will record his ad-
' A lixstration of the,Sovereign power during his Regency and his
Ne'tga/ as one of the brightest epochs in the annals of this great,
etep,n; during which the:glor of the-British artily, and the
alf °'.ta of our intrepid navy, hare blazed out with unexaxnpled
4;riclour. And what has done the King the createst honour,
reia will ever redound to his credit, is, that li•Then he took the
honouipatl,s of Government,- he selected those men who; he thought,-
,‘• . be _Lis-
hoe . best counsellors,- and who: would promote the:
r se "I?
of the, country, Without considering the
ti...._:.st of ins private and liost particular friends. And, Gen-
hoZ,ll/ I ran speak 'of...his private :character, for I have the
/eki„-Ir of knoa-ing hirn, ail I do believe there does not
y,"` a more generous, aore charitable, a more friend,
14 _ or a
4,44 r, more- humane, and -- kind 'hearted man. He
1 a man, Gentlemen,- as -I am sure you. will allow that
cioui and ought to have for its King. - And I have not a
ie.., t:t hut he will. close his reign as much beloved by his sub-
vocr;i-ii as ' was- his-late Royal and venerated Father. In thus
to n_Paring him to his Father, I COTICCive I am- comparing him
lat_iie,lwoo, as far as human imperfection could reach, emu,
cii7 tee goodness of our Heavenly Father?' The eloquent
jest unian then concluded, by proposing the health of His Ma-
vitil; 11 a bumper, which was drunk • amid; peals of applause
ie
tin. me times three. The following Toasts were then given
The
(...cessiori, with three times three :—The Royal Family.=
to;le Memory of our late beloved and venerated Sovereign, in
(!)'_ Inn silence.—lhdie of :York al: d the Army—Duke of
• le.,,u.tetpce and the Nay.—" MaY our Civil and Religious Con-
•l',-', lon be buried in the same grave with Time.-"--Duke of
t'l! ellington, the pride of
• • England, the terror' ef France, and
rite.„al..ednuraation o the whole world.—Lord Eldon.—The health
atlrl
aCnii-inii.Tir was then proposed by Sir Henry Onslow,who,
speech, spoke of him asa Gentleman possessing
r,the '°'t 1.::1
'onstitutio Y ,Pr9cillieS, and the strongest attachment to the
°I Canterbury this
,Y and the Clergy.—
Country in Church and State.—Archbishop
•--T he Me The Al embers. of the County.
..._ ,
... nuiers of the Borough,_: The Mayor and Corporation,
111.ai Prosperity to the I3oroug i and own of Weymouth
nie cornb,R • 1 T - th and
_ e...,,-.
On theh t"—.
bar ealtn of Sir II ENRY %al, o w eing given, the worthy
il °net returned thanks for the unexpected honour done him,
tt
gratula,td chee
4nd con
„y, Since the e company on the altered state of the coon,.
tt hersio; when
Itler,:sirrstly of His Majesty's Accession to the
I,o,ll°Yal Meeting. f lenrY, had the honour of presiding at
- n back to with- ° this Town, a Aleeting he should always
I°4' and delusionpwnhideeand satisfaction. The mist- of disaffee-
., then overspread this land, Sir Henry
