SPAIN AND HER LATE COLONIES.

[From the Madd G7zette.l
MADRID, DEC. 24.
After having in our preceding article recapitu-
lated such facts as eve deemed --necessary to esta.
Wish a comparison between the'llOyalist army
and that of the Insm:gents of Peru, we demon-
strated that from those-farts Europe might judge
of the opinion of the inhabitants, which is not so
opposed to the parent state 'as some foreign jour-
nalists affect to insinuate.
.And, in fact, is it credible that an army, re-
duced in numbers,`exposed to privations, and de.
prived of succours of men and money, could have
been elfectively,re-organized in a few 'months,
and become six times More numerous ?' Could
this army have almost entirely defeated the
enemy's forces, and pacified the numerous colo-
nies of that vast empire, if its efforts had not been
seconded by the inhabitants? BUt as the opinion
in America is the•favourite talisman of the Cou-
rier,- with.which he pretends to charm the eyes
of the rest of the universe, it is 'right to scrutinize
this charm. •

as comparing our condition with that of the na.
tive Creoles of JaMaica, Canada, aid, the coasts
of Malabar and:Coromandel, we but appreciate
more highly the wise laws which govern us, and
Vve,ev.en prefer them to the colonial laws of all
the European nations.
Who, then, are, the insurgents of Peru, the
.aurier will inquire The insurgents of Peru,
.we will answer him, are a band of needy adven-
turers, known atlirna under the name of Bohm.
tuzos a confederacy of lawyers whO, having been
expelled the profession for their personal quili!.
ties, view themselves, in Inagination, already
seated in a new upper chamber-; several Canons
and Curates, who, unworthy of._ the sacerdOtal
investiture, and some of whom thinking them-
selves Ambrosest and others Augnstini, love re-
volution, persuaded that; it will obtain the epis.
copal mitre. - The insurgents of Peru are Cpch-
rane, Miller, Foster, Ranlet, and other foreign
Don Quixottes, who, as they can neither endure
in their own country the contempt which their
conduct has.rnerited, nor. entertain the hope of
being restored to the regard of
._their Govern-
ment'and countrymen, nor of satiating their in.,
ordinate love of command and richest have'pro-,
Ceeded to the New World, where they practice
their revolutionary tactics. The insurgents of
Peru are several Americans unworthy of living
under the mild and paternal laws of the King of
Spain. , .

it is not our intention to confound with those
All -those -who have any statistical knowledge
we have here enumerated many good Penis
of Peru, know that 6-Bths of its inhabitants are vianiwho, in the provinces•invaded by the In-
Indians, 1-Sth slavee, or emancipated slaves, and surgents, unceasingly implore the Almighty to
the remaining eighth Spaniards, divided into
restore to them the paternal government of I, er-
dinand VII., nor those, net less numerous, who,
Europeans and Creoles. The Indians being ge- sacrificing an opulent existence and patrimonial
nerally employed in husbandry labour, the mines wealth, to the happiness of their country, have
and the mechanical arts are ignorant come to this capital, and here ineessantlrmani-
fest the desire that the parent state would send
name of politics; and those' noofren t
duties,of evenrights, the
to their trans-Atlantic brethren prompt and op-
citizens; congreeSes, popular elections, constitu- portune succour, that they may prevail against
• the yoke which oppressed them.' We have al-
tion, and independence, are equally unknown to
Itlyieicruri'r:it:trehsatrsn,'::-
ready shown the elements of which the mass of
the. Insurgents of Peru is composed, and how, by
them. Neither do they understand- the names
of the Caciques, Intendants, and Viceroys,'whonl
itihizeeir,
etitieerrogheintehoeuirs
There are no subjects in the ther blindly .obey. . .
their sentiments •
, they new only display to the
world who hear prehounced, and pronounce them. their
a continual conflict of passions, and
selves, with more respeet, the ,name of their legi- onpaitO9iroi'is,tl
hideous spectacles of bloody scenes, the acts of
the despotism, of an oligarchy and
timate Sovereign, whom they call their King, at must horrid
most revolting anarchy. . We know that in the
the same time uncovering the head, bowing the
years 1814 and 1)321 the flame of independence
body, and making other extriordinary'demon- and rebellion was kindled throughout Peru; but
strations orrespect. .
that, far from weakening our assertions, only
• them.,
_ s I -am a Royalist (Yo soy realista), say they strengthens • .
Revolution resembles an enormous rock, which.
• incessantly, considerieg the name of insurgent' as detached from a high and steep mountain, forces
an odious epithet. God ! the King I this is their along with it, every thing. it encounters in its pas-
•
device—a device so consonant with their senti- sage ) and it is for this reason that a distinction
must be made between those who .gave the im-
p meets, that when some ill-designing individuals puleion and those who euffetred themselves to be
•
sought to brandish the torch of discord amongst led sway by it. The former are the insurgents;
them, they seduced them in the name of the and not the Indians, who have not been the pre-
'
K moters, but the unhappy victims, of political cons
ing) by persuading them that it was to preserve ' -
vulsions. This is the reason why these, convul.
. . ,
the domination of that country to the. King of ' sions have only been ephemerical. , Amultitude
• Spain, from whom the Spaniards designed to of examples exist in support of this truth; we
wrest it. This was what happened in 1814, could relate them all, but a single one will suffice
when .Angula; Vejar, and Mendoza (on escaping for our purpose.
from the prisons of Cusco; in which they were On the 2d of January, 1822,,a horde of insur-
confined for crimes which they were on the point gents, proceeded to Potosi, to induce the garrison
of expiating), excited them to insurrection, aided to revolt, withont'the people having taken any
by the soldiers who had been charged to guard part in this insurrectionary movement, the results
them.
of which were massacres, pillage, assassinations,
It was th6‘ method that Some obscure indivi- i and the most tyrannical persecutions. - Potosi,
• duals of St. Martin within the last few years ,
thanks to the coutaee and intrepidity of our
made use of. The slaves and thie emancipated i Chiefs, Chuquiiick, Oruro, and Tupisa, was re-
have never taken any part in the insurrectionary taken on the 12th., and occupied by the Royalist
movements in those territories ; and when the troops, aided by the Indians of that town and
pretended liberators forced them, in 1820, to neighbourhood, who, on taking up arais to assist
take up arms in favour of independence, they them, nominated for their Chief a Lieutenant
gave unequivocal proofs of their aversion from who had escaped from the garrison on the 20,
diefending thiicause; The ill-disposed have since and who had gone amongst them,
,to solicit an
turned robbers ; and those of good disposition . asylum, and to offertem his arm and sword.
returned to their old masters, preferring slavery . If, however, the Courier demands further
to the fantastical and so much vaunted felicity of proofs, we would beg him to repair to Peru. He
their country. 1 will then he a witness of the enthusiasm with
Not a word need be said respecting the which the regiments of chicas and San Carlos
European Spaniards; the - banishments, 'the ass contend against the Insurgents, and, he will know
sassinations, and the pillage of which they have that in these corps there is net a single European,
been the victims; and which they preferred-rather Thence let him pursue his tour to Leith:Races,
than take the oath of independence, are,•and will a place. well known for its insalubrious and pesti-
alwayS' be, irrefragable evidence of their in- lential atmosphere, and he will behold there a
violable attachment to the parent State; and it number of unfortunate Americans, ,who were
is indubitable that they cannot offer incense to a made prisoners in Upper Peru, and are ,con-
dkrinity whose altars are stained with European demned to the most
.severe toil, and who suffer
bleed, and whose ministers, under the veil of all the horrors of slavery similar to that to, which
civic virtues, of which they make a parade in Christian captives are doomed in the bagnios, of
their writings, are consummate monsters in all . Tunis and Algiers, rather than acknowledge the
,
spec:es of crime, system of independence. After having examined
The American Spaniards, no one can doubt, the truth of these facts, it will not be difficult to
incline for the most part in favour of independe recognize in whose favour the opinion of Peru is
ence ; nevertheless, the most rational amongst pronounced.
them suppress this sentiment, being persuaded
that Peru wants the promotion of agriculture, in-
dustry, and commerce—elements without which

no independence can exist. It is in vain, say
they, that we are directed by example to the in-
dependence of the Anglo-American Republic;
that country previously possessed the seed of the
democracy which exists in her Constitution ; the

greater portion of her first colonists, born amidst
the religious and political revolutions of Europe,
emigrated to that country, and transmitted a re-
publican spirit to their children. But in Peru we

only see the indelible stamp of a ternpe,rate Mo-
narch, and Indians who are idolatrously attached
to the K ing of Spain. If, say all reflecting Creoles,
we sever the ties which attach us to the Parent

State; another European. Power will usurp do-
minion over us, and then we shalt prefer thido-
minAtion of Spain, because her language, and
manners, are common with our own, and .because

WA.a.—The time has been when warlike ru-
mours, such as have been'in circulation for some
time, would have caused a depression in the
Funds of Two or Three per \Cent. So great,
however, is the immense CapitiM in the hands of
Monied Interest, that these rumours have not
had the slightest effect. Stocks continue rising,
and a further advance is looked to by the
who, no way alarmed, have
,increases} their ac-
counts. In the New IkOttery, too, some. large
purchases have been made within these fewdays.
The Schemes is highly approved—which could
not fail to be the case, when it is seen that the
Contractors baVe contrived to give to Adventurers
the chance of.'iSreit Prizes.o.f :R20,000, Two of
which will fall to- the Two First Prizes the First
Day (the 19th Februaii), when, in fad, all the.
Tickets drawn will be Prizes,,
