THE PATENT `EIS urz POWDERS.

911.17.H1S MEDICINE is psilvpaorien, t,I tlAsiou(s)ultal;:
andby
the Proprietors, Messrs:
DAVIDSON, 136, New BoOd-street. To identify their Pre-
pafation, in future, a Label; on which the Arms of the In-
ventor are engraved, will be placed on each Box. and Bottle.
The Medicine may also,be obtained genuine of their Agents,
Messrs. Newberry's, 45, and Mr. Edwaids, 17, St. Paul's
Church-yard ; Messrs. Barclay's, 95, Fleet-market ; Messrs.
Butler's, 4, Cheapside; . Messrs. Sutton and Co., Bow Church.
yard; Mr. Sanger, 150, Oxford-street ; Mr. Hudson, 27,
Haymarket; Mr. Richards, 11. St. James's-st rCet ; Mr. Joh
ston, 46, Greek-street ; Mr. It. Johnston, G. Combat ; Mr.
Mackrill, 33, Whitechapel ; • Messrs. Ward and Co., 8,24,
Holborn ; Messrs. Hastings and White, 17, Haymarket ;
Mr. Stringer, 4, and Mr. l'rout, 236, Strand ; and Mr. Kid-
die, K 4, Russell-street, Covent-garden. Likewise at one or
more respectable Houses in every principal Town.

TIDOW WELCH'S FEMALE PILLS
r have obtained the senction.and approbation of Gen-
tlemen of the Medical Profession, as a safe and valuable
Medicine, in removing obstructions, and relieving other
inconveniences to which the female frame is liable, especially
those which at an early period of life frequently arise from
want of exercise, and general debility of the system. They
create an appetite, correct indigestion, remove giddiness and
nervous head ache, and are eminently useful iii windy dis-
orders, pains in the stomach, thorium of breath, and palpi-
tations of the heart.

Purchasers are requested to ream-1%, that, as testimon♦ of
authenticity, oath Bill of Directions is signed with the

name of

(9 if
if ,
~- .3

is wrising Sold wholesale and Retail, in London, by IVright,
No. 46, Fleet-street ; Barclay and Sons, Fleet Mtti ket ;
bery and Sons, St. Paul's Church Yard ; Sutton and Co. Bow
Chureh Yard ; Sanger, 360, Oxford-street. opposite Bond-
street; Evans and sun, Lung Lane, Smithfield ; Johnston,
Greek-street, Soho; Bui.ler and Suns, Chropside; Godfrey
and Windus, Bithopugete-street ; Macherill, tU, Whiteshapef:
oud hr Mr, Francis Cupiss, Diss ; and ail Country Venders,
at ,l2s. 9d par Bos.
e,,* It is necessary to inform the public that lc F.A RILEY'S
isltlie only oriCillttl.owl•Kitnitine Medicine, aniblias been pre
pared by them for wore than thirty Yek>ra•

LITERARY NOTICE:

JOURNAL of a SECOND VOYAGE for the DIS-
COVERY of a NORTH-WEST. PASSAGE from the
PACIFIC; performed in the years
AlthiTlL-2A2N-2T3,1 Ci n to the
Majesty's Ships Fury and Heels, under
the orders of Captain WILLIAM EDWARD PAk_RY, R.N.
F.R.S, and. Commander of the Expedition. Illustrated by
numerous Plates. Published by Authority of the Lords
Commissioners of the Admiralty. Quarto, pp. 571.
The above Work has this morning been pub-
lished, and we hasten to take such notice of it as the short
period will allow ; and seldom
Has. it been our lot to congratu-
late
in all its parts. appearance of a Work apparently so late the public on thecom-
pleteThe Plates, from drawings made by the
able and masterly pencil of Capt. LYON, of the costume, &c.,
of the Esquimaux, are highly interesting, and have been execut,
•
ed in a peculiar, cheste, and 'e ant manner by Er. Enw,
•
FINDER', whose abilities are,wei known. The Charts were
drawn by Mr. Busty:A/real-Id also Sketches of the Land, under
the immediate inspection of Capt. PARRY; anti there are copies
of three Charts drawn by the Esquimaux. •
In aneat Introduction, Capt. PARRY details the equipment
of the. Fury and Hecla at Deptford. The ships were barque-
rigged, as in the former voyage, and the plan of "equalized"
foremasts and mainmasts adopted. This plan was also pure
sued with all the stores of both ships, and was of infinite ad-
vantage. Some material alterations were made in the interior
of the vessels, which had a close lining of cork all sound the
ships' sides, and on the under part of the decks, fore and aft.
the shutters and plugs to the windows, &c., were also fitted in
the same manner. An apparatus for conveying warm air, in-
vented by Mr. SYLVESTER, was placed on the orlop deck.—
For the first time a simple and ingenious contrivance .was used
for melting snow for the consumption of water, and. that too
without any additional fuel than that used in the galley fire.
This was produced by means of a metallic vessel or tank,
occupying a portion of the tube through which the- smoke
ascends, .which passing freely up each side of it, a constant
heat was communicated. In the top of the tank was a large
hole for the purpose of receiving the snow from the upper deck,
and at the lower _part was a cock for drawing off the water.
This apparatus, so little in the way as not to be seen, pro-
duced, without any increase of fuel, and with the atmosphere
nearly at zero, 65 gallons of water from morning till night. In
the former voyage, bed places had been fitted both for the
officers and men, but, from the accumulation of moisture,
much serious inconvenience was felt; these were therefore re-
moved, and cots and hammocks substituted—an alteration that
proved of essential advantage.
Preserved meats, in tin cases, with vegetable and concen-
trated meat soups, for a period of three years, were furnished
at the rate of two pounds per week for each individual ; and
spirits, at 35 degrees above proof, were also furnished, to be
reduced when, used, by which means a much larger supply was
obtained ; and similar measures were adopted in every article
where it was practicable,, and anti-corbutics of every descrip-
tion abundantly ftirnished.
Every thing being ready, the Fury, Captain PAnnr, the
Reda, Captain 14YoN, with the Nautilus transport, left Dept-
ford 29tlt April, 1821. The latter vessel had on board a supply
of coals, and twenty-five live bullocks, for the use'of the expe;.
dition,. with Some tither stores, which-were to be rernored on
reaching the ice, and the Nautilus then to return. On the Bth
May the ships sailed from the Nore, and on the 30th finally
bade adieu to the northern shores of the Orkneys, and on the
14thly t JheuneNautilus, were off the
,erniptrgandceditvoerDer She sttorraeists;
leOft nthetheexples!
Ju
dition on her return to England.
Mu'
t'le ice, and '
on l'Y l'ase'lie 2eriefrd July, in the ships in getting
, in lat. 61 deg. 50 min.
67 deg. 7 min. 35 see., they fell in with some
Esquimaux in their canoes, being the first of those people they
met. They bad many articles f
15 sec., 1111 i
long.
or ,barter, but were most exor-
bitant in their demands.
Several of them visited the ships,
amounting in all to no less than
100 persons of both sexes.—
Th eirdisposition was to steal
every thing they. possibly could lay
their hands on, and more than once or twice they endeavoured to
pick pockets, in which art they appeared to be as great adepts as
if they had been under the tuition of the most es:pert London
thieves, and upon the whole. their conduct was of the most dis-
gusting description.
The expedition continued its progress through innumerable
patches of ice, drifting at times in all directions, and on the
84 deg. 40 min. 7sec, they entered
deg. 20 min. 13 sec. longitude 18th August, in latitud.,e
entered Very large inlet, which
occupied them until the 20th in examining. It was free froin
ice, at the upper part. • Captain Pann-e says, " This magnifi-
cent bay, possessing so many advantages that would render
it -invaluable in a more tea officers
rate climate, the ocers ho-
noured with the name of the Duke of York's Bay, in conse-
quence of the expedition having
clay of his Royal Highness. ,eAC
first entered it on the birth-
iter quitting this bay the
expedition entered the Frozen Strait of Captain Middleton,
and on the 22d entered Repulse Bay,
and determined the non.
existence of a passage in that direction. The following days
the ships were again minutely examining the Frozen Strait.
Here they discovered a commodious cove, which was named
n ,
voin Rouse,t c
Duckett Cove, and continued the examination. Three islands
and Georgiana, and a. remark-
heyne. On the 31st the ships
were" os'a large island, which was ranted Vansittart Island.
On the three first days of September they, were off a cluster'of
islands, which were named after the Right Honourable
remark-
able point named,
j3a
was sbn
callede
ST
u tioEs BOURNE ; anti on the two following days off South-
ampton Island. The remainder of this Month was occupied
in the examination of a large inlet which was named Lyon
Inlet, where several creeks were discovered. On the Bth
October a canal was sawed between two and three hundred
yards long through the ice near Winter Island, and, every
precaution used for the preservation of the ships and
crews. The ships were visited by sever 1 parties of Esquimaux,
.who took up their quarters in the neighbourhood. WC have
not room to narrate the occurrences that took place. On the
6th Nov. ‘, the people were employed in what they called
rigging the theatre' and on:the evening of the 9th the officers
performed the play. of the' Rivals' to the infinite amusement of
the ship's companies. On the evening of the 23d was repre-
sented the " two farces of " Raising the Wind,' and The Mock
Doctor !'—On the 18th Dec., Captain PARRY says " we hed
light in the cabin, for reading and writing, for three quartere of
an hour, without candles, and about five hours for convenient
walking."—" On the evening of the 24th, being Christmas-
eve, the ships' companies were amused 'by. the officers perform-
ing the two farces of A Rowland for an Oliver,' and the
• Mayor of Garrett.' On Christmas-day Divine Service on board
the Fury was attended by the officers and crew of both ships. A
certain increase was also made in the allowance of provisions, to
enable the people to partake of Christmas festivities to the utmost
extent which our situation andmeazai would alloW; and the day was
marked by the most cheerful hilarity, accompanied by the.utmoSt
regularityand good order. •• Arneng the luxuries which our Christ-
mas dinner afforded, was that of a joint of English roast beef, of
which a few quarters had been preserved for such occasions by
rubbing it with salt, and hanging it on the deck covered with
canvas. ' The warming apparatus was of the most essential
service, for at this time the thermometer on the ice was from
27 .to 30 below the freezing point. On stated evenings, much
recreation was afforded by musical patties which, alternately
took piece -in the cabins of Captain PARRY and Captain LYON.
CAptain.tsAttity says, " more skilful amateurs in music might
well have smiled at these our humble concerts ; but it will not
make them think less of the science to he assured that in these
remote .and desolate regions of the globe it has -often fur-
nished us with the most pleaeurable sensations, which our
situation was capable of affording; for, independently" of the
mere gratification afforded to the ear by, music, there is.per-
haps scarcely a person in the world really fond of it in whose
.
mind its sound is not more or less connected` with " his far-
distant home." • •
In this situation did the ships remain until early in July.
1822, and numerous and highly entertaining are the incidents.

tha_toccurredclu officersri were this.lroe pengprfeorinnode,
period.
dJgrouernxt
ly adesbdyinW. toaptain
tloli and other the
geographical knowledge that had been acquired. To attempt
a recital of them is impossible ; but we must not omit to
mention that schools were established on hoard both ships, in,
which such persons:as could neither write or read made very:
great proficiency, and which Captain PARRY states, at the,end.
.of the voyage that ." there was not one person but what
could read his bible on his return to England.”.—
We can now only briefly state that the several Situations of the
expedition, from the 3d to the 16th of July the ships were
on the eastern coast of Melville Peninsula, and then, until the
24th of August off the eastern entrance of the Strait of the
Fury and Hecla. On the 25th, 'after much labour and great
danger, the expedition succeeded in entering this Strait, which
seems, if possible, to be more interesting than any other part
of the coast, and through, which there is now doubt of a pas-
sage existing to the Polar Sea. Several attempts were made to
get the ships further up, but without effect, from the solidity of
the ice. Several journeys were also ,undertaken which are
fully detailed, and are highly interesting; that performed by
Lieut. ItErn of the Fury, accompanled by Mr. BUSHMAN,
who drew a plan of the Strait, we subjoin :
" LIEUTENANT REID'S ACCOUNT.
"_At day-light on the 10th, the weather being remarkably fine,
I left the Fury with my party, and on our journey towards the
land found the walking extremely good, the late frost having
filled up all the holes and 'Pools uporr,the ice. After-the first
four miles the-,character of the ice changed groin the. rough and
hummocky kind to a smooth level floe, and this, continued the
whole way to the land, except that in its immediate neighbOur2
hood it was much broken up and detached; which occasioned
us much difficulty and some wetting in getting to the beach.—,
One of the Hecla's men having been taken ill about this time,
I determined to send him back to the shipS without delay, and
directed one of his shipmates to accompany'and take care of.
him. This reduction of our number considerably increasing
the loads of the rest of the party, one day's provision was depo-
sited at the landing place, and with the remainder we set out to
the westward..

" From one till four P.M. we walked nine miles over excellent
ground fortravellingland then obtained sights for the chronome.:
ter, giving the longitude 03 deg. 58 min. 30 sec.; after which
we again moved forward, and ving advanced six miles in a
direction a little to the northward of west,• halted and pitched'
the tents for the night. The land over which we had this daY
travelled is principally conposed,of sandstone, with here and
there a piece of granite. In the course of the day we passed
the stones of an Es9uimaux habitation, arranged as usual in a
circular form, but it did not appear of a recent date. The ice
in the Strait still presented, the sante unbroken surface as that
seen from the ships, except quite clOSe in-shore, where it was de-
tached by the action of the tides. We also observed a few
narrow lanes of water here and there cunning into the floe, but
they extended only a:short distance froni the land.
" At five A. aL on .the 11th, we re-commenced our walk to
the westward, and at seven came to,a ravine with a rapid run
of water, which we crossed after a litile:detention, and stopped
to breakfast one mile to the westward of it.. Again proceeding
at nine o'clock, we continued our walk till noon, when we halt-
ed to obtain the meridian altitude, which gave the latitude 70
deg. 5 sec. and soon after setting forward again, pitched our tent
for the night at half-past six r. it. our day's journey being
estimated at 13 miles in a W.3N. direction. We could here
perceive that the opposite or mainland gradually tended to the
southward, leaving a broad entrance into the western sea,
though covered with even and apparently unbroken ice. The
weather being clear, ailbrded us an extensive prospect to the
westward, and we could now perceive that a bluff near the
north shore, which had befbre appeared insular, formed in
reality the northern point of the entrane.e; and I named it Cape
Hallowell, eut of respect to Vice-Admiral Sir Benjamin
Hallowell. This headland was joined to Cockburn Island
by a piece of low land', not visible at any great distance, and
receding considerably so as to form a fine bay, which I named
*after Capt. William Antridgc, of the 'loyal Navy. To the
southward of Cape Hallowell are several small rocky islets, and
near these, as well as in every other part of the entrance of the
Strait, the ice preseqted the same unbroken appearance as
before.

" At half-past Five on the 12th, we again set
forward, and continuing our. walk till nine o'clock,- pitched
the tent upon a rising-ground, from whence we command-
ed a good view around ue, and being near the entrance
of an inlet running up to the north-eastward. The open-
ing of the strait into the polar sea was now so decided,
that 1 considered the principal object of my journey ac-
complished ; but being desirous of obtaining. observations at
this spot, and the weather being cloudy, I determined on re-
maining a few hours for that purpose. In the mean time Mr.
Berihnan walked up.the bank of the inlet, which I named after
my friend Mr. Thomas Whyte, and found it to extend five or
six miles in a north-east direction,its general breadth being from
a mile to a mile and a half. At the head of the inlet we found
two ravines running into it, and the vegetation was here more
abundant than any I had seen during the voyage. We saw also
the remains of two Esquimaux huts, which were old, and ap-
peared to have been winter habitations.
" The sky being still clouded on the morning of the 13th,
we set out on our return to the eastward, from which quarter
the wind soon after freshened up with constant snow and sleet.
At one 44., st. on the 14th we reached our landing place,
when we found that a great alteration had taken place
in the state of the ice, there being now a considerable
lane of water running off' in the direction of the ships,
while near the shore some pressure appeared to hate taken
place.' On the following day, when the snow ceased falling
for a short time, a still greater change was perceptible, there
being in-shoie a space of clear water extending three miles
from east to west, and more numerous marks than before of re-
cent pressUre. Upon the whole, the change of the state of the
ice since our outward journey was very striking, and seemed to
afford a hope that the passage of the ships might still be favour-
ed by some more extensive movement.'
" At half-past eleven, A. 51., the tide being so out as to fa-
vour our getting upon tle ice, we set out for the ships, steering
by a pocket compass, as the weather was too thick to allow us
to see them. Passing several lanes' of water, one of them of
considerable breadth, and observing several places in which the
ice bad been throwing up pressure, we came at half-past one,
p.u. to a broad lane, with the ice in motion on the opposite
side. As the direction of the ships was.still uncertain, we halted
here to dine, and obtaining a sight of them soon after, in a
clearer interval, a,gain set out. At four, the Fury made the
signal of having discovered us, and at seven o'clock, being met
by a fresh party, we arrived on board."
A very fine view of the " Western outlet of the Strait of the
Fury and Hecla" is then given.
On the 19th Septetnber the expedition left this strait and
proceeded off Igloolik, where it remained during the winter.
The occurrences were numerous, but our decreasing limits
warn us to a close, and prevent our, noticing any.of the events.
On. the 4th August, 1823, the operation of cutting a canal to
extricate the ships commenced, and by the 6th one of 1,100
yards in length was completed ; and on the Bth the Fury, in
consequence of a breeze springing up from the northward, gra-
thially got into open water; the Hecla still remaining in the
middle of her winter floe. On the morning of the 9th she was
observed moving out of the bay, wren she drove to sea in the
middle of the floe, an event for the first time perhaps which
ever occurred.
To follow the details of this highly interesting Work is now im-
possible, and we therefore hasten to state the reasons assigned
by Captain PARRY for his belief that a passage into the Polar
sea is practicable. His words are as follows :—" Having thus
concluded the narrative of this, our second attempt to discover
a North-west Passage, it may be proper for me to offer a few
remarks on its probable existence and practicability. That such
-a passage exists, and that ita outlet on the western side' will be
found at Bhering's Strait, the discoveries of the last six years,
combined with the previous researches of Coos, HYARRE,
and AlabxksiziE, have scarcely left a doubt ; indeed, the
various points at which the northern coast of America has now
been satisfactorily laid down, from.lcy Cape on the west, to
. the shore of Melville Peninsula on the east, afford a strong pre-
sumption in favour of the opinion that this Continent does not
in any part extend far beyond the 70th or 71st parallel of
latitude.
" While the probability of the existence of a passage has
been greatly strengthened by the efforts of our various expedi-
tions by land and sea, as well as those of the Russians about
Icy Cape, the hope of its ultimate accomplishment has, not-
withstanding our late failure, received no inconsiderable en-
couragement. That the sea is sometimes navigable upon the
northern shores of America is no longer a matter of speculation
or conjecture, but stands recorded upon the authority,
the honour of Captain Franklin and his brave companions. A
single View of' the drawings, accompanying his description of
their xtraordinary canoe-navigation along these desolate
shores', must at once convey to the minds of t and tohose who are

interested in the accomplishment of this long-sought object a
degree of encouragement 'which the most sanguine could
scarcely Dave experieneedjoefore. And although there can be
no doubt that the 'Various changes of wind and tide would
occasionally block up with ice the shores surveyed by Captain
Franklin, yet the open water, he Observed, is a proof that the
ice has a considerable space to move in ; and I. cannot, there-
fore, but entertain a very confident hope, that if a ship could
once be got upon that coast; she might, by patience andpirse-
verence, ultimately complete the desired object.
" The report of the Russian ships that lately visited Icy Cape
is also', as respects the state of the ice, as favourable as the most
sanguine mind could wish ; for their description is precisely.
'that of a kind of navigation through which our ships have.
already held their course, uninjured; for hundreds of leagues,
and through which, therefore, they may, under Providence, be
again conducted, by similar exertions. When, indeed, fr body
of ice hai been once detached from the land, and has acquired •
some room to recede from it; which appears to be the case in the
summer about Icy Cape, it is seldom that a ship need despair of
making progress, unless the season be too far advanced to allow
her to take advantage of the occasional openings.
" Reports so favourable as these of the state of the ice during
the summer upon the central and western parts the north twist
of America, certainly combine to offer a new view of the enter-
prise in which we have lately been engaged. From these arid
the late failure of the Fury and Ilecla in endeavouring-
to force their way into the Polar Sea, it would appear
that the principal difficulty lies' on this eastern or Aden-,
tin side ; and it becomes, therefore, a matter of more interest
than ever to inquire by what route a ship is most likely to reach
that part of the coast lately discovered and surveyed by Capt.
Franklin.
" The opinion I have before given as to the advantages of
oanlyd
continuous
three
inuoitslantf
seasons;in the navigation of the Polar seas, has been
considerably strengthened by our subsequent experience for.the
la
aaymi n na''ohriec lit an
ship ever
can, n impressed;
he tolerables ewit
the belief, that the only
certainty, succeed in penetrating any considerable distance-is
by watching the openings occasionally produced by winds and
tides between a body of ice, when detached and moveable, and
some land continuous in the desired direction. I have here
adverted to this only for the purpose of further remarking, that,
however unsuccessful have been our late endeavours, they were
unquestionably directed to the right place, and that, with the
limited geographical information we then possessed, no other
route than that pointed out in my instructions could possibly
have been pursued with Any reasonable hope of success.
" Circumstances, however, beyond the reach of any previous
speculation, have combined to oppose an insurmountable barrier
to our entrance into the polar sea, by the route lately pursued,
and consequently preventing us from reaching the northern
shore of the Continent of America, along which it would have
been our object to proceed. The state of the ice for two suc-
cessive summers in the Strait of the Fury and Hecla, seems to
indicate, that the obstruction we there met with is dependent
rather on locality than on season; for the phenomenon of two
consecutive winters of extraordinary severity is one of extremely
rare occurrence. It is more than probable that the obstacles which
finally arrested our progress in the Strait are to be niskinlyut-
tributed to the current we found setting through it, and which
coincides with that observed by Captain Franklin, and by the
Russians to the westward. This stream, in finding its way out
through the Strait, would undoubtedly have the efiect of keep-
ing the ice close home upon its western mouth, so as to prevent
the egress of a ship in that direction ; and I cannot help think-
ing that, on this account, the navigation of that Strait will
seldom, if ever, be practicable.
" Being thus unavoidably shut out from the northern shores
,of the Continent, it remains to inquire by what other opening
there may be the best chance of approaching it the nearest; for
the principle of coasting it, whenever it can be reached, must
still in my opinion, be carefully kept in view. There is no
known opening which seems to present itself so favourably for
this purpose as Prince Regent's Inlet. This leads me to ob-
serve, that, had we even succeeded in fairly entering the Polar
Sea by the strait of the Fury and Heels, the geographical in-
formation obtained from the Esquimaux, and on which. I con.,
ceive the greatest reliance may be placed, would probably have
induced me so far to depart from the strict tenor of my instruc-
tions, as to attempt the passage across the mouth of the great
bay lying in the south western side of Melville Penin-
sula, instead of coasting its winding and probably much
indented shores. indeed I consider that the spirit of
my instructions was fulfilled, as far as regarded my
close examination cf the coast of America, from the
moment that I had discovered the strait which terminated
that coast to the northward ; and that had I been. fortu-
nate enough to succeed in entering the Polar sea, that very
business then was to get to the westward in the shortest way
was able. It being therefore no longer necessary to follow the
continent on western side of Melville Peninsula, it appears to
me of very little importance, whether a future attempt be made
from Cape hater, which lies near the bottom of Prince Regent's
inlet. or Cape Engefield at the western entrance of the strait of
the Fury and Hecla. Indeed the chance of success is rather
in favour of the former of these two stations, both on account
of the shorter distance to Point Turnagain of Captain Frank-
lin, which from thence does not exceed four hundred and fitly
miles, as well as from the probability to which I have be-
fore alluded, of the ice being almost constantly pressed
by the westerly current against the western mouth of the Strait.
The view which we obtained from the southern part of Prince
Regent's Inlet in 1819 was not, indeed, very incouraging as to
the state of the ice at that particular time ; but our businesteat
that tune lying in a different direction, we remained only a few
hours on the spot, and could not therefore judge what favourable
changes might have been produced by the carious alterationain
wind and tide. The ice was, however, certainly detached from
the shores, and in motion ; in which case a hope may always
be cherished of occasional openings in our. favour.
" In estimating the probability of success in this attempt, it
is proper for me here to remark that the difficulty of giving any
decided opinion upon it arises, not simply from the general uncer-
tainty attending a navigation of so precarious a nature, as that to
which we havelately been accustomed, asbecause there is nothing
in our late experience which can properly be considered analogous
to it. To enter a body of heavy ice, of great and uncertain ex-
tent, without any known land stretching in the desired direc-
tion, is an enterprise differing in character from almost any
hitherto attempted with success. In 1819, indeed, the Heck
and Griper crossed the barrier of ice occupying the centre of
Baffin's Bay for a distance of about ninety miles,' and succeed-
ed in reaching the open water off Sir James Lancaster's Sound,
and since that time numbers of whalers have done the same; -but
this distance is small in comparison with that which ships would
have to traverse, from the bottom of Prince Regent's Inlet to way
part of the navigable channel discovered by-Capt. Franklin, and
which it would be their first object to reach. it is, however, by
no means improbable that some intervening lend may be dis-
covered in this interval to assist a ship's progress to the south-
westward ; and that by patience and perseverance, she might
succeed in gaining the shores of the .continents, where it. may
be expected that-only the ordinary difficulties of this naviga-
tion would once more present themselves. It is possible at the
same time, that, in so vast an expanse of sea, channels of open
water may occur to assist a ship's progress to the westward. •
" It appears then; that the chief difficulty to be anticipated
in the accomplishment of this Passage. will consist in getting
the ships upon that part of the continent, which, from the very
best authority, we know to be navigable. 1 trust that the en-
deavours of the two expeditions lately employed under my
orders, have at least served the useful purpose of shewing
where the Passage is not to be effected, and of thus bring.
ing within very narrow limits the question as to where any
future attempt should be made. In submitting, which I
do with very considerable diffidence, the foregoing view of the
subject, it has not been my intention to create or magnify dif-
ticulti2s, but to suggest, as well as I am able; the best mode of
of overcoming them. For my own part, I never felt more
sanguine of ultimate success in the enterprise in` which I have
lately been engaged, than at the present moment; and I eau-
not but entertain a confident hope that England .may yet be
destined to succeed in an attempt which bee for centuries pest
engaged her attention, and enterested the wholeciatillied world."
In the perusal of thenbove work we have been highly grati-
fied, and cannot withhold our praise at tire splendid man-
ner, in which, so ace a technical phrase, it has been got
up. No doubt can now scarcely remain of the existenee
of a communication with the Polar Sea, and sincerely do we
hope that Captain, PARRY may be the means of ascertaining
its position. Of its utility for mercantile pursuits it will per-
haps be unavailing, but it must be allowed by all parties that
the putting at rest for ever a question so important, is every
way- worthy of the first maritime power in the 'world, whose
brave arid intrepid officers no dangers can appal. Much valuable
information of the Esquimaux,has thus been obtained, and•we
refer the reader to the work for some very curious accounts of
their manners .and'customs. To abridge any part of the detaikt.
would be improper, and to give the whole impossiblr..l, a

P ARM NME NT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARC'S eG.
NEW BILLS.

Ca rain BASTARD and others brought from the Commons
the Shk Duties Bill, the Postage Bill, and the Male Convicts
which were'read a first time,
The Penaltis Recovery Rill was read a third time and
-tagged•
The Marriage Act Amendment Bill, which had been re-
/deed to a Select Committee, was reported, the Amendments
n.gr2ed to, and the Bill ordered to be engrossed.
111 r. VILLIERS presented the Annual Report of the Corn-
Taintli.oneril of the Holyhead Road and Ilarbour.—Laid on the

SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. Secretary Cmsartlza, and a great number of Members,
"bvought the Slave Trade Piracy Bill from the Commons.
On the motion of Earl BATHURST, tha Bill was read a
ant time.—Adjourned till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS. •
MISCELLANEOUS.

Mr. BYNG presented a petition from the Inhabitants of the
Pdrishaf St. Katherine's against the proposed Suspension
Bridge.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Petitions were presented from Thomas Brown and other
catermen, praying to be heard against the said Bill.—Ordered
21 lie on the table.
A Petition was presented from Northumberland, praying
i'at the repeal of the L)uty on Wool.—Ordered to lie on the

A Petition was presented from certain individuals, against
the Bill regulating the Duty on Hides and Skins.—Oldered to
lic on the table.
Nr. DAVENPORT presented a Petition from the Congre-
gation of Dissenters of West. Chapel, at Dallen, in Niirthum-
nerland, against the continuance of Negro Slavery.—Ordered
to lie on the table.
Ir. VII ITBRE.I D presented a Petition from the Licensed
Victuallers of the parish of St. George. in the County of Mid-
dlesex, praying the repeal of the Excise License Duty.—Or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. £I.7ItIVEN presented a petition from the parish of
•Chrixtchurch,. in Northumberland, • against Negro filavery.—
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition from the inhabitants of
the town of Crome, in Lincolnshire, against the continuance of
Negro Slavery.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRT PPS presented a petition on the same subjecefrorn
Lanark.—Ordered to lie on the table.
HOW-1017SE presented a petition from the Licensed
':Victunilers in the united parishes. of St. Marntret and St.
_John, Westminster, praying the repeal of the excise Licence
Duties. To these. petitioners a sort of pledge had been given
in the peat /815, ivhieh.led them to expect they would cease
after 1819. He therefore considered their case entitled to par-
Iteular attention. The petition was-ordered to he printed.
The Honourable Gentleman then presented a similar pe-
tition from the Outer Liberty of IVestrninster.—Ordered to be
printed.

HOUSE AND WINDOW DUTIES.
Mr. HOBHOUSE presented a petition from certain inhahi-
tants of the Parish of St. Paul's, Covent Garden, praying the
repeal of the House and Window Duties. He saw in this pe,
tition a proof of that claim, which, on bringing forward his
late motion, he had stated to exist, in consequence of no re-
duction of the direct taxes having been.proposed by Ministers.
He doubted not petitions'. On this subject would soon be for-
warded from all parts of the country. These petitioners had
the same idea of the bad _effects- of the Sinking Fund that he
had, and they also complained of the misgovernment of Ireland.
They conceived it unfair,. in point of principle, that 4,000,0001.
should annually be drawn from this country on account of
Ireland, and this they contended was not done to relieve the
poorer classes, or to support the moral dignity of the people
(he was afraid what followed would.not he pleasant to some of
the Hon. Gentlemen. near him), but to.satisty the claims of an
idle and a dissipated Gentry.. He was of opinion with these
petitioners that many of the Gentry lived on what ought to go
to the relief of the people. He hoped the grounds for this
charge would be inquired into. •
The petition was ordered to be printed.
• Sir G. ROBINSON presented a petition from the Mayor,
Aldermen, Magistrates, and Inhabitants of the town of North-
ampton, against Negro Slavery,, calling on the House to carry
into effect the .Resolutions come to in the last Session of Parlia-
ment.—Ordered to lie on the table.

Mr. STANLEY presented a petition on the same subject,
in doing which he corrected a misrepresentation which had gone
forth on a subject of a fernier petition by him Presented. That •
petition was stated to.have been against the Combination Laws;
.but, instead of being so, it was against altering the present
laws relating to. the-Exportation of Alachinery.—Ordered to lie
on the table.
Sir W. WILKINS presenteda petition in favour of the dis-
continuance of Negro Slavery:—Ordered to he on the table.
Mr. Bit'NG presented petitions from the Lieenscd Victual-
lerA of the parish of Si. Giles's in the Fields ; St. Andrew, Hol-
born ; St. George the 31kutyr ; and St Ann, Limehouse, pray-
ing the repeal of the Excise License Plity.—Ordered to lie on
thi. table- _ _

•IJr. P.MOORE presented petitions from Coventry, Stock-
p3rt, Manchester, Nottingham, and other places, against the
Combination Laws.—Ordered to be referred to the Committee
on the Laws respecting Artisans. The Hon. Gentleman cave
notice,. that on Wednesday next he would move for leave to
bring in a Bill on the subject of the Combination Laws.
Mr. CURTIES presented a petition from the Licensed Vic-
tualle.rs of Brighton, praying the repeal of the Excise License
Duty.—Ordered to lie on the table.
gir J. MACK' NTOSH presented a petition from William
hl`Cormack, of the County of Essex, in the district of Upper
Canada, praying the House to take the Tobacco Duties into
their consideration.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Sir. Alderman WOOD presented petitions from the Water-
men of St. Katherine's and of St. Botolph's against the pro-
posed new Docks ; from certain Iron Founders against the
Combination Laws; and from certain Inhabitants of the Ward
of Bridge, praying the repeal of the Window Tax. The Peti-
tions were severally ordered to lie on the table.
Colonel DAVIES presented a petition from certain Boot
and Shoemakers of Worcester, against the Combination
Laws. Referred to the Committee on the Laws relating to
Artisans.

MUNDAY presented a petition from the Inhabitants
of Duffield, in Derbyshire, against Negro Slayery.—Ordered
to lie on the table. _

Lord BELGItAVE preSented a petition from the Tanners
and Curriers of the City of Chester, against the Bides and
Skins Duty Bill.—Ordered to lie on the table.
The Noble Lord also presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of Chester, praying that the Duty on Beer may be trans..
fernd to Malt; and one from the Licensed Victuallers of Ches-
ter, praying the repeal of the. Excise LicenSe Duties.—Ordered
to lie on the table. •
Lord MILTON presented a petition from Dornbury Castle,
in the North Riding of- the County of York, against Negro
slavery—one from. Wakefield, praying that more effectual
means may be taken to protect animals from wanton cruelty,_
and to abolish dog fighting and bear baiting—one from the Me-
chanics of Bradford against the Combination Laws--and- one
rcrinerously signed from the Inhabitants of Doncasterond its
neighbourhood, praying the Repeal of the Window Tax.—The
petitions were ordered to be printed.
Sir T. D. ACLAND presented a petition from Devonport,
in the county of Devon, against Negro Slavery ; one from the
parish of Tiverton, in the county of Devon on the same sub-
ject ; and one signed by more than 2,309 Merchants and Ma-
nufacturers connected - with the woollen trade, praying that
English long wool.; may not be'exported,, as were this permit-
tl.; other nations woirld'be
.able to rival us in certain branches
of commerce, which at present .they had not the means of do-
ing—The petitions were ordered to be printed.
Air. CUR WEN 'presented-a petition froth certain Farmers
in Westmorland, praying the repeal. of the Duty on Sheep
Dogs.—Ordered to lie on the to hi
'WOOLEN TRADE.

Mr. S. 'WORTLEY _prented a petition froni certain irli.
viduals connected with the woollen trade at Hallifax, in the
county of York. The Hon. Gentleman took occasion to-say,
it would afford him great satisfaction if Ministera reconsidered
the resolution to which they bad conic on this subject, and
especially if they ranis° far as to continue the prohibition of
the exportation of long wool.
Lord MILTON believed the alarm which be knew to have
prevailed on this subject to be wholly unfounded. Favoured
as our manufacturers were by various circumstances above all
others, he thought•they need nOtlear the competition of any of
hens. If, hvwever, -an adeantage could be secured to the
tEn,glish manufacturer, consistently with those principle?. of
free. trade which were now proclaimed, he should not object to
its being given to them, though he did not think it at all ne-
cesaary. The alarm on ,this subject was not universal in the
C Amity of York. In some parts they dczlared that they had
no fear of the exportation of wool, or at least of the repeal
of the prohibition, for he believed and hoped that the expor-
tation, even when the prohibition ceased, would never take
place. lihe alarm which had prevailed ha thought had been
natural and justifiable, as those by whom it was felt bad been
taught by the Legislature to consider those laws, which it was
now proposed to repeal, reiceseary for the protection of the Bri-
tish commerce.

Mr. Secretary CANNING thought it right to say there was
pile Order of the Day which it would be desirable to take with.

out loss of time, If the third reading of the Slave Trade Pira-
cy Bill were longer deferred, it would occasion a great loss of
time before it could come into efficient operation. He wished
to be allowed to move the third reading immediately..
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
SLAVE PIRACY BILL:

'llr. Secretary CANNING having moved the Order of the
Day for the third reading of the Slave Trade Bill, stated that
he had received a letter from the lion. Member:for Bramber,
on whose account theAhird readiitg had been twice postponed,
but was still unable to attend. The letter expressed the joy
which be felt at the carrying of this measure, as he felt it to be
the greatest effort to ameliorate the _ condition of the slaves
which had been made since the abolition of the Slave Trade.
Having stated the views and the objects of Government when
he opened the subjeCt on a former night, he would not now de-
tain the House but to move that the Bill should now be read a
-third time.

Sir'.J. MACKINTOSH said, in the absence of those who
might properly be expected to speak more ably on the subject
than he could, he would offer a tear observations on the mea-
sure now before the House. The passing of
it he viewed as
most satisfactory, not merely for the good which it was likely
to effect abroad, but for the encouragement which it held out
to those who undertook the laborious and thankless task of
endeavouring to reform erroneous opinions at home. He
thought it was hardly possible for a greater revolution in opi-
nion to take place on any subject within the life of one man
than he had lived to witness on this. In the opening of his life
he had been accustomed to hear the Slave Trade spoken of as
a legitimate and humane branch of commerce. Now he saw
it take its proper place among those crimes which were pu-
nished capitally. He remembered when the Slave Trade
was referred- to as one of the greatest sources of our na-
tional wealth when gallant Admirals used to defend it
as' that to which the country owed its strength—and when
it was advocated by the Press, and even in the Pulpit, as
a humane cffbrt on the part of the trader, to snatch the
Negro from his African wilds, to transport him to an Ame-
rican Paradise. He remembered one gallant Captain, who so
much envied the Negroes of their happiness that he wished he
himself had been born one of them, that he might enjoy the
privilege and benefit of becoming a slave. Then the accom.
plishment of the termination of the Slave Trade Was regarded
as a measure which could only be aimed at- by a band of poli-
ticaland a set of religious fanatics. A small body incendiaries,
of virtuous men had, by
_perseverance, procured the abolition
of that detested traffic. But after all, the crime of man-steal-
ing Was not placed among those flagitious alfences with which
it ought to have been associated. He must remind the House
that it was hiS Hon. Friend, the Member for Wincbelsea, who
had first placed it on its present footing. The diversified talent
which enabled that Learned Gentleman to grapple with so
many suhiects, and that unwearied activity which enabled him
to find leisure for every pursuit, had enabled him on many-oc-
casions greatly to distinguish himself, but nothing that he had'
accomplished did him more honour than the exertions which
he had made on this subject, which he considered to he per-
:vted by the Bill now before the House. Nothing could augur
better for the cause than the circumstance of the two English
nations on both sides of the Atlantic having taken the lead as
they had done in this husiness. Their example, he trusted,
would shame other nations into giving up that traffic to which
they had hitherto so obstinately adhered. If England had
been the first to abolish the trade, America had been the first
to declare it piracy, and he rejoiced that neither could claim
the whole honour of effieting so much for the destruction of
the Slave Trade. The North American natives, inheriting
on the sea the skill and courage of their parents, were jealous
of their Maritime character; but even in this respect they had
something of their pride in the cause of humanity. lie was
informed of what he did not know before, that the other House
was waiting to receive the Bill, he would therefore say no
more.

The ATTORNEY-GENER AI. moved an additional
clause' providing that the Bill should not be altered, amended,
or repealed in the course of the present Session, which was
agreed to.
The Bill was then read a third time and passed.
COMPENSATION TO OFFICERS OF COURTS OF
