PRE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18; .1835.:*-"--

and therefore a collision, come when it will, is inevi-
table.

We are by no means, however) disposed to quarrel
with those WI% ctirer With As AS to the exact time
when a 'coliBiali pit** kiff hicii'ds and
Commons last possible im-
meaiatie eVil id all parties—for we well know the good
which will result from such a collision will not happen
without some temporary wrong, which all, good men
must desire to diminillt 11.8 41it1cri as possible. Some
of dn.': 'Slitinchest and sturdiest Reformers in the
United Kingdom have approved of the conduct of the
Government in putting off the evil hour by yielding
to the power of the Lords, and it ‘'vbikla ill 1)&6-hie qs
to censure any Act of a popular 'lllilliatiV, which is
approved of by such itiea triends of the people. The
Government) llowever, must not be carried away by
snelt popular demonstrations of. approval, into t't Valet
that a habit of conceding to the Lords would be by
ny means agreeable to the Reformers of the United
Kingdom. All that is yet gained, is regarded by the
country as a " position " from which a demand for
more will be irresistible. As Mr. VCONNELL well
expresses it, the country has got an instalment of the
immense debt due to it; and though it is willing to al-
low a reasonable time for the payment of the remainder,
yet it must not be inferred from the grant of such tem-
porary delay that it wilt be cheated out of the sum re-
maining unpaid.
The experiment Made by Ministers, with respect to
the Municipal Reform Bill, was pregnant with danger
to themselves and the country ; and we trust that
henceforth they will prepare to take a more decided
course. If they would continue in office, they must
neither give nor take quarter. There must be no co-
quetting with the Torjes—no lauding the great ability
and disinterested patriotism of men who glory in being
opposed to the wishes of the people. The great fault
of the Whigs has ever been their excessive courtesy
to their bitterest enemies, and something which looked
very like truckling, whenever they found themselves
brought into a direct collision with the high behests of
the arras-rats of the Palace. This creates a lurking
suspicion in the public mind which no mere speech
can remove ; and when the hour of trial approaches,
the most stedfast of the Government, out of doors, can
hardly avoid giving expression to the bitter and burn-
ing confession " The Whigs are not to be trusted,"
Let. the Whigs remove this suspicion by etkety means
in their power : let them convince the people of Great
Britain that in the hour of peril they are worthy to be
trusted, and we will warrant them all the support, by
addresses and otherwise, that a country can give a Ca-
binet of its choice.

By a clause in the Municipal Reform Act, power
was given to the King in Council to alter the days
appointed for carrying its different provisions into
effect, should such alteration be deemed necessary.
In pursuance of the power thus conferred, an Order
in Council has been issued, fixing other ddys than
those stated in the Act for doing the several matters
therein required. This Order will be found in ano-
ther part of The Sun ; but, as it is of great import-
ance that the inhabitants of the emancipated bo-
roughs should be fully prepared for the discharge of
the duties which will soon devolve upon them, we
think it right to remind them of the following particu-
lars :

1. The overseers are to deliver the burgess list to
the town-clerk on the seventh day of November, keep-
ing a copy for general inspection, without fee, until
the seventeenth of that month ; the town-clerk also
fixing a copy on the door of the town-hall, during the
week next preceding the said seventeenth of November.

2. Notices of claims and of objections must be given
before the seventeenth of November; and lists of -the
claimants and persons objected to are to be fixed by
the town clerk on the door of the town-hall, during
eight days next preceding the first of December ; co-
pies of the said lists being kept by the town-clerk for
gratuitous inspection, during the eight days immediately
preceding the said first of December.
3. The Barristers are to hold the courts for revising
the burgess lists, between the first and fifteenth of De-
cember.

4. The town-clerk must complete the burgess roll
on or before the twenty-second day of December.
5. The councillors are to be elected on the twenty-
sixth of December, and the aldermen on the thirty-first
of the same month.

6. The first quarterly meeting of the council is to
be held on the first of January, 1836, and the mayor
and sheriff are to be elected on that day.
It is hardly necessary to add, that in future years,
Me days mentioned in the Act must be observed.

All eyes are turned upon the movements of the Earl
of DURHAM. With his Lordship it now rests whe-
ther England will suffer her glory to be further tar-
nished by meekly permitting Russia to hold Turkey
in a state of thraldom more degrading than the worst
condition of slavery ; or whether we shall. disconcert
the dark intrigues of the Autocrat, by defying him to
enforce the observance of any treaty which reflects
a stain upon the independence of Great Britain.
Any timid concession on the part of Lord DURHAM
will, we assure him, be regarded as treason against the
honour of England. It is time the Autocrat should
be taught that he can make no secret treaties to bind
us; and that we will not ask his permission, nor stoop
• to the degradation of having it sought, preparatory to
our passing and repassing the Dardanelles in any vessel
bearing the flag of England. The Autocrat, we under-
stand, points scoffingly to our debt, and asks if we can
go to war with such a millstone round our necks ? All
burdens are only heavy in proportion to the relative
strength of those who bear them. But were ours
twice at weighty, is it not possible that we might take
a lesson from himself on the subject of war ex-
penditure, and perhaps in the end conclude by im-
posing on his Imperial MAJEstY such tows as
he imposed upon the SULTAN ? If the war be
just and necessary, as it is # and if he provoke
it, as he has repeatedly done, and is doing at this very
instant; why should not England throw the expense of
it upon Russia ? Powers in alliance with Great Bri-
tain are much deceived if they expect that we will ever
again make war, according to the Quixotic system which
led to the accumulation 91 our national debt, We
will no longer taX Ourselves to pay Foreign Powers
for protecting themselves, as We did during
the whole of the long vat in the Peninsula. This
hint May be of importance in more than one quarter.
As to the co-operation of Prance iti the deli*eranee of
Turkey, that is very doubtful ; and we confess that
we haVE no confidence in any engagement entered into
!iy Louis PHILLIPPE. It is the KING Vrenei/,
not the people, whom we suspect of treachery to the
cause of European liberty. Our greatest danger
is in delay. Russia as a maritime power,
is daily receiving vast accessions of strength. For three
years, without a day's intermission, have her dock-
yards been filled with thousands of workmen -building
a fleet, and her navy is now very considerable. The
longer we wait, the greater will be our difficulties and
dangers. Let Russia once fairly possesses herself of
the Dardanelles, and it will require an immense naval
force to dislodge her.
We repeat, all now rests with Lord DVIIIIAI‘I. We
await the result with some anxiety,

Advi
c. They art,
Lisbon to the 7th inst. have beenreceived
..ey art, wholly unimportant. The QUEEN
a 4.44 P..re t •a the best Lealth) and, on the beet

possible terms with each other. TheValyivet
ficiently strong to fear no opposition tpkiibicts ; aid
such is the increase of public:Anfilentat the na-
tidtial pEnpettt is seltiogdt fciir tiiiidB the amount of
+he t';eiatid nthriage
continues to be much spoken of, but all about it is
still conjectural.

We have received the whole of the Patis Papers of
eunest ay. Tliey bring some ii rice From Spain
which are, howevei, of no political importance. It is
denied that the Spanish Cabinet and the QUEEN
have placed themselves at the head of the Juntas. We
take Wave td coillit Eliist Thad IA tio iiciss s frdni the
tat of war of a later date than what appeared in
The Sun of Wednesday. •

FRENCH F.tIDS.PaItIS, SEt%ca~itiait 16:
Five per Cents:, 107 E 40et 4.)c. 50ei
Cents., f. tiod.
'lime per Cents., tiff. sc. 10c. sc. 15c
Bank Actions, 2,062 f. 50c.
Rente de Naples, 98f. 98f. 10c. 15f. IPc.
Roman Five per tents,, 101NNT(3 102
Bente d'Espagne, Fi,veper Cents., -
Bente d'Fspaglie,. Three Or Cents:, 195%,
eVal .„
Pefpettielle d'Espagne, 50;4%.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 103'4.
Poringuese Loan, Five per Cents., 56.
Haytian Loan, 24.1 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON
one month, paper, corner, 2ilC Vic.
Titres,. monttit, —C.; money, 25t. 35c
n rs AutheleiVie.
nOURSE, THREE O'CLOCK.—The Routes have been the
whole day stationary at 80f. 15c. The news of M. Arguelles
being named Prime Minister in Spain seems to be confirmed.
It was thought in the beginning of the Bourse that it would
affett the price of stock, but it has not done so at all. Not-
withstanding the improvement of Spanish stock in London,
the price remains without fluctuation in our market ; indeed
speculation in that stock is quite at a stand.
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 107 f. 55c. ; Three
per Cents., 801.-20 c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 30i; Three
per Cents. Spanish, 19+ ; Cortes, 30; Coupons, 16 ; Gueb:
bards, 311; Differes, 12i; New Loan, 37 ; Actives, 36i ;
Passives, 11 ; Ducats, 98 20 ; Romans, 102 i; Pedros, —;
Belgians, 103+; Dutch, ; Haytians, 345 f. ; Miguels, —;
Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, —.

Brussels, German, and Dutch papers have been
received. The little intelligence they contain will be
found in extracts which are given in another part of
this Journal.
BELGIAN FUNDS.—BRUSSELS, SEPT. 16.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent,
Rothschild's Loan, Five per Cent 100N)
Loan of City, 1832, Four per Cent. 9B
Society of Commerce, Four and a Half per Cent 124
Bank of Belgium, Five per Cent llO
—Brussels Papers, Sept. 17.
DUTCH FUNDS—AMSTERDAM, SEPT. 16.
Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 214 per Cent. ss:k 5114
Loan (1830) 5 per Cent.
Amort Syndic, 444 per cent... 4....
Ditto, ditto, 34 pet 17 78
Climpaiiy, 4'9 pet' cent IOS% 10914
Dalo (1h32 and 1&33) 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month l2 20.
Two months
—Dutch Papers, Sept. 15.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, Sgrr. 11,
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. geh., 41 per cent.... .......... iol XI in:
Pkilssian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 151% 99%
Prussian State Gazette, Wept. 12.

Advices from Constantinople to the 27th of August
have been received. The Hon. Mr. ELL ts had ar-
rived in that city on the 23d, on his way to Teheran.
Lord DURHAM had not then reached Constantinople,
having made some delay at Athens, but his Lordship
was daily expected by the PORTE. Prince IVlnoscti
was theri on the best possible terms with the Turkish
Government, and is represented in the advices received
as a man of commanding appearance, and talents of a
very high order. The letters from Persia received in
Constantinople were to the 18th of August. The
cholera and the plague were then raging at Tabriz, and.
throughout several provinces. The fear of these
frightful maladies had almost depopulated the country.
The people fled to the mountains, whither they were
preceded by the army and all the Great Officers of
the SHAH. On the 18th of June the SHAH,
after the old and much approved Oriental fashion,
dismissed his Prime Minister or Vizier, by order.
ing him to be strangled, which order was promptly
and cheerfully executed. By letters from the English
Consul at Trebisolide, we learn that on the 13th of
AUgust an earthquake took place, which destroyed
three hundred houses in the city of Kaiser, and killed
fifty of the inmates. No further particulars are yet
reported ; and it is possible that other places may have
been visited by a shock of a similar nature. The qua-
lity of any of the individuals whose lives have been lost
is not stated ; but as the English Consul at Trebisonde
was staying in the city of Kaisar when the awful visi-
tation occurred, the particulars will be learned from
his dispatches to Lord PONSONBY.

WORCESTER.—We are desirous to correct the
closing paragraph of the letter signed " A Reformer,"
which appeared in our paper of the 29th of July last.
We have since ascertained, that it is the custom of the
City of Worcester not to charge an increased fine on
the first renewal of property held under the Corpora-
tion after improvements ; and, therefore, that the sum
there alluded to, as having been paid by the Mayor,
was the same sum as would have been paid, under
similar circumstances, by any person unconnected with
the Corporation.
The Lists of claimants for votes, and of the objec-
tions which have been taken, are now ready for the Re-
vising Barristers. In Cambridge, we believe the objections,
as well as the claims, made by each party, arc exactly equal.
—Cambridge Chronicle.
BRUSSELS, SEPT. 16.—The Moniteur gives no-
tice that 371 bonds, of the Belgian Loan of 100,800,000
francs, amounting to 587,664 francs, were drawn by lot at
Paris on the 27th of May, to be repaid at par on the Ist
of November, 1835, according to the terms of the contract
for that Loan. The Moniteur publishes the numbers of
the bonds drawn. The average price of wheat for the two
weeks of November was 14f. 52c., and of rye Bf. 68c., per
hectolitre. The import duty is, therefore, according to the
graduated scale—on wheat 55f., and on rye 43f., per 1,000
kilogrammes.

The children employed in the Hanging-road Fac-
tory, Rochdale, struck for wages on Monday week, and
got an advance, after being out a few hours ; hands arc
beginning to be very scarce in the cotton factories.—Hali-
fax Express.
NATIONAL CHARACTERISTICS.-It has been
well said, that an Englishman is never happy but when he
is miserable ; that a Scotchman is never at home but when
he is abroad ; than an Irishman is never at peace but when
he is at war.

SUICIDE.—On Saturday a person was committed
to Lanark gaol on a charge of theft. Some time after-
wards, he was found suspended by a cord which was at-
tached to one of the iron stauncheons of the window of his
cell, quite deal—Scots Times.
The magistrates in the northern division of Lanca-
shire are endeavouring to obtain an equitable adjustment of
the- county rateN—fialifax Express.
THE KNOWLE PARK BEECII.—This most mag-
nificent tree in Knowle Park, Kent, is the largest undecayed
and entire beech in thg kingdom.
The Turf Club gave a most splendid dinner, on
Monday last, at their house in Kildare-street, to his Excel-
lency the Lord Lieutenant, who arrived there with his suite
at ilaitipf;st seven o'clock.
One of the most singular instances on record of pa-
tient love of knowledge is found in the case of Arkwright,
the interitor of the spinning ;jenny ; when he was considera-
bly more than fifty years of age (he died in his sixtieth year)
feeling that the defects of his education placed him under
great difficulty and inconvenience in conducting his corres-
pondence, and in the general management of his business,
he encroached upon his shop—he used at the time to spend
in business avocations from five o'clock in the morning until
nine at night, in order to gain an hour each day to learn
English Grammar, and another hour to improve his writing
and orthography.
Wednesday evening a most serious accident occur-
red & the mansion of the Duke of Portland, in Cavendish-
square. The porter having found an old firelock, thought
he would try it in the courtyard, and discharged it for that
purpose, when the piece burst, from the inside of the barrel
being either
or
consequence that t h
was, that
e unfortunate
his
hand w
man hadas loaded
ehre the d
by the explosion. Hopes are entertained
ithatt t dread-
fullyo too much
of the arm will not be necessary.
MoDERN ROME.—No city in Europe can boast
of such numerous and splendid public fountains as modern
Rome, and it is impossible to imagine more beautiful and
costly structures. Their moving streams and sparkling jets
are to be seen in all the principal squares and streets, and
tb abundance of pure water with which they are supplied
conoute much to the health and comfort of the inhabi-
tants. Yet the modern Romans are a dirty people—their
houses are never half swept, and their rooms and staircases
rarely washed.
•

"~ ' -',

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.

_
\
REVISION OF VOTERS.—THIS DAY.
The Revising Barrister, Mr. TANILYN, took his seat in the
Court of King's Bench at the usual hour.
MAKERS OF PLAYING CARDS' COBIFANY.
The list of the Liverymen of this Company was handed in,
and liasSOci ilithout observation, there being no claimants or
objections.
,

MASONS' COMPANY.

Mr. TAMLYN said there was one case which had sikd net
since yesieradyvenirns hohis Company, and he wished roc
to have It.fd of Mr. Alfred William
Powei, of Fr,eaiait..:oo;:irt,.,6opilirti,,,Ngi.beeti objected to.
Mr. Trotf--21 citjeetect co', Power' claim, on' the around
of his not having resided Iri t 146 place of abode mentioned in
thg, notice, six months, ending the lasi CIO .of July.
'George Lowe, being sworn, deposed that he left a notice of
objectioii, gigntti by Mr. Heppel, at the claimants resideneg, a
counting-house in F'reematicg,court. Mr. Powes was in Li-
verpool at the time, and the clerk said be would forward the
notice td him.
The solieltdf fd the Comcany, who attended 'on belle.lf
Mr. Aldridge, the clerk, suhifilttea that the place where the
notice had been left was not the resider:cc of the claimant.
Mr. TitsibyN observed, that he had the be possible evi-
dence that Freeman's Court was the residence of the claimant.
It was so stated in the official list furnished by the Clerk of the
Compa4; and it was also sworn to by the witness on the other
side. He wished to know if the- solicitor litta any other
evidence

The Solicitor replied in the tieg►d-thea
Mr. TitstLyN—Then in the absence of ally other evidence,
must strike out the name.—Claim disallowed.

camas' COMPANY.

The claim of Mr. Morgan, of 3, Pope's Head-alley, Corn-
hill, which had been postponed from yesterday, was then
called on.

Mr. Morgan hating hen sworn, stated that his country re•
sidence was at Colney Hatch, about seven miles from the City
—it might be a quarter of a mile further, bet he would not
swear one way or the other. He had a residence in Pope's
Head-alley for the last twenty years.
Cross-examined by Mr. Trott—l have not slept there more
than once within the six months ending 31st July. I should
say I have slept there but once within the last eight months
from the present date. I under-let one room as a counting-
house to my brother, who is in partnership with mc. No part
of my family have slept there within the last eight months.
Mr. TROTT—Are you in a condition to prove that your re•
sidence at Colney Hatch is within seven miles ?
Mr. CHILDS—I object to that question.
Mr. Morgan—l cannot state the distance precisely. I
could go to it in three quarters of an hour. —( A laugh.)
Mr. TAMLTN—This is, perhaps, the most difficult question
that has come before me for decision. The Act requires " re-
sidence," but lam not quite satisfied as to what constitutes re-
sidence, and shall not, therefore, decide it now. I would,
however, recommend you, Mr. Morgan, to haVe the distance to
Colney Hatch measured.
Mr. Morgan—l am much obliged for the suggestion, but I
won't promise to do so.—( A laugh. )
Mr. CHILD—Mr. Morgan relies upon his town-house being
his residence.

Mr. TAMLYN—I shall not decide the point for a day or two.

MERCERS' COMPANY.

There were three objections taken by Mr. TROTT in this
list. The first was that of Mr. George Palmer, of King's
Arms. yard, on the ground of residence.
An objection was taken by Mr. Barnes, Clerk of the Com-
pany, to the notice served upon the claimant, as being partly
printed ; but the objection was over-ruled by the Court.
Mr. saitc LEAT deposed that the claimant had a residence
in Xings-arms-yard, and that he slept there two or three
nights In each week. He had also a residence at Naysing,
in Essex, but that was beyond the distance prescribed. by
the Act.
In his cross-examination by Mr. Trott the witness stated
that the town house in King'-arms-yard, was the counting
house of the firm of Palmer, M'Killock, and Co. The rent
and taxes of the house are paid by the firm.
Mr. TAMLYN would give no decision upon that case until
he had heard the other two.
Daniel Watney, of Wandsworth, was objected to, on the
ground that his residence was beyond the distance prescribed
by the Act.
Mr. TROTT understood that the claimant's house was six
and a half miles from Blackfriars Bridge.
Mr. BAMES, clerk of the Company, deposed that the
claimant's house was only five and a-half, or at the very
most six miles from the Guildhall.
Mr. Tuorr--Then I withdraw my objection.—Claim al-
lowed.
John Robert Delafosse, of Croydon, was objected to on the
tame ground.
Mr. BAMEI said Mr. Delafosse had a town residence also,
but he could not swear that he slept there.
The case was postponed for the purpose of communicating
with the claimant, and the Merchant Tailor Company's list
was then proceeded with.

Mr. CRAW resumed this morning at ten o'clock.
Mr. ROWCROFT again pressed for an order for the attendance
of the various assessed tax-collectors, with their books. He
contended that the 51st section of the Act gave the Barrister
power to order such attendance, and it was obvious that it
would very greatly facilitate the business of revision.
Mr. CRAIG declined to make the order prayed for, until a
sufficient reason had been shown. That had not been yet
done ; and as It was acknowledged, upon all hands, that it
would be attended with great inconvenience, he would defer
making an order till the necessity of the case was apparent.
The first case gone into was the claim of Justins, jun.,
who had had a claim made for him for the occupation of a
warehouse in ho, Mark-lane. The claimant was called, and
examined by Mr. ROWCROFT; but all he could say was, that
he was served with a notice from the Conservative Society,
who took all the trouble of claiming for him. He paid no
assessed taxes.
The °vote& proved that he had sent in a claim upon
the 4th July, both tat' being put on the rate and the register.
Mr. CRAIG inserted the claimant's name.
The ease of Mr. Gooch decided yesterday was in every par-
ticular similar to the above, with the additional, strong fact,
that he made a claim in December, 1834, as well as in July,
1835—yet his claim was disallowed.
Mr. CRAIG then gave judgment in the case of Mr. Telford,
of No. 4, Star-court, Bread.street, left over from Wednesday.
He was of opinion that Mr. John Telford had made out his
claim—the objection was overruled, and the vote allowed.
This finished the list for Allhallows, Bread-street, which was
then signed by the barrister.
The next claim was that of R. B. M‘Kinnou, of No. 49,
Mark-lane, for the occupation of a warehouse.
Mr. Cornel proved the service of the claims upo.l the over-
seer, and the occupation of the premises fur a year-an,,,1-a-half
—they were worth 201. a year.
By Mr. Rowcroft—Mr. M‘Kinnon was a wine-merchant,
and carried oil his business in the counting house. He resided
in Gloucester-place, Portman-square, for the last six months,
He knew that from himself.
Mr. CRAIG would decide the case to-morrow morning—the
residence was not clearly made out.
A claim had been made by Thomas Milham, but as he did
not appear, nor any one on his part, the claim was disallowed.
The next case was that of A. B. Taylor, of Water-lane.
The claimant proved his claim to be rated and registered, and
served upon the overseer.
Mr. ROWCROFT submitted that the notice was defective and
of none effect—the description of the claimant was not as
directed by the Act: in place of A. B. Taylor the names ought
to have been set out at length.
Mr. CRAIG would allow the case to go on de bene esse, and
give judgment to- morrow morning.
The claimant then stated that he paid 17/. a year rent, he
resided within four miles of London, and had done so for six-
teen years.
Mr. JOYCE, the overseer, let the premises in question to Mr.
Taylor, and paid all-rates and taxes for them—they were paid
always when the rates were made.
Mr. CRAIG considered the claim as made out, and it rested
now entirely upon the preliminary objection which he was
anxious to have time to consider, as there was no doubt thc
decision in it would guide many more.

INSOLVENT COURT (THIS DAY.)

A GO'PEL LIGHT IN TROUBLE.

George Gray, a saintlike looking personage, who described
himself as a school-master, and the Minister of Providence
Chapel, Vincent Square, Vauxhall-road, was brought up on
his petition to be discharged. The insolvent was unopposed.
From the statement of the insolvent, it appeared that himself
and three other persons being religiously inclined, entered into
an agreement with a person named Outhwaite to rent the cha-
pel in question at 601. a year, each undertaking for the other
to pay 4of the rent. Notwithstanding the eloquence of the insol-
vent, the chapel turned out to be a losing concern to the tune of
upwards of 201. a year. One of the persons who had joined him
in this religious undertaking had already passed through the
Court, the second had a writ out against him, and the third
was a prisoner, and would be brought before the Court in a
few days.
The insolvent, who appeared to think no little of himself
and his calling, on being asked by the Chief-Commissioner
the profession of his partners, in a dignified manner said one
was a shoe-maker—( A laugh)—another was a butler—( In-
creased laughter)—and a third was in the horse-flesh line.—
(Great laughter.) For himself, independent of the arduous
duties he had to perform in the chapel, he " taught," assisted
by his wife, "the young idea bow to shoot." ,
Among the debts of the insolvent was one to the Horseferry
Gas company for throwing additional light upon the chapel.
The insolvent was ordered to be discharged.

HAYMARKET THEATRE.—The gentleman who
made so decided a hit in the character of Hamlet, just at
the close of the season, at this theatre, about 15 years
since, reappears on Monday.next in the same character, and
on the same boards.

THE TOWN CLERKS.—These Tory Jackals, after
fighting for their existence, are now crying out for money to
pay the expenses of the battle ! The deputies in London
from the corporate cities and towns, gave them three
cheers when they read their protest against an intended
compensation for the loss of their offices, on the ground of
such compensation being " manifestly inadequate," when no
amount was mentioned ! We know that some of the town-
clerks, such as the luminary of Leicester, had three hun-
dred pounds voted out of the Corporation funds for their
expeusess—Lincobt Gazette,
