EPSOM RACES, 1837.

The following horses will have reached Epsom in the course of
.wo or three days for the ensuing races :

Duke of Rutland's Florestan,s yrs, Dake of Rutland's c. by
Catton, out of Sligo, 3 yrs, Duke of Rutland's 1. by Hawker, dam
'by Pan, 2 yrs • Mr. S. Stanley's Rattrap, by Bizarre, out of Young
Mouse ; Lord Stradbroke's Fifer, by Camel, out of Leopoldine, 6
yrs, Lord Straclbroke's Doris, by The Colonel, out of Arethissa, 3
yrs ; Lord Suffield's Caravan, by Camel, out of Wings, 3 yrs, Lord
Suffield's Pupil, by Peter Lely, out of Maiden, 3 yrs, Lord Suf-
field's Alfred, by Partisan, 4 yrs • Colonel Peel's Clifton, by Cain,
out of Mouche, 3 yrs, Colonel Peel's f. by Bedlamite, out of Gar-
cia, 3 yrs, Colonel Peel's Slane, by Royal Oak, 4 yrs, Colonel
Peel's Fantastic, by Bobadil, 3 yrs, Colonel Peel's Castaway, by
Camel, 5 yrs, and Colonel Peel's Zenana, by Sultan, 4 yrs ; Mr-
Rush's Pickwick, by Camel, 3 yrs, Mr. Rush's Perkins, by Jenkins,
4 yrs, Mr. Rush's Walter, Mr. Rush's Roadster, by Mac Adam ;
Mr. Phillimore's Ich Dien, by Camel, 3 yrs, Mr. Phillimore's
Sheriff, by Laurel, 3 yrs, Mr. Phillimore's Guildford, aged ; Mr.
Webber's c. by Count Porro, 3 yrs ; Lord Berners's Phosphorus,
Brother to May-Day, 3 yrs ' • Lord Lichfield's Cassandra, by Priam,
out of Zillah, 3 yrs, Lord Lichfield's Kathleen, by Miss, out of
Lioness, 3 yrs ; Lord Jersey's Achmet, Brother to Bay Middleton,
3 yrs, Lord Jersey's Flare-up, by Lamplighter, 3 yrs, Lord Jersey's
Partner, by Partisan, 4 yrs, Lord Jersey's Darius, by Sultan, 6 yrs ;
Mr. W. Edwards's Gil Bias, by Muley, out of Bequest, 3 y'rs,
Mr. W. Edwardss Royal George, by Royal Oak, 4 yrs ; Lord Ta-
vistock's Jack-in-the-Green, by Lamplighter, 4 yrs ; Mr. Good-
win's f. by Shakspeare, out of Sprat, 2 yrs; Mr. Farrall's Brother
to Elizabeth, by Waverlcy, 3 yrs, Mr. Ferran's c. by Albany, out
of Agnes, 3 yrs, Mr. Farrall's Doncaster, by Bustard, 3 yrs ; Ge_
neral Grosvenor's c. by The Colonel, out of Pinions, 3 yrs; Mr.
Powlel t's br. f. by Priam, out of Miss Fanny's dam, 3 yrs ; Mr.
Walker's Gipsey, by Tramp, 5 yrs ; Duke of Richmond's Mus, by
Bizarre, 4 yrs, Duke of Richmond's gepoy, by Mulatto, 4 yrs;
Mr. Lambden's c. by Luzborough, 4 yrs, Mr. Lambden's Re-
ysaler, aged ; Mr. Lambden's Sister to Desperate ; Mr. Thorn-
hill's Egeria, by Emilius, 3 yrs, Mr. Thornhill's Castaside, by Ma-
meluke, or Camel, 3 yrs, Mr. Thornhill's Mendizabal, by Nferlin
or Merchant, 4 yrs; Mr. Greville's Mango, Brother to Preserv,
3 yrs; Lord Egremont's Hoek, by Chateau Margaux, 4 yrs, Lord
Egremont's Helga, by Chateau Margaux, 4 yrs; Duke of Port-
land's Brute, by Brutandorf, 4 yrs ; Mr. Bowers's Lord Stafford,
by Langar, 3 yrs ; Mr. Rogers's c. by Tramp, out of Lunacy ; Mr.
Cooke's Norgrove, by Stumps, 3 yrs, Mr. Cooke's Fidelio, by
Stumps, 5 yrs ; Lord Chesterfield's c. by Priam, out of Arachne,
3 yrs, Lord Chesterfield's Critic, by Voltaire, 5 yrs, Lord Chester-
field's Edgar, by Shakespeare; 3 yrs, Lord Chesterfield's Sambo, by
Muley, 3 yrs, Lord Chesterfield's Hornsea, by Velocipede, 5 yrs,
Lord Chesterfield's Jack Brag, by Pollio, 5 yrs, Lord Chester-
field's Carew, Brother to Bamfylde, 4 yrs, Lord Chesterfield's Co-
pula, by Young Phantom, 3.yrs, and Lord Chesterfield's Vacuna,
by Tramp, 3 yrs • Colonel Anson's Jereed, by Sultan, S yrs; Mr.
Bowes's Mickle Fell, by Catton; Lord Westminster's Touchstone,
by Camel, 6 yrs ; Mr.W. Scott's Scroggins, by Tra!np, 4 yrs ; Mr.
S. Fox's Teresa, by Langar, 3 yrs; Mr. Stevenson s c. by Catton,
out of Spavina ; Mr. Osbaldeston's Mahometan, by Aluley, Mr.
Osbaldeston's Pocket Hercules, by St. Nicholas, 3 yrs, Mr. Osbal- '
deston's c. by Tramp, out of Octavio, 3 yrs, Mr. Osbaldeston's
Ebberston Lass, sister to Ebberston, 3 yrs, Mr. Osbaldeston's
Whitefoot, by Young Blacklock, 6 yrs ; Sir G. Heathcote's Mar-
quis, brother to blargrave' 3 yrs, Sir G. Heathcote's La Meprise,
by Velocipede, 2 yrs, Sir G. tleathcote's Countess, by The Colo-
nel, 3 yrs, Sir G. Heathcote's Startle, by Count Porro, 3 yrs, Sir
G. Heathcote's Valentissimo, by Vulocipede, 5 prs, Sir G. Heath-
cote', Willesden, by, Velocipede, 4 vrs, and Sir G. Heathcote's
Tawny Owl, by Buzzard, 2 yrs; Lord Exeter's Adrian, by Sultan,
3 yrs, Lord Exeter's Dardanelles, by Sultan, 3 yrs, Lord Exeter's
Corhan, by Sultan, 3 vrs, Lord Exeter's Hybiseus, by Sultan, 3
yrs., Lord Exeter's Troilus, by Priam, 3 yrs, Lord Exeter's Velure,
by Picton, 3 yrs, Lord Exeter's Cornate, by Reveller, 3 yrs, Lord
Exeter's Gauntlet, by Red Gauntlet, 3 yrs, and Lord Exeter's f.
by Sultan, out of Salure, 2 yrs.
Besides the above, the following will arrive in the course of the
week :—Mr. Satiler's Defender and Delusion, Mr. Wreford's Wis-
dom and Wintonian, Mr. J. Day's Chapeau D'Espagne, Captain
Gardnor's Benedict, and probably Mr. Rawlinson's Chadlington
and Mr. Wreford's Waresti. A great number of horses are also
expected for the Craven and other stakes, Cups, and Plates.

PASSING SENTENCE AT THE OLD BAILEY.—
Very few of the prisoners receive sentence at the time of their
conviction. Most of them are brought up to the bar of the
New Court, when all the cases have been disposed of, to re-
ceive their respective sentences. They are sentenced in classes.
Five or six, or some other limited number of them, who are
destined to receive the same amount and • description of
punishment, are called up at a time ; and the Re-
corder, naming them individually, or " each and all of them,"
as. the technical phrase is, pronounces the sentence of the
Court on them. I have sometimes seen fifty or sixty poor
creatures standing at the bar at the same time. And a
'more affecting spectacle, before all is over, is seldom wit-
nessed. The desperate bravado is visibly depicted in the
countenance of some ; while the anxious mind, the palpi-
tating heart, and the deepest feeling of sorrow and shame, are
as clearly to be seen in the countenances of others. The tran-
sition from one emotion of mind to another, is sometimes ex-
ceedingly violent and sudden. I have seen the downcast eye and
the trembling frame of the prisoner who expected some severe
punishment, succeeded in a moment by the most manifest tokens
of joy, when the punishment to be inflicted was comparatively
lenient. I leave seen, on the other hand, persons—female pri-
soners especially—who have remained unmoved up to the last
moment, as cheerful and composed as if nothing had been the
matter, because they laid the flattering unction to their souls
that they would got off with a few months' imprisonment, or
some very lenient punishment—turn pale as death, look for a
moment wildly about them, then close their eyes, and uttering
a heart-rending shriek, fall down in a swoon, when the sen-
tence of transportation for life has been passed upon them.
Such a sentence comes with a most appalling power, even to
the strongest-minded and most hardened criminals of our own
sex, when it comes unexpectedly. To many, lain convinced,
from what I have myself witnessed, such a sentence is armed
with more terrors then would be even death itself. They.
look on it virtually as death in so far as all their friends are con-
cerned ; while the imagination pictures to itself, very often
in deeper colours than the reality warrants, the horrors of that
state of slavery which can only close with the close of their
life.—The Great Metropolis—Second Series.

On May-day, the two Liverpool and Cheltenham
coaches, the Hirondelle and Hibernia, accomplished the jour-
ney, a distance of 132 mile;, in eleven hours !—Manchester
Guardian.
