creed are4he loaves and fishes ; and to these he clings
as tenaciously as the Bishop of EXETER clung to his
fat rectory of Stanhope. When a Tory talks of reli-
gion, we are invariably reminded of the Devil quoting
Scripture. If the faction ever really desired to make
people religious, why did they not lighten their bur-
dens ; improve their condition ; and furnish them with
sufficient leisure to devote to such sacred duties ?
But no ; that would have involved a sacrifice,
and the Tories ate not the men to make sacri-
fices, even for religion. We are glad to find
that all who spoke at this Reform dinner, spoke
warmly in favour of the Ballot. Mr. HODGES was
particularly animated on the subject, nor was Lord
NUGENT a whit behind-hand in energy. The Ballot
is indeed indispensable. There is a loud call for it
from all quarters of the three kingdoms. If corrup-
tion in elections is supported by secrecy—and we all
know that it is so—surely freedom in election has every
right to be supported by the same means I As for the
Ballot being " un-English," we will answer that objec-
tion, the instant it is proved to us that bribery and in-
timidation are directly the reverse.

By the arrival at Liverpool on Fridayo f the packet-
ships England and Garrick, we have received New
York Papers to the 2d instant, and Montreal and Que-
bec Papers to the 28th ultimo. The annexed extracts
will show the gradual improvement that is daily
taking place in the commercial relations of the
United States. In the Canadas political differences
run even higher than they ever did before. The Go-
vernors begin to look to the army for support against
a majority of the people. This is a deplorable state
of things :

" NEW YORK MARKET.
" SPECIE, OCT. 31.
" American gold, 5/- to 6 per cent. premium.
" Sovereigns, 5 dollars, 10 to 5 12i each.
" Spanish doubloons, 16 dollars, 75 to 16 87i ditto.
" Patriot ditto, 16 dollars, 45 to 16 50 ditto.
" Spanish dollars, 8 to 10 per cent. premium.
" Mexican ditto, 6f to 7 ditto.
" American halves, 5/ to 6} ditto.
" Five-franc piece, 1 00 dollars, to 1 011.
" Treasury draughts, 11 to 11 per cent.
" The specie-market was somewhat stiffer today, and our
quotations are advanced a trifle. Sales of 20,000 dollars in
Treasury draughts at li, and 2,000 dollars at 11 per cent.
premium. . . .

" The transactions in stocks continue limited ; prices show
no variation of any moment for several days. United States
Bank closed irm to-day at 1184.
" Nov. I.—. There has been no change in the state of the
money-market for a week past. Stocks generally have been
exceedingly flat, and but little done in anything.
" There was a fair business done in bills on Europe for the
packets sailing on the tst of November. The transactions
were chiefly at I'4l per cent. on England; sf. 921 c. to sf. 95c.
on France; 42 cents. on Holland ; 371 c. on Hamburg, and 84
to 841 cents. on Bremen. The amount of specie going for-
ward in these packets will probably be limited.
" PHILADSLPHIA MONET-MARKET.-From Bichnell's Re-
porter of Tuesday we learn that money continues abundant on
good securities, and the Banks are pursuing the even tenour
of their way preliminary to a resumption of specie payments.
Specie continues to command a considerable advance, and y-et
the disposition to hoard it is not so strong as formerly ; on
the contrary, small change is seen more frequently, while the
opinion every day strengthens, that but a few months will
elapse before specie mill be as abundant as ever. The corpo-
ration notes, says the Reporter, are, we must not forget to
observe, beginning to depreciate ; and we know of several lots
that were sold on Friday and Saturday last at a discount of 11
per cent. ; that is, IN per cent. less than the notes of the
various Philadelphia Banks. This depreciation is perfectly
natural under the circumstances. The corporation notes are
considered to be perfectly safe and good as an investment—
that is to say, they will no doubt be promptly paid at maturity ;
but, as they are mostly made payable one year hence, and
bear but an interest of one per cent., no one is disposed to
hold on to them for the purpose of obtaining the interest.
The Banks have become so flooded with them, that they re-
fuse to receive them on deposits except in small amounts.

" The business with the western merchants begins to flag,
although much bustle is still apparent among the various
transportation lines. The prcspects for the spring is of the
most encouraging character.
" ExcliasoF. ON NEW YORK.—The brokers in Philadel-
phia are drawing on New York at a premium of 1 per cent.
None of the banks are at present checking.
" ILLINOIS BANK.—The condition of the Illinois State
amk up to the 2d of October has been published in the last
state paper of Illinois. The assets and liabilities of the
bank correspond to a dollar. The gold and silver on hand
is put down at 509,512 dols. The amount in circulation i 3 not
published.
" BANK OF WEST UNION, 01110.—.T110 notes of this bank,
which hare not been very current in this city for same months
past, are now redeemed at 5 per cent. discount.

We had thought that the miseries cf unhaupy
Poland were incapable of augmentation. We had
imagined that the tyranny of the monster NICHO-
LAS could not extend beyond the massacre, the
expatriation, and the condemnation to perpetual
slavery of thousands upon thousands of the gallant
defenders of the liberties of that still chivalrous
and once mighty nation. When informed of the
butchery of several hundred infants on their way to
Siberia—of the mock-trials got up for the judicial
murder of even Polish matrons, for the purpose of
depriving them of their property—of the mad attempt
of the CZAR to erase the very name of Poland froth
the list of nations, we came to the conclusion that the
worst had happened—that no greater outrage could be
committed against Poland and her gallant population.
But we were mistaken. An outrage upon Poland--
upon humanity—a thousand times more atrocious, has
since been committed by the express command of the
CZAR, of which we subjoin an account, furnished by
an eye-witness. It will be read with feelings of dis-
gust and horror ; and if there be virtue and honour in
England, will call forth a manifestation of opinion that
will make the Despot tremble on his Throne. Talk
of th horrors of popular revolution I Republican
France ❑ever perpetrated an enormity half so beastly
as the Imperial rape, of which the Emperor NI-
CHOLAS is here prayed guilty. To-morrow we shall
enter more at large into the subject of this brutal out-
rage upon the domestic purity of Poland, and the
public decency of all Europe :

LEMBERG (GALLICIA) SEPT. 10.-I hesitate sending
you this narration, recollecting the furious attacks to which
your account of the affair of " Anguel" subjected you, and
fearing that the matter of this letter will occasion a renewal
of them. The facts, however, are of so grave a character
that I cannot pass them over in silence, and from them you
may in some degree appreciate the progress of Russian ci-
vilization, the paternal tenderness characterizing which is so
much vaunted in some of the French journals.
You know that the camp of Woznesensk (Government of
Ekateriuoslaf ) has been selected this year for the grand
manoeuvres of the Russian cavalry. About this camp the
Government has established military colonies for the pur-
pose of bringing into cultivation the extensive farms and
lands belonging to the Crown, and it was wished that these
colonies should be in full activity on the arrival of the
German Princes who were expected at Woznesensk.
These colonies, however, consisted of soldiers only, they
having among them but very few women. In consequence
of which an imperial order was issued enjoining the different
authorities of Volhyniai Podolia and Ukraine to call upon
the administrators of the confiscated property of the revo-
lutionary Poles of 1830, and to obtain by them a levy of
600 young women for the service of the camp of Wozne-
sensk. According to this order, the yonng women were to
be between the ages of 16 and 20, and as good-looking and
well-formed as possible.

The administrators set about executing this order, but
on the report getting abroad in some of the villages, the
women and young girls took to flight, and sought a refuge
in the midst of the forests, and of the deserts. In other
places the peasants declared that they would oppose by
force the execution of such an order, and that while life
remained they would defend their daughters, their sisters,
and their brides.

_
The administrators thinking that a resistance announced
with so much resolution and energy might be attended
with serious disorders, addressed a report to the Govern-
ment, who forthwith sent several detachments of troops,
with a direction to put the order in execution by force.
This was done. The peasants were tracked like wild
beasts, the young maidens torn from the bosom of their
families, and the soldiers, notwithstanding the efforts of the
officers to execute their duty as humanely as possible.
committed numerous acts of violence. Scenes the most
appalling took place on the lands of Human, belonging to
Count Alexander Potocki, and on those of Zinkow, be-
longing to the Princess of Wirtemberg, sister to Prince
Adam Czartoryski.
On several occasions the peasants, armed with scythes
and with sticks, sustained a furious contest with the soldiers,
but they were obliged in the end to yield to numbers :
some were killed, others imprisoned, and delivered up to
