DUTCH EMBARGO.

Mr. Alderman THOMPSON presemed a petition from
the merchants and shipowners of Sunderland, complaining
of the continuance of the embargo on Dutch vessels and
property, which occasioned a complete stagnation of th,
trade hitherto carried on between that port and Holland,
by British shipping. The Hon. Member then pre-
sented a petition from the same place, complaining of
the taxation on the merchant shipping for the support of
Greenwich Hospit il, from which merchant seamen could
obtain no advantage. Also a petition from the same place,
in favour of the Jewish Emancipation Bill ; and one
from the Cordwainers' Hall, London, against slavery.
An HoN. MEMBER. contended that it was prepostermls
that the seamen in the merchant service should he called
upon entirely to maintain an hospital for the succour of
sea
imennstoitfuttin.hoenavy, who pay nothing towards that excel-
lent

Sir M. W. RIDLEY had understood that the Govern-
ment would have taken this subject into consideration, in
consequence of his (Sir M. W. Ridley's) having given no-
tice of a Bill to relieve the merchant seamen of thi,

unjust tax.
Mr. HILL could not see why the funds should not b>•
male good out of the general income of the country.

After observations of a similar nature from other Hon.
Members, the petition to which the discussion referred
was laid, with others, on the table.

Mr. JAMES OSWALD presented petitions from the
county of Renfrew, for the better observance of the Sah-
baili ; also a petition from Bridge Town, praying the
House to take into consideration the distressed state of the
hand loom weavers, signed by 1,507 persons. The peti-
tion prayed the establishment of a board to regulate the
price of labour; this, however, the Hon. Member did not
think practicable.
Mr. GILLON thought the establishment of Boards
of the description prayed for in the petition oJght to take
place.

Mr. HILL said that all attempts at legislation between
master and -ervant had been productive of Oa t worst effects.
Mr. HUTT presented petitions against slavery from
Kingston-upon-Hull, and from the same pace complaining
of the inequality of parochial rates in that town and its
neighbourhood.
Mr. DUGDALE presented petitions from Sutton,
Goldfield, and Hill Morton, for the better observance of
the Sabbath, and against the Beer-shops. Also a petition
from Wollaston, for the Abolition of Slavery.
Mr. GLADSTONE presented a petition from Rut-
arlington against Negro Slavery. The Honourable Mem-
ber would take that opportunity of adverting to the
statement made by a Noble Lord (Howick), the
other night relative to the increase of mortality of slaves
in the island of Demerara, and more particularly on the
estates of his (Mc. G.'s) father in that colony, attrittuting
it to the manner in which they were worked. That was
not the case, but the cotton and coffee trade decreasing,
the slaves were obliged to assist in the cultivation of sugar,
which was a much more pernicious occupation.
An HON. MEMBER said that, on the part of the colony
of Grenada, he wished to correct some of the statements
made the other evening by the Right Hon. Secretary for
the Colonies.

Before entering upon that statement the Hon. Member
said, that with respect to the question immediately b. fore
the House, xnd admitting the period had arrived when it
must be. set at rest in all probability by grsnting emanci-
pation, he could not give his consent to the proposition
of the Hon. Secretary of State for the Colonies. If a
measure of this nature were brought forward, be would
feel it to be his duty to offer it his most strennous oppo
sition.

Mr. LYALL presented a petition from the merchants,
traders, arid shipowners of the Port of London, 'elating to
the Dutch emb irgo, and complaining of the serious conse-
quences and injury that had resulted to the commerce of
Britain from its imposition, and praying the House to
take the subject into immediate consideration. The Hon.
Member cordially supported the prayer of the petition ;
and also presented sever al from the wards of Coleman-street,
Bi oad-street, and Cornhill, against slavery.
Mr. GASKILL presented a petition from a place in
Shropshire relative to corporation abuses.
Mr. OLIPHANT presented a petition against the
Scotch Burgh Reform Bill, from Bath ; also from the
bakers' corporation of that pl ice to the same effect ; also
a petition from the tailors' corporation of the same place
against the proposed Bankrupt Laws for Scotland.,
Mr. Sergeant SPANKIE presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Islington in favour of the better observance
of the Sabbath.

Mr. FOLKES presented several peitions to the same
effect.

Mr. GILLON presented petitions for the immediate
abolition of slavery, from the clergy and magistrates of
Bathgate, from the Political Union of Glasgow, and from
a place in Kincardine ; also a petition from the magistrates
anti other inhabitants of Lanark, against the Burgh
S'otch) Reform Bill ; also, a petition to the same effect
fro n the borough of Ayr.
Me. TOOKE presented a petition from St. Dunstan's,
Fleet-street, and St. Andrew's, Holborn, complaining that
the members of Inns of Court were exempt of poor's rates,
and against extra-parochial places in the city of London.
Mr. PEASE supported the petitions.
Mr. TOOKE also presented a petition from a place in
Hampshire, praying the House to take steps for allowing
the London University to confer degrees in arts, law, and
medicine, by giving them a charter. He would on an
early opportunity bring the subject formally before the
House.
Mr. R. POTTER supported the petition.

Mr. J. SMITH also supported the petition.

After the presentation of several other petitions of no
public interest, the Speaker left the chair.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)
