;The 10:lotring t!ers are 211 aat are • '
,vortli extracting tr ant a I..lai.dets Mail r,...circtl

his mot :Ting :

" Bau‘st.Ls, &Err 25 —Some Etigl'•l) went

yesterday to ll'att-t too, and ga..e ~the Civrgywa''
a rs.tnn of money to he dist t ;bitted among the l'°`)c
of the place: 1114 S H. ct or generosity I not the' •
early "t►r ut the Mod, it is frequently repeated... ,
" SE n 14.—The English. Brigantine
Cordelia has arrived at Leghorn in tlaysb
'vont- Algiers, n hit tlispa• cites from Lord 14-Ix'
-niontlt, to all the Cottftt of Eirope. It has ""
Ij.niterCtl live Tuscan suljects reselicd nom slavery
ley Ole victory of tl:e
iv, n
LJEKLIN, SEPT. is.--in one of out Journals
there is tic following article
" It is well known that in the discussions which hare lAel
hl. ce respectim: the estate* sold in flcsie by the Westphalian •
Government, l't ussia has lechired for the validity of tires
-saita.--In re vet to thi Lands of the /thin-v-6i Corveyot 1030
precisely like Hesse, were given to Westphalia without thy
consent 'of its lawful proprietor, the Prince of (MANI'S, 04
which is now united to Prussia, this power has a0,,1 ttlrntt
the principle, " that the legal Acts and Conventions of t°o
" Fite Westphalian Government were binding upon thef
Prin.ces whose territories -were recognised by the Trcatl°
" Tilsit, as forming a part of the Kingdom of Westphoil
even when those Princes have not formally repo luct,'
" thoni." The lietilar'atiotr in the Treaty of Paris, I°l4
an..alling the Treaty of Tilsit, has no effect except
to the public relations of the State; which were eontrii,,ti.le
r►
stles trithat Treaty, hot has no concern with the l'nc"
reliilioas which were legally formed during the rcace*

New-York Psperi to the 201 nit. Congrm (Ice
report of the total defeat of floLivAa, %di° 'v.°
the titohor of his own ruin. His Proelmwoi°3
for the elnanCipation or tlic sta Yes, tur3ol the
planter::, whO had hilletrto been netitr.,l, i.OO or
ponents, and ronsrd the inditferern-froto fr"
tbargy.. Strengthened by this aisistene, th°

Royal arms found no difficulty to conquer.
It seems, from a Corresnondetice ill the Nett*
York Papers between Mr. DALLAS and our COO
401... General for the United States, that somt:11114
exceedingly like fiend has been attempted ill CV3'
Sion of our rights under the late Treaty. Jr'
el
181 eba6,enthietrn British resscls th.stt the
pCoosie)sdulo,
finding that bis;he'
" the
Treaty allowed, sent in elllollStrAnte.
tib'
subject. 'rlie reply of Mr. DALLAS WWI in S
stance, that the General Government ..of the
United States would keep strietly withinihe
It
of the Treaty but that the separate GoverroileO4
of each State might impose local duties over %cl'it',4
11
the General GOvernment had no controul• ti"
bear constitutiunai principle in America, ail ".°
eat) say is, that the Arnerican Constitotio!'
very defective or a very fraudulesst catupassttutt

- .
From '1!)e Gazette of Saturday, and lirivi3fe
Letters from various ships etuployrd the c''l'et-
attack on Algrjers, we to-day offer a number
interesting particulars respecting that 1)1411'1'11j
achievement. The firmness and et-induct:oi 14(4e
Exarotrrn in redeeming the. two Spaniiod, :e
restoration of Cithens to many nations, and ei t
ransoms with which other States ''N,l robl)ttet's, .
their subjects from Slavery, afford glorious poi',
of the noble disinterestedness of
_Great
in this memorable occasion. The pertinacity 0.! b
Which tlre.DaY attempted to detain the SP"I'
Captives, shews 'how reluctantly the Abolitit'"l've
Christian Slavery has been wrung from
believe there is no security for; his °
ote
servanee of the Treat y but his terrors, 90"
sn
Wl'
fore rejoice that the 27th of August has a
distinctly marked on his memory as a thq .I"'t
to lieforgotten. 4,1' lee)
One of the letters front an Officer of the i
fort!
mentions, that the DEY in his letter to '- s
mount said, •'I have engaged-With.. many 10'6°,
yoll
but never knew -any like the ""
cail those your Peace:, Establishment SbiPs4
must those be yon use iu fr yr."

I'lli,contested Eked()lt for a Logo Nroto Pr°^
eds. iti-day.
The, attempt to bred; through the haftt.cy'''
,
storn of the City on this occasion iS
°if t"l.'
" 1"
the feln As of euality and liberalitil, Or

1.

H

1

tt';tys rtietttiffig with its tiartizatit the having the
tupgriurity in themsekts, and liberality the ex.
)clus'ion of all others from their fair rights.
'Tire present Lotto MAYOR has been a bustiing.
Magistrate, full of egotism, und,induced from his
Ism! of popularity to beStir 'himself in many
matters of Police-regulatiot which have ibeert
iiscfut to the connunnity, hut also in many
which have been absurd avid ridiculous. In this
We s'e to ground for departing from the common
Practice, and should rather hare supposed that
the Faction, sEltisted with the Credit they bad ob.
tsined through their own 'Chief • Mal.:istrate,.
I.votild at least have possetsed decency and can-
:dour enough to sutler the other side to have
Tegular turn, were it only for the sake • of•
'eotoparison. But no your Professors of
liberality are the most selfish men breathing.
We trilAfi however, that ttieir monopoly of Lord
I\layors wilt he signally defeated by the poi' sense.
and honour of the Livery, and the good City
Maxim, " Do as you would be done by."

Waft:, 29.—Arrived yesterday, and sailed
for Ole River:tire ; Alcyone, I).--
Vi;; ; and Jack Tar, 13E1.'1., from Jamaica ; Sarah
Ann. WATSON, horn Stirinain and
I.4rtn, from the Smith :Sea's.- Wind S.W.
Poturs,antnn , Svrt.'29 —At:rived:the Afelantho
'transport ti n) Qlleber•—Wind 8.,W•
PLYMOUTII, 28 —Arrive(' yesterday the
Gr.anictis frigate from Algiers, having suh'ered
lunch It, her hull. Arrived to-day the Minnie,
'halt of war from a.,,cruise, and Zephyr sloop of
Avar Trout St. Helena.
:DovKtt, SETT. 29.—Sailed the Venn. transport
for Harwich. Arrived the Boston I'ackrt and
-Coot! Statesman transports from Calais—the lat.
ter with lier sails split.--Wind W. S. W.
The following Officers have obtained promotion
for their gallant services at Algie; s :
(et'aain Rempt4urne, of 'the Belzebula, to the rank of
rost Captain, and to come home in 'Command of the Queen
Chat !old. Louts. Mitchell and ilurg'ess (Flag Lieut,),
Queen Charlotte; Lients.Saunders and Itevrins ;Flag. Lieut.),
I.ea:.ster ; Lieut, Horne, Superb; Lieut. It. Hay, Albion;
Pothin:lon, Impirgnohle; Lieut. J. K. Howell, Alin-
; Lieut, John Parsons Gr aiiittni ; Nl'Pherson,
.„.:14;tow; tient. Jaynes Parsons,
Sevetn; Lieut. petal-03w)
.tiebrus:—to the rank of Commander.

1)1r. Got.rismint, its bis Monitor,
nyg, he is Informed, that though M. DE CAZR is
the ostensible Leader of the recent political
change in France, the real persons who have tie..
eomplished the business are ST. CRICO, Pascwlea,
and BevoNnT, men of comparative obscurity and
deadly enemies to England.
7-spinctf-r:- •
'Private letters fcSup Lisbon 41-e reported to
State, that an immense number of failures had
taken place among the Merchantt, in consequence
tof the heavy speculations in coffee and sugar.
Yesteiday the Dicke of CAMBRInGE, Count
UUNSTRII, and Viscount CASTLRREAGH, had au-
vliences of the P“INCEIII(4ENT at Carltoll-1-1001SC.
I.It.it'IIASESTY Mtn the PRINCE REGiNT are both
Stated to intend visiting thighton this autumn.
Lord 'CASTLItREAGU left town this morning at
deck a &clock for Irelaml.
Duke Louis of ‘Vve-remsetto, the KING'S
brother, had an attach of apoplexy On the 25th
Litt but has recintred. •
The Emperor of AUSTRIA has !eft Schoenbrunn
for Agarten, the air of the latter being consider-
addy more favourable for his health.
Nl,nlAnte CATALANI arri,:ed on the 18th at Carls,
rube, and will be soon at Baden. She proposes,
to mire several conceits at Stiasburgh.
We are limppy to he able to state, that the ar'i;'
l'aegements made by the Bank respecting the
Cniwige have proved of tlie greatest utility, and
itove produced general satisfaction. The facilities
ivhich the Bank his afforded have now put an end
to must of the difficulties- that temporarily affected
she general use of the silver currency.
The Portuguese frigate Pcrola, Captain Mos-
RE, front Lisbon, having on hoard Compt e
PALkILA, who is appointed Ambassador to this
„efuintry, arrived. at Portsmont ft on Friilay.
Aexcellency landed on Saturday afternoon., under
tl salete, and yesterday set off for London. The
Pero), I,„s brmiglit. 55 Cases Of silver plate, a pre—;
sent from. the King :if PORTUGAL to his Grace 'the
Duke of WELLINGTON, in testimony 'of the exalted.
ethiiiration lie totertains of his great military ta,
lent s, and of the eminent services he has renticred
to The King, RS well its to the cause of Europe.
lit t: present consists of a table service for 55 per-
sons, with a variety of vases and temples for a
anquet, hvarbig most rich and superb allegorical
ptestutations of his,Grace's victories. The bid-
hon:alowe .cost .200,0001. and the first artists in
Patetipe•hare :been these two years variously en-
U,ged in the warkinanship;ol it. The Perula left
Lishou on the 4tli instant.
The Graniens left Gibraltar on the' 13th
histant. All the other ships were ready to sail ex-
t..pc the. Impregnable, which being in want of a
!lew main-mast., had to wait for it a short
lo three days wily after. the action .i 0 men died
(4 hum ti the Impregnable of their wounds. The
4,ther ships had suffered prollortionably in a simi-
-4r was.
CORN-EXCHANGE, SEPT. 30.. -Owing tli'6
c,witrary winds we had big a few fresh arthritis'
inoruing, and those priucipally from Essex,
41)(1 Kent, consequently fine old Wheat'Was taken
. at an advance of front ls.:to 2s, per quarter ;
out new Wheat continuing to come to hand' so
"'try inferior there is no demand for it. flarley.
li'+s 41611. -Fine Malt,suppOrted-its 'price. Pease
Iveic dull. I-laving a large supply ot-13caes, they
were J. per quarter cheaper. Pine Oats sold rea-
,'tilY ,it 411 atival.ce of Is. per quarter. In other
.4itnk of Grain there was no alteration.
, rill Ft I, LI), tiav's market visa amply sup-
uin-ime and the of Cattle inAlier.ttli4 •
Wt.s toimilerable; Beef and Mutton supported
and Vvoi seer.' cht,aperi aniftlye trade in geiti4lll'
LP , Preity lie miteA in [DP Havinarltet were wow.-
tajleit lihy ants straw obtained la'st -prices; Glover liar
a in
•
PEDEsTuta 'had, when he le4„
lot nioit, tone 717 tnil4.
