THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1840.

like protc.,?tion. That Gentleman took credit to himself for having
succeeded in carrying a large poriion of the Aborigines irom the
main land into finder's Island, but they died so fast while there
that they were obliged to be removed back again. In Van
Diemen's Land, it was a well known and ascertained fact,
that the Indians were shot at for marks, and shot by the
convicts as food for their dogs.—(Loud cries of " Shame,
shame.") It was also well known that the sailors in Barrow's
Straits had established a system of slavery under the eyes of the Bri_

Ugh Government, by selling the women after shooting the husbands.
They were taken to the neighbouring islands for the purpose of col-
lecting Kangaroo skins, and on the return of the sailors, if they found
that they had not collected a sufficient quantity of skins, they inflicted
upon these unfortunate women tortures which he could not even allude
to in the presence of ladies. These facts were well
authenticated, and it was well known that they were car-
ried on under the cognizance, but, he believed, not with
the approbation of the Government. Instances of still
greater atrocity, be believed, could be laid before them,
but he trusted he had made out a sufficient case to show
them the necessity of originating a society like the pre-
sene—(Hear, hear.) Having now pointed out the na-
ture of the Society he would submit to them a statement
of its means of operation. In the first place, they bad
very extensive means of collecting infoi mation from all
parts of the world. They submitted to the Committee re-
ports upon various distinct topics which, being approved
of, practical measures founded upon those views were sub-
mitted to the general body.—(M. D'lsambert here en-
tered the meeting, and took his seat on the platform,
amidst loud cheers.) They had correspondence with
persons holding official appointments in the Colo-
nies, and among others he would mention the
Governor of the Cape of Good Hope. Another
was a gentleman whom he saw near him on the
platform, Lieut.-General Henry Dundee Campbell, late
Governor of Sierra Leoue.—(Cheers.) By kind and
conciliatory measures be gained the confidence and esteem
of the Aborigines, and pointed out to them the Ineece-
sity of giving up their wild and roving habits, and his ef-
forts had been crowned with the most complete success.
He might also mention the names of Governors Hind-
marsh and O'Connell, of New South \Vales, who had
communicated with the Society at various times, expres-
sing their full approbation of the objects of the Society.
Another was Captain Hobson, the present Governor of
New Zealand, from whom a letter had been received a day
or two ago, by a member of the Committee, stating, that
the principles of the Society were fully carried cut in that
colony.—( Cheers.) Another class of correspondents were
travellers, and among them they had some of the most
distinguished in Europe. Humboldt, well known in the
scientific world, M. Rupel, the distinguished German
traveller, whose reception at his native town of Frankfort,
he ( Mr. Bell) had the pleasure of witnessing some seven
or eight years ago, and he could only say, that it was
most honourable and gratifying.—( Hear, hear.) They
had also Mr. Scoble, and Mr. Schomburg, who
had been sent out by the Geographical Society
on a purely scientific mission, and it was rather
singular that both he and Mr. Scoble, when he visited
British Guiana, had arrived at the same opinion, with re-
gard to the wrong, iefileted on the natives, and the best
means of redressing those wrongs.—( Hear.) In speak-
ing of correspondents he would have omitted a most im-
portant duty if, amongst the names of distinguished per-
sons, he omitted that of Dr. Charming of America. There
was also Professor Draper, Governor Evelyn, M. Blumen-
bech uf Bremen, M. Humboldt, to whom he had already
alluded, M. Reitter, of Haarlem ; and in France they
hod Dr. Beaumont, M. Gasperand, M. Grandpere, and
M. D'lsambert, who was now upon the platform, one of
tl.c most distinguished lovers of science and humanity, a
member of the Chamber of Deputies and one of the
Judges of the Court of Cassation.—( Cheers.) But it
was not accessary to enumerate his titles—his best title to
their cordial welcome was that he was the friend of the op-
pressed—that he was the Buxton of France.—( Loud
cheers.) In Spain they had Dan Flores Estrada,
Viscount Bendeira, and others; and, in fact, almost ail the
most eminent men in Europe, were among the eorrespon-
dews of this Society. They had also ethers, who were
not less valuable cr interesting, mnong the nativea namely,
the Chief of the Cold Water Indians, cud John Ross, the
Chief of the Cherokee Indians.—( Hear, hear. ) They
had also from the Miesior.arics ir.formatien of the most
valuable kind, and esnect dly from :litee points—Mr. illaf.
fat, who was engaged in the heart of Africa ; Mr. Rice,
who was on a like eaission in Canada ; and the Mores tan
Brethren in Australia. Information of the most authentic
kind was received from these sources; and he thought
they were justified in saying, that wherever genius and
benevolence was to be found—aed true genius was always
found associated with virtue—there the voice of the
S :ciety nes heard. Let them not despair. Tire iia-
tellect and humanity of the world was with them, and the
Society, although few in number, and weak iii funds, had
produced a great moral influence ; and it was by morel
influence alone that great results could be achieved. Bj
morel influence the emancipation of the blacks had been
accomplished ; and by it Wilberforce, and Clark em, and
Granville, and others, hod achieved their peaceful
triumphs, and :,rung from the iron heeds of reluctent Go-
vernments those measures which had terminated in the
emancipation of the slaves. —( Lewd Ono ring ) he was
to moral influence, and to it alone, they were to lo it fur
any extensive triumph of their principle's. He was anxi-
ous before he sat down to observe, in reference to the ques-
tion of colonization, which scented to be in some measure
connected with the objects of the Society, that while they
never mixed themselves up with colonial enterprise they
were tint opposed to colonization, which they conslth,,d
as the inevitable consequence of an increase of population
I in old countries, and as one of those resources of which
nations had always availed themselves. But that Society,
instead of opposing colonization, was calculated to assist
it, and above all to direct it into proper channels. Its
object was to purify the system of those evils which had
hitherto accompanied it, and it was to be hoped that that
object would not be frustrated.—( Hear, hear, hear.) It
might be thought by some that the designs of the Society
embraced too vast a field, but it should be remembered
that they looked to the dissemination of their doc-
trines as the best means of ensuring their triumph. The
smallest seed when once sown in a proper soil ex-
panded into countless blossoms, and it was to be hoped
that the propagation of these lessons which it was the ob-
ject of the Society to teach, would lead to future good, of
which no one could foresee the extent.—(Cheers.) Mr.
Bell concluded by supporting the re,olution.
The resolution that the report should be received, and
that a committee should be appointed, consisting of Mr.
Allan, Mr. O'Connell, Sir Augustus D'Este, and others,
was then put and unanimously agreed to.
Mr. O'CONNELL, who, on rising to address the meeting,
was loudly cheered, proposed the next resolution, which
was to the effect that every possible means should be taken
to encourage the education of the aborigines in our colonies,
and especially that young natives should be brought over
and educated in this country. The Hon. and Learned
Gentleman then said, that if he required any apology for
addressing himself to the meeting, he might perhaps find
it in the simple fact that he appeared among them an
Aborigine himself—( Hear, hear, and a laugb)—and he
therefore felt a personal sympathy for the native inhabi-
tants of every other country.—( Hear, hear.) A vast ex-
tent of misery and of guilt, of suffering, and of crime, and
the horrible devastation of nations, had unfortunately been
the consequences of the spread of colonization, and of the
extensive occupation of countries heretofore uncivilized ;
and he did not exaggerate when he said that among
the greatest crimes of mankind should be reckoned
first and foremost the destruction of aboriginal inha-
bitants in lands visited by the steps of civilised man. He
was not at all exaggerating when he said that no other
human event led to evils so multitudinous.—( Hear.)
Let them cast their eyes for a moment on the map of the
globe, and they would find that the history of those coun-
tries which Europeans had colonised in latter centuries
was marked by the traces of their guilt and oppression.—
( Hear.) They need not go as an exemplification of that
to the East Indies, where the natives suffered all the evils
of unt'ertainty of tenure with the certainty of fiscal in-
justice—of the ruin of their peace and of their commercial
' prosperity, and that slow and gradual process of oppres-
sion which had ground down vast multitudes and subjected
them to the periodical recurrence of terrific famines and
malignant disease.—( Hear, hear.) He need not, however,
dwell on the case of the East Indies, because, another
Society had taken up that subject, and it would be well he
should leave it in the hands of that body. He would,
therefore, come nearer home, and he would ask what had
England done in New South Wales ?—( Hear, hear.)
He would tell them at once that she had annihilated
the Aborigines there either by destructive violence or by
by the force of her institutions. They had already heard
of Van Diemen's Land, and of the slaughter which daily
took place of the natives there, either as an amusement or
for the purposes of a horrible traffic. With regard to the
case of New Zealand, he believed that if some protection
were not given to the natives there, they would soon be
counted among the people that were forgotten, and a new
chapter would be added to the history of those crimes
which had taken place under the rule of Great Britain.
Let them go the American Continent, and they would
find that the first invasion of the Spaniards destroyed my.
riads of innocent, and peaceful, and kindly people, and
the descendants of these inhabitants had been driven to
work in the mines, and were so employed at the present
day, where they never saw the daylight except when it
might answer the purposeeestoofntlwiehirichhartdhetasskp-amn.itastredrss,waenrde
where they perished in thschoduairdkuneosst
be
ef
ddeenspicadirt.i—iern(letahre.y)
blhijo had spared a portion of the e%Bvneutritet l tetldhi eerteo
onlytps ra
praise,
se
eojnp ewl
ehs,Aiuc,
na-
tive inhabitants, and the Indians among them had
been allowed to retain titles of distinction, and to
mix with the imported Spaniards themselves. But
let them go farther North, sad let them begin
with the British colonies in North America, and especially
with Canada. They had already heard what had been the
policy of Sir Francis Head, a man whom it would be lu-
I dicrous to name if he had not been pieced in a situation
which enabled him to do an incalculable quantity of mis-
chief. He had invented a plan of civilising the natives by
driving them from their homes, and sending them from the
forests, where they were accustomed to support themselves
by hunting, to an island where there were no beasts to
hunt. —( Hear, hear.) The country was besides too bar-
ren to raise corn, and as they wore unable to raise it, he
laid down this political apothegm, that those men were un-
fit to be farmers while they were in an island where there
was no farming.—( Hear, hear, and laughter.) That
would be singularly ridiculous if it were not horrible.
Those people, however, lied been relieved from their de-
grading position by the rebellion in Canada ; but if that
rebellion had not taken place the calamities which they en-
dured would probably have been continued. During the
insurrection they had stood in the foremost ranks of the
British troops. They were loyal and devoted to that Go-
vernment which had oppressed them, arid they had sealed
with their blood their title et least to live in their own ha-
, laita,icus.—( Long continued cheering.) Let them look
',O North America anal they would find the friends
of liberty there eith tare most outrageous proclamations
of demos:retie principles, holding in the one hand the red
I cap and the nig of liberty, and in the other the lash which
i they 'Killed to the back of thr! opprer sad and insulted

neserre—e Hear, hear, ) The Aboriginal inhabitants on
fee ether hand were driven Isom valley to valley, frou bill
to hill, aml from river-side to river-side ; they were now
sent to the wild plains of the Missouri, to be driven from
thence again, as their invaders advanced, and to be soon
perhaps, completely extirpated from the face of the earth.
._( Hear, hear.) There was a particular State which he
wished to refer to. It was the State of Texas, composed
of marauders, who, on finding that the Spanish Govern-
ment had abolished slavery, had been instigated by the
United States to form a kind of banditti, who not only
sanctioned the perpetuation of negro slavery, but esta-
blished as one of the principles of their confederacy, the
extermination of the native inhabitants, the Red Indians.
He had thus drawn hastily a general outline of the history
of their country, which had been stained by the guilt of
slavery. He bad stated that mass of human misery for
the purpose of showing that the time had come for
arousing British sympathy and British humanity, and in
order to awaken from its slumbers that British benevo-
lence in favour of those people who had no other hope of
relief if England did not throw over them the
shield of its protection.—( Cheers.) Perhaps, even that
could not save them, but it was the only resource to which
they could turn. The very eloquent gentleman who had
preceded him, had told them of particular individuals who
had exerted themselves in the cause in various countries.
But what could isolated individuals do ? They might
distinguish themselves as many honourable gentlemen
then around him had done in Germany, Prussia, or France;
but in order to effect any extensive good there should be
a mighty movement of the national mind—there must be a
grand exertion of national benevolence, and it was in
England alone that a great body, animated with such pur-
poses, could be found or framed.—( Hear, bear.) Per-
haps, however, the best means of awakening British
sympatbywould be to refrain from describing from country to
country the mass of misery which he had detailed, and which
from its magnitude almost ceased to make an impression,
and to point cut cases of individual suffering. When
they talked of tho destruction of thousands, the calamity
was so vast CI it could not be propecly felt, but let him
take the case o: I. single family—let him take the case of
a husbard and a wife, comforted by the fruits of their
industry.und ing contented in the home of their ancestors,
enjoying at least all the advantages which savage life
could '.,estow. Let them, then, suppose the spoiler came
am: ee• them, 1.--AI:1g away one parent anti then another—
let in:ante, ee joined in the scene of devastation, and he
was sue_ oleic was not one among them who would not
conternp.ate with pity
such a scene.—( Hear, hear.) But
the sceec he had described was repeated beyond calculation,
an-. cc,ltinued :o oe repeated up to this present hour. Let
~..ono ask him Low individuals could put an end to those
evi.s. Let no .nee put such a question, for he would reply
with another-. ;.at was it which individual benevolence
could no_ ac. ..ve when engaged in a great and glorious
cause ? ars. ) Why, was it not known that by their
exerti ne, they had saved the Hill Coolies of India last
night ..-( Loa:. aau continued cheering.) Casting aside the
trs reels of p. , regardless of the fate of the Govern.
, and act, to I soiely by a desire to prevent an in-
ere .se of e ho. and an accumulation of the evils which a
revival aee e would entail, he thanked God that, though
po week es t: lent, but ardent in zeal in a holy cause, he
had w i.a ()triers secured last night the principle that
no (I. Hill Coolies should be sacrificed to the Mammon

. .gi. iu the Mauritius.—(Cheers.) But that was
tne sm, result of the mighty movement which
Clarkson he i eegun, which Wilberforce bad carried on,
and of w • euxton bad lived to see the triumph.
There r • i est: 8,000 slaves at the Cape of Good Hope a
few y s ag and, thank God, they were there no longer
now Tee parent looked, six years ago, on his boy, not
k.a w g the moment he might be torn from him—six
ego th reser wept that she had given birth to a
eh, LI which eso alone could not be a source of joy ; for
she beheid et.be, and knew not whether it belonged to
her or ) , , ant master. But, blessed be God I they had
put a err.! to that, and these scenes were no more._
( Gee F , ) in the B•iiish dominions, at least, they were
n ere to be witnessed. But to whom was that owing ?
y sad neither cavalry nor infantry to aid them—the
tit p of battalions was unheard, but they had that which
was stronger than legion=—they were surrounded by men
of benevolence and charity, and Englishwomen lent their
eid,—(Cheers.)A mighty mass of slavery was thus
brought to an end,—(Cries of " Hear, bear,") England
had already sacrificed 20,000,000/. in the cause. And
was he to be told that in a country which had
made such a sacrtfico, and which had achieved so much
the sun of humanity lied set—that the tide of charity Lad
ceased to flay, and that any party could be more sue-
ces,sful in a moral point of view than the tyrant Canute,
who had bid the waves stand still ? Would there be found
a Canute who should tell the waters of British charity
that they should cease to roll ?—( Cheers. ) He would
not—he could not—believe it. Ail that was necessary
was, that the facts of the case should be known, and British
humanity would then rally and support the oppressed:
What he wanted was that the British mind should be
brought to consider the subject—what he wanted was that
it should become the object of familiar conversation and
of familiar thought. Was there anything more glorious
than humanity ? Was there anything more delightful?
And he was not profane in asking if there were anything
more likely to bring down a blessing from God ?—(Hear,
hear.) All that was necessary was that the cause
which they advocated should be brought under public
consideration again and again. That was the only chance
of making an impresion on the public mind. They might
believe him, for he was an agitator of some standing.—
( A laugh.) They might believe him when he told them,
if they felt a grievance, to proclaim it to-day and to-mor-
row, and he had almost used an Irish phrase, and said, on
yesterday—( A laugh)—but that they had already done.
Let the drop of water flow till it wore away even the hardest
iock.—( Hear, hear.) But let it be recollected that it
was not on a rock they had to operate, but on the genial
softness of the British heart.—( Hear, hear.) Let them
rally in the cause. That was the smallest room he had
yet seen in Exeter Hall, but he hoped that before another
year the largest would not hold them. There was
nothing unjust—nothing interested—in their undertaking.
There was nothing to impel them but their own humanity.
There was much to encourage them in their labours.
There was no organised opposition against them ; and the
cause was one in which every one might join. Whatever
practicable measures they migat propose to the House of
Commons would be sure to be adopted. But that would
not be enough. They should, as the resolution recom-
mended, provide, if possible, fur the education of the chil-
dren of the Aborigines in the different colonies. They
should, above all, endeavour to extend, without interfering
in particular questions of religion, the truths of the Gospel
--they should aid their missionaries of every sect in their
efforts to spread the light of Christianity among those
people, and civilization would follow in its footsteps; for
if they were not twirebrothere, Christianity brought with
it civilization wherever it reached.—( Cheers ) Let there
be no contention therefore among particular sects, but let
them look on each other as generous rivals. Let him
tell them that numbers among the order of the Jesuists—
once so formidable a name in this country—heel devoted their
labours to the Indian Mission, and that no less then thirty
of them had been put to death in Cochin-China and its
vicinity within the last eighteen months. Let them bring
in aid of their object that organization which had rendered
the anti-slavery cause triumphant. Let them commence
that mighty struggle which would give justice to the waive
inhabitants of our colonies—which would restore to the
red man a right to his own home—which would give the
' dusky-coloured man a claim to live on his own land—which
would impart to them t he advantages of Christianity and
civilization, and which, while it did them inestimable good,
would bring down the blessing of Providence on those
who were engaged in so holy a cause.--( Loud cheers.)
M. IsesmenT then addressed a few words to the meet-
ing in French, which were afterwards translated by Dr.
Bowring. He said that he wished to state a fact
honourable to the Kieg of the French. Some
of the Aborigines in French Guiana had approached
the territory of the colonists there, but were driven back
and cruelly treated. The fact had been made known to
his Majesty, Louis Philippe, and he (M, Isambert) had
had an opportunity of hearing his Majesty express his re-
gret at the circumstance. His Majesty conveyed his feel-
ings on the subject to the Governor of Guiana, and ordered
that the Aborigines should henceforward be treated With
kindness. Many attempts had been made to induce the
French Chamber of Deputies to consent to the extermina-
tion of the natives of Algiers, but such motions were al-
ways repelled by the Chamber, as they were determined
on maintaining their ascendency, while they respected the
rights of the Aborigines. He mentioned these facts for
the purpose of showing that the feelings of the French
people were in favour of those principles which the So-
ciety advocated.—( Hear.)
Mr. WILLIAM EVANS, M P., seconded the resolution
which had been moved by Mr. O'Connell. He thought
that education would be the surest means of ameliorating
the condition of the Aborigines in our colonies. Ile re-
membered having lately mentioned to a member of the
Government an anecdote which showed that the natives of
New South Wales had fire arms, and the gentleman ex-
pressedtkhneomws
etihv ae th ee
(Mr.e Evans)ilad Omllle en t
imo
his satisfaction at hearing that, as he was glad to
neeadns of defending
that merely in
order to have an opportunity of observing how much more
might be done for those natives, by teaching them the arts
of peace.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. HODGKINS supported the resolution• The Abo-
rignes in our colonies had heretofore been exposed to the
greatest calamities. He would give an instance with
which he had become acquainted. In Southern Africa a
body of British marauders had attacked the tribe of
Zoolas, and had first murdered 3,000 of them, and after-
wards exterminated the entire race. The intelli-
gence, however, was received in the colony as a
matter of rejoicing. It was by similar means
that the Aboriginal inhabitants of other colonies
had been made to disappear. He was convinced that the
best mode of ameliorating the condition of Aborigines was
that which was recommended by the resolution. It was
by a similar expedient that Peter the Great had succeeded
in civilising tineia, and it was also now resorted to by
Mehemet A. Egypt.
to
Mr. Piece. c I Portsmouth, was anxious to offer a sug-
gestion the meeting. It would perhaps bedifficult
estebi sir( 0.,. gas in this country fur the education of Abori-
gines, cut there was another way in which the object of the
resottoion rt ie,.t be carried out. Individuals might
Lr rig; up y: t n.,natives in their families, and he had
b enc.en instances in which such a source had led
to t•ruff re
resolution was then
141 -CAN('
'9l" a gentleman who had been appointed
t.. ever, * • • tp :0 ...,eyion, rose to propose the next resole-
ee, the eurpo.e. of which was a vote of thanks to the
in qu..e.oun t.e.re entitled to their best acknowledgments tevtign iec 'St ,the •
Society lie felt great pleasure in
EDNARD BUXTON said lie had
moving sac
put and unanimously carried.
. pe - resolution, as thought the gentlemen
'cc's in the cause.—( Hear, hear.)
for th osvledgments
great pleasure in
sect .riling t e resolution which had just been proposed.
:Ai id salter, taken part in a more interesting meeting
r the a to .e 1.3, or in a more instructive one, and he was
g,pd to is thanks to those gentlemen from foreign
etunee• had honoured them by their presence; but
there .vas addition that he thought ought to be made to
! the k solution be was seconding, arid that was, he thought,
tee) -ught to thank the gentleman who bad proposed the '

resolution,—(Cheers.) Wbcn lie considered that he was
asieus to leave ,his se entry fr r a isied ti are he .'.last en-
doubtediy exercise great influence, he considered the
anxiety he had manifested to benefit its Aboriginal inha-
bitants of our colonies, and his taking part in the proceed-
ings of that meeting, showed his intention of doing what
he could for the inhabitants of Ceylon.—(Cheers.) He
thought what Dr. Hodgkin had said was true, that there
was not one cause in the world more pressing os more im-
portant than the one which they were then assembled to
protect—except, perhaps, the cause of the suppression of
the slave trade, which was of the greatest importance, and
which he believed seas a greater source of destruction to
human life and human happiness than any other ; but he
believed that the subject of the treatment of the Abor-
igines was the next in importance to the African slave
trade. As gentlemen of great talents were to follow him
he would not detain the meeting longer, but would at once
second the resolution.—( Cheers. )
The CHAIRNIAN was about to put the resolution to the
meeting, when he was interrupted by
Mr. JAMES CANNING FULLER, who wished to say Some-
thing to the resolution—(Cheere)—to prevent the Chair-
man putting the motion, because before it was put he
wished to have an opportunity of stating his approval of
the objects of the Society. He regretted that any com-
parison had beer instituted between the slave and the In-
dian. He had often seen the fugitive slave seeking refuge
with the Indian, who was so much better off than himself
that their condition would not bear a comparison. Give
me liberty or death said the fugitive slave ; but the Indian,
although driven from his home and his fireside, took with
him that which was dearer than anything else in the:world—
his wife and his children.--(Cheers.) Butiif it were per-
mitted to a human being to denounce woe, he would say,
4‘ Woe to the men, woe to the nation, which had driven the
red man from the soil of his birth." He was glad allusion
had been made to the Cherokee Indians; he almost re-
gretted that this resolution had not been proposed in its
numerical crder-10. He was a mere cypher in such a
meeting. He regretted the absence of their friends who
had just gone out, and who might be considered as the
suns of the political, moral, and religious firmament; but
as they were gone, perhaps a little light might be
thrown upon the subject by a star as small as himself.
He would take' thel liberty of stating a few facts to the
meeting. He .did not regret, although he was a man of
peace, as his garb betokened, that long guns had been
mentioned, because it reminded him of the Florida In-
dians, who lived in swamps and morasses. It was stated
in the Report that the transporting these Indians beyond
the Mississippi had cost 1000 lives. That statement he
hoped they would correct—it should be 20,000. There
was something besides this removal from his home
that gave the Indian concern. He could prove that an
old Indian who had been forced to leave his home and
friends, had said that all he asked was, that they would let
him return to his own fire-side, or altar, to offer up a
prayer to the Deity before his departure. The white
men would not suffer him That was what they feared—
they feared the prayers of the red man.—(Cheers.) He
was glad the Society had remonstrated with the President
of the United States against the employment of blood-
hounds in hunting down the unfortunate Indians. Who
suffered from the employment of bloodhounds? The
Indian men ? No ! It was the squaws and papooses—
the wives and the children. It chilled his blood to think
that a nation, professing to be a civilized and a Christian
nation, should hunt down women and children with blood-
hounds. He often read in the newspapers in his own 1
country of great victories won over the Indians—and what
was the result of the victory ? Why, the taking
captive, perhaps, three or four men, and a
great many women and children. He lived
near a tribe of Indians,—within
,twenty miles of them—,
a part of those who were to be removed during the next
ten years to the west of the Mississippi. and he thought it
right to state, that. in a year of scarcity, which had oc-
curred about four years since, these Indians had actually
brought into the market, for the consumption of the white
men, more agricultural produce than their white neigh-
bours. He believed great good would be produced
by these exertions of their British friends, by keeping
the American Aborigines' Protection Societies up to the
mark. Until he had conic there he was ignorant of the ex-
istence of en Aborigines' Protection Society in America ;
but as he lived in a State which was itself considerably
larger than the island of Great Britain, it might perhaps
account for his ignorance. There was a strong feeling
in the United States of good on behal of their coloured
brethren, however the Government might endeavour to
prevent its having cll.:et. He believed that this Society
was possessed of considerable influence which it could
exert en their behalf. There were upwards of 200,000
Indians, who were settled now west of the Mississippi.
It was to be expected that these would have wars with
their white neighbours, and wars among themselves, to
which they would fall a sacrifice ; large numbers
of them also fell sacrifices to the small-pox.
At the yearly meeting of the Society of Friends, to which
he belonged, it had ben proposed to make propositions
to the different yearly meetings of Friends throughout the
American continent, to send Friends among these Indians
to eiviVz.• them.—( Cheers.) The great yearly meeting
of New York had subscribed 1,090 dollars towards this
great cbjeot, and the yearly meeting of New England had
acceded to the proposition, and he felt justified in saying
that the yearly meeting of New York was prepared to go
on with this work, as they felt confidence that even should
they themselves want funds to continue it, the Society of
Friends in this country would willingly lend them a helping
hand.—( Cheers. ) He had not long since visited two In-
dian settlements ; in one of them a Presbyterian minister
and his wife, who were resiiing among them, bad conver-
ted and civilized many. They had learned the Indian
language, and the wife had e•,mpited a primer, out of
which she taught the Indian children to read. Among the
Nlutiocorry Indians the Wesleyan Methodists had converted
many thousands—they had pursued a right course.

Hitherto it had been the custom of those who were de-

irons of civilizing the Indians to make settlements on the
border of the ludian settlements, for by the law of the
United States they were prevented making settlement, on
the Indian territory ; but at Free Bay the Metho-
dists had taken their free labour schools right
into the middle of the Indian settlement, and that
was the proper way to civilize them.—( Cheers.) The
great curses of the Indians were field-arms and spirits.—
( Cheers.) They might take what pains they liked, but
it would be of little avail if they carried with them a barrel
of whiskey.—( Cheers.) An Indian had brought to a
chief of another tribe a keg of whiskey—the chief took his
tomahawk and knocked in the head of the keg ; the
whiskey of course was spilled, and the chief observed that
wherever the whiskey was spilled it had killed the grass,
and ho concluded that what was so fatal to vegetable
life must be equally fatal to animal life. He said he had
smelt the devil for three days after the keg had been
broken.—(Cheers and laughter.) Allusion had been
made to treaties. A treaty bad been made with the Indians
that they should remove across the Mississippi in five years.
It had since been ascertain,d how these conditions had

been made with the Indians respecting emigration.
The Indians who had voted in favour of this emigration
had been actually bribed to do so. Upwards of 20,000
dollars had been expended bribing them by those who were
to possess the lands when the Indians should quit it; and
they were moreover to be permitted to remain on the land,
so that those who had voted for the emigration were to re-
main, and those who had voted against it were compelled
to leave their homes; and out of 3,000 votes which had
been taken on that occassion, 2,700 had voted against the
emigration, and yet these people were to be compelled to
quit their lands. This was the case in the Buffalo reser-
vation. —(Cheere.)
M. ISAMBERT returned thanks :in the name of the
French Institution.—(This gentleman spoke in French,
aed the purport of his address was translated by Dr.
Bowring. )
The CHAIRMAN said M. L'lnstant, who was present,
was a native of Hayti. He had obtained the prize which
had been effered by the French Society for the best Essay
on the prejudices arising from differences of complexion,
and perhaps it would be gratifying to the meeting if he
were to address there.—(Cheers..)
M. L'INSTANT being thus called upon, presented
himself to the meeting, and was received with loud
cheers. He proceeded to address the meeting in French,
and his speech was subsequently translated by Dr. Bow-
ring. He said that it was not without emotion that he
presented himself before such an assembly, met together,
as they were, to comfort and assist the unfortunate Abe-
rigires of colonized colonies. He was a native of Hayti.
Hayti had been unfortunate. She had suffered from those
who deemed the continuance of slavery necessary. Un-
fortunate herself, she learned to pity those who were in
misfortune. He, the descendant of the abolitionists of
slavery, was happy in being present at a meeting such as
the present ; and Hayti, which had suffered so much, would
be happy to assisti in mitigating the sufferings of others,
and to help in putting a step to their sufferings.—( Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
The CHAIRMAN said, that when he had first taken the
chair, he had informed the meeting that he could occupy
it for a short time only; but the proceedings of the meet-
' ing had been so interesting, and the instruction and in-
formation he had received from their friends had been so
great, that he had forgotten the appointments he had
made ; but since he had been there he had received
a summons of such importance, and of so pressing a nature,
that he felt he could not disobey Before he left them,
however, he wished to read them a passage of a letter
which he had received since the commencement of the
meeting. It was from Macomo, a chief of South Africa,
and was addressed, " A true copy." To the Aborigines
Society, and to tho gentlemen who sent the ploughs,"
One passage was as follows:—" The words of the white
men smell of war; there is a change among his people, and
we cannot comprehend the cause ; we are not children that
we should view these things with indifference. We love
peace—some of your people say they love God ; but they
love war also—(Cheers)—they want our grass—they want
our springs ; but they must walk over the bodies of Ames-
cosas before they take more of our country."—( Cheers. )
—He would now vacate the chair, and move that W.
Evans, Esq. do take it.
Mr. Buxton then left the Meeting, greeted by loud
cheers as be went out, and W. Evans, Esq. took the
chair.
Dr. BOWRING then rose and said that he could not but
feel it as a great privilege to be allowed to take a part,
however humble, in the proceedings of a meeting like the
present. When they asked the question what had been
the effect and influence of European colonization on the
aboriginal inhabitants of the countries colonized ? whet
had been the effect of European conquest in the countries
of w bleb they had taken possession, they ought to blush
for themselve .—(Cheers.) Every one who had read the
description given I,y the early historians of the state of the
Americans at the time of the discovery of that country_
every one who had read the glowing descriptions given by
De Salis of the Mexicans, of their great cities, of their vast
opulence, of their aristocracy, or who had turned over the
interesting pages of Gracilasso de laVega, himself a Peru,
stag, and had read his pathetic account of the early races of
that:country, or those who had read one of the most splend'd
epics in the Spanish language, that of Hersilla, and had
referred to his statements of the condition of the Aracans,
among whom he was happy to learn the Jesuits were again
introducing their beneficial influence, must be touched with
emotion What had now become of the M. ;jeans, of th,
Peruvians, of the Aracans? They were d. stine I to labour

in a atete almost resembling siavery,—( Cheers.) Comdr,
their situation with the situation ot their forefathers. fet
introduction of persoaa professing principles of order or
civilisation, and of Christianity among these people,
instead of meliorating, had made their condition greatly
worse.—( Cheers. ) The task before them was one of the
greatest importance. It was a grievous thing to consider
that, in proportion to the work to be done, human sym-
pa hies lessened. Bring an individual case ot distress be-
fore them, and all their sympathies were awakened--tell
them of a multitude of such, and they retre,ted before the
hugeness of the misery. Still the work was progressing.
They had seen the consequences of misrule, and the result
of bad institutions. Personal and individual cases had been
presented to their notice, and their attention had been
excited, and he hoped they would not cease their exertions
until the grievances were removed. In the work its
which they were engaged it was most important they
should attend to the subject of education. No one who
had been among semi-civilized tribes could fail to observe
the mannner in which they gathered round any one pos-
sessed of greater knowledge than themselves, and the
eagerness they discovered to attain any small degree of
knowledge of medicine, or the agricultural arts, with-
out feeling that here there was a vast field opened for be-
neficent exertions. It was influences like these that were
to be employed in elevating the condition of those who
were now left neglected and unprotected, and in making
them wise and better men; and it was only in this manner
that they could carry out the great principles of truth,
of humanity, and of religion.—(Loud cheers.) Dr
Bowring concluded by proposing the following resolution :
" That remedial and protective measures enacted by the
Legislature, and enforced by the Executive, arc necessary
for the recognition and establishment of the rights of the
Aborigines, and that such measures ought to be speedily
adopted, not only in reference to existing colonies and set-
tlements, but also to those other territories of the British
Crown where colonization is likely to take place; and that
in the extension of legitimate colonization, which it is
not the object of this Society to check, the lives, posses-
sions, and rights of the original owners of the soil may be
amply and permanently secured."
Mr. GEOROE THOMPSON, in seconding the resolution,
said he believed that he was not wrong in saying, that
however instructive or interesting the proceedings up to
that time bad been, there were gentlemen to follow him
who would add largely to that interest. and that instruc-
tion ; and if their friends would remain, he could promise
them as much enjoyment in the subsequent part of the
proceedings as they had already enjoyed in the commence-
ment.—( Hear.) He would confess that to him the meet-
ing of to-day bore an aspect of peculiar interest. He
could not look around that platform without feeling that
he was in the midst of a crowd of witnesses—witnesses
from every part of the world—to the horrid barbarities
which had been inflicted by Christians on the help-
less tribes of the world—witnesses enough to sub-
stantiate the fact, that the time had now arrived
when it behoved a Christian country to sup-
port liberally such a Society as the present. They had
before them a splendid specimen of coloured humanity.—.
(Cheers.) He came from an island which had once been
peopled by inhabitants docile, hospitable, and kind-
hearted ; yet in that island there was not now to be seen
one solitary representative of that race which had been
discovered by Columbus when he thought he had reached
the Paradise of Creation. His friend on his left had been
labouring for years in the Island of Jamaica, and to that
island he would soon return. He knew well, when he
trod the hills and valleys of that island, that he was walk-
ing over the ashes of a departed race. On the continent
of America they find the Sc. Lawrence, the Penobscot, and
the Potomac, yet on the margins of these mighty streams
they could scarcely discover a solitary representative of
the native tribes. Let them look throughout the territory
of the United States of America—what had become of
the American Indian? His wigwam was in ruins, his
council fire was extinguished, and the stream which had
borne his canoe now bore the vessel of his conqueicr.
Wherever the white men had come Indians had been driven
away —yet still there were thousands of them re-
maining.—( Hear.) It was now the question whether
they would exert their power, and thee- mercy,
and their Christian spirit, to gather up these
precious fragments of humanity—vvhcJier they should be
polished, be civilized, be again beet up.--( Cheers.) He
could bear his testimony to the unceasing assidui,y of the
Committee of the Society to draw the attention of the
, country and of those in power to the necessity of conferring on
the natives of the countries colonized the institutions-and
advantages enjoyed by the natives of this country, and to
inculcate on those engaged in colonial speculations a spirit
of justice in dealing with the rights of the natives. He
believed if the Society persevered in its exteitions it would
produce such an effect upon these who were about to go
out to the colonies in offices of trust and power, and likewise
upon those already holding those offices, as would prevent
that power being abused, and would mightily promote the
great object they had in view—the preservation and ame-
lioration of the condition of the native tribes in distant parts
of the world. It behoved to carry the claims of the So-
ciety out at home, and to press them on those ignorant of
its existence, or who, knowing its existence, were unac-
quainted with the arguments by which its claims might be
enforced. He would not tresspass further on their time,
as other gentlemen were about to address them, who would
give them information which:, would amply repay the at-
tention they might bestow in listening to them ; and he
was convinced that there was nat in the country an insti-
tution whose claims were more urgent, and whose objects
were more unexceptionable than the one whose:claims they
were that day met to advocate.—(Cheers.) He cordially
seconded the resolution.—( Loud cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
The Rev. R. R. MOFFATT, of Latakoo, South Africa,
said, it appeared to him no little pleasure to be present at
such a meeting; he had spent so much time among the
Aborigines of South Africa, that he almost looked upon
himself as one of them. He bad spent a great portion of
time far in the interior of South Africa, but scarcely far
enough to escape from the cupidity of the white man. He
had witnessed the devastation and the destruction which
the white man carried with him wherever his trade brought
him in contact with another nation. It was a melancholy
and heart-rending fact, that wherever our commerce came
the destruction and annihilation of the Aborigines followed.
He lived a thousand miles from the Cape of Good Hope,
and what he had seen would bear witness to the work of
humanity which had occurred in the interior of South
Africa. In going down to the Cape he had seen upwards
of 100 miles of territory completely uninhabited. At
the colony he had asked one of the farmers how it was
this territory was abandoned. Ohl he said, it was not
worth having, the waters were dried up. He (Mr. M.)
asked if it had been so always. No, said the farmer, for-
merly there were fine streams there, He asked when that was
the case, and the farmer said when the Bushmen lived
there. When the country was in possession of the Abo •
rigines, the district was populous, and the farmer pointed to
hills and valleys which in those times had been studded
with the villages and hamlets of the Aborigines. Now there
was not one left. The country had been occupied by the
Detch farmers and afterwards abandoned, and it was now
doubly cursed with the curse of bloodshed. He had got
upon a hill and looked around the country, and had thought
what it was before the white man found it. Now there
were no hamlets, no travellers,--all was a solitary desert.
He had asked another farmer how it had come to pass that
the Aborigines had.been so completely extirpated, and at
last he had said, nothing could stand against the gun and
horse of the white man, The inhabitants had constantly
receded since the first Dutch settlements, and the settler
had now reached the banks of the great Orange Riser.
When he first went to Africa, the colonists used to speak
of this river as an object of curiosity, and as extending a
great way beyond their boundaries. They had now
reached its banks, taking the children of the Aborigines
captives, and leading them into slavery. He had seen
letters from South Africa, stating the rapid advances mak-
ing by the colonists, and saying that if something was not
done to prevent it, they would have another Texas in thein-
trrior of South Africa, which God forbid. But it was a
melancholy certainty that such would be the case, for these
persons had taken up their abode far beyond the boundary
of the colony. Not long since a native chief had sent a
message praying the boors to grant him permission to
return to his own soil, and had been refused. He was
still refused, and what the result might be he knew not.
These matters had been attended to by the Government
in some degree. The justice and sympathy of the British
people were now roused to this object, and he trusted
something would be accomplished. If it were not so'
Africa would be ruined. He remembered that at one
Missionary station there were some individuals who
thought themselves superior because they had a bit of
the white man. They had adopted almost all the white
man's vices, and few of his virtues. They tried to gain
an influence over some of the native tribes by tempting
their cupidity by offers of powder and guns. The reply
was worthy of a native of Rome in it a best clays--" We
love your friendship, but not your servitude."—( Cheers.)
This was in Africa, which had so long be trodden down,
and of which so much evil had been spoken, and the in-
habitants ot which were designated by the farmers as
the cursed sons of Ham. He knew a King of the Zoola
nation who had once waged war for empire; while he was
with him, anlindividual of the tribe had been condeinuel
to death according to the laws of the country. The Kin..
was a fearful tyrant, who had deluged the„inltespriaorre with
human blood, and ascended the throne on the skulls of
men. That Monarch said to the criminal,
our
life because my friend here has desired that none may) be
put to death during his stay. You are at perfect liberty,
but it must be among boors. You must no more come
into
our towns and capital." The roan, putting his hand
to his neck, around which he wore a badge of honour,
which he had obtained in fight, said that he would prefer'
death rather than disgrace that badge, and he was accord-
ingly led off to a precipice, and pushed off to be devoured
by crocodiles; and it was a people like this the colonists
were extirpating. The natives complained that wherever
they went the white man followed them, and they were
unable to get beyond the boundaries of the colony. " Who
can hide himself from the eagle's eye," said one of them.
" I wonder if men were to get to the moon if the white
man would follow us there." Something had been said
about long guns. He wished they were as thick as men
in Africa. The Dutch farmer was allowed a gun, and wlsy
should the farmer be deprived of it ? The semi-civilized
inhabitants on the Lander of the colony got possesesion of
guns, and could not be prevented doing so, and they carried
war and devastation into the interior. He should wish to
see glans spread all over Africa, as he was convieced it
would introduce a more civilized mode of warfare. lie
had asked a s.d.dier who had been at Waterloo and in the
Peninsular wars how many men he had killed, and the
reply was he did not know that he had ever killed one.
He had asked an African warrior the same question, and
he rinsed his hand and described how he had speared one
man and stabbed another, and been nearly blinded by his
blood ; and described his various encounters with others 1
A chief had told him that he should be very cautious flow. 1
he went to war with a people who had guns " I see
the spear," said he; " I can sec the arrow and the axe,
and avoid them, but catch me fighting with guns-1 can.
not see the balls."—( Cheers.) The Rev. Gentleman
concluded by mos ing the following resolution;--" Th t
the objects of this Society being the protection and civili-
sation of the Aboriginnl tribes, it is the natural Al) or
rni-ist'3nary bouie;• arid associations for the promotion of
emigrat.on, and that it is therefore desirable to extend the
