THR LORD CHANCELLOR.

COIF
" - IVERNESS.
°rde Brougham's visit to the north has been delayed some
Gays tater than was anticiyated.
oliOn Monday and T his Lordshipstopped at Invere-
ues ay e--the,shooting quarters of the Right Hon. Edward Ellice
and at the Donne of Rothiemurchus in the same district—the
summer residence of her Grace the Duchess of Bedford.
ri About half-past 4 o'clock on Wednesday his Lordship's car-
Age came in sight at Milburn, in the vicinity of Inverness.
Tre Magistrates, a large number of the inhabitants, and the
!aitiades Incorporations, with their banners displayed, were
ng to receive him. He was greeted with the most enthu-
Nastie cheering, which was continUed durincr the progress of
4diglS..l; Procession to the Caledonian Hotel, where his Lordship
ited.
He was accompanied by his step-daughter, Miss
P:1,(1Ing, and his private secretary Mr. Edmonds.
14(""eruY after five o'clock, Lord Brougham entered the
fc:"nl
, Meeting-rooms, accompanied by the Magistrates,
to,'"e purpose of being presented with the freedom of the
n• An immense Cocourse of persons was present, who
received' the Chancellor with loud cheers. The Provost
shortl
b, Y addressed the meeting_" Gentlemen--you are all
tiaire that we have the honour of having amongst us in this
8,4 ft most distinguished nobleman, born and educated in
I...l6,4otaidande--hatehrseoLord High Chancellor of Great Britain--
On so interesting an occasion, the Magis-
hi4teis and Town Council considered it their duty to request
the rdahiP's permission to present him with the freedom of
eho urgh in token of their admiration of his high talents and
:417tmenr........(This step I trust the community (of which so
.large
.re.re!Peetable a portion is ',resent) will sanction by their ap-
Great cheering.) Before making his Lordship
read the
burgess (a laugh) I shall, with your permission
(47, the Address agreed to at a recent meeting of my brethren
re Council." The Provost then read the address.
waa;?rd BROUGHAM then presented himself to the meeting and
wildly cheered. He returned thanks in a short but elo-
4(irtlent and
emphatic address. He said he could not easily ex-
teess hit. feelings at the flattering manner in which he had
appearedea received by so great a number of his fellow-subjects, who
ateto concUr in the address of their worthy Chief Magi-
te.ri_; ,
thatas conscious that it was not owing to any personal
hatal.:,• he had received this mark of distinction at their
had First of all, he owed it to the circumstance that he
of his .konour of serving a monarch who lives in the hearts
ter,i subjects—( Cheers.) He had enjoyed the honour. of
he I,:gthat Prince for nearly four years, and during that time
Ciol 14 experienced from his Majesty only one series ograe-
li,,e eondeseension confidence, and favour. To find. that h
inl g in, , the hearts of his loyal subjects in the ancient and
(Lise„ rtant capital of the Highlands, as it had afforded him
he 14
Dr°ligharn) only pure and unmixed satisfaction, would,
(Lelvraa confident, be so received by his Majesty, when he
past d Brougham) told him as he would do by that night's
ad,,, ehFers) of the gratifying circumstance. " Gentlemen,"
11l his Lordship, "it was not always in this part of his
aili
Ze_St\l'S dominfons • but the people have other things now to
theteuan consider whether this or that family should rule over
tiott ft!,_ theyare quite content to live under one family in peaceim
t, t,_, 7dom.--( Great cheering.) If I have. any personal claim taken. hour you have done me, it must arise from my _t,
quarterrt in certain great public questions within the last
4bor of a century. I allude to negro emancipation, to the
trießtiS" of the detestable traffic in slaves, to reform in Parlia-
othe Din our municipalities, and to that without which all
(eh re,..... _
eep,, cus are, of no avail, the education of the people.—
and 1-7,) To these questions I have been a zealous friend,
le (10.st"1 To
the same so long as life is preserved to me.
Insist,111„11 se I meet with nothing but support, kindness, and
rottei,-"ce from the worthy and powerful part of the cor.ri-
rehrff ; from others I meet with nothing but revilings, mis-
etT vrtation, and calumny. I cannot say that these have
diiere eet on me, for in truth I regard them with perfect in-
°t take The people now think for themselves, and will
a ,tl._ The
from others, be they priests, peers, or printers,
Peers, larne time reverencing their priests, honouring their
hot.: and taking every opportunity—and God knows they cail-
hei.te,,to a better source—of deriving information from the 11-
:u the press, and the fullest and most unrestrained discus-
touthe'ti(Loud cheers.) His Lordship then adverted to the topics
he h aPon in the address read by the Provost, in all of which
Be34CartilY concurred. One of the first measures of next
et' t ea
,will be the improvement of the municipal corporations
the agiand, for Scotland is much superior in this respect to
theyswilstieira country. Governm. ent will go on improving, but
*filch th ot make one step till they are sure of the ground on
°rolled made the former. They will not legislate rashly
all the visedY• I have heard, but with entire indifference,
ns of drgninents brought forward against us. One set accuse
tl'eY et. sng too much, and another of doing nothing. I belsetieve
say,
w_e honest in the bulk, both one and the other. One
as
pertinZ.lnove on too slowly, that is safely; and the other
west 81Y contend we are going too fast. One set, fromh
illeiod are against all improvements, because t
bey
trade sued with things as they are, and believe they cannot e
Aeot, better.
I respect them, but differ from them.
the Qer set think we never do any thing. You open
It" trade to China, and you abolish slavery, (which
the: both the work of one session) and yet we are told
i_detleestens'ea did nothing. My own opinion is that we have
‘n do --; ma id
rather -than too little, though it was necessary
!neat :Justice, and lay the foundation of future good govern-
aectu,ellas Was necessarily done last session than the former,
hilt to ;,_" You open the trade to China one year you do not
io It it next.—( A laugh.) If you set the slaves free
fork th .there are no slaves to liberate in 1834. If you re-
krone t e,Court of Chancery in one session of Parliament, the
tiolie soasK is not left to the succeeding session. Yet we have
in the rething lately. We have made some useful reforms
sYstere S,_s% and above all, we have carried reformation into a
kit* phi you in Scotland are happily free from—a system
---.' atuns in itself, and still more mischievously administered
thio,„
ea,de to the Poor Laws. If Government had done no-
eotuklse in ten years it would have deserved well of the
d 0 lel ',. If we have done little last session, I fear we shall
44,1 in the next. But what we do will be done well, be-
lt willit,:will be done carefully ; it will be useful in doing—
reteou! wearable, and not done in a heap, ill-adapted and
11411-Q,,„if not worse. These are my opinions, gentlemen. . I
pit gO. r.,, on in the same manner, regardless of the calumnies
kohl lad
I may be assailed." His Lordship concluded
Stlese„,`end cheers by again thanking the Magistrates and
11.14' tr' eshent for the honour--
conferred on him. We are hurried,
11- Le ti-e eve of going to press ; but shall perhaps recur to
Ilia hips sound and admirable speech in our next.
11,1ilita —°rdshin is in excellent health. He remains here to-
ottpieraltdutroceeds to-morrow to Dunrobin Castle.—lnverness
• ' Wednesday.
