incurred the displeasure of all those who adopt
the theories which his Majesty's Ministers have
constantly supported—in a manner which leaves
the Chancellor of the Exchequer under the ir-
removable imputation of a direct and positive
fraud—in a manner to which the Corporation
of the Bank of England has submitted, simply
because it has real and fragile interests at stake,
which are intimately connected with the public
welfare, and it feared to commit itself and them
to a collision with such a Ministry as the pre-
sent, blindly supported by such a House of
Commons as the Reform B►ll has produced.
But the terms upon which the Charter of the
East India Company is to be renewed have
also been adjusted during the late session. And
how has this adjustment taken place ? As it
would have taken place in Turkey. By the
simple power of the Downing-street Divan,
whose notorious absolutism in the House of
Commons enabled them to overcome every ob-
struction. At the East India House the arrange-
ment is deemed unwise and unjust. The Direc-
tors, the Proprietors, everybody, have proclaimed
their sense of its folly and injustice. But they sub-
mitted. They did not dare to commit the
substantial interests they have at stake to a colli-
sion with a reckless Administration, supported
by a House of Commons at once slavish and
desperate. The legislative functions of the
House of Lords were, in such circumstances,
necessarily suspended. But slavery is abolished
in the West Indies. The words are striking
and attractive. What may be their true mean-
ing remains, however, to be seen. They may
mean—and there are persons who have had
better means of information than any Member
either of the present Administration, or of the
present Parliament, who believe them to mean—

that the cultivation of sugar in the West Indies
is abolished----that an important branch of Bri-
tish commerce, and an incalculable amount of
British property, is abolished—that the lives and
properties of our fellow-subjects, to an immense
extent, are condemned to destruction--that
the importation of slaves from Africa to the
colonies of rival nations, is encouraged and
increased—that the people of Great Britain,
with . diminished resources, are burdened
with an additional debt of twenty millions
sterling. The abolition of slavery are fine
words ; they sound well. They are the very
words to captivate such statesmen as now
rule the destinies of England, and such senators
as now torment the nation by their loquacity,
disgust it by their servility, and endanger it by
their ignorance and folly. But what will the
abolition of slavery be understood to mean ten
years or one year hence ? With St. Domingo in
our view on the one hand, and the actual amount
of the national debt of England on the other,
we can scarcely be brought to think that the
reforming Ministers or the reformed Parlia-
ment have signalised their wisdom by adding
20,000,0001. to the debt for sake of an experi-
ment which may probably end in making every
one of our sugar islands a St. Domingo. We
had almost omlted to mention another of the
great achievements of the last session. We mean
the accowlishment of Church Reform in Ire-
land. The merits of this measure must be stated
in a very few words. The peace and welfare of
Ireland required that the condition of the great
bulk of the people should be improved, and that
the hostility of the Roman Catholics towards
the Protestant Church should be appeased. The
Ministers of the Crown, in their wisdom, have
devised, and the Legislature) in its obedience
and submission, have adopted, a measure of
Church Reform which affords no relief to the
population of Ireland, while it stimulates the
Roman Catholics to more active and embittered
hostility than ever towards the Protestant
Church. The above are the chief acts of the
session, and they dispense us from the necessity
of adverting to subordinate follies. The remis-
sion of taxes one day and their re-imposition the
next, uniform and unceasing obedience to the
mandate of the Minister, are inconsistencies
and debasements to be lamented for sake of the
character of Parliament. But they do not inflict
a wound so deep and incurable upon the vital
interests of the State as the other measures we
have been recounting.—Morning Post.

DONNYBROOK FAIR-HORRID EFFECTS
OF INTOXICATION.—On Monday morning a stout able
man, between forty and fifty years of age, was brought
into the Meath Hospital, under the following horrible
circumstances :—He had been at the fir on Sunday, and
had indulged in his libations to such an extent, that it
was with the utmost difficulty he could reach his place of
residence in New-street. Having been left alone there,
he fell down in a state of insensibility, and was immedi-
ately attacked by a pig, which literally ate off his whole
face. Having commenced with the nose, it carried away
all his cartileginous and soft parts, then both his cheeks,
the lips, and chin, as also a part of the right ear, tearing
away all the muscles and skin, and leaving nothing behind
but the gums and teeth. His left hand, too, has been
considerably mutil ited. We have seen many frightful ob-
jects, the resnit of accidents and disease, but the case above
detailed is by far the most frightful we ever witnessed,—.
Dublin Morning Register.

SINGULAR FAcr.—A calf at Old Green-
law, only betwixt five and six months old, has been
giving milk as freely as as any cow. About two weeks
ago the udder was thought to be rather large, and con-
tinued to increase until its size attracted particular atten-
tion, when it was examined. As no particular disease
was observed, the teats were drawn, when they all instantly
produced milk. The milk was not then preserved, but
there appeared to be about a mutchkin or English pint
of it. About two days after this, the udder again ap-
peared full, when more milk was drawn, and this being
repeated at about the same distance of time, the milk
(which was of good quali.y, and amounted about a choppin)
was preserved, and f.om which both butter and cheese
have been made. The butter is of excellent quality, but
the cheese is soft and curdled. The calf has every ap-
pearance of continuing to give milk, but means are using
to stop it. It is not much more than two months since
the calf was weaned.—Kelso

DISTRESSING ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.--On
Saturday night last, the family of DUNAIYE, Esq.,
a West India merchant, residing in Gower-street, Bed-
ford-square, was plunged into a state of the deepest
affliction, by the following peculiarly melancholy and
lamentable occurrence :—Mr. DUNAIYE has been for
some months past labouring under a nervous affection
of such severity, that at times it has been found
necessary to place him under restraint. lie has,
however, latterly been much better than usual,
and hopes were indulged in of his ultimate
recovery, On Saturday night, ha retired to bed
with Mrs. Dunaiye, at his usual time, and about two
o'clock yesterday morning, Mrs. Dunaiye was called up
by the nurse who was sitting up with Mrs. Dunaiye's
youngest son, who is ill with a fever, a change far the
worse having manifested itself respecting the child's
health ; Mr. Dunaiye also awoke at the time, but was
persuaded to remain i❑ bed. After being absent for
about three quarters of an hour Mrs. Dunaiye returned to
her apartment, and on entering it, was horror struck at
the dreadful spectacle which presented itself; tier husband
was lying over the side of the bed with the blood stream-
ing on the carpet from a terrible gash in his throat,
which he had inflicted with a razor that was lying
beside him, and which he had fetched from his dressing
case in an adjoining room. The bedclothes were
also saturated with blood, and the unfortunate
gentleman was groaning heavily, as if in great agony.
Although the great loss of blood which Mr. Dunaiye sus-
tained is of very serious and alarming consequence to him
in his present state of health, strong hopes are entertained
that no fatal result will occur. Mrs. Dunaiye was so af-
fected by the shock that she was seized with a successio❑
of highly dangerous fainting tits, and is considered in a
very precarious state.
