Their cause was one in which all the family of rein were leagued i rs
defence of righteousness and truth, against the cause of oppression an
cruelty. It was not the cause of Whig or Tory, of Conseevative
or Liberal—(Hear, hear)—but it was the cause of those who were
made in the image of God, by tho workmanship of his hand, in opposi-
tion to the powers of the Prince of the Air. It was unnecessary for
him to enter upon the character of the Colonial Assembly, nor would he
allirde to the offensive expressions of a member of that Assembly, rela-
tive to the petition presented by 630,000 persons to the Queen in behalf
of the negroes ; but he would at once hasten to other matters. It was
strange to talk of the wisdom of the British Parliament, when it had ex.
cited the astonishment of the negro himself. They said, "In one part
of the book we are manumitted and free, and yet by and by here is some.
thing about binding. This cannot be true—it never could come from a
British Government—the planters must have put all this in."—(Hear,
hear.) The apprenticeship system was replete with the deepest
injury to the Colonies in the West Indies. Let them bear in mind that
the Colonies were altogether and essentially agricultural—that it was by
the cultivation of the land they had to gain their livelihood and wealth,
while commerce was w secondary matter. Was it wise, then, in an
agricultural country to inflict disgrace on the labourers by whom
their fields were cultivated ? Would it be wise in England to brand
its peasantry—its greatest glory and safety—with disgrace and degrada-
tion, and yet such was the conduct of the British Parliament, by
telling the negroes that for two years longer they were not fit to
tnloy the blessings of freedom. Mr. Wood here referred to the
valuation of slaves which had been made in the Colonies for
the purpose of showing that the price had been most unjustly
raised in every instance. The name of Mr. Ewart Gladstone, of Liver_
pool, was now known and trumpeted throughout the country ; and by
way of showing the interest which lie took in the continuation of the
system of slavery, he would read to them an extract of a letter to his
agent at Calcutta, requesting him to send over a cargo of
coolies. Mr. Gladstone wishes " Our plantation labour
in the dell as very light—much is by task work, and usually closed
at two o'clock—abundance of food and a regular supply of salt cod
—parents instructed in religious duties—clothing sufficiently sup.
plied every year—children educated in schools—marriages are encou.
raged—regular medical attendance without cost—houses comfort-
able, and it may fairly be said they pass their time happily and
agreeably—stipendiary magistrates to judge between them and their
employers—hospitals (?—prisons). We are very particularly si-
tuated with our negro apprentices, and it is a matter of douht and
uncertainty how far they may be induced to continue their services after
their apprenticeship expires.; We want a set off tomake us independent "
Had they forgotten the fable of the two dogs, the one plump and the
other lean? When the latter asked how it was that he fared so well,
and had the best of everything, and the other invited him to go to his
house, the starved dog was on the point of going, when he
saw a mark upon his neck, and asked what it was. His
fat friend replied, it was a chain which was faitencd
round his neck, upon which the other instantly bade him farewell, and
his good living, declaring that he was net free, but a slave, Such was
the principle of the negroes—give them freedem with dried bread
and a cup of water and they would be content and happy. The
answer of Mr. Gladstone's agent was as follows :—" We arc
not aware that any greater difficulty would present itself in
sending men to the West Indies—the natives being perfectly ignorant
of the place they agree to go to, or the length of the voyage. We
firmly believe, that in inducing these men to leave their country we are
breaking no ties of kindred, or in any way acting a cruel part. Pro-
poses to have 150; and if the females will work in the field, say two
women to three men, or equal numbers, if required; but if they will not
engage to work there, then, ai to the Isle of France, one female to nine
or ten men for cooking or washing, is enough. If it is necessary to
separate the men from the women, the ship between decks
will be divided into compartments. Much will no doubt depend
on the proportions of each, and whether married or single."
They would see froze that how Mr. Gladstone encouraged marriages
among his negroes. If the women were willing to work in the fields
under a tropical sun, then lie might send two women to three men;
hut if they preferred their domestic ties, and wished to remain at home,
then one female would be enough for ten men. He asked no more
to prove the cruelty and immorality of the man ; and his blood boiled
with indignation that a Member of the British Legislature should be
geilty of such atrocious conduct. Those wretches were to have no
home, no fire side, and they were to be imported in thousands after
thousands, and suffered to die away from the face of the earth, and
leave not a vestige behind. After some further observations, for which
we regret we have not space, Mr. Wood concluded by moving the re-
solution.

The resolution was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Crispp, whose speech,
with that of the Rev. Messrs. Lucy and Roper, a press of Parliamen.
tary matter obliges us to omit.

Thanks were then voted to the Mayor, for his dignified conduct in
the chair, and the meeting separated.

NEWSPAPER STAMPS.

(From the Parliamentary Returns published this day.)
A Return of the Number of NEWSPAPER STAMPS at
One Penny and One Halfpenny issued to the several News_
papers in England, Scotland, and Wales, from the Ist De-
cember 1837 to the 3I st of March 1838 inclusive; specifying
each Newspaper by Name, and the Number of Stamps issued
each Month during that period to each Newspaper.

EXTRACT.
LONDON EVENING NEWSPAPERS.
Courier-- Dee. 1837 31,000
Jan. 1838 39,000
Feb. 1838 33,000
Mar. 1838 33,000

136,000
Globe Dec. 1837 72,000
Jan. 1838 90,000
Feb. 1838 72,000
Mar. 1838 72,000

-- 306,000
Standard... Dec. 1837 78,000
Jan. 1838 105,000
Feb. 1838 lOO,OOO
Mar. 1838 lOO.OOO

383,000
The Sun... Dec. 1837 102,000
Jan. 1838 lll,OOO
Feb. 1838 96,000
Mar. 1838 lll,OOO

420,000
