ROSCOMMON, MAY 8.

As inhuman and brutal a murder as ever dis-
graced
the annals of any. country has been corn-
mitted in this neighbourhood a few days since. A
poor paralysed creature, a native of this place, and
whose support was the charity of the humane, was
attacked and robbed on his way from this town, on
Saturday evening, not many acres from where
Moran attempted to rob and murder the Rev. Mr.
Day, for which he expiated his guilt not long since,
in front of the gaol of this town. The perpetrator
of this barbarous act is from the county of Long-
ford, from whence, we are told, he was compelled
to fly, being charged with an attempt to rob and
murder in that place. He is scarcely twenty years
of age, and has gone here by the name of Pat
Smith. It appears that the deceased was going to
a village about a mile from this town, in which also
sojourned Smith, as servant. Smith knew that de-
ceased had accumulated (by begging) some money
and accordingly knocked him ;done with a stone,
arid demanded his money, which deceased refusing
to give, he inflicted two severe wounds oil the neck
and chin, with an edged instrument, supposed to be
a blunt knife or sword. He also cut him in many
places on the head, and kicked him on the face in
such a manner that he could not open his eyes till a
short time before he expired. After treating him
in the most inhuman way, the ruffian robbed him of a
11. note, which the poor fellow had in a tin box in his
pocket. About half an hour after, some persons go-
ing that way, heard his moans, and searching the
gripe, found the unfortunate victim almost dead.
He was taken to the infirmary, where every means
to recover him was had recourse to. He, however,
died on Tuesday evening. He fully identified the
inhuman villain who beat and robbed him on Sun-
day, before a Magistrate and some of the police,
but such was the state he was in, that his examina-
tion could not be taken. About an hour previous to
his death, he turned round to his mother and two
patients who were in the room, and said, "he would
soon leave them." His mother asked him where
he was going? He replied, "that he hoped he was
going to Heaven, and that he was dying." His mo-
ther said, " Thank God, your senses have returned,
and now tell me who robbed and beat you." He
said, " It was Pat Smith, and that he took a pound
note out of a small tin box that he had in his
pocket."
An inquest was held on Wednesday morn-
ing, by BERNARD O'CoNNon, Esq. and a respect-
able Jury. After some.of the witnesses had been exa-
mined, the Jury intimated a wish that the prisoner
miaht be brought to theiinfirmary. Mr. O'Connor
accordingly sent, two of the police for him. On
entering the place where the body lay, the wretch
at first appeared to feel remorse, but turning
round with evidently assumed confidence, lie
replied to some questions put to him by the
Coroner, first being properly told that he need not
say any thing that he thought would militate
against himself. On inquiring how it occurred that

he met the deceased, and the distance he went with
him, he gave evasive answers, and only admitted
that he was with him part of the old road, where
the deceased was found. His hat and waistcoat
were full of blood, and being asked respecting them,
he said, that a few days previous, two of the Kil-
leens (with whom he was hired) had a quarrel, and
that on his interfering the blood got on his clothes.
This, however, turned out to be a gross falsehood,
upon examining the Killeens. Being questioned re-
specting the shirt be wore on Saturday, he said that
on Saturday night he called for his clea❑ shirt, and
he left the one he had on under the head of his bed.
Search was made, but no shirt was there. How-
ever, that evening, the people found the shirt hid in
a cock of straw, covered with blood. It was
proved that that night he had no shirt on him when
he went into the house where lie lived. The fellow,
after expressing his regret that he had ever left the
county of Longford, was reconducted to the prison.
Satisfactory evidence being produced, the Jury re-
turned a verdict of " Wilful murder against the
prisoner, Pat Smith."--Dublin Freeman's Journal.

A fine specimen of that rare and singular bird
the Hoopoe ( Upupa epups of LlNN...sus) was shut on Salis-
bury-plain, a few days since by one of the gamekeepers of
ERNLE WARRINER, Esq., of Conock-house, and is now
in the possession of Mr. W. WITHERS, of Devir!s.—Bath
Chronicle.

A recent writer on the state of Ireland, as a
pro,.if with how little currency its internal agriculture is
carried on, says that he has known repeated instances where
twelve small farmers, renting from six to 60 acres each,
were unable to club together 61. at a time, though a'l
earnestly desirous of doing so.

A most shocking murder was lately committed
in the neighbourhood of Shaftesbury, by a farmer of the
name of HARRISON, upon his only child. HartatsoN was,
it appears, a small farmer, and had accumulated a little by
hard industry, which he lent for the building of a chapel
for the Primitive Methodists or Ranters. The rental of
the pews of the chapel not being sufficient to pay the inte-
rest of the money advanced for building it, the poor man
became embarrassed in his affairs, and fearing his child
might come to want, he determined to put an end to its
existence, by knocking its brains out against the bed-post I
HArreasorr was a preacher amongst the Ranters, and it is
supposed that the warmth of feeling evinced by the
Primitive Methodists at their meetings, together with the
Iss of his property, deprived him of his senses. lie wa.
committed under the Coroner's warrant to Dorchester
Castle, for wilful murder, where, under the spiritual di-
rections of the Chaplain, be is becoming perfectly tranquil-
lised.—Bath Chronicle.

The following deviation from the usual course
of nature has just occurred. A cat, belonging to Mr.
PEA Ai, druggist, of Upper Fitzroy street, Fitzroy-square,
made her bed in a cellar on Saturday, and brought forth
three kittens, and two were killed. The cellar is not
much used, but yesterday morning a servant went into it,
anti was astonished to find a young rat and the surviving
kitten sucking the mother cat together. Several persons
came forward to witness this extraordinary circumstance,
and after they were all satisfied respecting the fact, it was
determined that the rat should be destroyed, and that it
might be done without injuring the cat, she was enticed
away from her bed by a saucer of milk. The rat was
much older, and much larger than the kitten, it was three
parts grown,' and instead of evincing fear at the pre-
sence of mankind, after the cat was gone, it opened and
shut its eyes several times with the greatest composure,
and then with- the paws of the kitten across its back, cud-
dled down to sleep. The kitten was drawn away from it
by the hook of a walking-stick, and the rat's head was
broken by a blow.

with his own arm he gm-lie the first impulse to

:he cause of freedom,- which afterwards, on the

field of Bannockburn, was crowned with such

glorious and decisive success under a kindred
spirit—on whom the inspiring mantle of our
patriot descended, as he Winged his flight to the

regions of immortality.
In person, Wallace was adn►irably fitted to
grace that elevated station among mankind for
which his genius and talents so eminently quali-
fied him. His visage was long, well propor-
tioned, and exquisitely beautiful ; his eyes were

'right and piercing; the hair of his head and

beard auburn, and inclined to curl; that on his

brows and eye-lashes was of a lighter shade ;
his lips were round and full. Under the chin,
on the left side was a scar, the only one visible,
although many were to be found on his person ;
his stature was lofty and majestic, rising the head

and shoulders above the tallest men in the coup

ry. Yet his form, though gigantic, possessed the

most perfect symmetry ; and with a degree of
strength almost incredible, there was combined
such an agility of body and fleetness of running,
that no one, except when mounted on horseback,

could outstrip or escape from him, when he
happened to rursue. All-powerful as a swords-
man, and unrivalled as an archer, his blows were

,7atal, and his shafts unerring; as an equestrian,
lie was a model of dexterity and grace ; while
the hardships he experienced in his youth, made
him view with indifference the severest priva•
Lions incident to a military life. In common
intercourse his accents were mild, and his man-

ners grave and urbane. In the field, when ad.
dressing his soldiers, his discourse was brief and
animating, and the sound of his voice thrilled
through their hearts like the spirit-stirring notes
of the clarion. Great and varied, however, as
were the accomplishments nature had lavished
on his person, the graces with which she had
enriched his mind threw a radiance over all the
rest of her gifts. Untaught himself in the
military art, he became the instructor of his
countrymen, and his first efforts were worthy of
the greatest captain of the age.
If we may judge from his regard to the sanc-
tity of an oath, his ideas of morality appear to
have been much at -variance with the corrupt
practice of the age. Uncontaminated by the
pernicious example of the great men of the
country, he rather chose to bear hunger and
every other privation the unsheltered outlaw
might be exposed to, than purchase the advan-
tage so much prized by others, at the expense
of taking an oath he had no intention of hold-
ing sacred :—still, this inflexible rectitude of
soul could not shame the aristocracy from their
convenient perjuries; for the bands by which he
strove to unite them together, became like ropes
of sand in the hour of trial. Notwithstanding,
however, all the difficulties that were thrown in
his way, the vigour of his own character, and the
wisdom of his measures, enabled him to achieve
the deliverance of his native land. To the
charges of ambition and usurpation that were
brought against him, he gave the noblest refuta-
tion, by resigning the bauble of power into the
hands of those little spirits, who would other-
wise have betrayed the cause of national inde-
pendence, or involved their country in all the
horrors of civil war. Thus, his virtuous self-
denial preserved the people whom his valour had
set free.
In the biographical notices that have been
submitted, the reader will perceive the formi-
dable array of talent and power with which Wal-
lace had to contend. To an aristocracy, at that
time perhaps unrivalled in Europe, and headed
by a Monarch as distinguished for ambition,
sternness of purpose, and warlike propensities,
as he was notorious for the absence of those
virtues which constitute the redeeming traits in
the character of a soldier—the magnanimous
partiot had at first little to oppose, save the
innate energies of his own invincible heart, and
the resources of a genius which Heaven seems
peculiarly to have fitted for the task. That Scot,
land, distracted by faction, and deprived of all
foreign aid, should, under the guidance of one
who ranked among the humblest of her nobles,
have again advanced herself to the dignity of an
independent state, in defiance of the powcr of
England, backed by the resources of Ireland
and Wales, was considered by her adversaries
as too humiliating to their national character to
admit of their relinquishing the contest. The
renewal of every invasion was, however, met by
an increasing stubbornness of opposition ; and
the chivalrous conqueror in Palestine, the high-
souled" Plantagenet, at last condescended to
steal the enemy he could neither bribe nor sub-
due, and thus purchase the brief and delusive
Semblance of a victory, at the price of everlast-
ing dishonour.
The mind of Wallace was illibued with the
most exalted ideas of independence ; and the
stern and inflexible spirit with which he guarded
his own and his country's honour, could only be
equalled by the scrupulous delicacy he exercised
towards the feelings of others. Loving freedom
Tor her own sake, he considered her sanctuary,
wherever placed, as too sacred to be violated.
ue,
Among the many proofs of this elevation of
th mind,e surrenderth fo of wdi
en g mayLo
cr beveil mentioned
high h:—h On
spi-
rited Frenchman was anxious
to
know
the name
and the character of his conqueror. On the
name of Wallace being
announced to him, he
fell on his knees, and thanked God that so
worthy an enemy had been his victor ; and, ac-
cording to the custom 01 the age, he tendered

In the division of spoil, the portion that fell
to the share of Wallace he set apart as a fund
from which those were rewarded who had distin-
guished themselves by their valour or good con-
duct, while contending for the liberty of their
country—thus'stitnulating their efforts in their
own -catibe, by the sacrifice of his personal ad-
vantage. The delicacy, also, which he evinced;
in excluding his relations from any participation
in those grants and emoluments with which he
rewarded the services of others, showed him ex-
empt from any selfish or mercenary feeling, and
decidedly averse to the aggrandizement of his
family at the national expense. In those times,
when driven to the woods and natural fastnesses
of the country, where his little party were ex-
posed, from the scarcity of provisions, to the
greatest distress, the expedients he had recourse
to for their relief, and the self-denial he exer-
cised in order to husband the slender supplies

for their use, impressed his followers with sen-
timents of
.admiration and gratitude. The sys-
tem which he introduced, during the short period
of his regency, of disciplining and subdividing
the nation, evinced the clear and comprehensive
views he entertained of the true interests of the

country ; and had his successors in power
followed up the same measure, it would doubt-
less have been productive of incalculable benefit
to the kingdom ; as, independent of the great
force the Legislature might thus have been
enabled to bring into the field in cases of emer-
gency, it would have *undermined, and eventually
overthrown, the feudal superiority of the Barons,
and those petty confederations among clans,
which have been for so many ages the bane and
curse of Scotland. His views, however, for the
immediate and permanent prosperity of the
country, took even a more extensive range than
what is embraced by the above wise and salutary
measure. Aware of the benefit which Scotland
had formerly derived from her commercial inter-
course with the continent, we find his attention,
within a month after the battle of Stirling,
seriously turned towards the re-establishment of
this important object ; and while the nation was
mustering at Roslyn for the invasion of England,
her leader was actively engaged in dispatching in-
formation to the different Hanse-towns, that the
ports of Scotland were again open to the trade
of all friendly powers.* The plan which he
pursued in his invasions was the most efficient
for exhausting the enemy's country, enriching
his own, and encouraging his countrymen to
flock to his standard. Though often severe in
his retaliations, yet towards women and children
he always exercised the greatest humanity.
During his Guardianship the country was
beginning to feel the return of her former pros-
perity. With the spoil of the enemy he had
diffused plenty over the land ; the poor were
protected ; thieves were promptly and severely
punished ; cheats and liars were discouraged;
and good men met the reward of their virtues.
The vigilance with which he watched over the
public weal was unremitting, and never for a
moment gave place to any object of personal
consideration. Even those duties which are
often considered paramount to every other,
were with him secondary to the interest of his
country ; for, on the death of his 'mother, his
presence being required elsewhere, he intrusted
the performance of her obsequies to his friend John
Blair and a confidential servant ;—which duty
they discharged with becoming solemnity in the
Cathedral of Dunfermline. To this cemetery, it
is conjectured, the fragments of his own body
were secretly collated by his companions, after
the barbarous and impolitic exposure had taken
place. At his execution, that self-command and
nobleness of soul, which formed such luminous
traits in his character, never for a moment for-
sook him. Without deigning to breathe a mur-
mur, either at the injustice of the tyrant who
condemned, or the unhappy man who betrayed
him, he submitted to his fate with that becom-
ing dignity which extorted even from his enemies
expressions of unqualified admiration.
A revulsion, the natural consequence of the in-
human cruelty of Edward, and the undaunted
demeanour of his victim, took place in the
minds of the people of England immediately
after his execution ; and the story of an English
monk who pretended to have seen a vision of
angels conducting Wallace out of purgatory with
much honour, was quickly circulated, and re-
ceived with pleasure all over Britain.
The following lines, translated from the ori-
ginal Latin by Hume, of Godscroft, are under-
stood to have been composed some time after
the execution of our illustrious patriot, by his
afflicted friend and chaplain John Blair ; and
with this elegant and pathetic tribute of genius
at the shrine of departed greatness, we shall close
the present chapter :
" Envious death, who ruins all,
Hath wrought the sad lamented fall
Of Wallace ; and no more remains
Of him—than what an urn contains
Ashes fur our hero we have—
He, for his armour, a cold grave.
He left the earth—too low a state!
And by his acts o'ercame his late.
His soul death bad net power to kill,
His noble deeds the world do fill
With lasting trophies of his name.
hadat thou virtue loved, or fame,
Thou could'st not have insulted so
Over a brave, betrayed, dead foe,
Edward, nor seen those limbs expos'd
To public shame—fit to be clos'd
As relics in an holy shrine.
But now the infamy is thine.
His end crowns him with glorious bays,
And stains the brightest of thy praise."
--Constable's -Miscellany, Vol. LIV. Life of Sir Wel.
liam Wallace.

* However singular this statement may appear to s )me,
the author has fortunately produced the most incoatro-
vertible evidence of the fact? in his Appendix.

Devonshire.
The same NOBLE LORI) presented a petition from
the town and neighbourhood of Tavistock, against
the importation of foreign lead.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presented a si-
milar petition, signed by several thousand persons,
from the parish of Stanhope, in the county of
DUfbarn. _

The same NOBLE LORD presented a petition from
Gainzford, in the county of Durham, in fivour of a
commutation of tithes; and a petition to the same
effect from a place in Yorkshire.
Earl BATHURST presented a petition from
North Shields, for the abolition of the punishment

of death in cases of forgery.
The Marquis of B UTE presented petitions against
the East India monopoly, from the Merchants'
House, Glasgow, and Forfar, from Ashton-under-
Line, and from two places in the Wes: Ruling of

Yorkshire.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a
petition from the magistrates and other inhabitants
of Frome, in favour of the reduction of the beer
duty, and also for an increase of the duty on gin.
The NOBLE MARQUIS likewise presented a peti-
tion from a place in Gloucestershire, against the
East India monopoly, and from Nottingham, for the

abolition of slavery in the West Indies.
Earl STANHOPE presented a petition from the
riband-weavers of Coleshill, Warwickshire, com-
plaining of distress. The petition, the 'Noble Lord
remarked, was signed by 2,400 persons, who stated
that they were involved in the deepest distress.
They stated that riband-weaving had been reduced
full 50 per cent_ ; that the workmen's wages on an
average did not exceed 4s. a-week, and that out of
2,800 looms, which were formerly employed, there
were at present 1,500 out of employment. He
quite concurred with the petitioners in thinking,
that the distress and misery to which they were re-
duced had been mainly owing to the operation of
that pernicious system called free trade.
The NOBLE EARL also presented a petition from
the trustees of the society of ship-owners and seamen
of the port of Whitby, complaining of the charge of
6d. per month made upon seamen's wages, for the
Greenwich Hospital Fund.
SHIPPING INTEREST.

VVOU

Earl STANHOPE said he now rose to pre.
sent to their Lordships the petition which the
ship-owners of London had done him the honour to
intrust to his care. He thought it was a petition
which well deserved the most serious attention of
their Lordships, and he should make a few observa-
tions upon it, as he conceived that it related to a
subject of extreme importance; not only to the pe-
titioners themselves, but to the general interests of
the country. In doing so he should abstain, on this
occasion, from entering into any detailed statements,
because he did not consider this a proper or fit
occasion for them, and because he intended pre-
sently to move for certain papers, which, when
produced, would furnish their Lordships with
most important information on this subject,
and would tend to remove much of the delusive
errors and mistaken notions which were abroad re-
garding this question. • It would be in the recollec-
tion of their Lordships, that when the present new
fangled principles of commerce were first introduced,
—at the time when those new and mischievous prin-
ciples were proposed by a Minister of the Crown,
who had since retired from office, but whose perni-
cious principles appeared still to sway the councils of
his Majesty's Government,—it would be in the re-
collection of their Lordships that at that period the
ship-owners of London, and indeed of every other
port in the kingdom, strongly protested against the
measure, and expressed their opinion—an opinion
repeated in the present petition—that the change in-
troduced by that measure would be followed by the
most detrimental consequences to their own inte-
rests, and to the interests of the country at large. A
melancholy experience of the effects of that measure
had fully verified those predictions, and the result was,
that the measure had been productive of the most dis-
astrous consequences to the shipping and commerce of
this country. It was in vain to expect that British
shipping, taxed as it was with such a variety of
expences, could hcpe to compete with foreign. In
building and wages they paid neatly double. Now
what was the .effect of the alteration of the naviga-
tion laws, on which their ancestors had relied for
the main strength of their commercial marine ?
Why, evidently to lower the rates of British
freights, and so far deteriorate the home shipping.
Besides, the treaties of reciprocity, as they had been
called, had gone exactly to produce the same effect,
—they had advanced .the foreigner at the expence
of the British shipper ; they had not only reduced
the capital of the owners, but also materially reduced
their rate of freightage. The petitioners request,
that articles purchased by British subjects in foreign
countries should be imported in British ships, leav-
ing foreigners t 9 pursue the same course in the em-
ployment of their own capital as they pleased.
Perhaps it might be said, that as these reciprocity
treaties were fixed for a certain date, they could not
now be repealed, till the expiration of the time so
stipulated, but still there would be some hope for
the sufferers were Government to-declare that acts
so pregnant with evil should not be renewed. It
was competent for either of the patties, in the treaty
with the United States of America, to notify a time
for its termination, and the shipping interests would
feel the benefit of such a pledge. He had heard
elsewhere, that notwithstanding the important com-
mercial alterations to which be, in common with the
petitioners, had referred their subsequent decline,
that there had been an increase of tonnage. Now,
were inquiry granted, this lie would prhve to be au
error ; for in the mode of calculating the tonnage in
some of these return:, the same tonnage of a single
vessel was multiplied each voyage which she took;
for instance, if the ship of 300 tons made 20 voyages,
she was calculated at tonnage for 6,000 tons, in-
stead of at her regular complement of 300 tons. If
Parliament did not depart from the principles whicli
modern philosophers had so unhappily instilled into
it, the whole groundwork of the British navy would
in time be destroyed ; indeed, this was admitted by
Mr. Ricardo as a consequence of his mgasures, for
he freely declared that he would buy wherever he
could get the article, be it freight or produce,
cheapest. At all events, he hoped inquiry would
not be denied to these petitioners ; they would at
least have the satisfaction of knowing whit were the
ultimate views of the Government, and with them
what would be the fate of their trade, which was the
nursery of the maritime strength of Great Britain.
He moved that the petition be brought up.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said that he felt
bisleNLobolred Fforrietihale A(Viiasstreetsistioreflyaty
in
asoffi acciaultedi:taasilsaltlyhalstioh
Blass of the community, but he could prove from
error respecting his view of the present condition of
the shipping interest of Great Britain; and that they

keep them in use or lose the whole of their
Would they, however, go on building them; and,
that they did, he-was in a condition to show from
the papers which he held in his hind. In 1814
the number of British ships built were 733 ; in
1815, 949; in 1816, 856; and so ou varying, until
their average for the three years preceding the reci-
procity treaties was 591, and three years afterwards
it rose to 834.. With reference to these reciprocity
treaties, he was quite free to admit. that they were
adopted with a- view to. decrease the price of freight
in this country, so as to enable the- British mer-
chant to take his goods-abroad; and bring back • his
return, on cheaper terms than before,' and thereby
to enable him to compete with the new state of
things which it was foreseen must have arisen in
the new condition of the external relations of British
commerce. It was well-known that freights would
be rendered cheaper, but then the trade since 1814
had nearly doubled, the voyages were made quicker,
and of course, though the sums paid were smeller,
e advantages of more rapid commercial intercaurso
Id more than make up the difference. When
Noble Lord said that nothing had been dcne
.or the shipping, but that every thing wns done
against them, he must appeal to facts against the
assertion- Were there not greater facTities now
Afforded in quarantine regulations,—a greater reduc-
tion of colonial fees ? The stamps on registers and
shipping bonds were reduced from 35a. to ss. ;
the same was done on ship transfers and on Irma-
gages. In all the stamp shipping•department
ductions had in fact been made : the tonnage duty
had been repealed, the light and harbour dues greatly
reduced, and a greater latitude allowed for ship re-
pairs—they could repair abroad, to break down cows
bination at home; half the hemp duty had been re-
peated; and all these regnlations must surely be atl-.
mitted to have been benefits, during the time which
the Noble Lord says that nothing was done by the
Government to protect the interests of this class of
the community. And when these were taken into
consideration with the opportunities of making more.
frequent voyages, he thought they must refute the
statements which the Noble Lord was so anxious to

convey. He was at a loss to see what good could
result from the proposed inquiry ; for it could only
bring out the same details which he had already
given from official records, the general tendency
and result of which could not he thought he mis-
taken, and they were as he had already mentioned.
Earl STANHOPE, in reply, contended that the
Noble Duke's statement referred to the exports only,
and not the imports, as irutcative of the pteeent
state of the shipping interest. The Noble Duke
inferred from his documents that that interest was

at present prosperous; but what •aid the parties
most interested and best acquainted with the fact—
the ship-owners themselves ? '1 he very reverse;
that their trade was now ruinous, and had been
since the reciprocity treaties had been enacted. If

the nominal amount of tonnage was greater, it
should be borne in mind that the market had been

increased, and the freightage charge greatly lessened.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH begged leave to say
with respect to what End fallen from the Noble Earl
in relation to the alleged increase of the tonnage of
American shipping engaged in the British trade,
that within the four years which have expired since
the Reciprocity Act had passed, the American ton-
nage entered into our ports had decreased 48,000
tons, while the British tonnage trading with Ame-
rica had increased 60,000 tons. The eut►re'British
had increased two per cent, within the last two
years over what it amounted to in the three preced-
ing years.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY thought the
present low state of the shipping-trade well worthy
of inquiry, with a view to devising a remedy ; and
that the thanks of the country were due to the
Noble Earl (Stanhope), for his zealous entleavortra
to bring the case of the ship-owners before Parlia-
ment.

The Duke of BUCKINGHAM maintained that
the British shipping had increased since, and in con.
sequence of, tile Reciprocity Treaty Acts.
Earl STANHOPE then moved for certain papers
connected with the shipping trade, in order, he said
to show that that trade was not in the flourishing
state alleged by Ministers.
The motion for returns was agreed to, after a few
‘NET,ArdssTfrRomurtiheoRDDukDeIosfF\RVATLNGISTE TALL.
The examination of witnesses on this Bill was
then resumed, and continued till nine o'clock, when
their Lordships adjourned.
