We have repeatedly alluded to the conduct of the
French Government with regard "to the Slave Trade
and the protection which, their Flag gives to. vessels
engaged in this traffic. We have recently received a
letter from Jamaica, containing .so' much interesting
information on this subject, that we are induced to give
a long extract of it :---
" One of the schooners on this station lately sent in a full French
Slaver, which, of course, was sent out again with a handsome
bow to her Captain, to make the best of his way to market. It
certainly is rather queer, that a native of France should not be
able to obtain redress in his own Courts, having slave proceedings,
whilst in ours he may boldly prosecute, estimate his gains, state
his losses, and obtain judgment against those who may have de-
tained him. The slaves in question, poor devils, as they were,
were stated by the Captain to have vastly improved under his
kindness and fattening fare ;. in short, he defended his proceedings
on the ground of humanity, that he had rescued them from greater
miseries than slavery in Christian countries. One fine handsome
fellow, who was to have been made a head shorter for trifling
with a Royal Concubint, may, to be sure, feel satisfied with the
change. In our late Papers, I see Messrs. Buxton, Denman,
and others, or some of them, assert, that marriage is not legalized
with the slaves in Jamaica. if publishing the banns by dozens,
as I hear them every Sunday, has not this effect, I know not how
they are to be legalized : they , further add, that a slave deserting
for six month! he.' can be hung—Tit is no such thing; in most in-
stances he escapes punishment, or receiving it, the amount rarely
exceeds two dozen on board ship !"
We subjoin a further extract from our Correspon-
dent's letter, which gives a dreadful account of the
atrocities committed by the persons carrying on the
Slave Trade, and at the same time shows the eaten
to which it is now carried on by ships of other coun.
tries :

" The cruisers on this station haVe been more than usually for-
tunate in capturing Slavers. I can hardly recount the atrocities
of the master and crew of the Napier), who stabbed,' even to mur-
dering, the poor Negroes, whilst waiting passiVely for their liberty,
to endeavour to force them into quitting the vessel, and that too
for slavery. Yet the fiends not content with this, placed lighted
matches in the magazine, to blow up nearly 200 poor beings,
and their liberators also. In the case of the Orestes run on
shore on some keys in the Gulf of, Providence (well named so in
this instance), by the Union schooner, when she could not have
had a day's water on board, the dastardly crew deserted with all
the water there was, and left the poor wretches to perish from
thirst! which, in a short time they all must have done, had not
'the Speedwell fallen in with the wreck. The numbers found deitd.
in the hold, in consequence of being four days without water, is
not stated, but it is stated that 26 perished after capture. Well,
indeed, may you says-^" What an enemy is man to man ?" Look-
ing to the cruisers the Admiral has under his command, I am is
great hopes he will add largely to the list of captures, which al-
ready in his time, exceed those of any three stations for the last
twenty years."

It is not our.practice to notice the proceedings of
Societies merelyy clubbing together once a year for the
sake of good fellowship, and a good dinner ; }it
when we see a body of men, however humble their
condition in life, congregating for benevolent pur-
poses, we feel great pleasure in paying a just tribute
to their motives. The Society of Cabinet-makers is
of this description, having been established for the
praiseworthy object of relieving members who become
unable. to support themselves from illness or, other
casualty. Nothing contributes more to foster manly
spirit of independence in the working classes than the
certainty of obtaining relief in the hour of adversity,
from a ftind to Which they have themselves contn-
butiod,. That feeling acts as a, constant stimulus to
renewed exertion, and induces a proper system of
economy—the true source •of independence. If this
principle were: more generally acted upon by the opera-
tives, it would in a great measure prevent.the recur-
rence of that local distress which the public are so
frequently called on to relieve. It would besides im-
prove society by raising Men in their own estimation,
.410'Ontiment would naturally influence their' conduct
to deserve well of their neighbours. Those who have not
provided ,for "a rainy day,". cannot do better than
profit by the example of the:Cabinet-maker's Society

It appears that fiotwithstanding. the endeavours of
the Police to prevent the duel between Mr. LASIB-
TON and Mr. BEAUMONT, those Gentlemen actually
met and exchanged shots, but happily without any serious
consequences It seems to us very lament-
able that men of ,education and high station should
allow their tempers to be excited to such. a '-pitch as
not only to lead them to the use .f unjustifiable ex-
pressions, to each other,• but to induce them to follow
up those expressions with the most rancorous feelings
of personal hostility, and desire to deprive each other
of life. It is a sad example of the want of the influ-
ence of religious feeling in men whose station in life
renders -their example either beneficial or injurious to
Society, as their conduct is regulated by right or wrong
principles. ,

Major Cott!bourn, late Coloblel Ssitttary, came home passenger
by this vessel, which touched at the Mauritius. The Andromeda,
Capt. Muddle, from Van Diemen's Land, is' also arrived off Fal-
mouth ; sailed on the I9th February, when she left the Colony
trade was dull. We shall to-morrow publish a letter, giving a
very favourable account of this interesting colony.
