from the neck : the edges of the coat are trinnned
with broad braid, and buttons made in the shape
of a barrel ; sleeves fit close to the arm. The
waistcoat is made of a blue figured marcella,
with a rolling collar, and covered buttons. The
trowsers are salmon-coloured moleskin, made
tight to the shape, small at the knee, and hol-
lowed over the boot, with straps of the sane.
WALKING DRESS.—A dark green olive coat,
made with a heavy collar, cut off square at the
ends, with a small step in front ; the lappel has
a very sharp point at top, and turns nearly to
the bottom of the fore-part ; the skirts and
sleeves are very full. The waistcoat of white
marcella, is made with a roiling collar, and bound
with black galloon ; there are flaps instead of
welts for the pockets. Trowsers of a light fawn
colour kerseymere, or a fine Indian nankeen, are
made tigh.t on the hips, and then large, to come
well o'er the boot at bottom.
A LIGHT RIDING DRESS.—A brown su-
perfine dress coat, made with a very tasty collar,
which is covered with velvet ; the lappel is en-
tirely new, and pretty, the curve being so well
formed ; the waist of this coat is rather short,
and the skirts also ; the pockets are under the
flaps ; the sleeves are particularly large at top.
The waistcoat is made of a blue spotted mar-
cella, with a plain turn-down collar, and a small
step in front ; it buttons rather high, and the
fore-parts well curved over the hips ; buttons of
the same. The pantaloon trowsers are of a very
light grey Merino, to set full on the hips, to the
knee ; and then cut like pantaloons, with straps
to go inside of the shoe.

THE CROPS IN ESSEX AND SUFFOLK.

A journey of a hundred and fifty miles through
the above counties during the past week enables
us to state, with some degree of confidence, the
prospects of the farmer, from the present appear-
ance of the crops in this quarter of the kingdom.
In the line of road from London to Chelms-
ford we were forcibly struck with the great con-
trast. exhibited in the Wheat crop ;' some of it
being very thin and poor—some extremely back-
ward, and a good deal lodged—while in other
instances the most extraordinary picture of early
maturity and abundance was as conspicuously
manifested. Desirous of ascertaining how far the
report was well founded, that the ear had suf-
fered much by disease, we attentively examined
several fields, and in the ears we gathered the
ravage was but too -plainly discernible. Essex
is not much of a Barley county, but the crops
that fell under our notice shewed that a most
gratifying improvement had been derived from
the late rains. The same may be remarked of
Oats. Of Beans we are apprehensive that a very
short crop only can be expected ; but Peas, on
the contrary, will be an unusually prolific supply.
In several instances they had already demanded
the operations of the husbandman. The Potatoe
crop is commonly abundant.
In the neighbourhood of Braintree and Hal-
sted, the maggot in the Wheat was much com-
plained of, as well as the onerous effect of the
poor rates, which, in this part of the country, are
as high as sixteen shillings in the pound upon
the rack rents—the parishes, too, full of unem-
ployed labourers, and those which are at work
having their wages partly defrayed from the pa-
rochial funds.

In a more distant part of this county an in-
telligent gentleman gave the writer the following
information, resulting from his local observation
and inquiries :—" The crops," he says, " gene-
rally, are better than they were last )ear, although
the late heavy rains have done them some injury,
and been the cause of producing the insect called
the red gum; but this is not so injurious in the
present year as in past seasons, which may be as-
cribed to the ears being very fine, and a great
number four-set instead of three ; the latter are
observed to be more affected with the disease
than the former ; the middle set, in some ears,
being entirely destroyed, but the corner set are
generally perfect." It is a common opinion that
there will be an average crop, and the Wheat
good, unless there be a continuance of wet
weather. In Essex the red gum is prevalent every
year, but not to such an extent as at present wit-
nessed. The other crops (with the exception of
Beans) are all good ; Peas particularly so. With
respect to Turnips, this may be called the finest
season for them we have experienced for many
years ; for, having had such forcing weather, they
have grown too fast for the fly. The Hay and
Clover in this and the adjoining county have
been got up in very bad condition. If fine
weather continue, Wheat must be lower in price,
which, with the duty rising, will, it is hoped,
check the speculation in foreign corn. Harvest
will commence generally in this county on Mon-
day next, weather permitting.
In our progress through Suffolk, we remarked
the Wheat to exhibit the same varied growth—
in some places being completely green, and in
others nearly ripe for the sickle. Oats, too, are
looking uncommonly well, and very forward.
Beans have a more promising appearance in this
county than in Essex. Nothing 'clan surpass the
hopeful prospect of the Peas. A Suffolk gen-
tleman, who farms a tolerably extensive breadth
of land, and whose means of information are by
no means limited, informed us, with reference to
this county generally, that " the Wheats, on the
whole, are looking well ; in some places the ear
is considered defective, but it is thought there
will be a full average crop. The Barley, on poor
lands, and where put in early, is very bad; and
on middling lands there is also a great deal of
ordinary. The Beans are short in the straw,
and much improved by the late rains, but will,
nevertheless, be a light crop. Both 'White and
Grey Peas promise to be very abundant. The
major part of the Grass and Clovers has suf-
fered severely from wet. Turnips and Mange]
Wurzel look kindly; the former promises un-
usually well."
The operation of the duty upon foreign corn
produces no effect in limiting the importations;
for notwithstanding the duty is at 16s. Bd. per
quarter (having risen 6s. within the last week or
two), the arrivals of Wheat into the port of Lon-
don from foreign parts, during the last ten days,
have amounted to upwards of 50,000 quarters.
As a practical illustration of the effects of this
ruinous system upon the home grower, we may
add a fact communicated to us by a respectable
auctioneer in Essex, that, at a recent public sale
of growing crops, the most he was enabled to
obtain for the Wheat was 91. and a crown per
acre ; and for Beans 205.!

The aggregate average of the six weeki which
regulates the duty being this week under 685., a
farther advance has taken place, making the duty
now 18s. Bd. per quarter. We merely state
the fact, not having the slightest belief that
one grain less -will continue to be shipped to
this country.

At the time of writing this, we regret to state
the weather has become very unsettled, with
a cold atmosphere and heavy rain.—County
Herald.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE,

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From th), Messager des Chanibrii 'of July 29. )
SICOND EDITION:

" PARIs, Jets 29.—Letters from Betlift of the
19th say that it is at the desire and at the instance
of the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh, that that of Ber-
lin has sent General Muffling to Constantinople on
a special mission, and many persons suspected as
much. The Emperor desires to prove, at the mo-
ment When the chances of war are the most favour.
able to him, that he is free from all views of ambi-
tion and conquest which are ascribed to him, in the
midst of a nation which for its part has not always
piqued itself in the east, on moderation and disinte-
restedness, though its dearest interests ate net
threatened, and it has not been, like Russia, deeply
offended in its dignity. The proposals which are
to be made to the Ottoman Porte are, as they were
from the beginning, the inviolability of the treaty of
Akerman, and the free navigation of the Black Sea,
without insisting on the demolition of the Castle of
the Dardanelles. Nevertheless, the Emperor seems
firmly resolved not to restore the fortresses con-
quered by his arms in Asia, which served as a de.
fence and refuge for robbers of every description,
and especially for the sale of Russian subjects into
slavery.
" With respect to Greece, his magnanimous poli-
cy will not vary : he will insist upon its obtaining
the extent of territory without which it will have
no independene--that is to say, a positive line from
Volo to Arta, so that it may include not only
Athens, but a good part of Thessaly.";
" We quote the opinions of the various journals
on the approaching change which they assure us is
to take place in the Ministry. We beg our readers
to compare the several versions : this may serve to
appreciate their truth."
(Here follows extracts from the Constitutionnel,
the Journal de Paris, and the Journal du Commerce,
after which the Messager adds)—
"Ti uly the public is:well informed ! How many
combinations—how many changes ! and it is on
Monday that we are to have the Royal ordinance!
Monday will come, and the ordinance will not ap-
pear, which will not prevent the journals in the fol-
lowing week from giving their readers some more
new Ministers."
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, JULY 29.—Five per Cents.
109 f. 60c. 50c. 55c. ; Three per Cents., 81. f. 115 c. 95c.
82f.; Bank Stock, 1,550 f. ; Naples Stock, 81f. 60c. ;
Royal Spanish Loan, 751 f. ; Spanish Rentes Perpetuelles,
501. ;—Exchange: on London, one month, 25f. 55c. ;
three months, 251. 40c.— Cours Authentique.

AMERICAN PAPERS.
LATE AND IMPORTANT FROM COLOMBIA.

We are indebted to the politeness of the Colem-
bian Consul for Caraccas Papers to the 6th of June
inclusive. They confirm the important rumour re-
ceived a few days since by the schooner Chatham,
from Porto Cabello, that the war between Colombia
and Peru was likely to he renewed.

A letter to the Editors of the Baltimore Ame-
rican, from their correspondent at Havannah, under
date of the 17th of June, says—" The expedition
against Mexico is nearly ready, but General Bar-
radas has sealed orders to be opened at sea, and it
is not yet known at what point this force will be di-
rected. We have no news."

FROM CAMPEACHY.—We learn from Captain
Grannis, of the schooner Sarah Francis, which ar-
rived yesterday in eighteen days from Campeachy,
that a rumour of the proposed invasion from Ha-
vannah had reached that place, and that a short time
previous to his sailing, 10,000 troops were collected
there, 6,000 of whom had since left, the report being
suspected to be false. Four thousand regulars still
remained.

T. M. Rodney, Esq. agent at Havannah, arrived
yesterday in this place, having left Havannah on
the 18th tilt.

Mr. Rodney states, that the Spanish expedition
fitting out at Havannah, and destined for Cam-
peachy, was to sail on the 23d of June. The com-
mander of the expedition was by no means sanguine
of any good resulting from a descent upon the
Mexican coast, but believed that the attempt would
be a sacrifice of his army of 3,500 men. It was,
however, an order of the King, and must be obeyed.
—Wilm. (Del.) Adv.
THE EXPEDITION AGAINST MEXICO.—We have
information on which we can rely, in relation to cer-
tain circumstances connected with this Quixotic en-
terprise, which are of some interest to the public,
and important to be known in Mexico. Such is the
state of things, that we are well confirmed, not only
in the opinions we have expressed of the necessary
failure of the enterprise, but of the insincerity and
dishonesty which have dictated it,
Barradas, who is placed at the head of the expe-
dition, has not wisdom enough to make the decla-
ration attributed to him in a paragraph we copied
from a southern paper yesterday. He undoubtedly
thinks he may reconquer one of the old colonies;
but the Governor, officers, and inhabitants of Cuba
are unanimously opposed to it, and regard it as a
wanton and useless exposure of human life. E ren
the Spanish Ministry, far from sanctioning the un-
dertaking, resolutely opposed it, and could not be
prevailed on to give their consent ; so that the order
was finally communicated, not from the proper de-
partment, nor through the customary channels, but
by the King himself directly to the commander.
This was done in so peremptory a manner, that no
remonstrance or opposition could be made; and of
course the plan is to be pursued.
With regard to the King, it is incredible that
he could really anticipate any important results from
sending so contemptible a force to the Mexican
coast, and under the command of an ignorant boat-
man, as Barradas is, without talents, merit, military
education, or experience. His Majesty, it is to be
presumed, expected, by this show of invasion, to
satisfy those who were clamorous for it, and pro-
bably hoped some of the expelled Spaniards would
trust part of their treasure in his hands. Judging,
however, from what we heard of the unanimous opi-
nion in Cuba, we believe he will be disappointed in
both these respects. The force is far too small to
encourage disaffected individuals in Mexico to risk
their interests on its success, as it will plainly be
unable to defend itself—much more to protect them.
At the same time those who have wished to see the
conquest undertaken in earnest, are disgusted at this
feeble attempt. We now learn that the report of a
reinforcement from Spain does not obtain the least
credit even at Havannah.

Captain Mayberry, who arrived at Providence,
on Saturday last, in 13 days from Havannah, states
that the expedition under Com. Laborde, destined
for Mexico,whick was to sail on the Ist July, was
expected to be joined by other troops from Spain, to
the number of 20,000 men, the whole expected to
be under the command of Don Carlos, brother of
the King, who was looked for in Havannah, and
lodgings prepared for his reception. It was the opi-
nion of some in Havannah that the expedition was
intended for the purpose of effecting the most
favourable terms possible in the contemplated recog-
nition of the independence of Mexico by the Spa-
nish Government.

NEW ORLEANS, JUNE 13.—Captain Milner, of
the Lavinia, reports that an attempt had been made
to assassinate Commodore Porter. He had been
ordered to the city of Mexico, and on his way thi-
ther, in company with a gentleman from New York,
and attended by two servants, when about forty
leagues from Vera Cruz he was attacked by a party
of nine horsemen, two of whom had advanced within
a short distance of him, when he turned and disco-
vered their intentions. He instantly wheeled and
shot one of them, who turned out to be the leader,
drew his sword, and struck off the hand of the
other, who had engaged him. The rest, seeing their
leader fall, fled. The chief of the band, it is said, is
the very man from whom the Commodore procured
horses for the journey.
Dim YORK, JULY 8.-.. COTTON.—The sales yes-

.:,.,
terday and the day before amounted to about out)
bales, consisting- of about 'lt 0 Upland at 8 to 81,
and 27 New Orleans within our range.
Exc6nire en London', 60 days ' 9 per cent Pm. . •
On Amsterdam - 4O a 401 A cents. per gull.
on France - sf. 271ic. a 3f. 25c.
Freight to Liverpool • ;id. sterling per lh
Continent '• • ; • I cent.
PRICES OF STOCKS. Offered. Asked
Fret'ed States Sixes, ..... ... 1815 ipo% 101
Ditto
Ditt , ... :,,iir and a Half 1531 9B!,
_p),

Ditto
Banks.—United States

JS
U
1004
1?04,

20
New York " • ;I*i lit
Natiliattrn •>: '• ' 11234 114%
1421.i:haws
Union — 90
America 85% 86%
SALES OF STOCKS.
July 6.-600 Dollars United States Five per Cent. 1515 ... 10:1
10 Shares Long Island Bank ..:,_ - -•• 'O2
July 7-12,00 Dollars United StateF: Six per Cent: 191 ..• 10014
9;001.1 • - • ' Ditto ... Fives
9,000 Ditto Four and Half 9BN

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Flank ktock
3 per Cent. Red SPA%
3 per Cent. Cons....S9S, 9
per Cen ' ,
Ditto Red. 98N %
t per Cent. 102%34 3 27.4
Ditto. 1'26
Ditto Scrip
Bank L. Ann.
India Stock
)itto Bonds 59 pm.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS TIIIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — Neapolitan ....
Brazilian Bonds Peruvian Bonds
Buenos Ayres Bonds — Portuguese Bonds
Chili= Bonds 16% Prussian, Old
Colombian Bonds — Ditto, New —
Ditto, 1824
-- . -

Daniih —,Spanish, 1821 834
Greek Bonds — 1813 - , —
Ditto, 182.5 French Rentes, sp. c. —f.
Guatimala. .s- -- Exchange ...... —f. —c.
Mexican Bonds 3 per cent —t. —c.
Ditto, 1825 11% . Exchange —f. —c.

PRICES OF SHARKS THIS DAT AT ONE O'CLOCK.
