PRICE OF IRISH S'

'OCKS, NiARCII 16.

Bank Stock ... ..... i 239 .St. Patrick Incur. (per share)...
Consols, 3 percent Royal Irish Ditto —;
Gov. Stock, 314 per cent....SN}i - % National Ditto—
' Ditto New patriotic Ditto —
4 per Cent. - '
Gov. Deb. 36 per cent BB% Provincial Ditto
Royal Canal Stock • - ,-- Royal Irish Mine —
Grand Canal Sittk Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent. -- Mining Co. of Ireland 2%
Balast Office Deb. 4 per cent. Commercial Buildings —

FOREIGN EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
IhmsußGH, MARCH 13.-36. 10g.—Two months, 36. 7%,
BERLIN, MARCH 10.—Three months, 6. 28%.
LEIPSIC, Minot 9.—Three months, 6. IN.

MAILS. •
Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due.
O America 0 2 Guernsey& Jersey. 2
• 0 Brazil . 0 1 Harnburgh 0
O Buenos Aytes • I I Holland - I
0 Dopaghadee , 0 0 Jamaica 0
2 Dublin
O Flanders 2 0 Lisbon 0
O France
3 Gottenburgh 2 1 Waterford I

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning l6 minutes after 7. j Evening 50 minutes after 7.

Zbt, cnl,

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, MARCH 19, 1827.

We received last night the French Papers of Thurs-
day, with the prices of the Funds on that day.
The project of law for the abolition of the Slave
Trade was carried on Wednesday in,the Chamber of
Deputies by a majority of 44, the votes in favour of
the measure being 264, and those against it 220.
The small majority by which the measure was
adopted by the Chamber of Deputies, and the strong
feeling which exists in favour of slave-dealing in many
parts of France, seem to render it very doubtful whe-
ther ,the prodect will finally pass, and become part of
the law of France. The following are the Articles
adopted by the Deputies:—
_

Ist. Merchants, ship-owners, supercargoes, and all those who
shall in any manner whatever engage in the traffic called the slave
trade—the Captain or commander, and all the other officers of the
crew, all those who shall knowingly participate in this traffic, as
assurers, contractors, or by any other title,excepting that implied
in the third article, shall be punished by banishment, and a tine
equal to the value of the ship and cargo in the port from which she
The fine shall he declared against all the individuals con-
demned conjointly ; and the ship itself shall be confiscated.
2d. The Captain and officers of the crew shall be declared in-
capable of serving in any capacity, either in his Majesty's ships, or
in any trade ships belonging to France.
3d. The other individuals forming part of the crew shall be
subject to imprisonment from three months to five years.
4th. The decrees and judgments condemnatory of the slave
trade shall be inserted in the official part of the Moniteur, with
extracts containing the names of the individuals condemned and of
ships and ports from whence they sailed.
sth. The punishments inflicted by the present law are independ-
cut of those pronounced conformably to the penal code, against
other crimes or offences v-hich may be committed on board the ship.
The 6th and last article repeals the law of the 15th of April,
1818.

The Journal des Debats states, from the Journal
de Thoulouse and the Echo du Midi, that the Por-
tuguese who entered Spain by Caminha were only
disarmed for form's sake ; for a few days afterwards the
Spaniards supplied them with other arms, and they
returned again to the province of Tras-os-Montes. It
is asserted that this intelligence has been communi-
cated officially to the Spanish Government. We sub-
join a further extract from the Journal des Debats.
The Etoile of Friday morning has not yet reached us.
(From the Journal des Debats.)
The Journal de Thoulouse give a letter from Gonularella, dated
Feb. 19, which commences with these words—" I am on march
for Salto and its environs, with the brigade of light infantry, con-
sisting of the 10th and 11th Chasseurs, and the contingents of
the 12th, 23d, and 28th regiments of light infantry. Telles
Jordao, and the Marquis of Chaves, have already formed a junction
at Chaves." In conclusion, the letter states that General Mello's
division, 3,000 strong, is about to enter Tras-os-Montes, and
marches in three columns. The Echo says, that General Silveira
has followed the example of the Marquis of Chaves, that he has
again put himself at the head of his division, that he has had some
engagements with the Constitutionalists, and that all the Portu-
guese refugees in Gallicia have returned to Portugal. These ac-
counts are far from meriting confidence ; but they serve to show
the spirit which prevails in the ranks of the Royalist Volunteers
of Spain, and the hopes with which the enemies of the Portuguese
constitutional system feed themselves.
A letter from Leghorn, dated Feb. 26, says—" The English
General Church has sailed for the Morea in a British brig of war.
It is said that he has been invited thither by the Greeks. This
is the same Church who commanded a corps of Albanians in Si-
cily, and who afterwards was appointed Lieut.-General in the ser-
vice of the King of Naples. He is nephew, by marriage, of Lord
Bathurst, the British Minister of War and the Colonies."
FRE NC tr F0xe5.....-PARIS, MARCH 15.—Five per Cents.
Jouiss. 22d March, 9Sf. 60c. ' • Three per Cents. 69f. 10c. ;
Bank Stock, 1,985 f. ; Rentes de Naples, 75f. 40c. ; Royal Spa-
nish Loan, 52E—Cows Authentique.

We received last night Dutch Papers to the 14th
March inclusive. The Dutch frigate Mathilda,
Captain GROENDUAL, arrived at Flushing on the
Bth, from Batavia, which she left on the 25th October ;
and the reports which she brings relative to the insurrec-
tion
in Java are said to be very favourable. The Staats
Courant also mentions the arrival of the Maria,
bringing intelligence from Batavia to the 11th No-
vember, which is likewise of a favourable nature.
The sickness at Groningen abates. The deaths
were ten fewer than in the preceding week ; but it is
to be recollected that the population has been dread-
fully reduced by the malady which has so long raged.
The Chevalier DE NAVIA, hitherto Spanish
Charge d'Affaires at the Hague, has been succeeded
by the Chevalier D'ANDUAGA, who has the character
of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary.

AMSTERDAM, MARCH 13.—Exchange on London—One
month, 11 f. 97ic. to 12f. ; Two months, 11f. 92. kc. to 11f. 95c.

The St. Petersburgh Journal of the 27th February
also reached us last night. The following are ex-
tracts

PETERSBURCH, FEB. 26.—An Imperial Ukase of Ist February
fixes at five per cent. the import duty on Persian merchandize
which shall be brought Into Georgia, or the ports in the district
_ _

~ r__ ___ n__..:.. _. ....1.:....ae. .... ~...ai.e« rl..ty is

be paid on these goods, if sent from Georgia to the interior of the
etnpire. _ _ .

In 1826, 241 ships arrived at Archangel, of which 171 were
English, and 47 Russian ; the remainder from different foreign
countries. All the foreign ships and 23 Russian sailed again in
the course of the year.

Lord RODEN'S speech in the House of Lords, on
Friday, has, of course, met with the high approbation
of the party to which he belongs ; but though we are
behind none in our esteem for that Nobleman, whom
we believe to be a sincere Christian and an excellent
man,—still we cannot sufficiently express our astonish-
ment and regret at the violent language which he is
reported to have used. Would that Noble Lord prefer
a rebellion or civil war, (for it is the fashion to give
names to such, after the contest is decided), with its
long train of murders and executions, and attainders,
and fields of carnage, and burning villages, and a
wasted country, and all the frightful consequences at,
tendant on it ?—would he really prefer a scene like this,
which it is difficult for the mind to realise in all its
horrors, to any possible consequences resulting from
the concession of their civil rights to the people
of Ireland ? The Noble Lord must have visited
foreign countries where Roman Catholics abound.
Were they; with one accord, set upon aggrandising
the POPE at the expense of their families and their
country ? Were they invariably distinguished from
their Protestant brethren by a fiery zeal ? Or will
not Lord RODEN admit that, like the rest of the
world (unhappily), they troubled their heads very little
about their religion, which, mistaken or not, always
becomes important to men under persecution ? The
party to which he belongs, though afraid to
say so openly, constantly argue as if they alone
were friends to our holy Protestant faith, and as
if the want of hostility to the Catholic claims denoted
a laxity of religious principle and an approval of the
Catholic creed. Now, to this assertion, whether
openly or covertly made, we give the most unqualified
contradiction. We have no hesitation in saying
of many persons whose names may be found in
the late glorious minority, that they are at least not
inferior to any of the opposite party in their zeal for
the Protestant religion, and in benevolence to the hu-
man race. But they see that Catholics (notwith-
standing the unfortunate errors -oftheir faith) are very
good subjects in other countries, where no distinctions
are made ; they see that Ireland, where these distinc-
tions have been made for centuries, is the most un-
happy country on the face of the earth, and therefore
they fairly enough argue, that not the badness of the
faith, but the distinction made amongst fellow-subjects
on account of religious opinions, must be the occasion
of the crimes and the miseries for which Ireland is -so
unhappily distinguished. Butthe Orangemen are still
enamoured of their scheme, which they think has not
had sufficient time since the days of STRONGBOW, to
prove its excellency. We suppose two or three more
centuries would be all they would require for com-
pleting the experiment.
As to the Noble Lord, on whose speech we
have taken the liberty of offering these remarks, we
must again express our respect for his character, and
our regret at seeing him on what we consider the
wrong side of the Question. We are aware of the
danger of such antagonists, and are reminded of
the advice given by a lady, the wife of a Missionary,
who passed many years of her life in the Burman
Empire. Writing home, she says, (we quote from
memory) " take care whom you send as Missionaries,
for one wrong-headed conscientiously obstinate per-
son may do more harm than can be expressed."
We do not think Lord RODEN wrong-headed, ex-
cept on this subject, but the other quality makes any
man a very dangerous opponent.
For the account of the Catholic Meeting held this
day, and for the speech of the Premier Duke of Eng-
land, we refer our Readers to another part of our
Paper. It will be seen with what sentiments the
English Catholics have received the rejection of their
Claims.

Hamburgh Papers of the 13th instant have been re-
ceived this morning. The inundations at Bremen
had done great damage, and put the inhabitants to
much inconvenience and personal danger. The King
of SWEDEN has submitted three several propositions
to the Storthing of Norway, respecting a more equit-
able adjustment of the legislative power between the
two branches of the State :

The accounts from our sister city BilrAe:Lißenu,Rcgiirv'emalvßecryH ml2el.an-
choly picture of the inundation which has followed the breaches
in some of the dykes. A part of the city and neighbouring
country is under water already, on the Bth the communication
was kept up by means of boats. On the 7th, a number of re-
spectable citizens issued a circular, appealing to the public in be-
half of the sufferers by this sudden calamity.
LUDIVIGSLUST, MARCH 6.
Her Royal Highness the Hereditary Grand Duchess Alexan-
drine, was happily delivered yesterday of a Prince, who is to be
baptized by the name of Frederic William Nicholas.
BERLIN, MARCH 10.

On the 6th, his Majesty, for the first time since his recovery,
and. yesterday evening
took an airing in the Park, appeared for
the first time at the Opera. Spontini's Alcidor was performed,
and his Majesty, coming to the front of his box at the end of the
first act, was greeted with the most rapturous acclamations, and
the orchestra was obliged to perform our " God save the King,"
Heil der in Siegerkranz.

CHRISTIAIsTIA, )(ARCH 1.

On the 26th of last month the King addressed a Royal Mes-
sage with three several propositions to the Storthing, which were
presented to-day in the usual form by 31. Collet, Counsellor of
State. In his message his Majesty, referring to his proposal
for some improvements in the Constitution made in 1824,
says, that his only object was the welfare of the people of
Norway, and the consolidation of its institutions, by establishing
between the two branches of the legislative authority, an equili
briurn which does not exist in so perfect a manner as might be
wished. His Majesty is now even more fully persuaded than he
then was that the definitive veto is an essentially necessary element
of stability in a representative constitution ; he is, however,
averse to precipitate measures, being convinced that the most
useful reforms are destitute of a solid foundation unless they are
supported by the conviction of the representatives of the nation
and that of the great mass of the citizens. His Majesty also
thinks, on further consideration, that the proposals made to the
Storthing were not sufficiently distinct from each other, and has
therefore judged it advisable to produce them in a more simple
form, that the members of the Storthing for 1830 may be able
to learn the opinion of their fellow-citizens, to give their own,
and to vote on each article separately.
STOCKHOLM, MARCH 2.—We learn from Christiania that the
King will leave that city on the Stb, and arrive here on the 14th.
The town of Carlsbad has lately suffered much damage from
fire.

The Allgemeine Zeitung of the 11th inst. just re-
ceived, contains a report that the Acropolis was closely
the Seraskier, and that FABVIER had

hesieved by

even stipulated to surrender, if not relieved by a certain
time, provided the troops were allowed to keep their
arms, but the Seraskier rejected the proposal.

(From the Austrian Observer)

CORFU, FEB. 16.

A ship which arrived here yesterday evening from Mancha, on
the S. E. point of Attica (opposite Makronissi) and which left
that port on the 9th Feb. brings word that the Acropolis was at
that time most closely pressed by Redschid Packs, who had kept
up the strictest blockade since Fabvier entered the fort,* whose
small corps having brought indeed souse ammunition, but no
provisions,
had increased the distress of the garrison. Fabvier's
corps is said to have made two attempts to leave the place, but
to have been repulsed in both with the loss of some of his best
officers. The garrison is repotted to have made offers to capitu-
late if not relieved within a certain time, but to have required to
be allowed to withdraw with its ;.rmS, which the eraskier
refused. There are various reports of the proceedings of ibrabiai
since the arrival of the reinforcements from Alexandria. The
most probable is that, having kept good garrisons, in Modorii
Coron, and Navarin, he returned to Tripolizza; others less ere-,
dible say he has embarked with most of his troops at Navarin
either to attack Hydra, or as others think, to proceed
to Candia, and drive the Greeks from Carabusa, which
enables them to interrupt the communication with Egypt,
and to exercise the most infamous acts of piracy
on vessels navigating those seas. The garrisorrOf Carabusa was
in want of provisions, and applied to Napoli. The Government
sent a cargo of flow on board an lonian schooner the Two
Brothers, Capt. Spiridron Rouchi, but it was captured by the
Mainotes, and the cargo divided among the chiefs of that brave but
rapacious tribe.
4' Letters from Smyrna, of Feb. 1, confirm the above ac-
count, and add, that Admiral de Rigny had sent a French man of
war to the gulf of Egina, to be ready to bring away Fabvier and
his men, as was done on a previous •defeat in Attica.—Note of
Austrian Observer.

Letters were received from Ireland this morning, an-
nouncing the death of Sir EDWARD BELLEW. Our
readers are, of course, aware that Sir EDWARD took
a leading part in the proceedings of the Catholic Asso-
ciation. He was present at the delivery of the speech
for which Mr. SHIEL is to be prosecuted, and was to
have been produced az a witness at the trial on the
part of that Learned Gentleman. •

Letters have been received from Rio de Janeiro, dated the 19th
January, mentioning that the Emperor Don Pedro had arrived
back there on the 15th, from the army, after having effected little
whilst absent. A complete change of Ministry had taken place,
and the Emperor had dismissed four of his Ministers.

We have great pleasure in contradiCting the report contained
in the Southampton Port Letter received this morning, which
states that a boat, with an Officer and four men from the Lowther
Castle, Steward, from China, after landing the Purser and de-
spatches, were supposed to have been swamped on their return to
that vessel. On the contrary, the boat with the officer and crew
have arrived safe.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, Twelve o' Clock.

The business in the British Funds has hitherto been of a very
uninteresting character ; Consols opened at 82/, were afterwards
82113- 1, and are now 82a, sellers; not a single bargain has
been made in the New 4 per Cents. ; India Bonds and Ex-
chequer Bills remain precisely at Saturday's premium, viz., 54 6
for the former, and 34 5 for the latter. The Foreign Funds
seem to sympathise with the British Securities, and scarcely any
-transactions have taken place since the commencement of the houis
of business ; Colombian 6 per Cents. are 401 a, and Mexican,
691 3 ; in Spanish some trifling movements have taken place,
being 121 I Brazilian Stock, 651 6. Shares continue to at-
tract little attention ; Brazilian Mines are, however, better, being
from 3- to 1 pm., they have since advanced t 0,33 43 pm. ; in the
other speculations there is nothing new to report.
Three per Cent. Consols, 82-a, sellers; Ditto for account; 821,
sellers ; 4 per Cent., 97a ; India Bonds, 54 6 pm. ; Exchequer
Bills, 34 5 pm.
FOREIGN Fusos.—Brazilian, 653 6 ; Buenos Ayres, 50 2 ;
Chilian, 36 ; Colombian, 1824, 401 ; Danish, 61 3 ;
French 5 per Cent., 99 3 ; Ditto 3 per Cent., 69 3 ; Greek,
16/ 4 ; Mexican 5 per Cent. 57 8 ; Ditto, 6 per Cent. 691
; Portuguese, 75 6 ; Russian,B73 ; Spanish,l2l
423 40 dis. ; Brazilian, 3?-, 43 pm. ;
Colombian 15 17 per Share ; Pasco Peru-
Pezitns,._34-1.5gi0
; Potosi, 29 31 per Share ; Real del Monte,
70 sopm. ; Tlalpuxalitia, 20 30 pin. ; United Mexican, 131 123 die.
eßioalrtv, alra-pal-r53:1 pm.
;
Two o' crock.
The Consol Market has been lively, and the price had at one
time advanced to 824, nearly buyers ; they are now 82i sellers.
Four per Cents. 97a. Colombian Bonds have advanced 1 per
cent., and are 411.
Consols, 824

THREE 0' CL 0 CX.

MEETING-(THIS DAY•)

BRITISH CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.

A numerous and highly respectable Meeting of British Catho-
lics was held at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, at one
o'clock, pursuant to advertisement, for the purpose of expressing
the feelings of the Catholic body upon the discussions which have
recently taken place in Parliament on the subject of the Catholic
Claims. _ _

Amongst the distinguished individuals present, we noticed his
Grace the Duke of Norfolk, Lord Stourton, Lord Dillon, Sir -
John Bourke, the Hon. Mr. Petre, Mr. Roseon, Mr. Blount, Mr.
Canning, Dr. Collins, and a number of beautiful and fashionably-
dressed females. We also noticed the Pon. Mr. Dawson, Mem-
ber of Parliament for Louth.
Upon the motion of SIR JOHN BOURKE,
His Grace the Duke of NORFOLK took the Chair. In rising
to address the Meeting, he said (after reading the advertisement as
it appeared in the newspapers calling the Meeting together)—
Gentlemen, about two years ago, I had the honour of being in the
Chair in this house, and at that time our affairs were in a somewhat
different state to what they are at present. Our claims had
then been conceded by the House of Commons, and rejected
by the House of Lords. But though we may appear to be, per-
haps, in a worse state at this moment than we were then, yet
think that if the state of the minority in the House of Commons
is considered, we might rather congratulate ourselves than other-
wise.—(Hear, hear.)—For I believe that gentlemen who have
analyzed the House, have found that if the whole House of
Commons could have voted, we certainly, upon the whole House
having voted, should have had a majority.—(Hear.)—Including '
those who were favourable to us, many of whom staid away, and
many others who did not vote, who might have had inducements
with which I shall not trouble you, for neither voting one way or
the other; taking those altogether, if they had voted we should have
had a very great majority in the House of Commons. Gentle-
men, I think that puts us into a better state than we werehefore.
But, however, if besides that, we consider the progress our cause
has made in the country, I think we may look to that with
satisfaction. Certainly in the more populous parts--the ma-
nufacturing towns, where there is more of information,
and where people reason a great deal more than they did before,
and have better informed themselves of the nature of our feelings,
and what belongs to us, I think there it might be observed that
we have made great progress.--(Hear, hear.) Perhaps, in the
agricultural parts of the country,
we may not have made so much ;
but there it must be considered, that whatever the parson says is
law. The parson has only to talk of bloody Queen Mary, of
burning Smithfield, of hobgoblins, and I know not what; and
that is enough to disgust people, and to confirm their prejudices.
—(Laughter and applause.) But even there, I trust, we are still
gaining ground ; so much so, that in a short time, it will be
impossible to resist the English rights of British subjects.—
(Hear, hear.)—For I must say, it is not only the rights of Catho-
lics, but of Protestants--it is the civil rights of all mankind that
are involved ; those are what we are to look to, and I trust, that
without considering a man's faith (for that is between himself and,
God) the civil liberty of British subjects,will be what all will consider
we ought to have the free exercise of.—(Hear.)—Gentlemen, I
think, considering that in the great minority in the House
of Commons, there is all the talent, and a great part of the pro-
perty of the country united ; that those who oppose -such
a minority as that, must soon degenerate into a sort of faction—
an Orange faction—that will hardly dare to drive our Catholic
countrymen in Ireland to extremes. Surely the 3,4 will not like to,
drive them to the last point of resistance, by withholding the,
.claims of six millions of men—so large a portion of the Empire!
Surely they will reflect before they do that. Gentlemen, it is
not my intention to occupy the meeting long, as there are a great
number of resolutions to be proposed, but I cannot help adverting
to one circumstance that took place in the late debates in th,

Rouse of Commons, as reported in the Newspapers. It is, that I
the Secretary for the Home Department (Mr. Peel), whom we
might have considered at length as a generous enemy, I think,
on this occasion, has acted quite otherwise.—(liear.)—He has
endeavoured to fix on us the stamp of idolatry, and to make an
argument in support of that from our not acknowledging the 2,1
Commandment. Such an argument was founded merely on this,that
he has taken up an Irish Catechism, abridged in several parts, fur
the sake of younger persons, being the more able to learn it ; and
that Commandment, being partly omitted in that abridgment, he has
grounded on that, or at least attempted to do so, an imputa-
tion of idolatry on our whole body. (Hear, hear, bear.)
s•li you will give me leave I will read that part of the
Catechism to you ; it is a very old book, it was printed in the year
1774, and the object of the treatise is a proposal for Catholic Com-
ulunion—for the uniting the two churches. It is put in the shape
of question and answer. One of the sets of catechisms is very
short; but in the other set the Commandments that are of
50Y length are set down full and entire, and which is
the Catechism for elder persons. [His Grace then read the dif-
ferent forms in which the Catechisms are printed, proving that
the parts left out in the abridgment arc inserted fully in the other
Catechism.] Now, I think, that the Secretary of the Home De-
partment should, before he attempted to fix on us so abominable
an imputation, have at least examined the whole of our
Catechism, which he had an opportunity of doing, and have
seen how our tenets were explained.-(Hear, hear, hear.)
--I think before he did that, by way of catching a few votes in
the House of Commons, lie ought to have instituted that examina-
tion. I think what he did was below what we have seen of him
at other times, that of an honourable opponent.—(Hear, hear,
hear.)—However, I will not take up more of your time,
but I was anxious, for I felt myself extremely indignant at
this imputation, I was anxious to explain this, as I felt it to be
necessary; and having done that, I shall leave the Resolutions
about to be discussed, now to be proposed.
Lord STOURTON then moved, that the thanks of the British
Catholic Association be given to their Secretary, Edward Blount,
41., whose character and conduct his Lordship highly eulogized,
and that he be again requested to undertake that office.
The motion was seconded by the Rev. Dr. COLLINS, and carried
unanimously.
Mr. BLOUNT returned thanks, and said that the cause for which
h„Y were assembled, was that of civil and religious liberty ; for
own part, he. could not see any distinction between Catholic
emancipation and civil and religious liberty. Although
no crime was attributed to the Roman Catholics, they
were deprived of that liberty, which confers dignity on
human nature. He would tell the Protestants that how-
ever inimical , they may be to the Catholics, yet the an-
cestors of the noblemen and gentlemen who were now around him
had formerly fought and shed their blood for the liberties of Eng-
land, and that their own (the Protestant's liberty) is but on
a very insecure foundation, when the Catholics are deprived of
their liberty for such trifling reasons. He would make one
remark, on the assertion so prevalent among their opponents,
that the Catholics wanted political power, and wished to over-
throw the Established Church. He heard that this assertion
was made by a Right Hon. Gentleman, but he would tell their
Deponents that it was not the object of the Catholics to obtain
Political power, but relief from political -degradation.—(Hear.)-
13Y what means, he would ask ? They were told it would be by
a majority, but what would he the effect of the passing of this Bill.
Only eight Noble Lords would be admitted to the House of Lords,
while they had a whole Bench of Protestant Bishops and a
host of Protestant Peers,, to rise up and protect the Established
Church on the first sound of the tocsin of alarm. To the House
of Commons, he said, he would venture to predict, that for half a
century, net half a, dozen Catholic Members would be admitted.
Under these circumstances, how was it possible for so small
a number to command such a majority? Could they with-
out magic or Prince Hohenlohe, solely by their eloquence, ac-
quire this power; -he was sure that it was not the wish of any
person present to overturn the Established Church ; but he could
not say much for the value of the Establishment, if it was poli-
tical doctrines that it taught, instead of those of charity and peace.
110 Catholics would wish their pulpits to echo any thing but the
doctrines of charity. They were now met under circumstances
somewhat different from those under which they had met last time.
They had now a majority of the House of Commons against them,
but as there were other gentlemen abler than himself to address
the. Meeting, he should say no more upon the subject, than ear-
nestly to entreat them to bear their defeat with dignity and firmness.
The Hon. Mr. PETRE then rose and said, that since they had
hat met, a debate on the Catholic question had taken place in
the House of Commons, and though the result was not of that
exhilarating kind that could be wished, yet he, as an Eng-
lish Catholic, saw no reason to despond, when they consi-
dered the shameful canvassing resorted to, and above all the
underhand influence used for insuring the majority. The Hon.
Gentleman then went on to congratulate the meeting on the way
in which their cause had been supported in the Commons, as also
by
the independent press; and although it was invidious to make
.distinctions, yet he could not pass over the Times, which had n ielded
its victorious weapons in the ablest manner, supported by the
Globe and Traveller in a manner which demanded their gratitude.
They had heard much of burning but the last burning was in Loa-
donl by the Protestants themselves. After a variety of other remarks,
the Hon. Gentleman concluded by entreating the Roman Catholics of
Ireland , to bear their defeat with temper, as the English Ca-
tunnel; did.
After the Chairman had taken his seat and some degree of order
as restored,
Mr. Rossi/4 addressed the Meeting and observed, that the cause
of the Catholics was gaining additional strength every time it was
agitated. Their cause was sacred, from the fire of heaven on the
altars they had lighted their torches, and he trusted soon to see it burn
thatlllY in every Catholic, but in every British breast, with a fervour
theiea.voruld show the world the firmness of an injured party, and
Dn•;',"ee of an opposing one, in granting their rights. He felt
txirnshijkle in Saying, that nearly all the junior branches of the Nobility
Universities had expressed their abhorrence of that bigotry
allue•heehati so long fired the breasts of their opponents. He then
to the promise made not to agitate the question again dur-
_
" ,g. the life of the late King ; that had ROW passed to a mere fact
t istory,
Air r. and England now expected every man to do his duty.
do eel had asked, what was to be gained by Catholic Etna.ncipa-
by It
Re w P well known that he (Mr. Peel) gained every as d thing
aition to it, had, in fact, gained every thing by it, and his oppo-
to it •He had gained his Secretaryship by his opposition
' and it now appeared that he wished to gain more. The
Learned Gand co,s,en t, concluded by expressing his certainty that by firmness
and an 0
...mcy an injured people would at length recover their rights,
the Ppressive one be convinced of their injustice in refusing
also
declared long and of the propriety of grahting them at last. He
declared that there never was a greater forgery than
that Nlr. Pi
mi.. E.
Atit, was ever opposed to the Catholic Claims.
and impani DONNEL next addressed the meeting in a very warm
llto Zed strain. All the evils of Ireland, he said, were
He coneessedgtd, the envy and admiration of the world.—
Catholic Bill t
west his first feeling, upon hearing of the defeat of the
For Sir Francis
?heir admission within thase
BurißdsePrirment, and
fohristhseecornadthdaltnbteantt.f—or
ed no boo
Justly called walls of thnat Constitution which was
and the Wilks'
glorious ' • the o dens
overn,
theeadnd not when the 0 r g
the Howard,.when the Cavendish 's
country, but
of the Irish Members angd the Russels guided its destininies. The majority
the Scotch Members
voted in favour of freedom, the majority of
England alone, the admiration voted in favour of freedom ; and it was
of surrounding nations, that de-
clared herself, by ber
representatives
—but the Catholics m opposed to freedom.—(Hear,
bad too long been one the nowd look to their own exertions—they
)_Thefeensive, they must now assume the
offensive(Applaus.
which the law sanctioned Yt must use all those exertions
Inal obtain for themselves those
civil rights which a free
life. The Learned Gentleman cotuulust value more than his
hardly find words suf-
ficiently strong to express his disgust hardly
the unworthy means
resorted to for the purpose of procurin
majority.—Had Lord
Liverpool been in the possession of his egnzgeze• , he would have been
dialhave been disgraced
'hocked that a cause which he advocated
by such practices. But the opposition
argu
reel actually produced a Catechism, and foundedstopm hents ere,
on Mr
it
which certainly had not the merit of novelty, eo
Gentleman had heard them advanced by tbatt the
Learned
!pence, and Evangelical purity, Captain Gordon,Pik of elo-
tsa distinguished a place than Ballinatdoe_4A at no
rhe Learned Gentleman proceeded to say, that jrnmercuse.)
11.1 e last debate he, by the advice of Mr. Blount, wrotelatlY after
'lle to requeit of him explanation to Lord
an on some of the do
trines im
arrived Puted to the Catholics by Mr. Peel. An e"
thie
n In that answer the kind Pr w"
presses e, es
""" astonishment Peelshould, in
that Mr. the present
instance, have d
candid o departed from his high station of an open and
opponent, and have descended to such disingenuous argu-
ments as those attributed
to him in the newspepers. If the
Right Honourable
Gentleman:had butiturnedito:his (Dr. Doyle's)
evidence before,the Irish Co
Winn of the unfair charges arttee, he would there found a refu-
e brought against the Catholics,
founded on their mutilation of thel
second commandment. The
Catholics had, in fact, preserved the terms
as well as the spirit of
the Commandments, although the form in which
they were given
did not correspond with that obtained in 'the Protestant Church.
—All that we knew of the Ten Commandments was this,
that ten precepts had been delivered hut no one could say
in what order. Mr. Peel himself took r. very active part

of rights.
RESOLVED—That the British Catholics have ever been sensible
of the honour conferred on their cause by the high character and
distinguished talents of those who have given it their support. It
has been repeatedly advocated by the most illustrious personages in
the nation: by none more effectively, or in a manner more con-
genial to the feelings of Catholics, than by the Right Reverend
the Bishop of Norwich. To him, for his repeated exertions in
their cause, the. thanks of the Catholics are eminently due, and
are hereby respectfully presented. In the memory of the Catho-
lics his services to them will ever live : his name will be men-

boned with praise and benediction by them and their posterity.
REsoLvEn—That we cannot too forcibly impress on the minds
of our Protestant countrymen the cruel and humiliating degrada-
tions to which we, as professors of the Catholic religion, are con-
stantly reduced under the existing penal laws; reproached with
idolatry in our worship, superstition in our tenets, and slavery in
our principles ; our solemn oaths and declarations disregarded ;
yet sharing, in common with our Protestant countrymen, the
burdens of the State, and the dangers of the field; whilst the ave-
nues to honourable ambition and profit are closed against us.

TRUEMAN V. HOLLINGSHED AND OTHERS.

MPORTANT TO MERCHANTS IN THE COTTON TRADE.
- .

Mr. PArrxsoN opened the pleadings. Thomas Trueman, John
Hide, and Thomas. Benson were the plaintiffs ; and Blundell, Hol-
lingshed, and Stafford, were the defendants. The action was to
recover the value of goods bargained for and sold by special con-
tract. The damages were laid at 10,0001. The defendants
pleaded they were not liable ; thereupon issue was joined.
Mr. SCARLETD stated the case. This was an action brought by
the plaintiffs, who were merchants, against the defendants, who
were merchants' brokers, at Liverpool, to recover a sum of money,
the value of a quantity of Egyptian cotton, which they had im-
ported for them from Alexandria and Trieste. A similar action
bad been tried in the Court of Common Pleas, in London, and the
right of the plaintiff to recover was there established, because an ac-
tion upon the same contract against them had been brought, and
the parties bringing that action recovered damages ; and, by 'a
somewhat paradoxical conclusion, the Jury would see, that in the
history of this case, the plaintiff had, throughout, behaved to the
defendant with the greatest candour, and given him every informa-
tion to conduct his defence. The Jury would, perhaps, recollect
that the trade with Egypt for cotton was of recent origin ; it com-
menced, he believed in 1823, down to 1825. So much specula-
tion had taken place in that article, that the twice of it had risen
considerably, far more than was consistent with the conA,..y.
However, although there was very considerable uncertainty as to
the sailing of the vessels from Trieste, through the currents in the
Mediterranean, it became necessary to send a vessel from this coun-
try, to bring home the cotton which the defendants had contracted
to purchase from the plaintiffs ; and, accordingly, a vessel, called
the Bristol, was despatched in May, 1825. The contract between
the parties was dated the 6th of April previous, at which time
there was a great briskness in that article. The contract ran that
the defendants were to purchase 500 bales of Egyptian, at 17d.
per lb., warranted of usual quality, and the money for it payable
by bills at three months, upon notice of shipment; and a Mr.
Wilkinson, who bad agents at Trieste, had given directions to his
broker not to confine himself to the time of arrival, because there
was so much uncertainty of the vessels sailing from that port ;
therefore, in the contract, no specific time for its completion was
named, which was a point to which he desired the particular at-
tention of the Jury. The contract, also, was not binding as re-
garded loss by shipwreck or accident of the seas. The Bristol,
having made her voyage out and home, landed 1,500 bales of Egyp-
tian cotton, and the defendants were called upon to attend the
weighing, it being always customary, at the port of Liverpool, for
the buyers to be present at the weighing of freightage, on its dis-
charge from the quay. But it so happened, that a very consider-
able decrease in the value of cotton had taken place ; and, had
that not been the case, most probably the Jury would not at all
have been troubled about the matter. The defendants, seeing the
thing unprofitable, determined on taking advantage of the unavoid-
able delay of the ship's arrival, as a pretext for getting rid of this
contract, and tried every means to repudiate it, but unsuccess-
fully ; and, as they refused to comply with its tenets, and re-
fused to take the cotton, this action was brought to recover the
amount of it, and there would be no qr estion that the plaintiffs
were entitled to a verdict.
Several witnesses were then called, and examined as to the na-
ture and commencement of the transaction. The dealing, it ap-
peared, wss originally commenced by brokers, at Liverpool, at
the instance of the vender of the cotton, through his merchants at
Trieste ; and the brokers disposed (during the excitement of the
market) of the cotton, then at the port of Trieste unshipped; and,
about a month after the disposal, in consequence of the scarcity of
shipping at the port, the Bristol was chartered out, and 1,500
bales were shipped in her. She arrived in due course at Liver-
pool, and then, although some of the purchasers took portions of
the cotton, the defendants refused. The contract was as follows :
.‘ Sold this day to you (naming the defendants), 500 bales of
Egyptian cotton, at I7d. per lb., to arrive from Trieste, and of
the usual average quality to he delivered in a merchantable'condi-
tion, and notice to be given of the name of ship upon advice of
shipment. Payable by bill, at three months, dated 10 days after
vessel's arrival."
The defendants sold 100 bales, immediately after the above con-
tract was made, out of the 500, at 19d. per lb. (a profit of 2d.
per lb.), to Mdssrs. Gee (brothers), and rehearsed in that sale this
very same contract.
s of the contract.
Were the result of
theSdoeinfeenldeatntetrss.
rwefeursealputot
ainogausieesvoiedeinncteh,
ewtehrinach
This was the plaintiff's case.
Mr. POLLOCK, for the defendants, contended that this contract
was by no means binding-
The Jury retired for half an hour, and returned, finding a ver-
dict for the plaintiffs, observing, that they considered that the time
taken by the plaintiffs was not so unreasonable as to vitiate the
contract.
The damages were then taken at 10,000/.9 subject to a re-
ference.

Beasts.
2,409

' .
• ' .
spapera. It is, that on the examination before the Committee, and the Right. Rev. Pre- LAW INTELLIGENCE.--(THIS DAY.) THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
r. Peel), whom we late saw no other way of accounting for the sentiments he was
HOUSE OF LORDS.--COURT OF APPEALS. CORN-EXCHANGE.
ms enemy, I think, supposed to utter in Parliament, than that the newspapers had
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that he would give judgments The arrivals of every description of Grain during the past week were
_( hear.)-He lia.s mistaken him• moderate, and this morning there is only a limited quantity of Corn
try, and to make an The following distiuguished individuals were present :-Lord
in the cases_ of The Attorney General v. the Corporation of fresh up from the adjacent counties, and very little from more distant et
cknowledging the 2,1 Stourton, Lord Dillon, Sir John Bourke, the Hon. Edward Petro, Dublin ; Ted v. Tod ; and Gardner v. Reekie, within this week. parts. The Wheat trade continues in a very heavy state, and except for
a few superfine samples, it may be quoted Is. to 2s. per quarter lower .
xl merely on this,that Mr. Blount, Alex. Thompson, M. P., Rev. Dr. Collins, Char lea TRISILESTON V. LLOYD. than last Monday. In Barley there is no alteration, but the sale is 11- tr
lin several parts, fur Butler, Colonel Honor, Mr. Canning, of Fexcob, Mr. Eyston, of The ATTORNEY GENERAL addressed their Lordships on behalf of iii3loited.
_Beans are dull in sale, and hardly support. last quotations. se
able to learn it ; and Hendred ; Mr. George Eyston, of Heneage, Mr. Charles Turville, the respondents in this case. He urged the propriety of remitting great difficulty
rniemi3 anitnaiiiTerdy heave, gadsethearpericuenslfetrheicf aiirpic,lluare e miiitihe
at abridgment, he has of Bosworth, Mr. George Bourke Kelly, of Acton, Mr. Wheble, it back to to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, with directions to demand for Oats is confined almost exclusively to stout fine samples,
I do so, an impute.- of Woodley. the Lord Chancellor to order a new issue, different from those
which had been heretofore directed ; for it might be possible re se-
lito‘ocehrr
lowerrs
eeldi l obtain last quotatioos, all other kinds of Horse Corn are ui
iisnyveryaludei,ll,TahneaFdloeculrinitnragdien
visaltuleuß at last week's prices. B
(Hear, hear, bear.)
The following were the Resolutions prepared b • the Commit.tee, for' a Jury to find that such bequests in the will as were
I that part of thePRICES ON BOARD OF sum al
for the purpose of being submitted to the Meeting.) Three of them
as printed in the yearmade to other persons than Lady Trimleston, were valid, Wheat, Red (old)
had been adopted when we went to press. and the bequests made to Lady Trimleston fraudulent. He
sal for Catholic Cum--
(1826)'risel((-,)
RESOLVED-That the. most grateful acknowledgments of thesos. 51s. ----..liek (new) ll, 466
It is put in the shape was aware of the difficulties which were opposed to their Lord- „ Fine - p
British Catholics arc eminently due and hereb iven to Edsv
f catechisms is very
Blount, Esq. secretary. to the British Catholicy Association,g for. ships coming to a decision, but the parties on both sides would be --- Superfine sBs. Oils. ----Harrow (new) 475. 30s. L
better. satisfied that the matter should come to a speedy conchi- - White 0.926) .... 535. 565. -.-..........-... (old) " C
adments that are of
his excellent conduct in that office, and his uniformly dilicent - Fine 583 60s. Brank
31. 333:. (1,1
s 1
sion, than that it should be prolonged on account of any defect in --- Superfine 62s. 655. Oats, Feed
tire, and which is
courteous, and patriotic, attention to, the promotion dour rnte:
then read the dif-
rests , and that he be requested to act at this meeting as Secre- the forms. Rye (new)
Barley 36s. 465. ....
355. 375. -- Poland
Fine
305. 335.
ninted, proving that
tart' to the British Catholics, as heretofore. After he had concluded his address, ....--....Fine (new) 3Bs. 395. ...........,---- Fine 3-Is. 363. at
fed fully in the other
nEsoLvED-Tkat we arc in no degree disheartened by our late The LORD CHANCELLOR. said, •that it was impossikle for the --....Superfine 4os 41s. - Potatoe 325. 345. ti
496. 535. ......-...-- Fine 3ls. 365.
House to come to any conclusion in this case, on account of the Malt ,-,
~
ary of the Home De-defeat (if a minority of four in a division of 548 can be fairly so de- irregularities with which the entire proceedings and pleadings rease,".6l-ree (new) - Scotch 39s. 406. ,
185. 50s Flour (per sack) 4ss. 50s. 0
on us so abominable
nominated;) that while we acknowledge, with gratitude, the support were conducted ; even if the verdict were allowed to stand, the ..----MaPle
the whole of our (new)
which our rightful claims have received for many years from the 435. 4.85. -.............N0rth Country 4os. 455.
of doing, and have
Commons House of Parliament, we owe it to ourselves, to the me- appellant could take nothing by it. Several persons interested in .....,..White (new) 4Bs. 525. Bran lls. 12s.
(Hear, hear, hear.) the will, who ought to have been made parties to the suit, were -
mory of our forefathers,. to our posterity, and to all who value the ARRIVALS OF GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST WEEK.
tehing a few votes in left out, and the case had been conducted as if Lady Trimleston
. rights of Englishmen, or who, like ourselves are subjected by law to
stituted that examine- ourselves,. are took all the interest under the will. w 81 1-d o=l
penalties or privations for religious opinions, never to desist from
twe have seen of him Lord REDESDALE thought that the only way in which justice 2 2 5 c
the prosecution of our claims to all the benefits of the Constitu- From Whence. . - el. - -t 0 . z
ment.-(Hear, hear, could be done, was to remit the case back to the Court of Chan- . '.'..' '.e e- , .. :e r, e t
tion till success shall have crowned our efforts. ---- - - - I
inure of your time, ' That we hasten to repeat our most grateful thanks eery in Ireland, with orders that the Lord Chancellor should
Q6r66s .
IQ6Or s 5. Qrs._
RESOLS En.-That
tremely indignant atdirect an issue to try whether any, or what instruments were the Aldborough
to the Roman Catholic Prelates in Great Britain, for the De--
this, as I felt it to belast testamentary Acts of Lord Trimleston, and at the same time, Boston - 2300 - - - c
claration recently published by them, and circulated by the As- to review all the pleadings, and give liberty to bring all the parties Cowes - - - - - - - 200 r
leave the Resolutions
sociation ; and we hereby solemnly renew our adherence to the concerned before the Court. ,i Coalrcuh
ieesitier - 57 54 736
s
437 385 -1190 27 - 215 86 722
principles therein contained,. knowing as we do, that they are the
thanks of the British After some observations from Dr. LUSHINGTON, ''',l Leigh 664 189 - 173 - 155 114 20 a
true principles of the Catholic Church throughout the world. Maldon 829 243 - 68 - 239 121 400
tart', Edward Blount,The Loan CHANCELLOR said, that he and Lord Redesdale 4'
[ship highly eulogized, RESOLVED.-That we mostsolemnly appeal to the justice and. Gainsborough
Would put their heads together, to see what could be done ; but Hastings 43
- - 10 - - - - 60 c
intelligence of our fellow-countrymen, we call upon them empha. he was afraid that the proceeding should commence de novo. Hull - - 120 - - - - c
that office.
tically to proclaim, whether they desire to disqualify us in our wich 265 158 845 - - 116 10 450
COLLINS, and carried Thus the subject rested. Kent 733 232 30 78 - 173 81 612
civil capacities, for offering up our prayers to God according to This case has been fourteen years pending, and has cost the Newhaven - - - 278 - -
the mode of worship transmitted to. us from our ancestors; whe- parties 80,000/. Southwold - - - 35 50
eat the cause for which
ther, in the present unparalleled distress of the nation, they still Stockton
- - - - - 304
religious liberty ; for Whitby
desire that Ireland should be a source of weakness, instead of VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
CG
tion between Catholic Wisbeach l6 - - 671 - 10 - -
liberty. Although strength ; whether they are anxious to retain that country for ever MORTISSER V. DAVIS.
in a state of discontent and military subjection ; and in fine, The Bill in this case was filed for the purpose of administering Woodbridge 556 973 ,28 - - 115 31 905
34 1268 2677 230 - - 50 1906
non Catholics, they
whether they are resolved that, among the nations of Europe, to the effects of Mr. Mortimer'. The testator by his will devised
confers dignity on and' tc h
238 _ _
______ _
rotestants that how- England shall afford a perpetual example of bigotry, which must a large estate to such illegitimate children as he might have by a 46.55 5786 5620 4362 - 1503 644 6635
4tholics, yet the an- be hailed by her enemies as an omen of weakness, and regarded woman named Sarah Davis. At the time of his death, there
by her friends as a blot upon her fame. IRISH.
were now around him were four illegitimate children living, two of them were born prior
RESOLVED.--That we most sincerely and most cordially /Tra-
m the liberties of Eng- to the testator's making his will, and the others subsequent there- 131mlfaesntek
pathize with our fellow-sufferers in Ireland, under this new and
's liberty) is but on to ; the principal. question in the case liras, whether the two child- slip> - - - 940 - - - -
t
tolies are deprived of grievous affliction ; we consider the religious persecution now ren born after the execution of the will could take under it.
carrying on in that country, as wholly attributable to the influ- The VICE-CHANCELLOR was of opinion, that a bequest to ille- Antvls.e°rrN.
He would make one
ence of a penal Code, which makes it the paramount interest of gitimate children was not valid, unless they were born at the Dunkirk
620
mong their opponents~ - - 395 - - - -
and wished to over-- - - 20 - 973 .- -
firmly persuaded, that if the passions were calmed, and the inte- In consequence of some informalities in the record, the cause LeghornMatta
16
rd that this assertion
rests of every class were amalgamated by equal laws, the present was ordered to be put in the paper for Wednesday. Ostend
200
ut he would tell their
lamentable discord would cease, and persons of every religious de- Rotterdam
- - - -
he Catholics to obtain Total
nomination would be linked together in the bonds of peace and --- -- - --- ---- _es_
LENT ASSIZES-(RECEIVED THIS DAY). . 4655 5786 5620 7821 - .2492 644 6635
radation.-(Hear.)-
oodwill. Let those who doubt this pition look for the proof AGGREGATE QUANTITY OF OTHER KINDS OF PULSE.
ere told it would be by
gof it, to the various states... of Europe, in which. Catholics and Prof
NORTHERN CIRCUIT-LANCASTER, MARCH 17. Tares, 460-Linseed, 0-Rapeseed, 7-Brank, 24-Mustard, 8--
the passing of tliis !di!.
testants are confounded in a community of interests by an equality Hemp, 65-Seeds, 0. .
TRUEMAN V. HOLLINGSHED AND OTHERS. - -
CATITLIVTFT T 1 MAT27(PT

SMITHFIELD MARKET.

This day's supply of each kind of fat stock was limited—Beef sold
heavily at about 2d. per stone beneath, Mutton briskly at as much be-
yond, Friday's quotations, from which Veal and Pork experienced little
if any variation; Lambs, till to-day, have been too few in number to
merit notice. About 1200 of the beasts came from Norfolk and Suffolk,
principally the former ; about 200 from the western districts ; about 100
from Sussex; as many up the great North Road, and most of the re.
mainder from Kent, Surrey, and the neighbourhood of London.

. . _
PRICES PER STONE OF SLBS. TO SINK THE OFFALS.
• s. d. to s. d. s. d. to s. J.
Inferior Beasts 3 4 3 8 South Down Wethers .4 10 5 2
Second quality ditto 3 8 4 0 Large coarse Calves.... 4 6 5 2
Prime large Oxen 4 6 410 Prime small ditto . 5 6 510
Prime Scots, &c 4lO 5 2 Large Hogs 4 4 4 8
Inferior Sheep 3 S 4 0 Small Porkers 5 0 5 4
Second quality ditto.— 4 0 4 4 Suckling Calves...l2s. to 365. each.
Coarse-woolled ditto... 4 6 410 Quarter old Pigs ..10s. to 16s. each.

SUPPLY, AS PER C
I Sheep and Lamb
16,820

,ERK'S STATEMENT.
I Calves. Pigs.
142 135

NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS.
At per stone, by the Carcass.
s. d. to s. d. s. d. to s. d.
Beef ..
Mutton 3 0 4 2 Pork 3 S 5 4

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

RACES T,
Anson Hunt March 20

......,.. -
Doncaster Hunt
Caiston
Croxton Park
Mostyn Hunt April 2
344
Malton 5
Pytchely Hunt 6
Exton Park
Leeds Spring l6
Newmarket Craven l6
Clifton anti Bristol li
Catterick Bridge lB
Middleham 23
Newmarket First Spring 3O
Chester May 7
Newmarket Sec. Spring l4
Kelso Spring l5
York Spring 2l
Epsom 29
South Shields June 4
Manchester 6
Ascot

'0 COME.

Buxton June 20
Cheltenham 26
Haigh Park 27
Newcastle-upon-Tyne July 2
Newmarket 9
Stamford lB
Kendal 3l
York August Aug. 7
Wolverhampton l4
Stockton
Burton-upon-Trent 2l
Warwick Sept. 4
Lichfield
Abingdon l2
Doncaster l7
Shrewsbury is
Tewkesbury 2Q
Lincoln 26
Newmarket First October Oct. 1
Ditto Second Ditto l5
Ditto Houghton 29

THE RING.—FIGHTS TO COME.
April 10.—Marten and Gybletts.
April 10.—Murphy and M'Carthy.
April 24.—Whiteheaded Bob and Jem Burns
April 24.—Riedie and Ike Dodd.

HUNTING APPOINTMENTS for the ENSUING WEEK.
His Majesty's Stag Hounds will meet on Wednesday, at Thorpe;
and on Friday, at Stoke Green—each day at half-past ten o'clock.
Sir John Cope's Hounds, to-morrow, at Bucklebury House ; on
Thursday, at De la Bere ; and on Saturday, at Beech-hill--each
day at half-past ten o'clock.
H. Jolliffe, Esq.'s Fox Hounds, Wednesday, at Brockhana ; and
on Saturday, at Chaldon Church—at eleven each day.
The Surrey Fox Hounds, Thursday, at Godstone ; and on Sa-
turday, at Linipsfield—at half-past ten each day.
The Harriers, Wednesday, and Saturday, at the Kennel—at
rooNn:larFHbiouirdNoauTyg.,-121's 3 i
slu
rloaßnna. dsis,botytn ,o
Sutton's Hounds, Wednesday,
uonilds, Saturday,t2ol-mst,orait.2o ngerby
tNevnoLuoeot
idarca;dl: day.
20, at
Wragby ; on Thursday, 22, at Wellingore ; and on Saturday, 24,
at Blankney.
Sir G. Sitwell's Fox Hounds, to-morrow, at Scartliff Park ;
and on Friday, at Brightside-bridge.

GRAND PIGEON MATCH.

We understand that Lord Kennedy's shooting match takes
place immediately after the York races. The Match is one thou-
sand birds for one thousand guineas, It is said, that his Lord-
ship has four thousand guineas privately depending on the watch.

•
Yesterday morning, at about six o'clock, the neigh-
bourhood of Guildford-street, Blackfriars-road, was thrown into
great alarm and confusion in consequence of a fire breaking out in
some premises belonging to Mr. Evans, cooper, of the above street,
which unfortunately proved fatal to the lives of two individuals
named Edward Kenney and John Doyle, two Irishmen who lodged
in the premises. It appears that Mr. Evans some time since pur-
chased several mean hovels, situate at the back part of Guildford-
street, which he let out to the lower order of Irish, and Kenney
was the occupant of the lower part of one of the houses, where he
nightly slept. On Saturday, it being St. Patrick's Day, he ac-
companied Doyle, who was his intimate friend, to the Horse and
Groom public-house, in Gravel-lane, for the purpose of celebrating
the anniversary of their Saint, and remained carousing together
until three o'clock yesterday morning, when they were completely
intoxicated, and Doyle, who could not get in at his own lodgings,
was invited by Kenney to take part of his bed : this he accepted,
and they proceeded together to the place, but were -so overcome
by the effects of the liquor they had drank, that they, after pro-
curing a light, fell asleep upon two chairs in the apartment. The
place was covered with shavings, with which Kenney was in the habit
of lighting his fire; and while they were buried in sleep, a spark
from the candle flew upon them, and set them on fire, which caused
the accident. Great anxiety was felt during the conflagration for
the safety of the two unfortunate individuals whose imprudence
caused the accident to happen; and-on the fire being put out, on
entering the apartment, they were beheld in the most frightful
state : they were seated on their chairs, and on laying hold of parts
of their body, they crumbled to pieces : not a single feature of
their countenances was discoverable. Kenney was aged 52, and
Doyle, 56. Their remains were deposited yesterday morning in
a workhouse shell, and carried to the watchhouse in Guildford-
street, where they are now lying for the Coroner's Inquest. A
Mrs. Sweeney, one of the lodgers, who first discovered the fire,
declares that she was awoke out of her sleep by her deceased
father, who came to her bed-side, told her to snake her escape,
that Kenney was burning. She instantly awoke her husband.—
Though laughed at, she persists in her story.
