LONDON, TUESDAY EVENING, JULY 20, 1830.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOME OF LORDS-r(LAST:NIGHT.)

The Dukes of CUMBERLAND and MARLBORQUaII
and Lord ARUNDEL took the oaths.
The Earl of ELDON presented a petition frpm
the county of Pembroke, against the Welsh Judi-
cature Bill. •

The Duke of WELLINGTON moved that the
case of. Sir Jonah Barrington be taken into con-
sideration to-marrow.—Ordered.

• Earl GROSVENOR rose for the purpose of.ad-
vetting to an important subject, which he was sorry
to say had not been touched upon in the present
Session—namely, the abolition of slavery. He had
hoped, that after five years bad elapsed since the
subject was pressed on their Lordships' notice, more
would have been done than he found was the case.
Instructions of a very important nature, it was true,
had been sent out, but he was sorry to say had not
been' acted, upon. Indeed he thought very little
could be effected towards the attainment of the,,,,
abolition of slavery, unless some measure for the
emancipation of children born of slaves was agreed
to and enforced. He therefore gave notice of his
intention at an early period next Session to propose,
first, that all children born of slaves be free, and
next that slavery should be abolished altogether
after a Certain period. There was another subject,
respecting which be was sorry no measure had been
submitted to their Lordships—he meant the reforma-
tion of the game laws.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, that as the
Noble Lord -had given notice of his intention to
move 'next session, that all the children born of
slaves be free, he hoped the Noble Lord would at
the same time be prepared with some measure to
provide for those children ; for the expense to the
country of taking care of them would be extremely
great. The Noble Duke also stated that the colonial
governments had proceeded to carry into execution
all the measures which Parliament had directed, and
he asked the Noble Lord whether, under these cir-
cumstances, it would not be worth while to allow
those colonies which were governed by legislative
councils to see the effect of what had been done by
those colonies governed by.his Majesty in council.
Lord CALTHORPE did not think that all that
Parliathent required hid been done, particularly with
respect to one point—the reception ofslave testimony.
The Duke of WELLINGTON, Earl BATHURST,
and Lord CALTHORPE said a few words, whiCh were
inaudible.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE said, that the reason he

had riot submitted any motion to their Lordships on
the subject of the Game Laws was, because
had been introduced in the other House, with the
enactments of which he entirely agreed. He had
waited for that Bill coming up to their Lordships,
but he understood that it had been overlaid by other
business, and had never "got so far us a Committee.
Earl BATHURST laid on the table a report
from the East India Committee. -

and Grampound, hi whieh Parliament had gone
farther than they were called upon in this. instance
to go. PI endeavouring to show their Lordships
that it was proper that this Bill should be read n
second time, he laboured under considerable disad-
vantage in this respect. Two Learned,Counsel had
been employed against the Bill, and °se of them
had been allowed to sum up and Comment* the
evidence at considerable length, while the Learned
Counsel who appeared. in support of the Bill had
been prevented by the forms of their Lordships'
House. But he considered it as manifest from the
whole of the evidence" that the Majority of this
borough had been corrupt :it former elections, and
that the majority continued to ;be, corrupt to this
day. The Corporation ought to be bound by the
acts of the majority, and, therefore; although there
might be a minority which was not corrupt, still,
considering the description of the majority, he
thoug4t that there was ample ground for passing
this Bill. I.J.port a review of all the circumstances
*.of the:proceeding, the only conclusion to which he
could paisagx.xillaer..,aq, that the ease had been
completely made out. With respect to the sub-
sequent disposal of the franchise, be would DOI'
enter into that at the present moment, as a Noble
Friend of his had a separate motion upon it ; but
would confine himself to moving, that the. Bill
under their consideration be read a second time.

Lord DURHAM observed, that as he had been
one of only a few Noble Lords who had regularly
attended the examination of witnesses on this Bill,
their Lordships would, perhaps, allow him to
trouble them fur a short time on the subject. The
conclusion to which an attentive examination of the
evidence had brought him, was very. different from
that to which it had brought the Noble Marquis.
Their Lordships were now called upon judicially to
pronounce on a Bill, the object of which was to
deprive a great portion of their fellow-subjects of
one of the most important of their civil rights. In
cowling to their evidence they must be strictly
guided by the rules of law and of evidence. In
order to establish the justice of the. proposed mea-
sure, it would be necessary to prove that the great
majority of the electors of the. borough of 'East
Retford were corrupt. But what kind of proof
ought to be adduced? If loose conversation in
taverns, public-houses, and stage-coaches, were to
be considered evidence, it would be another affair.
But the question for their Lordship!' to decide had
no reference to what might have passed among eer.
tain persons over their ale or porter.. They had to
consider whether it had been actually proved by
legal evidenee at their bar, that the great majority of
the electors of East Retford had corruptly received
money for their votes. The principle by which they
Were to be governed was, whether a majority of
the voters had been proved ,to be corrupt, That
was the. principle which had been justly laid
down hist year in the Penrytt case, by the Noble
and Learned' Lord on the. Woolsack. ft &mit 'be
recollected that, the right of choosing Members of
Parliament was not an individual right; it was the
right of a corporate body. (In support of this po-
sition, the Noble. Lord read a passaage from Lord
Halt). That being the case, the Elective'Fran.
chise could be forfeited only by the misconduct, not
of individuals, but of the. Corporation. It would in
deed, be exceedingly unjust to punish a large body
of men for the crime of a few members of that body.
Were that not to be the principle of action, a ma-
jority would always be, at the mercy of a minerity_
proved in. the present case that:
East Retford were
Now,bctliorierbreurnpyatjhoh;rdai
dtini
been
ietife)heneetlipcLrelectors
prayed
place,
a
of East
maintained that no
It 'was true that it
had been stated that packets containing money had,
after several of the. elections, been left at the houses
of some of the voters; but. there was no' evidence to
'show that:they knew whence those, packets came,or
for what purpose they were ietistidesl. It was only
however, to the elections of 1812, 1818, and 1820,
that even this imputation applied. -The 'Noble Lord
here entered into an analysis of the evidence as it
respected individuals, to show that, on the average
of 218 'voters only 97 had been proVed, and that
Merely by their own admissitm, to have received
money; and that of those only 2.1 could be said to
have been habitually corrupt. No corruption what,
ever had been shown during the last ten years ; so
' that, if any. existed before that time,' the presump-
' tion was that it had stopped. On a reference to
the cases of Crisklade, Shoreham, Aylesbury, and
Orampound, it would be found that in those in-
stances a majority of the voters had been corrupt;
whereas, in this case of East Retford, only a small
minority were presumed to be so. He would now
come to the meaning of the word bribery. He
denied that in any one instance of the present case
bribery had been proved. What was bribery ? The
Bribery Act showed that money paid to a voter
after an election, without any previous contract, was
not bribery. All that could be alleged, therefore,
was that there had been corruption, And what was
the amount of that corruption? In some instances
twenty, in other forty pounds. Was it not a -hi-
qtient occurrence after an election for a county or a
borough, that the successful candidate, if a Mini-
sterial Member, obtained places ;in the Excise, 'or
Customs, or Commissions, or Livings, for those by
whom he had been supported in the contest ? Was
that corruption ?,Again, if a MeMber of that or of the
other House of Parliameot obtained the patronage of
Ministers in retariefor his vote, was that corruption ?
But what a distinction between the individual, Peer
or Commoner, who received three or four thousand a
year for ids support, end this voter at a borough 'with
received twenty or forty pounds I Was the latter to
be considered us corrupt and- disgraced, and the
former to be proclaimed, in the language of Scrip-
ture, as a man ,l 4 whom the King delighted , to ho-
esnuuttpuris?L. their
dLte)eteti expended
county le
LordshipscriitSideere tolswhat
iii, suchs
wasmnense
Durhum and Yorkshire. Was that corruption ?
Was it not in consequence of the. apprehension of
an expenditure that there were at present only
two candidates for the representation of Yorkshire ?.
With the exception ofsWestminster, there was no
place in the kingdom in,' which a candidate could
hope to be successful without having a heavy purse.
Ita voter were corrupt. who leceived money after
an election, what was to be said of a man who sold
4 whole borough ? The market price now he un-
derstood to be 7,0004 for a seat for the whole Pat'.
Insolent, taking all chances ; or 1,8001. a year RS
long 49 the seat, was retained. Who were the cot-
rept persons in such cases as that? Peers, .Com.
meows', clergymen. If their Lordships would give
him such 4 bill of indemnity, its that which hail
extracted the evidence in the East Retford case,
he would prove what he had asserted by wit-
nesses at the bar. Adverting to the mode in
which the evidence' on the East Retford case bud
been extracted, it appeared to him to be most un-
just, by the
,eXereise of inquisitorial authority,
to bring persons to the bar of that House to dis-
grace. themselves, and to break every tie of honour,
confidence, and gratitude It was to monstrous tits
justice, never equalled but by the proceedings of the
Star Chamber or the Inquisition As to sole"'
reformation, he had a decided, predilection ro
but his partiality for reform could not l,ittud'l'tnt t"
the feet, that while these unfortunetespeile",
been brought to the bar, thers,,,sirdrotely, ss OISE
0 ,
Were permitted' escape with junky. HV IV OUld
read a second time that day six months.
therefore move, 'as sawamendmetrt, amendment, -that the be
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that be

should feel that he was guilty of a neglect of duty if
he failed to state the grounds on which he intended
to vote for the secondreadingathe Bill. He did pot
purpOse to travel through the whole of the evidence
which had been heard at the bar, but he would take
leave to state its principal points, and to,explain its
bearing on the que.tion which their Lordships had
to determine. The noble and Learned Lord then
entered into a review of the whole of the-evidence
with respect to the bribery at the elections of 1812,
of 181.6, and of 1820, and contentred that, sad all
these periods a great majority of the voters were
proved to have received 20 guineas from Mr. Evans
and a similar sum from Mr. Crompton. In the case
of Penryn a majority bad not been proved te. be
guilty of bribery. He believed, indeed, not more
than fourteen persons were proved to have sold
their votes, and, therefore, he bad on that ground
resisted the Bill for disfranchising the borough, and
it was ultimately thrown out by their Lordship% In
the present (rase, however, out of. 120 voters which,
with the 24 out.voters, made the whole number of
the burgesses of Lust Itetfort, 96 were fully proved
at the her of that House to have sold their votes.

The Noble baron (Durham) had contended; that
no bribery was proved since 1822, and that at
the election of 182 G nothing of the kind took
place; but the reason of that was, that the Member
were petitioned against for treating, and their return
was declared void. Although, therefore, the money
was promised, it was on this account not paid; but
the bribery took place, notwithstanding, in the
same manner as before. The Noble and Learned
Loid,concluded by declaring that the evidence had
left no doubt on' his mind of the acts alleged in the
Bill, and acting as jurors he .thought that all their
LordshipS who Gould bring themselves to the same
conclusion were bound to vote for the Bill.
The Earl of ELDON stH it was new to him to
hear from a judicial mouth that because bribery had
taken place in one year, they were bound to suppose
it to have taken place in another. What WRllthe case
tried by a House of Commons' Committee ? Not
whether bribery took place in one year or, in an-
other, but 'whether it took place at the last election;
and yet in this case, because bribery might have
taken place in 1822 or 1820, they were called on

to AMMO, without proof, that it also took place
1826. • He contended that-this would overthrow all
the doctrines of Lord Mansfield and the great men
of former times, and that the Disfranchisement Bills
Which he had always resisted would eventually be
earned to a most mischievous excess, if they were to
be supported through such a principle, and on such
evidence at this. He had always opposed them ;he
must continue to do so, and he should therefore vote
against the Bill.
Lord WYNFORD said he was satisfied that
bribery had taken place in 1822, and that money
was premised, if not paid,- its 1826.: The attempt
to conimit a misdemeanour had alWays been, in his
Opinioe, as much a crime as the commission of the
misdemeanour itself; and there could be no ques-
tion that the attempt was made in 1826, although
circumstances did not allow it to be :fully
carried into effect. Ho would not go over-
the evidence, but he would state that, from- 1796
to-the last election, bribery had existed and cor-
rupt practices had been proved. Enough had beets
proved to them, that at no period between 1706 stud
the last election had any one election been cone
ducted without bribery. Mr. Evans, on his exami•
nation, showed that bribery was practised, whets he
was returned. The Learned Lord also referred to
the fact of u great number of halves of bank notes
having been sent down at different times to East
Retford. No question was asked the candidates as
to their principles ; the only., question asked was, -
could they deposit a sufficient sum and when that
was answered in the affirmative the candidate wits
the fittest man in the world. The Noble and
Learned Lord went at considerable length into the
evidence, to show that there had been bribery and
corruption et every period, particularly at the elec-
tion of Mr. Evans. The same Was the case in 1826,
when the only question asked Mt, Ogilvy was,could
he deposit 3,600/. ? That gentleman was quite
shocked at the question, and would have nothing to
do with such corrupt men. At that period, how-
ever, the agents,employed told 'the electors that it
shuuld be us usual,- which was understood to mean
by all parties, that each elector should have twenty,
guineas for his vote, lie contended that the,preamble
of the Bill had been proved, and that, es corrupt
practices had ; existed, there could be no doubt,
unless some remedy were apPlied, similar practices
, would continue in fissure. The only Way, in hip
opinion, to make the eleetors pttre was tor introduce
new electors into the. posseSsion of the franchise.
He hid formed his opinion from the evidence given
before their Lordships, and that was the conclusion
he had come to. He thought this was just, because
t 1 representative, though elected by is particular`
body, was, in feet, a representative of the whole
empire, the interests of which he was bound to
,consult, not exclusively thoSe of the town he repre-
senteq. The .present Bill did not- punish those
corrupt electors as severely as the electors were
punished;in the Shoreham case. The present Bill
cwoaosli7ilto go
not, in opinion, so much a punishment as it
t
means fie
of securing a pure representation of a rlia•
silent. To obtain that he thought their Lordships
‘po tar. At sing on -the principle fid-
lowed in this Bill, would, he thought, be the best.
means
.Uf reforming the Parlimnenr, stud ho should
vote in its favour.

Earl GRBY agreed with the Noble and 'Learned
Lord, that their Lordships. could not go too failit-1
their endeavours" to secure for the country 'a pure
representation ,•_but he (lid trot agree with the Noble
and Learned Lord that the best mode of accom-
plishing it was by Bills like the prrient, which,'. by
agl
,Illy"rstio. :bitillee.tfigtete:tenli'lre they
Lordship,
doing away, with particular-corrupt itoroughsi aimed
.to reform the representations, The power of pro-
ceeding with such boroughs depended on the oppor-
tunity offered by particular individuals of bringing
such case* before ntrliament. When ho knew that
.
the great majority of the boroughs in the kingdom
were liable to similar allegations of corruption, %vas
he to wait before he proceeded against them till it
suited some individual to bring them under their
Lordships' notice ? That was not the principle on
which he would advocate Parliamentary Reform;
and he objected to Bills of that nature, as tending
to check that general reform which was necessary.
i)irnoleulsltt slotenflePP4ratrileiittinl'itrente.'"ThpeffacelouPtt '"j'
gene-
ral corruption was not doubtful; and if their Lord-
ships were to proceed in other cases as in tkiii Hut
would undertake to prove it. lie did not in all
Cases object, to Ilills of Indemnity to seenre a will-
ing witness against tile consequences of his evi-
dence; but in this case there had been a departure
from the. principle or justices and of the common
ilti,eod,
et ox
attankbeiel4pwet?:
Engii,i, taw,
.by passing a. Bill of Indmeitgniiiitityb,eicouointi
gat:ifoirad:rEassaktmlsi:delttiirino:Ll:tettotridsMosltneti
piiistob.utterosilb,,oittrest
ptm i.
i,g,;(ttlitioleie,.o.l,,iiritoisiecritttliilateit.(l,,,ariiiittiote.tvitst.,fslio,csroroo.rf.ri4fiuisg,ro,o2ll,tleteicii,h;:ti:isse,":htiathrhineeseti
iiivibt:wovi:ollitoire:oruit
gwo tom such a Bill of Indemnity, and allow hirato
more than half the
Last Retford, because the purify
when they were affecting to urif h thatl mome"t'
took twenty
ewxfol:nlidnenevt leireira
y t u mrough of
Peers and other pers lt—l:Idi:11u-ivs:;,e;ttvilirk:e kingdom,etntdriaflrttiihin
eas were receiving 1,200 or

lotion to correct abuses oit'greneral evidence. If iha

latter were the ease, why ode& East Realm! ?

Why not go to the general principles of the repro.
sentations of the people and correct nbuses? If
,their Lordships were settling a judicial question—if
they wer:‘ trying a case of delinquency, with » view

o inGict punishment--it tuts necessary that the de-
ihqueney should be (idly proved at the Bar, and
:hey would take tare that the criminal act was fully

and completely made out to their .'satisfaction before:
they pro.nonticed sentence against, it. The. Noble
and Learned Lord (Lord Wynford)aasentetl, he oh-
served, to this. Their' I.nrdships were, thercfore.
settling a jadicial questibit; and 'if the guilt . were
not prnved, their Lordships .would not be jit-tified
in passing. the Bill. ft was , said that the francliiw
Was not t'. taken away; but he wa's sure that the
Nohh. , Lui (1., in his late capacity, woul,l
Fury to give, damages to the ~non
wh, a deprived of the exercise of the right
of franchise. Before the Bill became u law, their-

fore, the preamble ought to be fay made: out. In
his opinion it was not justified by the evidence. In
the eise. of Shoreham, bribery had been extensively

. .
.proved, and it was Atthe last'electioth In the ease
of Cricklade, the majority .of the electors, it wit,
proved, had. taken bribes,. penalties had been re-
covered in a Court of Law, and these oiren.,es Not
taken place at the last election. In the case of Ay, les..
bury, 300:voters out of 4.50 were
.proved to have
been guilty of bribery and corrupt practices, at the
lest election. There was a much stronger rase than
the present ; but it was opposed in the House of
Commons by very high
,authority by Sir William
Grant and. Mr. Fox, anti by several othergentle-
men, who were high legal authorities. He did not
mean to quote more than one of them, Mr. Set-
jeent Beet objected to the Bill on the groend tha
it was 'partial, and that as, much as was charged
against the borough of 4yieshury,ntight be proved
Optima every borough in the:kingdom. In that case
however, the great majority of the elector, bad bee.,
guilty .of bribery, and adhering to the Nehle Lord'"
(Wynford) former opinion, and taught by the sent
ments he had then uttered, he should oppose the
present: Bill. The. next case was. that of

•
pound, in which fifty out of sixty voters were proved
to hive been guilty of bribery. In all these caw
the kriberY was distinctly proved, and it had taki n
place at the clection.immediately before the Bill was
passed. In the 'present ease these two pciinta were
both wanting--the bribery had not been distinctly
proved, and none whatever-had been traced out in
the last election, He was surprised at the doctrine.
which' had been held on this point by his Noble and
Learned Friend on the Woolsack and the Nohlo
and Learned Lord, who 'inferred bribety at the lust

election frorii the preceding conduct of the electors,
eking out evidence by presumptions the most tot.
warranted.; and he was the more surprised at thou
two Noble and r Learned Lords, as they,imuq know
that such a proceeding was contrary, to the practice
of Westminster and if there.fulluwed, woulit
shake all the property of. the kingdom. ,Such
trines us he had that 'night heard from those two
Learned Lords, appeared to hiM to be monstrou.

and dangerous to till the rights of every man in the
kingdom. They ioble Earl concluded by swill,:
that'the present Bill was, ached been stated by th'.
Noble Duke, a Bill of Pains .and
,Penalties--4
Bill charging delinquency, and hu was sure that
their Lordship would require that delinquent;
to be distinctly , and completely proved, %villa,
in !his opinion, it was not. The crime ler
which punishment was to be inflicted, mush
be fully made out before they would carry that
Bill into effect. Ife 'hoped. that it would not be read
a second time - as he objected to the principle of the
Bill ; but if it Were, he should think it would 1,,•
better to give the franchise to some manufacturbu
town than to the Miighbouring hundred. There
was, however, no proof of bribery, and he though,
their Lordships could not conscientiously carry thu
13111 into effect. -

Lord %V YNFORD explaitted, that he had pre,
viol* stated to-their Lorthihips that he had voted
against the Aylesbury Bill, and that he had. sine 4
'6111401 his opinion, because he regarded that vow,
and the 'subsequent case of Grampound, as este-
Wishing precedents for. the Legislature which it
ought to follow.
The Duke of WELLINGTON. said, that he la-
melted very much that the Bill had been brought
into Parliament : it was not his att, but being there,
it was his duty to consider Whet should ho done with
it. He admitted that it was a Bill of Pains and
Penalties. charged leupcontiened and notorious
corruption to the electors of East Belford in electing
represeutatives to serve in Perliament, and it enacted.
a penalty as a misquotes of the Act stated in t2oo
preamble. Before the. House voted against the ho.
rough, it ought. to' be convinced that the preamble
lisd been proved. He had attended to the evidence
.is much as hie other avocations would allow, and he
must say that, in his opinion, the preamble hud been
proved. Hawould not follow the Noble and Learned
Lord on ,the Woolsack, or, the other Noble and ,
Learned Lord who had spoken, through all the evi,
deuce; lie would' content; himself with referring to
the proceeding of Mr. Thornton and the evidence
of Mr. Evans to .proine .that, bribery was oetemOu,
in every election since 1790—in the elections is
1802, 1800 1812, and 1818, in his opinion Ini.
hery had been pro vett Thegette red corruption charged
iii the pret:,oble of thillak haul been proved, utter
if the el was not proved _eertainly their Lordshq,s
would inflict Tuogptunaltment," There was no islohlt
Lord who attended ,to ,the. evidence but must have
Seen that, in.every_tsive where the candidate lodged
'the money :usually paid at elections, he succeeded,
but that 'in -every .casts, where he failed to do so
ho lust hisi•eleetiOn.—:Thefe was evidence before
them that time soccesaftdalandidate always lode!
the:money, and that no case it returned into his
pocket, but uniformly went Witt the pockets of the
electors. It was Contended on the other side, that
the prookhr question ::did not come down to the
last Session ; that might be perfectly true—it might
he perfectly trim that there was no proof of money
having been ut the, last election; but in point
of: fact, slid any man doubt tliat the same tranvial.
Lions were their ping un as at all previous elections
—that money was .lodged for the same purposes,'
and expended with the same. views ? tt Wits no.
tOrions OW no Votvti could be obtained until the
electors were assured that the money would be given.
questiou was one
s .of policy mid expediency, ati
s of right. ThO iionse had to consider
whether ar. not they woUld, in this case, pursue
or deviate from the course which they pursued on
cell similar; occasions. It was to be remembered that •
shey thsfranch4ed no 9ne. by the present Bill; they
merely, let in the votes of the adjoining hundred. lie
concluded by saying t hat lie thought the preamble of
the Bill fully proved, and that it should therefore
have his support.
AftOr a few words from the Marquis of SAW-
BURY in reply, the LORD CHANCELLOR and Earl
GREY, mutually explained, as did the Earl of EL...
DON. The Howie then divided for the second rein:- •
ing of the Bill--
Fur the amendment
That it he real this day six months..." 7 .
Ljrrity.

ler.ohrettl3l)ll(7lll,ll.ltti_k;eNfil rte-:ll:lBetchTidutttiemottm, of their
Lot clt•ltipt to the Admittitit t' Bill of«
ion o up leo
tterviog that it wittijui tilfit Hight, .nit
it witti ptopo.,eil, llr underitooti, to fix the third retpi.
tA-morrow• it wait AO full or itrtorv, tliot 140
Uhler JWltieo tOtifitrit 41treetsury to introducto *ova-

~~:,~:

r
rat stiterations—be hopedAtustsome time would be
given for consideration.
After some conversation, it turned out that the
question on the Report had 'not been put, and it was
accordingly ordered to be reported to-morrow.
The House then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—(LAST NIGHT.)
At Four o'clock only thirty-three Members hay-
lug assembled, the SPEAKER. declared the House
Adjourned to to-morrow.

GENERAL ELECTION.

ReenterG.—Our old a'sil highly reepeeted Mete
bete Mr. C. V. Palmer, and the two candidates for
the vacant seat of Mr. Monck, have been very ar-
rive all the week in canvassing the electors. Mr.
Palmer, accompanied by Henry Marsh and John
Prettejohn, Burs. ; Dr. Lus4tington, by Mr. Monch
and two or three other gentlemen ; and Mr.
Russell, by his brother, Henry Russell, Esq., of
Swellowfield-place, B. Simonds, Esq., &c. Al
parties express the most anxious wishes for the sue
cess of 'Mr. Palmer. There was a very numerou
and highly respectable meeting of the electors a
the Crown bowling-green, ,on Tuesday evening,
which was attended by Mr. Palmer, Mr. Monck,
and Dr. Lushington. Mr. H. Marsh introduced the
Doctor to the company. Mr. Monck also addressed
the electors, and was followed by Dr. Lushington,
who entered at some length into his political opi.
/done and the exertions he had made in behalf of
civil and religious liberty all over the world.—Reati-
i ng Mercury.
On Saturday evening James false, Esq., M.P.
for St. Ives, arrived there with his lady, in their
tritvell.ng carriage with four horses, from London.
11e. has since been actively employed in canvassing
the electors. The Earl of Darlington has written
his agent to request all his tenants will support Mr.
liaise, who having just completed the purchase of
41 majority of skates fn the St. Ives Consols Mine,
has thereby secured at least 30 votes, Under these
circumstances his friends consider his re-election tig
being secured. Mr. Long Wellesley is now ac-
knowledged to be the purchaser of the property of
the late Sir C. Hawkins in the borough; his friends
who are attually engaged in canvassing, say they
are sure of carrying both seats.. Mr. Morrison, the
sich London draper, is Mr. Wellesley's second man,
and is expected immedintelyse-all is bustle and ex-
pectation—glorious timely for the electors I—West
Briton.
The borough of Peuryn continues to be agitated
by the canvass, &c. of the rival candidates for the
honour of representing the worthy and indepen-
dent' electors in the next Parliament. Doubtless
various inquiries are made respecting these honour-
able gentlemen, but we have not heard that any
one has been asked what are his political principles
—the worthy electors are very liberal in this respect.
—West Briton.
Lord James Townshend, one of the present Mem-
bers for Heiden, and Sir S. J. Nebel!, Bart., a
new candidate, arrived at Helston on Wednesday
evening, in order to pay their respects to the electors.
The Marquis of Carmarthen rattles from the repro-
Imitation of the borough.---feat Briton.
About :30 persons met at the Corn Exchange
Tavern, Mark-lane, on Saturday, pursuant to ad-
journment, for the purpose of nominating fit and
proper persons to represent the city of London in
Parliament. A gentleman named Warren was
called to the chair, but there being two one to pro.
pose any new candidate, the chair was vacated
almost as 1110011 as it was taken. Mr. Hunt, who
Was amongst the number present, seemed anxious
that the meeting should proceed to the business
for which it had been called, but the sense of the
Meeting being for an adjournment sine die, the
worthy liveryman was obliged to succumb to that
feeling. Mr. Hunt, however, declared that sooner
than no opposition should take place in the city, be
would himself propose a candidate on the day of
• elections The meeting then separated.
William Astell, Esq., chairman of the East India
Company, is soliciting to be re-elected for the bo-
reugh of Bridgewater.
James W. Mackenzie, Esq., is again canvassing
the county of ROM
G. M. Irvine, Esq., has addressed a letter from
Paris to the freeholders of the county of Fermanagh,
calling upon them for their support, as it is his firm
determination to stand the contest in opposition to
the present candidates.
Oeorge Dashwood, Esq., end J. Vane,Esq, have
eamounced their intention of contesting the repre-
'citation for the county of Oxford.
J. 1% Lockhart, its his canvass of the city of
Oxford, has been very successful.
Montague William Graham, Eq., a new canal.
date, has offered himself for the county of Dttm
bream
Lord Althorp and W. R. Cartwright, El., have
!solicited the honour of being again returned for the
county of Northampton.
W. L. Maberly, has signified his intention
a retiring from the borough of Northampton. C.
Hill, Este, has been solicited in a most flattering
manner to become a candidate for the vacancy, but
that gentleman stated, in answer, that were he to
suffer himself to be put in nomination, it must be
upon the clear understanding that he hall come in
upon upright anti independent principles, and free of
all expense.
C. Russell, Esq. a new aspirant for Parliamentary
honours, and O. Spence, Esq., a late Member of
the Lower House, are canvassing for the represents
Lion of the borough of Reading.
(We have authority to state that the above paragraph,
appearing in the Times of this day, its totally without
foundation as far as it respects Mr. Spence, the present
Member far Ripon.)
It has been proposed to the electors of Yorkshire
to return Mr. Brougham, free of expense, for that
large county.
TAUNT0N......1111. 11. Labouchere publishes an
address, in which he states that he has a great
.majority of promises. Mr. Bainbridge and Mr.
Peachy have also both announced their intention to
steed the contest to the last.
WMAN.—AII quiet, of course.
WKLIA.—The number o candidates for the repre-
sentation of the city of Wells for the ensuing Perlin.
ment is swelling fast, and the contest is expected to
be the sharpest ever known. In addition to Sir C.
Taylor, John E. Vaughan, and 'John Lee Isee,
Esqrs., we have now to add, ---- Illakemore, Esq.,
High Sheriff of Herefordshire, Montague Gore, Esq.
(a Boman Catholic), and Mr. Scarlett, son of the
Attorney-General, who are all busily engaged in
canvassing.
Geeseeee.—The opinion which we expressed
respecting Mr. Fielay's success, is confirmed by the
present state of the votes. `There are 32 in the
whole. Of these, 16 will support Mr. Finlay. Of
the other half three have not declared themselves;
but though they vote for Mr. Campbell, Mr. Finlay 's
- election will be secure. If the votes are equal (the
cheitman having only one vote), no delegate will he
chosen by Glasgow ; and Rutherglen and
Ijurn-
Union will carry dm election.—GThreow Citron.
That the general feeling of the country is tie.
posed to the aptilittito Ministry it would be übstnel
to deny. Not one of them dare openly solicit the
suffrages of min who possess a shadow of inde-
pendence. • Sir 'Robert Teel, after ascertaining Chet e
was no longer the sturdiest climate of his being ague'
elected for Oeferd, le compelled to seek from the
voters of hit own borough the trust which he fie-
metly held from the most enlightened constituency
in the; kingdom 1--Itirincitester Cornier.
Aglionby, in spite of all • former pledges and
professions, is at length rejected by is t, re .
lends axed
masters" of the Blue cause, and Mr. P. 11. Ilr~wurtl
(a Roman Catholic) selected in his mead. Sir NV,
eott retires for a season—how loag a one we pte
tend not to know. The field, therefore, roulette
clear for a illtree—Carliste Patriot.
Sir John Lowther and Sir James Graham have

both addressed the freeholders of Cumberland, and
their return is beyond all doubt.
In Westmoreland all is yet quiet; we hear of no
symptoms whatever of another contest.
In Yorkshire there bus yet been one candidate
declared himself, Mr. Martyn Stapyltor4 who Is said
to be a radical of the first water. A private letter
received this meriting From a weNnformed quarter
in that tounty communicates the folloWing
" The Yorkshire Whigs, friends of Lord Milton,
are now getting up u requisition to 'Lord Morpeth
to stand for the county, and I know be is willing to
obey it. Stapylton has put out an address this
morning, pledging his honour that he will go to
a poll, if needful. He hits no eltance. You already
know that Mr. tethel (an excellent Tory) is to be
called upon, and there is no doubt he will stand.
The fourth man is not easy to find—l mean one of
the right sort ; but the West lthlieg will bring one
out before the day of election arrives.",,,Clutiee

Patriot.
Niels] has purchased the pro.
petty of Mr. Maitland in this borough, and desiree to
introduce Mr. Pussy as his colleague.. Th't holes
pendent electors opcMOS tills; and are endeavouring
to secure the return of Mr. H. Pownall. As their
party eueceeded at the last election in returning Mr.
Gye triumphantly, it is highly probable that they
will carry their present candidate, who in a man of
high respectability and liberal principles.
CaNstimittlltV.-,—A most sumptuous banquet took
plod° tin Olaturday evening last, at the Spread Eagle
Gracechurch.street' to which the freemett of
Canterbury, resident its Lotidtin, were invited to
meet Lord Fordwich, the popular candidate for that
city. Its Lordship received the most flattering
promises of support from the freemen in the arduous
contest in which he is engaged. Lord Fordwith is
supported by the Liberal, or Bine party.
KENT,-."The Canterbury freemen, resident in
London and elsewhere, seem on the alert ; and if
we may judge from their speeches, fully awake to the
importance of the occasion. We are glad to find
that the precedent established by Mr. Lushington is
not thought, hi every case, worthy of imitation. A
military candidate, it will be seen from one of our
London reports, pledges himself, that if he should
be ordered On foreign service, he will, before he
leaves England, resign into the hands of his consti-
tuents the trust which he now invites them to re-
pose in him. Admiral Sir Philip Durham, and Mr.
Holmes, the whipper-in its he is called, offer them
selves for Queenborough. We can hardly expect
that Mr. Holcomb will continue his ridiculous at-
tempts to hoax the Dover electors into choosing
him.--Kant and Essex Mercury.
Essux.—Mr. Western and Mr. Wellesley will, it
is we think, past all question, be the representatives
of Essex in the next Parliament. The course of
Mr. Wellesley's canvass has been most triumphant.
Mr. Harvey, we find, is not less fortunate. Third
men are spoken of, both for the county and bo-
rough, but they do not appear.—Kent and Essex
Mercury.
IVIIESTEIL—Lord James Townshend and Sir
S. J. Peelle% Bart., a new candidate, have paid
their respects to the electors. The Marquis of Car-
marthen retires.
LANCASTERo—TIIO present Members have offered
again ; and, as nothing is heard of Mr, Nowell, who
was at one time expected to declare himself, it is
presumed that there will be no contest.—/Ifonches•
ter Mercury.
LtvtatrooL.—General Gascoyne has at length
issued his address to the freemen of Liverpool. and
rests his pretensions upon the length of time he has
supported their interests, and upon his public con-
duct generally.
Normattam.—Lord Renal% and Mr. Birch
have declared their intention of retiring from the
representation of the town of Nottingham, and Mr.
Lowdham, at the solicitation of his friends, intends
to offer himself to the notice of the freemen at the
ensuing election, on the moderate liberal principles
of the present Government.
NORTHUMBERLAND.—Mr. M. Bell commenced
his canvass on Friday. There is no draibt that Mr.
Beaumont and Mr. Bell will poll till the last, how-
ever strong the contest may be. Mr. Litltlell has
elitism-iced his intention of commencing his canvass
on Friday next.—Tyne Mercury.
NEWCAST.—Sir M. W. Ridley, Bart., has
LE
commenced his canvass. A committee has been
formed for the purpose of promoting the election of
Mr. Beaumont for the county.
Oreorty.—J. IT. Langston, Esq., has addressed
the electors of this city, and expresses a hope that
they will believe he has acted with an honest desire
to support the best interests of his country. J. I.
Lockhart, Esq., seems secure of his re-election.
PattsToN.---Attempts have been made, both by
the Tories and the Radicals, to get up candidates in
opposition to the present members, but hitherto
without success. Mr. Cobbett makes no show of
redeeming his pledge of again contesting the bo-
rough ; and as we presume no secret-service-money
will be forthcoming on the present occasion, the
Tories arc likely to hick a candidate. The only can-
didate* at present are the lion. E. Stanley and John
Wood, Eeq.—Afonehester Mercury.
flymg.—lt is supposed that an effort will be
made to try in all the Cinque Ports the question
decided in favour of the resident freemen in the case
of Rye. Ilythe has already been addressed by W.
Fraser and Fitzroy Kelly, &qrs. on this principle,
and, so far us the feelings of the people of the port
are concerned, with the greatest success. The for-
mer gentleman gave it grand dinner, at the White
Hart Inn, in Ilythe, to the Committee for emanci-
pating the town, as they term it, at which he pre-
sided, supported by Capt. Hart and Dr. Mackecknie,
two of the most influential gentlemen of the borough:
it passed off with much harmony and conviviality,
with the usual quantity of speeches, songs, &c.
The inn where they dined was surrounded, in the
evening, by a large concourse of the lower orders
of Ilythe and its neighbourhood, who displayed a
very noisy zeal in the cause. After regaling them-
selves, however, with rather plentiful libations of
ale, they diTersed without committing any disorder.
It is supposed in Ilythe that, the sitting Members.
S. Msrjoribanks and J. Loch, Esqrs., will not stat
the hazard of a competition but retire without a
contest.

IRELAND.

(most A CORRINV(NMENT or VIZ Tomes.)
COUNTY 01, OURLlN.—Colonele White and
Talbot, the present Members, Lord Brabazon, the
son of the Earl Of Meryl), and Mr. Ilamilton, are the
new candirhoes. Lord lirabazon and Colonel White,
it is supposed, will be returned.
CITY 01., DUBLIN.—The present members, Mr.
Moore and Mr. IL Grattan, have addressed the
electors of this city. Mr. Shaw, the Recorder, a
son of Sir Robert, has also proffered his services.
Alderman James and Alderman M'Kenny have
been urged by their respective friends to come
forward ; as have Mr. Doherty, the Solicitor-Ge-
neral, and Mr. C. Williams, the principal of the
Shannon Navigation Company, and chief director
of the steam-vessels that ply between Dublin and
Liverpool. They talked of Mr. O'Connell also,
but this gentleman will not interfere, it is thought,
with the interests of Mr. llenry Grattan. Of the
eight candidates, I do not think that four will come
to the hustings; and we apprehend here that the
Corporation will carry in their two men. Mr.
Doherty, I do not think, would have any chance,
even amongst those who applaud his conduct in
Parliament, particularly in the frequent collisions
which occurred between
he himis se
so lf
diansgra d Mr
ous in . O'Conthe
-
nell ; and as to the latter, ci
eyes of the Corporation, that even if he were in-
duced to stand, the contest would be too n
expensive
to be contemplated with any thing like patiece.
The time is not yet come for Dublin to east otT the
!lough of factions politics, and to look to her own
Interests. It is very rapidly coming, however.
tb-etjtstirtevst:ialtsiNTivea`,l;rll:! candidates are, Mr. Cok",
miwourne Port
and t.m.l:r.,;,Nito,ll)o,y,t):lleatiyi. efimtbste,rsetfo.r

jeant. It is said, and t am disposed to believe it,
that Government will not interfere in tbis election.
The majority of the Fellows vote for Mr. North,
while the scholars (a constantly changing body) will
act, at least a majority of them, under the influence
of the Rev. Mr. Boyton and the ei-devant Bruns-
wick Club, and give .their sweet voices to Mr,
froy. There are only aor 70, votersi, so, that a
few *ill turn the s 8 16.1 16. stn rather inclined to an-
ticipate that it will be in favour of Mr. Lefroy.
COUNTY MEATit.—There are four candidates for
this county—Lord Killeen and Sir Marcus Somer-
ville, the sitting Members his friends are pressing
Mr. Napper forivard; a gonletn!to of greet property
in the 'county ; and Mr. John Lawless hits made a
long address to the electors. If Mr Napper does
not present himself, there will be no contest. There
is some talk of Lord Clifton, the son of the Earl of
Darnley; but I believe the rumour is totally with-
oßt foutqlation. As to the assertion that Mr.
O'Connell means to offer himself for this county,
there is as yet no positive proof. Slime of his friends
are certainly tieti_ye in urging hitiato Stand.
COUNTY O 1 WilsTsimiTti.The candidates are
toile and itochfort, the present Members; Mr.
Montague Chapman and Mr. Smyth, who contested
the county at the last election with Mr. Tuite. It
is supposed, by their respective friends, that one of
the sitting candidates will be forced to resign to the
pretensions of Mr. Chapman. Mr. Smyth has no

chance.
COUNTY` Lonirdnii.—there ate three candidates
for this county,—the present Members, Lord
Forbes and Sir George Featherstone, and Mr.
Lefroy, son of Mr. Lefroy, the barrister. It is said,
and I believe truly, that a junction has been formed
between Featherstone and Lefroy to which some
Catholics are parties, against Lord Forbes.
CotWet' CAIILOW.—This county, which has hi-
therto been a family borough between the father and
son-imlaw, Mr. Kavenagh and Colonel Bruen, will
be contested by Mr. Horace Übelifort. The con-
stituency only amounts to 530. It was 1,500, con-
sisting principally of the tenantry of the two former
gentlemen. It is likely, therefore, that the county
will be opened, as of the gross amount of the pre-
sent electors nearly 400 are 50/. and 204 freeholders.
This will be one of the advantages of raising the
elective qualification.
Tower OF CARLOW.—There are two candidates,
—Lord Tullamore, the son of the Earl of Cherie.
mont) the proprietor of the borough, and a Mr.
Francis Bruen. There is little doubt that this town
will be opened. There used to be eleven electors,
who were purchased some thirty years ago for
20,0001. In consequence, however, of a return
made by the Clerk of the Crown for the county of
Carlow, last Session, who described the borough in
language, it must be admitted, more unteehnical
than untrue, as the property of the Earl of Cherie-
ville, the house ordered the return to be amended,
opinions were taken, and it is now considered open.
COUNTY OF NVIDCFORD.—The two present re-
presentatives, Lord Stopford and Mr. Carew, hav-
ing retired, Lord Valentin; the son of Lord Mont-
norris, Mr. Chichester, and Mr. Cadwaller Waddy,
have offered themselves to the electors. The return
of Mr. Chichester is regarded as certain. Mr.
O'Connell was spoken of as a candidate.
TOWN OF WEXFORD.---This town, one of the
closest in the kingdom, is now as open as South-
wark. The candidates for its representation are
Deering, Wigram,_and Harvey.
COUNTY OF KILKENNY.—Mr. Butler Clarke,
brother of Lord Ormonde, has resigned his preten-
sions. Lord Duncannon will, I think, be returned.
Lord Ossory will be opposed, it is said, by the
Hon. Colonel Butler, brother of the Earl of Kil-
kenny. Captain Bryan, a Catholic gentleman of
great fortune, would have uttered himself had he
not been High Sheriff. He is, however, rather
unpopular, and would not have a chance against
Colonel Butler.
CITY OV KILKENNY.—Mr. Doherty withdraws,
It is not yet known what candidate Lord Ormonde,
the patron of the borough, will pat up. There are
two who have already been proposed by their re-.;
spective friends—Mr. Butler, son of the candidate
for the county, a young man of very promising ta-
lents, and Mr. Leader, a barrister of considerable
property in the county f Cork, a gentleman of good
abilities and great knowledge of the county. He is
the popular favourite.
COUNTY OF LOUTII.--Mr. Leslie Foster retires to
the bench as a puisne Baron of the Exchequer. The
candidates are Mr. Alexander Dawson, the present
Member ; Mr. Sheill ; Mr. M'Clintock, brother-
in-law of the Earl of Clancarty ; Mr. Fortescue, a
gentleman of good property in the county, and the
unsuccessful candidate at the last election ; Mr. M.
Bellew, brother of St. Patrick, the representative
of one of the oldest Catholic families in !Maud; Mr.
Fitzgerald, of Fanevalley, also a Catholic ; and Mr.
Anthony Marmion, a radical gentleman. There was
a serious intention of proposing Mr. O'Connell for
this county ; but it is apparently abandoned for the
present. There are seven candidates, therefore, for
the representation of the county of Louth, and per
haps there will be an eighth. There were about 3,000
freeholders lust year. There are now only 700 ; of
these, 470 are 501. and 204 freeholders ; so that it
is difficult to ray who will be returned.
Bonourat oP Ditoonms. —lt is said that Mr.
Wallace, the Member for Yarmouth, will offer him.
self to the electors. He has considerable property
in the town, and contested it before. Mr. Van-
homrigh, the present Member, stands; and a body
of the electors have invited Mr. O'Connell.
BOROUGH OF DUNDALK,—It is said that this
borough will be contested with the nominee of die
Earl of Roden ; but I have not yet learned the
name of the new candidate.
1/0120U011 OP ATIILONIL—This, which was the
property of the Castletnaine family, which was said
to be so frequently in the market, will be contested
by Mr. Ennis, the son of a wealthy Catholic merchant
in Dublin, with Mr.Huncock,the son of thenominee.
I have now gone over all the placers likely to be
contested in the province of Leinster. The King's
and Queen's counties, the counties of Wicklow end
Kildare, are the only places not threatened with a
contest. The present Members for these places will
3ni I be re-elected.

SELECT VESTRIES.

Yesterday, pursuant to public advertisement, a meeting
of the parishioners of Marylebone was held at the Horse
Bazaar, King-atrcet, Portman•square, to consider what
further measures should be adopted for the purpose of
abolishing the Select Vestry System in that parish.
JOBlOll Hume, Esq. was to have taken the. Chair at
one o'clock, but owing to a domestic affliction, he wa.,
prevented from attending. Shortly after that period, there
being above 1,000 persons present, jour( CAst Hon-
notThe, Esq., was called to the Chair.
Mr. I-Wallowa, on taking his seat, stated that he bad
been requested to attend by his Hon. Friend Mr. Hume,
and ales by the Committee, and he must request that none
but parishioners would take any part M the business of
the day.
_
. .

Colonel JONES then read the Report of the Committee
Appointed at the Meeting held on the 27th July, 1829,
It stated that, in conformity to resolutions passed at that
meeting, the Committee had formed Parochial District
Committees, end had established a parochial :eta. The
whole amount of the runt was 22W. 31. Id., and the
expences being conducted with a due regard to economy,
a balance of 175/. was now in hand to meet the ex-
penses Of any future exertions in relieving the parish
from such a vicious AyAM of government.
nsidering
the wealth, power, and influence of the select vestrymen,

the Committee felt reason to-c;gratulate
rishionerm on the spirit Mn!o intrepidity of the industrious
tradesmen, who so liberally contributed to the general
fund. The delegates from various pariartm which a," Sr.
vaned by self-elected and irresponsible Vestrice,
Pancras, St. James's, St. Ahrtin),,..in.the-Fields, St
George's, Bloomsbury, and St.
Giles's, Cripplegate With-
out, had waited on the Committee appointed by this Parish, and this aggregate meeting applied to have
diences of the Duke of Wellington snd Sir Ittooert
to both of whom they stated their grievances. Sir R°6,t*
Peel courteously received them, and promised to give the
subject every consideration, but give no opinion of his
own. The Duke of Wellington promised to receive them
- at his leisure; but froiwths,grest .presmure of business,

03 pu

that leisure mtintl.:nt hair nothtaC ed.—(Laughter.)—The
Colonel argued at some lengil '3/4,0M1 lied that the till,
brought into Parliament by Mr. Ilobhouse would be d
great utility, and required the support of the public.—

(Applause.)
A resolution to the effect that the report be received and
adopted, and also that a Committee be now appointed was
agreed to iinsiiittionillN Among the
,Committee
were Air U. NoiA, Bart.; Massey Esq., 1\1.13.,
Alexander Boswell, Esq., D. Stewart, Esq., Col. Joiit.s;
Major Naylor, Thomas Fielder, J. Acott, Esq., &c. &c.
ALY.X.ANDER lloswxm., Esq. proposed the second Re-
solution, which was pro forma relative to the government
of the balance of the funds, and the appointment of

Tritstees.
Frit.tito, In seconding the resolution,
observed that the Select Vestry et asisttd of 120 men, and
the parishioners of 120,800, so that there was oiie thin fo
every thousand householders; and this 120 men set the
great body of parishioners at defiance. Out of the 120,000
not more than 20,000 consisted of nobility and geatry ;
consequently there were 100,000 of tradesmen and me-
chanics who contributed to the parish rates, and yet they
were not allowed a single vote to approve or disapprove of
ii►d Manner in which the revenue was disposed of. He
Considered these Select Vestrymen the most obstinate and
imbecile set of men upon the face of the earth—(Ap-
plause)—and whose illegal acts were too numerous
to de=
tail. He would advert to one or two—the Easter-offer-
ings, instead of being a religious offering was converted
into a poll.tax. The clergyman denied it was his doing,
and be (Mr. Fielder) was bound to believe what a clergy-
man said.—(Laughter.)—Then there was a rectory-
house; every clergyman was obliged by law, if no house
was provided for him, to borrow money on his living.
There wee a pretty little job in building the now Court-
house at a cost of 10,0001., and it was now found the old
one would have sufficed for every purpose. Every parish
looked up to the proceedings in this, and the fate of this
struggle would decide the fate of all parishes which were
governed by Select and irresponsible Vestrymen, and he
hoped it would not be acid that any Marylebone man
wanted either strength of purse or personal exertion to
defend his just rights.—(Loud applause.)
Colonel Jonts rose to move the next resolution for pe-
titioning Parliament in favour of Mr. Hobliouse's Bill, and
also empowering the Committee to adopt such measures as
may be deemed advisable to effect the abolition of the self-
elected and irresponsible vestry system. It appeared that
the select vestry had become so alarmed, that they had
presented a memorial to the Government, the decency of
which the meeting should judge when they beard it read.
The Gallant Colonel then read the document, which ex-
cited great laughter. It stated that if the Bill brought
into Parliament by Mr. Hobhouse were to pass, the parish
would be subjected;to every species of jobbing—(Laughter)
—that as the Crown had a large estate in the pariah, it
would be deteriorated in value ; and representing other
circumstances that would be thereby created. The Co-
lonel, after beseeching the parishioners to pursue the course
they haul begun, eat down amidst loud cheers.
Mr. Guam; seconded the resolution, which was carried
unanimously,
Mr. lIIINJAMIN Waanxu'moved that this meeting re-
commend the Committee to prepare a loyal address to the
King, praying him not to listen to the base insinuations of
this parish, whose conduct was alike injurious and insulting
to his Mejesty, and to his faithful subjects, the parishioners
of St. Marylebone.
Mr. SAVAGE, of Crawford-street, seconded the reso-
ution.

Mr. Iloswitt, seconded the resolution.
The CHAIRMAN rose amidst bond cheers, and detailed
the progress of the Bill he had brought into Parliament,
and the obstacles he had met with; his success now de-
pended mainly upon the support of the parishioners. He
had answered not less than one thousand letters, and in the
Committee he had examined above one hundred witnesses;
and the greatest opponent he had ever met with was
Charles Ross, Esq., select vestryman, and M.P. The
lion. Chairman, in a humourous speech, commented upon
the conduct of Sir Peter Laurie, Knight of the City of
London, and a finisher of the law, and his description of
that gentleman and Mr. Ross excited great laughter. The
lion. Member, after exhorting, in the most pressing man-
ner, the support of the parishioners, sat down amidst loud
cheering.
Thanks were then voted to the Daily Press, and to the
Chairman for his exertions during the day, and the meet-
ing separated.

GERMAN PAPERS.

COPINIIAOZW, JULY 10.—The Court has gone into

mourning for four weeks, cut account of the death

George IV.
The Sleawip Journal says, that at the earl of lest month
200 brown 'Week* ponies, costing twelve Louis d'ors
each, were embarked at Hem burg, to be sent to Jamaica,

- - .
Barbadoes, and St. Michael's.
STOCKHOLM, .1 LILY 9.—Last Tuesday her Majesty the
Queen went to take up her residence in the Palace at Bap.
Though there is every prowed,of an abundant harvest,
the most recent accounts from the western provinces say
that the prices of cern have risen.
The last letters from Norway inform us, that a Cnm•
mittee of the Sturthing has proposed the sale of the silver

mine of Kongeberp
A motion made in the Storthiog to reduce the expor
duty on timber was rejected.
SMYKNA, JCNE 13. The Courier de S'myrne gives
the following news front Constantinople :—" On the 25th
of May the Ambassadors of England and Russia embarked
on hoard an English frigate for Bruise, On the 20th M.
tie Ribeaupierre gave a grand entertainment at the Palace
of the Legation, in honour of the birthday of the Princess
of Lowicz."
RucHAßawe, JUNE 26.—We learn, from the latest
merchants' letters from Constantinople of the 17th, and
from Adrianople of the 20th inst., that affairs in Albania
daily assume a snore threatening appearance. The
Turkish soldiers show little inclination to take this field,
and gem to fear the Albani ins more than they did the
1 Russians in the late war. The Grand Vizier is said to
have issued the strictest injunctions to the Ages, corn•
mendingto enforce order and military discipline. Yet, in spite of
al
on pain of losing their places, vigorously
the service daily spread, and numbers desert either to their
the
Own homes or to the Albanians. Among the latter, on
a military system, apProaching to the En-
trit'iepe" ryann,triasiaining ground, from which it is conjectured
that foreign officers have undertaken the direction of the
whole. It seems that their attenthin is first directed to
the organisation of the troops, to the fortification of the
strongest points, and to the entrenchments of their camps.
In a word, to defensive measures. The Sultan (say these
accounts) is indefatigable in the organization of the new
troops, and seems as if he would thereby conceal his em-
barrassments. He is sensible of the importance of this
insurrection, and, taught by sad experience how fatal half
measures and Turkish indolence were in the Greek revo-
lution, he appears resolved to do his utmost to put down
this in Albania at its commencement. It is reported that
to meet the present want of ready money, he thinks of
disposing of part of the valuables in She Imperial Treasury,
anti has sent for several Jewish and Greek jewellers for
that purpose.
Girstutoxvo, MAY 25...—We have felt the beneficial
influence of an enlightened Government. Oar town
assumes more and more the appearance of an European
city. The great mosque is to be coaverted into a church
of St. Nicholas, and the Committee, to which purpose
General Kisseleff has assigned a large sum, is now actively
engaged in making straight streets, and in the erection of
la great number of buildings ; and above all, in forming
the harbour as the foundation of the future prosperity of
the inhabitants. In a word, every thing indicates that
this plase, hitherto of so little commercial importance,
will soon attain, under the auspices of a good administra-
tion, the prosperity which its situation seems to promise.
Ibrailnw, too, is rising from its ashes. The plan for re..
building it approved by General Kisselew is punctually
followed. The great mosque in the centre of it is con.
yelled into a church, dedieeted to Sr. Michael, whose
name calls to mind one of the asset glorious events of the
late war, under the command of the Grand Duke Michael.
SAVE Miemtraor.N.—His Highness the Duke has sent
the Privy Counsellor, Von Baumenlock, to London, to
compliment his brother.in.law, King William IV., on his
accession to the throne of Great Britain.
HAMBURG, JULY I 6....-BORSEN-HALLY, Iliste.eavr
Feu R o'crasex.—On the arrival of the English steamer, on
Monday, the demand for WHEAT received a fresh its.
pulse, and higher prices were immediately demanded, and
readily given. Extensive purchases were made for ex.
portation, anti some even by our own consumers. The
latter, however, bought as sparingly as possible, in hopes
of being able, before long, to deal upon more favourable
terms. Some prime parcels were sold, in the early part
of the week, as high as I'7o, but the fine weedier which
we have had during the last two or three days has had the
effect of slightly lowering the price.
Ityz, Bestiary, and OaTc, continue saleable; of the
two last the supply is limited.
With Itarzszen our market continues wholly unsupplied.
Number of Latta imported during the week :—Wheat,

tItICIS OF irrocts Tsl
ISAnk. stock
3 per Cent. lied. *at %'4 3
$ per Cent. Cons. ti!SWA
3,'. per Cent -
Ditts Red. 1110%"%
New 34 per cent....... 101iik
4 per Lent. 1523
Sloe L. Ann.: ll% 11-1
Ditto 31 years
Ditto 30 years
India stock 243% 46
Fitt. Bonds 88.87 pm.

DAT A.'t OHL O'CLOCI
South Sea Stock
Old Anntutlea
New Ditto
Ex. Mills, .g [AIN Li. tl $2 pm.
Ditto lid. St $3 pm.
Ditto ....HO 911. SI $9 pm.
Ditto..
Ditto anti ...... ma. SI $3 pm.
Ditto lid. $1 S3lpm.
lank for Account 41.1.••••
India for Account
Cons. for July 4,1 .......% 4 3%

.•.,
s'
*''4lk .4
Alit

LONDON.
TUESDAY EVENING, JULY 20, MO.

We are glad to find that the inhabitants o
Regent-street and its neighbourhood have shown
themselves sensible of his MAJESTY'S great
kindness in opening the thoroughfare from 'Wa-
terloo-place into St. James's-park. The act
was a truly courteous one, and the spirit that
dictated it, cannot be too warmly appreciated
But, indeed, on every occasion his MAJESTY
has shown himself most willing to consult
the wishes and feelings of his people ; and
already within the last few days has
contrived to gain as much popularity as
any Monarch who ever yet ascended the
English Throne. He is always abroad, always,
it seems, some way or other in close communica-
tion with his subjects, and wherever he goes is
received by them with hearty not to say enthu-
siastic cheers. This morning he attended a Re-
view in the Park, and has now (one o'clock)
just set out for Somerset House, attended solely
by crowds of his people—an English Monarch's
best and safest body guard. What a contrast
does this open, conciliating conduct present
Then to the stately reserve of the last reign
e r Royaltyof watsaorevatelryenctehding more as asnowa madutyt h
that reverence has been converted into love, and
is cherished less from principle than attachment.
GEORGE IV. appealed to the obedience of his
subjects ; WILLIAM IV. throws himself on
their affections. May he long continue to pre-
serve them !

The East Retford Disfranchisement Bill was
read a second time last night in the House of

Lords, and ordered to be committed to-da

Earl GREY opposed it in a spirited speech,
replete with good sense, in the course of which
he observed that it was hypocrisy to be attempt-

ing to punish the miserable men who took twenty
or forty pounds for their vote, when there were
Peers sitting in that House who received not
less than a thousand or twelve hundred pounds
a year for a seat in the other House of Parlia-
ment. The Noble Lord added, that his great
objection to all such Bills was, that " they made
a show of preserving purity of election, while,
in reality, they allowed corruption to stalk
through the laud with unblushing front as no-
torious us the sun at noon-day." This is the
exact truth, and applies with peculiar propriety
to the Bill in question, which is evidently a
mere feint to satisfy public justice, while to
all intents and purposes it strengthens the in-
terests of a powerful and notorious borough-
monger. If East Itetford has been really guilty
of the corruption laid to its charge, let the {ran-
chise be transferred to some wealthy populous
town, whose interests require such franchise.
Let Birmingham, for instance, or Manchester,
or any other great manufacturing place, be the
gainers by the punishment of East Retford.
The disfranchisement would then serve a double
purpose, it would attach clue penalties to the
guilty, while in an equal ratio it would benefit a
deserving community. This, however, the Go-
vernment seem at present afraid to attempt. They
stand in awe of the boroughmongers ; and " what
would Mrs. Grundy say ?" is always upper-
most in their minds, whenever reforms of this
nature are proposed in either House of Parlia-
ment.

A meeting of the parishioners of Marylebone
(Mr. HOBILOUSIS in the Chair) took place yes-
terday, at which meeting Colonel JONES entered
at length into a luminous statement of the ex-
pences entailed upon the parish by the govern-
ment of that irresponsible party, the Select Ves-
trymen. It seems that this Vestry consists 01
120 men, and that the parish contains 120,000,
so that there is actually one man to every thou-
sand householders I Is it not monstrous to
think that there are at present not less than 3
hundred thousand tradesmen and mechanics in
St. Marylebone alone who contribute to the

parish rates, yet who are not allowed a single
-vote to approve or disapprove of the manner in
which the parochial revenues are disposed
er of?
Well might Mr. FIELDER say that he consided
the Select Vestrymen to be the most. obstinate 1a.,.
imbecile set of tyrants on the -face of the earth!
our
every other grinding monopoly, is fast drawing,
to its close. The reign of commercia4 a 5,1411,
as of civil and religious bigotry, is pretty neoll-
at an end. " The cat bath mewed, the deg
hall had his day." Better principles and better
feelings are now fast rising on the ruins of OW
old, and the vast and enlightened body of 0
community can no longer be hoodwinked aa
has been. Tie passing of the Beer Bill. 111 W
been a terrible blow to monopoly, not less $
its effects than the Catholic Questiota Vaie
has been unmanacled by the one, to netiftlol
same extent that religion has been unshackinabl

We have by Express the Gazette de From
dated yesterday, and Paris Papers and letter
Sunday. The contents of the latter are ofeil°
yed
moment. The latest intelligence Tee°
Paris from Algiers is dated the 7th
posit
inlhfre
French Government had receivedtve
Neu
oration that the treasure found et Algierg
pay the expence of the war. It was olden;
that the Regency would be given up
!ritnta
PORTS, on condition that the SULTAN ory
el°
for the suppression of piracy, and chs°g n().
t
Governor every four years at least. Is 01
believed in the high political circles thtibei*
This the°
was any question of a colony. *
• he Its,
general statement of those persons in the
of&O°
of associating with the members of the f
corps, who state that the Ambassadors Off
nisters of the Powers interested are Per•wi,,
satisfied that there exists no on'Ito
art
of the French Government to in;
territory of the Regency in its posses 01•00
Chamber of Deputies was positively to
ni
the 3d of August.
The Marquis de SANTO AMA
the. DOi tel
by Don PEDRO to conduct eorifriStii
aoufsspeitcoeisngofthtletedAifilelrieedneePs
which are to be opened in London del
and Don MIGUEL, was still lingering a!lopir
but without any known reason being, g
the delay. The Portuguese residents 'OO
were much annoyed at geeing this 41LO
remain at Paris, instead of proceedilto by V.
to execute the task imposed upon 1)11/4
Sovereign. The Journal du Conitser
the following • bore BlO
of 'A'
iTgliiters?oavnedrnymetenthtecolinfteinnuaes,
oblvetewrseetft°trh tehfiegligri'l
almost i 1 j
telegraphic despatch was received yesterday 414'40
of Marine. According to that Paper the Bei "gslf
has offered his submission, and acknowledged hilitg 00.
vassal of France. It is hoped that in it farteiL"
of the country will have submitted to the.
ert°
Messager announces also that the cornpl°Y 91,,44
which formed the Dey's body-guard, kat Mict,
into the service of France. All the attire 1?
at Algiers had been preserved in their peso. AP
The Universel says, "it is said that shout 0010/
of francs have been found in the subterranean Isu
Casauba." „011
" The first brigade of the army of reserfet,l,o rat
Toulon and its neighbourhood,hadreceivet OP
app It
bark, and the vessels which were to earrY
had received orders to sail on the 11th, bu
6-11111
the entry of our troops into Algiers e 11.114, tee',
patine of the troops. A telegraphic dee
& lla.„„ThThtlf,,'
Paris to Toilon on the 9th, stopped P' 'lei,
sending the two last brigades of the for.,,,r„i 91;
orders suspended the payment of the iint"''°- Pahl
ne
was to be granted to the troops 154°14--- ;i°
brigades.tk the town."
tut, brc
" Fifteen vessels of war, such Cllekleito 00.
schooners, were at anchor in the pert
French
DAT./
THE FUNDs..--(THI0
o' Cat
CITY. T wEL r- sho
Omsk, JVL'r I.—A report is current 00,
affray has taken place at Sebastopol belsrren..ol°
tants and the garrison of that place. Igaty root,
killed on both sides. Count Woro.nenloglY.i
Otle.sa, is said to have set oat for Fiebs"-..
of a considerable force. et;
The
to retain possession of Algiers, and to teoviv,
l;rioeinnche FLriebnecrahlPpaa7r,sraerceeivuedrob: ith4beeepoil
o;
colony. Whatever may have been tlie
French Ministry on the subject, it is Prl,
find themselves compelled to yield ‘,4 11 i
Liberals if the vanity of the nation shon'udigieell
and the retention of Algiers be made c°l/ 416
remaining in power, against which they sloislo
possible to contend with success. llt,' Prreeel,t
one, and it will require some skill in to'ne
to remove difficulties which they could,
gated when they undertook the rape di°ll.llle,l7
Don Francisco d'Almeids, appoints' b(pert°
Terceira Donna Maria's Minister at the
ries, has just arrived at Paris.
Ttia rif NDS •
Consols opened this morning at site elw-rei
the acennal,
„I,

off yesterday., 98-i to 94 for
isitni
sellers, with
rßletraiisst
innooolttxl Eternkest presentt
tgiloe odab ;foe:At:aria tah:
le:
ril_be;lP
in
worthecn
atorra9Wa4
nowoltisitchrionrigittle doing. To- inollute.ti °lli
geii.itilgaytehneior
arrivalsaccouo accounts.
cypeogsuoels: ::
i of to°
'Account, 931. Ad
Do. for Ac. 03i
Consolsßc
oßrazilianEued
o'e:Otni aa
1 Buenos
lsbt•olii Ayresl
flasß2s,
00,
Qi
t'3l:—L. 11
Lilitifil
Greek, liq
1124, 22} IM:sPen:iteolitch:l:lllli:
pernviso "l
11
Debtors'
Chilian Do. Russian
...
.....OiCK.—C : lOES°III/V:1;
Mn. HATDON, Tit% ARII;Ort
1
Haydon, the historical painter, ell° -tote '
that he w(-'''°asudrits,chyeasrtgeertdlaiyo.l:l2.s,hfisrotntil.l4ll/41
8,9441., and his present debts amollutetli
his former discharge, from a princiPite:;ol',l",
some of his then creditors I sum ', 0';
stated he was doing remarkably er'" r 071;
riously attacked in a Sunday IgeteeePre:,oll
attributed the long train of oti4lbrtufilfili °I,
"sailed him, and which Al9O Vial utiotill
present insolvency ; his best frieou' • 00
their patronage, and even the 1)"10 11);
to him at the time the *Oaf* WI
li
forsook him. For the Picturec74& A/
he received 5001. ; but Plo,oolli
was now with Dr. Dam.o.fril, ll," }rut' ,
a claim upon it for 1531., Wog Le-ticalli Of
misfortunes, Which be again our: it, tliti
butable to the vituperative otoci",,.s toii
his collection of pictures, which /e-ssillt/1
only for 501. In couelusiott, b!,ture, ." (
since January last, p,ainted snY rt. gittti
the harassed state of his mind, r°U4,O pi
"Pence*, disappointments, aud.vgia
with, very often the want of his red'',
.v•
paired his health and hurt ble 01,01,
there was no ground whatever 2,00,
insolvent, discharged biro, vrMcl/
to almost every person in Cour%
