in consequence, receded fron 53i to .521 a ; the
Old Five per Cents. are 99 a money.

SUN.—There has been a great want of animation
in the Funds this afternoon. Consols for the opening
were heavy at 92 ; Exchequer Bilis at 3s. discount ;
and Back Steck at 177!-F.
It is understood, although no official announcement
was made in the Stock Exchange, that at the interview of
the deputation of South Americanbondholders with the,
Venczuelan Commissioner on Saturday afternoon, it was
fully ascertained he had no powers from his governm:ent
to propose fresh terms. The creditors will, therefore,
have full time to chew the cud of bitter reflection, while
a farther reference is made to the Colombian Govern-
ment.

Colombian Bonds closed at 241 ; ALxican at 2qi ;
Spanish Consols at 24i : and Dutch Two-and-Half
per Cents. at 52i.
The Railway snares were steady. The New Great
Western brought 41 discount ; the Birmingham 51
premium ; and the Southampton discount.
Yothing has been heard of the British Queen yet.

ELECTION OF ALDERMAN FOR

CANDLEWICK WARD.

Yesterday afternoon a wardnaote was held at the
office of the City of London Union, for the purpose of
electing an Alderman in the room of Alderman Birch,
resigned. The Lord i\layor in the chair, supported by
Alderman Lamson, Deputy Downes, and several mem-
bers of the Common Council.
After the precept had been read,
_ _

The LORD MAYOR succinctly stated the occasion of
the meeting ; and having passed a warm eulogium on
the merits of the highly-respected and venerable gentle.
man who had resigned the gown, expressed a hope that
the business of the day would be conducted with perfect
unanimity.

ROBERT KIRBY, Esq., late Sheriff of London, pro-
posed Sir George Carroll, Knight, and spectacle-maker.
Of that gentleman's excellent conduct during the period
of his shrievalty, of his great private worth, and his
means and disposition to serve his fellow-citizens effi-
ciently and zealously, he spoke in the highest terns.
HENRY MATTHEW, Esq., seconded the noininatiQn,_
which he said he did most cheerfully, for three reasons :
first, because of the very strong and unanimous opinions
that were expressed in his favour by those who had the
best means of judging ; in the next place, in concurrence
with the requisition presented to Sir George Carroll at
the commencement of the proceedings, signed; as it was,
by a great majority of the resident voters--(Hear)—
and, thirdly, in consequence of the universally ex-
pressed- opinion in his favour, both in and without the
Cosrporation.--(Chcers.)
Mr. ROE begged, before the show of hands were
taken, to put a few questions to Sir George Carroll.
First, whether if he were elected he would vote; upon
such a queStion, for or against the exercise of the Alder-
manic functions for the life pf the holder, or for a
li-
mited'period:?

Sir GEORGE CARROLL said the question was not a
fair one. If elected as Alderman of that Ward he
would enter upon his duties unfettered, especially upon
hypothetical cases.
Mr. ROE would next ask what would he the course
the worthy gentleman would observe on the subject o.
an extension of the municipal franchise?
Sir GEORGE CARROLL replied that he she/11M give
due consideration to the rights and privileges of his
fellow-citizens, and be guided by whatever, evidence
might be adduced.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. ELLIOTT—What does Sir George Carroll think
of the expenditure of the City funds.
Sir GEORGE CARROLL—I am hardly yet mixed up
with the affairs of the Corporation of the City of Lon-
don, and cannot be expected to give a reply on mat-
ters with which I am unacquainted.—(Hear, hear.)
But if any abuse can be pointed out, I will give my
most cordial co-operation to its amendment.—(Cheers.)
Mr. ELLIOTT put other questions of a similar nature,
to which corresponding replies were given ; and then
proceeded to address the meeting at great length on
the corruption of. the Corporation. He admitted
that Sir George Carroll was preferable in every respect
to any other candidate who had been named, or could
have been put in competition with him ; but he depre-
cated in very strong terms the manner in'which his elec-
tion had been brought about as a satire upon the free '
exercise of the franchise.

After a little incidental discussion, the Lord Mayor
put the question, and when the show of hands had been
taken in favour, and none raised in opposition, declared
that the election of the tvardrnote had unanimously fallen
on Sir George Carroll.—(Loud cheers.) His Lordship
added, as the more befitting period, his own warm tes-
timony of the great worth of the newly-elected Alder-
man, and earnestly congratulated him on the occa-
sion.--( Cheers.)
Sir GEORGE CARROLL declared that he received this
honour at the hands of his fellow. citizens with extreme
satisfaction and gratitude.--( Hear.) The very flatter-
ing testimonial he had received from the ward, in the
requisition which had been presented to him, he
should value as an ncir-loom : and do the utmost in
his power to earn the good opinion of those resident
voters who had not honoured him by the addition of
their signatures.—(Loud cheering.) Their rights
and privileges be would strenuously defend, whilst as
a perfectly independent man he would be a party
to no abuse.—(Hear.) For the object of honest re-
form, he would always be at his post ; but he wished
not to be confounded with those who, in seeking to find
fault with existing institutions, meant only to destroy
them.—(Cheers.) If ever his constituents were dissa-
tisfied, he hoped they would give him the hint. He
was a staunch supporter of the Established Church—
(Loud cheers)—but at the same time an advocate for
liberal toleration.— (Cheers.) To the Lord Mayor,
and all who had that day honoured him by their pre-
sence, he offered his heartfelt thanks ; and again assured
those who had elected him of his determination to fulfil
the duties of his office most sedulously and zealously.--
( Hearty cheers.)
Thanks were then voted to the Lord Mayor, and
suitably acknowledged, and the Wardmote broke up.

SIR WILLIAM MOLESWORTH.—We under-
stand that Sir William Molesworth's visit to Leeds
will necessarily be deferred till the early part of the
month of February next.—Leeds Mercury.
MICHAEL ARMSTRONG THE FACTORY BOY.
—The appearance in a collected form of Mrs. .Trol-
lope's truly admirable work, illustrative of the horrors
of white slavery exhibited in our manufacturing districts,
will enable the public to form a due estimate, at one
view, of a production, the interest of which has been
hitherto interrupted by its division into monthly parts.
The story as completed can scarcely fail of directing
the public attention to the evils of a system which,
whether considered on the score of true mercantile
policy, or of enlightened humanity, calls loudly for ame-
lioration. Should the picture, so touchingly portrayed
in these volumes, of the suffering portion of our species,
succeed in awakening the attention of the Legislature,
to the much-needed improvement of the factory laws,
one great object will have been obtained ; and another
instance will be afforded of the influence of literature
exerted in its noblest and kindliest mission—the increase
of social happiness. For her fearless advocacy of the
cause of these depressed and suffering beings, Mrs.
Trollope indeed deserves, as she has already won, the
gratitude of all good and philanthropic minds, and we
earnestly trust that her work will receive all that
cncouragment from the public that it so truly merits.
The report of the intended marriage hoween the
King of Holland and Mlle. d'Oultremont is revived by
the Commerce, which says that persons well-informed
assert positively that it is to take place by proxy, the
Count de Leidekerke, Dutch Minister at the Court of
Rome, being hii Majest3eo representative. Milk.
d'Oultremont is not to have the title of Queen, but is to
receive an apanage suited to her position.—Galiguani.
THE BARBER-SURGEONS' COMPANY.---.On
Saturday, in the Secondaries' Court, several jurymen
were fined Si. for non-attendance, Mr. Secondary James
observing that by their neglect a great 'hardship was in-
flicted on those who did attend. A gentleman named
Smith claimed exemption on the ground that he was a
member of the Barber-Surgeons' Company, and produced
his certificate. The Learned Secondary observed that
Mr. Smith had only got his certificate that morning,
and that he might as well have shown respect to the
Court by attending in the first instance, and saving the
trouble of issuing summonses day after day. He must,
however, be excused, as it was a privilege, although a
very absurd one, granted to his company. Mr. Burchell,
the Under-Sheriff for Middlesex, upon exemption being
claimed on this ground the other day, at the Sheriff's
Office, Red Lion-square, said the Act of Parliament re-
ferred, it was true, to the city of London " and suburbs
thereof ;" but, in his opinion, the " suburbs" therein
meant was the Old Bailey. Red Lion-square was quite
far enough from the city to render the objection invalid.
On Saturday afternoon, about ten minutes past
one o'clock, when the workmen employed felling trees
in Hyde Park returned to their employment, they were
alarmed by the cries of a child, which they found to pro-
ceed from amongst a cluster of trees, about 500 yards
from, and opposite to, Grosvenor-gate. On going there
they discovered, placed against a tree, a fine healthy
female child, apparently about six months old. It was
very decently dressed in short clothes, and was wrapped
in a black and white plaid shawl. It was taken up by
a man named Charles Scarlett, living at 5, Devonshire-
place, Chelsea, by whom it was given to police-con-
stable Rixon, 176 A division, who carried it to
the station-house, in Gardener's-lane, and thence, by
order of the Inspector, to the workhouse of St. George,
Hanover-square, in Mount-stecet.

SUICIDE BY A SOLDIER.--AD inquest was
held at the Freemason's Arms, Deptford, on Friday
night, on the body of John Weir, a private soldier of the
29th Regiment, which caused considerable interest, in
consequence of it having been reported that the de-
coined had committed suicide under the dread of re-
ceiving corporal Punishment. The evidence, however,
of the corporals examined did not establish that conclu-
sion, and the Jury's verdict was " Temporary Derange-
ment.'
