we purchase it ; and to confine the consumer of corn to 1
the produce of his own country is to refuse to ourselves the
benefit of that provision which Providence itself has made
for equalizing to man the variations of season and climate."
It is impossible to describe more happily than these Noble
Lords here describe the disastrous effects of the attempt
then made by the landowners to tax the rest of the
community for their own separate benefit. We are
now reaping the fruits of the monopoly with a venge-
ance. The English manufacturer, as we have again
and again stated, cannot at will raise his prices.
His prices at home are necessarily determined by
the prices he obtains in the foreign market ; and
there he has to compete with rivals who, thanks to
the monopoly of the Corn-laws, purchase food at less than
half the price of food in this country. The consequence
is, that in the case of all goods in which we have not a
great advantage over foreigners in point of skill, the diffi-
culty can only be overcome by tasking the English work-
man beyond his strength. Our reporter was struck with
the wretched appearance of the operatives of Manchester
the other day; but who are the authors of pale and em ..-
ciated looks, which no stranger could behold without
pain ? ." Double work and half wages," observed
Mr. Paulton, "is the direct result of the Coro-laws ;
and neither master nor men—neither a Ten Hours'
Bill nor an Eight Hours' Bill—can eff'ct any im-
provement in the condition of the working classes, until
this infamous, unjust, and tyrannical measure be torn
to tatters by the common sense of the people." Tee
profits of manufacturers are at present low, and masters
have no alternative but to abandon their business, or to
subject the workmen to tasks at which humanity revolt.
The landowners are the real authors of the long hours and
the excessive toil of the workmen. It is true some of
them affect to compassionate the poor creatures immured
S 9 long in factories ; but this is only adding hypocrisy to
injustice. The splendid establishment of the Lord, his
numerous servants decked in fine liveries, his sumptuous
tare, his exquisite wines, are all wrung from the pale-faced
mechanic. If the days of the latter be shortened—if the
close of his life be embittered by diseases caused
by disproportionate exertion—he owes all this to the
landowner. The master manufaetur.T is comnelled to
to exact the amount of labour necessary to enable him to
conduct his operations on terms which will yield bun the
ordinary return on capital. He has no alternative but to
exact this amount of labour, or to withdraw his captal to
other lands. The landowner is the driver of the intst, r-
manufacturer. He it is who imposes the conditions. lie
it is who says to the workman,' You must toil a dispru-
portiouata number of hours—you must exhaust your
health and strength, in order that in addition to the ad-
vantages I enjoy beyond all other landowners in the cir-
cumstance of this being a country which exports manufac-
tures—l may also luxuriate on what I can wring from
you." Surely there- is sense and spirit enough in this
country to put an end to this state of things. The reign
of injustice cannot be for ever.—illo:rning Chronicle.

In recurring to the subject of Corn Laws we feel much
gratification in again directing attention to the admira►j!e
pamphlet which we lately noticed, entitled " Corn Law
Fallacies with their Answers," in which will be found, in
the refutation of " 365" fallacies, a text of discussion for
every day in the year. Still greater gratification do we
feel in announcing the fact that some thousand copies have
been applied for by the in inufacturing districts, where their
distribution cannot fail to strike on the minds of the work-
ing population a conviction of their wrongs commensurate
with the evils inflicted on them by the atrocious operation
of the landlords' monopoly—the Corn-laws. And that the
Labouring or industrious agriculturists participate not in the
benefits thus claimed for what is called the landed interest,
is conclusively proved by the following extracts :
" So in spite of the Corn-laws the agricultural interest has
retrograded, and has been distressed; and if it is not so at
this moment, it is something to have achieved even this. A
strong hint to the agriculturists, as well as the classes who
complain of the Corn-laws, that the Corn-laws are, from be-
ginning to end, a blunder for the advantage of a few. If men
put their own prices on their wares, and cannot prosper after
all, can anything be wanted to prove, that there is some inhe-
rent source of retribution, which makes the injury to others
impolitic as well as cruel?
‘4 What would the farmers say of the fairness to all classes
of a law which taxed home-grown earn for the sake of increas-
ing the sales of the manufacturing interest ; and what would
they think of an interest which declared that nothing but the
maintenance of such a tax could preserve it from destruction ?
Would not they think that, like vermin in a core-stack, the
sooner it was destroyed the better? But the grand argument
with the farmers should be, that they have been retrograding
and distressed themselves.

Who made bread rise to the price it was at before ? If
the dealers in London did not sell the corn that came into
their hands under the shilling duty, it was because they
doubted whether the demand for corn would not be greater;
and it is doubtful yet. Do the farmers sell corn, when they
expect prices will be higher; and is anybody such a dunce as
to say they ought ?" _ _

-
In further exposure of the monstrous injustice of claim-
ing for the landowners, or even for ti.e cultivators of the
soil, exclusive privileges at the expense of the manufac-
turers, it is forcibly remarked—
"lf a manufacturer were to write, The making of huck-
aback is the great art which every Government ought to pro-
tect; every proprietor of machinery to practice; and every
inquirer into nature to improve ;' it would be exactly as true
as the other, though not quite so sentimentzl. The fact is,
we can neither do without corn nor without huckaback; the
reasonable inference from which is, that we should try to have
as much as we can of both. The same of all the other puffs
of agriculture, ancient and modern."

The hypothesis here assumed would, no doubt, excite
the most unmeasured denunciation of landowners, yet the
monopoly of corn is not a whit more justifiable in the ab-
stract, and infinitely more atrocious in its operation, than
would be the monopoly of huckaback. To enumerate,
much more expatiate on, the evils to the manufacturing in-
terests contingent on the operation of the Corn-laws, would
be a task far too extensive for our limits. Suffice it, there-
fore, to say that our manufactures and commerce, to which
all our prosperity is attributable—for it would be folly to
suppose that England could ever become what she is by
her agricultural exertions or capabilities—are gradually un-
dermined by foreign exertions, owing to the incubus laid
upon our domestic labours by this abhorred and atro-
cious monopoly. Our science and industry have hi-
therto enabled us to maintain an unequal contest ;
but even these, oppressed as they are by the starvation
prices of food, are unable to bear us up against the efforts
of other countries, which are all called into action solely by
restrictions thus imposed on the manufacturing industry of
Great Britain. Reserving the further consideration of the
subject, we shall for the present conclude with the following
extract : _ _

" The landowners, then, stand only on the inequality of
their taxation, and give up the rest. And here there is no
doubt the men of Manchester will be as ready to meet them
as before. Let there be a revision of taxation and all other
charges ; and it will be odd if it turns out, that the object
of the landowners in excluding ever)body else from the
making of the laws, was to damage themselves. The manu
facturers are ready to agree to all that is fair ; only let there
be an end of burning the house to roast the landlord's pig.
They have lost the country the amount of the national debt
over and over, sent the labourers into the poor-house, the
merchants into the Gazette, and finally thrown the trade of
the world into the hands of foreigners ; and now they tell
us, they did it all as compensation for the extra taxation they
choose to lay upon themselves.
The sixteen hours of toil, and the infant slavery, if such
things are, are only the direct consequences of the Corn laws.
Nothing else could lay the labouring population under the
temptation of submitting to such evils. The policy of the
landowners is to take advantage of their own wrong, and throw
the results of their own injustice into the faces of the classes
they oppress.
" Lay tax enough on home-grown corn, and see if sonic of
the landlords do not talk of selling up and settling themselves
abroad. The feudal cow-stealers complain they arc to be
utterly sacrificed, to enable the owners to make a prafit to suit
their estimate of the fitness of things.
" The people may or may not know what hurts them. But
as it is certain they know they are hurt, it would be the part of
wise doctors to take down the mischief if they can, without
waiting too _ long for the paticet's opinion of his disease."—
Morning Advertiser.

HoRAcE VERNON.—The fashionable roues of the
day will do well to look about them ; for, if we are not mis-
informed, there has been
" A chiel amang 'cm taking notes,
And faith he'll print them,"
with the laudable and salutary object of showing up in its
true colours the prevalent sy:tem of " victimising" the
wealthy parvenu, which is pursued even by the most high
born and high bred of our young nobility. The tale" Horace
Vernon" is said to expose, in all its hideous forms, this fatal
blot on our national manners ; and its author has, we un-
derstand, laid aside all scruples of false delicacy, and pointed
at the living objects of his unsparing satire in a way that
cannot fail to fix the public eye upon them.
TILE NEW PEERAGE.—Mr. Lodge, the Claren-
cieux, has just presented the public with his beautiful an-
nual edition of his Peerage ; we believe that a more
accurate, useful, and well arranged publicat'on never issued
from the press, and it is with real Pleasure that we confirm
the many high testimonials it has received from the whole
of the contemporary press. Tho editor derives great ad-
vantage not only from his high office in the Herald's Col-
lege, but also from the immense number of communications
received annually, direct from the nobility, who appear de-
sirous, by their co-operation, to render this the most authen-

tic and correct work on the subject extant. It is not
generally known that it contains a mass of family history,
under the head of Collateral Branches of the Peerage,
which could have been collected only by one to whom the
highest sources of information were open. To professional
men, merchants, and others, it must prove a very important
and useful publication.
