A, ell ALLEAGh:

ES SRS C.UltltlE and Co-. Stirgeohs, late in
his Majesty's service, challenge the xvhole wold to
prove a single instance where their medicine an.timethod of
cure have tailed of the desited etE:Ct. The practice of many
years in this particular branch of their 'ptoles4ion, has nut
given rise to one unsuccessful

They continue to dired their studies to the treatment and
cure of venereal complaints, and that derangement -of the st s-
tem, which is the consequence of the perniebus and wasteful
cflect.,,: of a habit long and most unhappily purs'ued by the
youth of .both sexcS. ' In the one it Will be to be the
unfailing source-of barrenness; the other hive its ravage
tally 'developed to them by a distressing state of debility,
which if not timely remedied,• terminates in iinpotentcy,
these are its remote and ultimate cads, -while consumed
tion, los" of mnsculac power; and various tier vous corn plain ts,
usually „chamaerise the e4rlier stages of this solitary vice.--
- Of personstlanguishing un.:er the disorders inekkor to such a
habit, their treatment is sitatple,.and has never-proveninsuc-.
cesstui in the course of a long, I:iborions,,and much extended
Pradice. In the most gbstinate and complicated cascS of ve-
nerealinfeetion, such as obstrutions ikt the urethra, spungy
exerescenres, hard tumors, callous ulcers, eruptions, semi-
nal weakness, glects, as also
ST RI CTURI S,
Whether recent or of long duration, and which have bar-
fled the skill of other Nadi tUiiters, are by their present
preyed • plan of treatment, eifectually and permanently curet!,
Without.,the Patient suffering the excruciating pa it :and
alarming hemorrhage which frequently follows the applica-
tion of. the lunar caustic. In the course of twenty.years
extensive practice in this Metropolis, -numerous cases .of
StriCthres have been and are daily under their care, tne total
eradication of which is etletted by a sate, certain; and expe-
ditious mode of pradice, superioit to any other yet adopted.
,The weakness, relaxation, and debility proceeding from this
complaint vre speedily removed, anti the Patient restored to
sound anti
,vigorous health. !tin where the debility 1135 fin
years existed, a proper perseverance in their restorative re-
medies, after the Stricture has been destroyei, is indispensa-'
his requisite to revive the slumbering sparks or life and to
reanimate the constitution.

Several Noblemen and Gentlemen of the first. respeaa-
bility, have been under the care of Messrs. erre, and Co,
tbr the removal of complaints of the Urethra, Strictules, tee.
anct having ieceiveti a
be'
and permanent Cure, request
that retcrences may be given to them, as satisfaCtory cvi-
t'ences of the decisive superiority of Mes,rs. Currie and Co's.
plan of treatment. Many athvse Gentlemen have had side.
tires from to to 20 years., and- had been utule2 the eare of
Messrs. Home, Heaviside, and other Surgeons of equal
!mice; who 'otte-nipteil the cure by the application of the
Lunar Caustic, without'success.

Messrs. Curcio and Cu. int ay be consulted by either sex
with greatest delica.ey, secrecy,' and honour, at their
house, No. 107. Hatton-garden. _

. _
Patients in the country are requested to state the particu-
lars of their case, age, and general habit of living, &:c. &c.
inclosing a remittance for advice and medicines, when the
name will be given or sent to any part of the kingdom. To
ensure that secrecy so essential to their undertaking, tl, post.'
age nt letters may be added to thiraccount for medicines.
9th lune, Hatton-garden.

, . . •
The Gazette de.: France) of july 28, .contains 'a
long article on the subject of what is called the ,
l
Restoration of Poland, written to excite the Pol 6
'againstßUssia. . . , .
_-
To it is prefiXed, as a 'motto, this patsacefrorn
BOSSUET'S Discourse on Universal History :-2•-•-
‘ The fall of Jerusalem ought to be a lesson t*
all the ivc.)rld ; but God did not leave her without
hope. Isaiali„.who had predicted her destrnetion;
had also_foreseen•her glorious re-establishment,,
and even named (Cyrus) her deliverer." The ari;
. tide beginS as follows :
Poland, long happy and flourishing, ft-overn,
ed by a generous nobility, equally adapted, to war-
and to the employments of civil. life ; Poland,'
from. the valour of her armies, from the fertility'
of her soil, and from Ir>r geographical position,
- had 'become at once the'burse',4 Europe, the
counterpoise of the North, and the barrier of the
South-. So many admirable advantages, and se-
veral ages of glorious existence, must necessari-
ly, as it seemed, preserve her for ever frc.,m, total'
destruction ; but -being the neighbour of ambi-
tious Russia, that -vast:den of barbarians, She%vz.7s
at first secretly undermined, fhtm restrained and
contracted within narrower limits, and final 74
abandoned to herself,. without allies; and without
support. . .
After 20years of oppression and langour, we
' have seen her in our time sunk beneath the weight
of the Russian Colossus; Witiront her fall awaken•;.
ing the -rest ofithe nations ; cr the Kings who
- were the guarantees of her existence appearing to
feel the injury done by the 'Partition to their au=
thority, and the blow given,to their authdrity in
the affairs 9f. Europe. Thus a nation of 14 rail
-
lions of. souls, anti possessing a territory of 38
thousand .square leagues, was on a sudden swal-
lowed up,. without provocation . and without of-
fence. Some generous efforts did'honour to the
expiring ' groans, and' were denominated rebel-
lifms. The annals of the world, the revolution
of empires present. nothing similar; every thing
in this catastrophe was beyond human calculation
and ordinary observation. The historian and the
politician remain confounded; their pens drop
from their hands. ,
" Russia having exterminated Poland, the in,,
termediate power pressed more heaily on the
South of Europe: In fact, :the subversion of the
„equilibrium of Europe followed -close ott the an-
nihilation of Poland. The Russians from that
thne,aspired to universal empire. Their views of
political plundering were turned towards the Ot,
toman Empire, towards Sweden, and towards
Germany,; she began to interfere in all the . .
wars of the Continent, and France felt the con-
sequence of that pusillalimous p6licy which lie
Government had adopted to the detriment of all
Europe. - . •
. . " To deprive Russia of that degree of power
a
nd . wealth which she had unjustly acquired by
the invasion of Poland, td wrest from her nearly
six millions of inhabitants, and more than 23,000
square leagues of territory—will be to restrain her
poWer,- equally colossal and. dangerous, and to
deprive 'her of the means of arriving at that
domination which is the object of her earliest
wishes. ,
The Restoration of Poland,'under the ass-
. .
pees of a creative ' genius and p2l,otecting -nalk
tion, will render her au invincible barrier to En-
rope against 'the invasions of the hordes of the
North." ,:' -

The writer then reminds the Poles of the great
actions of their ancestdrs, who rendered Poland
forniidable both to Russia and the Porte—who
saved Vienna, when besieged by the Turks,—ivho
menaced the whole of Christendom—who made
Constantinople., tremble, succoured Copenhitgen,
and even placed a Czar on the throne of Mosdow.
He thus coneludes

Brave Poles, may you restore Poland to her
ancient splendour ; may you, after having expe-
rienced all the horrors which are the dreadful eon-
. Setvences of anarchy and slavery,. see arise, like
the great nation which protects you, a regular
Monarchy, secure from storms ! may you at length
eujov.the happy fruks produced by ,union, order,
and
The Journal de ‘Paris, of July 29, contains the
following article---
" Whilst events present themselves. in the" north
of Europe with such rapidity, that the attention,
• always satisfied,,is never satiated. Whilst Poland
resembles children under the flags of its august li-
berator, the people of another continent enter on
their side in that great movement which agitates
the whole Vr.)rid, and will fix its destiny. Spanish
America endeavours to take its, rank among inde-
pendent nations ; and the United States, fatigued
with the commercial tyranny of England, draw
from the scabbard Washington's sword, which
once already has humbled British pride. The et.-
forts of the Americans cause a great interest to
those who recollect with what insulting hante,ar
they have been treated by- the English Govern-
ment, who always consider them as rivalled col°.
nies: The probable consequences of this new war
• will:be, to give a mortal blow to that system of
Monopoly which England for two centuries so
obstinately pursued, and which becomes weaker
in proportion as it becoMes more extended, be- -
cause it is contrary to the natural rights and pro-
sperity of other nations.
" On casting one's eyes upon the map of North
.America, it is "immediately perceived that tho
English still hold vast possessions on the Conti-
nent ; the most important parts of which are Ca-
nada and New Scotland—masters of Canada, they
'command the navigation of St. Lawrence's et
from ~I‘,ntreal to Quebec, This river is. Harig4-

L 0 N D 0 N,
7.UE31-1, AUGUST 11, 1312.

Another day bas elapsed without the arrival of
the expected dispatches from Lord WEI-Lir
but we trust that in our next publication
we have an opportunity of relieving the
anx:ety of our Readers upon this subject.

. Accounts have been received fyoui Sweden that
the Expedition from that Kingdom is on the point
of sailing. It is represented as being much more
. ,
formidable than we have been hitherto led,to be -
lieve ; a very considerable Russian force is to
embark with it. The destination of this force
is not known ; the general opinion seems to be
Pomerania, but some persons suppose that it will
be landed considerably higher up thelltic. We
are mostanxions to hearOf its departure, because
a body of 50,000 men acting in the rear of.Buo-,
SAPAIITE, Whether in Pomerania Or in the neigh-
bourhood of Dan4ic, would, in all Probability,
give a decided turn to the campaign, • .

Letters were yesterday received. in town from
Cluebec, which
,state, that tkVo. British ships whiCh
bad been taken by the Americans On Lake On-
tario had been restored to their owners. From
this a.ccou'Ut, and others which have reached this
country, there is reason to believe that some change
has taken place in the disposition of the American
`xectitive. It is stated,%\at the knowledge oLthc
death of Mr.XEacr.var. has produced this change :
we.are inclined to attribute it to other causes: we
believe that the strong expressions of dissatisfac-,
tion which have
,proceeded frtnn the whole mcr-
-cant ile interest of America have led to the change,
if indeed that change shall have taken place. If
'Cie accounts which have been received by way
• of Liverpool arc correct, the conduct ofAmerica to-
•wa.rds. this country has been most singular. • "While
she was at peace' with us, she passed the most
severe laws against qur commerce, and the nior
went she declares war against us, she begins to
rrpcal them L peace she is hostile, and in war
Decific.

We tordi some notice of Major CARiAt'irrMiti.;
speech, addressed to the motley.ltieeting on Wed-
nesdaY last, in Palace-yard ; but the chkf orator
of the day, Sir FRANC:s BUllDETT,:uttered many
things, wiiieh seem to shewthat nbthing
_will cure
him of his political follies. VW Baronet was
evidently mortified that ':"O very indifkrent nil au-
dience attended him, scanty in nuMber, zna of a
very low description.. fie .appeared to feel very
sensibly, that the lower, 'Vve might almost say, the
lowest order of the people arc his chief admireri ;
and he vented tom! bitter 'complaints-against • the
men of property who were absent,--for, speaking.
of the Gentlemen of England, he said, " it really
seemed as jf they took no interest whatever in the
land-411ot they would patiently. •allow their
estates to be • taken ftwoy, under their noses,.

without the least eifjoll." We beg leave to
ask the Worthy B:ironet;. Whether the MeMbers
of the House of Lords and Cermisons May
not, be considered as.' Gentlemen of England,
themselves, and as the representatives of those
Gentlemen who are not in Parliament, 'as _well of
the collective body of the people 'not-these
Persons attend their duty in Parliament, and are
they more likely to have " their estates taken away
under their. noses" than the Baronet and his Party,
who, affect to pbssess all the wisdom and virtue in,
the country, for they avowedly despise. the Talenti,
as they are called, and are not less sparing of at,
tack's on them, than in their abuse of Ministers.
and their 'friends ? Rut he proceeded to say that,
" the Gentlemen.of this country would tamely sit
qt home, and suffer all this to be done without the
smallest expression of complaint, out of fear that
the people of this country might he lei to re-
assert their rights."—Surely the Baronet will
admit that, his Party are to be classed .among
" the Gentlemen of the country,' and' if so,
he cannot deny that they vent their coin-
plaints pretty f-eely, wherever they can get. a mob.
to attend them.. But the Baronet, we.suppose,
is angry, because the men of property do not at-
tend his Meetings, and listen to his harangues.
We hOpe the men of property, or gentlemen, as
the Baronet calls them, will never so fat forget
their rank in the State, for, if they do, they will
,sink into contempt, and' lose all the influence
yliich they might derive from their talents and
possess; ~as. ,Bet what are the rights Which the
Bat ry- s .ys the Gentlemen of this country
are. acr, ;hat the people might •be led to
the right of innovatiou, under
a pr nded reform of Parliament; the right ,
to overturn our good old Constitution, in or-
der to re-mould it upon the model of France,
that we may indeed have a Senate, like that of
the French Usurper, who would, in the natural
course of things, " sit tamely," to use the words
cf Sir FRANCIS, and not only let some military
despot, who might arise among us, pursuing the
model of that Usurp er, take away " under their ,
noses" what property he liked, but dispose of his
unfortunate subjects just as his ambition might re-
quire. The Baronet, it seems, is, not cared of
his partiality foi Annual Elections. It is need-
less 'to dwell upon what. has been so often
shewn, viz. that if Annual Elections were to
take place,. the whole year .might be, employ-.,
ed in the formation of a Parli3nnent and the
business of the State stand still, to say no-
thing of popular tumults 'and the general fer-:
mentation that woold prevail all over the Empire.
Such a scheme is suited to the heated iMag- ination.
of enthusiasts, or the speculations of mere theo-
rists who are, incapable of .reflecting upon the les-
sons of experience, and the dispositions of man-
kind. The Baronet exclaimed vehemently against
Bortugh Traffickers And Oligarchs, but if his system
were to be carried into effect, we should see a race
of more desperate Borough Traffickers, or rather
seethe seats in Parliament occupied by. a herd. a
Reformers; that ,would, soon remove every land-
. mark of the 'Constitution, and prepare the way
for snne single Tyrant, like Buo:stotAßTE, ,who
would trample. 'upon every principle of . public
freedom,. and reduce us to, the sany, degraded
Condition as the peOple of .France ande her
dependent staLes. But. the. Baronet, with a
sitciplieity which could hardly- be e.xpected from
him, says, that if there " were, annual-Elections,
the bulk. of the people would not he looking to
the' making of .fortunes by their Parliamentary
tactics, as at .present." So then, it is not the
mere class of Borough--trqffickers and "Oligarchs .
;*ho emleavonr to get fortunes by.. Parliamentary
tactics, but " the bulk of the people." • We leave
him to reconcile this grosstontradiction, and sub-
mit
to the judgment of all reflecting linen, whe7
Cher the-Baronet's scheme of annual Elections
would not, indeed, open a way for a very great
number, if not " the Whole bulk. of the peo-
ple," to become conversant in Parligmentary
tactics, and to prove Borough Traffickers, it
not more dangerous Oligarchs, in dot time,
than those of whom-the Baronet now so bitterly
complains.—We have much more to say on the
Subject of the Baronet's late speech,, y but we
shall drop it at present, and see' whether any
of the Writers, on his side of the question will
endeavour to vindicate his absurdities" ml 4 re-
concile his inconsistencies..

assert ?
