provement. It is not for me a an humble in•
dividual to eudeaVoUr to overcome prejudices
funfier than by reasoning and a very limited ex-
emple, or to stem the torrent Of interest opposed.
in this cause but if any large landed proprietor,
possessed of influence and spirit, will Meet me in
a likr-,11 manner respecting the use of this flock
I will place it on equitable terms 7, r,o that whilst
a.suitable May arise to each, such
immediate end extensive improvement may be
dialsed by the means of it, as the state of the
country in this case, and at this.moment, se im-
peratively calls. for,
I can truly say that, in offering the foregoing
elzervations, I have adduced no reasoning but
what I firmly believe to he just, nor asserted any
things as facts, but what, as I said in a former
address, I am ready to t=ame to the proof of.
I deeply lament to see the degree of irritation
which 'unhappily exists on the subject, and abOVe
all, the obloquy and ridicule ptzt forth in the
present day against the interests of agriculture.
I know and feel of what vital importance this
branch of it is to some of the best interests of the
nation, and I do not hesitate to say that whoever
suffers his evidence to be biassed by self-interest,
his calm and better judgement to be warped by
prejudice, or his decision in any way influenced
contrary to the conviction of his own mind, is no
friend to his country.

SOS. K. TRIMMER.
Strand on the. Green, Kew ilritige,
August 23, ).82S.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE,

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the. Oazeti*c de France, Aug. 26.)
PARIS, JAAR_4,I letter which we . have re-
ceived ihslll Corfu, dated the 20th of July, confirms
tht precipitate departure of the Asia and the Couple-
rant, with Admirals Codrington tild de Rigny, the
French brig the Altwuni t'wo English cutters, the
Hind and Race-, ()lid the French frigate the Syrene.
All the ships have sailed towards the south to

Narain. This unexpected movement given vise to

various conjectures.

Accounts from Bucharest of the 4th .of August
brig► no news from the Russian army before Chumla
later than the te7th of July. It appears that no gene-
ral attack will be made upon that position till the
corps of General Rothhas joined the army ; for
the Turkish forces assembled at Chumla appear to
be much more considerable than was at first sup-

posed. The Grand Duke Michael was expected at
Bucharest, coming from Silistria.
We have a letter from Trieste of the 13th
,of
August, which says—" No further particulars have
been received here respecting' what has been an-
nounced of tht occupation of Coron and Modon by
the Inglish troops, and it is believed that this report
will not be confirmed."

(From the Moniteur..—Non-official part.)
[PRIVATE CORIUSPONDENCE.]

IVIADMD, A liG. 14.—Recent and official accounts
Lave informed the Minister of Marine, that the Re-
stor•ulion frigate, which convoyed the transports that
had on boards the troops lately embarked on the
coast of Andalusia, and the detachment taken on
board in the Canary Islands, arrived at Porto Rico
on the :30th of June. Its going to that island con-
firms what has been said of the negotiations carry-

ing on between our Government the President
of Hayti. This expedition, the destination of which
was the Havannah, had no need whatever to put into
Porto Rico. There is no dmibt that it is destined

to take possession of the former Spanish part of St.
Domingo. It is even affirmed that General Barrados,
who is at the head of the expedition, and was for-
merly a merchant of Terra Firma, is appointed
Governor-General of it. When Mr. Barrados is
once settled in our ancient territory of St. Domingo,
he will receive from the Havannah and Porto Rico,
by the squadron of Admiral Laborde; all the sup-
port which he wilt require to maintain himself there
and to restore that colony to its ancient splendour.
(From the Journal des Debats.)
" TO THE EDITOR.

" London, Aug. 20

I admired the policy of Prince Metternich, be-
cause I am attached to absolute power, and I find
that constitutional governments are of no use but to
levy taxes..
" I admired the Duke of Wellington, because he
overthrew Napoleon ; because he crushed the spirit
of Jacobinism which infected Europe, and because
I am a staunch Tory.
" The unpardonable faults of these two Ministers
deserve the most severe reproaches, -because they•
have totally destroyed the balance of power in
Etulope, and because it is to their erroneous policy,
alone that we owe the changes which have taken,
and which are about to take place.
" I look upon the restoration of Greece, the de-
struction of the Ottoman empire, and the aggran-
dizement of Russia, as the greatest misfatunes;
yet for these we shall be indebted solely to M. de
Metternich and the Duke of Wellington.
" M. de Metternicb, by his talents, has succeeded

in restoring stability to Princes, from the fall of
Napoleon to the commencement of the Greek insur- •:
rection : he held the reins of the world—every thing
went on well. The unanimity of the Sovereigns •
restrained the ephemeral revolutions of Naples and
Piedmontr-it even destroyed the more serious one .
of Spain, but M. de Metternich had the blindness to
confound the.events in Greece with the other revo-
lutions : he did not :see that it was the effort of a
people oppressed by the barbarity of their masters--
that it was the attempt of men who sought to de-
liver themselvesfrom slavery—of fathers who wished
to prevent the apostacy and prostitution of their
children: he confounded a natural feeling with a
revolutionary spirit, and terrified the magnanimous
heart of Alexander, whom religion and humanity
disposed to assist his unfortunate co-religionists.
Alexander, instead of giving that aid, sacrificed his
own private feelings to the solicitations of M. de
Metternich, and the Greeks were abandoned to the
vengeance of their oppressors, whilst it would have
.been so easy, in making energetic. _representations to
the Porte, to have obtained a little more humanity :
one word would have settled all. Instead of this,
the Porte was encouraged to put down the rebels. In
taking this course it would have been proper openly
to have aided Ttirkey—to follow the same system
which had been adopted towards Naples, and to
haVe sent troopi-against the- Greeks. Their suffer-
ings would not, in 'that case, have been so pro-
tracted, and robbery and piracy - would not have
continued • for so many years to Wye harrassed the
commerce of all nations.—The first error of M. de
_Metternich.
4( The sanguinary contest having been carried on
for so many years, humanity revolted throughout
Europe against the barbarity of the Turks : the re-
eitals of the miseries of the unhappy Greeks touched
the hearts of all ;—Ultras and Liberals alike sent as-
sistance. This general movement in their favour,
which was manifested throughout all classes, and
amongst all parties, should have convinced IV. de
Metternich that the benefactors of the Greeks were
not, animated by any revolutionary views : it was an
indication of the general opinion that Greece should
be saved. A little skilful management might have
prevented, this general feeling from becoming so
powerful—might .have hindered that association of.
individuals at all times so injurious to power. There.
was yet sufficient time ,to save the Greeks—the
slightest energetic movement made in concert with
all the powers would have obtained an amelioration'
of their condition; but so far frOm this, the Porte
Was still encouraged to chastise them.—Error the
second,. and much
,greater than the first:
" The weakness of the Ottoman' Government,
and its want of tact, prevented it from taking ad-
vantage of the abandonment of Greece for the pur-
pose of conquering her. Many individual acts of
barbarity took place ; massacre, pillage, conflagra-
