part in forming ouch a police in the provincial town,. He
hoped, indeed, that every town would form such a police.
—Motion agreed to.

FISHERIES.

Mr. DUNCOMBE presented a petition from the Deep
Sea Fishermen and Fish-curers of the North Riding of
Yorkshire, praying for a continuation of the Bounties on
Fishing. He hoped the President of the Board of Trade
(whom he saw in his place) would be able to state that he
meant to give the industrious class, whose petition he had
presented, the protection and encouragement they prayed for.
Mr. HERRIES said, that after consulting with the
other branches of his Majesty's Government, particularly
that branch of it which regulated the finances, he was pre-
pared to state that it was not the intention of hi., Majesty's
Government again to propose the continuance of the bounty
on the taking and curing fish. It would be his duty shortly
to introduce a Bill to continue for a limited time that part
of the establishment which had for its object the marking,
assorting, and curing the fish.

Sir R. VYVYAN was exceedingly sorry to hear that
such was the determination of his Majesty's aovernment.
Mr. W. SMITH was understood to say that the bounty
of one shilling might be useful, bat not the bounty of four
shillings. The branding and marking was, he believed, a
useful part of the establishment.
Mr. PENDARVIS agreed with his Hon. Colleague in
expressing regret at hearing the determination of his Ma-
jesty's Government.

- ~Ir. DUNCOMBE also expressed his regret at the de—
termination of the Government.

The petition was read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LENNARD inquired of the Right Hen. Gentle-
man opposite, whether the Bill for establishing Courts for
the recovery of Small Debts was again to be brought forward?
Sir ROBERT PEEL was convinced of the utility of
such a measure, and the reason why he bad not again
brought forward a Bill on the subject, was the great diffi-
culty of making compensation to the different persons who
held freehold offices. There was at present a Bill in pro-
gress for compensating all the holders of such offices, and
when that was passed into a law, he should be ready to
bring forward his Bill again, or to support the more ex-
tensive Bill of the Hon. and Learned Member for Knares-
borough.

I Mi. D. W. HARVEY suggested the propriety of
reviving Courts that already existed, which would do
away the necessity of compensation.
Sir R. PEEL objected that the local Court alluded to
by the Hon. Hon. Member had not sufficient jurisdiction.
Mr. C. PALLMER presented a petition from the
Churchwardens of Camberwell against the Beer Licens-
ing Bill.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN presented a petition from
the pariah of St. Luke, praying for the repeal of the
House and Window Tax. That tax if repealed, he be-
lieved, would give much more relief than the repeal of
the taxes proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Mr. BRIGHT supported the petition.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER did not
mean, be said, to argue the question of the assessed taxes
with his Hon. Friend ; he only rose to remark one in-
consistency in his statement. His Hon. Friend impugned
the Composition Act, because it gave relief to the rich ;
but why did not the poor embrace the same opportunity
of compounding ? The way was open to them as well as
the rich, and if they did not compound it was their own
fault. It would be his duty to introduce a Bill, after the
holidays, to continue the Composition Acts.

Mr: MONCK said that the assessed taxes were most
unequal and most unjust.
The petition was read, and ordered to be printed.
_ _

Mr. O'CON.NELL, in the absence of his Hon. Friend
the Member for Aberdeen, presented a petition for him
from Whitechurch, in the county of Cork, praying for a
Reform in Parliament and Vote by Ballot. The peti-
tioners grounded their prayer on their anxiety to send con-
scientiously an honest man to that House.—(A laugh.)—
The Hon. Member also presented a petition from the bur-
gesses and other inhabitants of Nairn, to the same effect.
—Petitions read and laid on the table.

Mr. BRIGIIT presented a petition from the millers and
farmers near Bristol, praying that a higker duty might be
levied on the importation of foreign flour, which was read
and laid on the table.

In answer to a question of Lord Jonx Russmx,
Sir ROBERT PEEL Loped to-morrow to be able to
fix a day, when the further discussion on the Bill for
punishing the crime of forgery, might take place.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from Rochester
and Chatham, praying the immediate abolition of slavery.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from Norwich
complaining of distress, and praying a reduction of taxa-
tion, through the means of a well graduated property tax.
—Ordered to be printed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a petition from the ward
of Castle Baynard, complaining of the present restrictions
on the right of ♦oting in the city of London, and praying
the House to adopt some measure for the extending the
franchise to all freehold,rs.

Alderman WOOD was satisfied that none of the Repre-
sentatives of the city of London would object to an exten-
sion of the number of voters.—The petition was then or-
dered to be printed.
