now, A 1 I O agriculture hadjasteb,oeenr.ealw i• The
tverief a
by the opi.7etion of the new or. ,
with
aut eau,
all , . < •
some means en evfatinre
however, has
?ere suffering. a
Tin.,"
were so
,tonne not been effected
rted '
must be found. Tin., t
o the meal t,: of .•
e,
nestly to apply themselves a
._
_, tb
._
pool'
and social gnu) of the po:11."2.(1,_°" ,
The allusion to the suffering -,
,"I,_ eb _
.7 , 1.,
Cs"•er J 'ad recently
that ;it
wasw i,
him to seeak of the dieturban .tt nett a .
tat.,
place in the north of England. e ,1,:!_. happy thin,„.,th,_
by the fort Trance of the Gov e. . '",:.7 . i;!. e Sympt? :.
distill-Lam-0 had been repressed, ( hest te .'. was 14,4', _
able te rind that the preachearnsd. '
iEt. el,r.t ion had ever
been listened to at all, it} for Ted to, it
seemed that there was lit.tle recur
tel by.re or pee_
the o
perty. Education had been pr_esP c the, 'venerable
PPortunity of
an only Archbishop of that province, a
aa„d .1
means
of
pre-
venting the spread of such opinion. -• •. , he trusted that
Noble and Learned Lord would te. t' 4
bringing forward Some means of follow-A ;_o't his purpoe'C'e
—(Hear bear, and laugl t T.) Another: ti ba( c' of her le..
jesty 's Speech he could not approach wfah out fear. It was •
that of Ireland. The prospects. howc.ei ~ 01 Iretabd, in
his opinion, were considerably alleveeee " It
*se-er-"ed
that every description of people, with witch the 'deli- iidi
been connected, whether Saxone,.Nernearle-, got-6,aglish, Led
been to them a source of uneatinetee ; and thaa 411 the opi-
nions entertained by the people tie-eug amongst thena -e „a
also been sources of uneasiness'.- Eut no goodr wets to be
, ffected by treating harshly people who had dotal .SO Pinch
foe us in tins of war. Another course crust Stsee<doptert
Municipd Referm, in his opinion, woule be tae rineecns cei
conciliatintr the Irish and bettering their ;state, and? i-01,,,„
that measure was happily effected, Ireland would riot 4ttt,zet
such an inordinate share of their Lordships' attentiora, na .
had hitherto been the case. Another part of the Sweell
alluded to the recent disturbances in Canada. It was' a
subject of much regret that national feeling end pr,,,,_
found ignorance had led to the disturbances of w.mehe
they liari such reason to complain, but which, by tho care •
and attention of the Government, had been fortunately sup-
pressed. In every instance the exertions of her Majesty's
troops had been anticipated by the exertions and the loyalty
of the people. He had to congratulate the House that the:a
would have the opportunity of receiving much valuable en_
eirmation from a Noble Lerd—a Member or that Boa sc•. - -- . . ee...e a
For the sake of Canada he trusted that good wenied arise:el --::,:iefee-e•--' -
out of evil, and that the calamities which had aic -I th --eiee:-.:re "-eeee-
country would eventually be the means of sec:rile" ' e'
safer.;. When the'questien was brought before their I .-
ships, he sincerely hoped:it would be discussed without neev
admixture of party or petsonal fecling, but anxiously auk
carefulty, aoci that the example at all times set by a Nobly"
Duke wou:d he strictly folltmed. Ile sincerely corrateNeve,•fee- '
lated tiHr Lordships on the peaceable etele of our WeeT-e•.:1"-17:I" ---
India poss:•esions, of which no greater instance could biil -:
I alluded to :hen the fact of 800,000 human beings assuming
their fro 'clot at one period, without a single case of tumult
or disturbance. These vcare, matters worthy of admiration
—they were worthy of Christianity itself ! He would . not .• .
trepass further on their Lordships' patience at present, but
he thanked their Lordships for their attention, and if he
had saiii anything calculated to disturb the unanimity that;.
prevailed amongst them, he was sorry for it, and he claimed
their indulgence for himself, if he had given utterance to
words offensive to the feelings of any one. .
Lord HARDWICK rose to give a notice which he
thought might perhaps supersede a discussion at the present
moment on ono topic. Ile gave notice that, on Tuesday
next, he should draw the attention of their Lordships to
the state of Canada.—( Hear, hear.)
The Duke of WELLINGTON—My Lords, I rise to
state that I make no objection to the Speech from the
Throne, or the motion for the Address made by the Noble
Earl (Lovelace), in a very able speech—( Hear, hear)._..
and seconded by the Noble Lord ( Vernon), in a speech of
equal ability.—( Hear, hear.) My Lords, various subjects
have been brought under your contemplation. I beg leave
to address myself to the motion made by the Noble Earl
for an Address to the queen, rather than to any other of
those eubjects which have been adverted to by both Noble
Lords in their speeches.—(llear.) My Lords, I think it
is well that the Address submitted to you has nothing to
say to the Corn-laws, to the Poor-laws in England or Ire-
land, to education, to the state of the navy, to the return
of a NuLle Earl from his mission in a distant part of the
world, and to many other topics adverted to by the Noble
Earl, and by the Noble Lord who seconded the Address, .
but which may properly become the subject of discussion in
this [louse hereafter, but which, in my opinion, it would be
injudicious now to ,discuss.—( Hear, hear.) What we
have now to do is with the Speech from the Throne,
and the motion for an Address, and to these I shall address
myself, and endeavour to draw your Lordships' attention..
My Lords, I entirely concur with the Noble Lords,. end
likewhe rrith the Address and the Speech, in congratnlat-
ing your Lordships on the statements which have been
made with regard to the peace between Holland and
Belgium ; and the unanirnees concurrence of the Five
Allied Powers in that treaty.—( Hear, hear.) My Lords,
I hope, however, that it will never be lost sight of in their
country that the original foundation of Belgium as a sepa- <
rate and independent Kingdom, and that the condition ' •
connected with that, as I conceive it to have been agreed -
to by the Noble Earl, the predecessor of the Noble Via.. - • '
count opposite, and which, I repeat, I hope will never' liu -z
lost sight of in this or any other -country.—( Hear.) my; ..
Lords, I allude to the commercial treaties, and the improve- -'
ments which have taken place in our commercial relations,, ~
and other relations. In respect to our commercial relations
with Austria, the Noble Lord is mistaken in sup; .
posing that this commercial treaty contains, in
~ •
the principal part of it, any alteration from '--
the former treaty, excepting one most important conditiotr -
—the free navigation of the Danube. That arrangement -
.•
has been added to the treaty ; and, as I said, it is a most
important arrangement. But, in respect to other subjects; ,r
adverted to by the Noble Lord, there as no alteration. My< : ,e,,,e<
Lords, the next question adverted to in the Speech, tcs - e -e"...e'„.:),::<e.
which the Noble Lords do not appear to have given much ' eeeeeee.- ' fee
attention, though they moved an answer in the Address-salt. eaf....., Ace- --•-•
the state of affairs in the East. My Lords, it is impossible - : : :77`.-----r:[-• --
for me, or for any of your Lordships, so little acquainted. -
as we must necessarily be with the subject, to give any opi- , -
nion upon a question so complicated. I conclude the Bust •
Indian Government will consider it their duty to give thin -
and the other House of Parliament, and the public, all the
information they have upon the subject, to enable .ueito,
judge of this most important matter. I shall advert to
presently, in drawing your attention to' the actuation of the
country as involved in a very extensive systefn of warfare; but '
I will not attempt to Warp or to approve:, "cif transactions..
of which I•can know norhirea
.s.xcepting what is mentioned
in the Speech, and from the 'common sources-of informa-
tion. My Lords, in a former Session of Parlirament I re-
cognised tjm principle of a system of Municipal Corpora-
tions for Ireland, founded upon popular elections ; in the
last Session such a Bill was brought in, and war, sent down
to the other House of Parliament, was there amended, „d
was sent up again to this House, but never passed. my
Lords, I cannot avoid observing circumstances in the stn. .
of Ireland materially affecting this question, but I do not:
consider it just to depart from the principle I then laid
down ; and all I can say upon that subject is that I consider
myself bound to discuss, with a view of perfecting •aiar •
system which the Government might propose for such al '
purpose. I may however observe, to prevent any dispute upon . •
the words "essential to the interests of that part ofir,3, (Lewd_ .
nions," that the word " essential" in the Address with Z.'ega.tti - ' --2
• - '-.'- I-7,
to Municipal Corporations for Ireland must be understood' ' - '•II
as no more than admitting the principle of Municipal. ' .
Corporations for that country. My Lords, upon the other •
two subjects adverted to by the Speech, and upon which - -ea-
measures will be presented to Parliament, I shall be dis-
posed to consider those measures with a view to giving ,
•
every assistance to rendering them as perfect as possible.. - •
I will not pledge myself to principles, and I must say that
the paragraphs in the Address—for instance, " the better
enforcement of the law, and the more speedy administration
of justice"—are so loosely worded, that it is impossible for
mo to know what is intended, or what can be made
them—( Hear, hear, and laughter)—and under these
c.° -
cumstances I cannot be expected to say more than thatari
will give them, when brought forward, every consideration
in my power. My Lords, nobody can rejoice more thatl
do at the termination of the question of West lndia
slavery. Although the motion made by the Noble
noel
er
Learned Lord opposite (Lord Brougham), for accel
the period at which this measure was to be earrie
daling•
execution, was not agreed to by the Imperial Parliament, the
Colonial Legislatures, who were the best judges upon' th
subject, have thought proper to accelerate the period. I,
hope they may be successful. I anxiously look to the re- -
sult of that measure to see whether we have destroyed our
property in those colonies—fur it comes to that—or whether
we shall have placed it upon a fixed and solid basis, by , „,- -
establishing the freedom of labour. My Lords, Incur come ' ' ' --- "
• • ...
to that part of the Speech, to which I listened with the ut- '
most anxiety, and I am happy to find in-that Speech, that
which I thought sufficient on former occasions--a &chilli. ' s*3
• ' '''.
'
tion on the. part of' her Majesty of a firm determination to I •"- . •' - .:
-
maintain her sovereignty in the Canadas.—( Hear, Imo' -
My Lords, I wish that declaration - had been accompanied -
by corresponding efforts to enable her Majesty to carry those
intentions into effect. My Lords, the war in that colony is .
accurately described in the Speech from the Throne, as a-
• ~,i
trifling insurrection in one part of the colony, but accom- -
parried by an invasion and an attack upon the-persons and ~......,ii,...
,_ 1
all parts of ,';'7 .
property of her Majesty's peaceful subjects, along
the
~...,,..,:...0..,_._ .
the frontier bordering upon the United States, by 1.4- ,- - ..-e--;!*-
bitants of those States, for no reason whatever. utlae because her .
~,,,
....,...,,7,,,.,.;
Majesty, and submit to - -
Majesty's subjects are loyal to her
li• la h t is may 0 Con
her laws. Now, my Lords, thong
estion of poli y, ai;
sidcred trifling as a war, yet If 3
a of the peace of those
--
with regard to ;the endangering
and 1 should wish
to see_
countries, it is most important,
s made for enabling her Majest,;-
corresponding preparation
into effect
of her intention to mae
‘ct the declaration
to carry
these Colonies.—( Hear, hi
rain her sovereignty over
My Lords, such a system
of warfare as that to which lalluded, wherever it has
been carried on, whether,
Africa,
some parts of Asia or in A where such warfare
has has always been it war
long customary— .
has been
bnrism against
it civilization; and, my Lords, .
I care
observe, that is those
who are advocates of the
•
and of Universal Suffrage who go by night, with fig
sword,
d to destroy the property of her Majesty's subject
no reason whatever, but because they are loyal to
British Crown.—(Continued cries of " Hear, he,
My Lords, I say that there are no examples of such a
tern of warfare except among the lawless and barl
nations.—( Hear, hear.) (The Noble Duke spoke at ,
periods of his address very indistinctly, and often Nil
his back from the gallery, so that we frequently had K0..1
considerable difficulty in hearing the exact language which
uttered.) My Lords, it is out of the question that her Majee
subjects are to be subjected to these aggressions. I defy
Majesty's Government to do anything to prevent these
sons invading her Majesty's dominions for the purposet 01
plunder, They take these persons prisoners, and punish tlinale,
according to the laws of the country, and notwithstandine
they suffer such punishment, there is scarcely an arri',
from this part of the world which does not bring intern.
'of some fresh outrage. Under these •
fierce
the Government of the United stances ought not State
to take measures for their prevention ? My Lords, let us look
at the invasion of Texas, which took place under eireeme;
stances similar to those which have recently happened iii
Canada, and if some steps were pot taken to wp
Upper eer,
that part of the speech—( Hear, hear)—Upper Cur
would speedily be in pretty much the same state as the ,
vince of Texas. To this I draw the attention
her Majesty's :Government. We can have no ,
thing as a little war, and we must proceei

,

°

submit to
be con-
and -
of those.
isle to se„
r Majesty
to main.
r, bear.)
211 I have
Cr, as is
Ire is and
lr of bar_
in"t hat-
e Ballot
fire and
ects, for
1 to ge
II car.
ell a sys._
-4
iarbarous
at so„le
turned
la no
in-
which lie
IlaJOSty's
defy her
'ese Per-
il-pas, of
tiOltherri•
standing
arrival
intern-
cirettm.
2d States
tus ieok
etreurn.
'ooe(' in
) enforce
Canada
the pro_
ration cf
110 sack
Ceed
