REFLECTIONS

ON ?HL
MICE BETIPEEN amid AND FRANCE.

(Cotolusted from our Paper of Saturday.)

STRENGTHENED by all the evils which he had in-
fliaed upon Austria and Germany, BONAPARTE
found it more convenient to associate Russia in his
plots than to persevere in contending with her ar-
mies. He could not subdue this gallant nation: he
found it a work of far less difficulty to seduce her
Chief. He laid before him the picture of Europe in
its present state, that is, in the state to which his
furies, his perfidies, and his cruelties have reduced
it. He shewed him the rertrtining Potentates of
Europe in the situation into which he had precipi-
tated them, and pointed out the inefficacy of their
means of resistance, and the impotence of their de-
spair. He held 'out to him the political partition of
Europe—in other words, the possibility of enslaving
it, by placing at St. Petersburgh and at Paris the two
ends of the chain with which he propoied to bind it
" Political tranquillity, the fruit of independence
and of a just equilibrium.," said BONAPARTE to the
EMPEROR of RUSSIA, " is no more : let us provide
for Europe the tranquillity of dungeons ; it is the
only peace which suits my charader, the only one
which flatters my heart !"
Thus was renewed at Tilsit the Treaty of the
Triumvirs : not at Tilsit, ho .vever, as heretofore
on the Rhenas, were individuals alone proscribed,
but Empires! Such is the history of the negotiations
at Tilsit, and such the secret. The issue of them
will be the same as those of the Rhenas, if Provi -
deuce permits their develnpement, and ALEXANDER
wilt be the vi&im of BONAPARTE, as LEPIDLTS was
of AUGUSTUS. .

When the Triumvirs disposed of the Universe in
the ISle of the Rhenas, the Universe was in their
power,and England herself in chains. She is not so in
these days; and this is the only obstacle which Bo-
NAPARTE encountered, at Tilsit, in completing his
great work of the general slavery of Europe.'
Against this England, which he can neither inti-
midate nor conquer, it was th,:t•ssary to excite new
enernics ; while he prepared the moan, of occupying
ALexAtinsa at home, if, at any future period, he
should incline to a renewal of his connexiuns with
that Country.

' Article XIII. provides for the first of these ob-
jeas, and Article V. for the second.
Article V. resuscitates the Polish name. Article
V. revives every pretension and invigorates every
hope ; it opens a vent for long smothered resent.
ment,i, for bitter aspirations of vengeance, and
• awakens iii the tilcerat...d ht art all& ing recolle6lions
of injuries lo,lg
It was still necesciry, h .wever, that the seeds of
this most dangerous and wide-spreading coatings-
tion shouli be in the hands of him who lighted up
the brands : and tills is in.,,vided for by confiding
• Warsaw to one of th- Confede,iates of the Rhine,
placed in that quality under the immediate coutroul
.UI BONAPARTE.

By these means BONAPARTE conceives that he has
alienated 11u,si:► trout England, and bound her by
the, strongest ties to the prosecutio❑ of his designs :
assured, as he undoubtedly is, that the recoileaions
has excited in the heart of Poland will
be sutiiexot to rally her natives around his standard
whenever it shall please him to announce her entire
indepencience.

filving thus made sure of, the future by Article
V. !lib next obje& W 3% to render Ruisia all naive
agent in the struggle which he had yet to terminate
with Engiand i and this he has ctiaed by Article
Xll.l.

This Article calls for particular attention, no less
on acCount of what it announces, than of what it
leaves us to divine.

In drawing it up, BONAPARTE had two very essen-
tial ohjeas in view : the first to annihilate the Bri-
tish K-ver ; the second, to induce ittlsisia to concur

in it.

There are two modes of annihilating the British
Power: the first is, to et:m(l4er England, lay her
waste, and destroy or enslave her. inhabitants, in
other words, degrade them, for this would suffice.
The day that sees the English humbled in their own
eyes will be the last of their existence. This me.
thod is infallible; but, happily, it is not easy, and
no one is better convinced of it than BON,IPARTE.

The second mode is not altogether so difficult as
the first ; that is to say, the first is impossible, and
the second is not. it is to elle& by Peace what can-
not be done by war ; it is to relax and enfeeble all
the faculties of England by a perfidiolls Peace, to
flestroy her moans of attack and defence by the
prolongation of this Peace; and, finally, to conduit
her, step by step, to her ruin, in disgracing her by

it, since Providence will not permit her to be over.
come! This is th© secret of BON APARTE with re-
veal to England. lie cannot kill her; he wishes,
therefore, to instil poison into her veins.
He is apprehensive of failing i‘t his attempts to
draw England into a Peace; he roust, theinfore,

deavour to-stir up ettem'esi against her, and separatt.
her frQtn Europe, since she alone is desirous of I re-.
serving it from destru&ion. Article XIII. furnishes
hintlvith the means of elfeaing this objea.
By this Article BONAPARTE accepts the Media-
tion of Russia in bringing about a Peace with Eng-
land. It is evident that an article conceived in these
terms would be absurd in the highest degree, unless
it were preceded or followed by secret articles, and
these articles must necessarily form the basis of the
Peace which the mediating Power is authorized to
propose. Now, who has discussed this basis ? Sure
ly, not the Mediator. It is sufficiently clear, by the
same Treaty, how this Mediator discussed his own
interests ! And no one, we presume, can reasonably
expea that he should exhibit more sagacity and
firmness in discussing those of Great Britain.
It was BONAPARTE, then, who laid the founda.
Lion of it, without difficulty and without discussion : •
he diaated his will to the same person to whom he-
diaated the Treaty of Tilsit !
No farther proof is wanted that this basis must be
ruinous to Great Britain, than that it is the work of
BONAPARTE. Accordingly, he entertains no expeaa-
tions of its being accepted; he is only solicitous that,
it should be offered. If England accepts it, she precipi-
tates herself into the toils which he has spread for her
If she refuses a mediation of this suspicious nature.
or, after accepting it, ultimately rejeas the Peace
which it holds out, Oh, then BONAPARTE has fore-
seen everything ! Russia is associated in his pro.
jeas, and her armies in •the execution of his furies !
then comes the shutting up of the Rassian Ports; •
the junaion of her Fleets, and the assistance of het
Troops in Europe, and, above all, in Asia I
Is there any Minister, we ask, versed in poll.
tical transaaionsi—any man simply ' initiated' in •the
elements .of diplomacy, who would not, by the
power of redeclion Anne, as clearly comprehend
the nature of the secret clauses which precede•ths.
13th Artlele,-asif They were Openly' exposed, to' hit
view ?

This mediation has no objets but War ; it was
only projeaed with the hope of associating Russia
in it :—so impuasible does it appear to BONAPARTS
to seduce the British nation by the shameful alluse•
rnent of a detestable Pence. But every Peace which
leaves:ol'c Continent in the power of BotrArArra it
detestable, because it place.; England under his
mediate controul.

England iy the centre and the soul of the public
credit of the universe : she cannot, therefore, place
under the dependence of another any of the brancinte
of her political existence, without consenting to hot
own destruaion. What, now, would be tae inde-
pendence of England, were BONAPARTE master of
the Continent ? when he Might, by merely threaten-
to le bid her access to it, give an alarming bias
t public opinion, and, haying dimmed her by
Peace, check or enfeeble the atlivity of her hostile
preparations, by menacing the prosperity of her
commerce ? England cannot separate her destiny
from that of Europe : this is the true, the indis-
soluble bond which unites •her to the Continent.
The ocean assures her independence—but her into.
rest binds her to Europe. Inaccessible in the midst
of the element which she triumphantly rules, she
Would be the terror of the Continent, if all her
te.ests did not incessantly lead her back to Europe,
and attach her for ever to its independence. All
her means, all her treasures, all herforces, apper.!
taro, of right, to the safety of Europe; because,
whenever it shall fall under the absolute controul of
•one master, the commercial existence of England
will lie at the mercy of the Tyrant, and her political
existence prove a mere phantom !

If Europe was ignorant of these great truths, 13,9'
NAPARTE was not so : accordingly his excliimati,o,n
.
has ever been, " Carthage must le destroyed !" Yes', "
as the Romans said of old, to complete the subjuga'
tiun or the world, Cartilage mu.e oe destroyed. lint
the Carthage of our clays Is' nut destruaible.
will never be so but through her own folly, when,
like the. Cartilage of other times, she:consents, its
the words of AtosTirsoursu, " to receive peaces
not from the hands of an,eneiny, but a master !"
The Secret Clauses of the Treaty of Tilsit Will 0130
day tie as apparent to all mankind as ;thy are at
present to-every politician : then will be seen to
what excess of madness the mind may be goaded by
ambitinn joined to fury ! Then will be seen thosi
projeas against Asia, of which the.dreadful results
would be to' cover India with games and blood !
projeas which, devoid of sense, betray at once the
extreme of rage and impotence !
Yes, British India may perish; but it must be

by the hands of England alone. Inaccessible to bet
enemies, she is accessible to the errors of the British
Government. ' Such, however, is the excellence of
the British Constitution, that the vices which die
tance and a lapse of agcs have produced, may be
summarily destroyed, and, iu tne course of a single '
dely, vanish for ever !

. .
CWant of roam preventc.l the continuance of this admira-
ble Article yesterday, an 4 the conclusion ol which we hope
to be WA to present to out KOCIVVW.ITIgtroIY.I
