BUENOS AYRES AND CHILI.

t

AUXILIARY Al 1Y OF PERIL

n, ii

la to

Junt
• th(;

rs to

hide

aut.-
ci tit

I Olt

an,i

awstt

heir

1 for

of a

neat

:I'.i'l

ida.

lIICO

ill,"
t

ati-

OW.

Os,

S.--

hat

em-

flier

bes,
ftit-

.ar,9

{l`-

Cett)

ible

e at

ict9

lust

01.
et ?

oril

out

~~~i

tiTl'

Da-

tpc-
-1,43,1
Ho"
oily

• •
HEAD-tzumt TuctrmAx, •I, t 031 STEI TO TIM 31$r
•
After the enemy alialuhined he'city o'f Salta, they Were, as
natural consequence; cuiitpclletj also to evadliate JUjdy. On
the Inb,, a regilgent, with .tiv.Piecesol artillery,. Marched
towards Comedero, bui, repulsed by Commandants Gorriti
and Corte, they were obliged to return to 'Jujuy with some
loss. On the follnWing day they:were again compelled to re-
treat, under corer of the guns of the place, leaving behind
them much baggage and many cattle'. The divisions Which
had taken the upper road, carried 'otrikith them 11 iOadsof
Allied and wounded, but were clos'ely pursav'd by the intrepid
:Major Itopas, without our having stiVfiined any other loss
'than that-of Captain Mariatto Morales', 3 dattetiOs wounded,
and I killed. CArain Juan Joq Goyechea,liy his mieicam--
Pled valour, alSn tompelN.d Orin to ahandon the feW cattle
they had stolen. In cunse(';uetiee of the above, and the resist-
ance they met with froiu Lieut.-Colonel Arias at Tilcara, the
hospital, and many who had left Jujuy, were forced
to return.

On the 22d, the whole army having evacuated the place, it
was immediately taken 'possession of by Commandant Jose
Freo Gorriti, with an order that would have been extolled in
the most disciplined troops, thus proving that these valiant
setdiers only fight for the liberty of the country. To the 26th
the enemy had not retreated more than three leagues and a
surrounded on all sides by the heroes who defend their
riat ice soil, and were compelled to burn their tents, =multi-
timi, muskets, 'and other necessary implements of war, not
having wherewith to: carry then, off, having host their ani.
gals and haggiige, besides niany n►Eli. On the 59th they fol-
lowed up their march to Tumbaya, bufning every thing in
their way, closely pursued Ly Majors }loxes and Saravia, who
being reinforced by the division of the Commandant Quin-
tana, caused them such loss, that the enemy was c.►►mptlled to
halt their army and charge them, upon which our party.
retired with the loss 'of one Officer '1 risoner, and one
wounded. 'twenty-tilvU corporals and soldiers of the enemy
passed over to us, which, together with those who came over
to us on the day previous, makes the number $2, must of
them Spaniards.
Their vanguard has not suffered less, since Lieut.-Col. M.
Eduardo Arias informs us, thet besides their killed and
wounded, he has taken 21 prisoners, with their arms, 80 beasts
of burden, and a number of asses.
FRANCISCO DE LA -CRUZ.
Letter from his Excellency the Supreme Director and Com-
raander-in=Chief of the Southern Forces to his Excellency
the Delegate. '
The enemy are now circumscribed to the Peninsula of Tal-
caluniuo.. The strong fortress of Arauco, the only place they
had besides, 11213 been taken by the intrepid Lieut.-Colonel
Ramon Freyre. and his valiant division, aginnst every obstacle
of nature and art, as you Will see by the report I have the
hunoar to accompany you., God protect, &c.
_ _

13ERNARDO 'O'HIGGINS.

Head-quarters, Conception, 30th May,. 1617.
s4l4,—Being in possession of Fort Colcura, as I informed
your Excellency on the 9611, I accelerated my march ini order
to come up with the enemy.. Mt: the roads were so bad,
even fur horses, that I could only get to Laraquete, where I
experienced such a heavy fall of rain, that I could scarcely
had shelter for the anus. Convinced that the troops might

as well be on their march as in such a place, and knowing
that the river Carampagne was only three leagues distant,
where the rebels had chosen their position, I determined
to push forward. -co- it happened, for two hours. after
my departure, at half-past one tat. I attacked them, leas-
ing'part of my force to observe their fortresses. Although
this manceuvre pec!tsioned a firing of cannon and m►;s-
ketry till night-fall, I experienced no other misfortune than
-a dragoc;tt losing one band; The night continued stormy►
anirthe very advantageous positions of the enemy could not
be taken' without great boldness and intrepidity; the river
being no where fordable; but I at length determined to pass
at all risks, • confiding in the accustemei bravery of soldiers
who prefer death to slavery.. I changed my imsition, and left
a small party under the command of Captain Francisco Espejs,
to attract their attention, while I attacked by the river,which
ipassed by swimming over, accompanied by the brave officers
Linn Ramirez de Arellano,Jtian ApOstol Martinez, JosZ Cien-
fuegos, Jose Maria Boil, and Manuel Itencoret, and the horse
grenadiers, with 50 freedmen, on their croups, exposed to the
fire of their infantry and artillery. They endeavoured, by their
' constant and quick fire, to keep us from approaching the bat.
tery ; but our infantry on the left of our position kept up so
well directed a fire, that they were put to flight, leering thirty
dead tiehind them. Being in possession of that post, the re-
mainder of the infantry passed over, and at the dawn of day
I pursued them'withont the least difficulty. At seven in the
morning I entered die fortress of Arauco,, which was evacu-
ated, because the flying enemy embarked-themselves without
attending to the troops, artillery, stores, and ammunition,
as your Excellency will perceive by the -annexed list. Our
loss only consists of 2 soldiers of the 7th Regiment; 1 corpo-
ral, and 1 soldier of the Horse Grenadiers, and 10 Dragoons,
who, I presume, were drowned in the pas Sage of the river; to
which must be added, the great loss of the officer D. Vincente
Munoz: The enemy. had 30 killed, 15 wounded, and 40 pri-
soners, and atueng tbe. latter Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Pas-
cual Villas ran. _ _

I assure your Excellency that tllz merit of the division un-

tlcr my command, for its constmey. enthusiasm, and valonr,
-Is worthy of the highest recommendation, it'd I congratulate
you upon a triumph so important. (;od protect, &c.
RAMON FREYIIE.

Ecortress of Aranco, 29th May, 1317
T 6., his Excellency the tiupreun• Director of the State,
and General in Chief at the Aruty of the Andes.
(A true copy) ZENTENO, See.
ARTILLERY, &c. TAKEN FROM THE ENEMY.
45 Iron 8-po►intaers.
2 Ditto, 4 Ditto.
4 Brass 2 Ditto. '
400 Ball Cartridges for Cannon.
400 Grape Shot Cartridges.
SOO Cartridges. without
130 Loose 13;-.114.
Bartels of Gunpowder.
SO Granadus.
1001bc of Match.
90 Muslicts..
8000 M nil:et Cartridges with Ball.
SOO Flints.
2 Extra Gun Carriges.
(A true copy)
Fortress of Aratico, 'nth May, 1817.

ZENTENO, Sec.

His Royal Highness the Duke of CLARENCH,
who has been for softie time past on a visit at the
seat of the Earl mid Countess of 1-IARcovRT, at
Newnham, will leave Oxfordshire early on Ilion-
day morning, in order to be present to receive her
MAJESTY and the Princess ELIZABETH, on their
Arrival al
