TREATY between FRANCE and TRIPOLI

IN THE NAAtR or THE OVINIPOTIINT AND tion
His Majesty the King of France, &c. and his
Excellency Jussuf Bascia, of Tripoli, animated with
a desire to put an end to the displeasing situation
in which the forced departure of the Consul-General
of France has put the two States—and wishing
dwiistohridne
rtheirs plotawyeer
or
fot e throwo
uarbt
eda t distance
c e "heel:
equally, on this occasion, to contribute what is
tween Christian Powers and the Regency of Tripoli,
and guarantee for ever complete security to the
Mediterranean, have authorised to this effect, by
these powers—for his Majesty the King of France.
the Rear-Admiral Baron tie Rosamel, Grand Cross
of the Legion of Honour, &c. &c. &c.; for the
Bascia of Tripoli, Hagi Mahtnoud Betelmel—to
agree to the present Treaty in the name of their re-
spective masters, praying the omnipotent God to
assist them in their beneficent views, which are ad-
vantageous for all nations.
Art. 1. Ilia Excellency the Bascia of Tripoli shall
send to the Vice-Admiral commanding the French
squadron, a letter, subscribed by, himself, and ad-
dressed to his most Christian Majesty, in which he
shall pray his Majesty to accept of his humble excuse
for the circumstances which have obliged the Consul.
General to leave his post, and deny every partici-
pation in the voice of calumny which has been
spread in regard to said Consul, and express a desire
to see friendly relations fully re-established between
the two States, by the re-installation of the Consul
General. An open copy of said letter shall be given
to the Vice-Admiral. The Bascia will renew the
same excuse, by one of his sons, to the Consul
General on his arrival in this city.
Art. 2. The Bascia renounces entirely for himself
and his successors all right to cruise, or give autho-
rity to cruise, against merchant vessels of Powers
with which he shall beat war, provided such Powers
declare a similar intention regarding the merchant
ships of Tripoli, and to whom the Bascia shall have
regularly announced his warlike intentions, or shall
have received from them similar intimation ; in which
case the merchant ships of the two Powers may
freely navigate without being molested by the ships
of war, unless they wish to enter a blockaded port,
or are found carrying soldiers or articles contraband
of war • in which two cases they shall be made
prises Of, but their confiscation must only take place
after legal adjudication. Any Tripolitan vessel
which, except in the cases mentioned, shall arrest a
merchant vessel, may be treated as a pirate by any
of the Christian Powers, without in the least dis-
turbing the good understanding which exists between
them and the Regency. The Bascia also renounces
all right henceforward to augment the naval force
which he at present possesses (and a note of that
force shall be annexed to the present treaty.) But
this stipulation does not prevent him from repairing
his ships of war, nor from replacing them with
vessels of equal force, in case they should be lost,
nor from finishing such as he may be constructing.
It is also perfectly understood by the contracting
parties, that the Bascia is not to arm merchant
vessels, nor authorise his subjects to arm, or furnish
them with either cannon or other arms.
Art. 3. The Easels is to abolish for ever Chris-
tian slavery in his states; the Bascia engages to in-
demnify the proprietors of such. Should he ever
have war with any Christian Power, soldiers and
sailors which fall into his hands shall be treated as
prisoners of war are treated in Europe, and
such
persons as have not been taken in arms shall be
forthwith released.
Art. 4. Any foreign vessel which shall be stranded
or wrecked on the coast of the Regency, shall re-
ceive every assistanee, and provisions in case of need.
The Bascia shall take such measures us will insure
the safety of the passengers and crew, and cause
their property to be respected. Should any of them
be murdered, the perpetrators shall be punished as
assassins according to the law of the country ; be.
sides which, the Bascia shall pay, unto the Consul of
1 the nation to which they belong a sum equal to the
