PUBLICATIONS.

l'unusliED vy TAYLOR and lIESSEY, 93, FLEET-
STREET.
or PURGAI'()RY,
46'fkit'SDIsF., of DANTE AUGHIERI.
Itev. F. Cary, A.M. 3 Pocket Volumes, price
bar( •
of .
aai4llllllr fronshtnrs of Dante with whom we are ac-
brit 4.l4;''7,Nrt•,Cary 'is the most successful; and we cannot
s-(4c14;r11-1''er his work at a great acquisition In the English
Zitul ti: 't is executed with a fidelity almost without example;
'itrt di...`):lgh the tneos•tire he has adopted conveys no idea of,
thm 'g*laLstanzh, issierhaps chosen est for his purpo.g,-, 433!(1;
''clit•lett3te himself wonlii 'hove if he had written in
ofttl a hater eiliy."•.:--Edin. Rev. No. 58.
Th• •
4,413;4 4:i JR Out only the hest translation of ,Dante, Which lias'j
,4131-art:,,,,'in our hot it Hui?, perhaps, with justice.,
the hest: t'railslation of any Puet in the whole
literature."—Eclecticnev..l7 lts 9•
the
,
WRITERS. l)e-
Li, tn*Sitrre:y- Instil utioii. Witliant4lailitt, 8r0..;
• r.'. lioards
it r '
iuRtS oil the FICGLISIJI POETS. Deliveied the
+4"ri wrj`nltitUt. • • 'W•11.- Svo. Sevoild4Edit•'
)ou...by t ialts ,
Mitt'‘AcTOßS',:cif SIT AKSPEARn's PLAVS. By s
B**'' • SiLkvrittii Zil lion: Plide 103. Gd. hoards.
.114 f -.41 Very booli—asid we. do hesitate
,to'
\‘• `26'3lE 4f. ‘-'..t,j:*e4ii.ii-de'tilsia.'ili'igitratityj t
and genins.-
13eiitili,‘`.e chiefty hod( for sUcti a work is a fine sense of the
190 411.;,"1 the Anew eloqUent Eo4iitiitit of them ;,
~,,,gerc.l%.Pig aim' • • think may, be fouttd.in the Folume
, re u 4 loorei
• lieVictV Sti.
' •

AettEitiviAiiN proposes to publish an Ilistori-
-4114' Chaiacieilstic the Rhile, from
—A.-hyen,„„
t 9 Crtiagtl e in Six .Montlily•Parts, con-
-411
.4.a consplet'eilistoiy- .Picttiresoue De-•
11"44.11t a •portino .of al:onntry so:full of cu-
, 11,s 31'd intcreiting circumstances, as well as so
si4e'ident..for.its landscape, gritptUor, and beau-
t
iriork will lie ellubellislied with twenty-
fur highly finished and coloured Engravings.
ithppear on the Ist October, rind to he
111,;ued until completed. A comet
it if b°l 91e Rivei', anti the territory through which
qui) VS') isliiparing.exclivtiirely -for this publ.o
:.-
ttipie6.tto...o wkli he given with the last part. i
vtli„
•Will' 'he printed on Elephant ifto.
143.411/4'er. *Piice to the first
.50,0 Subscribers.
.ent),fkiell Part which the price be
t•ii,t4l
Y the Press, Letters front
-14 ‘l,:YYrce and Chili, With an Original History
.
the",""r'.Counity, illustrated with Engravings,
for it ("Moir of Letters from Paraguay. Printed
who is al go preparing i • f
.lerest m Eleentsfy W i
Work of peculiar n-
s" it ;111 111.NConstruct•ion of the Alachines adopt-
ftrid Manufactures, with thirteen
I 3r.a.Phic Plate*.

lilL .......wilts..--
lilY % P '
1 4‘ Orr ICEItS.-The consi:lerate libera-
-lesi s .
t..titicley.:iich his Al ' • •' 'Nlitristers have recently
11 v Officers
a,-. towards the interest of Ila-1" , „...
11%11:,"" 1)e sufficiently extolled•—To L".,,
,i,',:-,
tot. 1-0 N and M. LITTLETON great praise is 1_;,..
lin,,lativi"g btoutfht tot ward a measure for pcl6-tnii,,
IlitP.: 7,41 E-Pay Officers ti) receive 4 "`" ".11,,triot4
"h.' rt9:lf-Pil*, and hold a situation not exccc
tw.- tines the ainotint of it. Thus have these,
ittillicul.lll' :\leniber 5 of the Imperial Parliament:.
;44411,14 I)eilevoletit liberality and persevera.nc
14: ,1h-r
(~ to tikkir great characters, beets the nit ant
'ir''.r.;;)tilLit,' a-I..striction that v,,,as felt 111('" I 4—uslv bk k • "i • Majesty's most
tty,,l / y that portion of his ,
1, dnti !s --i .b• ta Tile effect that must
„!t proo ..- e.,,.tig ~u jec . .
with_
Jirat,„ ktvetl hv the restriction baying been
itill -..1- w.t •- • be equally bene-
:la) t:
~1, it is to be hoped,
tits
td` 1:• I' the (3uvernnitnt, ns many eutl)loYreli,
llvT;' :v" sr, 'with slender .onlaties annexe(, c; ti,
l't'etiltt` It hy men of the strictest pi obtty
ever
tetd rut churileter—lnen ‘vlio have been .
.. !ti
t‘tn. a 4', It'li their lives in the service of. their
4.t!-„.!it.-:*4"c(iiintry, „„,} %.. hose COmmissions ate a
i,:.,-z. .‘t A,taralitee for their executing any trust
‘4l' i:' :Lew with zeal and fidelity.

Any thing from the' pen of this eloquent and
constituticinal %I/fifer is truly valuable. Firmly
attached co oer geod old Consfitetioe in Church
and Stale, a!td untainted 'ss'eli the phusible but
dangerous theories Which have polidned the
minds end perverted the abilities of so nraoy of
our rising literary Men, -1\1r."1-IsebY forms one
amongst the nutejser'Ot -these splendid exceptions
which- are. doubly valuable when met with, in
times like the present.
The Dean of Middleham was a'character orno,
ordinary east. Perhaps no one exerted- himself
during a kopg life with more assitleit y. then he did
in the cause of Protestantism; and in support of
the natural rights of his tellow-Subjects and
Tire intimate ac
gea.ntence which sills.
sisted between the Dean and Mrs STocreosee
[Jenny gave the latter an opportunity of studying
his real cheuracteri and unable, from want of ma-
terials, to furnish the world with a Memoir of the
lamented deceased, Mr. FIaRDY hits contented him-
self with an Analysis of his conduct upon three
pesticidal ly impertent Questions, Viz'. the French
Revolution, the Sl,tve Tiede, and the :Roman Ce-
tholie QUeS6OII. 'doing this, our Author has
shewn r complete knoWledge of his subjects, ;turd
has compressed into a small compass a thOst ad-
mirable summary of the leading arguments upon
them.—The following remarks upon the French
Revolution are so forCible, and so applicable to
the present period, that we are coefident our
Readers will deern no apology requisite for ex-
tracting them :
" When that enemy of society and mankind,
the French Revolution,
,began to disperse its spe-
cious but baneful principlei, the Dean was among
the foremost of those truly patriotic citizens who
raised their seeming
.voices its exposing its dans
gerous tendency, and ultimate object ; like The-
mistoclet, he preferred "nipping the bud to Stem-
ming the torrent," and, in the prosecution of his
object, he enlisted all his physical and intellectirel
powers. In this Revolution, he read not only a
barefaced afiempr upon social order and decorum,
but a direct attack upon Christianity itself. As a
citizen, be repelled the first ; and, as a presbyter,
he defended the Church against the second. The,
press teemed with the labours of his pen, while
the pulpit echoed _with the sound of his voice;
and when the monster dared to erect his crest
with additional boldness, like a faithful sentinel,
be grappled with it in its very ;den, refuted the
assertions of its friends on their own data, and
endeavoured to bring into public odium those prin-
elide's, 'which, while 'they spoke smooth things'
to the lace, were secretly aiming a fat 4 stab at
the clearest. privileges of his country, ,and the
'sacred institutions of his ancestors. Unlike the
general ride; the'nearer the object approached,
the greater' were his apprehensions -t ' he feared
more Who feared more nearly ;' his exertions re-
doubled as tae crisis drew on; his acts' tint his
tears'•spoke for' hiM, and bursting like a lion
.froris fetters which naturally bound hint, his load
*exertion because light, -he cheerfully bore it,
and trierephantlY,wayed the standard of loyalty
'lnd order over the region of disaffection and con-
fusion.' Couvinced that Civil Society was of Di-
vine Appointment, and
.that its various ramifica-
does were necessary to its due preservation, the
Dean maSanfly 'immeshed those 11,ittering, decep-
tive insinuations which were thrown out.by de-
signing men, acrd the object of which was, to ren-
der the lower classes 'ot his countrymen discon-
tented with that station in life which an all-svise
Providence bad assitsned them :
" ' There must be wisdom and virtue in the
higher orders of the community,' said the Dean
at this eventful period, to connect and preserve,
to defend and direct, the several parte of the ma-
chine of Civil-Society; while the patient labours
and endeavours of the meanest are equally requi-
site, though subservient, to the prosperity of ea-
tions ; the faundation of the noblest
though laid deep and low, and composed of the
coarsest materials, has yet the merit of sustaining
the whole work, and is do less essential to it than
the stateliest and most beautiful
" Nu one was better able to expose the fallacy
of the asgements used by the abettors of the. Re-
volution titers the Dealt.; Cqusa latet, ris est
notissima,* was the motto he culled from the Rtl.
men Poet ; he knew the texture of the curtain
which. hid these pseudo-patriots and their acts
Isom the light of day—he suffered it to be used
for a certain period, and contented himself with
'delineating the effect of the measures adopted,
leaving their projectors under its protection ; but
When he had traced these measures to their pro-
per solace, he suddenly rent asunder the flimsy
blind, and obliged those with whom they origi•
nets(' to stand torwat Alio all their native defor-
mity as the enemies of mankind, and the abettors
of murder and sedition;—he strewed those to be
iyrants, whose pretended attribute was mercy;
and that to be a space filled with noxious weeds,
which it had been pretended was a garden
en-
riched with fragrant flowers,—was a second Ely;
shim, where man might rest free hoer care—
stretch his weary limbs on beds of roses--amid for-
get in the enjoyment of present felicity, past suf-
fering and monarchical tyranny."
We heye not space to extract the admirable anti
affecting comments upon the activity of the Dean
on the great question of the Slave Trade. The
following reference to the West India Mutters,

• See " Tne Duty of supporting and defending our Gaun-
try and Consti.tutlon ; a Di,c,iurSe preedied in the Collegial
11rCh of Middlrbutn, Xcl);uary 1Uth,17',33 ott ti l'rupi;ct

" The endeavours of the Dean to bring the
West India Planters to a sense of their true in-
terests, were tantamount to those which he used
to impede the progress of infidelity and diaffec-
(ion; remindibg them of Nature's. Laws---of their
illegal use of power--and -of their degradation in
the sealt of civil society ; he exhorted them to
forsake the blandislomenta asituation acquired
by unnatural custom he exhorted them to bend
before reproof, to reflect,
.to lay their hands on
their breasts, and to fan the embers of linntanit'y
into the flame of AfriCan EnCancipationtolatt
them into a'flame, which, 'White it reflected eter-
nal honour upon those who cherished it, sheaved
forth in its brightest colours and proudest array,
(he triumph of Christian feeling over interested ani-
titian !—Numerous were the journeys Which he
took to torward this great cause of national joss
lice and retribution ; and the value of his services
testy be collected front the public vote of thanks
nith which he' was honoured, from the society
that• Was formed to assist in accomplishing the
great object which Mr. Wilheiforce and his Par-
liamentary associates had in view The
publi-
cations on this subject, which owed their appear-
ance to his prolific pen, were numerous ; and it is
greatly to be regretted that our lamented friend
never kept an accurate account oldie pamphlets and
incidental tracts, which on this, as on other great
questions, he gave to the world. Happily he
lived to see the fruits of his labours in the aboli;•
tion of this detested traffic—art abolition, pro-
duced not by the blaze of eloquence, or the trick
of declamation, but by solid, well-founded coo-
victim), wrought on the minds of our legislatots
by a slow yet sure progress, and which terminat-
ed) as it was certain of doing, in their • breaking
the bonds' of Aftic'slavery, and • throming away'
from their native country the stigma with which
she bad so long been branded. lie regarded the
ultimate decision of-the Legislature on tit is never-
to-be-forgotten qttestiou as a triumph, the sp,len-
(ltd trophies of which were borne by those who
had been raised from a,state of servile and unli-
mited dependence—from a state which threw rea-
son into the shade, and nipped her • earliest bud'
—to one; where Liberty presided, Reason assist-
ed, and Humanity protected ;—lre regarded it also
as the approach of a season of happiness which
'be had-long contemplated—he hugged the pros-
'petitY of his Country to his breast, and was not
‘ afraid of foreign foes whilst internal justice
guarded her citadel f'"

A spirit of moderation and candour invatiably
breathes 'through any arguments which fall from
the pelt of this able Writer ; and we only wish,
that in all cases of controversy this was more ge-
neral. We think the Protestant cause greatly in,
debtrd to Mr. HARDY for thus so effectually res.
cuingsthe name of Dean Nrcxot.Ls film the obli-
vion into which it appeared to be consigned.

I believe the et•er-to-be-rernenibered Granville Sharpe
presided when the aboic vote 'Was pass,d.

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

SONIERSETSHIRE ASSIZES.—BniDsrwAmt, Auc. 17.
