THE CHAIRING.

As soon as the proceedings were over in the Hall, Mr.
Brougham was placed in a very elegant chair of blue silk,
which had been made expressly for the occasion. The
chair was as handsome a one as we have seen for some
time, and was moat splendidly decorated. On each side
was the word " Reform," and on the back of it the word
" Brougham."

THE DINNER.
About 3 o'clock in the afternoon nearly 200 gentlemen
sat down to dinner at the King's Arms, Jas. Brougham,
Esq., M.P., in the Chair. The Chairman gave " The
King." The most liberal and enlightened Monarch that
ever ascended the British Throne. It was to his firm-
ness that we are chiefly indebted for the measure of Re-
form ; for though he did appear to falter, it wds only as to
the means to be used, but not as to the necessity of it.

CARMART.HEN, DEC. 13.
(ritom A CORRESPONDENT.)
The Liberal party have triumphed here, the Corpora.
tion is beaten, and tyranny is at an end. The Hon. W,
11. Yelverton was this day elected Member of Parliament
for the united boroughs of Carmarthen and Llanelly, after
a most severe contest. The following is an analysis o
the poll :-
10/. householders and resident burgesses,
Yelverton
Jones

2'20
165

Majority for Mr. Yelverton 55
Burgesses within seven miles,
Jones . 60
Yelverton

Majority for Mr. Jones..

Llanel ly new voters,
Jones
Yelverton

Majority for Mr. Jones._

Majority for Mr. Yelverton on the gross poll 7

BIRMINGHAM.

On Wednesday the election of two burgesses to serve in
Parliament for this borough, took place at the
Publio-
office. By 9 o'clock, the hour fixed fur the nomination,
Moor-street was completely filled, from the Bull-ring to
Carr's-lane, with a dense mass of people. At the hour
named the High and Low Bailiff,with Thomas Attwood,
Esq., and Joshua Scholefield, Esq., accompanied by their
separate committees, appeared on the hustings, and imme-
diately commenced the preparatory proceedings.
Mr. T. W. HILL proposed Thomas Attwood, Esq.
The proposition was received with immense applause.
J. BErrs, Esq. seconded the nomination.
G. F. 111orrrz, E.g. proposed Joshua Scholefield, Esq.
—(Loud cheers.)
THOMAS CLARKE, Esq., seconded the nomination.
No other candidate was proposed, and on the show of
hands, the High Bailiff declared Messrs. Attwood and
Scholefield duly elected.--(Cheering, which lasted for some
minutes.)

Mr. ATTWOOD presented himself at the front of the
hustings, amidst loud cheering. He should go to Parlia.
went to fulbl their will, to protect their rights, and be
hoped to restore the prosperity of the country. He should

go to do the work of the people, and he would do it...-.
(Cheers.) Nu man had ever entered Parliament with
cleaner hands than he should enter it.—(Cheers ) He
had not solicited a single vote. The man did not live
that did him a favour by voting for him ; and the man
slid not live who displeased hint by voting against him---..
(Cheers.) He should do his utmost to improve and en-
large the Bill of Reform—to protect the rights and liberties
1 of the people—and, above all things, to restore such a state
of general prosperity among the industrious classes, that no
honest and able workman should be in a state of misery and
depentlance.—(Cheers.) In protecting the industrious
classes it was his sincere wish not to injure other classes
of the community. For that part of the honourable
arristocracy of the lan-I who had so nobly discharged their
duty, likes the Duke of Norfolk, the Marquis of Westmin-
..ter, and many others, he felt the most sincere respect
and he was convinced that it was not the interest of the
people to injure or degrade them in the exercise
of any of their jnst and rightful privileges; but for the
boroughmongering patt of the aristocracy his feelings
were very different.—(Cheers.) Next to restoring the
prosperity and confirming the liberty of his country, his
grand object would be to protect the national honour. He
would not go to Parliament to see his country kicked
round Europe front the Baltic to the Euxine Sea.—
(Cheers.) He would take care, as far as his power went,
that the national honour should be safe; and if any of the
timid and servile party told him that they were not in a
condition to go to war, he would endeavour to bring the
gui!ty men to trial who had brought such a noble nation
into such a fearful and degrading state as that.—(Cheers.)
He would do his best to bring to trial the criminals, and
to place the country once more in such a condition that
she might be at the head of any despot in Europe who
might insult her,—(Cheers.) He would not detain them
with any further remarks. His opinions were well known,
and he was anxious to depart for a neighbouring town,
where a great struggle was going on between the friends
of liberty and slavery, and in which a near relation of his
own was concerned.—(Loud cheers.) He trusted that
the public cause would be successful there ; but if not,
.t would be a damning proof of the absolute necessity
of vote by ballot; for he believed in his conscience
chat four out of five of the electors were in favour
of the popular candidate.—(Continued cheering.) He
He bad no intention to make any promises, for they know
that be would do the best in his power. All that he could
say was, that if, in the exercise of his duty as their re-
presentative in Parliament, he shoutd at any time have
the misfortune to disagree with them in opinion, he would
instantly resign his seat upon receiving their request that
he should do so.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. SCHOLEFIELD next advanced to the front of the
hustings, and was vehemently cheered. He should echo
the words of his worthy friend and colleague, with whom
it was his pride and pleasure to be associated, and assured
the electors that on entering the House of Commons as
the representative of that distinguished town, he should
consider himself bound, by duty and by principle, to ad-
vocate good government and general liberty—not liberty
in this country alone, but liberty all over the world.
There was one direct and positive pledge which he had
that day given through the medium of his excellent friend
Mr. Mun•z, and he considered it the best security which
his constituents could have from their representative,—
viz , when his general Parliamentary conduct ceased to
have their approbation, he would resign into their hands
the honourable trust he had received from them.—(Loud
cheers.)

Three cheers were then given for the King, and the
immense multitude separated. Mr. Attwood immediately
left Birmingham for Walsall, to assist his son in his election
for that borough.

BOROUGH OF WARWICK.

Perhaps in the whole history of election contests the
scenes which have lately passed at Warwick can hardly
find a parallel. Formerly this was a close borough, and
the late Lord Warwick cleared by the sale of his two seats
at the rate of 1,000/. a-year. Unwilling to relinquish
his unjust claim, it was determined by his present Lord-
ship that one violent effort should be made. Accordingly,
about two months ago the surprise of the inhabitants was
excited touch, and their indignation more, at the sudden
appearance of Sir Charles Greville as a candidate for the
representation of their town. Though supported by a
little knot of borough gentry, few in number, and not very
mighty in intellect, yet, without the forced votes of Castle
tenants, traders and dependants, he well knew that he
had not the smallest chance of success, nor much even
with them. The powerful aid of 20,000/. was, there-
Cre, called into vigorous action. For many weeks past
sums upon sums have been expended, in every way likely
to influent-I. the worthy electors, of tl.-
orders. gibes to large amounts have been offered by
persons in disguise, and sometimes by persons without
disguise.—(Hear, hear, hear.) Houses of entertain.
went have been thrown o, en for the tree admission of
all corners of the right colour, followed by its neces-
sary consequences—filling the streets, day and night
with disgusting brawlers, beastly drunkards, and brutal
boxers. A common libeller, one of the lowest and worst
of the tribe, just escaped from the deserved punishment of
a gaol, was hired and kept in pay; and never were, on
any former occasions, election placards thrown abont so
vulgar and offensive in style, so bitter and rancorous in
spirit, so odious and detestable in personal abuse, as those
which issued forth from the head and the heart of that
infamous libeller. But this was not the worst. Agents
of the Orange or Greville party were sent throughout the
whole country, 10 miles round, to engage the poachers,
boxers, and all the men of dissolute habits, at '78., So., and
some even at 9s. a day, with abundant supplies of food and
and drink, including wine and spirits. The appearance
of these resolute men, to the number of from 300 to 400,
was quite terrific. All, however, was tolerably peaceable
till, on Friday last, when the Pinks and the Blues,
listening to the parting harangues of their candidates,
Tomes and King, after parading the town, were suddenly
assailed, unarmed as they were, by the Orangeites, who
now for the first time produced short bludgeons of fearful
form and force, from which the objects of their vengeance
suffered dreadfully. This was succeeded by other acts of
violence; windows were smashed, dooms were broken
open, furniture was damaged, and the inmates were
beaten or threatened. One small inn, the White Hart,
plundered of all its liquor, and the beautiful buildings of
the gas-works were attacked and greatly injured,
Some Orange gentlemen were seen actively engaged
in these lawless proceedings, whose conduct is likely
to be the subject of legal investigation. At length, so
severe was the aspect of affairs, the Riot Act was read,
and a detachment of the Scotch Greys was sent for front
Coventry barracks, by whom tolerable order was after-
wards maintained. From that time, till after the two
days of polling, most of the s ops in the town were kept
shut, much of its usual business was suspended, and a
general feeling of anxiety and alarm prevailed every where.
On Saturday, so formidable was the appearance of the
Orange bludgeon-men, that at the request of the authori-
ties, and with the consent of the three candidates, the
ceremony of public nomination was omitted, and it was
agreed that the polling should commence ou the following
Monday. In the mean time all was fearful apprehension,
houses said to be marked were boarded up ; no man of
pink and blue dared to show his colours, or go out un-
armed. At one polling booth the disorder was so great,
that the polling was suspended for the day. At length, to
the great disappointment and sorrow of all the friends of
Reform, Sir Charles Grenville was announced to be at the
head of the poll ; and on the resignation of Mr. Tomes,
Sir Charles and Mr. King were duly elected ; but so gross
has been the bribery, and so horrible the intimidation em-
ployed, that a petition to set aside the election is already
talked of, and subscriptions opened to defray the expense.
If so, the triumph of the Conservatives will probably be
as short-lived as it is ill-gained. Many of those beaten
by the Orange bludgeons on Friday last, have never since
been able to leave their beds; and some are still lying
with small hopes of recovery. Surely these enormities
are too great to be longer tolerated.

NORTHERN DIVISION OF HAMP-
SHIRE.

Yesterday was the nomination day for the north divi-
sion of Hampshire, and the ceremony took place in front
of the Town-hall.

At ten o'clock the Under-Sheriff opened the bu.iness of
the day, and entreated a fair hearing for the candidates
and their friends. A considerable multitude was a.-
sembled, and in one quarter there was a compact body of
men having the appearance of small farmers, or agricul-
tural labourers, whose conduct, it will be subsequently seen,
created considerable disturbance. We were given to un-
derstand that these men were tenants of the Duke of
Buckingham, and came into the city early in the morning
from Avington, Itching, and other places.

Mr. MILDMAY nominated SHAW LEI,EvRE, Esq., as
a fit and proper person to represent the northern division
of Hampshire.—(Loud cheers and uproar.)
Mr. DUTHIE seconded the nomination.

(At this period the crowd wrested several sticks from
the Avington men, and one was exhibited, which was
bound round the tod with iron, and wits in evsry respect a
iormidable weapon. The indignation excited by this dis-
covery caused a general attack to be made upon the bind-
