THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, NOVEMJ3ER 5, 1839.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

Sheridan Knowles has again achieved a triumph.
A new five act play from his pen, entitled Love,
was produced at this theatre last evening, which,
although not equal to the Hunchback, is yet, if we
mistake not, destined to hold a permanent place in
the dramatic literature of the country. In the first
act we find the young Countess of Eppel).
stein (Miss Ellen Tree) in her study with
her Secretary Huon (Mr. Anderson), a serf ;
he is reading to her a tale of love, and from his
manner it is evident he loves her devotedly yet
hopelessly ; she loves him too, but her pride forces
her to hide, and endeavour to overcome her love,
and she seeks to hide it under the mask of haughty
severity to him she loves. At length she unwittingly
betrays her secret. She is hawking, attended by
her retinue, a storm comes on—a tree under which
Huon is standing is struck by lightning, Huon falls
stunned to the ground—she flies to his assistance in
an extacy of grief—he recovers his senses, and she in-
stantly returns to her semblance of haughty persecu-
tion, but too late. Count Ulrick (Mr. Diddear), dis-
covers her love, and informs her father, the Duke
of Corinthia (Cooper)", of the discovery. He de-
liberates with Count Ulrick as to the best course
to be pursued, and at length determines to force
Huon to marry Catherine (Madame Vestris) an
enfranchised serf, but who possesses wealth, and
for whose hand numerous suitors are found among
the poor nobility. He calls Huon to him and draws
up a paper in which he engages Huon to marry
Catherine, Huon refuses to sign it. The
Duke leaves him, giving him an hour to
consider, and if he then refuses threatens
to send him to the gallies. The Countess
enters, and demands what was the occasion
of her father's anger with him —he shows
her the paper, which drops from her hands, and
she stands for a time mute with agony. Words at
length force their way, and she passionately declares
her love for Huon, and engages Huon to swear by
that love, to do whatever she shall demand of him
—he promises—and she bids him sign the paper;
he complies—she directs Catherine and the priest
to attend her and Huon to the Chapel, where
she will herself see the ceremony performed, and her
' father delighted with her thus conquering her love,
blesses her, and enfranchises Huori on his marriage.
That same day the old Duke, who had long been
ailing, dies and directs by his will that if his
daughter will not choose a husband, a solemn tour-
' nament shall be held, and the conqueror be re-
warded with her hand. Huon has fled from the
chapel door immediately on the conclusion of the
ceremony, and although search has been made, and
large rewards offered for him by the Countess,
no tidings have been heard of him. Cathe-
rine remains in her service, disguised in male
attire, as her Secretary, and thus has an opportunity
of discovering who, among her former admirers,
sought her for her wealth, and who for herself. The
Empress arrives to preside at the tournament, and
in her train she brings a stranger knight, who, by
his deeds in arms, has become the observed of all
observers. He proves to be Huon, and the Coun-
tess then becomes the victim of jealousy, deeming
him the chosen of the Empress. She seeks an in-
terview with him, and this scene is in our opinion the
finest in the play, and was most effectively
and beautifully performed by Miss Ellen
Tree, who was here well supported by
Anderson. She urges him to prove his love by
quitting the service of the Empress, which he re-
fuses, and thus her jealousy becomes confirmed.
The last act opens with the preparations for the
tournament. The Empress (Mrs. Brougham), in
an interview with the Countess, informs her that
the Church has absolved Huon from his vows to
Catherine, and that he is to enter the lists to com-
bat for her hand, he who has never been defeated.
The lists are closed, and the Prince of Milan is
declared the victor, having unhorsed Huon,
The victor claims the hand o the Countess, who
declares that she is already a wife—that unknown
to Huon himself it • was to her his vows were
plighted in the chapel, for her name also is Cathe-
rine—Catherine also having found out in her dis-
guise that Sir Rupert loved her for hersolf, gives
him her hand, and the curtain falls. The whole
weight of the piece falls upon Miss Ellen Tree, and
nobly did she sustain it—dignified, tender, and
impassioned, she was all the poet himself could
have wished. Anderson was the Huon, and
although exceedingly good in parts, yet on
the whole he was wanting in tenderness. This
gentleman possesses talent, and will do well in his
profession if he will give himself fair play ; but to
do this he must cease imitating Macreadv. What
little Cooper had to do was done carefully ; and
Diddear's Ulrick is worthy of high praise—his de-
clamation is excellent. Madame Vestris made the
most that could be made of Catherine, and the
lighter scenes in which she appears are an agree-
able relief to the more pathetic parts of the drama.
Knowles was called for at the fall of the curtain,
and Bartley came forward to apologise for his ab-
sende, and to announce the piece for repetition,
amidst the loud applause of a most crowded house.
Miss Ellen Tree, Anderson, and Madame Ves-
tris, were subsequently called for, and made their
appearance before the curtain. The play is re-
plete with exquisitely poetical passages, and through-
out contains nothing approaching to bombast or
bad taste.

We give the following extracts as specimens of
the poetry. They were very effectively given by
Anderson ; in short, throughout the scene with the
Duke he was exceedingly good :
" 0, What is death, compared to slavery !
Brutes may bear bondage—they were made for it,
When Heaven set man above them; but no mark,
Definite and indelible, it put
Upon one man to mark him from another,
That he should live his slave. 0 heavy curse !

To have thought, reason, judgment, feelings, tastes,
Passions, and conscience, like another man,
And not have equal liberty to use them,
But call his mood their master !"

" My Lord( I am a man ;
And, as a man, owe duty higher far
Than that I owe to thee, which Heaven expects
That I discharge. Didst thou command me murder,
Steal, commit perjury, or even lie—
Should Ido it, though thy serf? No ! To espouse her,
Not loving her, were murder of her peace.
I will not sign for that 1 With like default,
To compass mastery of her effects,
Were robbery. I will not sign for that 1
To swear what I must swear to make her mine,
Were perjury at the very altar. Therefore
I will not sign! To put forth plea of love,
Which not a touch of love bears witness to,
Were uttering a lie. And so, my Lord,
I will not sign at all 1-0, good my liege,
My lord, my master, ask me not to sign I
My sweat, my blood, use without sparing; but
Leave me my heart—a miserable one
Although it be 1 Coerce me not in that,
To make me do the thing my heart abhors !
I beg no more !"

Glenarm Castle (on the coast of Antrim), the
beautiful seat of Edmund M'Donneil, Esq., is at pre-
sent the scene of great hospitality. Viscount and Vis-
countess Chelsea, Lord Mark and the Ladies Kerr,
the Right lion. George and Mrs. Dawson, and several
sporting gentlemen are visiting there.

The whole of the tapestry, shields, transparent
paintings, and other decorations of the Wellington
pavilion, at Dover, are to be brought to the hammer
at Dover.

DISTRESSING ACCIDENT.—On Tucsday last
an accident of a most painful nature befel a lad named
Geo. Wright, an apprentice of Mr. John Young, ship•
builder, of this town. Wright was on the stage at
work, on the outside of a schooner, now on the stocks
in the yard, while another shipwright was at work inside
the vessel, boring a hole through with an augur, and
just opposite to the place where Wright stood on the
outside, Wright having stooped down to inspect more
minutely his work, when, unfortunately, the augur
came through, and striking him with great force on the
eye, absolutely extracted it from the socket. The poor
fellow fell down in the greatest agony, and was imme-
diately taken to the surgery of Mr. Hawkins, where
every thing that professional skill an I kindness could
suggest was done.—Monmouthshire

UTILITY OF MONEY.—Philosophers may rea-
son, and divines may declaim as much as they *please
respecting the vanity and worthlessness of money ; I
must take the liberty of differing from them. Ab-
stractly speaking, I admit the circulating medium is
despicable enough ; but though this be true, and though,
I hope, I am the last man in the world that would do
anydishonourable action to gain money, yet it is not to
be denied that it is a remarkably useful commodity. It
is a necessary evil ; it smooths the rugged path of life ;
it enables 's man to walk the. public thoroughfares more
consequentially ; to hold his head more erect in society
than he could otherwise do ; in a word, money works
miracles.— Walks and Wanderings in the World of
Literature, by the Author cf " The Great Metropoli s.'
THE WEATHER.—We have on the whole had
excellent weather this week in Glasgow. The potatoe
crop is nearly secured, and a most plentiful ono it is,
for which we cannot be sufficiently thankful.—Glasgow
Paper.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS

(MONDAY EVENING.)
POST.—The funds have been greatly depressed
again to-day in both markets. The pressure upon the
markets was occasioned principally by certain rumours
which were is circulation respecting the proceedings of
the Bank of England, for the papers, both morning and
evening, have to-day indulged more liberally than
usual in speculations on the subject. The reports pre-
valent were not, however, by any means confined to
what has been said by the press, as almost every
individual engaged in mercantile operations, or in
any way interested in the changes of the Money
Market, has had a version of his own to offer as
to the more recent movements of the " Parlour." A
bill drawn by her Majesty's Superintendent of the
Chinese trade on the Treasury having made its ap-
pearance, it. was supposed by many that the inten-
tion of indemnifying the parties who surrendered
their opium under the general arrangement was
being actually carried into effect, and that the draft in
question was but the first of a series which would be
continued to the extent of between two and three mil-
lions steriing. But we understand that the present
drawing has no reference whatever to the main question
at issue. Captain Elliot has no doubt passed a bill
upon the Treasury, but, if we are correctly advised, it
is to meet a specific and limited object. If we recollect
rightly, one of the most serious charges levelled against
the Bank Directors has been that they, by discounting
bills at the present high rate of interest, are absolutely
profiting by their own errors ; and, if such be the fact,
there can be little justice in the accusation we have
quoted. The Bank were doing scarcely any business
in the way of discounts at the period referred to, and,
at the low rate of interest then demanded, the passive
course of policy pursued could not have been perse-
vered in with a view to the interests of the proprietors.
It would have been fortunate had the Bank taken
earlier measures to arrest the drain of bullion. Much
of the speculative business in corn and cotton, as well
as in foreign stocks and shares, might have been thereby
prevented ; but we can fully appreciate the unwilling-
ness that must always be felt by the board to take such
steps as must, frOm the very nature of them, have the
effects of disturbing private credit.
The Courier mentions that, among the rumours afloat,
the sale of the " dead weight" annuity was one of the
foremost on the list, as is usual on these occasions ;
next to which comes the project of exchanging the
Consols taken by the. Bank for Exchequer bills at the
time of Lord Monteagle's conversion, both interests
being, it is said, about to be brought to market. Front
the same authority we extract the following:—
" An impression having gone abroad that it was the
intention of the Bank to take money at six per cent,
thereby becoming borrowers on discount, instead of
lenders, it may be useful to state the Circumstance which
Aare rise to the report. An offer was made to the
Bank by a firm of great resources and of the highest re-
spectability in the City, to rediscount some of its paper
which the Bank held at the same rate at which the Bank
had discounted it, namely, at six per cent. ; this offer hay-
ing been made by the firm to whom we allude, for the
purpose of advantageously and safely employing some of
its surplus funds which it found to be accumulating ra-
pidly. It is this circumstance which has given rise to the
report of the intention of the Bank to take up money at
six per cent. ; a report obviously absurd, as the effect of
such a proceeding would evidently be to cause the deposits
in the Bank to be drawn out and re-deposited at six per
cent interest."

There may be, and probably is, some truth in what
is here set forth ; but we have heard the same matter
somewhat differently explained. It was stated that the
Bank having last week discounted more largely for one
of the great money houses in Lombard-street than they
were quite disposed to do, and that as a large propor-
tion of the sum remained unappropriated, the surplus
was offered to be returned to .the Bank, or, in other
words, a proposition was made to the Directors for the
withdrawal of a portion of the same paper upon which
the discounts had been afforded.

The Globe repeats the report which the Courier very
properly treats as an absurdity, with the addition :

- The Bank has put an end to the 3 per cent. agree-
ments with those country banks which had consented not to
issue their own notes, but to use Bank_of England paper,
to be supplied to them in certain amounts, at 3 per cent.
per annum interest. These banks may still have Bank of
England notes at 6 per cent. interest, and the Bank of
England allows them a small commission, said to be per
cent. per annum, on the average annual amount of notes
they can keep in circulation. It is probable this will
remove another cause of embarrassment to the Bank of
England, in her endeavour to regulate the currency."
We leave our readers to make what they can of these
contradictory, and, many of them, unreasonable state•
ments. Our Contemporaries have, we dare say, at
least equal opportunities with ourselves of penetrating
into the mysteries of the Corporation. If there be
anything at all special going on in the parlour, we are,
we confess, ignorant of the fact. Messrs. Rothschild
have, it is well known, been lately supplying the Bank
of England with very large amounts of sovereigns ; and
it will, we rather think, turn out that the only bills
which have been re-issued by the establishment are
such as have been placed with those gentlemen under
an arrangement mutually satisfactory, in payment for
the same—the object being, of course, not to contract,
but to avoid increasing the note circulation at the pre-
sent crisis.

There was once more an advance in the price of
grain in Mark-lane. This was doubtless regarded by
the moneyed interests as an unfavourable token, and as
one which furnishes grounds for apprehending a re-
opening of the ports at the nominal rate of duty at no
very distant period.

The Bank of France has just lowered its price for
the purchase of gold from 7 to 5 francs premium per
mille, or about per cent. This measure will not only
prevent the melting down of the sovereigns at present
in Paris, but, by reducing their value on the Continent,
it will have the effect of hastening their re-exportation
to England. The return of sovereigns from France
has now for some weeks past been proceeding steadily,
and their exportation frem hence has ceased long ago.

TIMES.—The " re-discounting" ascribed by com-
mon report to the Bank of England on Saturday is
now said to be limited to some transactions with the
leading discount brokers, who have taken back certain
bills discounted a short time previously, and have been
allowed interest upon them at the rate originally stipu-
lated for. As this differs in no degree from what
bankers term a " re-discount," the rumour adverted to
must be allowed to have had a tolerably good founda-
tion. At the same time, the assertion is made in quar-
ters connected with the Bank, that the matter is to end
here, and that these are the only transactions of the
kind that are to be permitted. This remains to be
proved, but the principle is not the less to be con-
demned, as both an encouragement to speculation and
a departure from sound management, of which the
example ought not to have been set by the Bank of
England.
Private letters from Paris notice the arrival in that
city of a member of the house of Baring and Co., the
object of whose visit was said to be to enter into nego-
ciations with the Bank of France and the French
merchants concerned for a renewal of the terms of the
operation formerly arranged on deposit of security
against the provisional advance of 2,000,000/. It was
feared that his proposition would not be acceded to; as
popular feeling was strongly excited against it, and the
press, with scarcely an exception, decried it. It was
almost feared the Government might interfere with the
Bank to refuse acquieicence in.the face of such demon-
strations of its unpopularity. The October settlement
at the Stock Exchange was proceeding quietly, and so
easy was money, that the continuation to next account
day on the Three per Cents. was only. 15 centimes, or
at the rate of not quite 2 per cent. per annum; whilst in
the Five per Cents. it was at par—that isathe• prices
for money and account were the same.

CHRONICLE —We stated on Saturday that the
Bank of England were willing to re-discount bills with
the brokers at 6 per cent., for the purpose of contract-
ing the circulation ; but we understand that they con-
fined their proposals to sums of 50,0001., and there is
no truth in the rumours given by the Times that they
had made offers for "loans," nor indeed is th *re any-
thing " new" in the transaction, as the Bank Directors
have had recourse to the same expedient on former
occasions. This offer will tend to maintain the high
rates of discount, and as those at Hamburg and Paris
are only about four per cent. the Directors probably
expect that merchants engaged in the foreign trade
will send their paper to those places, and thus a fund
will be created to draw upon, which will assist in turn-
ing the reflux of gold back to this country, money
continues in the sume demand as on Saturday. The
amount of bills which fell due to-day was necessarily
limited in consequence of the general contraction of bu-
siness, and no ;apprehensions were entertained about
them. Exchequer Bills are heavy.
u
high p wrhic ich s
for the teas passed for
subsequently offered, and the withdrawal was done at At the tea sale in Mincing-lane to-day,15,012 pack-
ages were offered for competition, 4,.500 of which only
were sold, and 6,300 withdrawn. The withdrawal of
ssaolelalrigade athperoepfattioonf pofrotchuericing
high prices. The Congous and Souchongs were suld
at 2d. to 3d. dearer than the October sale, Orange
Pekoe 4d. dearer, Twankays lid. dearer, and Hysons
3d. to 4d.

HERALD.—Considerable sensation has been ex-
cited amongst our monetary and commercial interests,
by the announcement of a Morning Contemporary, that
the members of the I3ank parlour had devised a new
mode of contracting the circulation—namely, by " tak-
ing loans of money by tatateve,r, parties they may be
offered, at the rate of 6 per cent."
An operation of this nature would amount to nothing
more than the baneful practice of re-discounting, so con-
trary to all sound principles of banking. We believe that
the rumour upon which this peculiar statement was
founded arose out of the transpiring of the fact, that over-
tures had been made by a firm of the highest standing
and very great resources, to re-discount any paper held
by the Bank at the same rate at which the direction had
themselves discounted i:—namely, 6 per cent. There is

no doubt but that a firm of the magnitude to which we
refer would be happy thus to accommodate the bank with
its surplus capital. But to re-discount paper at the samo
rate it was discounted, although something might be gained
in the reduction of the time which those bills had to
run, would, at the end of the year, show but a very
Flemish account. Without, however, dwelling upon the
policy of such dealing, we can state, in the most positive
terms, that the Bank has not adopted any such plan of
curtailing their circulation—and more, that at present it
is not contemplated.
The only operation attempted by the Bank to con-
trol the Continental exchanges has been the late nego-
tiation with the Bank of France fora supply of bullion.
That source is not et exhausted, and our remarks
yesterday fully explain all the difficulties attending a
negotiation when the tide of lyallion does not freely
turn towards this country by a single operation as it
were.

The chief causes for the unfavourable state of the
exchanges may thus be enumerated :
First, the late heavy imports of corn have already
absorbed, on the whole, about 8,000,000 sterling ; the
exports of manufactures from hence to the Continent,
while this has been going on, bas been about 6,000,000 ;
from that, deduct 3,000,000 of credit from the Bank
France, used on account of bullion, and add nearly
1,000,000 absorbed by over-due American paper,
making a total of about 12,000,000 sterling absorbed
by transactions that must be represented in gold.
To remedy this most important existing evil, there is
a strong feeling with practical men that the Bank of
England should open further credit accounts for bullion
with the principal leading banks of the Continent, in
order effectually to obtain a sure and safe mode of
equalising the exchanges of Europe, in preference to any
other operation. That thelßank must provide for its
Continental credit, with its own circulating medium
here, there is no doubt. Under a partial operation of
this nature, to which we have before alluded, there may
be some hazard of success ; it is, however, very feasible
that a more extended or universal junction with the
leading banks of Europe might produce that equalisa-
tion in the exchanges which would at once relieve the
Bank and our vast commercial community from jeopardy,
if any really prevails. We do not profess or assume to
be the organ of the Bank of England, but, without
transgressing the truth, we may conclude by stating
that the Bank direction have every confidence_that the
Money Market will assume a better appearance, and
that they will be able, at present, to struggle against
the " system" which has fixed them in their present
position.
Money has been much in demand to-day in the Dis-
coUnt Markets, but we have heard of no unfavourable
result in consequence.
Some of the latest commercial accounts from Calcutta
give a few curious but important particulars arising out
of the late seizure of opium by the Chinese.
It appears that the consigners of opium in Bengal,
having taken legal opinions, have resolved to hold their
consignees liable for giving up their consignments of the
drug to Superintendent Elliot, without their authority ;
and in turn, it is understood that the consignees will
look to Captain Elliot for reparation ; thus, out of this
peculiar transaction some very intricate legal proceed-
ings may be anticipated.

One fatal result, arising out of the existing interrup-
tion of our direct traffic with the Chinese nation, is,
that it has opened the door for a temporary carrying on
of trade with American bottoms.

Great complaint continues to be made by the mer-
chants and the newspaper proprietors of Calcutta of
the irregularity in the management, by the Post-
office authorities at Bombay, of the Post-office dawk,
the letters and papers by the June mail from
England being only delivered at Calcutta in six
different despatches, and some of them in a very
dirty, torn condition. Some Post-office exactions have
also called forth some severe remarks. It appears
that all letters coming from Bombay to Calcutta about
the same time as the overland mail, marked as skip
letters, but having no English post-mark, are charged,
besides the Bombay postage, an extra sum, on the pre-
sumption that they must b letters sent out by the mail
from Suez, or some other intermediate place between
England and Bombay, and therefore liable to the com-
pany's share of the overland postage plus the Bombay
postage. It must strike every one that there must be
some very blundering management in the India Post-
office Department. Complaints of this nature were
made several months ago ; it now seems they must have
been passed over by the Board of Control and the
Leadenhall.street authorities.

SUN.—The demand for money has been rather exten-
sive to-day. We understand, however, that though a very
large amount of bills (this being the 4th of the month)
arrived at maturity, still, comparatively speaking, but
few were dishonoured. The statement put into cir-
culation by some of our Contemporaries, that the
Bank of England have expressed their desire to become
bort owers of money at 6 per cent, interest, from the capi-
talists of the City, rest's only on this fact : A large dis-
count house in Lombard street, last week, tendered a
larger amount of Bills to the Bank for discount than
usual, but the whole quantity was taken. The
house in question found afterwards that they had a
superabundance of money, and offered to take back
from the Bank a portion of the bills previously sent in
to the Directors, at the rate of 6 per cent., which was
agreed to ; out of this simple transaction the assertion
was foanded that the Bank of England had become
borrowers of money.

The result of this day's sale of teas is that nearly
8,000 chests have passed, and at prices from 2d. to 3d.
per lb. higher. The demand has been very brisk.
The deliveries of tea last week were very nearly
430,0001b5.
Money was scarce to-day on the Stock Exchange,
nevertheless Consols rose in the afternoon to 904 for
the Account, and to 904 for Money. The prices of
Exchequer Bills closed heavily at 8 discount, and of
India Bonds at 7 discount. East India Stock rose to
2491.
The pressure upon the Foreign Stock Market was
severe to-day, partly arising out of the sales to balance the
accounts of a defaulter, who was announced on Saturday
afternoon last. In theafternoon the Bonds rose from 264 to
to 274. Portuguese Stock closed extremely heavy at
311 for the Five per Cents., and at 2li for the Three
per Cents. The parties who have speculated for a rise
in the expectation that the consolidatory plan of B iron
Lagos would be adopted, will be heavy losers. Dutch
and other Foreign Stocks left off a trifle better than
they were in the middleof the day.
London and Brighton Railway Shares have fallen
this afternoon to 13. dis. ; London and Birmingham
to 50 prem ; North Midland to 6 dis.; and Midland
Counties to 26 dis.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
(From the Times.)
An evening print, now happily the only one whose
vile and venal support is systematically hired out to the
Whigs, as vile and venal as itself, has been emphati-
cally branded, not by a Conservative adversary observe,
but by a respectable section of the Liberal press, with
the stigma of " enormous lying." These, it must be
owned, are hard and painful words ; nor would any
cultivated person think of applying them even to the
most inveterate romancers, and still less to practitioners
of merely questionable veracity, except upon such in-
controvertible evidence as would obviously render the
suppression of those terms a substantial injury to the
interests of truth and of social life. It does not do to
mince matters with characters of a certain stamp.
To speak of their deflections in the language of arti-
ficial civility is virtually an encouragement of their
audacity ; and while forbearance, in such circum-
stances, has a tendency to embolden their villany,
with the belief that they have escaped detection,
it is apt to produce extensive mischief, by allow-
ing their impostures to enjoy a successful cur-
rency among the unwary and less discerning. Never,
heretofore, has any newspaper on this side the At-
lantic pursued such a desperate career of infamy and
falsehood as during the last few years has disgraced
the journal in question. Its whole establishment, from
principal to 'prentice, exhibits a frightful deficiency of
the moral sense, compared with which the fabulous
frailties of Pinto, Munchausen, and Longbow, are
triumphant passports to Heaven. Disperse its types
as thoroughly as you please, their alacrity in the service
of this lying oracle is such, that at the touch of its com-
positors' sticks, they almost seem to rush incontinently
into endless forms of mendacity. In a word, we may
affirm, without exaggeration, that its printing-office has
latterly become the principal business-place of the father
of lies himself, where that active and accommodating
tradesman gives out, that he " executes all sorts
of orders with the utmost dispatch ;" that he does
so " on the most reasonable terms ;" that by Royal
letters, he is " exclusive patentee for modern " Whig
inventions ;" and " (N. 8.) has no connexion
with any other shop." As a specimen of the transac-
tions of that noted concern, we give an instance which
occurred only on Saturday, in reference to an alleged
change of views upon the education question imputed to
the Conservatives and the Church. For some time
past various unequivocal symptoms have presented them-
selves to every vigilant observer, that the Whigs finding
their utter inability to carry their educational nostrums
into operation as these were originally propounded, have
been artfully endeavouring so to remould and churchily
them, as, while cunningly avoiding any appearance of
change, might have the effect of mitigating the hostility
both of the Conservatives and the clergy. Thus the
allotment of the Parliamentary grant to the General
Assembly, which the Whigs had declared their inten-
tion of transferring from the Lords of the Treasury to
their Privy Council Committee upon Education, has been
quietly restored to its primary channel of distribution,
leaving the Church of Scotland to apply the money, as
she is entitled to do, without the interference of any
secular board whatever. Again, their proposed system
of inspectorship, which at first exhibited no defined cha-
racter either as to the religious principles or the specific
duties of the agents, has latterly been modified to this
extent, that the visiters of such Church of England
schools as may receive aid from Government shall, in

A menial Ministerial print of Sunday, whose paltri-
nessis echoed by the servile Chronicle of yesterday.
calls for all manner of vengeance upon certain officers of
the army who presumed to attend a Conservative dinner
at Ashton, where Mr. John Roby made a speech ex-
ceedingly uncomplimentary to Ministers. This is the
" liberality" of Whigs. We never heard it slid under a
Tory Government that officers of the army ought to he
cashiered or even censured for Whiggery. One of the
officers who attended at Ashton, and the only one who
