THE SUN, LONDiN, TUESDAY, JUNE 11, 1839.

say the misrepresentations, of the Honourable
Member who bad just down.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
The Hon. Member had triumphantly stated that the
Vagrancy Act had been repealed. Why, it never sug-
gested itself to the acute mind of the Learned Member
for Ripon, that the 35th Charles 11., chap. 11. was
repealed by the Gth George IV., chap. 17, but that the
Act was virtually repealed by subsequent enactments ;
nd if the Hon, Member ha exerc
dour, he would have found that it was as to the poor-
aw that the repeal applied, not as to the vagrancy,
upon which the Judge and Attorney-General stated
that the Acts of Charles 11. were in force.—(Hear,
hear.) The decision of the House would, he
(Sir G. Grey) hoped, remove the possibility
of the continuance of that oppression ivhich at
present was produced by the old laws, in opera-
tion in Jamaica, in the event of the Assembly
refusing to legislate, or legislating in that spirit which
was far worse than not legislating at all—the spirit of
slavery which clung to abolished tyranny.—(Cheers.)
Nothing could be more fatally injurious in its effect
upon the minds of the negroes, than the feeling of un-
certainty as to their freedom from such oppression, and
the security of their civil rights ; and nothing could
more certainly conduce to the ultimate ruin of the
colony.—(Cheers.)

. •
Mr. GLADStONE confessed himself to have been
in error in the hasty statement he had made.—(Hear,
hear.) The question, however, really was, whether
these Acts of Charles 11. had been repealed ; if they
had, cedat questio ; if not, why not introduce enactments
to set the doubt at rest, instead of offering a general
insult to the Assembly ?—(Hear.)
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL contended that the
statute of Charles 11., about which they had heard so
much that evening, was not repealed. He was aware
that it was rather difficult to obtain the attention of the
House to nice legal distinctions, but it appeared to him
it was of great importance that the question should be
set at rest, and so far as his legal knowledge went, the
second section of the Act of Charles 11. applied to a
different class of persons from those to whom the later
Act referred.

Mr. GOULBURN would not enter into the legal
argument which had been discussed by the Hon. and
Learned Member who preceded him. He would merely
remark that the Right Hon. gentleman had given no
authority or grounds for the position he had advanced.
—(Hear, hear.) The present measure, it appeared to
him, would be even more obnoxious to the people of
Jamaica, and to the House of Assembly of the colony
than the previous one. The clause now under discus-
sion contained the obnoxious provision that the exist-
ence of the House of Assembly should depend upon
their passing certain measures within a certain time.
If the present Bill was sent out in its original shape it
would create the greatest exasperation and disgust
there. On these grounds he should give his decided
support to the Right Hon. Gentleman's amendment.
_ _

Mr. S HEIL rose amidst loud cries of " Question,
Divide." The question between the two parties ap-
peared to him to reduce itself to this—Was it neces-
sary to do more than pass the second clause ? Now
the Right Hon. Gentleman admitted that the second
clause with some modifications was indispensible—that
some interposition with the House of Assembly was
absolutely necessary. That being admitted the House
would see to what that admission of the Right Hon.
Gentleman led. The Right Hon. Gentleman by ad-
mitting the second clause, confessed that an interference
on the part of the Imperial Parliament was indispen-
sible. By admitting that the old laws must be revived,
he condemned the conduct of the House of Assembly.
Upon the conduct of the House of Assembly, there-
fore, he pronounced an unequivocal censure. Now if
the second clause were necessary, was it not worth while
to inquire whether the first be not equally so ? The
case made out by the Right Hon. Gentleman was that
it was necessary to revive old laws, but that it was
not necessary to enact new ones. Now that opinion had
not been given as a legal one, for when the Right
Hon. Gentleman appeared in an extra-forensic charac-
ter—when he did not speak as a judge but as a partisan
—he (Mr. Sheil) was not disposed to concede to him
that acquiescence which he would in another and a
better place.—(Much laughter.) The Right Hon.
Gentleman had denounced the Prisons' Bill. He (Mr.
Sheil) could not help asking himself what was the
course the Right Hon. Gentleman had taken
in that measure. It was admitted that the
Prisons' Act was an infringement on the rights
of the House of Assembly, and an invasion of the
principles upon which its Constitution was based. Did
the Right Hon. and Learned Gentleman oppose that
measure ? On:the contrary it was passed without ob-
jection, and almost unanimously. It invaded the rights
of the House of Assembly, as much as the present Bill,
and yet it had not been opposed. Now if the old laws
were required to be revived, was it not equally im-
portant that new laws should be enacted for the new
state of things, which was likely to arise ? The House
of Assembly had itself admitted the necessity of pass-
ing laws for the prevention of vagrancy, and of renew-
ing the annual laws which were about to expire. It
appeared, therefore, that the House of Assembly ad-
mitted the necessity of some enactment like the pre-
sent. Under these circumstances, the House would
not, in his opinion, be doing its duty if it did not pass
that clause.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw and the
House divided, when the numbers were—
For the clause 228
For E. Sugden's amendment 194
Majority for the clause —34
The announcement of the numbers was received with
loud cheering from the Ministerial benches.
The other clauses were then agreed to, and the
House resumed.
SUPREME COURTS BILL.

On the Order of the Day for the further considera-
tion of the Report on this Bill,
Mr. WALLACE expressed a decided objection to
its provisions, especially regarding the increased salaries
given to the Judges ; and he moved that it be farther
considered that day six months.

Air. F. Al AtiLE believed that his Honourable
Friend proposed the amendment merely as a salvo to
his conscience, and would certainly not divide the
House against a:Bill which had been so well considered,
and generally agreed to.

Mr. WALLACE said he did not require any salvo

to his conseience—(A. laugh)—and he ihould take the
sense of the House against the Bill on the third read-
ing. For the present he withdrew his amendment.
The Report was then agreed to.
• METROPOLITAN POLICE BILL.

Colonel SIBTHORP complained of the con-
duct of the Government respecting it. They
had struck out the City clauses, forsooth, because
they were weak ; not so weak, though, as he wished—
(Cheers and laughter)—yet so weak that they were
forced to truckle to all sides of the House for support

—sometimes to the Conservative side, without whose
aid they would have been " regularly floored" many a
time.—(Loud laughter.) The Gallant Colonel moved
that the Bill be committed that day six months.
Nobody seconded the Amendment, and amidst con-
siderable laughter, the forsaken Colonel gravely left his
seat and took that by the side of Sir R. Peel, to the
evident annoyance of the Right Hon. Baronet.
The House then went into Committee on the Bill.

Clauses up to 10 were, after a few verbal amend-
ments, agreed to.
On clause 11 being read, which defined the limits of
the operation of the Bill to be " within twelve miles
of Charing-cross,"
Sir ROBERT PEEL objected to defining the limits

with so much accuracy ; for instance, a portion of a
parish might be the radius, while the other portion of
it might extend to fifteen or sixteen miles. How, in
such a case, could they assess a police rate.
After a few words from Lord J. RUSSELL and
Captain WOOD the clause was agreed to.
The subsequent clauses, up to 19, which related to
the jurisdiction of the Lord Mayor in the City of Lon-
don, were then struck out.
On clause 20, Mr. LAW objected to the words
" Police courts," as seeming to imply that the Courts
which it was the object of the Police Courts' Bill to
establish were actually in existence.
Ultimately the word " courts" was changed to
offices."
Mr. W AKL EY objected to further proceedings

was then a quarter of an hour past twelve), and on the
motion of Mr. Brotherton, the Chairman reported pro-
gress, and had leave to sit again—with a remark from
Col. Sibthorp that he wishe the House might never
sit again upon the Bill.
On the motion of Mr. V. STUART the Waterford
Fever Hospital Bill was reported.
The Bishops' Residence Bill was committed.
The Windsor Castle Stables Bill was read asecond time.
The Clerks of the Peace Bill was read a third time
and passed.
The Report on the High Sheriffs' Expenses Bill was
presented, as was the Bankrupts' (Ireland) Bill.
The Double and Treble Costs Bill was read a third
time and passed.
The nomination of the Committee on the Fresh
Fruit Trade was moved by Mr. T. HODGES, as fol-
lows :—Mr. Hodges, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Villiers, Sir
E. Knatchbull, Mr. Thornely, Mr. Ewart, Mr. Planta,
Mr. Kinnaird, Lord Viscount Mahon, Mr. C. Caven-
dish, Mr. Hutt, Major Wood, Lord Ashley, Mr.
Lascelles, and Mr. John Parker.
Mr. PLUMPTRE wondered that more country
Members were not nominated, considering the object of
the Committee. He moved the insertion of Mr. Darby's
name.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
believed it was not in the power of the Hon. Member to
move the appointment of any Member without notice.
Mr. WAKLEY was sorry to see the question of
cheap and good fruit invested with the odious features
of the Corn•laws.—(Hear, hear.) The people of
England were not allowed to have cheap bread, and now
it was attempted to deprive them of cheap and whole-
some fruit, which a liberal concession on the part of
Government, a short time since, conferred upon them.
The Committee was then appointed.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of,
and the House adjourned at a Quarter to One o'Clock.

POST OFFICE REFORM.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sta,—lt is with pleasure I perceive that the Govern-
ment intend to propose Mr. Rowland Hill's plan of
Post Office Reform for the adoption of Parliament.
That plan is conceived in a masterly spirit, and the pro-
visions suggested for carrying it into effective operation
are characterized by intelligibility and simplicity such
as increase its practical nature. But ina:much as the
plan suggested by Mr. Hill is calculated to effect such
lasting benefit to society, by moralizing its members
and, thereby, making them happier men and better
citizens, it becomes of great importance, that the plan
should be thoroughly sifted, and its details accurately,
examined, in order to prevent the growth of any evils
which may be attendant upon its adoption. For it is
often the case, that a scheme, noble and practical in
itself, is destroyed by the details not being in accord-
ance with the principle. It, therefore, becomes the
duty of all who perceive any defect attached to such a
plan as Mr. Hill's, to point it out, and suggest the ap-
priate remedy.

Actuated by this view it is that I disagree with
the proposition for the transmission of letters
within stamped covers, and I would suggest the
propriety of allowing letters to be sent as at present,
but that the postage should be paid before transmis-
sion, as proposed by Mr. Hill. By the adoption of
this suggestion much expense would be prevented—
namely the expense of the envelopes, and the expendi-
ture which would be continually recurring by the abra-
sion of the stamps, and the necessary manufacture of
new ones, together with the printer's wages. It may
be said that the adoption of my suggestion would occa-
sion more trouble to the district Post-office keeper ; but,
as by Mr. It. Hill's plan,
he would have to sell the
stamped covers, it could not be much more troublesome
for him to receive the penny with the letter, than to
purchase the stamps at the General Post-office, and
then sell them to the letter-writer. This plan would
also prevent the forgery of stamps which the adoption
of stamped covers would probably occasion. The
price of the proposed cover is certainly small, but yet,
as the expense of forging a large quantity would be far
over balanced by the profit, it would offer an open field
for the exploits of those gentlemen who prefer living at
the expense of others to manual labour. These re-
marks are offered in no cynical spirit, but because I de-
sire that Mr. Rowland 11:11's honourable labours may
be productive of these advantages which they are cal-
culated to produce, and I am, Sir, yours truly,
2, Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn.

L. J. HYTCHE.

MORTALITY

AND SUICIDE IN

THE ARMY.

The following details will tend to remove some very
erroneous impressions relative to the proportion of
deaths and suicides among the British troops, as com-
pared with those among the other classes of the com-
munity. According to a paper read at the Statistical
Society, on the 20th of May, drawn up by Mr. Lever,
from Major Tulloch's " Report on the Sickness and
Mortality among the Troops in the United Kingdom,"
the average ratio of mortality among the Dragoon
Guards and Dragoons is found to be somewhat more
than 15 per thousand annually, and the ratio of sui
tides to the deaths, 1 in 28 of the whole ; while the
mortality among Civilians is calculated at IES per
1,000, and the suicides at 1 in 110 of the deaths.
By comparing, however, the number of deaths
to the population in large towns where the troops
are generally quartered, it is found that the ratio is
somewhat greater among civilians than among the mili-
tary. In Liverpool, Glasgow, Leeds, &c., the propor-
tion of deaths between the age of 20 and 30 is 16, and
between 30 and 40, 18, while among the troops, even
up to the age of 45, it is not more than 153-10ths per
1,000. The large proportion of suicides in the army is,
to a certain extent accounted for, by the fact that self-
destruction rarely occurs among persons under the age
of 18, and are by no means so frequent among females
as males. It will be interesting to compare the
tendency to self-destruction in the army, with the pro-
portion of suicides in civil life, in different countries, as
stated by M. Quetelet

France there is 1 suicide annually to 18,000 inhab.
Prussia 1••• ••• 14,404
Austria
••• ••• 20,900
Russia 1"• ••• 49,182
State of New York 1 ... „.. 7,797
State of Boston 1 12,500
State of Baltimore 1 ... 13,656
State of Philadelphia 1 ' 15,875
Dragoon Guards
and Dragoons of 1
the U.K.
_ _

1,274

In cities where a large
proportion of military are
quartered, the ratio of suicides is greater than in the
whole population of a country, but still much below
that among our troops. - In the department of the
Seine (Paris), between 1817 and 1825, the suicides
averaged annually 1 in 2,400 inhabitants ; in Berlin,
from 1813 to 1822, 1 in 2,941 ; in Geneva, from 1820
to 1826, 1 in 3,900 ; and in London 1 in 5,000 inhabi-

tants. Assuming, therefore, the very highest average
in civil life in this country, suicides are at least five times
as numerous among the military. At the same time, we
must bear in mind that instances ofself-destruction rarely
occur among persons under the age of eighteen, and are
by no means sq frequent among females aErnales, which
circumstances must materially influence any comparison
between its prevalence among a population of all ages
and sexes, and a select body of troops from eighteen to
forty years of age.

According to -a
statement made by General Paixhans
in the French Chamber of Deputies, a few days ago,
the mortalityinithe French army is considerably'greater.
In civil life about 12 in 1,000 of persons of 20 years
of age die annually, and 11 in 1,000 of those between
20 and 30, nhile of the young soldiers who enter
the army when about 20 years of age, not less
than 75 in 1,000 die annually. The proportion
of deaths decreases after the first year up to
the fifth. Of those who have been in the army
two years 65 to 1,000 die ; of those who have been
three years, 52 die ; and the proportion goes on de-
creasing to the fifth years, when 30 in 1,000 die an-
nually. Since the army went to Algiers 80in every
1,000 have died of disease ; out of 200,000 French
soldiers sent to Algiers, or remaining there for six years,
16,500 have died.

honour on •a liberal Government and a Reformed Par-
liament, and well might her Majesty in one of her first
speeches from the throne express her delight at such
an auspicious commencement of her reign.

SCARCITY OF SEAMEN.—There is at present
a scarcity of seamen in Liverpool. The scarcity is chiefly
owing to the sailings having been numerous and the ar-
rivals few, the easterly winds having now prevailed for
several weeks. We have heard of outward-bound vessels

having been prevented from sailing for several days from a
want of hands.—Liverpool Albion.
Up to this day there have been thirteen skeletons
dug out of the ruins of Newark Castle ; and the workmen
arc now digging up a pavement that is expected to lead to
a subterraneous passage.—Doncaster Gazette.
As two countrymen, who had come to Notting-
ham to see the opening of the railway, on Tuesday last,
were taking a view of Nottingham Market-place, the
attention of one of them was directed to a tradesman's

board, where Royal Lace Depot was over his door,
which led him to remark to his companion, that " it was
funny enough to see carriages go without horses, but
laced teapots was past baeating."—Doncaster Gazette.
THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS DORlA.—Their
Highnesses and suite are expected every day in London,
on their way to Alton Towers. Two beautiful carriages
have been built for them in town, and much English fur-
niture has been already despatched to the sumptuous
palaces of the Doria family at Rome and Genoa. All
.the splendid jewels of this illustrious house have been re-
mounted for the Princess Doria, late Lady Mary Talbot,
who will wear the accumulated gems of many centuries,
and become mistress of the most magnificent set ofjewels
in Europe. The size and beauty of some of the diamonds
and other stones are extraordinary.

THE ROBBERY IN NEW BOND-STREET.-It
will be recollected that on Sunday last, between four and
five o'clock in the evening, the house of Mr. Reynolds, a
silk-mercer, No. 14, New Bond-street, was, during the
absence of the family, robbed of property to a very consider-
able amount. It appeared that a female was left in charge
of the house, but a young man, named Frederick Syret,
also in the service of Mr. Reynolds, told her that he had a
friend coming to spend the evening with him, and that she
might go and take a walk if she pleased. She did so, and
during her absence the robbery was committed. Amongst
the property stolen were one 401. note, five 101. notes, and
six 5/. notes. Mr. Reynolds offered a reward of 401. for
the apprehension of Syret, and the discovery of the property.
The police, having received the necessary information,
yesterday ( Sunday) morning, Sergeant Langly, No. 11
of the A division, succeeded in apprehending Syret, and
two other persons in an obscure house in New-street,
Tyre-street, Vauxhall, into which they had removed only
the day before, considerable property was found on the
premises, and on the person of one of the men were found
sixty-eight sovereigns and a half. In one of the rooms
were found two trunks full of skeleton keys and various
other implements used by house breakers, a dark lantern,
a pistol and several percussion caps were also found; the
prisoners and property were removed by the police in two
hackney coaches to the station house, Gardner's-lane,
Westminster, to await an examination before the Police
Magistrates. A sufficient number of the police were in
attendance as a determined resistance was expected:

-----
CANTERBURY HOPS.—WC never recollect to
have heard a more cheerless account from our country
friends than the one that prevails of the plantation in this
neighbourhood. In the deep soils of Wingham and
Boughton (two opposite points) the early shoot has been
removed from the poles in consequence of the serious
damage done by the frosts, and the succeeding
cold nights have so retarded the growth of the
second shoots, that in many instances the blues
cannot be tied to the poles. The fieas, which in many
gardens abound, have also done almost irreparable mis-
chief. The poorer soils partake of all these evils, and
are looking weak and yellow. In our immediate vicinity,
where the gardens are highly cultivated, there is a good
appearance of bine, but many of our plantations are sickly,
and flies to the number of four and five have been seen upon
a leaf. The present fine weather is however in their fa-
vour. At Cranbrook the plantations, although the bine
received a partial injury from the frosty nights in the mid-
dle of May, are generally speaking, looking well, and the
recent showers and warm atmosphere is congenial to their
progress.—Kent Herald.
DEATH or DR. COOPER.—A paragraph from
a recent number of the National Intelligencer announces
the death of Dr. Thomas Cooper, formerly a barrister,
residing in Manchester, and who emigrated, partly on ac-
count of his political opinions, about the year 1793, and has
since resided in the United States, where for several years
he filled the situation of Judge of one of the American
Courts, but, we believe, was ;dismissed or compelled to
resign in consequence of having committed to custody a
man who pertinaciously refused to take off his hat in court.
The Doctor was afterwards for many years professor of
chemistry, at Columbia College. The following is the
account of his death :—" A letter to the editors, from a
friend at Columbia, under date May 11, informs us that
the venerable Dr. Thomas Cooper died on the morning
of that day, after a protracted illness of the dropsy, in the
80th year of his age. For the last twenty years ho had
been a resident of Columbia."

COMPANION TO TIIE STORIES OF WATER-
Loo.—" TORRES VEDRAS ; OR, STORIES OF WELLINGTON'S
CAMPAIGNS."—The mixture of fact and fiction in these

tales of military experience, makes an agreeable Olio.
Dr. Millingen tells a story pleasantly, has a strong tastef or
the marvellous as well as the droll, and possesses just so
much skill in the description, as enables him to give a pic-
turesque back-ground to the motley adventures of the
French, English, and Portuguese, before the lines of
Torres Vedras. The time was full of excitement—the
actions were numerous and variously contrasted—there
were, in addition to the camp, the guard-house, and muni-
cipal barracks, churches, monasteries, and convents, and
which, with monks, nuns, and Guerilla skirmishes, love
stratagems, and revelry, the volumes arc thickly crowded
from the first page to the last, with an incessant variety of
figures and scenes. There are, altogether, sixteen stories,
anecdotes, or sketches in the volumes. They will enable
the reader to form a clear notion of the peculiar character-

istics of military life, and especially of the kind of life to
which our soldiers were destined in the Peninsular
campaigns.
BRISTOL SUGAR-MARKET, JUNE 7.—Sugars
are become very flat and Is. per cwt. lower. It still con-
tinues an awkward trade for both grocers and refiners, and
there is such a general want of confidence in the stability
of present rates, and indisposition to purchase, that nothing
but the great firmness of the importers maintains prices as
they are. If circumstances eventually prove that their
views are correct, there cannot be much further deprecia-
tion; but if, on the contrary, those are right who differ
from these views, and assert that, though the import will
be late, it will yet be not materially short of past years,
sugars must be considerably lower. In the mean time it
will be an unsettled, fluctuating, unprofitable trade. The
stock in London on May 31, 1839, was 6,000 hhds. more
than in 1833, and the average price 9s. per cwt. higher;
in ordinary circumstances this fact would, of itself, produce
an immense change,—Bristol Mercury.
SHOCKING OCCURRENCE.—It is our unplea-
sant duty to record another attempt at the destruction
of human lifa in this town ( Reading), of even a mere
appalling character than the atrocious case of stabbing,
which occurred on the 27th ult. It is a case in which
a husband has, as we fear the event will prove, deprived
his wife of existence, under circumstances that must sub-
ject him to the charge and consequences of wilful mur-
der. Henry Corderoy, by trade a baker, resident in
Somers Town, formerly a miller of the County Gaol
Mill, and of the Mapledurham Mill, Oxon (who is nearly
sixty years of age), was, on Wednesday afternoon last,
on his return from delivering bread to his customers, ques-
tioned by his wife respecting two letters addressed to him,
from some married woman, which had fallen into her pos-
session. An altercation ensued, on which Corderoy pro-
ceeded to a bureau, from which he took a pistol, and pre-
senting it at his wife, fired; a ball entered just under the
right eye, and is supposed to have taken a downward di-
rection, as any other must have produced instant death.
An alarm was instantly given, and the police arriving, Cor-
deroy was taken into custody, and removed to the Borough
Bridewell. Medical aid was immediately obtained, and
every attention paid by four professional gentlemen, but all
attempts to extract the ball have failed. On Thursday
morning Corderoy underwent an examination before the
Mayor and Borough Magistrates, but was remanded until
Monday next, when he will be finally committed. The
unfortunate woman.rernains in a most critical and hopeless
state; at intervals, expressing a wish to see her husband.
Reading Mercury.
A MAL-APROPOS STATEMENT.—Not only at
the meeting of Chartists, but at other meetings, wild and
incautious statements and expressions escape enthusiastic
speakers, calculated to do much mischief; and even calm
and religious persons, when acting under strong prejudices,
are apt to make statements and impute motives very wide
of truth. A remarkable instance (says the Shrewsbury Chro-
nicle) occurred at a public meeting held in this town on
Thursday, at which Sir R. Jenkins, Chairman of the East
India Company, presided.—One of the (Reverend)
speakers, on the authority of a printed statement in
the Report of a Bristol Society, and forgetting in
whose presence he was standing, uttered the startling
assertion, that the English East India Company had
sent to the Pope for a band of Romish Priests to be
sent to Calcutta to establish the Roman Religion in
the capital of our Indian dominions, and that the
Pope hailed this request as full evidence of the desire
of England to return to the Romish faith ! Immediately on
this assertion being made, Sir R. Jenkias, the Chairman
rose and said :—" As Chairman of the East India Com-
pany, I rise to give the Rev. Gentleman's statement a flat
and unqualified contradiction. I deny most distinctly the
truth of any such application ever having been made by
the East India Company."
BENTLEY'S MISCELLANY FOR JUNE.--Under
the able guidance of Mr. Ainsworth, Bentley continues to
uphold its character. In the present number, Jack Shep-
hard continues his career of vice by escaping from prison.
The interview with his mother is related with all that dra-
matic power for which the author is so celebrated. " Vincent
Eden, the 0 xonian," is excellent; together with the il-
lustration by - Cruikshank. The " Veterans of Chelsea
Hospital," by the author of the " Subaltern, seems an in-
exhaustible subject for Mr. Gleig's prolific pen; and
certainly he makes excellent use of his matter. There is
an admirable story from the pen of the lamented Haynes
Bayley, entitled, " The Night Watch ;" Legacies of
Intellect," by W. Jerdan, is very well written ; as is also
the " Rambles among the Rivers," by Charles Mackay.
" Colin Clink," by Charles Hooton, progresses with great
spirit, and promises to be a capital novel when completed.
On the whole, Bentley is decidedly the most readable of
the magazines of this month. —Edinburgh Observer.
The Carnarvon Herald gives as a " singular
act" the following all but incredible story : —" There may
at present be seen and heard, in a plantation belonging to
Sir S. R. Glynne, Bart. M. P., near Buckley Mountain,
Flintshiro, a blackbird which requently during the day
finely imitates the crowing of a cock. It is believed that
the blackbird has been led to imitate the note of " chan-
ticleer," by an old cock at the faun house close to the
plantation.

WHAT IS CHARTISM?

The following remarks on this question are from the
Spectator :

- It is commonly said just now, that Chartism is dying
down, and will soon be extinct. Chartism, which is
the adoption by the bulk of the people of England and
Scotland, of a claim to equal rights—Chartism, which
is the latest movement of the democratic principle

amongst the people in the world who have been most
distinguished for pertinacity and success in the pursuit
of their objects—this Chartism, which is a natural and
necessary result of having taught millions to read,
whose social condition is expressed by the rate of their

wages, namely, eight shillings a week for common
labour—this agitation of the masses, which is the fruit
of a combination of causes that have steadily operated

for forty years—this fearful disturbance of the inferior
classes, now for the first time fully conscious of their
own inferiority and of their own power— this
sure consequence of bestowing human know-
ledge on the brute creation, and still treating
them as brutes—this, the most important fact of our
times, is, by some, spoken of with contempt and deri-
sion. And wherefore ? For one poor reason only—
simply
because some foolish Chartists have done some
foolish things, and submitted to a rap on the knuckles
from the law. The weakness of the Chartist cause is
inferred from the folly and rashness of some of the Char-
tist leaders. Most vain delusion ! As if a great so-
cial revolution, such as that which, by fair or foul means,
and with the most happy or disastrous results, will in
due time be accomplished in this case, unless the higher
order manage to crush the common people down into a
state of slavery—as if this " working out of a people's
salvation," (for so they call it) could be even attempted
without the commission of numerous errors and follies,

to say nothing of crimes ! Is it from the populace
alone that we are to expect unerring wisdom ? Is the
end of Chartism the only one unattainable save by ab-
solute virtue ? And which is the great change that
ever took place in human society, without actions that
resulted from ignorance, prejudice, and passion ?
But the Chartist leaders, it is said, are such "ani-
mals," that the cause can never succeed. Two words
with respect to this view of the case. First, there is
no more remarkable indication of the power—or, let us
say, probable power—of the Chartist millions, than the
pains taken to lead or mislead them by means of flat-
tery. The would-be leaders resemble the parasites of
a powerful Lord in bygone time, who, to curry favour
with him' in order to serve their own base ends, told
him that he was more than half a god, and stuffed him
with the pride of the devil. Just so it is with the popular
parasites, who vow that the working classes are the sole
support of society, and move their passions to the contem-
plation of measures of universal ruin. The importance
of the flattered is proved by the extravagance of the flat-
tery. But, in the next place, the Chartist millions really
have no leaders. They listen, indeed, at times, and in

some places, to the empty ravings of Feargus O'Connor
and Methodist Stephens ; but confidence they have
none in any set of men or any man. They are human,
and have been taught to read ; their knowledge, such
as it is, or, if you please, their instinct, tells them, that
the mighty social change which they have in view is yet
but a principle. All revolutions have had two distinct
stages—that of doctrine, and that of action. The
time for action is not yet come in this case ; and
this case differs from all others, inasmuch as the
teachers of the revolutionary doctrine are, not a small
minority, as has usually happened, of whom some be-
came leaders in action, but the working classes them-
selves, who compose the great majority of the nation.
Being self-taught, they require no leaders in the doc-
trinal stage. Theirs is a Lancasterian school of politics,
in which the scholars teach each other, and can do
without a master. The superficial observer would think
more of the Chartists, if they were led by a Cobbett or
a Burdett ; those who have carefully watched the growth
of Chartism, know that the absence of leaders at pre-
sent is only one of many proofs of the self-relying, and
therefore formidable character of chartist agitation.
For the first time in history, the bulk of a people not
in slavery are hatching a revolution, without confidence
in aught but their cause and themselves. There will be
leaders enow, when the shell breaks.
Nor can we admit, what some would fain believe, that
the millions—literally millions—of Chartists are gene-
rally represented by such men as Oastler, Stephens,
O'Connor, and Vincent. If the character of Chartism
is to be inferred from that of these men, we must first
assume that there is no Chartism in Scotland, where,
perhaps, it has spread widest and taken the deepest
root. The Scottish Chartists are better informed, more
cautious, more patient, as well as more resolute, and, we
have reason to believe, though there is no open symptom
of it, far more organized and more of one mind, than
those of England. In the South of England, indeed, it
can scarcely be said that Chartism exists ; though some,
who know the peasantry well, assure us that a sullen
and savage discontent is as prevalent amongst them as
it is carefully concealed from ordinary observers. If
they are not Chartists, they are worse ; and also more
dangerous adjuncts of Chartism in the second stage,
than if they had fairly embraced the People's Charter.
That People's Charter has been signed—let us take
only half the alleged number of signatures—by 600,000
male adults. And yet there are wiseacres who infer
that Chartism is extinct, because the foolish so-called
National Convention has melted into nothing, and one
Vincent has got into a scrape with the law. The greatest
blunderer amongst the Chartists never fell into so gross
an error.
Chartism has no place in Ireland ; and this serves to
indicate its character. The slavish sax ages of Ireland,
but lately emancipated, are incapable of imbibing the
spirit of Chartism. They are in action for another
cause, and follow their leaders—priests and politicians
—in the somewhat vulgar pursuit of equality for a
particular race and religion. They simulate democra-
tic longings, like the French Canadians, because, as
Lord Durham says of the latter, they happen to be
the majority ; but their real object is only to lift their
religion and race from an inferior position, as that
of the French Canadians has been to maintain their
nationality or superiority in French Canada. How
cheerfully the Irish lately submitted to excessive politi-
cal disfranchisement—that of the forty-shilling free-
holders—in order to gain a step for their religion and
their race ! This people has yet many a step to gain
before they will be ripe for Chartism. Chartism is the
principle of universal political equality, without regard
to race, religion, or station ; and in no country of Eu-
rope, except England and Scotland, is this principle so
much as dreamt of by those alone who can ever give it
effect.
In the United States the principle of Chartism
is triumphant and harmless. But then, in the United
States, there prevails an economical state of things
which admits of political equality without social
convulsions. Not so in Great Britain, Heaven
knows. Chartism, then, in Great Britain, is founded
on a combination of political equality with the
greatest social inequality. Fire and water mingled are
not more explosive. The mixing process commenced
with Joseph Lancaster's schools—was much accelerated
by the Queen's trial in 1820, when the people of
England and Scotland began to read the newspapers—
would probably have produced an explosion in 1831,
but for the safety-valve of Reform-Bill agitation—and
is now going on at a great rate, while our rulers are en-
gaged with Court intrigues, and the middle class is com-
forted with the doctrine of Finality preached by a
Lord !
Is it possible to obliterate the cause of Chartism ?
Never : they will gain force every day we live. What
then is to be done ? Shall we try " a strong Govern-
' ment" and suppression ?—The mere experiment would
probably occasion the dreaded evil.
