SPIRIT of the PUBLIC 3

FROM THE EVENIXO PAPERS OF 'ruts DAT.
(From the Globe.)
The meeting at Exeter Hall yesterday was a grati-
fying and imposing spectacle, well worthy of the grace-
ful presence and presidency of the consort of our
Sovereign, and which would have been characteris
but for one incident, by perfect unanimity. We
allude of course to the unhandsome treatment of Mr.
O'Connell by a noisy minority, and having alluded
to it, we leave its discredit with those who cannot
keep party feelings for places and occasions where
their exhibition is at least not an insult to a Royal per-
sonage who has studiously kept aloof from all similar
demonstrations, and an injury to a cause which
has nothing to do with any party animosities.
Turning, however, from what was pleasing and from
abet was unpleasing in yesterday's proceedings, we
I,e bound to inquire—How far were they practi-
cal ? And certainly, so far us they afford a demonstra-
tion of the sentiments of a great nation unanimous
in support of its Government in any and every
measure which affarda prospects ot checking the slave.
trade—so tar, certainly, a meeting like yesterday's can-
not but have its affect. It would least of all be lost on
such an acute and instructed observer as the present re-
pt., sentative in England of the greatest continental
power—the power which, we cannot doubt, is destined
to t...ke a part similar to our own in the abolition of
slavery in her own colonies, and the suppression of the
slave-trade universally.
( From
theSlata Standard.)
The last night The debate in the
House ofd Lo
eli-
cited some curious phenomena of the administration
of justice in the Courts of Equity. It appears pretty
plainly that the improvement in the despatch ot
business bears no proportion to the inert-use in the
number of Courts—as plainly that, notwithstaudin_
the complaints of Lord Eldon's slowness, which w,
were accustomed to hear wnile that excellent man and
utiequ died magistrate held the soals, very little dt pends
upon the habits of the Judge. As respects the increase
of Courts, ou- equity proceedings seem to obey a law
very sunihr to that which governs the mo ion of projec-
tiles. Scientific men and practical ginner, know that
the range of a nrssile is not extended iu the common,
but in the subduplicate ratio of the force applied—zhus,
if a force equivalent to four sends a ball 1000 yards.
it will require a force equivalent to 16 to send the same
ball 2,000 yards ; and so it seems is the case in the ad-
ministration of r (pity. We have now tour Judges in
( quity : less than 16 seem scarcely sufficient to get
through the business of the country in hull the time now
occupied by equity suits, and alter all, that would be no
very great relief to the suitors, considering the all but
infinite duration of these suits
( From the Courier.) _ _ _

The House of Lords was last night chiefly occupied
with the Administration of Justice Bill, to which Lord
trougharn strongly objected in a speech of great length.
His chief objection appears to be the large addition of
judicial force which the Bill proposes to be made for the
ot present arrears, as well as to meet the increase
of business which the Lnrd Cnancellor apprehends
will be the result of a greater despatch of cases. We, how-
ever, do not exactly feel the force of the learned and
eloquent Ex-Chancellor's objection, for it certainly
does appear to us that if the suitors become so nu
merous in any Court of Justice or Equity, that the
present judicial establishment is unable to gave them
the attention to which they are divided, and for
the despatch of which that establishment was instituted,
it ought to be rendered equal to the proper discharge of
this very important duty. With respect to the Court
of Chancery, it the accumulation of its business cannot
be despatched by the Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor,
we venture to suggest that it might be well to inquire
before iippoilit.ng one or more assistant Judges, whether
a more economical means might not be tried by way of
rxpi.ritnent.

COCKLitMuUTH ELECTION.

FINAL STA I E OF THE POLL.
HALF-PAST TEN.
Horsman (Liberal)

Wyndham (rory) ...... 43
Majority ...... . -40
TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Tionman ... .. ...

Wyndham ...
Majority
