'Y.

and we are morally certain that did the charitable por-
tion of our fellow countrymen know the difficulties
with which the founders are struggling to complete this
good work, they would instantly relieve them. The ar-
ticles with which military men will be most pleased,
are—on the " Military Organisation and Resources of
Prussia," and on " The Germanic Confederacy, and
Military Force of Wurtemberg." The critical notices
are numerous and very well written.

THE ASIATIC JOURNAL. Parbury, Allen, and Co.

This number is enriched with some excellent arti-
cles. " Mr. Baber's Answers to Queries," respecting
slavery in India, " Mahommedanism of the Turks,"
" American intercourse with China," and " The bar in
India," are all instructive papers, very agreeably writ-
ten. "Della Penna's Account of Tibet," and " Bi-
blical Illustrations" cannot fail to attract the notice and
secure the approbation of oriental scholars. The ar-
ticle on Indian Sports is extremely light, plea-
sant, and instructive. The character of every people
is best known by their amusements, and those of the
natives of India are sufficiently indicative of their in-
dolence, and fondness for display. Tiger-hunting is
not properly a native amusement, though it is here
touched upon in a very brief but agreeable form. This
Magazine is improving greatly, and deserves to be-
come much more popular than it is.

THE MONTHLY REPOSITORY.—C. Fox.

" The Magic Snuff-box !" is a magic vagary which
we read with great pleasure, and we have no doubt so
will all the other readers of the Repository. The
" Wellington Dictatorship" is a jewel of a different
water,• and worthy of the editor. " The Age of
Steam," a Hudibrastic poem, is full of point. This
number contains a great variety of other articles of
great merit, and is becoming much more Catholic in

its contents than it used to be, which is a great re-
commendation.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA of GARDENING. PARTXIIL

THE GARDENER'S MAGAZINE.
Longman and Co.

The present number of the first of these very useful
publications is the best we have yet seen. The
second is equal to any of those which have preceded it.
They are both, as we have repeatedly mentioned, con-
ducted by Mr. Loudon, which is the best guarantee
the public can have of their ability.

DUBLIN.

(PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)

Some politicians of the party now ascendant talk
with gravity of a repeal of the Irish Reform Bill, and
such a modification of the Catholic Relief Bill as shall
reduce it to a nullity. These aspirations are by no
means confined to breasts secured by strait-waistcoats,
but are acknowledged and entertained amongst persons
of sanity and experience, who would think themselves
insulted should you ask them to prevent the corn sown
in spring from germinating in summer, or bringing
forth its increase in due season. In reality it would
be quite as rational to propose such a scheme, as to at-
tempt the backward steps which these silly ones medi-
tate. Nevertheless they are neither few- nor contempti-
ble in influence and station who dream of such things.
On the contrary the high gentry, the greater part of the
clergy, and the small fry of Orangeists concur in pro-
posing these points as the test of the Duke's Conser-
vatism, and have some thoughts of exacting pledges to
the same effect from their candidates at the general
election. Heaven keep them in that demented state
till the elections are over, for the good of their country
Such notions are infinitely less dangerous to liberty
than the mock liberality and moderation professed by
the cunninger members of the party. They show,
however, what justice may be expected, should the per-
sons who hold them indeed get the upperhand, an event
which still depends upon the will of the people.
O'Connell is proceeding with admirable tact and
discretion in organising his new Association for the
second downfall of the Duke. He has very properly
forbidden the banns which Mr. Pat Lalor had pub-
lished, for a union of counties, to be solemnized on the
classic ground of Mullaghmast. In the speech which
he made on Tuesday, you will find a detailed account
of the case of the late Lord Strangford to which I
alluded in my letter of the preceding day.

The enemies of Lord Plunkett, who are neither few
nor inactive, have circulated a report that he is to retain
his place on the Irish Chancery Bench, under the
Duke of Wellington. Such a rumour, without con-
firmation, is incredible, and can be only attributed to
malice. Even Lord Londonderry must confess that it
is " too bad."

Lord Wellesley has been guilty of the presumption
of filling up the office of Assistant Barrister to the
County of Limerick, which became vacant after the
dismissal of the Whig Cabinet. His Excellency was
at the time the Chief Governor of Ireland, still per-
forming the functions, and in full possession of all the
privileges of his high office. He had therefore a per-
fect right to appoint to the vacancy ; and what is more
—he would have been guilty of a vile breach of trust
had he left the nomination for his successor. It is a
judicial post and would have been given to one of the
blatant orators of Tims's Society, to the great perver-
sion of justice and scandal of the whole country. Why
should Lord Wellesley tarnish his character by lending
passive assistance to any such arrangement ? The Go-
vernment Organ, the Evening Mail, is in hysterics on
account of this disappointment, and splutters most
heroically about the indecency of the affair, which it
declares must be rescinded. The Oracles on your side
of the water will of course hark in with that conclu-
sion, forgetting, or not choosing to remember (which
is equally convenient), the celebrated case of Mr.
Bathurst, the Clerk of the Privy Council. But it is
" past praying for." Mr. Murphy is the Chairman,
and holds his seat by a much more secure tenure than
the Duke of Wellington bears the sceptre.
Mr. Grogan Morgan, a young man who came un-
expectedly into the possession of a large fortune, and is
now an aristocrat of the County of Wexford, has been
long playing fantastic tricks before high Heaven, and
the Baronies of Forth and Bargy. His last prank has
been to insist on his tenants at will paying the tithe
due on their holdings, although he himself is bound by
law to pay it ; and a Wexford paper, the Independent,
declares that his tenants, on the Monk and Grogan
estate beyond the Slaney, " tendered the rent to the
very penny, but it would not be taken without the
tithe money." I hope, if this be true, that they are
prepared with legal proofs of having made the tender ;
in which case they will be able to make an open show
of their precious landlord. The Wexford lndependent
goes on to state that two tenants are believed to have
paid the tithes ; and adds, " If they have acted, in
this trying emergency, the base part of base renegades,
their conduct will not long remain a secret ; and all the
cloaks (we use the word significantly) in the universe
will not protect them from the just indignation of their
neighbours." I quote this passage to mark it with
reprobation. It is an atrocious Rockite notice, worse
and more wicked than any cruelty of which bad hearted
or infatuated landlords have yet been guilty. Such
sentiments should be branded by every one connected
with the press, as a reproach to our order. But the
fact of their being avowed by a journal in most exten-
sive circulation among the farmers of Wexford, shows
what a dangerous feeling exists, even amongst educated
people, on the tithe question, and what a madman the
Duke of Wellington must be, if he encourages those
landlords who are endeavouring further, to provoke it.
