" Let your adiVity, until the moment of Diva-
don, consist in the assicluboi exercise of the Indus-
try appropriate to your respective callings, in atl...
ihering to the rules of.order, sobriety and peace, io
praftising the duties of civil lite, and in vigilant car..
cerrispedion, a-gainst licentiottaiteia and disturbi,inces'
`of every kind ; assist: the Magistrates. and Officers
of, Justice ~in_ the execution of their public duties,
and give Shelter Or protection to no person who haa
violated the Laws, or• is accused of having violated
them.: Relied that the Servants of the Law are your
prdper protenors,• !and that the-ofranders-againstiit
are ,your!natural :enemies.
• : .", If any.neighboutiog Gentleman should be cn-
, trusted • by; your , King with: the command_ ,of .an.
Artneo AssociistiQn. for the' common !termer, and
I should invite you to repair to.the-Standard of your,
Country, give your•servicea and •,attendance with
alacrity. 1r the La;v ,hould call_upon you to artay.
I.y.ourae.l V t,, .for tile 4 1 d'ence -of the: Empire, w 41k r.,
under the tile of ao A.a.rny,of Reserve or, any otlK r
1 appellation,. Jet your numbers: fill the- litoks., w tilt
theittength requisite for alte,pohlio.saktys wco.
tisoi..,,, the sooner you• learn the toe) and.,,pra4ice:',o
' armaitothe ,sooner. your Country will be:powettoli
andlibelmore firmly y.ou %yid oppme.,an Inv 4r7.
thus-also you, wilLreturn to your homes an4e,tee..
.fol
,peetipatiark tU more speedily, and, with., she
greater content and,satisktion, when ihedaoges
shall havey.batert chaherl away.,,lf you_adop; this„iine
oleonsitnat tend bliew youtselves to beat.onc,ej an
ayinitUand-art united People, we shall,,acatcely.,
inulestettby Invade f s,,who,e ooly Itcperatl4,..tiesigl,
iitcomink to, tisk 'Wand, would :be, - to,,augrtieto
Coblusioir amongst us wiai,facility,: apd _to
,excite
Civil Wars with impunity. , . . ~, , ~„ ;,
~:d,,4..111tit,-if, nevertheless, the Enemy should he-so
tiespexate and infatuated-as to attemotan Invasion
taf,otir Island, if she shall think proper to make the
haslartious push at our. liberties,and our happiness,
whilst we:thall be in so formidable an attitutic,,of
defence, let; our first care be, to, preactrvc internal
harmony, order, and steadiness amongst:ourselves—
let our next be, to diScharge with aclive.zeal, the
respeftive duties, whether, military or ciyil, w hich
thance -or previous concert shall have assigned to
each,olus. Those, whose lot shall have been cast
in Military duty, will receive, through the medium
,of discipline, more precise and authentic regulations
than .I can suggest. Those, who shall not be !lc,
tually engaged in Military duty, may serve their
'Country with not lessrffieacy, by co-operating with,
,the .PnWets entrusted with the management, of our.
defence, in the execution of such measures as shall,
from time to lime, be recommended or deemed ex-
itedient. • They will obey, with.. promptitude,. the.
orders for that purpose, and adhere to the instruc-,
lions which' the Generals and the. Magistrates of the;
several Distrids will, in due time, take care to dis.
tribute and promuige. Those orders mad instruc.
. lions are founded, ro reason and good sense :.they:
proceed upon the received maxim of, daily life, 19,
iticrifire a 'art,. in cases of necessity-, far the prefer-
rwaitm of the remainder... They relate to, the driv.:'
,
ing of our cattle, and removing of ail provisions and
forage from within the Enetny,'s reach,' cutting off
hii supplies of subsistence.,:harassing, watching and
discovering. his !notions and his projlels, breaking
up roads and pulling down-,bridges in' hit; litre of
march, -annoying and alarming his detachments,
from .our mountains and our bogs, in our.glens,and
our -defiles, and other similar ,services which are
enumerated in those Orders and Instruttions." ... •
" You ,will render those services. to your. Cou-
ntry,, notoanly without:. murmuring, but ;with, ala.
crity.• Remember .that the.traw. has ensured ample
indemnity to individuals. for' the losses that. they
may, for the rime, sustain in, the, necessary per.,
formance.of those services--Cutnpensation is given
by the'Country,to its children, for the unavoidable:
sacrifices whiclt she will call uponAliem •to,malte for
her preservation.. No generous mind will elude,
or shrink.from, those sacrifices.;. rather let us par:!
tially anticipate the desolation which is menaced,-
by destroying our OWE), provisions, and burning our
own dwellings, where necessary,
_than leave the one
Or the, other fur the subsistence or
.the shelter .of
a cruel • and rapacious Foe. No - mark . wilr,, I
trust, be base enough to temporize "with the In.
vadev--to bargain with him for a temporary
safety or a ruinous neutrality,. for whatever price
or tepaptation—no..man will be so 'rile, as to
receive a bribe` for .short-sighted' Treason, to sell
his birthright for a mess of pottaw,. or co
.barter
Irish honour fin French gold. Ireland is celebrated
for its high' feelings of _national honour. The col.
ledive honour of a Nation is composed of the ha_
flour of its individuals; ii is built non' their
high spitit and disdain of mercenary interests ; it
endures only with the petted devotion of all to their
Country's glot!! to.pa welfare.
~ ,
"
Armed, then, with ,those pure-yrineiples, and
animated by thase generoo sensatiorl,.,you will
my, Countrynien, vigorously and successfully repel
French Invasion., civil wars, and slavery ; you will
maintain the adVanttea of your present si:uation,
and preserve the certain road to it.foll improve-
merit ; you will reap, in security‘ the 'fruits of
your !tallest industry ; you will enjoy the blessings
of agriculture, the of arrs,, the repose of
your families, ,and, the firm protection of 'the. laws.
The honoor and iodepenclence of these Islands.will
be for ever secured; the eternal ff:iise and grati.
to,te of the Empire, and of civilii,,td Society, wall be

fiANAN WM 1 1.1. A N (of ilim-Street, Covent 4Qatdert) alai
E. No. 112. Strand . whrre Ark.trii,test.”l. er).-1...,
