BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.

John Woolcock, Truro, Cornwall, linen-draper, from
Aug. ti to Aug. ➢5, at eleven, at the Court of Commis-
sioners.

BANKRUPTS.

Joseph Stalling the younger, King's Lynn, Norfolk,
dealer in hats,,to surrender, July 23, at seven, 24, at ten,
and Aug. 19, at twelve, at the Globe Inn, King's Lynn.
Jarvis, King's Lynn, Norfolk ; or Clowes, Orme, and
Wedlake, King's Bench-walk, Temple.
William Mills, Bath, oil-merchant, July 11; 15, and
Aug. 19, at twelve, at the White Lion Inn, Bath. Jones,
Crosby-square, I3ishopsgate-street, London.
John Brooks, Beymore-street, Pancras, bill-broker, July
15, at ten, 25, August 19, at nine, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Walker, Hatton-garden.
Daniel Orme, and James Spencer, Oldham, cotton-spin-
ners, July 25, 28, and August 19, at two, at Hayward's
Hotel, Manchester. Brackenbury, Manchester ; Hurd
awl Johnson, Temple.
John Holmes, Kidaermitister, grocer, July 11, at three,
18, and August 19, at ten, at the Nhiteliart Inn, Hartle-
bury. Dangerfield, Craven. street, Strand ; Brinton, Kid-
derminster.

Thomas Whitelegg, Ashton-upon-Mersey, Chester, rec-
tifier, July 17, 18, and Aug. 19, at one, at the Commer-
cial Rooms, Bristol. Clarke, Richards, and 111edcalf,
Chancery-lane, Loudon ; and Palmer and Son,.Bristol.
William Tranter, Greenwich, stone- mason, July 11, at
eleven, 18, and Aug. 19, at ten, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Sandom,

Elias Hodge, Plymouth, grocer, Aug. 12, 13, and 19,
at eleven, at the Royal Hotel, Plymouth. Blake, Essex-
street, Strand; or George and Philip Cookw&thy Pri-
deaux, Plymouth.
Hannah Williams, Bath, innkeeper, July 14, 15, and
Aug. 19, at eleven, at the White Lion Inn, Bath. Jones,
Crosby-square, Bishopsgate-street ; Hellings,. Bath.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

(THIR EVENING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.

Mr. Crafur presented a Statement of the Income
and Expenditure of the United Kingdoms from the
year 1813 to 1828.
On the motion of Lord MALMESBURY it
was ordered to be printed. ,
Sir A. GRANT and others brought up a Bill to
amend the Constabulary Act of Ireland.
Charing-cross and Strand Improvement Bill, the
were
agreedColn Bill with
witt.
hoAmendments, and two private Bills
Upon the motion of
.Earl SHAFTESBURY
the Registry Deed Office Bill in Ireland, and the
Parliamentary Poll Electioneering Bill were read a
third time.
Earl FERRERS presented a petition from an
individual praying. for the extension of the power of
Trial by Jury to New South Wales.
Earl SHAFTESBURY presented petitions from
the merchants of Cornwall, and the north-west of
Ireland, in the kelp, trade, praying, for relief.
Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition
from a parish in Wilts against slavery. Also a peti-
tion from a Clergyman, complaining that he had
been imprisoned for the non-payment of poor's rates
on tithes to which he contended he was not liable,
and praying for relief..
Lord MALMESBURY thought it legal to en-
force the payment of poer's rates upon tithes.
Enrl SHAFTESBURY objected to this petition
upon the ground of its bringing forward a question
purely legal.
The .Marquis of LANSDOWNE _agreed with
the two Noble Lords, and withdrew thnpetition.
. .

Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from
the Stove Manufaotuiers of Yeovil, Somersetshire,
against the importation of Foreign Stoves.
The Report upon,the Irish Promissory Note Bill
was received, with an amendment, by the Duke of
WELLILGTON, which was ordered to be printed and
the Bill read, a third time this day week.
' Adjourned at Half-past Five, o'clock.
