CATHOLIC AGGREGATE MEETING.

{Abridged from the 'Dublin Morning Register of Thursday.)
Yesterday the most numerous and respectable
Aggregate Meeting we ever witnessed took place in North Anne
street -Chapel. At an early hour the avenues leading to die
Chapel weracrowded, and when the doors were opened the rush
was tremendous. At one o'clock the Chapel was completely
tilled, and the coup ir mit was extremely magnificent and im-
posing. There were front six to seven thousand persons pre-
sent. On the motion of Mr. O'CONNELL, Lord Goastaxs.
Tows took the Chair, amid general applause.
Mr. LoatenaT said, he had the honour to move the first re-
solution, conveying the thanks of the Meeting to N. P. O'Gor-
roan, Esq. for his zealous discharge of the duties of Secretary
to the Catholics of Ireland. He thought such a resolution (lid
not regaire any commentary, and he was sure it would meet
with the unanimous approbation of all present.
Mr. RUSSELL begged leave to second this resolution. It
was then carried by acclamation.
Mr. O'Goaacter rose and said—" My Lord and Gentlemen,
since I last had the honour of attending an aggregate Meeting of
the Catholics of Ireland, two events of great magnitude, and of
serious and awful importance to the interests of the country,
have Occurred. The Catholic Association has been dissolved ; it
has been put down by brute force. Yes, Gentlemen, I shall call
- it by no.other name. The acts which preceded and which followed
tl, at abominable and despotic measure, warrant main soolenonii-
notirg it. It was a measure which had neither reason nor ergo-
mem to support it. I hope you, my countrymen, will follow,
on future occasions, the glorious example see you by that Asso-
ciation—that you will proceed and assert your rights, loyally,
firmly, temperately, and, above all, unitedly.—( Loud cheers.)
We are nut degraded by the act of our oppressors; the degrada-
tion tecoili upon themselves. As the Catholic Association-lived
nobly, so its death was honourable and glorious. I will not he-
;irate to atfiren, that it conferred more benefit on this country,
in the short space of from twelve to eighteen months, than all
the Kings, Senators, Statesmen, &c. that flourished in Ireland
for the last 800 years. But it yielded a prompt obedience to
the law of the land, and I am sure you will ha alteapi ready to
'nnitete its example. trust, however, that from its ashes
another Association, like another plornix, will arise.—(Loud
and lone continued cheering.)-4 lay, like another phoenix, an
Association will arise, which, by all legal means and constitu-
tional exertions, may yet strike terror into the core of the heart
• of bigotry and despotism. After eulogising the splendid set--
.vise, the Catholic Deputation, which he had accompanied
to England, he proceeded :—Look at the situation in which we
hre placed. The Prime Minister of England, at the head of
an implacable and intoleranninction, in a speech attributed to
him by the public 'mints, has denounced you all as rebels.—
(t riee of Shame, shame.)—He has pronounced your allegiance
to be divided—A say, that this is a gross and unfounded false-
hoed—(Here some cried shame on the mushroom Peer)—
I say, that your allegiance is undivided, and that your
loyalty is unstained.—(Loud cheers.)—You adhered, even in
t:et worst of times, to your allegiance, and to the worst of
Pr: The-state in which you are at present placed is aw-
feliy important. Unless, then, you stand by yourselves—unless
eery individual amongst you feels, as if the success of the
• cause depended on his single exertions—unless all press for-
ward to promote the cruse by their exertions ; and I trust these
exertions will not be confined to the men, but that the women
will also exercise their influence—(Loud cheers)—unless, then,
the. ladies themselves come forward, and teach their young
. chi seen to lisp the accents of freedom—unless they bring them
to the altar, and make them swear not to hate any one, but
to stand by and support, if necessary, by their blood, the liber-
ef their country—unless you do all this, my countrymen,
your cause will not succeed. If Lord Liverpool's principles be
carried into execution, perhaps in the course of 12 months not
a inset here present would be possessed of a single acre of land.
—(kiesr, hear!)—Lord Liverpool cannot stop, neither can you.
He must either open to you the portals of the Constitution, or
lie must re-enact the penal laws. Are you willing to abide such
an event ?—(No, no !)—I hope that every man here is deter-
.. mined to tight the battle of his countre, legally and constitu-
- tionaily, and with that spirit, implanted" by the Almighty in the
heart of man, and which even slavery cannot subdue. Legal
-.:and constitutional exertions will do more to advance the cause
- _and.iaterests of.your country than plains covered with blood.-
IHe then read letters from Lords Fingal and Killeen, apolo-
-gieing for absence ; and he also read the Resolutions conic to at
.the Duke of Buckingham's, which -we published on Saturday./
Mr. N. Mutton proposed the second resolution, fur appoint.
ing a Committee to-prepare new petitions.
Mr, COPPING En seconded it. He took a view of the past
- eneation of Ireland. He said, • from the first invasion by
Horny 11. down to the present moment, she has been the vic-
tim of persecution and oppression ; at one instant the cup of
hope held up to her lips, and as quickly again (lashed to the
geouli • :d .
e. LAWLESS got upon the table, and was received by -gene-
ral hieees.
N r. O'CONNEnt came forward, ;and was hailed by the most
enthusiastic applause—" You all perceive that Mr. LaWless is
:axiom to be heard you all know that he is anxious to be
Lard ; and you all know that, as a Catholic, he has a right to
be Leard. if he shall say any thing mischievous, you may be
sere .1 will not fail to answer bins.
letwonss said, Mr. O'Connell was kind enough to ob.
tale l'stn a hearing, and lie now congratulated these that nO
, difference of opinion existed now between hioi and Mr. O'Con-
riell.—(Hear!)—Mr. L. then entered upon a short review of the
- Lite proceedings in Parliament. in which he strongly condemned
to late Relief Bill, &c. nlr. L. concluded by moving an
amendment to the Resolution just prepsed, but as it seemed
_ hot to Meet with the approbation of the meeting, he finally
withdrew it.
Sir THOMAS EsetoNDE moved a Resolution, expressing
the determination of the Catholics to persevere in seeking for
• Emancipation.
:An II OWLET seconded it, and it was carried.
Srd S. BURKE moved the fourth Resolution, which was SC-
OOT, ded by
Mr. Slime, • who addressed the Meeting at some length.—
, lie lamented the failure of the Catholic Emancipation Bill,
add eornmented in strong to ms on the speeches made by the
. Duke of York, the Earl of Liverpool, and the Marquis of
Anelesea.
•
Sir .7. REE said, he was glad to bring forward a resolue
Lion relative to Lord Liverpool, that lie might give his most
sic-qualified denial to a statement made in a speech attributed
by the public prints to the Earl of Liverpool—namely, that
Cathelics bear a divided allegiance to their Sovereign. A more
on just assertion never proceeded from the lips of any man.
Mr. O'Coo NE en now appeared upon the table, and in-
stonily an unanimous shout cf delight and approbation was
raised from all parts of the building, accompanied by the
westing of hats and handkerchiefs, and every demonstration of
regard and affection. When the effueions of these sentiments
wee ennewhat moderated, Mr. O'Connell spolte thus :—Lord
• 'Liverpool is determined to put down the Catholic Qestion.
Truly he has put it down in a pretty fashion--(Laughtero_
lie promisesed Lord Lousdale that he would crush the Catholic
care for ever, and yet it appears to be alive and merry notwith-
stantling.—(Laughter.)--nord Lonedale is the possessor of
8 semen boroughs. He has It) seats in the House of Commons
at his disposal; and he traffics in them as cattle are sold in
Smithfield, not only bartering them for places, and honours,
and distinction, for the members of his family, but unfortu-
nately making them subservient to the base and cruel pur-
poses of extinguishing the rights of the Irish people. My
Lard Lonsdale is a great owner of colleries ; now, before the
winter is over, we shall see whether Ireland may not be sup-
piicd with fuel from other colleties, and we may treat my
lord Lansdale to the Burning of his own coals.—(Great
-laughter and applause.) My Lord and Gentlemen, this much
having been said in a parenthesis, scree thing is manifest, that
I will say, treacherously
the Oatholics have been cruelly, anti,
defeated in their struggle for their rights, in one of the Houses
of Parliament, after their claims had been not only recognised,
nut triumphantly established bytheother branch of the Legis-
latiere ; and, under these circumstances, it becomes our duty to
consider what means are best calculated to ensure the ultimate
attainment, for ourselves and our children. of those rights which
have been so long withheld, and of those blessings which a
bigot faction have so long succeeded in obstructing in their
deacent, upon our unhappy country.—The -Learned Gern
demon then recommended union, temperance, and firmness, to
She: Catholics of Ireland. He dwelt with much compla-
cency on the conversion of Mr. Browniow, who, he said,
was too-honourable, too honest, not to retract his error openly,
generously, anti nobly, when he discovered it. And ought he
not to be generous ? Was he not of necessity.noble ? It; he
not the grandson of William Rrownlow the patriot of 1792, who
sold that Ireland :Wes -impressed by the hand of Providence
with the features of a great nation, and that it would be a crime
to convert her into a pitiftilprov ince aThat illustrious indivi-
dual, with 80,000 Irish soldiers, was enabled to give to Ireland
a Constitution, and to England security. But, Gentlemen, we
have another assistance : we have the sentiments of the Protest-
ant people.of Ireland it-our-favour. This favourable disposi-
tion has been evinced in • Dublin, in,
n Kerry, in Limerick, in Gal-
Wan and elsewhere, and there is othinagainst us but the
Orchid of Merchants.—(A laugh.)—Andl am glad the Guild of
111 erchante was against us. -I
should be fearful that we were
.going-wrong if the least tendency to a-disposition in our favour
coeld be discovered in that unhappy clan. He treated on
, a variety of topics as he proceeded, and particularly noticed
the Reportof the Commissioners of- Inquiry into the State of
Education in Ireland, se among their causes of triumph. You
. may recollect how often 1 have spoken to you of the -Kildare-
street Society. I have said, that they were unfit to educate the
:people of Ireland. It would till fifty volumes to recount -hall
