THE PRINCESS OF WALES.

Wink Stock, - 250 i V.)) Irish 5 per Cents. )00
3 per Cent. 1ied.....
3 per Cent. C0n5........724i India 110nd5,...,. 7)5. 735. pr.
ii per Cents. . 834.i 6xels. Bills,. los. l9s. pr.
5 per Cent. Navy Ann. 102}i Cons. fur Account, 7iii
Batik Long Ann. lad 7-R I
itlis

[UGH WATER At LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
.orning, 2 ininuteS after 9. I Evening, 27 minutes atter 9.

THE SUN.

LONDON,
THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 181 7.

THE QUEEN'S HE,A.I.TH.

,We congratulate the Country on the following
favourable Bulletin, which was issued this morn-
ing, of the state of the QUEEN'S Health :---
" HER MAJESTY has had a .very 'good night,
and is better this morning.

" April 24.

F. MILMAN.'

(PRIVATE LETTER VRONI DoVEE, APRIL 23.)
" Something of consequence seems going on

in the Political World.—No less than three
Expresses Lave been sent, the same number re-
ceived, from France, within a week ; it it said
that the King of FRANCE is itt a very precarious

statu.-

Front (1e FRENCI-1 PAPERS of Monday, 'April it.

BRAZ 1 1..

RIO JANEIRO, JAN. 10.-" We are positively

informed that the Governme►►t of Buenos Ayres
has declared War against that of Brazils. We
are consequently afraid that the numerous Cor-
sairs belonging to the Insurgents, which sail from
the Plata, will do much dau►nge to our co►n-
nterce."--(Genoa Gazelle.)
BRUSSELS, Arau write front Char-
leroi, that M. DEMONTANT, a French Refugee,
accused of assassinating a Tax-gatharer hear.
Abbeville, has been arrested:

According to the latest news from Italy, there
is the finest appearance of an abundant harvest.
Naas, Arm 21..-- The King yesterday
granted several private audiences, and in the af-
ternoon had conferences with the Minister for
Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Justice. Time
was afterwards a dinner at Court all the Princes
and Princesses of the Blood dined with his Ma-
jesty.

The Duke of ORLHANS paid his respects to the
KING.

The KING Sigled yesterday the Contract o
Marriage between the Comte de Cuoisnt, Aid
de-Camp to the 'Duke tit BEttaY, and h.lisspite
KYNS, daughter of Lord RANCLIFFE.*

General Kosciustto, who continues to inhabit
the town of Soleute, sigue(l on-the 2d an'Act, by
which l►e Anilines slavery in his domain of Sie-
chrovicz, in the p►ilatinate of Buckzere, in Poland.
lie *let:lures in it that the serfs of the said dontaib
are free and exempt front all charges, and that
they shall in future possess in full propetty their

4 Lor,l It !cc u rt.!: is a young man, !..he ton (if.we remember
r;gliti of the .164rl of whose family name is roan Es.

The Vienna Gazette of the 14th April says,—
" The Princess of IVALEs arrived here on the
9th, under the title of the Duchess of ContiwALL.
Shelalighted at the hotel called the " Empress of
Austria," and keeps the strictest incognito. She
will set off to-morrow for her house on the Lake
of Como, by Leybach, Trieste, and Venice."
The French Papers give the following account:

'"
VIENNA, APRIL 9.—The Princess of WALES
arrived here last night, between I and 2 o'clock,
and alighted at the hotel del'lmperatrice. She
proposed going to the English Ambassador's

(Lord.Str.wAßT), but he had departed for his re-
sidence at Kitsee. The Hanoverian Minister

Count de HA RDENBERG) was also absent for some
lays, 'and the Princess was obliged to accommodate
lerielf with an liOtel. She will leave us on Saturday,

to return to Como, by way of Trieste and Venice.
It appears from this, that her dispute with the in-
habitants was not of a very serious,nature, it
is still asserted that the Princess will visit Persia
this yeae. The Court sent a Chamberlain to at-
te►►d upon her, and to-riot-row she will visit the
Emraass.

THE FUND/I.—The market this morning was a
shade better than yesterday) Consols opened at
721 money, and 72,1 for the account. irbe
contest still continues between the House and the'
parties we before alluded to, and the latter main-
tain that a great advance will shortly take place.
The Orders and Bullion received from abroad by
every mail, to purchase English stock, is greater
than ever was known, and it is positively asserted
that the Bankers have at present ten millions in
hand, with orders to purchase Stock the first
SOLESI finis FALAI/NJ AUDUAT t favourable opportunity.

Lloyers, April 21

CORUNNA, APRIL 5.--Arrived the Spanish ships
thrrulina and Mariquita,fromNantes; the former
is 380 tons, and the latter 300 tons, equipped for
the Coast of Africa for slaves for the Havannah,
and have come in here to get Spanish papers and
clearances, to enable them to proceed on the
Slave Trade.

Both Houses of Parliament re-assemble this
day. The health of the SPEAKER, we arc happy
to announce, is sufficiently le-established to en-
able him to take the Chair.

The following has been 'communicated to us
from namburgh, as interesting intelligence re-
ceived from Munich :7--" Great changes have
taken place in our Ministry ; it will in future
consist of five Ministers of State, namely, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, of Instice, of the In-
terior, of Finances, and at War. Count de
Rechterg-Rothenloiven, Minister Plenipotentiary
of his Majesty, succeeds Count de Montgelas at
the Diet of the Confederation, at the head of the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Count von Thum-
, beim will be placed at the head of the Depart-
ment of the Interior. Baron de Lerehenfiehl,
,Commi”ary at \Vat., has been nominated Minis-
ter of Finance; and Count de T viva, General of
the Artillery, has been appointed Minister of the
Army; Count de Reigersberg keeps the Depart-
ment' of Justice. The Court Gazette announces
the retirement from office of Count de Montgelas,
in the following terms :
" After many pressing and repeated applications from
Count de Montgelas, our Minister for Foreign AtLtirs, to be
released from the fatigues orpuhlie duty in eonseqUence of
,his ill state of health, we have at length yielded to his wi4liei
and his just request, and have therefore entirely relieved him
from the burdensome business of the State with which he has
beets intrusted.
" Count -Montgelas will retain his rank, with an ahnnaf
pension -of 30,000 florins. We reserve to ourselves the
assistance of his counsels on all extraordinary occasions,
which we may promise will he useful tp the state from his
decisive talents, and from his pecisliar attachment to our
person. •
" All revenues which have been received in the districts of
the Rhine belonging to Bavaria have been employed for put..
chases of several considesable buildings for the use of the
-different departments of 'Government, and for the repairing
of the dykes anti roads on the Rhine, which have been so very
much neglected under the French Governtnent."
•

Extract of a letter from Gibraltar, dated March
31.—" By recent advices from Algiers, it would
appear that the fortifications of that place had
been completely repaired, and that the Govern-
ment was. turning its views to a Navy, which it
was extremely anxions. about, and entertained
linpeaof its speedy re-establishment ; when it is
feared that they Will fall on some of the moat de-
fenceless Christian States.
Yesterday Prince CASTELCICALA bad a long
audience of the Pungep REGENT at Carlton-
The LORD, CHANCELLOR anti Earl
BamonsT had also long audiences of his Royal

The Baron de BEnSTETT, Minister 'Plenipoten-
tiary of the Gram! Duke of ADEN to the Diet of
Frankfort, arrived at the Pulteney Hotel, Picca-
dilly, on Tuesday evening, from Paris.
Sir VICAKY °Lass, yesterday, we are happy t°
state, resumed his seat on the Bench of the Court
of Common Plea., fur the first time since his late
sevrte indisposition.
