LITERARY NOTiCL.

LUSTORY of SULI and P.AftGA, &c., One Vol. fro.
The reputation Which the celebrated Ali
Pactia has naturally excited, attaches zonsider-
able interest to whatever connected with
his history. There was about this :cyan a fe-
rocions grandeur which amazes, whilst it terri-
fies : and among the many parties Who have at
arioes times set the authority of the .Porte •at
open defiance, few ever attained a higher pitch
avower, and none enjoyed it eltsring so long a
lieriad of time. Though craft and treachery
were chiefly employed by him to accomplish his.
ambitious plans, it was his lot to meet with men
truly patriotic, who generously despised his gold:
and undauntedly opposed his arms. Such Was
eminently the case.of the Satiates, whose 14roical
defenceof their native mountains proves them to be
the worthy descendants of their brave anceators.
—The present work, written originally in.-modern
Greek, and put into English from an Italian
branslation, gives us, in a simple and unadorned
narrative, an interesting picture of the enter-
prNing sprit and ruthless disposition of Ali
Pacha, lint this work is more especially useful
inasmuch as it must produce in every unpreju-
diced mind impressions favourable to the charac-
ter of the modern Greeks. In it we shall find.
that this people, degraded by oppression, but in-
habiting a country teeming with monnments of
former prowess, do not view them with cold in-
difference, but are.' rather alive for the glory of
their forefathers, and disposed to imitate the
deeds that have illustrated the Straits of Ther-
mopyiz, the field of Marathon, and the shores
of Salamis. The spirit which once animated the
Greeks and obtained for them the admiyation of
posterity; that spirit which made death preferable
to slavery, though it has long lain dormant, is 1191 V
awakened ; and Greece again witnesses the ex-
ptoits of her children in the sacred cause of freedom.
Alone and unsupported, having to contend not
only against a powerful oppressor at hemp, but
also against the narrow-minded prejudice of no
less powerful enemies abroad, they have still un-
dauntedly raised the standard of liberty, and
hitherto successfully repelled all the a ttacks of
these tyrants. Such a scene, and in so enlightened
an age, must be viewed with considerable interest,
and would awaken the generous sympathy of
every noble minded people, were not their
genuine sentiments kept down by the illiberal'
principles, which form the basis of the Holy Al-
liance. Scarcely will posterity credit that civi-
lized Europe, in the nineteenth century, saw the
Greeks, to n hose forefathers it stands indebted
for its sciences, its arts, and its civilization, make
one struggle to throw off the most oppressive and
degrading yoke, and yet refused to lend a help-
ing hand !
