THE ARMY.

(From the London Gazette of last night. )
War-Office, June 18.
Ist Regiment of Life Guards.—Capt. H. R. Wyatt to
be Major and Lieut.-Colonel, by purchase, vice the Earl of
ITxbridge, promoted. Dated May 21, 1827.—Lieut. E.
C. Fletcher to be Captain, by purchase, vice Wyatt ; Cornet
and Sub-Lieutenant H. B. Baring to he Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Fletcher.
sth Regiment of Dragoon Guards--Lieut. H. E.
Beville, from the half-pay, to be Lieut., vice Sir W. H.
St. L. Clarke, who exchanges, receiving the difference.
May 31.
13th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Capt. J. Crossley,
from the half-pay, to be Captain, vice H. Heyman, who
exchanges, receiving the difference. July 12, 1826.
Lieut. P. P. Neville, from the 30th Foot, to be Lieutenant,
vice Evered, who exchanges. Nov. 9, 1826.
17th Ditto—Sergeant-Major D. Hanson to be Cornet,
by purchase, vice Need, promoted. Cornet D. Hanson to
be Adjutant, vice Barron, who resigns the Adjutancy only.
Royal Waggon Train—Lieut. W. Dean, from the Retired
List of the let Royal Veteran Battalion, to be Lieutenant,
vice Morrison, promoted.
15th Regiment of Foot—Captain A. Davis, from the
75th Foot, to he Captain, vice J. Bennett, who retires
upon half-pay, receiving the difference. Slat May, 1827.
23d Ditto—Honourable H. T. Stanley to be Second
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Stretton, promoted. sth
June, 1827.
25th Ditto—Hospital-Assistant J. Stuart to be Assist-
ant-Surgeon, vice Reid, promoted in the 35th Foot. Slat
May, 1827.
30th Ditto—Lieut.-Col. H. Stackpole, from the 45th
Foot, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice Vigoureux, who ex-
changes. 20th December, 1826.
To he Lieutenants.—Lieut. R. A. Andrews, from the
48th Foot, vice Blackall, who exchanges. Nov. 8, 1826.
—Lieut. J. G. Evered, from the 13th Light Dragoons,
vice Neville, who exchanges. 9th Nov. 1926.—Lieut. C.
Tobin, from the 54th Foot, vice Schoof, who exchanges.
11 Nov. 1826.—Ensign C. W. Barrow, vice Lewis, de-
ceased. 15th Dec. 1826.
To be Ensign—H. W. Magee, Gent. vice Barrow,
Dec. 15, 1826.
T e_ M. Caldwell_ from the 13th

Foot, to he Lieutenant, vice promoted. Tune 5,
1827.
34th Ditto—Surgeon R. Ayton, from the 91st Foot, to
be Surgeon, vice R. Orton, who retiree upon half-pay let
Royal Veteran Battalion. May 51, 1827.
35th Ditto—To be Lieutenants—Lieut. W. O'Hara,
from the 47th Foot, vice Macpherson, promoted. May
31, 1827. Lieut. J. Tedlie, from the half-pay, vice
O'Keeffe, promoted. June 6.
To BE SURGEON-Assistant-Surgeon F. Reid, from the
25th Foot, vice Prosser, deceased.
38th ditto—Lieut. R. Matthew to be Captain, vice
Seymour, deceased. January s.—Ensign E. Evans to be
Lieutenant, vice Matthew. January 5.—R. Hayes, Gent.
to be Ensign, vice Evans. January 5.
44th Ditto—To be Lieutenants, by purchase—Ensign
J. D. Young, rice Evans; who retires. Jan. 7.—Ensign
G. G. B. Lowther, vice O'Halloran, promoted in the
99th Foot. May 31. To be Ensigns, by purchase—E.
Stuart, Gent. vice Young. Jan. 1827.—R. A. Daniell,
Gent. vice Lowther. May 31.
45th Ditto—Lieut.-Col. C. A. Vigoureux, from the
30th Foot, to be Lieut.-Colonel, vice Stackpole, who ex-
changes. Dec. 20, 1826.
Lieut. D. A. Courtayne, from the 87th Foot, to he
Lieut., vice Elliott, who exchanges. Nov. 12, 1820.
48th Ditto.—Lieut. J. Blackall, from the 30th Foot,
to be Lieutenant, vice Andrews, who exehanges. Nov.
8, 1826.
50th Ditto.—Lieut. Chas. Willes to be Quartermaster,
vice Baxter, deceased. May 31, 1827.
52d Ditto—Capt. Lord C. J. F. Russell, from the 56th
Foot, to be Captain, vice G. Berkeley, who retires upon
half-pay, receiving the difference. May 31, 1827.
54th Ditto—Lieut. M. Schoof, from the 30th Foot, to
be Lieut. vice Tobin, who exchanges. Nov. 11, 1826.
56th Ditto—Captain G. M. Eden, from the half-pay, to
be Captain, paying the difference, vice Lord C. J. F. Rus-
sell, appointed to the 52d Foot. May 31, 1827.
59th Ditto—Lieut. L. Carmichael to be Captain, vice
Stevenson, deceased. Dec. 5, 1826. Sergeant-Major D.
Calde to be Adjutant, with the rank of Ensign, vice Car-
michael, promoted. Dec. 5, 1826.
60th Ditto—Lieutenant J. M. Spearman, from half-pay
Royal Artillery, to he Lieutenant, vice Evans, promoted.
May 24, 1827.
75th Ditto—Capt. G. Hume, from the half-pay, to be
Captain, paying the difference, vice Davis, appointed to the
15th Foot. May 31, 1827,
76th Ditto—Lieut. C. F. Norton, from the half-pay, to
be Lieut., vice Beers, promoted. 19th June, 1827.
86th Ditto—H. Heron, Gent. to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Davis, promoted. 19th June, 1827.
87th Ditto—Lieut. R. C. Elliot, from the 45th Foot,
to be Lieutenant, vice Courtayne, who exchanges. 12th
November, 1826.
91st Ditto—Surgeon M. Lamert, from half-pay let
Royal Veteran Battalion, to be Surgeon, vice Ayton, ap-
pointed to the 34th Foot. 31st May, 1827.
UNATTACHED.-Lieut. K. D. Lloyd, from the 45th
Foot, to be Captain of Infantry, by purchase, vice Amherst,
whose promotion has not taken place. May 31, 1827.
Ensign E. Davis, from the 66th Foot, to be Lieut. of In-
fantry, by purchase. June 19, 1827.
The under-mentioned Lieutenants, actually serving upon
full-pay in Regiments of the Line, whose commissions are
dated in or previous to the year 1811, have accepted pro-
motion upon half-pay, according to the General Order of
the 27th December last :
Lieut. 0. Beere, from the 76th Foot. Lieut. W.
Penny, from the 80th Foot. Lieut. C. Morrison, from
the Royal Waggon Train. June 19, 1827.
AfFMORANDA.-The promotion of Brevet Major Champ,
of the 43d Foot, to the unattached rank of Major, and
the appointment of Captain Wrottesley, from the half-pay,
to he Captain in the 43d Foot in succession, are to be
dated the Sd February, 1827, and not the 19th September,
1826, as formerly stated.
The appointment of Capt. Muttlebury, from the half-
pay, `-to be Captain in the 97th rnot, was vice Logie,
pron-i,ted, and not vice Morris, promoted, as stated in the
Gavitte of the sth inst.
Lieut. W. S. Austin, upon half-pay Royal West India
Rangers, has been allowed to dispose of his half-pay, dated
June 19, 1827

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

IMPERIAL PA RLIAMENT

HOUSE OF LORDS.

The London Harbour Bill was read a third time, and
passed.
Lord SIDMOUTH presented a petiton from Reading,
praying for the abolition of slavery.
Sir Alexander Grant and others brought up the Bill for
carrying into effect the treaty between his Majesty and the
Emperor of Brazil, for the final abolition of the Slave
Trade ; the New South Wales Administration of Justice
Bill ; the Dissenters' Marriage Bill; the Leith Police Bill ;
the Remedies against Hundreds Bill ; the Criminal Justice
Bill ; and the Larceny Consolidation Bill.
Mr. Tomlyns, from the Treasury, presented a return of
the number of bank-notes in circulation.

Lord ROSLYN presented a petition front Dover,
against the importation of foreign wool.
A similar petition was presented from a place in the
county of Suffolk.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY asked when he
might gain any information respecting the papers which
he asked for some time ago ?
Lord GODERICH said, I cannot answer specifically
for the time, but the papers are in due progress, and shall
inquire and let the Noble Lord know. Perhaps I may
take this opportunity of answering two questions which
were put to me yesterday, and when, undoubtedly, some
comments were made on my net being in my place
to answer them. With respect to that, my absence did not
arise from any disrespect to your Lordships, or from any
unwillingness on my part to discharge my duties in your
Lordships' House, however unpleasant the discharge of
those duties may be. The fact of my individual absence
arose from indisposition, but which was removed in the
course of the day. With regard to the absence of
any Noble Friends of mine, I certainly was asked,
whether I thought there was any necessity for their
being in their places yesterday. There stood no busi-
ness of any importance, nor seemed to be any thing of con-
sequence for that day, therefore I said it did not appear to
me there was any cause for their presence. For my own
part I should have been present but for the reason I have
adverted to, and I think I have not shown, since I
have been a Member of your Lordships' House, any
disposition to absent myself. My Lords, I must say,
that if my Noble Friends bad put those questions
direct to me, or given me any notice that they meant to
have put them, I certainly should have endeavoured to
leave been present, and felt it my duty to have given an-
swers to them whatever the difficulty might have been
but it cannot be expected I am to anticipate questions.
The first was, whether it was my intention to proceed with
the Average Bill ? That Bill propose many improvements,
and I propose to read it a second time to-morrow, should it be
convenient to the House. The other question related to
the point how is was proposed with reference to a measure
not now before this House, to regulate the taking of
the averages by which the importation of Corn should
be known, and whether it should he taken weekely
as proposed in the Bill which has not been proceeded in,
or whether it should be taken according to the Amendments
in the Committee? My answer to that it, that I have
every reason to 'believe that the Bill to come up will
contain a clause regulating the mode of taking the averages
on the same principle as that adopted by the Committee of
this House on the other Bill.
The Marquis of SALISBURY considered it very import-

• .
ant indeed to the agriculturist to ICIOW what saepromo moue
of taking the average of the prices of Cora, was to be
throughout the United Kingdom. He hoped the Noble
Lord would turn this over in his mind, and move some
amendment respecing it.
The Earl of MALMESBURY wished the Noble Lord
would lay before the House some proposition which would
enable the House to discuss the question fairly wad fully.
It was of essential importance for the House to have an
accurate return of the quantity of corn in bond.
Lord GODERICH would endeavour, befere the House
rose, to give notice, as nearly as he could, of what his mo-
tion should be.

Lord LAUDERDALE thought it impossible that the
House could have any return with regard to the quantity
of corn imported from Canada, so that the House with re-
spect to that quarter, would have to labour in the dark.
