PREACH. PA 1)1,./i9.

TArtis, OtT. a4stned that GenPrat
Dc.c,.eti.h'd4 set out f)r Spain, whoa be will bite s
cuttinitiod in Catalonia.

AMiTELIDAM, OCT. 14.—Yekterday the P,rope
ror gave andienee to the Court of Accounts, to the
Heods of religious worship, to the lostitote..oril. •
land, to the 'Professors of 'the Atherornm, to .tuba
Commissioners of the 13. ink, 'as well as m a Low q)bet.
of distinguished persons of this city. if is Nliijr"-ty
condescended' to receive At the flame time all the
Fiuknionaries who 'Live already had the honow (fit,
being presented to him.
His. Majesty then went to hilliness with his Mini,.
tors, and st.itn the differer.t Con:tolls of Cotnnierkti
and of (...:ustoms;

We are aisored, that l.'s Majesty has decreed, the
establishment of a great rope•work for the r7.av3l
vice, at Anisterdam. P. If racks of briA, for 10J12,-
ing trnops,oire algo, it .13 sa.id, to be built at ,
near U'verot.

His Majesty, who ViI3S have Set Oct this ronrn.
ing for the fielder, typears to have pat oti his-
otirttey.
..VIENNA, OCT. RO7Ol 'Highness Prince
Amthon7.of Saxony, arid' the Arclicheht
atler passing three tinyi in .613 capital, have retorted
to ShlovieL

Yesterday morning, at Do minu.es brat
slight Shock Of an eattltri lake waq tilt at the oi,s-r.
vatery of the Universiti,.whicii I islet! three 4econriso
The motion of rend )1 M 4 %UM 11+,i slOpPed ; 'Oat 3
lantern soipended su Iv Uh4ervat or; Hail tval•dightly
9haken. This 'phenomenon w:l4 fait At the. ~aloa
time in other parts of this capital.
The lope of seeing toi, improve vu'ini of oar'
enorso of exchang-• .yevorday. St
waa Won at ut.?7 woe toxpe.zt th,ou to 9t3t it id
£OO.

-.lt is believed that thp revenues of4-he
rick of Olro.o .will -be consi,,er:l,i.ly diininished ;
but a tine proprity %via still
.11:41)d1i.,;3v.,,c„ d „,
The Coma do Tratit t achtlort; itt 1,,,1103)
of z, is named AS Stle4eS4Ur thi4
sioce tiw-Art...4duke Rotiolith hits

CASiEL., (WEICITHALIA,) OtiT. 3.-11i4Maj sly
ba, issue,i a deetee, oideiing ih the regiment of
I.ght bi.rit„ of his. guard Khali IV armed %yob
and 0491 take the name of 4110 Li4llt-110rae
ciers DI the guards ; mid ako that, the Ist tvginiviit
of Lighi-biirse of the line shall be sluilaily
and take the name of the Ist regiment of tdght-horio
lanetert;

TouLori, 06T. i,)"...7-oetteial Lariboksiefo, lit.
*rant-General of Artilit:ry, !its byi--,) in our city
for 1 111Qath past. fie 110, '1?
rrvi:teti on the of , ii.,d
Bafou, anct lit the p,,int ()I );(4 rIX(711, 'oo
SLII3 awl at SeVer:ll 0,0)(i 0! lb, u
Lityl, mounted ‘yittLayt!t,,,y rtl .t invi.n. ),,,
,
cm ‘betovoco or tnese ,
ground err the Hyoret, 1,14.4
IU tat(e, bet ‘Vill htni.lvntsult is +Cil+'d
Art Enitilt shy 1',145 jll6t.
thf,
Titis ship h“,lng onfeted iv,tt
chortti wttere Ow. 6quadrou bad

ik
1

9 ,
S
t ...

towed to come to an anchor Without being reached,
was immediately tired at and hit. She at once cut her
cables, nntae olf,, keeping the middle of the
ba•age between the isli sot rorquerolles and Por•
' tem.,. It ,cast unfertunate ti,a, fifteen pieces
of
artillery, deioined fur the defeni.e of this passage,
cot .id not he 111'4(A on at.ronnt of the thickuess
ot`';t r vvetot.er ; this ship would not have other-
wise got off so well.
ST. Pea airnis'ueg, Suer, :2 —According to let-
set., from o.iessa,- dated the 13111, commerce, both
by sea and land, becomes there every day mere
11,06,411A1 he seggestion of
,tbe Duke de
11 elelive, GOveriontnt is taking measores for re.
tmoving.the obstacles welch have hitherto Motu..
rat . dell the oavi4ation of 'he Dneister and the Sod.
By this n eans h, expOrt of the prOduce of the
tile Pedoli/ has betome easy, as well as the, cow.-
municoton wit'‘ Lemberg and Brody. Several new
silk and wo.hen maoutactures have this yeitr bt en
estritalisle-d at Odessa. The improted breed's of
sheep it, the s-uthern provinces of the Empire fur-
nish' 4001 of ihe greatest Aileness , the raw si;k
bretight train Persia, and the Russian governments
on flie horde's of the Black Seat and the Calean.
1„e of the turner' of theie seas has been
secure all the sumin,:r ; the flotilla stationed at Se-
bastopol his prreeNeti it tram she enemy's ships of
War. At the' beginning of this month; they had
'maul nothiog rat the sailing of the Turkish floe!,
or of the great rxpedition which the Capitan Pacha
was to have attempted against the Crimea ; they
were beides completly.tranquilized by . the men.
sorest which she Doke de Richelieu had taken against
every ~vent.
I.lTitactir, OCT. 6.—The march of events had
bronglii Holland to _the situation of being no longer
an indepepdent nation, but 'a sim,.le commeicial.
;aunty between England and the Cootillent. France,
forced to exclude her blind and implacable enemies
front the Continent,' e as, of occessity, obliged to
change the destinies of 11611,red. It this country
had remained shut up between the sea on One side,
and the lino of French ct,stom-houses on the oilier,
site would have, had but' a precarious independence, •
accutnpanied with the total sum of individuals, and
even with a gener4 famine. United to ,the great
empire, Holland suffers, undoubtedly,' all that a
commercial house must stiffer which loses her at.
ci,ol relations; bee, at least, she does not sutler
witheut hope. Situ mutt foresee, that a powcr,so
for as France cannot in the end, be dew tvcd„
of 'the .benefit .of a safe and huneurable maritime
peace; a peace which, thencelot ward. will gearautee
to the Dutch a new sphere of activity, not
teusive, and much leis precariousithan that of which
they were .4),lsiets, in the last ceotury„ Situated
at the mown ot the Rhine, the finest- riser
uh France and get many, Ho;land is tbe naturitt
port awl the ctiturpon market of plow vast and itch
countries test are waieredby s.. many rivers, the pi-
ten ~ries at .the Reine; the Alt s Se is aerland ;
the vieryales and corn-fiehas washed.bt the Moselle
and the Meuse, the decker. and the ,Mein ; the
woods and miees of the Vosges, the Ardent), s, the
Black Vereq, and the Odenvvalil ; the tuanulactut es
of. Appenzell, Zurich, Witternburgh, Franklort,
Ilan3t), ace : such are the objet is it) '1.4 It ch the
speculating spirit ot 'the Dottits, become krekhmen,
will 1a directed. 131,1 will r,e the agents ot all she
northern part of the. great Empire. Thar Dutch,
who are the most attached I. ,t he old coturuerciel.w-
pit; ation of their country,, ;eel these truths, profu,k,.
awl irculate them anneigst the least: enlightened
classes. Titus the Duich people.have every whew,
during the Etnpoor's tour, exhibited ,the most 'per-
fect Confidence in the , genius awl fortune of this
woo. N1()))31c1). tits Majesty arrived among tri
while we were raising the second year's conscription,‘
anq I,C On jut.l,e himself with what facility this
Was exectllk7l, which unites unt)er the same
glandald the u a: iiors of old and new France.
The Dutch seamen feel, with some pride, that.
they
.form on, of the most essential branches of the
French Empire ; and it is partly OW their talents,
jeal, ant e,,nrage, that the Continent relies for The
atiival of the happy epoch of. the *freedom o$ the
teas. 'The Flemish, German, aid. Danish .sea Men,
almmt the same language as the Dutch,
hating tle sate; manners, fraternise, cm beard the
Scheldt taco, with the countrymen of ftuYter
.and
T.omp, Is it to be believed, that, among so many
stamen, re will not arise:talents capable of fight-
ing, and even of conquering, 'the. All
elan, :s are convinced, that. t be, present ills of, tialland
treed solely horn her having .beets .a, colony of
..Eugland ; ~nd that lier future hopes are founded
'solely upon being a province of the French Empire.
'I lag pasttite end evident tad strikes all minds.,
.w,hinevcr be .their dispositions. Hence the English
infltieece is become tritium null with the mass at the
eat ion ; and when we are told that the
.English have
sill much hiendship for us,, we feel' that it is
ititertskd friendship of a_ tnerchant, who, by.his
has lost a skiltrd and intelligent clerk.
Moreove-r, the ,Emperor is visiting our cities, ports,
nod (1) kes—he iiieuties into our wants, studies our
tesotirces, and wilt trove here, as every where else,
tainGratle marks of his visit, .

Two 'Pangs or, FIETRIaI THOUSAND POUNDS
THesday Ina the Lottery began and finished' ‘lien.
the following Capital Prizes were shared atid.soid
#ll lucky Offices, 2, Cornbill, and ill, Cu.
v4ittry -street, Pit,Caddly--NO. 3,343, 15,0001.
Cia-K A. itv wt:ole Ticket ;—No. 3;343, Cla,s 13;
15 oslOl. in Sixt,entlis ;—No. 4,0'45, A. 1,0001:
Twt, 0-artrtsattct Light.Sixieenrhs
am C. ~,(!of. in Sixiven Sixtvefiths. The toritmat,
s ot the athtvto Capital may sveeive their
Itidtittey on. Demand, or exchan:A. therra for.
and Skit% s .in the New State .Lottery to be drawntilt .
Novembo. next. .
Five Ttiotht,AND rOUNDS ! !—The Tiket
(Class drawn on 40-it'ssl4 lint ' Prize of
6,0001, ..W4B sold in one Fourth, one Eighth,,and ten
sixtte,oll shar,..,, with sever ii othcr Cfliiitals, at
CA ItTliftea, 0, Charing-etoss,' wbete the foram,"
limy I. ei.iye their Money on detiliincl.—
Tict.;ets and Shares the on sale at the atiiitve
nate Office for the Little State Lottely‘to.J.:77.,tira%Vo
)91i, Novt-mbo• neitt, containing tt.ot,
ib,oool. and oily 6,500 iiellets.
Couto ettrziT Dow...s.ns.—A considerable 'nurti.
Let ore ittiwt tit Lart.tAition, of the date ut 1,SO4::
they ore well executed, but sound badly, antl.ate
likewise very deticienrin

MAI 1.5.
SiViLD-2 Malta, r Heligoland, t Dublin.
Dus-.4 Waiettortl.
Nitta v. lir *COCKS
?Kai pm( • f tw.I.VU O'CL6CIG.
CNISCAS . . 63- if 1 Using= . die.

T 1i SUN.

ioLigb4 QUI* LUCIUS& PAI4UM AUDIIAT

N 0 0 A.
TIIVItSD4V. OCTOBER 11,14, 1811.

Lut night some more French papers reached
town. They contain a detail of Boos A YARTCS pro«
ccedings at Amstiadatn, and an insulting account of

the inestimable benefits which the people of 13olland
have reccitcd, and are in futuretso.receive from the
man %lto has reduced them from wealth: to belmary,
--tram independence to slavery. Thetie.l'iper4.
speak of the number of Flemish, German, and
DWI seamen,. collefted to man the fleet irt the'
Scheldt, • and obset vt: ►haras they speak nearly
,the
awe 14ttguao as the Dtticls, they fraternize. ",try
' with them. Thu DiMISII seamen,- it arpeari
.
this statement, have been forced into the ser,,
vice of iluotiolart, and if it had not been for the,

providence :mil vigour of the British Government;
the Danish Fleet would now form a part of the
French Navy. Those sagacious Statesmen who
would have given up the Peninsula without a
struggle, would also have let BUONAPAIITE get. pos-
seision of the Danish Fleet Without an rtfort: to
pre, eufhint ; but the public Opittioti..is now settled
with respeet to the wisdom of the conduit of Ad-
ministtation on tharoce as.on.

A .Malu mail arrived tin, uwart►ing; we have ex,o

tracied 'win it a very curloui aroule upon lhe
prestot statc o Nvirs. 1 is r6portrcl that tncre
has born a sr noth in.turei'liatt at Naples' but the.
uutttor►ty in oat

We twelve(' some BoelloB Ayres eapers this.
raeriiit)g, eisit they MC tool 01 SO !ecent a date as.
tliote %fifth hate alreittiy reactted,us. •

We this morning lecetved :the following Letter
from our Coricsimodent at POrtsmouth. We hope
the intelligelce it conialtiti w ill turn out to be t. u :
PotaaMullTH, °GT. Geode-
men were landed this morning train the rlke'rrr f,
DowuvAN In .blet, a lutltlitii; ship frotuCadiz,
piacu she:lett eight days Inoue, at wis)Ch time the
Pretir.b were vigorously hesirging the, gurnion.6l
Cadiz, but their file was 'not sufficient 111 do arty
IntlWits! damage, not was a returned by the gar-
