e

WITH WHICH
THE " TRUE SUN " IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 31, 1833.

Among the many interesting publications which
have recently appeared on the important subject of the
danger to British interests from the aggressive policy
pursued by Russia, we have met with none deserving
of more serious attention than a pamphlet entitled
" Progress and Present Position of Russia in the
East," from which a copious extract will be found in
another part of The Sun. The first edition appeared
two years ago ; but as the danger to England was not
then judged so imminent as even to disturb the repose
of his late and her present MAJESTY'S Ministers, it
attracted but little notice ; and would probably have
been forgotten, had not recent occurrences in the East
proved that the Author's predictions were as well-
founded as his facts were unquestionable. It is lament-
able to observe the extent of real danger which is ne-
cessary to rouse the public mind of England to any-
thing like a just vigilance with respect to the foreign
policy of the Government. Though more interested
in questions of Oriental policy than any other nation
in Europe, and possessing greater facilities for the ac-
quirement of all necessary knowledge, England is behind
most of them in any regard to what passes beyond the
range of her military stations in the Mediterranean.
-While JOHN BULL refuses to trust -Ministers with the
sole management of a Turnpike Act, and believes
himself swindled unless he is officially informed where
fore he is called upon to pay a penny additional tax
upon gin, he never thinks that he neglects his duty in
leaving the Executive to dispose, as it pleases, of the
trade and revenues of territories an hundred times as
extensive as that which he emphatically calls his own
—the British Isles. For the last four days nothing
has been talked of in the City but the invasion of
Persia by the CZAR, and the dangers which threaten
our Indian Empire. Has this danger wholly originated
in any recent act on the part of Russia, to ac-
count for the numbers that now seem to speak
of it for the first time ? Far from it. The danger
now is scarcely more perceptible than it was to
discerning politicians half a century ago. Then, no
less than now, it was foreseen that the steady aggres-
sive system, silently and unremittingly pursued by
Russia, from the accession of PETER the First, had
for its ultimate object the prostration of Poland, the
subjugation of Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, the
humiliation of Germany, the division of Turkey, and
the conquest of the whole of the ancient Empire of
Persia. Russia obeys no sudden impulse in seeking
to establish the sovereignty of her influence in
Khorassan—her schemes to that effect are among the
legacies bequeathed to her present Cabinet, and there-
fore to express astonishment at the intrigues by which
she now seeks to embroil us with the Princes of Persia,
with a view to succeed us in the Empire of the East,
is to betray a total ignorance of the whole history and
principles of her Government. The only wonder is,
that a nation like England, so powerful, and so
deeply interested in the aggressive movements of such
a Barbarian Power as Russia, should suffer herself to
be duped by professions of friendship, which she must
know were never made but to deceive. Did the
shadow of civilization follow the arms of Russia the
moralist might find some excuse for indulging her
thirst for conquest; but serfage, and the brutal manners
of her own illiterate boors, are all that she has bestowed,
or can bestow, upon the unhappy races compelled to
acknowledge her sovereignty. The Author of the
pamphlet, which has furnished the text for these obser-
vations, has supplied an excellent map, in which the
territorial acquisitions of Russia since the accession of
PETER 1., are very distinctly laid down. Their ex-
tent in all directions is truly startling. In little more
than a century she has appropriated more than half of
Sweden ; from Poland an extent nearly equal to the
Austrian empire ; from Turkey, in Europe and Asia,
territory equal to Prussia, and the whole of the lesser
German States ; from Persia, an extent of country as
large as England ; besides a seizure of Tartarian Khan-
ships and principalities equal in size to the whole of Tur-
key in Europe, Greece, Italy, and Spain I So much for
the aggressive policy of a Power whose professions are
always pacific, and who always stipulates for an eter-
nity of friendship between herself and her allies.
The conquests of Russia are less the consequences of
her physical force, than the results of her intrigue
and treachery. A war with so compact a Power as
England would soon convince the world that she is
not invincible in the field ; and the sooner such a war
is resolved upon, the less blood and treasure it will
cost to give independence to Turkey, nationality to
Poland, and stability and peace to our India❑ em-
pire. No one will lightly suspect us of any love for
the Tories, and yet we protest that we would prefer
supporting a Tory Ministry to-morrow that would, by
a war with Russia, give freedom to Poland and seen-
xity to the East, than continue the support of a Whig
or even a Radical Cabinet, content to purchase the
peace which we now enjoy on the dishonourable terms at
which it has been maintained for the last eight years.

We again call attention to a correspondence con-
cernino those unjust exactions on passengers coming
into London from the Continent by steam-vessels,
which are levied under the presumed authority of the
Custom-house. We are glad to learn, from Mr.
KER's letter to Mr. FLOWER, that the Board of
Customs does not authorize the tax of 6d. on every
little parcel or package brought by a passenger in one
of the Boulogne steam-boats. We are glad to learn
also that the Treasury appears to discountenance the
proceeding ; and henceforth it will be the fault of the
public,
if they submit to be taxed by Messrs. JACK-
SON and KNILL. To Mr. HENRY FLOWER, who
properly and judiciously took up the question, and
produced the letters we now publish from the Trea-
sury and the Board of Customs, the public is much
indebted, and will he ungrateful to that gentleman, as
well as negligent of its own interests, if it do not
resist the payment of the sixpence.
Unfortunately we can affirm, from our own experi-
ence, that up to a late period it was levied, and every
trifling package and parcel was taken away from the
passengers coming over from Boulogne, and placed in
the vessel's hold, in order to levy the sixpence on each.
In consequence of the letter from the Board of Customs,
we must assert that this is done without their autho-
rity, and that those who have small bundles will be
justified in refusing to give them up. We know that
such is the regulation on hoard steam-boats coming
from Hamburg, where the Custom-house officers wil
examine on board such small parcels as ladies carry in
their hatAls, and even their night bags, which they al-

low to go on shore, without sending them to the bag-
gage wareho. The practice on board the Boulogne
steam-boats, i,aoctioned by the presence at, least of the
Custom-House officers, of taking small bundles is,
therefore, unwarranted and ought to be opposed.
The pretext for it is to pay the expense of landing the
luggage, but it costs nothing to land the luggage of
passengers coming by steam-boats from Hamburg.
It is conveyed to the Custom-house, and from there
put into the traveller's possession without any charge.
But even that pretext does not apply to any kind of
luggage which passengers carry in their own hands,
nnd to charge 6d. for every such package must be
stigmatised as an impudent extortion.

We must also observe that the Custom-house does
not always use due diligence in clearing the luggage of
passengers. Only last week, persons (whom we
know) coming from Boulogne, were detained no less
than five hours after the arrival of the vessel before
they could get their luggage, and they were not the
last on the list. The Board of Customs is bound to
provide more officers and more accommodation for
clearing luggage ; but, like other Boards, it seems
to have no notion of adapting its measures
to the public wants. The number of passengers
by steam-vessels from the Continent has of late prodi-
giously increased—it is always numerous about this
period of the year—and to meet that increase the Cus-
tom-house should appoint, if necessary, more officers,
and provide more apartments. Suppose that 2,000
passengers arrive weekly from the Continent, and that
each is detained on an average two hours only, while
some are detained six, that will amount to 4,000 hours
per week of precious time which the Board of Cus-
toms lavishes and wastes, because it will not employ
an additional searcher or two. The present tardy sys-
tem is unbearable. The Legislature taxes French
silks and laces, and the Board of Customs, unautho-
rized by law, taxes our time. The money levied for
the purposes of the State is a trifling evil compared to
the drafts which the lazy or negligent. officials make on
our patience. It is even a disgrace to the public that
the passengers arriving in this commercial country should
be detained at all, or should be subject to have their
coffers examined.
Those who have witnessed the examination know
that it is little better than a mere form, and yet ladies'
clothes and gentlemen's books, when nicely packed,
are pulled and hauled about in an unseemly and offen-
sive manner. On some parts of the Continent they
put it to the honour of passengers that they have no
goods liable to duty, and on receiving such a declara-
tion the passengers' trunks are admitted unopened.
Why could not such a regulation, greatly to the
public advantage, be adopted here ? The revenue
would scarcely suffer, for a very small sum is levied
on the articles which persons are inclined to smuggle.
Most of the smuggling is to evade protecting duties,
such as the duties on silks, laces, and gloves, not
to evade duties ordained for the sake of the revenue.
They are a part of the Corn-law system of plundering
one class to enrich another. The least of the many
evils inflicted on the community by such duties is the
tax, which is all that the purblind legislator sees
when he ordains it. The revenue, then, would not
suffer by allowing passengers to bring in their luggage
unexamined, and if that led to such an evasion of the
protecting duties cs rendered them of no avail, we
should praise the smuggling as a national benefit.
But whatever regulation may be adopted, it is quite
clear that the present vexatious system, which is a tax
on time and patience never contemplated by the Legis-
lature, must be amended.

Barbadoes Journals to the 23d of September inclu-
sive, have been received this morning. The accounts
which they bring are very satisfactory. The following
article from the Barbadoes Liberal of the 22d, will be
found to include an excellent summary of the news of
the Island, as far as regards the working of the Negro
Emancipation Act :
As the packet will sail to-morrow, we cannot, perhaps, oc-
cupy a few spare minutes to better advantage, than in giving
our friends in England some account of the present state of
affairs in this colony. The factious endeavours of the pro-
slavery remnant are kept greatly in check by the untiring
watchfulness of the friends of liberty, and our prospects are
now much more cheering than they were a few weeks ago.
We have much fewer complaints of improper treatment made
to us by the labourers against their employers, and the few
that are, are either individual cases, or confined to proper-
ties of absentees, whose attorneys and managers, perhaps,
have an eye to leases on easy terms, if the properties are
unproductive. Wherever the labourer is not subject to
decidedly bad treatment, and his fair wages offered him,
there, with few exceptions, be is labouring contentedly ;
and where his treatment is positively good—where the em-
ployer (or others in authority) shew a generous, kind, and
concililatory disposition towards him, he is cheerfully indus-
trious, and willing to do anything to oblige—the estate is in
flourishing condition, and employer and labourer mutually
benefited by this proper understanding of their conjoint in-
terests. A few estates are remarkably backward in their
cultivation—almost in a state of ruin. They are, for the
most part, as b'fore said, the estates of absentee pro-
prietors, and their condition may, without exception, be re-
ferred to the bad conduct of those who have the manage-
ment of them. These worthless men take every improper
advantage of the labourer ; give him excessive tasks, in
which he is allowed to have no judgment ; withhold
from him his wages for what he is able to do ; and besides, exer-
cise a power of fining him at their pleasure, by turning him
back from his work, and complaining to the Magistrate and
having him punished for breach of contract, should be go else-
where to work.

The vigilance exercised by the Governor is a great check
upon the Magistrates ; who are now expected to make half-
monthly returns to his Excellency, of cases decided by them.
His Excellency cannot, however, have eyes everywhere; the
returns may be, and, in some cases, we have good reason for
saying, are falsified by omissions ; and, in general, all that
his Excellency can do, is to determine on the reported class of
offence and the degree of punishment awarded. The evidence
in any particular case cannot, of course, appear on the face
of the return. It cannot, therefore, be known whether
the case was made out or not, unless where his Excel-
lency should see cause to d;-mand copies of evidence taken on
trial. This is a great obstacle in the way of the Executive,
and, as matters now are, it is utterly unavoidable. It enables
Magistrates, with comparatively little risk of detection, to
class a thousand frivolous complaints, and award punishments
without the least warranty of law, under the general head of
'• Breaches of Conti act" or the like.

The Governor, in a mess:ige to the Assembly, has lately
brought the subject of the Assistant Court of Appeal before
.
th,.. Legislature ; complaining of the defectiveness law
of the a
constituting it, and of its consequent impracticability.
An
Amendmentby the
Hon.s
Act()
Solicitor-General,
ca t
os since e
nbeereai
andnt introduced druecaedd t
,ivn;
Should the
cto the_ t.h
House House,
the same day, adjourning for four weeks
()Teat check
amendment pass, and the Court bepl,aie, daoian efficient foot.
ing, as desired by his Excellency, it ,ll ffoird "
a b
on magisterial delinquencies, and diminish the difficulties in
the way of the Executive.
It will diminish but not remove those difficulties. They
spring from a defective Constitution—a Constitution framed
for the state of slavery ; well adapted perhaps to that state,
and therefore the more unsuitable to the present state of free-
dom. To remove those difficulties in the administration of
justice, and to remedy the evils which afflict the colony, remodel
the Constitution to suit our present state ; justly apportion the
power which is now, as in slavery, exclusively enjoyed by one
class, among the several classes; alter the Election Laws, and
extend the suffrage to a fair and reasonable proportion of the
poor and middle classes_wealth will always have its proper
influence on human opinion. Do this ; or if this be con-
sidered impolitic in the present revolutionised state of our
society, suspend the Constitutions of the Colonies, as in the case
of Canada, whose circumstances cannot more have required
it than ours, and give us a temporary Government, by Com-
mission, :in which the undoubtedly qualified of all classes may
take part. Let our friends in England consider this matter
well; and if they cannot procure for us a good Constitution,
suited to the present circumstances of colonial society, let
them, at least, endeavour to rid us of the many evils una-
voidably consequent on the working of a bad one, not at all
suited to those circumstances.

No doubt now rernaini; that the Northern Yacht
steamer, with all on board, has been lost off' the coast
of Scotland. After the dreadful loss of life, within
the last twelve months, caused by steam-boat accidents,
every one as why the Government does not take
immediate steps to counteract the evil. Many of these
accidents have occurred in consequence of the gross
11Cgoliaence or rgekless conduct, of the proprietors and
and their obstinacy human life
their events;rthebake of profit, is such, that, in all probability,

the practice will continue till put down by the verdicts
of Juries, or some act of the Executive. The forma,
however, is a slow process. The latter is speedy
and the public voice would sanction any rational
measure they might adopt till the meeting of Par-
liament. We have three months to come of the most
dangerous weather in the year before any Legislative
Act can be passed, and, judging from what has already
occurred; we can anticipate only a continuation of the
evil. The safety of the people ought to be the first
object of all Governments ; and ours will incur no
slight responsibility, if it should allow this reckless
system to continue, merely because it might have to
apply for an Act of Indemnity.

The Paris Journals of Monday have all been re-
ceived. The following extracts from them include all
the news they contain of any interest :
A letter from St. Jean Pied de Port says—" General Imre-
gny (El Pastor), has been here for some days—we do not
know the purpose of bii coming here. Munagorri has like-
wise been here; he left this morning. Yesterday he went to
Baggori to see a recruiting officer whom he has there, and
probably his new recruits."
The Toulonnais has the following letter from Algiers :
" Piastres are beginning to be scarce here. The merchants
complain of this circumstance, that coin being indispensable
in commercial transactions with the natives. They cannot
conceive the motives which have induced the Custom-house at
Toulon to impede, by difficulties and, high demands, the con-
signment of coin on which it ought to be content with the pro-
per import duty."
The letters of the 26th from Madrid state the manner in
which the army of resource will be distributed. 4,000 men,
commanded by the Marquis de las Amurellas, will occupy
Toledo ; 4,000 men, commanded by Alison, will protect
Avila; and 3,500 will remain at La Mancha, unde Nogueras.
As for Narvaez, it is proposed to send him to Andalusia, where
it is hoped he will obtain some sacrifices in favour of the army
firmed by him, and which will thus be retained sufficiently
near to the capital.
The Courrier du Bas Rhin says—" Lord Ponsonby com-
ing from Malta, and on his way to London, arrived at Stras-
burg on the 25th of October, at the Hotel La Ville de Paris.
—Le Commerce.

It now appears that the wife of Don CARLOS ob-
tained a passport for herself and the son of her hus-
band, from M. DE ST. AULAIRE, the French Am-
bassador at Vienna, who, according to the Temps,
" could not do otherwise than act politely to her Royal
Highness, whom he had met at Rome." But would
any French Minister, allowing him even to be a per-
fect model of politeness and gallantry, have taken
upon himself such responsibility without consulting
his master ? Louts PHILIPPE may recall or punish
his Minister, as ELIZABETH punished the unfortunate
DAVIDSON for dispatching her warrant for the execu-
tion of MARY, and mankind will give them alike
credit for sincerity.

The following extracts from the German Journals,
received this morning, will be read with some inte-

rest :

abfflye Cfataumt thathile:yn authentic
HANOVER, OCT. 23.—The Hanover Gazette contains an
as
d o Cmc uaambj ieens
net
tyt s Minn a i sdbt
eee
sreene
ptole a fromSs
ecdh e I e
n article
having
e ancient
to
pßr oat vhr ene dn
s
aton
allow him and his legitimate descendants to bear the title of
Baron von Schele.
HANOVER, OCT. 22.—We hear from good authority that
the Assembly of the States will not be again convoked before
..the new year. There is no room even to form a probable
"conjecture whether the prorogued Assembly will be convoked
or dissolved, and a new election take place.
From Prussia, in October, letters received at Berlin on the
21st Oct., state that English diplomacy has prevailed in
Teheran, as well as in Constantinople. The Shah,
hard pressed by the rebels, and threatened by the
English, has yielded to the advice of his Ministers,
and has sought and obtained the protection of the latter on
rather humiliating conditions. This news is especially impor-
tant in regard to Russia, as the party which caused the rebel-
lion. It cannot be denied that England manages its affairs
admirably, and that the year 1838 will, by a series of advan-
tageous treaties, fill a brilliant page in the history of Great
Britain. By them it has succeeded in part directly, in part in-
directly, so to draw a net round a great Power whose influence
began to be troublesome to it, that it is again confined, with
regard to the East, to its inland trade. By the late treaties
concluded by England the Russian establishments on the Cas-
pian Sea,which owe their existence chiefly to an intimate connec-
tion with Persia, are as much in danger as those in the Euxine, as
that great sea has only one entrance, by the Dardanelles. Who
does not recollect on this occasion the significant and very in-
telligible expression that once fell from the Emperor Alexan-
der, " The Dardanelles are the keys of my house." Hence
it is incompatible with the close friendship that has hitherto
subsisted between the Porte and Russia, that the opening or
closing of those straits should depend on the Divan exclu-
sively. Or is perhaps the moment already come, when Russia
must repent its generosity in restoring Silistria to the Porte
before the expiration of the term, which the Treaty of Adria-
nople allowed it to prolong ad libitum?
BERLIN, OCT. 22.—The King will remove in a few days
from Charlottenburg, to his palace at Berlin ; and the Princes
will, on Thursday, leave their country seats in and near
Potsdam.
The families of Princes Reprin and D'Olgorucky, are now
here ; the former is very numerous.
PETERSBURG, OCT. 17.—His Majesty has addressed a gra-
cious letter to Lieut.- General Rajewsky, as Commander of
one of the divisions of troops acting against the hostile moun-
taineers on the east coast of the Black Sea, in which his Ma.
jesty says that his hopes and expectations have been completely
answered. The occupation of the mouths of the rivers Taspe
and Schapsache, with scarcely any loss on our part, is a proof
of his eminent talents. The General has also
given proofs of
indefatigable activity and honourable firmness in protecting
the ships that were wrecked near the mouth of the Taspe, and
in saving the crews. His care of the health of the troops is
likewise highly commendable, there having been very few sick
among them, notwithstanding the fatigues they had endured.
His Majesty therefore sends him with the letter the insignia of
the Imperial Order of the White Eagle. We hear from Con-
stantinople, that the Sultan has it really in contemplation to
found military colonies on the same principles as those in
Russia.—. Hamburg Papers, Oct. 26.
FRONTIERS OF ITALY, OCT. 12.—The Russian Captain,
Kowalewsky, who was summoned from Montenegro to Venice,
to justify himself before Count Tatischeff, against the com-
plaints made by Austria of his conduct in Montenegro, seems
to have succeeded in completely clearing himself. He is
said to have affirmed and proved, that so far from exciting the
people of Montenegro, he had, on the contrary, soothed their
inflamed passions, and that it is chiefly owing to him that the
hostilities were not more sanguinary and obstinate. M. Von
TatischefFseems to have given him entire credit, for otherwise
what we now learn, would seem inexplicable, that Kowalewsky
has already set out to return to Montenegro, with very friendly
proposals from Russia to the Vladika. The negotiations
with the Montenegrims for the settlement of the differences
respecting the frontiers stand still, the Austrian Commis-
sioner having left Dobrota, after long waiting in vain for the
return of the Vladika, who, in his youthful levity, seems
scarcely to he sincere in his wishes for peace. Anti de
Geaunne, the Vladika's French master, is said to be. sent to
Servia and Russia, on a highly important mistion from the
Vladika.
VIENNA, OCT. 20.—Five per Cents., 1074.; Four per
Cents., loei. ; Three per Cents., 801 Bank Shares, 1,459.
Zeitung, Oct. 25.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, OCT. :IT.
BO'S. Money,
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Dit'o ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto oitto 21 per cent, —
Lato Bank Shares • 1441) 1439
Anglo-Russian Loan
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Paper I nwription, 6 per cent 2q
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
97x, 97
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent.
Ditto, 3 per cent.
i)utch 149 per Cents. 52% 52%
Ditto 5 per Cents 993 99%
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets 154 p,u,
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 72 71%
Norwegian Lean of 1534, 1 per cents,
Spanish, in piastres, :3 per Cents
Cortes Lean, 5 per Cent
Greek 4 per cents. 1833, guaranteed by France -..
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, OCT. 2; —l3 814 ; two months, 137,
FTOCKHOLM, OCT. )9.—Two months, 12 5
ST. PETERSBURG'', OCE. 19—Three months, 10 2942,
FKRLIN. Ocr. 23.—three menthe, 6. 23.
—Hamburg Papers, Oct. '26.

s'IONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY (THIS DAYJ, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
The Hamburg mail has arrived, of the date of the 26th Oc-
tober, bringing the price of Metalliques, 106 ; Bank
Shares, 1,438.
A mail has arrived from Jamaica by the Spey, and sailed
25th September, from St. Thomas's 3d October.
By the above conveyance we have received Jamaica Papers
to the 26th September.
(From the above Papers).
The packet has arrived and brought us British and Colonial
Journals, the former to the 15th August.
On Saturday, the Bth inst., his Excellency the Governor
visited St. Thomas-in-the- Vale, and was received by the Hon.
G. W. Hamilton. There were also present a large concourse
of labourers from the various properties. His Excellency
took a seat on the sofa, in the drawing-room, and addressed
himself to the gentlemen present ; and remarked that he had
come to see if he could do any good, and that he was anxious
to learn in what consisted the differences bf‘tween them and
their late apprentices, and why it was that work had not been
resumed.
The Custos stated that the great bone of contention
was wages. The labourers had demanded a much higher rate
than the proprietors could afrord to pay.
His Excellency asked what were the terms offered ?
The Custos—The father of a family was charged one shit-

ling and eight pence per week for the house in which they
all lived, but each individual was required t r:,•., the like sum
for his ground, provided he was able to labour, ihoeebelonging
to similar gang, were required to pay ten penc,, or in propor-
tion to their ►ate of wages.
His Excellency—lf the people are to pay these rates, what
are they to live upon ?
The Custos—The husband was offered 3s. per week, the
wife 6s. 3d., and the other branches of the family 6s. Bd., and
less according to the class of labourers to which they belonged.
His Excellency—This appears a fair rate of hire, and I am
sorry that any difference should exist. He then called Mr.
Jackson, the Stipendiary Magistrate, and asked him if he
knew anything respecting the cause of dissatisfaction among
the lalnurers, and why they refused the terms that htd been
offered ?

Mr. Jackson replied he had conversed with a great many
of them, they had expressed no objection to paying rent for
their houses and grounds, but wished to dispose of their labour
the way they thought fit.
His Excellency said he thought the Proprietors would
consult their own interest, and allay the irritation which
existed, if they would do as had been done at Clarendon,
and Vere. In these parishes the rent for house and ground
had been given up for the first three months, and the hire
fixed at one-eighth per day.
Mr. Page felt assured every one present would adopt his
Excellency's 'suggestion, provided the labourers would imme-
diately resume work.

His Excellency inquired if that was the general feeling,
and received replies in the affirmative. He next inquired if
he should communicate that information to the people, which
being also assented to, his Excellency addressed the people
stating that he had been talking to their employers, or rather
with their old masters, and they seemed kindly disposed to
them, but that he was sorry to find that none of them had been
at work. He also stated that the Queen and the country had
made them free; but it was not that they should become idle.
That their friends in Jamaica and Great Britain expect them
to be industrious. His Excellency asked them the reason
why they did not work? They replied that they had been
waiting for Massa the Governor. They then promised the
Governor that they would go to work on Monday morning ;
but one man inquired what was to be the day's work—how
many hours ? To which the Governor reprred, at least nine
hours. The people made no reply, but appeared satisfied.
Notwithstanding this arrangement, and the promise made, our
informant assures us that, with the exception of two or three
on each estate, and those not working continually, the people
almost through the parish had not, up to Wednesday last,
turned out to work. Upon estates where there are 200, about
15 or 20 will turn out at six o'clock, and work till one or two.
On one property with 86 labourers on it only four were at work.
(From the Paper of the 26th September.)
We are glad to perceive, by private letters, that the la-
bourers in the parishes of Manchester and St. Dorothy are in
general resuming their accustomed work, at a remuneration
which seems fair.

Canton Papers have been received at the North and South
American Coffee-house to the 27th June. •
COMMEkCIAL REMARKS.

BRITISH MAN UFACTURES. —White and grey long cloths
continue in good demand, but most other articles have a ten-
dency to decline in prices.
COTTON,—The dealers and Hong merchants have come to
an arrangement to regulate their future transactions, but the
market is not expected to open till the termination of th,
annual festival of the Dragon Boats, commencing this day.
OPIUM. —For Maliva there has been an active demand
for several days past, and prices have gradually advanced
to our quotations 630 dol. per chest at Hong-Hong; but the
Whampoa deliveries have been limited. Considerable busi-
ness has also be done in the Bengal drug, which has raised
the price to our quotations; but the demand, 'it is supposed,
arises principally to supply time engagements. The purchaser
for distant markets requires only 20 to 25 chests of Patna,
Benares to 80, and 75 chests of Malwa.

Deliveries to the 15th inst. at Hong- Hong.--Patna old 37,
new 151; Bewares old 29, new 42; Malwa old 12k, new
426—total 8971.
Demerara Papers to Sept. 1,3.
The occurrence of most importance which bas taken place
since our last, is the publication in the Gazette of two Orders
in Council, both of the date of 30th day of July last. By the
first, the ordinance of the 12th July, 1836, for the better re-
gulation of the relative duties of masters and articled servants
in British Guiana, &c. with the three Orders in Council there-
unto, are repealed. All contracts actually existing remain in
full force.

The reports from the various districts as to the conduct of
our labouring population are as various and opposite to each
other as it is possible for them to be. There are many of the
estates of which the labourers had at first gone on steadily to
work, which now have scarcely a hand on them, whilst upon
others they muster a greater force than they could before
command. We hear also that the people have already, in
many instances, exhibited the propensity common to the habits
of savage life, which we call squatting, and to which we have
always looked to as one of the evils.

GRENADA,—It is gratifying to-its to be able to record that
the accounts received from several parts of the country are of
a satisfactory nature.
ST. VINCENT.—It is with the deepest concern we an-
nounce that the labourers, with very few exceptions, still re-
fuse to labour for fair wages.
Consols, which closed yesterday at 93i 94 both
for the Account and Money, opened this morning
a shade lower at 931' Money; and 93i 94 for the Account;
Exchequer Bills, 66 68 ; India Bonds, 60 63; Bank Stock,
202 203 ; India Stock, 2591 2601.
In the Foreign Market nothing of consequence doing as
yet; Spanish Active opened at the leaving-off price, 17a i ;
Portuguese, 311 32+ • Three per Cents., 20i- 21+ ; Brazilian,
78i- 79; Mexican, 221
.1- ' • Colombian, 24k; Dutch Two-and-
a-
Half per Cents., 54+ ; Five per Cents., 1001 ii.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stork O6.‘N India Stock —
3 per Cent. Red. ... ......... ..911AU 3 Ditto Bonids
3per Cent. Cons. 93% 4 3% X Soul!) Sea Stock —
314 per Cent
Ditto Red. .. 100%05i New Ditto
New 33 per Cent 101%%s 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New 5 per Cent. - Exch. Bills, £I,OOO
Bank Long Annuities toexpise Ditto 500
Jan. 5, 1860 l5 1-16 Ditto Small 66 68 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859 14 13-16 Ditto Commercial — pm.
Jan. 5, IS6,' — Ditto Advertised ... ...... pin.
Jan. 5, 1881 — Bank Stock for Account —
April 5, 1880 ---India Stock for Account
Jan. 5, 1870 — Consols for Account 93X
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds
164____Li ~ ; , DittoDDDD iiii ti t
ottt :. ,
ANAI
c:pcye:o
ruußC,
Accountn, 0 t
i, d s
Belgian Bends
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account—
Chilian Bonds
it tto Account
Col; irnbian. Bonds _ Ditto A ccount —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1824 24'. Spanish Bonds
Ditto Account
Danish blonds
Ditto Account — Ditto Account.
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent. l. —C.
Ma Bonds, 1825 — 4 per cent.
Ditto Account — 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cen..... _-- Exchange —f. —c.
Ditto Account — Dutch, 0, per cent.
Ditto, 6 per Cent 221;1 X , Ditto Account 54
Ditto Account
eapolitao Ditto Account —
i'RICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK

Candonga Mining Company Paid. Per Share 7,4 614
Birmmgham and Derby Railway Company 9l) 32
Fasten, Countics Railway lO 8,4
Great 'Western Railway Company •••
Brighton Railway ....... , ... ~...„.. ........... .... 14 1134
Lomion and .-muthampton Railway Company
London and Southampton (New, Railway 2O 4134
1.011,i014 and Croydon Railway Company 2O 17
Ditto New Scrip
Northern and Eastern Railway Company
Anti Dryrot Company 1734 14
Asphalte, Claridge's P.

nsphalte, Claridge's Patent
British Patent Coal Company
British North American Bank
London Joint Stock Bank
COURSE OF EXCEL..
Amsterdam C.F. 12 6
..".titto. at sight
Rout:ma-a 2 U l2 6
Antwerp...
1-12mhurg. M.B. 13 121
Altona
Pam, 1 days' sight 25 60
Oitto 3 Ms. 25 t!is
Marseille:
tlourdeaux
Fiat; kf Oa on Main; Lx. M 132
P.2tersbutgli,ruLle .3 Us. 10 0
Berlin
Vienna, effective fl 0 M lO 11

4%1y
2
25N 6
134

....... 4
1
25
10
NGE YESTERDAY.
thbraitar 4B
Leghorn ,c 11,4
Genoa 26 0
Milan 3l
Venice.
Naples .. 39 ki
Palermo per oz. 117
Lisbon 521,
Oporto 53
Ric Janeiro 26
Bahia 27
Buenos Ayres
New York, 21 days' sight
Philadelphia 46
_ _

frieste......dit to lO 111
Madrid 3634
Cadiz 36%
16
119 rcelona

PRIUL 'di' BULLION, Pb.lt Oz
Portugal Gold, coin £0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons
New Dollars

Seville 36

Silver. hare. standard 4 1134

HALF-PAST ONE.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, OCT. 30.—The excitemen,
of yesterday has partly subsided, still the sales are respectable
being about 8,000 bales. The sales yesterday are stated to
bo 15,000 bags, at last week's prices.
We have received the Barbadoes Papers to the 13th Sept.
" HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.

" HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR TO THE HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.

66 The Governor recommends to the early consideration of
the Honourable House of Assembly the subject of the accom-
panying copies of a Circular/Letter from her Majesty's Princi-
pal Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, and of
an Order by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Council,
relative to the practice which appears to have arisen on the
part of agents or speculators, of engaging the services of
emancipated negroes in several parts of the West Indies,
under contracts for labour to be performed in British Guiana
and Trinidad, the object of such persons being to assign the
contracts on the arrival of the negroes at their destination to
other parties eta profit to themselves.
" MACGREGOR, Governor."
Letters have been received this morning from Canton, as
late as the 2d July, by the Thomas Lowry. They state that
several vessels had arrived from England, bringing dates of
the 9th March. Freights had fallen to 71. The total export
of tea for the year would not exceed 32 millions. Eliehane
on England 4s. 6d. to 4s. 7d. g
The East India
Company's agents had raised their ad-
vances to 4s. 7d. the dollar.

THE FUNDS.
Although it is now generally believed that the Earl of
Durham will positively return to England, it has not had any
cffee ton the Fotock Exchange will not be open
tomorrow, beinnds. The Sg
All Saints' Day, by order of the Committee.
The Government Broker has purchased about twenty thousand
dueed atMone
fte
921. Consols may 1),„s quoted at 93,i for the
Account
Exchequer Bills 66 68 ; India
y ii;
Bonds 60 64 ; Bank Stock 2021 ; India Stock 258 269 ;
Spanish Active 1711; Portuguese 31:32 ; Brazilian 78 79 ;
Dutch Two-and-a- Half per Cents, L 4 .
Shares_Brighton and Great Western a shade lower,
771REZ O' CL 0 CK,
Consols for the Account, mi.
