FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, THURSDAY.. _The of the Commission

to examine the American Treaty were named this day.
The predominant feeling in Paris, and amongst the de-
puties, is, that the American treaty must pass. The Mi-
nisterial argument, " Give us 25 millions of francs to pay
the Americans, or fifty to fit out a fleet to fight them," is
quite conclusive. The treaty will pass, but the effort will
be to tack to the approbation some paragraph or exception
reflecting on the Ministers who reduced the Chamber to
such a dilemma.

Under this stigma, the Administration will have to re-
mould itself—a ticklish operation for one whose weight is
merely personal, and who have neither followers in the
country, nor stake in it, save their talents.
The Paris press teems with accounts of the Ministerial
changes meditated during the late days. We are assured,
from most undoubted authority, that the accounts are not
exaggerated. M. Thiers, although he supported M. de
Broglie, yet showed so little pleasure at becoming irrevoca-
bly Doctrinnaire, that he spoke of retiring altogether from
political life, and refreshing his faculties by purely literary
exertions for a couple of years.
Troubles thicken upon M. de Rigny, so many and so dire;
that it is little marvel to find him anxious to quit the post
of Minister of Foreign Affairs. He is not yet free of the
difficulty of the Russian Claims, whilst the American In-
demnity hangs over him. In addition to these, a new dif-
ficulty has sprung up. M. de Rigny, as former Minister of
Marine and of the Colonies, had prepared the Budget of
that department, demanding an increase of gendarmerie for
Martinique and Guadaloupe, on the ground that the
English Bill for emancipating the negroes had failed, and
that it was necessary to keep down the turbulent spirit of
the Blacks in the French colonies. No sooner was this
subject broached on Wednesday in the bureaus, than
M. de Rigny, who is in the sth bureau, was assailed by
some of his colleagues, for thus volunteering to criticize a
great English law of philanthropy and amelioration, of the
effects of which he, M. de Rigny, evidently knew nothing ;
and for thus coming with a paltry and unfounded excuse to
demands funds, implying the perseverance of the Govern-
ment in the old system of colonial slavery.
M. de Rigny is an amiable kind of personage, and on
hearing this, he exclaimed, " Vous n'aborderez pas cette
question d la tribune, lespere."—" You will not commence
a discussion like this in the Chamber ?"—" But we will
though," was the reply. "At the very time when England
emancipates all her slaves, you, the Ministers of Finance
(Persil and De Rigny were both present), merely ask for
more gendarmes." The Minister was somewhat embar-
rassed by the liveliness of this attack, and asked, Would
France pay an indemnity, as England had done ? M. Isam-
bert replied, that the system of slavery was so falling to
pieces, that a slave at Martinique was not worth more
than 121. sterling ; and that at this low price, soon to fall
to nothing, the proprietors could easily be indemnified,
without taking money from French pockets. Besides, he
(M. Isambert) knew that great force was wanting, not to
repress the turbulence of the French blacks, but to pre-
vent their escape. It was well known that they escaped
by twenties every night to Santa Lucia, where they were
free, and that it would require not merely a regiment of
gendarmerie, but a fleet of cruisers, to prevent the slaves
escaping. The Minister should have formed an opinion on
the slavery question, instead of, as usual, corni”--
ask for more money, without b"--'
on the subieet

aown to
views or information

M• de Riguy, on quitting the committee-room, showed
n 0 small annoyance : he hastened ,to the Ministry of the
Marine, from whence the following intelligence was forth-
