SLAVE EMANCIPATION.

I am, very respectfully,
Birmingham, 10:h Month, 4th,JO 1838.5 E PH STURGE.
Ti;e Planters-admit, that where the negroes have accepted
the offered terms, they are doing more work than during the
most palmy days of Slavery.

No. I.
EXTRACT OP A LETTER DATED JAMAICA, AUGUST 17.
The Falmouth Post will furnish you with the sayings and
doings on the glorious termination of slavery in this Island,
scenes which it is impossible fully to describe. It has been
one of the most exciting periods of my existence, and
though there is much, very much, to be done, 1 have every
hope, that, assisted by our friends at home, the advocates
of freedom ttiill yet triumph, the victim of oppression be
free. To watch narrowly the laws which may be made, or
the operation of those now in existence, is essentially ne-
cessary, and I am confident that this will be done both here
and at home. A Police Bill for Falmouth was pa,sed last
Session on the 28th of March, which is most infamous in
some of its clauses, and is intended, and will, if not disal-
lowed, harrass and distress the industrious peasant. I did
not know of it till the other day. Do, I beseech you, if
it be not too late, try to get it disallowed.
I most sincerely hope, that in a few months we shall
h. ye a Society organized for the Protection of the Civil
and Religious Liberties of the People ; it will be proposed
at our next Quarterly Union, and though we are now sur-
rounded by bitterer foes than ever, I have little doubt but
that we shall finally succeed. If the lovely infant, Freedom,
had but the cordial support of the Mimisters of the Gospel,
which proclaims and vete es it, he would soon tower to the
strength of manhood; but ales, alas, the blasting influence
of the destroyed Manster, together with the exploded cry
Politics I Politics ! keeps too many aloof, and induces others
to side with those, who if they dared, would strangle the
heaven-born child.
A deep plot has been laid by many of the large attor-
neys to refuse a fair remuneration to the labouring popula.
tion, so that pauperism would have soon covered the Island.
You will have perceived that as soon as I found it out I
convened a public meeting, a full account of which was pub-
lished in the Post. Many still hold out, and I have every
reason to believe, that though we shall succeed this time in
defeating their plans, that similar attempts will continually
be made. As soon as the people know how to use moral
power, these attempts will be futile, but this cannot be ex-
pected at present, and can only be induced by an extended
system of education, the machinery for which is yet very
defective and lamentably deficient in quantity. Could this
be much extended, and the power of the lordly attorneys les-
sened, Jamaica would bid fair to rise, and would exhibit one of
the noblest triumphs that freedom ever won.
We are looking with much anxiety for the account of the
Abolition Bill, hoping that it will be modified at home. The
latter clauses will be made engines of gross oppression if they
are allowed to remain, but I sincerely hope that they will be
disallowed.
Will it be believed, that among the thousands who assem-
bled at the festival of freedom, I saw not one in a state of in-
toxication, though I travelled much. Such is the fact, and if
the attorneys, who appear, at least some of them, reckless of
the proprietors' interest, had met them fairly, every one would
have been at work on the following week. Without the
slightest foundation in truth, the papers weekly teem with the
most alarming tidings. The consolation is that they have cried
wolf so long that their ravings are unheeded.
You will perceive that an attempt was made to injure me by
some of the lovers of slavery. They have been shown how
powerless they are. The. Governor wrote me a very excellent
letter on the subject, which, together with mine to him, I shall
forward to England. Since I commenced this I find that the
attorneys are coming into proper terms. So far so good, but
they will still need to be watched, for the present law is a very
shameful one, and may be applied, equally iniquitous with the
apprenticeship. We shall still used a paid magistracy, or all
will go wrong. What think you? And Mr. Cocking still dis-
graces the office. This is indeed a shame.
No. If.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM JAMAICA, DATED AUGUST 18.
Hitherto I have not trouble(' you personally with any direct
communication—only indirectly. Through me you received an
account, which was published in the Emancipator some time
since, about, an apprentice being punished because his mis-
stress's sick horse fell down and died, near Old Harb3ur, by
order of Mr. M'Leod, the Special Justice. I must now give
you an account of this gentleman's career hitherto. He de-,
ecived the British public grossly, by professing to have given
no lashes to the apprentices ; true, but hosts of people were
sent by him to the tread-mills, both in Vere and Clarendon, a
distance of 20 mike, where they were well flogged, but not by
Mr. MtLend. Women with infants at their breasts were not
spared. His punishments, without his owN lashes, were so se-
vere that, I believe, the Governor removed him from St. Do-
rothy to Clarendon in consequence. Now for Mr. M'Leod's
career in Clarendon. He was the dread of all the apprentices
round about, and, strange to say, he is still continued in office.
The people declare that they will forsake Clarendon if he con-
tiues in that parish, and Mr. M'Leod has already given a spe-
cimen of what his intentions ale. Observe, he is a great friend
of the planters, and he has declared that all assaults brought
before him shall be punished most severely. Sometime ago he
declared in my bearing, when a most unjust case was brought
before him, that he would carry the law with fire and sword.
Mark—he has kept his word. Within the last few days a
white man, called a book-keeper, on Retreat Estate, was serv-
ing the late apprentices with notices to quit; one woman col-
lared this man. On Tuesday, the 14th, two policemen came
to take her, without a warrant ; she refused to go. The next
day, Wednesday, this said Mr. M'Leod, armed with a pistol,
thirteen policemen armed with guns, several black men, for-
merly constables on the properties, with guns, the over-
seer of Low Ground Estate, the property of James Beckford
Wildman, Esq., with a sword—these all entered the estate,
threatening and pointing their guns at the poor people's houses ;
Mr. Wildman's overseer made several chops-at one man with
his sword, yea, pursued him, but the man escaped; the people
made no resistance, but said an armed party had no right
there; that they were free people, and had a right to work and
put the money in their pockets. Mr. M'Leod said they were
impudent, and three of these innocent people are now in pri-
son. A complaint has been taken to the Governor by some
of the people who were annoyed. To-morrow is the Sabbath.
I expect to hear further on Monday.
OCT. 24.—The Governor this week is visiting Clarendon
and Vere; and, as he has not returned, I cannot say further
about the aforesaid.
The people of Hillside and Brazeletta Estates, Vere, com-
plain that the constables, or head-men, compelled them to put
the mill about on Sabbath evening, at six or seven o'clock, in
crop time, during the apprenticeship; they (the constables)
being bribed to do so by the overseer. This ought to be ex-
posed. The celebrated Mr. Turner, the attorney, ought to be
shown up.

BREAD.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sin,—lt is some few weeks since I made known to your
readers a means of relief from undue pressure, whilst grain is
not compelled to b 3 brought into Market according to its age
(,:r whilst commercial restrictions are unremoved from the
just interchange of productions), which affects those most
whose subsistence is principally, though not necessarily on
Bread, bought or made.
Let me now request of them and you an early consideration
of the propriety to assemble in a public, legal, and business-
like manner, to declare that readiness to promote the joint in-
terest of themselves and those truly beneficial Continental
Bread Companies in London, and along the Eastern and
South-Eastern shores' contiguity, which may then be proposed.
In co-opar4tion with millions, I am, Sir, your obedien
Servant, as Central Secretary pro tern.,
September 29, 1838.

'WM. F. G. WALDRON,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sheffield, Oct. 4, 1838.
SIR,—Ai you yesterday inserted a letter from a Sheffield
Reformer on the subject of the number present at the Radical
meeting here, I trust to your well-known love of fair play for
the insertion of another. I am one who do not believe the
statement made by the Iris—viz., that 20,000 people were
present; but I wish to set you and the public right as to the
cause of the error. There is in Sheffield a plot of ground
called Paradise-sqvtare, where all the great Reform meitings
were held in the days of Lord Milton, Henry Brougham, Esq.,
Mr. Buckingham, &c. &c. Now, it is well known that this
party always estimated this square as calculated to hold
25,000 when full—which it never was. The late Radical
meeting was not held in Paradise-square, but in a place called
Roscoe Field. The Radicals not being accustomed to make
such calculations, relied on those of their predecessors in agi-
tation; and as they were sure the number present was greater
than could possibly have crowded into Paradise-square, they
modestly concluded that there must be at least 20,000. I was
present at the meeting, and know the above to be the facts of

le case.

My opinion is, that nearly all great meetings are; as to num-
bers, over estimated ; and the Radicals, in this particular, are
only following the examples set them both by Whigs and
Forks. The day of the Sheffield Meeting was almost a
thorough rainy one, and I can assure you that, though your
Whig friend may have felt annoyed, the Radicals were any-
thing but disappointed. The Working Men's Association
had called upon the people, and the people, in spite of the
rain, and in spite of the absence of the respectables, answered to
the call. Perhaps, Sir, a more profitable question for you
gentlemen of the Press to discuss would be, as to whether any
other party than the Radicals could, at the present moment,
have got up meetings equally numerous.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
ANOTHER SHEFFIELD REFORMER.

MONEY AND CITY NEWS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OP THIS DAT.)

TI VI
E S.--A moderate business was done in the funds to.
day, with a slight improvement in the quotations of Consols.
The state of banking affairs in New Orleans, by the ac-
counts last received, appears to be the least, were we to judge
from the surface, satisfactory of any part of the American
Union. According to the statement made up to the 6th of
August, the total amount of bank note currency afloat of the
16 nanks of that city was 7,500,713 dollars, from which, de-
ducting the notes held by the different banks, say 2,510,065
dollars, the net result of this sort of liabilities would be
4,990,648 dollars, to cover which the banks had in their
vaults 3,418,237 dollars in specie, being thus more than two..
thirds of the whole sum of paper out in the bands of the
public. The deposits on public and private account. which
are another important branch of ti,e liabilities that in case of
resumption of specie payments must be taken into calculation,
reach, however, to about 6,800,000 dollars. The sums due
on balance by foreign bankers are stated at above 2,000,000
dollars, and these may be regarded as perhaps equal to a pro-
vision o' specie, as they might be drawn against or specie
imported direct from Europe on occasion to the extent.
The monthly averages preceding do not exhibit any
variations worthy remark from those of August, and it
cannot fail, therefore, to excite the more surprise to find these
banks so backward in the business of resumption as even now
to be proposing to postpone it to the first Monday in January
next; and then only conditionally, when the New York banks,
under circumstances less favourable in many points of view,
have already raised the suspension, and are participating in the
full credit and advantages of a return to hard cash payments.
From various indications there is good reason to suppose that
the " master paper currency manufacturer" was not uncon-
nected with these dilatory movements at New Orleans, and
indeed so much may be gathered from the tenour of various
resolutions carried at a special meeting of a Board of Presi-
dents of the various banks in that city, held on the 16th of
June, to take into consideration the propriety of fixing a date
for the resumption. Among' these resolutions one was to the
effect that the " first Monday in January next should be
fixed on as the time of resumption of said banks, provided
that the United States Bank of Pennsylvania, through
its agency in this city, will furnish a general currency
until the establishment of a national bank, or until some
other remedial measures be adopted or sustained by
the Government in relation to the currency," &c. It is
impossible not to be struck with astonishment that a resolution
so humiliating to themselves, and so degrading to the large
concerns of which they were the chiefs, should have been as-
sented to by any body of respectable men. It amounts al-
most, in fact, to a sentence of insolvency upon their 'own
establishments, and of deplorable incompetency upon them-
selves, that the banks could not fulfil their legitimate obliga-
tions, nor they equal to the management, without the inter-
mission and superintendence of a distant contemporary mana-
ger and a rival bank. There is probably no instance on re-
cord of men so remarkably volunteering their own degrada-
tion; not, be it observed, in deference to a national institution,
Vut to an undertaking, and a functionary invested with no
more of a public character than their own banks and they
themselves—an undertaking actually competing with them in
their own city by means of a subordinate offshoot, to which
they thus express a desire to become subordinate. It might
fairly be taken for granted that the New Orleans banks thus
unceremoniously dealt with by their own managers
were no better than retail money shops, with capitals
merely nominal, or at moat consisting of a
few thou-
sands only, and whose very existence, therefore, was con-
tingent upon the power of emiss.on of some rag dollars, whose
credit and currency depended upon the goodwill and pleasure
of Mr. Biddle. The reverse, however, would seem to be the
fact, if credit may be placed in
their own statements,
guaranteed, moreover, by official and legislative authority.
For out of these sixteen banks thus condemned by their own
leaders, no less than eight have nominal or subscribed capitals
varying from 3,000,000 dollars to 12,000,00 c dollars, and of
capital actually paid up ranging from 2,000,000 dollars to
7,000,000 dollars; the other eight having subscribed capitals
chiefly of 2,000,000 dollars each, in greater or less proportions
paid up, the subscribed capital of one only being so low as
500,000 dollars. Nor was the business transacted by these
Banks less important, the aggregate amount of loans and dis•
counts on the 6th of August being considerably beyond
50,000,000 dollars. It is only fair to state that the extraordi-
nary resolution referred to did not pass unanimously. Three
of the Batik Presidents present, repreiienting so many Banks,
not moved amendments in a Contrary sense hut voted ab-
solutely °
utellYy against it, and for resumption in January, without
qualification or reference to contingency of any description ;
and as the Banks on whose behalf they acted so honourable

. No. 111.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM JAMAICA, AUGUST 24.
The first of August was indeed a happy day at Gurney's
Mount; we laid the corner stone of a chapel, which is to erected
in commemoration of the glorious event. Above four thou.
sand persons were present, seventy-six couples of whom I
united in matrimony, and the day was passed by the emanci-
pated negroes in peaceful and grateful joy at their deliverance ;
it is indeed remarkable that as far as I have been able to learn
not one case of disturbance marred the happiness of that
period, even in Kingston, although I am informed upwards of
thirty thousand persons were assembled ; yet when the chief
constable was asked, he said, " that he had had nothing to
do; no riot, not even a boy fight;" and he had not one indi-
vidual in custody. I cannot but think that our Governor has
been very instrumental in producing so quiet a stato of things ;
his conduct for the last few months is entitled to the highest
praise. He has been kind and conciliatory to the people,
while he has been prompt in redressing their grievances. I
du hope that he will not be removed just as the harness begins
to fit, and as he has become acquainted with the real state
of things here ; indeed if he were to leave just now, I believe
the c) nsequonces would be most disastrous.
I a sorry to say that the present appearance of things in
Jam
maien is far from favourable. Although in a moment of
mad exc:teraent the planters passed a Bill to emancipate the

___
i teseroee, Yet it appears that they only did it in the hone of
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN
again getting them into their clutches, without being exposed
. to the coercion of Lord Glenelg's Bill, or the superintending
It has been stated on the authority of some of the most interference of the Special Justices—to this end they studiously
infamous portion of the Colonial Press, or sources equally un_ avoided every thing like an arrengement with the people be-
worthy of credit, that the negroes in the West Indies, have fore August, although Mr. Knible and myself, in our district's,
refused to work on the Sugar and Coffee Plawations for equi_ volunteered to visit any properties, and employ our influence
table wages since they have been made free; this is entirely to effect an equitable agreement for all parties. On the Mon-
unfounded, though it ►would be nothing more than, as free men, day after August I, all the people on the various estates
they would have a perfect right to do. The information I turned out and repaired to their overseers, &c., to know the
have received from numerous individuals on whose veracity I terms on which they were to work in future. On Borne estates
can fully rely, justifies me in challenging the enemies of the 10d. or 6d. sterling per day was offered viable bodied negroes,
negro whi4 circulate these reports, to produce a single instance on many 12id. cr 7kd. sterling, on a few Is. 3d., or 9d. sterling
of an estate's gang refusing to work when fair remuneration was mentioned, and in two or three cases Is. Bd., these sums
has been offered to them, or in which, en the late joyous oc- were civilly, but firmly, refused by the negroes, who demanded
carrion, their behaviour has given just ground of complaint, 2s. 6d. per day, or Is. 6d. sterling, that being the atnount
indeed their admirable condurt is perhaps without a parallel in they always received per day for their own tirne, and the
history. Twenty-five days trai elapsed when the last packet, sum which was sworn to be their lowest value, an also d
which
sailed, after several hundred theusaad human beings who had they had to pay when they wished to purchase their freedom.
been in perpetual bondage received their immediate freedom, Out of this sum the people willingly offered to pay rent for
and not a single breach of the peace appears to have occured in . their houses and grounds, to pay their own doctors' bills, and
any of the Colonies, except one in St. Lucie, and a woman in short meet every claim upon them. This demand,
collaring a policeman in Jamaica, end I cannot even bear that however fair it appears to be, has been, and still is, resisted
one negro has been seen intoxicated. Where the civil autho- with a spirit of bitterness and determination which threatens
rity interfered in St. Lucie, the parties punished were two the most ruinous consequences; although more than three
MANAGERS, whom the Chief Justice has fined 20/. each, and weeks have elapsed since August the Ist, yet on most of the
imprisoned two months for their disgraceful conduct"; but estates in the island not one single stroke has been struck.
evetein this Island half the police have been dismissed as no The negroes appear determined not to work unless they can
longer needful. I subjoin a few extracts from letters I re- be fairly remunerated for their labour, and the attorneys seem
ceived from Jamaica yesterday. determined rather to ruin the estates under their charge than
The accounts from British Guiana state that the wages of- yield to the reasonable demands of those whom they have beenfered them is about 10 dollars per month; in Trinidad, 6to 12 accustomed to regard only as beasts of burden ; unless new
dollars; Tobago, Bd. sterling per day; accustomed
St. Kitts, attorneys be sent out untainted with the foul contaminations--
51-d; St. Lucie, 3 tog dollars per month; Jamaica, sd. to Is. ef slavery, the island will certainly be ruined. Already the
sterling per day •; most of these include the use of the house most bitter demonstrations 'of hatred have been exhibited to.
and provision grounds. When it is recollected what a dispro. wards those who have been prominent in defending t
portion these terms bear to what the negro was compelled to of the poor. From a letter d
yesterday fromhe rights
Lucia, I
pay if be bought out his freedom, it will create no surprise learn that they have determined onmy destruction, as soon as
that the negroes, with the advice of their friends, have refused I return, which I hope to do in a fortnight. And last Lord's
to accept some of these offers. The blacks in the West Indies Day the town of Falmouth was in the highest state of excite.
have already proved themselves far more tit for freedom than ment from a report that Mr. Knibb had been shot, thousands
tlao whites and many of the attorneys and managers have shown, of negroes coming in from all quarters armed, and declaring
They are so utterly unfit to govern free men, that unless the that if he were killed they would avenge his death. I think
proprietors at home speeeily change their agents, they may that there can be no doubt but this was a plan of the enemy to
expect to have their estates deserted by their labourers. In excite the people to rebellion, as the reports were raised as.
Jamaica they have been so entirely reckless of the interests of nearly as possible at the same time at Brown's Town, Stewart
those employers for whom they act, as to give the labourers Town, Old Harbour, &c. Bze.. It is a merciful circumstance
notice to quit the houses they have built, and the gardens they that the people had the prudence to go to Falmouth first to
have brought into cultivation in their ows time. The reli. ascertain the truth of it, otherwise the consequences me, lit
gious and moral advancement of the Colonies will also be have been fatal indeed. We have both been
sadly calurn-
greatly retarded unless the Governors of several of the Islands niated by the public prints, our conduct and language misre-
are exchanged for totter men, and a large proportion of the presented, and our-characters villified; however we care lit..
Judges and Magistretee, wee now disgrace the bench, are tie for their calumnies, if we can but act so as to avoid their
dismissed.
praise, their censure will never do us any harm. lam happy
to be able to bear testimony to the excellent conduct of the
negroes, they appear fully aware of the wishes of their'enemies
to create a disturbance; and determined to disappoint their).
We are greatly obliged to you for your suggestion respecting
a " Socie.y for the Protection of Liberty; it will have our
attention ; and soon I hope to be able to inform you that such
a society is in active operation.

THE SUN, LONDON, SATIJIIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1839.

cnd - • -rt are not suited in the document from
which these particulars are exivacted it 'tiny not be amiss tO
notice, as of interest perhaps even here; that the ,individuals
in question were Messrs. Breedlove,!levies, Etna For.itall.
It is sufficiently obvious, from the wording and condition
tin which it is Made td hinge, that so far as the resolution
itsci is concerned, the return to specie payments at New 4
Orleans was as distant as ever, if indeed the question of its ex-
pediency were honestly,entertaitted at all. The resumption to
which Mr, Biddle had been so tardily &aliened in Philadel-
phia, combined with that in other States of the Union, placed
it clearly beyond the power of the United States Bank of
Pennsylvania to " furnish the general currency" required pre-
liminarily; fork as under the operation of the banking laws of
the states where the resumption had taken place paper cur-
rency of any sort or by whatever parties issued must be con-
vertible on demand, the effect of its possessing an inconver-
tible character in New Orleans would be rendered nugatory
by its easy transmission for conversion to Pennsylvania, unless
the State of Louisiana should interfere by special Act in
behalf of the bank of another State over whose issues it
could exercise no control, which of course is a suppo-
sition not at. all probable. The establishment of a National
Bank, and the adoption of ariy " remedial measures"
in the nature of a general paper currency, or in aid of the
views of Mr. Biddle on the part of the general Government,
was not less improbable, so that the parties who propounded
the resolution took every precaution against the possibility of
a case arising in which it should be other than a dead letter, or
compel them to a resumption of specie payments. New
York and other States having resumed, it is difficult to under-
stand why indeed the resumption at New Orleans should be
postponed under any circumstances so long as the next year,
and such was the opinion unanimously expressed by the direc
tors of the Citizens' Bank (one of those, it would seem, dis-
sentient) at a meeting on the 27th of June last, when it was
declared that the " most suitable time for a resumption is the
dead season, say August or September, that the public may
gradually be accustomed to said resumption, previous to the
receipt of the next crop." As during the dead season busi-
ness was much less active, less paper afloat generally, and less
specie in request, the resumption on those grounds also would
have been a more safe and 'practicable proceeding of the
banks, with calls and liabilities so much better under their
control.

CHRONICLE.—This being another strict holiday with
the members of the Jewish persuasion, there has been very
little business transacted at the Stock' Exchange, and the
prices in the English Stock Market are much the same as yes-
terday.
Portu,guese Sreurities are rather lower; the Five per
Cents. having closed at 331 to 34i, and the Three per Cents.
at 21:,1- to 22i; but we are without any further advices from
Portugal, and there does not appear to be any particular cause
for the depression. There has been no further improvement
in Spanish, but the prices are firm, and the greatest anxiety is
shown to ascertain the reason of the late sudden rise in the
face of the most unfavourable intelligence from Spain.

POST.—The monthly commercial liabilities falling due
esterday (the 4th) are understood to have been much heavier
than has been the case for a very long time past. This cir-
cumstance has, it is believed, arisen principally from the re-
cent operations of grain, and so material an increase in the
amount which it was necessary to provide for has been rather
sensibly felt in the discount market.
A short time ago good mercantile acceptances were readily
cashed at, or even under, 3 per cent., but, during the present
week, 3A per cent., and, in some instances, the full Bank of
England- rate of 4 per cent per annum, has been demanded and
paid for accommodation. For Stock Exchange purpo's'es tem-
porary loans are obtainable at 23- to 3 per cent.
No variations of the least consequence have taken place in
the value of the public securities to-day. There was but very
little appearance of activity in the English market, and the
Foreign Funds were, if possible, still more neglected than at
any former period of the week. There were, indeed but few
descriptions that even commanded a quotation in the official
lists of the House. Spanish Bonds were marked a fraction
worse, the news from the Peninsula being still of a nature to
cause alarm to the holders. That any relief is to be expected
from the Queen's Government, under any circumstances, is
more than we are sceptical enough to believe. The vile in-
tention at Madrid is sufficiently evident from the negotiations
which have been carried on or attempted to be so for a long
time past with Messrs. Rothschild's firm, in relation to the Al-
maden quicksilver mines, arid this being the case, the traffic
which is kept up in them is a perfect disgrace to the Stock
Exchange. We would recommend, as such trash cannot
be honestly imposed by any one man upon another, that
Spanish Bonds of every denomination, whether it be
the Active, as they are ridiculously termed (for they pay
no dividends, nor have they done so now for the last year and
a half), the Passive, or the Deferred, as deferred they will
assuredly.be till the day of judgment, should be posted on the
walls of the edifice, upon the same principle as spurious coin
is nailed clown to a tradesman's counter. The public have
had a vast deal too much of this disgusting fraud. For our
own part, we feel it, as we have said before, a humiliation to
have, from day to day, to speak of so contemptible a bubble.
The famous Poyais Bonds, although they may be lower in
price, are, intrinsically, not a shade more worthless than these
infamous Spanish Bonds, which have ken so very improperly
dignified with the name of Securities.
Consols left off this afternoon at 94 to i for Money and for
Account, Exchequer Bills and India Bonds at 695. to 71s.
prem., and India Stock at 2611 to 2.
In the Foreign house Five per Cent. Dutch Stock was
marked 1001 to ex-dividend ; Two-and-a. Half per Cent.
ditto 53i to s ; Brazilian, 791- to 80 ex-dividend ; Five per
Cent. Portuguese, 334 to 34i; Three per Cent. ditto 22i to
23k; and Active Spanish, with the arrear of dividends due
upon them, 181 to 1. The last named interest was about
4 per cent. worse than at the close of business yes-
terday. The tricks of the Belgian gamblers, to
which we have before made allusion, and which may be re-
peated, not only at Brussels and Antwerp, but in a market
nearer home, have perhaps made a bad impression on the more
simple and confiding class of holders, and rendered them
anxious to sell.

The Share Market was heavy, both as regards the amount
of business transacted in it, and with reference to prices also.
Great Western Railway shares were done at 14 to 15 prem. ;
gPnrembills this afternoon were at the
London and Brighton, 2i to 2 dis. ; London and Blackwall,
an Antwerp, 2to 1k dis. ; and London and Birmingham quarter shares, at
24 to 5 prem. The shares of the French Patent Coal Com-
pany have been brought upon the market. The busiln3essild:ntoe
75 ; Hamburgh,
p, 12 4. The ten-
ii n
; followingTi hAe
emm tsritiaeanie.sibimehteia:nnul ag2ste :n:i.t.7..f
oot
rol.
Paris,
7, 1
dency of the market is still rather in favour of higher quota-
tions than otherwise; that is to say, against the seller of bills,
and the importation of grain and other foreign commodities.

latsientevlicohf
___..._
HERALD.—This has been, completely' an idle day, both
hbialvle, however, been
with the monetary and commercial interests, and, as no arri-
vals have been received in consequence of thpeaypmeee
North-easterly winds, a gloom has prevailed throughout our
commercial world that could hardly have been anticipated
when, as IS USU
• al at this season, so many commercial adr• ' lees
become due.
The Commercial Money Market presents but little occa-
sion
met, and it will probably have the effect of easing
the Money ,Merkel temporarily. The business in 'the Conti-
b t,became
mfoer
due particularo n the remark.4th a
n d Thesth heavyi
r, t.,
nental Exchanges has not been at all extensive to-day. On
Paris the quotAions remain as on the last post day, and are
251. 77ic. to 25f.
82fe. On the Northern ports they have
slightly improved, the quotation on Amsterdam being 12 0 a
12 5 ; on Rotterdam the same ; and on Hamburg 13 113. -
There has not been much general business in the Share
Market to-day. The chief quotations are Great Western at
14i prem., Brighton at 2e a -4. dis., and Blackwell at 1i dis.
Birmingham Quarter Shares are 242 prem. a
..-Amongst the
Miscellaneous Shares the quotations are French Patent Coal
Company at /4- a *prem., and in Banking Shares, London and
Westminster, at 3i prem., and the Unidn Bank of Australia,
at 51- a i- prem.

DEATH of CHARLES TENNANT Esq.

Of this excellent citizen and most amiable man, it be-
! comes us, as Reformers, first to speak in reference to his
polities, for few have taken a stronger interest in public
affairs during the last thirty years. Mr. Tennant was all
his life a Reformer, and of him, as of the late Mr. Colin
Dunlop, it may be truly said, that he steadily maintained
to the last those political opinions with which he set out.
To uphold and extend these, was his greatest pleasure—.
and at all times and under all circumstances, a grateful and
a sacred duty. His purse, his leisure, and his great in-
fluence in society, were all freely, judiciously, and in-
defatigably employed in the furtherance of Liberal
principles and opinions, in the progress and practical
application of which he believed the best interest of
society to be chiefly concerned. Under any circumstances,
the loss of such a man must have been deeply felt by the
political party to which he belonged ; but in these critical
times, and in the face of many adverse circumstances,
it is indeed a sore discouragement and a heavy blow to the
Liberals of this district. Setting political conaderations
aside, in Mr. Tennant the community of Glasgow has lost
an enterprising and public-spirited citizen, who carried into
every public undertaking in which he was concerned, the
masculine and vigorous judgment, with the temperate and
unrelaxing energy, which,
from very moderate beginnings,
had gradually raised him to the rank of one of the first
mercantile men in Scotland. In private life, Mr. Tennant
possessed a quiet and unassuming simplicity of manners,
with great kindliness of disposition, which, being associated
with unspotted integrity, made him equally beloved and
admired. He was a warm and steady friend ; and a wide
circle of which he was at once the delight and the orna-
ment, will long continue to feel the dreary void which his
decease has created. In our city (Glasgow) men of all
parties speak of his memory with affection, and lament over
his loss as a public calamity.—Scots Times.

An inquest was held last evening in Marylebone on
the body of Mr. George Coslake, late landlord of the Boston
Arms public-house, Boston-street. It appeared in evidence
that, on the lath of September, Mr. Coslake went down to
his cellar for the purpose of tapping a puncheon of rum, when
a piece of wood flying out of the puncheon and catching the
candle became ignited and fell into the, rum, which immedi.
ately burst into a blaze and set fire to the clothes of the
ceasA, from the effects of which he died on Tuesday last. It
was with the greatest difficulty that the flames from the rum
were extinguished. Verdict...." Accidental Death."

R. TIERNEY.

(From the Edinburgh Review.)

4 -
Preatly inferior to these men—indeea, of a (Efferent
class, as well as orderea-hut far from an inconsiderable per-
' son in debate, where he had his then particular line, and in
that eminently excelled, was Mr. Tierney. iii had been
bred to the law, wag called to the bar, and for a short time
frequented the Western Circuit, on which he succeeded
klr. Pitt in the office of Recorder, or keeper of the circuit
books and funds, a situation filled by the youngest member
of the profession on the several circuits each successive
year. He soon, hoverer, like his illustrious predecessor,
left the hard and dull, arid for many years cheerless path,
which ends in the highest places in the state, and the most
important functions of the constitution ; and devoted him-
self to the more inviting, but more thorny and even more
precarious, pursuit of politics ; in which merit, if it never
fails of earning fame and distinction, very often secures no-
thing more solid to its possessor ; and which has the further
disadvantage of leading to power, or to disappointment, ac-
cording to the conduct or the caprice of others, as much as
of the candidate himself. No man more than Mr. Tierney
lived to experience the truth of this remark ; and no man
more constantly advised his younger friends to avoid the
fascinations which concealed such snares and led to those
rocks. In truth, no one had a better right to give this
warning ; for his talents were peculiarly fitted for the con-
tentions of the legal profession, and must have secured him
great eminence had he remained at the bar ; but they were
accompanied with some defects, which proved exceedingly
injurious to his suceegs as a Statesman. He possessed suffi,
cient industry to master any subject, and, until his health
failed, to undergo any labour. .His understanding was of
that plain, and solid description which weans well, and is.
always more at the command of its possessor than the bril-
liant qualities that dazzle the vulgar. To any extraordinary
quickness of apprehension he laid no claim ; ,teeet he saw with
perfect clearness, and, if he did not take a very wic? range;
yet within his appointed scope, his ideas were strongly'
formed, and, when he stated them, luminously expressed.
Everything refined he habitually rejected ; partly as above
his comprehension, partly as beneath his regard ; and he was
wont to value the efforts of fancy still lower than the feati
of subtilty ; so that there was something extremely comical
in witnessing the contrast of his homely somewhat
literal understanding with the irnagioatire nature or Ers-
kine. But if refinement and fancy, when tried upon him
apart, met with this indifferent reception, their combination
in anything romantic, especially when it was propounded as
a guide of conduct, fared still worse at his hands ; and if
he ever found such views erected into a test or standard
for deciding either on public or on private affairs, he was
apt to treat the fabric rather as the work of an unsound
mind, than as a structure to be seriously exposed and taken
to pieces by argument.
Nevertheless, with all this shunning of fanciful matter,
no one's mind was more accessible to groundless imagina-
tions, provided they entered by one quarter, on which cer-
tainly lay his weak side as a politician. A man unde-
niably of cool personal courage ; a debater of an unques-
tioned boldness and vigour ; he was timid in council ;
always saw the gloomy side of things ; could scarcely ever
be induced to look at any other aspect ; and tormented
both himself and others with endless doubts and 'difficul-
ties, and apprehensions of things barely possible,. as if in
human affairs, from the crossing of a street to the
governing of a kingdom, men were not compelled either
to stand stock-still, or to expose themselves to innume-
rable risks—acting, of course, only on probabilities, and
those often not very high ones. It was a singular thing
to observe bow complete a change the same individual had
undergone in passing from the consultation to the debate.
The difference was not greater between Erskine out of
Court and in his professional garb. He was firm in the
line once taken, against which he had raised a host of
objections, and around which he had thrown a cloud of
doubts ; he was as bold in meeting real enemies as he had
been timid in conjuring - up imaginary risks; prompt, vigor-
ous, determined, he carried on the debate ; and he who
in a distant view of it could only descry difficulties and
create confusion, when the tug of war approached, and
he came to close quarters, displayed an abundance of re-
sources which astonished all who had been harassed with
his hesitation, or confounded by his complexities, or vexed
with his apprehensions ; and was found to have no eyes
but for the adversary whom his whole soul was bent upon
meeting, nor any circumspection but for the possibility of
a reply which he was resolved to cut off.
It is probable, however; that this defect in his character
as a politician had greatly increased as he grew older. In
early times he was among the more forward of the Re-
formers. When he quitted the bar he offered himself as
a candidate for several vacant seats, and was unsuccessful.
He attended the debates at the East India-I:muse as a pro-
prietor, and took an active part in them. He was an assi-
duous member of the " Society of Friends of the People,"
and drew up the much and justly celebrated petition in
which that useful body laid before the House of Commons
all the more striking particulars of its defective title to
the office of representing the people, which that House
then, as now, but with far less reason, assumed. He con-
tested the boreugh of Southwark more than once, and was
seated ultimately in 1796, and by a Committee, before
which he conducted his own case with an ability so strik-
ing, that all who witnessed it at once augured most favour-
ably of his prospects in the House, and confessed that his
leaving the bar had alone prevented him from filling the
highest place among the ornaments of Westminster-hall.
In that contest his acuteness, his plain and homely sense,
his power of exposing a sophism, or ridiculing a refine-
ment, shone conspicuous ; and his inimitable manner—a
manner above all others suited to his style of speaking
and thinking, and singularly calculated to affect a popular
audience—was added to the other qualities which lie showed
himself possessed of, and by which he won and kept hold
of the Committee's undivided attention.
His entry into the House of Commons was made at a
sufficiently remarkable period of time. The Whig Oppo-
sition had just taken the most absurd and inconsistent, as
well as most unjustifiable step, which ever party or. public
men resorted to, in order to show the bitterness of their
disappointment, to justify their enemies in deducing all their
actions from selfish motives, and to lend the doctrine some
plausibility, which the enemies of all party connection hold
when they deny its use, and regard it as a mere associa-
tion for interested purposes, not dictated by any public
principle, but dressing itself falsely and fratidulently in that
decent garb. They had retired or seceded from their at-
tendance in Parliament upon the very grounds which should
have chained them faster to their seats—namely, that the
Government was ruining the interests and trampling upon
the liberties of the country, and that the people were
not sufficiently alive to the situation of their affairs.
If anything could add to the folly as well as the im-
propriety of this measure, it was the incompleteness of
the secession ; for instead of leering Parliament, and thus
enabling the people to choose more faithful guardians of
their interests, these men all retained their seats, kept fast
hold of their personal privileges, and preserved the option
of returning upon any fitting or temporary occasion to the
places which they left empty and ready. The Irish Par-
liament afforded upon this occasion one of the two instances
of its superiority to our own, which the whole history of
that bad and corrupt assembly presents. The Opposi-
tion there, with Mr. Grattan at its head, vacated their
seats and remained out of Parliament for some years.
Strange that the place where political purity was the most
rare, where true patriotism was ever at its lowest ebb,
where the whole machinery of corruption—all that men
call jobbing and faction, was proverbially hereditary and
constitutional—and where it has always been so usual to
expect as little correctness of reasoning as consistency and
purity of conduct—an example should have been afforded
of just and rational conduct, and self-denial, upon the point
of jobbing itself, which the patriots of England were neither
wise enough nor disinterested enough to follow ! This
phenomenon, otherwise hard to be explained, is accounted
for by the character of the illustrious man whom we have
named as leader of the Irish Whigs.

NTbe
absence of the regular leaders of the Opposition
and their followers from Parliament gave Mr. Tierney a
ready opening to distinction upon his entering the House
of Commons—an opening of which far less sagacity and
resources than he possessed might have taken advantage.
He became at once, and from the necessity of the case, in
some sort the leader of the Opposition. The subject to
which he mainly directed himself was the financial depart-
ment, but without at all confining his exertions to questions
of this description. The clearness of his understanding,
however, and his business-like habits, give him a peculiar
advantage upon such matters ; and he retained his hold
over it, and, as it were, an almost exclusive possession of it,
during the whole of his Parliamentary life. It seems
strange to look back upon the hands out of which he took
this branch of the Opposition business. Mr. Sheridan was
the person to whom he succeeded, and who really must be
admitted to have been, in every respect as moderately qua-
lified for performing it as any one of his great abilities could
well be. But it must not be supposed that the secession
of the regular party left all finance questions, or all
questions of any kind, in the hands of him whom they
considered as an officious unwelcome substitute, and
affected to look down upon as an indifferent makeshift in
the bands of the Ministers ; ever ready to catch any sem-
blance of a regular opposing party, for the convenience
which it affords in conducting the public business. When
the Irish rebellion, and still more, when the Union, and
soon after the failure of the Dutch expedition seemed to af-
ford a chance of " doing something," they came down and
joined in the debate. To Mr. Tierney was left the weari-
some and painful, but not unimportant duty of watching
Lily the proceedings of the Government and of the lions",
in which it. now ruled with an absolute sway. Whateover
b
was most irksome and laborious, most thankless and a

. -
An inquest was held last night in the Ncw-road,
Marylebone, on the body of a youbne man named Heather,
who committed suicide by throwing himself into the Regent's
Canal. Deceased had been barman at a public-house, but
having been guilty of various acts of theft, had been threatened
with his discharge; he had also been addicted to drinking,
and when last seen alive was much intoxicated. Verdict—
" Temporary insanity."
,
Late on Friday night' last, or early on Saturday
earsel way, and carried and killed a heifer
morning, some villains broke open a stable belonging to Wm.
calf by
ebcvriilpt,piiini
ripping
the
oiperishe n i opt'
tile
mostho m u
St. T
Away half the carcase, leaving the other half behind. The
calf was only one year old.— Western Times.
We have been informed that the mausoleum at
Bomond Park, Wilts, the seat of the Marquis of Lansdowne,
is to be cons,7crated by the Lord Bishop of Salisbury, on
_the
31st instant, and on the same nay a plot of ground, surrocind-
i:ig the Church at Foxham, in the •h -
pans of Brembill (the
r, 31,1, ;Ice of one of the livii,r
e, poets of Great Britain),is
be consecrated afor the inhabitants of Foxbam,
who hithetto have used the
mother church, for that purpose. —Dorset County Chronicle.

The other was on the Regency 1788-9.

scure, in the drudgery of daily attendance, and the discomfi-
ture of small divisions, fell to his share. It was only when
the reward of such toils and vexations appeared in view,
upon some great occasion presenting itself for assaulting a
Minister invincible in Parliament, but defeated with dis-
credit in his schemes, and assailing him with the support of
the country as well as of fortune, that Mr. Tierney was
quickly nor yet very gently put on one side, to make way
for the greater men, who had been engaged in any pursuit
rather than that of their country's favour, and
doing any service hut that which they owed to
their constituents. With what front they could
have offered themselves again to those constituents
had a general election befallen them before some change
had happened in their policy, it would be difficult to
conjecture. But, fortunately for them as for the country,
the Administration of Mr. Addington afforded a fair op-
portunity, perhaps a pretext, of which they were desirous,
for resurnicg their attendance in Parliament; and no one
has ever since, in a tone more audible than a whisper, ven-
tured to mention the experiment of secession as among
the ways and means for bettering the condition of a party.
It must, however, be added, that when the election of
1802 came, the people, by showing an entire forgetful-
fiess of the greatest violation of public duty ever com-
mitted by their representatives, and never once mention-
ing the secession on any one occasion, exhibited an in-
constancy and neglect of their own best interests, truly
painful to those who deem them not only the object, but
the origin of all political power ; and who moreover hold
it to be impossible that any power bestowed upon men can
be well or safely executed•without a continuance of whole-
some popular control. The comfort which we now have
under this unpleasant recollection is derived from an as-
surance that such never can be the case in the present
times. No man, or class of men, dare now leave their
Parliamentary post, without at the same time throwing up
their delegated trust ; and whoever should attempt to re-
peat the game of 1797 in our times would find the doors
of Parliament closed against him, should he he rash
e2ough again to seek admission through any place having
a rat ,taaly of electors.
In the time; ef which we have been speaking Mr. Tier.
ney was ol3e of those LVhigs who, partly through hostility
to Mr. Pitt, and partly froi: a sincere gratitude for the
peace abroad, and the mild and ta"s'ustitutional Government
at home, obtained for the country by 3.7 r.
_Acklington, first
supported, and Afterwards formally joined !hat Minister,
upon his rupture with his patron and predecessor. It was
unfortunate that Mr. Tierney should have taken of "e
moat on the eye of his new leader committing as great aft
error, and as fatal, as ever could be imputed to his warlike
adversary. Mr. Addington having been joined by Mr.
Tierney late in 1802, plunged the country, early in 1803
again into war ; for reasons which, if they had any force,.
should have prevented him from making peace the year-
before ; and even if Napoleon was desirous of breaking
the treaty, care was taken by the manner of the quarrel
which we fastened upon him to give him every appearance,
in the eyes of the world, of having been reluctaatly forced
into a renewal of hostilities.
The removal of Mr. Tierney from the Opposition to
the Ministerial benches was not attended with any in-
crease either of his weight in the country, or of his powers
in debate. No man certainly had a right to charge him
with any violation of party duty ; for he had never been
connected with the regular Whig Opposition, and had been
treated upon all occasions with little respect by their leaders.
Yet in his opinions he agreed with them ; they had always
professed the same principles upon those great questions,
whether of foreign or domestic policy, whLeh divided public
men ; and he was now in office with statesmen ;alio only dif-
fered from those whom he had always opposed in tile inferi-
ority of their capacity; in having done their patron's bidding
by restoring peace and the Constitution, both of which he had
suspended, and in refusing to go out and let him in again
when that turn was served. There was little ground, then ,
for drawing any distinction between the two classes of Pitt-
ites ; upon principle none, only a personal difference di-
vided them ; and to that difference Mr. Tierney was wholly
a stranger, until he chose to take a part in it by taking
office upon it: But, as has often happened to men who
thus place themselves in what our French neighbours
term a " false position," his weight in the House was
not more remarkably lessened than his gift of debating
was impaired. He never seemed to be thoroughly pos
sessed of himself, or to feel at home, after taking his seat
on the Treasury Bench, among the Jenkinsons, the Brags,
the Yorkes, the Percevals, and other supporters of Mr..
Addington's somewhat feeble, though certainly very useful
Administration. It was drolly said of the latter--in re-
ference to the rather useless acquisition which he appeared
to have made—that he resembled the worthy but not very
acute Lord who bought Punch. Upon more than one
occasion words of a graver character were heard from the
great master of sarcasm to convey the same idea. When,
in an attempt to defend the naval administration of the
Government against Mr. Pitt's unmeasured attacks, their
new champion, with signal infelicity, adventured upon some
personal jeers* at their assailants' expense, the latter re-
marked in very good humour, "that he had not found him
quite so formidable an antagonist in his novel situation,
though he nowise questioned his capacity for Ministerial
exertions, and should wait until his infant aptitudes had ex-
panded to their destined fulness.". The overthrow of
the Addington Ministry soon restored Mr. Tierney to the
ranks of Opposition ; and his union with the Whigs after-
wards became so complete, that he acted for some years
after the death of Mr. Whitbread and Mr. Ponsonby as
their real leader in the Commons, and during one Session
was installed formally as their chief.
The instances to which we have just adverted may truly
be said to be the only failures in Mr. Tierney's whole Par-
liamentary career. For he was one of the surest and
most equal speakers that ever mingled in debate ; and his
style of speaking was very enviable in this particular. It
seemed so easy and so natural to the man, as to be always
completely at his command, depending on no happy and
almost involuntary flights of fancy, or moods of mind, or
any of the other incidents that affect and limit the inspire- •
tions of genius ; hardly even upon fire caught from an ad-
versary's speech, or an accident in the debate, and which
is wont to kindle the eloquence of the greater orators.
Whoever heard him upon any occasion had the impression
that such he would be upon all ; and that whenever he
chose it, he could make as good a speech, and of the same
kind. Nor was that excellence small, or that description of
oratory contemptible. It was very effective at all times, at .
some times of very great force indeed. His power of plain
and lucid statement was not easily to be surpassed ; and this
served him in special stead upon questions of finance and
trade, which he so often handled. His reasoning was equally
plain and distinct. He was as argumentative a speaker as
any one could be who set so little value upon subtilty
of all sorts, and who always greatly preferred the shorter
roads towardaa conclusion to laboured ratiocination ; and
quick retorts, suggested by the course of the discussion, to
any thing elaborate or long. In these retorts, whether of
allusion, or repartee, or personal attack, his excellence was
very great. When occasion required it he could rise into
a strain of very effective and striking declamation ; and
although never attempting anv flight of a lofty kind, yet
never once failing to reach whatever he aimed at. His
wit, or his humour, or his drollery, it would be very diffi-
cult to describe, nor easy to say how it should be classed.
Perhaps, of the three words we have used, in order to be
sure of comprehending or hitting it, the second is the most
appropriate. He had the great requisites of a powerful
debater—quickness in taking his ground, and boldness in
holding it ; and could instantly' perceive an enemy's weak-
ness and his own course to take advantage of it. But
we now speak of him when on his legs ; for the defect in
his character, of which we before made mention, followed
him into the House of Commons, and he was wanting in
decision and vigour there also until he rose, when a new
man seemed to stand before you.
* If we mention the nature of these attempts, it must be
after every distinct and peremptory protest against being under-
stood to give them as samples of the humour, and indeed wit,
in which Mr. Tierney peculiarly excelled, for they were ex-
ceptions to it, and were his only failures. He spoke of Mr.
Pitt's motion as " smelling of a contract," and even called
him " the Right Hon. Shipwright," in allusion to his proposal
to build men-of-war in the merchants' .yards. On one occasion
he fell by a less illustrious hand—but yet the hand of a wit.
When alluding to the difficulties the Foxites and Pittites had
of passing over to join each other in attacking the Addington
Ministry, Mr. Tierney (forgetting at the moment bow easily
he had himself overcome a like difficulty in joining that Mint-
str3 ) alluded to the puzzle of the fox and the goose, and did
not clearly expound his idea. Whereupon Mr. Dudley North
said, " It's himself he means—who left the fox to go over to
the goose, and put the bag of oats in his pocket." His failures
are told in three lines; but a volume would not hold the suc-
cessful efforts of his drollery, both in debate and in society.
