.
:SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. of a house which they could recommend as a rable to accusation, for inviting mob intimidations, than I kicked as an insolent, assuming scoundrel. And EGYPT. NIARKET INtELLIGENCE.
_.....a55...-- model to be introduced into a legislative act. If the our present -Ministers, whom be falsely arraigns of that we trust every tenant of becoming spirit through- --.0.-__
__„ssa-______
critn.e..-making it, too, the solitary ground of. his violent Letters from Alexandria to the 27th July state, that ul- LONDON MARKETS.
At the late petty sessions for Clithero, several exclusive privileges of the two large theatres are hostility. Mr. Baring -isms renowned for his abuse of out the country, will make their neighbourhoods tenor despatches had been received there from the army, (From the London New Price Current of esterday.)
charges were brought against individuals for al- abolished, and the public left to build or to fre- landowners-I declare I have often, with other country too hot to hold men who so far forget the re- announcing that Aleppo had fallen into the power of SuoAa. The Su ar Market has been y dull al
leged acts of violence committed upon Mr. Ir. quent such places of dramatic entertainment as gentlemen, considered how far his overbearing treatment spect which one man owes to another.-Morning Ibrahim Pacha, and that Hussein Pacha, with his few re. week, the prices genegrally 6d. to is. rer evwerty. lower,
ving and his Tory partisans, on the occasion of may suit their convenience or their taste, the of us ought to be patiently borne. Farmers at that time Chronicle. maining troops, had fallen back upon Aental. The Egyp- brown sold at 495. both for the scale aind an
met with as little candour and forbearance: the rational tian squadron, under Osman Pacha sailed from Alexan- The Sugar Market this afternoon ispmo're firm
dria on the 13th July, consistin ' of four ships of the early in the week the holders do not seem so much
their wanton procession into that borough, at a dispute would be practically settled. The most We promised the other day to lay before our
amusements of the farmers, whether of the men, who
readers some observations regarding the decrease line, seven double-bank frigates, wigth a few small vessels, elined to force sales. The estimated purchases for
time when it could answer no fair election end, eminent of the performers examined upon this thought the sports of the field occasionally admissible, or
the women, who sought the embellishments of domestic of the negro population in our West India Co-
but serve merely to provoke an exasperated po- point took different sides ; and Mr. Colman and four fireships. Intelligence was received of their bay- week are 2,500 hie's. and trs.
.he Refined Market there has been much heavi
pulace into immediate outrage. We have never seemed to mediate between the extremes by de- life, conse.quent upon increasing knowledge, were th.e con- lonies ; a decrease which has, by the anti-colo- ing been at Cyprus.
T.he following is the latest bulletin from the army of andlnprtices are rather lower.
stant subjects of sarcasm and abuse-the theme which the •
lolf ,
JlBul3y2) :
at N o
intaow,bniotthuthoetsrta6pe
fudnoid.rciehni,aganasteot hmwseiiennepeakreliicyttehhsteeiolnree:
spoahaumactski.e
heard any serious defence of the return of Mr. daring for a theatre smaller than Covent-garden rusts, been attributed, not to the true cause-
free trade philosophers seemed to have a malicious plea. Syria :-
Irving into the town of Clithero, nor indeed any but larger than the Haymarket. But though sure in dwelling upon. which is very well known to them-but to " the BULLETIN.
p. nbrgeTi
ce Lheo
seul
fmi
Got
trpri
eost
,h,ogeerars
yveuet:
rational explanation of it, which did not deeply the committee do not absurdly deliver any opi.• e * • • • • nature of slavery," to " sugar cultivation," to
car
eff imani aanti
impugn the motives of that gentleman's parti- nion to Parliament about the propriety of fixing One of their favourite rdects was the annihilation of
the poor land cultivations') ti . ake room for the ch " excessive labour," to " a scanty supply of "On the 11th of the moon Sa‘ferju(9"tis
fourhin the morning, the army let!j•tr Horns. It prittsteth,eeeatiolteedd
6onfid:a.pia,:ndwiez:easricri: = i ;au ralteanottatressdaat:
Itullteml:
sans, if not his own ; since it was clear enough the size of theatres by statute, their report con-
foreign corn from the riCh Lints of foreien countries, teusilt; food," and to every thing else that is likely to
tn:il thvell
that those who could have troops to aid them, tains recommendations on various other points thus force the export of more of our manufactures, re attach odium to the colonists. In pursuance of u leazioof Raastrthoeno til)saased itsitteee,oiwgilata
had nothing to fear from a collision with the un- which appear to us equally judicious and benefi- gardless always of the value of the home market. Then this system of misrepresentation, a Paper, bear- posite side. tit of the eleven guns which the enemile);' out tacitt;sv.arraloohttraoionied3.o9 F6ittr
t=hed continues w
pat 'rui
eer
cobhouatys ei
anr
wsg aamrr
eeo r
oeofnf
rl
ayene tyl a
yff
se
faroil
ren sgt
hu6enldh.e.or
ing the signature uf Mr. Fowell Buxton, was, Paellas were enabled to save at the moment of their de- This afternoon there is *no Lsiness•doing in Refin
armed multitude,-whilst he who had vindictive cial. These relate, first, to the licensing of caonoseotoloseiorogrland
dmeasure of turning the. paperiddebt of
feelings to gratify, could indulge them on easy theatres ; second, to the licensing of plays ; 8
old etand'ard.o ;his atlhl other pape.r debts mto go ,at tihe ai bout six months ago, most industriously circu- feat, six have fallen into our hands on the march.
ey accomplished-down went tue
fated, compiled from certain Parliamentary do- a " The panigcrewaltsitehhatsttbrueyckcotohte.oueendemthyetart.fitighhethwatittlietouotf
terms. The parties who were brought up to third, to the privileges of the patent theatres ; value of land, and the produce of land, and every other
mf6oer2tal.or
awd
e.TLhuemGp sr,o c
ea ur
at
ever: sa7tlspoting to enter Hamah. The tribe of Anezez, EAST INDIA SUGARS. -We contin to
lbitezr c.nn j
answer for their crimes in this instance, have and fourth, to the kind of copyright, or rather product of industry-ruin fell upon thousands. The op- cutnents of his own selection, by which it was
portunity of investment for paper holders became, in made to appear that in the West India Colonies the taking advantage of their dispersed state, fell upon the fu- public sales of this article, and there Italeein
not much reason to regret the light which was stage or acting right, protection to be afforded
thrown by the witnesses on their general to the authors of dramatic works. 1. Nothing
tt i- ue ti
4,,h s
e, al , geaoladfen oitlafprortßunit.y, whichmtohreeyoorfle7ae availed decrease in a population of about 730,000 was, gitives, and killed and stripped the greater part of them. doing by private contract, our quotationsg remain!. with
party to "On the 12th (10th of Jely), at two o'clock in the any alteration.
morning, the General-in-Chief his Highness Ibrahim FOREIGN SUGARS.-This article still continues w
demeanour throughout the day. Thomas can be wiser or more unobjectionable than the h
all these proceeding's, andmlgslworausid think nobody profited Mier deducting the increase in Barbadoes, &c.,
Pitch, left the camp at the head of same regiments ol out any show of activity and the onlyd transacHtioane
footing on which the committee place the powers about 42,000 zn eleven years, or a trifle more
Pryer was accused of " d-rnn-g" some- more largely."
body, and of using the words c, d-mn-d of the Lord Chamberlain respecting the licens- Mr. Baring, in one of his speeches, boasted than a half per cent. per annum. The abo- cavalry, and after two hours' march entered Hanaah. notice is a parcel of about'6oo ch
After two hours more the infantry regiments entered also. nab, sold at 355. In Brazil nothings bgaosobeewohLe ;
boroughmongers ;" it was sworn moreover • ing of theatres in the metropolis and for 20 miles that he had never taken any of the public money. litionists argue that this decrease is of itself
ot p.r.scaes ; 3
that he had been " grinning" a good part round. No house of dramatic entertainment This is as good as if a man who had every day a sufficient proof of the miserable condition "We took near flunals five pieces of artillery which chests 589 barrels Brazil have been entered here since
salte thids da.y 255 chests damaged w
theve.n.emybhald y.et rtemahining, els well as the tents and 20th inst.
of the day : in spite, however, of all these at present licensed is to be interfered with the command of a cellar stocked with the choicest of the slaves, and a good ground for destroying
gn gpmageh
as,
heavri :vs
laora
tt rash() p
tsh•eir artillery, at Haßvaynnpaulthlield
el-mn--g sins, and this alarming distortion of or suppressed in consequence of any legisla- wines, should boast that he never accepted of an the intlustry of our sugar Colonies, and for ren-
tire act which may emanate from the present Pr"
The flyin
invitation to drink ale. Why the man is se- dering them a scene of violence and bloodshed. length made a halt, and rallied at the centre of Medak. all taken in at maitre 16 chests brown Bel
feature, the case was dismissed at once, without
inquiry. They are all allowed to exist, and turated with money. If lie could have shown The statement alluded to has, since its publica- As to Field-Marshal Hussein Pacha, it is understoud he is MAURITIUS Suoarl'hree small public sales, c
any evidence on Prver's behalf being asked for
e thl
eo
sweerfoquunadlitbi
to have an extension of privileges, so as to that, with the abundant means at his disposal, tion, been partially corrected, but it stiil contains arrived at Antioch.
despatched to the Divan Effendi to send ctaoimniengon3slnsc4e htlaregs'2oethhieflinystadatth;
by the Magistrates. Jas. R obinson was prosecuted
include,, permission to represent " the regular he had ever done extensive good, that would very material errors ; for instance, it has been lin:ter:is ityrztet
st.
for a riot, and was charged by one of the witnesses
Jean of Acre the Lieutenant-Colonel st dy
with having struck at a person in the seat behind drama, or any other drama of which the Li- have been something to boast of. Mr. Wes- clearly shown, by a comparison with the registers of Artillery), with 300 cannoniers, &c , and all the draught eveiancedptriiicaeos,aitinttilt altlgether rather more competition '
censer warrants the performance. On the other tern gives him here a hard touch, when he ob- in Demerara, that the decrease in that Colony is horses of that place, for the service of.the pieces taken from livery last week weassa;sso6foth:apraecfedinhg week. Thet
a carriage, in which Mr. Brocklehurst was stand-
hand, they in their turn are not to enjoy the serves-" Mr. Baring says, if he was not a friend between three and four thousand less than that the enemy. This day our army will march upon Aleppo." and 360 bags for exportation. gof :rrrizetictranreepti
ing. With regard to this offence, it was proved
monopoly from which they have ousted their to agriculture, he should not stand for Essex. which he states ; and it is equally true that in th [Here follows. an. account of the regular troops rou d h
te- -y to report. The present stock is about 49,460 b • t
ags ,
that Mr. Brocklehurst's carriage had no seat
rmy of Syria in the battle of Horns amountin to of the 22d of Se •
, g . p.ember, 1831, was 124,850 bees. f
behind it ; and as for " riot," it was distinctly two great oppressors. Upon the petition or Where else would he find such affection for an Jamaica and in other Colonies, where the working 10,4571 men. Of these regular troops about 1,500 ma- quotations compared with th . h d f Se' I
use at te en o ptem
made out that Robinson had exerted himself to representation of any parish or district that a Anti-Reformer, panting after the overthrow of his
„ of the Registration Biils was not at first under- naged to escape from the hands of our brave soldiers. The 1831, '
are about 7s. to Bs. higher on the lower and ab
prevent any breach of the peace. This case also ' for the conveniense of its
new theatre is required e old associates, which he boasts of having found in stood, double returns of negroes were made ; for test were killed or made prisoners either by us in the ac- 4s. higher on the good and fine descriptions. '
inhabitants, the Lord Chamberlain is to grant the Northern Division of the county ? Cer- instance, persons holding mortgages over estates, ion, or by the Anezez Arabs in their flight.] COFFEE.-The public sales since this day week la
was dismis'sed, to the amazement and horror of
the Irvingites, while Robinson's employer vo- Permission to build it. The petition will only tainly not in any of the populous towns. Where and those in actual possession, made separate YOLCANIC ISLAND. been about 700 casks and 150 barrels and bags Brid
ue'y'erili
Plantation ; ord. Jamaica 725. a 745., good and fine o
hinteered to give the poor man the highest pos- be a formality, when the respectable inhabitants does he live ? It is a bad sign when a man of returns of the same negroes, by which means (From the Malta Gazette.) 755. a 795., fine fine ord to mid. 86v. a 65. Ab
sible character. James Lawton was charged by of a neighbourhood really desire such an accom- his property goes from home to pick up a seat the numbers in 1817, with which Mr. Buxton The Lieutenant-Governor is pleased to publish, for ge- 1,600 ba ' •
gs Ceylon have been sold, ord. to good 0
Mrs. Betty Cottam with feloniously and trea. modation to their amusements-and the neces- in Parliament." This is a ho»ze thrust. Some commences his statement, appear to be greater ncearatlaiionfocrmaHtionwai cbopy
eof an impo
dr.tant i !epos: from 51s. 6d. a 535. 6d., coloury and of a superior gall
sonably opening the door of Mr. Irving's carriaee, sity of a license may act as a check on their people are trusted (as the adage has it) because than the actual number of negroes then existing. .1(4 Rapid, addressed rnto ' VciocrAidurni2 tlistse
illoasujesZ'sra 575. 6d. a 595. 6,1. In Foreign Coffee no transaend
and spitting into it. But Mrs. Betty Covent disturbers, or a protection to their tranquillity, they are known, and some because they are not But even a decrease of one-half per cent. per Henry Hotham, commanding his Majesty's ships and yes- areTrietported.
ere were no public sales to-day, nor any purchase'
was flatly contradicted by the oath of Mr. Hartly, where a new place of entertainment would only known. The Parsons of the North Division of annum is easily accounted for. It is matter of sels in the Mediterranean, stating the existence of a most :
private contract.
a solicitor, who proved that Lawton stood by be a nuisance. 2. In what is said of the duties Essex are now leagued with the Jews, under history, as well as of positive records in Parlia- p
d aanogteariaoruisa s
al InHda I :LI t I ice. a Isnti do-fc hr. n.
lel be tdw ee nt thh e island of Rum, BRANDY, AND HOLLANDS. The rumour/
him the whole time that Mr. Irving , was and the emoluments of the Licenser, we fully the pretext of protecting agriculture. Mr. Wes- mentary documents, that the West India islands been sent to his Excellency bye' Y('.3aapntainwhS.w i
ti cuorpoye hie: war, and the large fleets from England and France fitti
passing through the town, and that he, Lawton, concur. We are not of those who would dis- tern was the Seconder of Lord Chandos,, generally, when first colonised by the British, obed.ence to the Vice-Admiral's order :- b , out to hlockade Holland (according to report) have ha'
viery favourable effect upon Rum ; the Market is sb'
wasnever within many yards of Mr. Irvin g's car_ pense with this office altogether, though it may motion for the franchise to the fifty pounds a were covered by groves of large thnber trees; and " His Majesty's sloop Rapid, at Malta, Aug. 24. d. per gallon higher, and more business doin ;Po
riage. This great criminal was likewise, without sometimes be exercised with a little rigour or year occupancy, and a strenuous champion of it. that in consequence the British adventurers " pur-
.i" Sta.7-I have the honour to inform you, that in coin and a little over sold at Is. 73a1. to Is. 8d ,gd a al
farther ceremony, discharged. The fourth was Prudery, and at other times with a little caprice. If he should be thrown out under this alteration, chased only strong African men, from twenty '
lex:inticineditthhr?er of the 18th.of. June last, I have
where the volcanic island appeared last few parcels of proof Leewards on sale ;no p'areels no/i
William Greenhalgh, who stood charged by one The dramas acted on the smaller stages at Paris in a county in which his character stands so high, to forty years of age, as alone equal to the work summer. ,sp be had at ls. 7d. Brandy is firm. In Geneva there
Arkwright with seizing hold of his " left•leg," h v
a e not, like the charter, been improved by what better argument can be found for the Bal- of clearing and rendering the soil productive," elt has left a dangerous shoal, consisting principally T
no alteration.
stneow.-The Tallow Market continues dull, b
to unhorse him, and with having thrown a
.stone " the glorious days,' which at once overturned lot ? The Essex Independent well observes :- and it was not until years after this, when some of black sand and stones, with a circular patch of rock in with little variat• •
and hit the back part of the helmet of one the power of the Bourbon's and of the eWe are doomed, daily, to hear, from various quarters, degree of comfort had been established, that fe- the middle of it, about 42 yards in diameter, en which IN DIGIO.-In Iloniditgaso tothperreicies. a
ltera •
of the soldiers. Another man, however, proved dramatic censors. The public should always ,-. molt udnicoritfothmal proceedings on the part of the males were desirable ; and even then it was im t9hefreee are 2Aflaittriomsiw:ter generally, but in one spot only
nt e rock there are from 2i to 3 fa- Ts.t.-.The demon! for Bo Zs coatilnoune's to be song
that it was he, and not Greenhalgh, who touched have some assurance beforehand that neither their T
ceiviy an . r s. 0 this County, who, not content with re•
mg their stipulated rents, are now found assumin the possible, all at once, to restore the equality of thoints., de •
epening gradually to 5 and 6 fathoms, at the derable ; the advance paid fer th • -id l S.'
few breaks of Cone em is . . per b.
aou cammand a like advance. 00°1
moral feelings nor their literary taste shall be the sexes. The negroes brought from Africa, average distance of 100 yards from the centre, then [nor
Arkwright's leg, because the latter's horse had station of Dictators, and, by intimidation and threat gin e Pekoes are worth 2d. profit.
of tbe;sr„, grossly offended by the entertainment which they not h b 1
ay t_e p.anter, but by traders, sanctioned vapidly to 10, 20, 30, 40, &c. fathoms.
trodden upon him, and the casting sisting upon an exercise of the elective franchise of'their Hors.-The duty to-day is stated at 130 000 L ;tj
was disputed by the oaths of three witnesses le to en'o • and if the I icenser is Revere tenants in direct o osit. t " A small deeached rock with 15 feet on it lies 130
assemb jy , . , , y .pp ion o their consciences. We and encouraged by the British Government, d , , late
yar sto the S.W. ef the central patch. About three- advance in the prices of la b '•k ' na°
ops as cnet ed the del
~
the author has his revenge by his " 'sdeath I'll were alw, ays afraid of the tendency of the Marquis of were, as the latelVlr. K. Macaulay tellsus, " cap-- SALTPETRE.-The warlike reports have occasioned,'
who had stood near the accused. Greenhalgh quarters of a mile NW. of the centre, there is a detached
Chandos s 50/. clause ;we suspected the quarter from ' t• k ' • " "h il hi ther a hr. k I •
Is trtu e in -altpetre, but there is no alters"'
tives aen in war, or -a- suajects of the bank, with 23 fathoms on it. All the rock appears to be in th •
was merely held to bail in 20/., to appear, if " 3. Even the mana ers of the atent
print it. g P whence it originated ; and every dav's experience oes to
theatres should be the first to allow the free coin • barbarous States enslaved for their crimes ;" and dark-coloused porous lava, and the sand (which is ex- eeteprices.
of/
called upon, at the approaching Sessions. • The piove, that those fears were but to.O well founded g But S es.-Tbe puplie sales of Pimento this weekit
etition of the minor theatres in every sort of will the people submit to this state of things ? Are the it was therefore so exceedingly difficult to esta- trerr!ely fine in the deepest water) is composed entirely of
fifth process was brought against Richard Frank- P r.ther heavily, ord., 50. a5l • gl;
d. ; mid. to gocal, 5 ,
acting,-a concession which they must make at Conservatives so blind as not to perceive what must be the blish a healthy state of society, that even,
opeaarrtatihes
sohfo tihe same s.uhstan.ce ; by this. the soundings 53-cl., being iel. to id. lower. About three hundred sw
land for catchina hold of a soldier's bridle, for
may be distinguished, but it should be Bp 4
'nevitable consequence of these misdo'n s 9 Have they no
last, whether they will or no. If th 7, themselves If . „ . •g • . . up to the present period, there is still in bags Pepper, mid. heavy, 3id. a 3icl. 2
the purpose of Lowing down the horse ; and a proached with great caution, as a large extent of discou-
newly vosce to warn them of the gulph over whlch they c l • BLCE.-Rice is still very firm in price, but feW r
many o onies a very great disparity be- loured but deep water, which lies to the S.W. may be
plucky fellow this Frankland must have) been, adhered to " the legitimate drama, or regu ,
ler
are hanging? Will they shut i heir eyes to the truth that ate reported.
or marvellously thick in the carnium, since it • " like the Theatre Fra -
tragedy and comedy, n the people will be free, and thet if they have no other tween the nuinber of males and females, mistaken for it, while the real danger is seldom visible till COTTON. -The Cotton Market continue bri,t;
would appear that he returned to the 't
barge pis in Paris, they might have some reason to Means, it will and must be by the ballot ? The expe- for instance, we find by Official Returns it
dis.ne.ar, being composed of very dark-coloured materials, the late advanced prices. The sales this ws eevekry researd
after being struck down-in other 'wows complain that others invaded their exclusive riitence of the last two or three months has convinced us of that in 1817 there were in Demerara 44,137 laati tu td
el s a six% sl Lorne p. t tldiat tshefarlead canrno.t bde trusted. Its Bengal, fair to good, sd. a bid. ; 3,200 Surat's, or•St
mte me.ans of ob-
t e ne • ssity-of the absolute necessity, of urine such a good, 4id. a sd. ; 2,050 Sonata public sale, ord. to 9
males, and only 33,730 females ; Berbice, in servation enabl:olaue decide, a7remy
37 deg. 9 min North
" cut down '-three tinzes with the sOldier's rights ; but the fact is, they themselves are
measure. What other measure can possibly be proposed ' , 4itl a si-al. ;40 Bowed, good fair, 61d. a 7d.;
sabre. What a fine thing to have brai 's
that universal usurpers, and, according to the evidence 1818, contained 13,802 males to 10,747 females ; and 12 deg. 43 min. East of Green wich.
are sabre proof! However, the Tory ss earine of one of the witnesses, seem to think every-, -his good will and his best wishes-and with the same Trinidad, in 1815, contained 14,133 males to "In four days, during which the wind was constantly
would not do ; Frankland's witnesses n irectl7
1
thing " the legitimate drama" but " lions.' we cannot imagine. When a man tenders all be can give
breath says that he is tied down by a tyrannical landlord 11,411 females ; and, had we documents to show N
froEm.N.tWhe.,Nculrvrents veer perceived
prey s ing, an from N.W.N., and Madras, good fine, sid. a bid.
d sometimes running /of The Aver g Pr' ------....--
PRICE OF SUGAR.
Operas, pantomimes, horsemanship, elephants, --
inawnecaasuk,vawteithactchaergiraeatetst ptohssibdl.e confidfenhc.e, howi that the proportionate numbers at the period of the - - from the Reatuerns icmeaodfeßiron wtnheorwMeer
eovnzro Sugar, copied
contradicted the accusation, and his cAe wa‘s a mile an hour.
-all are " the legitimate drama," with the ex- irizish= abolition of the slave trade in 1807, we should e The temperature of the water on and near the shoal "
I)eltislo&f.t2i.is 275. 3d. per Hundred Weigliii:,getxhcj4‘ vti; 0
adjourned. Now, is it not terrible tilat so unless he is protected hog, the ballot ? t These toms paid or payable thereon on the Inv° y
ceptiyn of " lions !" 4. We need scarcely ad- be able to see more clearly the great dispanty does uot differ from that of the sea at a distance. thereof into Great Britain.
much English blood should have been spilled at spreading rapidly, and the time is fast approPachin: when
--,
Clithero on that disgraceful day by the mili- vest in the last place to the judicious recommen- the people of England shall no longer labour under the between the sexes at that period, and the
sid" If have moored in three fathoms water at the N.W.
the shoal a water-cask nainted whits with a nol„ Kent Pockets ettICES OF HOPS.-Sept. 21 p
6/ 6s. 71. 7s. to 91; 9
dation of the committee for the protection of dictation of a proud and imperious aristocracy, or of a do- gradual approximation to a more natural state in ito , , . , • - Sussex Ditt -
tory, and that the sum-total of the transgressions urmounted by a white ball ; and at the S.E. side ot 6/ Os. 6/. 12s. to 7_l* it
Vssex Ditto°
dramatic literature-a recommendation which mineering and meddling priesthood." of society which has since been slowly but • i . ....... 0/. Os. 01. Os. to u*
• 0
imputed to the people amounted to this,i viz.- the shoal in 3 fathoms, a similar cask, painted black, bear- Farnham Ditto, Fine 0/. Os. 101. 10s. to 111. p
But this intimidation has its advocates. The dII L' 1 Al • ;
we ourselves suggested at the time of its appoint- gra uaay teen piece. isaaunnus, the most ing a black ball on a pole. These two buoys are about
one man d-ing the boroughmongeis ; an-
Kent 11ag5w...................war 41. 4s. 51. 5s to •,•,, 10.
Standard tells the Tor landlord, that it is er- r
ment. It is really a disgrace to the legislation of s . y . . . p ecently acquired of' our colonies, shows a one hundred and twenty yards apart. Sussex Ditto
other hittina some unfortunate individualwiho was
b 1 ti fair to turn a farmer adrift, if he will not t a • " I have the honour to be, Sir, Essex Ditto- Ol. Os. 01. Os. to 10' )
our country, to see a law on our statute book for ec Y , . s son, instance of this disparity of the sexes.
snugly seated in the non-existing dickey of some Old Duty laid at 130,000/.
" Your most obedient humble servant,
vote as he is commanded-that if he has a con- I 181
nearly a century and a half to protect copy- , , , n 4 the number of male slaves in that island relies OF OIL. --.:,,, 1
potential carriage ; a third spitting into a ye- " C. H. SWINBURNE, Commander." .
ience, he ouaht not to attend to its dictates Rape Oil, brown .....-......-321. 65............... Refined -z"-I'
right from piracy, and to find none to protect se , a . , was 52,091, and of females 26,011. Of course -sae Is ,
hicle from which he was separated by ai much " To Sir Henry Hotham, &c." Linseed Oil
space as it would have taken a pistol-iball to what (for want of a better word) may be called but to the dictates of his landlord.
" We can have no diffic lt " r contem the natural decrease has been very great ; and, •• il t•
Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, per thousand •• a I
gape Cake, per ton ...±.2
y,f says otdi I porary, as the humanity of the British nation has long In the use of the bow and arrow, the skill of
traverse ; a fourth touching a man's leg, because stage or acting-right. A play is, of course,
"in adv• • h l 11 du
wing t e am or s o Englan , w tatever they Wll I l'Ecki A PEE HA Y M A ItKET.-Sept. %gm.' •
ecree t at no urt er importation shall take
d d h f h ' the moderne seems to have declined on the European con- Hay -...-.. 70s. Od. to 84s. Od. 1 Clover 80s Od. to 1"" /
a horse's hoof had trodden upon his neighbour's tnade to be acted ; the profit arising from its may think of the ballot, both to despise and resent the
toe; and a fifth maliciously getting up three mere sale as a published poem is no reward for menace of that measure thrown out by Ministers and by place, one-half of the male population are neces-
htinent and in Britain. The range of an arrow's flight is
under 200 yards, but there was lately a Turkish Am- 5traw..................... 24i. Od. to 30s. Od.
..„.../
PRICE OF POTATOES.-SepL 28.
times to seize the bridle of a trooper's; horse, its composition. And yet, by paying for a sin• h i dh
Lea- asere,nts. What, in fact, is the language of this sarily condemned to a life of celibacy ; and it is
bassador in London, who, in displayin his strength, shot Ware 2/. 10s. to SI. 10s. per toe.
after being thrice cut to pieces, we are iold, by gle copy, or as many copies as may supply a m. -nace?. Ifdi you,
.beiing landholders, !ler; to employ, evident that, until the balance of the sexes be ~„ the distance of 480 yards ; and a regcent traveller men- ant UES OP LEATHER. d.
the valiant horseman's sabre ! Since suit) were green-room, the most meritorious drama may be
tylir°Prastintilomnei oat:Li:l:Ye:it/et:l3; rhtiifesioulnpie.:unnesee twobi:cht restored, an enormous decrease must annually t
t.ons a random shot by HASSAN' AGA, a Turkish Govern( r Etutts, En:nellb. d. to d.
16 M English HoPrsereTlid g
publicly acted for profit within a short distance of take place, in spite of the utmost humanity. In of Athens, which, on measurement, he found to be 584 girtet,inFgoheigens...........- it la Spanish grtt?.....-.....• • .
the cases brought forward by the Consetivatives, in your circle as every manufactourer a)cits, as every ennui-
d en. ts t,
we may judge pretty fairly that they had iiothing the author, or of the house to which it was ori- tant acts in his, as the servants of the Crown act towards Barbadoes, the most ancient of our West In- yards. Ditto
Ditto li ht -...... 14 17 Calf Skins.. 30 to 40T' 16 t
„., ginally given for representation, without asking their fellow servants, if of inferior rank-if, in short, you dist settlements, a 'lateral increase of the slave , Letters from Napoli to the 28th of July state Crop k_.E .....--....... - - Ditto ........,. 50 to 7011. 0;;
Hides, light -....... 12 131 Ditto 70 to 801 b,• 16 P
worse to exhibit ; and is it not monstrous,
itto
that i.nstructions had been received by th.e Admirals cons- gitto--......40 to 451 b. 13 15t Small Seals. Grcenlan:jy
repea ,
t that so much human blood should have his leave or paying for his permission. fa
a allow your propert.y to
.have its. natural infl.uenc.e in fa-
vour of those political views which you conse:ennously be- population to the extent of nearly 6,000 has
-a . mending the forces of the three Powers in the Levant to --. 14 16i Large dittn.... i
been spilled, for the chastisement of a mnititude France " they manage better, and give the
lieve to be the best, the King's 'Ministers pledge them- taken place between the years 1817 and 18-av
' be ready to send, each of them, a ship of war to such port RAW HIDES. te
, d• 1
author an interest in the representation of his but a reference to public documents will show ner Stone. s. d. to s d
against none of whom any graver accusatihn than selves, lay their speeches and their Journals, to strike down in Italy as shall be pointed out by the Minister Of their re- Rest Heifers& Steers'', 4 o. e
ordinPer Stone. g sos
such as we describe could ke proffered ? ; Tories PlaY whenever and wherever it is acted. Is a the whole influence of property throughout the country, in that even so far back as 1801 the slave popula- spective nations at Munich, for the purpose of conveying sliddlings---...........1 10 2 0 Market Calf 6 t..VI .
dramatic author in England to be deprived of order that punishment may reacts you.' And now, let tion of that island consisted of 29,872 males and the Regency of the young Prince OTIIO tO Greece.
ro n TRICE OF TALLOW, SOAP, &c. per 1121 b• op
are fond of calling in the army, because they are
's before them the .atter eeLvlitiels°sTa----- 41
a laltat.,=,---",....4
so frequently at war with public opinion, apd have the pro•ection given to the successful cultivators :2etiltaendlo.r;l: :f EI:igel:de::11
..et:t tirouleseati:ke
this.
N, 34,334 females, showing an excess of I Accounts from Frankfort on the Maine, re-
no efficient ally but the sword. But smell days, of other kinds of literature, because he supplies matter) ing'what relations of reciprocal kindness anti tradi- of' no less than 4,462. This excess has gradu- ceived in the city yesterday, etate that, on the 21st, a vio- S!'oVahl!tf.Mtto' 43s. 6d. White.............--........ 1*
425. Od. Graves ~.. Og• -
ally increased ; and to this, and not to the un- lent attllckd wr made upoa the King of BAVARIA as lie MultecaStutr---.......365. Od. Good Dregs ......-.5V
his works to the stage instead of sending them tional connection they rney have hitherto lived with their
we trust, are gone by for ever,-excep where
of the city.. A mob collected
.and U it"g".....w.w..-..22e. Od• .,
open war is declared, or rebellion, unde some
to the Press, and becomes an accomplice with a tenants ; in such, if the threat of the ballot be listened to, healthy nature of sugar cultivation, the increase p
apertrodacim t.le gates
h with stones, and he is stated to have received PRICE OF CANDLES. , , 6,01
unprincipled plea, recommended against the con- class of men shom the law used to denominate thety
oF.:ni
blivteheno i l!nstger. t The intrusefincdarin!idate, in that island may be attributed. For we be- serious injury. The 'nice of Store Candles, in the retail shops is aS ." „.0.•
Candles. per doz. 7s. 00. to Ss. Od. 1 Moulds, peidose2,,,'/I
" vagabonds ? We readily answer, no ; and P ° y AI nis, ry al ti th_ inoln w is way
, , lieve that on a riaid examination it will be found fs
stituted power. We do earnestly hope and upon every estate-why not, indeed, into every family r b POPLITEAL ANEURISM.-A case of this SHEEP SKINS. ,so r
we are persuaded that another Session will not that, after deducting the domestic slaves and Short Wool „....... Os. Od.. to Os. Od.l Lambs ....-......... Is. ,""• j
trust that the King's troops will not again he drawn He will command the votes of the tenantry eye, and ase as been so much benefited by pressure and co'd,
dise h Shearlingswls. o,i. to Is. Bd.
ass without a beneficial extension of the law of of the landlota, too, if the landlord is weak enough to others there not actually employed in sugar cul- as to remove all pulsation, and lead to a belief that a cure ----." 0
out for putting down even the licentiousness of P
copyright to acted literature.- Times. fear the imputation of weakness. Suppose landlord and tivation, those employed in raising canes pro- y
ma be effected without an operation.-London Medical Price of TPLlwCtsOsFtiit
tett vii FAT, per stone ot 811). ,
his Majesty's subjects. It is the business of
tenantry to be heartily united in Tory principles-the d • and Surgical Journal. by the Tallow Meltersl,-•-•" 0
policemen, not of soldiers ; and where there ap- We have often endeavoured to combat the tenant is solicited by some mean tool of the Jacobin antit C
uce as great aqu yO. sugar in proportion
Enais, in his notes to BRAND, SayS, " The COAL MARKET.--Sept. 28. t,
Per Ton. as. d. Per Ton. ..es/ •
pears no chance of military menace or demon- views of Mr. 'Western, while we have always Ministry, some bailiff-begotten lawyer or sharking ad. their n mbers as is roduced in
to u p o•
tiler islands, kdair's ~., „
• practice of eating goose on Michaelmas Day does not ap- Beaumont -"--.........- 19 0 Walls End lintsputo,,o
stration, men of property and firmness still feel done justice to his good intentions, his unsullied venturer-the Tory det the en•o as sood heal I
tenantlrefuses fo vote for such a fel- an y y i y t, t 1 as any of their
pear to prevail in any part of France. Upon St. Martin's East Percrw."'*--"." llg fi IV3Vir IRI4 Hilda.-11
gworth seasq
• • low. ' Aye, my good man,' replies the candidate ' I fellow slaves. A careful eru • 1
p sa of official pa- Day, they eat turkey at Parisi. They likewise eat geese 141Yswietietei1770-7----- ii 2 pitto Northutritiq,lr,4
it their duty, as well as interest, to reinfcirce and , honour and consistency as a politician. Indeed
see
how it is : Mr. A , your landlord, I know 'is a I
pers s lows many remarkable examples of the on St. Martin's Day, Twelfth D ay, anti Shrove Tuesday, tiontop Windsor 14 L 211: VA Wedge,." -...i
protect the police. Had it been possible for a no man is more esteemed by all parties, in Par- Tory : Lord John Russell firresaw this when he sa(d the gradual approximation towards an equalization at Paris." In Denmark, where the harvest is later than I a"field----•--- 19 3 Walls End Lambton,s,4 i
Tory Government to rule this country during liament and out of Parliament, than Mr. Chas. Ballot would become necessary. Next year, however, his
f the sexes to a healthy state of society in other here, every family has a roasted goose for sup er on St. Willin t
West Hartley --.....-...... 20 6 Ditto Russell's Wl' ',/f•
p gon -.-_____. air 0 Walls End Adelaide
_,,,,i1 I
the last eighteen months, with the spirit, of the Western. It grieves us to think that such a Lordship and my other friends will correct all that :if you o n s eve. --a trror.
Marti ' if Walls End Boundary ........- 19 0 Walls End Tees •••'.7/1
eation so raised and eager for reform, these is no man should be 'hard pushed in his own county, are sincere in your Toryieni, you will have the pleasure of islands, although the natural consequences, an
On Saturday last died, after a very short ill- tTsmockelland c 0..... 21 3 Cowpen ...•
Fld and Cciii :
introduce the Ballot hy our refitsal-if you are increase of' numbers, do not appear for some aosteorgin - 170 (9, Stlkstone le
netts, in his 33,1 year, Tuos. CLARE, Esq. one of the Walls End 6
question that the standing maxims of Toryism and that too by a man like Mr. Alexander auind,ilnrg ctoontro I, w h e ill •hy land! d, and set
punts your • or years afterwards. Dominica, for instance, had Surgeons of the Lincoln County Hospital. Tbe disease of Ships arrived sine. hot ss.rket-daf. 13'1 64 I
would have impelled a Government so composed Baring, whose whole life has been one tissue of ef fP 1 yw w
you ree.
--.........---____
~,,....5„,. 1
• . arrived at this healthy state in 1814, when it which he died is one of very rare occurrence-a p talon „
to attack the political unions, and other organs inconsistency, and who never made one speech If th t
e enant must have no opinion of his LOUNI•ItY CORN MARKEI's DtlitiNG Tla - faf ' ,
possessed rather more females than The
males. of the stomach having passe's' into the chest throegh the
Wheat.
of public feeling. vi et armis ; and that . the in which one-half of it ws no
a tan answer to the own, why give him a vote ? Why not at once '. assa e for the eeso ha us for hra in and
med by the diap g , Berle . oats.
Per Quarter y 1 , I
. former, however, gradually continued to increase p g P g • ----- ............_ -- .."- a.
se
not-long-delased issue of such a conflict would other half. Mr. Baring has always in tile Hou give the landlord the power of voting for his until in 1829, the excess of females i •
, n a P°Pu- coln M rct
become strangulated so as to produce mortification. -Lin- Ashburn ...---........... 62 66 _ 122 ---0 0
~
have been the subversion of the thronl. The of Commons been taken for the personification tenants ?In that case the tenant would have no •
lation of 14,500, was between 700 and 800. e my. Basingstoke --- 50 62 26 35- 120 24 20 I
EXTRAORDINARY DEATH.-Died on Tues-
Illlgewater cif)) 26 34 18 F;66 1054
Whi, Ministers of the year 1832 have saved of selfishness. He has been characteristically ground of corn l • t sibilit • was
Bristol .....o...••• 54 60 g 6, g v; ?I 56, t
n plaftn ,as no respon 3• . In the interval, however, until a fair proportion day se'nnight, in the prime of life, ROBERT HICKS, Esq.
Great Britain from the visitation of mist) Go- termed the man who represents his breeches- thrown on him. the landlord gave an unpriii- of females became marriageable, the aggregate of Afton House, Isle of Wight. His death was occa- shesterfield ---. 58 64 _ _ 21 Lu PA 1
vertunent, as the Whigs of 1688 released her pocket. He is rich, rich as Crcesus,: but, good cipled vote m •
, 1 his own soul would then lie the number of slaves I 11 • d d
gracile y continue to ecrease. sinned by accidentally running a rose-thorn between his ogliles----".---...-.. rel, 23°
33
24
.1)
; 5
ao 38 20 96,4 4
from the tangs of a single tyrant.-Time'a. God ! is a man, merely because he is rich, with „„ilt. It is i
, lot from influence when a land- In 1828 1 •
tus decrease was reduced to between fingers, which produced violent inflammation in the artn, oneaster -.a-sae.
gorchest 48 65 31 44 17 %.; 7
er...........„. 54 7 a ..n 6,0 07 2= / )
1 one title to the esteem and respect of his fel- lord threatens t ' and mortificatiop ensued with such rapidity as h ill
to _a_ e
,1,c:,€1,;.i......_,... 56 65 tut '4' it, ei 0, ,
We present our readers to-day whin the re- "o . . o eject a tenant, merely because 100 and 200 ; and, Dominica h • I
aving t len all medical aid. er..„,,,
56 60 34 36 19 °s° C
d 1 '
low-citizens to be returne as tle representative he will not vote at 1.- • •
us bidding. Would it be . Henget-Sore 91i / C
port of the Committee appointed, on the imotion . , , ,
f E "?
Mr reached the proper point, an increase beoan to LONGEVITY.-Died, in Ferns-court, Kevin- Leicester ........ 48 225 5..!. 15 gs 0 .1.
nOf ttie great county o. ssex .
of a divisio • from influence Utile tenant were to interfere with rs
of Mr. Bulwer, in June last, to inquire into the take place, which, between 1828 and 1829, was street, Dublin, on Saturday evening 1
aist, Amami BoTTs, tiewbury.........._,... 42 62 27 3"
- - / i -
from Buxton an Ad- his landlord's vote 7 t
Western has, we see, sent .. . f . Tle case of the servants of
rs. He served
. Romsey 3., 19 ~/ / ltl
laws affecting dramatic literature, together with no less than 356 ; and we have no doubt, if left a Chelsea extern pensioner, aged 106 yea Shatteslitry 56 62 30 38 23 ,„/ $1 i
n ' f the northern division o Government is not in •
dress to the electors o . . . . point. A house divided • in most of the general eng - 56 - 37 - ai 0
agements in Ame!•ica, and was a'htepton Mallet ..... 58 60 32 39 20 io O 1 r
as much of the curioua and amusing 'lsideirce in peace and quietness, the negro population of
Essex, in which he dwells on the injustice of Idus against itself cannot stand. The Government the subjcet of four Sovereigns. About eight years ago sn
r_urnbtorne....-.--- 52 60 30 36 22 sfi
delivered before it as we have ,now room to in- that isla d 'll
n wi continue to increase annually . ye
v.ion .....-_,. 58 712 - 3.5 20 5 g.•
having been held out as a partizan of free tra
~ cannot be properly served by those who disap- • a child was affiliated, and the honour and glory of pa- a
sert. The Committee, which conduCted its There are many other remarkable instances of ternity attributed to him. When be appeared at the °Pelr'B-esi-Ter- 56
6°
32
36 2% d' 0 °
s• 0 I
. s. d. a. d. s. d. s.d. s.:___
labours with laudable industry, and with liberal and opposed to agricultural protection,
bsvliilnlef prove of its policy, and the voting for an oppo- the natural approximation to an equality of the. Head Office to answer the damsel's summons, he calmly Shrewsbury assee S 6 9 6 6 0 6 6 5 0
. 8'
Mr. Baring is taking credit for his zeal in e a nent of the Administration is a proof of their
smiled, shook his head, and observed, "Eb, well, I don't ---_______
'views, sat 12 days, and heard about 40 wit- sexes in other islands, and we have no doubt
of
of agricultural protection. Our quarrel with r• dishonesty in retaining office under men of whose know, it might be the case surely." BIRTHS.
Dews, including the Deputy-Chamberlain, the that in a few years ever offic'al return will ive
y g
CHOLERA IN LONDON AND THE VICI- On th h inst the Idy of Charles Phelips, 554.' rtsi° tA
Park, Hee?t6st • a
Western is, that he has always clung to the conduct they dis•
approve. A man cannot be
,of a son. of Cs , th
Licenser of Plays, several managers pert
'sinners, the l'
le to tile assertions of the anti-colonists.
e , .
ifyincr to us to be able to
idea that the Leg_islature could protect the agri- well served h •
-y an enemy. But the connection as : NITY.-It is extremely grat s say On the 23d inst at Cabin Ireland the lady of h
writers on the drama, and dramatic authors. Our a herr antaeonists do not hesitate to affirm that • d b I • sno 1W • •• - " ' I
tit lute, Enniskillen Dragoons, of a son. ,ris%, i ~,
that, accarding to statements ma eto us y a genneman in
limits will not now permit us to enter on the dis- f- between
culturists. But for Mr. Baring to have the e a landlord and tenant is one of a purely
the abolitaists are not only well aware of this, i fidence and who h
waom we can place every con , as made st still-born.
. On the 26th inst. at Ham, Mrs. Brownlow .1- ' ..,v' Pi
tferd.' e,
cussion of the various topics which the
,mass of Ito commerci•leh •
frontery to pretend that he ever was a frieru a aracter. The obligation is mutual b
ut seek by precipitate measures to overwhelm his business to obtain information personally at a great tfis the 27th inst. at Wellesbottrne, near Stra
the agriculturists, in the sense in which and founded on mutual obligation. The tenant mic influence which had exi
the epide . . . sted for the Lady Charles Paulet of a son. __d ti
evidence embraces. The Committee themselves the colonies before those gross misrepresentations many points, • ill 0
brought forward many questions in their exami- they understand that word, almost staggers belief. might as well object to his landlord that he fre-
through which they seek political influence, and
. several months pipit in this metropolis and neighbourhood,
nd in the course of which some very remarkable oscilla- Es , . 11IARRIED.
„..euntonii, ~4
On rp-sttho Thset.HaotnoTuerigne ocuth JaNszaTeth, OP te.
nation to which they have not referred in their Well may Mr. Western express astonishment quented playhouses or drank claret instead of' ' f
take some orty or fifty thousand pounds a year ations took place. may now be considered as having worn thell'ate.anden Gray, Ninth LoratTlCTrukcildbriffOh OP Nu
". I have. also. (he says) advocated high legislative pro- port, as the landlord object to h
tae tenant that On the.27th it.?st. at the Old Church, Chelteno, f ,
11 anijSePli •sl
report. The long-disputed question of the coin- out of the pockets of the British I b •If out By inquiries made on Thursday and Friday -
teetion :gsanst foreign corn ; I have often, in consequence, . • • ined to the M• . peop e, ecome itse • . . . , Netherso,e, of New Inn, to Mary, only daughter Is *
n is incl mists r I
y ataer than to time
last, on one side of the river mom Kensington to Bethnal- of New Inn-buildings, Esq.
• dvanta es of reat
?endive a g g or small theatres is been much blamed ; anal in the year 1814 incurred some e . . manifest. We shall shortly revert to this sub- , tie
one of those on which they heard a greai variety personil risk. Moat of you remember that period when Opposition. The attempted control is felt as
•ect, vvhich we consider of articul ' -
ar im or- green, Saint George's in the East, and Shadwell, and on DIED. • 061' i
Ann 04 id Itiu
Lambeth to Benison 0 • 24th inst. at North Brixton,
of opinions, but delivered none of their own. 1
eie multitude, cruelly misled, attacked the person and pro- an insult by the object of it, as all unwarrant- i le other from
P• P t ' . tln.y, st appears] that iiOncV
sr. o ser,of Hatton-garden aged 38. , Ovj is
t th
tance a e present tnomentous period.-Morn- scarcely any recent cases existed in the dif h •
i erent ospwals, Lately, at Diebeattie, in the 82d year of l!is z:p'd .
petty of the advocates:of the measure then before the able assumptions are felt. It is calculated to . wit
Nor was it necessary, for ally practical purpose, zns Post. the greater part of the cases remaining under treatment bags, the well-known humourist mentioned to
use. Ido now advisedly say, that they were excited b 1 ' .
)
that they should do so ; because, whatever their Ho , . . , , throw society into disorder. The man who tells being convalescent. Some practitioners have not indeed IC"els."1
gr t
1 d • P 1.
to tnis mainsy uy speec les ma ein ar lament ; and that
own judgment might be on the subject, they could .
air. Bash g's speeches were the best calculated, if nut in- anotlier that if he do not vote at his dictation, The long-pending trial of the Bristol Magi- had a case of cholera in or out of hospital for three' or four' ."*.'""."....."'''
• tjl4
tli
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BIC MO R 0 0 I °
~. ' 1
110 i have fixed upon any exact size or measurement tended, for th it purpose; at all events, he was more justly he will eject him from his farm, deserves to be strates ceases on, we believe, the week after next. weeks pima -London Medical and S ' 1 J
urgica ournal, SUN OFFICE, 112, STRAND, UNDO,' Ih
~,ti
