'lttleharrges' and we fear that thousands of
Purch: annually extorted from timid persons
llNGVxemption from them. In Mr.
cro ,ALL's case it is impossible for the
e intlll°ns of human beings to believe a
jght of the criminatory part of the evidence
ly itrigainst him ; but there are many per-
of
td
men who, from the difficulty, or
•,and uILY, in making out so complete a
such rota
apprehension of the consequences
ieh of" charge on the mind of the public,
k,tac ten takes%hin up and retains vague notions of
'tl if nvna i g to a man against whom it is made,
rro
t—
! who nnocenthere are many men, we
her th' "jug these fears, submit to extortion
• an A
quire, netend themselves. Surely our law
r4eento4orne alteration, which shall render
aecus rs, who fail in establishing the truth of
ati ban they °us more accessible to punishment
w are.
tf
e
be no
81ir k ort Papers contain no intelligence
ghtest consequence.
h
,as been
reported ----ttha er
4' visit t one of the objects of
trt of t
o' was to _l-10 Duke of ORLEANS to this coun-
, the to[equest the expulsion of the members
herN4PARTE family, who are now re-
ildofthe. We are requested by a personal
f e Duke to say that there is no foun-
or the report.
i.There are
4tiltioos
of last ru 'me or two points of interest in the
. in , House
ant the of Com-
btr t° which
4 der We beg to direct the attention of
arter s It will be seen that the Bank
it,,lleelt(ille,stlion will probably be brought on
' una
,that .Mr. C. GRANT has assured
l't,i,t,SesuBsienthile East Charter will be discussed
We never had any doubt of this
ihNt to 'l' now long will the Session last? In
le2bsen,a question from Mr. HUME, respecting
b7tl PAce nf our Ambassador at Constantinople
piLtl4 f0.,.3/41\:!sT?N said he had been wind-
far'4nt „I month at Naples. Naples is a
r ace to spend a month in, or we
°tit ord
I) %Rat ONSONBY would have found
aat ther
117,1, e were such things as s.tearn-
ilet "ow not whether it would be 'neon.
~.14adn..1th diplomatic dignity for our Am-
to ,
head proceed to Constantinople by steam
lit, of
4t Proceeding there in a frigate ; but
ter auld we ap say to a commercial traveller,
Iteri ng been
t directed to go to Alanchester,
g awa L•
et pr„ employer's time at Liverpool,_
tit!at tfie`enfe that. he could not find horses?
otg, most important discussion. of the
.t4einh "°vvever, related to the continuance of
Abe 4gn On Dutch commerce. There can-
huteonia dnubt that we are suffering greatly in
WI( th coerce in consequence of it ; but we
toq,e reasons which were given by his 'Ala-
t, 0,
w ernment in its defence were satisfac-
kl eons Or would be worse, and war might be
111)g Of Ilience of suffering the conduct of the
e( Hither °LLAND to go uncoerced. Peace
,0 been preserved ; but as the King
itc'o,!he oit;"D appears to pay little regard
-,.a,rress the mercantile part of hie
%,7.111, e 'atiller by the embargo, it may soon
whether the mode of
000 question
Ctlent,should not be changed to one more
t°lltery and less hurtful to ourselves. The
Etrntiees, it will be seen, took the oppor-
4eiNarrotcled them by the secrecy in which
ietkr,slll::
fttleignoitsitaetriso.ns are necessarily shrouded, to
Foreign affairs is always the
tti)lit'ttagroutid on which a weak opposition take
,etia,ie necessity
t'Lld ; but in this instance the people see too
of bringing the Dutchman. to
4 es, to be led away by the sophistries of
till IN
D,4(41„4,111) VYVYAN and his clique, although
plc,ny some inconsiderate friends of the

SPORTING
INTELLIGENCE.
kt
1, '4-ARKET SECOND SPRING
Ar„
.0'11;tt TIN G. —( CONCLUDED.)
the
501.
x'•;--Besides the two horses placed for
the following also started :—Mr. Kirby'.
4.1.1.;11,',1• ; Mr. Bloss's Water Witch, 5 yrs. ; Mr.
,144;h`letraait 4 yrs • Mr. J. Rogers's Whim, 3 yrs. ;
\%l7alll's f. ilium, 3 yrs. ; Mr. Clover's b. f.
; Lord- mLichfield's sister to Terry Alt,
Newton's ch. c. by Emilius, 3 yrs. ; and Mr.
(11 '‘`°, tet,l4: .by Filho, 3 yrs. Betting, 6 to 4ag st.
Joao' horse, 5 to I agst. Whim, and 6 to 1 agst .
stlst by a length cleverly. The first race was won
°,t ‘t Tatne4e by Camarine, ridden by Robinson ; her op-
it Vrils Wa.s quite out of his element over the B.C.
iNt,4t, t;t.tle• ; speed, notwithstanding his roaring,
4,41;4t ,114'd to good account ; is now turned out
the
Ott; 414 brother Incubus was also a roarer, but
"eti NI the dam's side), Tarantella, has not yet
7 disposition to keep up the family failing.
41 at,

CHESTER RACES.
—tger stakes of 25 save., with 50 added by the
Sir 'stand committee. (6 subs.)
Wt. Z,i; stand
La Grace 1
le. n!iee's The Governor '2
k'nfrard's b. c. by Filho 3
At ktGl'Tnis's Newcastle (late Abel)
Not 4 'got's ch. f. by Sultan 5
tl of 25 save. each, for 2-yr-old, three quarters
Itt,., of a mile. (5 subs.)
Lo ,tostyn's Vittoria 1
A 14 berby's Magus 2
t'll C, free handicap of 30 sous. did not fill.
No,lie4 70 BOVS. in specie, the gift f the most
Nfr'e the Marquis of Westminster. (11osubs.)
lit' Nairmy's Belmont, 5 yrs
Sir' hobson's Ossian, 5 yrs 1
I'. Stanley's Lawrie Todd 3 3 dr.
'NE FUNDS.—(THIS DAY.)

kli
11tt,,. pl CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
Vtelis‘ges concerned in the West India trade strongly de.
NC
tch' plan of Government for the emancipation of the
1:1;;'tt-,`I't West Indies. This, indeed, forms the general
mho tte%versation in the City. Upon viewing this scheme,.
'itt',likilt, many obstacles to overcome, and the West India
l'ltt,'''t ~CQ of opinion that it cannot be carried into effect
Nll,-.4t o'-ke material alterations. The next and most im.
kiii)llo.,sideration is what security can the West India
t1),„.,N ',' Merchants give for the loan to them of fifteen
eft4at,' great number of their estates being already under
tat 2t I, Much teared, should this plan be carried into
, Most of the planters and merchants will be ruined.
4 '4kl
Pte,., (Vele s THE FUNDS.
IA the' Q at the price they left off-127% for account,
It • 3' are 871 i.
kkt" the HALF-PAST ONE.
kt,14,,,
.!Ilerai opinion in the City that when the Govern.
'l,ll'tek tliaTr the emancipation of the negroes arrivfesthatst
It ' island will declare itself independent o
i, It t.._
4„'E`c,,,‘Portm
li•olloitillit t.}7, that Austria, France, and England are going
'ilikt,-ti'l 4",e,Y°llllg Oueen of Portugal, and that an agent,
, ~',,,iitii `Qo above three Powers, is to proceed to Don
ir'tii"i ''le, 4 subject.
tnpi.,:il.4,,riti 101 l were looking down in the early part of the
',I to 6.71°11e at 87 s->,,
to I,i for the Account, have since
li . with little doing.
Cpl
tla ct, t t4e Account, 87x7rEE O'CLOCK.
0 CK.
4p.,4 S °SINiz
1. -, tc'ek . - PRICES.—FOUR O'CLOCK.
liet c!.,it, Red;;;;;..... India Stock 028
lit, 7,1t,1tt, ce...., 861 Ditto Bonds 27 pm.
l',e'Z t ...... ...... 1",,,71 South Sea Stock 971
I,‘" C 'lt.p---Q '''' ,„.,.1 Ditto Old Ann.......... 851
it,
441:t...-..e.nt......::: ,45 Ditto New Ann.
Ex. Bills, 10u0/....
Ilk tos to ........ 102 Ditto 5001 4B pm.
Ditto Small
441%.
..)., ...,.........t.1..P. .. ...... 13-16 Bank St. for Acc. 48 pm.
ti, 4860.
............... 181 Consols for Ace ...... • 871
btl..,t•tieo k ........... 17 1-16 India S• for Acc 228
14 .!I,ri, " per ''OREIGN FUNDS.'
1tP1114,5 e cent ...... 9'31 Portuguese, 5 per cent.... 54
thos tkoldseht ......... 85z Ditto,RegScrip ............
tttt,,46Yro., , ............ 65' Prussian, 5 per cent.
,p,4,,,,q),,,,e6rcerzi: "Ilt. 24 Russian Bonds, 5 per cent 1024
ttot:}llB.24
... Per o,r;i. ........... 'III Ditto,,:qetallic
Itttelt, 1' .......................... ;`,l,f Spanish, sper cent iot
17
ki, per 2 .......... 4, Ditto, 1823
—c.
IkZe,l4. Lit.
IQ ..
.. i'ls 1 J-erich 5 per Cent....
....—ri.
—C.
-*inu„.l)er „Int,
...... 26..
Frenchlxcbangepe
--.. 6 1„„•• ........ 3 r Cent.... —r. —c.
't nt .... 33, Dutch, 21 per cent 4511
..... . 15-- Ditto, 5 per cent B4i

COURT OF KING'S BENCH-(THIS DAY).

TRIAL OF MR. BARING WALL, M.P.
THE KING V. WALL, ESQ MP.
The trial of this cause having been fixed for this morn-
ing, the Court was crowded to excess, and the most in-
tense interest was excited. At half-past nine o'clock the
Lord Chief Justice came into Court, when a special jury
was sworn.
Lord Melbourne, Lord Auckland, and the Dean of Sa-
lisbury sat on the Bench, and several other distinguished
public characters, among whom was Lord Morpeth, were
in different parts of the Court.
Mr. CLARKSON appeared for the prosecution ; and Sir
JAMES SCARLETT, Mr. F. POLLOCK, and Mr. C. PHIL-
LIPS for the defendant.
Mr. CLARKSON opened the case. This was an indict-
ment imputing to Charles Baring Wall, Esq., M:P., a
misdemeanor, of a most aggravated nature ; and it re-
quired the most serious attention of the jury. It imputed
to him that he was guilty of one of the basest crimes that
could be conceived. There were three counts in the in-
dictment, two of which charged the defendant with doing
certain acts for the purpose of inducing the prosecutor to
commit an abominable offence, and the third charged
him only with a common assault. The prosecutor was
John Palmer, who, when the offence was charged to have
been committed, was a policeman of the B division, No.
I'2. He was a person of fair fame, a fact which in thi.
case was of the utmost importance. The defendant was a
gentleman of rank, fortune, and fashion, moving in the
highest and best circles of society, and whose character
had, up to the period when the offence was supposed to
have been committed, been perfectly pure. He was from
his station of course able to throw around himself the pro-
tection of the ablest lawyers, and with all the advantages
in his favour it would be for the jury to say whether the
charge was well founded or whether it was founded only
in the prosecutor's base imagination. There were two
things for consideration, one of which must inevitably be
the result; either the defendant was unworthy to hold
that station in society which he had hitherto held, or that
the prosecutor was a base slanderer and calumniator.
There could not by any possibility be any mistake
about that, for the identity of the individual was
beyond all manner of doubt. Therefore the ques-
tion could not be whether the prosecutor was by
any possibility mistaken, but whether he spoke the
truth. One of the most profound sages of the law, in
commenting on this description of offence, said, " It was
a charge easy to be preferred, to be proved with some diffi-
culty, and, if the defendant be ever so innocent, rebutted
with the utmost difficulty." There were, however, some
means by which juries, fortunately for the purposes of
justice, could arrive at the truth, viz., where the party pro-
secuting was of fair fame, and whether the charge was
instantly preferred. The jury, in this case, would find
those points in the affirmative ; there were, however,
some circumstances in the case which would excite a
jealousy of belief, for language was attrilsuted to the de-
fendant which might raise something like a doubt as to its
having been uttered by any human being. The prose-
cutor's demeanour would be of much importance, and
after lie should have undergone all the criticism of his
(Mr. Clarkson's) learned friends, it would he for the jury
to say whether he spoke the truth. The Learned Counsel
then detailed the evidence, as would be proved by the prose-
cutor, and proceeded to say, that if the jury entertained such
a doubt as in charity would lead them to find a verdict only
for the common assault they could do so ; hut in his
(Mr. Clarkson's) opinion, whether be was found guilty of
the two first counts, or of the last count, his character
would be blasted for ever. At the same time, every thing
dear in life to the prosecutor was also at stake as well as
to the defendant. The prosecutor was without profes-
sional assistance excepting what be (Mr. C.) had been able
to afford him,and it was a most painful duty that he felt him-
self called upon to perform. He should feel great pleasure
to;find that the defendant was nos guilty. If they believed
the whole story to be a fabrication, let the consequences
rest upon the prosecutor's own head ; or if there was any
reasonable doubt on the subject, let the defendant have the
full benefit of it; but if they were of opinion that there was
no fabrication, but that the defendant had polluted the
prosecutor's person in the way that would be described, a
special jury of Englishmen, whatever was the rank or
station of the accused, would do their duty—although,
doubtless, a painful one—and return a verdict accordingly.
John Palmer, the prosecutor, was then called in,
sworn, and deposed as follows. On the 28th of February
I was a policeman of the D division, No. 122. At a
quarter to one o'clock that morning I was on duty in
Harley-street, when Mr. 'Wall came up to me.—[The wit-
ness here related a conversation of a most revolting na-
ture, in which the defendant made use of the most horrid
oaths.] With that I was going away, but he caught hold
of my hand, squeezed it, and put a shilling in it. [The
witness here described the nature of the first assault.] I was
confused, and did not know what he meant ; I had scarcely
time to. speak before he put a half-crown into my hand.
He then put his coat aside, and I saw a portion of his
dress unbuttoned.—[He then described the second attack,
which was like the first, of a disgusting nature.] I then
seized him by the collar, and said, with an oath, " Do
you; think lam a or what? You shall go to the
watchhouse." He then said something, but I cannot re-
collect what it was. When I got him to the corner of
Harley-street, he wanted me to let him go, and he put
another shilling into my hand ; he said something about his
character, but I don't recollect what. I said " No, I would
sooner let a gang of burglars go than I would you." He
said," If you leave go of me I will walk quietly." I left go,
and be walked until we got to the middle of Cavendish-
square, when be tried to run away. I caught hold of him
by his collar and cuff, and he then said, "If you will let
me go I will give you anything." I refused. When
we got into Henrietta-street he caught hold of the railings,
but on my threatening to spring my rattle for assistance,
he walked on, and I took him to the watch-house in
Marylebone-lane. Inspector Tull, or Tyrell, took
the charge, but I do not know whether he is here ; the
man on the reserve who was present when the charge was
taken (Frederick Bannister) is here.—(The witness here
produced the money which the defendant had given him.)
I produced this money at the watchhouse. In the morn-
ing I found the defendant in the superintendent's room,
and the defendant was taken before Mr. Hoskins, of
Marylebone office. The evidence and the prisoner's
defence were taken down by Mr. Fell, the clerk, who is
now in the Court.
Cross-examined by Sir JAMES SCARLETT—I have been
about two years in the police. I never was concerned in
any similar subject, nor ever heard of policemen having
made similar charges before. I have heard of one in Hyde-
park a bit ago. I believe the morning in question was a
fine morning, but I cannot say whether it was moon-
light or not. The defendant had not passed me just
before, that I know of. lam not in the habit of saying
"good night" to gentlemen passing me, without they first
speak. Ido not think the defendant was drunk. I did
not take him for a gentleman. I cannot tell any reason
for my stopping and conversing with him ; I merely
staid to hear what lie had to say. I thought him a strange
sort of chap. A policeman named Tomlinson passed us, but
on the opposite side of the way in Harley-street. There
was nobody else in the street that I saw. The witness
was then examined with great minuteness upon the situa-
two of his hands and those of the defendant during the
assaults, and when the money was given ; the first assault
he said, would not have induced him to take the defendant
into custody, because he thought it might have been ac-
cidental, but of the second he could 'not entertain a doubt
The whole of the time they were standing together might
have been five or six or even ten minutes, he could not
precisely tell.
Frederick Bannister, policeman, D. 85, examined by
Mr. CLARKSON—Was the reserved man in the watchhouse
is Marylebone-lane on the morning of the 28th of Fe-
bruary. Recollected Palmer coming to the watchhouse
about one o'clock, or a little before. Did not know the
distance from the watchhouse to the middle of Maryle-
bone-lane—could not judge of it, not being in the habit
of doing duty there.
James Fell examined by Mr. CLARKSON—Is the chief
clerk to the Magistrates of the Marylebone Police Office.
On the 28th of February last, took down the examination
of the prosecutor; after which Mr. Wall was called upon
to answer the charge. Witness also took down what Mr.
Wall stated, which was as follows :—" I confess to having
stopped the witness, and giving him a shilling and half a-.
crown ; the other is all a falsification. I never touched
him, further than putting the shilling into his hand. It
was quite at the lower end of Harley-street that the
conversation took place. It is !rue I gave him
money to let me go, telling him that whether
the charge was substantiated or not, whether it
was a grave or trivial one, it would be sufficient to blastmy character. I was surprised that I had only given him
a shilling to let me go, thinking it was a sovereign. I
walked away, and was much surprised when he came and
took me."
Sir J. SCARLETT submitted whether this was evidence.
The LORD CHIEF-JUSTICE considered it so.
The charge and examination of the prosecutor were
then read, which were precisely the same as the prosecutor
had detailed in Court.
Sir J. SCARLETT then rose to address the Jury on be-
half of the defendant. He never felt more anxiety in
addressing a Jury in the whole course of his life, than he
did at that moment, knowing that if the charge was sub-
stantiated, it would wound the honour, and blast the

prospects, of the highly respectable individual against whom
it was made for life, and whatever might be the
result of the trial, he was sure that his unfortunate friend
would have reason to regret his unfortunate rencontre with
the policeman, but he would venture to say if the case was
treated by the ordinary rules with which jurors generally
considered cases of this kind, and with that impartiality
which generally characterised the proceedings of English
juries, the result would be an acquittal of the abominable
charge that bad been brought against this unfortunate indi-
vidual. The Learned Gentleman who conducted the case
for the prosecution bad stated that he had no per-
sonal feeling in the issue of the case ; and, alluding
to a passage in the works of Lord Hall, he had
also stated that charges of this nature were easily
made, and very difficult to be refuted. No charge
of the nature imputed in the present case was ever made
where the scene was not laid where two persons only
could be present, one of whom was deprived by law of an
opportunity of stating his case, and the other, when such
a charge was made, was pledged and tied down to
bring forward such evidence as would unquestionably
sustain the charge. He prayed the Jury to consider the
means left for the most innocent man to defend himself
against such a charge. He would suppose any friend of
theirs had had the misfortune most unjustly, and
most falsely, to have such a charge made against
him, upon what principle could they expect him to
be defended? There were only two modes, the
thoroughly sifting of the examination of the prose-
cutor in the case, taking care that there was no-
thing in the main story that was improbable—that
all the circumstances taken together had such a proba-
bility as to leave no doubt in the mind of any man that
the witness had spoken nothing but the truth. The
other mode of defence was, that the individual against
whom the charge was made, could and must rest his case
upon his previous character—upon that character which
his friends who had known him hest and longest could
give of him. Those were the only two modes of defence.
With respect to the latter, he would venture to say that
of all men, either in public or private life, no one indivi-
dual could have been selected of whom his friend, from
the earliest period of his life, would think it more impro-
bable that he should use such language as that attributed to
him than Mr. Baring Wall. It would therefore
become necessary for the Jury to judge whether that lan•
gone was not more familiar to the witness than the person
from whom it was represented to come. The Jury would
have to judge whether it was not more natural to suppose
the language was invented by a man with whom it was fami-
liar for his own purposes, and that he now adhered to that
story, knowing that if he was detected, some proceedings of
a most serious nature would be instituted against him. The
Jury would hear from the mouth• of Mr. Well's own
friends, upon their oath, that they did not believe it was
possible for him to use that language which had been attri-
buted to him. He need not tell the Jury who Air. Wall
was—it was sufficient for him to say that he bad moved
in the first society, had received a religious educa-
tion, and, as his friends would state, bad never
been known to utter one word of blasphemy or
sedition. It was therefore impossible for the jury to believe
the story which had been told by the policeman, without
they supposed Mr. Wall was habituated and had bru-
talized himself by his passions. He could conceive a man
who had been accustomed to treat religion with levity, and
who had been successful in a life of immorality, being so
abandoned as to attack a stranger in the middle of the
street, and place at once at the mercy of that stranger his
fortune and his liberty, but he never could believe that a
man brought up and educated in religious habits could all
at once so far forget himself as to make an attack on a
police officer, accompanying that attack with language that
be had never been accustomed to before. The jury were
aware that Mr. Wall was a Member of the House of
Commons ; that House often sat late, and it was not,
therefore, at all surprising that any Member after being long
confined in so heated an atmosphere, should feel anxious to
walk, at the hour stated, for the fresh air; nor was it at
all an improbable thing that a gentleman, if he had been
treated with civility by a policeman, should give him a
shilling ; and it was equally as probable that the person
receiving that shilling might conceive a project to turn
it to his advantage, and for that purpose might
make statements and threats which would alarm a
timid person, and induce them to give more money to get
rid of so disagreeable a business. Mr. Wall admitted
that he had given the prosecutor the shilling and the
half.crown, and expressed his surprise that it was not
more, thinking that he had given a sovereign. A man of
firm nerve, it was true, would resist such a charge to the
last ; but the timid would do any thing rather than be
placed in so disagreeable a dilemma. The Learned
Counsel then proceeded, at some length, to remark
upon the evidence given by the prosecutor, and
t argue upon its extreme improbability. Mr. Wall
did nut deny that money passed between them—
and who would not have done so, placed in such cir-
cumstances? He would have given five sovereigns hail he
had them, in order to escape from such an imputation.
He would put it to the Jury whether, from their
own experience, they did not think that the man,
having received the shilling from Mr. Wall, thought
he might make more money from him—that he might ex-
tract a further stun by frightening him, He begged the
Jury to look at the case as it stood in reality. What
was there in the pretended and absurd remarks about
what regiment he bulonged to ? The policema❑
stated before the Magistrate that the question was,
" What regiment do you belong to?" But to-day,
finding that such an absurdity would not pass with the
Jury, he now mended his evidence, and said the question
was—" What regiment have you belonged to?" That
was a discrepancy to be carefully looked into, and he had
no doubt but that the Jury would not forget it. These
were the remarks which he would submit to the Jury
with confidence, but with great anxiety. He submitted
that there were such discrepancies in the testimony of
the policeman, as would warrant the Jury to return a
verdict of not guilty. But when they heard the
character of the accused, from men of all parties, and
he might say, from all classes, he conceived they would
have no difficulty at all in the case. What were likely
to be the habits of a man who could be guilty of such an
offence? If you hear that he was a man of such pecu-
liarly delicate habits as not to allow his body servant to be
in his dressing-room while engaged in that act, when they
heard that he was a man who had never been heard to
utter an oath or an obscene word, even by his most inti-
mate acquaintances, could they, if all that was proved,
possibly believe that such a man would go into the open
street and commit such an act upon an utter stranger ?
If Mr. Wall, after such a defence, should be convicted, the
character and life of no man would be safe—no man would
the❑ be safe from the attacks of such characters
as that policeman. It would be one of the most odious
and successful means by which character might be utterly
destroyed. When Mr. Wall was taken to the station-
house, what could have been easier than to have denied
every statement made by the policeman He might have
said that the policeman wished to extort money from him
—that he had thrust his hand into Isis pocket and taken
the half crown by force, and that when he (Mr. Wall)
called out, then to screen himself the policeman
took him into custody; what would have been easier than
that? But Mr. Wall was a man,of such strict morality—
had such a regard to truth that he at once told the whole
truth, and at once declared that he had given money in
order to escape. One fact that was strong against the
evidence of the man was, that when Mr. Wall was first
taken into custody, after having given the half crown, he
took out what he conceived to be a sovereign, and put
it into the hand of the policeman ; he was then set at lie
herty, and the policeman looked at the money, when he
found that it was only a shilling ; then it was that he
again laid bands upon Mr. Wall, and took him to the
station house. When all these things were proved, he
trusted that for the safety of their fellow-subjects--for
their own safety, they would at once find a verdict of not
guilty, which he was sure would give them pleasure.
The Rev. Arundel Bouverie was then called and ex-
amined by Air. ADOLPHUS—He had known Mr. B.
Wall upwards of 20 years. Had been at Eaton with him
and afterwards at Oxford, and from that time had been
intimate with him. He believed that he had as high a
character for morality and religion as any man in Eng•
land. His conversation was strictly in accordance with
that character, and he had never heard him make use of a
single blasphemous or law expression.
Dr. Pearson, Dean of Salisbury, had been acquainted
with Mr. Wall upwards of twenty-six years. Mr. Wall
had been a private pupil of his before he went to Eaton.
Knew him there and at Oxford, and afterwards accompa-
nied him abroad on his travels. His conductduring the whole
time he had known him had been most gentlemanly and
uniformly correct. Never heard him, upon any occasion,
use oaths or blasphemous language.
Lord Morpeth said Le had known Mr. Wall for twelve
years, and during that time his conduct bad not only been
correct and gentlemanly, but he always considered him
as being possessed of a most peculiarly decorous and refined
mind.
The above evidence was corroborated in every degree
by -- Smith, Esq. Lords Darnley, Auckland,
Elliot; the Hon. W. Ponsonby, Mr. Gutch, an apothes
cary, Henry Labouchere, Esq. M.P., Messrs. Lascelles,
Calcraft, Sturt, E. Denison, Sloane, Stanley, none of
whom had known him a shorter time than 10 years.
W. Warner had been butler and valet to Mr. Wall for
is years, and bad left him about three. Travelled with

him, and as valet it was his duty to attend the dressing of
his master. Never was at any time permitted to enter the
room when Mr. Wall was undressed. Never heard him
swear or use any indecent language all the time he was
with him. Could not possibly believe that he could make
use of such language as was attributed to him that day.
Edward Farrel succeeded \Varner as butler and valet to
Mr. Wall. Had been such three years and a half. Never
saw any thing in his conduct at all disgusting or obscene,
and never on any occasion heard him swear but once,
when being very much vexed he said " Damn it."
Sir Thomas Baring and Mr. Alexander Baring both
had know❑ him from a child, and he was a most reli-
gious and well-behaved young man.-
Lord Sandon was then called, but Sir JAMES SCAR-
LET", said he would not trespass longer on the patience of
the jury, but would leave his case where it was.
The Jury, after a minute's consultation, said they
would not trouble his Lordship at all, and instantly re-
turned a verdict of Not Guilty, adding, that Mr. Wall
left the Court with a character entirely spotless.
We understand Mr. Wall is in the country, but is now
expected to return instantly to his Parliamentary duties.

WESTMINSTER
ELECTION.-(THIS DAY.)

At half-past one o'clock the Committee of the successful
candidate, Colonel Evans, headed by the Chairman, Colonel
Hodges, and preceded by a band of music, went in procession
from the Crown and Anchor Tavern to the hustings in Covent.
garden.
Shortly afterwards Colonel Evans arrived on the hust-
ings, and was received with loud and continued cheers by
an immense assemblage.
Mr. SMEDLEY, the High Bailiff's assessor, arrived at 2 o'clock,
and addressed the meeting, and declared the result of the elec.
tion as follows :
Col. Evans 4.027 (Cheers.)
Sir J. C. Hobhouse 1,875 (Hisses.)
Mr. Escott 738 (Cheers.)
He consequently declared Lieut.. Col. Evans duly elected to
serve in the present Parliament for the city of Westminster.
He had endeavoured to perform the duties which had de-
volved on him with the strictest impartiality, and to afford
accommodation to all parties, as far as was consistent
with his duty, and he hoped he had not been altogether
unsuccessful.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") If any delay had
taken place at the St. George's, Hanover-square booth,
after the poll was open, he assured them he regretted
it, and that it was not his fault, for he had given
the necessary directions which he was sorry to say had not
been carried into effect. He thanked the candidates and
their agents for the facilities they had afforded during this
arduous struggle, and he also thanked the meeting for their
peaceable conduct, but he entreated of them that on any future
occasion they would not act with such violence towards any
candidate, as they did on the day of nomination.—(Cheers.)
Colonel Evans then addressed the meeting. It now became
his duty to address a few words to them. He had ever held
that it was the very essence of all popular constitutions—
(Mr. Escott at this moment came on the hustings, and was
loudly cheered.) When silence was obtained, the Gallant
Colonel proceeded to say that it was the very essence of all
free constitutions, that the most familiar and unreserved inter-
change of sentiment should take place between the representa-
tive and the constituency.—(Loud cheering.) That was
the opinion of Mr. Canning, a Tory, and in mention-
ing that name now, he owed it to Mr. Canning's
memory to say, that though a Tory, he rendered before his
death a signal piece of service to the country. He quoted that
Tory because at the last election, when he acted upon that sen-
timent, he was stigmatised and abused by the partisans of that
party. He had abstained, however, from doing so at the
early part of this election, merely with the view of preventing
Isis enemies from having the means of again misrepresenting
him. But now, in his present station, he defied their
misrepresentations, and was ready to give satisfaction
to any elector without fear of attack from the partisans
who used those weapons against him.—(Loud cheers.)
The great cause of their assembling to-day, should be respect-
ing the house and window taxes, and until they were relieved
from those odious taxes, he should consider it his bounden duty
to advert to them and repudiate them on every occasion that
was in his power.—(Loud cheers.) He knew not how the
Chancellor of the Exchequer and the other Members who
supported him in his efforts before he came into office
to effect a repeal of those taxes, could lay their
heads on their pillow on Tuesday night, and sup-
pose they were not greatly In debt in point of political
honour.—(Cheers.) It was then declared that it was impossible
to dispense with those taxes without substituting a property tax,
or endangering the public faith, and the resources for paying
the public creditor. That was altogether a fiction, and there
was not the slightest foundation for such a pretence. Reduc-
tion was the proper way by which the house and window tax
should be removed, and in justice to himself he would state,
that during the last year he submitted a motion for a reduction
of 1,800,0001., and he knew that some of the Ministers were of
opinion that that reduction could be accomplished, and that it
was just and well-founded. Yet those very Ministers openly
opposed the motion in the House of Commons.—(Cheers.)
If the Ministers continued the same estimate for the
army and the other large establishments, and refused to reduce
pensions and sinecures, which they had been all their lives elo-
quently contending for, he, for one, would consider that they had
forfeited all claim to the confidence of the country.—(Cheers.)
In speaking of the conduct of their late representative, he could
not be suspected now of having any improper motive, nor did
be wish to use strong language with respect to him, but to speak
of him merely as a statesman, and of Isis conduct and its conse-
quences as a warning to other men in similar high stations.
He should say then that the conduct of their late Representa-
tive was quite indefensible, either as a Minister of the Crown
or as a Representative of the people. Upon his (Sir J. Hob-
house's) own showing, both in print and verbally, if the
motion of Lord Althorp had not been carried, calamities
scarcely to be described would have befallen the country. If
that was his opinion, had he not broken hls faith to the Crown
by not voting for that motion 2—(Hear, hear.) On the other
hand, he had clearly not answered the expectations of the
electors of Westminster.—Continued cheering.) The duty of a
Representative of the people was paramount to that of a servant
of the Crown even when the two duties clashed.—(Hear, hear.)
He would now allude to one or two points in which the public
took great interest. First, there was the tax on knowledge.—
(Hear, hear.) Lord Althorp and others had pursued conduct
equally culpable and equally indefensible with respect to :this
subject, for they had brought forward motions year after year
for the repeal of this very tax, and now refused to give the
people any material relief from its pressure.—(Hear, hear, and
a cry of " What do you think of corn laws 2") lie assured the
elector who referred to the corn laws, that he should not be
wanting to put them upon a more just footing than they now
were.—(Loud cheers.) With respect to triennial Parlia.
ments and the ballot, he sincerely advocated them. He had
been called a " Destructive," but he was one desirous
of supporting ancient institutions in preference to having new
ones, except when there was something radically wrong in the
old. Now triennial Parliaments was an ancient institution of
the country, which should have his warmest support.—
(Cheers.) The ballot he was convinced of the absolute neces-
sity of their having, and he had no doubt that the want of it
had prevented at least 1,000 or 1,500 voters taking the part they
wished in this election.—(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Gentleman
then censured the Government for not having at once passed
the Factory Bill without inquiry. With respect to slavery, he
had only this morning seen in the papers an account of the
Government plan. Upon the cursory view he had taken
of it, there were one or two important points of it in which he
did not think he should be able to concur. Ministers proposed
to advance 15,000,0001. to the sell.styled proprietors of the
slaves, by way of loan.—(Laughter, and cries of " Shame.") The
details of this loan were not stated, but he did not think he
should be able to concur in it, unless he was satisfied of the
security for its repayment, and of the payment of the interest of
that large sum; as it was proposed also that this country
skeu Id pay the expenses of the public establishments of the
We,t Indies—(A laugh)—if such a thing as this was neces-
sary in any of our colonies, the sooner we got rid of them the
better.--(Cheers.) He had now to return his best thanks to
the Tory candidate and to his supporters, for he
had n ver witnessed in any contest more manly, honourable
conduct than those gentlemen had displayed. He appreciated
the motives, recollections, and associations, which had no doubt
honestly actuated many of the opponents of the party of Sir
John Hobhouse, but at the same time, he must say that to the
persons who had directed the operations of that party, he owed
no thanks, and had no obligations to confess.—(Cheers.)
Well knowing that the representation of Westminster was the
brightest garland in the power of the people to bestow, and
fully feeling the splendid honour which they had imposed upon
him, he would endeavour to the very utmost of his power to
show, by his conduct, that he was worthy of his situation. He
hoped his Majesty's Government would take warning by the
present event, and conduct themselves with more propriety,
more consistency, and more faith towards themselves and to
the public than, he was sorry to say, they had for
the last six months.—(Hear.) He had now only to offer
his individual thanks tothe Deputy High Bailiff (Mr. Smedley)
for his excellent and upright conduct throughout the whole of
the contest. He had to request that they would give a fair
hearing to every gentleman, and particularly to the
unsuccessful gentlemen, who might think proper to ad-
dress them, and that the whole of their triumph might be
conducted throughout the day with good order and tranquillity,
and without offence to either party. There was one circum.
stance more he would allude to—namely, with respect
to the proceedings which had lately taken place at
the polling places, and which had been commented upon
in several of the newspapers. He had thought it right
to have the oath administered to each person as he came to
the poll, as 30 or 40 people, representing themselves to be voters,
had appeared to poll for Sir John Hobhouse, and whom it was
discovered were not voters.—(Cheers.)
Mr. WILD then came forward on the part of Sir John Hob-
house, amidst hooting and hissing, and begged the meeting to
listen to him but for a few moments. He was sure the commu-
nication he was going to make would be received with gladness.
He begged, in Sir John Hobhouse's name, to return the electors
his most hearty thanks for the support they had rendered him.
—(Hisses.) There had been a report current that morning,
that owing to certain informalities, it was the intention of Sir
John Hobhouse to avail himself of those informalities, and
to endeavour to displace their present Member ; but he
had now to state, on the part of Sir John Hobhouse,

that it was not his intention, nor the intention of any of his
f:iends, at all to disturb that election which they had now
carried,—(Bravo, bravo!) As he had the misfortune to be in
the minority—(Laughter)—he hoped that that good feeling
which had always existed among the electors of Westminster,
would be restored, and he trusted, now that the election was
finished, they would all go to their respective homes--(Laugh-
ter, and a cry of" 'We have sent Sir John home!")—that the
same good feeling that they had always manifested one towards
another, would be continued, and that they would bury in
eternal oblivion any unpleasant feelings that might have arisen

during the contest.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Escorr then came forward, and was received with
cheers. He entreated them most earnestly that they
would be as quiet as possible, in order that he might be
able to do his duty to them without injuring them_
selves.—(Hear, hear.) They had been engaged in a great
contest for the independence of the first city in England;
those who had been engaged in that contest had had different
views of political and public principles, but he was willing
to give them all credit for entertaining those opinions
in sincerity,", and allow to others the full indulgence
which he claimed for himself.—(Cries of " Hear, hear," and
" Bravo.") He had always stood forward upon public grounds,
and public grounds alone, and it was upon those grounds that
he now entreated their attention, whilst he explained two or
three charges which had been made against him, and which
he knew, if unexplained, must operate prejudicially to his in-
terests and the rights of honest Englishmen.—(Cheers.)
He would first observe, that those charges were in themselves
so very opposite in their nature, that he might content himself
with placing one set of charges against the other, and trusting
to their own manifest contradiction for the best refutation
of their truth. But he would not do that, for he
had no secrets, no concealments, and he would state to them
plainly and fairly what had been said against him, and he
would state to them plainly and fairly what was the answer he
meant to give.—(Cheers.) It had first of all been said to
him, and said by some few friends in whom he placed great
confidence, and whose opinions upon some qustions he re-
spected, that he ought not to have persevered to the
end of this contest, because by so doing he had
carried the election of Colonel Evans.—(Loud cheering.)
If the question with him had been a comparison between the
merits of Sir John Hobhouse and Colonel Evans, then he would
have considered that objection, but Ir. would undoubtedly have
decidedly differed from his friends.—(L)ud cheers.) But
that had never been a question with him; the question with him
had been to stand forward upon his own principles and to give
the electors an opportunity of declaring whom they preferred.
he now came to the next objection that had been made to him,
and made by electors equally worthy and equally respectable,
but with whom he did not have the same acquaintance, and that
objection was that he was forsooth a Tory, and there that he
had no right to come forward and claim their confidence. That
objection had beenl very powerfully stated, and was made use
of yesterday with great success, and with extraordinary talent
and eloquence by a Learned Gentleman, who he wished might
be then present, who had made a long speech after he (Mr. E.)
had concluded yesterday. lie had already told the electors
that there was nothing in a name—it mattered little whether
a man was a Whig, a Tory, a Radical, a Democrat, or a
Monarchy man, as long as he advocated those measures which
were likely to lead to the happiness and prosperity of the
people.—(Loud cheers.) That Learned Gentleman had at-
tacked him , not in direct terms, but by insinuations.
The course he had adopted was, that he first called
him Tory, he then talked of the principles of
Tories in other days, and had said that they were the
oppressors of the people--that they had no common feel-
ing and interest with the people, and without telling him
to his face that he had no common feeling with the people, for
if he had done so he should have contradicted him, he endea.
voured to lead the-, electors to: believe that he: was not
worthy of their confidence. All he (Mr. Escott) wanted
was a specific charge made against him by some honourable
and worthy elector of Westrninster.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
If that man would come forward, be he who he might, and say
what it was he had known against him adverse to the interests
of the people, he would immediately answer him. If there
was any doubt upon that point, the electors of Westminster,
by their fair and candid conduct, had proved to the contrary.
If he had been guilty of airy of those acts which had
been attributed to him, he should never have been shameless
enough to have presented himself at the hustings of Westminster.
Of all the countries in the world England stood proudly pre-
eminent, The inhabitants of every other nation preferred her
next to their own, and he had no hesitation in saying that the
country which was second to all, was the first in the world.
England had long been the chosen cradle of liberty.—
(Hear, hear, and cheering.) It was there that she was
first nourished, and from which she spread to other clime.
It was in this country that he would ever try to maintain her.
If he were asked what form of Government he thought the best
for this country, and most calculated to preserve her liberties,
he wouid say that sire should have a benevolent King upon the
throne, and an honest Parliament to support him.—(Loud
cheering.) He entirely agreed with the statements
that had been made yesterday, that Parliament ought to be
the mirror of the people ; but to be a faithful one, it
must be the mirror of all classes.—(Continued cheering.)
He would not detain them longer than to say what he should
deem it his duty to do on any future vacancy in the represen-
tation of the city of Westminster. If, from what the electors
now knew of him, they should, on any such occasion,
call upon him to stand again as a candidate—(Hear)—
they would find that he would be ready. But in saying this,
he must also state, that it was a matter of surprise to him to
witness the small portion of the whole number of electors who
had recorded their votes on the poll. He had been told, too,
that many voters who had promised him their support, had
been prevented by improper intervention. Was this, he would
ask, redeeming the promise of a reforming Government, that
nothing should take place to impede elections ?—(Cries of
" No, no.") To those who had not shown the alacrity which
they ought to have shown in voting for him, he would
say, that yesterday he was not angry with them,—that today
they had his contempt—that to-morrow he would afford them
his pity, and that the day after Ire hoped most sincerely
he should for ever forget them.—(Loud cheers.) He depre-
cated the conduct of those who had deceived the expectations
they had themselves raised, and the fulfilment of which they
had utterly destroyed. If it was proper that there should be
changes in the Legislature, it was surely as proper there
should be changes in the Legislation.—(Hear, hear.) He
trusted that they would not have to lament their confidence
in those who had given them so many loud promises and pro-
fessions. He did not mean to attribute anything improper to
the Gallant Colonel and his party, but they, like the Whigs,
might disappoint the expectations of the people, who would
then have to fall back upon that party which had always acted
fearlessly, and he believed honestly, for the public good, and
he again begged to thank them most sincerely for their patience
in hearing him throughout.—(Loud cheering.)
Mr. SMEDLEY then came forward, and said that their repre-
sentative had returned thanks, and they had heard the other
candidates; he had nothing now to do but to retire and sign the
return. He therefore declared that the meeting was at an end.
The Gallant Colonel then got into his carriage, which was in
waiting decorated with a profusion of blue ribbons, and drove
off, accompanied by a band of music and a great concourse of
his friends.

SUN OFFICE, Five o'Cloci

A very numerous meeting of the House of Commons
took place this afternoon at the Foreign Office, on the in-
vitation of Lord Althorp, for the purpose of hearing in
greater detail the plan proposed by Ministers for the abo-
lition of slavery in the West India colonies. Between
two and three hundred Members were present, but Mr.
Fowell Buxton did not attend. The plan was explained
at great length, and several Members remarked upon it.
The prevailing feeling appeared to be one of dissatisfac-
tion, the abolitionists thinking it did not go sufficiently
far, and the planters disapproving of any attempt to inter-
fere with the rights over slave labour, which they now
enjoy.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY,
