HOUSE OF COMMONS, SET TEMBER 7.

Colonel EVANS presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of Westminster, complaining of the injury the trade
of this country had sustained, in its commerce with Ger-
many, in consequence of the war carried on by Russia
against the Poles. 'rise petitioners also complained that
there was no accredited person from the British Govern •
went, resident at Warsaw, to protect the interests of Bri-
tish subjects; they also complained of the dreadful effects
of the war which WAS going on, in consequence of the
alarming disease which was communicated by the invading
army. The lien. Member said he was fully aware of the
difficulty of the subject to which the petition rekorred ; he
notwithstanding thought that something might be done to
rescue those brave people from the evils which pressed
upon them, in consequence of the destructive war in which
they were engaged. Negociations had been now carried
an for six or seven months, and he thought it was not
unreasonable to expect that the Government of this
country could make some disclosures relative to the future
prospects of Poland, and the effect of the negociacions to
which he had alluded. He thought if there ever were a
time when the interference of this country was called for
to stop the progress of this calamitous war, it were the
present. As the subject, however, would come before the
House in a more formal manner, he should not at present
trouble the House with any further observations, tearing
that it might be inconvenient to press the subject on the
attention of the House. He would, therefore, move that
the petition be brought up.
Sir F. BURDETT said he had great pleasure in se-
conding the motioa of the Hon. and Gallant Member:
entirely coincided in the feelings of sympathy expressed by
the Hum. Member in favour of the gall int Poles. fle en-
tertained a firm belief and conviction that the Government
of this country felt deeply interested in the affairs of Po-
land.—(Hear, hear.) And he had no hesitation in ex-
pressing his opinion, that this country, in concert with the
military power of France, should in:effete to preserve the
integrity of that unfortunate country'. He thought it was
high time that something should he done by remonstrance
or otherwise. He thought the present moment favour-
able. A reciprocity of feeling had sprung up between this
country and France which •laad never before existed ; tfiev
were no longer jealous of each other's power, and could
now enter upon a more generous rivalship, in remonstrat-
ing against the unjust aggressions of a powerful nation,
which sought to oppress Poland in violation of the treaty
of 1815, which guaranteed the constitutional rights of the
Poles. Pie knew it might he incompatible with the in-
terests of this country to take an active part to reinstate
the just rights of the Poles ; but this he would say, that
no cause more just ever called forth the sympathy of na-
tions. All nations entertained but one opinion on the
merits of this cause : and he thought it was the bounden
duty of this country to see the observance of those treaties
by which they were pledged to secure a Constitution to
Poland: such a course was perfectly consistent with the
law of nations. This was a case which should excite the
sympathy of generous minds ; but politicians were said to
have no bowels, and politicians were not prone to be senti-
mental. It could not be expected that such persons should
act from such motives. But there was in this instance a
motive which in general had some weight with such men.
It was the interest of every country to put an end to this
war, and he sincerely hoped that the subject would be
brought under the consideratio❑ of Parliament. Of this
he was quite certain, that any steps which his Majesty's
Ministers might take to afford relief to the suffering Poles,
would receive the unanimous approval and support of the
country. He felt the warmest sympathy for that people,
and hoped they would be rescued front the fangs of Russia.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that it was from no feeling of
apathy that silence had so long prevailed in that House
upon the cause of the Poles. The despots of Europe
found advocates in other cases—i❑ this they haul none.
There was no voice raiser' in their favour. All nations
were unanimous in reprobating the conduct of Russia
The Press was unanimous on this subject, however it
might act on other occasions. In other cases he could
only account for the manner in which it had been con-
ducted, but by believing that it was bribed. Ail con-
curred in one sentiment of sympathy for the suffering of
the Poles, and an anxious wish for the success of their
cause. The situation of Ministers was an excuse for their
not interfering. The time had, however, now arrived
when all Europe should stand forth to secure the Consti-
tution to Poland which had been given them by treaty.
Mr. M'KINNON presented a petition from William
Greig, a merchant, trading to the Cape of Good Hope,
praying the House that no alteration might take place in
the duty on Cape wines.
• Mr. ROBINSON concurred in the prayer of the petition.

Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the Roman Ca-
tholic freemen of the town of Galway, against that clause
in the Irish Reform II:11 which would alter the elective
rights of freemen in corporations.
After a few words from Messrs. BLACKNEY, O'CON •
NELL, and GRATTAN, the petition was ordered to be printed.
Lord KILLEEN presented a petition from the Roman
Catholic inhabitants of Navan, in the county of Meath,
praying that the yeomanry of Ireland might be disbanded.
After a few words from Mr. O'Crannell, Sir F. Bur-
dett, Mr. Grattan, Mr. Blackney, Mr. Shaw, and Lord
Killeen, the petition was received, and ordered to be printed.
Lord KILLEEN presented a petition front the bakers
of the town of Navan, with respect to regulating their
hours of work.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition against negro
slavery, from Killarney.
Mr. O'CONNELL then presented a petition from
Southwark, in favour of the Beer Bill.
The HoN. MEMBER. then presented a petition from
Raheen, praying that Catholics might not be compelled to
support the Protestant Clergy ; from a parish in Dublin.
against the Kildare-street Society ; and from a parish in
the Queen's County against the Union.
The Hort. 111 EMBER then moved for copies of the
account and vouchers of Sir G. Hill, during the time he
acted as Vice-Treasurer of Ireland, with copies of all
Treasury proceedings rel;ting thereto, and relating to the
grant or the pension to Lady Hill. The motion was agreed to.
Sir F. BURDETT in esen'ed a petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Martin's-in-the-fields, praying for redress
against the malversation of the Select Vestry of that parish.
his
religions
HUNT presented a petition signed by several
loindr(d respectable tradesmen of London, praying that
the persecution against Mr. Robert 'Taylor for preaching
opinions might not be persevered in.
Mr. LABOUCHERE presented a petition front certain
owners of omnibuses, praying that they might be put on
the footing of hackney-coaches, and not be subject to mile
duty like stages.
Mr. S. RICE said, that the petitioners would have ample
concessions made to them in the new Ha. kney-coach Act.
After a few words from Lord A LTHORP, which were
totally Mandible in the gallery, the House resolved itself
into a Committee of the whole House upon

THE REFORM BILL.

Lord ALTHORP moved the clause which enacted that
