ARRIVALS.

The Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury, in Burlington-street,
from Hatfield ; the Rev. Archdeacon Prosser and family, at
their house in Bruton-street, Berkeley-square, from Easington,
Durham ; Captain and Mrs. Holmes, In St. James's-place, from
the Netherlands ; Mr. and Mrs. Manning, in Charles-street,
Berkeley-square, from Brighton ; Captain Hardy, KN., at
Morley's Hotel, Cocksour-strect, front ( heltenham; Green,
Esq. at ditto, from Bristol; Messrs. Hunter, at ditto, front
Chatham ; J. Calvert, Esq. M.P. in Old Bond—street, from his
seat, Albury Hall, netts; Colonel Leigh, in Pall-mall, from
the lonian Islands ; Edward Grimes, Esq. at Kirkham's Hotel,
Lower Brook-street, from a tour ; William Steyne, Eaq. at
ditto, from Cheltenham ; William Toms, Esq. at ditto, from
ditto ; the Countess of Blessington, at Fenton's Hotel, St.
.lames's-street, from Brighton ; General Crosbio, at ditto, from
ditto ; the Mayor of Liverpool, at ditto ; John and Thomas Fos.
ter, Esqrs., at ditto, from ditto; H. Littledale, Esq. at ditto,
from ditto; Thomas Case, Esq. at ditto, from ditto; Lord Dun.
cannon, at ditto, from Brighton; the Marquis and Marchioness
of Londonderry, at Holderness House, from Wyflyard Park,
Durham ; Colonel Wildman, at Mivart's Hotel, Lower Brook
and Davies-streets' from Newstead Abbey; Mt. and Mrs. Knox
and family, at ditto, from Brighton; Johu Payne, Esq. and fa-
mily, at ditto, from ditto.

DEPA RTC RES.
Lady and Miss Hamilton, for Bath ; Colonel and Mrs. Col-
ville, for Dublin ; Sir Gregory Way, Bart., from Kirkham's
Hotel, Lower Brook-street, for -Brighton ; J. Bayles, Esq., from
ditto, for his seat, in Gloucestershire ; J. Cummings, Esq., ':rom
ditto, for Trent Park ; the Roy. Mr. Boscawen, from St. James's-
square, for Wotton Rectory, Surrey ; Mr. and Mrs. Stewart,
from Grosvenor-street, for Bath ; J. B. Parkinson, Esq., from
Regent-street, for Brighton.

THE RECORD FOR THE NATIONS.

BY EDMUND HEADE, ESQ.,
•lIT/10ft OF AIY, TRH WANDEREIT," lIBTOLT OF THE AN(ELS.'

O for a pyramid whose height were Heaven!
Where never mist, nor cloud might intervene,
The ray that there should settled da ell, serene,
Tranquil, and tlx'd ; such radiance as is given
To Andes' brow while sleeps the twilight there,
When men look upwards through the fields of air
From their dim earth, and see with doubtful sight,
Standing between the ancient Day and Night,
The shapeless Giant in his Clouds I There I
Would trace in starry characters for all
To read, like that hand-writing on the wall,
And feel within their heart of hearts' reply
To the great truths recorded there on high.
" Ye are all Brethren, of whatever shade,
" Or clime or station ; whether ye degrade
" Yourselves to passions or brute slavery,
" Great Nature made ye equal ; it is ye
" Have prostrated yourselves, and lord, and slave,
" Are words that brand your ignoranoe, and show
" That ye are yet in infancy—for oh I
" Will ye not share the gift the Eternal gave,
" Which ye the stronger have preserv'd and won ?
" Will ye go on thus ever ? and behold
" Your brethren portion'd out like sheep, and sold
" And slaughter'd by the impotence of one
" Wake from your sloth and feel this truth sublime,

" The voice of reason echoed back by time
" All warring interests of states will cease,
" All petty rivalships be hush'd in peace :
" All private piques of harlots and of kings,
" Unknown, or talk'd of as forgotten things;
" And arts, and arms, and mutual interchange,

.‘ Be free and boundless as the ocean's range,
.‘ When the broad charter of the freeman's right

" Is rais'd, RNLI read by every common sight;
" And appcal'd to for safety by the oppress'd,
" When ye in concord job) and are at rest :
" Like patted Brethren meet, and with clasp'd hands—Unite!"

THE ARMY.

MONTHLY MILITARY OBITUARY.

LIEUT.-GENIZRALS—Bright, R. Mar. at Clifton; Buchanan,
late R. Irish Art.; Seward, R. Art. Cheltenham.
Lieut.. Colonel Syrepher, h. p. her. Leg. Hanover.
CAPTAINS—DougIas, 0•:.? F.; Eastwood. 37 F.; Leith, 49 F.
Berhampore ; Shepheard, h. p. 3 F. Cheltenham; 'Warren, h. p.
Uuatt ; Radenhurst, h. p. Canadian Fenc.

_
LIEUTENANTS —Sargeaunt, 13 1)r. at Dinapore, Madras;
Chambre, 13 F. ditto, ditto; Booth, 31 F. on board the Eliza,
pilot vessel, off Saugor, Bengal ; Cotter, h. p. 21 Dr. ; Campbell,
Is. p. 43 F. drowned in Loch Tarbert.
Ensign Wright, late 6 R. Vet. 8111. at Forres.
Paymaster M'Leod, h. p. 2 i F.
QUARTER-MASTUR4—Lowrey, h. p. Berwick Fen. Cay. ;
Hughes, h. p. Oxford Fen. Cay.; Mountford, b. p. Princess of
Wales's Fen. Cay.
Apothecary 'Leyland, Barbadoes.

THE NIARKETS.--(THIS DAY.)
