the battle.of Waterloo, and the military possession Aiding painful or incurable wounds. He, there-
of France, they rallied and combined in-common lore, to use his own words, held his legal dogs in
cause, to maintain elch other against any ! lrash—he allowed the lightnings of public censure
lar and future danger. And in this alliance, ito flash arround him unnoticed, and neither Sit
Louis, now avowedly, and George secretly but • James &mica, Mr. Gurney, Mr. Brougham,
solidly, were of the contracting parties ; and there nor any one else, ever received a fee
can be no doubt that the Allies are bound .by i from him to prosecute in the name of the Crown.
Treaty to aid England viith their armies, should lor the Government. But • how differently con-
insurrection take place among her people. The strueted is the mind of the 'Duke of Welling-
coquetry that is now playing off between her ton. Mr. Canning was a civilian and a publicist.
people and her allies is perfectly understood' by He was a lover of liberty and literature, because"
the latter, and accordingly gives no apprehen- he owed his fame and his rank to the privilegei,
sions to France, to whom it is ail explained. which the former conferred, and the talentswluch
The diplomatic correspondence she is now tlis- the latter engendered. The Duke of Welling-
playinff-•--these doable papers, fabricated merely ton is a soldier, and his ideas of free discussion
for exhibition, in which she makes herself talk and constitutional freedom arc bounded by the

of morals and principles) as if her qualms of I
conscience would not permit her to go all
lengths with her Holy Allies, are all to gull
her own people. - It is a theatrical farce, in
which the five Powers arc the actors—Eng-
land the Tartuffe, and her people the
dupes. Playing thus Bo dextrously into each
other's hands, otul their own persons seeming
secured, they are now looking to their privileged
orders. 'rinse faithful auxiliaries, or aecom-
plites., must be saved. • This war is evidently
that, of the general body of the Aristocracy, in
which England is also acting her part. Sure
'out the Nobles, and there shall be no war, says
she, masking her measures at the same time under
the form of friendship and moderation, and hypo-
critically, n hilea party offering herselfas a judge,
to betray those whom she is not permitted openly
to oppose.”—Morning Chronicle.
The Morning Chronicle and the Examiner
seem extremely perplexed to discoVer the real
reasons for . the. present arbitrary proceedings
against the Press. The former is naturally jea-
• lona or the honour, the professions, and the a;-
atoned lillerality of the Whigs., and, while it ad-
that the Attorney-General, Searlat, belongs
mid has ever belonged, to this sensitive class of
politicians, it would willingly extricate the body
from so disgraceful tut imputation, and make
the vindictive lawyox the scapc-goat of his party.
The object is a benevolent one, and the argu-
ment, to say the least of it, is plausible, for the
admissions and professions of Sir James Scarlett
himself are in pccordance with the conclusions

of the Chronicle. The learned lawyer has
Crankly confessed, and in a tone as bitter and
satanic as are his opinions, that he is one of those

military code. His liberality is passive obe-
dience, and his text-book the articles of war.
But, besides this, he has committed an error,
and is conscious that he merits censure. He
has " broken in upon the Constitution, be-
trayed his own professed principles, deserted the
opinions of his whole life, discarded the men to
whom he is indebted for his rank, his pensions,
and his renown, and therefore the small still
monitor within speaks daggers to his wounded
spirit, his rankling pride, and the now fiercely-
opposed aspirations of his ambition. He knows
:hat he stands in no very ftivourable light in the
estima!ion of his Sovereign—that he is sus-
pected by the very highest personages in the
kingdom—that his Government has been a dis-
astrous one—that all his measures have proved
unsuceeesful—that his friends are disappointed,
and the people at large impoverished, discOn-
tented, end unhappy. He rises in the morning
to read letters of remonstrance and reproach, and
he retires to bed at night to dream of perfidy,
and wrestle with the spectres of wretched and
starting men.. He sees the machinery of the
state crumbling to pieces in his lands. lie sees
the vessel which, in a mad hour, he attempted
to steer, already on the breakers. He sees a
declining revenue, an exhausted exchequer, a
murmuring population, taxes that arc unproduc-
tive, and' threats to reduce even these ; and
when ha turns round to solace himself in the
efforts and wisdom of his colleagues he finds that
Mr. Peel can 'render no assistance—that Mr.
Goulburn can devise no cure—that the concele
;.ons of Sir George Murray arc limited to a bag,

who think that the Press of this country has, for
the last ten years, ei;joycd too much liberty. He
considers that it requires some wholesome cor-
rettionss-that public writers should he restrained
In their animadversions—that liberty shou'd
kihiria in awe of the King's Attorney-Ge
'neral, and public opinion be strained through
the sieve of an information ex-officio.—
Thm are the solemnly-declared opinions
of Sir James Scarlett ; anti, r hen we
consider that the learned Knight is a Whig, and
moreover a tetutious and subtle lawyer, we may
take for grented that his words are intended to
express but a tithe of his intentions. •Having
rtnifessed thus much, and we listen to the eon-
rcusion with equal indignation and disgust, we
may rest assured he means much more. By
wholesome correction he means arbitrary re-
straints By circumscribing public censures
within the bounds of moderation he means •
eswinething akin to the manacle, the slave chain,
the cart whip, and the burning brand—he means
silence—he means slavery, and the prostitution
of public opinion to the dictates of an imperious
Minister, and a cool-blooded and heartless
t tensor. It is his opinion that it is criminal
to animadvert severely on the measures of the
Administration— thet it is criminal to laugh
at the follies or blunders of public; m en—
that it is criminal to condemn "inconsistency,
and seditious to bring a bad, a cruel, or
an oppressive measure into contempt Such
vre the speculations of our contemporary of
the Chramcle with regard to the personal eon-
dttot of Sir James Scarlett in these proceedings.
The, Examiner takes a different view of the
subject. • It, with equal freedom, reprehends
the sentiments of Sir James Scarlett. It sub-
scribes to the general opinion that he is an enemy
of the liberty of the Press:; but it dives deeper
into the mystery, and, with more shrewdness,
considers Sir James as a mere tool, or, in hi,
own more classic language, the mere cart tulip in
the hands of others. It conceives the Attorney
to be nothing else than the driver of his master
—the instrument of the Duke of Wellington ;
for, says our Suni.ay contemporary, Sir James
Scarlett instituted no such prosecutions during
the Administration of Mr. Canning. • He filled
the same, office under that Minister which he at
present holds under the greatest and most re-
morseless enemy of the Attorney-General's for-
mer patron. The Press in the days of Canning,
indulged in invectives equally severe, if. not more
severe, than any that have appeared against the
present Premier. lie was assailed in the most viru-
lent and malignant manner by the Dawsone, the
Peels, the Letlibridges, and the Bankeses of that
period. Ile was invidiously and ungenerously op-
posed by the Duke of Wellington himself; and
slandered in the most shameless and atrocious man-
ner by those apoetate and unprincipled subal-
terns whom. he has retained in pay. If the
Standard would only publish a few of the let-
ters it received from these men .against the un-
fortunate Air. Canning we should see the nature
of those scurrilous attacks under which he
writhed, which Sir James Scarlett did not pro-
secute, • but which, nevertheless emanated from
the malignant feelings, and are in the hand-
writing of the very individuals, we had almost
:ell(' wretches, whom he now serves. The Exa-
miner, therefore, naturally argues that Sir James
is not the originator of the present prosecutions..
It cannot reconcile his. past -yids his present
conduct, and it naturally concludes that the
Duke of Wellington has delegated to him
powers which Mr. Canning disdained to employ.
This theory is perfectly reconcileable to the
truth without in the slightest degree exonerating
- Sir James Scarlett from the shame or the guilt
of being a willing instrument in such merci-
less hands. But the fact is this, the real author
i.; the Duke of Wellington ; and the reasons for
the crusade are contained in a nutshell. We
shall state these reasons as briefly as we can.
Whatever may have been the errors of Mr. Can-
ning he strictly adhered to his principles, and not
even malice itself can charge him with incon-
sistency., lie had his faults we admit—he was
a statesman of flashy and superficial views—the
martyr of popular opinions, of liberal id t-', and
oratorical ilium. He had the vanity to t, elk he
could silence Parliament, and dictate to Europe,
by a speech delivered on the floor of the House
of Commons. But he, nevertheless, loved the
Press, and stood in awe of the Press. He
knew he could -not crush it, and he was wise
enough not to make the• attempt. His private
character was a shield against its invectives, and
..hiss sentiments were too well.. known and re-
peatedly enough expressed to prevent it from in-

goge-waggon—that Mr. Vesey Fitzgerald does no►
know the difference between a bale of silk and a
bushel of potatoes—th:4 Mr. Courtenay's mind is

a sheet of white paper—and that the rest arc
either old drones whom he laughs at or
shabby tools whom he despises. In one word,
the Duke of Wellington perceives, that like
Cardinal Wolsey, a greater man, and a brighter
genius, he has got e "beyond his depth." He
perceives that ruin and disgrace arc before him—
that his Ministry already totters—that the voice
of the nation is against him, and consequently,
like all other vindictive and disappointed spirits,
he is resolved to fall with his system, entangle
more intricately the web he cannot unravel, and
punish while his power lasts all those who have
dared to oppose him, or have had the audacity to
condemn his measures or censure his apostacy.
In this illustrious but now fallen man's conduct,
his irascible disposition, and calamitous policy, is
the mystery of the present state prosecutions.—
His life, his character, his blighted hopes, show
the spirit that breathes and the anger that burns.
Sir James Searletes opinions are but the reflec-
tion of the Premier's views and intentions.—
His empty denunciations against the Press are
but the echo of his master's.sentiments; and our
only consolation is, that such denunciations
manifest weakness, and denote a speedy end to
the Wellington Administration. Morn. Jour.
At a time when the character of the Duke of
Wellington was assailed by the bitter reproaches
and malicious *sarcasms of. those writers who arc
now among the foremost of his flatterers, we
recalled to the public mind the great and splendid
services which he had rendered to the country in
her crisis of extreme peril ; when her fate might
be said to be weighed in .the balance, and she
struggled, not for glory, but existence. We
knew that the country had been, in the evening of
his life, ungrateful to a wart ior who most resembled
the conqueror of Napoleon in his genius and
his achievements, and we did not wish to see
the repetitition of that scene in modern times.
We tucked upon the fame of the Duke of
Wellington as identified with the proudest and
most brilliant recollections of England ; a rich
and precious possession of his country, which,
if undervalued by the present generation, would
be sure to be vindicated by the pen of history,
which, in restoring his fame to its proper eleva-
tion, would be sure to cast merited obloquy on
the people who could take pleasure in its de-
struction. We then gave the Duke credit for
the apparent magnanimity he displayed in not
seeming to notice the taunts and calumnies
with which certain Daily Papers, at the time
when he went out of (Ace with Lord Eldon
and others, abounded. We did not then
dream that • any -consequences arising out of
his reinstatement in power would ever cause
us to retract our opinion as to the magnanimity
of his disposition. We never could have anti-
cipated the arrival of the day when lie was to
wield the vast power w hich the State confers
upon a Prime Minister in this country to crush
the Editor of a newspaper, and, through him,
strike at the Very root of free discussion tia Eng-
land. We are sorry' that one for whose talents
and public services we entertained so high an
admiration should ever have been betrayed into
such an exhibition of moral infirmity of cha-
racter, where more than ordinary greatness of
mind was to have been expected. We alluded,
the other day, in commenting upon the ay-officio
informations, to the circumstance of Frederick
the Great of Prussia, when his attention was
directed to a libel on himself, which was placed
rather high upon hi; palace-gate, haring ordered
it to be placed lower, that it might be the more
easily read by his subjects. We observed that
the libel soon passed into oblivion, but that the
moral dignity of the action will never be forgotten.
History records the latter among the examples that
ought to instruct kings and statesmen, but what the
former was no memorial remains to inform us. We
have also alluded to the name of Marlborough
before, as conveying a lesson that ought to be
written in those records, more worthy of being
perused and remembered by Statesmen than the
books in which the precedents of es-officio in-
formations arc to be found ; that name brings us
back to the period which, in allusion to the in-
tellectual dignity of the Press, Sir James Scar 7
lett -called the " glorious days of English litera-
ture." We still are prepared to show that there
never was a time when fiercer and more Malig-
nant party libels were published-than that " glo-
rious era" to which the Whig Attorney-General
so unhappily—we will not say so ignorantly—
;
alluded. When Sir James Scatlett was so nice
and so unsparing in criticising the literary or
.historical mistakes of another, he ought to have
taken csoevial care to have been betrayed into

no • error himself. Among the distinguished into a state of the utmost agitation and
persons who were grossly and perseveringly S dismay in anticipation of a twenty years'
libelled in the " glorious days" of Queen war, and the doubling, at least, of the national
Anne, was the Duke of Marlborough, -the debt, on the appearance of the least symptom of
man who shed • more lustre upon than reign coolness or alienation between the French and
than any other that graces its annals. There English Governments, now in an agony of
was no name of scandal and detraction that alarm for public liberty all over the world, be-
could be applied to a great man which was not cause the Duke of Wellington and the Prince
heaped on him ; nor was he attacked only by de Poliguac maintain a perfectly good under-
obscure and contemptible scribblers,whose genius standing with each other. Cabinet Unions and
was too blunt to wound, and whose writings were Cabinet Distinions equally afford these potent
too dull to sting—men of education and talent, magicians the means to conjure up phantoms of
instigated by political motives and party feelings, terror ; or if there be any difference between the
pointed at his reputation their arrows of wit, two, it is only that the existing position and:re-
and irony, and sarcasm ; but he was cased in lations of Cabinets, whatever these may happen
the armour of a proud mind—he was conscious to be, are invariably the most favourable of. all
of the invulnerable dignity of virtue, and the possible positions or relations, to the success of
shafts of malice fell harmless at his feet. In their gloamy incantations. .It can excite no
speaking on this subject Burnet - says, " many surprise that the remarkable and ominous coin-
virulent writers threw out in many defamatory eidetic:es which have lately been presented by the
libels a great deal of their malice against the • conduct of the French and English Govern
Duke of Marlborough. They compared him to metes, should have given rise to the most serious
Cataline, to Crassus, and to Antony, and studied apprehensions in the minds of persons so execs-
to represent him as a robber of the nation and as sively prone to alarm as those we have just de-
a public enemy." Certainly there is no dark scribed. The British Government has recently
and dangerous quality which a public man can • prosecuted certain individuals for abusing the
possess that is not impli'ed in the application to liberty of the Press; and the French Govern-
him of tire name of Ca;aline. This includes merit -has, nearly at the same time, done the
moral and political profligacy of the highest na- same thing. Can airy thing more truly alarming
ture—desperate intentions—treason to the State be imagined ? This, however, is not all. There
—and an ambition reckless of airy amount of appears too much reason to believe that coinei-
misery and blood which it might cost the country. deuces equally important will be multiplied be-
But, besides all this, those libellers charged yond all endurable bounds. It is too pro-
against him acts of venality and peen-a liable that the British Parliament, end the
Did he prosecute and answer French Legislature, will be called together
the accusations by having the writers shut nearly at the same period. There is reason
up in prison? He did no such thing. Inquiries to apprehend even that the Session will be
were made which ended in the complete excul- opened in both couNtrie3 by a speech or
pation of his character, and the historian says message from the Sovereign. Nay, one of our
" thus happy does the malice of an enemy some- contemporaries supposes that many of the topics
times prove?' And again—" he bore all with 'to which the Kings of England and France will
si'ence and patience—with an exterior that al- I severally advert, may be the sar;te. Be this,
ways seemed calm and cheerful ; and though he ' however, as it may, there will, no doubt, be co-
prepared a full vindication of himself, yet he incidences enough. Laws will be proposed for
delayed publishing it till the nation should re- the adoption of the French Legislature and the
turn to its senses, and be capable of examining English Parliament at the same time. The
those circumstances in a more impartial manner." French Minister will produce a Budget, and the
, This was the conduct of a truly great man : he 1 English Minister will produce a Budget. Cri-
, would not be accessary to throwing a doubt minals in Paris and in London will be sent to
on his own innocence by admitting that it re- prison, to trial, and to execution, simultaneously.
quired the vindication of penal law—he awaited On the same day the Duke of Wellington soil
a better vindication from the force of truth and Prince Polignac will each sign various official
the retributive justice of history. He received papers. On one and tke same day the French
it. We quote this instance of a genuine tri- and English Ministers will, we fear, rise, break-
umph over libel for the Duke of Wellington. fast, dine, sup, and go to bed. After coinci-
History is not an " old almanaelt." to those who dences so numerous and striking as these, will it
, pet use It with the spirit that they ought—a great be possible any longer to doubt the existence of
authority has given it a better definition : " His- k a conspiracy dangerous to the rights, liberties,
tory," says Lord Bolingbroke, " is philosophy and welfare of nations ?—Morning Post.
teaching by example."—Morning Herald. THE PRPSECUTIONS.—The noble example

Notwithstanding what may be said or thought
:o the contrary, on either side of the water, we
iave no doubt that the fact of the meeting of the

of integrity and wisdom which has recently been
furnished by the French Judges, in the acquit-
tal of the Editor of the Journal des Debats,

French Chambers being fixed to take place after
that of the British Parliament, has been deter-
mined upon to enable the Prince Polignac's
Administration to avail itself of a previous
knowledge of our—King's Speech, and of the
views of the Duke of Wellington's Government,
that there may appear nothing like collision be-
tween two Statesmen supposed to be so inti-
mately allied as the Prince and the Duke. To
this we are aware it may be answered, that this
very intimacy itself would enable the two Go-
vernments to come to an interchange of views,
and even of King's Speeches, without waiting
for the publicity of the latter document either on
the one side or the other. But besides the well
known facts, that the King's Speech on the
opening of Parliament in this country, is seldotii
finally settled till up to the last moment, such a
complete identity of views as a simultaneous
operation of the kind would evince, might not
be qui.° palatable to such of the people, either
in France or England, as look with some pride
to national independence, and with comparative
feelings of humiliation, to the idea of the Go-
vernments on either side being Maier the con-
trout or influence of the other. Nor arc we at
all ashamed to admit that we arc among the
number of those who look with jealousy, nbt to
say with some degree of alarm, at the new species
of diplomacy which, in the shape of Cabinet
Unions, are growing up among modern States.
Formerly the connections between foreign
countries were defined and made known 5y
treaties. The Holy Alliance introduced a dif-
ferent species of national union, and one alike
inimical to public liberty and improvement. But
even that had precise limits and defined objects.
Not so this new species of Cabinet Union, in
which measures may be concocted more-inimical
to public freedom than any which an Open con-
federacy could produce. We say way be con-
cocted ; for we would not appear to impute de-
signs where we only mean to sliOw
Nor would we, on the other hand, appear to
wish to keep alive that rivalry, distrust, and
hatred among Governments which have been
produe;ive of most of these calamities of war
with which Europe especially has been inundated.
The object of all Governments should be the
general welfare of the communities over which
they preside. Unfortunately there is not only
a tendency in all human institutions to deteri-
orate ; but in political institutions in particular a
striking and universal tendency to sacrifice the
interests of the many to the ambition of the few,
as well as to introduce restraints upon public
freedom. 'These latter tendencies ought to be
carefully watched. The flame of true 'freedom
(we speak of it not in any theoretical or fliiniful
sense) ought to be guarded with as vigilant and
holy attention as the sacred fire that burned in-
extinguishably on the altars of the ancient Vesta.
The existence and the maintenance of national
liberty, must ever mainly depend upon the virtue
of those who would enjoy it; and :past. of that
virtue cannot be more undeniably-;proved and
exhibited, than in a constant watchfulness over
those encroachments which not unfrevently
proceed from the quarter on which reliance for
its protection has too implicitly seen
Ibid.

must surely suggest the question whether the
boasted institution of Juries is indeed so pre-
eminently excellent a bulwark for the protection
of liberty, and the means of liberty, as Eng-
lish Men have delighted to believe. Responsi-
bility to public opinion is the grand moving and
regulating principle of duty, and by Juries
responsibility is reduced to the slenderest force.
Between the Judge and the. Jury it falls to the
ground. The public dissatisfaction cannot fix
upon the author of an evil decision. It knows
not what share to allot to the charge of the
Judge, and what to the stupidity, servility, or
indifference of the Jury. If the fault should,
however, be obviously with the Jury, the disap-
probation of society expends itself upon the mere
name, and the twelve unknown men leave the
box to bear the brunt of the animadversion.
For .the recent doltish verdicts, what remedy
have we against the wiseacres who returned
them.? Their names are not put to their handy
work'. We want even the poor comfort of their
shame. Of this freedom from individual responsi-
bility to the public, Juries are well aware, while they
too strongly feel the present awe of the Judge's
'eye. If they succumb, and waive the exercise-
of their judgments to his authority, they may
prove the most pernicious scape-goats of a Ma-
gistrate's injustice. The Judge escapes the be-
fitting odium under cover of the Jury's verdict, '
and the twelve recreants escape censure through
their personal obscurity, leaving the empty name
of Jury to answer for their misconduct. Judges,
between whom and public opinion there is not
this balk, must necessarily feel, with infinitely
more strength, the force of responsibility ; and
regard to their characters, and desire of the
world's esteem, will powerfully bear them lop
against the biases sinister to virtue. We sincerely
believe,•that had Lord' Tenterden tried the two
last indictments against the Morning Journal
without a Jury, respect for his reputation for
knowledge and sense would have compelled a
verdict of Not Guilty. His charge against the
defendants was as moderate as could be expected,
but the ductility of the Juries was equal to his
forbearance. Force of persuasion, as of other
things, is proportioned to the resisting power.—
Examiner.

Some of our contemporaries labour under a
vague and unintelligible kind of apprehension,
that the strict amity and perfect concord which
at present happily prevail among the great Eu-
ropean Governments, may by possibility lead to
consequences injurious to the, rights and liber-
ties of their respective subjects. Their melan-
choly forebodings upon the subject present in-
deed one of the most singular examples of inge-
nuity in the art of self-tormenting that has ever
fallen under our observation, pre-eminent as
our country has always been considered in the
number and skill of its professors of this va-
luable art. Materials more unpromising for
the Manufacture of jealousies and fears could
scarcely be imagined, than the subsisting
harmony and friendship among all the consi-
derable Governments of the world.; but there
are no difficulties too great for the power
Of genius to overcome, ami accordingly we
find the same persons who would be throWn

THE EMPEROR NICHOLAS AND HIS
Gus nn.—The following circumstance, which took place
before the illness of the Estexaon, is calculated to.give
rise to the most curious reflections upon the strange mix-
ture of political desp.ltisin anal military independence
which exists in-Russia,. and from which such serious con-
sequences have already arisen. It will -be recollected that
the Estrettom, on his return from Waraw to St. Peters-
burgh, passed by Toulogzin, where the regiments of the
Guards which were in the campai;n of 1828 were can-
toned. The Grand Dukes CONSTANTINE and AllenAvt. •
accompanied the Estrettort,- who, on his arrival at Ton-
loezin, had the intention of reviewing the regiments. By •
a mistake of the Colonel of one of these corps; some dis-
order took place in the execution of the evolutions which
were directed by the Grand Duke Ithenazt„ as General-
in-Chief of the Imperial Guard; the latter, on'pereeiving
the mistake, rode towards the Colonel, and after a slight
repriinand for his awkwardness, he gave him a pull of the
ear, as if by joke. The offiCer, second in command, hav-
ing remaiked this circumstance, and taking it up as a
grave insult to the whole corps in the person of the Colo-
nel, immediately ordered the whole of the regiment to
ground their arms. A scene then took place which
:night hive eompromised the throne of the EAtrEROR,
am! perhaps have affected his life, or that of his brothers.
NtcnikAs; who had been' witness to What bad taken place
along the line of his troops, then approached and ordered
tilt two regiments drawn up in line by the side of that
which had ar,unded _arms, to make it prisoner, in Order
that it might undergo the chastisement which it me-
rited by an act which bore all the symptoms of a
mutiny. lint the • Colonels of those regiments, proud
of the title of pretorians, fir from blindly obeying
this order, as military discipline required, • refused,
humbly representing that they did not believe that
their brave companions in arms ;had rendered. theinseir.ta
' guilty of an offence deserving „of such severe punishment.
The Egritaoa did not know how to act under these difft-
cult circumstances, as a rash resolution might have been at-
tended, with the most disastrous results. Nothing, there-
fore, was Alone, and the _Emeguoit set out for St. Peters-
burgh. The Grand Duke ithclattr, remained at Toulogzin,
and CONSTANTINE, who bad made the mostviolent re-
monstrances, hut whom the EIIVEaOft suspected to have
taken an indirect part in causing the excitement, received
an order to travel for some time in Germany. [The above
in contained in a letter from Warraw, 'dee I Dec. Ll—.
Court Journal.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

PoRTSmoUTn, JAN. 2.—His Majesty's ship
Eepiegle, 16, Commander R.Elliott, arrived onTiotre-
day last from Plymouth, having on board raerely
half a million of dollars, from the Havanna& which
city she left on the 16th November. We regret to
learn by her that the Hornet, American sloop Of
war, with a vast quantity of treasure on board, from
Tampico, bound to the Havanna!), is missing, and it
is feared had foundered. The less will fall almost
wholly on the British merchants. .Large quantities
of silver were coming to the coast from the interior,
end in a few days after the Hornet left, it wae pre-
sumed that three millions of dollars would be ready
to be shipped. The mines in the po;scssion Of
Englishmee had begun to assume a profitable ap-
pearance; all the specie, however, shipped. from
them must not be regarded as profit, as the evendi-
tine of time establishment was paid for by bilis drawn
on the spot on England, the rate of exchange being
favourable to this practice. The Alexis.: in Govern-
ment had commenced emancipating a portion of the
slave population, by giving to the slave owners a
written undertaking to pay the value of the slaves
at some,future period. This measure had created
great dissatisfaction and considerable apprehensions
among the Mexicans, lest the unemployed negroes
should congregate together and commit excesses.
The British squadron had enjoyed, with one or two
exceptions, uninterrupted good health,. which was
attributed' to the persevering activity of Admiral
Fleming, bekeeping his ships at sea. We under-
stand the sirkuess on board the Arachne hard arisen
entirely from =Hera : liar boats had been upset in
a river, and the exposure of the people consequently
had brought on'a diseilse which unfortunately proved
so fatal. The slave trade was carried on with the
most vigorous activity :. no less than six vessels em-
ployed in that inhuman trall-le were refitting. at the
Havannah whilst the Espiegle was lying there. The
Famna, the large sloop we have before noticed, Was
also rafit.ing at the Havanna!' with the greatest ex-
pedition, for the purpose of rem ring to the coast.
It. was said that in her last unsuccessful cruise, she
had lode no less than a thousand people, slaves and
crew collectively : she was so weak in the latter,
that she required assistance before she could get
into port. The Bai-ham was perfectly-refated and
fit for tea, her damages not beitig so extensive as
Were at first apprehended. Sir Jaunts C. Smyth_
arrived at Nassau, in the Blossom, about the 12th.
The Espicele was 12 days in time Channel, during
which the weather was so cold and severe, that 15
of the crew are en the sick list, from (mein; frest-
bitten and with chilblains. The next ship to Eng-
land with treasure will, most probably, be the
Arachne sloop of war. The Espiegle was towed
into harbour on the day of her arrival, to be paid off.
His Mejesty's ship Pro:Tie arrived at Cadiz, from
Cork, 23d November. The Lapwing anived at
Gibraltar, from Falmouth and Cadiz, Ist December.
The Arachne sailed from Havanna!), for Jamaica,
Nov. 11. The Falcon arrived at Mauritius, from a
cruise, 2d Sept. .
The S;.iee cutter arrived on Sunday, from a
c: wise, and sailed again on Wednesday. The High-
flyer cutter arrived from Newhaven on Tuesday.
The Supply naval transport sailed with stores on
Monday, for the Dock-yard at Plymouth.
APPOINTMENTS.—Commander Russell to the
Wolf, vice Captain G.• Hays, promoted; Com-
mander Sir Thomas Pasley, Bart. to the Procris,
vice Captain Charles Paget, promoted ; Commander
Luckcruft (Late First Lieutenant of tier-Blonde) to
the Cameleon, vice Sir Thomas Pasley ; Lieutenant
Martin, to the North Star; Lieut. Xynaston Cor-
bett, to the Ariadne.
His Majesty's ship Worcester, 64. prate WAX yes-
terday se'neight launched from Deptford Dock-
yard. The Worcester is to proceed to Woolwich to
receive her internal and other completions.
Arrived on Monday the Ann, Spencer, from
Quebec, in 42 days ; and the Epaminondas, Lan-
AA from \Vyborg, for Malaga, leaky. Arrived
on Wednesday the Sir Thomas 'Munroe, Gillics,
for Madras and Calcutta, and sailed on Friday.
Sailed the Eeling Grove, Falconer, and the Isabella,
Wildgoose, for Dominica. Arrived to-day the fan.
nibal, Ileberd, from London ; will sail for New
York to-morrow morning. Arrived the Marlbo-
rough, Middleton, from. London, for Jamaica.—
Sailed the Ottowa, Douglas, for London, from
Quebec.
We alluded lately to' the Establishment of a
United Service Museum.. The institution, of which
his Majesty has graciously signified his approbation,
is in progress; Sir Herbert Taylor is appointed the
provisional Chairmen, and Captain Henry Downes,
R.N., acts as Secretary. It is inteaded that the
subscription shall be 10s. per annum for Officers
under the rank of Captains in the Army, reeking as
Captains 155., Field .Officers Generals and
Admirals 40s.
Since our last the weather has been intensely
cold, the severe frost which set in last week having
continued to the present tithe. Every sheet of ice
in this neighbourhood has been daily thronged with
skniters, of • whom several have received serious
hurts and falls; among them, we are sorry to say,
are a son of time Rev. Mr. Tate, and a son of Mr.
Creuse.e--llompshire Tclegtywk.
