THE TAILORS' STRIKE.

The committee of master tailors issued the following cir-
cular from the Thatched-house Tavern on the 23d inst. :

" The committee of master tailors beg to inform the
trade that they have this day received reports from all
quarters of the metropolis of the most gratifying description.
They feel it *o be an imperative duty which they owe to
themselves, the trade, and the public, to strongly impress
on the mind of every Master Tailor the absolute ne-
cessity of requiring every person now in their respective
employment, and every one who may be hereafter re-
ceived into their employment, to sign the following declara-
tion, which hu this day been unanimously agreed to by
this Committee

" We, the undersigned Foremen, Journeymen Tailors,
and others, in the employment of - do declare that
we are not Members of the Trades' Union, that it is not
our intention to become members of any such association,
nor.do we now, or will we in any way, directly or indi-
reedy, contribute towards the support of any such asso-
ciations ; in attestation of which, we hereunto subscribe
our names this - day of -, 1834."
" And this Committee unanimously recommend to the
Trade to afford the utmost protection, kindness, and con-
sideration to those men who have been in their employ-
ment during the strike.
JOHN LESLIE, Chairman."

The importance of this document will be apparent to
every one on perusing the two following rules issued by
the consolidated union, signed E. C. Douglas, 17th May,
1834 :

" The best probable mode for the operatives in towns
to adopt to improve their immediate condition, until the
full and perfect plans of united labour can be carried into
execution, is—
" First. To continue to subscribe a fixed sum weekly,
to form a fund to become the foundation of a general bank
for the working classes, which fund should be sacred and
not applied to any other purpose whatever.
• • • • . 4 •

" Sixth. All the operatives should keep in constant
employment upon the best terms they can obtain, until
such terms can be made by the consolidated union with
the non-producers of wealth and knowledge as shall
liberate all the producing classes from the slavery and de-
gredation in which they have hitherto been and now are."

It is quite evident th-at those journeymen tailors who re-
turn to their work are doing so in consequence of the
failure of the present strike, and by this mandate of the
trades' union to recruit their exhausted resources, and the
better to enable them or some other trade in the union to
strike another blow.

We hope that the master tailors will continue firmly to
require a subscription to the declaration they have so
properly issued, and that the public will continue to sup-
port them.

BREAKWATER for PORTLAND ROADS.

It is highly gratifying to us to observe the progress
which this project is daily making in public estimation,
and the great consideration which is given to it by
men of eminent nautical character and scientific in-
vestigation. The erection of such a structure, ulti-
mately, and perhaps at no distant period, can hardly
be said to appear in a dubitable shape. It is bruited
far and wide through " the tight little Island," and
meets with universal approbation. A contrary result,
indeed, could not well be expected from a nation
whose commerce and freedom depend so much upon
her uncontrollable sovereignty by sea; and we sin-
cerely hope, that all, who are concerned in the affairs
of the great deep, and who love and honour "the land
the live in," will concur in promoting it. At a time
of general tranquillity and prosperity, it more properly
becomes a wise and gallant people to make provision
against the contingencies of war,—as well as to esta-
blish a surer and better foundation for the permanency
of peace and the enjoyment of its blessings.
Upon this subject we have the pleasure this week
to insert the copy of a letter, addressed to Mr. Harvey,
Weymouth, by Sir W. L. G. Thomas, Bart. ; and
when it is remembered that the gallant writer is a
member of the Royal Yacht Club, and not undistin-
guished in nautical matters, and thoroughly acquainted
with all the bearings of this interesting and grand na-
tional project, we are satisfied that a more respectable
authority cannot be cited :

" Weymouth, July 27, 1829.
" Sir —I am exceedingly obliged to you for the
favour olyour valuable remarks respecting the project of a
Breakwater for Portland Roads, and shall feel much plea-
sure in presenting them to the Royal Yacht Club, by
whom lam sure they will be highly approved. In my
opinion, which is founded upon a familiar knowledge of
the locality, such an undertaking is urgently demanded for
the protection and advancement of the naval and mercan-
tile Interests of this country ; and if the importance of the
situation, and all its superior advantages were properly un-
derstood and appreciated, I am persuaded it would be pro-
secuted without the slightest delay. In the mean time,
every well wisher to this national work must feel obliged
to you for your praiseworthy and persevering endeavours
toimpress a due consideration of its utility and importance
upon the public mind; and I sincerely hope that, before
long, it will be commenced.
" I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
" W. L. G. THOMAS.
" To Mr. Harvey, Weymouth.
In addition to the above observations, and in con-
firmation of their value and correctness, we shall now
submit the sentiments of Sir John Sinclair, who, it is
well known, was the first to bring over to this country
the plan of the Cones at Cherbourg, and to rouse the
attention of the British government to that important
undertaking. Sir John declares, that "he has no
doubt either of the policy, or the practicability of
executing the Portland Breakwater," and • remarks
that " perhaps the future safety of the country may de-
pend upon its erection."
It seems, then, undoubted, that a structure of this
kind would rank among the first maritime stations in
the world, be not unworthy of the renown of Old Eng-
land, and render Weymouth more gloriously inviting
for the renewed presence of the royal line.

The Lord High Commissioner arrived at
Holyrood yesterday evening about 6 o'clock, and was
received at the entrance to the palace with military
honours. Shortly afterwards the Lord Provost and
Magistrates waited upon his Grace, and were ushered
into the levee-room, where the Lord Provost congra-
tulated his lordship on his re-appointment to the high
honour of representing his Majesty, and begged re-
spectfully to present the keys of the ancient and loyal
city of Edinburgh, and to assure his grace of the
ready service of the magistrates and citizens. His
lordship then placed the silver keys in Lord Belha-
ven's hands. His grace, in reply, expressed his sa-
tisfaction with the tender now made, and stated that
by command of his Sovereign he returned into the
hands of his lordship the keys of the city, being fully
satisfied that they were in hands to which they might
be instructed'with safety and with honour. The Lord
Provost and magistrates then retired, and were ushered
to the drawing-room, where they were received by his
grace. A considerable number of distinguished per-
sonages were then introduced, amongst whom were
the Earl of Strathmore, Lord Robert tier, the Lord
Justice Clerk, Lords Moncrieff, Gillies, &c., the Lord
Advocate (J. A. Murray, Esq.), the Solicitor-Gene-
ral, Sir John Campbell, Sir Henry Jardine, Rev.
Principal Baird, Mr. Learmouth, General Stuart,
Lieutenant-Colonel Cross, and several other military
officers, &c. The whole party afterwards had the
honour of dining with his Grace.— Caledonian Mer-
cury.

HAMBURG PAPERS.

BORSEN •:1 *, --The inanimate state of our corn
market :ni.l in (-very description of grain the
transactions are tre aiely limited.

From the 10th to the 16th inst. 23 cargoes passed th
Sound.

For England 3
Holland 8
Norway 10
Russia
—23
Rix-dollars.
Wheat, Anhalt, white
--- red 63 to 70
Marks 7O to 75
Mecklenburg
-- Holstein
Lower Elbe 56 to 62
Rye, Upland 52 to 52
-- Mecklenburgh 4B to 51
Holstein
Barley, Anhalt 42 to . 45
-- Mecklenburgh 34 to 30
.-- Lower Elbe 22 to 36
Oats, Mecklenburg 3l to 35
-- Lower Elbe 2l to 27
Malt, Pomeranian 3B to 42
Pease, Upland, yellow 45 to 70
Beans 3B to 48
Tares — to
Rapeseed — to
Ditto Cakes
Linseed ditto B3 to 102
The following table shows the quantity of Grain imported and
exported during the week :
Lasts Imported. Lasts Exported.
Wheat 277
Rye 268
Barley
Oats. 46
Malt 5
Bw-kwheat 0
Pease 1
Beans l3 8
Tares 2
Rapeseed 1
FUNDS.—The market is more animated, and the prices
of many descriptions higher. Business has already been
done in the New Austrian Loan, framed on the plan of the
Polish lottery. The price to-day is 115%.
Discount, 3 per cent. End of May
_._.

A nglo-Daniih Loan, three per cent. 71%
Anglo-Russian 10214
Russian Inscription, 5 per cent., 182) 95%
Ditto, ditto, 1831 954
Ditto, ditto, 1832 954
Certificates 96%
Polish Bonds 1284
Prussian Bonds, 1832
Austrian Bank Shares 1211
Ditto Metalliques lOO%
Ditto 4 per Cent.....
Spanish 3 per Cents.
Spanish Cortes (A. F. Haldimand and tons) 35
'Ditto 4 Eter Cent 53
Dutch 23.2 per Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents. 93
Portuguese Regency 75
The Prussian papers contain a report received from
Constantinople by way of Odessa, that the Viceroy of
Egypt has been assassinated at Cairo. If, however, there
were any truth in the report, it is extremely improbable
that it should not have been known in Vienna on Sunday
last.---Hamburg Reporter, May 23.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex's
party at Kensington Palace, to meet the Duchess of
Kent and Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coburg, com-
prised the Duke and Duchess of Sutherland, Marquis
and Marchioness of Clanricarde, Earls and Countesses
of Lichfield, Durham, and Mulgrave, Lord and Lady
Dinorbin, Mr. and Lady Anne Coke, &c.
THE RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR'S PARTY.
—Prince and Princess Lieven gave a grand dinner at
Ashburnham House on Saturday to his Grace the
Duke of Wellington, the Duchess of Buccleugh,
Earl of Aberdeen, Earl of Westmorland, Earl of
Jersey, Lord Lyndhurst, Countess of Pembroke, Earl
and Countess of Clanwilliam, Lord Lowther, Lord
and Lady Stormont, Count Matuszewic, Lady Her-
bert, Count Pahlen, M. Dedel, Baron Bulow, &c.
The announcement of the close of Madame
Tussaud's interesting exhibition, at the Bazaar,
Gray's Inn-road, has caused it to be extremely well
attended ; so much so as to induce the spirited pro-
prietors to remain another fortnight, which we think
will not be the last, as the public begin to understand
the merits of an exhibition which must be seen to be
appreciated : indeed, it must be acknowledged that,
for young persons in particular, this treat has no equal in
the metropolis, being at once amusing and instructive,

In the bill now before the House of Com-
mons, to regulate the mode of admitting persons to
the freedom of municipal corporations, it is provided
that an open council shall be held for that purpose on
the first and last Tuesday in every month ; and that
from henceforward no greater fee than three shillings,
over and above the expenses of the necessary stamps,
shall be demanded from any freeman by birth, servi-
tude, or marriage, so admitted.

The General Steam Navigation Company's
mail packet, the Attwood, from Rotterdam, arrived off
the Custom-house at 12 o'clock yesterday noon.

The General Steam Navigation Company's
mail packet, the City of Hamburg, from Hamburg,
arrived off the Custom-house at 12 o'clock last night,
having made the passage in the short time of 46 hours.
In the Committee on the Great Western
Railway Bill, on Wednesday, Mr. George Stevenson,
the civil engineer, said, that, by the proposed rail-
way, 10,000 soldiers might be conveyed from London
to Bristol in four hours !

RAILWAYS.—The works of the Greenwich
Railway are proceeding very rapidly at Rotherhithe ;
already fifty-nine piers have been constructed, and se-
veral of them arc nearly ready for the formation of the
arches on which the road is to be made. A meeting
was held a few days ago at Dover for the purpose of
taking the opinion of the inhabitants on the proposed
continuation of the Greenwich Railway, by Gravesend,
Maidstone, and Ashford, to Dover. Mr. Green stated
that the estimated expense of this great undertaking
was about 1,500,0001. The source of revenue might
be estimated .as follows : Thirty-eight stages pass
daily between London and Dover, conveying nearly
520,000 passengers annually ; these at 2d. per mile
each would produce 135,7001. The average number
of persons travelling by post he would take at 30,000 ;
that of visitors to races, fairs, and other public attrac-
tions, about 10,000 ; and casual passengers from one
town to another, throughout the year, on the intended
line of road, might be estimated at 70,000. The
number of passengers going by the steam-boats from
the Thames last year was 400,000. Of these he would
assume 50 or 60,000 might avail themselves of the
projected conveyance, and make the annual receipts,
for passengers only, 230,7001. After several gentle-
men had addressed the meeting, a local committee was
appointed to further the undertaking, considering it
would become a great advantage to the county.—
Greenwich Gazette.

MOORFIELDS TABERNACLE.—The Rev.
Mr. Campbell, who was ejected from the Moorfields
Tabernacle on Sunday last, was yesterday allowed to
resume his place in the pulpit, and preached to a con-
gregation who filled every part of the building. It
lappears that an objection had been taken by Mr.
Campbell to the appointment of a gentleman as
trustee and manager of the chapel, whose opinions
were not in accordance with the opinions of the con-
gregation at the Tabernacle, who are Calvinist fol-
lowers of the late Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Campbell
so'cl he would resign his situation of minister, if the
gentleman above alluded to was elected trustee ; that
threat havinc, been construed by some of the trustees
into an actual resignation, the Rev. Mr. Mulley was
placed in the pulpit on Sunday last in the room of
Mr. Campbell. On Friday last a meeting of some
members of the congregation was held at the Con-
gregational Library, when the correspondence which
had passed between the Rev. Mr. Campbell and the
trustees was read, and after much deliberation upon
the subject, it was resolved " that Mr. Campbell's
letter did not contain a resignation of his pastoral charge,
but merely an announcement of his intention to resign,
unless the grievances of which he complains could be
effectually remedied." A copy of this resolution was
ordered to be transmitted to the managers and trustees
of the Tabernacle and Tottenham-court chapels. It
was also announced by hand-bills that Mr. Campbell
would resume his labours in the Tabernacle yesterday
morning, and in the event of his being prevented from
preaching, he would retire to the Lecture-room in
Providence-row, Finsbury. The chapel was crowded
at a very early hour yesterday morning, and bills were
posted on the outealls, intimating that any person
disturbing the congregation would incur a penalty of
401. Mr. Campbell experienced a slight interruption
when he arrived at the chapel, but he was ultimately
allowed to take his place in the pulpit. A slight buz-
zing was made by some persons when the Rev. Gen-
tleman entered the pulpit, but it was instantly sup-
pressed by the peaceable part of the congregation. So
strong was the feeling in favour of Mr. Campbell, that
one gentleman offered to subscribe 1,000/. towards
building another chapel in which Mr. Campbell should
preach ; and a builder promised to erect a suitable
building, and receive the expense of it by instalments,
if Mr. Campbell should be ejected by the trustees.
To stop hwinorrliage from a leech bite, put
a spoonful of plaster of Paris, in the same state as
when taking a cast, on the bleeding orifice.
