°lt
14 lutr

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, JUNE 3, 1830.

HIS MAJESTY'S HEALTH.

The following is the Bulletin issued this day—
" Wiadsor Castle, June 3.
" The KlNG:was less embarrassed in his respiration yes-
terday, and his MAJESTY has passed a tranquil night.
(Signed) " HENRY HALFORD.
" MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

A Cabinet Council was held at the Foreign-
office this afternoon at three o'clock.

A meeting of the Lords of his Majesty's
Most Hon. Privy Council was held this morn-
ing. The subject before the Council involves
a question of great importance relating to the
Deccan prize-money, and is likely to occupy
several clays. The Lords present were, the
LORD PRESIDENT, Lord ELLENBOROUGH,
the LORD CHANCELLOR, the LORDS CHIEF
JUSTICES of the Courts of King's Bench and
Common Pleas, the MASTER of the ROLLS,
the CHIEF BARON, and Sir CHRISTOPHER
ROBINSON.

The estafette from Paris this morning brings
a considerable depression in the French Three
per Cent. Rentes, which have gone down 14
per cent. to 79f. 45c. for money, and 79f. 80e.
for the account. The Spanish Rentes Per-
petuelles have also receded 3 per cent., and no
sales can be made without a great sacrifice.
The private letters from the above capital are
unfavourable in regard to the present ad-
ministration of France, and it is not supposed
that Prince PoLIGNAC will be able to maintain
his situation. A great amount of billy has been
remitted by the above conveyance by English
houses for sales of Rentes. It is also stated that
the French Funds will experience a further de-
cline, as the French people seem determined that
the reign of PoLIGNAC and his party shall not be
of long duration.

The purposes of the French Expedition
against Algiers begin to develope themselves,
if we may credit the following communication—
and we really see no solid reason for doubting
it. If the French once obtain a footing at
Algiers, they will know how to keep it :

PAAIs, May 16.—An article, dated Naples, in No.
125 of the Allgemeine Zeitung, which speaks of the ex-
pedition against Algiers, has excited a great sensation
here, and has been read with great interest, because it
clearly shews that negociations have taken place between
our Ministers and the Pacha of Egypt, which were broken
off for important political reasons, and are even to be for-
mally denied by the French Cabinet. I have had an
opportunity to investigate this affair, and have had the
good fortune to obtain the document of which your corre-
spondent at Naples speaks, and on which he seems to found
his statement.
The following official letter is said to be addressed by
the French Ambassador at Madrid to the Minister there :
" Sta,—l am authorised by his Majesty's Government
to make to you the following confidential communication :
—Ever since France has opened its communications with
Algiers, it has experiencedinsults, which
Governmentwu
lt,l;italtili
to ul
er
length
aghtsoheprei etis tohfa
h
vio-
lationsaeypwe nooufblfdterance:oib. r
tti es
delayarnhto give proper satisfaction ; it d
The
car-
ried King's its forbearance as far as its dignity would allow, and,
for more than two years, confined its hostilities to the
Algerine ports. This forbearance only
blockade of the brought on
n o
e
D
increased the arrogance of the Dey ; he considered it as a
weakness, was deaf to all remonstrances, and, after Laving
expressed a wish to negociate with the Commander
of our squadron, ordered our ship with the flag of truce
to he fired at ; as M. Labretonaiere, who was on board,
seeing that it was impossible to make an amicable arrange-

ment with such a Government, was on the point of leas•
ing the harbour, his Majesty had therefore no remedy left
but to use the power which Providence has placed in his
hands to maintain the dignity of his Crown, and the in-
terests of his people. But on considering the grounds of
complaint which the Barbary States give to the Christian
Powers, his Majesty has become sensible that the origin of
them is to be sought not in accidental and temporary cir-
cumstances, but in a permanent cause, which continually
tends to the repetition of the same effects, which must be
sought in the very nature of those Governments, in the
principles and habits which are interwoven in their orga-
nisation, and as it seems can no more be separated.
These considerations have led his Majesty to conceive
that a chasti-ement such as Algiers has at different times
experienced from the Christian Powers by means of a naval
expedition, only would lead, as has se often been the case, to
nothing more than an illusory satisfaction, which might soon
be followed by the violation of the engagements entered into,
and new excesses on the part of the Dey. The King,
therefore, gave up the idea of confining himself to a pri-
vate vengeance by a temporary chastisement ; he resolved
finally to destroy Algiers, the chief seat of piracy, and thus
to contribute to free Europe from the inconveniencies to
which it is subjected by the existence of irregular States
which offer no guarantee to other nations. Under these
circumstances he received a proposal from the Viceroy of
Egypt, which was too conformable to 'his own views to be
rejected. Mehemed Ali Pacha offered to effect the destruc-
tion of the Barbary States—to introduce into them a
regular organization adopted to the present state of the
world—to take upon himself the government of them
under the sovereignty of the Porte, and to restore cultivation,
civilization, and commerce in those once rich and flourishing,
but now impoverished and inhospitable countries. The
King was the more inclined to assent to these views of the
Viceroy of Egypt, as the Dey of Tripoli also, by an un-
paralleled series of calumnies and insults, had compelled
the French Consul there to leave his post. But his
Majesty thought it would be more suitable to
reserve •to himself the chastisement of Algiers,
and to leave to the Egyptian forces only the
more easy conquest of the countries nearer to Egypt.
At the same time he offered to Mehemed Ali all the assist-
ance of his naval force against the Regency of Tripoli. The
King has, therefore, approved the proposal of the Viceroy
of Egypt, and authorised his Consul-General at Alexandria
to arrange with the Pacha the nature of the support which
he would want. Meantime the King resolved no longer
to delay acquainting his Allies with these circumstances,
that Mehemed Ali might be encouraged in the pursuit of
his plan by the general wish in its favour which would pro-
bably manifest itself in Europe, all the Powers of which
would be benefited by it. His Majesty thought also that it
would be agreeable to the friendly and confidential rela-
tions which happily subsist between all Christian States to
acquaint them with the objects of the armaments to he
made at Toulon, and of the expedition to be fitted out at
Alexandria. The destruction is to form the basis of the
Convention which is negociating at Alexandria. The
Viceroy engages also to abolish for ever, in the provinces
which he is to govern, the slavery of the Christians, and
guarantees in the most solemn manner the maintenance of
the rights and privileges which foreign nations enjoy on
the African coast, laying it down, in concert with
France, that, with the exception of fully ac-
quired and existing rights, all nations should be
placed on a footing of perfect equality. In conse-
quence of the expedition to be undertaken by him, Europe
shall be for ever freed from the tribute, forced presents, and
pecuniary obligations of every kind to which it is now
bound in its intercourse with the Barbary States. The
Viceroy has positively declared tbat he will take the most
energetic measures to prevent the injuries which the Consuls
and vessels of Christian Powers might be exposed to on
account of this expedition; and that he will make the
States of Tunis and Tripoli responsible for them. Lastly,
he has secured the rights of the Porte, and engages to re-
place under the direct sovereignty of the Porte those
countries which now pay to the Sultan only a wholly
illusory obedience, and to pay him a tribute proportioned
to that which he now pays him for Egypt. This tribute,
according to his own calculation, is likely to be consider-
able enough to defray a part of the military contributions
which the Porte has to pay Russia. According to this
principle the King has consented to listen to the proposals
of the Viceroy of Egypt. The Kiog congratulates himself
en being called upon on this occasion to take on bim the
defence of the interests of all civilised nations. He re-..

juices at uniting the sense of the offences offered to himself
with the idea of the welfare of all nations. In making to
you, Sir, this confidential communication, I do not doubt
of the approbation which the announcement of such a
plan will obtain from all Governments, and especially from
yours ; for if divine Providence favours this expedition,
piracy and Christian slavery will disappear from all the
coasts of the Mediterranean. It will be superfluous to
observe to you, Sir, that if the expedition devoted to the
destruction of piracy will be advantageous to all christen-
dom, your Government will more particularly be bene-
fited by it."

The following are the only extracts word:
giving from the Paris Evening Papers o:
Monday : _

(From the Messager des Chambres.)

" Whatever may he the contempt that M. de Polignac
seems to profess for public opinion, we cannot believe the
news which was spread to-day on Change, viz. that M.
Dudon is appointed to the Ministry of Finance. This re-
port was repeated by every one as impossible, but it was
sufficient to accelerate the fall to which our funds were in-
clined from the commencement of business. The Three
per Cents. have fallen 65c. lower than the last price of
Saturday, and the Five per Cents. 45c.
" The veil which covers the negotiations which took
place with the Pacha of Egypt has not yet been raised, but
we believe that we can assert that a treaty had been con-
cluded at Alexandria, by which the Pacha engaged to de-
stroy the Barbary Regencies, and to maintain order on
that part of the coast of Northern Africa which might be
given up. Respectable people in Egypt pretend to have
seen copies of this act.— Gazette of Augsburgh.
" Very little doubt seems to exist any where of the ex-
istence at least of the draught of such a treaty."
FRZWCII FUNDS.—PARis, MAT 31.—Five per Cents., 101 f.
50e. • Four and a Half per Cents. 104 f. 55e. ; Three per Cents.,
1!•Of. 40e. 80c. 85c. ; • Bank Stock, I,ooof. 1,895 f. 1,900 f. ; Rentes de
Naples, Of Tie. 65c. 60c. 55e. ; Rentes d'PApagne, I 6; Royal
Spanish Loan, 86 ; Rentes Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 77 763 E 77
76% sj %. Exchange on Londen—One month, (paper), 25f. 10c. ;
'Three ninths (paper), 25f. 35e. ; money, 25f. ,Int-
thentivve.

The following are extracts from Brussels and
Dutch Papers received this morning :
BRUSSELS, MAY 29.—1 n the sitting of the Second
Chamber at the Hague, on the 27th May, the Counsellor
of Petitions reported on a complaint made by Messrs.
Potter, &c., that their correspondence which was seized
was not enclosed to them, and that it had been perused
and published. The Committee considering that the
papers sent by them is a mere allegation of facts, without
any request or petition founded en them, proposes the
order of the day.
Several Members spoke on the occasion ; some vehe-
mently condemned the publication of the letters ; others
thought, as the letters were produced and read in Court,
there could be no injustice in communicating to the public
a general paper, which every individual had a right to
hear, as the proceedings in the Courts of Justice are open
to every body.
One Member said, " The reporter speaks of complaints
and plaintiffs. If I understand Article 161, of the Fun-
damental Law, it requires, that a petition should be pre-
sented—that something shall be asked ; but plaintiffs are
to have recourse to tribunals."

The Order of ►he Day was at length adopted, by 51 to
35 votes.

BRUSSELS, JUNE I.—His Majesty, with the Prince,s
Marianne and Prince Albert, her consort, passed through
Utrecht on the 28th, going to Looe.
Baron Falck, our Ambassador at London, has arrived
here from Rome, where he has passed the winter for his
health.

ROTTREIDAM, MAY 28.—Accounts from Batavia of the
beginning of this year announced that the chiefs of the in-
surgents continue to make their submission, that the dis-
trict of Bag•ileen was quite tranquil; hut that the place
of refuge was not discovered where Diepo Negoro still
concealed himself with a few faithful followers.
The Governor General Vanden Bosch arrived at Ba-
tavia in good health on the 2.1 January ; M. de Bris em-
barked on the 6th of February on board the Bellona
frigate ; but Lieutenant-General De Kuck, at the request of
M. Vanden Bosch had consented to stop some time longer
in Java. It seems that in the months of December some
disturbances broke out among the Chinese at Batavia, and
in the island of Banca, in consequence of the introduction
by the Viscount de Bris of an augmented duty on licenses,
and of a change in the payment of the workmen in the
tin mines. It does not appear whether the disturbances
are of a serious nature, or what measures are taken by the
Government to check them. It is also stated that Fort
Van de Capellen, in Sumatra, had been blown up in con-
sequence of some carelessness in removing gunpowder from
the magazine.

With reweet to Diepo Negoro, it was reported that
with a very few attendants he had passed the river Scrayoe

and retreated to the mouetailibf Lawit, W. N.\V, of 13aii-
jar, but though steps were immediately taken in conse-
quence, it had not been ascertained whether the report was
true. Djoyo Sendingo, the last great chief of Bagaleen,
had abandoned Diepo Negoro, whose brother, Adi Poero,
is said by some Chiefs who have submitted to Major
Burchkine, to have died immediately after eating a pine
apple.

New York Papers to the. 9th ofiMay have
been received ; they are chiefly filled with di-
cussions in Congress, and reports from the
Mexican and Colombian Republics. The
most important article of intelligence which
they contain relates to the detail of a Bill intro-

duced into the Legislature for altering the
commercial laws of the United States, and en-
abling the Government to establish a reciprocity
system with friendly nations. This Bill proposes
to admit the manufactures or produce of other
nations into the Union, on paying a duty of 30 per
cent. ; the fact being previously ascertained
by the PRESIDENT, that the countries to which
this privilege shall extend levy no higher import
duties than 30 per cent. on the manufactures
and produce of the United States. The
effect of such an enactment would be a virtual
repeal of the Tariff law, and the trade of
Great Britain would be the chief gainer by the
change. By the Tariff passed two years ago,
most articles of British manufacture are made
subject to higher duties than 30 per cent.,
while we have not yet retaliated, by taxing
American produce—the raw materials of our
manufacture—to the same amount. We should
therefore chiefly profit by the proposed reduc-
tion ; and the present American Government,
which is friendly to a relaxation► of the Tariff,
would obtain the advantages of a more extended
commerce without appearing to repeal its hasty
and impolitic commercial laws in our favour. We
shall give extracts to-morrow;

Extract of a letter from Alexandria (Egypt),
dated the 18th April :

" In the morning of the 17th a boat from one of the
Egyptian frigates cruizing before this port, in which were
M. Letellier, M. Jay, Captain of Artillery, and his Ex-
cellency Oman Bey, Major-General of Marine, upset
while entering the port. The latter succeeded in reaching
the shore, but the two unfortunate Frenchmen perished.
Each of these Officers have left large families in France in
a state of poverty. The Pacha continues his military pre-
parations, but it is understood these are solely caused by
the communications he has received from Constantinople,
which lead to a belief that the Sultan will ere long at-
tempt to force his recal. In the naval department the
attention of the Pacha is occupied with the construction of
two very large vessels of war, which are nearly ready for
launching, and after these, others are immediately to be
put on the stocks, as his Highness cleans to form an im-
portant marine force."

The new Bill of the Church Commissioners
is one which, as a correspondent of the Times
justly observes, ought to be regarded with con-
siderable jealousy. The powers at present vested
in that body are, perhaps, not very consistent
with the constitution of the Established Church,
and have led in not a few instances to the no-
mination of individuals to the ministry of new
chapels, whose doctrines have been very different
from those held by the supposed more orthodox
incumbents of the parishes. However, the zeal
of the church-builders is not now satisfied with
the right of authorising the erection of chapels
wherever they please, but they are coming to
Parliament on Friday next for authority to annex
districts to such chapels, or in other words, to
serer parishes into as many parts as they see fit,
and leave to the incumbents benefices contracted
within as small limits as they choose. And this
is proposed to be done without the consent either
of the incumbents, or of the proprietors of the
livings, no rights whatever being reserved except
those of the Bishop of the diocese.
We protest against this violent interference
with private property, without a more deliberate
examination of the results which are likely to
follow it. Advowsons are bought, sold, and
held, under the sanction of the law, Just in the
same way as any other property, and it is as
much a violation of that property to authorise
the dismemberment of the parish, as it would be
to empower the Commissioners to take any
man's land they please to build churches and
church-yards upon. The public interest may
require the provision of additional places of
worship, but to the Church the precedents of the
existing and proposed Bills are most dangerous,
inasmuch as they plainly establish the principle
that Ecclesiastical property is liable to the in-
terference and seizure of the Legislature. We
have frequently expressed our opinion that it
would be a desirable measure for the Govern-
ment to buy up the Church property, and pay the
Clergy themselves, as is done in other countries,
but until this is done, any molestation of the
rights of individuals is a gross injustice, and not
warranted by any supposed necessity of extending
the means of religious worship. In some parishes
new chapels have been built with the express
view of converting Dissenters, the legitimacy of
which object is very questionable ; and in all
they have been erected without any regard to the
facilities that might be afforded by the perform-.
ance of a greater number of services in the
parish church. There is no possible reason why
there should not be four services every Sunday
in populous parishes, to the end that all classes
might be accommodated ; and this Parliament
may bring about, by amending the Act of Uni-
formity, which prescribes but two services, and
making new regulations with reference to the
actual population of each pariah. But if the
mania for church-building lasts much longer, we
know who will be the losers by it before the
lapse of many years. The stability of the Church
property is, we repeat, shaken by the very per-
sons who speak the most of its sacred and
inviolable character.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(IIIIS DAY.)

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.
Mr. Justice JAmEs PARKE sat to-day far Lord,
Tenterden.

DIXON V. CROOK.

This was an action to recover compensation in damage!'
for false imprisonment. The short facts of the case ;tit
as follows :—The plaintiff gave orders to the defendant, a
coachmaker, to build him a chaise, which order was com-

plied with, and the plaintiff ascertaining that the chaise
was finished, went and took it homo without saying any-
thing to, or obtaining the consent of the defendant. This
step gave great offence to the derendant, and he procured tt
police officer and gave the plaintiff into custody, on a
charge of fraud. The officer did not use any violence,
but allowed the plaintiff to gn by himself to the watch-
house, and arterwards to Queen-square police-office,
where the charge, after a short investigation, was dis-
missed. It was for this imprisonment that the preset"'
action was brought.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL for the defendant submitted,
that as it was proved there had been no violence used, but
the plaintiff allowed to go himself to the watch-house gsid
police-office, an action for false imprisonment could notiieo
supported.
Mr. Justice PARKE over-ruled the objection. his Lord-
ship said it was not necessary to constitute false imprison
ment, that a person should be taken into actual custody. It .
was sufficient if it was proved that a defendant said to an •
officer, " Take this person (pointing to the individual)
into custody on a charge of felony." In this case such a
charge had been twice given, and he therefore thought the,-
plaintiff entitled to recover.
The Jury after some consultation returned a verdict for-
the plaintiff. Damages—One Shilling.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL applied to his Lordship to -
certify. He thought it was a case that did not entitle OS
plaintiff to costs.
Mr. Justice PARKE refused the application. . •• •'
TOOMBS V. WINTERBOTTOM.
This was an action brought to recover the Eir77 54 "L
under the following circumstances !
The plaintiffs carried on business an drapers at Choltkzate
ham ; in the year 1 827 they found it necessary to cans,
promise with their creditors, who agreed to accept tear
shillings in the pound. The defendant objected to accept,
of this compromise, or to sign the deed, unless the full.
amount of his debt (WO was secured to him. After
some negociation the plaintiffs agreed to give him two
bills of 351. each ; which being done, he signed the deed
with the other creditors. These hills had been paid by
the plaintiffs, who now brought their action to recover the
amount back, on the ground that the transaction WO
illegal, as the defendant having signed the deed, it became
a fraudulent preference.
These facts having been proved in evidence, and Mr.
PoLLocic heard on behalf of the defendant, . •

Mr. Justice PARSE said the plaintiff s were clearly
entitled to a verdict for 70/. The defendant having signed
the dead to receive ten shillings in the poun I, in common
with the other creditors, if there had been any arrange-
ment by which he was to receive more, it became a fritudu!'
lent preference, and one which a Court of Law would
never sanction. It was a fraud upon all parties con
cerned. On the creditors generally, on the insolvent's
sureties, and on the insolvents themselves.

The Jury immediately returned a verdict for the plain-
tiffs—Damages, 701.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, T WEL TR 0' CL 0 CK.

lavEuroor, 111 Ar 31.—The demand for Pine timber
has not been considerable this week, and prices appear
to be rather drooping ; there have been several arrivals from
the Baltic this week, and this occurring upon an extrroaarly
dull and unsteady market the trade are not disposeto
purchase except at reduced prices.

The Courier de Bayonne of the 26th contains a private=
letter from Lisbon, stating that the Spanish Ambassador:
has decidedly ceased his functions, and retired for the pr 6.•
sent from the above capital. His Excellency was expected
to leave altogether by orders from his Court.

Extract of a letter from the American Consul at Rio
Janeiro to the Department of State :—" It is a melancholy
duty for me to inform you that Mr. Tudor, our Charge
d'Affaires, is no more. After an illness of five weeks he ex.,
pired on the 9th. As soon as it was known, the funeral car-
riage of the Emperor was offered to convey the body to the
place of interment. All the foreign Ambassadors followed.°
Accounts from Porto Rico, 19th April, state that that
island was visited with a very heavy fall of rain, which
completely inundated the valleys, and the sugar plantations
suffered much. Many head of e tttle were carried off.
Demerara Papers to the 20th April, and Montreal to
the 4th May, have been received at the North and South
American Coffee-house, but they are void of any interest.

~:
