FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, JULY 14.—The Count d'Autichamp,
Commandant of the 11th Division, and one of
the Lieutenant-Generals Inspectors of the Sani-
tary Cordon, set out from Paris on Friday night.
A courier, from Vienna, arrived on Friday at
the Austrian Embassy.
A special messenger has been sent from the
Russian Embassy to-Petersburgh.—(Quotidienne.)
Several couriers have also been sent off from
the Ministry for Foreign Affairs.—( /dm.)
• The Count Lagrange, Secretary of Embassy,
'passed on the 10th inst. through 'Toulouse, pro-
>ceeding en courier to Madrid.—(hicm.)
The Prince de Talleyrand• has returned from
the waters of Bourbonne to Paris.

CONSTANTINOPLE, JUNE 10.--(From the 'his-
trian Observer.)—Respecting the hostilities be-
twee!' the Turks and Persians, the accounts are
contradictory. The Persians are said to have
made great progress in Armenia, where they
menace Kars and Erzerum. The Turks on the
other hand say, they have gained a signal victory
in the Paellalic of Bagdad, and that they have
retaken Suleimanieb. They assert also, that the
wrath of Heaven has visited the Persian town of
Kermancheh, in the shape of a dreadful earth-
quake, in which 30,000 inhabitants perished.
Letters from Aleppo speak also of an earthquake
-which had destroyed two-thirds of Micca.—The
affairs of Moldavia and Wallachia'are actively
discussed in conferences almost daily between
the Kadileskier.of Romelia and the Kiaya Bey ;
but they are enveloped in a veil so impenetrable,
that the Deputies of the Boyards (who are other-
wise treated very magnificently) cannot commu-
nicate with any foreigner. There is reason to
believe, upon several grounds, that the Hospo-
dars of the two Principalities are appointed, but
that the Foreign Ambassadors and the public
will not be informed of it till after the Ramadan.
FRANKFORT, JULY s.—One of our Papers
contains an extract from a private communication
from' Constantinople, of 11th June, from which
it seems certain that that capital enjoys tolerable
tranquillity, and that hopes of peace are still con-
. fidently entertained,' but that all business is sus-
pended on account of the Ramadan. The l'orte
seems resolved to strike a blow at the Russian
trade in the Black Sea, by prohibiting the
-Genoese, who used to. carry on that trade under
the Russian flag, from navigating the Euxine.
Another letter says, " I think it will be doing
..a service to the Captains of all vessels which do
not carry the French, English, Austrian, Russian,
or Dutch flag, to insert the following in your
_paper :—According to orders issued by the Porte,
it will no longer allow the vessels of several na-
tions which have no right of navigation in the
.!Black Sea, and which have hitherto navigated it
-.by taking in cargoes here under the flags of one
of the above-mentioned five nations, to make use
of this means to cover their vessels. They are
consequently precluded from all navigation in
these seas. The Porte itself will probably be
soon convinced thatit injures itself by this regu-
ilation, and revoke it; but, in the mean time,
these obstacles, are very injurious to vessels that
-.arrive here."

JULY B.—Just as our Paper is going to press,
we receive, by express, accounts from View of
the 4th instant. .The Metalliques had risen to
•79 9-16, and the Bank Shares .to 775. The
-cause assigned for this extraordinary rise is, that
,the Bank will henceforward discount for" 4 per
cent. instead of 5, as it has hitherto done. The
„Bank purchased on that day 300,000 florins, in
5 percent. Metalliques, at the course of the 'thy,
`for its reserve fund.

SALoNICIII, MAY 9.—Several villages of Mount I
-Olympus' have taken no part in the revolt, and
.have remained quiet. The Pacha, at the head
of 15,000 men, has executed justice on the '
.others that took up arms. And what justice was
'this ?—All the men who could, not escape into
kthe mountains have been cut to pieces=all the
women and children that could be found have
.been reduced to slavery; the little town of
..Niausta has been totally destroyed by fire, not-
withstanding the orders of the Pacha, who was
•-unable to check the fury of his troops. Some
Greek villages were- 'burnt by' the insurgents
themselves, because the inhabitants would not
join them; and, some of the armed Greeks had
-the barbarous courage to massacre their wives
and .children With their .own hands before-they,
k•took flight.
MAY 11 —All is quiet towards Niausta ; but
gat is the stillness of the tomb. Our _Pacha has.
„returned with the greater part of his army.
Yesterday they brought in the head of :the
Samous Chief Zafiraki, and that of Captain Dads.
,At the same time 49 Greeks were brought in,
who, .after haiing formed part of the corps of
7, these .Chiefs, had fiqd into the mountains. They.
,were immediately bheaded,

SPAIN.

:FURTHER PARTICULARS OF THE DEFEAT OF

THE ROYAL GUARDS.
[ExtraCt of a.-Private Letter.]

"" PARIS,. JULY i4.—Events- have Crowded so
Thickly upon us from Spain, that I have been
•unable• to-make such a statement of the affairs of
that unfortunate country as I could wish. You
-may rely on it.that all the passages which I have
.inarked in the margin of the Pilde are false. It
is utterly 'false. 'that-money was distributed by
the French Ambassador. The policy of M. 'de
:Villele is directly opposed to any such roanceu-
vres: •Ile will hold the revolutionists • of -all
.countries at arm's length, and will take all prac-
ticable 'means of defence against them, but he
will never descend to a war of intrigue and
bri!yeryagainst them. These were the tactics of
alkyranthand Follette ; but they are 'entirely
exploded now. There is a story, in the .Pilote of
a dispute in -the Palace between the 'King of
Halberdiers and his Guards. This is
absuld ; and no such thing occurred. It is >false
too . that the King said .the social compact was
dissolved, and he had re-entered into his rights
as ;in absOute King. None but a madman could
have held such language, whilst he remained, as
liing Ferdinand unfortunately does, a prisoner
in,_The `hands ..of his_ enemies In addition to

what I have here observed, you may be as-
sured that the notes in the Quotidienne, on the
Spanish accounts, are all perfectly accurate. Of
this I have been informed from a very high quar-
ter. The Pitote is, as you
_know, published
under the immediate auspices of the leading
Liberals. The fact of the regiments which were
attacked being permitted to go out 'of Madrid
with arms and baggage gives to the whole affair
of the 7th inst. the character rather of a drawn
.battle than of a decisive success on either side.
We must, however, wait for further advices be-
fore we can see our way clearly to the prospect
of any further operations. The best informed of
our Statesmen, however, looking to the chaotic
state of society in Spain, and the fiery elements
at work there on both sides, are fully persuaded
that the materials of the population will ere long
'be brought into dreadful shape, and made to act
a tragedy, of w hich the proceedings of the first
week of the present month afford but a foretaste.
General Quesada has not been beaten, as it was
asserted he had. On the contrary his system is
to avoid any thing like a pitched battle. Among
several curious stories which now circulate re-
specting Madrid, one is that a subterraneous pas-
sage exists from the,Palace to the Prado ; and
hence' it is hoped that if the King could but find
means of elbding his gao-lers he might quickly
find himself in the midst of his faithful defenders.
In the state in which the provinces now are, such
an event (bordering on the nature of a miracle).
is only wanting to set the whole of. Spain in insur-
rection for its King, with the same unanimity as
in 1808, excluding now a small number of furious
democrats, as there were then excluded an
equally small number pf Buonapartists."
(From the Gazette de France, July 14.)

M.7IDRID, JULY B.—The two battalions which
were on guard at" the Palace did not stir yester-
day. They waited impatiently for orders,. and
no orders were given from the interior. General
Morino had not appeared at the Palace since
Friday evening.. The following are some of the
rumours on this subject, but how far they are
consistent with truth we know not-:

It is said that General Morillo, after having in
vain fried to obtain the, approbation of the Coun-
cil of the King for vigorous measures against the
Descamisados, at last joined the party of Riego,
and himself ordered the massacre of the Guards.
Others think that Morillo in reality belonged to
that moderate party which has long sought to ob-
tain the advantages of the Revolution without its
risks. This party, to which the majority of the
men who surrounded the throne are unfortunate-
ly attached, can effect nothing by itself, and is
obliged by critical circumstances to oppose .both
the other decided parties. It had to choose with-
in the last six days between the faithful guards
and the soldiers of Riego ;—it preferred the lat-
ter, and committed the destinies of the Royal
Family to the hands of the Trugalists. It ap-
pears as if Providence had condemned unhappy
Spain to a rigorous expiation. But let us pro-
ceed with the narrative of events. As soon as the
Guards assembled in the square of the Palace,
the militia and the regiment of Don Carlos, with
the populace, armed with clubs, proceeded to"-
wards the Palace by every avenue ; cannon were
pointed against the ends of the adjacent streets.
Figure to yourself the Palace of the King, sur-
rounded by his unfortunate Guards, ten pieces
of cannon directed against the doors _and win-
dows, and ten thousand persons, as well militia
as banditti, uttering the most terrific cries. Bal-
lasteros, Riego, Alava, and Morino, were con-
spicuous in this affair. The Guards were sum-
moned to surrender ; it was proposed to the -two
battalions who were on guard to quit Madrid
without ammunition, and to march to the vil-
lages of Viculharo and Leganes, to be there dis-
banded. These two battalions consented, and
passed through' the city in sullen silence. The
rest of the Guard was required to lay down its
arms, and surrender at discretion. This fright-
ful condition inspired those unfortunate men
with the courage of despair ; they rallied, forced
the passage, and traversed the Mancanarea. The
cavalry pursued them as far as the village of Bou-
dilla, and killed or wounded 200 of them; they
had lost nearly as great a'number in the streets
'of Madrid. The loss of the Revolutionists is
said to have been still more considerable. The
number of Guards who escaped is about 300, not
including the two battalions who capitulated.—
At the moment when the Guards were dispersed,
the King and his family were in imminent dang,er.
Fortunately, Colonel O'Doyle hastened to the
Palace with the regiment of Don Carlos, which
he-commands, and thus prevented serious cala-
mities.—This Morning ,the Bishop of Madrid said
Mass in the balcony of the Great Square ; all the
Descamisados of Madrid and the militia were pre-
sent. The Bishop was called on for a Te Deum,
amid shouts of Liberty 'and the Constitution for
ever! A cry soon arose on all sides of " The
King in the balcony !" The King was obliged
in a few seconds to make his appearance, and
bowed to the people. lie was received with cries
of Liberty for ever ! The whole populace of Ma-
drid is intoxicated at this moment ; there have
been distributed within the last five days a dollar
per man. This distribution was made at three
places.
The Liberates have sacrificed to it, it is said, a
mill* of reals (250,000 fr.)—lt is useless to
retrace the situatioii'of our unhappy' Queen dur-
ing this dreadful day ; some idea of it may easily
be formed ; but what one cannot avoid remark-
ing is, that Madrid appears to be inhabited by a
new people. The respectable inhabitants have
shut themselves up at home •; the churches are
deserted—the streets are filled with militiamen
and inhabitants of tile suburbs, all armed, and
sending forth cries of joy or rage. The infa-
mous vociferations which are heard on every
side are not tit to be repeated.--Before these
deplorable days, thi. Minister of War had taken
upon himself to order General Espinosa to pro-
need to Madrid with the troops under his com-
mand, in order to support the projects of the
Descamisados. The King, informed of this order,
had blamed the, Minister ; the latter, uncertain
of the event, thought proper to give in his resig-
nation ; since the success of the attack on the
Palace, the triumphant Minister made no inquiry
whether his resignation was accepted.—All the

other Ministers also offered their resignations.
The King replied, " I will accept your resigna-
tions only when you shall have proved that you
are not the guilty causes of the miseries of Spain,
and of my present situation."—Don M on,
who was abandoned at the gate of St. Vin-
cent by the Guards which he commanded,
was taken by a band of Descamisados, armed
with pikes and bars of iron, who conducted
him to the posts of the Constitutional troops,
amidst cries of " Long live Liberty and the Na-
tion !" Several military executions are spoken
of. The Constitution calls for blood.
P. S.—All the letters from Andalusia have fail-
ed to-day, and it is supposed that the couriers
have not been able to pass through the insurgent
districts. We learn only by letters from Lucerna,'
that the mal-contents have established their head-
quarters at Montoro.
PERPIGNAN, JULY 6.—They announce at Bar-
celona the approaching arrival of the revolu-
tionary General Quiroga with two regiments,
composed together of two hundred men. This
worthy General appears to dread the time which
will bring him near to the Catalonian Royalists,
who wait for him with impatience.—lt is asserted
that the Descantisados of Figueras and La Jun-
quera have placed sentinels at the doors of the
rich inhabitants, to prevent them from setting off
with their property. They are determined that
these persons shall share their fate, n hich will
soon he decided.

[From the Madrid Gazette, July
MADRID, JULY 6.—By letters from Cordova
and Seville, and the statements in different peri-
odical papers, we have the disagreeable intelli-
gence that the carabineers in the neighbourhood
of Cordova, dissatisfied with the order for the re-
duction of their small corps, manifested their dis-
content a few days ago, by mutinying and' en-
camping in Castro del Rio, four leagues from Cor-
dova. In that city it was believed that it was
the intention of these troops to solicit the Go-
vernment, in decorous terms, not to carry into
effect the intended reduction, but that until they
received an answer, they would remain in a situ-
ation which was not the most pacific.
As soon as this news was circulated in Anda-

lusia, it produced that unpleasant sensation which
must be felt by all Spaniards who are well con-
vinced that, on obedience to the laws, respect for
lawful authorities, aul the preservation of order,
all public felicity depends. The towns remain
tranquil, and the Magistrates redouble their vi-
gilance to prevent still greater evils.
As soon as an account of this event reached
Seville, 150 infantry of the Majorca regiment,
and some artillerymen with two pieces of cannon,
marched for Cordova. The troops were drawn
out, arid every necessary measure was adopted
both for the preservation of order and for re-
calling the Carabineers to their duty. With the
latter view the Commandant-Genera! addressed
an order to the Carabineers, and the Political
Chief informed the people of Seville of what had
occurred, by a proclamation dated the 28th of
Jane,

The' accounts received, by die latest corre-
spondence speak of the Carabineers having been
attacked, and of the desired object having been
accomplished : but as the letters from different
parts of Andalusia vary as to the circumstances
of this intelligence, we abstain from referring to
any of them, until we can publish them with that
assurance of correctness which is necessary in
describing events of 60 much importance.
JULY is finished ; the small party of
Guards who escaped in the night of yesterday
presented themselves and prayed for pardon.
Ail the rest have perished. Several waggons
loaded with wounded soldiers have this day en-
tered the town. At ten o'clock in the morning,
the Auxiliary Bishop. of Madrid said mass in the
balcony of the great square, in presence of the
National Militia and of the garrison, to whom he
afterwards gave the benediction. A Te Deum
was sung. This ceremony attracted an immense
concourse of spectators. The Palace is guarded
by one of the regiments of the garrison. The
King showed himself at one of the balconies of
the Palace and bowed to the national troops.
The battalions destined for Vicalbaro and Le-
ganes arrived peaceably, and were received in
the midst of cries of " Long live the Constitu-
tion." The most perfect tranquillity leigus in
the capital.

GIBRALTAR.

PROCLAMATION.

Head-quarters of the Commandant of El.Cconpo.:
DIRECTIONS to be followed in the LINES before GIBRAL.
TAR, by Don ITRANctscO DE ALIAS, appointed to exa.
mine Persons applying for Permits to proceed to the Gar.

rison.

1. Every person, whatever class he may belong to, previous
to obtaining a permit to enter the Garrison, is bound to exhibit
his passport, expedited in due form by the competent Autho-
rity, without which requisite no one shall be allowed to pass.
2. Any person that 'there may be reason to suspect cannot
produce documents, or be unprovided with them, or maliciously
conceal them, shall be arrested on the spot, and conducted to
the main guard, .where he. shall remain, and the above-named
ARIAS having concerted matters with the Officers commanding
the detachment in the Lines, the latter shall give the requisite
orders for the examination of the individual detained, after
which he shall transmit the proceedings to me, that such dispo-
sition' may be made as may be called for by their result.
3. No inhabitant of the Garrison shall be permitted to enter
Spain unless he exhibit for this purpose a special permit from
his Excellency the Governor, as .agreed on for this long time
past. This restriction shall not ,extend tp the Superior and
other Officers of the Garrison when in uniform.
4. Private individuals or families'coming,to the lines for the
purpose inentioned in the foregoing article, and intending to
settle in some part of the Peninsula, or having some private
business to transact, shall not be allowed to do so unless they
exhibit a passport from the GovernoT, or from the Consuls of
the countries to which they respectively belong., This like-
wise applies to the Spaniards residing in the fortress.
5. No persdn shall be permitted to pass the lines on either
side of the place appointed for this purpose; namely, the spot
between the two sentry-boxes opposite to the main guard.
6. From the foregoing rule are excepted the Governor of
Gibraltar and his Excellency's suite, who may, when they find
it convenient, pass along 'the beach from morning to e#ening
gun fire.
7. Individuals attempting to contravene the direction in ar-
ticle 5, shall, for this attempt alone, be detained and treated as
suspicious persons, until they shall have given a satisfactory ac-
count of themselves, and of the motives which induced them
to do so ; but they shall rct be released without an order from
me? to obtain which thcse formalities must be gone through
which have been detailed above.
Algesiras, June 13, 1822. (Signed) RETORTILLO:
