FOUND,

ANEWFOUNDLAND DOG. The Ownei
may:have him main by paying the Advertisement a.nd
Ktcp. likewise mentioning the Marks, he applying at No.
9S, Petticoat-lane, Wllitechapel.

AT the Cheapest and Bst. ITlosiery Warehouse
in the Kingdom between Castle and Old ltound Court,
treariy opposite ',Cork !baildings, No. 434. Strand, the.greatest
bargains are-now selling.; consisting of Men's brown Cotton
for Boots, at only is. 6d-per pair, worth zs. 6d. ; Woinen's
'stout Lotton ts. 6d. worth zs. 6d. ; line as. 9d ; extra su.
per 3s. 9d. worth ss. ; stout black and white Silk 6s. 3d.
.with laced ilocks 7s. 6d. ; extra good los 6d.. A variety
of Patent Angola Hose, warranted nut to shrink, from as.. Qd,
lathe Pest qualit% ; stout worsted 5..3d. ; line as. ; super-
fine 3s 6d. ; Silk Mitts is. 6d. -; a curious Article in square
Net Mitts ; also tadtes' new-invented Lace Sleeves, calcu-
lated to give eahe and elegance ; Men's Cotton Drawers 3 s.6d .
with every other Article in the Ilwiery Line that can pos.
sibly be made,up to the very best quality, wholesale and for
,exportation.—Stockings made toany Pattern.

This Day was published,

ixLETTER addressed to Mrs. Fri 7 H ER BERT,
in answer to a Complaint that her Feelings have been
hurt by the Mention, of her Name in the Review of the Con.'
'dud of the PRINCE of %VALES ; with Observations' on.
the influence of Example, dec. &c. &c.
By NATHANIEL JEFFERYS, late M. P. for the City,
of Coventry. '
To be had at No. 2.), PaMMall, price ts.

- FIFTH EDITION, •considerably Enlrged. •
This Day was published, price 3s_ 6d. , ,
DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND ) • or. Observa-
tions on a Pamphlet', entitled " A Review, of t 1
Condul of His Royal Hr,linessine-PRI NC E of WA I.ES
complising a Free and impartial View of Mt. IEF FE..
RYS, as a Tradesman, Politician, and Courtier, during a
period of zo years.

To which is prefixed, •
A LETTER to NATHANIEL jEFFERYS, House-
Agent, Pall-Mall,
By PIIILO-VERITAS.
-*Tisiertain, greatness., once fall'n out with fortune,
Must-tall out with men too.—SitAicsr EARE.
Printed by B. M4Nlillan,- 13dw.sticet, Covent-garden,
Printer to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for
C. Chapple' Pall Mall, and Southampton-row, Russell-
square; -T. Osten, Ave-Maria-lane, St. Paulls and W..
Pollard, Marine Library, Brighton.

This »4 was published,
handsomely printed in Two large Volumes in Odavo, price
in boards 18,, a New Edition, corrected and ci,nsiderably
enlar,ed, being the Sixth, of
LEMENTS of GENERAL KNOWLEDGE,
A:4 iott6docioty to Useful Books in the Principal Brandies
a Literature and Science. Witty Lists of the mOst.approved
Authors.; including the best Editions of the Classics. De-
signed Chirtly tiu the itinior Students in the Universities,
and the higher Classes in Schools,
By HENRY KETT, 11:D.
Fellow and Tutor ot Trinity College, Oxford.
Printed for Messrs. Rivington, St. Paul's Church-yard;"
tlatchard, Piccadilly ; and Egerton, Whitehall, London ;
Parker and J. Cooke, ; and•Deigliton; Cambridge.
Oi whom may be had, by the same Author, History the
jnterpreter of Prophecy ; or, A View of the Scriptural Pro.
pliecies and their Atcomplislinients in the Past and Present
Occurrences of - the IVorld- t with Conjelures respeding
their future Completion. The sth Edition, in 2 vols. Svo.
price in boards 14s. . .

This Day was published,
Handsomely printed in One Volume Quarter, price zl.ris.6d.
in boards, the Fourth Editior.of
ACRITICAL PRONOUNCING DICTION,
ARY and EXPOSITOR of the ENGLISH LAN-
UAG . To which are prefixed•P RI NCIPL ES of ENG-
LISH- PRONUNCIATION: in which -the Ilifluenix of
the Greek and Latin Accent and Quantity,-fon the Accent
and Quantity of the English, is thoroughly examined, and
clearly defined; and the true Pronunciation of every Word in
the Englisti•Language exactly determined, either by Analogy
•or the best Usage._ .

By JOHN WALKER.
Printed for I. Johnson, St. Paul's Church-yard ; I.Walkor,
Wilkie and Robinson, and C. Robinson, in Paternoster-row;
and Cadell and Davies, Strand.

Of whom may be had, by the same Autkor,-
r. A Key to the Classical; Pronunciation or Gree,,. Latin,
and Scripture ['Taper Naines ; 2d Edit..7s, in boards. '
z. The Academic Speaker; to which are prefixed- Elements
of Gesture; 4th Edit.3s. 6d. inboards. - ' • •
3. The Teacher's assistant in Epgli.sliCompositiOn; price
6d,in boards. - -

- -
4. Elements- of Elocution • to whiell'is added a.cOmpfete
System of the Passions : the Elocution;
illustrated by--Copper-
plates, Ilvo. 2d Edit. 7s. In boards.
. . ,
5. Outlines:of EnglishGrainmar ; Calcuratcd fur tIIC Use.
el' bath stxes-at School i .25. 6d. bound. ''-.-, - - "

a

This Day was
,Publish6d,
Parts First and Second. price Six Shillings,,
A N: ADDRESS to the VISITORS of the 'mot..
porated Society of 'DOCTORS. in CIVIL aril
CANON LAW.
By NATHANIEL HIGIIMORE, LL. and M P. -
Printed for T.
.Cadell and W. Davies, Strand.

'Phis Day were published,
Tit Two Volumes, price los. in boards,
T,EITERS addresszA to the DAUGHTER of
Nk)B,L EMAN, on the Formation bf RELIt;LOUS
and .11,10 it A Li' R INC I l' L E.

•By ELIZABETH 11.4.40T,T011,
Author of Leiters on the Elementary Principles or Educa-
tion, &c.
Printed for T. Cadet! and VV. Davies, Strand.

This Day was published,
Elegantly printed hi rwo've,i tr es, and illustrated with En..

gravings, price ics. in boards, a new Editithi of
OBERON: .a Poetn, rom the German Uf
wi t. lAN D. •

By %VI SOTUEDY, Esq. •
Printed for T. Cadell arid W. Davies, Strand.
***, r very tew Copies on large Paper, with that I enpres.
sions of the Plates; price 11. 4s. hi board. • '

This Day-was published, • •
•
• •
fflephtly printed iu Two, Volumes, prictrios. in boards,
The Tenth Eclifithi of 's • •

STRICTURES on the • AfOriERN SYSTEM
•of 'FEMALE' EDUCATI-ON.. With a View•,ol the
Principles and Conduti prevalent .among WoMeti. of gack
and fortune. . • , •
• l3§ IIAN NATI Mutt E.' • "";-
Printed for T. Cadet:, and W. Itasiies. Strand.
Of whom may be had, by the same Aut
I. Sacred ,Dreunas :.chiefly ihrended tbr. young-•Pwsons,
The Subjeds taken-, .Fourteenth • Ettitio-h,
price 4s. in boardi: , , .
2. Search after HapPiness'; Pastel-al Vrama.•: Twelfth
•Eaition; price Js.. 6d: • . • . • •

3. Percy, a Traki.edy. Fourth Edition, price is 6d.
4. The fatal. kalsellood, a Traedy. Second Ldition,
price 'is, 6d. ." , •

_ .
. Florio • and the 'las Bleu. Second Edition, price Is, •
6. A collAted Edition of the •WoikS•of More.
Including '-'several Pieces' never before published. Hand::
-Suivrely.'printed in Eight Volumes, pricettl. zs. boards.

ThiS•Daywas published,
In o.ne.large Octavo, pike izs. in .hoputs,.
A New Edition, c.,rretted (being the Sixth), or
.2..k..CLASSICAL DICTIONARY.; '(.:ocitainirirt.
copious Cco.int of all priiper Naints
Ancient Authors. :witlittjc Value It Coins,. ‘VciAlits, Livid
Measures, used among the Greeks and Romans, and a Chto.
nologieal Table.
By I. LEMPRIERE, D D.
Master of Abingdon School.
Printed for T. Cadell and W. Davies. Strand.
Of whom may also be hid, another Edition ot• the same
Work-, with the seve, ' ArricleS,gre.at;l enlarged, contai:ling
e
a lull and ioterestin,; .Account of the Literature, History, ana
him-niers of Ancient Times; 'handsomely ptiatt;tl in one large'
Vol .}to. price Ss. . •'

. . Just puhlish,d, • ,
AN ANTIDOTE to POISON ; or -a full Reply
ro - Mr. i-E FFE It YS's Attack on the CharNder And.
Condud of Ills Royal Highness the PRINCE of WA LES
containing several Particulars, derived from authentic sources
of !nit:irritation, •

By CLAUDIO.
Printed for It'lathers and Leigh, No. 18, Strand, price vt.

.
This D4y, was published, •
In One Volume, o,oavo, Price 9s. in boards,
►COME ACCOUNT of the LITE and WRIT-
INGS of LOPE FELIX DE VEGA CARPI°.

By HENRY RICHARD LORD HOLLAND.
-Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, and Orme, Paternos-
ter-row ; E. Jedery, ; and I. Ridgway, Pic-
cadilly,

This Day were published, •
In Two Volumes. Otiavo, price 11. is. in boands, -
RECOLLECTIONS 'of PARIS, in the
Years iSoz, 3,4, and 5,
By I. PINKERTON.
Printed for T.ongman, Hurst, kees, and Orme, Patentor.-
terfrow ;andCadell and Davies, Strand. •

• . l)f.whorn may be Mid, by the same Author,
Modern Geography. —A Description of the Empires, Kiag_
doms, States, and Colonies, with .the• Oceans, Seas, and
sles, in Al. Parts of the World, including the most recent
Discoveries, and Political Alterations, digested on a new,Vian,
A new Edition, revised b. the Author, price" 325. boards.

To I'HOMAS TAYLOR, Esti. •
Sir, No. 9, New Bridge-street, londOn.
j CONSIDER it but an aft of justice due to the
a. merits of your LE Ak E's PATENT PILLS, to corn_
malicate to you the following Cure which has recently beet/
pertbrmed by them : An Acquaintance of Mine, by the.'
breaking out of an old Venereal Complaint (aft ended by a
complication of dis Orders arising therefrom), was reduced al-
rnost.to a skeleton; and although he had the best medical
advice which could be obtained, and tried a varier). of Patent
Medicines, nothing could be procured which scented to suit
his case, or to do him any service remained in a most ;e-
-duced and pitiable situation for two years,
'tin4ble• to follow
his profession, and scarcely_ able to walk or even ro stand on
his less; in fail .o one who knew him ever supposed it pos-
sible for him to recover. He was advised 'at last to try' gout
Leake's Pills—he did so,. adhering strictly.to the. direelions
given with them. He had not taken, more than two boxes. be-
fore he found an alteration cur the better: this encouraged
him to proceed, and by- taking a few .a,,ces more' he found
his appetite and strength gradually return, and •is now as
health) and stout as any
.man I know You are welcome,
Sir, to icier any person tome for a confirmation of the above
account if it should be doubted,

I am,-Sir, your obedient humble servant,.
-Library, Folkstone. THOS. I'URDAY.
Prepared and Sold by the Sole Proprietor,
Tilos. Y LOA, Mernber of the RoYal College of Surgeons,
London, at his Hotrse, No. 9, New Bridge-greet ;
Where, after a' constant residence of more than. Forty. Years,
in a practice particularly direeted to the Cure ol Vene-
real Complaints, and these incidental to the Parrs o:
Generation in both Sexes, Jvith that inviolable secrecy
which Men of his Profession should always observe, 'hr
flatters himself, the advice and assistance lie gratuitous-
ly administers to PCrsons taking thiS Medicine, will he
esteemed by a discerning, Public, as an adaiita4e seldom
- to be obtained, and void of ambiguity.
Also sold, by his Appiiintrnent, tot Ili,: convenience ol
those liVingat.a distance, at the Perfumer's, No. 35, St. Al
ban's-street, Pall... Mall; the Toyshop, .No. 103, .i)xtimi-
- Street
~Z4O. 7, Fish-street-hill; Mr.
Baxter's, South-bridge, Edintr; rgli ; NI r. ' i )onald'a,•G
las-
gow; Mr. callwell's, Duiblibi; Mr. Billinge's, Liverpool;
. Mr. Atkinsofi's, Manchester ;
,and by tine Per Son in every
:.considerable Town in Great Britain .and Irclaud, in• Poxes
of only 2S. 9d. ' each, sealed up wan rbll and plain direc-
-tions, whereby-persons of eithor sex may cure trieniselvel
iwith ease, speed, secrecy, and safety.
N.-13. Every Box *sold in ()rest iiritain is sealed .up wit!
'a stamp, on which, by'lavour of the t.:e44lcri•6sioners.,l6 pc int-
ed, ai the Stamp-Oliice, " Tailor, No, 9, Nev 0r,,t;e,7
site,::," to imitate whiGhli
terns.

EASTI,NbIif y 3s, I 8 ofi.
THE COMMITTEE of SHIPPING of the
• UNITgD COMP. 4 NY of 111ERCHel N 7 Sof ENG-
', A ND,. traiiing to the East Endles,. herehj. give Notice,-
nett the Committee will be ready to receive Proposals in to
ing; scaled rep, on or before Ifiednesday, the zoth otiLegust next,
from such Persons 'who m.fy be willing to Supply the Cosa.
lay with _ _ _

Anchor.; and Grapnals.
Canvas.
•
Copper,
Pitch and Tar,.
Shot and Shells.
Swedish Iron.

And that the Conditions cf the Cchtrat"is may-be seen upon 410.
Tatiomio Mr, James Coggin, Clerk to the said Committee; 'with
°whom the Prot osals must hi kJ heforeTwelve o'clock at Neon, on
the said 2•~tb of August, bowed• which. hour she Committee will
mt "receive any Tcrid,r.

ELEGANT VI'LLA, FARM, and LANDS, near CROY-
'DON, SURREY.
TOTE SOLD BY AUCTION,
- _ fly ROBINS,
At Carraway's Coffee-house, ,
Cornhill, on
Friddy, 29th August, at Twelve o'Clock,

• -
Desirable.- FREEHOLD 'ESTATE,. .called
CH E [,SHAM LODGE, cinsisting of an eligible Mo-
dern Villa, preSenting a handsome uniform elevation, with
Coach. ionse, Stabling, Brew-house, and useful Offices,
Pleasure ground, and Kitchen-garden, judiciously -placed in
a Paddock of 50 • Acres,' surrounded by sundry inclosures of
A rable,J'Atnre, and Wood Lands, in a ring fence, and corn-
prisinL,:Fairchitds•and Higloms Hill Farm, in the Parishes of
Chelsitain, West ‘Vickhani, and Cudhain, and in the Coun-
ties of Su Prey and Kent ; with a commodious Farm-house
agreeably detached front the M ansion, capital Barns, Stabling,
'Waggon-lodge, Cow,house, Granaries, and numerous con-
venient Buildings, a Lodge, Entrance, and two. excellent
cottages, containing in the whole upwards of 374 Acres.—
The situation is remarkably saltibrions, isabbut 5 miles from
Croydon, Bromley, and Westerham, and within 15 of Lon-
don, surrounded by a beautiful Vicinity, abounUinvin Game,
andln the centre of several Packs of.Hounols.
May.be.viewed by ► ckets. Particulars at the White Hart,
Godstnue ; Greyhound, Croydon and Carshalton 1; White
Hart.,_ Re gate; hcll, Bromley ; at Garraway's ; of Mr,
Robins, Warwick-street, Golden-square.

'I'M • Rev. Dr. BARCLAY has -been favoured
wit h,,a great variety of testimonies, ackimvlerlging the
efficacYonlis itCLAY's ANTI-1311..10US PILLS; lie
begs leave to submit the following, athiresseci to. Dr.
Wholesale Agent, by the I-lon. Archdeacon Caulfield.:

" Sir, -64 Gleriami,. July 8, 18.05.
" I have reerivfd your fresh supply in two,double boxes
" of this most excellent Medicine, denominated Barclay's
".,A,nti-Bilious Pills, for which the Rev; William Barclay.
" .has a 'Patent. 1 informed you 1 had found them very dB-
" cdcious, and you requested permission to add- my name to
'6 the most respeaahle signatures in its favour. I should
"•imagine the Archbishop of Canterbury's name of itself
" sufficient, and acknowledge I tried the. Pills entirely on
" mytirm b;:iiet that it •was in itself an host. It is not pos.
si bre so a personage would sutler his name to be
" niade. use of hut for_t he good of the Public, or that it could
" ha-annexed to any-thing but truth. I have experienced
the s moilwss of the foundation on which I built, for I
" was subject. to. tormenting flatulencies, proceeding from
awl have to thank• Mr. Barclay for the cure. ' You
" may, tinnefore, make use of my name where and when you
" please.
-

"'I am, Sir, yours, &c.
-" J, CAULFIELD, ArcndeacOn of Kit more.'!
Sold whOlesale .0 retail, by appointment of Dr. lidrclay,
at Nlr. 'Btu No. 4, Cheapside, Corner of Paternoster-
row ; and oy Bull and Callwell, Dublin ; Scott, Smitl►,
and Baxter, lidinot.rgli ; Macdonald, Glasgow; Stains,
c:tester; (;t:.:;sfals, , Liverpool ; and by most Covntry Medi-
cine Vender.i in every Town..

4 Caution.--k the nme of William Barclay is en-
tS,e,Sr4.l.t,, which is affixed on-the Out-si...;e wrap,
of boN. ;. ali not so stamped are a dangerolls
. is. 6,i. culd los..per box, with ample tliredion4.

. ,
Of this celebrated Battle, which, the fa& cannot
.now be dissembled/. 4ecided. the, fate of the Conti.
rent, and established 'upon a basis .'eerningly-. Ini-
peri4hable the stupendous powet of Fritnce, Tittle is
known except, the result. The two, official account's
which have appeared are either extremely deficient,
or liable to the imputation of gross and intentional
misrepresentation. The Russian relation is sub-
jeet to the first reproach ; that of the French--to.
the latter. The following account is not open to
either censure :77- •

THE BATTLE qr
.AITSTEB.LrTZ,- BY •AN .AUSTRIA

OFFICER, AN -EYE-WITNESS or van BATTLE OF
• THE 2D -OF bECE.:‘.TRER, .1805.
" The BattleS qf Krems and Hollabrtum are
known. 'After them M. DE 'KU'l'LrZOW,dit,,:to his
retreat towards triton,. and. etfeEted it -from, that
period,
.without being greatly harassed by. die
Enemy.
The first, RuSsian Army bad orders to refuse
every kind of serious engagement, and to •basten
its retrograde movements, for.the,purpose of firm-
ing a juthion with that of General
w4O- was marching forward,with rapidity to come
Wits assistance.- M. KUTiTZOW had effietcd a dif-
ficult retreat'. from the Inn to Moravia. The re-
treat coMinenced on the 14th of aitober, :Ind con-
tinued till November. 18 :.though much inferior to
the. Enemy, this Russian Army succeeded in form.
ing a junaton without any considerable loss,' In
proportion to the
.advances of the Grand French
Army, its combinations multiplied, and the neces-
sity for distributing its forces increased. The tUts-
sian General had the advantage of concentrating his
forces during his retreat, which he also eifetted in
good order. For this he was principally indebted
to Prince BA4RATEIION, who. condtiOed the rear-
guard with great firmness. The two Russian Ar-
tales formed a junction at Wischau, on. the 18th
of NovehTher, and ti-oin that period- formed One
Army
..under General lcuTozow. It coast,' e„ of
104 Battalions, inclusive of 20 Battalions of Aus-
trian Infantry ; 1.59 Sqnadrons of Cav:Ary, inelußg
ifty-four Austrian Squadrons, and fitly
of.cossacks.
`".rhe AustrimCorps.was commanded by Price
JouN 'of' Lichtenstein ; fits 'lnfontry,.was cowposed
of xieen Battalions of recruits, Ern-led:. anif 'organ-
ized 'within the,courseof a month. General lc IF!.NT-
MAYER, with. be remains Of hisCorps-,'being wo4k-
ened:in consequence of the Movements of:Gls:mai
MEEIWELDT• towards ;Styria, fortned also .a Part of
the, Corps: under Prince Jan,N -of :Lichienstein.
The, Archduke FER,O2 z; AND, with the 'remains-of the
Army. of LT-Inl;_and sajne i3cntasons newly raised;
was in Bohemia; and thus covered the right,of the
combined Army. At this epoch,. this Artny might
be estimated at 72,000 men.- The CA.rps.nrider
the Archduke FERDINAtiD, was from 18 to 20,b00
in. number.

The Grand French Army, after it had passed
the Danube, advanced into Moravia, with the
Corps under. Prince Mur.AT, .Marshals SOULT,
LA4,:NES, and. BERNADOTTEs; the latter was at
length opposed to the Archduke FERDWAND, and
moved to Igian. Mar,hal DAvotTsT, after, put-.
suing General MEERVELDT thr-ough Styria,'march-
ed towards ,Vienna, by way of Presburgii. General
MARMONT'S Corps marched into Carinthia, and
afterwards into Styria, to effect the junction be-
tween the Grand Army and that off Italy, and .
finally to. prevent the re-union of the Archduke
CHARLES with the Army under Gen.KUTVZOW;" •
but the movements of the Arclicituke -werei 1-natie`
in such a masterly manner, and his force so well'
concentrated, that he 4.0 'not, Ow the French time •
to. confine him.
.at Gratz. 'Mari dial NEY.,' after
passing the Inn, took his direction •to the Tyrol, by
way oL Sc carctitz._.•
" Hitherto; While,then,twoßussian Armies:Were
united near Wischau, ,Prince Mtitsvr's Corps—was
the only one that was _advanced beyond theta ; thiS-
corps was partly the French advanced guard. The •
corps under the Marshals SOIILT and LANNES) ,the
.Imperial Guards under. Marshal, BESSIERRS, and a
corps of Grenadiers drawn friim the whole, firming
a reserve 0f,15,000 men, were-comnianded by Gen.
Duitoc. The' Army near 13runn. consisted Of
eight Divisions, of abqdt 7000 men each. The.
Russian Army was so much fatigued by forced
marches, in order to approach its succourse•that -at •
Wischan it was determined they should • march by-
way of Olmutz, in Order that the troops should
enjoy a few 'days rest.. Opinion was.-at that time
Very. much .divided. The Russian advanced posts
had no kind of information relative to the•position
and the force of the Enemy.; and during a short
time even Prince BAGRATIIION was ignorant of -
the position of the French advanced guard. The
Austrians also, in spite of .the facility which they
ought to, ha''e possessed for procuring 'intelligence •:
ill the country,, in this respe& had nothing to de-
pend upon- but rumours extremely vague. How-
ever, it appeared soon' after this that the French
force was only concentrated -in small numbers '
near Brunn, and different Generals of the Cont-
billed Army advised, at Wischau; that the offert.-,
sive shuuld be renewed. It is possible that' this
moment would have been a retie happy one tlriii
that which was chosen at a laterperiod. The fir:yes
Of the Combined Army were, from the igth of
NoVember, superior to those of
.the Enemy, who
was ignorant-of the jun&ion which the two Russian •
Armies hi4d made, and could not be prepared to.
expeCt a movement on the ofinsive, such as.every.
manceuvre upon one of his flanks woula have-been.
BUt this very division of opinion, perliap3, rendered
the movement upon Ohnutz necessary, because
those who commanded had not that energy tivltitii .
aloPe 'gives the coup d'a?..i/ to war.
"...The Army set out on the 21st oiNovember from
Wischau, and two days after took a position
Ohnutz. It was oil N0v.,23 that •the Army tc,oit.

OUR Letter from Dover this morning states,
that' a report was very current there that the
Preliminaries of Peace had been signed between
this Country and France. It cannot be necessary
for us to assure our Readers that this report is
entirely without foundation ; and we should not
bate even attended to it, but that we wish again
to caution the public against rumours which will
• 4
now be almost hourly circulated; of the Preliminaries
hi.'iug been signed, or of the Negotiation having
been broken off, tic. &c. just as the interest of the
person who fabricates the: report may 'happen to
dictate. When any authentic intelligence shall ar-
rive, we may venture contidently to 'state,' that we
shall be at least as early as any of our competitors in
communicating it to the Public.
Yesterday morning a
,Messenger, with Dis-
patches for ,Lord LAUDERDLR, arrived at Deal,
immediately embarked on board a Gun-beat.

for Calais.—The Clyde Frigate, which conveyed
Lord LAUDERDALE to_France, has returned to the
Downs. His Lordship was not expe&ed to reach
Paris ill this tnOrning.

Wa received last night a Hanzturgh Paper of the
26thnit. which is one day later than those brought
by the Mail which arrived on Saturday. The only
intelligence of importance which it contains is, that
the Prussian Troops on the frontiers of Pomerania
have received consideratile reinforcements, and that
it was expe&ed thqt they would enter that Pro-
.vince and commence hostilities on the 25th ult.—
Notwithstanding these threatening ajpearauces,
we think it highly probable that the differences
between these Powers will be adjusted with-
out an appeal to arms. The KING' Of SWEDE/4
has not only manifested a. most rigid adherence to
Treaties, but has displayed a degree of magnaniMity
which entitles him to the admiration of mankind.
We trust, however, this gallant Prince will not force
on a contest which now can have no object, and
which might be attended with- disastrous conse-
quences 'to him unless he derived effe&ual as-
sistance from 'Russia, The Emperor ALEXANDER
-would, we have no doubt, in the event of a War be-
tween Siveden and Prussia, striEtly adhere to the
Treaties by which he is bound to support the for-
mer ; but the assistance which is given merely in
compliance with the terms of a Treaty is essentially
different from that cordial and waive co-operation
which perhaps, in the present posture of 'affairs, is
not to be expeaecr. His Imperial Majesty is using
all his influence to effea a reconciliation, and we
think his efforts mustbe successful.

Letters from Holland state, ',that the new King is
making very great retrenchments, particularly in the
Army, which is to be very considerably reduced;
but it is not stated that the number of French
Troops in Holland are to be diminished ; we do not
think that would be a very prudent measure, even
in the event of a Peace.

WE have received American Papers to the 2gth of
June.—The latest accounts of MIRANDA fully con firm
all we have' said in opposition to the reports so confi-
dently urged, that his Expedition hadentirely failed.
We stated, that the loss of .the two Schooners was
chiefly to be regretted on account of the- treatment
which the unfortunate Captives were likely to re-
ceive from the Agents of the Spanish Govern-
ment, and that MIRANDA would certainly re-
new the attempt. We stated also, that the ge-
neral sentiments of the people were in favour of
MIRANDA, and that they would resolutely assist
him, as, in
_fa& the whole purpose of his plan was
to rescue them from a miserable state of subjeaion
little.different from absolute slavery., This state-
ment we doubt not that the inext accounts will
abundantly confirm, as it is very probable he has by
this time obtained the powerful co-operation of Bri-
tish force ; and that, seconded by the efforts of the
Natives, he may be confidently expecaed ,to put an
end to the feeble Government of the Spaniards. Tt .
may be urged, indeed, that the delay produced by
the temporary obstruelion of MIRANDA'S 'design; has .
afforded the Spanish Government more opportunity
to prepare for defence ; but as the hopes of freedom
have been delayed in the same proportion, there,.
will probably be an increased eagerness to pit-
mote his success, and in such a state 'of things
all barriers must be weak when opposed by the
general spirit of a ,people. The public may depend
on the authenticity of the last accounts respe&ing
this extraordinary Enterprize, if any thing can be
extraordinary in these eventful times.

The Transports, with the Troops which embarked
et Ramsgate, sailed yesterday with a fair wind for
Portsmouth.

LETTERS brought by the Lisbon Mail state,- that
BONAPARTE has demanded of Spain that CatalOnia,
Navarre, Arragen, and Biscay, should be ceded, to
France. We do ,not know whether this report be
entitled to credit, but it was circulated some-months
ago, and mentioned in this Paper. It is also stated,
that BONAPARTE has insisted upon His Catholic
Majesty's receiving an Ambassador from the new
King of Naples.

Mr. Fox, we are assured, remains in nearly the
same state as yesterday.
The promenade on the Terrace, on Sunday even-
ing was most numerously attended'; the Royal Fa-
mily, viz. the KING, QUEEN, and PRiNCESSES, inade
their appearance about seven o'clock, and walked
till half-past eight. Their MAJESTIES Were in high
health and .spirits, and the beautiful and beneficent
countenances of the Pity:crssEs; as they folloWed
their Royal Parents, seemed feelingly, though 'silent-
ly, to express how happy they Were to witness it.—
None of the Royal Dukes were present; but the
crowd of persons of rank andlashion'was so im-
mense, the Royal Family were nearly an hour before
they had paid the usual compliments of gratulation,
which is always done at the upper.end of the Ter-
race, before they commence the promenade for, the
evening. In the circle were, the Marquis of SALIS-
EUEY,Lords HAWItESBITRY, RIVERS, and ST. HE-
LEN'S, and several dignified Clergy.

The Great Park, immediately under the Terrttee,
displayed a shew equal in point of numbers,.though
not so'croWded together, from; the ample space they
had to walk in ; but it was far more variegated than
the other, from the greater 'number of military,
dressed in red and blue, than could have admission
to the Terrace; and, from the .fineness of the .eVen-
ing, formea a oup d'mil much easier to be :con-
ceived then described, The streets of Windsor were
crowded with carriages on each side, an snchselus-
ters, that a foreigner would naturally suppose thei-e
was some jubilee or carnival, like that of Venice.
It was past nine before the company left the Ter-
race.

Yesterday an overland paCket was received at the
East India House, which brings no intelligence of a
.11terdate than has been already received. . His Ma-
jesty's Ship Antelope, with the East India Compa-
ny's &lip Dover Castle, Capt. RICHARDSON, and the
fleet which sailed from Portsmouth. thc ipth of June,
(Indus, WELTDER, Tottenham, JONES, Huddart,
BAYLIFV, Harriet, LYNCH, Lord Eldon, Yourlo,
Lord ,Keith, RAVAGE,. and Oceans M`TAGGART),
Were off Madeira the 27th of that month.
:Letters from Madeira state, that Sir JOHN Bort-
Lasz ,WARAEN, who arrived off that- island on the
igth of June, sailed on the 21st' for the West Indies,
The report of the renewal of hostilities in India
arose from the condu& of a refradory Zemindar,
who bad the command of `the Fort of Goltud, and
who refused to give it up, according to the terms of
the Treaty of Peace. The British forces, therefore,
were under the necessity of taking it by storm.
The French General, MICHAUD; has began to
set the example of 'giving splendid fetes in Holland.
A very fine entertainment of this kind took place at
the Hague a few nights ago. • If thin species of
amusement should become prevalent in Holland, the
heavy cbara6ter of the Dutch will be changed into the
airy gaiety of Frenchmen. They might, indeed, en
deavour to shake off their spleen by dancing if they
were not, by a Royal squeese, so lamentably corn-
pelled " t,o pay the piper."
There was no Court of Aldermen held to-day.
The LORD MAYOR, after inspe&ing the returns of the
Mealweighers, ordered the price of Bread to remain
as last week.

Sunday morning, at five o'clock, a duel was fought
on Hounslow Heath, between Captain G•.-••••"'N and
4' Captain After exchanging five shots each,
Captain G----N received a bullet in the thigh.
Two young men, of fashionable appearance, have
been committing depredations in, the Metropolis, by
ordering goods to be sent to different houses, chiefly
uninhabited, and defrauding trades-people of the
same. In two instances houSes have been taken by
the offenders, in order to carry on the cheat the bet-
ter ; and when the goods were delivered, they were
immediately removed, and the, tradesman and the
landlord of the house left in a similar predicament.
They are accompanied about town by two dashing
females, who are by no means backward in promot-
ing the artifices of their gallants.
At a Provincial Assembly,
,an Irish Gentle Man;
who danced with great spirit, though not perhaps
with all the grace of a VESTRIS, was observed by
a Maccaroni., who immediately began mimicking
, him in the most extrixagant manner. The Irish-
man took no notice- for some
,time , but Seeing
himself the, 'general objea of laughter, came very
deliberately up to 'the mimic, and asked, " Why
he presumed to take him 03-'?" ". You, Sir, !"
the other, " you mis!ake thi, matter ;, it is my.natu-
ral way., of dancing." " It. is,", says the Hiber-
nian, seemingly accepting the e&cusr.:, " Well ! to
be sure, nobody can help what's natural ; but
hark ye, my friend, be sure you continue in that
natural step all night ; for, by G-d, it you once
attempt to make it artificial, I will brea:-. every
bone in your skin."
', • A very distressing accident occurred on Saturday
to two Gentlemen; returning to Brighton, in a one-
' horse gig; from Lewes :—As they had nearly got to
the bottom of the Hill, close to Lewes Barracks, the
horse became restive, and overturned the gig.; which
rolled over and over, on account of the descent;
both the Gentlemen were entangled with the traces,
which the horse broke, and ran off towards Lewes.
The two Gentlemen were immediately conveyed to
the Surgeon's Room of Lewes Barracks • they are a
Mr. Adams, an attorney ; and a.Mr. Pollard. Mr.
Adams's leg is broken ; it is a cqmpound fra6ture.
He remains at the Barracks. Mr. Pollard's face is
cut, but not badly ; he is nnich recovered:
On Saturday evening, as the Norwich double-
bodied coach was turning the corner by the Eagle,
at SnareSbrook, on its way to Norwich, it was over-
turned. There were 14 persons on the outside, one
of whom had two ribs broken, and an arm ; a
Clergyman, an inside passenger, had his arm
broken ; another received a: violent contusion on his
head; the coachmansplintered the small bone of
his leg ; and many others were severely hurt:.
Friday se'nnight a most shocking murder was
perpetrated in the fields between Roc•.eston and Ca-
. binteely, near Dublin. .The unfortunate vi6tim was
a servant out of place, who had gone into the coun-
try fbr the purpose of earning a subsistence by hay-
making : he was.avell-dressed, and had a watch.—
These, it'apPears, were the causes of, his unhappy
catastrophe. A villain, who was working in the
same field, under pretence of bringing him to an
employer, who gave higher wages, inveigled him
into the fields, where. he knocked lain down
with the handle of his pitchfork, and afterwards,
with' the- prongs, stabbed him repeatedly in the
body, • which. was found the succeeding morning
naked—the wretch. having fled with the clothes
and watch. •

A feW days since the following singular incident
happened at North Curry, near Taunton : a woman,
Who is a basket-maker in that neighbourhood, out
of revenge to a poor labourer who had built a hut
on 4 spot •of waste land, near her orchard, under-
took, at different times, to dilate het' ditch beyond
its lawful bounds, so as to undermine the poor fel-
low's ,habitation, with a design to throw it down :
after making a' hearty meal, she swore that she
would finish her work before she slept, and at last
completed her heinous intention; the house fell, and
she was crushed to death, and appeared, a most
shocking espeaacle. Luckily the poor man, and one
of his children, who were at that time in the.hoUse,
escaped unhurt, though they were in imminent
danger. ' ... •
