WESTMINSTER ELECTION.

(From the Times.)
The public will perceive the situat'ol in which West-
minst,r swirls. There is no evil that In ay not yet be
repaired to the cause of steady, constitutional reform•
There is a constituency of upwards of ten thousand, and a
fourth had not voted last night. We also must spurn at
the idea of giving a fresh denial to the absurd falsehood
that Sir John Hobliouse has not finally given up hi
place in the Ministry. Why pretend to give it up ? Wb

not retain both that and his seat as the representative of
Westminster ? He was under no necessity, other than
that which a sense of honour imposes to relinquish either;
but now he is fallen. if not on " evil days," at least on
"evil toilettes." Are these calumnies to he suffered to
prevail ? Will people rush forward open-mouthed to swal-
low a lie? Now, electors of Westminster, with respect to
this: union between Wakley and Evans, we know not
what you may think of it; to us it is disgusting. Wak-
ley wants a man to do a little red-coat business for him ;
that is, he mean• (if he has any meaning), to shed blood.
Whose blood? Whom does he want Evans to destroy ?
Why destroy them openly? Wakley is a doctor, or some-
thing of that kind ; cannot he effect his purpose more se-
cretly? Instead of the dagger which he would put into
Evans's hand, c innot the deeds he wishes be more adroitly
done by drugs ? Ile was once a candidate for the coroner-
ship. What a situation for such a man ! Why, even
without the addiion of bullets to boluses, of bayonets to
blisters, he would have cut out more work for himself
than ever his friend, the tailor, cut out even in the very
zenith of his fashioning career ; while the hero of the
sheers would have realized a fortune by making shroud-,
and Parson Wade would have become as rich as a Cardi-
nal by burial fees. What a trio to foist a representative
upon the respectable tradesmen of Westminister ! But
to be serious, is it possible that the Westminster
Liberals can return a Member under the dictation of such
men as these? Are the " Conservatives" also anxious to
join this trumpery triumverate, and fight under the ban-
ners of the " Wakley-Wellington," leading on " Wakley's
Own" to " red.coat business on their own account?'
The pall of this day will show. We fear not the result.
(From the Morning Herald.)
The metropolitan boroughs are acting with firmness
and determination in regard to the assessed taxes. Perse-
verance in a constitutional Course, a steady adherence to a
line of conduct net betrayed by weakness nor disgraced by
violence must insure the triumph of their just cause.
The Ministers have resolved to grant no substantial re-
lief to the people from fiscal oppres,ion, but they must soon
find it expedient to change their tone unless the people be
false to themselves.

We condemned the violence displayed at the Westmin-
ster hustings on the day of the nomination of the new
candidates, because a free people have neither a necessity
nor an excuse for the adoption of any other than moral
means to correct abuses in the state or vindicate their own
rights. All violence indicates weakness, but the worst
sort of violence is that exercised by a crowd of persons
towards an individual who has incurred, however justly,
their political dislike. Convinced, as we were, that
Sir John Hobhouse had, from his anxiety to keep
on good terms with Government, deceived his con-
stituents, and attempted to cover his desertion
of their cause by an unworthy manceuvre, we knew
at the same time, that the electors of Westminster
had the means of punishing his defection in their own
bands. They bad only to mike an honest use of a great
political privilege in a constitutional way, and they
would thereby not only exercise retributive justice in
the particular instance of delinquency, but set a great
moral example to the other constituencies of the empire,
and afford an instructive warning to other representatives,
who may be disposed to sacrifice their duty and their
promises to their own selfish views. The result of yes-
terday's poll shows that Westminster has, at length,
awakened to a sense of the enthralled conditioo in which
it has bee❑ long held, and that it will not much longer
bear the yoke of the tricky junta that had reduced it to
pretty nearly the state of a rotten borough. It is true the
conflict is not yet decided, hut enough has happened to
prove that a large majority of Westminster electors will
never a taro shout at the heels of a Member who avoids the
arena of Parliament when military flogging or the assessed
taxes are und,r discussion, and on most other occasions
is centent to be a " silent ornament of the Treasury
Benches." The resolution passed by the inhabitants of
Shoreditch, calling on Dr. Ltishington to resign his seat,
is the natural consequence of the desertion of the inte-
rests of his constituents on the important subject of the
assessed taxes, to the abolition of whic't he had most
vehemently pledged himself by the exceedingly strong
resolution which he moved against those taxes at the
Crown and Anchor only a few days before! The
Doctor is, like ourselves, an advocate for the aboli-
tion of negro slavery ; but we confess we cannot, like
the Doctor, limit our liberal and phil inthropic sympa-
thies to the oppressed African race. We think there are
duties of humanity and patriotism to be performed at
home! We are of opinion that the industrious and
over-taxed population of England are entitled to some re-
lief. We cannot but suspect that philanthropy which is
active and vigorous three or four thousand miles away,
and is deadened in its sensibilities towards the o'jects of
Chri-tian commiseration in its native land. Mr. Hawes
and Mr. W. Brougham have received a lesson which, we
trust, will bring with it instruction. Caring, as we do,
nothing for parties, hut looking solely to the public inte-
rests, we think that when public men pursue an indirect
course of ambition, they ought to be made to pay the
price. We believe that many Members of the present
obsequious House of Commons will, when the day of
reckoning comes, at another general election, find it their
best course to return into the insignific ince and the ob-
scurity from which they came.
(From the Morning Post )
We sincerely hope that the supporters of Mr. Escott
will press forward to the poll to-day at the earliest possible
time. The victory is in their hands if they choose to win
it, for the number of votes polled is too small in compa-
rison to the amount of the constituency to have much effect
on the result of the election ; and we earnestly exhort the
gentlemen and tradesmen of Westminster to rescue their
city from the disgrace of mob domination.

WESTMINSTER ELECTION-(THIS DAY

STATE OF THE POLL.
TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Evans
Hobhouse
Escort

1390
122
622
