the trial, which will be a page in the history of France
under its new organization."
That the trial o► Republican prisoners under Louis
PHILIPPE—the vowed defender of Republicans and
Republican institutions—will afford materials for a
page to the future historians of France is a fact
known to every political writer in Europe. But in
what light will the Citizen KING be represented—in
what position must he be placed in that page—if the
historian be a man of integrity and ability ? What
will be thought of the mad freaks of a Sovereign
—to use the mildest language—who employs his
spies to hatch treasons, in order to entrap men
too honest to behold unmoved the apostacy of
their KING, and the destruction of the liberties
of their country ? Louis PHIL LIPPE knew well that
he had nothing to fear from conspiracies among his
people ; but he was equally certain that, in order to
shackle France—to harness her to the car of a regal
despot—it would be necessary to break the spirit of the
people, and to confound their just notions of liberty
and slavery by the slow and iniquitous process of trea-
sonable prosecution. There was another result which
he foresaw must follow, provided his agents assisted
him as he desired—namely, the banishment of the
only men who were capable of frustrating his designs
against the freedom of France. The persons now
under trial for high treason, were serpents and adders
biting the heels of the conqueror's charger, to the
manifest danger of the royal rider's neck. The KING
hated them because they acted as checks upon him.
Once clearly and safely rid of them, and he ima-
gines he will have nothing more to fear from
a broken-hearted and an oppressed people. As
to the Republicans, they are as strong as impunity
to their leaders can make them. What is more, they
know their own strength, and if disposed to take up
arms at all, will have the best opportunity in the event
of the punishment of the prisoners. The strength of
the KING depends upon the loyalty of the National
Guard, and the National Guard is essentially a popular
body, whose interests are interwoven with the welfare of
the country. According to the latest accounts from
Brody, the number of houses burnt on the 29th of
April is 318. Besides this, several magazines were
destroyed, and the injury done is very great.

The German papers bring adviceS from Greece to
the 19th of April. They state that the Samians, who
for so many years resisted the power of the PORTE,
have flung themselves into the arms of the SULTAN,
and that their emissaries have been received at the Di-
van with sentiments of marked cordiality. The source
through which we receive this information is ra-
ther suspicious ; but, if true, we are prepared
to re-echo the sentiments of our German contem-
porary, relative to the sacred nature of the European
compact with Greece :—the Kingdom must be pre-
served from the mutual encroachments of Turkey on
the one side, and Russia on the other. Neither the
Russian eagle nor the crescent of MoHAmmED shall
ever, with the consent of England, overshadow a
foot of Grecian territory.

We have received the whole of the Paris papers of
Sunday. On Saturday the Secret Committee ap-
pointed to report upon the Message to the Peers—
relative to the letter addressed to the prisoners in the
columns of the Tribune—sent an order to the two
Deputies whose signatures were affixed to the libellous
document, commanding them to appear before it.
M. AUDRY DE PUYRAVEAU was from home, but
M. CORMENIN immediately attended, and assured
the Committee, that so far from being a consenting
party to the publication of the letter, he did not
eren know of its existence before he read a
copy of it in the columns of the Tribune.
This assurance was received by the Committee as
quite satisfactory, and the Secretary would have drawn
up the report forthwith, had M. AUDRY DE PUYRA-
VEAU attended the Committee with equal promptness.
As it was, the Comiriittee, after acquitting M. COR-
MENIN of all participation in the publication of the
letter complained of by the Peers as a breach of privi-
lege, ordered that the inquiry should be postponed till
Monday, when it was expected that M. AUDRY DE
PUYRAVEAU would be in readiness to give his at-
tendance. Should his explanation correspond with the
declaration of M. CORMENIN, there will be an end of
the matter, as far as regards the Chamber of Deputies;
although, by going so far, it has permitted the Peers
to trample upon its privileges.

Thus, after the mighty fuss that the Peers have
made about this paltry affair, the only victim is likely
to be the unfortunate, and already incarcerated, Edi-
tor of the defunct Tribune. There is not a person
whose signature is affixed to the obnoxious letter, but
is free to follow the example of M. CORMENIN, and
if so, there is at once an end of the business. The Peers
have no evidence but the letter itself; no proofs save
such as may be elicited from the alleged writers, when
under examination. But the KING will have gained
his principal end in ordering it to be prosecuted ; for,
in the first place, discredit will be thrown upon the
authenticity of the document ; and in the next, the
Government will appear to have braved real danger,
and to have achieved a moral victory. This is poor
policy at the best—poorer still, where its drift is so
perceptible. This tilting with closed helmet and
lance in rest, against every object that darkens
the list, betrays inert terror rather than true valour.
Did the KING not tremble for his throne—were
he not morally convinced that the danger to
which he is exposed is not wholly undeserved,
we should hear of no such valorous exploits as the
prosecution of a defunct newspaper. But the KING
would he thought omnipotent—he would have it be-
lieved that the grave offers no asylum from his venge-
ance—that he can, and if incensed will, re-animate to
punish. Short-sighted despot I Such shallow schemes
would be detected by the infant offspring of French-
men, in the nineteenth century.
Marshal SOULT has addressed the following letter
to the President of the Court of Peers. It conveys a
severe and just censure on the conduct of his col-
leagues :
" Saint Amans, May 8.
it have just learnt that the Court of Peers does not
admit of the excuses which I tendered in the letter which I
had the honour to write to you on the 14th of April. I thought
that the Court would have appreciated the motives which in-
duced me to abstain from joining in the exercise of the judicial
functions with which it is at present invested, and would also
have perceived the cause of my reserve in not making them
known to it. But since the Court has rejected my appeal, it
is now my duty to explain these motives and this reserve.
My motives were, that owing to the measures which I was
obliged, as Minister of War, to take in April, 1834, I did not
conceive that it was fit for me to take a part in the present
trial. The reserve which influenced me on this occasion,
arose from my feeling it was not my province to prescribe a
line of conduct to any of my colleagues. I have the honour,
Sir, to beg of you to lay this letter before the Court.
( Signed) " The Marshal Duke of DALMATIA."
In the Chamber of Deputies, on Saturday, the de-
bate was confined to the subject of petitions, and a
grant for the support of the Police Establishment. Lord
EL io T, and Col. GURWOOD had along interview with
the KING previous to their departure for London. They
are reported to have expressed themselves dissatisfied
with the progress of the war in the North of Spain.

We are happy to learn that at Manchester a peti-
tion is in course of signature in favour of the poor men who
have been transported in consequence of a law of the existence
of which they were entirely ignorant. Whilst Orange lodges
are permitted and sanctioned, it is most iniquitous to visit with
the heavy penalties of the law any less injurious association.
—Blackburn Gazette.
