THE GREEK SLAVES IN EGYPT.

We copy from the ilfoniteur of TueedAY,
with very great siitiAlitetion, the followin,g hirticfe,
which proves the cordial uncierstaudiug that b-
si,its between that Government and our own.

" Our troops oocupy the fortreosef of the
Mores,—a happy result, has nut foot a
drop of blood. In thi.3 general struggle we
hare seen the English rival our warriors im zeal,
their ship have ooneurred with aloft of F.-anoe
in the deliverance of the Moree ; anti tl,• fleas
of the three Powers, partief to tho Tr2aty of tr.
6th of July, wave in unisou over the walls of the
fortresses of New Greece.

" While finch events were being developed, au
expedition, entirely of humanity, is executing,
without 1101S4J, by order of the King, whose ge-
nerous heart avails itself with ardour of every
occasion to dry tears and to relieve misfortune.
" It is known that a great number of Greeks
had been sent into slavery in Egypt. His Ma-
jesty ordered hip Minister's for i'oreign Affairs
and the Marine to &end two connnissioners to
Egypt, to re-purchase as many of these slaves as
possible, and restore them to freedom and their
country.
" This miabion was confided to AL de St.
Leger, Aide-de-Camp to General Alaison, and
Groa, a diplomatic agent, known by the
services he rendered at Lisbon.

" The f.liow•iug is part of the oorreopoudwice
of those cornmi&iotiers

" Ws have learnt by M. Drovetti, Consul-
General of Frauee in Egypt, that the ei:sieet part
of our task was already performed, and that.
Admiral Codrington having been sent here in
the name of the Three Powera, had signed a
.geise h
to souM
m
treaty on the 10th of August, b
hamed Ali hinds himself to teaks his
re-
storelbral e evacuatunsoldecithreeoAklgioarevtest, andat engages hick
disposal.
The number of Greeks of that desuription
only amounted to 180 men, who were placed
immediately by the Paella in the hands of Ad-
miral Codriugtou, who shipped them off to the
Morea under convoy of the French brig Alacriik.
" ' As to the slaves sold to individuals, and
dispersed throughout Egypt, the Paella ha.;
pledged himself by the same treaty to use his
good offices to assist the European Consuls is
liberating them ;
have embraced the Mahowetan
This last clause renders our mission very
the children, treaty,it.oe:lieewdrilial:;;;lePtotw:ll:ieetliliv;eas:l:•dtteiojerisettt)lif'if:l4eoirrietfaut:r:ca
and harsh treatment, have compelled to change
their religion.
" We intend going to Cairo, to bring back
with us as many Greek slaves as we shall be able
to ransom, as they are very numerous in that
city. M. Drovetti bas asked for and obtained
the Greek convent and hospital at Alexandria,
to be used as our depot, until the liberated slaves
may be embarked. Residing under the same
taken of the sick, and watch over the res.! more
irnot,oo,f,,t
ivfNi
eve
We
dall.l,
eb
sixiahle
etlo,ercy.ause proper care to be
carefully ; and as soon as a sufficient number
on board a ship
It is impossible to form an idea of the btat, to
shall have been ecnolgleeagtee,di,fiv,vretisllauitlilmeinp:obsearkutlohzt.
which some of those unfortunate-men are reduced.
You must see thew to conceive the whole extent
of
tohfosethewiliouliseirty.wouWld'e
them starving to such a degree, that they dis-
puted with dogs its the Birett3 the offal thrown
tpnoeaut:bleiotoourraip:viner.
heGwreehikch we have collected proves
slave* in Alexandria, and
ttiohlaldtu
informationoeivre:
ut n r
is greater than we had origi-
nally imagined. We shall neglect no step to
redeem as many as possible, and we hope that-
one of us (M. de St. Leger) will be able to
take 400 with him to the 3Jorea before the end
of October. be possible °bserYsj
"nu

individuals from a
" ' Whilst witnessing so much wretchedneta
it ii
would be a barbarouc heart that would nut
ft
eoe ir
etliileev ed e4£ol).mal s t interest
state of the hardest slavery. We aball therefore
use every means to execute, in the mast „w_
pl .ete manner we can, the generous intentioni of
his Majesty. It was worthy of a desettidauit of
T uia andppy the
St. Louis to &end for and ranwin unfortunate
Christians, in that very Country where, wine agcy
ago, his ancestor was near
pemliiiir, a victim to
.
his humanity and his zeal for re!izik:u.' "

Cowl O'Coxxigi.t. it hao t;c4114 pia
cerewl biped khg petitiou tor a Unioa, with all Lid faaa44,
tM Leah LA slit year IM•••Cr* Co****o4o4,

MANNERS OF THE DUTCH.

Gaouw, OCT. 12.—The Frisian peasant is
early at his labours. He rises in summer at
three, or half-past three, in the morning, whan
the cows are milked, the butter churned, and the
curds sent to the cheese-press. The hired la-
bourers assemble at five o'clock, and the opera-
tions of agriculture are carried on till eight
o'clock. It is the custom-of some to dine at
this hour, and then to rest till ten o'clock, when
they resume their labours till two o'clock, when
they eat a slice of rye bread and butter, and
drink a cup of tea. The others lireakfast,
and at nine o'clock commence their toils.
These dine at twelve o'clock. The labours of
the day end at six o'clock in the afternoon,
and at eight or nine o'clock the whole pea-
sant population is at rest. During the sum-
mer months the dinner hour is usually eight
o'clock in the morning ; but on Sundays it is
shifted to eleven o'olock ; while through the
winter it is invariably at mid-day. The thresher
is earlier at his occupation than the others: he
begins his day at two or three e'cloals in the
morning, and ends at the same hour in the after-
noon. The Frisians have their harvest home.
It is held on the Saturday which follows the
gathering in of the last of the crop. All are in-
vited who have shared in the toils of the season.
The feast consists of routed mutton,. raisins,
apples, prunes, &c.; and coffee, with Geneva
and brandy, close the gastronomic interest of the
festivity ; but dances and sports last through 4
good part of the night.
The Sunday is almost without exception, a
day of rest and enjoyment. The peasants go
once or twice to the parish church, and after-
wards visit their relations and friends. They
assemble in the evening at the publie-house,
when their amusement is frequently a game called
Knuppelen. A cat is enclosed inn._ barrel, and
the sport is to hurl a stick from i certain distance,
and so to break the barrel that grimalkin may
escape. Many other feats are
,performed by
throwing the stick. 'ln'awinteia cards are the
amusement ; and,, on '
.smoking.
The pipe is the eternal Compaisipas the
The y‘fung peasants frequently sit up the whole
night with their lovers, when the parents have
retired to rest. I believe moral improprieties
seldom occur in conseqnlrice.
The fairs and markets. t 'Friesland are worthy
of a word. The former ainair once a-year, in
the principal towns and-,villagee;seridsare inueli
frequented. Dancers publie-liniisee, at-
tracted by itinerant musicians ; and there is fre-
quently a horse-race, in which nothing swifter
than a trot is allowed, the prize being an orna-
mented whip or.a pair of sprthi. The fair is the
understood rendezvous of lovers ; and here the
youth displays his gallantry by his liberal expen-
diture. The sports are often tumultuous, last-
ing the' whole night long--tea, coffee, wines, and
spirits, Are introduced. Tlie 'fanners habitually
attend a neighbouring market once `s-week.-=-
There are particular epochs yfhen the assemblage
is almost universal. Such is that of the middle
of May at Leeuwarden. This period is a very
important one,. as it is then that sorsrents change
their situations (the 13th of May, and generally
take a holiday of some days, anti visit the-prin-
eipal taani of the district, wiaen a succession of
dances and other amusements consoles them' for
the anticipated toils of the' coming year.
Marriafe, as I have before mentioned, is
only a civil rite in the Netherlands. It belongs
to the Magistrate, and not td Ole Prick. It is
an affair that concerns the State and not the
Church. As the laws make no distinction be-
tween sects, and are held to provide for the gene-
ral security, as they deem of equal importance
that the birth, marriage, and death, of every in-
dividual, should be registered with equal care—
all titles to property become of easy ascertain-
meat ; and the. history of every individual, as re-
spects the points on which society hae an inte-
rest, is registered by the officers of the State,—
"What a contrast to the confusion which reigns
in England, vrhare a child must belong to the
Establishment to have its birth noted in the
parish books, and the record is not of birth, but
of baptism, where the grown persons . must
married (however annoying the ceremonial may
be) by theyarish priest, in order to obtain a
legitimate evidence,---and where no Fltce
but the parish church-yard can give their
successor the privilege of a legal recognition of
the fact of decease ! In one of the towns of
Friesland I asked for the archives of the. inha-
bitants, and a book was shown me, in tvhicb the
day of birth, marriage, and death was written of
all parties to whom either of these e' eats had
happened within the district. On the girth of a
child (which the parent is bound to announce
within 24, hours), its name is entered in an al-
phabetical list. When married, the date is re-
corded underthe 'a ,
..ppropriate column, transferred
from the Inuntopal'aepprt, and so, when dead,
from the parochial return:
,The marriage cere-
DI Oliial is iimplet IlettCttninents aakee place a
the weddieg
parties attend, the I.6urgoe
fortnight before the- .frieliJS And
near relatives of time
niaster declares that the parties are legaily united
as soon as they have professed their mutual wil-
lingness,
he reads the article of the Code whichdeclares the oblikitions of the marriage state. All
the parties withdraw to a feast prepared at.the
house of the bride's friends. Every guest
bringe
apresent. Epithalamiums are frequently repeated
;
songs and dancing often last till the morning
dawns.
On time birth of a child, or ratheroti the ninth
day alter the birth, notice is sent to all the fe-
male friends of the mother, and they assemble
frequently in great numbers, and sometimes to
the serious inconvenience of the convalescent.
Even amongst the lowest classes, tea, coffee,
wheaten bread, bum, sugared brandy, and rai-
sins, are given to the guests, each of whom.
brings some present for eating or drinking. .
'Hie 'funerals are remarkable. So much im-
portance yeas, attached to the " pomp of death,"
that it has been necessary for the authorities to
interfere, indirectly, an
order to prevent the su-
perfluous and ruinous expence attached to them.
°An immense number of persons are invited to
follow' the body to the grave; the village Parson
;
walks at the head of all the his wife Men
pre-
cedes all the women ; then follow the relations
of the deceased, clad, :f he were, of aespece
able situation, in Ana black cloaks. The
women wear a large black vein When the. p ace
of burial is distant, the corpse is conveyed in a
carriage, and the relations follow iii
.other car-
riages. As soon as the church-yard is reached,
the corpse is carried once, or more, 4)1 round
the church, it is lowered into the grave, a few
clods of earth are thrown on it in the preSei"
of the assembly, and the whole company returns
to the house recently occupied by the deceased,
where a feast is prepared in almost every room.
The parson and his lady take the head of the
table, and range near them the relations of the
defunct in the order of their proximity of .rela-
tionship., He utters a prayer at the commence-
