. ,
,
•
1-5r4
.
• -
.1° .5.:17;Th.,;
.... \ ,---.•:.-qv
. ..... _ ,i_..-.:.:4.4..$
g .- i 4"
,
.
c.: - ~. - ...,„.-c
te.„.- .-.„":y..... .
..----",
. have ess.
THE SUN, LONDON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1834. - '', •
.....____
,
t onside" EARL GR
COURT CIRCULAR.- . - •*-- .- -- ---
• enabled EY'S-3."irjs-----7--------'-------:--ME TO SCOTLAND. manifestations of public feeling -on our borders, given out in am afraid you will have hurt one another. I have been a portant services in the correction of errors into which, from shall noe preve.nt them by personal ebuse ;. but there
his a little
is
the present week over the county-during the time of harvest, good deal amongst croe ds, and k.now what they are ; but as hurry, and other ceeses, the House of. Common.s
.has fallen ; hairderwshwisslernsammry ear thatoaidnunissfcoormthinegmwhetmee nee()
p wsle- Viscount Melbourne left town on Saturday afternoci‘?Loitj -s.*;"'
lout it 111
hii.,inseLords(hFi ---ese--.
promarrtthe Kelso Chronide of Friday.) and while the weather was so tempestuous (as it was on lam now hardened to them, I think . nothing of them in as neveetheless, my opimons ageee ecore with the opinions preva r e men s
.p
ved in a carriage and four at Coldstream
sis life, be Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday), that the usual intercourse far as regards myself. lam only
,a,fraul you have hurt yoF.. lene in that Housee than with the opinions of the House to sPayP, that my opinions on this subject are visionary and splie- visit to the Earl and Countess Cowper, at their seat, pans_
I lis"ueou,nYteessterdaays a littl past three o'clock, accompanied by
respect and enthus7 was almost entirely suspended. It is purposed, with raprd eelves.--( Cheering, and
.cries of No, no.") I wo.eld w.ish which I now, unfoorturieateerlsy
afonrd mtoyhseislf belong. Yet it is but culatire, but there is nothing speculative and visionary in the hanger, near Hertford. The Earl of Gosford had an inter_
'Ma'esty's Go rnment, difference between 74-d. and 3d.-L-The same little bird whispers view at the Treasury with the Noble Viscount previous to his
jiscoverY • aossr. hlahhilyeda onnumhiesmapups rFooancehonwristeh tohfethu temroes-t to the more distant deputatnionsi, that
.the one frhom Hhawhick to encourage everfytthreadlea:vn tbevredreennesxleft
aonn:l, which, liket
tfoairmtoitllew Hmonuese, f P
h notwithnnding the -deejp prejudivcees which that a few months, perhaps, will show if there be. departure.
;in which preparations had beeAn
spectable inhabitantsa vsheetall join:set
i!sreooepeleedinegf
tDheenheeo
tmhe as
nr%l pmaseseest
tthero
jufcihntr aht it%
eoswnl tmraedaen
to
nAeneSslsatrhyink the-y
yentertain, they have done to better the institutions of the A short time after, Mr. Burnett, in a bumper, wished good The Right Hon. Charles Grant visited Viscount Pgmer-
m.aedtetzsyrnhiasnrdeeneepigtillohuyrhaoootlo.mmSiottmeee ill g, he doctor.' (Greayt cheering.)
n which il
and Ancrum deputations at Borijedwyard village and all prgo- the fewer broken limbs, and the less broken peace, the better, country, to improve the laws, and to promote the cause of the night to the company, which then bro.ke up. ston, on Saturday, at the Foreign-office. Count d'Aglie, the
of the inhabitants teump.hal arch of shrubs and flowers ceed itn ?ne bod ! with bands of musi and banners • and it is This is the first public meeting which I have addeessed in people. I know that when the Reform Bill was passed, all The dinner, furnished by Mr. Mollison,.of the Union Hotel, Sardinian Minister, transacted business at the Foiseign-oifice,
rose for s had been raised aer
to indrs d they wyill meet the deput t. e fom Melrnse, Gala Scotland since I became Chancellor ; and some people will those who opposed the Bill with one voice said, that it would was excellent, and gave universal satisfaction. on Saturday.
tine:id:lit teheartewho' tt eh bridge, o.ver the keystone. of the
irelcs the
wide
tcak.e t e (now.) ideal of demarcation be_ sexpe
hi lse eand St Boswell's! at the saoluetnhsenvd of Kelso Bridge- perhaps think that lam a radical for so doing ,• but I would be utterly impossible that the Government of the country Mr• Duff, and his excellent band of music, occupied the Viscount Althorp has left. the resid.ence of his. father, AL
n ingdoms ; it was surmounted by a Scot-
blessittgg fish thistle--and from the centre of the arch there was a pen- al,oieng's.t which 'it is thou ht the whole will pass about twelve' wish -them to know that lam no radical. I again return could go on for one week under the Reform Bill-that it orchestra,. and Played airs appropriate to the toasts, in their thorp Park, Northamptonshire, for his seat, Wiseton Hall,
Bawtry, Yorkshire.
dant flag bearing the inscription- o clock noon, and aftergresting for an hou.r, proceed at one th.ank! for the reception you have given me and I trust oe would be impossible that the elections could go on in peace-- usual admirable manner.
THE DEPARTURE.
sntages 01
" SCOTLAND HAILS WITH JOY THE APPROACH OF HER o'clock from the Knows towards Floors to meet and escort the will disperse." ' y that the security of the country would not be worth a day's
object of their mission into the Market-place, where the The crowd cheered loudly at the conclusion of the address, purchase, and. that the Reform Bill would only be the begin- When the Lord Chancellor left the d.inner party he pro- .
WINDSOR, SEPT. 14.
,
)f 11°811 several addresses will be presented to his Lordship, on the nnd speedily dispersed. The Lord Chancellor soon afterwards ning of a series of desperate and rash changes-of confusion ceeded to Mr. B.annerman's house in M.anschal-street, where ~.....---
PATRIOT GREY !"
tAhetreeither bend of the arch theje vere fl,ags, on one of which balcony prepared for the purpose. His Lordship and Lady left the inn, and went to Trinity-hall, agreeably to the invite- without, and hasty and crude legislation within Parliament-7 he passed the night. Yesterday morning he breakfasted at Ceptein.Ress arrived at. the Castle on Friday evening,by
was inscribed the yro,rd Liberty, ' and the other " Re- are to dine at Floors, Where they will meet some of the gentry tion given him by the Incorporated Trades. that the institutions of the country would be held up to rich- Arthur-seat, Mr. Bannerman's summer residence, which he special invitation from their Majesties, and left yesterday. The
hose wh° (fbwrinei•',' On his Lordship s reaching the centre of the bridge of the Border.
PROCEEDINGS IN TRINITY-HALL, cule and disgrace, and falling from abuse into contempt, would left between eleven and twelve o'clock for Brechin Castle, gallant Captain has just returned fr?m a tour to the northern
• ew alibi ie cie Was densely crowded b eo le of all ages, sexes, and The Lord Chancellor having entered the Hall, accompanied be torn down and tr?dden under foot. This was what the ene- where he eras t? dine with Baron Panmure. It is expected
ir tnitB), the whole aesemblager Puntsovered their heads--and THE LORD CHANCELLOR'S VISIT TO by the Provost and Magistrates, took his seat beside the Chair- Ties of Reform said. We may now speak-wise by expe- that he will this day yrzeeed to Edlnburgh, by the wae of captalc;
deft. Europe, at each of which he was treated with
ml,i
ie inction by tie Sovereigtes.
be
nence. Then we had only reason on our side, erow we have the Dundee, ieed that he well
.e pi:e!ent to-morrow at the Meeting
ee to "4ving shown this quiet mark of reverence, Ins Lordship was ABERDEEN. man. The Convener then rose and read to his Lordship the
y !Ince
next sal tell •
test effects during three years, one general election, and two ses- of the British Association in Edinburgh. phaet:n, af thy:QUl:en eorn rollisebZnke
prOlOt' U 'With many rounds of hearty British cheers. These __ea,. address prepared by the incorporations on the occasion.
sions of Parliament, and have or h. eve not th.e enemies.of the Re- Leostritryii iend r r.ney
George of Cambridge. Her Majesty rod.e as far. as Cumber-
greetings having subsided, (Abridged from the Aberdeen Observer of Friday.) The Corporations of Old Aberdeen then presented an ad-
nch drill. . Mr. THOMSON read the following address with great dis- form Bill a right to say that their prophecies have signally and SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. land Lodge, where a close carnage was in readiness for her,
At an ea.rly hour on Wednesday the Union Flag w.as hoisted drels,sortdolisool,oonrdssmhip.
totally failed ?-( Tremendous cheering.) Instead of the con- ___-,,5ee.,-- in which she returned to the Castle.
ace fetidness :
My opinions and sentiments have been
ievc" .
on the barn= of the Tolbooth-some of the vessels in the har-
fusion which was predicted, let them compare the state of else D ONCA S TER, YEsrERD.4r Ev Elmira. Baron Scabau and Son, Mr. Sergeant Taddy, and the .Earl
employed ~ my e
OTRODTHE RIGHT HONOURABLE EARL GREY.
L -We, the under subscribers, inhabitants of hour displayed their colours-the flags of different Trades
were unfurled at the windows of the office-bearers, and, as the always the same that they now are since I entered life, and at
my time are not apt to be changed without strong reasons. country as we found it under the unreformed system, of Which BETTING ON THE sT. LEGER. of Errol have left the Castle. The Baron arrived on Thurs-
St 4 Col
the first Scottish town through which your Lord- When I change these principles-when I cease to respect the Even on Mr. Ilatson's Plenipo day, and Mr. Sergeant Taddy on Friday.
forenoon advanced, the town assume,cl a holiday appearance.. a great man said ehat it wa.s so absolutely perfect that human
5 to 1 agst Duke of Cleveland's Shilelah (taken) There was no military inspection this morning in the Quad-
, glard
wit could not devise anything more so-( A laugh)--and that
shiPdaetvriell,Padss on your way eo our metropolis, deem it our
diall t h • The belle were ruit:g from 11 to 12 o clock,
.and from 1, I,:intil House of Commons-when I cease to love liberty-when. I
if Ile had to make a.Constitution for any country, he would try 8i to 1 agst Sir J. Boswell's General Chassa (taken) rangle.
Ile same imperative uty, as we feel it to be our high honour, cor- about 2 o cloc.k, w en the Lord Chancellor alighted at the oor cease to wish for the safety and continued prosperity of those
to come as near to it as possible. We, under that most per- 13 to 1 agst Mr. Heseltine's Worlaby Divine Service was performed in the private chapel. this
it.
institutions under wl i h we have so long prospered and under
15 to 1 agst Lord Sligo's Bran morning, by the Rev. Mr. Wood, in the presence of their
)loyinel .....e Jane. ail your Lordship on entering a kingdom of which of the Council Chamber. About half-past 12 o clock, the four
fed of all possible human systems-(Laughter)-found the
. 7_. alder you as the greatest benefactor that has appeared Bailies, the Dean of Guild, the Treasurer, Mr. Angus, Town- their. imyroved statelaere likely still_ more t? prosper, then my
15 to 1 agst Powlett's colt Majesties, the suite and household.
far fr°ll' '4 Modern times. clerk depute, and Mr. Fraser, Jeint-Chamberlain, set off in four mind will be near a close ; and if I retain any sense, I will government of the country in a state which I will not farther
18 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Touchstone Admiral Sir Charles Rowley and Admiral Sir Edward and •
pOt "We regarded w.ith deep interest your Lordship's unwea- carriages, to meet his Lordship, preceded by two town-ser- send you notice of it.-( A laugh.) Only I hope you will
20 to 1 agst Mr. Watts's Bubastes
Lady Owen arrived last night, and had the honour of dining
it are teadteleyfforts -to obtain Reform in Parliament, and thus ulti- take the notice from m self and not from other people.-
( Laughter and cheers. )jr ' deseribe, lest it should be supposed that I wished to institute
invidious comparisons ; suffice it to say, that that truly great
25 to 1 agst Mr. Marson's Loudon
and passing the evening with their Majesties.
geants on horseback. The cavalcade passed along. George-
man, to whom the country can never repay the debt of grati-
-30 to 1 agst Lady Le Gros (Jenny Mills's dam.)
of lAli°ur to secure to the eountry all the henefits of civil and
The King did not leave the Castle during the day, but the •
street,
t?lerard-shtreet, and
hNelson-stredeth tot
hKlfin treet
tude which it owes,not only for his great military services as a
teligiouesalibeexrty,. even while your splendid eloquence, end THE DINNER.
so far es }fermi grossethd r
eidneowf
thriedte. over t e Don,
tan a
.otuth aa agm-sile On'
CARMARTHEN RACES. , Queen walked to church this afternoon.
ertions had to encounter a fearful combination At five o'clock a company, consisting of about 350 gentle
The fineness of the weather, and the excellence of the Scotch
lil thou' oset_in.tere.sted and reckless, but for many years successful, and the o . ed s
he ridge, (blew ep. o awaih. e pproach of
the Lor C ancelion On being joined by. is Lordship and men, took their seats in the large hall of the County Rooms-. general, but for the. measure of Catholic Emancipation-yet,
though the great victories of Waterloo and Salamanca can TlciiiEserAedy.-cTieela Jmwyarntnheen4shyrires. Stakes of 20 sovs. each,.
never be forgotten, I say no man living can doub.t, an.d that Fusileer band, attracted a very numerous company to the New
hi:Tingly overwhelming opposition. It is, therefore, with Party, the proeession returned to town, passing along the new Owin to the numerous engagements of the Lord Chancellor
Mr. Pryse Prese's Maridunum, 4 yrs
~ of ine" gu exultation, my Lord, that we now welcome you to our street from King-street to Old Aberdeen, through the Old- it wgt - el 1 • - 'clock that his Lordsh•le
t. as no unhi near y size o
cere -
Mr. Gough's Dan
th in tile countr
e Y, as having, while at the head of his Majesty's Coun- town and Spital, to Hutcheon-street, by which it reached h
aen room, w eiti he YV a eived with three cheers 10.1-the received the government of the country, whether as to exter-
nt d great man himself would admit it, that the state in which we
A Plate of 50/., t.
egdi;Linoafs'Ego;itehtlivillders,its,. M.P., for horses and had some good sport. ,
net eichise earned a measure immensely important to the United George-street. The Lord Chancellor was repeatedly cheered py. Provos Blaiklile rteoc4c. thie. chair supported oli th: Lmht
•
0 proe
by the Lord Chance o.r, Ir. annerM an, -M. P.,
,Mr. Lelth nal or internal tranquillity, was not to be compared with that
Mr. Currie's Major, 6 yrs 1 1
t itS . "gdom at large but especiall to Scotland, where the elec
twe franchise was' so sh efullyYl. 't d d h grea-t as he passed along, but, as he made no acknowledgment what- eranquil, flourishing, and peaceful state in which we now see
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT-(THIS DAY.)
Lumsden of Auchindoir, and, on the left, by Lord Panmure, Capt. Davies's Mimic, 4 yrs 2 2
flee- Proportion of the electors were the ever for the noisy honours with which he was saluted, the it after the Reforen Bill has been two years in alctikve opheratpn.
___,,,,,,e_---
linnol teoriouans suw eo
General Hay, Sir A. Bannerman, Major 'I aylor, of Rothie- ---(. Mr. Parry's g. m. by Duplicate, 5 yrs 3 3
rretersa f all cheering was neither loud nor continueus. When the caval- Great cheering. ) Look to the results- oo to t e ar-
(Before the CHIEF COMMISSIONER.)
On the
lthe..lent abuses, and of everything like arbitrarnower e VEDNEsDAY.—The Dynever Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 50 sovs.
cede reached the end of the Council-chamber, the Lord may, and Mr. Burnett, yon. of Leys. The Dean of Guild, hament chosen under the Reform Bill.alloet4:lolershno_f A
added, for all ages. Heats. (5 subs.) Henry Jarman, a jobbing cooper, was brought up on his
b a few, h We congratulate your Lordshi on the haispy rest•ilts that Chancellor was received, and welcomed to Aberdeen by Pro- Bailie
.Milne, Principal Jack, and Principal Dewar, acted as thoerttawnte ml aes ta
ssuersessitsonogfh
tPaforlrilavmare n t-(
d and carried during the Mr. Fuller's Nell Gwynne, 4 yrs.
if all • thaeveetualarneacdi y f.ollowed.from this great measure, especially in 7.st Bldaikie, who, alontg withe tthee meenmbearss owfatihtien,TotwonreCeoettvne- Croupiers Among the gentlemen present were Mr. Moir, of P ,
Park, Mr. Gerard, of Midstrath, Major Johnston, of the first Session, and tell if the. c?mplaints made by ohne Mr. Currie's Major 6 yrs.
el station of eight hundred thousand of our fellow men c.. 1, an a eumber of o her gn 1 m , w
class of men, arid rather invidiously encoeraged . y Mr. Davies's Maridunum, 4 yrs 23 3 3541., 112/. of which were for bills that he had accepted for a,
100
.In.el fellow subjects, from a system of slavery which so long his Lordship. 42d, Mr. Skene, advocate, Mr. Cunninghame, Sheriff of Mo-
Mr. Gough's Lilly, aged 33 dr friend, and for which he had received no consideration what-
Pu „e
rßay,. IVDIr.. Forbes, of Echt, Mr.. Still, of Milden, Mr. T. Best
'egraded humanit and disgraced the Britill name, and on The party having entered the Hall, the Provost conducted
lat;on of the Reformed Parliament, under the Reform Act, A Free Handicap of 3 sovs. each, with a Silver Cup added. Heats,
ever. The insolvent had accepted them on the promise that
,in 01,' the mi._ . Y
Brown, Rev. Dr. Kidd, Rev. Mr. Forsyth, Rev. s
, .another class, against the rash and destructive legis-
(4 subs.)
,et
to slip; other happy results which may be certainly expected the Lord Chancellor t? his seat at the head of the room,.
ihfeZzd VI e gris
Mr. Gough's Brownie
the er t;:: low, for securing the political and religious interests On the tables was displayed an elegant variety of fruits., and Mr. Scott, Mr. Farquharson,,,of Finzean, Mr. Sheriff Wat-
vivnel in that, and was oblieed to become answerable for the amount.
alr. Neil's Bob Handy
tif all rougho.ut the British dominions to the latestposterity. the Ilall was tastefelly decorated with flowers-a be.autifully ison &c. &c. Grace was said by the Rev. Principal Devsar, las:attclliass,steill
iifoigelge tohoemica•trts IT tey
said we promised mountains and brought forth nothings. n
Mr. Smith's Climber, 3 yrs.
the erg* hC_alled to the highest office in the State in a manner the most wreathed crown being placed above the Provost's chair. and' after dinner " Non nobis Domino" was sung by Messrs.
the first session of the Reformed Parliament there was more The Ladies' Silver Cup, for Maiden Horses, added to a Sweep- ceeding his profits. '
wogs!
Davie, Colston, Keard, and Don. ,
• unceerable your Lordship, on resigning it, could not but re- The LORD PROVOST then rose and addressed his Lordship,
done than during ten preceding parliaments. The emanci- stakes of 8 goys. each. Heats. The CHIEF COMMISSIONER told the insolvent that he had no
th°i„c‘e t.hat y'ou had not held it vain ; and it is our earnest wish, presenting him with the freedom of the city. The cloth having been removed,
pation of the slaves was carried. The great measure of Mr. Smith's Climber, 3 yrs 1 1 right whatever to accept bills for the accommodation of others,
..ncrills
1,1 c tog.,`, 111 your retirement, you may have more and more cause His LORDSHIP replied as follows :-Gentlemen, I assure
~ J.lieHitiiltdeAte. gave i.n stuccession t.ll folltohweiLtiorri:o;
Scotch Burgh Reform was carried.-(Cheers.) Reforms • Mr. Delyreor.e's Tartar, aged 3 2 when he could not pay his own debts. As to the cause of his
'to ill° no:exelell in the working of those mighty movements in the re- you I reeeive with the greatest possible gratitle the high ho- zontlis„ tensky !V W
were made in the laws, and the East India trade was threwn Mr. H. Williams's Tom Blunt, 4 yrs 2dr insolvency, no person could doubt that it had been occasioned
sof la' j ail..,g
o:achine of. Government! to which eon gay.e the first
e.;', m.
ey
_powerful impulse, during an administration which :eneir witnehthas now been conferrefelt on mtel..emle aldiai cl:fficulty
d qi.. ely o express my sense o
.he ex ma ay•niGodesbles;a all i thaenhoneurs. :Air-
God save the King." " Her Majesty the Queen, and svel- open. And yet we' have been accused of doing nothing. by accepting the bills, and was not attributable to his expenses
d .h esof my
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.) exceeding his profits.
as
come home again." Air-" Rule Britannia." " The rest of
for, tZpeov., be regnrded as one of the most brilliant periods in the reception on coming among you this deer, an wit equal gra-
Nlvs:sitlxs=iitscdtiransl,lllo:tt
se;esrtteiro:h iyttn e p -0-:lrthzaung•
sh , .
__,„,,e____. The CHIEF COMMISSIONER directed the prisoner to be dis-
,f Colll' Z Vor nation's history.
step
oxi.
it
ii:tiriney to the metropolis, my Lord, will, in every titude I receive the freedom of the ancient, loyal, and flourish- the Royal Family." Air-" I'll make you be fain to follow
the greatest curse with which England was afflicted, and (FROM LLOYD'S.) charged, observing, that it v;as fortimate for him he was not
me." These toasts were all drank with great applause.
As is well known, it is principally to
DEAL, SEPT. 13. -Win dS. E. Sept. 14. -Wind E• v opposed.
leg ei.ty oft ett.berdlen
which, luckily, yole.in this counery, IT htppirlyn fr:leadn fosrfea,
Provost BLAIKIE then rose and proposed " The Lord
rk e march Itritlumph, and your ardent and almost
.lel highe s e %est ;ell I te te honour to hold in his M
light. -Arrived and sailed the Concordia Denman, from Ant- Thomas Crosby Hardman, a sadler and harness-maker,
ly `cc'
inatineera"ble ad irers
ten e are in_your joy, beeause they re- 4 31
kind:esssrvz. a _ owe tis ark of kindness and in tit Brougham and Vaux, Lord Chancellor of England," vrith all :Iniarw e
d achticih xi aticlitenirrinellt, eitiit ::Ifer;rdoit3.ea
aortielyg
d et those men werp for Cork ; Express, Wells, from LOndon for Gibraltar ; lately residing at Manchester, was brought up on his petition
there'
the honours.-( Drunk with tremendous cheering. )
I f gall it not merrelly as he homier due to Illustrious rank end . . y have. shown. o me, you have been' res ectfullv
treceleenin.ent. talents, but the triumph of sound and constitu- ' Lord BROUGHAM—WhiIe I feel, and shall ever be most j
•
Miller, from London for Sydney ; and Swiftsure, Wild, from From the examination of the insolvent by the CHIEF COM-
, _ce 0 tieating th.at gracious Prince to wh.om all his subjects Pof every
read and most proud duly to acknowledge, that this reception doin togeth. er in complaieing against Parliament becauseet has Brunette, Newson, from Yarmouth for Leghorn ; Undaunted, to be discharged.
_one nothing-because it has been too. cautious and too gow-
n .
class, and :n every part of his dominions, owe the deepest and
that it has literally done nothing, while, three years ago, and London forfGibrtalteesis. rarinvedtwaondo remaihn
.the Amerilcan beig MISSIONER, ie appeared that all his creditor! residedt in_Man-
lle h,,u_dinPyinciple! succeesfully advocated, and happily adorned
e•in,:le ohle patreot, durin.g a very is inya reat degree, owing to your res ect for our love to,
IMb
long, a most splendid, and merst lasting gratitude.-(Geeat applause.) If there. is. any-
,cl ougr veneration for that most recipe s M narYch whom it we were told that the Reform Bill would introduce a system Concordia, or S ,U. bm ~ tds
h. oi.l ler rigs and a s oop, fhor chestee and its neighbourhood, and that the in.solven left that
ell the ::oArixly. eonsistFnt. poll:nese career, . thing beyond this which entitles me to your esteem, it is the .
of endless and reckless changes, which would sweep away all the northward. H o.mneey,. from the nort - place in June last, and eame to London to avoid an arrest, and
iously wistung, and confidently anticipating for your
man the ride of my life, to serve •gand Inwishel had half the
e e
aa c
nc un soat t
hi oanv se- h isb
kaje; the sG11) d
o(i' Lordsh. accidental circumstance that I happened to be associated with
is
erit trio deserve the confidence' which I know Iso fully the institutions of the country. They can't be right in both ward, passedlit t c ac 9 rs. °?, win 6ands abu.ut 1! a.m.., for the purpose (.-if seeking eniployment. He pnt u.p at the
,go be . IP much gratification on the display of feeling that will others, my esteemed colleagues of the lat.e, or, I should
, given thro }• rather say, of the former administration, in carryin.g into ossess of that Sovereign who lives in the hearts of all his bzoeuenndu, f7or4,
gthnen
s, wwe silty aa_relh. r
ig ric?fl.S
wNare,t.hbeorulanndd
toMapj eosrttys
ms
osuhthi ,
th e
13 Belle Sauvage, in Ludgate-hill, and brought with him 351.,
nave te ug..out the country you have just entered, we
1)
b• t, nd for whom you have shown your respect in the
su jec s, a ctaononmetnheahveanddonteooevleitrtyltehintghaatrids
onnoteheinogm-f0
wrte. prodece of the !ale of some furnitu.re, leaving 12/. at home
• il ue honour to be,
. effect measures which have called forth, and, in my
person of ene of his Ministers,. and his most confidential ser- dwonee
for his wife. The insolvent had been In London three months,
d i h them *os, of it • BuippoßT SE.PT. 12.-Arrived the Earl of Moira, Martin, and had obtained a situation when he was arrested, His debts
eflicte " May it please your Lordship, opinion, have deserved, the best thanks of his Ma-
vent ; - yet it vvould be affectation in me not to acknowledge u tra Radicals and ultra Tones-an we: s . ,
Isiet themeake either horn of. the dilemma, but not both-those passed the South Sand Head this evening.
is eis•
ley
_" Your Lordships most obedient humble servants." jttsys liebjects 'at large, and more particularly one of
SEPT. 13.-Wind Eto S E Sept 14 - amounted to 500/.
h 1 d d dth t • t t •
se w ich as a rea y ren ere e mos impor an service that I live in your affections as a Scotchman-as a popular
d the Lad FloieFdor•telli,e•fmah Lf0o•11.1c16:;:l:
true. It is said that the character o the people is c aege , . waste() , .
hut it is ueterle impossible that both Trees againet% can bde fro; Riga. :Tn.
The discharge of the insolvent, which was not o.pp.osed, was
ile, bY ii.;!..; Thomson, on concluding the Address, said, " this Ad-
Minister-as n friend of the people-as one who highly respects
to '`.l nas been signed by a very great number-all were anxious to the country, and to no place more so then to the ancient
the institutions under which this great country ha-s grown and and that no mortal can tell what this untried expenment Wind S. E.-.-Are
London, Yand , supported by Mr. WOODRoFFE, WIT staled, that if it was ne-
, aistlY sign it, and if time had ermitted • atures city of Aberdeen-he meant the great measure o.f
.Burg.h Re-
flourished-as.one wh.o,while he is ready to lay down his life to can come to. But now two years have passed since the expe- Onent, White, rom cessary, he could prove to the satisfaction of the Court, that
J would ,_ v . p , many more
.sign . form-one of the first fruits of the Reform Administration._
the insolvent, when he was arrested,was engaged in his situation.
r ol3° the sen,7l e been added. I.have only to say that it co.ntaans
( Applause.) It is a circumstance that malses me peculiarly preserve those institutions-(cheers)-yet as one also wh? wo.uld
fth •1• f h ben created none of those pro- dras, Beach, for Madras. Arrived his Majesty's ship Tribune, The COURT ordered the insolvent to be discharged,
riment vras tried, and none of those evils have been produced, cutta ; and 'Waterloo, Low, film Calcutta. Sailed the Ma-
to ee
uteist ents of all whose esignetures are attached to it, and
go to the uttermost ends of the earth so to improve those mstitu- nene.o h ose nnscdnte s aye e
happy, that I should be the first honorary Burgess of Aberdeen
e ill° seie'n that your Lordship will honour the inhabitants of
tions, as to make them yet more deserving of the veneration and 1.
f 0, Plltee by accepting this Address." after the carrying of that great and purifying measure ; and I
theeeategt tilns eo:ll2datnodpienr;reetufizeclAretti:cf
oehr;c:zice, ,ii so confidently made. But Dutch 74, from Copenhagen, with the youngest son of the
pc,aetchioelsk nne
apnreeiventiorun eilawdhhicehe in this ca'se as in the case of from Chatham ; Diligent transport, from London; and Zeenu,
THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
olio I ever esteem it one of the proudest acts of my life and one
al &The several topics alluded to in this Address called forth wi
2 AND 13.-Wind E.-Arrived his Mae ----.....--.__
:'-'lnent a - • which I shall always delight to recollect, that I, andalmost I
speak. to Scotchflmen! to educated men, to reasoning men, to delii- sober and deliberative, and reflecting character of Englishmen PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 1
the very oppositePopiniOn has been more than verified, and the Prince of Orange on board.
CORN EXCHANGE. .
LI/ Pr' let its
ciasnd unequivocal marks of concurrence from all around. alone, had to take charge of that measure in the Upper House
stand's where it did-(cheers)-approving of cautious, steady, jesty's ship Dublin, from Portsmouth. Off port the Columbia, The past week's arrival of Wheat was considerable, but of all
'11(' 4111 P then e these were loud and long continued. His Lord-
spoke nearly as follows :- of Parliament, where it was exposed, as many other important berating and re ectmg mee, and therefore I have no occeseon
ferri '
to say that the avowal which I have now made of my political and useful reform, and objecting to rash and ill_c.onsidered Booth, from Singapore ; and Monsey, from Lisbon. ether grain moderate ; and there was a fair return of Flow.
,of • of';3%?entleinen,-I certainly accept this address with feelings measures are exposed, God kncrws !to considerable risk. I say . .
principles! is an avowal of those principles which have aetuated changes, because the one is reform, and the other is not re- FALmouTB, &Fr. 12.—Wind S. to
.E., moderate. Sept. 13. T.he trade, in the
.course
.of the week, remained nearly as____pre-
,,l6,
this with all kindness and respect to that house, to which, un-•
e me ever sin.ce I came into public life. But though a friend.to
. its eihie greatest satisfaction and gratitude. But how is it pos- form._( Cheers.) Another measure which was second to -Wind E,, strong and sgually.-Arrived the Eclipse Packet, viously stated. This morning there was a good supply of Wheat
fortunatel for , lf Ih v the hon ur to belon * Unhappil
y mese , ae. o . g
1011 tor es_ e
-* . • - •1' the institutions of my conntry, and ready to lay down my life
as previously. Of other kinds of Corn the quantities were mode-
P t. 'fi•t 1 b d th' I
teede
e_ eie, ror a recep ion so in nt e y eyon any ing that house does not aeree with all classes of his Majesty's sub- none of the measurehs which.dhave been pessetd,
trd whitch, in from Vera Cruz-sailed the 29th July, arul from Havannah the from Essex, but not so much from Suffolk and Norfolk
1 lth ult having on board 200,000 dollars on freight.
rate. Such parcels of W.heat as were fins and dry mot a ready de-
e o'll' teree vfltect-I must say, beyond anything I feel I really de-jects, and particularly' with their representatives in the Re- to stay the pollution of these institutions, yet when at the same
time and in the seme degree, and at the same sacrifice, and swill-me rfevae:ltisa,mmeneytarye cietterzirmerewdaasstsuaperior
h t Bill wehiclei fevsetaormedetao- LIVERPOOL, -SEPT. 12.-Arrived the Tiger, Eldridge, from
thete:,noty_ can I, for such a reception, offer you adequate
isn.ane da,na
nraetvvli.erarhVela3rzestn;
.butat all other qualitie.s were heavy on
holif. formed House of Commons ; nevertheless, while I say so I
serith
_the stemeercesolution of self.-de.votion, I avow myself a therßeurghs orScotland their ancient, original, though, for three New Orleans • Elizabeth, Lowell, from Gaboon ; Naiad,
"sf eecee7t il, Now, at the close of a long political life, and at the must admit that that House is of great use to the country, and
triend.tO he Reform of these institutions..
.I say nothing centuries, lost sight, of choosing their magistrates. I knew Zettle, from Zente ; and Richard, Doodt, feom Memel. Off al e n i d last quotations. The chief
part of the riewc Barley ysamaiples nceome thin, yet of fair co-
t - iiiratio/;'"e of that official life, which was of much shorter
tic
I must allow that the legislation of this country would never
A from the first that this improvement was safe,-I knew that it port the Ann, from St. John's, New Brunswick.
lour, and this article may be reported rather cheaper. Old
leconsistent. for the one part of the proposition stands anu
Barley unaltered in value. Beans, both old and new, remain as
risli/ Is, u,o. , the greatest reward that any public man can receive go en without the two Houses. Gentlemen, when I alluded to
was ba ed on 'lst and sound legislation,-I knew from the CLYDE, SEPT. 1 2.-Arrived the Margaret, Mowall, from
condree,n,a calm review of the past, when the whole of his the Burgh Reform Act and said that I accidentally supported lives only in company with an.d twined round the other
wisdoms and ejxperience of better times,-I knew, from the St. Vincent's.
last quoted. Pease of both kinds are unvaried. The supply of
tetioli 0 noueee:',4 hefore his countrymen, that they should have pro- it in the Upper House,,l ought to have added, that it was not part.-( Cheers.) It would require a fool, an absolute fool,
Oats continues limited, and there being a fair demand, this article
desire e this verdict, that at least he was actuated by a sincere accidentally that I was led to advocate that great healing mea- ter
.suppose that there was any inconsistency in the two propo-
d waould disperse before the' rays of the refulgent sun, London. is ls. per quarter higher for such parcels as are dry and sweet.
seas 14 e., vtO vs.._ t - . tallentss nd reflection of able men -I knew that the passing WATERFORD, SEPT. 12.-Arrived the Sultan, Head, from
eition.s, and yet. I
.have heard it. stated lately that I have re-
'musty tereMo e the public weal. This merit I can conscien- sure, that it was not left to chance, or any thing like hazard, C
holt, h
*c shone forth as in its best days, in the great measures oe BELFAST, Sm. 12.-Arrived the EupheMia, Johnston, The Flour trade remains very heavy at last quotations. Winter
eale" Ale oe to ato myself, confident that such has been the princi- what course I should pursue when that measure was brought linqulsh.ed my. principles as a Whig, my tenets as a Reformer,
wP• 1.• * t Tares are 6d. to ls. per bushel lower.
of expressed', actions, and your approbation has been so strongly into Parliament. Gentlemen, upon all these matters I had my desire to improve the institutions of the country, because,
h been veri- Knee ROADS, SEPT. 12.-Arrived the Curate, from Arch-
-White (01d)... ..... 44455.. 4'
Ls..
PRICER ON BOARD OF SHIP.
rles my &now that I cannot doubt that it is generally valued by long entertained the most fixed the most uualterable, because in speaking of the present House of Commons, on one dey h
. ar iamen ahry and Burghd Rmeforemx
eoeftalt7o3n2s anadvelB33, My from Alicant ; and Julia, Cranston, from Archangel.
eopes have edenteurps asasvee -hee y p
n fulfilled and now the clouds angel. Wheat, Red (old) Beans, Small ,new)
(old) b. -s.
were
free, countrymen. It affords to me a satisfaction, greater well considered, opinions. I hed considered the subject as I said, as I have said to-day, and as I will say while I live, that 11 d
aree p---SniseYdi)
ar ew
ai c iaonn h
yd we stand in the lerious sunshine- GLOUCESTER, SEPT. 13.:-Arrived the Cygnet, Blacklaw, _Red 1834) 4os. 425. Tick (new) 3ls 3( s.
ttillitrunrj_°.rd-S can Fx.press, to think that I have been the in- an essemb.ly more. grave, more patriotic, and of more spot-
Fine 425. 43s
4 one of necessary justice • and in speaking of it I must name
from Archangel.
2,1 a Nsninf.rom St.
t 10 ferred;iet of obtaining those privileges which are now con- less integrity, the history of the world offers no. example of.-
—wr re/ace...sit: a Harrow (new) 36....985.
p_On the people of Scotland-the privileges of a full, the name never to be mentioned without the deepest regret for a" As some tall cliff that lifts its agwful form,
Swells from the vale and midway leaves the storm,
(oid) ...... ....38s. 4Vs .
llgers' the cause which he was the first to bring forward, and to which (Great cheering.) But while I said this, I saed also that that Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread, petSeirisibEtiLrDgsh,
;SEarzi g.r.t---unAar,r
----- Fine 465. 43s Brank
of p_ TICI efficient representation in the Commons House he devoted his life-I mean the name of that honest and en- House had passed two or three Bills which.requwed the corect- Eternal sunshine settles on its head." - HULL, Sm. 12.—Arrived the Medway, Bruce, from Arch- --...ieosireurge,frneee 48; . 50: . Oats, Feed
New .1021.235.
elier9 dri,..4:ll!arna en.t. It has been truly said, in the admirable ad- lightened senator Lord Archibald Hamilton. On this sub- ing hand of the other House of the Legislature! and that the (Loud and continued cheering.) Gentlemen,-I must once Givehdorbtri'aendll,
angel ; and Woodhouse, Tait, from St. Petersburgh.
Rye 32s 365. Poland - --8..-4.
*)0, 235.
Stgte Acoch I:fast Vl's great measure was necessary to ulterior reform. ject, then, there was nothing left to accident, chance, or hazard. Lords deserved well of their country for correcting these trso more make my most grateful acknowledgments for your kind JERSEY, SEPT. 12.-Arrived the Sisters, De Gruchy, from Barley
'et°llSiderin ealeii done-more than coul.d.. have been expected, What I mean is, that it was accidental circumstances that put
aonr threen billsii E.lse why have we a . House ofhLleird.s ?If reception of me. I have stated my opinions freely, and I have Labrador. Grinding 275. als Potatoe 211.26..
. OS'
ththe circumstances and diflicuilities of tffe time-I it into me h.ands, and gave me, I might say, the whole manage- will vo.te for the mo.tion for
.a oeshing the -- Malting 3/s. 32s New
;,(); P,ro7notg
Peyermagae sai
Ti• only to add, that my principles are the same as they have been LONDON, SEPT. 13 AND 14.-Arrived the Gannett, Human, ilea e . 445 50s. Scotch 264.275.
11
tehareat wt otrle of
hreforpl ..
.mopgst others, . ment of le m the upper house ; not but every one of his Ma- ,
s?ionw tch nopce In.ts been given that it. will be made for the last thirty years-since I came into public life-since I from Barrowgate ; Pe,gg, and Duke of Clarence,
EFrwhick, —50 s Irish 18s. 2fls. 241.
10 $ ~:l..`got refere to
next Ses
_ease tinrecyN ew w
ti rtlun of our fellow
grnzin Liz f
pth:
chuaimnsanoitfysra:hey ern(arlimm: jesty s ministers were in favour of that measure in all its , .
.__ , and which, like many other. motions foe next formed an opinion on any political subject whatever, and lam from Archangel ;X. L. Cobb, Superb, Stewart, and iza eth, P____: ZapeeNlL, 3,5. 40b. Flour Town (per sack) 44s 45..
40s. 425. Seconds 40s. 435.
01111 .ge,, branches, but because I was the only person in the upper house °ession, will not be made next Session, I differ from lum. I ready to abide by those opinions till I find cause to alter them. Tait from St. Petersburgh ; Ceres, Scheutz, from Memel ;-- White 345. 40s. North Country 345.365.
„„e'se cheering.) Muth remains yet to be done ; but lam connected with Scotland, and on account of my experience as aen ar,fr.iend to the. British Constitution-(Cheers)-consisting Genelemen, when I cease to love the Constitution, and become Adventure, Adams, and Pomona, Burns, from Riga ; Edmund, Boilers 4:2, 44, Bran lO. Ils.
III"' e-‘"sfied that the means of effecting all that is necessary for the s
_ARRIVALS , F GRA,IN IN LONDON DURING LAST WEEK.
a cotch advocate, and because I was acquainted with some
at Is•inot
tcjoiantsisitieinfs of Lords, and consishting of
tCommons ; the advocate of ras.h changes, which are not reform, the case mark, from Copenhagen ; Ann Donnabez, James,hfrlom Gron-
end I h
toil, rurPoses of good ov rnm nt ad f • th
kilt' order of-th g e e ~ n . or preseeving e peace legal details connected with the measure, and not that the rest an enemy to each, wo is net a. fiiend to will be strong
.against me ; and then I hope that, if I depart holm ; and Gude Hensight, Andrews, from Stock om.
e - a e
5 1 e I 2 ‘`.l
IW I 1
_lntl isittisfied th e state are now in
.our possession-I say
.I am
. thee_ at we are now in possession of the means of obtamin of my colleagues did not entertain as clear and as unaltered
g an opinion en the subject as I did. Gentlemen, I could not ll th th e Th
a e.re .
dere are hon.ourable apd. conscientious men
Republicans-delu ed men, in my epinion-evho hold that from my principles, no man living will doubt that I have been
forced.; but every day I live, every hour I breathe, every thing The Diadem, Broadhead, bound to Lisbon, has put back to I:, ~,
From Whence. ~? h-, , . . . g .
I. P II
vi, h
14_e, great objects, by that great work of Parliamentary reform, come among you and receive the great honour of being made there should be no L?rds, and who will end m holding that I see, every thing I hear, every thing I feel, testifies the more Liverpool, leaky.
peolnesnsas been so happily accomplished. Henceforward, the there should be no King. Lee them hold their consistene Qrs. Qrs. 1 Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. I Qrs. Sacks.
the first honorary Burgess under the new system of Burgh go-
Y and more that these opinions are rational and sound. (His The Navarino, from Honduras, is supposed to be off Ply- .
508 94 - - - 11 16 156
Aldhorough
ellti)' }„,,IV: .of reform may be slower, or it may be more rapid, vernment without ex laining these matters It will always be unimpeached by me-let them impeach me for error, but lam Lordship sat down amidst the most rapturous applause.) outh.
niemou•h _ - - 4IG - - - .....
lis rill'. it Will most assuredly roceed in the course of national
1 Prnvernent B I I) to me a subject of thelimost 1 • d*h
d
p easing an t e most prou re- unimpeachable for consisteney, because lam not a Repnblican. The CHAIRMAN then gave__" His Majesty's Ministers," m iloston - - 12.60 - - _
.....
OSIII egititlate • ut agree that that improvement is, from its collection that I came among you as I have done, and I now _...( 9heers.)
.1 am for e hmited Monarchy. I am for pre- which was drank with great acclamation. THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.) Bridgwater
Bridlington 56 - - 124 - - - -
!old fo_
~ nature, t 5) make its result useful and practicable, beg leave to return you my warmest thanks, and the testimony servlng the Institutions of the coinetree and amongst others the The PROVOST next gave the health of Earl Grey, the late .__,,,„„_____
Clay
ss Of 11 woe', ;Ile ccomplishment of those blessings, without which of my gratitude in the strongest terms I can express, and to House of Lords. ! have an unlimieed respect for the House highly-respected Premier, and alluded to the high esteem in CITY, T WEL VE 0' CLOCK. Dartmouth
- 136 46 704
a 1 ;_lavneither be necessary nor desirable. It is necessary, of Commons, to which.few assemblies can be compared, and
the propose, after drinking all your good healths " L'asting pros- which the eminent services of that consistent and patriotic no- Our arrivals this morning are two French mails, one Ostend,
,t 2, l'ioatecsit,er
762 86- g(5) :7- - 36 38 1185
tihooll e frequently said, upon similar occasions, and we perity to the city of Aberdeen."-(Long continued applause.) which can't be surpasse.d hy any ; , hut when I said that theY bleman were held in this country ; which was drunk with all one Holland, Hamburg, a mail from Vera Cruz! by the e
A I.eigh - 28 .:-. 49
122 _
3des *6,1 ver enforce this principle, that in resolving to effect
PROCEEDINGS IN THE COURT-HOUSE. had sent up one or two bills of late w hich I could not conscien- the honours. Air-" Should auld Acquaintance be forgot." Eclipse, also Singapore papers to the 25th of April, at the
tsdelruldon
_l6 67,3
leCals necessary, we should equally desire to avoid being tiously let pass-I only meant to say that there might be error Lord BRouGgAm-Though I have no longer the honour North and South American Coffee-house.
40
see itto t,,a3r by the hurry of popular excitement, and not fall The Lord Chancellor then proceeded, with the Provost and in that assembly, but I did not say anything against the vene- and happiness of having him as one of my colleagues, yet the (From the Singapore Papers.) Gainsborough -- -
Hull ago - - 30 - - ti 229
roll' %est ,!'! oPposite extreme, which would be prejudicial to the Magistrates, and the other gentlemen, from the Town Hall ration, love, and affection, which I. bear to this assemblY, late Premier, though absent in person is still present in spirit BOMBAY GOVERNMENT GAZETTE.-NOTICE.-MOMOTan- litswich 445 198 713 -40 149 48 Mt
1177 139 45 70 - 248 277 808 %
ken:lnterests of the country.-( Great cheering.) Gentle- to the Coert- House, where he was received by a crowded which is not equalled by any, and which surpasses most of the in the councils of Government ; and iv'e know that we have his dum of the gross quantity of opium for which passes have ece,uniti - - 460 --
jeSs Izsith 1 afiverting to the reception which I have this day met meeting with im_meese
dcheermg. Th.e Chancellor having a!semblies of which history has left us any trace--( Cheers) - support. As I expect to see him soon, I shall convey to him been granted from Bombay and Mehra, for the years 1833 Lowestoft - 20 37 430
- 20 270 - - - - -
OS linposisip,he first town in Scotland which I have visited, it is sta.ken his place, M.r. Gor on of Kincardine read an Address to did I say that that assembly was not compoeed of men? Did I 1-
teis testimony of your feeling of love, gratitude, and veneration and 1834 :- Lyme
Lynn 1834 - - 104 - 15 - 355
It% °le that our recollection should not be called to the him from ehe. Society
.of Advocates. say that it was infallible ? Did I say that it was incapable of for that most distinguished nobleman for which I cannot let Bombay Passes - - 12 - - - - 24
ily, . t,,,sY :elation which now subsists between the two coun- The Principal of King's College then intimated to his Lord- error ? I said nothing so rash or so unadvisedly as those fools
(Cycle
slip this. o portunit of t ' ' thanks in his name.
re urning my Malwa
Ich teret eei England and Scotland. On this spot, which has ship, that the Degree of LL.D. had been conferred on him say who judge after the measure of their own folly, of whom er h s I)
t jr
pect 0 the attacks which have been made on Lord Mauritius Papers to the 29th of January, state that the Rye
Southampton - - - 50 , - 10 - 212
this ::"re been the scene of deadly feuds and strifes-on by the University, and the Professors of Hebrew and Civil the wise man has said, that though you bray them in a mortar Alith and myself with irement violent hurricane which took lace on the 20th of January, was S.mthwold - - -3)
the 'l4l trt., on which our ancestors met in mortal combat--I, Law came ep with him to present the diploma, which was yet would not their folly depart from them. When I saw a' fromeoffice, I shall not say'o
rneeg awrodr tdo a
tLporreds
eGrar,eyh'
us t rtehee da y 0 _
_ _ - - - - - 151
lee°, gli
handed to him by the latter.
t more violent than has been ePxperienced there for the last six ',‘:,°eeliLten
100 - 250 - .- -
leg , 4 Shrnan, from the other side of the border have been Bill come up from the Commons to disfranchise so many hun- tribution is approaching. I have let them go on-they have ars For three days all business was suspended. Weymouth - - :23 --- 27 -
ettil:' with shouts of congratulation as the' friend of The Chancellor, in returning thanks, mentioned that the dred electors of a burgh because nineteen were proved upon reone on-the net is closing around them, and soon will they be Ye One Friday the 18th the Hon. Thomas Church disembarked Wisboach - - 240 --
•eJ vike I,lld,
.and as an humble instrument, in the hands of Di- honour was greater to him as it was the onl Universit De- •
. . Y Y evidence, which was of the most inconclusive and ragged na- *leld up to ridicule-( Cheers)--and to punishment.-( Re- from the Archibald Campbell, and assumed the office of noodobWe 515 456 280 - - 109 6 2G5
- 59 575 - ..,. - _ 495
ll° 411deertrvidence, to secure to a people who, by their loyalty gree which he had ever received, either in Scotland or Eng- ture, to have received bribes, and when I saw this Bill aban- newed cheering. )It might have happened otherwise. I might Acting Governor of the Straits ; the new Governor will again Aberdeen ' - 333 - 320 - - - -
tertrnlollSM their love of liberty their orderl obedience land, and the only one he was ever likely, from reasons that doned by the Noble Lord who had taken charge of it at first
Banff 4O _ - 403 - - 7 -
Of hit e auth • ' - ' Y •ht b uessed to receive. His Lordship then alluded to and who is well known to be a staunch friend of h
ve , , onty of Government and the power of the law, mg e g . ' , have considered it my duty to wish for his retirement ; but
t e people, had I done so, lam not the man to ehrink from the avowal. return to Penang in the same vessel. .
The Singapore Paper of the `34th April remarks that the dmvick .... - 200, - 6,22 - - - -
Dundee - '3 - '" - - - --
01 kktil alsuewn how well they have deserved the blessing the charge which had been brought against hime_that he was and the enemy of everything like corruption-Lord Radnor, Iv ld have told himself so in th fi' t 1 and I would - , - - fhld • 1r
monopoly which has been now blown out o t e wor gives
...verness llO - - 90 -.- - -
51 ..- - - -
1411 ere ~..".48„ been secured to them. Henceforward I trust not a friend to the ancient institutions of his country, and said, I mean-when I saw the Bill given up by him, and when I t ;clothe King in the second lacee • rasndPlacwe'ould have told tt s that kirkaldy.... . - -
at joy in that settlement in the tea trade, and sa e - -
lee
„ecteen never be any rivalry between two people con- that the cheep
.was made by persons perfectly ignorane of the saw him get up and say, that he approved of, and agreed with, Pearliament and my country, ini) the 'third place. But there fhree Chinese 'links are reported to have brought from 6,000 to 111eointhti:O.se - 137 -70 - ..... ....,_
till '''ket 48 the b t 1 • i
sii e neee y. are ymuea in erests. I say, 1 trust that history
.of lus
.hfe, and that no one was a warmer friend to every !lord that I had said, and, although there are persons was no such motive, no such wish, and no such occasion. Lord 7 000 chestsjof tea of which the greater part came from the ————
105•22 1849 4345 4978 40 11.430 636 7153
oula . r will be any rivalry, but that general wish which these institutions, or a greater enemy to their abuses.- who kindly choose to charge me with inconsistency on this Althorp and I were the two who wished most of all to avert e
' rts of the Canton' province ; and there is little doubt, with
IRISH.
°ther' induce those to seek and to promote the rights of (Loud Cheers.) . .
subject, avowing this on his legs, I said that to pass such a the calamity of Lord Grey's resignation.--( Cheers.) But I - ee - 1112 -
kis s as the b
'the present encouragement given to the Chinese merchants by cjrk
_ _ .... 810 - - - -
vs_ Nbt_ .. est security of their own. Thank God, the The Very Rez. Principal.Deewett then stept forward, accom- Bill wae impossible. The House of Commons did not exa- will not anticipate what will be proved to the satisfaction of the some of the European merchants, that the quantity which will (ialwayd
810 - - - -
;1- etriod e distresses of that dark period have ceased-that dark P db h
sane_ yt e YrOtessOrs 01 Manschal College, and read an mine witnesses on oath ; the witnesses told the House of Corn- hole country, except one or two miserable individuals._
be brought to Sincapore next year will be much more extensive. wenxtrderry - _. - -
_ _
aY (1411,ieWben the holier influence of religion was unable to Address to his Lordship, to which he briefly returned thanks. mons one thing because they were not on oath and another thin w 'n . But the shall be discovered -
g (Tremendous. cheer' g ) . y .
th A ril brin the result of
h Accounts from. Baeavia of the 9 p g
ed 'Nlti,,,'"e passions-when the charities of human life were little He said he was originally educated in Scotland, and bred at ato the House of Lords bee '
FOREIGN
- 420 ..- - - -
tilm ated
ause they were sworn—for the House (Loud and reiterated acclamation.)
y 1 examination of the concerns of the Java Bank. _
a- at,' I t,.._ • A happier era of complete union has now arrived ; Sc?tch University! and.h.e was a trne friend eo the system pe- of Lords could not decide upon hearsay evidence. But I Mr. BANNERMAN then proposed the healths of " Lord Mel- tAlethoe4rhyits operations were curtailed for above two. month!, ital,ttrugrg.„ -
iiS, tvlt 4LW that nothing shall ever happen to alter this happy culler to these Universities, by which the scholars were left as detain you too long with trumpery matter of this sort.—(No, bourne and Lord Althorp." the net profit of twelve months on a capital of two millions is Rotterdam __- - - -55 S -
-- —.—..,
ill tt thin s th t
pee itlese g - a ree unprincipled, ambitious statesman shall much uncle!. the rooftaf s tisiteeirlnpz.ez:zsnizhitubte. H
I of th: sil•asd w, no: k Gelion.)
.What. I wish to
.state is, that I sat on that . Lord BliouotiAsi—l cannot hear the heallhs of two of my 474,540 f. 42c., or nearly 231,- per cent., with only one bad
Total
911 e el'iseC, Who shall induce the people to depart from that long.eeperteece of _ y
L: 't H o c nvin ed) f h hair of the House of Lords i •
arwlF Bi as a judge in te c . . .
, o dest private friend!, and my most esteemed eolleegues, inde- debt. AGGREGATE QUANTITIES OF OTHER KINDS OF PULSE.
raS ' sseetneceurse which this country has been wont to pursue_ ternii)t h d
e itfl rz.it profi more tyi . d etwhes sh. ot c. 0 to
.decide up.on ?ath ; and, contrary to. all my inefinations, pendently of the eminent station they hold in his Majesty's COMMERCIAL REMARKS. Tares, VO—Linseed, P 27- Rapeseed. 0- Ilrank, 0-Mustard, i62-Seeds, 281.
i 3 (LoLe tqletated by duty-and which is to seek, by all legiti- n
e eh enefit o t
rtis sytstetm, thtadiehma.teh
tih is o. Jec as. sooa as which. were in
.favour of th.e bill, I de.cided accordii!g to mY Councils, without telling you how deeply they will feel when Europe piece goods-during the week the demand has been
SMITHFIELD MARKET.
5' anyt'tlltiitonstitutional means, the promotion of useful reform. he ad an oppo
hum yh o eisi ad ids t Tit 4 rstance r athle eonscience, against .my sentimenes, against my prejud!ces, apidi I shall i,nform them of the manner in which their healths were rather animated, with a good many sales. Opium in good
This day's supply was moderately good, and the trade was dull
rig eisee'nee trs.) Gentlemen, I ilo not feel that I can add Ten (among
fly om
~ ea u e o e. 1 ies nous poe of he in favour of my political adversaries, and Lord Warwick, wit received by you. With respect to Lord Althorp Ido
, not re- demand • sales as follow :-8 chests Bengal for 16 buncals ;
throughout, at the following
tei tta,', bee ° What I have said on the subject, upon other occa- Pleasures o 1.-lope ) the London Un!vers!ty. These efforts whom I was not even personally acquainted. One of the last quire to add one word to what. your Representative has said. p ' l wo chests in barter, for
of ke ' I et, 4tise I feel how impossible it is for me to say all were crowned with success, and the University was under ilou- causes which I decided in the Court of Chancery was against With respect to Lord Melbourne, in reat talents in exten- •enang go d dust per chest, and t
PRICES PER STONE OF BLB., TO SINK THE ()PEALS.
s d to s. d.
s. d. to s. d. .
dr buncal
o' I, 84011 t, and which is due to persons who have sbown rishing auspices. The institution was not confined to any re- one of my oldest political as well as personal friends, because ditto, at 393-1 sii.per
Inferior Beasts
of 4e4tl bi
4,41 eilleri arks of approbation and kindness. I, therefore, ligioes sects or partie ; but its doors wFre thrown open that as a judge I was called to decide upon oath. And was I wron sive accomplishments in unsullied honLr, and striet integrity
ghe is surpassed by no,minister in this or in any other country.' T. hte lal
ir nevnae
es tisw e ek have been n erous, but have brought
Second quality ditto 2 4 2 8 Second quality ditto 2lO 3 0
3 6 3 8 Coarse.woolled ditto..... 3 6 3 8
Iv 44,grkt,f:. !ale leave of you, with offering you my sincere all night come and drink of the puee spiengs of knowledge.- in agreeing. with Lord Radnor, when he found that the War- (Cheers. ) As Minister for Scotland-I mean as Secretary noßin etheg
mail* from Vera Cruz of the 29th July, we have Prrimmee leagtes,OLen 4042 so u thdown Wethers ... 310 4 0
le th:' to ~,,oi thanks for the honour you have done to me. (Cheers.) It left the perents,--it rationally and religiouely wick Bill must be thrown out e But I detain you too long hy for the Home De artment -in which office he has the ex- fybl • f tion from the 'city of Mexico of the 26th of Large coar e calves
3 6 910
r- ,n'ti o..theifuu, Sir (turning to fife Rev. Mr. Thomson), and left the parents,-to superintend the moral and religious prin- these observations from a subject more interesting to you and
javiourat in orma s A
tensive patronageP of the' Church and State in the whole a g that t. nna at pres .
ent enjoys full confidence, ram:
,gna:ttoe.ach
...1143
41 !I S
Quarter old Pigs each) 12 0 18 0
and !atter.._entlemen ccmpoeing the deputation, for the kind ciples of
htheir families. It did so. retlonally and
.reli- more dear to myself. I have been charged with inconsistence,
4s Od. to ss. Od. per stone
of the northern part of the United Kingdom, I have daily aislt),Thescleir; and money interest is in his favour ; and it is not Lambs
,e 11,,
.teir th:.`ig Manner in which you have peesented this addeess, geously, ecause, wi!hoq this prmcip ?, _ any VnivFy- because I have one day declared for Reform, and another da
SUPPLY, AS PER CLERK'S aIAZMENT.
rip.
Y communication with him, and I will venture to say, that a more likely anotdr revolution will so soon take place. Every thing
r. 44 I! kiiks',_ general arrangements of this day's proceediegs, siey wes oedly a Urnyeesity forh one particitillar sect. He steted that to preeerve the institutions of my country was m
Beasts. I Sheep_ an:, kam
i bs
I 11S0 I 620
Y honest and conscientious man, and one more free from all idea was tranquil in the Republic. The province of Puebla had
2,714 I 14,6
'' 1114;j0 offer4r.e equally due. Allow me now to take my leave, sa!d.. it di so . religiously, ccause wat was more principal object in wiehing to improve, reform, and amend of gratifying his personal feelings, in what are called local jobs, ielded - A conductor of two millions of dollars was on the
NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS.
11 1 sh 4 ef so tO ell and each of you my sincere thanks, for this 1
re igmus than to give education, and what more o.ppoeed to them so as to make them more endearing, by making them which are so t m tin to the virtue of ordinar men or more Yd • h f the city of Mexico.
At per stone, by the Carcass.
!, lat_ all ,a, lir kindness and approbation, the memory of which religion than to deny it to those who could not conscientiouslY more worthy of the country, and more fitted to endure.- free from ' t
a. e. Pt
g • • f. bbi Iy neve; saw or roa to t e coast eom
d at Liverpool (the Monkey) from Lis- s 8. toe d s d tos. ds
,f Ot rrio„,r_Y with me into my retirement, and cherish to the conform to the principles of your Establishment a He said ( Cheers.) This is to me an occasion at once peculiarly gratif
Y- could ima ny am or susficiloin sicijiolot zgn,
sider it as at;on- A ve.sisel has rrivt
eli inst a day later than the last accounts, Beef, inferior 2 0 2 2 Mutton, inferior ......... 2 2 2 4
0 3 2
2 4 2 6 middling 3
0 gtegierii4,,,'"tS of my life.-The Noble Earl eencluded amidst religiously, for what es?,s more destruti:se of religion,-erhat ing, and at the same time mingled with some degree locetsi, siuded on te 4
34 e 8
age but 1111;7' -t( nt c:leeFeet was eto find out the worthielst per- rs at"the above port ; reports that Don
pmnimddelrafge
9 0 3 2 prime
Ll PPed sho
L into teuts of applause, and immediately afterwards more betokened a destitution of all religion, than to treat it as of painful recollection. I now stand before a great meet- son' without coon:
siaderingj whether he was known or no' to him. apn lan e passenge
h.
26 3 9
3 4 3 6 Pork, large
h Ith prime small g 4 0
e le nrci G "is carriage and proceeded to Kelso. = a matter that might be taken up and laid down at pleasure ? ing of intelligent fellow-countrymen, for the first time edro was recovering is ea .
210 4 4 —small 3
I hnve sMth t th H s f Commons was not infallible •
! The Dutch mail brings the funds higher. Veal
~ sat, aed
erne' then descended from th b 1
e -a-cony amidst cheer- On these grounds the London University vvas established. that I have attended a public meeting since I ceased to and 0 a-
R a t. ouhe o .
Lamb Is 6d. to 4s. Gd.
0 eeelf.aetinntitreq his carriage (whence Lady Grey had the His Lordship then alluded to the Royal Grant, and said it had be a servant of the people as their Representative having, b dtht th M"nistr was not
y infad.hr resen aeye _as see e e 1 . y
' f lliele By the mail from Ostend we have no news of importance.
THE FUNDS, NEWCASTLE CORN MARKET.-Sept. 19.
.
k much of the Wheat to-
, tp 0,41g5),
,°' witnessing the whole of these interesting pro- been applied strictly to its original intention, and again re- their favour, formerly obtained the highest object 'of an Eng- We airee• P atgrtee
twith line ttha. neithnedr otfmutis
his
iit.n
wae i .
had Mtf th prices of the foreign funds received this day The weather having been wet flue wee
n 1 tive demand,
. 44,47, west'lels4l.
„took his departure towards Kelso, accompanied turrd thanks for the honour done him. lishman's ambition, by being elected Member for the Count
y been an aadmrioniesstraan Ad
tion at
mthitenstirmaeumw,
eawmild
hgve,
a passed the fromotsheoConetinent comes higher, in consequence of which the day was in poor condition, but, having a free
ospe_ouls.
per
emu_
5, uY deserZodf. the town, as on his entrance, by the cavalcade het Veery Rev. Principal JACK, as Provost of Old Aber- of York, and having since been removed from that exalted sta-
the d off readily at an advancej f ii
whole_ was edeare e. . . . .
~,
h,...._
the hi:Mere
f deen, h n conferred the Freedom of that Burgh on the Lord tion, to fill the highest place of a profe Catholic Emanci t• B'll we heve no love for the Pope, Ennlish and foreign markets were better on their opening.
Asinpal ril :11l ' a ..,1-,ltion. ...„_ ,_ ~ . .Pa
.10.1.1___ 1 ,
r _ 40 - ................
-- Chancellor-which 1,,,,,,,,,,. le. r -s.a.e. _I 1 , , , ,

" His Most Gracious Majesty King William the Fourth, and
may God bless him," drank with all the honours. Air—
" God save the King." " Her Majesty the Queen, and wel-
come home again." Air—" Rule Britannia." " The rest of
the Royal Family." Air—" I'll make you be fain to follow
me." These toasts were all drank with great applause.
Provost BLAIKIE then rose and proposed " The Lord
Brougham and Vaux, Lord Chancellor of England," with all
the honours.--( Drunk with tremendous cheering. )
Lord BROUGHAM—WhiIe I feel, and shall ever be most
ready and most proud duly to acknowledge, that this reception
is, in a great degree, owing to your respect for, your love to,
and your veneration for, that most gracious Monarch, whom it
is the pride of my life to serve ; and I wish I had half the
merit to deserve the confidence which I know I so fully
possess, of that Sovereign who lives in the hearts of all his
subjects, and for whom you have, shown your respect in the
person f one of his Ministers, and his most confidential ser-
vant ; - yet it would be affectation in me not to acknowledge
that I live in your affections as a Scotchman—as a popular
Minister—as a.friend of the people—as one who highly respects
the institutions under which this great country has grown and
flourished—as one who,while he is ready to lay down his life to
preserve those institutions--(cheers)—yet as one also who would
go to the uttermost ends of the earth so to improve those institu-
tions, as to make them yet more deserving of the veneration and
the love of the subjects, and more fitted for lasting endurance,
because yet more entitled to perpetuity. ( Renewed cheers. )—I
speak to Scotchmen, to educated men, to reasoning men, to deli-
berating and reflecting men, and therefore I have no occasion
to say that the avowal which I have now made of my political
principles, is an avowal of those principles which have actuated
me ever since I came into public life. But though a friend to
the institutions of my conntry, and ready to lay down my life
to stay the pollution of these institutions, yet when at the same
time and in the same degree, and at the same sacrifice, and
with the same resolution of self-devotion, I avow myself a
friend to the Reform of these institutions. I say nothing
inconsistent, for the one part of the proposition stands and
lives only in company with and twined round the other
part.--( Cheers.) It would require a fool, an absolute fool,
to suppose that there was any inconsistency in the two propo-
sitions, and yet I have heard it stated lately that I have re-
linquished my principles as a Whig, my tenets as a Reformer,
my desire to improve the institutions of the country, because,
in speaking of the present House of Commons, on one day
I said, as I have said to-day, and as I will say while I live, thitt
an assembly more grave, more patriotic, and of more spot-
less integrity, the history of the world offers no example of.—
( Great cheering.) But while I said this, I said also that that
House had passed two or three Bills which required the corect-
ing hand of the other House of the Legislature, and that the
Lords deserved well of their country for correcting these two
or three bills. Else why have we a House of Lords ? If
any man say he will vote for the motion for abolishing the
Peerage, of which notice has been given that it will be made
next Session, and which, like many other motions for next
Session, will not be made next Session, I differ from him. I
am a friend to the British Constitution—( Cheers)—consisting
of a King, consisting of Lords, and consisting of Commons ;
and I hold that he is an enemy to each, who is not a friend to
all the three. There are honourable and conscientious men
Republicans—deluded men, in my opinion—who hold that
there should be no Lords, and who will end in holding that
there should be no King. Let them hold their consistency
unimpeached by me—let them impeach me for error, but lam
unimpeachable for consistency, because I am not a Repnblican.
Cheers.) lam for a limited Monarchy. lam for pre-
serving the institutions of the country, and amongst others the
House of Lords. I have an unlimited respect for the House
of Commons, to which few assemblies can be compared, and
which can't be surpassed by any; but when I said that they
had sent up one or two bills of late which I could not conscien-
tiously let pass—l only meant to say that there might be error
in that assembly, but I did not say anything against the vene-
ration, love, and affection, which I bear to this assembly,
which is not equalled by any, and which surpasses most of the
assemblies of which history has left us any trace--( Cheers)
did I say that that assembly was not composed of men? Did I
say that it was infallible ? Did I say that it was incapable of
error ? I said nothing so rash or so unadvisedly as those fools
say who judge after the measure of their own folly, of whom
the wise man has said, that though you bray them in a mortar,
yet would not their folly depart from them. When I saw a
Bill come up from the Commons to disfranchise so many hun-
dred electors of a burgh because nineteen were proved upon
evidence, which was of the most inconclusive and ragged na-
ture, to have received bribes, and when I saw this Bill aban-
doned by the Noble Lord who had taken charge of it at first,
and who is well known to be a staunch friend of the people,
and the enemy of everything like corruption—Lord Radnor,
I mean—when I saw the Bill given up by him, and when I
saw him get up and say, that he approved of, and agreed with,
every word that I had said, and, although there are persons
who kindly choose to charge me with inconsistency on this
subject, avowing this on his legs, I said that to pass such a
Bill was impossible. The House of Commons did not exa-
mine witnesses on oath ; the witnesses told the House of Com-
mons one thing because they were not on oath, and another thing
to the House of Lords because they were sworn—for the House
of Lords could not decide upon hearsay evidence. But I
detain you too long with trumpery matter of this sort.—(No,
no, no. Go on.) What I wish to state is, that I sat on that
arwick Bill as a judge in the chair of the House of Lords,
to decide upon oath ; and, contrary to all my inclinations,
which were in favour of the bill, I decided according to my
conscience, against my sentiments, against my prejudices, and
in favour of my political adversaries, and Lord Warwick, with
whom I was not even personally acquainted. One of the last
causes which I decided in the Court of Chancery was against
one of my oldest political as well as personal friends, because
as a judge I was called to decide upon oath. And was I wrong
in agreeing with Lord Radnor, when he found that the War-
wick Bill must be thrown out ? But I detain you too long by
these observations from a subject more interesting to you and
more dear to myself. I have been charged with inconsistency,
because I have one day declared for Reform, and another day
stated that to preserve the institutions of my country was my
principal object in wishing to improve, reform, and amend
them so as to make them more endearing, by making them
more worthy of the country, and more fitted to endure.—
( Cheers.) This is to me an occasion at once peculiarly gratify-
ing, and at the same time mingled with some degree
of painful recollection. I now stand before a great meet-
ing of intelligent fellow-countrymen, for the first time
that I have attended a public meeting since I ceased to
be a servant of the people as their Representative, having, by
their favour, formerly obtained the highest object of an Eng-
lishman's ambition, by being elected Member for the County
of York, and having since been removed from that exalted sta-
tion, to fill the highest
.place of a professioeal man's ambition,
as well as the highest in the law and in the Councils of my
Sovereign—since that time, I have abstained, for obvious rea-
sons, and to avoid misconstruction, as -you are all well aware
that take what pains a man may, he is pretty sure of an ample
share of misconstruction—l have abstained from all public
meetings. To-day I have broken through this rule, and for
the first time have attended a public meeting. I assure you I
do it most cheerfully, for I am inclined to keep the principle,
and I hold that no Minister ought, to refuse, at the calls of the
people, to appear from time to time before them, and ren-
der an account of his conduct—( Cheers)—and I hold that
in so meeting with my fellow-citizens I am not in the
slightest degree trenching upon that inviolable and sacred duty
which I owe to that Prince whom I have the high honour to
serve ; but the feeling of a painful sentiment, mingled in
my mind with the gratification which I feel, arises from the
circumstance, that I have ceased to come so frequently in con-
tact with my fellow-citizens since I ceased to be a Member of
the Commons House of Parliament--(Cheers)—and become a
Member of another House,which is necessary to the Constitution,
and useful in many instances, and has been engaged in useful
labours, and in the last two or three instances rendering into

The Very Rev. Principal DEWAR then stept forward, accom-
panied by the Professors of Marischal College, and read an
Address to his Lordship, to which he briefly returned thanks.
He said he was originally educated in Scotland, and bred at a
Scotch University, and he was a true friend to the system pe-
culiar to these Universities, by which the scholars were left as
much under the roof of their parents as might be. He had
long experience of this system, and it was no fault of the sys-
tem if he did not profit more by it. He was so convinced of
the benefit of this system, that he made it his object as soon as
he had an opportunity to establish with the assistance *of able
men (among whom he alluded to the illustrious poet of the
" Pleasures of Hope") the London University. These efforts
were crowned with success, and the University was under flou-
rishing auspices. The institution was not confined to any re-
ligious sects or parties ; but its doors were thrown open that
all night come and drink of the pure springs of knowledge.—
(Cheers.) It left the parents,—it rationally and religiously
left the parents,--to superintend the moral and religious prin-
ciples of their families. It did so rationally and reli-
giously, because, without this principle, any Univer-
sity was only a University for one particular sect. He
said it did so religiously, because what was more
religious than to give education, and what more opposed to
religion than to deny it to those who could not conscientiously
conform to the principles of your Establishment ? He said
religiously, for what was more destructive of religion,—what
more betokened a destitution of all religion, than to treat it as
a matter that might be taken up and laid down at pleasure ?
On these grounds the London University was established.
His Lordship then alluded to the Royal Grant, and said it had
been applied strictly to its original intention, and again re-
turned thanks for the honour done him.
The Very Rev. Principal JACK, as Provost of Old Aber-
deen, then conferred the Freedom of that Burgh on the Lord
Thancellor—which honour his Lordship duly acknowledged.
The Freedom of the Burgh of Kintore was then presented
co his Lordship by PATRICK BANNERMAN, Esq., Advocate,
who, on presenting the Burgess Ticket, mentioned that it
would have been given to his Lordship on passing through the
Burgh, had it not been for the recent death of the Chief Ma-
gistrate.
Lord BROUGHAM, in acknowledging the honour, said, that a
visit to a dear and near relation bad taken him out of the way
of Kintore.

received by you. With respect to Lord Althorp, I do not re-
quire to add one word to what. your Representative has said.
With respect to Lord Melbourne, in great talents, in exten-
sive accomplishments, in unsullied honour, and strict integrity,
he is surpassed by no minister in this or in any other country.
(Cheers.) As Minister for Scotland—l mean as Secretary
for the Home Department,—in which office he has the ex-
tensive patronage of the Church and State in the whole
of the northern part of the United Kingdom, I have daily
communication with him, and I will venture to say, that a more
honest and conscientious man, and one more free from all idea
of gratifying his personal feelings, in what are called local jobs,
which are so tempting to the virtue of ordinary men, or more
free from any taint, or suspicion of jobbing, I never saw, or
could imagine.—( Cheers.) He did not consider it as patron-
age, but his constant object was to find out the worthiest per-
son, without considering whether tie was known or not to him.
I have said that the House of Commons was not infallible,
and your. Representative has said that the Ministry was not
infallible. I agree with him that neither of us is infallible.
We are a Protestant Administration, and though, if we had
been an administration at the time, we would have passed the
Catholic Emancipation Bill, we have no love for the Pope,
nor believe in his infallibility, or in the infallibility of any
human leader. We are perfectly satisfied with the support of
honest men, who will support us when they think us right,
and Oppose us when they think we are wrong.—( Cheers. )
Now, there is no necessity that we should be as one. We would
be inconsistent if we said—let there be a Reformed Parlia-

Most of the prices of the foreign funds received this day
from the Continent comes higher, in consequence of which the
English and foreign markets were better on their opening.
Consols 901. Spanish was done at 50i 4 ; Portuguese 80k ;
since which they are not so good, owing to the report at Paris
of a change in the Spanish Ministry. Spanish is now 50 to ;
Portuguese 80k I.

NEWCASTLE CORN MARKET.—Sept. 13.
The weather having been wet this week much of the Wheat to-
day was in poor condition, but, having a - the
eat
speculaive demand,
the whole was cleared off readily at an advance of full Is. per quar-
ter from last Saturday. Little doing in old Wheat, the holders
asking more than the millers will give. There was a moderate
supply of Oats, and all the old samples being eagerly bought up
made a ready sale at an advance of Is. per goalie'. No Malting
Barley yet offering. Fine Malt free sale. Rye in limited demand.
More inquiry after Beans. Nothing doing in Pease. Flour slow
of sale.

KEL SO.
-,ast lii
Passed th night about five o'clock, Lord Grey
of til .lei Pated and notwithstanding' the rain which.
was att-.--!4'ugh this town, on his way to Floors.nnldHihsigarrwivialll
tesid lnilshitan'ts were o the watch to get a passing
bfe 4413 ethde isPlafk. on
to the Noble Earl which_ .
fell, l
aLadyl manyce.
'rel)lll4t deo. ia-ro°4ltsally our publicln bodies in this. place, we know,
ation f In our hands, that there will be a
Which was 'on Jedburgh, the county town,
_with an address,
lileeting.
ofutiblaniniously and enthusiastically aadnodptwedhiacthawpiullblbiec
presented b e inhabitants, on Wednesday,
burgh.
ha Mr. Stuart of Alderstone, the
dePuts • e shall al have the magistrates, and
rited littil"' from
Has?,
k.h a Memberrespectable
e
alid a egt"---anot
herwfoinwiVl-nelraonse
addranother
omfromthapt
ernighhoatinmspriy-
of Rox};,tutntion of
•the gentry,yeomanry, and honest peasantry
;Li_
S
parisilAelshire, with an address, numerously signet.' 11.1
Sprouston :21_,Jedburgh, Cavers, Hobkirk, Lillisleat, Minto,um
171iich abo,';'"l 'last, not least in our regard," from Ancr
_ro, in
that parish,e„,.l.2,° signatures were annexed to the address f
-"In two hoirs after it was proposed. These are the

HALF-PAST ONE.
A New Orleans Price Current of the 19th of July has been
received at the North and South American Coffee-house. -It
states that the river Mississippi had risen several feet within a
few days. The weather was warm, and the market was duller
than usual at the present season of the year.
The British as well as the Foreign Markets are not so good
as in the early part of the morning, when Spanish reached
50a at present may be quoted 50* ; Portuguese have re.
ceded from 80i to 804.
Consols have remained steady during the morning at 904 4
for the Account, with little doing.
THREE 0' CL 0 CI.
Consols for the Account, 904 4.

ment, for the purpose of checking Minsier7,ll;l; instant
Parliament was reformed we should turn round and say—
You have no business to object—we are the Ministers, and
you are only the Parliament; but we say, we are only the Mi-
nisters, and you are the Parliament.—( Cheers and laughter.)
If you think we are wrong, tod forbid you should not state
your opinion, and oppose us. We have no overweeningconfidence in ourselves. We feel, certainly, not much dis-
turbed in our spirits at the attacks made on us. The people
are getting knowledge cheap, and the booksellers have at-
tacked Lord Althorp and me, and, by making books cheap,
we have brought all the booksellers on our backs. They
abuse us as much as they can for making books cheap—they
say we should make them dear and choice. They quarrel with
us—we don't quarrel with them. There is a storm brewing
which, I foresee, will end in a serene sky—time will show.
Let them go on in their way, and we will go on in ours. We

New.
ua mobiltaronidl, ................................... .. 46:1
Norfolk and Sudolk 4ls• 42; 3B •
42
Rtalt, Norfolk
----- Berwick anti Scotch 3.k 36,
Foreign
Rye, Norfolk and Siidolk
- Foreign s. --a
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Suffialk...
--- Grinding and Feeding............ 285 Zn;
-- Tick
_a.
White 336. 355. --s —s
Pease,
------ Gr 408. 425.
ay
Oats, Northumberland, P-" 308. 32s — --3.

OUT OF DOOR PROCEEDINGS.
The Lord Chancellor left the Court House on foot, with the
burgess ticket affixed to the front of his hat, in accordance
with the .ancient practice. He was accompanied by Mr. Ban-
nerman, M. P., and on passing along Union-street, they were
much pressed upon by the crowd. They entered IVlachray's
Hotel, and a cry of " the window I the window I" being raised
by the crowd, the Lord Chancellor came to the window, and
spoke nearly as follows
" Gentlemen,l am obliged, very much obliged, indeed,
by the cordial manner in which I have been received by you ;
but as there has been so large a crowd of people collected, I

rotatoe s 254.
20s, MS 23 •
Feed
Foreign ...................
—s... ....
Hour, Fine per sack) Lass: 20.4.
vs..2os.

GENERAL MINA.—It iS said that the Queen of
Spain has it in contemplation to call Mina to tho command of
the army of the north.—Election.

The Duchess of Marlborough left Park•lane, with
her nieces, for Scotland, on Saturday.
