HATTON GARDEN.

Yesterday Thomas Smart, a carpenter, was bron2ht
from St. Giles's station-house m the custody of Wm.
Hersch,ll, 117 E division, and other constables,
charged with having assaulted them in a violent
manner.

---- ---
Herschel) yesterday morning, about half-past four
o'clock, was on duty in Brownlow-street, Drury-
lane, when the prisoner, without any provocation,
called out to him, " You - Spatielis butcher,
I'll Cully you," on which he gave him a tremendous
blow with a stick upon the shoulder, v% 'ltch knocked
him down, and he then swore that he would shoo•
him or any police - that ever offered to interfere
with him. The stick wit b which the prisoner struck
him broke in consequence of the violence of the
blow. Witness instantly secured the prisoner, and
the butt-end of the stick (now prodoct-d), about one
inch and a half thick, when he became very violent,
on being assisted by other policemen, the pri-
sooer kicked them and called them opprobrious
names, and they had great difficulty in taking him to
the station-house.

Other wiinesses corroborated this testimony.
Mr. ROGERS ordered the pris 'tier to find bail, for
the want of which he was locked up.
Da,iel Burke, an Inshma.i, was charged with
being concetited in a despeia e riot and assault, in
which Payck Haley, another Irishman, was dan-
gerously wounded, and others severely injured.
It appeared from the evidence of Wm. M.Finn,
and another constable of St. Sepulchre's, that on
Sunday night last they rec ived information That a
disturbance had taken place between a patty of low
Irish in the neighbourhood of S .firott-hill, and it
was reported that a man had lost his life. They
proceeded to the spot, wh, re they found between
two and three hundred men and women, some of
whom bad children in their arms, fighting in a
desperate manner with sticks, shovels, pokers, can-
dlesticks, and quart vits A great many of them
had cut heads, and t',e injured man was lying in a
state of insensibility on the road, bleeding, while
the prisoner was beating him violenly on the head
with a brass candlestick until he appeared to be
smite oead. On the alarm of the " Police" being
raised the rioters dispersed, but the plisoner was
secured, and Haley, the injured man, conveyed
to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, where his head was
found to be covered with extensive wounds, and
he was pronounced to he in a dangerous condition,
and could not attend to give evidence against the
prisoner.
Tne prisoner said nothing in his defence, and he
was remanded until the fate of Haley be made known
on a future day.

Yesterday John Forbes, a mechanic, was brought
before Mr. W EDGWOOD, charged with assaulting

police constable Hunter, of theft division.
The complainant stated that while he was on
duty the pr• ceding evening in Rotherhithe the de-
fendant, who was rather in liquor, made a great
noi-e in the street, was very diswderly, and refused
to go home quietly. The policeman on remonstra,-
ing with him wa• struck and kicked, and when he
attempted to take the defendant into custody be
was assailed with (brews, the latter t.n ging the mob
to take his pair, and calling out, " We have hottest
juries at this side of the water as well as over at
Spafields." The moment the allusion was made
about the Cdthorpe-street afftir the populace ex-
hibited a wrong disposition to rescue the defendant,
who was at length secured, and after much difficulty
taken to the station-hou-e.
The Magistrate fined the defendant 40s.
Two other men, named inks and Osmond, were
charged with attempting to throw policeman Cotte-
rell into the Thames.—The defendants were fitted
40s. each.

HONOUR TO LITERATURE.—The Royal
Government of Spain has ordered a limit of CERVANTES to
he placed in the front of the house which he inhabited at
Math id.—Literary GazeM.

THE RIVER RESTONICA, IN CORSICA.-
The little river Reatonica, in Corsica, has the wonderful
property of whitening every thing thrown into. Its
waters are ts clear as crystal, and the small stones which
are seen in its bed are as white as chalk. Any kind of
metsi, but particularly iron, when dipped in it, has the
appearance of being plated with silver. The quality of
its waters also isesteeined highly salubrious.

The people of the mail, in its progress from
EdinburA on Sunday night, had a droll rencontre. In
the neighbourhood of the Bield a pony saddled and bri-
dled, but without a rider, crossed the leaders. The corn
pany were naturally alarmed, lest some accident should
have happened to the unlucky wight, whose steed was
thus wandering masterless; and the guard alighted to re-
connoitre. He had not proceeded far, when he discovered
on the top of the wall by the side of the road, something
white, hut whether a ghost or a sheep he was at a loss to
tell. He approached, in the idea that it was a sheep,
when, to his great astonishment, he found that it was a
two legged animal of the male kind, stripped of coat and
waiatco It, and seated astraddle on the wall, which he was
kicking and spurring most furiously, and on which he was
invoking all manner of evil for standing atone still, while
its rider was so anxious to he going. With some gentle
force and a good deal of persuasion, the slev ited travel er
was made to descend from his rough saddle, and, after
being pretty well roused, was directed, as well as ,he dark-
ness would permit, in what quarter to search for his veri-
tible steed. It is supposed that the honest man, under the
combined effect of long sitting and deep draughts,
had
mistaken the 'r dike" for hi • own bed stock, and had
stripped in order to tumble in, but on getting astride the
cope, a change come o'er the spirit of his dream ; and,
fancying himself once mole on the back of his pony, he
began to spur and whip until the guard relieved him...—.
Dumfries Courier.

could he realized, with the payment of 1 000/. or 2.000/.
:merest upon the loan ?—(Cheers.) But even this corn
rens 'lion was suggested as a gift to the proprietors—wha•
-ecurity or guarantee was there? Only the guarantee o
,he faith of the Parliament—that P iament which wa
,bout to hresk its frith with the colonists by the r.onfisca
lion and spoliation of their property.—( Applause.) Wirl
retard to the compensation being regulated by the averag,-
the propo•ition was monstrout. The su,,ject, however,
had been brought formard, and he thought protrac.ior
would be unadvisable; hut, on the contrary, that it
sliould he brought to a speedy issue. He lamented tha
more information had not been soug-t by the Government
from prictical men ; but the Ministry had seemed to lear.
from the West India body as if they entertained an im

preesion that they woul,l not give a fair opinion ; who,
however, he would a•k. so competent to kive that opinion
or to afford that inf irmation, as the parties most into

rested in the measure ? The question was one not onl}
interesting to the West India proprietary, but to the
country at large. He hoped that their assistance wool
be profited by; and he trusted the meeting would always
keep in view, so long as funded property was secure and
protectio❑ aff .rdttl by law, the resistance to this propo-
,ition of spoliat;on.—(Loud and eeneral cheers.)
Lord CO%ISERNIERE spoke as a soldier of some expe
rience, having peen G.vernor of Barbadoes for three
years, and having had the opportunity of visiting all the
colonies of the West India isl inds. He thought that if the
proposed measure were allowed to piss, giving the Go
vernment credit (which he did), for all the hunrani•y an}
one present might be supposed to be possessed of, the)
would ir.flict great evils on the slaves, and ruin upon
thousands both in the colonies and in this country. Iti
his conscience, and on his lion ,ur, the measure was calcu
iated to inflict a serious injury both upon the slaves ant
their families. He would content himself with moving
the first resolu,ion.

Admiral Sir BYAM MARTIN was not a West India
proprietor. He had not a farthing of property in the
colonies, and was entirely unconnected with any persol
tr iding there, but he had accepted the invitation to second
the resolution proposed by the Noble Lord, under the
feeling that it was the bounden outy of every man to
come forward and lend a helping hand to the cause of thi
colonists at a time when he saw them in a most peri'ous
situation.—(Hear.) He• felt also interested as a naval
officer, thinking, with the immoral Nelson, that thi
moment this country lost her colonies, she would have tii
deplore the loss of her n AVV.( .ud cheers ) He lido
served in two different districts in the colonies, and was
a••le to decl,re that the iniquitous and false statements
put firth by the Anti-Slavery Society were most crud
and unjust towards those against whom the asser-
tions were directed.—(Loud cheers.) The p'an pro
posed by Government was most inapplicable ti•
every point which it professed to relieve, and he would
beg the meeting to remember that it wen• directly t.
violate the rights of property, whicb, if attacked in on.
instance, would not be secure in another.—(Cheers ) H
must also state that the mercantile naval service, so much
aided by tie colonies, was the parent •'f the British navy.
F. out it the set vice to which he belonged drew the most
efficient aid, and fur the evil conseqiiences of the proposed

measure of injustic- to the colonies he would nut answer.
The measure was contrary to every human print pie; no
Bill ever passed the Legisla ure, by which the piivate
property of any suhject of the realm was aff eted, if even
for the cutting of a can .1, or toe making of a railway ;
the jealousy of Parlionent was not arrayed against &-)
infringement of the tigh's of proper y; and the same
authority had no more tight to d prive the West Indian of
his ',royalty in the colonies, than to d- p ive a min of his
estates in this country. H was convinced thatif the delusion
spread ablaut' by false representations could give way to
tru h, the voice of the nation would support the Govero•
inent in a m ire equitable ajwitinent of t his great, diffieult,
and important question.—( Hear.) The object of the Wes
India body hail ever heeu tub and ta' investigation, hut
trey hail been met by secret enemies, whispering firth
falsehood over the country, which hid led at the elec
tions to pledges alike disgraceful to the constituents
who asked and the canoidate who gave them.—
(Cheers.) He hop, d, notwithstanding the pledges
given under delusion, that truth would prevail, and that
the Legislature would not content to an act of the
'posttest injustice, and the most wanton spoliation.—.

ud eh.-ere.)
Mr. G. F. YOUNG, 111. P., Raid, the resolution sub
m•tted to the meeting stated that the shippine employed in

:he col 'pial trade amounted to 240,000 ton•; but 1,,

haieved the latest return which had been presented t.•
Parliament showed that it amounted to between 260,000
and 270,000 tone. The result ot experience ot the
effects of the changes in the navigation system of thi-
country was such that he thought no man would augur
very tavouraoly Qs to the transportation of the shippine
trad.• to other channels ; but, notwithstanding this, a
feeling prevailed to which he washed to draw the atten-
tion of the meeting : he alluded to the opinion tha

inasmuch as the supply 01 sugar gave employment t..
this amount of tonoc.,e, by the opening more dis-
tant ports ot the world no injury would be sus-
taiited.—(ll,ar, hear.) The result of the maritim,
changes in this country on the system of reciprocity
hat been the displacement of a large quantity of British
tonnage, and in particular he would mention facts as re-
g irded American tonnage with re;erence to cotton imports.
During the last year the imports ot cotton had been in the
proportion of three-fourths in American bottoms, and only
one-fourth in the Gunn tge of this country ; and the vaive
in dollar., of the expo; ts from this country had been nine-
tenths in American ships, and hut one tenth in British
bottoms. From this result he anticipated that if, with

atal impolicy, reliance should rest upon British shippint
taken from the West India trade beirg employed in im
poriations from other ports, that, sooner or later, those iin
porrations would he made in foreign bottoms, by whir; "
navigation could be pet formed at a much cheaper rate that.
at present could be done by British ship.. The effects of
the proposed measure would be most disastrous to Britisi
shipping, and having said thus much, he would refrain
from going into the details upon the subject which had as
sembled the present meeting.—(Hear.) With respect to
that sutiject, he however must observe, that he had base')
himself on the principles of the resolutiiins of the House ut
Ciiminons passed in the year 1823. On those principle
lie was anxious to s-e the emancipation of the slaves car
tied into effect. The period, too, had lirrived when it
could no longer be delayed, but he also thought that tai"
and equitable compensation ought to accompany that great
act of national restitution.—(Hear.) If the British Mi-
nistry would but have dared to tie honest on this question
line of demarcation wuu'd have been drawn between the
unconditional emancipators and the great bulk of the
country, which would have consented to bear a portion of
the means of compensation.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put from the chair, and car
tied unanimously amidst loud applause.
Lord Commit was old enough to remember when tin
slave trade was carried on in British ships. and had re-
joiced in its abolition, which he only hoped had been
general.—(Hear ) It appeared to him if more prudenca
was not now manifested with regard to the emancipatio:
tit the negroes than hail been shown on the subject of the-
sid it
Bil
British ships
trade,.wboiHup
?edthe
e:
do the
trahed tmoe
toe,:
same.—(Cheers.)
se,uni
.teunqn,
(Ut
Ctri consequences
sssa.
assured
stTui
wgr:aedfsretatonbhnnoa,
it:fhhijoeere
sudden ab 'titian of the law!. would ensue in the other
y
t
nce
of the measure which had assembled the present tneetin.
would be most ru,noo to all classes—none, indeed, wow(
.escape. He concurred in the sentiment that an incon
ceivatile injury would be inflicted upon the Britisi
navy by the destruction of the colonies. He trusted wile
his Majesty's Government were masts aware of the sent.
meuts of the highly respectable and influential body I,:
which tie was surrounded, consisting of the most fibers
and enlightened class in the world,—he meant the British

Mr. FITZGERALD, M.P., supported the resolution. He
leprecated the proposed me ,sure as most unjust, anti
•alled upon tie fundholder to mike common c-ityw with
-he West India proprietor against t e innovation upon
prop-cry. The fundholder knew nut how soon his oaoB
torn might c ,me.—(ll-ar.) He could not but d prerate•
r. ‘e manner in which petitions were got up and sent to'
oath House,. of Parliament, praying for uneonditiona;
anticipation. These did not speak the sentim nts In the.
people, but were manufactured /tomds rls upon hundreds
in the city of London. He was c oivince I thrt the ro4-
jority of the nation wished for rinancipatinn upon hit.
sod equitable principles. He was himself an advice:* tof
Inanely/Pion upon the principles laid down by Mr Cans:
.ing in 1823, and on th sse principles had been re urn d
t., Parliament without opposition by a large and inde-
,rendent constituency. He could not coorlu•le without
.uggestiog the propriety of an opini n being expressed
1 the West India holy upon the amendin-nts intended to
oe moved by the Hon. Member for Sheffield (Mr. Buck-
ngham) and the Hon. Member for Kidderminster (Mr.
Golson) on the resolution proposed by h., 1114jesty's Mi-
nisters. It was, in his judgment, desirable that t e senti-
ments of the r ody should be known on this subject.
The resolution, having been put to the meeting by the
noble ch &man, passed unanimously.
Mr. JEREMIAH HARMAN moved the third resoluti-n.
He was an advocate, under certain conditions, for the ahri-
.ition of slavery, and, though he abhorred the very name
at slave, yet he Ind a still greater abhorrence of doing an
ict of injust;ce under the name of hnnaanity. Such was
he measure now under the consideration of Parliamen,
hut he was yet willing to hope that, after the demonscra.
ion of feeling which had that day been made, hi- Mijes-
y's Government, if they had sufficient independence left,
would pause before they involved themselves in this elite-
graceful epol,ation.—(Cheers.)
Sir CHARLES NMI, Bart., briefly seconded the resod
lotion. It had Breen said that the state of the county
was such as nut to admit of comp-nsatios, but he appre-
hended that means might be devised to meet the justice of
the case, and at the same time mercifully to emancipate
the slave population.—(Hear, hear.)
Tne resolution was then pissed unanimously.

Sir M. S STEWART, B .rt. M.P.— My Lord Harewood
and Gentlemen—l have been honoured by being dehi, ed to
.oi ()pose to you the fourth resolution. Before I make the
very few observations which I shall presume to do, in
deference to you, as proposer of a resolution, I beg to eg--
phin why I, almost a stranger to the great majority
amongst you, should at this momentous time—at this
tvvelttlo hour of the di-tress of the West India planters. put
myself forward in the situation which I now fill. Inde-
pendently that I have an indirect interest in the colonies,
I have the honour to represent a couoty—Renfrewshire, in
which are the two sea port towns of Greenock and Port
Glasgow—seaports which would wool. h ove risen from
oheir insignific,nce, bad it not been for the trade with
,he West India Island».--(H••ar, hear.) At the pres.-nt
momentous perio•l I felt it due to their int. rests--I flon-
,wered it as a solemn and sacred sentiment of duty to
o•orne forward at this agony, it I may cal it so, and throw

niy, as I think every individual should do bin, mite into
...ur scale.—(Cheers.) The ocean itself is composed of
•lrops, and if every drop were to withdraw itself, under
the plea of its own insignificant-, where wont' be the
ocean? It would be more thin presumptuous in me to
•-•nlarge on your better information with any general obser-
vations of mine, more especially after the plain, prudent,
s,atesman-like speech of our Noble Chairman—(CCorers)
—or the practical observations of the Gallant Naval
Officers by whom lam surrounded. We have had great
:ithor,ty —the aiithorvy o• quit great. part-ha N•Ioo —his
g ory filled the bor eon when I was a boy_ as a man I knew

.
tu—aud I knew him tor a hero, a stst,timan, and a
p trittt—and with him I firmly believe that England an
never be injured more severely than in her West Median
Colonies. The resolution which I have re d demands no
ouservation from me. It shows how large—h .w
aud co extensive the West India interest is with

every interest in the sta•e. It iden•ifiee it..elf with
every ramificAtion of property. Thousands and tens
i thous aids who hay. no direct connection with

yet feud their prosperity involved in the settle-
ment of this greet question. The adjustment now to
be mad-, be it remembered, is a final adjustment; and I
do not hesitate to say, that of the three great questions now
,ending in Parliament, this is by far the must imoortant,
because it is 6ntl—( Hear, hear)—and bec.use, in settling
it, we have to deal with elements infinitely more auseep-
lble than those connected with even the Charters of the
Bank or that of the East India Company.—(Hear.) In
proof of this, I only appeal to the felings of every indi-
,idual present, to the intense anxiry with which every
individual looks to the effect produced by the annuunce-
lient of this proposition in the West Indies, whether the
stream, which it will swell to its full height, will sweep
.way the islands with its torrent, or whether, by wisdom,
nod:-ration, and prudence, they may yet be preserve f
Hear, hear.) 1 shall only further say—and I say it with
4 spirit of sorrow and sineerity--that this qu.stion far
eY"n'i party—(Hear)—it is far beyond this government
it that Government—it is a question which strikes at the
iehility and best interests of the empire.—(Hear ) I say
t us much, to show that my political faith in ELI' Grey
nil Mr. Stanley is not shaken. I believe them to be
awes% and able Ministers, and I be ieve that, in a f w days
oefore the question comes on in the House of Pirliam-nt,
• hey will listen to and adopt some of the just complaints
And arnen4tuents of the practical, experienced, and ag-
grieved West India planters.—(Hear, hear.) I could en-
Arge longer on this question, but feel it impossible to add
to what has been already said. I trust Parliamen• will
attend to the practical suggestions wade to them, and deal
.ut a large measure of justice to thr numerous class of per-
sons scattered throughout Great Britain, consisting of
widows, orphans, minors, annuitants, and other claimants
under wills and settlements, who have no support for them-
s -lyre and their families, except a ch age upon colonial
property created on the faith of existing laws.—( Cheers.)
Mr. H. BLISS seconded the resolution. The measure
p oposed won d reduce many pers.‘ns from affluent or easy
eiicuinstances to want, distress, and beggary—a elm, too,

who could not dig, and to beg would be ashamed !"
I-Liar, hear.) Another Bonaparte, or a visitation of
Providence, was less to be dreaded, and would be trifling
compar.tively with that which now threatened the colo-
ai.s. Let the meeting bear in mind what was to be gained
and what lost. The colonies supplied produce to the
.mount of from 10,000,0001. to 11,0G0,0001 annually,
nil consumed of manufactures between 4,000.0001. and
.3,000,000/. There were employed in the tra to not less
hen 230 000 tom of thipping, not to enter into the trade
wising from the mutual interchange of commodities be-
tween the southern and northern colonies, and amount.ng
nnually to upwards of 2,000,0001. and employing ship_
ing of 100,000 tons. If the one branch was stfaick
t the other would be
sensibly
eseinrbedl
yannoagffemeretcutl
c,thhi
them,
7npoblteei
cdiadte:ssdtrsohwy
shake
ktdhe.
,he interests of the othimerpetrhiaalt
GtloiveerdnemstertuacLion(Choeef
rt.h.e)
ito:eierr
confidencenwoorut hl
would deeplyrn cionlotan;e:
Yu man could doubt hut that this at ack upon
he West India colonies would effect a deficiency in the
,venue of 7,000,0001. annually, which would then make
he woik of confiscation go round ; and he would here
quire how that deficiency was to be supplied?--
Cheers.) Would the importation of foreign sugar de
his, or would it not rather tend to enhance the pr cc, by
vhich the system of slavery would be perpetuated irnfrod-
eign lands—a system which the abolitionipts .
ma_hey could by this measure terminate and de.trotyo.
join
They
)
e
( C
ownhentertainr 8.
.—(Clarets.)
ltee
r‘ principlesare‘
bs
• ailed, ton, upon the West India proprietors to
11.0
its
his cant—this morbid anti theatrical phi ant, ropy—t
‘ssietnenlare,ttion, orby which its nide-
s
° not
•
htieh
cow,ehough o)unftgri
aiyhcc
othrwuottholpii
eecg,,yigit:cwbe.arreaiins
Id be maintained. The dignity of his
.tion could not be enhanced by spoliation, or by the
laptioo of a cheap erali,y in snfrauchisine the sla.e,
ith an
.ation had received the value for the slave popu!atiou,

and baring got rid of them, cries oat against the
iniquitous traffic, and demands their release from thral-
dom. The. proprietor seeks bark his purchase money;
the abolitionist say., W,116 out the stain of sl,ivery
from the nation's character, and he (Mr. Bliss)would
respond, Do so ; but not with the blood of the whites.—
(Loud cheers.) The object of the meeting was to prevent
this most unjust spoliation—this attack upon the power
and wealth of the nation. Let the complaints he loud,
and tlr, Legislature would probably listen as they had done
to the 177.000 sentimental spinsters who had, in petition,
veotured to submit council and advice to the British se-
sate.—(Cheers and laughter.) He should hope that the
influential persons by whom he was surrounded, and who
eves engaged deeply in the hueiness of life, would, at
least, prevail as much as the Tahithas, Dircase,, and
Priscilla., who knew life only from novels and romances.
and ye, addressed the Legislature. He trusted the colonial
empire would not be frittered away for cant and sentiment,
or that this country would not lay violent hands upon her
own possessions. If the colonial dominion and the supre-
macy of the seas were thus maintained, it never could be
said that as a nation England had, by passing such a mea-
sure as this, decla-ed herself incompetent to rule and un
worthy to maintain these possessions. —(Loud cheers.)
The resolution was then carried unanimously.
Earl Sr. VINCENT moved the fifth resolution. The
Noble Lord deprecated the Ministerial measure as must
unjust, impoli.ic, and injurious to the best interests of the
state. The planters had never refused to consent to eman-
cipa,ion, provided proper componsation was allowed them ;
but up to the present time no such proposition had ever
been made.

Mr. N. Ma Lcot.st briefiy seconded the resolution,
which was passed un,nimously.
Mr. J. lavisra, in moving the adoption of the sixth re
so.ution, went at considerable length into a detail of the
communicstiona between the deputies and the Govern-
event on the subject of colonial slavery, the particulars of
which have already been before the public. The Hon.
Gentleman added, that on Saturday the deputies, as well
as some other delegates from Bristol and Glasgow, had
another interview with the Right Hon. Secretary for the
Colonies, when they had pressed him to expl.in what was
the amount of the sum intended by him for compensation,
as he then called it, but which was not the term used in
the resolutions he hid laid an the table of Parliament.
The Right Hon. Gentleman declined stating anything
further on that head, adding that he was not authorized
by the Cabinet to tnent'on the sum ; upon which the de•
potation said that unless something explicit was stated, by
which the cultivation of the colonies and the co-opera-
tion of the colonists were secured, they could not consent
to lend their hands to commit an act of suicide.—(Cheers.)
Mr ANDREW CriovtLE seconded the resolution, which
was also passed unanimously.
Mr. J. HORSLEY PALMER proposed the seventh reso-
lution. He concurred in all that had been said upon the
propriety of emancipation with due regard to the rights of
property. The colonists hail ever been ready to meet the
question with fairness, hut it was impossible they could
consent to the reckless spolia-ion which would result from
the adoption of the Ministerial plan, and which would
endanger the whole frame of society. Ihe property of
the plan•er had been secured by a hundred Acts of Palia.
ment, and no Minister had a right to tamper with that
property.—(Hear, hear.) It tended much to shake the
credit and confidence of the country. The events of 1825
proved what was the effect of confidence and credit shaken;
but he feared those events would be but as nothing in
comparison with results to be anticipated from the passing
of the proposed measure, for be would maintain that in
such an event there would be no security to the funded
property in this country.—(Cheers.) The funded pro
jierty was but secured by one Act of Parliament, while
the property of the colonists now assailed bad the protec•
tion of a hundred statutes, which seemed to avail but little
against this first proposition of gross violent spoliation.
It it passed. what was to prevent an acquiescence in the
doctrines of Mr. Cohbett and Mr. Attwood, and take off
one-fourth from the value of the pound note ?
Mr. Law's seconded the resolution, and cited the lan-
gnago of Lord Stowell, declaring the slaves in the cold_
Hies to he the inalienable property of their masters. He
contended on this authority, and other decisions, that
emancipation without compensation would be most unjust.
Lord W. Pour.xrr moved the eighth resolution, and
expressed his conviction that the proposed measure was
both unjust and impracticable.

Mr. G. HIBBEKT seconded the resolution. The mea-
sure, if carried, would inflict a death blow upon the colo-
nial, commercial, naval, and financial interests of the
country. He was satisfied that if en inquest could he held
upon the colonies by Lords Vincent, Nelson, Gardiner,
and other distinguikbed officers whom he had well known,
the verdict would be that the body came by its death by
suicide during an interval of mental derangement.—
(Che!rs and laughter.)
The resolution was carried.

The EA of HA REWOOD, after announcing that he
should probab!y not be in Parliament when the petition
was presented, reminded the meeting that it was possible
that branch of the Legislature might attend to their
had hitherto done some service, and he would
wilt every man to consider whether the attempt which
had owe been made to o7errule the acct on of that assem-
bly had placed the tights, interest, and safety of the nation
on a better footing than before.
On the motion of Mr. FULLER, seconded by Mr. K.
Douot.ws, thanks were then voted to the Noble Chairman
by acclamation.

On the 'notion of Earl ST. VINCENT, the thanks of the
meeting were unanimously voted to George Hibbert, Esq.,
for his &hie advocacy of the cause of the West India colo-
nists,

The meeting then (at a quarter-past 5 o'clock)aeparated.

GERMAN PAPERS.

DRESDEN, MAY 20.—The following notice has been
issued from the department of the Minister of the In-

terior :---

" Information having been received that the Imperial
Austrian Government har been induced, by the recent
attempts at insurrection made by the Polish refugees who
have hitherto been tolerated in Gallicia, to order all such
fugitives to be sent away from that province ; it is to be
apprehended ti,at some of those individuals may attempt
to proceed to the \Vestern States, particularly the kingdom
of Saxony. In order to prevent this, all police authotities
have been directed not to allow any Pole to enter the
kingdom of Saxony, no matter whence be may come,
unless he is authorized by Russian or Prussian passports
to return to those States, and is sure of being again re-
ceived in them. Such therefore as arrive at the frontiers
are to he refused admission. and those who may be met with
on this side of the froniers are to be stopped and conveyed
back by the road by which they entered the country to the
nearest foreign station."
" Dresden, May 16, Department of the Interior "
HANOVER, MAY 18.—Some time ago the " London
Society for the Relief of Foreigners in distress," which
is honoured with the august patronage of her Majesty the
Queen, issued an appeal to the ladies of Germany, cant:
on them to send articles of their own work, &c., to be sold
in London, for the benefit of that society. This appeal
has been supported in our city by her Royal Highness the
Duchess of Cambridge; and, in consequence of this, so
large a quantity of elegant work has been received here,
that as it was necess try to fix a value on them before they
were sent to England, they have been estimated at 4,000
rix dollars. An exhibition of this work, which was trade
here fir the benefit of our poor, produced 100 rix dollars.
lier Royal H.gliness, the Duchess of Kent, returns thanks
i❑ the Gazette to all the contributors.

TRIESTE. MAY B.—The new Greek silver coin is called
drachm, and is composed in 9-10 silver, and 1.10 cop
per (4,029 grammes of silver and 0448 grammes of
copper). The copper coin is called lepton, and contains
1,299 grammes of copper —lOO lepta make a drachm.
Besides the drachm there are al..° pieces of the value of
five drachms, of half a drachm, and of a quarter of
a drachm. In copper there are half.leptss and pieces of
five and ten lepti. Gold 20 and 40 drachm pieces are
to he coined. The gold and -ilver coins have on one side
the King's boat, with the inscription " Otbo, King of
G,eeee ;" and on the other the arms of the kingdom, and
the value of the coin and the date of the year in figures.
The circulation of all other kinds of coin is annulled. The
toll?wing coins are the only ones taken at the Treasury,
winch gives in exchange new coin according to the fol-
lowing tar:if

The Franc
Five.franc piece
Twenty ditto (gold)
Forty ditto (ditto) 22 33
New Louis d'Or
DoHare (Tallero Colonnato)
6 3
Maria Theresa, and 'other Austrian and Bavarian

Dollars 5 78
Austrian Sovereigns (gold)
Austrian and Bavarian Ducats l3 is
Dutch Ducats
111usticu, MAY 18.—Al1 the despatches and pri,ate
letters from Greece, which have b?en so long and so
anxiously expected, bave been bro.:glit from Trieste by
M. Von 'Tustin, Captain Trentini, the bearer of them
from Napoli, having to perform quarantine at Trieste.
Frankfort Papers, May 22.
01.1)E1421711.0, MAY 10.—We hear that our portion or
the principality of Birkeufeld situated on the other eid

EDINBURGH STEAM SHIP.

THE UNITED KINGDOM, Steam Ship,
D. TURNER, Comtnan&r, will start from off
GREENWICH, for EDINBURGH, on FRIDAY, the
7th, FRIDAY, the 14th, and FRIDAY, the 21 .t June, at
Ten o'clock in the Evening, calling off SCARBOROUGH,
weather permitting.
Passengers will be embarked at Greenwich, free of ex-
pense, as formerly.
From the extensive improvements which have been made
during the lapt winter in the hull and machinery of this
vessel her former speed will be greatly increased.
Goods and Parcels received at the Spread E igle Office,
Regent-circus, Piccadilly ; Cross Keys, Gracechurch-
street ; and Downe's.wharf.

Berths may be taken, a Plan of the Cabins peen, and
every further information obtained, by application at the
Spread Eagle Office, Regent-cirrus, P.ccachliy (the only
%Vest-end Office, or to GEORGE BELL, 157, Fen-
church-street.

with troop, were to leave yesterday for the
same destination, under the command of a
British ofticer of high rank. We may
expect, therefore, that in a month at the ut-
most, the great blow for which preparations
have been so long:'making will be struck,
In a military point of view, the chances of the
Constitutionalists are decidedly superior to those
of the Miguelites. This is the opinion of the
Duke of WELLINGTON; but his Grace seems
to consider that Don PEDRO has no prospect of
being supported by the people, without whom
he cannot expect to prevail. We hope the
Duke will be disappointed.

Yesterday an exceedingly numerous meeting
of West India Proprietors and others took place
at the City of London Tavern, for the purpose
of petitioning Parliament on the subject of the
plan proposed by his Majesty's Government for
the emancipation of the slaves. Of course, as
we have before observed, the planters oppose the
present as they would any other plan. They were
hostile to Lord GODERICFI'S plan, they are hos-
tile to Mr. STANLEY'S, and they declare in one
of their resolutions of yesterday, their hostility
to any plan which does not have regard to the
future, as well as to the present, condition of the
negroes, which does not provide for the future
cultivation of the colonies, for the preservation
of the lives of the inhabitants, and an adequate
compensation to the West India planters. As
the emancipation of the slaves must take place,
we are persuaded that this declaration of the
planters that it shall not, for to that do their
resolutions amount, can only tend to prevent
any regard whatever being paid to their pro-
positions. As the slave owners continue as loud
as ever in their professions of desire for the abo-
lition of slavery, let us examine separately the
conditions which they now for the first time
fairly put before the public as those alone on
which they can consent to the emancipation of
the slaves. It is doubtful what the planters
mean by the future as well as present condition
of the negroes. If they mean the welfare of the
slaves in a future state, we can only say that the
agitation of the question of emancipation has
done much in getting them to admit that their
" live stock" have souls at all. We rather
imagine, however, that the sentence is only a
synonyme of the condition of providing " for
the continued cultivation of the colonies." Now
there cannot be the slightest doubt in the world
chat if the West India proprietors offer adequate
wages, labourers, both black and white, will
flock to them. If the real amount of labour to
be performed on a sugar plantation is as little as
they represent it to be, there can be little doubt
that labourers who now go to Canada, to
Australia, on account of the high wages of-
fered in those colonies, would, under suf-
ficient inducements to counterbalance the
disadvantages of climate, flock to the West Indies.
If, by the " continued cultivation of the colo-
nies," the planters mean forcing the negroes to
give their labour for less than it is worth, then is
slavery continued. This is, in fact, what the
planters do mean. Colonial estates will continue
to be cultivated after the slaves are emancipated,
just as much as they are now, if the proprietors
choose to pay labourers for doing it. To insist
upon having the labour without any payment, or
with less payment than the labourers are willing
to take, is to insist upon the continuance of slavery
under another name. With respect to the
condition about preserving the lives of the
inhabitants, it is an absurdity. The mere
fact of the cessation of slavery will ren-
der the situation of " the inhabitants"—by
which term a planter always means some
twentieth part of the inhabitants—will be
rendered infinitely more safe than it is at present.
The " periodical burnings, rapes and massacres,"
which now take place, will of course cease.
" Adequate compensation," in the idea of West
Indians, meaning the receipt of thirty or
forty millions sterling, and preserving slavery,
we need not detain our readers by dis-
cussing it. We have repeatedly admitted our
willingness to allow the West Indians some
compensation ; but it must be no more than a
compensation for injury they will sustain by
the emancipation of the slaves. Now, their
pretensions in this respect are perfectly mon-
strous. In the report before us, almost every
speaker tells us that West India property is
worth nothing, that it is ruined, that it yields
no profit, &c. &c., and yet they ask for thirty
or forty millions sterling, as compensation for
losses to be caused by the emancipation of
their slaves. The plan of his Majesty's
Government may in parts be objectionable,
may in its present state be impracticable, but
assuredly the plan, if we may so call it, of the
planters, is still more objectionable, still more
impracticable, and we would again urge upon
them the necessity of showing a greater disposi_
tion to meet the wishes of the people than they
have yet done.

We have been favoured with the sight of the
model of a new mode of railway conveyance,
which, if brought into use, will present extraor-
dinary advantages to the public. It is on the
principle of the Saxton locomotive pully, and,
according to the calculations of the projector,
who is an engineer of some celebrity, the average
rate of travelling will be nearly thirty miles an
hour on a light railway laid upon the ordinary
the least expenditure for
road, without requiring
