(From the Pilote of yesterday.)

PARIS, Nov. 3.—M. de Villele transacted bu-
siness with the Kiug. The King went out at
two o'clock, and took a ride towards Vincennes.

It is affirmed at Paris that M 4 de Villele has
definitively obtained from his colleagues the dis-
solution of the Chamber; but it is not known as
yet what he is to give in return.

It appears certain, notwithstanding the efforts
of the French fanatics, that the liberty of
Spain will not be entirely extinguished,
and that something will still remain to that
country of the Revolution of 1820. Counsellors
more wise than those who dictated the Decrees
of Santi Petri, -Xeres, and Seville, have caused
Ferdinand to listen to his interests, and to the
wishes of the public voice. It is said the King
,has listened to the pressing solicitations of his
true friends, and that the Peninsula is on the
Point of receiving a Constitution, in exchange for
that which existed before the entrance of our
troops.

C,

ITY, Twelve o'clock.--Both the Bank and
Stock Exchange are shut this day, owing to its
being the sth November : but the Auction Mart
Coffee House Is opened, where persons, on pay-
ing one shilling each, are admitted to an oppor-
Unit,' of having "a spec." in the different Funds.
Consols have been done at the above, Coffee-
boll e, at Bsl to I—and Spanish at '284,
_litter but the
have fallen again to 2811.—The Expresses
from Nil have brought the French Rentes at
89r. 65c. after 'Change, and Spanish 33 Ex-
-dividend. We have no reports this morning.

No little sensation was excited yesterday in the
City, by the appearance of a Prospectus for a
.l(ap of £640,000 to the Knights of the Order of
Si• John of Jerusalem, who having, it appears,
obtained a cession of territory from the Greeks,
hare suddenly started once more into the rank
of a Sovereign Power, under the direct sanction
and approbation, as they declare, " of the
French Government, and other European Pow-
ors."--.The securities which the Order offers for
the PrePosed loan appear to be substantial, and to
be so ample as to inspire the monied interest with
sufficient confidence to embark in the loan on
the terms • propo-es d• 'There can be no doubt,
therefore, but that the required amount will be
furnished ; and there can be as little doubt that
it will enable the Order both to establish itself
in its new seat of Government with becoming
sPiendour, and to co-operate efficaciously with the
Greeks in resisting the re-imposition of the Turkish
.3reke on the fine provinces which have been
1
ttelY wrested from the Porte by the valour of
their Christian inhabitants. In so far as this
;level and extraordinary proceeding is likely to
he favourable to the cause of the Greeks, we can-
Slot but view it with satisfaction, although it is im-
11°131ble not to see that even in this affair, politi-
411Yinsignificant as it may appear to be, France is
if°ing'!"'yond us, and is silently laying the founda-
.lens for her future influence and ascendancy in
the East of Europe as well as in the West ;
I
nd
that whilst she has been openly engaged
'ithr"ing the Peninsula at her feet, and in in-
_.egeing even with the new States of South Ame-
r' a (one of her confidentialagents which, by
thq w. •
') ISa Knight of this very Order of St.
Julie of Jerusalem), she has not been unmindful
of the adv antnges Which may be derived hereaf-
ter ftote
'e establishment of one of her pro-
tegtes •
in Greece' The
resumption of sovereignty
t'9 the ci d
1 --leafit Knights of Malta, is, neverthe-
ess/ an •
Interesting event, and associates itself
go ,L
the imagieation with the glories of the age
Chi
tofere yt and with the splendid services here-
conferred by this Order in particular
lipoß „
%Aril(
en
esapprehension has been
pres`s...4
om. An
" that its re-establishment will involve
eat 13
rit I a
right
to nln a discussion respecting her
the possession of Malta; but as that
slaea
4) which had been captured by BOON A-
wrt,
was not only wrested from his hands
444tigland, but was formally ceded to
t the
sl Peace of 1814, her right to a posses-
treatoofo
y, ended in conquest, and recognized by
the 7 "not be successfully disputed, though
e, gitB should eto ttieven revive their pretensions
formerFra seat of Government and though
th nce should propose that settlement of
tit the
it
- tee
''"
`should he referred to a Congress of
ltletS !" The consequence of the

original capture of Malta by the French,
was the annihilation of the seat of Govern-
ment of the Order, and the dispersion of
its Members over the different countries
of Europe. It continued, however, to exist
without the consolidation of a settled and central
Government, and still possessed very consider-
able revenues, besides a large tract of country in
France, which, by a law passed since the restora-
tion of the BouanoNs, reverts to them. The Order
always included a considerable number of indivi-
duals of the first families of the different countries
of Europe ; and its determined valour, in the
support of Christianity, during many centuries,
entitled it to that support which it received from
the different European Powers. To the skill and
bravery of the fleets and armies of the Knights of
Malta was Europe long indebted for its best
protection against the plunder of pirates, and for
the ransom of those unfortunate Christians,
whom the successes of the Turks, and their
dependants, the States of Barbary, had con-
demned to slavery.—We subjoin the Prospectus
of the Loan :

" The Order of St. John of Jerusalem is a Sovereign Order.
It has existed more than 700 years, and is acknowledged by all
the Powers of Europe. It exercised all the rights of Sovereignty.
—possessed fleets and armies—named ambassadors—coined
money..L.had its flag, levied taxes, &c.
" This Order is composed of individuals of the noble families
of the different nations of Europe. Its seat of government was
originally Jerusalem, subsequently Rhodes, and, lastly, Malta.
" BUONAPARTE captured Malta ; but Great Britain having
conquered the island from the French, it was finally ceded to
her by the treaty of Paris, in 1814.
"Thus, not only the island of Malta, but also property to
the amount of 300,000,000 of francs, sold during the revolution
in France, were lost to the Order. It, nevertheless, has pre-
served its political existence throughout Europe, waiting a
favourable opportunity to plant its standard in a place of go-
vernment.

" The emancipation of Greece has presented that opportu-
nity. The Greeks reclaim their alliance with the Order, which
formerly possessed the bailiwicks of Negropont and the Mona.

" Treaties have been entered into, and cessions madeto the
Order, by Greece. These circumstances have given rise to the
present Loan, of which the following are the principal condi.
