FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

'PARIS, APRIL 2.—Au express was despatched
this morning from the hotel of the Russian Am-
'•iassador for St. Petersburgh, An extraordinary
courier has arrived this morning from Madrid.
The individual arrested in the department of
the Sarthe, and who was mistaken for General
Berton, arrived last night at Paris with an escort,
and was conveyed to the Prefecture of the Police.
On the 27th a domiciliary visit was made in
the apartment of M. Bodin, at Rennes ; he was
'formerly Captain of the Staff, and was absent.
Two letters from General Berton were found
among his papers. According to the Echo of the
;West, Crom which we take these details, one,
elated 181-8, was written by the General to M.
,Bodin, who had formerly Leen his Aid-de-Camp.
The other, of 1821,-i-elates to an account for a
•pamphlet, some copies of which the latter had
been commissioned to dispose of.
We just learn," says the Echo, " that, by
an order of the Minister of the Interior, sent by
telegraph; M. Bodi❑ has just been arrested in the
'family of his mother, at.Conte l'Abbe, and con-
'eyed to the prison of Quimper."
It is said that just-as M. Bodin was arrested
he was preparing for a journey.
A new domiciliary visit has been made in the
"house of AL Cossen, at Nantes, which does not
Feem to have furnished the police with the infor-
mation which they sought.

It is asserted dint besides the Piedmontese
Refugees at Paris and in the neighbourhood,
N. de Saitit Alarsan, the younger, and several
.others at Lille, have also been arrested.

Accounts from Rennes announce the arrest of
an Aide-de-Camp of General Berton, at Brest,
just as he was endeavouring to procure a passage
r.on board a ship, which it is conjectured was also
:to receive the General him Self.

FRENCH FUNDS.
April 2, Five per Cents.: Opened at ^B7 f. 50. e.
Fell to B7 f. 35 c.
And Closed at 87f. 60 c.
April 3, Five per Cents. Opened at
..Closed at B7 f. 80 c.

HERMANSTADT, MARCH 18.--The news from
'llloldavia and Walachia - inspires horror. The •
Asiatic troops lay waste every thing with fire and
sword. Even the city of Jassy 'was on fire in
several places on the 12t1► March ; whole streets
were burnt to ashes ; we tremble for Bucharest.
The Kiaja Bey has published, that if he was
-forced to evacuate the country he would carry
all the male inhabitants into, slavery, and that he
would not leave.a village standing. .
The fugitives.reach our frontiers almost naked ;
:the soldiers strip them of all their clothes.
VIENNA, MARCH 23.—A courier who arrived
unexpectedly from Constantinople the day be-
fore yesterday, has brought news from that Cap'-
, la! of the 6th of March. The Divan has decidedly
rejected the -Russian Ultimatum, and the Reis,
Effendi has notified this rejection in a Note to
:the Ministers of the mediating Courts, conceived
in no very temperate terms. The note which
-.our Internuncio, Count Lutzow, despatched im-
Eniediately after to our Court, was instantly _com-
,municated to the Russian Ministers, Golowkin
and Tatischeff, who immediately transmitted it
,to the Court of St. Petersburgh. We are im-
,vatient to know if AL de Tatischeff will prolong
stay in this capital-.
SEM lAN, MARCH. 18.--,(1321 -Express.)—Extract
,from a private communication.—" Tartars des-
patched froth Constantinople on. the 10th of
March have brought important news to the
..32acha of Belgrade, and to the Servian ,Prince,
Milosch. What I had foreseen and said in my
,preceding letters has been fully confirmed. The
,death of Ali Paella has not only inflamed the
-leads of the'Turkish populace, braille Divan it-
-sell partakes the general intoxication. On the•
128th of February last, the grand Council of the
Sublime Porte assembled all the Chiefs of the
Ortas and of the Janissaries, and several thernas
had been summoned to this sitting of the Divan,
which is never done except when a declaration of
• 'war is in agitation. The Assembly unanimously
rlecided on-rejecting the proposals of Russia, the,
acceptance of which had been so warmly urged by
4he Ministers of Austria and Great Britain. The'
•.,Reis Effendi immediately announced to the Eu-
-ropean Ministers, by, a note, conceived in terms
-.the most insulting to Russia, that all its demands
'•-were rejected. It said that Russia had violated
.the treaty-of Bucharest, by refusing to deliver
np the traitor and the rebel Suzzo ; and that,
'far from delivering him up to the just vengeance
•of the law, it had received him in the- most
,frieLdly manner, and had supplied him with
-money for his support; ,that another,enemy of
the Porte, Alexander Ypsilanti, had appeared in
,th.. 3 Russian uniform,- and was, in fact, but •an
-agent of that Court;. that the Greek churches
-,-might be one day rebuilt, , but never. till the re-
bellion of the Greeks was entirely stilled ; that
the principalities of Moldavia and Walachia could
-not be evacuated till the same -epoch; and that
as for the nomination of Hospodars to govern
those provinces, the .Porte was resolved never
more to intrust such' functions to Greeks, which
is equivalent • to the total annihilation of the po-
litical existence 'of the two provinces. • In
-short (adds the writer of the letter) I could
scarcely . believe my eyes on reading this au-
thentic act, so contemptuous and insulting is
the style of it..; and it;is easy to foresee the
• impressions which such a Note must make on the
.:I;:mperor Alexander, .however mild and pacific
-Tie may be,and though the Greeks for some time
past have accused him of •looking with indiffer-
ence on their cause and their misfortunes."

After having pitied the, Greeks, the author of
;the letter deplores also the fate of the European
-Diplomatists at Constantinople, ,who, after 10
•tnouths' constant •etl'orts and daily labours, he-
-hold the arrogance and insolent audacity of the
barbarians destroy the whole pacific edifice
-which they had taken such pains, to rear.
A new Turkish army.is. assembling in the en-
virons of Nyssa, and another on the•frontiers of
3osnia. The troops in the environs of Sophia
have set out for,the.llannbe. It is expected that
.the Turks will shortly enter -Servia, and the

situation of Prince Milosch, when. hostilities
break out, may become very critical.
lONIAN 'ISLANDS.—Accounts from Zante of
11th February say, that the division of the Ot-
toman fleet, which lately left Constantinople, has
been seen off Navarino. It consists of six ships
of the line and two frigates, and has troops and
ammunition on board. According to the last ac-
counts only four millions were found in Ali's
treasury (3,600,000 francs).
AUGSBURG, MARCH 29.—(Extract from a
Private Letter.)—The news that we received
to-day from Warsaw positively announces -war,
The Generals-in-Chief of the Russian Armies
of the South and the West have had to attend
a Council of War at the grand head-quarters at
Minsk, in which the operations of the campaign.
have probably been decided on, according to
despatches brought by an extraordinary courier
from St. Petersburgh. It seems that the Rus-
sians will shortly enter Walachia and Moldavia.

It is affirmed that in a note subsequent to its
Ultimatum, Russia had demanded of the Porte a
large suni to indemnify it for the expellees caused
by the great armaments which it has been COITIp
pelled to make in consequence of the insurrection
of the Greeks, and sanguinary scenes at Constan-
tinople,. The same thing was done when Austria
sent an army to.occupythe kingdom of Naples.

A Ix-LA-CHAPELLE,MARCH 31.—(Extracyrom
a private Letter.)—Private letters say that the
arrogance of the Divan was such in its ne!,-ocia-
tion with the Ministers of Austria and England,
that the latter,. who has exhausted all the re-
sources of diplotnatic skill to ensure the main-
tenance of peace, was himself wearied out.
The rejection of the Ultimatum has given a
decisive Wow to the Austrian , paper currency.=
From the T.O to 25th March, the great banking
and commercial houses at Vienna sent numerous
expresses to their correspondents in the com-
mercial cities of the west of Europe. On the
other hand, the Office of Foreign Affairs and
the British Minister at Vienna have despatched
courier upon courier to London. The silence of
the Austrian Obserrcr on the critical state of the
political affairs of the east of Europe very re-
markable. People are curious to see the style of
the first article which their Ministerial Journal
(which has never been a moment favourable to the
cause of the Greeks) will publish on this subject.
PETERSBURGH, MARCH 13.—1 t is affirmed that
the fleet will be speedily equipped again.—The
expected return of M. de Tatischeff, which will
be in about three weeks, will probably throw
some light on the present state of the political
relations.

COPENHAGEN, MARCH U.—The health of his
Majesty continues to improve daily.
HANOVER, MARCH 27.—1 n the. night of the
22d, a dreadful fire destroyed in four hours time,
in the town of Diepnau, in Hoya, the town-
house and 143 dwelling-houses.

Thum:, MARCH 15.—An English sloop, in
nine days from Patras, brings the following
news :—" On the 2d of March the Greek fleet,
70 sail in number, sailed into the Gulf of Patras,
where the Turkish fleet, nearly equal in num-
ber, had• arrived before it. The battle that
ensued was fought with great obstinacy on
both sides; it continued during the greatest
part of the night ; the darkness, indeed, in-
terrupted it for some moments, but it was
always renewed with more fury, and lasted
twenty-eight hours. At the end the Turkish
fleet, which was completely defeated, was forced
to seek safety in flight. The result was, that the
Greeks captured twenty-five ships,. ran five
Turkish ships aground, and blew up two Alge-
rine xebecs.—The Greeks lost seven vessels,
which were sunk, and their Vice-Admiral I3otaze
with his brig. The brave Admiral being between
the two xebecs, fired a red hot ball at one of
them, which fell into the powder-room, and set
fire to the vessel. In blowing up it destroyed
also the Vice-Admiral's brig and the other xebec.
The Turks, pressed on all sides, fled with the
rest of their ships, and hastened to the Gulf of
Lepanto. The Greeks, having detached some
of their vessels to convey their prizes to Nava-
rino, folloWed the Turks to the above-mentioned
Gulf without obstacle through the Little Darda-
nelles, and prosecuted their advantages."
