LONDON, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 8, 1839.

FACILITIES of EMIGRATION to NEW
ZEALAND.
The Directors of the New Zealand Land Company hereby give
Notice, that Purchasers of Orders for Land at any of the Coms
pang's Settlements, desirous of emigrating to New Zealand by way
of New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, or South Australia,
or in vessels proceeding direct to New Zealand but not char-
tered by the Company, will be entitled to a Payment by the
Company, towards their Passage to New Zealand, of 601. for
every 100/. which they shall have paid for such Land Orders.
By means of the establishment at the Company's principal
Settlement, of a Branch of the Union Bank of Australia, funds
may be transmitted to New Zealand without risk or trouble,
and without deduction for commission if received by the depo-
sitors in local notes. Deposits for this purpose may be made to
the Union Bank of Australia, No. 38, Old Broad-street.
Full particulars may be obtained on application to the Se-
cretary.

By order of the Board,
JOHN WARD, Secretary.
New Zealand Land Company's Office,
1, Adam-street, Adelphi.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S.—YEsTERDA-r.

The room was very thinly attended, and the betting too flat
and unimportant even to permit a regular quotation. The
only bets we heard were 1,000 to 30 agst Bokhara, 1,200 to
800 on Wardan agst Grey Milton, and 200 even on Muley
Ishmael agst Launcelot, and the same on him agst Glenorchy
(in one bet). 10 to 1 was offered agst Lord Jersey's lot (take
11 to I), 17 to 1 each agst the Angelica colt, Launcelot, and
Wardan, and 2.5 to 1 agst Grey Milton. On the Oaks 3to 1
was offered agst Crucifix net p.p., and 4 to 1 agst her p.p.

INTELLIGENCE EXTRA.
GOODWOOD, 1840.

FIRST DAY.—The Levant Stakes of 50 alms each, 30 ft, for
two-yr old colts, Bst 71b, and fillies, Bst 31b. The winner of
the July or Chesterfield Stakes, or either of the Two-yr-old
Stakes at Ascot, to carry 51b e xtra. Half-a-mile.—Duke of
Richmond's f b Glaucus, out of Baleine—Lord G. Bentinck's
b c The Cornet—Lord G. Bentinck's ch f H. R. H.—Lord
Kelburne's b e by Muley Moloch, d by Actaeon, out of
Georgians—Al r. Gratwicke's ch fby Actaeon, out of Frederick's
dam—Mr. Wreford's br c by Camel, out of Escape—Mr. S.
Herbert's ch c by Emilius, out of Nanine—Lord Eglinton's
br c Assagai, by Muley Moloch, out of Zohrab's dam—Fulcvar
Craven's b c Grecian, by Glaucus, out of Squib—Mr. Sadler's
oh f Diversion—Lord Exeter's Brother to Candia—Col. Peel's
Brother to Whim—Col. Peel's c by Plenipotentiary, out of
Mary Ann—General Grosvenor's Hue Pill.
THIRD DAY.—The Molecombe Stakes of 50 sovs each, h ft,
for two-yr-old colts, Bst 71b ; and fillies Bst 41b. T. Y. C. A
winner, before starting (matches and handicaps excepted), to
carry 51b extra. The winner of the Lavant Stakes to carry 71b
extra. No horse to carry more than 71b extra.—Lord G.
Bentinck's ch f H.R.H.—Lord G. Bentinck's b c The Cornet.
Lord Kelburne's b f by Jerry, d by St. Patrick.—Mr. Wre-
ford's bc by Sultan, out of Monimia.—Mr. S. Herbet t's ch c
by Emilius, oat of Nanine.—Mr. S. Herbert's b c by Bel-
shazzar, out of Quid's dam —Lord Eglinton's b c Assagai.—
Mr. Sadler's br f Defy.—Mr. Payne's eh f by Langar, out of
Emigrant's dam.—Lord Exeter's brother to Candia—General
Grosvenor's Miss Amy.—Captain Williamson's b e Mobarek.—
Captain Williamson's ch f Decision.

GOODWOOD, 1841.
FIRST DAY.—The Drawing-room Stakes of 25 soya each,
with a bonus by an Indepeneent Subscription of 10 sovs each;
three-yrs-old ; colts, Bst 71b; and fillies, Bst 21b; the winner
of the Derby and Oaks to carry 81b extra ; the secor.d fer
either, 41b extra. Once round Drawing-room Stakes Course;
the second to receive 100 sovs out of the stakes.—Duke of
Richmond's fby Glaucus, out of Baleine—Lord G. Bentinck's
ch f H: R. IL—Lord G. Bentinck's ch c Mustapha—Lord G.
Bentinck's b e The Cornet--Mr. Greville's b c Jack Sheppard
—Colonel Peel's bro to Whim—Lord Kelburne's b c by Muley
Moloch, dam by Actaeon—Lord Jersey's bl c Black Hawk, by
Buzzard, out of Alea—Lord Lichfield's bro to Phosphorus—
Lord Lichfield's c by Peter Lely, out of Margrave's dam—Co-
lonel Anson's f The Witch of Whorley Hill—Duke of Bed-
ford's b f Snowdrop, by Doctor Syntax—Mr. Wreford's b c by
Sultan, out of Margellina—Mr. S. Herbert's ch c by Emilius,
out of Nanine—Mr. Sadler's br f Defy—Lord Miltown's b c
Fidhawn, by Sir E. Codrington or Delirium, out of Brandy
Bet----Mr. Payne's b c Escort—Mr. Etwall's b c Thistle
Whipper—Lord Exeter's c by Sultan, nut of Velvet—Lord
Exeter's ch o Czarovitch—Lord Albemarle's ch c by Doctor
Syntax, d by Catton—Mr. Fox's f Delusive—Captain William-
son's Mobarek— Captain Williamson's St. Cross—Mr. Rush's
br c by the Exquisite, out of Maresfield's dam—Mr. Isaac
Day's ch c Marius, by Mazeppa, d by Whalebone—Colonel
Wyndham's ch c Sledrnere ,by Hampton, d by Young Phantem.
TRIAD DAY. —The Racing Stakes of 50 sovs each, for three-
yr-old colts, Bst 71b; and fillies, Bst 41b. The winner of the
July, Clearwell, or Prendergast Stakes, to carry 31b. extra;
of either Riddlesworth, Column, Newmarket, 2,000 gs,
1,000 gs, or Drawing Room Stakes, and the St. James's Pa-
lace Stakes, and 100 sovs Stakes at Ascot, to carry 61b. extra ;
of the Derby or Oaks, 91b extra; a winner of both Derby and
Drawing Room Stakes to carry 1 11h extra. The New Mile.—
Lord G. Bentinck's ch c Mustapha—Lord G. Bentinck's b c
The Cornet—Lord Kelburne's bl c by Muley Moloch, out of
Miss Whip—Lord Eglinton's ch c Zamiel, by Mu] ey Moloch, out
of Spaewife—Lord Lichfield's brother to Phosphorus—Lord
Eglinton's Assagai—Lord Lichfield's c by Peter Lely, out of
Margra.ve's dam—Mr. Wreford's b c by Sultan, out of Margel-
lina—Mr. S. Herbert's ch c by Emilius, out of Nanine—Sir
R. W. Bulkeley's ch f by Colwick, out of sister to Ainderby—
Lord Orford's brother to Ascot—Lord Albemarle's ch c by
Taurus, out of Perfume—Captain Williamson's b c Mobarek—
Captain Williamson's b e St. Cross—Colonel Wyndham's b c
Yorkshireman, by Hampton, dam by Phantom—Mr. King's e
Hambleton.

Sweepstakes of 25 sovs each, for foals of 1839, to run at
two years old ; colts Bst 71b, and fillies Bst 31b. Untried horses
or mares allowed 21b ; both 51b. T. Y. C.—Lord G. Ben-
tinck's c by Bay Middleton, out of Chapeau de Paille (both
untried)—Lord G. Bentinck's c Misdeal, brother to Revoke
—Lord Kelburne's ch f by Retainer, out of Emelia, by Abjer
—Duke of Beaufort's ro c by Camel, out of Miss Craven's d;
Mr. Dixon's ch f by Elis, out of Walfrema (both untried)—
Mr. S. Herbert's c b Elis, out of Clara—Mr. S. Herbert's c
by Hercules, out of Nanine—Mr. S. Herbert's c by Muley
Moloch, out of Tesana—Lord Orford's f by Bay Middleton,
out of Gold-pin (31b)—Lord Lichfield's cby Bay Middleton,
out of Zillah (h untried)—Lord Lichfield's c by Bay Middle-
ton, out of Miniature (h untried)—Colonel Peel's ch c by
The Colonel, out of Hester (31b)—Mr. Thornhill's b a by St.
Patrick, out of Shoveler.

LAST. DAY. —The Nassau Stakes of 50 sovs. each, for three 7

yr-old fillies (now yearlings), Bst 71b; the winner of the July,
Clearwell, Criterion, or Prendergast Stakes to carry 31b extra;
of either Riddlesworth, Column, Newmarket, 2,000 gs, 1,000
gs, or Drawing-Room Stakes, and the winner of the St.
James's Palace Stakes, and the 100 sous. Produce Stakes at
Ascot, to carry fib extra ; of the Derby or Oaks, 91b extra ; a
winner of both Derby and Drawing-Room Stakes, to carry
121 b extra. The new mile.—Lord G. Rentin,k's ch f H. R.
11.—Lord Kelburne's b f by Jerry, out of Purity—Colonel
Anson's The Witch of Whorley Hill—Mr. Payne's ch fby
Langar, out of Emigrant's dam—Lord Exeter's f by- Reveller,
out of Gi eon Mantle—Mr. Fox's ch f Delusive—Captain
Williamson's ch f Decision—Captain Williamson's b f Affection
—Mr. Nevill's ch f Hilarine, by Belzoni, out of Amadou's
dam—Colonel Wyndham's f by Nonsense, dam (foaled in 1828)
by Whalebone.

NEGRO EMANCIPATION.

An Address was delivered on Wednesday evening in
e Finsbury Chapel, before a numerous and respectable

. .
audience, by Mr. Scoble, who has recently returned from
a tour in the West Indies, " for the purpose," as he
stated, " of correcting the misrepresentations of the
press against the liberated negroes and their friends,
and of showing that the liberty conferred on the negro
was not only a blessing to himself but a blessing to his

master."

Mr. Scoble was received with a hearty welcome, and
commenced by saying it was imposiible any one could
have supposed so great a change as the emancipation
of the negroes could have taken place without entailing
distress on a large number of persons in the colonies.
The 'West Indians themselves predicted ruin ; the Go-
vernment anticipated that the change would affect their
welfare for a considerable number of years to come, and
the munificent gift of 20,000,0001. was voted to the
planters by the House of Commons for the purpose
of meeting any loss they might sustain by emancipation.
The friend of the negroes did not anticipate even that
every thing would go on smoothly for some time at
least, or that the returns of the colonies would be equal

to what they had been in years past ; but they did
venture to predict, that when the planters began to
comprehend their real interests, and to acknowledge

their relation with the labourers, that then prosperity
would attend emancipation. Since his return to Eng-
land, he had looked over some of the papers issued by
the West Indian body in 1831 and 1832. In 1832,
the West Indians put forth a manifesto, as they called
it, the design of which was to counteract the effects of
a paper circulated, and bearing the honoured signatures
of Wilberforce, Bustotito... Macauley, and others. In
that manifesto, signed by thirty-one individuals, was
this prediction :—" We assert, in the face of our
country, our well-founded conviction, that the speedy
annihilation of slavery would be attended with the
devastation of the West India colonies with
loss of lives and property to the white inha-
bitants—with inevitable distress and misery to the
black population, and with a fatal shock to the commer-
cial credit of this country." That manifesto was based
on the principle that the West Indian Proprietors knew
better than the abolitionists, what would tend to the
benefit of themselves and the negroes. And Mr. Ba-

ring (now Lord Ashburton), representing that great in
terest in the House of Commons when the Emancipa-
tion Bill was in progress, made a speech in which he
reiterated the predictions of the West Indian body,
and ventured to state that " manufactures would de-

cline, commerce would be withered, ships would lie rot-
ting in the harbours without freight, and the cessation
of the cultivation of sugar, involved calamities of a more
serious description than any which had yet befallen the
country." After uttering these predictions, Mr.
Baring asked, " Was the country prepared to pay
6,000,0001. merely for the sake of trying ex-
periments in humanity?—or was it prepared to lose
3,000,000/. of its revenue from the decrease in the pro-
duction of sugar ?" These wise men (and every body
knew that Mr. Baring was a wise man)—(Laughter)—
thought emancipation would be followed by ruin, but
they would see whether events had fulfilled the predic-
tions of the West Indians and Mr. Baring. First, he

would inquire whether the colonies had been devastated
and ruined by anarchy and insurrection ? It was, pre-
dicted, they all knew, that the Ist of August, 1834,
would be ushered in by massacre and bloodshed.
Well, the Ist of August came—did the negroes appear
in the plantations armed with cutlasses to cut their mas-
ter's throats—did they appear armed to the teeth to take
vengeance on those who had oppressed them in years
pas; ? No, but they might be seen in hundreds and
thousands on that day wending their way to the house
of God, there to render thanks to that Great Being
who had crowned the efforts of their friends in this
country, and bid them to go free. Well, the planters
raid, it was true the Ist of August had passed away
without massacre and bloodshed, but during the Christ-
mas holidays would bring confusion. When the

first Christmas came, which the negro had been

permitted to enjoy as a free man, it was
found the soldier was no longer necessary, and

martial law was dispensed with. Predictions were
made by the West Indian body every year, that this
outbreak, this insurrection, this anarchy and confusion,
would take place ; but year after year bad passed away,
and all had been tranquil.—( Hear, hear.) It was mar-
vellous, but nevertheless true, that with a single excep-
tion, there had not been a riot in any of the West In-
dian Colonies, and he (Mr. Scoble) had searched the
criminal records in vain to find a negro punished for at-
tacking a white man. Then, as to the dilapidated
revenue, as to ships rotting in our harbours, what was
the answer to that? Why he found that this very
year the returns made up to the'sth January, 1839, gave
a revenue to the Chancellor of Exchequer of no less
than 6,455,806/. in coffee, sugar, and rum, sent to this
country during the year 1838.—(Wear, hear.) That
looked very much a like dilapidated revenue.—(Laugh-
ter.) Why the Chancellor of the Exchequer, though he
had presented his Budget year after year, since the Eman-
cipation Act had passed, had never asked the nation
for a single pound to meet any 'defalcation of the
revenue in the West India Colonies. Although the
country had had to bear the burthen of 20,000,000/.
given to the planters in the way of compensation,
nothing had dropped from the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer to lead them to suppose there was any de-
ficiency of the revenue. With respect to the number
of shipping employed, he had taken the trouble to con-

suit official records, and he found that, during the lass
year not less than ten thousand tons of shipping more
were employed than during the year 1837.—(Cheers.)
He found also that in connection with our commercial
marine trading to and from the West Indian Colonies,
there were no less than 27,965 men employed, and he
found the number of ships employed in going to and
from the Colonies during the last year, amounted to
1.904, with a tonnage of not less than 516,174 tons.—
( Hear, hear.) That looked very much like ruin and
devastation.—(Laughter.) He would now go a little
more into detail. He had before him returns of
the amount of sugar exported from the West
Indian colonies during the year 1888, and he
found that exclusive of the Mauritius, 3,504,709 cwts.
of sugar were sent to this country lnst year ; and on an
average of five years from 1834 to 1838 which were
years of great prosperity in the West Indies, there was
but a diminution of 222,726 cwts., and if the imports
from the Mauritius in 1838 were compared with the
preceding year, which was one of great prosperity, it
would be found that 280,999 cwts. more of sugar were
exported from the Colonies than during the preceding
year. But then it was said that Jamaica was the colony
which would feel the effects of emancipation most, and,
according to some writers, Jamaica would be ruined.
He had before him extracts from Blackwood's Maga-
zine of July last, in which he found a statement that
the negroes had, during the period of slavery—
" Two day's a-week, besides Sunday, during which
they were at liberty to work in their gardens, or at
wages on their own account ; and so prolific were the
powers of nature in that benignant climate, and such
the reward of industry and good conduct, that after
being provided, themselves and their families, better
than any peasantry in Europe, they could lay by with
ease thirty pounds a-year. Their cottages were gene-
rally comfortable, often elegant ; artificial wants, civi-
lized vanities, were making rapid progress amongst
them ; and the cheering spectacle of 40,000 negroes in
Jamaica alone, who had worked out or obtained their
own freedom, and were prosecuting with respectability
and success the paths of honest industry, proved that
the sable race was capable, in the end, of bearing eman-
cipation." That was the state of the negroes
according the writer in Blackwood's Magazine
previous to emancipation. The writer then went '
on to state what were the frightful results to
be expected from emancipation, especially in Ja-
maica.—(A, laugh.) He says--" The crop of Ja-
maica for 1838 was barely 40,000 hogsheads, and in
1839 it will not be 10,000. In short, the agricultural
produce of the island is totally disappearing ;
the ne-
•
ne-
groes, in the great majority of instances, either will not
work at all for any wages, or are so extravagant in their
demand for wages, and so irregular and inconstant in
their habits, as to render it altogether impossible to
continue the cultivation of sugar or coffee with
any prospect of profit." The writer then drew a
picture of the dreadful state of degradation into
which the negroes wculd be dragged by emanci-
pation,by considerable saying,number of these
" It would fill a
volume
to and
quote concluded
any
uded
reports : they are all of the same character, and their
c
results will be soon proclaimed in statistical returns,
showing the rapid decline of the agricultural produce
of the whole islands, which will at once silence misre-
presentation and defy reply." Now he (Mr. Scoble)
had the official reports before him, and he found
that Jamaica sent to this country last year
150,000 cwts. of sugar more than she sent
in 1837. So that it would be seen that
whether as respects the revenue or as respects the
amount of produce raised and exported from the colo-
nies.last year, the most gratifying results had 'ensued,
and in having achieved a victory for justice, humanity,
and religion, they had not only secured the best interests
of the negro, but the best interests of his master.—
(Hear, hear.) There were, however, two or three co-
lonies, in which the quantity of produce raised last year,
and exported into this country fell short of the average
quantity sent to this country, during the period
of slavery. The Colonies to which he particularly re-
ferred were British Guiana and Trinidad, but he would
show that the decrease in the amount of produce could
b s iti,factori'y ace.,unted for. The average quantity
of sugar exported from British Guiana in 1831, 1832,

and 1833, was 60,948 hogsheads. The quantity ex-
ported in 1838 was 52,531 hogsheads, showiag, a dimi-
nution of 8,417 hogsheads. But on comparing the first
year of freedom with the last year of slavery, it would
he found that the diminution had only been 6,355 hogs-
heads. In reference to British Guiana, he might say
that the population of that colony had been decreasing

for many tears past. In the year 1817 a registry of
slaves was established in that colony, and every three
years the census of the slave population was taken. In
1832 the registry showed a ,diminution in the physical
strength of the labouring population of 25,000 out of
110,000, or nearly one-fourth. During the period
of apprenticeship the decrease had been equal to that
to which hehad directed their attention, and yet there had
only been a decrease in the exports of 6,355 hogsheads of
sugar. There were other reasons which would account

for the decrease of the exports. In the first place a consi-
derable number of doracstics and tradesmen, now that

they were free, would no longer toil in the field again,
not a few of the women had refused to work

in the fields---(Hear, hear)—and there had been a ge-
neral withdrawal of children under ten or twelve years
of age from working about the
_buildings ; they were

now sent to school, and had the blessing of a reli-
gious and moral education, and he was sure
that every friend of humanity would rejoice at
that.—(Cheers.) Again a considerable number
of young persons had left the plantations—young men
were learning trades of various kinds, and the young
women had obtained situations as servants to families in

the towns.—(Hear, bear.) Then there had been a con-
siderable withdrawal of labour from the Colony of
British Guiana, since the Ist of August 1838, and that
withdrawal of labour connected with the decrease of
the slave population, would more than account

for the diminution in the amount of produce
. _

raised in the colony, and shipped to England
last year. Again, during the period of slavery and ap-

prenticeship, the planters having found the cultivation

of sugar was more profitable than the cultivation of
coffee, took the people from the coffee plantations, and
compelled them to cultivate sugar, while they had the
power of compelling them ; but when a considerable
number of them became masters of their own persons
and time, they did not choose any longer to labour on
these plantations, and many of them went back to the

cultivatien of coffee.—(Hear, hear.) In reference to
Trinidad, there bad been a decrease of about 2,000

hogsheads. In 1833, the last year of slavery, there
were exported from Trinidad 22,925 hogsheads—in
the year 1838, 20,721 hogsheads, showing a decrease

of -2,040 hogsheads.

But he must be allowed

to state that those returns were fallacions—they ought
to inquire for the number of hundred-weights exported,
and not for the number of hogsheads, because during
the last two years he found that the planters had sent
home hogsheads of sugar much larger than they had
formerly been in the habit of doing.—(Hear, hear.)
They would find that a hogshead of sugar would now
weigh 18 cwt., 20 cwt., and even 22 cwt. That had
been done to a considerable extent in Jamaica. It had
been done in British Guiana, Trinidad, and other co-
lonies ; so that it would be seen when the returns were
given in hogsheads it was impossible to form a cor-
rect idea of the amount of sugar actually sent home.
When individuals, therefore, told them of the decrease
in the number of hogsheads, they should ask them how
many hundred weights of sugar less—not how many
hogsheads had been sent.—(Cheers.) But while in
those colonies to which he had adverted there had been
a decrease, in Barbadoes there had been a very large in-
crease. The returns which he had in his possession from
Barbadoes, were more accurate than those with which he
had seen furnished from any other colony he had visited.
The crop in Barbadoes, in the year 1833, amounted to
17,015 hhds.—in 1838, 33,058 hhds, showing an in-
crease of 6,043 hhds. But on comparing the exports
from that colony, from the year 1827 to 1833,
inclusive, he found that the increase during the year
1838 amounted to 9,724 hogsheads !—( Hear, hear.)
Here then were facts corroborated by official docu-
ments, showing that during the last year the amount
of sugar exported from the colonies to Great Britain
was nearly as much as during the year 1837 ;
that, in point of fact, there had been no diminution
whatever in the amount of the revenue to this
country from West India produce ; and therefore they
had to congratulate themselves on the successful work-
ing of the Emancipation Act, up to the present hour.—
(Cheers.) But it might be asked what had been the
exports from Great Britain to the Colonies, for it was
predicted that our manufacturers would suffer, and that
the emancipation of the negroes would strike a deadly
blow to the commercial credit of this country. Now it
would be found that the exports of British manufactured
goods to the Colonies during the period of emancipation
had vastly increased, and that, in point of fact, our
commerce with the British Colonies was never so ex-
tensive or so healthy as at the present moment.—
(Cheers.) From the year 1829 to 1833 inclusive, the
exports of British manufactured goods to the West
India Colonies amounted to 14,069,8791., to the Mauri-
tius 761,677/., making a total of 14,831,5561. From
the year 1834 to 1838 inclusive the exports of the West
India Colonies of British manufactured goods amounted
to 16,504,2031., to the Mauritius, 1,423,5631., making a
total together of 17,927,7661., showing a balance in
favour of freedom, through our commerce with the
Colonies, of 3,096,210/.—(Cheers.) That was the way,
in which Mr. Baring's prediction had been verified.—
( Laughter.) He would now show what proportion the
amount of cotton goods bore to the general amount of
manufactured articles sent out to the Colonies. He
had consulted a table of exports of cotton goods of all
kinds sent from this country to the West India Colo-
nies during thirteen years of slavery, and they amounted
to 349,611,390 yards, being an average per annum of
26,893,183 yards. But in the year 1838 the official
returns gave the amount of 50,291,195 yards of cotton
goods of all kinds, showing a balance in favour of free-
dom of 23,398,012 yards.—(Cheers.) So, with respect
I to all other kinds of manufactures, for the_ negroes were

no longer satisfied with being dressed in baize, and
checks, and Osnaburers, and Kilmarnock caps. They
must have comfortable clothing, and it was a delight-
ful thing to see them comfortabiy clad when go-
ing to their markets or their places of worship.
The negroes were now making large demands upon us
for stockings and shoes, and the returns showed that
11,358/. worth of hosiery had been sent out last year.
Here there were facts which showed that so far from

emancipation having injured the commercial prosperity I ,
of this country or the revenue, that the planters had
reason to rejoice that the circumstances in which they
were originally placed had passed away, and that they
now stood in a new and honourable relation to the la-
bouring population of the colonies. While abroad he
had been exceedingly anxious to get the opinions of
men in the colonies well qualified to give information
on the subject of our commercial relations with the co-
lonies. He would read one letter which he had received,
as it was a specimen of many others. Among other ques-
tions which he had put to them in writing was this—
" What are the articles most in demand for the use of
the emancipated classes in respect to clothing ?" The
answer was—" The articles most in demand are hats,
bonnets, shoes, boots, stockings, printed calicoes, mus-
lins, dovvlas, broad-cloth coats, fancy waistcoats, and
gloves." "Is the demand for salt fish, pork, and other
kinds of imported food, increased since the Ist of Au-
gust last ?" Answer—" From all I have been able to
learn from others, I should say that the demand for
salted pork, hams, rice, flour, biscuit bread, &c., has
increased considerably since the Ist of August ; but I
think the quantity of salt fish and herrings has rather
decreased."—(Great laughter.) He saw they under-
stood what had been the food of the negro.-:-( Bear,
hear, and renewed laughter.) The answer then goes
on—" In regard to hams in particular, I know that
our own importations have been increased ten-
fold, and I am confident that a similar in-
crease has taken place in the importations of others."
Question—" Is the general demand for articles of
wearing apparel, coats, cottons, stockings, hats, bon-
nets, shoes, &c., increased since the Ist August last ?"
Auswer—" The demand for all these articles has vastly
increased since the period referred to ; whilst the de-
mand is very limited, indeed, for those which were usually
imported during the existence of slavery. The articles
usually imported at that time were, coarse felt hats from
15s. to 20s. per dozen ; Monmouth and Kilmarnock caps
from 6s. to 9s. per dozen ; Blue Pennestons at from
ls. to 2s. 'per yard ; checks and stripes for shirts and
women's coats from 3d. to :id. per yard ; Osnaburgs
from 30. to 43-d. per yard. In lieu of these coarse
articles we now import silk and beaver hats, from 425.
to 70s. per dozen ; straw bonnets from 365. to 100 s. per
dozen ; broad cloth for coats, from 7s. to 10s. per yiird,
and plenty of ready-made clothes ; white cottons, unions,
and linens for shirts, &c., from 4d. to Bd. per yard.
Indeed, a vast improvement has taken place in the taste
of the emancipated classes since the Ist of August, in
reference both to food and clothing. I have sold
knives and forks to such persons as high as four
and five dollars per dozen ; coats as high as
fourteen dollars each, and half-boots at three
and four dollars per pair. When marriages
are on foot I have sold bonnets dressed as high as
seven dollars each ; besides hand ribbons, gauze,
shawls, and other kinds of finery."--(Laughter.) The
negroes were now copying the habits of their masters.
Among other things he had been very anxious to learn
whether wedding-rings had been introduced, for they
were not in use during slavery, and the answer he had
received was " Yes, and for other articles of jewellery,
earrings, broaches," &c.—(Laughter.) The writer
proceeded—" You will therefore perceive that these
classes are becoming most important in a commercial
point of view. They constitute a class of buyers with
whom there is tery little risk, because they pay the
