THE SUN, LONDON, ATURDAY, AUGUST 4, ism.

CIRCUMSTANCES OVER WHICH
WE HAD NO CONTROL, HAVE
COMBINED TO IMPEDE THE
PUBLICATION OF THE « EXTRA-
ORDINARY SUN," CONTAINING
THE

in tie majority lie should hdre been in the riiitiorily, afld in
the majoti ir when the Right Hon. Gentleman was in the
minority. Those five+ statements make us, and must make
the publiej aWar@ of the mischievous effects of the CetAN-
tEtt.ott of the E:tetiE4r4tjtit lickvin taken the Vension ins
quiry out of Mr. HAavEv's hands.
ch alriareet de
r°, a ntiodt o'-'fP et
'lb
ke
ofm Otrliael sCity iencgtgof
money,cli
.tl e ht'at „fl4x'pjbr:!ic
g.
sion of public opinion has in putting pecillat ion fo Olathe, and
in branding disgusting pauperism wherever it He found
with honest reprobation. As Ma. HARVEY properly sitid,
there is not one pauper in the receipt of 2s. per week, on
the charitable list of any Union, who, if she had been writ-
ten to, could not make out a goad case for the original
grant and for continuing it. So the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER has made out a case for the paupers on the
Pension List, and has sanctioned their claims by all the de-
liberate authority of the Reformed Hou-sa of Commons.
The Pcn‘ion List is no longer the offspring of Tory corrup-
tion, it is the adopted and beautiful child of the new na-
tional representation. Mr. Met has done a great injury
to public morality and to the cause of Reform. He
has obtained the authority and sanction of the High
Court of the House of Commons for an of-
fence against public decency, which many of these
pensions are ; and he has attempted to make that reputable
which was before condemned as immoral. To make the
public approve of the Pension List is beyond his power,
and he has only degraded the reformed House ot Com-
mons, and inflicted a deep injury on his party.
" The language of the Tory journals in substance is this :
The Pension List was one of the greatest enormities with
which the Whigs and the Radicals ever charged the
Tories, when the Tories had an unreformed Parlia-
ment to shield all their pretended malversations. For
years it was their stock subject of declamation.
But the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, with a
purely Whig -Radical Committee, has closely sifted that
pension list, and he says that the services rewarded by
pensions do the greatest honour to those connected with
the public departments. If no other result had flowed
from the inquiry,' he adds, it would at least have pro-
duced a valuable memorial of the merits of public servants,
which could not be unacceptable either to the House or
the public.' Here, then, is the testimony of the CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER to convict all the Whig and
Radical declaimers, all the champions of Reform, all the
bawlers against Toryism on account of its corruption, of he: ng
bearers of false witness, and of having raised an outcry
about reform and retrenchment, and protecting the rights
of industry against worthless predatory pauperism, for the
disreputable purpose of creeping into office by obtaining an
unjust public verdict against the Tories." That is what
the Tory Journals say, and so the Reformers have to thank
Mr. RICE for having whitewashed Toryism and branded
them as unjust persecutors. Such results may be of'
value amongst certain classes with which the Right Hon.
Gentleman is connected ;—they may be favourably ap-
predated in that country to which he belongs, and which
has been called the land of jobs, but we shall be grievously
mistaken if they are not, by the hard-working, honest,
pains-taking, and considerate people of Great Britain,
deemed utterly ruinous to the reputation of Mr. RICE.
The country might have tolerated an eulogist of the
Pension List in a Tory ; but to find him in a Liberal,
after deliberate inquiry, and while such names as BLost-
. YIELD, CROKER, HOLMES, SCOTT, &C. were on it, is like
being struck down by a friend. Common even-handed justice
required that at least Mr. RICE should have reprobated
with as much indignation the few unworthy pensions the
Committee have struck off, as he warmly praised the pen-
sions worthily and properly granted.

MEDALLION LIKENESSES
OF

AIARSHAL SOULT

AND THE
DUKE OF WELLINGTON,
EXECUTED IN THE SAME STYLE AS THAT
OF HER MAJESTY IN
~THE CORONATION SUN."
THE. PUBLICATION, HOWEVER,
WILL COMMENCE TO-MORROW.
BUT IT WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE
TO COMPLETE IN ONE DAY ALL
THE ORDERS RECEIVED. AS
MANY COPIES OF THE EXTRA-
ORD'jNARY EDITION AS WE CAN
PRINT WILL BE SENT OFF BY
MONDAY'S POST.

*** EACH PORTRAIT WILL BE WORTH
AT LEAST ONE GUINEA. BESIDES
THE PORTRAITS AND WREATHS,
THERE WILL BE CHARACTERISTIC
MEMOIRS, WITH ORIGINAL ANEC-
DOTES, OF BOTH HEROES.
SUN Office, 112, Strand, London, August 4.

" THE SUN,"
GOLD ALL OVER.

The slave holders of the United States, when appeals
come from this country in behalf of two millions of human
beings subjected to sufferings ten times more galling
than any which the brute creation endure, give the Laconic
reply, " you have bequeathed this curse to us." We ad-
mit that when the Colonies separated themselves from
England, for the purpose of establishing a free republic,
slavery existed under the sanction of British laws, but is
it any argument that, because abuses existed when they
chose to throw off their allegiance, they are justified in
maintaining those abuses, and setting all laws, human and
divine at defiance, in order to perpetuate them ? No argu-
ment could lead to greater absurdity. The Americans
know this themselves. They are afraid to hear the voice
of reason in their own county, and drown it by outrageous
clamour or acts of violence, which, elsewhere, would sub-
ject the perpetrators to the punishment of death. On the
slave-holders alone rests the entire crime, for if one propo-
sition is more indisputable than another, it is this, that
had the Colonies continued their connection with
the mother country up to the present day, slavery
would have ceased there as it has now ceased in every part
of the British dominions. A rebellion might have been
raised in the Southern States, but with the strong, the una-
nimous feeling of the British people against slavery—with
the drcided hostility to it in some of the Northern States,
who have now sixty abolitionists in Congress—with the
growing hostility to it in France, and in every European
State except two, and these two the most helpless and
most insignificant ; and, with the physical force of half a
million of able-bodied slaves, anxious to break off their fet-
ters, what chance of success would the wicked have had
against the righteous? The Americans (we mean those
interested in this horrible traffic) ask what right the Eng-
lish people have to meddle with their laws or customs.
Don CARLOS puts a similar question when we denounce
his Durango decree. So does NrcHordis when the voice
of mercy pleads for the afflicted Poles ; and so did the
Grand Turk when England, France, and Russia broke
the chains with which he had bound the enslaved
Greeks. These very slaveholders themselves called
upon France to aid them in redressing wrongs which
were purely imaginary, when compared with the wrongs
which they inflict on fellow-cresttures, destined by their
Creator to the same freedom, but robbed of it in defiance
of his will by men calling themselves Christians, and
boasting that they arc citizens of the most free and pa-
triotic country on earth. The people of England have
long been accustomed to raise their voice against oppres-
sion wherever it is found. No power of Government can
suppress it, and it would be well for the Americans if they
took warning from it in time. Such an anomalous state of
society cannot long last in a free state ; and we counsel
them to choose the lesser evil for their own welfare, as well
as that of their slaves. The idea of a servile war in a
country like America, with two millions of human beings
kept in a worse than Egyptian bondage, must appal the
stoutest heart.

We invite the particular attention of the subscribers to
the Fund for the Relief of Destitution in the Highlands
and Islands of Scotland, to a series of resolutions published
in our advertising columns. We are truly happy to find
that this important question has been taken up as it ought.
to be ; and we now entertain strong hopes that while the
jobbery which would have misappropriated the public
bounty will be defeated, the necessary relief will be pro-
cured from it for the famishing Shetlanders.
A Committee, consisting of the Duke of ARGYLL, Lord
WILLIAM BENTINCX, Lord JAMES STUART, Sir RO-
BERT ADAIR, RUSSELL ELLICE, ESQ, ARCHIBALD HASTIE,
Esq.„ M.P„ ALEX. BANNERMAN, Esq., M.P., and FREDE-
RICK DUNDAS, Esq., M. P., has been formed, " for the
purpose of obtaining for the destitute inhabitants of
the Shetland Islands, part of the fund subscribed last year
for the relief of the destitution in the Highlands and Islands
of Scotland." The plan adopted by the Committee seems to
us extremely well calculated to effect their truly benevo-
lent object. As the "advance-nought" managers have pub-
licly stated that they are readyto refund the unappropriated
part of his subscription to any subscriber who may disap-
prove of the pious scheme for endowing an hospital for
curing the itch, with the money given to save our fellow-
creatures and fellow Christians from a death of starvation,
at the very time, too, that multitudes of them are in vain im-
ploring for foed, the Committee of Relief have proposed that
the subscribers should take the " advance-noughts" at
their word, and reclaim the portion of their subscription still
remaining on hand. For this purpose they have obtained
permission from the Post-office authorities to let their com-
munications pass free through the Post-office, if open, and
endorsed with the words " Shetland Destitution," and ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Post-office ; and they re-
commend that' the subscribers should adopt a certain form
which is subjoined to the resolutions, for reclaiming their
money and transmitting it direct to the Committee at
Aberdeen. who have been in the habit of sending the
supplies of food to Shetland.
We earnestly recommend the subscribers in all parts of
England to lo)e no time in responding to the call
which has now been made upon them. We consider
this an imperative duty. We are sure there is not a
humane or reflecting person who does not concur in the
sentiments which are expressed in the following admirable
resolution, which is the first of the series :
That the Managers of the above-mentioned Fund
having announced, by advertisement in the newspapers,
that they intend to appropriate the whole of the money now
in their hands, amounting, it is believed, to upwards of
10,0001., to objects which, however commendable in them-
selves, were not
i contemplated by the subseriberi, this Com-
mittee protest n the strongest manner against such an ap-
plication of the fund, while the purpose for which it was
raised remains unfulfilled, as an act which cannot fail to
create dissatisfaction and distrust in the public mind, and
consequently to prejudice the cause of charity on future oc-
casions, when it may be deemed neeessary to appeal for the
sympathy of the generous and the humane."

The Paris Journals of Thursday are barren of political
news of European interest. The Charte of Thursday
night publishes the following telegraphic despatch from
Narbonne, which includes the only news of importance
from the North of Spain :

4dvi:es frza d'Urgel cf the 30th ult. st4te that the
