Z/bV A:tll,+

WITH WHICH
THE « TRUE SUN " IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON:
SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 3, 1838.

The communication with which we have been
honoured by Mr. ST URGE, informs the humane por-
tion of the community that their exertions in favour of
the negroes cannot and must not yet cease. The
planters, and the legal friends of the planters who in-
terpret the laws which the planters made for the slaves,
have come to the decision that the negroes on receiv-
ing three months' notice to quit their cottages and
lands, are liable to pay rent for the three months ; and
the gentlemen planters and their attorneys, having the
law, if not the power, on their side, fix any
rent they please, and thus make, of this legal
decision, an instrument of oppression and tyranny.
Those gentlemen seem very much to resemble others
nearer home, who, as Mr. SALT, of Birmingham,
says, " will only be taught by curse and plague ;" for,
after having seen the manacles and the scorpion whips
of tyranny dragged by force from their unwilling hands.
they are now picking up the broken fragments in order
to patch up a new system of legal oppression. We
hope that they will be arrested in their career, and that
the planters who live in Europe will not suffer their
property to be endangered by the interested tyranny of
their stewards and attorneys. Mr. STURGE gives them
an excellent hint, to which, if they are wise, they will
attend in time.

The manner in which the Missionaries take up the
cause of the negroes, illustrates the history of our own
Church. In the early period of European civilization,
nearly all the labourers were slaves, and it was the
great merit of the Christian clergy in those days, that
they took up the cause of the slaves, and stood be-
twixt them and their Roman, Barbarian, or Feudal
tyrants. In those days the Church was properly called
the poor man's Church, for it not only bore to the op-
pressed the unknown and glad tidings of salvation, but
was their earthly protector. The Church, however,
was long ago seduced by the flesh pots of Egypt, to
desert and betray the cause of the slave-descended la-
bourer, and became the firm ally of the descendants of
their oppressors. It still, however, claims the name of
" the poor man's Church," with as much propriety as
the Church of England in Jamaica may call itself the
negroes' Church. When the Missionaries become en-
dowed and teach obedience to the negroes, describing
slavery "as that condition of life into which it has pleased
GOD to call them," and in which they must be patient
and submissive, they will deserve the name of the ne-
groes' friends, just as much as the Church of England
now deserves the name of the poor man's Church.

The explanation yesterday given at the Mansion-
house by Mr. KNILL, relative to the charge of 6d.
on every parcel a passenger brings over in the steam-
boats from Boulogne, was provoked by the publication
in this Journal of Mr. FLOWER'S case. The public
now know the grounds of the exaction, which is not
sanctioned by the Custom-house or the Treasury.
However just it may be to charge passengers for the
convenience of landing their goods at Mr. KNILL'S
wharf, it is a manifest and palpable injustice to take
packages out of ladies and gentlemen's hands to be
landed there, whether they like it or not. If passen-
gers are obliged to pay for portmanteaus and trunks, it
will be their own fault if they henceforth pay for any
little package in their hands ; and we shall have ren-
dered the public a good service by at least limiting the
exaction.

An article which we copy from the Shrewsbury
Chronicle on Dissent and Episcopacy, describes mi-
nutely, and with great effect, the different results of the
endowed Church and of voluntary zeal in providing
religious instruction for the people. The single church
at Newtown, Montgomeryshire, is maintained at as
great an expense as the whole body of Dissenting,
Ministers in the town. The church, however, is com-
petent to hold only 436 persons, and has only 33 free
sittings, while the Dissenters provide accommodation
for 6,000, and free sittings for 1,400 persons. Which
is the poor man's church ? We do not, and will not,
disguise our hostility to the Church, which we regard
as a barrier to improvement, and as the source of much
political oppression in the land ; we should, therefore,
deplore any measures which gave it increased power ;
but we urge on the religious portion of the community
—on the friends of the Church—this striking proof of
its inefficiency, and it is a sample of the whole, as a
reason why they should be ashamed of a contrivance
of which other people complain of as an injury.

A Mr. CLUTToN SALT, one of the Chartists, has
been elected the People's Warden of the Church
at Birmingham, and, on entering his office, has thought
proper to make, what he calls, a straightforward de-
claration of the course he intends to pursue. It is
entitled SALT'S Sermon, and the lay discourse
seems deeply imbued with the spirit of our pulpit
oratory. One might suppose that PHILLPOTS him-
self was speaking, though the sermon wants some-
thing of the spite against an individual--something of
the intensity with which his scorn scorched and blasted
the humbled HEAD. But there is all his arrogance,
all his determination of having and forcing his own
way ; all his thorough conviction, and the conviction
of the great body of the clergy, that they
alone are prophets, and that everything op-
posed to their convenience must be trampled under
foot ; and there is all their thorough disdain
of charity and compromise, and of attention to the
feelings of others. Every reflecting person has, we
believe, long been aware that the scornful and dog-
matic arrogance with which our priesthood and our
landlords enforce their own opinions, and their own
”eculiar tyranny, would beget a resisting arrogance
wally scornful, uncompromising, and dogmatic.
The Chartists, though their objects are much better
than those of their opponents, seem, if we may judge
by Mr. SALT'S sermon, to be a correct imitation of
the priests and the landlords—whose own beloved and
patronised system of force and terror seems now likely
to be brought into operation against themselves. We
give a specimen of the threats of thePeople'sWarden :
A thousand wrongs, each and every
desvterreyngotnheomfotrheegeroiuevnotryst
e and
of
grievous than
are
the Church-rates, undermine
the and
the ruin the happiness of the
made by the middle classes
suffering. The monopolisers ()of psolnietidcas„litrhigthhtesmar,elthraaivteorsimto_
every political duty. I have rea
ounrut
-plored them, I have appealed to their intellects and to their
hearts. I have shown them the havoc of mi
for them, and starvation for the labourer. adder is
selfishness rules them ; when in difficulty, fear. The
Whrlie—le baprokerpoy ucs,
not more hopelessly deaf than these.
I have appealed to the Ministers, as the ey stylhends, ogfivte the
(Gospel, but none, in the blessed spirit of Christ,
the sanction of his name to the cause of the poor, or sancti-
Led it with his blessing. They see a system of legislation
darken all hope with its double curse of poverty and wealth,
degrading or corrupting all. They know that no religion can
-flourish in such a land. They, the professed Ministers of the
Universal Father, look on man tortured by his brother man ;
see poverty trampled by the hoof of pride, and, instead of
seeking to rectify these violent outrages on the doctrines they
pretend to teach, they blasphemously cant of the dispensa-

tions of Divine Providence. no congregations worship the
Priest, and the Priest worships Mammon, and no man wor-
ships God.
" Therefore, thus faith the Lord of Hosts, concerning the
prophets, behold I will feed them with wormwood, and make
them drink of the water of gall, for from the prophets of Je-
rusalem is profaneness gone through the land. Hearken not
unto them, they speak a ♦ision of their own hearts, and not
out of the mouth of the Lord."
Hardened as Pharaoh, there is no mode of instructing the
priests and the middle classes but by curse and plague. The
poisoned chalice must be returned to the lips of these under-
tenants of tyranny. The system must be carried out in all its
deformity, and oppression worked upon them, as it has been
worked upon the people.
We will consent to no particular class being relieved, to
bribe them to sanction the wrongs inflicted on their neigh-
bours. We must no longer steer a middle course, but carry
out tyranny, or regain liberty. Let the middle classes make
their election. They have made me churchwarden, and the
middle classes shall either join us to destroy the system that
maintains the rate, or a rate they shall have, and a heavy one,
to make up for lost time. Their Ministers may comfort them
by calling this a dispensation of Divine Providence. I call it
a blister, to rouse them from their torpor ; and by the aid of
the people, unless they repent, I will speedily clap it on
their back ; for " when there is a respite they harden their
hearts." _ .

'We will listen to none of their tvvitterings about reforming
this or that grievance, be it small or big ; the great grievance,
exclusive legislation, thatbreeds all the rest, must be destroyed.
These are our terms—a manly and cordial effort for Reform,
or the blister.

The advices from Madrid are of the 24th ultimo,
one day later than those which reached us yesterday.
The Gazette publishes the following intelligence from
the theatre of war :

" The Conde de Luchana writes from Haro on the 19th
instant, that Brigadier Castaneda had beaten the factions of
Castor in the Valley of Loba, causing him a loss of two hun-
dred men, adding that he would forward particulars as soon
as he received them from Brigadier Castaneda."

This is sufficiently explicit. The raising of the
seige of Caspe is the subject of the only other para-
graph in the shape of military intelligence in the
Gazette :

" The General-in-Chief of the army of the centre, Don
Antonio Van Helen writes on the 18th inst., from Caspe, that
being informed of the presence of the rebel Cabrera in Lezera,
with 4,000 infantry and 500 cavalry, and that his object was to
attack that fort, he determined on marching in search of the
enemy. But Cabrera, informed of the march of the Christino
troops, retreated towards Maella, on which account General
Van Halen entered Caspe without the least opposition.
General Van Halen adds, that he will forward an account of
the defence of the fort, which was attacked on the evening of
the 16th with two pieces of artillery placed at a very short
distance by the enemy. The General concluded by eulogising
the discipline and enthusiasm of his troops and the defenders
of the fort of Caspe."

The following diplomatic chances are officially
announced on the authority of the Minister for Foreign
Affairs :

M. Jabat, the Secretary of the Spanish Embassy in Londcn,
is to proceed in the same capacity to Paris, and to be replaced
in England by M. Juan Concha, a Chief of the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs previous to the revolution of La Granja.
M. Viniegra bad been appointed Consul-General in Lisbon,
M. Gamindez Consul in Oporto, and M. Hernandez, the
present Secretary of the Spanish Legation in Paris, Consul in
Perpignan.
There is no other news of the least political import
ance in the Spanish Papers. No further changes
were expected to take place in the Cabinet before
the meeting of the Cortes.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Thursday have
been received. In the Journal des Debats we find
a clever article on the treaty just concluded between
Austria and England, respecting the free navigation of
the Danube. The Debats applauds the policy of
England, in drawing as close as possible the bonds of
her alliance with a power too conversant with the ag-
gressive views of Russia not to be desirous of every
opportunity of checking the further extension of her
influence.

The Siecle has a long article on the efforts now
making by Russia to give a preponderating influence
to her views in the councils of Sweden, with a view to
make sure of the passage of the Sound. The CzAn,
according to the Siecle, is only apprehensive of a
combined attack by the Sound and the Dardanelles,
and therefore the master stroke of Russian policy is,.
if possible, to obtain from the Porte and Sweden the
keys of both. In the present temper of England the
writer does not think success to such an extent pos-
sible.

Thursday being All Saints' Day, and observed as a
holiday of the first class in all Catholic countries, no
business was transacted on the Bourse. We find,
therefore, no domestic news worthy of notice in the
French journals.

The Duchess of Orleans has been so much pleased vvitl.
some verses on the birth of Count de Park, composed by M.
Gabourd, of Marseilles, that her Royal Highness has pre.
sented to the poet a remarkably handsome vase in Sevresput-
caiin.

The Duke of Orleans has sent two beautiful baskets of
flowers in Sevres porcelain, and two magnificent pine-apples
to a young lady who, on the occasion of his Royal Highness
passing through Nancy, presented the Prince with some fruit
and flowers.
The Courtier Beige states that an action at law is about to
be commenced against the Infante Don Francisco de Paulo,
upon a bill for 200,000 francs given by him to a Frenchman,
previous to the death of Ferdinand VII., and which was not
honoured when due. At that time the Frenchman was arrested
by the Spanish Government, and was deprived of the docu-
ment, but at the same time furnished with an authentic receipt
for it, upon which he will found his intended process.
The Hanover Gazette announces the establishment of two
annual commercial fairs in the capital, one at Easter for a fort-
night, the other at Michaelmas for three weeks. The usual
import duties will be reduced 33A- per cent. on goods to be
sold at these fairs.
During the month of October the Savings Bank of Paris
received 2,779,073 francs from 20,356 depositors, of whom
3,044 were new, and paid out 2,129,000 francs.
The information which we published this morning after
several Journals respecting the journey of the Duke and
Duchess of \Vurtemberg, was not correct. Their Royal
Highnesses will leave Paris in a few days, but it is to Italy
that they are going.
The action of M. Perier against the Editors of the Na.
tional, the Europe, and the Corsaire, was to have come on
to-day, but none of the parties having appeared, the trial was
pot off for a fortnight. The Editors of the three Journals
I 'id an appeal yesterday against the decision, by which the
Correctional Tribunal declares itself competent to try these
causes.—Moniteur.

The idea of an amnesty for political offences in the kingdom
of Wurtemberr appears to be given up ; but according to the
Wartentbetv Correspondent several of those who are under
sentence of condemnation will obtain a commutation of their
penalty-.
The Paris steamboat, which left Havre on the Ist Octo-
ber, did not arrive at St. Petersburgh till the 14th, on the
same day as the Sirius, from London. These packets were
doubtless delayed on their voyage by the stormy weather, but
their arrival dispels the fears that were felt for their safety.—
Constitutionnfl, Nov. 1.
The Nord, a Lille Journal, says, " The return of the de-
legates of the sugar refiners has given occasion to a new
meeting. Their interest is seriously endangered by the con-
tinual efforts of the sea-ports and the colonies, and much alarm
is felt in our part of the country, where the cultivation of beet-
root is carried on to a very great extent. None of the manu
facturers of the arrondissement were absent from this meeting-
The delegates gave an account of their mission in a remark •
ably able manner—thanks were voted to them. A petition t
the President of the Council of Ministers was signed, tho
purport of which is a protest against any measure which should
tend to prejudice the interest of the French manufacturers of
beet-root sugar. —Le
Temps.
HANOVER, OCT. 20.—1 t is reported that the Bishop of Os-
naburg has brought forward pretensions in religious affairs,
which give reason to apprehend serious differences; the parti-
culars are not known.

The report that an operation will shortly be performed on
the Crown Prince still prevails. His Royal Highness enjoys
excellent health and resides at the country seat formerly be-
longing to Count \Valmoden.
Lc:scrim-to, OCT. 24.--Notice has been officially published
to-day by the Magistrates, that by a resolution of the Minister
of the Interior, there are to be, in future, two annual fairs in
this town ; the Easter fair begins on the Monday following
the Sunday Lmtare, (in 1839, on the 11th March,) and to
continue 14 days; the Michaelmas fair to begin on the 15th
September, (or if that is a Sunday, on the 10th,)and to close
a week after Michaelmas.
PROM OSNABURG, OCT. 25.--From the Bremen Gazette,
It seems that the kingdom of Hanover is also to have its
share in the religious disputes of our times. For some weeks
past there has been in circulation a circular of tht Suffrdgan
Bishop, and Vicar-General Lupke, addressed to the cli•rgy.
dated 2d June, this year, and headed " Propenda in Sinodis
Ruralibus," which contains the following directions respecting
mixed marriages. " Respecting the third point, which was
mentioned last year, viz. ;That absolution is to be refused
to notorious and scandalous sinners, if they do not first pub-
licly make satisfaction, and put an end to the scandal, it was
asked in some of the synods whether this law were applica-
ble to Roman Catholic fathers, who having contracted a mixed
nrarriaye, suffered their children to be educated in a heretical
illnot alter their
warning and can.
', that the unanimous
religion, and after
dit is added,
. received due
utayvi
stcillauneddalOinusspeccotinodnuc? an
