and si,lidity, tec!.ssary to present a true gualanice of the
general Tepose.
"'this Corps of The Army being once disbanded, your Ma-
jesty has no longer any defence against the enemies of your
,pfi'son and of the nation. If we abandon,this position, from
which,we-made t4ie wished tremble, what a vast field will be
open to the culpable hopes of those *ese w4qed vojicts
our union alone prevents! Sill.; the misfortune of innocence
springs from the seductions of the perverse; and the good
heart of your Majesty has'been already seduced by perfidious
Counsels, as your Majesty has declared in your Proclamation
of the WO of March last. Who can assure either your Ma-
jesty, your Ministers, or us, that the disbanding of the corps
has nut been a plot laid against the liberty of our country,

and the preservation of your Majesty upon the Throne.
" Animated, Sire, by the must lively interest fur the gene-
ral good, in which that of your Majesty is essentially inter-
ested, as 'well as that of the Royal Family—convlnced that the

good character which we have acquired among our fellow-
citizens, and even through the world, ought to be preserved
untouched, exempt from all suspicion of treachery or weak-

ness—that our silence would be a crime when onr country
was, on the ere of falling into the hands of its enemies, who
would pronounce the dissolution of the at my—we pray your
Maiestyto give every {attention to this f..r,pose, to weigh the
consequences of the royal order communicated to the army by
the Minister of War, to suspend its effect, and to appreciate
the minister by the step tahen on this Vecasion, which 'might
be the origin of incalculable misfortunes. In our own name,
and that of the army,

(Signed)

" RAFAEL DEL RIEGO.
" LOI'LZ BANOS.'
" ARCO AGUERO.','

NAPLES.
'The follo*ing DOCUMENT has been published
at Naples
•

" AN ADDRESS TO THE BRITISH NATION FROM THE

NIIABITANTS O} THE KINGDOM OF NAPLES.

Let a nation that has produced a Bacon, a Newton, a

fiche, Sbakspeare, a Howard, a Sidney, a Lancaster, as

well as a vast number of other great men—a nation ancient
in the true and solid cause of liberty—listen to the voice of
her brothers, the people of Naples. Few of thy periodical
writers have published a just and correct idea of the happy,
wise, arr.! unstained revolution that has rendered us worthy
of thy sympathy and friendship. One of them attributes it
to party spirit, and another has bad even the impudence to
affirm that our revolution has been operated by the partisans
of our late extinct foreign despot, as if,there could be any of
this stamp amongst us, in sufficient number to influence the
spoitianeims will of the whole nation• These ultra-writers,
while they are unjust towards us, take from thee a portion of
that glory which belongs exclusively to thy nation : for to
thee we are proud to acknowledge that we owe, anti ere lung
all Europe will likewise be indebted to thee for, the inesti-
mable. advantages resulting front a Constitutional Govern-

meta.
" Thou wert the first to give the example by the patriotic ex.
onions of thy forefathers; who by hard lighti ,g, and after the
most severestrug,gles,fjnallyestablishedpoliticaland individual
liberty; and ever since; for nearly the. term of two centuries,
thou host practically demonstrated to the world the advan-
tages inherent in a free .and representative form of govt tar-
merit. Einallyalby thy virtue and heroic constancy thou host
liberated Europe front that collossal despot, whose diabolical
designs were thy more terrible inasmuch as his means for ex-
ecuting them were always adequate to his vast undertakings.
Consequently, without thee, the world must inevitably have
been involved in the most despotic slavery. Hence eternal
thanks are due to thee, 0 generou3 nation ! and thanks which
every day increase in our hearts, now that we are become
free, and that we shall be able to enjoy its salutary edicts.
Glory, moreover, to all the heroes of aVaterloo, where by the
consmumate skill of thy great Captain, together with the
courage and discipline of his irrhiy, the liberty of Europe was
anallY and permalieritly re-established.
" Wilt thou, or rather will those thy periodical writers,
who, from sinister motives, or perhaps from precipitate and
erroneous information, have fatten into such glaring and illi-
beral errors, still continue to discredit the glorious work per-
med by which we consider has entitled our nation
to thy esteem—worthy by our unanimous concord and mode-
ration to he an example even to others ? Will they continue
obstinate by attributing to us wicked ersiglis, secret views
militating a4ainst the general prosperity of the different Eu-
ropean States, or contrary to the conservation of the legiti-
mate dynasties actually at the head of the legitimate Govern-
ments of Europe.?
" Will they declaim against our heroic army, who on no
other occasion were ever more faithful to the oath they had
contracted on their colours—Pro' liege et Pal ria l Or, in
fine, will they confound brizands with soldiers ?
" The dynasty of the Bourbons is dear to us ; we love the
sbn, as likewise the grandson, of Charles ill. It is to hint.
that we are indebted for having been considered as a nation
amongst the European Powers. It is, therefore, a pleasing
seilation fur us to see our happy regeneration accompliihed
during the reign of the son of that great Monarch. Our must
ardent and sincere wishes are for his felicity ; and our most
ardent desire is to have him for our independent King, subject
only to the law's of our Country, which, from his natural pro-
pensity, he has always been t but not, as hitherto, a subject
to his intriguing and perverse Ministers.
" His liberty and our liberty is the same thing ; and we are
determined to support one and the other, at the cost of every
thin:ollot is dear to us.
" Magnanimous nation! to whom Europe is indebted for
its liberation from tyranny—that has abolished the most in-
human traffic in our fellow-ereatures—that has spilt the
blood and spent the treasures of its own subjects, to force the
-African Powers to respect the laws of civilized nations, and for
which, from our local situation, we arc under the greatest ob-
ligation! 0 ! nation eminently free, can these thy afore-
said periodical writers induce thee to despise and reject our
natural rights ? or will it be necessary for us to demonstrate
in our regeneration thy particular advantages, in order to in-
duce thee to approve and applaud our success? No! such
'venal and interested principles can never be cherished by the
majority of the British empire; it would be indirectly con-
demning the glorious exertions ofthy ancestors.
" Our country is rich and fertile fruits nature ; thy people
are commercial, industrious, 'and manufacturers; hence an
open and vast field fur a mutually advantageous intercourse
between our respective countries, by exchanging the pt mince
of one against the manufactures of the other. Absolute Go-
vernments are generally ruled by ignorant and perverse
Ministers, as the King is always obliged to nominate them
not of his courtiers or their adherents. Obstacles invented
by them, as Well as others previously existing which t hey do
not remove, render the civilization of the country stationary,
and prevent the natural increase of population : hence our
country, which in former times has contained twelse
million
of inhabitants, at present only contains about five millions.
" Wise-administration, spontaneous exertions of the peo-
ple, and free national concord, will, in the course of time,
render to this fine ftirtile Country its pristine state of pros-
perity.
" We, rich in the produce of osrr lands, shall by these
means be able to pay a greater tribute to thy industry, which.,
united with thy ingenuity and art, deservedly bestows on thee
the first place amongst the commercial nations of the world ;
while, to thy still greater honour, a number of thy ptrilan-
throphie subjects, actuated by the most virtuous and disin-
teresteiliitotives, are employed, at their own expenee, in pro-
pagating ail over the world religion, peace, and public in-
struction. People of Great Britaio ! we are anxious above
every thing to have your approbation of our political rege-
neration, and to he united With you in eternal friendship.
" Naples, August ‘s,' 1820."

A Court-Martial is ordered to assemble at the
Horse Guards for the trial of Colonel FRENCH,
of the 6th Dragoon Guards, upon charges pre-
ferred against him by General the Earl of CAR-
HAMPTON, Colonel of the same Regiment.—
(Morning Post.)
On Thursday morning, the reniahis of the late
Countess of SHANNON were removed from his
Lordship's house, in Hamilton-place, to be in-
terred iu the family vault at Castle Martyr, Ire-
land.
