child to be imposed upon that way. In the WOCd3 of the nursry
he would say— •

" Get away, llawhead and Bloody Bones,
krr. i o I t!,
—(Great laughter
Mr. Oliver, Mr. Sutton, and other delegr tes, also spoke in disapproba;
tion of th.r,nduct of the Governr and the Members of Parliament
no vutea with the Ministers.
Mr. 'MARRIAGE feared that the non-prxdials would be cheated of their
rights after the Ist of August, and strogly recommended that agencie4
should be sent nut to the Colonies to instruct them as to their full rights'
and to watch over their interests.
Several Delegates considered the suggestion one of very great Wl'
portance, and a protracted and desultory conversation took piece as to the
expediency of circulating information in a condensed form, and Betting
meetings throughout the country to agitate the question, and to ca'l Mem-
bers of Parliament to account in their several constituencies, for their
votes in favour of slavery.

. -
The CHAIRMAN said that the reason alleged by Government for c:
tinuing the apprenticeship, namely, that they might have time to Ph
with
him for the regulation of the negroes' future condition, was "„
him a most powerful argument against the continuance—tor he ve
much wished that they should have no time for such a purpose.—(Hear,
hear.) There were already laws in the colonies for freemen, and tho-
- would be sufficient for the free negroes.—(Applause )
Captain STUART stated that he had received a subscription of 51. frar"
a gentleman who was anxious to assist the Delegates in circulatil.fe
tracts. He mentioned some circumstances which showed that tr
hcar,s of their thinking and noble fellow countrymen in Ireland were. it
le
them, and that they might trust in God and their country for le
success of their holy cause.—(Applause.)
Captain STEWART thought that the language of the delegates slionlj
be as kind and conciliatory as possible, while at the same time it wa
firm and independent.

The Sub.Counittee having returned,
Mr. BcAin, the Chairman, said that they had now prepared the
principal of the resolutions, which they thought should be forthwn''
given to the public, as indicating their feelings at the recent disaP;
pointment, and at the same time the course they intended to Illr'u
under existing circumstances. It would be necessary perhaps to 1,35 c
one or two minor resolutions, but he trusted if the adoption' of such 3
course was thought necessary, the delegates would be as short in stating
their views as possible, as it was of the utmost importance the resolu-
tions should appear in the first edition of The Suet of this day.
A desultory discussion thrn took place as to the wording of the resolu-
tions, when the following were unanimously agreed to (for which see.
advertisement).
The following letter was read from Lcrd Brougham amid in"b
cheering:—

Letter from Lord Brougham to the Anti-Slavery Delegates.
" May 29, 1833•
" Gentlemen—l grieve to say that I have no more congratulations to
offer you upon the proceedings in the Commons House of Parliamel.tl
upon divisions from which above fifty of your professing friends absentout
themselves ; upon debates in which the advocates of justice were over:
powered by clamour, in order that her enemies might come to a deer'
sion without hearing her claims discussed.
" It is now manifest that the representatives of the people, not speak
i:
ing the people's opinion, nor having before their eyes the fear of Mee
ing their constituents, nor doubting that their conduct will be forgatte9'
before an election comes, have resolved to pursue a course which will this
day spread disappointment over the whole country, and carry dismal intu,
11,
all our colonies. The people deserve to be thus treated, and they
ever be thus treated, unless they have the sense and the firmness ima;
diately to adopt effectual measures for shewing each Member that
conduct is closely watched, and that it will be accurately remembered
months and for years, until the day of reckoning and retribution arrive'
•
I know that this was the course taken with many who flew in the fare, „°r
the country upon the memorable occasion of the Demerara Missionary
persecution in 1824, and I also know that the most wholesale effects uVil:
the conduct of members were produced by this wise and virtuous detfr,t
mination on the people's part to spew that they would not be treat
like children, and that they who expected their conduct to be forgotten
when their representatives' trust should be rendered up, Would fir'd
themselves sorely disappointed.
" I am, your faithful servant,
(Signed) " BROUGHAM
Mr. G. TIIONIPSON, in the course of the discussion as to the 10°_Poord
of some of the words used in 'the resolutions, observed that he w.,.0,
venture to say that if the conduct pursued by Lord Glenelg t° ya
the negroes had been adopted towards any person in this country •'-
party would have been impeached.—(Cheers.)
Dr, MARTIN BARRY, a delegate from Edinburgh, proposed
a res
ticn calling upon the country to petition the Queen to dismiss her pre
sent Ministers. Had the) known as much of the present Ministry thr
t, e,
1
months ago as they know now, the cause would not have been lost.
arc,l
was influenced by no political motives, on the contrary; it was PI.
support of the present Ministry that had b?en the main cause of their -
ure.

Mr. STURCE trusted the resolution would not be passed.
Mr. G, THOMPSON thought it would be unwise to adopt the rec°- ber
as it would be hopeless to attempt to produce a different effect LIP% -so
Majesty's mind from that of the Ministry, with whom she at pear
heir
cordially to'agree. He thought they would not be furthering t
cause by the adoption of such a resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, though he most cordially concurred in the resolution,
thought it would be powerless iecarried.
Mr. PEASE supported the resolution, thinking that. Ministers 11,d norl,o
been impressed with just and humane views in the course they
adopted.

Dr. M. BARRY, after a short discussion, withdrew the resolution.ani
Mr. STURGE observed that he was authorized by Lord B 01,1:
say that he should go on with his Bill in the House of Lords."—'s,:.o- -
ether
A vote of thanks was then carried to Sir E. Wilmot and
se or
Members of the House of Commons who had supported the cno—„, the
the emarcipation of the negroes, and the Delegates separatelu.:_fiouse
understanding that they should meet again at the Guildhall CO-'
to-morrow morning at Eleven o'clock.
