BILLINGSGATE FISHMONGERS.

Mr. Alderman BROWN presented a petition from the
wholesale salesmen of Billingsgate, complaining of the
unjust restrictions to which they were subjected, and
praying the Court to adopt measures for the purpose of
removing them.
The petition was referred to the Markets Committee.
Mr. WIRE presented a petition from the retail sales-
men, stating that the Act of Parliament for the regula-
tion of the sale of fish had been constantly violated,
and praying that the provisions of that Act might be
duly enforced.
On the petitioners being asked by the LORD MAYOR
whether they bad anything further to add,
A Retail Salesman, who appeared at the bar, said—
We wish to ask that the dead fish may be sold in one
day. Also that, if there be any bye-law or acts of
.of Council, prejudicial to the prayer of the petition, that
you will see they are immediately repealed.—(Hear,
hea.r, and a laugh.)
Another Salesman, a petitioner, stated that if fish
were sold as the Act directed, when it came to
market the public would be supplied with fresh fish,
instead of stinking. He bad followed Billingsgate
Market twenty-five years, and he had bought herrings
at 2s. 6d. a thousand, but yesterday morning he had to
pay 2s. 6d. for thirty. Salmon he had purchased at 3-id.
per lb., but he bad not bought it for less this
season than 6d. per lb., and had frequently had to pay
Bd. and 9d. He attributed all the evils to the con-
duct of the wholesale salesmen.
Mr. Wiry—How lnng has the Act of Parliament
been violated ?
Petitioner—For the last thirty years.

The petition was referred to the Markets Commitee.
Mr. WIRE presented a petition from Mr. Allen and
others, praying the Court for pecuniary aid and the as-
sistance of the Court to abolish slavery in America.
Mr. ALLEN, at the Bar, supported the prayer of the
petition.
The petition was referred to the Corn, Coal, and Fi-
nance Committee.
Mr. WIRE presented a petition from the Rochester
Oyster Fishers, praying the Court to take steps to carry
into effect the adjudication of the Court of Exchequer.
—Referred to the Markets Committee.

A petition was presented from a Christian Society,
praying the Court to take immediate steps for the sup-
pression of Bartholomew Fair.
Alderman VENABLES supported the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. ANDERTON did not see any reason for taking the
amusements of the people entirely away. He had been
at the fair, and had seen no obscenity, but he had seen
poor people enjoying themselves at a cheap rate.
Mr. ASHURST took she same view of the subject.
Mr. WIRE, from his experience as Under-Sheriff,
was quite sure that Bartholomew Fair was the source
of much crime—it was now useless, and ought to be
put down.—Referred to the Markets Committee.
The LORD MAYOR presented a petition from T. A.
Curtis, Esq., praying the Court to take instant mea-
sures for the renovation of the Mansion-house.—Re-
ferred to the Committee for General Purposes.
The Report of the Police Committee was brought
up by Alderman Yenibles and agreed to unanimously—
some minor business was trausacted, and the Court
adjourned.

AN IRISHMAN AND A BULL.—We have
often heard of an Irishman making bulls, but as the follow-
ing is the first instance we have heard of him engaging to
fight one, we must place the occurrence on record. Last
week a young mettled Irishman, employed en the Greenock
Railway, near Erskine, engaged for a bet to attack a bull
which browzed in a neighbouring field, and which was
known to be of somewhat pugnacious propensities. Arm-
ing himself with a shillclah which would not have dis-
graced Donnybrook, he sallied forth on his adventure,
accompanied by two companions as witnesses of his prowess,
and as assistants in case of need. The bull, on his part,
bad no support, and the offices of principal, second, and
bottle-holder all devolved on himself. Dennis leaped the
wall and began to approach his adversary, but he began at
the same time to feel a few qualms, such as occasionally
precede seasickness. For the honour of ould Ireland, how-
ever, he dissembled his fears, and screwed his courage to the
sticking point. The courage of the bull was already up, so
be merely screwed his tail. This, however, was so tightly
done, that it seemed to lift his hind feet, and they were
seen moving in the air. Dennis flourished his twig, called
on his enemy to come on, and he would soon tap his claret.
The bull willingly accepted of the invitation to come on,
but spurned at the idea of the anticipated result. By this
time they were within cudgel length, and " tak ye that,'
'mid Dennis, aiming a strong back-handed blow at the
"outof his enemy. Whether the bull took the blew or
not, could not be seen in the melee which followed. Den-
,
ali' then endeavoured to take the bull by the horns, but
Ikb:tttoer would not stand that ; on the centrary, putting
his length the ground to obtain all the leverage which
theneck aould allow; he planted his horns be-
neath buttocks of and gave him such a chuck
as sent bins Sprawling Dennis,
4, Troth and aces fay about twelve feet into the air.
I wonder what kind eme there," said Dennis, " and
of
a fall I will get." He did
long, not require to wonder for in two seconds he
found himself in a deep
that it were twice as dee,pb.ut True:dhwt;ll pdraasyhienag
forward earnestlyto
hgore another toss at him
himhorsnos
bweeoll,aimbedded
e
Aluet be could not get the points of his
g attitude, ready for another
!4`.
stoed over him in a threatening
Dennis was aware
toss the moment Dennis should move.
of his tactics, and would not stir a finger,
entrenched,
nions of Dennis had no wish if they aue, Thee compa-
pteci to inter-
pose, and finding their companion pretty well
they ren off for help. The owner of the bull learning te
state of matters, hastened to the spot, and led off tia the
animal. "Is the coast dare," said Dennis,
his bead an inch or two with great caution. " All
elleaftri;
was the reply. Ile then sprung up, and in a few bounds
be be had a good fence between him and his enemy. On
ex:
amination, Dennis finding that he was more afraid than
hurt, scampered off, occasionally peeping over his shoul-
der to see if the enemy was in pursuit, and declaring that
he would never again join in a contest with a Scotch bull.
—Paisley Advertiser.
In the Museum at Oxford, there is a man's skull
with five horns on it ; also two horns taken from a man's
forehead; and a horn five inches and a half long, taken
from the head of Mrs. Davis, of Cheshire.
" How," says a Paris print, " will these times
be called? We have no notion of the name that history
will give them. We say the Consulate,' Empire,' Re-
storation;' what will be said of us ?"
