LONDON, WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 4, 1832.

any person so apprehended into the custody of the
constable appointed under this act, who shall be in
attendance at the watch-house or station-house
hereby authorized to be established, in order that
such person may he secured until he or she can be
brought before a justice of the peace, to be dealt
with according to the law, or may give bail for hi.
or her appearance before a justice of the peace, if
the constable shall deem it prudent to take bail.
Tire bill provides that a clerk and treasurer to the
commissioners be appointed; but it prohibits the
holding of those offices by one person.
It also enacts, that when and so soon as the police
force hereby authorised to be formed as aforesaid
shall have been established and completed, and ---
days' notice thereof shall be given in - or more
of the Bristol newspapers, the existing night-watch
within the said city arid county shall cease, and all
watch-houses arid watch boxes in the several pa-
rishes, precints, and places in the said city and
county, and all arms, accontretnents, and other ne-
cessaries provided at the public expense for the
night-watch therein, shall be given up, &e•.
And then, that as soon as the police force to be
appointed under this act shall be established,
the said commissioners are required from tme to
time to issue a warrant under the hand of their chair-
man to the governor, deputy governor, assistants,
and guardians of the poor of the said city of Bristol,
by which warrant they shall command the said
governor, deputy governor, assistants, arid guardians
of the poor, to pay out of the money collected for
the relief of the poor in the said city and county,
the amoant therein specified to the treasurer for
the purposes of this act, within - days after
the delivery of such warrant ; and for that purpose
the said governor, deputy governor, assistants, arid
guardians of the poor, are hereby required, by arid
under the authority and power of this Act, arid of
the said warrant, to make, levy, arid raise such rates
and a sessmenrs, in addition to the rates for the re-
lief of the poor, as may be necessary for that pur-
puse, &c. Amount to be rai-ed nor to exceed -
in the pound in any one year, according to the va-
luation for poor rate : the govsrnor, deputy go-
vernor, assistants, and huardians of the poor, to pay
amount required.

The concluding clause is one to save the rights of
the mayor, &c., of Bristol, and thus enacteth, " that
neither the appointment of any such person or per-
sons to act as a justice or justices as aforesaid, nor
any other matter or thing whatsoever herein con-
tamed, shall take away, abridge, lessen, infringe or
prejudicially affect in any manner, or be deemed, or
construed, or taken so to do, the corporate, or other
rights or privileges, by prescription, charter, or
otherwise, of the mayor, burgesses, arid commonalty
of the said city, or of the said mayor and aldermen
of the said city and county as justices of gaol deli-
very, justices of the peace, or otherwise, or of their
officers or servants, further or otherwise than is
hereby expressly enacted, but all such rights and
privileges shall remain and continue as the same ex-
isted and were enjoyed before the passing of this
Act."

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

131 PE RIA L PA R IAAM ENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF LOI?DS.

Mr. BERNAL, and others from the Commons, brought
up the Mal•. Duty Drawback Bill, and two private Bills.
Lord SIDAIOUTH presented a petition from certain
freeholders in the not them and southern parts of Corn-
wall against Reform. The Noble Lord said that the pe-
titioners returned their thanks to their Lordships for stop-
ping the progress of the la.t Reform Bill at its second
reading, and they hoped that they would act in the same
manner with the present one.

The Committee on the Sentence of Death Bill was
postponed, on the motion of L• rd Wylie()Rn.
On the motion of Lord TENTERDEN tne Uniformity of
Process Bill went through a Committee, and was reported
without amendment.

The Colonial R,venue Audit Bill 'also went through a
Committee, and was reported to the House.
The Scotch Cholera Amendment Bill, and the Ordnance
Department Bill were read a second time.
Their Lordships waited upwards of half an hour for the
Mutiny Bill, which was brought up by Mr. SPRING RICE
and others, and read a first time. The second reading
was fixed for to-morrow.

The House then adjourned till to-morrow at Ten o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The Sheriffs of London (Al•sers Pirie and Giwan) ap-
peared at the bar with a I,etition from the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, and Common Council.

On the motion of Mr. Alderman WOOD, "the petition
was read ; it prayed fur the abolition of slivery in the
West India colonies, and expressed a hope that the
Orders in Council which had some time ago issued would
be enforced, in order to effect a gradual amelioration in the
condition of the slaves.

Mr. HUME was sorry that the Corporation of London

did not act consistent with their previously avowed prin-
ciples, and he was surprised that so respectable a body
should approve of Orders in Council which tenled very
much to injure commerce. It was with great r Bret that
he saw them come to such a conclusion as they had ex-
pressed in their petition.

Mr. Alderman HUGHES supported the prayer of the
petition, and said ttie Orders in Council were such that he
should wish to see them r(gulate the conduct of all par-
ties to which they referred.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said the Corporation of London
bid alwapi professed liberal pri,•ciples ; their great object
was to do away with the system of slavery, to effect which
they were of opinion the Orders in Council would greatly

Mr. Alderman COPELAND questioned the prudence
of the Corportion in coming to that conclusion. Those
of the citizens of London who were connected with the
colonies received the Orders in Council referred to with
great alarm, and as tending to injure the colonies and the
shipping trade. Whenever the great question of the slave
trade came before the House, he would be prepared to
offer a few observations upou it. No man deplored more
than himself the existen..e of the slave trade ; hut lie much
questioned whether the Orders in Council were calculated
to ameliorate the condition of the slaves. He regretted
that he could not give the petition his suppoet.
Mr. Alderman WAITHAIAN could not see bow the
Orders in Council injured the West India colonies, and
consequently he gave his support to the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. DIXON said, that notwithstanding the eulogy that
had been bestowed on the Orders in Council, even the
Noble Lord, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, had ex-
pressed his intention of acceding to any proposed modifica-
tion of them. He hat nothing to do with the colonies ;
but he had received a letter from a person interested, in
which those orders were characterized as unconstitutional,
oppressive, and unjust. He regretted that the Common
Council of London had petitiomd the House upon a sub-
ject, which—and, he said it with all due deference—they
had not duly considered.

Mr. WARBURTON thought the Corporation of Lon-
don had done themselves great credit.—(Hear.) The
very existence of the colonies was at stake if the state of
slay ery were continued.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Lord ACHESON presented three petitions from a
parish in Antrim against the new plan of national educa-
tion, from Galway relative to the Galway franchise, and
from a parish in the county of Armagh against the present
tithe system. The latter was signed wholly by Pro-
testants and Dissenters.

Mr. HOLMES presented a petition from a number of per-
sons who were subscribers to the Birmingham awl London
rail-road to the amount of 85,0001. against the Bill for mak-
ing that road; the petitioners prayed that their names might
be erased from the list of subscribers, and that they migh t

be heard by Counsel against the insertion of their names
in the Bill.
Sir J. NEWPORT postponed his motion relative to the
Irish Ecclesiastical Courts until the 3d of May.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from certain mer-
chants, hankers, &c. against a Bill now before the H0n...,
relative to a Committee now sitting to inquire into the
mode of facilitating the Post-office communication be-
tween England and Ireland ; and stated that very
great injury would arise from interrupting in any
way the present mode of communication between Liver-
pool and Dublin. The Honourable Member supported
the prayer of the petition, and hoped that no interruption,
such as that which the petitioners apprehended, would
take place. When the House considered the extent of the
trade between the two countries—when it appeared that
in the last year there were imported from Ireland 9,000
head of cattle, 130,000 sheep, and 150,000 pigs, it would
be seen that it was of the createst importance that the
communication should not he interrupted.
On the motion that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee,
Colonel CONOLLY hoped that it was not the intention

of his Majesty's Government to interrupt the navi-
gation between Dublin and Liverpool. The facilities
to the exportation and importation of commerce be' ween
thrive places had increased so rapidly as to supersede all
t'odes of communication between any other two places.
The inconvenience arising from any interruption of that
trade would raise the voice of the people of Ireland against
it. He could hardly imagine any such thing was in con-
templation, but if it was, it must have arisen from a very
partial and inconsiderate attention to the suject.
Mr. S. RICE said Honourable Members must know
more of the subject than he did if the proposed arrange-
ments would create any difficulty in the communication
between the two countries. His Majesty's Government
were quits alive to the neces-ity of keeping up the inter-
course, and indeed of increasing it, if po-stble. No eco-
noliy would be more preposterous than any which would
interrupt the communication between the two countries;
but if it could be shown, as he was of np nion that it
could, that that communication c•mld be c•rried on at a
much cheap-r rate, then it would be admitted to be of
considerwile importance —(Hear.)
Mr. J. GRATTAN recommended gentlemen not to be
led away by any delusive discussion.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT believed the apprehension of
many Hon. Members total y unfounded.
Mr. SHAW thought if any change were made relative
to the packets it should be from Holyhead to Liverpool.
Mr. SPRING RICE observed, that the only reasons
that could be given for even a supposition that it was the
intention of Government to remove tf.e Liverpool packets
was the appointment of a Comtnittee for the purpose of
seeing if greater facilities could not be afforded.
Lord SANDON hilt grateful at the announcement made
by the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Spring Rice)
though Ministers never had bad the slightest intention
of withdrawing the Liverpool packets.
Lord WILLIAM LENNOX thought the Hon. Member
for Liverpool need not be under the slightest apprehension
that any such alterations were contemplated at the Post-
office as had been suggested.
After some observations from Mr. EWART, the petition
was orgered to be referred to the Committee.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from the innkeepers
of Liverpo,d, praying for the alteration of the law which
rendered them liable to make good property lost in their
houses.

Sir EDWARD HAYES presented a petition from
the Archdeacon and Clergy of the Diocese of Raphoe
against the new system of Education in Ireland. The
Hon. 11Iemt)er was in hope., in consequence of the de-
cided opposition that this measure had met with from
all ranks of Ireland, that Ministers ere this would have
withdrawn the measure.

Colonel CONOLLY was sorry that Government still
appeared determined to persist in upholding a plan which
had occasioned so much dissatisfaction.

Sir FRANCIS VINCENT presented a petition from
St. Alban's against Colonial Slavery.
Caßtaiw goLuDoN presented a petition from Ban-
don, in' the county of C. signed by the Provost, 13
clergym-n, 38 magistrates, and upwards of 900 persons,
agamst the new system of Education in Ireland. The
Hon. Member also presented two similar petitions front
other party of Ireland. The Hon. Member also gave
notice of his intention, on Tuesday next, to move for
certain returns relative to the established schools in
Ireland.

Mr. HUNT presented a petition from four persons who
were confined in Lancaster Gaol for debt, complaining
that the gaoler was ".at large," and did not reside in the
gaol ; that he ha I appointed his son as his deputy, a
manufacturer and cotton•spinner in the town of Lancaster.
They represented this as a great grievance, and stated that
upon an occasion, one/of the prisoners being indebted to the
deputy gaoler, he had endeavoured to enter into a nego Litton
with him, on condition of his paying his whole debt alter
his release, not to oppose his discharge. The prisoner, how-
ever, had not consented to this illegal act, and consequently'
he was opposed upon coming up to receive his discharge
under the Act. The prisoner stated before the Commis-
sioners the reason why the deputy gaoler bad opposed
him, when the prisoner was immediately dis-
charged, and the goaler reprimanded. These things,
he submitted, could not have gone on, without the
attention of the visiting magistrates having been called to

them. It was a gross dereliction of public duty for the
gaoler not to reside in the gaol, and the pe-itioners sub-
mitted that the act which prevented a gaoler from being
concerned in business, applied also to his substitute.
They also complained that when, on a former occa-
sion, they had made these representations, they had
been treated in the most barbarous and brutal manner,
having been pl iced in a cell, with nothing but straw aed a
blanket to cover them. This petition was put into his
hand by a respectable solicitor, who had been down at
Lancaster, had mark every inquiry into the facts, and
was prepared to prove them, whenever he should be called
upon. The Hon. Member submitted that the case, if the
allegations were true, and he had no doubt but they could
be fully substantiat.d, well deserved the attention of his
Majesty's Government.
Mr. GREENE said that Parliament had no right to
interfere in this case ; the petitioners had not stated that
they had complained either to the visiting Magistrates, or
the Secretary of State, to whose jurisdiction legitimately
the matt r entirely belonged : had they failed in their
duty to the petitioners, they might have prayed for the
interference of the House. The petition simply stated a
variety of charges against the gaoler, which it was im-
possible, circumst &need as he was, properly to enter into.
The only charge to which he could refer, was the non-
residence sf the gaoler. An investigation had taken place,
and it was found that the gaoler was now residing within
the walls of the prison. The only other question, as to
the competency of the deputy, he being a trader, was a mere
point of law, and the House could not explain Acts of
Parliament.

Mr. HUNT moved the printing of the petition.
Mr. GREENE opposed the motion, in consequence of
the vagueness of the charges.
Mr. WARBURTON said it was clear that there had
been a period when the gaoler was not resident within the
walls of the prison, and that non-residence must have come
distinctly under the cognizance of the visiting Magistrates.
The object of printing a petition was to bring public opi-
nion to bear on any neglect of duty, either in the gaoler or
visiting Magistrates. On that ground, and no other, the
petition should be printed.
Mr. LAMB said the allegation in the petition being
that that the gaoler does not now reside within the walls
of the prison, arid it being arcertained that at present he
did reside there, he did not see much good to be gained by
the printing of the petition. Having personal knowledge
of the gaol of Lancaster, he believed there was none
Netter regulated in the kingdom, and he should enter
into any inquiry that may be called for with the
greatest confidence. He would not, however, oppose
the printing of the petition.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING Rlcz, the Mutiny
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HUNT presented a petition from Broadhurst,
Ashmore, Gilchrist, and Curran, who are confined in
Lancaster Castle, complaining of hard treatment--they
not allowed to see or converse with their friends, ex-
cepting through a felon's grating; neither could they receive
any letters, not even from their professional adviser, with-
out being; liable to be opened by the gaoler.
Mr. GREENE said the gaoler was perfectly authorised
by the Act of Parliament in all that he did.
The order of the day for the second reading of the Bak-
ing Trade (Ireland) Bill was then read.
The LORD ADVOCATE moved the order of the

(PRICE 7D )

,lay for the further consideration of the report on the Ex
chequer Court (Scotland) Bill. The Bill was ordered to
be re-committed to-morrow.
Lord ALTHORP moved the Order of the Dry for ih.•
House to resolve into Committee on the Supply to be
granted to his M jesty
TAX ON GLASS.

Mr. DIXON said that he was extremely anxious
to ask 3 qu-stion of the Nobi,e Lord opposite relative to
his reported intention of taking off the duty on
glass. He had on a former occasion asked the
same question, but he wished now to know whe-
ther the ist•ittle Lord had made up his wind on the
subject ? If it was the intention of Government to
take off this tax, it shou'd not be done suddenly,
or it would occ.sion an immense loss to the manufacturers
concerned in the trade. Various rumours were afloat,
which were represented to have come from the Nohle Lord
himself; of his intention at an early period to take off the
tax. He (Mr. Dixon) submitted that twelve months
previous notice at hast should be given.
Lord ALTHORP assured the Hon. Gentleman, that he
had not uttered a single word upon the subject to any
one since the Hon. Member had asked the same question
before in that House.
Lord G. SOMERSET inquired whether the Gunmis.
sinners had been oppointed to inquire into the Poor LAWA ?
Lord ALTHORP stated that they had been appointed.
