POLAND,

ADDRESS OF THE' Ik'44 oivAL GO-
- OF POLAND TO THE
INHABITANTS OF LITHUANIA, VOL-
HYNIA, PODOLIA; AND VKRAINE.
ARETHREN AN;) Piti,ol",'-CITIZENS

" The Nxtio"..al 'Government of regenerated Poland,
happy on being able at last to address you in the name
of the bond of brotherhood and liberty, is anxious to lay
before you the present state of our countrr, and to show
you our ‘Nanttr, tt r etting'c'&7 tibd Napes.
" the hall which 134arattd us is broken down—your
wishes and'ours are realised. The Polish eagle flies over
our territory :—united as we are hand and heart, we will
henceforth proceed in concert to accomplish the difficult,
perilous, but just and sacred, work—the restoration of
cu'.' country.

" The Manifesto of the Diet, in explaining the causes
of our rising, gave en account of our sentiments as well
as of yours. Scarcely had we risen in arms, provided
with but few means, and uncertain what course to pursue,
before we showed to the world and to the Emperor Ni-
v:holas that the same spirit animated us, and that we
were desirous to become as we had formerly bt en, but one
and the same nation. The Emperor Nicholas did not
wish to consecrate the tomb of his brother by a monument
which, during the life-time of Alexander, would have
waled the glory of his reign.
" He did not wish to regard us as Poles bowed down
with injuries—as citizens of a free and independent country
—and would treat with us only as slaves who had rebelled
against Russia. We have arrested—we have driven back

the threatening phalanxes of the different corps ; of
what our army was composed, some fought here against
the main body of the army, others penetrated into your
provinces to call forth our brethren to range themselves
under the national banner. You did not wait for this
appeal.

" At the very commencement of the insurrection many
of your citizens explained their sentiments and the wishes
in the National Assembly, and some raised regiments dig-
nified by the names of your provinces--in fine, whole dis-
tricts of Lithuania and Volhynia rose en masse.
" The partition of Poland has been denominated a crime
by the unanimous voice of Europe, and who at this day
will revoke such a decision? Who will venture to come
forward as the champion against it? Undoubtedly none !
And we have the well-grounded hope that Europe will hasten
to recognize our independence as soon as we have proved
by our courage—our perseverance—our union—mode-
rate and noble conduct, that we deserve to be a free
nation. This revolution is only a consequence of our op-
pression and our misfortunes. It was the wish of our hearts
—and at ices from the nature of our history, which displayed
our determination from the very beginning, and proved
that our rising was not of foreign origin. It is not civil
war—it is not tainted with the blood of our brethren—
we have not overturned social institutions in order to raise
up new ones at chance—it is the war of Independence—
the most just of wars. That is the character of our Revolu-
tion, which is at once mild but firm—which with one arm
conquers the enemy, and with the other raises and ennobles
the needy peasant.
" We admire England and France—we wish to be like
them, a civilized nation, but without ceasing to be
Poles ! Nations cannot and ought not to change the
elements of their existence. Each has its climate, in-
dustry, religion, manners, character, education, and his-
tory. From these different elements spring the feelings
or passions which display themselves in revolutions, and the
circumstances proper to be adopted in their future conduct.
" Individuality strongly expressed forms the power of a
people. We have preserved ours in the midst of slavery.
Love of country—prepared to make every sacrifice—
courage—piety—noble-mindedness, and gentleness formed
the character of our forefathers. These qualities also are
ours.

" The patriots of Warsaw triumphed without either
chiefs and without law, yet with what crime can they be
charged ? An army of thirty thousand men, in short the
whole kingdom, rose as if by enchantment, and how did they
conduct themselves towards the Grand Duke Constantine ?

that Prince who for fifteen years had shown himself desti-
tute of regard or pity for our feelings and liberties was in
our power, but he knew the nation, and just to it
for only once, he entrusted his person and his army
to our honour ! At the moment of Aram we did
not listen to the voice of public vengeance, but respected
the Prince and his troops, without taking advantage of our
superiority. Our battalions, who had awaited with a firm
determination all the forces of Russia,—allowed to peas
through their ranks the fallen enemy, whose safety was
guaranteed by the national honour.
" The generosity of the nation has been proved by many
isolated facts, and Europe admires our moderation as much
as our valour. Brethren, fellow-citizens, equal admiratian
still awaits us. Without delay, then come forward with the
whole of your force simultaneously, and act as one man
in peace and in war ; it is the people who are the source
of all power. To the people then direct your views
and your affections. Children, worthy of your fathers,
you will act like them. You will break the odious
bonds, and you will cement a Holy Allianee by reciprocal
benefits and by gratitude. In other countries it is by fire,
and fire alone, that the people recover their liberties—here
those liberties are received as the gift of their brethren.—
A generous, just, and necessary deed will become the act
only of your own choice, and you will proclaim to the
people their independence, and the return of the Polish eagles
to their native soil. Our fields will lose nothing in cultiva-
tion and value when they are tilled by the industry of brave
men. You will be enobled in the eyes of civilized Europe,
and your country will gain millions of fellow citizens,
who I ike our brave peasants will fly to the defence
of their liberty, and drive back a power whose
character is that only of slavery. Do not forget, brethren
and fellow-citizens, that the Greek religion is professed
by a great part of the people. Toleration is one of the
qualities of civilization. The Clergy, the Churches, and
Religion shall be placed under the protection of the
Government, and will lend you their assistance in carrying
this measure of justice into effect."

[The address then goes on to enumerate the respect
paid by Polish Noblemen to religious rites and feelings,
and calls on the people on this occasion to follow that ex-
ample. Also to send Deputies from the different pro-
vinces to the National Congress. It then goes on to de-
scribe the vast power of Russia, and the difficulties to be
encountered much in the same strain as the proclamation
of Skr)zneeki], and concludes thus
" God bath already wrought prodigies for us. God,
and not the Emperor of Russia, will be our Judge! He
will decide."

" HE will decide who bath committed perjury—who
has been the victim of oppression—and who ought to ob-
tain the victory. We have already fought with success
in the name of the God of our fathers, and we will fight
till at length we accomplish the ends of justice. All the
nations of Europe possessed of feelings of humanity
tremble for our fate and exult with joy at our successes.
These only wait your general rising to hail you as mem-
bers of the free and independent nations of Europe.

"Brethren and fellow citizens!—when we shall have
finished this teriible and unequal contest, we will
invite the powers of Europe to form themselves
into a tribun Ll of justice ;—we will appear before them
covered with our blood,—lay open the book of our annals
—unrol the chart of Europe and say, Behold our cause
and yours! The injustice done to Poland is known to
you;--you behold her despair ; fur her courage and gene-
rosity appeal to her enemies !'
" Brethren ! let us hope in God. He will inspire the
breasts of our judges, who, inspired by eternal justice,
will say,
LONG LIVE POLAND ! FREE AND INDEPENDENT !
(Signed) " The President of the National
Government,
" The Prince CZARTORYSKI.
" Warsaw, May 13, 1831."
