NEW Cu URT.

Sarah Northwood, a young lady of easy virtue, was
indicted with stealing, on the 6th of May, 45., the pro-
perty of William Repton, from his person. The exami-
nation of the prosecutor, tt•ho had a tremendous pair of
whiskers, caused no little. merriment in Court. He stated
that he was accosted by the prisoner, who was with an-
other female, in Fore-street, and always making it a point
to be polite to the ladies, he entered into conversation
with the prisoner and her friend, paying his attentions
more particularly to the former, who, in the course of
their walk down Fore-street, took a comb from her hair
and corned one of his whiskers.—(Laughter.)
Mr. Sergeant ARABIN-And I suppose the other lady
combed the other.—(Laughter.)
The Prosecutor-0 no, my Lord, she had walked off
before.—(Laughter.) If she had attempted, I would not
have allowed her to do it.

Mr. Sergeant ARABIN-Pray, what are you, Sir?
Prosecutor—A slioernalcer, residing at Tabernacle-walk.
Was not the worse for liquor when he met the prisoner.
Missed the money after they had walked a short way,
and had the prisoner taken into custody. Could not say
whether he had the money, after the female who was in
company with the prisoner left.

Mr. Sergeant AstAßlN—And although you are so gal-
-1 int to the ladies, your gallantry did not carry you so far
as to allow the prisoner's friend to comb your other
whisker ?—(Laughter.)
The prosecutor confessed that it did not.
The prisoner protested that she was innocent of the
charge.

The Jury, considering it very doubtful whether the pro-
secutor had been robbed at all, and, if he had, whether
the robbery had been committed by the prisoner or her
female acquaintance, gave the prisoner the benefit of that
doubt, and acquitted her.
Mr. Sergeant ARABIN refused to allow the prosecutor
his expenses, observing that the county of Middlesex was
not to be put to the expanse of having the prosecutor's
whiskers combed.

IM PE RIA PARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, MAY 17.

HOUSE OF

At ten minutes past twelve the SPEAKER took the chair.
On the opening of the Gallery, we found about 50 Mem-
bers in the House.
The evidence of the Worcester Election Committee was
brought up and ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. POTTER, the Rochdale Road
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BETHELL moved the third reading of the Kings-
ton-upon-Hull Road Bill.—Read and passed.
Mr. HODGES brought up the Report of the Com-
mittee on the Gravesend Pier Bill.—Amendments read,
and ordered to he engrossed. Also, the Report of the
Committee on the Thames Tunnel Bill.

Sir JOHN ASTLEY brought up the R-port of the
Committee on the Swinbourne Road Bill.

Mr. MARTIN brought up the report of the Committee
on the Economic Life Bill.

Mr. MAXWELL brought up the report of the Cam-
mittee on the Weetmoor Enclosure Bill.

Mr. SHAW presented petitions in favour of the better
observance of the Sabbath, from Dublin, Louth, and other
places—in all, seven. Also petitions from Garvah against
the poor laws ; and also petitions for a revisal of the crimi-
nal code ; and also petitions against the Irish Church Re-
form DP, from the clergy and Archdeanery of Ireland ;
from Ross, Kinsale, and other places; and two petitions
against negro slavery.
Lord GRANVILLE SOMERSET hoped that some
measure would yet be introduced for the regulation of the
Sabbath, and regretted that the Bill was lost last night by
so small a majority.

Mr. FERGUS O'CONNOR made some ob,erva-
tions relative to the intended Poor Laws Bill for Ireland.
Mr. POTTER considered the fate of the Sabbath
Bill to he another instance of attempting to do too much.
Mr. A. JOHNSTONE expressed his sorrow that this
Bill had not gone into Committee, when it might have
been modified.

Mr. Sergeant SPANKIE, though he felt compelled to
oppose the second reading of the Bill brought in by the
Hon. Baronet, trusted that a measure would be brought
forward in the present session to insure a due observance
of the Sabbath.

Mr. MOSTYN pre,ented a petition from several parishes
in different parts of Wales, complaining of church pa-
tronage. Also a petition from Holywell for the repeal of
the house and window taxes; and several petitions from
Flint, and different parts of North Wales, against colonial
slavery, and for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Lord EASTNOR presented a petition from Ryegate
against slavery, and front Banff against the restrictions
upon malting,
Sir JOHN SEBRIGHT presented two petitions from
parishes in Hertford, for the better observance of the
S abbath.

Mr. A. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from the
borough of St. Andrew, complaining of the state of the
Scotch boroughs.
Sir GEORGE STAUNTON presented a petition from
the owners and occupiers of land in Burslington, for the
repeal of the melt tax. The Hon. Member thought that
those taxes ought to be taken off which pressed most
heavily on the people. The Hon. Member also presented
a petition from Wycombe, in the county of Southampton,
for the better observance of the Sabbath. The Hon.
Baronet thought the House ought to have allowed the Bill
on the subject to have gone into Committee, as many of its
most objectionable provisions might have been expunged.
Mr. F. O'CONNOR gave notice; that on the 22d of
May he should move a resolution of the House, that the
absence of Ministers during the presentation of petitions
was an insult to the House of Commons, and an injustice
to the people of England.—(Cheers.) The Hon. Member
was interripted in consequence of some form for a short
time, and on obtaining possession of the House again, he
said that considering no Ministers were there to attend to
the petitions of the people, it seemed to him to be quite
unnecessary to go threugli the farce of presenting theist.
He had petitions intrusted to him for presentation, but
he would not bring them forward in the absence of Mi-
nisters. The only benefit the people had obtained from
the Reformed Parliament was to have their petitions
thrust into a bag under the table unheeded by those whose
duty it was to attend to them. They might just as
well be thrown into a bag and hung up in
the Library, or in some distant room in the
building without beine brought into the House of Com-
mons ut all.—(Hear, hear.) It was quite ridiculous to
think that such a course of proceeding could be suffered
to go on. If they were merely to have a bauble through
this Reform Act, he trusted some Hon. Member would
come forward and move its repeal. The Ministers had done
no earthly good ; on the contrary, they had raised the expec-
tations of the people by the hopes they held out to a height
far beyond what they found themselves able to meet ; they
neglected their business in that House, and if they con
tinned thus to absent themselves when they ought to be
present, he would feel it to be his duty to move that an
humble address be presented to his Majesty to dissolve
this Parliament,—(Laughter, and Hear, hear.) The
Hon. Member moved that the House be counted.
Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and upon being
admitted again into the gallery, we found (there having
been a sufficient number of Members present)
Mr. MARJORIBANKS presenting a petition from the
associate congregation of Dunat against slavery ; from
Dingwall against church patronage; and front Dinmore
on the subject of the Scotch burghs.
