NO. 1.-DECREES.

Art. 1. The territory of Belgium shall be divided into
four great territorial arrondissements, which shall be called
the let, 2d, 3d, and 4th military divisions.
Art. 2. The Ist shall comprehend the provinces of
East and West Flanders.

The second, the provinces of Antwerp and South
Brabant.

The third, the provinces of Lemberg and Liege.
The fourth, the provinces of Hainaut, Namur, and
Luxemburg. _ _ _

Art. 3. Each arrondissemsnt shall be commanded by a
General of Division.

Art. 4. Each province Rhall be commanded by a Ge-
neral or superior officer, who shall have at least the rank
of Lieut.-Colonel.

Art. 5. The Commissioner-General of the War De-
partment is charged, &c,
Brussels, Dec. 2S, 1830.

The port of Ostend begins to exhibit a scene of business
which it had not under the old Government. The fol-
lowing instance of Dutch partiality deserves to be
known :—" The port of Ostend became every year more
and more choked up by the sand. The Dutch Govern-
ment would not suffer the sluices which were intended to
clear it to be worked, under the pretence that there was
danger of injuring the solidity of the walls by baring the
foundations. Since the Provisional Government has al-
lowed the sluices to play, the sand in the port has been
cleared away to the depth of several feet, so that in a few
weeks ships which formerly were forced to wait for high
water before they could enter the port of Ostend, and
therefore avoided it and went to France to unload, will be
able to enter at all times. It is evident how advantageous
this change will prove to Ostend and to all Belgium."
VIENNA, Dac. 22.—The close of the Hungarian Diet
at Presburg took place on the 20th December. In the
morning sitting an Address was voted to his Majesty, in
which the Estates express their gratitude for his gracious
concessions relative to the Coronation and the levy of re-
cruits. In the evening the session was closed by his Im-
perial Highness the Archduke Charles, as tie Royal Com-
missioner, in consequence of the indisposition of his Ma-
jesty. The speeches made on this occasion, viz.—that of
the Hungarian Chancellor in the Hungarian language,
that of the Royal Commissioner in Latin, and the answer
of the Prince Pumale also in Latin, were received with
great applause.
(From the Courier de Smyrne, dated Nov. 14.)

The Porte has given orders by a circular to the Viziers
to release all Christians who have become slaves in conse-
quence of the Greek revolution. The difficulties attend-
ing the accomplishment of this important measure :will
not allow us to hope that it can be speedily and fully carried
into effect ; but it has already led to the release of a num-
ber of slaves, and its beneficial effects will be gradually
extended to others. M. Van Lenneh, who has had the
goodness to communicate to us this document, seconds with
all his efforts the views of the Porte, and praises in parti-
cular the kind assistance he has derived from Cara Benan
Oglou, in Magnesia; Vourla, and wherever the members of
that patriarchal family reside:
" Circular to the Judges, Nayabs, Governors, Muleze-
lins, Eugans, &c., of all cities, towns, and villages of the
right side of Anatolia, in Asia-Minor.
" When the rebellious, subjects announced an insurrec-
tion, and rose against their sovereign and benefactor, the
head of the Sublime Ottoman Porte, a judgment conform-
able to the holy law was issued by the Mufti against the
rebels, to the effect that all who persevered in their trea-
sonable and shameful revolt should be punished. The
Turkish army that marched against them defeated them,
and their wives and children were made prisoners and car-
rie l into slavery. But always generous and compassionate
to those who implore favour and protection, our sovereign,
though highly incensed, will,, out of pure compassion,
grant the pardon which they implored—restore them to
peace—and allow them to return to their homes. Con•
sidering that among the slaves taken and sold some were
inclined to receive the light of Mahomet, and had the
happiness to be admitted to the true faith, while others who
persevered in the Christian religion expressed their wish to

return to their country, and by their repeated attempts to
escape, are of no service to their masters ; considering
further, that now that peace and order prevail under the
protecting shadow of our exalted Sovereign, who will not
suffer any deceit or violence, the said slaves who have long
served, and who are continually looking towards their
native country, persist in their faith, are kept in slavery by
force alone, hut that if they recover their liberty and re-
turned to the land of their nativity, the population of the
Empire would lie increased, and the masters who set
them at liberty would acquire a title to their gratitude.
You will take care that this order is made known to all
whom it concerns, and ye to its execution, i. e.
cause to be set at liberty all slaves, men and
women; who have not embraced the Mahometan
faith. To accomplish this object you will call before you
the slaves and their masters, and explain to the latter that
it dots them little honour to compel slaves to serve them
who will not renounce their faith. You will take notice
that this order does not include those who have embraced
Mahotnetanism, and take care that none of those escape ;
end let those who manifest such inclinations be punished
according to the laws. As for the Christians, you will
cause them to be liberated, will give them money sufficient
to return to their country, and send me a list of those
who shall enjoy the benefit of this order."

We would earnestly exhort those few among
the Orangemen, who may feel inclined to side
with Mr. O'CONNELL and his factious frater-
nity, to pause, ere they embrace a measure whose
very triumph will set the seal to their destruction.
Should the Union—which Heaven forbid !
be repealed, Ireland will be thrown at once
into the hands of the Catholics : there will be a
Catholic Administration—a Catholic Priest-
hood—a Catholic Magistracy—a Catholic Cor-
poration in every city and town throughout
the island ; in a word, the condition of the two
great parties in Ireland will be reversed; the
Catholic will become what the Protestant once
was, and the latter, despite the protestations
of the O'Connellites, will be the mere despised
slave of the ascendant faction. We exhort the
Orangeman to bear this continually in mind ; to
remember, too, that his religion is not the in-
digenous one, but is looked on as a sort of in-
trusive foreigner in Ireland, which cannot be
too speedily got rid of. It is idle to sup-
pose that with a resident native Parliament
in Dublin, the two countries can remain long
united to each other under the same Crown.
The very first principle of common sense militates
against such a supposition. The moment that
witnesses the repeal of the Union, will witness
also the destruction of England's glory. A
variety of Irish, will, from time to time, arise,
wholly opposed to British interests ; jealousies
will necessarily follow—then distrust—then
remonstrance—and lastly, separation—a com-
plete irrevocable separation between the two
countries. In such a state of things, how
wretched will be the condition of the Orangeman !
The recollection of his former ascendancy
being still painfully alive in the breasts
of the triumphant Catholics, he will be made,

is not the object of persecution, at any rate
the mark for contempt and ridicule to shoot at.
Individuals may, but parties seldom, forget or
forgive past offences, and in the day of his victory
the Catholic will not be slow to remember
that the Protestant joined him in his struggle to
repeal the Union, not from patriotic but factious
motives,—not from a desire to serve Ireland, but
from a wish to revenge himself on England.

On Friday morning last a hay stack and a
straw stack were burned, belonging to Mr. QUARNEO •
ROUGH, of Pointon, near Falkingham. A corn stack was
also ignited, but fortunately the flames were discovered in
time to prevent the corn being injured to a serious extent :
a labourer, who was assisting in extinguishing the flumes,
had stooped down on one side of the burning stacks when
a :large wooden bucket, which had been accidentally
thrown over the stack, lighted on his loins, and bruised
him very severely,—so much so indeed that his life was
despaired of. Mr. QUARNBOROUGIE, it appears, had been
using a threshing machine a few days previously to the
confligratiou, although his landlord, B. SMITH, Esq., of
Burbling, had positively desired him not to use a threshing
machine. Three men have been apprehended on suspicion
of setting fire to the stacks.—Brighton Guardian.

SHOCKING ACCIDENT.-011 Saturday last,
as Mr. JOHN Bur,Loci', taxman of one of the Derry coal-
pits, parish of Campsie, was proceeding down the pit by
means of the bucket rope, he unfortunately lost his hold,
and was precipitated to the bottom. Ills fall was broken
by an iron hook, which penetrated behind his ear, by
which he hung until his cheek-bone gave way. The poor
man did not survive the accident many minutes. Mr.
BuLtocir has left five motherless children.—Caledonian
Mercury.

THE DESTROYERS OF MACHINERY.---Yes-
terday a numerous meeting was held at the Kent and
Essex Assembly Room, Whitechapel, to take into consi-
deration the propriety of petitioning his MAJEsTY to spare
the lives of the unfortunate and deluded individuals, who
have been convicted under the Special Commission, of de-
stroying machinery, and who are now lying under the
awful sentence of death.—The Chair was taken at twelve
o'clock by Mr. D. Wien, who stated the object of the
meeting. Happily a Special Commission had been ap-
pointed to expound the law. He believed that many of
the offenders did not know their danger, or the law appli-
cable to the offence of destroying machinery. Several were
then under sentence of death, and considering the deluded
men objects for the Royal mercy, he should propose a pe-
tition to our Most Gracious SOVEREIGN, in the hope of
obtaining a commutation of capital puniahment.—The
petition having been read, was agreed to, and a subscrip
tion made to carry the object of the meeting into effect.

INCENDIARISM Iti ESSEX.—BILLERICAY,
MONDAY.—Yesterday morning-, about two o'clock; a fire,
supposed, from the inquiries hitherto made, io be the
work of an incendiary, broke out in the ram of Mr. J.
RAYNAM, of the Mooted House, Basse!jon, within a few
miles of this town, which destroyed stock and property to
the value, as estimated, of nearly 2,0001. Among the
property consumed were fiva corn-stacks, two barns full
of beans and barley, a cow-house, granary, in which were
three pigs, one cow, two fat hogs, three calves, awl a
large quantity of farming implements. The Equitable
fire-engine, from this town, was sent to the spot as soon
as an express arrived here communicating the intelligence,
and succeeded in saving some small portion of the property
from the flames, consisting of five stacks of hay, and three
of corn. The labourers from the adjoining farms were all
on the spot, and rendered every assistance in their power
towards checking the progress of the flames. They after-
wards ate the pigs, which were made into excellent crack-
ling, with he owner's permission.
Lord WELLINGTON was much occupied in
his bureau, and for the sake of health and diversion of the
mind, went out daily with his fowling-piece upon the
plains. He had one day of princely sport in the Royal
park of Villa Viciosa, a hunting-palace of the Kings of
Portugal. Upon this occasion one wild boar and 25 head
of deer were heaped upon the sward as the trophy of the
day. He was always gay and good-humoured with those
about him, and inspiring others with the confidence which
he evidently felt himself.—Catinct Library.—Mentoirs
of IVellington.
SPECIMEN OF A SPANISH GENERAL.--
An attack was agreed upon for the morning of the 23d ;
but when the English General came to the quarters of
CUESTA to arrange the details of the attack, the sld man
was gone to bed, and not to be disturbed. At three in the
morning the British columns were under arms, but CUESTA
was not to be spoken with till seven o'clock, and then re-
fused to join in the attack, offering among other reasons,
his objection to fight upon a Sunday ! CUESTA, however,
Was prevailed upon to agree to an attack for the morning
ofto make a reconnoisance of the French position, the old
gentleman
arrived in a cumbrous coach and six at the ap-
pointed place, to the surprise of Sir ARTHUR, and the
the 2i th and, having proposed to the English General
;
amusement of his active staff.—Cabinet Librarg.--1116-
moirs of 'Wellington.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JAN. 4.—Wind E.S.E.—The outward-bound
have sailed.

PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 4.—Wind E. S.E.—Off the Wight
the New Times, Fox, from Patras. Sailed the Funchal,
Dalgarno, for New South Wales.
DARTMOUTH, JAN. 3.—Arrived the Jane, Radcliffe,
from Smyrna.
GLOUCESTER, JAN. 3.—Arrived the Emery, Brown,
from St. Petersburgh.
Mmroan, JAN. 3.—Arrived the March, Burrows,
from Seville.

LIVERPOOL, DEC. 3.—Arrived the George, Brown,
from Quebec. The Pilo►, Jones, bound here, has put
back to Quebec, having been on shore in the St. Law-
rence, but was ready to sail the 30th November.
GRAVESEND, JAN. 4.-SAiled the Earl Stanhope,
Salmon, for New South Wales. Arrived the Quebec
packet, Atkinson ; and Campion, Bacon; from Quebec.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 3.-The Endeavour, Parry, from
Fowey to Liverpool, has grounded upon an anchor in St.
Mawe's Harbour, awl filled with water.

SCARBOROUG 11, JAN. 3.—The Acorn, Davey, of
Dunbar, has put into this port, with starboard. bow stove
by the Vestal, Hannan, and coming in contact with her
while lying to in Filey Bay.

The following arriv,ils have taken place at St. John's,
New Brunswick:—Mary Ann, Bramwell, from Liver-
pool; Rosemont, Westatt, from Dublin; Elizabeth, Clark,
from Swansea; Dispatch, Holmes, from St. Lucia; and
Thomas, Hanford, from Berbice.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.

Owing to_ the foggy weather, several of the vessels
from which samples were received on Monday have not
got up the river, and the supplies are generally short
Good Wheat fully :maintained Monday's quotations, and
there is no alteration in the price of other Grain. There
are but few persons present, and little doing,

ARRIVALS.
Wheat. j Barley. Oata. I Flour.
1,87 > qrs. I 1,610 qrs. I 495 qrs.i I,B9osacks.
- 1,700 -
' 4'20 185 - brls.

English

trial
Foreign
