reigning,—and that a Regency was forth+► ith ap.
pointed.

[From the Aroniteur of Monday.l

We learn from Cordova, under date of the 15th
June :—On the 11th, the Cortes assembled at
Seville. The Ministers announced the entrance
of our troops into Cordova, which, however, did
not take place until the 13th. Galliano imme-
diately moved an address to his Majesty, praying

that he would withdraw from Seville to Cadiz
with the Government, within twenty-four hours
This proposition passed unanimously. This ad-
dress was presented to the king, who 'formally
refused. The Deputy then ascended the tribune,
and-proposed-1. The deposition of the King ;
2. The establishment of a Regency, in considera-
tion that his Majesty is not in the enjoyment of
his moral qualities. This motion was also carried
unanimously. The Cortes afterwards proceeded
to appoint the Regensy, which was composed of
three Alembers—Valdes, (President), Ciscer,
and Vigo.
Violence was used towards the King by the
Revolutionists, and he experienced every kind of
insult. •
After the evacuation by the Constitutional
troops, the people pillaged several houses, and
there were some victims of their fury. The au-
thorities of ISW immediately resumed their
functions, and succeeded in restoring order. On
the 14th that great city was perfectly tranquil.
Generals Bourdesoult and Bourmont will soon
b; there, and will immediately advance on Cadiz.
It is known that that city is not provisioned.
Blockaded by land and sea, it must soon sur-
render.

[From the Journal des Debat: of Monday.]
This Paper repeats the above account, under
the date of Madrid, June 17, and then adds—
" Such is what we learn from Cordova. A thousand reports
are circulating at Madrid. It is said that there was a secret
sitting of the Cortes; that the King was present at that sitting ;
and that they were read to him, accompanied itith insults, some
letters -which that unfortunate Prince had witten to his rela-
tives and friends to complain of his state of slavery and the
persecutions he had to endure.
" Every one believes that the denouement is approaching.
On the 16th the people crowded to the Town-house with accla-
mations of joy, in consequence of the report that Ferdinand
was detained at Seville by the Marine Regiment, and some
officers who had declared for the King."
( From the Constitutionnel of Monday.)
If l'Eloile, which announces hr a positive
manner, may be relied on, the Cortei on the 11th
of June, the eve of their departure from Cadiz,
proclaimed the deposition of the King. The
evening Journal adds, that the Cortes have
created a regency, in pursuance of the following
articles of their ConstitutiOn
" The sovereignty resides essentially in the nation.
" The Cortes shall exclude from the throne the person or
persons who may be found incapable of governing, or who may
by any act deserve to lose the crown.
The Cortes assembled shall proceed to appoint a Regency
consisting of three persons."
[From the Journal du Commerce.]
PARIS, JUNE 23.—1 t is very difficult to please every-body.—
Whilst one JoUrnal, supposed to be edited under the influence
of the Minister of War, praises the rapidity of the march of
General Bordesoult, the Drapean Blanc insinuates that he
would not be able to arrive at Seville before the departure of
he King.
Again, the first of these two Journals announced that our
troops entered Seville on the 111th, in the evening, and that the
population, who were all in commotion in consequence of the
departure of the King, had shewn great eagerness in the recep-
tion given to the French. " But, however unanimous this Fe.
nerous movement, it was far (says this Jounial}ftorn-equalling
the enthusiasm manifested at Cordova--the latter was madness.
The Count de Bordesoult had great difficulty in preventing
them from carrying him in triumph."
Truly, these are valuable documents; but why is not the
iffasiteur before-hand in announcing events of such im-
portance ?
The Drapeau Blanc tells us that we may legitimately cony.
bat revolution, whether it descends from a throne or proceeds
from a nation, and that such is the irrevocable resolution of
the Holy Alliance, datermined, according to this Journalist, to
maintain social order in despite of the King of Wurtemberg,
whose scandalona resistance has excited the just indignation of
the High

The following is from the Journal, des Debuts.
The brief statement respecting MINA relates t
events, the particulars of which were previously
