LITERATURE,

TEE OAKLEIGH SHOOTING CODE.
BY TO.lf OAKLEPTifi.
Lortdo•l, .:I?4`.stoft*,
We eodiallAT l'e6iniitiAid to every gentleman who delights
in shiMoting this new, improved, and illustrated edition of one
of the best sporting manuals of which we have any know-
, ledge. Ever, page of it tc2;14.3 with ihrOrrriation bcitia4
valuable to tU professional and the amateur sportsman.
the help of it the merest tyro in dkiiowledge of field sports,
may, in one week, qualify himself topass muster very credit-
ably at a grouse-shooting dinner party, and even take aim
at a partridge on the wing without, like the luckless Cock-
ney sportsman in " Pickwick," lodging the charge in the
arm of the nearest bystander. It may be car:ied in the
pocket, and is so flr well adapted to the convenience of
such as may wish to refer to it in the course of a brief
shooting excursion. The author is evidently a keen and
experienced sportsman.

STRICTURES ON A LIFE OF WILLIAM
WILBERFORCE, BY HIS SONS.
SY THOMAS CLARKSON, M.A.
London, Longman and Co., 1838.
That the last-surviving member of the original Committee
for the Abolition of Slavery should be compelled to come
forward in the seventy-ninth year of his age, " his sight dim
and his natural force abated," to defend an imperishable
memory against the unworthy insinuations of the children of
his early friend and co-labourer, is an event, the necessity
for which, every feeling and upright person cannot help
deeply deploring. When the " Life of Wilberforce, by his
Sons" was published, we remember being struck with the
depreciating spirit in which the invaluable services of the
patriarch of the Slavery Abolition Society, the zealous,
enthusiastic, and virtuous Clarkson, were alluded to ; the
more especially as the long and familiar intimacy of Wil-
ham Wilberforce and Thomas Clarkson was known to every
member of the Society, as well as to the mutual acquaint-
ances of these gentlemen ; and likewise, because that for a
period of forty-nine years, Mr. Clarkson's claim to the
immortal honour of being the first to devote the labours of
his life to the abolition of slavery—of being the first to con-
vince by his eloquence, his zeal, and his untiring persever-
ance, the early members of the London Committee that
the cause in which they were engaged was not only righteous
is the abstract, but morally and politically capable of at-
tainment—was proclaimed by his early colleagues as a merit
especially and exclusively his own. When in 1787 he as-
sociated himself with Sharp, Hoare, Harrison, Lloyd,
Woods, Dillwyn, Phillips, Sansom, Barton, Hooper, and
subsequently with Wilberforce, he was himself the
only individual who felt a conviction that such a
little band was, under Providence, capable of waging
a successful war against one of the most deeply-
rooted abuses in the whole catalogue of European enormi-
ties. We fancied, however, that in detracting from the
well-earned fame of Clarkson, the biographers of Wilber-
force, did so unconsciously, from an excess of filial regard
for the memory of their father. Charity forbade us to
contemplate that in the plenitude of their zeal, these gen-
tlemen could be aware that they were planting a thorn in
the breast of that father's early intimate, and honoured
friend—that they were wilfully misrepresenting, suppressing,
and perverting facts connected with such of the labours of
that friend as would entitle him to as honourable mention
as their father in the pages of British history. We are dis-
tressed to learn that we were mistaken in our charitable
estimate of the biographers' motives. It is painful to find
that the Messrs. Wilberforce cannot plead ignorance of
the injury they were inflicting upon the feelings of Mr.
Clarkson when writing their father's " Life." In these
"Strictures" of the venerable Clarkson, we find the copy
of a letter addressed by one of the sons of Wilberforce to
that gentleman, dated July, 1834, in which, after alluding
to the return of certain documents which Mr. Clarkson
had kindly furnished as affording materials for the " Life,"
the following ominous passage occurs :
" The impression which, as far as I can see, your history of
that cause (Mr. Clarkson's History of Slavery) is calculated
to convoy, is, that my father was originally engaged in it by
you, and that he was subsequently a sort of Parliamentary
agent, of whom you availed yourself. Now, that neither of
these statements is correct I have abundant evidence. I
could hope, indeed, that the impression which your book con-
veys, was not that which you intended to give; but the er-
roneous conclusion, to which it leads, my father's biographer
will be obliged to notice ' • he will be compelled to show both
that Mr. Wilberforce did not originally enter upon the cause
at your suggestion, and that when he had taken it up, he was
the principal, by whom its operations were directed.
" I do not say this, Sir, from any feeling of disrespect to-
wards you, but on the contrary because I am unwilling that
you should only learn along with the public at large the tong
which the writer of my father's life must needs take on such a
subject. No one feels more reverence than Ido for your
labours in that holy cause ; and I am sure that my brother
will endeavour to state that which the claims of truth no less
than of filial duty require him to express, in a manner as free
as possible from all insult and unkindly feeling."

Well might Mr. Clarkson feel astonished, as he says he
did, by the announcement of an intention not wantonly to
insult him in the biography of his friend Wilberforce. The
young gentleman, however, displayed the charity of a true
son of the Church upon the occasion. In the letter in
which he intimates to his father's friend his own moral
certainty that his brother would treat that friend with as
little insult as possible, he charitably presents him with "a
small volume of family prayers," doubtless with the inten-
tion of arming him with Christian fortitude to bear meekly
and in silence the modicum of insult with which that
brother, from a sense of duty, might be compelled to heap
upon his memory. For instances of Christianity charity to
match this, we must refer our readers to the Inquisi-
torial Annals of the holy Brotherhood of St. Dominic.
When Mr. Clarkson had recovered from the stunning
effect of his first feelings of astonishment, he addressed a
long letter to the Messrs. Wilberforce, carefully pointing
out to them the extent of the error into which they had
fallen ; modestly and sensibly deprecating all idea of a con-
trast betwixt his labours and those of their honoured parent ;
earnestly entreating them not to do him the wanton injus-
tice of aspersing him for grasping at honours to which he
had never, either by word or in writing, laid the shadow of
a claim ; and warning them of the danger to them, and the
painfulne,s to an old man like himself, of provoking a con-
troversy upon the subject. Nor did Mr. Clarkson rest
even here. Two of his early associates in the great labour
of his life were then living, and to them individually he ap-
pealed for their testimony upon the subject ; and which,
having received, he forwarded for the information of the
biographers. The following extract from the letter of the
venerable Archdeacon Corbett contains a statement which
the Messrs. Wilberforce ought not to have lightly discre-
dited. The letter is dated August, 1834—long enough
before the appearance of the biography to admit of any
correction in its pages :
" The impression on my mind is, that you were always
looked up to as the person who brought the question forward,
and that Mr. Wilberforce always acknowledged you as such.
* * You are the head of the measure so far as the first
motion is concerned, and so far as individual labour could
establish the truth of the premises. Mr. Wilberforce was the
head of the measure as bringing it More Parliament, and
using therein the information you had procured in the way he
thought best calculated to insure the abolition of the slave
trade."

The late lamented William Smith, M.P. for Norwich,
was the next witness appealed to by Mr. Clarkson. We
subjoin an extract from his letter, which was duly for-
warded to the Messrs. Wilberforce

" With respect to prior enlistment in the service, I should
decide that Will)crforee must yield to Ciarkson ; that, at their
first interview (related in the history of the Abolition, vol. i.
page 241), Wilberforce truly stated that the subject had
often employed his thoughts, and was near his heart' nobody
can doubt ; and I think it most probable, that he would have
taken it up and earr.ed it through ' as the leader,' even though
he had not possessed the advantage of so invaluable a coad-
jutor as Clarkson proved himself to be ; but at that instant
NA ilberforce was but recently entering on the active course in
which Clarkson had been for two years employed; nor can it
be denied that Clarkson's share of the enterprise was most
laborious, and the least attractive of public notice or praise,
though both were liberally bestowed by active supporters of
the cause, and by none more than by Wilberforce himself."
Nor is the testimony of Lord Brougham—the great
consummator of total abolition, and the unsolicited patron
of the Messrs. Wilberforce—less explicit. His Lordship
thus writes to Mr. Clarkson :

" It was Wilberforce who first introduced me to your ac-
quaintance; and I distinctly recollect his telling me at the
time how much he rejoiced that I had done you justice in my
book upon Colonies; he added, " for Thomas took the field
before any of us." I have heard him say the same thing in
public, I think in the House of Commons; but that he said
so at a public meeting, a few years before his death, I am
quite certain. Although Granville Sharp had attacked
slavery generally—and, on one question connected with it,
had gained an important victory; end although Mr. Ramsay
and one or two others had denounced the horrors of the West

Indian system, I certainly had always heard you admitted to
be the person who substantially began the controversy—
who first brought the question forward. That this was Wil-
berforce's view of the matter also I really never had any more
doubt than that he knew your name to be T. Clarkson."
And in the imperishable work just published by Lord
Brougham—his speeches with sketches of his contempo-
raries--appears the following portrait of Clarkson, which,
while it immortalizes his memory, places all that has been
previously urged beyond the reach of cavil :
" Granville Sharpe was followed in his bright course by
Thomas Clarkson, of whom it has been justly said, nor can
higher praise be earned by man, that, to the great and
good qualities of Las Casas—his benevolence—his unwearied
perseverance—his inflexible determination of purpose—piety
which would honour a saint—courage which would accomplish
a martyr, he added the sound judgment and strict sense of
joufst;:e e which were wanting in the otherwise perfect character
Spanish philanthropist. While pursuing his studies at
Cambridge,t he made the slave trade the subject of an essay,
which gained one of the University prizes; and this accident

having called his especial attention to the iniquity of that exe-
crable ccmmerce, he devoted his life to waging an implacable
hostility u ith it, The eiticlenee which he aoll,etted and brought
botdfe A Committee tO obfgiff ifs`deer/ the
::.';f,tenOn of Mr. \''illifrfoteet;.find4,Curel4t.,o?ie6 the cervices
of that great man as ine
Nor was it by Philosophers and Statesmen only that Clark-
son was recognised as the dauntle,s leader of the faithful
and intrepid band.,iyhi!th first, ts,v22l.2Poca Europe ii, the hor-
rofs of iheSlaire Trade, NlPl,OrdgOtirth stud ,loutly,y both
in i'ers6s, which iii ti i~ 14e Oirtibtf.Frt with our
literature, the pre-eminent labours of toe venerable iiiark-
son. We can only find space in our columns for a very
beautiful Sonnet from Wurdsttmtli 2--
TO THOMAS CLARKSON,

ON THE FINAL PASSING OF TIIE BILL FOlt TIIE ABOLITION OF
TIIE SLAVE 'TRADE, MA.RCEI, 1807.
Clarkon ! it was an obstinate hill to chin') ;
How toilsome—nay, how dire—it was, by thee
Is known; by none, perhars, so feelingly '
But thou, who starting in thy fervent prime,
Didst first lead forth that enterprise sublime,
'last heard the constant Voice its charge repeat,
Which, out of thy young heart's oracular 8-at.
First roused thee. 0 true yoke-fellow of Time,
Duty's intrepid liegeman, see the palm
Is won, and by all nations shall be worn !
The blcod-stained writing is for ever torn;
And thou henceforth wilt have a good man's calm
A great man's happiness ; thy zeal shall find
Repose at length, firm friend of human kind !
We must here conclude our notice of these " Stric-
tures," which an earnest desire to do justice to a man on
the brink of the grave, who has been a benefactor to his
species, and whose private virtues are an ornament to so-
ciety, has induced us to protract to what with us is an un-
usual length. It was cruel to disturb the well-earned re-
Pose of Clarkson ; nor are we surprised to learn that the
attempt has recoiled upon the memory of him upon whom
it was designed to reflect additional glory. The Messrs.
Wilberforce must themselves be aware, by this time, of the
folly of which they have been guilty—not more as regal ds
Mr. Clarkson, than as concerns a multitude of incidents
personal to their father alone, and deeply affecting his cha-
racter for sterling moral integrity. We have no wish to
wound their feelings, however wantonly they may irave
lacerated those of others ; and therefore we shall not re-
peat here the reflections, to which a perusal of the work
must give rise in every candid mind. Wilberforce was a
truly good and exemplary man in every relation of life ; and
in so affirming, we sufficiently prove that we are not guided
by all his biographers relate of his Courtly piety.

THE SPIRIT OF THE EAST. in 2 .Vols.
Br D. URQUHART, Ese. London, Collmrn, 1838.

Whatever opinions may be entertained of Mr. Urquhart's
prudence as a diplomatist, or his sagacity as a practical
politician, no one who will take the trouble to peruse this
work can justly call in question his qualifications to treat of
the civil, social, and religious ceremonies, customs, and in-
stitutions of the people of Turkey. Well known to us by
his former publications on Oriental questions, and still
better known to us from circumstances connected with his
appointment to the Secretaryship of our Embassy at Con-
stintinople, we were prepared to test Mr. Urquhart's book
by a high standard, and we have pleasure in stating that it
far exceeds the expectations we had formed of it. The author
did not, after the fashion of most modern writers of travels,
content himself with running through a country, which he
had never seen before, at the rate of fifty miles a day, a
sketch book in his hand, a note book in his pocket, and a
discarded valet, or courier, as his sole interpreter, and
after a six weeks' ramble, wherever the roads were best,
and the inhabitants most peaceable, " knock off" a couple
of volumes in the form most suited to the current taste of
an excitement-loving public. " The claims," he says,
" which I can offer as the ground of my own confidence,
or of the confidence of others in my opinions, are—ten
years unremittingly employed in the acquisition of the ne-
cessary information for judging of the countries which are
here in part described. During this period, unoccupied
with any other pursuit, my time has been entirely devoted
to investigation in detail, or to general studies collaterally,
bearing on the laws, history, commerce, political and
diplomatic position of the East, and more particularly
of Turkey." When to such unremitting attention
is superadded on the part of the inquirer, a well
informed mind, a naturally clear judgment, a respect-
able social position, agreeable manners, and an
easy adaptation of individual habits to foreign manners—
and Mr. Urquhart appears to have combined most, if not
all, of these requisites in his own person—strong indeed
ate the claims of a writer upon the confidence of all to
whom be addresses himself. In fact Mr. Urquhart's is the
only sterling work that has appeared upon Turkey since
the publication of Lady Mary Wortley Montague's
cele-
brated Letters from the Levant. We select as an ex-
tract the following curious summary of " contrasts" be-
tween the manners of Western Europeans and Turks, not
as best evincing the spirit of the book, but as best suited to
the space which we can affcrd to devote to it—as well as
to the columns of a daily Journal :
" Europeans commemorate the laying of the foundation,
stone ; Turks celebrate the covering in of the roof.
Among the Turks, a beard is a mark of dignity ; with us of
negligence.
Shaving the head is, with them, a custom; with us, a
punishment.
We take off our gloves before our Sovereign ; they cover
their hands with their sleeves.
We enter our apartment with our head uncovered; they
enter an apartment with the feet uncovered.
With them, the men have their necks and their arms naked;
with us, women have their arms end necks naked.
With us, the women parade in gay colours, and the men in
sombre ; with them, in both cases, it is the reverse.
With us, the men ogle the women ; in Turkey, the women
ogle the men.
With us, the lady looks shy and bashful; in Turkey, it is
the gentleman.
In Europe, a lady cannot visit a gentleman; in Turkey,
she can. In Turkey, a gentleman cannot visit a lady; in
Europe, he can.
There the ladies always wear trousers, and the gentlemen
sometimes wear petticoats.
With us, the red cap is the symbol of license ; with them,
it is the hat.
In our rooms the roof is white and the wall is coloured ;
with them, the wall is white and the roof is coloured.

In Turkey, there arc gradations of social rank without pri.
vileges ; in England, there are privileges without co. respond.
inr,' social distinctions.
With us, social forms and etiquette supersede domestic
ties ; with them, the etiquette of relationship supersedes that
of society.
With us, the schoolmaster appeals to tie authority of the
parent ; with them, the parent has to appeal to the superior
authority and responsibility of the schoolmaster.
With us, a student is punished by being confined to
chapel ;' with them, a scholar is punished by being excluded
from the mosque.
Their children have the manners of men ; our men the
manners of children.

Amongst us, masters require characters with their servants;
in Turkey, servants inquire into the character of masters.
We consider dancing a ponte recreation ; they consider it a
disgraceful avocation.
In Turkey, religion restrains the imposition of political
taxes ; in England, the Government impos,_s taxes for religion.
In England, the religion of the State exacts contributions
from sectarians; in Turkey, the religion of the State protects
the property of sectarians against Government taxes.
An Englishman will be astonished at vi hat he calls the ab-
sence of public credit in Turkey ; the Turk will be amazed at
our national debt.

The first will despise the Turks for having no organization
to facilitate exchange ; the Turk will be astounded to per-
ceive, in England, laws to impede the circulation of commerce.

The Turk will wonder how Government can be carried on
with divided opinions; the Englishman will not believe that,
without opposition, independence can exist.
In Turkey. commotion may exist without disaffection ; in
England, disaffection exists without commotion.
A European, in Turkey, will consider the administration of
justice defective ; a Turk, in Europe, will consider the prin-
ciples of law unjust.
The first would esteem property, in Turkey, insecure against
violence; the second would consider property, in England,
insecure against law.
The first would marvel how, without lawyers, law car. be
administered; the second would marvel how, with lawyers,
justice can be obtained.

The first would be startled at the want of a check upon the
central Government ; the second would be amazed at the
absence of controul over the local administration.
We cannot conceive immutability in the principles of the
State compatible with well-being, ; they cannot conceive that
which is good and just capable of change.
The Englishman will esteem the Turk unhappy because he
has no public amusements ; the Turk will reckon the man
miserable who lacks amusements from home.
The Englishman will look on the Turk as destitute of taste,
because he has no pictures; the Turk will consider the
Englishman destitute of feeling, from his disregard of nature.
The Turk will be horrified at prostitution and bastardy :
the Englishman at polygamy. •
The first will be disgusted at our haughty treatment of our
inferiors; the second will revolt at the purchase of slaves.
They will reciprocally call each other fanatic in religion—
dissolute in morals—uncleanly in habits—unhappy in the
develepment of their sympathies and their tastes--destitute
severally of political freedom—each will consider the other
unfit for good society.

The European will term the Turk pompous and sullen ;
the Turk will call the European flippant and vulgar.
It may therefore be imagined how interesting, friendly, and
harmonious must be the intercourse between the two."

THE HISTORY (j. ENGLAND. Vols. IX. and X.
B Y HUM E, SMDLLETT, AND STEBBING.
London, Joseph Richerhy, 1838.
These volumes bring down the history of England to the
Revolution of 168 S ; and, according to the scheme of the
publisher, conclude half the work. They are carefully
edited, beautifully illustrated, and published monthly at a
price which places them within the reach of all classes.
