-- ---
MR. ROEBUCK AND THE TIMES.

As we copied yesterday afternoon the morning accoun'
in the Times of the Mechanics' Institute proceedings, we
deem ourselves bound to insert the subjoined letter, with
the Times' comment upon it. We will only observe that
we think both accounts may be to a consicierahle extent
correct. We have only to suppose that the Times re-
porter was upon the watch for hisses, whilst Mr. Roebuck
was rather looking for cheers :

Sir,--The report in your paper of today containing an ac-
count of the proceedings that took place yesterday at the Me-
chanics' Institute has given me great pain, since it states (most
erroneously) that I disturbed the harmony of the meeting by
introducing political topics into the very few observations I
made. I have therefore taken the liberty of describing what
actually did take place, and hope that you will be good enough
to publish my account of the matter.
I was requested on coming into the institution to move a
resolution and say a few words thereon. Had not this request
been made by a friend who had previously been solicited, and
who felt the task somewhat irksome, I should not have acceded
to it, as I am not accustomed to the formal and conventional
modes of expression requisite on such occasions.

On rising to move the resolution I was somewhat startled at
finding that the mention of my nameproduced an instantaneous
and prolonged burst of approbation. Iso seldom appear in
Public that I could hardly believe that any feelings, whether of
approbation or otherwise, could be attached to my name. It
was plain, nevertheless, that a very strong feeling, I know not
how or wherefore, was connected with it.

My mind, I acknowledge, is occupied with politics, and
chiefly with the means of instituting national education. When,
therefore, I was called on to speak in a place dedicated to po.
pular instruction, it was not wonderful that I should connect
with the matter in hand some allusion to the education of the
people by the Government. While commenting on this matter
I lamented the present confined notions entertained on the
subject of the ends or objects of Government. I stated that
very few persons now considered the general instruction of the
people to be legitimately included within those views,
and I therefore warned the people that they must ex-
pect no assistance in this great business from any but them.
selves, and that, consequently, their efforts must not
be relaxed. I also observed that I could say, from my expe-
rience in other places, that the views entertained of the busi-
ness of Government were not of so enlarged and extensive a
character as to include the great, the all-important object of
public education; that, unfortunately, those views were con.
fined to a few narrow and partial objects. At this moment
there was very loud and very general applause, mixed with a
hiss from one or two persons, who evidently had mistaken the
purport of my observation. Any one who has ever been in
an assembly met to hear others talk must know the conse.
quence of disapprobation expressed by a very small minority.
Rounds of cheers followed, to drown the slight mark of dis.
approbation. Silence, however, was restored in a moment,
and I remarked that some misapprehension lid occurred.
Some persons had fancied, I said, that I was about to
introduce subjects immediately political. and to snake allu.
sions connected with subjects of pchtical discussion. I
begged them to believe that such was not my intention; that
I most sincerely deprecated ar.y wish to introduce matters
that might produce any difference of opinion in a place like
the present, where nothing but the most kindly feelings ought
to rise or be entertainer. I stated that my only object was to
direct attention to the fact that the business of national edu-
cation was really a national concern, but was not so considered;
and, when so doing, I could not but lament that institutions
like the present should not receive the fostering aid of Go-
vernnient ; that they should be forced to make their way
through storms and difficulties and dangers ; that they should
have to conquer the many obstacles lying in the way of all
private endeavours. I need not follow further the observations
I made. Let me, however, observe, that no other mark of any
ut
difference of opinion followed ; that the one that had occurred
was b
the
general,
earl
eariarl
andfaued
singleconti
nmomaepint,r;obonaantid thatfolltohwi
the same
same
very loud,the
close that had attended the commencement of my remarks.
I do not generally care about what may be said of me in the
public prints. The subject of education, however, is one so
deeply interesting to me, the kind and good feelings that ought
to be felt towards each other by all persons who strive to pro-
mote it I deem of such vital import, that I could not let a
report go uncontradicted which might induce any one to believe
that I was careless or rash enough willingly to produce the
least possible difference among those met to celebrate one of
the most cheering events connected with this great subject.
I have to apologise for the length of my note, and to beg
you to believe me, Your obedient servant,
15, Gray's Inn Square, J. A. ROEBUCK.
Feb. 21.

*** The ;eporter to whom the aforegoing letter, with
its private postscript, has been referred (for there can be
no communication between us and Mr. Roebuck, which
cannot be shown to a gentleman in whom we confide)
states, that " he contents himself with asserting posi-
tively, in direct contradiction to Mr. Roebuck, that the
report conveys a perfectly just impression of what occurred
with reference to Mr. Roebuck, the expressions attri-
buted to whom were used by him ; that, in pity to Mr.
Roebuck, be abstains from commenting upon his letter
(though the misstatement in the private postscript would
warrant a severe comment), leaving the office of criticising
it to those who were present."

RIVAL ORATORS.--Mr. Fox used to say,
I never want a word, but PITT never wants the wort.'
This story occurs in many memoirs of the times....-I{lur•
ray's Byron, Vol. xi V.

(From the Dublin Morning Register of Wednesday.)
Yesterday there was a meeting of the members of the
Volunteer Society, held at the Corn Exchange.
JOHN GANNON, Esq., in the chair.
Mr. J. S. CLOSE had been requested by the Committee
to lay before the body certain resolutions which they had
approved of, and which be hoped would a‘so meet the ap-
probation of the entire assembly around him. To the
rights—to the full freedom and independence of that
country he was firmly and for ever devoted, eve❑ as the
modern phrase went, to the death."—(Cheers.) They
should remember that at such a mcment the ordinary
phraseology of declamation, however appropriate, was nut
altogether free of the danger of being misunderstood by
those they should least wish to deceive.--jlear, hear. )
Words were now to become things, and thr.t which they
would not embody in action,/ or did not wish to urge
others to commit, should be left unsaid.--( Hear, hear.)
What was the first thought that now pervaded his mind,
and that of every man who respected his rights as a human
being, and his privileges as a British subject? 'Why, the
maddening sense of slavery—that he and they stood there
as slaves—(Loud cries of " Hear, hear")—slaves,
tle-
ptived of the protection of those laws and that Con-
stitution to which alone they owed allegiance.—(Cheers. )
The Bill proposed by Elrl Grey bad been aptly styled by
the Morning Register, a❑ " Infernal Statute ;" he hoped
it would never lose a title so appropriate.—(Hear, hear.)
(Here the Learned Gentleman adverted to the principal
provisions of the Bill, and proceeded.) There was one
point which marked a demoniac spirit of torture—it was
that section of the Bill which enabled the officials em-
ployed to inflict it on the Irish people—to arrest on the
slightest grounds any individu d, and to make himself the
gaoler of his victim.—( Hear, hear.) Was tbe contempla-
tion of such outrages as were thus impending to be tamely
ensured—was it in human nature to submit to them
(Cries of " No, no.") lie would pass from the considera-
tion of the provisions of the Bill to inquire who were
the men to Le intrusted with its enforcement—these were
the military and the magistracy. Of the character of
the English army generally he would say nothing in com-
mendation or dispraise; but, of the fitness of its officers
to administer justice or law in Ireland, he would assert
that, as a body, they were utterly incompetent. They
were nearly all alien in habits, feelings, station, and evtn
in country, to the people of Ireland.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
Why was it, if murders committed escaped punishment
through intimidation or corruption of jurors, and that this
was to justify this infernal statute—why was it delayed so
long after the homicides at Newtownbarry and Carrick-
shock? Were the lives of the peaceful people nothing,
and the impunity of their oppressors everything in the eyes
of Government ?—( Hear, hear.) English force, and the
regard which every man should feel for life, might prevent
the resistance it was his birthright to give to despotism,
but he never would be the willing slave of England.—(Loud
and repeated cheers.) He concluded by moving the fol-
lowing resolutions, which were carried by acclamation :
Resolved—That we have read with horror and indignation
a Bill brought into the House of Lords by Earl Grey, on
Friday, the 15th of February, purporting to be an " Act for
the effectual suppression of local disturbances and dangerous
associations in Ireland," and that we consider the provisions of
such Bill to be subversive of our best rights and liberties as
British subjects.
Resolved—That this audacious and execrable violation of
that Constitution and those laws by which our freedom, our
lives, and our properties, are protected, has been attempted
without any justification or sufficient pretext whatsoever, but
is founded upon information derived from sources undeserving
of credit, and actuated in general by selfish and corrupt motives.
Resolved—That we being well acquainted with the condi-
tion of this country, and the wants and true interests of our
countrymen, do firmly assert our opinion that all or any por-
tion of the coercive measures devised and promulgated in the
proposed Bill are totally unnecessary for the preservation of
the peace of the country, and the due administration of justice ;
and, on the contrary, that we deem the total repeal or mitiga.
tion of several Acts now in force against the people, and the
speedy enactment of extensive measures of relief and redress
of grievances, essential to the security of the subject, and the
establishment of social order.

Resolved—That it is our deliberate and solemn opinion that
the proposed Bill, if passed into law, will for ever destroy the
confidence of the Irish people in British legislation, and en-
danger the safety of the British empire.
Resolved—That we do, therefore, immediately present an
humble petition to the King, r,spectfully representing these,
the sentiments of his people, and earnestly imploring bins to
avert from this country and his entire realm, consequences so
disastrous to the best interests of both.

Resolved—That we do also present a petition of similar pur-
port to the House of Commons.

Resolved—That we prepare an address to the people of Eng-
land, earnestly entreating them, as they value the liberty every
freeman desires—as they respect the common rights of civi.
lized man, and the common interests of their fellow-subjects,
and as they would manifest their gratitude for the aid we gave
them in procuring for them the blessings of Reform—to use
every legal and constitutional effort in their power to prevent
the adoption of a law so disgraceful to humanity, and so fraught
with danger to our mutual welfare, independence, and freedom.

Resolved—That it is our duty to implore of the Irish people
to avoid every violation of the law, as it is their commission of
outrage that can alone afford a pretext for laws designed to sub-
vert their liberties, and endanger their lives.

Resolved—That we call upon the people forthwith to pre-
pare and forward from their respective counties, cities, towns,
and parishes, throughout the entire country petitions to Parlia-
ment, demanding the abandonment of the threatened measures
of coercion.

Mr. BARRETT-The situation of Ireland is not such as
to warrant the demand of increased posters. There is no
case made out for the exercise of extraordinary force. I
do not mean to say that there is no crime, no insubordina
tion, no discont, nt in Ireland—there are all these. Crime
and discontent in Ireland have always existed coeval with
tnisgoverum.nt.—(Cheering.) The Whigs have greatly
exaggerated the emergency. There is not a man who
knows anything of the country who does not know this.
I am willing to hope the Whigs act from misinformation.
What force do these Whigs want which they do not al-
ready possess, or which they have not actually exercised ?
The prisons are full—the crown did not fail in a prosecu-
tion but one, that at Kilkenny, and on that occasion, it is
well known the persons tried were not participators in the
murder. The police and military were not discomfited
but once, at Carrickshock ; on every other occasion if
slaughter was rigour, and rigour tranquillity, the country
had the full benefit of it. I protest solemnly against the
project of the Whigs. The insubordination is exagge-
rated ; and what exists, proceeds from old misgovern-
ment, the excitment of the elections, and exasperations of
the Whig tithe war. I solemnly protest against the
assumption of unconstitutional power demanded. Every
one who executes force under such a state of things is a
criminal—every victim is a martyr.—(Cheers.) I pro-
claim from this room—that should such powers be given
or exercised--life or property, nay, the very connexion with
England itself, which I wish to preserve, will not be worth
one year's purchase.—(Great cheering.)
We are obliged to postpone the speech of Mr. Gibson,
and the remainder of the proceedings till our next.
The following gentlemen were admitted members of the
Volunteers, on the motion of Mr. E. Power :—Patrick
Kirwan, Thurles ; Thomas Burke, Edmund Butler, and
Edmund O'Mara, Caher.

In our list of the majority against Mr. HUME'S
motion on the naval and military sinecures, Mr. ROBERT
PALMKR'S name was inserted by :mistake; he was not
present at the division.
EXPEDITION IN SEARCH OF CAPTAIN
Ross.—The expedition in search of Captain Ross sailed
on Sunday, in the Hibernia, Captain MAXWELL, for New
York. Captain BACK, the Commander, arrived in Liver-
pool, on Thursday. The talent, resolution, perseverance,
and unequalled powers of endurance which he exhibited
in Ciptain FRANKLIN'S first expedition, together with his
accurate knowledge of the arctic regions of America, qua-
lify him beyond any other man for the enterprise on which
he is about to enter. Whatever may be the result so fir
as the primary object of Captain BACK'S expedition is
concerned, it cannot fail to extend the boundaries of geo-
graphical science, and to tedd many new and interesting
facts connected with natural history, geology, botany, at d
magnetism, to the valuable contributions already furnished
to those sciences by the enlightened and intrepid travellirs
whose discoveries have reflected so much honour on them-
selves and on the country that sent them forth.
Early on the morning of the 13th inst., a
small wheat stack, at Hethersett, Norfolk, the produce of
four acres and a half, the property of JEHOSAPHAT
POSTLE, Esq., of Colney, was destroyed by fire, the work
of an incendiary. Mr. POSTLE had his premises at Colney
destroyed by fire last year, and has had insurance boar s
banging on his stacks within view of the read, ever since
harvest,—. Cambridge Chronicle.

We hear that the stay of the Prince of Orange here
will probably continue till the beginning of next month,
Yesterday a detachment of Grenadiers and Yai;eret
marched from this town to join the army.
HA ERLEM, FEB. B.—The slight hope which for some
time was entertained, that the differences with Belg,utn
would take a more satisfactory turn, is not realised, and it
is affirmed that the last known note on the part of gng-,
land insists on proposals which have already b►en
swered on the part of the Netherlands, so that bilt little
progress has been made. It eeems that the consequence
that may result from a new refu.al are much dwelt upon,
and that it is wished to make the Netherlands responsible
for 'hem.

Oa Saturday great purchases of Dutch Stock were
made for English account. To-day there was, also, much
Business done. Large sales of Two and a Half per Cents.
were made at 44k, and the Five per Ceuts. were much in
request; hut as there were many sellers, they did not sell
above 831 83a.
DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, FEB. 19.
Actual Debt, 214 per cent 4114 to 43Q.
Amort Syndic, 414 per cent... 7574 to 76a4
Ditto, ditto, 314 per cent 59 to 59Y4
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 99,4 to DIN,
Ditto, ditto, 183'2, 5 per cent 8314 to 84
Ditto, ditto, 1833, 5 per cent B3 to 83%
Exchange on London
Ditto, two months ll 87g •

Two YEARS AND A HALF IN THE ANIE4
RICAN NAVY.—" The readers of this work may expect,
first, a very full account of the di•cipline and habits of the
United States' navy. It will be seen that the difference
between an American and an English ship is marvellerisly
small—in fact, that the imitation is all but perfect.
Nex•, he will get a Yankee's notions on larding in Eng-
wirh which he is rapturously pleased ; and again, an
account of the impressions made on him—in France, at
Havre, and Marseilles—in Spain, at Gibraltar, Cadie,
Barcelona—in Italy, at Naples, and other ports--,iri
Africa, at Algiers, where the Constellation was when the'
French expedition arrived—in Asia, at Smyrna; in shorts
the Mediterranean is pretty sedulously visited, and the
Arntricans in all resvets may be seen to conduct them-
selves as a power having much business to he where they
please. " Jt ectator.
THE CHANCELLOR IN a WATCH-HOUSE.
—Among the many incidents which occur in my reminis-
cences of BROUGHAM in those halcyon days, I may men-
tion one. A party of us had supped at the rooms of a
Dr. "'Amor, the brother of the circumnavigator After
supper, as we were crossing the South Bridge, we chanced
to be witnesses of a very disgraceful scene—a mob of idle
scoundrels (mist of them bakers) beating an unfortunate
woman with a brutal ferocity. It was impossible to stand
by and not make some attempt towards her deliverance.
The tumult, in place of ab sting by our interference, grof
frightful. All the watchmen within hail were about our
ears in an instant, and, in return for our chivalry, lodgeri
us all fast in the watchhcuse. The Chancellor probably
never found himself in a position less congenial to his taste
and habits ; hut, even here, a mind so avaricious of know-
ledge was not to be unemployed. Among our associates
in this vile prison, which was filled with the refuse of both
sexes, an old soldier sat cowering over the embers of a lilt
that " taught light to counterfeit a gloom." He had earn-
.o PI iened it in the American war ; and with this hero our
embryo candidate for the Woolsack picked up an acquaint-
ance, and continued during the whole space of our dur-
ance, extracting all he could on the favourite theme of his
inertial exploits. The names of the several officers under
whom he served, the amount of the forces opposed to each
other in particular engagements, the scenes of battles,
position of the combatants, skill of the manoeuvres, ad-
vantages, reverses, in short, every thing that was likely or
nut likely to come within the veteran's ken, was asked anti
responded to. So passed our night, until it pleased Au-
rora to leave her saffron couch, when, through Baouc HAM'S
interference, we were set at large by a sort of general gaol
delivery, by an order from the police Magistraie, on the
condition that, if required, we should be ready to make
our appearance at the Sessions—a condition which, as
we had been guilty of neither blood nor battery, wes not
likely very seriously to damp the joy of our liberation.--
Sir Brooke Faulkner's Visit to Germany.

r•
A MADMAN'S FROLlC.—iutss KELLY, ill
her " Dramatic Recollections," relates with great effect a
story that Mrs. MATTOCKS, the actress, told her. She
went to Bedlam with some friends, and the keeper, point-
ing to one cell which they had seen, said, " Here's one in
here who is perfectly quiet so long as you don't contradict
him—mind, I say if you don't contradict him." Accor-
dingly they entered the cell, and saw a pale-faced melan-
choly man, with dark eyes, which bad a penetratin4 bright-
ness peculiar to madmen. He was in deep thought as they
entered. The party having satisfied their curiosity, were
about retiring, " when (said Mrs. MATTOCKS) he seized
me by the wrist, shutting the door, and placing his back
against it, held me in his firm grasp. Well, young wo-
man (said be), you're in a comical situation here, shut in
with a madman.' 1 said, ' Sir ?" But you needn't be
alarmed—you are perfectly safe ; they told you I was
harmless, didn't they ? You needn't answer. Are you
fond of drawing ?-1 know you are. What is this?' he
concluded, holding up a paper. 'A ship,' said I. A
ship is it ?—you call my tree a ship, do you?' Yes,
ves,' said I, it is a ship.' Oh ; and pray what is this?'
Obliged to say something, and not knowing what lie
mought it was, I answered, ' A house,' which it was.
A house, eh ! So you call my coach and four a house, do
you?' So saying, he pulled a clasp knife from his pocket,
and, opening it with his teeth, at the same moment
swinging me round the cell with his huge arm, said,
Now, is it a house or not?" It is, it is.' Then I'll
tell you what it is then—this is a dolphin.' Then, bold-
ing the knife, and gnashing his teeth, said, ' Can you
tell what this is, and no mistake?' A knife,' I an-
swered. Right, for once,' siid he ; 'and can you tell
me what I shall do with it ?' I trembled, and shook my
head in silent negative. I'll tell you what I shall do with
it ; I shall scrape my charcoal.' "
Russian Military Orders are of little value
in the eyes of foreigners, on account of their number, yet
eagerly sought after by the natives, as on them all
cansi-
deration hinges. A colloquy which took place between a
Tuck and a Russian officer on this subject is curious—
showing a decided difference of opinion. " What is this ?"
said the Turk, pointing to one of three crosses dangling
from the other's Beck. " The cross of St. Anne," replied
the Russian with pride, given me by the Emperor for
my services." " Wonderful !" exclaimed the Turk ; then
producing a handsome snuff-box,--" The Sultan gave me
this for my services, is it not better? What is this?"
said he, touching the second cross. " St. Vladimir,"
replied the Russian, rather hurt at the comparison made
by his interlocutor, " also given me by the Emperor for
my services." " Wonderful !" again exclaimed the Turk;
and this," showing a richly-emblazoned Koran, " was
also given me by the Sultan on another occasion when I
pleased him ; is it not better? What is this?" he con-
cluded, pointing to the third cross. "Ah !" cried the
Russian, with a lock of triumph, " this is the nw-t pre-
cious token of my Sovereign's regard ; this is the cross of
St. George, only bestowed for courageous actions; to gain
it nearly cost me my life." " God is great," said the
astonishedi,, 11 ussulman
out."Yo:
purse areuee of
gold,lysatBfi, :d-
Be-
bodi he added,l drawing the
Sul-
tan gave me this as a reward for my services against you
the Sultan knows better how to
on such a day. Friend,
key (a very entertaining book).
creucrorizteanmseomnesrtitththeaßnuy:ivarnsE.Lpseriaord.e.s
TTrobti:,
isstioir?
Twurts.
