t~lC7•t7 L, G-0

... . .
Feb, 24, ta:S.
Tr:lE COMMISS'IONEt7.Sf6r FICTUdLI,I,AG
111. c tlfAyEsT Y' 1 IV/IP 1 . (ft, hereby give Notic,' li..:;•:t
ay Thursday, the .31 of March, they 4vl/1 be' 1.-ra:6, ho, ,!relic
tenders, in yt.riting ( wale,/ !I), altd frets! )p. 'Five ti, ,u,.,./
41/s of CANV AS ice. L'IJ I.IIIING.BAGS, to be ants4.es.tb;e to
samples to 14... produced with the Traders : is be de/btif,ed in (tvr
Monti) 11114 the Pitirtairling .lures at A ptricrti ; awl It., be rai,ij,..y
by 1"/11t ' payaldt1 %vizi, Interest, ninety tl,..!yi, after date.
/11,4

The Conditions of the Contra ti may be seen at tbe
Office.
, 14TH reg4rd will Le bad to any Tender in wbieh the Price :ball/
not he insetted in words a, htigth, or that sitali not be,e4-ilv< fre,!,. to
the Boded .bellre One o'Clt,ck. 'tbo said Titur:dat., t6e 31
of Attecb, nor unless tie Person who ,matts. the , or 4otste
Petrol on bis bebalf, attends, to answer wbcn called lin

PICrUJILLING

r

Feb. 26, 0.1.08.
COMMISSIONERSjor VICTUA L.L.II.VG
1118 421 eljj.fSTl": 'N,SIIIY do . he, thy glv N.4,4‘
• 4,..bstana7tig Advertises'seta
,dried ripe 23a:io ?r.), 7'„je
1P:•1ne541.141,, the 9th ti ch ?bey reeepve-ren 411", "
and treat °HI), ONL HUN DIA 14 'IIIOUSAND
Lt`NS „Vil ES:l' INDIA M. to he deliverei, dog. Pee,
fro. ,t the (hogs/s, at the l'ort J 1 1:v.4.41i one e... 41
thereof is the co:tye of a Month, aid the iema:nder in a Mash,
afterwardr, into Hir filtiesty's Stott at Oeptiod
atni -to be p.did jor 6)y hills, payable, 74:th interest, hinety do)!
after date.

The Conditiqns !!..e Cantrag, irs whic.h 4;?tne veto ref,,,,d,0.
floor ha;ve teen
•Mtrcduced, tray be seen at tke Serzttafry's
Office.
• N. 8.. No re:dertall de aritnitte.ifor a h"J it quantity th.. 4,1 Ten
Th..atta.n.l atilorti
• N. 9 re and Ge'bad to 41,0 Ten.ier.iP! i,liru :be 14,ice 1.6,11
,not be inserted in voltdt at lengti,,, or 1.. a( rbail )31 6e ae.77...,ed
to rb.: Avail' before Ont b'el,ek 0., Ike Tait'
0/ Maicb next, ttor 4rtiers the I:lert.9o
r ot some Perion on bit ,
•iatends, .Inszeet, •tv.6eir
called
•

THE LAST NEW PUBLICATIONS.
THE BOOKSELLERS throughout Great 136-
tain and I rfland arc respez.lfally in/bribed, ilaa the
under-mentioned Works have been published within •these
rov Days. ,- .
t. Capper's Topographical Dialonaty, or Gaietteer of the
United Kingdom, with 46 Maps! isoarls, 25i. •
2. the s3lne,Wo(l;, with the Plates coloured, board,;,, 3os.
3. A Complete Atlas of the United Kingdom, being the
Plates to the above Work, sold separately, half-bound, :as.
4. Roline)roke's Voyage to the Oemerary, and the other
•
Rivera of Guyana, 4to. boards. 2,”.
5. Wilson's
,Biographical and L' Index to the !louse
of Common cotretted to February laoardes, tas. bound
in re.d 6d%
6. Captain Asltt's Travels in. the, Back Settlements of '
North America in tBo6, 3 vols. boards, T. J..
7. Holland's View of thed.,Agrieulture and Present State
of Cheshire„boards, tos.
8. ltobertson's View orthe Agriculture, Fisheries, and
Present State of Inverness-shire, boards, to.
(-4). 0 xoniana, or Apecdotes of Oxford, its Colleges, Learn.
ed Men, dc. 4 vols. boards, ars.
to. 0 wenson's Patriotic Sketches, written in Connaught,
vols..ios. • .
it. Modern, Recent, and Contemporary Voyages and
Travels, Vol. VI. boards, I is. ' •
12. The C.abiiwt of Fuglith Poetry, containing all the hest
entire Pieces of Poetry, to be found in the Works'•of the Uri-
tish Parts. elegantly printed in post. Svc,. with Portraits, by
Caroline Watson, 6 vols hoards, 485
. .13. Practical Grammar of tht English Language,
on the improve.o. plan of Goldsmith's Grammar of Geo.
.graphy, as. • . ,
t 4. Joyce's Pratlical Arithmetic, adapted to the present
sttue of Trade.and B9siness, •

15. Gregory's I.e6lures on Natural and Experimental Phi.
losophy, with IIUITICrOUS Piatt:S, 2 vols. 10.
N.B. The tour last will.be ready e.t.ly in MArch.
13ridgc,:street, Fob.

This llay. was published,
-In o Pocket Vulurnc, , price as.
ACATALOGITE of 'MODERN LAW BOOKS,
with their Datts and Prices, and Obserimtiinis trout
the best Authorities on the difnrent Worits ; Sup.
plernent to eibliotheea Legtnn Angliw, containing
logue of Law Pithlications, trans Hilary Term, -17”, to
chatilinas Tenn, 1807 ; including 3 new and i:ompiete List of
all. the Reports ; together with a List of Scotch Law Pali.
Cations.

Compiled by JOI4N CLARK!;.
Sir William !ones said, he had the Law Catalogue to mutt
at breakfist, as 1-st• that means he became acquainted with •
many Law Books he otherwise never should have
tondiat: Printed for W. Clarke and Sons, Law hook.
sellers, Poilttgal-stret• Lineoln's.lon ; who have always
on sale a large colledion of New and Second-hand Law
Books. ,

*.* Libraries and parcels of Books purchased.
The above Catalogue will. be found to contain a summary
ot'tke various Editions of ever), ITlOCieril Law Work pnblished
during the last twenty years, by which means the Student
will be enabled-to make a Selection of the most useful and
approved Works on the particular Branches -of the Lay; to
which he is devoted•

THR REV. MR. BARCLAY's PATENT ANTIBILI.
(MS
T was a remark of the celebrated Dr. Buchan,l Author of the 'Domestic Medicine. tliat complaints of
the. Stomach and Bowels are the prevailing Malady- of this
Country, which lay-thelOuntiation of the more formidable
and fatal DiStases; that the person who could discover frr
tile relief 'and cure a safe and infallible remedy would per.
riim a most 'important service to society. T hit discovery
has new been made in the Baton A iitibilious Pills vis-the
Rev. William Barclay, the exteq.ive sale of w`nieli, and
the high estimation in which they are desetvedly lieltl, Las
considerably lessened the number of these complaints; ;:nd
'bids fair, iu a short' time, to be the means of entirely etiali•
eating them. These Pills have a quick and safe operation.
they act powerfully and specifically on
,the Bile, %and dins
lemove. the numerous disornerS connected with it.
Hedd-Aches, Flatulence, Livtr Complaints, huiriclice,
:VOUS .Disorders from Indigestion, sec;, fney .11.1 ti,.•
valuable ;tinily Medicine hitherto otr.:red to the
and the Proprietor is supported by the itto:,t lespectable
evidence of the first characters of the Nobility and (itiierh,
that they havenevei been administered to any person wishot4
.Rivith; certain and speedy relief, and in the end complzting
Cere.
This valuable Medicine, having been used 'with sin„,c,:s,
is te.cornmended by the following distinguished Vera. ,11.41.',V ;
The RiAht•HOn. Viscount Dillon.
The Lord Bishop of Bath and Welk.
Sir lohu Honeywood, Bart. P for Honiton„
sir Stephen Lushinwen, Hart. N 1.1), for Petlyn
Thomas Anson, Esq. M.P. lot Litchfield.
lames Amyatt, Esq. M.P. for tiouthaniptOn.
Nicholson Calvert, Esq. M.P. Ix Hertford ,
Edirmartl3oehni. Esq. New-street, Spring Gardens.
Thomas .H!",.-mtnersivy, Esq. Palk-M.ll,
t; . -NV ,-Dickes, Eq. Private Secretary to the 41.rehtt'ishop
of t'a:...tettntry.
Tile 1(c,4. Mr-. -Dintock, Librarian to. the Archbishop.
Foiet.tet, Esq, M. P..for Wealock: •
wholesale aril retail by ,M.r.'Butlet, N.):4.Cheapride;
retail by ''it lfiriiy, St-,itEirti.street.- t,lf Bond-stiezt
r:ir. Stratton, Leicester.lqirares Bacon and Co. 150, Ox.
tortl.atrw-; a.md by all raspei'..table:..Vetwiers Town acrd
Cctintry.
• •,•.•ia..11 tay •
A Cautiou„---Qhserve the rts:Tte of 11. if • tra. cl us en.
en the Stattep, w.ficn is i4flixiYl on the.outside wrap.
rof each, box ; all It ;.t statupen are a dartgerons
601011.
.
f U. at.tl los. pet box, I;Vir.,ll, amptc x.

• ..!
1,4 l'A LIAAIENI

rni;s!: pi? PEERS,

PEB. 27.
`T;,, t.otc, the Duke of MON t.
-
! 4 tIAM, tWilq:l* robed, took
the front 01 the throne,
; icrS, and the Commons
t y ,t oval assent was given by
usual to: An, to the Malt and Pen-
3qty tile 11,ink Lo,in, the Unclaimed
l i i ls, tlu Exchequer Bills Regulation, the
Intercourse, anifthe Curates' Bills; toge-
tno-r with two private Bills.
no lo) and a' half Millions Exchequer Bills Bill,
rind ttto Bib for AbOlishing tbe Office of Receiver 'of
tin Petty C,ritorns of`the Ports of London, were
time, and ordered to be,,committed.on,
illy. • •
Lill for better regulating'the Office ofTrea-
snr,r of the. Navy, and the,Brazil Trade Bill,' went
ti,y Ault Committees, and were ordered to be re-
'por...'e'd on Mondriy.--Adjournedi

HOUSE OP COAMIONS.
SATI.I).E.DAY, Fell. 27.
On the Speaker's return to the Hour, the De-
,eivr% of; the Crown Intended to amend the
• I.t,:turns ior the Boroughs of. Saltash and Horsham.
.111 the return for the comet.- the names of Matthew
I.4:sq. anti John Pe'diey, Esq. were inserted
place of those of W.H., Yreemanthi, Esq. and
'.i`ltt,to:t Franck Freernantle, Esq. and in the latter
t.: nntnes 'of Joseph Marryatt mid Henry,Goul-
Esqrs. ingte:al of those of Sir Samuel Ro-
il tifly , attci Parry Tont..ts Parry, Esq.—Adjourned.

A.ualVt Dllbl .111.7 z Waterford. Du t—3 Gottertburgh,
utiblin, I Waterford..

PRICCOF STOCKS
'TMS DAY AT "TWV,I,Nr. O'CLOCK.
CC .11!;01S - 63 "i Rai. - 1.• 64 i

THE SUN.

a01..ti4 (.1,716 DICERZ ?ALSVM AUDEAT?

O N 0 N ,

MONDAY, ITIMUARY 2.9, 1808.

WE under:J:lnd that GOvernment have received
Dispatches from Sir RICITATOY STRACHAN, which
state, that , the gallant Admiral, supposing that the
of the Cornmaoder of the _Rochefort citia-
dron v.ras.Ao get into' thel Mediterranean, had bent
hi, course thither, and Letters have reached town
mortling.from Plymouth, which state that the
ehefort S:vtadron had atlually got into Toulon.

TT i generilly understood that Government are
tri:titog preparittions for giving- ellealunl tisoistiince
to Sweikm„ inutile event of an attempt to invade
o'm King(ronl: It is not yet known, and if it were
it Wool 1 1))t b propiq. to state, what number of
tri?opi will ,4it to '3,,vect.ln j but it i 3 probable
thin the Vorei„u troopi in our pity. will be principal 7
ly e.rli loyed in that hervice.

"Ilte accounts from Gottenburgh,.of the gallant
determination of Sweden to resist. the unprincipled
pg;resqion of Russia and France, have 'called forth
the patriotic whining of the Opposition Papers, They
alre;tily lament, in' the most feeling Manlier, that
oar example and encouragement (for, unless they'
could criminate their Country, the Scribblers, of Op-
position wO;11..1 think their pains ill !empinyed,)
s'“».ild induce the Swedes to enter into a hopeless
struzgle, and thus exasperate the Enemies whom
she might render propitious to Tier cause by timely
and uneonditipnal sObmisSion ! .
Thus it is that, at eveiy, Period of the -War, hire-
nt.',,s and traitors, in nil the Countries which hr&e
fil:en under the iron sway of ,France,
~ previously laboured to alienate "or babdtle the
k of the Nople,. and facllitate the trittruidts of
(L• ! ‘,Vll:.,rever fluip.:ArAltTP, ha's led his

;

,;11,.try h0r11,.:3, he h 33 foond his
ntid -his success more than half
of his designi, or panic
of 1, , stir 'cited, *and peifidi-
, .
:rnmititral wreteht..lB Whom in-.
Appoislted vanity had con-
.
,
loa..,:oonaries or tyranny and par-
, 1,, 11ie c 1 k.ither of the world.
1 ,veii in ihe days'of ROW,: asp' r.Hram, while tor,
teii:s cif inn,..icent blood were flowing in every part
or Francp, -iimoking ruins encumbering its
s detcqable hypocrites, with cha-
, ;it), in tile mollths, bin toorilt.r in their hearts,
chitlittinl,..,„; the liappittess of Me vine-covered
end gum)! v(ztlies of that devoted and :guilty
arty re;:ommendiug its example to the rcst
.\ of now thdt its ferociotts Despot,
y;crifief.! of tuilli,)tvi of human beings, and
yet more by the bagenc:,i; of which we have spoken,
has sobjectc,l the whole Continent of -.k;arope, with
t Swed,,;:ii, to tile most galling slavery,
foe $;31,n0 parr

I io iiebuit tvo parari
;,,wi Li .11., lic4; 4UlClil 1.11135.
t It' efforti, atid by .s.lates of the
;..,I. ()tiler diicotliap.,ing arid is6tiirlious,Pilb.,
tt , C.,,it'tll:lo.llll)g p,ll.iy 411 rerhaihing resiht.

111—: t,, v.A. of the Iyemit, ~111(1
of UK:, Uoiver:,o!

complete the

send
we

an army

rejoice to

Happily, however, those Vipers, ho were te-
ceivtd into the hostiin or the last Administration,
and suffered to instil their venom into all their minds,

have been flung out with contempt by the present,
and cha'sed. back to• their for Mer obscurity.. This

•
has imbittered their hatred to th6r Country, at the

same time that it has rendered it less dangerous;

and it shalt be our care, by exposing their designs
from time to time, to lessen the hale evil which
•
they are yet capable of producing.
There is no instance in the history of mankind,
from the days of ancient Tyre to the present, in which
maritime power has not evinced a mott deCisive su-
periority over every other. That little State, which
probably never exceeded in dimensions those of the
city of London, baffled for years the innuptetable
armies ,of the two greatest. Conquerors which the

old world ever saw. Athens was yet more fortu-
nate; and if Carthage yielded to llome, it was be-
cause nature denied her the means of repairing her.
fleets with a facility equal to that of, her Enemy.
Northern Africa, destitute of timber along a vast

extent of coast, is ill calculated for maritime exer-

tions, and can never long contend against the su-

perior naval advantages of Europe. But there ifi
fortunately no occasion to have recourse to antiquity
for proofs of our assertion, since the alual situation
of Great Britain supplies a praaical demonstration
of the fact. In defiance of all the rage, and all the
power of BUONAPAItn, the superiority which the
bravery and skill of our seamen have established is
becoming every hour more apparent and more for.
midable. Six months have scarcely elapsed since
the madness of the tyrant compelled us to turn that
force ' which had hitherto been directed against the
arms of the Enemy, against the extensive commerce
which they had been so long and so unwisely per-
mitted to enjoy :. and already has one cry of distress
pervaded the 'whele of the Continent ! And what
remedy does the Great Nation" and its numerous
dependencies propose, for this growing. evil ? Fleets
andartnies?, No ; but " sufferings, privations, vo-
luntary miseries of every.kind." Nor can the most
sanguine imagination suggest any others; for our
naval advantages must increase with time, and 'every
.hour add to our means of annoyance. : Armies .may
be disciplined as well'in' one spot as another and
cock-boats be Manned and rOwed on the mud Of
Boulogne, as, they were formerly on the sands of
Dyrachiom ; but Ships of War are no longer .ma-
naged by oars : and the seaman I.vho can not prac-
tice his manaauVres, on the oee.an, is hourly bccom.
ing less seieniille and Ich4 Peace alone can
enable France to check the progressWe degradation of
her navy, which filling all her ports with 'ships will
not effea ; and it is a sacred duty, of which we are
confident that the, preient Ministers •Will,.net lose
sight, to secure, on our side, wheneVer the period
of tranquillity shall arrive, advantages correspondent
o, the, mighty boon which we shall have it in our

power to bestow.
We have said enough to prove the impotence of
BUONAI'ARTE, as far as relates to the possibility of.
reducing our power7a possibility so impudently
dwelt on by the foreign and domestic enemies of Great
Britain; and we, flatter ourselves it will not be very
difficult to slew that Sweden, notwithstanding the
kind adjurations of the same considerate people to
submit unconditionally, and the. ,assurances 'that re-
sistance can only add to her chains, will yet be able,
with our assistance, to repel her foes, and maintain
at once her• independence and her honour.
The Opposition Writers, who, if no, in the confi-
dence of the enemy, always pretend to.be so, assure
us that a two-fold attack is to be made on that
country; that. Denmark is to invade Seania With a
6ocly of fifteen thousand men,, and Russia to fall on
Vinland at the same time, with an army which was
first stateil at 'fifty thousand men, but which it has
been since thought proper to reduce thout one thitd.
If there be any Power which not‘only the Swedes,
but•alt the Northern uatitins regard with coutempt
both as men'and as seldiers,it is certainly the Danes.
It is not unusual for our facetious neighbotirs to term,
kis "-a nation of Shopkeepers ;" while according to
the,present version of the Thuilleries, (With which
his Imperial. Majesty of All the hussies agrees). the
Danes are " a brave and honourable nation," inca-
pable, undoubtedly, of desbeuding :to the vulgarity
of commerce. l'he real truth, however, is, that
from the CtrowN .PRINCE to his, valet, from the
PrimeiVlinister (BaaNsTorr) to his porter', and so
oti throngh every gradation of-rank and fertune, the
whole of Denmark is engaged in trade : this is ptir-
sued with a sprit of avarice, rapacity, and meanness
which has, lung since brutified the nation, and xen-
dered it insensible to every generous feeling, Such
an enemy 41:i this .is not likely to prove e;tremely.
formidable.to Sweden ; and we are well convinced
that the landing of the whole Danish army in Swe;
den would create neither confusion nor terror in a
sitigle breast.,

But, say the Opposition Writers, France will

and honest Dant-." a most excellent opportunity of
contrasting I he liberality and humanity of their friends,
with the cruelty, tyranny, and oppression of their
enemies, and afford a most splendid triumph to the
patriotic maligners of their country in both Houses !

A question still remains, wlch, indeed, we
should have put before; j-loware the combined
army
,to get to Scania ? Unleis the Opposition in-
tend to improve on the motion of Lord SIDMOUTH,
and.vote for the immediate restitution of the Danish
Navy 5,
,we , apprehend that the Swedish Fleet is,
more than competent to confine the Danes to their
own harbours. With the assistance which we shall
speedily afford them, it seems likely that they will,
be competent to somewhat more.

jf we may trust the reports of 'Thursday !light,
Mr. SHERIDAN has discovered another mode of an-
noying our Ally : it is by an invasion fro rn Norway,
which, he assures us, had nearly proved successfulin
1790. But Sweden had then a set of traitors in her
'bosom—men Who persisted, with an obstinacy truly
diabolical, in exaggerating, and, in many cases, aid-
ing the advantages of the Enemy, and depressing
and betraying those of their Country. We believe
that nothing of this sort is likely to take place at
present. It.seetns also to have escaped Mr. SHERI-
DAN, while be was painfully treading that-mill-horse
round of stale wit, with which the Opposition Pa,
pers are so greatly delighted, that Norway is un-
equal to the support of an army. All the resources.
of the country would not maintain a force adequate
to an attack on Sweden for a. month ; and we see no
reasop to suppose
.that this latter country, with the
sea in her, power, will be much inclined 'to permit
the introdu6tion of supplies from. Zealand !
The attack of Rassia carries with it something
more formidable in appearanCe. . But even here the
Opposition Writers may indulge a short respite frOM
their- patriotic, fears for the gallant but rash,"
King of SWEDEN. For more than three months
Finland has been one consolidated mass of ice, into
which it is impossible for a trenching tool to perie-
irate it will remain •in thet state for at least two
Months longer; and, before the period of a general
thaw, we shall probably find time to remove their
apprehensions on the subjetis.

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY, Princesses So-
FRIA, AUGUSTA, and MARY, accompanied by Lady
GEORGINA BUCKLEY, Generals MANNERS and lifTz-;
AoY, went. to St. George'l Chapel, and heard a Ser-
mon preached by the Rev.'Mr. pHAMPNEY,from Ist.
Thessalonians, chap. V. verse 16, and afterwards re-
turned,to the Palace.
Os 'Saturday the Duke of Ironic went to Windsor,
and kid all interview with his MAJESTY till four
o'cleck.
We have received some more German Papers, the
confents'of which have, for the most part, been an-
tiCipated by the French Journals. It is confirmed
that a Russian. Squadron of fifteen sail has arrived at
.Trieste, with the Addition, that it has a number of
troops on, Ward.
Gk.sr6ttAt. WHITELOCKE'S TRIAL, 24T0
Thii day-Celonel PACK was examined, as was also
Colonel CADOGAN. Lieutenant-Colonel Cann was
then. called, and his evidence was proceeding whets
our Express left Chelsea.
A reinforcement of Troops is abbut to be sent to
Gibraltar ; and it is supposed that a portion of the
force originally intended for Sicily will stop at that
fortress. Unless fOr the purpose of ofrehslie opera-
tion*, the force at present at Sicily
,is considered
fully adequate to its' defence, the lecal advantagei.ot
the Island presenting almost 'insurmountable obsta-
cles to invasion.
Lord Howa is appointed Governor Of Plymouth,
in the room .the late Lord LAKE, 'and is WC•
ceeded in the Government of Berwick by General
TAR LEIGH.
Admiral Rowt.e. ,is appointed Cominander in
'Chief at 'Jamaica, in the room of Admiral I/Wats ;
and Admiral CAMPBULL is appointed 'Coininander
in Chief in the Downs, in the rodM of. Aaniral
Rowt-ix.
The. French are endeavouring to make an im-
provetnent in the art of gunnery, by effecting a disc
charge of cannon by means of electricity, without
exposing the gunners to the enemy's. fire. An 'ex-
• eriment was lately made by M.'Boucnz, in the
Jardin des Plantes, at Paris, to try the effect of
eleetricity. applied to gun-batteries. Instead of guns,
he fired' too rockets on larga sticks in,thezarden ;
'the rockets were all connected by an iron wire, and
one spark caused them all tivexplOde at the same
instant. • . ,

A Society has been. formed in Denmark for im-
proving and extending the art of Swimming.
A. plan has been submitted to Government for the
extensive culture of cotton, tobaccnand rice, at Go-
ree and Sierra Leone. The soil and climate are in
the highest degree tavotirable to the. experiment.
Yesterday afternoon the Cattle, Sheep, and Pigs,
intended to be exhibited in claim pf Lord Somea.
iirr.r.E's Prizes, began to arrive at SADl.Ett's
tory, m GoWell-street, and at dusk the following
sent in Catty, viz.—The Duke of BEIniORD, two
Hereford and two Devon oxen, and ten South Down
sheep—Lord SomEavit.r.P., four Devlin oxen, and
five Angle-MerinO sheep—Sir T. 130Wi,ES., seven
Leicester sheep—Sir T. Carta, nine south Down
rams, and twentp,seven sheep-,-Sir H. T, VANE,
one Scoteh ox---Mr.WESTCA rt, four Hereford oxen—
Mr. TRIMMER, two Sussex Oxen, Bre,' &c. &c.—
This morning the show of the above, land several
other cattle expelled,' commenced, agrictiltural im-
plements, seeds, Stc.,; and to-morrow his Lordship
gibes an elegant dinner to his Agrictiltural Friends
at Freemasons' Tavern after which he: will pub-
licly adiudge the prizes, agreeable to the report
of the judges appointed to examine the Cattle ex-
o Zealand to join the Danish forces.
hibited.
Ihe Invincible, pf 74 . guns, :a to be launched at
hear it, It will afibrd the, brave .:Woolwich, as scion as the spring-tides will admit.
