SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

MALTON CRAVEN MEETING (YonKsiilKE.)
THURSDAY, Arun. 9.—The Craven Stakes of 10 sous.
each. One mile and a quarter.
Mr. Gibbeson's Murphy. 3 yrs (G. Nelson) 1
Mr. Iticlsdale's Master Burke, 3 yrs
Colonel King's Betty Martin, 3 yrs 3
Mr. Armitage's Saladin, 6 yrs 4
Four paid.

The Barton Stakes of 25 soy& each, h. ft. Mile and a half.
Mr. Metre's Felt, by Langar (S. Templeinan) I
Mr. Wetherell's Lilly Low .. 2
Four not placed, and one paid.

The Welham Silver Cup value 50 sous. by a subscription
of five sovs. each, for maiden horses not thorough-bred.
Gentlemen riders. Two miles.
Mr. T. Sykes's All-Heart-and-no-Peel
'Mr. Davidson's Guardsman
Mr. M. Fonlis's Navarin
Two not placed, and five paid.

The Maiden Plate of 50 soya. for all ages that never won
that value in plate, match, or sweepstakes. Heats, one
mile and a half.
Mr. Hopkinson's The Captain, 3 yrs
Mr. Wright's Robin Redbreast, 3 yrs 2 2 2
Mr. Maison's Trampina, l yrs 1 3 3
Four drawn.

FRIDAY, APRlLlo.—Sweepstakes of 30 BOVd. each,

Half-a-mile.
Mr. Hebden's Barleycorn (Templcman) 1
Mr. Peirse's Tip, by Swiss 2
Lord Queensberry's eh. f. by Whisker 3
Three paid.
Sweepstakes of 20 soya. each. One mile.

Mr. Earn.shavr's Elastic (Templeman) 1
Mr. Itidsdale's Donation, by Borodino
Lord Milton's Marcella, by Whisker 3
One paid.

Match for 100 soy. h. ft. Two miles.—Mr. H. Cla.
ridge's Othello beat Mr. Foulis's Don Miguel.
The Members' Plate of 501. Heats, two miles.
Mr. Thompson's b. c. by Don Juan (Thompson) 1 1
Mr. Edwards's Et Cetera 0 2
Mr. Haywood's Sandoval 2 0
Three not placed, and six drawn.

HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.
APPOINTMENTS FOR THE PRESENT WEEK.

His Majesty's Stag-hounds, on Monday, at Uxbridge;
and Thursday, at Byfleet, near Weybridge—at half-past ten.
Sir John Cope's Hounds, on Wednesday, at Sandhurst-
street ; and Saturday, at Hawley-green—at ten.
The Marquis of Cleveland's Hounds, on Tuesday, at
Lythe Wood ; and Saturday, at Marwood—at eleven.
The Lambto❑ Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Brandon ;
Thursday, at Gibside ; and Saturday, at Hesseleton—
at ten.

A violent storm of hail passed over this town
on Tuesday morning. It fell in such torrents, and was of
so large a size, as to injure considerably the small trees,
and to break several windows in different parts of the
town.—Hampshire Advertiser.

LITERATURE.

AMERICAN QUARTERLY REVIEW.

The literature of America, like every thing else
belonging to it, like its commerce, its navy, its cities,
its agriculture, and its population, is pressing on with
most extraordinary rapidity in the career of improve-
ment. Already the United States can boast their
authors, whom even Europe delights to recognise;
they have their novelists and their poets, their
moralists, essay writers, and sound practical divines,
their Channing—an elegant moralist, and sound philo-
sophical:critic, whose remarks on Milton and on Napo-
leon rank among the choicest effusions of modern intel-
lect—their Irving, the Corypheeus of lively and classi-
cal essayists—their Paulden, a vigorous satirist, and,
above all, their Cooper, a writer whose delightful fic-
tions, replete with character, incident, and description,
breathing life and nature, are inferior only to the
inimitable romances of Sir Walter Scott. In the
style and conduct of periodicals, however, the Ame-
ricans have yet much to learn. In this respect,
their authors are rather behind hand; they want
variety, tact, condensation. The Journal before us,
which is, we understand, the leading Review in
North America, has considerable promise about it,
much information, much grace of writing, but is
deficient in spirit and versatility. It seems to be the
production rather of one mind than of a dozen—
a great defect, and one which cannot be too
soon remedied. The best article in the number,
whether we regard its manner or its matter, is de-
cidedly the Review of It ving's Chronicle of the
Conquest of Granada. The author is here evidently
discussing a subject with the details of which he is
perfectly familiar; his knowledge is easy, uncon-
strained, and he pours it forth with the conscious
pride and unembarrassed facility of a master.
Where the Chronicler is at fault he corrects him ;
where he is mysterious, he simplifies him ; where
he is meagre or threadbare, he amplifies and en-
riches his matter. " History" is an article
of an ambitious and presuming character. The
hint :of it seems taken from one of a splendid
series of historical sketches, that have appeared from
time to time in the later numbers of the Edinburgh
Review, but is sadly inferior to its eloquent origi-
nals. The observations are too general and desul-
tory ; a meagre thought is spun almost to an infi-
nite extent—enveloped in words—oppressed with
imagery—so that in fact it is next to impossible to
make either head or tail of it. The author's views
of history, and the way it should be written, are
not sufficiently defined ; he has some vague notions
on the subject, but knows not how to give them
utterance. " The Greek Revolution" is an inte-
resting abstract of what has lately taken place in
the Morea. As far as our own reading serves
us, it is faithful and true to fact, though the matter
is somewhat stale and hacknied. " Darby's Views of
the United States" is a very full and impartial
statement of the prospects of Ainerica, as regard
her commercial, her literary, and her agricultural
speculations. The natural history of her soil is,
in particular, given in a most animated manner.
Of the mariners, customs, &c. of the Yankees, we
have the following account—an account rendered
doubly interesting and curious, by the circum-
stance of its being penned by an avowed American :

" The manners of the people of the United States are not
generally refined, but are very generally civil. The por-
tion living in cities, and who travel and enjoy social in-
tercourse, are polished and courteous. The body of our
farmers and people of the interior, are indeed rough in
their manners, though not boorish; they have all the
friendly, benevolent, and hospitable feelings ; they are in-
dependent in their approaches and address to strangers;
they serve 'you for the pleasure it affords themselves, not
from the idea of gain ; they every where respect and
favour the female character.

" This people, new and mongrel as they have been
called, are really the most homogeneous on earth ; they all
speak the English language, and almost without any dia-
lect: they have the same political rights; the same feel-
ings ; the same moral sentiments, and the same pretensions,
throughout the whole extent of our country ;—they adopt
the same manners ; wear the same fashions ; dance the
same figures; introduce the same style of equipage, furni-
ture, and architecture; and pursue the same routine of
social amusements, from the large Atlantic cities to the
Ultima Thule of our frontier settlements. Unlike the pea-
sants or cultivators of Europe, ours are not wrapped up in
self, and coldly suspicious of all strangers ; nor have they
any fixed costume which denotes that they have no hopes
ultra; that thus they vegetate throughout all generations,
without those aspirations of ambition and pride which
would advance their state and exalt their nature; here all
are aspiring and all are advancing.
" The great deformity upon our land is slavery. This
state of things was imposed upon us by our ancestors !
and owing to the extent of new country, and the variety of
rich and valuable staples which we have been cultivating,
of a laborious and profitable character, we have not only
tolerated, but have so cherished the slave population, that
its increase is almost as great as that of the free. It
amounted to one and a half million at the census of 1820.
Most unfortunately in our case, slavery is inseparably its_
sociated with colour, and so well defined is the line of dis-
tinction, and so unalterably fixed is the badge of disgrace,
that but few sympathies exist between the blacks and their
masters : unlike the freedmen of Rome and the vassals of
Europe, who mixed in the mass, arid soon lost their cast
and badge, our African is the same degraded being, whe-
ther he be free or a slave. Without pride to lift him above
vice and meanness, and without education to invest him
with foresight or honour, he is doomed to perpetual
wretchedness and degradation. Occasional manumissions,
and colonization, are acknowledged by all who study the
question of our coloured-population, to be but slight pallia-
tives at the most. What then is the remedy ? We answer,
that from the nature of our staples, and the extent of our
country, and for the reasons given, slavery will exist long ;
but, like every thing else, will yield to time. The next
hundred years will perhaps wear it out ; for at the expira-
tion of that period, our enterprising freemen will crowd
every occupation, meet every division of labour, and press
upon the southern staple districts, whose profits then will
be reduced to such a degree, that the master will find it
for his interest to discharge his slaves, free himself from an
onerous responsibility, and farm out his lands to labourers
who will give him no trouble.
" We have conclusive proof that after the blacks do be-
come free, and the care of the master ceases to cherish
them, they dwindle away and decrease daily. This arises
from the habits of concubinage in which they live; from
the little care which they take of their families when they
chance to have any ; and from disease brought on by bad
habits, or from living without comforts, on unwholesome
food, in crowded hovels and confined places."
" The state of morality in this country is sounder than
in Europe, and we have less crime in proportion to popu-
lation. The Americans have less inducement to guilt, be-
cause subsistence is easily procured ; and all their wants
are within the reach of industry. Our vices are the result
of idleness, thoughtlessness, passion, and sudden impulse;
not of want, constitutional depravity, and political corrup-
tion. Having much time to spare, the common people drink,
become sots, gamble, quarrel, fight ; these are the pre-
vailing excesses. We have no privileged orders to render
fashionable the vices of seduction, boxing, and racing.
Convictions are relatively fewer than in England; they
average throughout the whole country about three hundred
annually to the million ; whilst in England they are nearly
seven hundred, and in Ireland eight hundred ; and, on a
careful analysis of those convictions, we find more than
half are of coloured people and foreigners. We may there-
, fore call drunkenness, gambling, fighting, leading to oc-
casional
or
x murders,
irregularagg a
prevailing vices; and the traits of
temper
conduct that we manifest oftenest, are
vanity,
and a disposition to overreach one
ee exaggeration,
ton our
another."

The very circumscribed nature of our limits prevents
us from entering, as we could wish, into the remain-
ing articles of the number; we must therefore con-
tent ourselves with stating, that if not very much
above, they are certainly not under the usual average
of periodical excellence,--with the single exception,
perhaps, of the last article, entitled " Memoirs of

Dr. Parr," in which the Doctor is looked up to
with an unreasonable degree of awe, amounting al.
most to idolatry. Such reverence from a republican
writer is not a little curious.
