TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,--I have perused with great pleasure and satisfaction
lately several letters upon Charges of Lunacy in your valuable
Paper, signed " Humanity." Allow me, Sir, through the
medium of your Paper, to tender my thanks to the writer, for
his public spirit in a matter which, indeed, required the most
serious and speedy attention of the Legislature. As an
individual myself who has been called to suffer, and in
a way I will not at present describe, I can sympathize with
those that are suffering now, and also feel a just indignation
against their mercenary oppressors. I may hereafter, when
leisure permits, supply some information with regard to the
treatment of individuals in tai Asylum (falsely so called) not
far from town, which, when viewed as it really exists there,
would cause every heart to feel, and every voice of the Le-
gislature to call, for immediate reformation. At the present
I am very happy:to,find that the subject has:been so ably noticed
in your Paper.
I am, Sir, your's obliged,
Brompton, Nov. 1, 1838.

T. H.

NEW SLAVERY in the WEST INDIES.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

By the information received yesterday from the West

Indies, it appears the negroes continue to conduct themselves
admirably, and are almost universally willing to work for
equitable wages most industriously ; but a large proportion of
the attorneys and managers are pursuing a reckless course,
perhaps in the hope of inducing the proprietors at home to
part with their estates under feelings of alarm at a lower rate.
The Jamaica Commissioners of Correspondence have, I under-
stand, sent a most untrue statement to the Government. I
have not seen a copy of this document, but I have seen a copy
of a letter, addressed by eight of the Missionaries in Jamaica
to Lord Glenelg, by the last packet, and it is right to let the
proprietors in this country know, that if they do not at once
discharge all those attorneys and overseers who continue to
oppress the nearoes, and deprive them of their just rights and
fair remuneration, they must expect their friends in Eng-
land and the West Indies to recommend them finally to leave
their estates, and seek employment with more considerate and
humane masters. The annexed extracts from some letters I
received yesterday will show part of the system they are pur-
suing, and it should be clearly understood that the fee simple
of all negro houses in Jamaica is not worth 101. each on an
average, and that their provision grounds have been brought
into cultivation by the negroes themselves in their own time.
Very respectfully,
• JOSEPH STURGE.
Birmingham, 11th month, Nov. 2, 1838.

Extract of a letter from a Missionary:—
Savannah La Mar, Sept. 8, 1838.
My dear Sir,—You are probably aware that the following
question has been submitted by the Governor to the Attorney-
General for his opinion
(Copy.)
King's House, Aug. 27, 1838.

( No. 844)

Sir,—.l am desired by the Governor to request you will
give your opinion for general publication. Ist. Whether, in
instances of notices to quit their houses and grounds, having
been served upon the late apprentices, they are liable to be
made to pay rent for the occupation of such houses or during
the three months allowed by law ?
( Opinion.)
They are.

( Signed) D. O'REILLY.
We shall soon see the evil effects of this opinion, it being
generally previously understood that the late apprenticed po-
pulation would not be liable for rent until the three months had
expired, after receiving notice to quit.
As a specimen of this being made an instrument of great
oppression in the hands of managers of estates, I would state
that two notices were yesterday brought to brother Hutchins
for his inspection ; one was served upon David Clarke, a la-
bourer, on King's Valley estate, in this parish. On the back
of the notice to quit was written as under :

" The rent of your house and grounds is twenty-one pounds
six shillings and eight pence, per annum, commencing Ist
August, 1838, if legal.
(Signed)

J. H. JONES.

Extract of a letter from a gentleman to J. M. Phillippo
Spanish Town, September, 1838.
My dear Phillippo,—l wanted to see you this evening be-
fore you quitted town, but I feel myself indisposed from fa-
tigue. Do give the present state of affairs your most serious
consideration. The result is to be either freedom or second
slavery. The people ought to meet and petition the Governor
to take the opinion of the law-officers of the Crown in England
against the Attorney-General's opinion, this day published in
the Dispatch, about houses and grounds paying for the three
months. They ought to petition the Queen to protect them
in their infant state of liberty against the representations of
the Commissioners of Correspondence who desire again to
rivet the fetters of. slavery There is no law to prevent
free men petitioning the Executive and the Sovereign for the
protection of their rights, and this stir got up by the Destruc-
tives will and must soon be conquered. Instead of the new
freemen requiring laws to restrain the exercise of the freedom
they have obtained, there are tighter laws required to restrain
the tyrant in his reckless and oppressive career. Do think
over these matters, and if you agree with me, the same packet
~hat takes home the one ought Yours and very truly,

To Rev. J. M. Phillippo.
The following are literal copies of accounts I have now •
n
my possession, and which I can produce, on demand
Charles Duncan to John Dixon, Dr,
1838. Sept. 15. To rent of house and ground,
from Ist August, to date, 6g. Bd. per week ...... £2 3 91.
Cr. By balance, five days, ls. Bd. per day ..........
8 4

X 1 15 .51

Charles Brown, to John Dixon, Dr.
1838. Sept. 13. To rent of house and ground,
6s. Bd. per week, from Ist August to date..... .eg
- 1 10
Charge for running a sow and pigs, from Ist
August to date, 2s. 6(1. per week....... ..........

15 83:

John Alfred Bullock, to John Dixon, D 2 17 6
1838. Sept. 15. To rent of house and garden,
from Ist August, to date, 6s. Bd. per week...,,, 391
Rent of provision ground, ss. per week ........... . 112 6
Pasturage, two weeks, for an ass, Gs. Bd. per

month
Two hogs, ls. Bd. per week

3 4

1 1 10i
£5 1 61
3 4

Cr. By two days' labour, Is. 83. per day

£4 18 2-4

The courage displayed by private Benton of the
First Regiment of Foot Guards, in attacking and killing an
infuriated bullock in St. James's Park, by which, in all pro-
bability, he saved some human lives, has induced many gentle-
men in London to think of bestowing some reward. At the
Clarence Club a subscription for him has begun.
Ahmed Fethy Pasha, who was appointed by the
Sultan Ambassador Extraordinary, to attend her Majesty's
Coronation, but who was prevented by illness from arriving in
time for that august ceremony, has been appointed resident
Ambassador from his Ottoman Majesty to the Court of France.
On Thursday, a boat, the property of Messrs.
Ames, of Stourporp, struck against a shoal, and which, but
for
the exertion used, by throwing a boat between her and the
bridge, would have shared the same fate as the Invincible on
the previous day. The boat, which thus saved a cargo of from
10,0001. to 15,000/ in value, was entirely demolished.—
Shrewsbury Chronicle.
Private letters from Cracow convey to us the details
of the late horrible events in that devoted city. These letters
state that the unfortunate youth Lewicki, who succumbed in
consequence of the horrible punishment inflicted on him by the
" Protecting Powers," was innocent. He was passing near
to the place at the instant in which, as our readers already
know, a Russian spy was assailed by assassins. The wretched
man cried out repeatedly for "help" (for he did not fall until
pierced with twenty wounds). Lewicki, alarmed, fled preci-
pitately, and in consequence incurred suspicion, which occa-
sioned his being immediately arrested. Several respectable
persons, however, stated that they knew him to be a respectable
youth, a student and incapable of crime. He was accordingly
liberated; but he himself gave his name and address. During
the night the police arrested him. He was tied up and
scourged with sticks. After having received 80 blows he was
observed to become faint, and was taken down, when it was
discovered that his sufferings and contortions had produced
hernia. He died shortly after of inflammation arising from
that cause, protesting his innocence. The Protecting Powers
turned the circumstance to account, however. Two (Austrian)
battalions and 240 cavalry were marched into and occupied
" the free and independent city of Cracow."—Times.
