FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Morning Herald.)
We have received the Paris Papers of Wednesday and
the Messager des Chambres and Gazette de France of
yesterday. Their contents are interesting. The Moniteur
of Wednesday contains an article importing that Belgium
will be evacuated by all the French troops almost imme-
diately.
The cholera is found to be fatal at Berlin, although the
number attacked during the first five days was compara-
tively small. Baron Larrey, the celebrated surgeon, has
just published at Paris a pamphlet on this subject, in which
he speaks confidently of the power of skill and science over
the malady. He admits its contagions property, yet is
" persuaded" that France will escape the scourge.
The greatest anxiety prevailed at Paris respecting Po.
land, from whence no authentic accounts had been re-
ceived confirmatory or contradictory of the reported suc-
cesses of the Poles.

The insurgents in Hungary are not yet subdued. They
have, in some instances, disarmed the troops sent against
them, and murdered all the officers. In several districts
every Noble hail been a'siissinated.
FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, SEPT. 14.—Five per Cents., SSE 25c.
87f. 80c.; Three per Cents., 60f. 25c. 59f. 60c. ; Bank Actions,
1,540 f. ; Rente de Naples, 69f. 60c. ; Rente d'Espagne, 10 ; Royal
Spanish Loan, 64; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 47%. Exchange
on London, one month, paper, 25f. 10c. ; money, 25f. sc. ; three
months, paper, 25f.

BRUSSELS, SEPT. 13.

(PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.)

The Protocols have at length reached forty, and
as yet nothing is positively known respecting the
ultimate fate of Belgium, except by the contingent
facts of the Germanic Diet corning forward to take
possession, as it is said, of Luxemburg, which is to
be given to Prince Frederick, the second son of the
King of Holland; and of a thousand rumours which
are current on all sides, among which the strangest
will, no doubt, appear the determination of the
Belgians to wage battle with, rather than yield to,
Holland, on any of the disputed points.
The following is handed about in an unofficial
form, to which each attaches credit according to his
fancy :

" Sir Robert Adair received six days ago, from the
Belgain Government, a communication of the utmost inr
portance, relative to the demolition of fortresses, of which
nothing has as yet transpired. Sir R. Adair, it is said,
transmitted this document immediately to his Government.
It is us follows :

" The King of the Belgians being desirous to give a
new pledge of his wish to continue with France relations
of the strictest friendship, decrees as follows :
" Sole Article—The fortresses of Mons, Charleroi,
Ath, Tournay, snd Ypres, are to be demolished.
(Signed) " LEOPOLD.

(Countersigned) " 31EULENAERE: "
This document was communicated, according to
report, at the same time to General Belliard ; with
this difference, however—that it was more positive
in the form than that communicated to Sir R. Adair.

POLAND.

ADDRESS of the INHABITANTS of RHENISH BAVARIA
to the KING of BAVARIA in behalf of POLAND.

" It is some years since the children of the ancient
Hellenic stock rose up against the yoke of the Crescent,
and, despising superiority of forces and the danger of
being exterminated, they hoisted the standard of freedom
and commenced a deadly combat. Your Majesty was the
first of all the European Princes, who, honouring the sen-
timent ofliberty, even in the bosom of the people, deigned
to grant them generous succour, and by thus lending an
aid to the sympathy'nf nations provoked the intervention
of the great Powers, and gave the first impulse for in-
clining the balance in their favour.
" In our days again, a magnanimous nation has begun
a desperate combat to reconquer what is most precious to
humanity—liberty and equality. For many months the
earth has been steeped with the noble blood of the Poles,
shed to recover those rights from their oppressors, which
in 1815, Europe had assured to them, and the four greatest
Powers guaranteed,—rights which, in contempt of the
most solemn treaties, tyranny and despotism have dared to
wrest from them.

" From all parts the unanimous voice of n itions is
raised against the proceedings of the Czar. The belier
that with the ruin of Poland the hour of slavery is sounded
for the other states of Europe, as well as for their Princes,
is profoundly engraven upon all minds, and is justified
by the famous declaration of the autocrat, that he believ6l
himself called upon to re-establish every where the ancient
order of things. Princes will partake of the fate of their
people. We have still fresh in memory the disdainful lan-
guaze which of late time Russia has used towards 1. ss
powerful Princes whom she looked upon and treated as her
vassals.

" Hence this general sympathy of nations, which has
increased as it was menaced with hostility, and which
hitherto has confined itself to particular succours, and t,
personal sacrifices,—a sympathy, however, now exacting
a more active and powerful aid, and demanding that Sove-
reigns shall declare loudly that they have taken the firm
resolution to cause respect for the inviolability of treaties.
"That they shall pronounce firmly this great word of
safety,they have the assurance of their people, who wait with
impatience the signal of combatting in favour-of this tru y
sacred cause. The northern Colossus has now ceased to
be formidable ; a long time has elapsed since the dream of
the invincibility of her arms has vanished in the lands of
Bulgaria, and the hour has come whets the heroic struggle
of the Poles has unveiled all her weakness.

" What people besides are more worthy of our sympathy
and assistance than this noble nation of the Poles, which
a century and a half ago, under the great Sobieski, gene-
rously poured forth her blood to preserve us from the chains
of Alussulmans. Without her valour, witleput her devotion,
the yoke of the most hideous barbaria❑ would have been
imposed upon Europe : without her aid we should have
been the abject slaves of the Sultan. It is, then, to her—
it is to her courage that we all, people and princes, are in-
debted for what we are, and what we have : our arts, our
sciences, our civilization, our liberty, and our laws—all, all,
are the work of the Poles.

" And we are the tranquil spectators of the war of ex-
termination which savage hordes are this day making, who
after having succeeded in breaking down this barrier of
civilized Europe, will come to submit us also to the empire
of the knout. We wait in inaction until the scourge
which precedes and follows their pestilential steps shall
have brought its ravages to our own homes, and made our
cheerful plains one vast field of death.

" Sire,—Tlie ties of gratitude and our own actual pre-
servatio❑ proclaim imperiously active assistance for the
Poles, who have commenced a struggle, not fur the plea-
sure of revolt, but in consequence of the most revolting
violation of their rights by the most cruel oppression and
the most odious treatment.

" It is to your Majesty—to the constitutional King of
free Bavaria—that belongs now the honour of marching,
as you did before in favour of the Hellenists, at the head of
civilization. The great example you then gave will pro-
duce a similar effect now. The proud Sovereign of the
north will lend an ear to the words of justice pronounced
by a Prince, who, surrounded by the close phalanx of a
devoted people, sees himself also aided by the sympathy of
all nations who alike partake of our opinions and firm reso-
lution to perish, rather than bend to the yoke which the
northern despot prepares for us.
" Sire,—May our voice, the expression of the truest love
and the most profound re.pect,—may it nut, we say, perish
in the air, but be judged worthy of being listened to. May
this occasion of carrying to the highest point the glory of
Bavaria, and of acquiring for its sovereign the benedictions
of the universe, he turned to profit ; in fine, may the name
of your Majesty, celebrated in history like that of a Gusta-
vus Adolphus and
a Sobieski, be that of a day of glory and
of pride for Bavaria.
" It is in depositing very respectfully at the feet of the
throne of your Majesty these Wishes, and this firm Lope,
that we have the honour to be, Sire,

" Your Alajesty's humble subjects,
" THE INHABITANTS OF RHENISH
BAVARIA."

VISIT OF HER. MAJESTY THE QUEEN TO
THE SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.—The new Zoolo-
gical Gardens, established near Kennington, were yesterday
honoured with the presence of her MAJESTY, under whose
patronage they have had the good fortune to be placed.
Her MAJESTY arrived in the afternoon, attended by the
Duchess of SAxE WEIMAR, Prince GEORGE of CAM-
BRIDGE, Lord and Lady BROWNLOW, Lord VALLETORT,
and other persons of distinction. After remaining in the
grounds a considerable time, the Royal Party drove off
amidst the acclamations of the crowd assembled at the
outside.

It is said that the malt duty this year will
amount to five miltions. Last year it was only three and
a half tnill►ons. If this should turn out to be a fact, it
shover that the consumption of malt liquor has greatly in-
creased. It is stated that the gin trade is certainly falling
off.—Morning Paper.
