NEW M EASURF,s.

Mr. BROUGHANI wished to know which of the two new
Bills nroposed by his Majesty's Ministers would he read a se-
cond time on Thursday, and whether the Noble Lord (Castle-
reagh) would not consent to change the order of the day which
stood for nit day, and to remnve it to a further period ? The
question, whenever it came on, would involve the discussion
of the whole system of which the Bin formed a part: it was
decorous, therefore, to the country, that more than threw days'
notice should be given of a measure wb eh tended to produce
by far the most permanent alteration in its constitution that
had ever yet been effected by any act of the Legislature,—
(Hear.)
Lord CASTLEREAGH should not alter his intention of
reading the Bill a second time on Thursday, in consequence of
what had fallen from the Hon. anti 'Learned Gentle Man.--
•The Bill was ,dinted, and already io the hands of Huuour-
able Members, who had thus .abundant time to cansiderits
provisions. On the question that the Speaker should leave
the Chair, the principle of the measure might he discussed.
He was the inure eager to enter into the discussion early, in
order to strip the Bill of all the elaherate misrepresentations
with which the Honourable and Learned Gentleman had so
studiously surrounded it, and that the country might know
its real nature. _ _

Mr. BROUGHAM contended that if he bad studiously and:
elaborately surrounded the Bill with misreprescuOitions, it
became still wore incumbent on the Noble Lord to :dime a
;:reater time for its consideration and the circulation of its
printed copy, which coat not be surroutioed with his ela-
borate- misrepresentations." At any rate counnon decency
required the 1101.1se to give some little time to its Consti-
tuents, whOse most valuable- rights and sacred privileAes
(which he shoo bi hitherto have called inalicnable) it was
about to break down,. to understand tio• measure and express
their sentiments on the subjict.—(Hear, hear !)
Lord I'OI..STONE, considering how the House were
likely to hr occupied this day and to-morrow, and how intri-
cate were l he provisions of the. Bilk proposed, defied any Gen-
tleman to say that he could know their nature sufficient-1y well
to go auto the discussion fairly and effectually on Thursday
nest. 'Besides the people knew nothing of the measure, and
would thus be deprived of the power of expressing their opi-
nion upon it.. if the discussion took place on Thursday, it
w, old be impossible, not only for the country, but even for
the House, to undcstand the measure. He therefore hoped
and trusted, that the second reading would be postponed to
another day.
Mr. BENNET, thought the subject of too much import-
ance to be pasien over without the most serious investiga-
tion.. In order to insure that necessary object, lie ore no-
tice, that he should move to-morrow, that a Call of the House
take place next Thursday; if ho other day was fixed for the
iectind reading.—(Hear, hear, hear !)
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY.

Lord ALtlioßP, when he hetil given notice of
the question which he was about to submit to the
House, had felt it to be one of great importance,
hut the measures proposed by the Noble Lord last
night had so far increased that importance, that
he was now sorry the task which he had volun-
tarily assumed should not have fallen into more
able and worthy hands, He should, ,however,
not shrink hum he duty which he bad tinderta-

ken to fulfil, and should trust to the indulgence of.
the House to excuse .the inefficient manner in
which he was conscious he should perform it. It
was admitted on all sides that the state of the
country was alarming.-- In this ei-;iii43:l be agreed,
although he differed as to the e ounds on which
that alarm was founded. But it was surely neces-
sary that the House, when passing measures for
the purphse of removing the causes of alarm,
should use every deliberation to ascertain what
would exactly suit the case, and be applicable to
the danger. If the )exisiing laws were found in-
sufficient, it ought to be inquired whether mea,'
sures at coercion and vigour ought to be substi-
tuted and if this were admitted, whether the
measures proposed by his Majesty's Government

were such as the occation demanded. It was I
therefore evident that the most abundant infor-
mation. should be laid before the 'House. No
question of equal importance to the present had
ever been submitted to Parliament without a full
inquiry, calculated to produce a clear understand-
ing-of every circumstance. if such confidence
were kit in the Administration as to satisfy the
House that they would pro Pose nothing but what
was proper, or if such papers had bean presented
'B9 would satisfy every mind, then his motion for
inquiry might he groundless and unnecessary. But
he- did no: believe any Hrin. Member would say
that measures of this kind should he passed on the
ground of confidence in any set of men,(Elear,
heal !)—And as to the papers, they were not of
that nature that could produce complete satisfac-
tion. Tire whole body of the documents now. in
the possession of the House, ought to be -divided
inio two periods that which preceded, anti that
which followed the meeting of the 16:b of Au-
gust. The first series stated that the Magistrates
of Lancashire wet c apprehensive of danger'; but
Mr. Spooner said that none existed at Birming-
ham, and Lord Fitzwilliam reported the same of
Yorkshire. It appeared evident that the danger
was confined to Lancashire, and even there a
grat alteration had taken place in its degree
after the transactions of the Itith of Angvst.
Previous to that day, drilling was practised
amon., the people, but on' atnas were preparing.
immediately after they began to he procured,
meetings became frequent in Yorkshire, and
distuttnnees broke out in Scotland. It was
then that Sir J. Byng stated in a letter, that
a simultaneous rising, not contemplated by for-
mer meetings, was to take plate on the Ist 9t
November. It appeared therefore, that the mea-
sures •of force, employed on the 16th, had not
allayed, bat increased popular discontent. There
were several defects and chasms in the papers
before the House, Which it, was necessary to, fill
up and' explain, helot e it could sanction tine mea-
sures of the Noble Lord.. In fact he could scarce-
ly cow- lye a stale of things that could justify
site!' measures. The first detect to which he nail
aliuded inn the Ducoments, was the absence of all
intelligence from Scotland., previous to the 16th.
It was desirable to know what had been the state
of that country anterior to that period, in order
to ascertain the causes of the diicowents which

had since prevailed amongst part of its popliat'°-0;
\lore intelligence was also required ev.ot
Lancashire. There %%as none among the Welk.
hot of a date immediately previous to the
More ought to be produced in order to coablel,`,
House to go to the root of the evil. As CO "t
Manchester meeting. the only statement was 1118
contained in Mr. Hay's letter, in which there
were many things that required explanation•
sisters, he doubted not, possessed those OP.
nations, but they ought not to be withhohiel,
from the House. They had seen Mr. Hay.
heard many points hum him which the House
had not. In his letter this Rev. Gentleman said'
after Hunt and his associates had been arrested,
in the mean time the Riot Act was read, andos
meeting dispersed." Now the Noble Lord oPr;
site maintained that the Riot Act had been
tea
three times, and that in doing so one of the Ma'
gistrates had been trampled under 1, ot. He err;
;slut), thought that the Noble Lot d only state
'chat he believed to be true, but it that were 06
tact, it appeared next to impossible that Mr. 114
should not have known it, and th.t knowing
he should not have mentioned it in his letter. It
was absolutely necessary for the full onderstandiat
~1 the subject, that the Magistrates should hg
examined—(Hear!)—and that in point of iofnr
mation the House should be put on the same font'
tug as his Majesty's Ministers. There was and'
titer point which justice too a distinguished inar
Word required should be explained. He was "b 1;
to give that explanation, but it was necesors'
that the House should receive it from a higlilec
authority than his. Many were of opinion III!t
it Sir John Byng had been present at the We':
ing •of the 16th much mischief would 107;
been prevented. He bad heard that Officer Mu%
blamed for not having as Commander ot (1.11-
District, taken his post where the meeting eit
expected to assemble. The fact was, that 54,4
John Byng was at Manchester on the 14 13
August, and that he offerer! to stay in that W',
till the Meeting was over. But the Magistrole
told him that they apprehended no dancer viUsi;
ever—(Hear, hear !)—HL bad then said that se
4ould remain within reach of an express, in e''.sl
he should, be wanted. Now Mr. Norris slit.
that alarm had been experienced on' the ?if(
Why then was not Sir Jahn Byag sent for
any blame were imputable, it was not to
but to the Magistrates.—(Hear, hear !).---M111:
at,
of the evidence before the House was anonyto°_,-
He easily understood that secrecy mightits
felt:
tain• cases be required, but it was apparent. 1104
the conduct of many of the individuals who -ill('
given that information, that they had acteo
Pd
spies.—(Hear!)-,-It appeared that they ("Ito
themsielves as the persons for whorls the
were intended, and that they ordered tlit4l3 (13.,
made in order to produce them in evidence•ii
([dear !)—After whar hid occurred 1,,a 1e 1.
ago, it became the House to entertain a sceor"ba
ous jealousy.—(Hear, hear !)—lt ought tO.OO
enabled to ascertain what evidence had been
truly, and Whether. the informers had not ele4iigt
the victims, as had been clone before, i0,f).41.400
to increase alartn.—{Hear, hear, bear !)-g'e'
ne'
reasoes appeared to him conclusive of the
cessity of appointing a Committee. Ile 4‘,14
ceiccd that the objections to such a course ie 0.
he the delay which it would create, acid the I'J4,
sibility of injuring the Magistrates in IW;
fence. As to the delay, the Noble Lord boos
right to urge such an objection. He InIlY tO
aware of all these transactions aid dangers Tato
month of August, and if be bad thought.Lvio,
necessary, might then have called Pat-Hamel
gether. The country was not now to golfer
Ylt
cause time Noble Lord had acted ia a blatocol
manner. Neither could he see that delay W,ifae
produce any barna: With respect to the 11Iliec,
preventing drilling, as there could be no "dig
tion to such a measure, it need not be debileitee
wait the result of an inquiry. The law for re'
ing the right of traversing was one whi'llog
quired no precipitation in its enactment, fur
right could not be exercised till the next its9oo9
As to those for authorizing a search for 8,10
preventing seditious meetings, and repressi"lfite
abuses of the Press, they were not 50 eV
diately wanted :as to render a short dela!, elictoig
.lection. There was nothing in the papers° Oh
Parliament that could lead to a suppositt°
stub
the' accumulation of arms had lately liseo "le/
R height as to occasion any particular 11°100
With respect to meetings it had been prOerlact pG
wilco the Magistrates were prepared, theY 11.041
difficulty in dispersing the most numerous as.
pa'
blies. On that point there was therefore° o id':
mediate peril, and the same view applied ,Cci Se°,
tious publications. He was aware that 'not ly
Committee there was a balance of evils,
was conscious at the same time of the gre-?
vantage to be derived from ample iniorill e 6 i el;
not only as necessary to the dignity of h o('
ceitdings of Parliament, but to render the °ces feat
i
themselves effective. The inquiry which lit 411
posed had not crimination for if', object. 4
§l,lO
only intended to found the present met' ,44.;1„
that view of the subject which prudent 016(11,,;(1`,1
always endeavour to obtain. Hoo.
men who told the House that the C°llll.
was in danger, that the people were
sii if
arms, and that property was about to i";
would hardly give up the great advartige•oooo,
to he derived from a more perfect ;IdaPr_eollj
measures to existing- perils, in conseettel.ofpet;i
quirt', because a prosecution might be tolinetiti
against Mr. Hay or Mr. Norris, or s default'
might come out that would injure theirowe
If they wire innocent, nothing could titilts.rdl
and if they were guilty, was it improPer le tboliFt,
thing should come (silt ? He should haleofficif
that the explanation he had given wo.s boo/
and would have added no further feinslad
not heard the Noble Lord last uight:ich be.e,
him with regret, propose measures w`k,bobe
PIJt
ceived to be dangerous to the rigl'l9tutioro.
pie, and the integrity of the Consul
ai erg
Lac! never been ambitious sil,'e jeer yoi
orator, but on the present occasion ;Ice to ti'6o/30
gretted his want of power to-do jfisuid re
portance of •
the case. Yet he shoild
the House to pause before they Pasa,e cones 111
Sc) dangerous a tendency. If free"ool, '
to be honourable, amid slavery OFt. 1- , tel'" of°r,
Pailiament give tip the Constitu"of
by their tancrv.ors in a moue°

~~"gym

1()Ni
111,
11,4 tit,
6e ref

14104'1
4trwa

,

gerou
'lat it
Vwett

"Per
tigy,
(11e4i

ll'eeti

hews,.
*te,,
they i
Press
_ it

t
lion.
kthv
it ,

lei.l:
CI a

vt;
"4X ni
*Vital

aioti.
t()

41iri

to il i
the

to. t
f!on,
s
Ittri

•Uve

son,
!ti
• 1).0(
POjr,
coin
Prot
GOB
by t
Net,
ca
Cott

poll
.ee:
ad
l'Att

circ
1„,.

Its!

tr(„
fro!,

4SCr
the
in
's‘ 11,Q4

i, lilt
ultlt

there

1. All'
el. e1"1
House
in said'

;estedo
old the
rn
rep

he N 74.
le cer•
stated
ere {he
r. 11"1

in);
er.
ending
bd
info"
e fow
,s do°r
d ;rn'
.as !bit
ce,i4ff,
10411 e(
th‘g

vs) 'doe

g•iti

er I
et. ,11' !---(hear, hear, hear !)—i-le asked pat don
„, (ne House for having attempted what was be•
'll4'll his strength, and concluded by moving that,
ail Papers presented to the House by the c0m-
b.1.4111 of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent,
e referred to a Select Committee.
i Colonel DAVIES seconded the motion. He
t 41‘ild not perform his doty if he did not come
f
,411eard when he saw his Majesty's Ministers taking
tiv."a".lage of a temporary alarm to make dan.
'er°lla inroads into the Constitution. 1-13,1 they
4t shut their eyes for a considerable time to the
f:"°teetlings occurring in the country, and al-
livred them to go on with a view to come to the
°",e and apply for extraordinary powers ? The
halters on the table showed something like a de-
:1141" it) establish despotism instead of the law:—
'e"rs hear ! from the Opposition.)—For when
cheating' wet e agitating the country, when the
i
'ewspapers teemed with alarming details, anti
14": Were made publicly, his Majesty's Mini-
l'ltets did not interfere. It was only of late that
they had made a feeble attempt to arrest the pro-
titess of sedition and danker. He was of opinion
.?•It many of those public meetings were attend-
'at' With peril to the Constitution, and tended to
:Morelize the people. He would therefore not
withhold his consent front any moderate. measure
Zleulated to put down sedition anti leneilion.
Ile
When he saw a set of bills tending to subvert
Ile liberties and constitution of the country, as
tisatlg as he bad a breath he would use eit against
-wern• The _Noble Lord opposite spoke of rea
ll:lasing disaffection ; but what was the cause of
at disaffection ? Was it nor the overpower=;
.11g. •borthen of taxation, and would it be re-
reeseed by an increase of the army, which wouldd
the
an addition to the taxes necessary ? Were
tl'e complaints of the people to be answered with
,'t bayonet ? Even gnawing that the present
Zeasureswerenot attended with danger to the Con-
eitotion, how was this new army to he appoint-
' and supported with a revenue falling off at the
tact'
of five millions a year ? if Ministers were
i•Oly desirous of pacifying the people, inetend of
kncreasing the army, let them 'educe the public
'4"thens. They had the melos Of doing so, but
tee ,i
, the disposition. There was no depart meet
;°4llected with the army in which the salaries
bat" expenses were not doable ..vbet they were in
°{)6, so that after five years of peace, the country
l'iil more for her military establishment Chan itt
"e midst of real. lie then contended that it
teas tint fair to compare the situsitiou of this
tt.ountry with that of France before the Revolt,-
Irm.)- In France trspotism heti prevailed for
144.1'Y ages, and when the Revolution broke out,
ft ".,ts. aide.; 's the dawning of true liberty and
tet"til halipioeis, —eilst Eegland bad long been
''" 'lie. ,- j.,vineot of a tree Constitution, and
e9"ld gain nothing by
, a change. Had not the
''''''oeh G,,vete•ment shut their eyes, and attempt-
' :4,1 a Ceuree it measures which only aggravated
61, ri,e e‘t n: would have been difiereet.
"rtre his Majeetv's Nitetsters now to follow their
')ample, the most dreadful corrup• ion must in-
"iiably result. Tttittkottg, tinder every point of
~.tievr, that inquire was necessary, he seconded the
'‘otion of tire No'hic *Loud, and trotted that it
larittld be enter aioed liv the House.
11r. 13ATHURST Si'" with deep !egret the course
1'1'44 ed by the Noble Lord; and :he respectable
y of men ‘enii formed the Opposition iii 'hat
kose. He had hoped that in a crisis like.tlos
lreeent, when the dangers of, the country had
nett so fully substantiated by the documents laid
before the House—(Hear, (tear, bear, from the
tlPeinsition)—their course would have been more
consistent with the interests and the call of the
tountry, who looked to Parliament, and to them
• lei a part of it, for assistance in this time of terror
sad peril. If they thought that by so doing they
would conciliate the favour of the people, they
tteted in a manner which experience bad proved.
l° he ineffective anti improper. It was known
that the Radicals did not look v.ith an eye of con-
' 44ence on the Honourable Gentlemen opposite,
IPIld would i! not most become those Hon, Gentle-
ken to mat k the bloat) barrier between, and not
tr+ hold out to those individuals the tacit, though
trot intended encouragement. of such conduct as
t,t't present in Parliament ? He had considered
ti by agreeing to the Address, and moving
141 Amendment, not in opposition to it, but
14 an addition to its strength, they had
•Anhted that the collective wisdom of the House
l'ing required to find some mode of removing sedi•
qoes practices. Even now they did not attempt
to deity the existence of such practices, nor the
tklikrnihig state to which they lied reduced the
tountry. And when it was the object of men like
the itadivals, to loosen the bonds of society, and
1.15 throw their elements into the primeval chaos
from whence it had originated, was it too much
sissi say that measures like the present should not
)tit proposed, at a period when the whole country
. were looking up to Parliament, not for these owe-
Ibres—(Hear, and laughter from the Opposition),
: ''"-not for these measures in particular, but for
INne that would repreks existing evils ? lie blam-
ell the Noble Lord for etoleevourinto stop the
•,:ill'oceedings of the House, by. advising the ap-
, kiintment of a Committee to examine papers,
' "rile of which it bad oot been thought proper to
• • . Produce.—(Hear, hear !)—ln this his Majesty's
L • t_Government had followed the principle adopted
',,, ey the House, that it was not expedient Parlia-
!,
s' • Acta should lie called *llion to give its opinion on
il Case which might mnre effectually conic before a
t court of Justice. With respect to some of the
r)eiinta in which the information produced had
ett represented to be deficient, the Noble Lord
• juld laid some stress on the reading of the Riot
'let• That Act, he maintained, bad been read
exitree tunes at Manchester on the day of the meet-
I":;. The lest time it bad been read by Mr. Sil-
' :e"er,• a Magistrate, who bad gone into the
r9wd, and by a sudden rush of the multitude
trinn some cause- or other, had been knocked
.' lit)wo• But be thought that the Noble Lord
~ascribed too much importance to the reading of
t
l'e.Riot. Act, as connected with the dispersion' of
.14 meeting; fur that Act did not repeal the corn-
' Non law which authorized the Magistrates to
,• i lirt'eeed as they had done. The" Noble Lord ad-
i''ilied that thilling was practised previous to
i
''.., •I:e Itith of August, but contended that the peo-
,4
i .11.1', hail only commenced aiming themselves
, -41 tr the anent' of that day. Now it was proved,

that before the 16th, not drilling merely was
carried on, but such training as that the word
" Fire" was given, as well as the: word
" March." It was necessary that the individuals
thus trained should go about at night with pikes
in their bands. But it must surely be ac-
knowledged, that if they learnt to move, to wheel,
and all the evolutions of military bodies, they
had acquired that science which was most im-
portant and dangerous, and should arms be after-
wards given them, they would become as formi-
dable- as it was in the nature of such a force to
be. It was evident what their leaders intended
when they had got them in this state of prepara-
They intended by large meetings to carry
some great political point ; and when their de-
clarations were lo .ked at, it was not difficult to
say that the object was the total overthrow of
the existing Constitution. 'fire question then
was, whether the House had not sufficient grounds
and sufficient information before it -to legislate
upon, and endeavour to check the growing dan-
ger, without going into the Committee recom-
mended by the Noble Lord ? •One of the argu-
ments of the Noble Lad for a Committee, at
least if any tiring was to be inferred from his
statement, was to enquire into. the reasons wiry
General Byng was not upon the spot on the 16,11
of August. If any blame was meant to be attach-
ed on this ground, he should he glad to know how
a Committee could do it away. grounds,
then, consider them al«rgether, had tire Noble
Lord laid for his motion ? A motion whch, if it
%vete only tor the mischief of the delay which it
would occaion, ought to he resisted by all those
who stood pledged, as it were, to the country, by
their vote of the Address, to adopt the most
prompt measures to stop the evil with which they
were metiaced, and apply the most imt»ediate re-
medy. Something had been said of the confidence
asked by Government. Government had, how-,
eve', asked very little on its own statements, but
it would not have hero too much if it had
presumed so far as it had done on what was
instly dire to it, and on the rublic notoriety of
the tad his on wch it proceeded. But it had done
more ; it liar) laid a grass of information before
Parliament, end made out a case for the measure
it proposed. The Noble Lord, in One part of his
address, had expresssd a wish that the names of
the parties communicaring these statements had
been given Bar surely it was unnecessary to
t(11 'he N-ble Lord, that the personal safety of
tire individuals forbade such a course, and tint no
admioistration ort ,tarth would be warranted in
hazarding the lives of persons who clots came for-
.ward to serve the State.—(lle-+r !)—Another of
the arguments .of the Noble Lard was, that as
Lancashire was the chief sea! of the malcontents,
and as the Menchester ,Meting had been sop-
presird by a stir torte, there was no apprehen-
sion of the tutores Was it • possible to argue in
this Way A4ctinst the evidence from every quarter,
which was unanimous in stating the greatest dan-
ger to exist. Was it not even natural, in the com-
mon course of things, rather to think it likely
that the strength of thetiiseffected would aug-
msnt, and that when hereafter they were opposed
to the lawful authorities, they would he prepared
for resistance ) Tire meeting at Burnley afforded
a proem of this, tt proof of so necessary a come-
qui•oce were wanting: '!'here-they met in more
perfect array, with stave's in their hands, and
pikes to fit them, in their breasts, end with pistols,
and every show of determined force. Bra evert
were not this the fact, were there no other fea-
tures in the transactions of these times to calf for
the interference of 'Parliament in a direct way
Was it possible for the country to exist for any
useful purpose, for manufacturing, for com-
merce, nay for daily labour, it such a system as
had been unfolded to them were allowed to pre-
vail ? The general welfare was incompatible with
these meetings, and military threats anti prepara-
tions ; and if they looked for further demonstra-
tion, it was to be found in the particular works of
assassination, which sprung. from the base. ruin-
ciples so assiduously dissentinated. At Stockport,
and at Manchester, they had seen the Civil offi-
cers shot at and wounded, for merely performing
their duty ; and one Constable hail even been
stoned to death without the possibility of inter-
ference to save him. As for the Magistrates, they
were exposed to constant abuse arid outrage ;
and could it be but that such a state of things,
if permitted, must ultimately succeea in destroy-
ing all subordination and loyalty ? Already
men durst hardly evince good disposition
in these districts. If active in defence of the
laws, their persons were endangered ; and, it
they discountenanced the attempts of the evil-
minded, their property and fortunes were injur-
ed, for they bemire marked men ; and whatever
heir trade or occupation was, means were taken
to hurt them in it. This must gradually sap, and
in the end, root out attachment to the establish-
ed order. On the other band, he ventured, con.
fidently to affirm, that iu the papers before the
House (in :which it was not meant to be said
that every thing known was stated) there
was a case made out of dangerous combina•
lions inn many parts—in Cheshire, in Lanca-
shire, it) Yorkshire, in Scotland, ford in fine a
general state of disorder *which dematuled more
effectual regulation than any that now existed.
Great stress had been laid on the meeting at
Leeds, and on other meetings separating without
violence ; but, for the present argument, it was
no matter how many meetings took place and dis-
persed peaceably. In the pieces referred to it
was distinctly stated, that nothing but the know-
ledge that a body of soldiers were at hand 'to
quell any excess prevented an •explosion. And
was this the constitutional method ? Was it tin-
der the awe of a military check that the mis-
chievons were to assemble, and the good citizen
to be protected ? Surely Honourable Gentlemen
would not contend for this, especially when there
could Pent) doubt of the purposes which the dis-
affected had iu view—purposes which they open-
ly avowed and entirely agreed in, only differing
about the fit time for carrying them into effect.—
Their aim, indeed, was to overthrow tire Consti-
tution,. and while one demagogue insisted that
now was the time to strike, another held that
they ought to spend a longer period in making
ready to strike with effect. The Noble Lord and
Gentlemen opposite, had dwelt a great deal on
the subject of conciliation. Their advice was to

1. t ion.

conciliate, but they did not enter into particu-
lars, and tell them how it was to be done. He
would be glad to leers in what way tber propos-
ed to apply this restorative. There appeared to
him to be but two ; either by yielding their prin-
ciples to the principles of the leaders of these
meetings, or by meeting the views of some Gentle-
men on the opposite side, and giving them what
they did not ask for, Moderate Reforin. Nov
with respect to the abandonment of their
principles to satisfy a demagogue, clamour, he did
not imagine the idea could be entertained for an
instant ; and with regard to the latter elteroetive,
it was evident that it would not have-the effect
predicted—it would not, conciliate. The whole
matter, then, came to this—they should try to al-
leviate the distress of the people where it prevail-
ed ; though it was not tine that the spirit of in-
surgency was cot respondent to the Wan's Of itity
particular body, or that the most inflamed were
the most poor in the districts where irritation and
discontent were most g--eneral. It was both unjust
ant) injurious to suppose that Government was not
anxious to do 311 that was practicable it) this re-
spect ; but it would -be a fallacy to hold out
that there were not certain cases which could
neither reach nor cure. In the nature of human
affairs it almost always happened that every good '
was attended by its concomitant evil. Even
our extended commerce and national prosperity
had this
.alloy, that at times great branches of
trade would be thrown out of subsistence, and,
those employed in them be exposed to many in-
conveniences. But could any Committee of
ln-
quiry produce a remedy for this, grievance ? It it
could, lie would vote for the motion of the Noble
Lord. As it could Out, he conjured the House to
resist that motion, which, plausibly asking for
information, in reality would have the effect of
parlilyzing what they had altady done, told en-
conraging those who were going on from day to
day with their machinations, to overturn every
legitimate authority, end who, if not impeded by
the measures adopted by Parliament, must ad-
vance towards the accomplishment of their de-
sign. The House was hound to folfil the pledge
it had carried to the foot of the 'l'ilrone, unit the
people looked to it for the protection which that -
pledge promised.
sir M. W. RLDLC? supported the motion, and
asserted that the connrty looked up to the Oppo-
sit:on for protection against the severe measotes
proposed by Governmelo. He denied that those
out his side of the House had any wish to encou-
rage the Radical Reformers, whose.ohject, they
were aware, was to overthrow the Coostitution.
Their wild visions of Annual Parliaments, Uni-
versal Suffrage, 'and Election by Ballot, he con-
demned as much as the Hon. Gentlemen over the
way. Bet he contended, that a rigid inquiry ;
into the Manchester meeting was necessary, and
that the law proceedings on that subject, now
reduced to the single :Jethro against Hoot for a
conspiracy, were not enough to satisfy the coun-
try. He also condemned the hasty approbation •
bestowed on the 'Magistrates, for which, he ar-
gned, there was no• precedent. Another ground
of inquiry was, that the Noble Lord (Castie-.
reagh) had proposed permanent and general mea-
sures, for temporary and. local evils. The Right
Hon. Gent. who spoke last had required an ex-
planatiott. of shat Wag Meant by the advice to
conciliate. He would tell him what was his
sense of conciliation ; and he wished it were more
in the months and minds of Ministers. He meant by
it that it was right to convince the people, while
they coerced 'thent on one hand, they sympathized
with their distresses on the other ; that they
would listen to their petitions, and redress their
grievances, and above all, would take the subject
of a Parliamentary Reform, into consideration.
Parliamentary Reform had made so strong an im-
pression within the last twelve months, that no-
thing short of the House entertaining that qees-
tion would have any effect ; and he earnestly re.
commended their ac:oping it, instead of reside-
lions which never would put down irritation.
Mr. LONG WIILLIOLEY began in so low a tone
of voice that we could not make out more of his
intfOthleiory sentences than that he censured the
political language used by the sneakers on the
Opposition side of the Hoose, as calculated to
increase rather titan diminish the inflammation
that was acknowledged to be so industriously
spread abroad. He then adverted to the for-
tner arguments of these Gentlemen against
Committees of Inquiry, and wondered how
they could now adept the entitely opposite
course, of recommending what they bad hitherto
so strenuously objected to. One Hon out able
Gentleman heti carried this opinion so tar, that
on the proposal for the Committee of Finance last
Session, he had declared it was no better than a
packed J,iry, mid could produce no desirable
result. The Ilonoorable Gentlemen went on
to 6110 W; that no advantage could arise from
agreeing to the motion ; nor would it allay the
ferment in the country. The (locum. His laid
before them proved, this plain fact, and it was
supported by every legal and other authority which
had been called on to deliver an opinion, that an
alarming state of disaffection existed. This was
the spontaneous and unanimous opinion of all the
honourable men, in whatever capacity, called up-
on to inquire into the situation of the country.—
They therefore stood in need of no Committee to
ascertain this tact. It seemed to-him that Gen-

tlemen opposite had abandoned the main point at

issue ; at least he was sure it was so considered
by all the Magistrates with whom he was in the
habit of acting, who tho►►gt►t that the great ques-
tion for the House to decide was, whether the
Manchester Meeting was legal or illegal, and es-
pecially, which character the conduct of the Ma-
gistrates bore. But as they had blinked these
subjects, he was inclined very much to doubt the
pretensions set up by the Gentlemen on the other
side to a superior knowledge of ►he public opi-
nion. if they had possessed this, they would
have come fairly forward, and not have yielded,
as they had done, the principal matters at issue.
—The Honourable Gentleman then went into
the assertions which had first appeared in the
public newspapers, and were then re-echoed by
the Opposition, and contended that if these had
been true, there would have been nto►ch greater in-
"lamination than there really was. tie alluded to
an Hon. Baronet's (Sir W. Crespigny's) tale of
Woe reverting a venerable Clergyman to ano-

I her atrocious story of a cruel cordon- of troopi
being drawn ronnd the Meeiqg; and to the con-
duct of the Grand Jury of which had since
been contradicted, and shown to be unfounded.
He was convinced that net better metnod conid be
devised to promote ihe 'views of the Reformers,
by bringing the House Tutu contempt, than to
call upon it - to/exercise its judicial. functions on
such occasions as the present, and interfere wit!)
what would be miieti -more constitutionally and
properly done, where withesses were upon their
Oaths before Jurits in the same situation; and as
no one circumstance rvas so much calculated to
keep.up the irritation they wilted to allay, at not
corning to some decisive restrictive nreasurs, he
would give his vote against the motion. -

' Mr.ll. KINNAIRD rose at the•satne time with Lord
Lascelles, told several other Members.' lia,in4
obtained the Speaker's voice, he apologised for
pressing his claim to a hearing, in preference'to
the Noble Lord, and for throwing
.himself on the
urinal courte.y of the ['Ouse towards thos.e who
addressed-them for the first time. He was imdeed
anxious to address tht in, because he' thought it
very little matter avho spoke i,tttr.that night on
the liberties of the people, and it was his earnest
desire to deliver his sentiments while they had
yet a Constitution—(A laugh, and a cry of hear.)
He professed not to be acquainted With the
usages of the House, nor did he know io whet
manner they ought to treat a speech from the
Throne ; but when that speech stated that invie-
ty and dissatisfaction were prevalent among the
people of England, it did appear to hjni that the
least thing they could do was to give it their
most tormal consideration. In Ihis revect there-
fore the Noble Lord had done what the Ministers
of the Crown ought to hare done, both- in that
character and as a Minister for the People, having
a seat that House. He confessed tha't lie felt
an alarm, equal, he believed he might say err-
perior, to any Gen,leman who had spoken ou
subject, because every thing lie had heard in the
course of their procettlings increased it ; and if
Ile could not the House to attend to what Ire
had to urge, he would leave it sill more alarm-
ed, as he should feel Chat prejudice and passion.
had got possesion of their minds, ant' th.o-they
were ready .to take the word of Ministers for
what the papers hetore them contradicted. If
impiety and sedition prevailed in the districts
even the most affected, the Gentlem2n belonging
to these places ought to out wi;11 their swords,
and with their tenantry around them oppose the
danger. Were what was represented true ; were
the numbers so formid.ble and the array so
dreadful, this would have been the course pursued.;
but the revtrse was the case, and the'y had felt
their properties and families in the midst of the
peril. Lord Derby, too, who in July applied for
one thonsand stand of aims to arm so many men,
had not in the middle of August beets able to
officer even one battalion. From these circum4
stances' he concluded there were great exag•
gerations, and that more alarm was excited
than the real state of circumstances warrant-

ed. Eve's to that Horse, he would suggest, where
education, honour, good feeling, nobleness -Of
nature, and every thing tha, could 'tend to pro-
duce suavity and teciprocalconsidertrtion abound.
eti—even in that noose, in the heat of
discussion, it sometimes happened that false mo-
tives Were attributed; and Gent le inew seemed as if
they considered others to be actually hostile to
them and to the Constitution. If that could he
the case among them, how much more might they
suppose that the mistrust, alarm, and accusation
in these districts prozeeded from similar causes. It
was therefore or them to parse and retl:.ct whe-
ther it %%mold not be more wise to endeavour to
allay these alarms, and to look to ho It sides of
the question. lie believed On his COnSdenCe that
the people, too, were excited by alarm on their
parts, and hail had recourse to training, in order
Wit they might be able to rely on each other,
(Hear, hear, hear ! front the Ministerial side.)—
It they believed that they were; or were about to
be placed out of the pale of the law.; if no man
could confide in his neighbour, they Vie House)
might lOok for assassioations, and tor a- state of
things whets no Gentleman could walk abroad un-
armed for his persoAl protection. He was
firmly persuaded that much of the present evil
arose train the declaration uttered in the House
two years ago, that Government would rely on
olnainiog information by the means of spies. Did
it not occur to them that thefic spies were likely
to betray the Government that employed thern ?
It they looked attentively to the papers produced,
it would be reckoned tar ft om improbable that
great parts of their contents were derived from
such sources. He called on the House to pause,
to inquire, and especially to endeavour to devise
employment for the distressed. Although no. de-
mons of going at soy length into that subject,
he took this opportunity of saying a few words its
favour of Parliamentary Reiman. Alloding to,
and describing the Doke of lAdl,
ot2iotainefl that it ought not to be construed into
treason, to stand up for such improvements in the
Constitution. Not that he did not thinle'the people
were in error when they claimed these as inalien-
able rights : they had no inalienable right but
the light to be well governed. But he was cer-
'Lao that instead of imputing treason to them fur
such error, it would he wise to try conciliation.
The people 'would be satisfied with a Reform tar
short or %that they stated in their Resolutions.
They would,enti6..de a great deal if met try con-
cession ; and -it was unreasonable to hold that be-
cause they asked many things widen perhaps ought
not to be granted, they would not gratefully ac-
cept what was fit and expedient. Ile read one of
the Resolutions, passed- (we believe at Leeds) in
support of this opinion. It invited the rich to
come forward, sold lead the Petitioners to obtain
the Radical Reform' they sought ; declaring at
the same time, that the interests of the rich and
poor were identified on this point. In conclusiou
he apologized for his language, if throtigh 'any
inadvertency it had caused hint to appear inimical
to the aristocracy or higher classes. Such a sen-
timent he disclaimed, and avowed himself friendly
to all classes of the community.
Lord LAscELLes said, that there bad been no
intention on the part of the Magistrates of Man•
chester, to disperse the Meeting by military force,
until the very day on which it happened. In
support of this, he stated, ou the 'authority of

Crnural Beni?, tbat -that .o?iicer, who was in Man•
rhetter before the Meeting no the (Ph of August,
had inquired of the 114eistrares whether They
would require his assistanue bit they declined
it then, and lie remained Oleic until the 16th,
and was not applied to by the Magistrates : it was
there-fore plain that military force had formed no
part of their phut of preparation The Noble
Lord then expatiated upon the public meetings
which, be said, had no doubt originated in the dis-
tress of the lower classes, but which were kept pp
and continued by persons, who went about with
the design of inflaming the people and driv-
ing them to illegal acts. It was certain,
that at many of the Meetiogs there were
thousands, who came there out of curiosity, but
who afterwards, he regretted to say, surrendered
up their understandiogs, and became mere parti-
sans of the lendi•rs. This he could state from
his knowledge of the cowry, with which he was
best conversant. lie load taken pains there to
inquire of some of those pe',?tie as to their pur-
poses but he invatiobly Inund, that though
they were willing enough to m,ctol Meetings,
‘ctthey did not seem dis-p,).sed to %-io!ent mcasurcs.
Nevertheless these MZetiug, welt-, on al! ac-
c^onrs, worthy tit iittehtion ; would be
the last man in the woild to advocate rigorous
hit'asiire, it he thought the law nose in ford:,
cool.' not, floc eve r, conceal from
the [louse, the convictioo he felt that they wen.
insufficrlit—(heat)—and the great flange: likely to
result ti, the mamitactoring.inte rc.ets cif the cwin-
try; from poptilia tumults, Made him more .scal-
uoly give the new mr4.s.ores his support,—
(Ilear.)—The law, were nut merely directed
against the diiciffected, they ;Mete tnaoe to protect
honest and indostt ions men. Was it to he ex-
pt chit, he would ask, that the House would sit
still, and look with spatliv upon the progress of
a d•stemper, which will soon intect all cl4sses i

—(ilear.)—The romidaint then existed, ‘vithout
elcnial, and some remedy surely uas necessaiy.—
It wit!lit I ereafter be a question, how tar the re-
medics proposed were expedient or not. But he
could not help observing here, thlt gentlemen on
the other side treated this question with great want
of candour. In all their statements, they seemed
to have adopted am! J cted upon the most exag-
gerated accounts published, and to take only one
view of the question.—(l-lear, bear, hear !)—The
presumption with these Gentlemen was, that the
Magistrates were wrong at Manchester. He
deeply regretted this d isposith,i) iu Members of
that House, as by gtsnig conntcorince in sortie

.. . ..
meueure to the general prejudice, it would have a
more dangerous influence on the public mind, than
they could ever contemplate.—(Hear, hear !)
With regard to temele canvassers awl female Re-
formers, to whom allusion lied been made, the
Noble Lord took occasion to say, that he
would disapprove of the former, as much as
the latter, when he understood that they form-
ed combinations for instilling into the minds
of their children, principles inimical to the ism..
,(Hear, hear !)---Ilut above all, he wondered
Gentlemen would lecommend the encouragement
of Union Societies, when their objects were a
tittle considered. Was it forgotten that these
insisted upon, as righis, Annual Parlratnents and
Universal ittfrage. The encouragement of •so-
eieties pursuing such objects certainly could never
be an object of desire to any Gendonten who
wished well to our Constitution. It also ep-
peered to him, be• added, that too little attention
ead been paid to irreligious pnblicatione, for
Gentlemen eid not seem to be aware of the
indult!), willi which they were disseniinated, or
the gre,t_ extent of their circulation. It was in-
calculable the pains that were taken, to give the
poor the-facilities of corning at (het», A regular
system of putting them into their houses pre-
vailed, and it naturally follose-col, that when the
people were unemployed, and hail nothing el*e to
read, that they, with their families, read these
with acidity, and with such attention, that they
soon had toe greater part of them by heart.—
Keying said thus much, he trusted the House
understood the distinction he made between the
actively seditious, and those who were innocently
rind passively so. It was very possible, by Legiela-
tive measures, to preserve that line of distinction,
rand nothing could he more solidly beneficial,
than to reclaim those who were Us yet but on
the threshold of becoming obnoxious to the laws.
But, in the present tone of the public mind, this
was not to be done by making concessions. At ,
present, the true way was to teach the people
that every man was to be protected from the ie-
trusione of designing men in delittniog his opi-
nions in re constitutional way. The Noble Lord
concluded by recommendieg iinanimhy to the
1-lo•ise, as _a great nieaus of re-assuring the
people.
Nil-. liaNeTT (of Wiltshire) rose with consider-
able diffidence to offer his opinion to the House.
He had never a,.t L .1I iie
honour
of addressing it be-
fore ; but, although lie had always considered
that it contained a great majority of the talent of
the country, yet he conceived it to he his para-
mount duty not to be silent, even if, by the exer-
tion of Iris small voice, he thought he could ad-
vance any thing for the interests of his country.
He bad listened, with great attention, to the ar-
guments which had been used in the course of the
several nights of the debate on this oc-
cation, and his conviction %YRS, that a Com-
Miticc should be formed on the Papers et
present before the House, before it passed such
strong •restrreeie measures as hail been pro- '
posed eposporttherm. He begged of the House to
considee that the measures of restriction to
becontenytated, applied to the whole country,
whereas the seditious turbulence which originahy
celled for them was confined to only a few dis-
tsiete. lie could state, as far as regarded his
Own county, that there was no radical feeling in
the county of Wiltshire, although there were
many in it in a starving condition. There wets
no county, he would affirm, would go further
lengths in supporting a bill for restricting radiesl „
feeling thronglsont the whole kingdom. The r.
Hon. Nlember epoliegieed to the House for Irashig
detained it- ere long.

I.no/ N.1:11:1:0N ro♦e, lint the cor.uterierment of his Lord-
sperth was lust in the galirry, °will to• the noise be-
Flit I,olll.liip ttretare,i, that in hi., opinion, aux., nzt•er
was an event which liad iii this country more loud-
!y calling fiir the ;iiiiity of Parliament than the events of
!►iauchester. It was nut the merit of any of the verruca en,-

gazed on that occasion was. rod tier` virtue of M
nor the obje:t for which he was there, that led him tii enter,
tain that opinion ; but tlo,se principles which he considered
tee lee the remit important to the liberties awl interests of the
people. Whether the meeting was legal or illegal. had no-
thing to do with the finestion. A legal meeting be
ulterior acts, become illegal, or it might oh inilfu he illegal ;
Still it should be dispersed according to law.--e-When there
was violence on one side, there was a right to oppose violence
ore the other; but it remained to he shown to hits that any
violence had bren used on the part of the meeting on the
lath of August. The Magistrates, we were told, were anxious
for inquiry; here then an oppottunity wits offered thesis, to
show that they really were anxious.--(Hear, hear !)—ln Con-
clusion, his Lordship declared, that if the alfairs of Manches-
ter were not inquired into, it could be a stain upon the cha-
racter of that I-louse.
Mr. STtTART WORTLEY declared he would not be satis-
fied with any Parliamentary inquiry into the events of Man-
chester—none indeed but what were taken ten oath. The
Courts of Law, he thought rfw, as he had always thought,
were the places where the only satisfactory investigation
could be carried on. He had been called upon by his Noble
Friend (Lord Milton), to redeem the pledge which be stated
hint to hare made for a vote of inquiry. The fact of the case
however was, that what he had promised to the Noble Lord
was on certain conditions. which, as thu Noble Lord did (tut
azree to, nor accomplish, he (Mr. S. Wortley), was ire no way
bound Ise his offer. Ile certainly slontld hare liven contented
tie sacrifice sonic of his views olio?) obtaihing what he con-
ceived to he an equivalent advantage. If he could have suc-
ceeded in aerating the whole colony of York against certain
indichltials under whose demoniacal influence his Noble
Friend seemed to have acted on a day of notoriety, he wool,'
not have liesitatl e 1 in giving ttp some of lets sertsples.—(Hear,
hair !;—Witle regard to the measures now brought forward,
lie would 'try with a Noble Friend near him (Lord Lascelles)
that some laws or othor were necessary for the protection of
those Who are still attached to the Consti'uti,•n, and are tilt
fi ',lots of Li!, uty ; and Fie hurl nu hesitation in agreeing...Oh
Iris Ntelele-Friend, that withoot sortie Icutedy of the descrip-
tion proposed, the manufactutes of the Country roust be
driven array.
Mr. DENMAN observed that be had been, its more than
net. iesstonc**, called upon to slate his opiwoit with respect to
the legal pie ststoes which were involved to We oceu-rreitees
which took place at :(.Lenchester on the eel August last;
and he could assure the Hem, that he avers et not stake the
1:..1 le cis roe of erulessional reputation, whirl: alloirle 1,4,1 op-
no,ite ltiol'esreti him credit for having obtained, in any opinion
11t teeiglit venture tee offer to it. Many doctrines lead been
beoached ten this subject, on the other side art the 11011 Se. d 13,1
in Which found himself unable to coincide...hi legal opinions,
be achiroseledged no alit/1010y but hat was hennaed on the
Statute or Lieu mon Law-0 fear —lle denied having said
that hewonhl sheets the meeting to have been legal. Ile had only
asserted as to tire elitt”111011 upon which the 1101ISe would be
Cant-el upon to determine, ire tire event tit an inquiry, viz.
as to whether it 'Kai lawhilly or nithiwtolly dispersed. The
Honourable and Learned tientlesaan then proceeded to
quote neauy Law Authorities in elucidation of the various
legal points of view in which this compLestteil question pre-
sents itself. He concluded by declating that he contemplated
with feelings of grief and horror the several new Bills which
it was now attempted to pass through the House with a sort
of breathless baste, depending all, as they did, on reports of
frightened Magistrates, and placing no reliance on the good
sense of the people.
Mr. MANSFIELD commented with notch force on the de-
mand now made for a Committee by those who formerly de-
' scril>ed the Reports of the Committees of that House as
merely containing the sentiments of the Aliesister. every syl-
lable of which Ire was then (when such an argument suited
their puspose), supposed to supply. lie described the fatal
consequences resulting from the formation of seditious clubs
throughout the country, and it was to arrest these evils in
then course, that he was disposer] to support the present
measures of Government. To establish their it»p()rtatice to
the country. and the danger which at present extstsd, acid
which they were intended to meet, no enquiry was necessary.
Mr. W. COURTNEY would appeal to the House and to
any rational assembly, if the Meeting at Manchester, con-
stituted as it was now Iselierted to bare been, was consistent
with the forms satectioned by any tiovernment in the civi-
lized world. He colisidered it to hare been a riotous as-
sembly; and if it were so, it was not only competent for the
Magistt as:), to disperse it, but it was their bounden duty to
put it down. This they were enjoined to do by the statute
Under which they acted.- This' position lie supported by a
variety of arguments, inferring, front the conduct of the
leader of the crowd, and from the military insignia displayed,
that the Meeting was decidedly illegal; and that, under all
the circionstatices-of the case, a Parliamentary inquiry could
not he instituted, consists/1141y with the establisheil usages of
the House. That portion of the community which he had the
Honour to represent, he was sore now looked up to Pat lia-
ment, trot for a protracted inquiry into that on which notloolst
could he entertained, but for the enactment of measures suf-
Geiently strong to repress the evil.
Mr. W. LANI 11, on reviewing all the etretonstances of
the, ease, found it absolutely impossible to doubt that inquiry
into what had taken place at Nlancliester ought to be imme-
diately instituted
Mr. LAWSON and Mr. MARTIN opposed the Alstiori.

Lord CASTLEREAGH said, the first question fur the
House to consider was this, whether, admit' ing the danger
to he great at the present moment, it would be wise to resist
all remedial proceedings till the result of a laborious ens
quiry could he lsnown. This was first to be considered, be-
cause bee understood that it was intended all the Bills should
be arrested in their progress, which his ,'Majesty's Minis-
tees had thought it their duty to introduce. Would the
House rescind the cote they had come to on a firmer night,
that the proceedings at Manchester ought only to be en-
quired into in a Court of Justice? If they did this, the
' proceedings of the Committee to Its: appointed ►most truces-
' sadly occupy a considerable time. He shoal(' he happy to
' make• any reAsonable concessions to the Getittensen o?pasite
if he saw any disposition on that side of the House to unite
to sanction measures that were eallial for by the alarming
state of the country ; if they were disposed to give Go-
,
rernment that bona fide support to which, under circum-
stances like the present, be considered tl►em to be fairly
entitled.—(Hear, hear, hear !)—But from the course which
they had taliett on the preceding night, he feared that on
this, as on many other occasions, it would not be possible for
Ministers, in the dis Charge of their duty, to frame their
measures so as to meet with the approbation of the Gentle-
men opposite lie saw on their part the same disposition to
exaggerate the tendency of the Bills proposed to be brought
in, that had been manifested by them at other times when
the country was in a different situation. God forbid that
"...tumid impute to them improper motives—that he should
ascribe to them a sordid ambition for pLieo.—(Hear, hear,
hear!)—He sincerely believed that at this moment they
felt as he did, that office threw on Ministers a heavy
and a severe responsibility from which any man would
gladly he free. But ht., also believed that it was
the conscientious opinbin of the Right Honourable
Gentleman that the country could only be saved toy the
Whip.—(Hear, hear ! and laughter.)—This he had told
them on a former eexasitm. He bad ascribed all the dis-
tresses of the country to the Tories, and added, you now see
to what straits you are real weed through. not trusting; to a
Whig :;dn►inistration.—(He.ir, hear, hear !)—He would
not quarrel with the feelings of the Right Memorable
Gentleman on this subject. He did not doubt but that what
he had said proceeded from a sincere conviction that he
could be of service to his country.—(Hear, hear, hear l")—
But at such a period like this, he thought it was for the Legis-
lature to direct all its efforts to repress the spirit of disatkc-
Hon which had gut abroad, and he thought the Gentlemen
opposite would gain credit with Ilse country, by acting no
the same tecling, and fur once giving their votes in sills-
poi t of the measures of Gneernment, regardless of all other
considerations lint the interest of the country. He should
Lave expected that when seuition was sue active, and when
schemes so wild and so dangerous were cherished and
Ateaupted to be acted upon by the disaffected, that this
would have been the feeling of every rational: man, of reel y
friend to the Constitution. He had been disappointed hy
the conduct of the Gentlemen opposite. Still lie (lid ant
pretend to find them in contact with persons who were in
no way connected with them, but it seemed plain that
they could view the present Nlimiaters only as the enemies of
their country.—(Hear, hear I)—They would prove to them.,
and to the world, that they merited not this character, and
he dutibted net. but saisported by the wisdom, matilistess, and
resolution of the Mews., that they would have the glivai of
raring the country, he would not say in spite of the Whigs,
hut without thena—(llear, hear, bear!)
Mr. TIERNEY said, he never was more surprised in his
ife than to tee callest on to speak this night. The House
was about amicably to separate, when down same the Noble

I. ord with his rant, which it Accost was intended to ;apply a
proper infesion of paste rancour. Doing this, the Non!,
I mat lathed of conciliation, and told the House how well
things would go on, if the Gentlemen on that side of tlie
Hon, would but support the Measures of Ministers. lii
and his friends were spoken of as it they were connected with
the Radicals, though it was well know!' that they were as
much committed against them as the Noble Lord Li!welf.
But the Noble Lord had asserted, that he had said mulling
could save the country hut the Whigs. He had said no such
thing. What be had said on a former night was, that Ihe
Whigs had been out of office for nearly the whole of the last
fifty years—(Hear, hear, hear !'—and he did say, " See what
arc the results of Tory measures."—(Hear, hear, hear ll
He never had said the SlThigs wanted to come into office ;
but he had said, " Look at what has been done by your To-
rics—loolt at the taxes—look at the public expenditure, in-
creased from 15,090,0001. to 60,000,0001." But perhaps it
1 would he said this increase of expenditure bad been accotn-
pained by an increase of wealth and new resources. Such
me; not the case: The Chancellor of the Exchequer had been
compelled to break faith with the public creditor, and to give
up the Sinking Fund ; distress was seen all user the country,
while the i'oors' Rates were at work iii every corner, inces-
santly calling for the interference and revision of that House.
The Papers before the House did not, lie said, justify the
measures now called for. He adverted to the evidence laid
on the table, and contended that the charges applied only to
two counties. The question was, whether the whole of Epg-
hoof was to lye punished for the miscondoct of individuals in
Lancashire and Cheshire. Had the Noble lord proposed s
local and temporary Bill, it might have been entitled to con-
sider:loot); but to call on the House to alter the whole law
of Koeland was going beyond any proceeding coming. from
the worst Goverinnents. ',Het c symptoms of iiniettience
were expressed by the House, in consequence of which Mr.
Tierney said, " I will tell Gentlemen, on my honour, ,f they
persist in coughing, I will speak till three o'clock."") He
was required to say what he would do in the spi, e of COTICI-
- Ile was not prepared to make any statement of what
he would do, but could say what he would not do. He
would lied vote three millions of taxes. The tax urn we,'
had created more disgust in,Yorltshire than any other mea-
slice What,. ver.--'ll,re Lord Liscelles shoot: his head.l—lt
had alienated men's minds. Instead of passing severe laws,
Parliament ceue.tht to go into -inquiry respecting the State of
thetouldsry. _ _

I The tincstion was then loudly called for.—The nowirer.s,
1%1-ere.,

I 5f.)

For the Motion
Agn;ul4 it

Majority
Adjourned at TWO O'CLOCK.
