English intrehant vessel from the harbour. To obtain re-
paration for these various outrages has been the object of
the negotiations entered, into by LordPALMERsToN in 18,35
With the French Government, but which have hitherto, we
believe, not been suceasful. We anticipate, however, that
the questions to be asked on the subject this evening will
thrown additional light on it, and enable us to advert to
it again to-morrow, with increased interest and advantage.

Letters and papers from iildrid of the Ist instant in-
clusive have been received. The debate in the Cortes nn
the new loan was opend on the 30th, and was adjourned
over till the following day, after several Deputies had been
heard for and against it. Among the latter was M. MEN-
DIZABAL, who contended that the current resources of
Spain were adequate to cover the expenses of the war
without an augmentation of the debt. The ex-Minister
was opposed by the present Minister of Finance, M.
MON, who read the following estimate of the present finan-
cial state of the country—a state in which he was prepared
to prove that M. MENDIZABAL himself left on his retire-
ment from the Cabinet : Iti al s.

Arrears due to the British. Auxiliary Legion 20,000,000
Due to the Bank of San Fernando .
To the Royal Family
Floating debt of M. MENDIZABAC3 creation 331,000,000
To meet which he found an empty exchequer, a provincial
revenue forestalled for two years to come, the revenue of
Cuba, Porto Rico, and Manilla, anticipated for a still
longer period— and all this apart from the intere:t
upon the foreign debt, the maintenance of the army,
and the pens'ons due to the regulars of both sexes
who were first robbed of their conventual property, and
afterwards chez:ted of the miserable pittances promised them
by the Government. This is a deplorable picture. Were
the loan realized to-:norrow, it would hardly prove of the
least benefit to Spain, even supposing every rial of it to find
its way into the treasury. But such a miracle would be
more incredible than any related in the pages of the good
Fathers IGNATIUS and RIBEIDINAIRE. Loans in Spain
are debts contracted by the nation for the benefit of " Jacks
in office," royal favourites, and political adventurers. This
has not escaped the attention of the Cortes, for on the 28th,
General SEAONE, moved the adoption of the following
articles as amendments upon the report authorizing the
scheme for the new loan :

" That the new loan be exclusively applied to supply the
necessities of the three armies of operations, viz., pay, shoes,
clothing, living, transports, fortifications, and the vessels em-
ployed on the Cantabrian and Mediterranean coasts, to the ex-
clusion of all arrear salaries or previous contracts.
" That the Government, without the previous authority of
the Cortes, be not permitted to divert a single rial to other
objects, military, civil, administrative, or judicial, under the
most severe responsibility."
We have no news of any interest from the Provinces.
On the night of the 31st ult. a Carlist trincador, laden
with chocolate and clothing, from Bayonne, was captured
by a Christino gunboat off St. Sebastian. The cargo was
valued at 6,000 dollars. On the other hand, a Cabinet
courier was stopped near Burgos by three follows well
armed, and robbed of 10,000 dollars in gold, which he was
charged to deliver to General lalawrE. General O'DoN-
NELL made a reconnoissance of the Carlist garrison of
Vera on the 30th ult. ; and a report prevailed in Bayonne,
on the 23d inst., that it could not hold out more than a
couple of days. The Royal Marine Artillery, headed by
Lord JoHN HAY, accompanied the expedition. General
LATRE, whose wound turns out to be a mere scratch, has
forwarded to Madrid his acceptance of the War Depart-
ment.

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday have all
been received. Their contents arc unimportant. The
Committee appointed to report upon the Canal Project
have decided against that measure as proposed by the
Government. The ministerial Journals are very angry in
consequence, and attribute the efforts of the opposition to
frustrate the designs of the Cabinet to every motive but
such as are presumed to actuate true patriots. The
Chamber of Deputies on Friday passed the Bill for grant-
ing the Minister of the Interior a supplementary secret
service fund for the current year. There is no official in-
telligence in the Moniteur of Friday or Saturday, except
a long report of the Finance Minister, of the Receipts and
Expenditure of France, for the year 1837. From this
document it appears that notwithstanding the expense of
the African expedition, and the marriage of two branches
of the house of Orleans, there remained a surplus of in-
come over the expenditure at the close of the year,
amounting to 5,445,408 francs.
The following are extracts from the Journals:—
The Chamber of Commerce at Havre has addressed to the
President of the Committee appointed to examine the pro-
posal of M. Passy for the abolition of slavery a letter in
which this measure is appreciated with very extensive develop.
ments. The main idea of this letter is, that the emancipation
of the slaves, which the manners of our times so impatiently
demand, would, however, be attended with great inconveni.
cnce, unless the negro population were prepared beforehand to
receive the benefit.
A letter from Burgos, in a Morning Journal, says, that
Espartero had marched by way of Valcarlos to Lerma, and
had left part of his division at Mulgar De Terramenta.
Negri's expedition was, at the same date, near Nubia. The
entrance of the third Carlist expedition into the valley of
rioneal is not confirmed. The Quotidienne itself says, the
news is premature. The same Journal likewise contradicts
the news that Guerque has entered the mountains to act with
a strong column in Castille and the province of Santander.
Gucrque was still with Don Carlos at Estella.—Le Commerce.

FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, Apart 1.
Five per Ceres.. 1)8f. 30c. 45c. 50c. 20c.
Four per Cents., 101 f. 25c.
i-hre • per Cents., 80f. 85c. 80c. 75e.
Bank Actions, 2,700 f.
/tente ,:eNaples, 99f. 90e. 80c.
Roman File per Cents.,
Spanish Actives, 21% 22.
Spanish Passives, 4% 5 4%.
Belgian Bank, 1,150 f. 1,415 f. 1,450 f.
HAVtian Loral. 49151
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 51%.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
Onernonth, paper, 2.5 f. 55c.; money, 251. 52%c
Three mouths, paper, 25f. 40c.; money, 251. 37%c.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 f. 55c.
Three per Cents., 9,,f. 75c.
Tank Actions, 2,7,01.
Romans, 1032 .
Belgian Loan, 101%.
Belgian Bank, 1,430 r.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 2i%.
Hayti in Loan, 41,01.
Spanish Actives, 22.
Spanish Passives, 4%.
DUTCH FUNDS.-AMSTERDAM, APRIL n.
Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 2% per fpnt
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
•mot t :•',vzirlic, 4 per cent 9514 Ir, %
Ditto, ditto, 31,% per cent 7914 79-fi
Commercial Company, per cod 193 1,3
Ditto (4;32 and 1833) 5 per cent. ....... BAN 101
',flan 1N.9.1, ¢ i cr cent.
Ditto 137, 6 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month l2 15
Two months
BELGIAN 1. UNDS-15aussets, APRIL 7.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschlld's Loan, 5 per Cent. lO2
Loan of Thirty Mi11i0n5........ ..........

Loan of City:lB32, 4 per Cent

- . . .
Society of Commerce, 45‘, per Cent 1C1:1
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 144
National Society .
—Brussels Papers, April 7.
HAMBURG. RUMEN HALLE, A PRID .
Bills. Money.
Austrian Metariques, S per cent.
DOI._ ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto vitt° :II per Beat
Liao Bank Shares 1,136 1,04
&uglo-Russian Loan lO5l l' 8%
taper Inscription, 6 per cent
Russian 5 - cents. M - -

pei lets!.t'lt 101%
Russian Inscription, 'lope aNd Co., :Mond 4th
Scrips
ti 7 14 87
Ditto, Certificates
92 PS
rortuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent 0,4
Ditto, 3 per cent.
19
Dutch 3Y2 per Cents.
51
Ditto 5 per Cents

Poh,,h Bonds, 3 per cents.
NANGre,rwgwi
o.Tegiici):ikaninnentivLs.ihaßas:etnrocoarisc
CGS ri
tneeki l'4lP er cents 123313Ec343np,tp guaranteed elr:4.C.cePt:art:c:
e:
:n.:1:1;* '''''' '''''''''''''''' 1116....—C:18°121 ill
:63-7221
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
FiAmnURG, APRIL 3 —l3 10 ; two months, 1383(
ST. PETEESRURGH, MARCH 23,—Three months, 10%.
BERLIN, MARCH 31.—Three menthe. 8.25%,
BREMEN, MARCH '.'o.—Two months GM
—Hamburg Papers, April 3.

The season at the St. James's Theatre will com-
mence on Easter Monday with extraordinary eclat. Mr.
Br sham has secured a perfect phalanx of beauties for the oc
casion, among whom arc Mrs. Honey, ilfrs. Stirling, Miss
Rainsforth, Miss Lee, Miss Williams, and Miss Mordaunt
(sister to Mrs. Nisbett). Mr. Oxberry is also engaged. Mr.
Hooper succeeds Mr. Harley in the management.

His Grace the Duke of Wellington has, we are
assured, consented to conduct the new military commission, to
which the success of the late motion of Lord George Lennox
has given rise, and which, thanks to the perseverance of his
Lordship, will be nominated very shortly. One officer from
each of the corps of the royal marines, artillery, and engineers,
will bo included in it. Colonel Sir Richard Williams,
K. C. 8., is, we are informed, the marine officer whose ser-
vices will bo put in requisition on this occasion. Wo have
not heard on what officers of the artillery and engineers the
choice of Lord John Russell has fallen.— United Service Gaz.

On Tuesday night the Lodge Farm, at Diddle-
bury, in this county, was found to be in flames, and unfortu-
nately was burnt to the ground, together with a large quantity
of stock, six cowa, seven calves, and a quantity of pigs. This
calamitous fire is the work of an incendiary c the premiscs aro
insured.—Hereford Journal.

ELECTION COMIIIITTEES.

(THIS DAY.)

HULL.

The Committee met this morning at ten o'clock.
Richard Cattley, wine and spirit merchant was objected to
as }wing given a bribe.
James Resdale, landlord of the Humber tavern, proved that
on the morning of the election, Mt. Cattley came to his house
and ordered breakfast, and what was neeestary for several
voters. The anicunt of the bill sent i i to Mr. Cattley, was
20/. 7s. 6d. including breakfast, dinner, and spirits.
The evidence of Samuel Cavill, as to the transactions at
Barton, when Mr. Cattloy gave the invitation to the voters,
was taken from the short-hand writer's notes. _

Mr. HILL submitted that in this case it was clearly proved
that Mr. Cattley had given a bribe, which was a disqualifica-
tion under the law of Parliament. Ile also contended that
under the Statute 2 Geo. 11., c. 24, s. 7, the briber and the
bribed stood in the same situation, and cited the Ipswich case
in 1835, when Arthur Bolt Cooke was struck off on the ground
of his having been gulty of bribing other voters.
Mr. WRANGIIAM contended that the Statute of Gco. 11.,
merely applied to proceedings in courts of law for the reco-
very of penalties, and that under the law of Parliament Mr.
Cattley was not disqualified for, giving a bribe. The
Learned Gentleman cited the Bridgewater and Coventry cases
in support of his argument.
Mr. HILt. replied on the cases cited, and the room was then
cleared. On our re-admission,
The CHAIRMAN said the Committee had decided that the
vote of Richard Cattley was a bad vote, and must be struck off.

KINSALE.
The vote of Farley, which was under consideration on
Saturday, had not been decided when our reporter left.

WICKLOW.
The Committee met at eleven o'clock, when Mr. THF.S-
stor.R, for the petitioners (Tories) applied to have the vote of
Michael 133 rne, of Rethangan, struck off the poll on the
ground of insufficient value.
Mr. At'STEN for the sitting Members, opposed the admission
of the objections, and proceeded at great length to argue
against the opening of the Registry—a question which has
been so often and so differently decided in Irish Election
Committees.

[Left sitting.]

HOUSE OF LORDS.-(THIS DAY.)

The Lord Chancellor, Earl Cornwallis, and the Bishop of
Norwich, sat in the House of Lords to-day, to hear Scotch
Appeals.

EWING AND OTHERS V. INGLIS AND OTHERS.
MORRISON AND OTHERS V. INGLIS AND OTHERS.

These cases came before their Lordships upon appeal from
the decision of the Court of Session in Scotland, declaring the
appellants incompetent to sue the respondents. The appel-
lants are rate-payers of the City of Glasgow, and the respon-
dents are the Commissioners of Police of that City. The
appellants being dissatisfied with the resolutions of the Com-
missioners of Police, by which a considerable sum of money was
ordered to be expended for the purpose of opposing a Bill intro-
duced into Parliament by the two subsisting Water Companies
of Glasgow, in order to form those Companies into one, brought,
what in Scotch Law, are called actions of suspension and
interdict, and reduction and repetition against the respon-
dents ; upon these actions coming on before the Lord Ordi-
nary, he decided in favour of the appellants, but upon the case
being brought for revision before the second division of the
Court of Session, their Lordships overruled the decision of the
Lord Ordinary, and declar'ed the appellants incompetent to
sue, and dismissed the action with expenses ; from that decision
the present appeal was brought.
Mr. KNIGIIT BRUCE, and Mr. ROBERTSON, appeared for the
appellants, and Mr. PEMBERTON, and Mr. MACNEIL, were
Counsel for the respondents.
Mr. KNIGHT BRUCE had not concluded his address on be-
half of the appellants when our reporter left.

CRIMINAL COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.
(Before Lord Chief Justice TINDAL. )

The trial sof R. Myers, for arson, was proceeded with.
The evidence for the defence continued.

David Davis deposed that he was in the prisoner's shop,
High-street, shortly before the fire, and there did not appear
to be any remarkable deficiency in the stock.
George Skinner and Elisabeth Wells gave evidence to the
same effect.

William Walters, a town traveller to his brothers, who are
wholesale dealers in lace, ribbons, &c., Wood-street, Cheap-
side, deposed that he dined with the prisoner a few days before
the fire, and the shop appeared to be well stocked. He (wit-
ness) did not observe the plate particularly. He remembers
that he had a silver spoon himself.
Cross-examined by Mr. CLARKSON—I have not been told
that if the prisoner is convicted I should lose my acceunt for
goods I have supplied him with.
George Smith had lodged in the prisoner's house in the
High-street, and deposed that the gas was very liable to escape,
and the gas-fitter had been sent to often on that account.
Mr. Walters recalled—l am not aware the prisoner is of the
Jewish persuasion. I never heard that he was.
Mr. PAYNL (one of the prisoner's Counsel)—l am anxious
that should appear now.
A clerk to Messrs. Morley, and Co., in the city, deposed
that goods to the amount of 991. I2s. 2d. were sent to the pri-
soner's shop, in High. street, after March last year.
Clerks in several mercantile houses were called to prove
that in 1837 the prisoner had largo amounts of stock in the
shop in High.street.

NEW COURT.
(Before Mr. Baron PARKE. )
TRIAL OF T. WILLIAMS, ESQ., OF BRYNBRAS CASTLE,
AND OTHERS, FOR Fottoaay.—Considerable interest was ma-
nifested at the opening of the Court this morning, in conse-
quence of its being announced that one of the Judges would
preside in it to-day for the trial of the above case ; and, at an
early hour, the doors were besieged by persons endeavouring
to obtain admission. Various reasons were assigned for this
departure from the original arrangement ; but we believe it is
becauie the Attorney-General cannot attend the Court after
to-morrow. It is generally thought that the trial will last
three days.
The Recorder held his sittings in the Grand Jury Room,
where he was occupied the greater part of the day in the trial
of petty larceny cases.
Shortly after ten o'clock Mr. Baron Parke took his seat on
the Bench, when
Thomas Williams, Esq., aged 40, _Ellen Evans, 25, and
Ann Williams, 21, were placed at the bar and arraigned for
feloniously uttering a paper writing, purporting to be the will
and codicils of Jones Panton, deceased, with intent to defraud
William Barton Panton, Esq., they well knowing the same
to he forged.
There were several other counts in the indictment, varying
the form, and alleging other intents on the part of the pri-
soners.

The two female prisoners were then put back, and Thomas
Williams was indicted separately for uttering the said paper
writing on the 19th July last, with intent to defraud William
Barton Panton, Esq., and others, well knowing same to be
forged, and on this alone he was put upon his trial.
Sir W. Follett, Mr. Clarkson, Mr. Bodkin, and Mr.
PhiHipps appeared for the prosecutor.
The Attorney-General, Mr. J. Jervis, Mr. Chawell, Mr.
Adolphus, and Mr. Chambers for the defence.
Sir W. FOLLETT stated the case for the prosecution at con-
siderable length, and having detailed the history of the family
into which the prisoner married, he proceeded to state
the various alterations made by the late Mr. Parton
in his testamentary grants, the last of which he said
was made in 1833. The prisoner appeared to be on terms of
the most affectionate intercourse with him, and was present at
his death, which took place in May last. After his decease
the prosecutor, who was named as executor in his father's will,
sent to all the relations to attend the funeral, and amongst
the rest to the prisoner, and after the interment they all pro-
ceeded to the Castle, for the purpose of reading the will, but
as the prisoner had abruptly withdrawn himself, it was not then
read. After the lapse of a few days, the prisoner wrote to
the prosecutor, requesting him to appoint a day to arrange
the affairs of his father-in-law, as the illness of Mrs. Williams
rendered it necessary that he should leave Wales. The
Learned Gentleman then read several letters which
passed between the parties, in none of which the pri-
soner made the slightest allusion to his having a will.
The prisoner's actions appeared to be entirely incon-
sistent with his subsequent conduct and pretensions.
He allowed Mr. Penton to prove the will, and it was not
until he entered a caveat that he made it known that he was in
possession of a will which constituted him sole executor, the
property being bequeathed by it to himself and Mrs. Williams
who was one of the daughters of the deceased. He would
prove that the body of the will was in the hand-writing of the
prisoner, and there were codicils attached to it which would
require the anxious and careful consideration of the Jury. He
would not now stop to discuss the degree of suspicion which
attached to the fact of the will being in the prisoner's hand-
writing, the question which the Jury would have to consider,
was whether the prisoner had not been guilty of a grave offence
by signing the name of " Jones Panton" to that document,
and should they arrive at that conclusion, however painful it
might be, it would be their duty to find the prisoner guilty of
the charge imputed to him by the indictment.
The examination of witnesses was then proceeded with.

--
Lord Bloomfield has accepted the situation of Re-
sident Commandant at Woolwich.—Dublin Paper.
TILE ALR's WIFE.—The publication of this talc
is fixed so as to be issued to the public by the London Book-
sellers and Librarians on Thursday next the 12th inst. The
work will be delivered in Scotland and Ireland, on Saturday
the 14th inst., the appointed agents for which are Messrs.
Bell and Bradfute, Edinburgh ; and Mr. Cumming, Dublin ;
of whom may also be obtained, just published, the New His-
torical Talc of the Reign of Louis XVI., " Count Cagli-
ostro," a work of extraordinary power.—Dispatch.
On Saturday afternoon a jury was empanelled for
the eastern division of Surrey, at the Horse and Groom, Croy-
don Common, for the purpose of instituting an investigation
concerning the death of Charles Ward Nixon, Esq., a gen-
tleman of property and a member of the Society of Friends,
found suspended by the neck from a beam in the washhouse of
his residence, on Croydon Common, on the preceding morn-
ing, It appeared that he had got upon the sink for the pur-
pose of fixing the rope, and that when he jumped off his feet
touched the ground. The deceased had appeared very me-
lancholy and desponding for some time before he committed
the fatal act. The jury returned a verdict of " Temporary
Derangement.'
