BOROUGH OF ST. MAWES.

The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from
some Inhabitants of St. Mawes, praying for protection
against oppression. They stated, that they had been
turned out of their houses for the votes which they had
given at an election. He knew that the Noble Duke
(Buckingham) was incapable of such acts ; but then he
made use of this petition, merely to show that, with re-
spect to boroughs of this kind, Noble Lords were obliged
to act through the medium of agents, and these agents
were often disposed to resort to oppressive acts, which their
principals would never have thought of adopting.
The Duke of HAMILTON presented a petition from
Greenock, on the subject, as we understood, of the West
India Interests.
COLONIAL SLAVERY.
Earl GREY presented five petitions from the cities of
Hereford, Edinburgh, and other places, praying for the
abolition of Colonial Slavery.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM took this occasion to
remark, that few could wish that colonial slavery should
be perpetual, or that it should very long continue to exist.
But at the same time the Government ought to consider
that great and vital interests were to be attended to, and
lie implored them to take the consideration of the state of
the West Indies on themselves, and act on their own re-
sponsibility, and settle the matter without reference to
Committees.

Lord SUFFIELD gave notice, that when arguments
were advanced, and observations made on Occasion of pre-
senting petitions on this subject, he would think himself
bound to answer them as well as he could, if they should
appear to him to require a❑ answer.
Lord GODEIIICH said, when the Noble Duke called
upon the Government to take the matter into its own
hands, anti act on its own responsibility, in order to put an
end to the agitation of the question out of doors, the Noble
Duke might have done the Government the justice to
recollect that it Lad acted on its own responsibility. In
1820, the Government of that period had called upon Par-
liament for its opinion, and for its sanction to certain prin-
ciples to be acted on for the preparation of the colonial
slaves for the ultimate condition of freedom, and a reso-
lution to that effect was passed in the House of Commons,
and subsequently in that House. So far the Government
had taken the opinion of Parliament on the proper princi-
ples of action, and on these principles successive Govern-
ments had acted ; and it was in pursuance of these resolu-
tions, and in execution of these princip!es, that the present
Government had acted, and it had acted to a certain ex-
tent on its own responsibility. Their conduct might be
right or might be wrong ; but they had been disposed to
act on their own responsibility throughout, and had no
desire for the appointment of these Committees. But
still, when they found that many persons, deeply interested
in West India property, were anxious to have Committees,
they thought it their duty to give way. They had en-
deavoured to explain to these persons that they would de-
rive no advantage from the appointment of Committees ;
but as these persons persisted in their desire to have Com-
mittees appointed, the Government had given way to
them, although it was contrary to its own views of what
was most proper to be done. But as these Committees
were appointed, he hoped they would keep in view, that
in the novel circumstances in which the West Indies were
placed, the tendency of things must be to ultimate abo-
lition.

The Marquess of SALISBURY presented a petition
from certain inhabitants of Reigate, praying that it might
be put in schedule A, or that the neighbouring districts
might be added to it.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE moved the thrid reading of the
Zemindar of Nozeed's Creditors Bill.

After some conversation it was arranged, that the case
of the Zemitular of Nezeed should be heard by Counsel on
Woinesday next.
'I HE REFORM BILL.

The Marquess of LANSI)OWNE, on the motion that
the Report be brought up, stated, that by some accident
a petition, which had been agreed to by the inhabitants of
Catoe, had not reached him, or be should now have pre-
sented it. The object of the petition was to show the
reasons on which, as the inhabitants of that town con-
ceived, they were entitled to two representatives. One of
these reasons was, that the assessment of property in 1818
amounted to `26,000/., and had been since increasing.
felt assured, that if he could lac the whole of their
statement before the House, their Lordships would he
convinced, that the borough of Caine was fully entitled to
retain its right to representation.
The Earl of CARNARVON opposed the bringing up
of this Report, and he did it not with any hope of pre-
venting the Report from being brought up, but because
this was the last opportunity he should have of recording
his decided opposition to the Bill. It would .be vain to
divide the Honse upon the quesion, for the most uncon-
stitutional proceedings had reduced the House to a cipher
in this matter; and to divide the House, there ore, would
be a fallacy and a farce. They bad been cmnpelled to re-
ceive
Bill
this Bill ; for, but for the forced secession of Noble
Lo
hbiesen r Bi(ii.jecoted of
I a thei; imloau;rity thoe(thkse
He
said forced secession, because they had no means of secur-
ing their own 'independence but by compromising the in-
h,pendence and security of the Throne itself. Under
these circumstances, he could exercise, with safety to the
country, no other privilege but that of protesting against
this B Having done that, he should take no part
whatever in the third act of the farce, and when it was
brought firo ard, he wished that Noble Norris opposite
would have to address empty benches, at least with the
exception of those they themselves occupied.
The Earl of SUFFOLK wondered that the Noble Earl
could call the carrying of this Bill a farce, when it had
been adopted by two such large miv;:rities of the House of
Commons. In this House, too, 'a
the pats of the Bill
had not been carried alone by the secession of the oppo-
nents of the measure; for Noble LOrds opposite had con-
ceded that the case of the metropolitan districts was fully
node out, and the only alarm they f It, was prospective as
,0 the influence those district's would, in future, possess
over the two Houses of Parliament. The 101. clause, too,
was conceded in like manner not to he too low a qualifica-
tion, and that if it were higher, the people would not be
represented as they ought. These were two of the most
important details of the Bill, neither of which had been
admitted through secession alone.
The Earl of CARNARVON had never meant that the
proceedings of the other House were a farce. God grant
they might not prove a tragedy.
The report was brought up. Several verbal amendments
were agreed to. Among these was one proposA by the
Lori Chanceilor, that the word " great," in ..sue of the
schedules, should precede, instead of follow, the word
Bedwin." As it now stood, the schedule ran thus—
" Bedwin (Great), Yarmouth." In print, that was in-
eligible but in writing out the Bill, as commas
.tol parentheses were never used, the words might be mis-
ipplicd, and " Great" might be affixed to " Yarmouth,"
which would disfranchise Great Yarmouth, though it was
Iv no means their Lordships' intention so to do.
The Amendment was agreed to.

The Marquess of SALISBURY moved that Hedon be
:.ken out of schedule A, and the franchise be extended to
,e neighbouring Hundred of Holderuess.
Lord DURHAM could hardly believe that the Noble

larqu~B3 seriously intended what he now propo,ed.
letlou was an insignificant place, and if the proposition
vere adopted, it would have the effect of giving a Meenher
liolderness, which hail none of the required
lona for such a privilege.
'l' he motion was negatived.

Lord ELLENI3ORoUGIL fir the sake of having hii
,bjec;ion recorded on the Journals, objected to Apple 4
tieing inserted in schedule A. lie proposed to move it
out of that schedule.

The motion was negatived.
Lord KENT ON moved that Amersham be moved fr,im
s,l:eflole Ato schehule B. If this motion were granted,
there was a borough now in schedule B, which he should
propose to move into A.

Lord BOSTON was understood to oppose this motion.
Lord ELLENBOROUGII said, that Westbury and
Midhurst might both be introduced into the schedule.
The LORD CHANCELLOR explained the course
which had been adopted in placing the boroughs of Ap-
pleby and Arnershain in schedule A.

The Amendment was negatived without a division.

A NOBLE MARQUESS moved that all voters of disfran.
chised boroughs should for their lives enjoy the tight of
voting for the ne crest enfranchised place, if within seven
miles, and if beyond seven miles, fur the county.
The Marquess of BUTE supported the motion.
The Duke of RICHMOND opposed the motion, on the
ground that, after disfranchislng the 40s. fieeholders of
Ireland, who were independent, the House could not
re-
fuse to disfranchise voters who were dependent.
After a few words from the Marquess of SA risco r.v in
reply. and from Lord ELLENBOROUGH, the motion was
negatived.

-Lord \VHARNCLIFFE moved that the seltedulr, B I e
omitted.—Negatived without observation.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH moved that Frame, Hodder,-
field, Kidderminster, Tynemouth and South Shield.,, War-
rineton and Whitehaven, should be inserted in the Stdi -
dale I), after Stroud.—Negatived.

Lord WHARNCLIFFkmoved that Chatham and Ro-
chester should conjointly return two Members, instead of
one each. He m iintained that Chatham would, under the.
Bill, be a nomination horiugh.
The Earl of HADDINGTON objected to the motion,
under the apprehension that the respectable c,nstituency
of Rochester would be swamped from Chatham.
Lord DURHAM denied that Chatham would be a Gd-
vernment borough under the Bill.—Negatived.
The Earl of HADDINGTON moved the omission of
schedule E, with a view of inserting a clause conferring a
municipal constitution on the several boroughs enumerated
in schedule E.

The LORD CHANCELLOR opposed the motion
Negatived.

The remaining clauses of the Bill were then gone
through, and agreed to.
On the motion of Earl GREY, the Bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed, and to be read a third time
on Monday.
The Marquess of NORTHAMPTON intimated his in-
tention of proposing a clause on the third reading, to pre-
vent the necessity of Members vacating their seats ou ac-
cepting offices in the Government.

Lord ELLENBOROUGH observed, that this was the
first instance of the new and powerful effect of the new sys-
tem. The law which the Noble Marquess proposed to abro-
eate had existed since the reign of Queen Anne; and their
Lordships well knew how usual it was in tFe Addressee
to their constituents of Members of the House of Com-
mons who were unseated by it, to characterise it a, one
of the most valuable parts of the Constitution. He r.
commended the Noble Marquess to give a distinct notice
of his Motion, as that might have the effect of inducing
the attendance of a number of Noble Lords who would
nut otherwise be present.
Earl GREY recommended the Noble Marquess, instead
of moving his proposition as a clause to the Reform Bill,
to make it the subject of a separate Bil!.

Lord EA,LENBOROUGII concurred in this recom-
mendation.

The Marquess of NORTHAMPTON acquiesced, at d
g:ive notice that he would move for a separate Bill to the
effect which he had described.

On the motion of the Marquess of SALISBURY, their
Lordships were ordered to he summoned for Monduy.
At half-past ten o'clock the House adjourned until to-
morrow (this day).

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 1.

CHARLES BARHAM, Esq., took the oaths and his seat
for the borough of Appleby.
The Deputy Usher of the Black Rod at this time en-
tered, and summoned the House to the bar of the House
of Peers to bear the Royal Assent given by Commission
to several Bills. The Speaker and several Members left,
and upon their return the Right Hon. Gentleman read a
list of the Bills to which the Royal Assent had been given.
For which see the Lords' Report.
Mr. PROTHEROE brought up the Report upon the
Bristol Damages Compensation Bill, which was ordered
to be recommitted.

On the motion of Mr. W. PEET, the Jesus College
(Cambridge) Estate Bill was read a third time.
Colonel EVANS presented petitions from Rye, Brighton,
and Southwark, in favour of Reform, and pra\ ing the
[louse to refuse all further supplies until the Rilorin Bill
I,e passed.

Air. C. CALVERT supported the prayer of the South-
wai k petition, and said, although he had attended every
public meeting in that borough for the last twelvy-five
years, he never attended one so numerous as that at which
this petition was agreed to.
The petitions were ordered to be printed.

Mr. J. SMITH presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Newport Pagnel, praying the House not to
;rant supplies until the Reform BM became law.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the NL-
tional Union of the Working Classes against the Bill brought
in by the Hon. Member for Thetford, for taking
the privilege which Members of Parliament at present
enjoy of not being liable to arrest The petitioners stated
that the Bill wa, never thought of till the people were
ikely to hive representatives of their own ; the
Petitioners thought the matter ought to be withdrawn
At present, and brought forward in a reformed Parliiimnt.
The Hon. Member, in supporting the prayer of the peti-
tion, stited that he should give the Bill his determined

. .
opposition.
Mr. RUTHVEN did not agree with the sentiments
that had just been expressed by the Hon. Member for
Kerry. He thought the Bill ought to be extended to the
House of Peers, and hoped thit some Hon. Member more
competent than himself would introduce a clause
to that effect. If, however, no other Member would
.ake that duty upon him, he certainly should do so.
He trusted also that something would be done to regulate
he right of Peers to vote by proxy.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented three petitions from pa-
rishes in Cavan and Cork, against tithes. The Hnn.
Member stated, that in one of the parishes a church hat
seen built three times in 20 years. The Hon. Member
ilso presented a petition from the citizens of Dublin, agreed
tl at a meeting of 60,000 persons, praying the Horne
,rot to give the care of the public money to any Ministry
,ipposed to Reform or the national will. The 11. a.
Member also presented.a similar petition from Belfast.
Sir R. INGLIS wished to know whit place and under►,
chat circumstances 60,000 persons could have assembled
Jut of a popula'ion of 200,000.
. . .

Mr. H..GRATTAN considered there were at least.
60,000 persons present.
Mr. SHAW had heard it positively stated, by persons
eho were at the meeting, that there were not more than
1000 persons present, and that those chiefly consisteit
.1 ragged boys and old women.—(A laugh.) Zie would
venture to say the lion. Member for Kerry, without tieinfusion and mixing up of questions about time payment of
tithes, and the repeal of the Union, could not get up a
deform meeting at all.

Mr. O'CONNELL observed, that if the Hon. Baronet
tud Learned Recorder wished to have a specimen of Re-
arm meetings in Ireland, he would undertake within a
.vcek to get from 500,000 to 1,000,000 persons together.
l'ho Hon. Member considered the Corporation of Dublin
o be a beggarly and bigoted Corporation.—(A laugh.)
Mr. SHAW denied that the Corporation of Dub-
'in was either beggarly or bigoted. Persons of the first
.tation in Ireland were connected with it.
Mr. H. GRATTAN said that every respectable person
.vas refused to be admitted into that Corporation.
Mr.O'CONNELL observed, that in the Common Coun-
!il of that city, he could point out no less than 19 persons
.vho had been discharged under the Insolvent Debtors' Act.
Mr. O'CONNELL, on presenting a petition from an.
ndividual, said, he wished to know from the Noble Char-
.ellor of the Exchequer whether any arrangement had
ten entered into with the Corporation of Londonderry
,y which the payment of a sum of 15,000 L, due by them
o the Government, was to be thrown upon the public by
icing seemed on the tolls levied at thu bridge there.
Lord ALTHORP said, certainly an arrangement had.een made by which the Corporation were to be allowed
Ant! for the repayment of the money, and it was secured
*von the tolls of the bridge. A lung time had been al-
iwed to elapse without the Corporation being called up,n
•r the money, and they had thought that they would
ear no more of it ; but the peseta Lords of tl.e Treasury
.ad thought it ought to be repaid, they bad made applican

tion, and the result was as he had stated, time was given,
and security upon the tolls taken.
Mr. DAWSON—The Noble Lord had acted very justly
in pursuing the course he had done on this occasion. The
money was borrowed by the Corporation for the purpose of
building this bridge, and certainly it was chargeable for
the repayment of it.
Mr. HUME hoped that the Corporation would not only
have to pay the principal but interest also.
Lord ALTHORP said they would not be put in any
better situation because they had not been called upon by
the former Government for repayment.
Mr. GRATTAN hoped that Government would also
take into con4deration, and try to recover for the inhabi-
tants of Dublin a sum of 76,0001. owing to them by their
Corporation.

11r. STANLEY said, that case hail recently been, and
was still under legal consideration.
Mr. SHAW would merely say. that the Corporation of
Dublin did not owe either to the inhabitants of Dublin or
the Crown one farthing.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, there had been a deal of shuf-
fling by the Learned Recorder on this point, but it was a
fact that a decree had passed against the Corporation for
14,000/. which was not yet paid.
Lord ALTHORP presented a petition from Glasgow,
signed by 57,000 persons, praying the House not to grant
supplies till ti.e Reform Rills were passed into law.
Mr. DUNDAS would take that opportunity of explain-
ing himself upon what had fallen from him on the presen-
tation of a similar petition from Edinburgh. He had then
crated, upon information which he believed, that the meet-
ing from which it emanated had been attended by people
bearing flags and emblems of a very shameful character,—
such as a representation of his Majesty without a head,
&e. He (Mr. Dundas ) had on that occasion naade some
remarks upon the conduct of a Gallant Officer in
.attending a meeting of such a kind. He was now
informed that no such obnoxious banners were exhibited,
at least in the presence of that Gallant Officer. Ile was,
therefore anxious to retract anything which might be cal-
culated to stigmatize that Gentleman. He was strongly
of opinion persons holding commissions in his Majesty's ser-
v e•e should not attend meetings of the kind. He deeply re-
gretted that any thing he had said had been construed
intn an attack on the private character of the Gallant
Officer.

After a desultory discussion between Mr. Gillon,
Mr. Dundas, Mr. Gordon, Sir John Byng, the
Lord Advocate, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Hume, and other
Hon. Members, the petition was ordered to be printed.
Sir R. VYVYAN remarked upon the singular circum-
stance of a Chancellor of the Exchequer presenting a peti-
tion against the granting of any supplies.—(Laughter.)
Lord MILTON observed, that that circumstance showed
the confidence of the people in their Chancellor of the
Exchequer.
The petition was then ordered to lie upon the table.
Upon Lord ALTHORP moving that it be printed,
Captain GORDON begged leave to observe, that after
the conduct which the country had witnessed in the Hon.
Member for Middlesex at public meetings, he (Captain
Gordon) could not hold him to be any judge of what was
.proper or constitutional.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME cared not one pin for what the Hon.
Member for Dundalk might think.—(A laugh.) He
(Mr. Hume) would be contented at being judged by his
country, and if the Hon. Member for Dundalk would be
satisfi.il with the same tribunal he (Mr. Hume) would
readily and fiirly place his opinions in opposition to his.
Mr. GILLON would assert that thete had not been one
recent public meeting in Scot land at which he would not
have been proud to have been present.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME had fifty petitions of the same nature, and
hoped he might be allowed to bring them up.—(Cries of
•' No, n-," from all parts of the House.) He did not
intend to trouble the House with having the petitions
read ; and all he wished was merely to read the
titles of them.—(Cries of " No, no, no.") If the
Chancellor of the Exchequer intended to move for any
supply, he (Mr. Hurne) should certainly think it his duty
to press his petitions, as they all begged the House to
suspend the granting of any money until the Reform Bill
had bee, me the law of the country. Did the Noble Lord
mean to move for any supply ?
Lord ALTHORP undoubtedly intended to move for a
supply in the Committee of 'Ways and Mein.. The Hon.
Metn'-er fur Middlesex knew that upon that evening the
Orders of the Day took precedence of other business, and
he tiusted that lie would desist from pressing his petitions.
Captain GORDON said if the Hon. Member for Mid-
dlesex persisted in pressing his petitions, he (Captain Gor-
don,) should persist in pressing several which he had to

pi went.
Mr. PORTMAN had a pe►ition to present—(Cries of
" No, no.")—lt related to the liberty of the subject, and
it was necessary that it should be laid before the House
in order that justice might he done to an individual. A
person had been imprisoned for six months in the island of
Guernsey, and every legal means had been taken in vain
in order to procure his release. At length a writ of habeas
corpus had been resorted to, and even that had proved in-
effectual. He wished to lay the petition before the House
in order that it might lead to the release of a person de-
tained in confinement.

Lord STORMONT opposed the petition being presented.
Mr. G. LAMB then took the petitio❑ from the Hon.
Member for Dorset.hire, and the subject dropped.

THE CORN LAWS.
Upon Mr. STANLUY'S moving the Order of the Dry fur
the Tithes (Ireland) Committee Breach of Privilege,
Mr. HUME said that before the House proceeded to
the Order of the Day moved by the Right Hon. Irish
Secretary, he felt extremely anxious to put a question to
the Noble Lord (Milton) upon the question of the Corn
Laws. He was induced to ask the Noble Lord whether,
in the present state of the country, he would persist iu his
intention of bringing forward his motion which stood for
Wednesday next ? He would suggest to the Noble Lord
whether, under all the circumstances of the case, it would
not in every respect be better that he should po.tpone his
motion, in order to let the Reform Bill first pass through
that Hot+e?

Lord MILTON spoke in a very low tone of voice from
under the gallery. We understood the Noble Lord to say
that he could not, on any account, suffer his motion to be
deferred.
Mr. JOHN WOOD was well known to be an advocate
for the repeal of the Corn Laws. but he felt convinced that
nothing but injury could accrue to that desirable measure
if the Noble Lord persisted in his intention of bringing
that subject forward this Session. The House was over-
loaded with business, and after so arduous and heavy a
Session, how, he would ask, could it he expected thst
there could be any close attention of Members after they
had got through the Reform Bills ?
Mr. STRUTT approved of postponing the motion.
Mr. J. LINDSAY was extremely anxious to know what
were the intentions of the Noble Lord with respect to the
Cut n Laws. He most sincerely hoped that the Noble Lord
would not accede to the motion of the Hon. M‘imher for
Middlesex. The ease had been extretne'y well got up.
Mr. LITTLETON thought it advisable, under the ex-
isting circumstances of the business of the House, thst the
Noble Lord should not press his motion.
Mr. ti. DOUGLAS wished the subject to be brought
forward, for, as the Noble Lord had entered the notice of
his motion on the papers of the House, it became an object
of great importance to know what were the sentiments of
the Nettle Lord Upon the subject.
Mr. SLANEY was of opinion that it would be extremely
difficult, if not impracticable, to come to a due decision
upon so important a subject at the present moment.
Mr. ROBINSON felt extremely anxious to know whe-
ther the opinion of his Majesty's Ministers upon free trade
were to extend to the trade in cot n.—( Hear. )

Sir IL PRICE wished the motion to be deferred, for
he thought that the question ought to be settled delibe-
rately and fairly, and he as yet had not been able to make
up his mind upon it. From the tone of those Hon. Mem-
bers who had wished the motion not to be deferred, it
was not difficult to perceive the animus with which they
would come to the discussion on the subject. It was nor
whilst the House was in such a temper that a question of
so difficult a nature, and so important in its consequences,
ought to he brought forward.
Sir A. HOPE denied the ex'stence of any animus upon
the subject, and thought that the Noble Lord ought to per•
severe his intentions of bringing it forward.
Mr. W. J. DENISON would request his Noble Friend
to lint off his motion to an early but more convenient op-
portunity. In the present excited time he thought it almost
impossible to come to a fair discussion of the subject.
Sir G. WARRENDER was for having the motiou
postponed. The question ought not to be met as a party
question.
Colonel SIBTHORPE wished to observe, that all arise
who had supported the Reform 11111 would find them-
selves turned nut for any acquiescence in the alteration of
the corn laws. The tanners of England ought to have
an opportunity of seeing which of the Members would sup-
port their interests.
Mr. CAMPBELL totally differed from the Honourable
Member who hail just sat down.
Mr. A. BARING thought that it was impossible that
any thing could be more unjust or more injurious to the
whole country than the course pursued by the Noble Lord,
if, at least. he were to take tlie advice offend to him, and
let the present Parliament hrtak up without coining to some
deciswo upon the u b was itopossible for any of kris

-*,
N

Majesty's Ministers not to be aware of the mischief of put-
ting this question upon the books of the House, and then
not to bring it forward ; for who. would take a farm or
purchase land ? What transaction could there he between
landlord and tenant whilst such a question was hanging over
them ? He would venture to predict, that if the Noble Lord
world bring forward his motion, according to the expecta-
tions he had excited, it would not be discussed in any spirit
of party feelings. In his judgment it would be of all
questions that could possibly be brought forward in
the present Parliament that which would be debated with
the least of party spirit ; aye, with as little of it as any
Turnpike Bill or Road Act. If the reason of deferring
the motion was that the House was on the eve of a disso-
lution, and that it was inconvenient for Hon. Members to
let their constituents know what their sentiments or in-
tentions were, he would say that it was a most unfair, dis-
honest, and hypocritical way of dealing with the people of
England. The people ought to know what were the opi-
nions of Ministers upon the question, and it was unfair to
withhold from them their intentions. As the c Ise at that
moment stood the whole country was absolutely at the
mercy of the Noble Lord as to whether their land was
worth anything or not, whether persons ought to call in
their mortgages, or how they ought to settle their business.
The House had a right to expect that the Noble Lord
would be more explicit upon his intentions.
Mr. COKE addressed the Hone from tinder the distant
angular gallery. The Hon. Member was inaudible to the
reporters. We understood him to say that he approved of
a postponement of the motion of the Noble Lord.
Mr. BARING explaint cl. _ _

Mr. W. WHITMORE said that it was the wish of his
constituents that the question should not be ten discussed.
In his opinion it was by far better that the question should
be allowed to remain as it then stood, until there was a cer-
tainty of bringing it to a conclusion when it was discussed.
Mr. HODGES hoped that the Noble Lord would defer
his motion ; but, whenever the question was brought for-
ward, he, for one, would feel no hesitation in expressing
his opinions.
Lord GEORGE LENNOX thought it evident that
many Hon. Members who had incurred disgrace and
danger by opposing the Reform Bills were now desirous to
curry favour with their constituents by voting against the
trade in corn.

Lord MILTON—I hope that I shall not entirely fail in
satisfying both classes of Gentlemen on this subject.—
(A laugh.) In the first place, I beg to say that I have
never been in the habit of concealing my sentiments on
political subjects, with the view of pleasing any party;
and therefore I do not think that I ought to be accused of
that now. But nevertheless, I conceive that it is not the
duty—perhaps hardly the ri4ht, of any individual to agi-
tate a question in this House, when a great majority of
those whose sentiments are congenial with his own, are
not desirous that it should at that moment be agitated.
In the first place, I shall endeavour to satisfy the Honour-
able Member for Fifeshire, by fully stating to him the
opinion that I entertain us the subject, and the ultimate
object which I have in view, though I am afraid that I
cannot be allowed to state all these arguments which with
me are conclusive in support of that opinion, which I can
assure my Hon. Friend who spoke last, I am not afraid to
proclaim even to my own constituents. It must be in the
recollection of the House that the Parliament and the
country have been agitated by this question for not less
than seventeen years. During that period, time after time,
Corn Bills have been propounded to this House, and each
Ministry have in turn found it to be ultimately
necessary for them to change their opinions, and
to agree in some new system. Without at all
intelding to detract from the abili,ies of my
Right Honouratle Friend, the President of the
Board of Control, I must be allowed to express a doubt
whether he has in this respect been more successful
than his predecessors ; fur I do not believe that the pre-
s• nt Corn Laws are able to stand the test of a serious
and sober examination. For my own part, I believe that
there is a radical defect in those laws; but without enter-
ing into au examination of this length, I am free to state
to the lion. Member for Fifeshire, that my opinion is that
the trade in Corn ought to be free. At the same time, I
am not of opinion that it would be inexpedient to levy a
duty on the importation of Foreign Cot n. I think that a
fixed importation duty would conduce more to the interests
of the farmers and the owners of land than the present
fluctuating duties.—(Hear, 'near.) Let the not, however,
be supposed to be speaking in terms of disparagement of
my Hon. Friend who introduced the present Bill ; for I
think that it was the means of in roducing a great im-
provement in the former Corn system ; it does nor, how-
ever seem to me to place the trade in Foreign Corn on a
footing which can be ultimately adopted by this country.
Hon. Gentlemen hive said that it is impossible to
come to a satisfactory conclusion on this subject during
the present Session of Parliament. In that opinion I en-
tirely concur. It has also been stated by others that at the
present moment it would be impossible to discuss the sub-
ject with that calmness and consideration which the grave-
ness of the subject demands. It is very possible that those
Hon. Gentlemen may he better judges of the matter than
I am ; hut I certainly had flattered myself that this subject
might be discussed without any display of that intemperate
feeling, which is unfortunately at the present moment too
prevalent in this House. It was with that view that I
thought it desirable that, without any final adjudication
of the question an opportunity should be afforded to lion.
Gentlemen to compare the different opinions that were en-
tertained on this subject, and to discuss the various topics
at icing out of it in that spirit which might most tend to
the advantage of the country. Undoubtedly, if such a
prospect cannot be reasonably entertained—it is impos-
sible to Hatter ourselves that such a result will ensue—it
will be far better to leave the subject untouched for a time.
At the same time let me remark that I gave this notice
with the most perfect determination of bringing the ques-
tion forward ; and give me leave also to say, that in my
opinion there is no class of society in this country which
has more interest not only in having the question settled—
but settled likewise in the sense in which I wish to see it
settled—than the tenantry of England. One of the evils
of the present state of things is, that it encourages both
landlords and tenants to indulge in extravagant hopes and
expectations which never can be realized, and the non-re-
alization of which must lead to the ruin of the tenant and the
distress of the landlord. Every Btli thit does not proceed on
sounder principles than the present Corn Bill, is viscious
in its very foundation, and any superstructure that is built
upon it must necessarily defeat the objects that it has in
view. This, Sir, is strictly the view which I take upon
the su ,ject of the Corn Laws. I have not entered into
that view so fully as I could have wished ; but I trust
that I have said enough to set the mind of the lion. Mem-
ber for Fifeshire at rest as to the intentions which I had
on the subject. As to the great mass of consumers in
the country, it cannot be denied that the present Corn
Laws raise the price of provisions here beyond th it which
they bear in any country on the continent : and when we
see the formidable competition which there exists against
our manufactures, I cannot help trembling for their pre-
eminence, if the price of provisions in this country is to
rest at a level so greatly superior to that of foteien nations.
—(Hear, hear.) These, Sir, are the reasons which have
induced me to think that the present Corn Laws are not
advantageous to the country.. Whether, therefore, I con-
sider the question in reference to the manufacturing c'asses
or the agricultural classes, lam satisfied that the Corn
Laws are iejorious to the great bulk of the community;
aad even with respect to the Learned Lord, I doubt whe-
ther they confer so much benefit on him, as it is fancied
that they do ; for though in some instances they procure
for Lim a higher rent, they also necessarily increase all
those other expenses which form with owners of land the
great bulk of their expenditure.
Mr. WESTERN-1 rise to order, Sir. Is the Noble
Lot d making his motion now, or is he not ? I appre •
bend not ; and yet lie is entering on a long train of ar-
guments, 'which, because there is no question before the
House, no one will he flowed to answer.—(Hear, herr.)
For instance, the Noble Lord has told us, that he is for
a free trade in Corn, upon which I would beg to observe
(Order, order)—
The SPEAKER—I am afraid that fie Hon. Member
himself is now about to fall into the same error of which
he accuses the Noble Lot d. After the questions that have
been put to the Noble Lord, it is certainly somewhat diffi-
cult to know exactly where to draw the precise line for
his reply. The Noble Lord has been asked whether he
intended to persevere in his motion for Wednesday next?
Now it is certainly true, that as the motion cannot now
be entertained by the House, it must not be debated by
one side, when the other has no opportunity of replying.
But the N. ble Lord being asked to postpone the motion,
lie certainly wa: at liberty to state whether he would ac-
quiesce in or refuse that request and his reasons for so do-
ing ; but in going beyond that, and in entering on an ar-
gument in reference to the general subject, he certainly
rendered himself liable to the comment of the Honourable
31eniber.

Lori MILTON—I am sorry if I have extended my ob.
servations too far ; but I thought they were called tor by
the remark, that it was desirable that the putlic should
know what my views really were. It may be that I have
entered too touch into argument ; but I am sure that the
flonouraWe Member himself would not have had we
merely dryly state what my motion was to be. I
have, however, now pretty well stated what my
opinions are. Allow me to add, that I consider that our
present Corn Lawss are very injurious to our intercourse
with foreign nations. And now Sir, having responded

to the appeal of the Hon. Member for Fifeshire, I must
now respond to the appeal of those Hon. Gentlemen who
coincide with me in opinion, and who have asked me to
postpone this motion. To a certain extent 1 do agree with
their statements ; for I did, undoubtedly consider that
this would be the means o 1 paving the way for more
active operations next session, and for making those ope-
rations more e:isy of execution. This, Sir, is not a ques-
don that is to be carried by storm. I desire no triumph
of one party over another. What I want to see is this
question settled with the consent of the landed interest.
What I wished was—though perhaps it was a vain wish
on my part—to he an instrument towards inducing all
parties to take a calm and consentaneous view of this
question. Above ali, I deemed it necessary that the agri.
cultural interest should be a consenting part ; because
should be extremely sorry that this question should be set.
'led, so as to leave a sting behind. Pressed, however, as
I have been by different Honourable Friend+ on all sides,
I think that I shall lie showing a greater deference to the
House, is I now declare that I abandon all thoughts of
bringing the question forward during the present session ;
—(Hear, hear)—and allow me to add, that the proba-
bility is, that in so doing I must altogether resign the mo-
tion into hands more competent than mine to do it Justice

A MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, expressed
his astonishment that his Majesty's Government did not
give an opinion upon the ►notion of the Noble Lord.
Lord ALTHORP said that as his Majesty's Govern-
ment did not intend in the present Session to bring for-
ward any measures upon the Corn Laws, it was not in-
cumbent on them to express an opinion. If any motion
had been made upon the subject his Majesty's Govern-
ment would have felt it their duty to have opposed it, but
he did not think the Noble Lord in giving his notice was
out of order.

Lord STORMONT wished to know whether the lion.
Member, who had given notice for a call of the House on
Wednesday next, on the subject of the Coin Laws, in-
tended to persevere in his motion.

Mr. BEST, we understood to say, wished for a full
attendance of the House.
PORTUGAL.

Sir R. VYVYAN wished to ask the Noble Lord oppo-
site a question, as he thought it but right that the
House should be put in possession of the terms upon
which this country stood towards Portugal; and the
question which lie had to put to the Noble Lord was,
whether the fleet which had been sent out to Lisbon had
any instructions to interfere in any of the existing differ-
ences between that country and any other?—(Hear.)
Lord PALMERSTON said that in reply to the ques-
tion of the Hon. Baronet the only answer he had to give
was the same he gave on a former occasion, and which
was, that his Majesty's Government intended to preserve
the strictest neutrality so long as it was preserved by other
Powers ; nor should it be violated until the interests and
liberties of the country demanded it. The instructions
which bad been given to Lord William Russell were in
strict conformity to the intentions of his Majesty's Govern-
ment, and he was persuaded that the House would be
satisfied with that explanation, as it was the only one he
had to give upon that subject.
Mr. ROBINSON wished to he informed by the Noble
Lord whether any of the negotiations with France relative
to British shipping had been brought to any satisfactory
conclusion, for it appeared that in all the French ports
British ships paid a duty of 3s. 6(1. per ton, while French
ships in British ports paid only a tonnage of 7d. or Sd. be-
sides, the French Government charged for lightinc, and it
did not appear that there was a single light from Flushing
to Dunkiik.—([fear.) He conceived that the French
Government was rather tardy in their concessions, and
contrary to the stipulations of 1826.

Load PALMERSTON said that his Majesty's Go-
vernment had adopted the most efficient means to carry
into effect the negotiltions as related to British shipping,
and which would have been long since perfected had it
not been for the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies ;
but, as a preliminary step towards it, a considerable re-
duction of tonnage duties had been made in the port of
Calais. lie was fully aware of the importance of the sub-
ject, and he could assure the lion. Member that his Ma-
jesty's Government would give the subject their immediate
attention.

Sir ROBERT PEEL was anxious to ask the Noble
Lord a question relative to Portugal ; and it was this,
whether, since April, IS3I, any demands had been made
upon that; Government as s itisfaction for injuries sustained,
or compensation for the dismissal of officers ; and whether
these fresh demands were of pecuniary nature ; and if so,
how lately were they made ?—(Hear.)
Lord PALMERSTON said, that about two months
ago some fresh claims had been made on the Portuguese
Government, but those claims were coeval with the prior
claims.

Mr. ROBINSON thought the answer of the Noble
Lord to his question was anything but satisfactory.
Eighteen months ago he gave notice of a motion on the
subject, which at the suggestion of the Noble Lord he
withdrew. The Noble Lord entertained strong hopes that
those negotiations would be brought to a satisfactory issue,
and the arrangment of them appeared to be as distant as
ever. He thought it a very unfair exaction on the part
of the French Government, and he trusted that some
period would be fixed for carrying those ❑egotiations into
effect ; if not, he would feel it is duty to give notice for a
call of the House on the sohjec.. He thought it was a
hard case on British ships to be paying such a duty.
Lord PALNIERSTON said that it was true that the
Hon. Member had agreed to withdraw lilt motion on
that occasion. The fact was, that the two Governments
were equally anxious to conclude the negotiations, which
would have been done had it not been that it was the
opinion of the French Government that they could;not he
carried into effect without their passing a law ; but his
opinion was that a law was not necessary. He had no
doubt that the French Government would affirm the ne-
gotiations the moment they were convinced that they did
not require a I iw to do SO.
Sir it. PEEL observed that as there was a question of
privilege before the House he would not occupy its time,
but he thought the Noble Lord ought to explain the
grounds upon which fresh demands had been made on the
Portuguese Government, and explain the reason why these
demands were made at this period, as it was not quite con-
sistent with the professed neutrality to do so. He would
he glad to know whether his Majesty's Government had
not cognizance of them at the time when the previous
claims were made.

I.3rd PALNIERSTON, in reply, said that these claims
did not then come before Government in such a shape
as they could be laid before the Portuguese Government.
It was not inconsistent with two Governments on terms
of friendship to demand from each other compensation at
any period.

Sir R. PEEL begged to appeal to tie Noble Lord as to
whether at the time those claims were mate was it not
then stated in the documents laid before the House that a
general review was made of all claims of this Government
upon the Portuguese, and it was con-idered that the claim
then made was the ultimatum of all ?

Some observations were made by Sir H. VYVYAN and
Lord PA LMERSTON which \vete inaudible.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.

Mr. STANLEY moved the Order of the Day. He
said that it was not his intention to take any further steps
as regarded the lire ,ch of privilege which had been com-
mitted, except to show the House that no effort on his
part was wanting to ascertain by what means it had oc-
curred. Fur the satisfaction of the House he thought it
necessary to call all the officers who were in any wiy re-
sponsible tor the distribution of the papers of that House.
The first person he proposed to call was Mr. Witham,
the clerk of the Committee.

Mr. Witham was clerk to the Committee on the Irish
Tithes. On the 14th of May he received the report in
question from the Chairman of that Committee, which he
sent in the usual way to the Issrnal-offire to be printed,
and received through that office twenty-four printed
copies, twenty of which he put in envelopes, and directed
them to the Members of the Committee. Two he kept
for the Chairman, and two for himself, one of which he
I lispowi of by the directions of the Chairman. He gave
the twenty which he had sealed up, and directed for the
Members, to a porter of the name of Reece, to be taken to
Mr. Bellamy, the under-doorkeeper, to have them distri-
hotel. Mt. Lefroy subsequently informed him that he
had not received his copy. He then made inquiry from
Mr. Bellamy, and learned that they had been given by
him to a porter of the name of Butler. He sent far
Butler, and tie appeared to be di unk. Butler was not
employed by him. It was Mr. Bellamy that engaged him,
whose duty it was to distribute Parliamentary Papers.
Examined by several INlEmßEns—When Mr. Lefroy
told him that he had not received his copy, he asked
Butler, the porter, the reason, who replied that he had
delivered all the copi, s he had got.
Mr. Bull, of the Journal-office, was called in—He re-
ceived the number which be ordered to be printed flow
Mr. Hansard ; they were folded up in one parcel, and he
sent them to Mr. Witham,theclerk of the Committee.

_ ......
The next witness was Mr. Hansard, the printer, wh,
stated that the draught of the report was sent to his office
on Monday, the 14th of May, about noon. The number of
ordered was twenty-four. He printed thirty. lie
copiessent the twenty-four, and kept the extra six fur any Mew
bets which might be added to the Committee. The twenty
four he sent sealed up in a parcel directed to Mr. Witham;
the s x be still retaish:ti, ant: were then in his posse:4i( n,
and untler lack awl key, and in perfect security. It will

impossible for any of them to have got into circulation. It
vas impossible to obtain a copy of the report even surrep-
•itinusly.
Mr. Bellamy, the lower doorkeeper, got the twenty
copies of the report from the 1 ist witness. It was in the
evening that they were sent to him. When lie got them
he locked them up, iind delivered them to the porters for
distribution in the morning. He had five porters ; each
had a separate district ; he gave the twenty copies amongst
them according to their districts. All the porters were
under his control. For misconduct he sometimes suspends
them.—(A laugh.) Butler got whatever might have been
for delivery in his district. The copies of the report, from
the time he received them, remained under lock and key
till he delivered them to the porters for distribution. But-
ler was a person of good character, but rather addicted to
drinking.—(A diugh.)
Mr. STANLEY did not think it necessary to call any
new witnesses. It was evident from the examination that
they hat no means of ascertaining how the report got into
circulation. It was quite clear, the fault was between
Butler and Bellamy. He was of opinion that some re-
medy ought to be applied, and it was for the House to
consider what that remedy should be.
The SPEAKER sail the present mode was full of
danger, which he thought could only be obviated by di-
recting every paper of that description to remain with the
clerk until called for by the Members of the Committee,
and if Hon. Members would do so he had no doubt but it
would remedy the evil.
Mr. STANLEY hoped that the plan suggested by the
Right Hon. the Speaker would be adopted.
Lord ALTHORP made a few observations, but in so
low a tone of voice that we could not accurately gather the
effect of the Noble Lord's statement.

After a few words from Mr. BARING,
Mr. SHAW held in his hand a petition from Mr. Sheehan,
in which that Gentleman, in transmitting the account of
the Tithe Committee to Ireland, said he was not aware
that he was guilty of a breach of the privileges of this
House. The offence of Mr. Sheehan was merely an act of
inadvertence, for which he should not be severely punished.
The petition of Mr. Sheeha❑ was then brought up aid
read.

Sir C. WETHERELL said no proof had been offered
that the report published by Mr. Sheehan was surrepti-
tiously obtained, or that he bad acted in any way which
would disgrace a perf ct man of honour.
After a few words from Mr. Stanley, Sir C. Wetherell,
Lord AlthoT, Mr. C. Wynn, Mr. O'Connell, Captain
Gordon, Mr. Leader, and Sir H. Hardinge, Mr. Sheehan
was called in and discharged.
