SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

(FROM LINO D'S.)
DEAL, Aun. 20. —Wind S. to N„ a light breeze.—Arrived
the Jessie, Creighton, from Alicant, for Newca:Ale ; Hannibal,
Hartle, from Corfu, for Hull; and Mary, Sanderson, from Brigh-
ton, for Leaham.

PORTSMOUTH, Aua. 20. —Wind N. by E. to W., fine.—
Sailed his Majesty's ship Rolla, for the eastward; and Canada,
Britton, for New York.
PLYMOUTH, Am. 19. —Wind N.N.W.

FALMOUTH, AUG. 9.—Wind N. N. E. to N. N. W., mode-
rate breezes and cloudy.—Arrived the Reindeer packet from
Halifax—sailed 29th July; and James, Wallace, from Smyrna.
ST. Ivas, Auo. 19.—Arrived off port the John Guise,
M'Fee, from St. Petersburgh.

BRISTOL, Ara. 20. Arrived the Brack, Thompson,
Voyager, Grozier, and Catherine, Stothard, from Archangel.
GLOUCESTER, AUG. 19.—Arrived the Oswens, from Arch-
angel.
LIVERPOOL, AUG. 19.—Arrived the Sarah, Denniston, from
Demerara; Superior, Anderson, from Archangel; Minerva,
Williamson, from St. Petersburg ; and Gulthe, Erickson,
from Keil. The Euphrates, bound to Calcutta, in dropping
down the river, got in contact with the Sarah, from Deme-
rara, carried away her bob-stays, and stove in cat-head and
covering-boards.
WATERFORD, Aug. 18.—Arrived the Rapid, Miller, from
London.

CORK,. AUG. 18.—Arrived the St. George, Garnett, from
Jamaica and Cuba ; and Ursula, Joblin, from London.
Men EBUCTO, Jui,vl6.—The Henrietta, Leslie, hence to
Liverpool, which got on shore on the South reef, in proceed-
ing to sea on the 25th ult., has been condemned and sold with
her cargo.

The Sarah spoke a fishing boat in the Channel which re-
ported that an inward bound barque, supposed from the West
Indies, was on shore on the Wicklow Bank.

The Hall, Hughes, had discharged about half her cargo at
the Cape of Good Hope on the 11th of June, and was caulk-
ing her upper works. Her mainmast had been conde►rned.

DINNER TO EARL GREY.

A meeting of the friends and admirers of Earl Grey is to
be held to-day, to consider of the propriety of inviting that
distinguished individual to a public dinner in this city, as a
mark of the gratitude of the inhabitants for his unequalled
services in the cause of civil and religious freedom, and of the
deep respect which they entertain of his character as a man.
That will, indeed, be a proud day for Edinburgh, in which she
can boast of having, as her guest Charles Grey, the consistent
and enlightened Minister, under whose auspices her citizens
first became possessed of the privileges and influence of free-
men. Few, indeed, of our public men are blessed with such a
combination of moral worth and intellectual greatness ; and it
is gratifying to find, from the profound respect universally
entertained for him, that the public is so capable of appreciat-
ing these invaluable qualities. We trust that nothing will
occur to prevent Edinburgh honouring herself and his Lord-
ship in the manner proposed. We are sure he would here
meet with a welcome of the most cordial description.
Since writing the above the meeting has taken place in the
Waterloo Hotel, the Lord Provost in the chair, attended by a
number of the most respectable and intelligent citizens of
Edinburgh ; at which resolutions were unanimously passed to
present an address to Earl Grey, expressive of respect and ad-
miration of his conduct as a statesman, and requesting him to
accept of a public dinner in Edinburgh, any day during the
present autumn that may be convenient to his Lordship.
It is confidently expected that Earl Grey will accede to
this request, constituting, as it will, a national tribute from
Scotland. There is also reason to hope that the Lord Chan-
cellor, Mr. Charles Grant, Earl Fitzwilliam, Mr. Abercromby,
Mr. Ellice, the Attorney-General, and a number of other
distinguished public characters will be present, and it is proba-
ble that this will prove the grandest public festival of the
kind that ever occurred in Scotland, not even excepting the
great dinner given to Mr. Brougham, and it is certainly in ad-
mirable taste at the present moment, when Lord Grey has
just retired from public life. —Edinburgh Chronicle.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The Havre packet, Henry the Fourth, from New York,
sailed 24th July, has arrived at the above port, but she does
not bring any news of importance from the United States.
The exchange had receded about 4 per cent. For the last
eight days, no business of consequence had been done. Cot-
tons maintained their prices. Stock on hand, 9,000 bales.
The advices from the South bring the same firmness in the
prices. _ _

According to accounts from Bayonne, it appears that Don
Carlos was at Segura with four battalions ; and the whole
of the faction, with their chiefs, Zumalacarreguy and Za-
vala, were posted from Mondragon to Onate and Cegama,
wai. ing the arrival of an expected steamer with muskets, which
were to be disembarked near Lequertio, which was still in pos-
session of the Carlists.

By the Halifax mail, arrived this morning by the Reindeer,
sailed on the 24th July, papers have been received at the North
and South American Coffeehouse to the above date.

( From the Papers of the 28th July. )
WEST INDIES.—We learn by a recent arrival from Jamaica,
and Barbadoes, and other parts of the West Indies, that great
apprehensions were entertained for the effect upon the blacks
of the change to take place in August, from a state of slavery
to that of apprenticeship, with which they are much dissatisfied.
CHOLERA AT QUEBEC.—WC lament to learn that the cho-
lera has again made its appearance there ; the greatest num-
ber of cases are said to be in the most filthy parts of the city.
An address from the Wesleyan Ministers of Nova Scotia
was presented to his Excellency on the 19th of July ; his Ex-
cellency answered it by stating, that he sincerely trusted that
the depression of trade, which at present prevailed so generally
in the province, was only temporary ; that other countries have
fully experienced the same.
