EGYPT.

ALEXANDRIA, FEB. 16.
If the least attack is made on Egypt, Mehemet will oppcue
force by force, should he and all his family perish in the strug-
gle.."
Many persons consider the warlike preparations Win
Mehemet is making as a feint, but they are greatly in error.
He is taking every precautionary measure to repel an attack
he is concentrating large bodies of troops in Eypt and Syria.
and he has sent orders to the different corps in the Hedjas and
Yemen to return to Egypt immediately ; every point suscep-
tible of defence has been or is being fortified, and everything
announces an energetic resolution to resist till death. The
sailors of the twn fleets can be relied on, for the attachment of
the Turks for Mehemet increases daily. The greater part 01
the officers belonging to the Turkish fleet went spontaneon4lY
few days back to the Pasha, to solicit being attached to his 'ser-
vice. This certainly does not seem to savour of defection.
The monstrous project of an Anglo-Russian alliance on the
Eastern question, seems so irrational that it
meets with little
credit.

PERSIA.
According to the last advices from Persia, received in the
Turkish capital via Trebisond, it would appear that the French
officers enlisted in the service of the Schah by Hussein Khan,
had little reason to be satisfied with the reception given them
on their arrival in Teheran, and that they would have already
set out on their return to France, if they had not deemed it ad-
visable to await the arrival of M. de Sercey, their Ambassador,
through whose interference they hoped to obtain at least the
payment of the arrears due to them. M. de Sercey had been
received in the most brilliant manner by Hafiz Pasha on his
arrival at Erzeroum. All the troops of the garrison were un.
der arms, and the Ambassador was accompanied to his palace
by the military band. Hafiz Pasha presented him, on his de-
parture, with 15 fine Ara'sian horses. It appears certain that
the wife of a Frenchman of the suite of Hussein Pasha died at
Tabriz of :he brutal treatment she had experienced from the
Persian Ambassador.

The British Legation continued to reside at Erzeroum. Co'
lone' Shed would, it was thought, be appointed Minister Ple-
nipotentiary of England to the Court of the Schah.
The Zibayiski Tidjiaret steamer, which had last arrived from
Trebisond, was immediately put into quarantine in consequence
of the plague having manifested itself in that city on the lith
of January.
The Semaphore de Marseilles contains a paragraph which
we shall here introduce, and which, although brief, merits par-
ticular attention. It states that the Russians were making
immense preparations at Odessa, and freighting a great nun',
ber of transports. A strong division of Russian troops had
crossed the Caspian Sea, and been landed at Asterabad, on the
Persian territory, with the sanction of the Schah. It was
thought that this corps would march thence against Khiva.

POLITICAL SUMMARY OF 1105

MORNING JOURNALS.

The Morning Post of this day, speaking again of the Privi-
lege question, says The privilege question, to which so
much time, that might have been better employed, has been
devoted by the House of Commons, since the commencement
of the session, although not yet in the state we could desire, is
certainly placed in a less unsatisfactory position than before by
the proceedings of Friday night. And, if that Honourable As-
sembly have not got quite into the right road, it is gored to find,
from its most recent proceedings, that, at least, a visible ap-
proximation towards the right road has been made."
The Morning herald recurs to the Privilege ques •
Lion in the following terms:—" The 'tyrant ma-
jority' is doing what we always anticipated it would.
be compelled to do, eating its leek' with due discretion and
diligence. But although the said ' leek' is wrapped up very
neatly in a legislative bill, it is not eaten without much awkwari
gesticulation, and many wry faces. Lord John Russell puts g 5:
smirking and jaunty an air on his humiliation as he can. Being
pretty well accustomed to take a beating with as little wincing
as possible, lie resigns, not his office and salary, but himself and
privilege to the laughter of the world. As to Sir Robert
Peel, he suffers for the company he has chosen. He endeavours
to take his share of the degradation which 'is divided among
them, with elaborate composure, not sufficient, however, to
conceal the chagrin of conscious defeat, which ' looks and sighs
unutterable things.' "—The Morning Advertiser thus alludes
biiefly to the subject of the Coin-laws :—" Of all the classes in
the country who will benefit by a repeal of the Corn-laws, the
working class will benefit the most ; and of all the enermeo'
falsehoods which have emanated from the Landocrat factieo,
there is none half so huge as the assertion that cheap
bread will lower wages."—The Morning Chronicle.. allud"
ing to a petition to the House of Commons from the
Guardians of the Bolton Union, for the immediate and total
repeal of the Corn-laws, observes :—" The Bolton Guardians
have just seen that which all other guardians of the mono 11114
also see, if they also look. They have seen the corn lY
at the bottom of the labourer's privations. They have found it
diminishing the amount of his wages, and diminishing the size
of his loaf. They have, therefore, petitioned Parliament on
behalf of both classes of their clients—the ground-down
payers and ground-down receivers of the poor's-rate.
I'o do the like will well become all faithful guat•dian'
of the parish purse and of the parish poor. "—Tlh4
Times reaaults in a leadieg article on the subject of copt:
holds :—" One of the grievances conjured up of late years, is
that said to arise from copyhold tenure, a tenure possessing COn:
sideeable advantages, in which the poor cottager partielpates
in the ease and cheapness with which the title is investigated or
the property transferred from hand to hand."

AGRICULTURAL PEI'ORT FOR WEST CUM
RE MLA N D. —Within the last fortnight a most important change
has talen place in the weather, from extreme wetness to pierc-
ing frost, without a,y of the common attendant—hoar-frost;
and so far, without snow below the mountain peaks. We havet
gone over a few wheat fields of various soils this week, and net
without apprehensions of evil—the moisture in the drier sous
being frczc out, and leaving the earth so loose that. the plants
in late sown fields seem to have very little root hold, and the
lively green has changed to a sickly dun. Should the drv.fros
continue without a covering of snow the effect may be.dil3s-
trous. The strong soils do not seem to be so loose, and Or,
plants are firmer in the ground, but very sickly in colour, an
in need of a snow blanket.—Carlisle Journal.
Her Majesty has been pleased to appoint Ali'.
J. Storey Penleaze to be British Consul at Amsterdam.
THE AUSTRALIAN GOLDEN FLEECE.--Th
was in the year 1812 that Mr. John APArthur had consigir"
to him a number of merino sheep. By a singular coincidence;
these were conveyed out by the ship Argo, and the conse-
quences that have followed seemed to have realised the fable of
the golden fleece, for such has been the rapid increase in the
exports of fine wool, the produce of these flocks, that froth
92,4151b5, imported in 1820, the ouani itv last year had increased
to 7,o6o,s2slbs.—Australian Chronicle.
Sir John and Lady Williams pave a grand din'
ner in Grosvenor-square on Friday evening, to Lord and Lady
Holland, Lord and Lady Clarendon, Lord ana Lady ICP k erit
ale; and the Rev. Sydney Smith. The Learned Judgelp
town on Saturday for the circuit.

EVJENENG EDITION

COURT CIRCULAR.

Her Maj'sty and Prilice Albert, and tEe Queen Dow-
ager, attended Divine service yesterday morning in the
Chapel Royal, St. James's.
The Sermon was preached by the Bishop of Peter-
borough, from St. Matthew, chap. iv, ver. 1. The Les-
sons were read by the Rev. Mr. Povah, the Prayers by the
Rev. Mr. Haden, and the Communion Service by the
Bishop of London and the Rev. Messrs. Povah and Haden.
The Chaunt was by Henley ; the Musical Service in F,
Narcs; a.id the Communion Service, Sanctus, and Re-
fponscs, Hawes. The Anthem " God is our hope and
strength" (Dr. Greene), the verses sung by Messrs.
Wyld and Horncastle. The whole of the first part of the
Service was accompanied on the organ by Mr. Cooper,
Jun., and the Anthem by Mr. J. B. Sale.
The Rer. J. Vane was the Deputy Clerk of the Closet
in Waiting. In the Royal Suite were Lady Barham, Lady
Fanny Howard, lion. Miss Lister, Hon. Miss Murray,
Lord Lilford, Colonel Wemyss, Colonel Wylde, and Mr.
Seymour.

Her Majesty and Prince Albert returned with their
Suite in lour of the Royal carriages to Buckingham Palace
Her Majesty the Queen Dowager was attended by
Lady Frances Clinton,: [lon. Miss Mitchell, and Earl Howe.
Her Majesty and Prince Albert, accompanied by the
Hereditary Prince of Saxe Coburg .Gotha, took an airing
yesterday afternoon in au ,pen carriage and four.
Viscount Melbourne and Lord Hill had audiences of the
Queen et. saturd,y.
"I tie Royal dinner party on Saturday evening included
Viscount Melbourne, -Viscount 13,,ringdon, Lord and Lady
Barham, Right Hon. George Stevens Bung, Hon. W.
Fox Strangways, General the Hon. A. Upton, Colonel
and Lady Macy F.sl, and Mr. George Edward Anson.
The band of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards at.
tended during the evening at the Palace.
Addresses of Congratulation to his Royal Highness
Prince Albert, on bi, marriage, were prevented on Satur-
day, at Buckingham Palace, to his Royal Highness, by the
following gentlemen :
Mr. How, Ma; or of Shrewsbury, accompanied by Mr.
Harwood, the Recorder, and 1)3 Sir Richard Jenkins,
G. C. 8., and Mr. Slaney, the Members for Shrewsbury,
from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town of
Shrewsbury.
Lord Worsley, from the iklqor, Aldermen, Burgesses,
and other Inhabitants of Grimsby.
Easthope, M.P., and Mr. Wynn Ellis, M.P., from
Leicester.
Duke of Beaufort and Mr. Franklyn, Mayor of Bristol,
from the Town Council of Bristol ; also from the Society
of Merchant Venturers in the city of Bristol.
HRight Hon. The Sir George Grey, Bart, and Mr.
enl'utnell, M.P., from Devonport.
The Earl of Warwick, and Lord Leigh, from Learning-
tot,.

. The Mayor, from Newcastle-on- Tyne.
Sir John Rae Reid, Bart., from the Bank of England.
The Marquis of Westminster, from Chester.
The Right Hon. J. Planta, from Hastings, and St.
Leonard's-on- Sea.
The Mayor, from Winchester.
Mr. Vivian, M. P., from Truro.
Lord Morpeth, from Doncaster.
The Mayor, from Reading.
The Rector and Churchwardens, from the Parish of
St. James's, Westminster.

The Right Hoa. Edward Ellice, from Coventry.
Lord Holland, from Kensington.
Sir John Seale, Bart, M.P., from Dartmouth.
General Viscount Beresford, from the States of the
Island of Jersey.
Lieut.-Colonel Paget, from Beaumaris.
His Royal Highness Prince Albert was attended by the
following Officers of his Household :—Mr. George Ed-
ward Anson, Treasurer; Viscount Boringdon, Gentleman
'of the Bedchamb• r ; Colonel Wylde, Equerry; and Mr.
Seymour, Groom of the Bedchamber.
At the Queen's Levee, on Friday, Sir Moses Monte-
fibre, F. R. S., was presented to her Majesty by his Grace
the Duke of Norfolk, on his return from a tour in the
Holy Land, and to accompany an Address of Congratula-
tion to her Majesty from the British Jews, and also to
accompany an Address of Congratulation from the Inha-
bitants of Ramsgate and St. Laurence. The latter Ad-
dress was presented by the Rev. G. W. Sicklemore, Vicar
of St. Laurence, Captain E. Hodges, Dr. Canham, Mr.
R. Tornson, jun., and Mr. Austen.
Mr. Laurie and Sir John Gibbons, Bart., presented an
Address of Congratulation to the Queen at the Levee from
the Magistrates of Middlesex.
Addresses of Congratulation to her Royal Highness the
Duchess of Kent, on the auspicious occasion of the mar-
riage of her Majesty, were presented to her Royal High-
ness the Duchess of Kent, at Buckingham Palace, from the
following places :
From Wallingford, presented by Mr. Blackstone, M. P.
From the Bank of England, presented by Sir John Rae
Reid, M. P., Governor ; Mr. John Henry Pell y, Deputy
Governor ; and Messrs. T. A. Curtis, and W. R. Robin.
son, Directors.

From Truro, presented by Mr. J. Ennis Vivian, M. P.
From Newcastle-upon-Tyne, presented by the Mayor.
From Shrewsbury, presented by the Mayor.
From Chester, presented by the Mayor of Chester, ac-
companied by the Marquis of Westminster and Mr. John
Jervis, M.P.
From St. James's parish, presented by the Rev. Mr.
Ward, the Rector, the Churchwardens, the Hon. Frederick
Byng, and Mr. Maule, and a Deputation.
From Winchester, presented by the Mayor.
From Kensington, presented by Lord Holland, Arch-
deacon Potts and Sir James Macgregor.
From Dartmouth, presented by the Mayor, accompanied
by Sir John Seale, Bart. M. P., Mr. Stafford Carey, the
•Recorder, and Mr. Seale.
From Dartmouth Hardness.
From Hastings, from St. Leonard's-on-Sea, and from
the Queen's St. Leonard's Archers—presented by the
Mayor of Hastings, Mr. Holland, M.P., and the night
Hon. Joseph Planta.
From Devonport—presented by the Right Hon. Sir
George Grey, Bart. M. P, and Mr. Henry Tuffuell, M.P.
From Stonehouse East, Devonshire—presented by Cap-
tain Foote.

From Coventry, presented by the Right Hon. Edward
Ellice.

From the Mayor, Aldermen, Council, and Inhabitants
of the Borough of Beaumaris—presented by Lieut.-Col.
Paget.

'Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent was attended,
during the presentation of these Addresses, by Lady
Fanny Howard, Lady in Waiting, and Colonel Couper,
C. 8., First Equerry and Comptroller of her Royal High-
ness's Household.

Her Majesty the Queen Dowager rode out on horse-
back in the Parks on Saturday morning.
The Duke of Cambridge returned to town at six
o'clock on Saturday evening from a visit to the Duke of
Rutland, at his seat, Belvoir Castle.
The Duchess of Cambridge visited her Majesty the
Queen Dowager, on Saturday, at Marlborough House.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess
Augusta of Cambridge, attended Divine Service yester-
day morning in Grosvenor Chapel. Miss Kerr and Baron
Knesebeck was in waiting on their Royal Highnesses.
The Duke of Sussex visited the Princess Augusta on
Friday at Clarence House, St. James's. The Duke of
Cambridge visited her Royal Highness yesterday.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at
the Foreign office.
The Council sat three hours.
Baron Brunow, the Russian Minister, on a special
mission, had an interview with Lord John Ruesell, on Sa-
turday, at the Colonial-office.
Despatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-
office from Sir Howard Douglas, the Lord High Com-
missioner of the lodm Wands.
Sir John Scale had an interview with Viscount Mel-
bourne on Thursday.

The Earl and Countess Minto received his
Excellency Baron Bulow, Earl of Carlisle and Lady Elizabeth
Howard, Earl of Shelburne, Viscountess flowick, Lord and
Lady Seymour, Lord Boringdon, Mr. C. Wood, and a select
circle, at dinner, on Friday evening, at the Admiralty.
The opulent It ussian grandee, Count D'Orm-
doff, has arrived at Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square, from
Paris.

Lord Prudhoe has arrived in Whitehall-gardens,
from. Stant-, ick Park, his scat, near Richmond, Yorkshire.
The Earl and Countess of Warwick, accom-
panied by Lord Brooke, have arrived at their town residence in
Carlton gardens, from Warwick Castle, for the season.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Downshire
intend to remain in HiMho:oll,4h Castle until after Easter, and
then return to town for the season. The family mansion in
Hanover-square is undergoing some internal improvements dur-
nig the absence of the family.
The Marquis rind Marchioness of Abercorn, ac-
companied by the Duchess Dowager of Bedford and Lady
Georgiana Russell ar exp,ted at their ❑ew maniiiin, Dudley
House, Park-la-e, at the close of the next week, from Baron's
Court, Tyrone, for the season.
The Duke of Beaufort will leave Beaufort House
to-morrow, on his return to Badminton, where the Duke and
Duchess intend to reside until Easter.
The Earl of Jer.,ev's fourth son, the Hon. Lieu-
tenaLt Francis Robert Villiers, of the 23d Fusiliers, has been
appointed junior aide-de-camp to Lieutenant-General Sir Colin
Campbell, K.C.8., Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia.
Lord BurOiersh and Lord Salconn will preside
at the approaching dinners of the Melodists' Club.
The Countess of Glengall has a soiree, this
evening, at the family mansion in Upper Brook-street.
. The Duke of Devonshire will give a grand en-
tertainment on Tuesday, the 17th inst., to his Royal High-
ness the Duke of Sussex. His Grace has invited a numerous
circle to meet the Royal Duke.
The Marchioness of Lansdowne hasissued cards
of invitation for an assembly at Lansdowne House, on Thurs-
day, the 19i.h inst.

Lord and Lady Lyndhurst had a distinguished
Party at dinner on Saturday last, at their mansion in George_
street, Ilanover-Nuare.
The Earl of Belfast, Vice-Chamberlain, has left
town to join the Countess and family at Leamington Spa, where
they have been residing for some months past for the benefit of
the waters.

Vi,eau
nt and Viscountess HohnesdDle are pass-
ing the season at his Lordship's hunting box, Wellesbourne, in
Warwickshire.
PRINTED PAPERS BILL (PRIVILEGE Q. UES-
P"). —This Bill, which stands for a second reading this even-
ing, is intended to remove the obstructions that have arisen or
may arise to the publication of Parliamentary Reports, Votes,
°r Proceedings, and is applicable alike to both Houses of Par-
liament. The Bill, after stating in the preamble the inconve-
nience to which the House of Commons had been subjected by
the late proceedings in civil Cour, s, enacts that it shall be law-
ful for the defendant sued on account of the publication of any
Parliamentary papers to deliver at the office of the Court of
Law in which the suit has commenced, a certificate under the
hand of the Lord Chancellor or the Speaker of the House of
Commons, or of certain other officers of either House, stating
that such proceedings have commenced for the publication of
such papers ; and after the delivery of such certificate all pro-
ceedings shall be finally eoncluded'and superseded by authority
of this Act. The Bill is retrospective
asre&ards the proccied-
ings against Hansard and Co., and provides
that it shall not
affect the privileges of Parliament.

LATEST NEWS FROM AMERICA.

By the arrival at Liver Tool of the Rochester, Captain
Woodhouse, we have received Nem York Papers to the
6th utt.—two days later than the Journals brought by the
South America, together with intelligence from Canada
and Texas. The most important feature in these Journals
is the message of Governor Porter to the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, recommending that body not to pass an
early resumption of specie payments' Bill, which was well
received by the democratic party. The Governor had
wisely made provision for paying the interest upon tile
public debt at home and abroad, to the general satisfaction
of the mercantile interest. We recommend the perusal of
the Message to all who take an interest in the question of
the monetary embarrassments of the United States.
A measure for the consolidation of State debts was
engaging the attention of the Congress at Washington.
The Maine boundary question appeared for the moment
forgotten.

The Legislature of Ohio has adopted two resolutions
which are sufficiently disgraceful to the boasted civilization
and intelligence of that assembly. The first recognizes
slavery as a domestic institution of that State; the second
denounces as dangerous and immoral (I) the interference
of the fanatical abolitionists of the north with the insti-
tution of slavery 1 These resolutions will not, we trust,
escape the notice of the British abolitionists.
There was but little business doing in *all-street in
Bills on England, at the sailing of the Rocilester. The
rate of Exchange was quoted at 8 and 81 per cent. pre.

RATE OF SALES AT NEW YORK MONEY
MARKET, FEB 5.

250 shares United States Bank sn w 70
10 ... do.
Sb ... do. North American Trust and Banking C 0....... 40
200 ... do.
73 ... do. Delaware and Hudson.... s nxt wk 68
6 ... do. Merchants Bank 6l
60 ... do. Phenix Bank 79,

do. Dry Dock Bank ...... ...,......

37 ... do. American Exchange Bank 7B
25 ... do. Mechanics' Banking Ass
50 ... do. Kentucky Bank 5O
20 ... do. Canton Co., Baltimore 2B
35 ... do. Stonington R. R..
50 ... do. Harlem Railroad..
50 ... do. ...... ...do..

b 45 43
b3O 43

IMPORTANT FROM H ARRISBURGH.
(From the Kiladelphia North American.)
We received at half-past one o'clock this morning the western
mail, containing the proceedings at thrrisburgh on Saturday.
Below will be found the message of the Governor, in which
he deprecates the passage of an early resumption bill. Several
leading members of the democratic party in both houses ex-
pressed themselves in accordance wth his views. Immediately
on reading the message in the house, Mr. M'Elwen offered a
joint resolution, declaring that the holders of loans on which
the interest has not been paid shall receive interest on the
amount clue as interest and unpaid, at the rate of five per cent.
per annum.

On this a debate sprung up, in which Messrs. Hopkins,
Speaker, Snowden, Chairman of the Committee on Banks,
and others expressed their determination to sustain the views
of the Executive.

" GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
" To THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF

THE CO3I3IONWEALTH Or PENNSYLVANIA.
" Gentlemen—l3y the provisions of the Act approved on the
23d ult., entitled An Act to Authorize a Loan,' the Governor
is authorised to negotiate a permanent loan for $870,000. He
is also authorised to negotiate a temporary loan for the same sum
in anticipation of said permanent loan.
As $600,000 of the sum authorised to be borrowed is re-
quired to supply a deficit in the internal improvement fund, for
the payment of interest this day due, I directed the Secretary
of the Commonwealth immediately on the approval of said Act
(on the 23d ult. ) to write to the Banks of Philadelphia and the
Harrisburgh Bark, inquiring of each of them whether they
would agree to make a permanent or temporary loan to the
Commonwealth of $600,000, or asiy part thereof, upon the
terms specified in the said Act, the same to be placed to her
credit in the Bank of Pennsylvania on this (lay.
" Answers have been received from all the banks. The
Bank of Pennsylvania purposes to lend on temporary loan
$lOO,OOO. Some of the others offer to take proportional parts
on certain contingencies, and several others appear to manifest
a desire to meet the contingencies, but have not the ability.
Copies of the correspondence on the subject are herewith
transmits ed.

" It will be perceived that, not having the means so to do,
the interest this day due by the Commonwealth to her cre-
ditors is unpaid, a circumstance which the Executive, anxious
as he has been for maintaining unsullied the credit of
the Commonwealth, has been unable to avert. I cannot
too often or too impressively urge upon the Legislature the
paramount duty of maintaining at all hazards the public faith
and credit. Whilst urging upon them the adoption 44 such
wise and judicious enactments as may prevent the recurrence
inevitable from the revulsion grov, ing out of the unnatural
and exhausted system of credit with which our business com-
munity has been inflated, I beg leave to recommend, as the
best alternative which can present itself, the passage forthwl th
of a joint resolution authorizing the issuing of state stock for the
interest falling due this day, to be delivered t i the holders of the
stock for the amount due to them respectively, as an earnest of
our determination to make provision as soon as the necessary
legislation can be had to meet the exigency and redeem the
credit of the commonwealth.

" I trust I may be excused in this communication for saying
to the representatives of the people in the Legislature, that
whilst they owe a duty to the wants and wishes of their imme •
diate constituents there is a paramount duty to the common-
wealth at large—to maintain its credit, to meet its engagements
—and to prevent its character for good faith from being sul-
lied. No man, were he concerned alone as an individual,
would go further to fix an early day for the resumption
of specie payments by the banks than I would, if
by so doing the desirable results would be produced.
But placed as I am, as the executive of the common-
wealth, to preside over her interests, I feel bound to say, re-
gardless of any denunciation which may be poured forth from
any quarter, that I believe if too vigorous a system of mea-
sures be adopted to coerce the payment of the liabilities of the
banks immediately, the credit of the State must and will be
seriously and disastrously affected. Let an assurance be given
that on a certain and fixed day, within a reasonable time, such
resumption will take place, and that it will then be permanent ;
let them understand that the indulgence to their debtors by the
banks is rendered absolutely necessary by the existing pressure
and the cumbrous public debt with which the State is loaded,
and no one can doubt, but that in a spirit of patriotic liberality,
they will waive the immediate exercise of a positive right, for
the more certain and ultimate accomplishment of what we all
so much desire. 1 refer to the message communicated to you
at the commencement of the present Session for my views in
detail ; and, aware of the responsibility I have assumed, I leave
the subject to the calm and reflecting consideration of the Legis-
lature.
'• When I took upon me the duties of the station assigned
me, I assumed all its responsibilities also ; and having never
shrunk from the performance of any duty, I have felt myself
imperatively called upon to make this communication to Noll
in the fullest confidence and belief that the patriotism and good
sense of our common constituents will bear u 3 out in our honest
and anxious endeavours to extricate the State from the financial
difficulties and embarrassments encountered on entering upon
the discharge of our public duties.
" Feb. 1, 1840. "DAVID R. PORTER."

(From the New York Star.)
While on the subject of Pennsylvania banks, our attention
has been directed to the Bank Commissioners' Report in this
State.

The most important fact that this report developer is, that
since January 1, 1839, or rather since October, 1839, the loans
of all the banks of this State have been contracted, to the
amount of 20,000,000 of dollars, and in this city alone
9,000,000 ! Here we have the secret of the pressure—the
severe distress—the many suspensions and insolvencies which
have of late shaken our commercial prosperity to its centre.
In 1837 oer banks suspended—were the first to suspend—and
made all other banks in the Union follow. The Legislatm e,
looking at the urgency of the case, allowed them to go on under
a just protective policy. They discounted liberally—business
continued brisk—credit was sustained—great part of our foreign
debt was paid by our crops, and in time our banks resumed—
too prematurely, we admit, but they did resume. When, from
consequences of this premature resumption, the Philadelphia
banks and other banks throughout the Union were compelled
again to suspend specie payment, our money changers, to
whom specie payments were valuable and available at that
time, cried out, " No suspension," " Sustain the honour of
the banks," " Take their charters from them if they sus-
pend—no matter whom they ruin—down with them if they
suspend." These were not Locofoco cries,—they came from
the bankers and brokers; those who applauded suspension in
1837 demanded resumption in 1838, when they had gold to sell,
and would not permit it in 1819 and 1840, because it might
hurt the sale of their stocks in London. 'Their cries were re-
sponded to at the seat of Government, men in power sustained
them, and said to the banks, " Pay out, pay out." They did
so--we all set up a shout of the honour of New York banks
and the bankruptcy of Pennsylvania. 'The consequences are
seen by the report of the Commissioners-20,000,000 cut off
from the trade and commerce of New York, and the circula-
tion equivalent nearly to the specie in their vaults. This is hard
money currency with a vengeance. Banks chartered to serve
the people caking in their issues and contracting discounts to
the amount of 20,000,000. When will this state cut loose
from speculating politijans, foreign bankers, and mete money
changers, who seem to have so touch weight and authority in
public affairs ?

UPPER CANADA.
It appears from returns made to the Provincial Parliament,
that the expenses attending the trial and imprisonment of the
prisoners taken at Prescott were 2,1031. 15s. 4d.
Besides this, there were various items of secret service mo-
ney, &c., to coniderzble amounts; and the House of Assem-
bly has passed a bi:l appropriating 40,0001. ($160,000) for the
indemnification of parties who sustained losses in the rebellion
and invasions.

On the night of January 22, three soldiers deserted from Kin-
gston, and, after wandering for some time in the• woods, suppos-
ing- they had reached the States, entered a tavern where a
picket was stationed, and were of course inAantly made pri-
soners. The tavern is in fact but a few yards from the line,
on the Canada side.

A letter from Port Sarnia, River St. Clear, dated January
21, and published in the Toronto Patriot, states, that on the
night before a party of four privates and a sergeant of the
United States army, from Fort Gratiot, crossed over to Point
Edward, in pursu►t of a deserter. Findi►.g him in a fishing
shanty, they seized him, and were about taking him back to the
Fort, when they were arrested by the guard stationed at the
point, who took them to P•-rt Sarnia, whence they were sent
off prisoners to head-quarters. The officer commanding at Fort
Gratiot sent to demand them, but before his messenger arrived
they were already on their march. if this story is true we shall
probably hear more of it.

TEXAS.
Galveston papers to the 21st of January have been received
at New Orleans. A charter for a real estate bank has been
introduced into the Texan Congress, and was expected to pass.
Letters from Houston, of the 6th, disprove, or at least dis•
credit, the report that Alatamoras had been taken by the Fe-
deralists and Texan volunteers.' On the contrary, it is now
said that they had been parleying with the Mexican General,
and so losing time, which President Bustamente employed
in forivarding reinforcements and money to pay the troops,
and in himself hastening to the rescue. The Texan navy is
laid up in ordinary for the present. It is stated that twelve
naval
forthcoming, officers have resigned ; perhaps because the pay is not

DEATH OF LADY WYNFORD —Her Ladyship
expired at Leesons, the seat of Lord Wynford, near Chiselhurst,
on Thursday last. Her Ladyship was born 25th March,
1763, wai second daughter of Jerome Knapp, and was married
to Lord 11Tynford 6th May, 1794.

DEATH OF LADY ALICIA HOPE.—We re-
gr2t to announce the demise of Lady Alicia Hope, at the villa
of the Noble Earl, her brother, at Barnes, on 'I hursday even-
ing.. Her Ladyship was the eldest daughter of the late Earl of
Hopetcun, better known as the distinguished General Sir John
Hope, and was in her 18th year. Lady Alicia's sister, Lady
Jane Hope; media 1633, at the age of ten.

LI TERATURE.

THE PATHFINDER-_3 Vols.
Bentley, London, 1840
In the character of the " Pathfinder," the hero of
this tale, we recognize an old acquaintance, who figures
as " Leather-stocking" in the " Pioneers," and as
" Hawk-eye" in the " Last of the Mohicans." Mr.
Cooper here represents him in love—a somewhat diffi-
cult task, considering the peculiar idiosyncracy of the
rude, semi-civilized back-woodsman ; but instead of
failing, as he seems to have apprehended he should do,
he has acquitted himself with signal success. Inte-
resting as he is in all the phases of his character,
the Pathfinder is especially so when under the influ-
ence of his passion for pretty Mabel Dunham, for it
brings out the subtler, more refined, and recondite
points of his nature—his perfect disinterestedness, his
ucconscious magnanimity, and those habits of original
thinking which have been fostered and matured by a
life of comparative solitude among the American
forests. At the opening of the tale, we find him await-
ing in a small log-hut the arrival of a party, consisting
of Mabel Dunham, and her uncle Cap, a bluff
dogmatical old English sailor, who has bean sent
by the young girl's father to escort her to a sort
of frontier-post or fort, where Sergeant Dunham ,
happens to be on duty with his regiment. Asso-
ciated with the Pathfinder in this errand, is a spirited
youth, Jasper Western, with whom Mabel very soon
contrives to fill in love ; it so chanced, however, that
her father had previously designed her hand for his
friend the Pathfinder, who had, on one occasion, saved
his life when he was attacked by the Indian tribe
of the Mingos ; but the noble-minded fellow, on
being made acquainted with the girl's preference for
Jasper, surrenders all his own claims, and insists on her
mars) kg the man of her choice. Such is a slight sketch
of the plot of this story, which is remarkably simple in
its construction, and contains no one incident—how-
ever startling some of them may be—which we cannot
easily imagine to be in perfect accordance with a life
spent among the American lakes and forests, as in the
case of the Pathfinder. The personages of the narrative
are discriminated with even more than the author's usual
clicity. 'I he obstinate, opiniated sailor Cap, who, from
having so often crossed the Atlantic in storm and sunshine,
treats with sovereign contempt the notion that Lake
Ontario can be any thing better than a large mill-pond,
and who doubts whether it. can -even show a billow
twelve inches high ;—the drawing of this character
evinces a nice observation of the foibles of human na-
ture as modified by particular pursuits ; nor are less
skill and acuteness shown in the sketch—or rather
outline—of the rigid, precise, and methodical
Sergeant Dunham, who on all matters of mi-
litary discipline is quite a martinet, scouting
the idea that feeling should ever be allowed to
interfere with duty. Between this kind-hearted, but
somewhat stiff-necked old soldier, and his brother-in-
law, Cap, several amusing and pertinent dialogues occur,
which have much of the archness and bonhommie of
Scott. But the Pathfinder is the gem of the tale.
He is kept constantly in the foreground—is sin-
gularly exuberant of speech, and ever in action ;
yet we never tire of him ; but, on the contrary; feel
that a light has vanished from our path the instant he
quits the scene. The descriptions of American scenery
are as fresh as if each had been penned on the spot under
the immediate influence of the feelings it was so well cal-
culated to excite ; but still, able as these sketches are,
we have ra her too much of them, and should have been
glad, had they been subjected to a severe process of cur-
tailment. Of the incidents, the most striking and dra-
matically told, is the escape of the Pathfinder and his
party by night from the Mingos, who are close on their
trail, as they make their way through the woods to the
fort on Lake Ontario.

TRAVELS IN KOORDISTAN, 6,c. 2 VoLs.

Bendel', London, 1840.
The author of these volumes of travels is Mr. Baillie
Fraser, whose romantic tale of the " Kuzzilbash” which
appeared about ten years since, attracted much atten-
tion by its oriental sketches, and the perfect know-
ledge of every-day life in the East which it displayed.
In his present work the author travels over much of the
same ground which he has already described in his Ro-
mance, and furnishes us with lively details respecting
the least known parts of Koordistan and Mesopotamia,
together with minute sketches of the character and
manners of the Koordish and Arab tribes. He left
Tabaeez, it seems, which is one of the principal cities of
Persia, and of which he speaks in the warmest terms of
praise, for the general salubrity of its climate, for the plain
of Oroornia, and then setout for the countryof the Koords,
passing in his road, at no great distance from the lofty and
almost inaccessible mountains of Jewar, " where," he
tells us, " there exists a population of Nestorian Chris-
tians, who have lived there for ages, and are said to be
the descendants, of certain Christians of Mesopatamia,
who fled to this difficult region for refuge from the per-
secutions of Jovian. They amount to better than four-
teen thousand families, who constitute a sort of com-
monwealth of their own, separate from the rest of the
world, and who yield neither obedience nor tribute to
any foreign authority, and though professing, as some
say, a nominal adherence to the head of the Hak-
karee Koords, who lives at Julamerick, are, in
reality, subject to none but their own chief or
chiefs. The principal of these chiefs, who are
patriarchs or bishops, resides generally in the monastery
of Kojanues, and maintains great state. He exercises
a p,rfect authority over his subjects, both in spiritual
and temporal affairs. These people are represented as
rich, and living in great comfort ; they are particularly
jealous of their freedom and very able to defend it, for
they are brave and resolute, have twelve thousand
capital musketeers, and a particularly defensible country,
being a cluster of lofty mountains, intersected by deep
ravines and frightful chasms." On the character of
the Koordish tribes, Mr. Fraser enters at con-
siderable length, observing that they are probably the
descendants of those who flourished in the days of
Cyrus and Zenophon, of Julian and Heraclius. He
was struck also with their resemblance to the Scottish
Highlanders ; and adds, " like them, the Koords are
divided into clans and septs, acknowledging the supre-
macy of chiefs, who are regarded with as much de-
votion, and followed with the same blind zeal ; and
all on the same grounds, protection, and kindness
in return for fealty and service. They are proud,
haughty, and overbearing, exactly in proportion to
their ignorance ; and, like our Highlanders of old,
despise more or less all arts but those of war and plun-
der, all professions but those of arms." Few eastern
cities fill a larger space in the imagination than Bag-
dad. It, is associated with some of our most cherished
historical and romantic recollections. We think of
it as the great seat of the Caliphate ; as the
head-quarters of Saracenic literature and science ;
and, above all, as the favourite abode of the im-
mortal Haroun Al-Raschid. the hero of the " Ara-
bian Nights." But, alas, .4 how are the mighty
fallen !" This famous city is now little better than a
heap of ruins. Plague, pestilence, and famine ; the
inundations of the Tigris ; and, worst of all, the ravages
of war, and the exactions of tyrant Paellas ;—the opera-
tions of these combined causes have reduced Bagdad to a
state of perfect insignificance, and when our author
visited it—which was soon after the last great plague
in 1831, which for some days destroyed upwards of four
thousand people a-day—he found it, he says, " com-
paratively speakinc,, a ruin and a desert." We have
been much gratified with the observant and good-
humoured spirit that characterizes Mr. Fraser's vo-
lumes, and particularly with the goad sense of his
remarks whlie exploring the ruins of Babylon.

GRANT'S LONDON JOURNAL.
Conducted by the Author of" Random Recollections."
Lonuon, George Berger.

A press of Parliamentary and other matter has
hitherto prevented us from introducing this new can-
didate for public favour, to the notice of our readers.
The first Number appeared in the first week of the year,
and the expectations of an interesting cheap publication,
which we were then led to form, have been abundantly
realized by every successive number. It bears some
resemblance in its plan, appearance, and objects, to
Chamber's Edinburgh Journal, but has several features
peculiar to itself. Among these -we may mention, that
each number, under the head of " Portraits of Public
Characters," contains a sketch of some individual of
eminence, written in the same style as the author's
" Random Recollections of the Lords and Commons."
The general character and objects of Grants London
Journal, arc thus stated in the opening number :
" It is because we regard a cheap periodical, when under
the guidance of a sound judgment and right principles, as
a moral ana intellectual engine of incalculable power,
that we have ventured to add another to the number of
these publicationg already existing. We aim at the ac-
complishment of high moral purposes. We seek to better
the condition, mentally and physically, of the masses of
mankind. We do not enter the field as the rival of any
of the existing publications; we are only desirous of co-
operating with them in the effort to instruct the minds
and improve the condition of our fellow-men. Even
supposing our success should far surpass our largest ex-
pectations, it will not be at the expense of any other si-
milar periodical. Wo do not believe that our journal
will displace a single copy of any of our contemporaries,
Whatever expectation of success we may entertain, arc
grounded exclusively on the hope of being able in some
cases to obtain access to new readers, and in others, to be
received into favour, in conjunction with similar publica-
tions."

In the opening Number there is an article, under the
head of " Cheap Periodical Literature," in which there
is much information of an interesting kind. Speaking of
the influence which the leading cheap publications must
have on the public mind, and especially referrin,, to
" Chambers' Journal," the " Penny Magazine," and the
" Saturday Magazine," Mr. Grant says—

" One important feature has, from the first up to the
present moment, characterised the contents of each of
these publications ; they have severally been conducted on
strictly moral principles. They have also severally aimed
at combining utility with amusement. Who can calculate
the amount of moral and social good which must have been
produced by the conjoint agency of three such powerful
engines, operating on the public mind for nearly ten years,
without the intermission of a single week; and extensively
