ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

The Anti-Slavery Society have published an appeal con
tabling a mass of evidence as to the operation of the presen
law for the abolition of slavery in the colonies of Great
Britain, and particularly in the West Indies. The object
of this appeal is to show that the present law, particularly
that part of it which recognises the principle of apprentice-
ship, is defective in its operation, and subversive of the end
which the Government and the nation had in view. After
slating many cases in which the oppression of the appren-
tices was made out by competent witnesses, and other facts
of importance were proved, the pamphlet to which we al-
lude proceeds as follows :
" The following has been received from a "Jamaica Magi-
strate since these sheets have been in the _press :
" I now forward a few cases, out of the many atrocious
acts brought before me, during a short part of the time that
I administered justice in parish, from which you can
make any extracts that may be necessary, to stimulate the
many to exertion, who imagine they have done all that is
requisite for the long-suffering and still hourly injured negro.
Let the abolitionists but know that their work is only in
part accomplished. To stop now would be to sanction the
numerous acts of oppression and injustice the poor appren-
tices are doomed to undergo, and that too, be it understood,
for a longer period than the law contemplates ; as the Busba
magistrates (that is, those in the interest of the planters)
can condemn (and it is too frequently done) the apprentices
to make up any lost time to their masters, even beyond and
after the Ist of August 1840, under that vile clause of the
Abolition Act by which the master escapes justice, although
the apprentice is amenable to all its severity. So that the
old law is carried prospectively into the new, against the
apprentice."

•' Another letter, only just received from Berbice, writ-
ten by a gentleman who has been long resident here, con-
cludes thus :---‘ It appears to me that the great object is,
to get all they can from the blood and muscles of these poor
people during the years of apprenticeship. Do exert your-
self to get rid of the apprenticeship system ; if it continues
these poor people will be so emaciated with stripes and hard
labour, that they will be worth nothing.' "

It is now, horiever, time to turn our attention to the
character and conduct which these greatly oppressed people
have maintained, under all the cruelties and hardships which
are so frequently inflicted upon them, notwithstandinT the
enormous sacrifice which has been made in the hope of pro-
curing for them the blessings of freedom.
IV.—EXTRACTS RELATIVE TO THE CONDUCT Or THE
