TO A DISCERNING PUBLIC !

THE following are a few of the many really
CHEAP GOODS, that will he offered for Sue
at the extensive «'arehous•-s of W. E. SCOTT, ALBION
HOUSE, 21 and 22, SHOREDITCH.—PIease observe
he numbers. s. d.
Ell wide Super Calico
Stout Shirting
5 4the Sheeting
Fast Colour 7-Bth Prints 0 24
Town ditto
Welsh Flannel ....
Very durable 0 10i
Very fine
Capital 4.4 th Line❑ Sheeting
Two and half yards wide
689 Full Siz- Plaid Cloaks
553 Cloth ditto , ID 6
700 Pair Blankets (very cheap) from
Black Bombazine, from

Very durable
Black and Coloured Gros de Naples and Lute-
strings, in great variety, from
4.4 th Black Crapes, from (per yard)
659 Rich Thibet Shawls, at
worth
A choke assortment of Printei Caclimere and
Woollen Shaw's, each
20 R :es of Irish Linen, beg inn.ng at 51, suitable
for Siiirtine, warranted__ 0 91
Woollen Drape!), in all its rarious Brancv•es.
N.B.—The Cheapest Home in the Trade for Ha-
berda.hery.

MILITARY AND NAVAL FLOGGING.-A
very numerous and resreetahle meeting took place
in the assembly-room of the Mechanics' Institu•
tion, Circus street, Nsttv 'road, for the purpose of
taking into considerat'on measures to adopt for entirely
ab dishing military and naval flogging. Mr. James Hicks,
of John-street, Eapware.road, was unanimously voted in
the chair. Ale:ander Somerville addressed the assembh,
at consid.xabh, length, in which he described the debasing
system of Pigging as an eye witness, and was beard with
loud reclamation.. Various other gentlemen addressed
:lie meeting, after which resolutions were unanimously
carried, and subscriptions entered into, fix assisting in
accomplishing their intended object. The meeting then
separated.

FIRES IN WYMONDHAM.—One of the most
distressing scenes that we have ever yet had to record in
this county occurred on Monday night last at Wyrnond-
ham. The farming premises of Mr. Robert Rix, those of
Mr. John Spruce, and those of Mr. R .bert Miller were
all blazing at the same time. Mr. Spruce's and Mr. Mil-
ler's fat ms joined, and it is not positively known whether
they were both set on fire, or whether the flames from one
communicated with the other. The fire on Mr. Rix'-
' premises was first seen by a woman, and she says by the
light of the blaze, she saw two risen in the stack-yard, and
saw them run away. The fires continued to rake, and
the barn, stables, and out-buildings, with the stacks of
hay and corn standing in the stack-yards; were all con-
sumed. Three men have been apprehended on suspicion,
an i are remanded for tut titer examination. Wymondharn
has been for some weeks in a state of excitement, occa-
sione I, as it is said, by sonic recent alteration in the regu•
I,tioni for the poor, and although there have never been
fires here before, three polic,anen have been sent for, and
have been in the town a fortnight or three weeks ; this,
it seems, has given great off-nce to the people, and meet-
ings have lately been held (some clandestinely and others
openly) amongst the woe king people respecting these
mat te rs. —Norfolk Chronicle.
By a letter from Paris of Thursday's date, it
seems that some of the leading French capitalists who have
connected themselves very extensively with financial ope-
rations for the Spanish Government under the late King,
are placed in a very awkward dilemma. Those operations,
as all who take an interest in the matter will probably
recollect, were directed to the negotiation and bringing
into circulation a very large amount of old dormant Spanish
stock of various descriptions, the effect of which was to
en file Ferdinand to go on without acknowledgment of the
just demands upon hint under the Cortex loans. Now
that Spain, under the government of the Queen, is enter•
ing on a wore liberal course, it has become an affair of po-
licy, almost of necessity, that those loans should be recoe-
ii tied and in some way provided fur. This the capitalists
in question very deafly perceive, and that they have only
to obtain, what there would not be the least difficulty in
doing, same repre,entatien front their own Government
on the subject, to lead to an immediate arrangement in
the business. They have seen, however, by the report of
Martinez, the Finance Minister, made before Ferdinand's
death, which moreover told them nothing they did not
verb well know before, that an effectual arrangement can-
not be made for the Cortes debt without a national bank-
ruptcy, and a sort of '6 equitable adjustment " for the
whole debt of Spain, and the consequence to them is,
which gives rise to their present dilemma, that they would
lose as much by their old contracts with the Spanish Go.
vernment as they are likely to gain by any new arrange-
ment fur the Cortes debt. This cannot, however, lie a
permanent obstacle to the adjustment of a claim so indis-
putable, and which must perplex all the movements of
the new Government until it is disposed of.

" Whereas an Act bath been passed by his Majesty,
with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and
temporal, and Commons, in the Parliament of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland assembled, for the
abolition of slavery throughout the Briti:h colonies, for
promoting the industry of the manumitted slaves, and for
cornoenaating the persons hitherto entitled to the services
of such slaves;
" And whereas it bath appeared to his Majesty expe-
dient to adopt the most effectual measures for preventing
any misapprehension which might arise amongst any class
of his Majesty's-faithful subjects in the colonies aforesaid
respecting the effect of the said Act, and for allaying any
excitement which might thereby he produced ; his Maj-sty
doth therefore hereby proclaim and make known to all
his Majesty's subjects inhabiting the said colonies, an 4
to all others whom it doth or may concern, that,
until the first day of August, which will be in the
year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-f ur, the
laws at present in force in such colonies respectively
f.r the government of the slaves therein will remain
in full force and effect unaltered. By the said first day of
August, one thousand eight hundred and th;rry-fhur, all
persons who shall then be duly registered as sl,yes in such
respective colonies, and who shall then be actually within
the same, and who shall be of the full age of six years or
upwards, will, by force and virtue of the said Act of Par-
liament, become apprenticed labourers in the service of
the persons previously entitled to their services as slaves,
and that the apprenticeship of such labourers will termi-
nate on the first day of August, 1834, or on the first day
of August, 1838, according to the nature and description
of the employment in which such labourers shall be seve-
rally engaged, as in the said Act set forth. And that
such apprenticed labourers will, during such their ap-
prenticeships, he bound by law to labour in the service of
their respective employers on such terms and conditions,
and for such limited periods of time, as by the sib] Act of
Parli iment, or as by Acts hereafter to be made and
passed in such colonies respectively, are or shat be pre-
scribed in that behalf. And his Majesty doth further
proclaim and make known, that, subject to such appren-
ticeship as aferesaid, all persons wbo, on the said first day
of August, 1834, shall Le holden in shivery within any
of the colonies aforesaid, will upon and from that day be
absolutely and for ever manumitted and set free; and
that from the said first day of August, 1934, slavery is
and will be alsolished and unlawful throughout the said
colonies.

" And his Majesty doth further declare and make
known that his Majesty bath, in pursuance of the powers
in him vested by the said Act of Parliament, constituted
and appointed the Commissioners therein mentioned for
awarding to the proprietors of such manumitted slaves the
compensation thereby provided for such proprietors.
And his Majesty doth strictly charge and admonish all
his faithful subj,icts within the coloni. s that they demean
themselves submissively to the laws aforesaid, and
especially that all persons now in a state of slavery in the
said colonies do, until the first day of August, 1831,
continue peaceably to perform the duties owing by them
ae such slaves to their respective masters as heretofore.
" And his Majesty doth hereby make known and declare
his settled purpose and resolve, by all the powers and
authority in him by law vested, to enforce due obedience
to the laws in force, or which shall be so in force as afore-
said, within the said respective Colonies, and to prevent,
and if necessary to redress and punish, all contraventions
of the said ltws. And his Majesty doth further command
and require all Governors, Judges, Justices of the Peace,
and other his Majesty's officers, civil and military, within
s iid Colonies, that they be, according to their respective
offices and trusts, severally concurring in enforcing obedi-
ence to tiha al'?3esaid. And his Majesty doth further
command and enjoin all his faithful subjects of 'ail ciass.es
within the said Colonies that they be yielding all du.
obedience to all the lawful commands of such his Majesty's
officers in the premises, as they will answer the contrary
at their peril.

" Given at our Court at Westminster, this fourth day
of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-three, in the fourth year of our reign.
" God save the King.
(A true copy.) " JAS. CARMICHAEL SMITH.'
