GENERAL RIEGO.

An extremely interesting allegory has been
designed by an Italian gentleman who was re-
cently in Spain, to the memory of Gen. RIEGO.
In the centre is a tomb with the patriot's name
upon it, and on one side is a female figure, re.
presenting Spain)
leaning on the tomb, and la.
meriting the loss she has experienced. On the
other side,
is a figure of PALLAS pointing out the
tomb to a group of children, or Spanish youths,
telling them to avenge the unjust death of the
founder of their country's liberty. A lion couch-
ant at the foot of the tomb, observes the remains
of the torn colours, spread before him, and is in-
tended to represent the genius of Spanish free-
dorn__wounded, but not dead. An empty cor-
nucopia, and scattered emblems of the Sciences,
denote the terrible conflict that has desolated
the earth for so many ages. In the back ground
unchangeable Virtue,
rises a pyramid, amidst darkness, and above the
aarbiydsosuofittiamree,
names of several ce-
lebrated
,i patriots,osiafnss c
frtiaobpeNpvdrl representing;ieit chhleer n Id '
ianm: is
h`tturendNeVrtlaeth.
pyramid,Despot i Sllsustained
by ignorance
precipitated into
Blind fanati-
cism that the balance
and
e topEg Throneu
ot ftuhi
cism leads by the hand one
tmhaey
yawning
ulionsgt,
gaunidp
of its chief sup-
porters, Superstition ; whilst a figure represent-
ing Natural Right!., although chained to the
foot of the throne, courageously points to a tab-
let, on which is written, MAN II BORN FREE.__.
Truth turns her back, and flies far from the
throne, near which the will of the despot is the
only law, and in her flight reflects from her mir-
ror a shower of brilliant rays, which descend on
the tomb of the hero. Above hovers the Genius
of Spain, attended by those of the other three
great Powers of Europe, one of whom (France)
blindfolds and leads the Genius of Spain into
slavery. On the other side, resting on a cloud,
appear the Genii of Vengeance, armed with
thunder, and as if waiting impatiently for the
Almighty, represented by an eye above, to de-
stroy the tyrant as a punishment for his injustice.
The tout ensemble forms a beautiful and ingeni-
ous composition.

IMPORTATION OF TIMBER.—We are informed
that a gentleman of Port-Glasgow has devised a
method of importing timber, which, if success-
ful, will tend to reduce very materially the price
of that important and useful article. The plan
is simply to lay down a keel 300 feet in length,
as for a ship of extraordinary dimensions. Upon
this base a superstructure of solid logs is to be
reared, and the external surface calked and
pitched. Having prepared the lower part of the
hull, it is then to be launched (while that opera-
tion has not yet, from its immense size, become
practicable) ; the building is then to be proceed-
ed in afloat in the same manner as before, form-
ing a solid mass of timber, with exception of a
space for the machinery of two powerful steam-
engines, by which it is intended to propel the huge
raft. In this way, it is calculated, that a single
importation may extend to not less than 15,000
tons ; a quantity of timber which would require
30 vessels of 500 tons burden to carry. This
scheme, we are farther told, has been submitted
to the committee at Lloyd's, and received their
approbation; and it is added, that the Under-
writers have entered so far into the views of the
projector as to take the risk of the experimental
cargo, now in preparation for the voyage from one
of our ports in Canada, at the ordinary rate of
premium.—(Glasgow Courier.)

On Wednesday last, the Rev. Dr. CHATFIELD,
Vicar of Chatteris, gave his annual donation of
beef and plum pudding to the scholars of the
National School in that parish.

ANOTHER
MURDER IN HERTFORDSHIRE.

A most melancholy occurrence took place on
Wednesday evening last, near South 3limms, by which a poor
man of the name of JAMES GRANGE lost his life. The cir-
cumstances of the case, as far as we have been able to collect
them, arethese : For some time back, a gentleman, whose name
is Patrick Connolly, resided at a mansion called Rabley House,
within about a mile of Shenley-hill, in the County of Hertford.
Rabley House is the property of captain Nestor, with whom
Mr. Connolly was intimately acquainted, and from what we
have collected, it appears that Mr. Connolly was remaining
there to avoid an execution which was known to be out against
him. In the same house was residing a lady of the name of
Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, the widow of a Naval Officer of that
name, who we believe had charge of Captain Nestor's do-
mestic concerns. Beside these individuals, there were a fe-
male servant and two male servants on ie premises. On
Wednesday afternoon, about two o'clock, three persons arrived
at the mansion—A Mr. Stephens, an Attorney from Lon-
don ' • Thomas 'Watson, a Sheriff's Officer, residing in Great
Suffolk-street, Southwark ; and his assistant. They found
easy ingress at the outer gates, and on reaching the
hall door, knocked for admission. They were answered
from within by Mrs. Brown, who, perhaps, suspecting
their errand, did not open the door—She demanded their
business, and they commenced by asking if Captain Nestor was
at home ? She answered in thenegative—they then asked some
other indirect questions, and finally begged to know if Mr.
Patrick Connolly was there ? To this question Mrs. Brown also
answered in the negative. They then stated that they had an
execution against Mr. Connolly, and peremptorily desired to
be admitted—this Mrs. Brown as peremptorily refused—
and they immediately attempted to force the door, the upper
part of which was partly composed of glass. To effect this
purpose, they placed their feet against the bottom of the
door, and in the exertion which they made they broke one of
the panes. The noise which was thus occasioned, and the vio-
lence which was committed at this moment, seem to have
roused the choler of Mr. Connolly, who was close at hind, and
he suddenly made his appearance with a pitchfork in his hand,
with which he threatened to resist any further attempt that
might be made to enter the premises. In defiance of this
threat, the officers, on being again refused admission, re-
newed their attack, when Mr. Connolly pushed the fork through
the broken pane at one of the men, whom he struck, but
luckily did not inflict any wound. The assailants finding their
man thus determined to oppose them, retired for a time, and
while two kept watch, the third proceeded to a Magistrate in
the neighbourhood (the Rev. Thomas Newcome, we believe),
before whom he laid an an information of the assault which
had been committed upon him in the discharge of his duty, and
procured a peace warrant for the apprehension of Mr. Connolly,
this warrant was directed to the constables of the distriCt, and
those individuals were summoned to put it in execution. From
the specimen which Mr. Connolly had given of his disposition
to resist all ordinary means of arrest, it was considered neces
sary to take a competent force to effect this object, and certain
persons were sworn as special constables for the occasion._
Among others included in this body was the brother of the pa-
rish constable, James Grainge, an industrious shoemaker
at Shenley Hill. The whole posse being assembled, they
proceeded in considerable force to the- scene of action,
which they reached about six o'clock. A second loud
knocking at the door gave notice of their approach,
when Mrs. Brown again made her appearance, and,
as has been stated by the witnesses, ,
admissionand,
was de-
mandedyng th
in the
this King'sdemand.
name. Mrs. Brown still declined cons-
mand. A general assault then commenced,
and several panes of glass were broken in the windows, as well
as in the door. This continued for some time, till at ISngth-Mr.
Connoll ' came forward with a gun in his hand, and threatened
to shooty the first person who presumed to break the door. This
only tended to increase the violence, and as the party outside
considered that they were armed with sufficient authority to
ise every exertion in their
,power to make their caption good,
they treated Mr. Connolly s threats with indifference, and
actually began to break the pannels of the door with such mis-
Mr. Connolly discharged the gun, and James
Grainge being
siles as came to hand. At this unlucky moment, and in the heat
of irritation,
nearest the door, he lodged the contents in the
unhappy man fell, and a cry of " Murder'"
burst from all
mangledupperpa.rt of the arm near the shoulder, which was dreadfully
quarters. A considerable pause now took place;
the attack was discontinued, and the officers and their assist-
ants drew back,
fearful that further mischief might be done ;
and indeed wa have heard that other shots were actually fired,
but without producing any further injury. The wounded man
being unable to walk, was placed in a cart and carried to the
'White Hart, at Shenley-hill, from whence expresses were im-
mediately sent to St. Alban's and Barnet for surgical assist-
ance. Information of what had occurred was then conveyed
to the Rev. Mr. Newcome and John M. 'Winter, Esq. another
Magistrate in the neighbourhood, who-consulted upon what it
was expedient to do. All the constables of the surrounding
villages were forthwith summoned, and fresh additions were
made to the list of special constables. With this fbrce the
Magistrates proceeded in person to Rabley-house, within which
all remained in perfect silence. It was now between nine and
ten o'clock, and an attempt was made tie force an entrance at
the back of the premises, where some more windows were
broken. Under the direction of the Magistrates, admission
Was once more formally demanded, and their warrant was read
in a loud voice. Mrs. Brown for the third time came to the
door, and announced, that if the party would chew her their
warrant she would admit them. This was refused, but it was
read in her hearing, and the door was finally opened. The
Magistrates and the officers then entered, and Mrs. Brown said
she would send to call Mr. Connolly down stairs. A servant
did accordingly go up stairs, and Mr. Connolly came down and
surrendered himself. All the other persons in the house were
then secured as being participators in the outrage—namely,
Mrs. Brown, her servant woman, Hugh Moran, a servant man,
and another man called Edward, whose surname we were
unable to learn. The whole were conducted to the White Hart,
at Shenley-hill, where they remained under a strict guard for
the remainder of the night.
In the interim, the unfortunate wounded man had been con-
veyed to his own house, where he was put to bed until the sur-
geons should arrive, which did not take place till a late hour.
Mr. Lloyd, of Barnet, Mr. Webster, of st. Alban's, and a
third medical man, at length reached the spot, and on examin-
ing the wound, pronounced it to be extremely dangerous.—
They remained in attendance the whole of the night ; and yes-
terday morning, on again opening the wound, they unanimous-
ly declared that amputation was necessary, and that this opera-
tion afforded the only hope of preserving life.
At ten o'clock the Rev. Mr, Newcome, Mr. Winter, and Mr.
Beddow assembled at the White Hart to take the depositions
of the different witnesses against the prisoners, and on hear-
ing the opinion of
the surgeons, they deemed it necessary
to take Grainge's evidence before the operation took place.--
-They accordingly proceeded to the bed-side of the wretched
man, and received from his lips the detail of all the circum-
stances which he had witnessed previous to the fatal shot hav-
ing been fired. To this he was sworn, and attached his signa-
ture. The surgeons then lost no time in performing their pain-
ful duty, but still expressed their fears of the result.
The Magistrates then returned to the White Hart, and exa-
mined, in private, a vast number of witnesses,_ whose different
'
statements they committed to writing. In the result, we un-
derstand, that a very strong case was made out against Mr.
Connolly ; who, it was proved, was perfectly aware of the
character of the persons who demanded admission, as well as
the object which they had in view. It was also proved, we
learn, that between the use of the pitchfork in the first in-
stance, and the return of the officers with the assault-warrant,
Hugh Moran went to the house of a farmer in the neighbour-
hood, of the name of Baitholomew, and obtained from his ser-
vant the loan of a gun, with a quantity of poWder and shot._
Other testimony was given as to the declarations of Connolly,
and to the state of irritation in which he appeared to be at the
time the attack on the door was made.

Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Connolly,and the three servants, were all
called in separately, and their statements were received with
the utmost attention. Mrs. Brown was greatly affected, and
fainted three times during the day. Mr. Connolly, who was
present when the surgeons were examined, particularly ques-
tioned them as to the mode in which the operation on Grainge
was performed—namely, as to whether the bone had been ex-
tracted from the socket, had been splintered, or had been
sawed off with a butt. We understand that the amputation
'took place just below the shoulder, and that there was no
splintering. During the investigation ?dr. Connolly betrayed
a good deal of impatience.
Soon after three the melancholy intelligence reached the Ma-
gistrates that Grainge had expired—a fact which at once de-
cided the course they had to pursue ; and, after a short consul-
tation, they determined to commit all the parties upon the
charge of the wilful murder of .James Grainge, and mitti-
muses were made out accordingly. Mr. Connolly, and his
servant Moran, were sent off in a post-chaise to Barnet, hand-
cuffed together, in the custody of Frederick Propstring, the
constable of that town, with directions that he should convey
them to Hertford this morning. Mrs. Brown and her female
servant were ordered to be detained at the White Hart, and to
be removed to St. Alban's this day ; whither also the other
man servant will be sent for the present.
At the close of the business of the day, Mr. Noel, the soli-
citor, who, it will be recollected, took so active a part in the
prosecution of the persons charged with the murder of Mr.
Weare, arrived at the White Hart in a post chaise. He fin-
rnediately desired an interview with the Magistrates, and was

sliewn into the Rev. Mr. Newcl me and Mr. Winter, who were
just departing.
Mr.- Noel announced that he, had come down in consequence
' of an express which had been sent off to him by Mrs. Brown,
requesting that he would act as her Solicitor, and, as he was
Solicitor to Captain Nestor, he had no hesitation in complying
with her summons; :snd he had now to beg that he might be
permitted to have an interview with his client.
The Rev. Mr. Nevis:orn.,e said, he was aware that Mrs. Brown
had chosen him for liar Attorney, and saw no objection to the
interview ; but if he accepted of the office, it must be under-
stood that he was not to delegate his duty to any other person.
Mr. Noel objected to this doctrine as altogether inconsistent
with the practice on such occasions. He submitted that he had
a right, if he thought proper, to employ his Crown Agent, and
certainly would not agree to any other understanding. He
had no objection to seeing Mrs. Brown in the Magistrates'
presence, in order that na doubt might exist as to the unbiassed
choice of her own mind ; but after that, he claimed the right
of seeing her in private.
The Magistrates consented to this, and Mrs. Brown was
brought down from an upper room, in the custody of Mr.
Hare, the landlord of the house, ho had been appointed a
special gaoler for the occasion. On entering the room she was
in tears, and welcomed Mr. Noel as a friend. She recapitus
hated the circumstances of her having sent an express to him
and- Captain Nestor, and begged that he would act as her
solicitor. Mr. Newcome having now formally asked Mrs.
Brown if site wished Mr. Noel to be nominated as her attor-
ney ? and she having answered in the affirmative, both Magis-
trates signified their wish that he should see her in private as
often as he thought proper, but they forbad the introduction
of any other person ; they said this, because they understood
that Captain Nestor was in the neighbourhood, and it was
their desire that that gentleman should have uo communication
with her.
The Magistrates then retired, and Mr. Noel went with Mrs.
Brown to her own room, where he remained with her till a
late hour last night.
Captain Nestor, we understand, had as•rived in the course of
the day, and finding that Mr. Noel hold not reached Shenley-
hill, he rode off to expedite his approas'n.
Mrs: Brown is a lady of six and twenty years of age, and
possessing considerable personal ch4rms—her connections are
of the most respectable description, 'aer father being a Colonel
in the army. She was much belovisd in the neighbourhood of
Rabley-house.
Mr. Connolly is an Irishman, as, his name imports, and is also
respectably connected. He formerly practised with great sue-
cess as a surgeon at Brighton, but in consequence of some dis-
pute with an officer of the nansis of Andrews, who brought an
action against him for defamation, and who recovered consi-
derable damage, he was obliged to quit the scene of his profes-
sional pursuits. The execution under which it was attempted to
arrest bins on this unhappy occasion, we believe, had been sued
out by Mr. Andrews for the damages which he had recovered,
and which, he (Mr. Connolly), from a sense of the supposed
injustice with which he 'slut been treated, resolved never to
pay. Mr. C. was formeily a surgeon in the City of Dublin
Militia, and was highly respected by his brother officers. Ile
is married to a West India lady of large fortune, who now re-
sides at Portsea. Mr. James Connolly, his brother, is also a
medical man carrying, on business as a chemist and druggist' in
Regent-street. This gentleman reached Rabley-house last
night, but too late to have an interview with the prisoner. He,
has a third brother, who is likewise a surgeon.
Mr. Connolly and his servant Moran were last night vigi-
lantly watched is the cage at Barnet, where they were left
without fire, and had nothing but straw to lie on.
With regard to the females, the Magistrates treated them
with every indulgence which their situation would admit of,
and by Mr. Hare, the landlord of the inn, under whose care
they remained, they were treated with great humanity. How-
ever inexcusable her conduct may have been, she seems to have
acted solely under the influence of an amiable feeling, and
from a desire to preseive the friend of Captain Nestor from,
arrest.

It is singular that in two murders committed in the same
county, and within a short distance of each other, Mr. Noel
should have been selected as the Solicitor.
Mr. Connolly has not as yet employed an attorney, although
his brother expressed a strong desire that Mr. Noel should un-•
dertake the task. That gentleman, however, declined the
office, till more formally requested by the prisoner himself.
Rabley House is not far distant from South Mimms, and is
not more than half a mile within the verge of the county of •
Hertford.

The unfortenate event has excited a mast extraordinary sen-
sation for miles round Shenley-hill ; and the strongest commis
seration is felt for the family of poor Grainge, who has left a.
wife and four infant children to deplore his loss,

REMARKABLE DISCOTERY.-011 Wednesday
se'nnight, as Thomas Pitt, blacksmith, of Upton, near
Blewberry, in this county, was digging up an elm tree
which stood in his garden, within a few yards of his door,
he discovered the skeleton of a full-grown human being,
which appeared, by the white teeth, to have been the body
of some young person ; it was nearly six feet in length, and
buried about a foot and a half beneath the surface of the
ground, and immediately under the body of the tree ; and it
seems almost impossible, that the tree should have been
planted without the person who did it being aware that a
body was so situated. As the tree had been planted within
little more than forty years, and in the remembrance of many
of the inhabitants of the village, many conjectures are afloat
respecting the body. From the freshness of the bones, the body
could not have been buried for any length of time before the
tree was planted ; and it seems almost certain that some foal
murder was then committed, and that the murdered person
(perhaps brought from some distance) was buried in the garden,
and the tree placed over the grave to prevent the notice of the
neighbours; it is also singular, that though many persons re-
member before the tree was planted, and remember seeing it
after it was planted, yet no man ever saw the man in the act of
planting it.—(Reading Mercury.)

MARGATE, DEC. 26.—An accident of an ap-.
palling nature was nearly occurring at the house
of Mr. Watson, pastry-cook and confectioner, in
Bridge-street. Th. family retired to rest on
Christmas Eve, leaving every thing in safety, but
on the servant girl coming down in the morn-
ing, she was surprised that the dresser and
shelves of the kitchen were burnt to cinders; the
heat was so intense that the glass of the windows
was all cracked, and the earthenware in a similar
state. It is conjectured that the girl going to the
dresser drawer, a spark dropped from the candle
which, smothering for a time, ultimately broke
out in a flame. Owing to the absence of a
current of air, the fire subsided without doing
further mischief ; but for this miraculous acci-
dental interposition the whole premises would,
in all likelihood, have been consumed imme-
diately. Adjoining this kitchen is the ware-
house of Mr. Paine, ironmonger, where several
barrels of gunpowder are deposited, which must
have exploded and inflicted a most severe shock
on the town.

BIRTHS.
On Saturday last, at Shelford, the Lady of Sir Charles
Wale, K.C.8., Of a daughter.
Last week, at the Pottery, Hull, the wife of a poor man,
named Rubinson, was safely delivered of three fine children.
