Thia'Day was published, price '2 s . eti,

LEBATE at the EAST INDIA HOUSE,
. at a Gener,A Co.urf of PROPRIETORS of EAST
INDIA STOCK, on AVednesdav, • the tst September, 1313,
• -
on the subject of prOcuring
.computelit Authority to charge
the Property Tax on the Divide-ad:4 upon the Territorial. Re-
venues of the Company, and for increasing tlit, Salaries iof
the Direetors.. • ,

. By the EDITOIt of the FORMER IIk:TIMES.
. • Printed far Black, Parry,.and Go. Leadenhall-street.
01 whom 11U be had, it two volumes svo. price ?4s. ,t Com-
plete Collection of the Debates at the Eat India Muse
duringfthe Negotiation for a Renewal of thetaAit, India Com-
pany's Charter.

'rills Day wa.3 potAlabed, • -
• 111). pritte OriP 4...
YNOPSIS NOSOLOGIAL
AucToRE GOLIELMO CULLEN, M. D. Nuper in
Acad. Ediu. Med. Pract. Prof. Medico ltegio aped Scotus. Pri.
valtrio, :ice: To -which is added, an A ppoidix, containing a
Synopsis of the Systems ofSailvaices, Lionceits, Vogel, Sager,
111611 ride, C alien, Swediaur (Me), Young' (I 613) ; Within's
Classification of Cutaneous Diseases ; and a Translation of
Cullen's Nosology, with itcferzlices to the best Authors who
have written since his Time. ,

By JOHN-THOMSON', M. D.
Printed for Longninii, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown,
London ; and John Anderson and Co. Edinburgh.

THE BRITISH GALLERY or ricrt.rup,,i; FIRST SE-
' RTES.--Publishing in NUMBERS and PARTS.
This pay Was published, - -
Price 10s. ad.; Proofs on India Paper, tl. 1 c ; or correctly
Coloured, in imitation of the Originals, 2L 12s. ad. the
TWENTY-SECOND NUMR.EIt of
11"6:' MARQUIS of STAFFORD'S • COL-
LECTION of !PICTURES; arranged according to
Schools, and in Chronological Ordler ; with Remarks, and a
particular DescriOiOn of each Pictin
• . ,
- • . By W. Y. QTTLEY, Esq. F. S. A. •- -
Containing the full.o winT Subjects, on Two Plates, finely en-.
graved. by J.'eagle and J. H.
1. Regaling at an Alehouse Door. 'from G. Tilborgh.
2. Au Italian Marhet.'.. J.. Lingelback...
3. The Distribution of Soup at the )
Jan Niel.
•
Gate Of a Convent . ' • - • '
4. A Music Party - Lys.
5.A Lan&cape and Figures • F. Zuccherelli.
Also,'Parts I. tr. m. and IV. price each I. Is. ad. ;
Proofs on India :Paper, SL si. ; or -'correctly coloured-.and
ruounted,Twelve Gutoeas and a Ilalf; containing th Fifteen
first Numbers of the aboreiWork. be continued is.lontlity,
in Numbers, till the Collection'be. completed' in about Fitty
'Ntimbers, arid in Parts, each Containing Five Numbers, every
•Six Months.
Published by Longman and Co.'Patetnoster-roW;
Fleet-street; Catlett and Davies, Strand ; and - P. W. Torn-
kills, and at the British Gallery of Pictures, $4, New Bend
street, where-the beautiful Drawings in Water Colonrsi A:xe-
cutcd expressly for. this, publication, are exhibited, Admit-
tanceS to'Nou-übscribers, One

HE value 4of Dr. FREENIAN'a (U 'TA
rlir
SALUTARIS has been so long proved, that nn-
of the present day can bear a competition with it,
in all the different stages of a certain Disease, which it of-
fectualiy curtss, ,and eradicates from the habit, without excit-
ing the painful freliug and exPosilre that attend Salivation—
without debilitating the Constitution in any degree, or tier'
confinement from business, 'or restriction of diet.—
virtu of these inestimable 'Drops have proved
..It)gelt' til: radicalicn4'lal ti es
to public approbation, for more than 30 years. -In
all the debility Of both Semi they prove a neveri.failing Re
storative, whether the debility is produced by too free use of
Mercury, by illicit pipamtres, or the effects of a warm climate.
To Travellers, and those going abroad, they cannot be ree,om-
mended too strongly, us tbsiy will receive a safes speedy, and
complete Cure, in all old stubborn Gletts, old every Weak
ness that streets the Bladder and Organs of Urine. liy its ef-
ficacy many Women have become ••lothers,-who for many years
had-been thlprived of that happiness.
Sold, wholesale and retail, at Mr. Butler's, No. 4, Chimp-
gida; corner of Paternoster-row; Sharp and Belarn, 'Ports-
mouth ; Jones, Weston, Mika, Mallory PortseA ;
nod Johnston, Gosport; Coleman and thlcob, !ille,r;te,cs ;
Granville, Nettleton, and Gilbert, Plymouth ;
pech, ItoSs and Turner, hull; tloso;ind and Contiwot thy,
-Lloyd, and Snox and
whiney mid Co. Go. Birmingham; Billinge, Edwards,
and peony, and Lathbury, Liverpool; Staines and I.vrielr;
Manchester; 'Erewritait, Exeter ; smith, manderto
burn, Scott, and Boster, Palinburgh ; Baxterand Macdonald,Glasgow ; Bulgen and Barry, Bristol.; Stevenson and Cu.
tsiorwtch ; Swinfen, 1-ade"ter ; Dunn and 'Sutton, Notting,
ham ; and retail by most 'Country I\ledisine Veuders, in Boxes
at 00, pd. and 6s. each,

FOREIGN lINITELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAITItt.

Pitt tr
, SEPt. 28.-.-11:e following extract or a
letter from Dresden, dated the 22d of Septem-
ber, appears to us of a nature to interest our
Readers
'' Parties a Cossacks have into, cepted the com-
munication' between Leipzic and Frankfort, and
the ordinary estafette Jnay suffer some interrup-
tion, but I will seize every opportunity of giving
you intelligence..l have no other •than good :ac-
counts to give you. His Nialesty enjoys excellent
health. On the 17th und 18111 he had his head-
quarters at Peterswalde 5 on the 19th sine] 20th at-
Pima. Yesterday, the '..: Ist, he returned to Dres-
den. All .the Austrian and Russian army, coin-
manded 'by their Sovereigns, is shut up in the valley
of Toplitz. The dispositions made by his Ma-
jesty keep it in check, whilst we can operate on
nnother side.

r , •
ibt-herto continual rains hare prevented many
things, which will sueeeed„hereafter. The Prince
Royal of Sweden's army is upon the tight hank of
the Elbe, and does Lot appear in a condition to'
risk the passage of it." '
BAYREUTIT, SEPT. 18.—AFrench camp has been
established at Mirzig, between Leipsic and Tor-
gau. This last state is in the best condition it
now` serves' as a point d'appui to the army com-
rnailed by the Prince of illoskwa. The enemy
has not dared to approach it.

PARIS, SEPT, 28.—Every body about the Em-
peror is well. The Prince of Neufchatel had some
access of fever at Peterswalde; he is much better!
his indisposition will be attended With no conse-
quences. The Duke of 13assano, as well as Count
Daru, is in excellent health.
COPERMAGII4', SE:1"1% 12.—His Highness the
-Prince Governor of No:•way, considering' that by
present'scarcity of grain, and the uneasiness
which results from if,. several persons may be
tempted, as the harvest approaches',., to cut their
crops before their perfect noturity,:haS addressed'
to all the Bishops of Norway, a rescript, desiring
that in thei: bishopricks the clergymen may inform
their parishioners the inconvenieucies which this
unripe harvest will bring. Besides, this rescript
proves, that an abundant crop is every where ex-
pected.

INSPRUCK, SEPT. 18,—We enpy the most per.
feet ,tranquility here. The citi::en guard performs
the duty of the town, and maintains order, The
famous Speckbachcr hovers, as we are assured; in
the neighbourhood, but a very considerable price
has been put upon his head: Yesterday some iuore
companies of Jilt rarian troops arrived here, The
post from Italy and the Pustuthal, which ought to
havearrived on the 15th, is still wanting. Since
many 4easts., particaltirq•littep,
the collection of snow, which in great Oval.
tities• bist
baVe bee" found dead.
Sem-. 25.—illarshal the Duke of
Vainly arriVed.here yesterday.

FURTHER EXTRACTS FROM CADIZ MAIL.
(From Me Conciso qf Me 80M -titepast)

WILL GREAT BRITAIN TREAT 'WITH BuotslArAIITE
'WITHOUT COIitiVI.TING NYAIN ?
BpHiiMlS..l,loebecome of importance;
we have become of great and acknowledged int-.
portauce, since we are the most efficient and for-
inidab!e support of
,England, and of all Europe,
against the execrable ntparte, and also the
most terrible of which he can avail himself against
England, and the other Spain in the power of
limmaparte, would cause the ruin of Great Bri-
t,iin and the other European powers. Spain, ;lid,
ed by Great Britain, must cause the ruin of 13u0'naparte. On. the people of.the Peninula depend
the ruin of one of the two parties, and therefore
'bath consider us as the tirtnt.st supported 'their re-
speetive :views. But we shall be so only of
those of England, while we prt,serve our Spanish
character,:or that national pride by which we have
hitherto effected so mulch; and if that national
pride should be t!stroyed, the triumph of Minna:-
, parte will be secure. .
" To-the preservation of this national pride,
therefore; the whole pOlicy of the nations frieooly
to Spain ought to be directed, and every srep
they take•which may weaken it, they take agt.inst
themselves.:
Rumours bare .been circulated that it was
Sincerely.ititended ,that'a general ctingress should
assemble at Prague, anti that- the people of the
Peninsula should have: a voice in it, but it is add-
ed (no doubt arbitrarily), that in case of its taking
place, they will be represented in it by- the Eng-
lish, and some even go so far as to say, that the
Armistice of the North •will be extended to the
Peninsula, &c.
" We are. tilled with indignation' at hearing any
one talk of. listening -to Buonaparte
,when be pro.
.poses a suspension of hostilities, by which lv is
endangered, and on the;cessation of which it de-
:rends whether that t: !ant 'shall.extrieute
train the diffieniiies of the moment, and in a few
months be in weondition to give law to Europe,
if time be but granted hint to increase his re-

sources.
" It is not possible topin ,nade tis that the Eng-
lish Government can have listened to Buonaparte
precisely at the time when the triumphant arms
ui the,Allies In the Peninsula are in a condition to
co-operate effectually with the rupture-of the ar-
To restitue and continue
mistiee in the North.
without risking any great action, will
prolong the war, and thus'proihnce the ruin of the
tyrant, by the long titivation of the contest.
" Buotiaparte wishes prompt and teci4ire
strokes ; his antagonists ought, therefore,

Mucn.as in their pOwer; tri contimie and Vrotratt
the.lvar, and4radually v taken the force of thdt
enemy.
owl not coko to repeat , that , the ortrt4
act of listening to Buonaparte is. n!re&tdv a tri-
umph to that tyrant ; his ullers ,-1:
~,4.-
miscs deceive—his wortls,' 'inimoderatelv fi:tt.
tering,.mid it is diffienicto resist their deceptido.
" How extraordinary. Would. it be; if lie shouht
actually allure with splebdid, offilrs Itussla
England, the only power:, he has to satisfy, and
think to indemnify those two with the ruin of !he
(Aber nations ? But it would he strange indeed,
(and to us incredible) that.these two powers,
,and
especigly England, should place.the smallest re.—
, liance on the offers and promises of Jim-map:Arta,
Hatch more that they should Consent to 'the dis-:
grace of other nations, to advance for a tints thela
own immediate interest,
" But let us Suppose, for a Moment, that No-
n/yam! has actually made some flattering prop6.o
sals, and that from their nature it is inferred, tluit
he is this time sincere. Let, us suppose also, tt.;it
Buonaparte is willing that the insurgents shouht
take part in the Cougress, and that .England be-
lieves itself secure from him ; can we believe (as
some ill-divoSed persons would persuade us) that
England would wish to•represent us in the CCM:
gress ? No, it would be doing an atrocious injury
to the English Government to 'suppose that it
meant to commit two errors, viz.:—

. "
.1. England, as our. faith:Ail Ally, cannot
consent that the affairs of Spain, should be trtra.
ed of in a' Congress, without, the very fact b„ink
considered as an acknowledgment of our actual
Goiernment, by all the contracting powers. ; and
linonapartc, if he consents .that the 'lnsurgenty
shall take part in the Congress, ought to begin
by acknowledging otir 'Government, and calling
its, representatives directly to the Congress for 1,1
general peace, in which the English Government
would concur..
2. 'Would it not be giving a fatal blow to
our. national .character, the only instrument that
has hitherto saved Eurgpe, for the. E'nglizh
GOvernment ,to pretend to represent us; irreott,
gress
" We. repeat, and it has been frequently
peated in Parliament, and by VilliOU3 English
periodical writer's, that whatever contributes to
enfeeble our national pride, must be to the pre.
itidice of England herself ; and those Cabinets.
commit a great error who, guided by the poliey,of
former times, are not ultimately convinced 014
the Spaniards of 1813 are very dilfurent from the
Spaniards of former periods, whether their Go.
vernment be administered.ty;threil4 fipe or by
one. , if the :English Goternment is not firmly
persuaded of this maxim, it will be expoted to
take measures which will.not advance the attain-

went of n general peactshl>r the happiness of tlt
world. But we repent, that if !out Fonesess
should
taice place, it la,' riot po§si te t let bile,
t.ntl should atm in the manner that some sup-
pose.

And what shall we say of the ridiculous re.
port circulated by some agent of the Corsicari,
that the armistice will he extended to the Py-
renees ? No, it is not credible that the English
Government should have ever even thought cif
such a thing. That would he to know us ve,q.
little. Can any pct son imagine that the Spaniiirds
cult enter into treaties with the ,most trench
et ow;
man in the universe, when they must be certain
that he only means to enhance their miafortuues
Can any Spaniard be so simple as to trust in the
pr(miises of Buonaparte ? No, the grave is pre.
ferable to 'submission to that tyrant, and to m
ake
treaties with him is to prepare for him the means
of end:tyin (is.

‘‘ The European Cabinets who think to treat
with .tile Spanish' Government, without regard to
the opinion of that heroic nation, should lerlot
from this time that they err in their polities, and
that their propositions will be despised, • • .
It
1$ not unusual in politics to swiiy• and
most to forre,,the good will of Goecroment and
of its mhOsters ; but it is impossible, or' at hoist
very difficult, to do the same by a whole people,
especially a people so determined as,ilic Spanish
----who, venerating theii Government, -w dl main.
taro, to the -extremity, their noble purpose itnu
the national honour. Let us be' convinced, how-
ever, that the wisdom of the lihiglish Government
will foresee, and be able to counteract the incre-
dible schemes which the. most refined tualighity
laboured to propagate, and which are so little
suitable ,to the interests of the British nation, awl
those of its Allies, and so contrary to the gefietal
good., On the continuance of the war itgainst
Buonaparte, depends the salvation of Europ,:., Ele
who thinks of treating with tout monster lenzh; his
aid to the general slavery."

At a library INiaripte, the other ni,rht a
young lady dropped her gold cLai f irn
without perceiving iC. Another hidy nro-
who' saw it, let her handkerchi'a :1, it' I,y
cident;uuti then picked up the citain with it w
outissying tt woid. The ladies remained till r late
ritgling was o'er, when one of them teas prevtri:;4.;
to retire. A. yonng man., who liad seen the trait.-
action, appro4ched the two hicii,r*, took them re-
spectfully by.the banal, and, with a smile,
the lady who lout got the chain—" Come
the jo4e, has been earned far enough ; up 01.
and make the Indy any longoo,
"rhe chant wits immediately restored, but iut
without some confusion.

A cow hOonging to Mr. John Phillips, of Veil-
herian, in the pariAt c Wcudron, and which two
years since produced two calves, and in the fol.
lowing year, three; last week brought forth
at one time ? Ttot poor unitue,l, itiovvvo', ‘ti"i
soon aftirtwArtia.
