DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

Mr. KEAN, whose general health is wonderfullyrellf
vated, has returned to these boards, where he origirom
established his great histrionic fame. He last night are
pp ee ac trped when we reflect e d
spirit
as
and Richard
vigour
whicheo then
ga
couldn da played a
serious
sli
y have
t h a d
illness e g
60
of s:i
which he has been afflicted. His courtship scene ler,
Lady Anne was scarcely, if at all, inferior to his earb.e.
efforts, it was, bade.); in strict accordance With
the tyrant's boast, " that he has a tongue can wheedle
with the devil." The stirring scene which terminates the
fourth act, where, with the speed of lightning, good and badintelligence flashes across Richard's ambitious path
was acted with powerful effect. Mr. KEAN did nap
that trying passage, lose one of those points for which hie
performance has been so universally admired. His COar
bat and dying scene, though it did, to a certain degree'
lack the physical force which we have seen him exert, vio.
nevertheless managed with much skill, and displayed on-
siderattle en-rgy. The house, we ate bappy to say, ita°
crowded at first price.

It is understood that Sir THOMAS DENMAN'
now Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bend',
to have a Peerage. His talents will render him an sclui.
sition to the House of Lords. The late Lord TENTzapirl
though an excellent Judge, never distinguished hialtt
either as a debater or a legislator, while he sat io the
House of Peers.

Sir THOMAS DENMAN has appointed his
son, Mr. THOMAS DENMAN, Marshal and Associate of ties
s
Court of King's Bench. The situation of Associate tits
formerly filled by the Hon. Mr. ABBOTT, son of the iste
„
Lord TENTERDEN. The emoluments of the situation a;
derived wholly from fees, and the severe manner in svbsed
,J
those fees have been imposed has not unfrequently caused
very great discontent. The Marshal's situation was for
,
merly distinct from that of Associate, and the remuoslr,
tion for his services was also entirely paid by fees.
ht
THOMAS DENMAN, following the example of his R'f_j
Hon. Colleague in the Court of Chancery, has intims ;
his intention to effect a reform in the proceedings 01
Court, the first step towards which will be a grent...re„
„,
duction, and in many cases a complete abolition, of 034" ~
very heavy fees which have for a long time enriched th_mc
persons who hold situations about the Courts. The tees
received on remanet causes have- long been a source of great
l
complaint, but they will in future be very considerably
reduced, and not, as was formerly the case, be demanded
as many times es the cause was set down for trial. Alte-
rations like these cannot fail to give universal satisfaction'
The appointment of Sir THOMAS DENMAN
to the high office of Lord Chief Justice of the King's
Bench gives great pleasure to the Reformers within one
circulation, who are congratulating themselves on this
earnest that the Government are beginning to abandon
their useless policy of favouring their enemies. Afa
more appointments of vigorous men of intellect, and the
present breed
osfoutnhde and steadfast
dismissal of some of the time-serving satellites of family
honest man from the
insult and petty malice which the official and offitions odßfi
es
haltersft
Reformers,
t ei o, r
betweena would
would
te t ao
an
agovepai
naboveoanopinions
y a n
ex-
hibit in intimidation of public opinion. Mr. BODCHP.
BETTE would change his commentary on any one's aspira-
tions, and probably would aspire himself to advocate
popular rights and practices. The Tories have actually
been befooled by the forbearance of their successful an"
tagoniste, and have become insolent through gentle deal'
inwasg.
ailstmwisasesdnofrtasmo itnhetheird,
Lord-Lieutenancy when Earl
of yo
FtT z wriai ar
—Stamford Ne
LAND.--The expenses of living
w
LIFE IN Hoc
„.
in Holland may on an average be calculated at about
thirsts of the cost in England. An excellent house may
b. rented at about 50/. per year, and the family conlf°,r„A-
of half a dozen persons, with their servants, be provin"-
for 3001. per annum. Some taxes fall heavy, both pew
sonal and domestic; but the duties on consumption
generally small. Excellent tea can be bought here at
per lb. Wine is about one-third, and spirits about nn"
fourth of the price with us. There is much resemblan—,,,
„,
to the English mode of life; at breakfast, however, cbee't is generally introduced. At dinner, the dishes are all :el
upon the table, and removed one after another, to be carved
and handed round by the servants. The ladies and gentle'
men retire together after dinner to take coffee, and after-
wards wards tea is introduced. Marriages ~
, in Holland, 7,41
merely civil obligations, which
require no eccleliast7lo
sanction to give them validity. Awek or two befor '
intended consummation, notice is given to the hurgoa;
ter; the certificates of baptism, and the consent of
parents (when that consent is necessary), are depolv,
with the Magistrate, and on the day fixed the parties ale
tend with their friends in the Town•hall, and the atilt'
of the code is read, which records the obligations o'e
lit
tad
martial condition; then the Burgomaster asks in a
voice, whether the parties consent to fulfil the matrininToi
obligations, and on their answering " yes," or bowleg
Al
head in assent,' he declares the marriage valid.---44#1
Germanic Advertiser,

Dar
fee,
Wag•
:011'
Wag

LADY NEWBOROUGET.

(From the Court Journal.)

ate
illy
alp

rig
ro-

The folloving romantic story, which was some
time ago a subject of conversation in the fashion-
able circles both of London and Paris, pur-
ports to be extracted from a Memoir stated to be
written by the fair claimant to the succession of
the House of Orleans, and printed in Paris be-
fore the revolution of 1830, but immediately
suppressed :
" Lady Newboratigh had always considered her-
self as the daughter of Lorenzo Chiappini, formerly
gaoler of Modigliani, and subsequently constable
(sbirro) at Florence, and of his wife Vincenzia Dili-
genti, until some days after the death of the former
(which appears to have occurred in the period of
1816-18, for the exact year is not given), when,
having removed to Sienna, she received a posthumous
letter from her supposed father. The following is a
literal translation from the Italian original :

"My Lady,--I have at length reached the term
of my days without having revealed to any one a
secret which directly concerns me and yourself. The
secret is the following:—

1 On the day when you were born, of a person
whom I cannot name, and who now is in the other
world, a male child of mine was also born. I was re-
quested to make an exchange; and, considering the
state of my finances in those days, I acceded to the
often-repeated and advantageous proposals, and at
that time I adopted you as my daughter in the same
manner as my son was adopted by the other party.
"' I observe that Heaven has repaired my faults
by placing you in better circumstances than your
father, although his rank was somewhat similar : this
enables me to end my days with some comfort.
" Let this serve to extenuate my culpability to-
wards you. I entreat your pardon for my fault. I
desire you, if you please, to keep this transaction
secret, in order that the world shall not have any
opportunity to speak of an affair which is now with-
out remedy.
" ' This, my letter, you will not receive until after
my death.

" ' LORENZO CHIAPPINI.'

" Immediately after receiving this letter, Lady
Newborough called before her Ringrezzi, the con-
fessor of the late gaoler, and Fabroni, a nephew of
the confessor of the late Countess Borghi, when the
former assured her that his opinion had always been
that she was the daughter of the Grand Duke
Leopold; but this assertion Fabroni instantly con-
tradicted, saving, ' Myladi is the daughter of a
French Lord called Court Joißville, who had con-
siderable property in Champagne; and I entertain
no doubt, that if your Ladyship were to go to that
province, you would there find valuable documents,
which I have- been told were there left in the bands
of a respectable ecclesiastic.'
" Two old sisters of the name of Banditti, who
had been born and educated in the house of the
Borghis, and during all their life in the service of
that family, stated to Lady Newborough, and after-
wards to the Ecclesiastical Court of Faenza, that in
the year 1773 they followed their master and mis-
tress to Modigliana, where the latter usually had
their summer residence in a chateau belonging to
them; that, arriving there, they found a French
Count, Louis Joinville, and his Countess, established
in the Pretoria! Palace. That the Count had a
well-shaped body, brownish complexion, a red and
pimpled nose. As to the Countess,' they said,
in your own person you see my Lady, almost her
perfect image.' They further stated, that between
the Borghis and this family a very intimate inter-
course was soon established, and that they daily in-
terchanged visits.

" The foreign Lord was extremely familiar with
persons of the lowest rank, and particularly with the
gaoler Chiappini, who lived under the same roof.
The wives of both were pregnant: and it appeared
that they expected their delivery much about the
same time. But the Count was tormented with a
grievous anxiety ; his wife had as yet had no male
offspring; and he much feared that they never
would be blessed with any. Having communicated
his project to the Borghis, he at length made an
overture to the gaoler ; telling him he apprehended
the loss of a very great inheritance, which absolutely
depended on the birth of a son, and that he was dis-
posed, in case the Countess gave birth to a daugh-
ter, to exchange her for a boy, and that for this ex-
change he would liberally recompense the father.
The man, charmed at finding his fortune thus unex-
pectedly made, immediately accepted the offer, and
the bargain was concluded.
" Immediately after the accouchement of the
ladies, one of the Bandinis went to the Pretorial
Palace to see the new-born babies, when some
women in the house told her that the exchange had
already taken place; and Chiappini himself being
present expressly confirmed their statement. The
Lady Camilli (Borghi) at different succeeding periods
often repeated the same statement. She said, like-
wise, that the Countess Joinville had been ac-
quainted with the whole transaction, and had seemed
to he satisfied with it.

"As there were several persons in the secret,
however solemnly silence had been promised, there
were some babblers, and public rumour soon accused
the barterer!. The Count Louis, fearing the people's
ind;gnation, fled and concealed himself in the con-
vent of St. Bernard, at Brisighella. He was ar-
rested there, and again set at large, but the Bandinis
never saw him after that period. _ _

" The lady departed with her servants and her sup-
positious son; but her own daughter being bap-
tized, and called Maria Stella Petronilla, and de-
signated as the daughter of Lorenzo Chiappini and
Vincenzia Dil:genti, ever afterwards remained with
them. The Countess Borghi was much vexed at
the whole transaction, and, wishing as much as it
Was in her power to repair the evil done by others,
she retained the young orphan near herself, and
treated her with uncommon tenderness. This she
continued to do during the first four years of the
child's life, until Chiappini tonic the infant with him
to Florence, where he educated her, and purchased
property with the money be had received by his
shameful bargain.
" Being in Paris in 1823, in the month of July,
Lady Newborough had recourse to a stratagem, by
which she expected to be led to some important
discoveries. She inserted in the newspapers that
she had been desired by the Countess Pompeo
Borghi to discover in France a Count Louis Join-
ville, who, in the year 1773, was with his Countess
at Modigliana, where the latter gave birth to a son
on the 16th of April; and that, if either of those
Persons were still alive, or the child born at Ma-
digliana, she was empowered to communicate to
them something of the highest importance.'
"Subsequently to this advertisement, she was
waited upon by a Colonel Joinville; but he derived
his title only from the reign of Louis XVIII. But
before the Colonel was out of the door, she had a
eall from the Abbe de Saint-Fare, with whom she
had the following conversation :
" The Abbe commenced—' The Duke of Orleans
having read your article, desired me this morning to
seek information respecting this succession; for we
presumed that the thing in question was nothing
else ; and at the period which you allude to, there
Was nobody besides the family of Orleans, to whom
the title of Joinville could belong.' Lady Newbo-
rough—, Was his Highness the Duke born at
Modigliana on the 16th of April, 1773 ?' The
Abbe--c He was born in that year, but at Paris,
on the 6th of October.' Lady Newborough—' I
ant sorry to have given you this trouble, for in that
ease he is quite a different person from the one I
seek; The Abbe—You, no doubt, know that the
late Duke was a great friend of the fair sex, and
the infant in question may have been born of one of
his favourites.' Lady Newborough—' No, the
child's legitimacy is undoubted.' The Abbe—
' That is very surprising; indeed the Duke ever
*rapt himself up in mystery.' Lady Newborough
Can you describe his appearance to me ?' The
Abbe--' Readily, Madam. He was a good-looking
Irian : his leg was well [made; his complexion was
somewhat darkish red; and bad it not been for the

.2,
fl 4

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 10, 1832

We are happy to hear that in the interviews
which M. CONTE and M. PIRON, the Director
and Sub-Director of Posies in Paris, have had
with the Duke of RICHMOND, since their ar-
rival in London, the most perfect readiness was
evinced on both sides to enter into an arrange-
ment for the establishment of a daily communi-
cation between the Post-offices of this country
and France. M. CONTE has waived the ob-
jection which he raised in the first instance, to the
employment of light carriages from Calais to Paris,
instead of sending the bags by man and horse, as
at present, and is willing to concede most of the
other points urged by the Duke of RICHMOND.
He insists, however, that the law which now
exists as to French vessels, by which they are
prevented from conveying English mails, shall
be abrogated, and the Duke of RICHMOND is
willing to propose the abrogation of it as soon as
the new Parliament shall meet; but the Duke, on
the other hand requires that the French Govern-
ment shall immediately prepare a sufficient number
of substantial• steamers to guarantee the punc-
tual and safe performance of their portion of
the contract. To this the French Govern-
ment are willing to agree. It is impossible,
therefore, that anything will prevent the comple-
tion of the arrangement in any way which will
be satisfactory to the commerce of both countries.

M. CONTE and M. PIRON have another ob-
ject in view than the mere settlement of this ques-
tion with the Duke of RICHMOND. They in-
tend to investigate the whole system of the Post-
office here, and to borrow from it whatever
would improve their own. The Duke of RICH-
MOND has liberally ordered that every possible
information should be afforded to them, and
they are to inspect the Post-office and dine there
this day.

No official account has been received from
Paris, by the French Ambassador, of the arrest of
the Duchess de BERRI. It is not supposed,
however, that the report of that event is incor-
rect. We believe it to be the opinion of our
Government and of persons connected with the
French Embassy, that the Duchess will not be
tried, but be immediately sent out of the country.
This may be the wish of the French Govern-
ment, and, under ordinary circumstances, the
French nation would concur in it ; but there is
a large body in France who contend that the sex
of the Duchess ought not to. protect her from the
legal consequences of her conduct, considering
of how much bloodshed she has been the cause.

The following are extracts from German
Papers received this morning :-
NUItEMBUII,6, Nov. I.—The brigade of four battalions
of infantry, two squadrons of light horse, and a battery,
which is ordered to Greece, amounts in all to 3,583, that
is, including the officers, subalterns, &c. Only such
subalterns and privates will be employed in this expedition
as have still at least two years to serve. The cavalry will

go without horses, Which are to be purchased in the king-
dom of Naples ; and when our men return to Bavaria,
the horses are to be Greek troops. It is under-
:teod that the Greek Government will have to take upon
it,&f not only the expense of the march of the troops,
but also their pay. It is positively affirmed that his Ma-
jesty King Otho will leave Munich at the same time as
the Greek Regency and the deputation, and will embark
at Naples. —Nuremburg Correspondent, Nov. 2.
_ _

PRAGUE, OCT. 26.—There is no need of such an elo-
quent appeal as Professor Jaake has given in his Weekly
Political Journal of Berlin, which is much read in the
higher circles here, to excite compassion for the exiled
Royal Family of France. We, at Prague, have not hearts
of atone, and wish the exiled family peace and consolation
in the consciousness of their innocence, and rejoice that
they have not been obliged to repair to Styria or Moravia,
to find a secure asylum ; but our E:nperor has assigned
them a residence in the venerable Palace on the Krad-
schin, from which there is an extensive view of the
fertile valley of the Malda, and also of our ancient
city. This may indeed be a bad exchange for the
five proposals from Holyrood, which Charles the Tenth
could not leave without exptessions of the most poignant
regret. But policy required that the exiled Bourbons
should be on the continent, and if France found it neces-
sary absolutely to protest against their residence in Italy,
it would be difficult to find a more suitable abode for them
than that now selected. The suite of apartments in the
second story of the Imperial Palace, on the Kradschin,
required no new and costly furniture or expensive arrange-
ments. Every thing is in the best condition : there is a
domestic chapel, besides the magnificent church of the
palace, and pleasant walks down to the grove behind the
palace, where there is now an opportunity for amusement
in shooting. All the necessaries of life are extremely
cheap, the country being very fertile. We are, of course,
unable to say any thing at present of the mode of life of
the Royal Family, as they have so lately arrived. Our
bankers, however, know that Charles X. had letters
credit on Hamburg for 80,0001. sterling. of which he
drew only 200,000 marks (about 12,5001.). He paid
1,400/. for the steam-boat which conveyed him to
Altona. According to the Emperor's commands, he
was received with all possible solemnity. The young
Prince Henry V. is very fond cf military sights.
It is a pity that our active commandant is absent on a
tour to Italy. When the King and the Prince entered
the kingdom at Gabel they were met by the civil and mi-
litary authorities of the circle. They had been previously
complimented at Goslitz by General Coudenhone. At
Zeetoru the King had.. a short interview with Prince
Maximilian, brother of the Duke of Saxony, who, partly
as a near relation, and partly from a grateful recollection
of the friendly reception which he had in Paris, came to
express in person his feelings towards the exiled Sovereign.
Zeitung, Nov. 3.

An Express has arrived from Paris, bringing
the Papers of Thursday. Their principal com-
ments are on the Belgian Question. The general
opinion in Paris was, that not a gun will be fired,
and that the King of HOLLAND will submit to
the Treaty entered into by Prince TA LLEYRAND
and Lord PA LMERsToNT. Marshal GERARD
has, it is said, received orders to enter Belgium
on the 12th, if the King of HOLLAND will not
surrender the citadel of Antwerp. How far
this is correct we cannot say ; but the Conven-
tion between France and England, it will be re-
collected, only authorizes the French troops to
enter Belgium on the 15th of November.
Paris was tranquil, and the Funds were steady.

We have advices from Barcelona to the 17th
ult. The reports from all parts of the kingdom
where the olive was cultivated mentioned that
the crops were more abundant than they had
been for many years past ; and as the fruit was
nearly ready for gathering, no fear of a
disappointment, as to ultimate abundance,
was entertained. The holders of oil, how-
ever, by no means pressed sales, notwith-
standing the great fall menaced by the state
of the crop. With respect to wines, the vintage
had been good, though not over abundant, and
was estimated as one-third more than that of
last year. In consequence, a decline had taken
place in the prices of both wines and spirits.

A report gains ground, in Westminster
Hall to-day, that the delay in filling up the
vacant office of ATTORNEY-GENERAL, arises
from the probability that his Honour the
MASTER of the ROLLS will immediately retire,
and that in that event the present SOLICITOR-
GENERAL is to be his successor, who other-
wise is to be the ATTORNEY-GENERAL.
Should this change take place in the office of
the MASTER of the ROLLS, it will be another
infusion of liberalism into the judicial seat of
this country, from which the public may speedily
expect to reap no inconsiderable degree of ad-
vantage.

We have read with great pleasure in one of
the country papers the report of a dinner given
by the electors of Wycombe to Colonel GREY,
son of Earl GREY, recently elected Member
for that borough on the Reform interest. The
speech of the Gallant Colonel was of course the
treat of the evening, and we are almost in-
clined to envy those who heard it. Out readers
shall judge whether we have. not cause. After
taking a rapid glance at the progress of liberal
principles for the last four or five years, Colonel
GREY said—
" The Reform Bill had now become the laviri4 the
laud ; and having become so, gave the people a right to
expect that they would soon obtain other Reforms equally
advantageous. He had no doubt but that they would soon
have a practical and beneficial Church BAorm.—( Great
cheering )—not a niggardly bit-by-bit Church Reform—
(Great cheering)—like the Pluralities Bill of last Ses-
sion—(Cheers)—but as full and ifficient, and because
fall and (fficient, as satisfactory a Church Reform, as
our own Reform Bill."—(lmmense cheering.)

We do not doubt that the cheering was im-
mense, for the declaration we have quoted,
coming from the quarter it does, may be
looked upon as almost of equal authority
with an announcement of Lord GREY'S,
in the House of Peers, and is certainly
sufficient to entitle us to take some credit to
ourselves for the correctness of the information
The Sun was the first to give with respect to
the intention of his MAJESTY'S Ministers on
the subject of the Church. This speech of the
Gallant Colonel's is a symptom which the
most obtuse of the Conservative party
must acknowledge tO be as ominous of the down-
fall of the abuses of the Church, as the speeches
of Sir ROBERT PEEL'S brother-in•law,
DAWSON, were of the passing of the Catholic
Question, months prior to that measure being
brought forward. The liberals of the
present
day have, however, this farther comfort in their
prospect, that they now understand what Earl
GREY and his Ministry mean by " a full and
efficient Reform." In order, however, that weak
people, to whose ears " Reform" sodnds like
,c Revolution," may not be alarmed, Colonel
GREY, in the course of the evening, let us some-
what into the secret of the details of the 4 49
Ninis"
o,
terial measure, by saying-L.
" He had already told them that be wished to see, and

that they were likely loon to ape, a full awl satisfactory
Church Reform ; hut no Church Reform could be either full
or satisfactory which did not provide a just compensation
for the working clergy."

The sentiments of Colonel GREY upon seve-
ral other subjects, of almost equal importance
to the above, are such as cannot fail to give sa-
tisfaction to all sensible and moderate men. On
the great questions of slavery, economy, and the
ballot, he says—
" They would also have a speedy abolition of slavery ;
—(Cheers)—for it was impossible to suppose that, being
free themselves, they would be mean enough to keep
others of their fellow creatures long in slavery.—(Cheers.)
They would also have a more rigid economy observed in
every branch of the public service ; for the economy of a re-
formed Parliament would not be an economy in name, but a
rigid, searching, all-pervading economy.—(Cheers.) He
knew that many persons were of opinion that the system
of intimidation and coercion, which the Tories were at
present pursuing in all parts of England, ought to be
punished in the next Parliament by the adoption of the
ballot. He admitted that the Tories had done enough to
provoke such a punishment ; but he was not inclined to
adopt the ballot until he had seen more of the practical
working of the Reform Act. The Reform Act was an
experiment on a great scale ; and if, unfortunately, it
should not be so successful in is working as many
of its friends anticipated, then he should be ready to vote
for the adoption of the ballot, in order to get rid of that
improper interference in elections wbich honest men of all
parties equally deprecated.
We are satisfied that however a Reformed
Parliament may work as a whole, it will be
found as necessary as it is just to protect voters
exposed to the tyranny of such landlords as the
Tories have throughout the country proved
themselves to be, " from suffering for conscience
sake."

A very important Statistical Paper has just
been published by Mr. PRATT,'the Barrister—
appointed to certify the rules of Savings' Banks
and Friendly Societies in England and Wales—
who has already been made favourably known to
the public by former publications of a similar
nature. That at present before us is a table
showing the increase or decrease of Savings'
Banks, depositors therein, Friendly Societies,
and Charitable Societies, in every county
of England, Wales, and Ireland, between No-
vember, 1830, and November, 1831.

To us, who have been so long and so
earnestly endeavouring to impress upon the
people that no one can so effectually help
them as they can help themselves, the results
exhibited by this table, are upon the whole, ex-
ceedingly satisfactory. It appears that in the
year embraced by the returns the increase in
the number of depositors in Savings' Banks
throughout the Kingdom, is not less than
13,754 ; so that the mass of happy people, who
have saved something out of their incomes
" against a rainy clay," must have been greatly
augmented, although not probably to the whole
extent of the increased number of depositors
here given ; for there are yet, we fear, many
who, however inclined to economise, are not
sufficiently aware of their security and value to
place their money in Savings' Banks. Besides
these individual depositors, there has been an
increase in the number of accounts kept for
Friendly and Charitable Societies of four
hundred and fifty-three, a most important and
gratifying fact. We should mention, that although
the number of depositors has so vastly increased
throughout Ireland, Wales, and England, for
which latter the increase of accounts is 9,499,
vet that it is only in the first that the amount
invested in the funds on their account has corre-
spondingly increased, that for England and
Wales having been diminished by 7,6441. As
the falling off, however, appears to have taken
place chiefly among the depositors of above
2001., it does not necessarily imply pressure
of distress upon them, for that would first be
felt by the small depositors, the number of whom
save wonderfully increased. Deducting the
falling off, on account of England and Wales,
the total increase of investment on account of
Savings' Banks is 114,9981.

CHOLERA MORBUS, OFFICIAL REPORT.
