TILIF STN. LONDON. SATURDAY. JANUARY 11. IMO.

bosom of society, horn which no wheat—nothing
but dwappointinent and bitterness—will ever grow.

Tile French Chanibcir of Deputies has not for-
fotten to embody for the tenth time, in its annual
address to the throne, its wishes for the restoration
of the rationality of Poland. Such perseverance is
credi:,lble to the patriotism and the humanity of the
Clituni)er ; though the continued necessity for it
exhibiis but a sorry proof of the influence which
the, wishes of the most respectable branch of the
French Legislature has in directing the Councils of
the Cabinet. We have repeatedly stated that the

time is past for offering up vows for the restoration

of Polish nationality. That great event can only
be achieved by a combined effort on the part of
France and England, aided as it would be indirectly
by the secret influence of Austria, and the neutra-

lity of Prussia. It is not by words but deeds that
Poland can be restored to her proper rank in the
great family of rn-tions. Still words are useful to
keep alive the memory of her wrongs—to cherish
hope in the breasts, of her enslaved children—
and to prepare the world, when the proper time
comes, for her resuscitation. It is evident that the
slight breach recently made between the Courts of
Paris and St. Petersburgh, is widening, and that those
courtesies in speech which Governments are accus-
tomed to employ when speaking of equivocal allies,

arc sometimes forgotten. The Emperor NICHOLAS
was the first to indulge in such a license of speech,
and the French Government has not failed to resent

the indignity by retaliation. But a more remark-
able circumstance than the allusion to the fate of
Poland in the address of the Deputies, to which
we shall revert presently, remains to be noticed.
For the first time since the revolution of July, the
Chamber of Peers has made the persecution of the
Poles a subject of discussion on the address, with

the full concurrence of the President of the Council
and the other Members of the Cabinet. When M
DE TAscHER, a Peer, complained that the Catho-
lics were persecuted in Russia, and demanded why
Cracow bad not been evacuated by the troops of
the three Powers agreeably to the provisions of the

treaty of Vienna, Marshal SOULT, in the name
of the Government, stated that France would not
suffer a violation of treaties; that she was only await-
ing the proper time to act with effect; and that

the silence of the Cabinet was to be taken as a dis-
approval of the conduct of Russia. This is going
pretty far, and indicat's clearly enough the disposi-
tion of the French Government. But why a delay
which, if protracted, must find Poland so broken-
spirited as to be unable to maintain the inde-
pendence to which Europe may restore her ? The
corroding rust of slavery soon eats into the souls of
men, especially when they are not so much as suf-
fered to cherish recollections. This is a fact rather
referred to as surprising than stated as incontro-
vertible in the paragraph relative to Poland in the
address of the Chamber of Deputies. It runs as
follows :

" In all the questions which divide the world, France
only wishes for justice, she only demands respect for all
rights. How could she cease to remind Europe of those
of the ancient Polish nationality, and the neglected gua-
rantees which treaties gave to a generous people, and
whose misfortune seems increased byjime."
The misfortunes of the enslaved must increase
by time. Every day robs the enslaved nation of
some virtue, and implants in her bosom some vice
unknown in a state of independence. Poland, if
free to-morrow, would not recover from the effects
of the many evils she has sustained during the last
ten years of slavery, for a quarter of a century to
come. The longer she is left to hear the
yoke of Russia, the more difficult it will
be to rid her of it. Let the blow, then,
he struck at once, ere the sparks of independence

be wholly extinguished in the breasts of her heroic
sons. Here there can be no jealousy between the
Cabinets of London and Paris. Their obligations
and interests are the same, and their means of ful-
filling the former and advancing the latter are
ample, and immediately within their reach. Why
then hesitate to yield to the impulses of duty and
patriotism, backed by the entreaties of the oppressed
imploring deliverance ? We require no other gua-
rantee for the freedom of Western Europe, and the
independence of Turkey, than the establishment of
a Constitutional Government i❑ Poland.

Letters and papers from Madr;cl of the 2nd inst.
have reached us. They announce the -occurrence
of some outrages in Valencia in which several
lives were lost. All that we learn respecting them
is that they were entirely unconnected with poli-
tics. No further news had been received from the
army. On the Bourse business was exceedingly
dull. The Five per Cents left off at 274 for cash.

The French Journals of Thursday contain no
news of the least political importance. On Wed-
nesday evening a deputation of the Chamber of
Peers presented the address of that body, in answer
to the Speech from the Throne, to the KING. The
following is his MAJESTY'S answer :

The sentiments expressed in this address have
filled my heart with satisfaction. I thank you for my-
self and all my family. The intimate union of the
power., of the State, of which you give me a new assu-
rance, constitutes the main force of our institutions, and
discourages those who might still dream of their over-
throw. This salutary union fills with confidence all the
honest men who desire nothing but the repose and pros-
perity of France, under the tutelar segis of constitu-
tional monarchy. Your noble language, in expressing
this truth, proves to me that I may rely on the loyal
assi,,tance which you ever granted my Government for
the welfare of the country."

In the Chamber of Deputies the debate on the
Addiess commenced on Thursday. The principal
speai,ers were MINI. DE LA GRANGE, MONNIER.
TESTE, DE GIVRE, DESNIEUSSEAUX,
DIroITA-
TEL, and DurtN. The debate was languid, the
attacks of the Opposition being. directed against
trivial acts of the Ministry.
On Thursday, the funeral of the late Archbishop
of Paris was celebrated with great pomp at the
cathedral church of Notre Dame. Cardinal DE
LATOUR D'AUVERONE, Bishop of Arras, is
spoken of as his successor.
The journal des Debats of Thursday has the
following tamperate remarks on the speech of the
Duke DE NOAILLFS, in the Chamber of Peers, re-
lative to the disagreement between France and
Enagl pp the Eastern Question :

" The Palo of Noailles triumphed in the disagree-
ment between France and England ; but he must have
seen, from what M Villemain said, that these passing
differences have not diminished the just confidence which
we have in the English alliance. We do not want Eng-
land as an imaginary ally—an ally in her own despite.
Our ;;Iliance is on the contrary sure and. real, espe-
cially in the East, since it was founded on the inte-
rests of both eounteies, it is said that England is
with us at the Bosphorus, but against us at Suez.
This is true ; but Constantinople is the most impor-
steacnotnit 4ry. i:i.i
consideration,essennailnamightilodu
obt prefer to have a whilst Egypt is but
pnrefer the fernier, Me-
feeble Paella at Oairo
.forEcegdyptto4ndchothoseenbues:
f sisaa•e4n a
..tctornosutbalnetsiontonpel
cp,oittennituast l potentate
liemel at 4.l4ai,4ria may be a source of embarrassment,
but Nicholas at ~;onspitittgeple would be an irreparable
blow ; e tborp in the foot is better than a broken leg.
Therefore, let -negociaters and journalists seei.c tg dis_
gnise truth as they will, and hat the eleyerest diplomatist
go to iippdon ; the Russians can than make no other
offer tbap t4s,t. of ceding Alexandria and taking Con,
4rigli'ts4 Ministry, Tory or Whig, could
such a
proposition, ft 4eps not indeed appear
that England is at all so anxious ano;it li.ed Sea
and Sue.i. as about Affghanistan ; and Prance way my
well have so,riw difference of opiniott with England
bout Egypt, witiwut9.kal at all disturbed
at Constantinople.
following extracts include the lait.St intelll-
gencefrom Aigier;;
The Toulbiznais; C)f the 6th instant, states that the
