rift fs AND ofr TERA'ATt;

,
. ,
Ttie following t xtraet cif a Letter froiii an Of.
ficer employed `in the late successful Expectition
'against this-Settlement, Will not, we conceive; be
unacceptable to the generality of oar Readers. The
importance which has ever been attached •to the pos::
session of Ternate, the principal of all the Moluccas,
tiiay be Colleaed from the ieport of almost every
Navigator who has' traversed thoge 'seas: To the
British in patticular,
,possetSing Amboyna , and
Bands, Ternate is an acquisition of the. :Very first
consequence: The intrigues to whiCh the in..
ternal Government of our Settlements would ne-
,cessarily have been. subje6ed- from the proxi-
mity of so considerable a Station.. remaining in
the hands : of an Enetny, had not :the Dutch been
fully employed v •home by incessant " tarfare ever
since our capture of -these Islands, with the na-
tive Prince, NERATIO, must be obvious to every
person at all acquainted with the policy of the Ene-
my, or_the state of the Moluccas. The redudion
of this Island has been for several years, as I in..
formed' you. in my last, a favourite- objeft with
Mr. ROBERT FAROUHAR,, the Company's Resi-
dent :at the Moluccas, but for want of , due
co-operation .and suppott, he has never, till now,
been able to accomplish an event •so politic in
itself, and so advantageous to. British Commerce
in general.—One Expedition failed in January last,
which is to be attributed to the want of cordial
coecurrence in the measure l lif,,ehe...' commander of
His Majesty'S Naval FOrCe, :Who, from reasons no
doubt reconcilible to :his ' ifistruetions,- declined
bringing his Ship to bear against-the Enelnyls Fort's,-
Mr. FAitoufteat, therefore,. considered, the-British"
Honour pledged to a renewal of the attack, and, in,
deed, if the capture were, in the first instance,
esteemed of 'importance, it, became now dotibiy so
from the effeet this failure of our arms might
.have
.bad upon the surrounding tribes 'and-States. No
time, -therefore, wasiost by our Resident in equin-
ping a second Expedition,- to the joint command of
which His Majesty's principal Naval Officer Was
again invited. This he positively declined.: we•
were compelled therefore to act w. the: assist-,
ance of the-King's Ships on thi:s,sya. ()476-I,:y.itha Land
Marine,FOrce, solely in theti3t4aq.,,,rservice:
'We launched forth with. a idolain to4fetrieVe the
turtle we had hazarded by ogfLilei faittitd. ; We.
arrived off--Iqtiate in the latteOlil
.Of Apt)l; and'
en-the 'i rst of June the Garrison of Fort Oriuiglr and
Island, with all its numerous dependencies, 'suit-ren-
dered to the British Arms, after a severe contest ,f
..52 days, during which _ the but& governor.ditio,
guished'hiMsdi by a very gallant and able defric4e:
f'hotigti by the;-aetive vigilanee of Captain HAy ES,
who commanded the Marine Force, the annual
.supplies for the Island were cut off, and shocking
to 'relate, from to to zo of the inhabitants,perished
daily by famine, •during the greater part of the .
Stegt. Our loss, considering the service, and the.
--vigor Otis defence ,of the Enemy, is very trifling,
and when you refled upon the strength of the place,
and the small Foree we were able to bring against
it, I think you will join with me, in paying that
tribute to the courage, skill and condud of Colo..
-nel *ma, who commanded 'in Chief, to which
„every soldier and, sailor in our little armament will
`bear testimony.—The strength of T.ernate may be in
.some degree estimated by the account SALMON gives
ofitin his Modern History—" The first Fort built
here," he says, " Tallaco ; the next the strong Castle
_of Orange : -after which they looked upon themselves
ao.be so well fixed, that they.delied all the nations
of Europe to disposses them."-,-Thus then, at length,
ail important objet is attained and a territory ac_
.
gaited, which might have been classed among our
Eastern possessions, several years back, . had the
heads of the different departments been more united,.
or equally anxious for the Honour and-Pm.Terity
of the British Name.--A ver)y interesting Lorre-
sPondence was also intercepted by Capt. Hav'es,
(Who, in every instance, distinguished himself as an
able
.Coadjutor to our brave Leader and Chief)
dispatched from the Council sit; Batavia. to the
Dutch Governor, at Teroat.ji jait, which.el hear
it reported, - much matter Of aitaftirinationeis laid'.
„.. • .
open, and the advantage, o erat,laersteiradeed, the
,necessity .of' our being in'- poskssicin-•, of this
;island, for the security, *of. dim iother Settle-
ments, is fully confirmed by the ground-Wor,k of a
new Policy which is there laid open to us. ' A
projected union Ayith their [Enemy, Prince. Nt R -
vl9, (before alli4ed t0.),.,i5, mentioned as a leading
piece of intelligence„. .which, had it taken 'place,
would_ have enabled the Dutch to dire, all their.
foice against - dui Possessions, and- had alie effetl-of
.uniting the numerous Flee.t.Of small .Craft, which
that Chieftain had hitherto - employed 'against
them, to their own Marine, ,and have eventually.
Counterbalanced our Force in these Seas.-. - The
:shores
,of ''Ariihoyna and Banda, wiould_ have
been sUbjeaed. to
_the- piratical de-predations of
the surrounding_ States ;- and._ oar very existence
in this quarter of :the Globe have been rendered
-precarious: and' uncertain. All
.these plans how..
ever are now happily frustrated by our new•
conquest, and I have no doubt that the lenient,
though manly and 'decisive conduct, which has
throughout chdraEterised the Adminitration of
public affairs at Amboyna, the Seat of Government,
will have the effett of reconciling all parties, and
subduing the spirit of opposition and faftion—
When you refer to an early Letter of mine, describL
ing the'distraeted and disorderly state of .Amboyn42
both with respea to manners and finance, when,
Mr. FAitQuHAR was five years. ago" appointed to
.the Residency,.. and Compare it wit} aheir.efortn and
refinement it bas undergone by themgmigf,p9.neis,
Nation, and the rigid scrupuloupesktlaishAppobeen -
observed by that Gentleman in dile dispensation' of
justice, and in the. imposition dfcrtigligifiNne iild sa--
lu,taty laws of restrietion tipoh.ilia itlitieccdthmerce.
from which the former anarchy a rosao yOlf iv Ul see .
the clue_ to a final . adjustment of 'claims ainot all
the neighbouring Chiefs, who will now become our
zealous partizans, from the benefit they will de-
rive from our friendship, and the power which we
now may boast of protecting them. Mr. Wm..
TER FARQUHAR is appointed by the Resident (his
brother), Lathe important charge of the Administra-
'don of the Company's Civil and Commercial Af...
fairs 'at Ternate, an appointment which has given
universal: satisfattion. It is a curious fact, that

Tern,te eescl:cA to _Sir RANCTS
DRAKE, A. D. 109, by the then reigning' Prince,
vv_ho, wearied of the insolenee, Of the .Portueiese,
Who pretended to debar his- subjeas from trading,
with >any other nation, gave hiM his signet as. a
token of submision to Queen EL. IZAIIETH•
Dated July, .1801.

41N3i_if14 LE MONDE; iSeicie

Dais fei saget tites; clans les vastes Forets,
Tu souis ties Doucetirsd'une'proleitde paix,
Et vois loin des Combat- top hetiteuse-Anteri9u6;
L'Europe, pout L'Asi4 -ensanglantit,y.;!Afrique,

THE THEAiltE.—(Aen..,ps, MCP. BIt.LINGTON
i:i has appeared in the Ope 0r Artaxerxes; it atirsCl-
- nearly as large an Audietlet as ever last night at
Drury-Lane Theatre. This' admirable Performer
sung with her usual excellence.. The Audience,
amidst all the pleasure which her talents excited,
seemed to be sensible of the fatigue which must ne-
cessarily attend her exertions, and, therefore, only
encored her in ".Let. not rage,'.! and 'c The Soldier
tir'd," both of which she warbled so exquisitely as
to extort the demand of a repetition. The Opera
went off with great eclat, to which KELLY and
Mrs..MouvTAIN contributed,. as well as the he
.
rome of the Piece.

Th.:: idle report of the death of MUNDEN, on
Sunday last, gave to Kentish-Town the sable ap.
pearance which is .generally attributed to a Levee
after the decease 'of a Bishop. = A number of his
friends and professional Brethren, all in.deep mourn-
_ ing, ,and displaying their cambric handkerchiefs,
-weut to console his widow, and to inquire into all
the fatal circumstances. :MUNDEN played his own
Gbost very well for, a few 'minutes : but he soon re-
suinedhis usual liveliness, _ and gave a hearty regale
to the kind but. misled enquirers.
An altercation has, it seems, taken place at Bo-
- tany Bay; -in the Green-Room of the Theatre, .rela-
tive to Tbe Biggar's Opera. In bringing forward
that piece,
.the Nlangger .might reasonably be sup-
posed to have intended some refletion on the Per-
formers; acknowledged, that the
Drama itself was. -very, vtk4}ll:llOsen, and might. he
expcdlz,l to be ate ed to
Botany Bay is likely *me. one 9f the most
polite regions of the globe. --Among other fashionable
characters lately ignported to that quarter we find,
by accounts'-from Bfinbriyithat they 'have been
favoured with a Duellist and-his Second. •

PALM reit) the _Aatir,.has very molestly'annonneed
his intention of attenzping Falstaff: In order,to
.have the best chance Of being successful in*perform-
ing the facetious fat .I:nig/at, be should attend to
the poet, and not puzzle himself. with the Annota.
tors, lest by their illustrations the text, should be
elueidaiea' into obscurity-.
"The Archbishop Pr.A.T-ow, who consecrated the
Emperor, ALEXANDER of Russia, and who pro-
nounced a fine discourse upon that occasion, is aged
105 years.

Mr. RANDLE tAcKsax's reliignation_ of the of_
Advocate .i3eneral of IVl:ctr,t6, i 5 9emewilLt of
an odd event. It is not long since thi's Gentleman
obtained the appointment, and he certainly cannot
be thought to have resigned- it on account of
.jFeia/
fatigue.

We are told •in a Morning Paper of yesterday,
" that the ,rivers of. Franca'are in a state of Insur_
reetion; -and that BONAPARTi, like ACRILLES, will
have' to contend with river Gods, to keep his Go-
,verument floatzne.." Now in the only contest which
we recollett that ACHILLhS_ had with a river
"God, his great obje& was_ to kerphimse/fitorging.
Though the Telegraph be a modern invention,
yet the word is extremely ancient, for hefore,the
Norman Conquest it was used to signify a Charier,
or giantof Land. _ ,

A great many of the Convias at Botany Bay,
who have sewed the time for. ,which they were
sentenced, find. their way, by means of the Country
Traders, to the: Company's' Settlements in. India.
Most of the, lower,nieelthnirs in the City of Cal-
cutta, are' of this description, and 'are very useful
Members of the Community. •
A strange, and we' hope singular circumstance,
occurred a few 'years since at Cremona in Italy :
A woman of celebrity,- residing at that place, and
who was known to have married a man of property,
was accused, in consequence of hiS long absence, of
having contrived his death, the betier to enjoy the
illicit intercourse of another man. . Several 'exa..
minations took place, in which her conduct appear-
ed sd suspicious, that she was threatened with the
torture, the' fear of which induced her to confess
a crime. she had never cormnitted.
m The Judge con-
dened her accordingly, and the,poor innocent suf-
fered death. -About five or six days after her exe-
cution the husband arrived, having 'been kept 'three
years in slavery by. the Algetines, who had Made
him prisoner. He inquired after his wife, and soon
,
learned her unjust accusation and unfortunate death.
In the paroxysm of his anguish he appeared before
her _accusers and her judge, upbraiding them JUT
their cruelty and- injustice : but instead.of gaining
consotation .for the wrongs clOne to his wife,' they
treated him .as an impostor, insisting that the real
husband had been murdered, and that the deceased
was guilty, and condeMned him to perpetual, banish.,
merit for his impious conduti, in supposing the judge'
to be capable of acting wrong..
•. 'Wednesday night, -)net arwonayatts, the Exeter
Mail Coach was aveti.urnediltfy,`the snow having
fallen deep and driftcki9.forllt vTlie guard.-and
passengers escaped unliti.butbuttile coachman was
ho kicked. by a rse, 'and 'ltiarlY suffocated, and
obliged to. be .left at -an In' 'The 'The guard COok One
of the horses .to- for the Mail to Salisbury 4,
but the snow Tailing fast, he could not see the-
road, and lost his way, un the Downs, until a.
coach coming up'wisth lamps, he made for it,.
and.
with it arrived at Salisbury.

A 3 a Gentleman was riding on Christmas-day
from Bruton to Witham Friar, Le observed a snake
crossing the turnpike-road, which he killed : it
measured three feet in length, and was of prodigious
bulks
