TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.

Sia—The article you lately inserted in your paper re-
specting the late Mr. F. Gent; induced me to re-peruse,,
his " Fragment on the balance of power in Europe,
which he published a few months aft,r the battle of Aus
terlitz. That work exhibits Get many as she had, in con-
sequence of her ancient divisions, fallen under the yoke of
Napoleon. Gentz then argued with talent and energy for
the union and unity of his unfortunate country, 'whose sa-
cred cause he afterwards abandoned when he became the
instrument of Austrian diplomacy, and gave himself com-
pletely up to Prince Metternich and the Cabinet of Vienna•
It is well known that in the memorable struggle ef
1813 and 1814, Austria and Prussia were rescued from
the yoke of France by the valour and fidelity of the Ger-
m in% and it is equally well known that the promises
which the Sovereigns, at the moment of danger, made to
the people were never realized. The political state of
Germany has since undergone no important change.
There still exist the same disunion, the same want of
solid links to connect the common interests of all the
members of the Confederacy, and the same imperfection
in the most essential institutions, as well as in the
political organization of the whole. In a new European
commotion, which must sooner or latter occur, the
enemy will find Germany as disunited, and ee
incapable of a vigorous resistance, as she was in the
eras of Louis XIV., and Napoleon. Neither the act
of Confederation, signed in 1815 at the Congress of Vienna,
nor the Diet of Frankfort, have yet satisfied the resl
wants of Germany. In like manner the new determina-
tions which have resulted from the long negotiations of
the Cabinets of Vienna and Berlin, and which Count
Munch Bellinghausen, the Austrian Minister and Presi-
dent of the Diet, has just brought to Frankfort, are as
little capable as were the famous Carlsbad resolutions to
check the progress of politial liberty in Germany. Hoe
ever, we may be certain that the Diet of Frankfort will
not fail soon to exhibit the new fetters which the German
Sovereigns, and chiefly the Emperor of Austria and the
King of Prussia, wish to impose to repress free discussion,
prevent the publicity of the sittings of representative as-
semblies, and to put down altogether the liberty of the
pres., of which they are the declared adversaries. At
this critical moment I consider it useful to submit to public
opinion the following address of Gentz to the Germans, on
the situation of Germany in 1806, as that situation re-
mains still much the same. S.

"ADDRESS BY GENTZ TO THE GERMANS; WRITTEN IN

1806, AFTER THE BATTLE OF AUSTERLITZ.

" Must it be formally demonstrated, that every member
of a state, however insignificant he rcay be, has, besides
the common wants of life, other desires of a higher nature,
among which national honour, a respected name, an inde-
pendent constitution, a fixed and well assured interest in
the political system of his country, hold a principal place?
These truths must be felt, and those who are insensible to
them, can never be convinced of them by argument•
When a people or a generation is so far degraded by ego'
tram, and by a low and contracted manner of thinking, as
to have lost all sense of public interest, as to weigh the
value of independent existence in the same balance witb
th- commonest benefits, and to view the loss of liberty and
honour as an event of indifference, then it is no longer
time to appeal to noble feeling—slavery is complete before
the oppre•sor has appeared.

" The Governments have exposed themselves to much
well merited censure. But one bright prospect still re'
mains, and this, which is a mighty consolation, no malice
of fate can darken. The brave, the upright, and the
good, however small their number may be, must remain
steadfast and inseparable—must mutually instruct, admo-
nish, bear wiih, support, and inspirit bne another. A
league between them is the only power—the only invinci'
ble coalition—which can restore liberty to the nation and
repose to the world.
" Ye, who, in the wreck of time, live in the midst Of
desolation, who have saved the first and most precious of
all goods—a free, enlightened mind, an honest and sensi.•
h'e heart, and affection for the sacred relics of humanity,
and who have courage to sacrifice every thing for these—"
ye proved and valiant heroes of the age, who in mind and
in truth have been always victorious—ye, to whom these
words are particularly addressed—ye are the distinguished
ornaments of your country. He who hash selected you to
reconcile posterity with the present generation, has doomed
you to the hardest troubles and moat fiery trials. Where'
ever you turn your eyes, you are surrounded with disco'!"
ragement. Our country is depressed and profaned ;
part of its Princes openly and avowedly bear the yoke of
a foreign power. The energies of our great nation are
scattered, divided, turned aside into feeble rills, or into
corrupt and stagnant pools, or into exhausting drains, and
lost for every national object. Property honestly se'
quired vanishes or migrates, industry is sick and crippled.
Your lamentations are vainly spent in the air, your de:.
scription of your ruin is considered at best as matter 0'
idle amusement or • literary curiosity. Even where you
are still permitted to disturb the slumbers of those nth°
are at the head of the Governments, they think they do
great deal if they tolerate you as tiresome friends or well
meaning enthusiasts ; the greater part listen to you with
uneasy feelings, nay, even with fear ; and the moment is
visibly approaching, when a long and gloomy silence Will
be the law of your social existence, and the hard but ins
perious condition of your personal liberty.
" As long as you remain upright, nothing is sacrificed
which may nut be reinstated. Even the grave opens, a°4
death is only apparent when the vital principle still exists
in the heart.

" Never forget that Germany is the true central point
of all the movements, by means of which the Conti-
nent of Europe, sooner or later, must be delivered from
servitude. The arbitrary code of laws to which it is 4t
present subject, torn to pieces, the imposing edifice °r
temporary power thrown down, and a new and immortal
compact formed between liberty, order, and peace, for rills
happiness of future times—neither England nor France
can accomplish this. The proper work of- liberation
must be accomplished on German soil. Germany ha°
been the cause of Europe's fall ; Germany must rescue
,
her from her state o! ruin. Not all the energies or arts of
France—not even that wild convulsive force, which
sprung like a tempestuous cloud from the poisoned abre,
of the revolution—not the personal prowess or dexterity ol
any actor in that revolution—could have heaved the world
from its centre. Through the defencelessness of Germany
alone has this been accomplished. Our unhappy eternal
discords, the division of our force, the mutual jealousY °,
our princes, the want of unison for the common inter°.
--
of the nation,these have been the spoilers, these the
destroyers of our liberty, these have been our mortal ear
males, oaks, and the enemies of 'the peace of Europe. If
unite—if we forget our family feuds—if in the hour °
danger, in the hour of general pressure, we can resolve t"„
be Germans, we shall thus defy every assault ; never,
wi Il a foot's breadth of German territory become
prey to an insolent stranger—never will the mo,t did't
off from
tent member of the great European system be stole"'
its compact and vigorous body—nay rofet:
we shall have the credit of restoring France, wh'e-
has been so deeply convulsed, and which still re-.
mains in a distempered condition, to a state of true Oa,.
hopeful convalescence, (for who can compare its preset'
situation to a state of health !) and of conducting it I°
a tranquil and harmonious existence, and a happy recon.c.l"
liation with itself; a measure, which, if performed
wisdom, would establish and protect for centuries to 07
the constitution of Europe, in the whole and in each

its p
" In a state of division we have been subjected, in 3
state of union we must rise from subjection. Rut if the
political energies of Germany are ever to act in concert;
the national will must be previously united. Here ! big
spirited and magnanimous Germans! Scattered, ba,
object ! C.nstitutional representatives of the
undivided in spirit, allied by identity of sentiment and
nation!
Here an honourable field opens before you; cultivate Peactt
