LINFaANT. ANr TER2.E FILI S.

FOR THE SON.
.
i.ope what I sent yon on
these Gumknoll will nut he, thought ti.sttety,
though I ceitaioly meant to compliment the keen-
ness of tlteir eves on the Roman Catholic (jot's-
(ion, which have 'so opened mine, that. I have not
been able shire thern since, either sleeping or.
waking. Terre. Filins. is a good citizen of the
world, but I
wish Laotranc had chosen a name
atnong the dorions Reformers. Erasmni, Lit-
t her, Cranmer, Wickcliffe, Hooper, &c. would
have been more applicable; because Lanfranc
Inereeded Stigard as Archbishop of Canterbury,
under onr Henry 1., and was a rtullt Papist. He
was therefore not a' proper person to d 4,11 out /he
brains of his own people, the Roman Catholics,
as he has done. Yet so pleased am I -with hint,
that 'whim he is stitched Sub a pamphlet I shall
purchase him. if the price crone' within the reach
of my Peter Pence, verily believing, when I read
hins again, I become a convert, particularly
so, as 'Petrie Filins has made the picture of the
Roman Catholics to hideous, aud their
.preten-
sions to vome into civil trust under a Protestant
Government so preposterously unjust !
Ever since the formai ion of the -see of ANTlocit
and !toms:, and potting P. ter in the Chair, the
origin and continuance of Popery has been a pious
fraud on the ignorance of the people, to trighten
them into a quiet obedience to slavery and despo-
tic will. The holy author of our religion did not
intend that his Church should be an engine of
state policy; but rather, front the purity of faith,
and moral obligation, to tnake all States unneces-
sary; nor did the Emperor COtistantine intend,
when lie took the Church under his protection,
that its doctrines shonlit ever become a traffic 'of
the world. It was to nourish it for the general
good of his people, Hot to Oppress them, fetter
their minds, and sear their conscience, under the
domineering powers of a Pope, pretending to be
the Holy Father of a State Church. This is con-
traryro the Gospel of his great Master, and it is not
becaose he and his predecessors cow end, that if
the State had not thought it worthy of support
it would have vapoured away, that their pre-
sumption is to be justified. What arrogance it
is in them to declare that they derive their earthly
power trim) Constantine, who made them a deed
of gift' of Rome, Italy, and its dependencies.
What had they to do With territory ? The king-
dom of their founder was not of this world; yet
they say they can produce the very deed. Why
hold forth that Peter fought for his Divine Pre-
ceptor with two swords, one civil, the other ec-
clesiastical, which afterwaids descended from him
to them, in a direct line, notwithstanding he de-
nied and'renonnced
In sli.ort, Sir, lam so sick ofmy Rot Cal•
tlioliC prejudices, that I shall soon • come within
the .treedom of the Protestant Chore!), and corn-
mane with Laofranc and Terror In the
mean time, if I knew where they lived, I would
send each of them an Mal) ham, a sack of pota-
toes, and a couple of gallons of choice whiskey,
as a token of respect borne them by -

FATHER O'BLAZE.

* * We sincerely wish, and we have before
expressed our wish, that some pattiotic B“ok-
Iler, attached to Our political Consiwion in
• Chore., and State, would collect and publish the
Letter, of these able' Writers, crprirate or toge-
ther.—Tke gr,lt e potserfnl reasonittg,
exteA!sivt learning, atid impressive eloquence of
LANFR, NC. are ad 1)4,0) y s.!pportirl by the deep
knowl,dl.4e, .y a•Lfontents, and original hu-
mour of Eh R.& t iLIUS, and therefore, in case
the CATHOLIC QuEsTIoNI • botd,l be introdoced in
the Ne,.% Parliaent, the I,,ttirs of these Wri'ers
will form ;I good Political Manual for both of our
Legislative Bodies

Sill JOHN OLmitxotu.—This Gentleman, we
End, lately died in the United States of America,
to which he removed from this country Many
years ago. He was the granary' of ihe lam ,us
Critical and political writer, Mr. JoIIN OLDMIXoN,
who severely attacked l'opE, and was more se-
! verelvattacked by the Vol in return. The daugh-
ter Of 'Jr. OLosincotst married an eminent Italian
Musician, whose name was Moast.L4, by whom
she had the Gentleman whose death we have no-
ticed. YOong AtoRtiLLA, however, in re-
verrnce for the memory of his Grandfather,
and the family from which he descended,
and which formerly possessed considerable
property at Oldmixon, in Soinersetsbire, ob-
tained a licence to assume the name of his an-
cestors. Ile was many years in the Army, and
Gentleman of the Bedchamber to the Doke of
PORTLAND during his Viceroyalty in Ireland, and
was then knighted by that Nobleman. Sir Joi,IN
onre figuted'in the higher cirele3 of fashion, and
is one of the characters ititioduced by theArite
ingenious Ilaknv BUMWRY in his ludicrous
Drawing of The Long Dance, from which there
JOHN Was pO3SUSSrd of
lively ialeio..7, and much humour in conversa-
tion. - He bad also a taste for ludicrous poetry,
and soon after the opening Of the HoYALTY
THEATRE, t.inised PALMFa with a whinisiC4l
under the title of dpollo
:urnea Stroller," the music of which, was bill).
'vie.; by his ti Omit Dr.AalloLD.---Sir. JOHN mar.
tied iss Cs ORGS, a celebrated Vocal Per-
lorito:r in her day. They unhappily disagreed
duriipg their residence in America, mid were di-
voiced ac6o, dipg to the Lawl, of the 11141(11:it Hi es.
Finding his 1 au -pay, and eves the earnings of his
wife, iiisuf&iriit if, provide for a growing family,
and having considerable konwledge r,f gardening,
he cultivated the earth, and drove his own car,
with the prodoee of li!s labours, to market
litn-
self, and appemed as easy in ghat character as he
did veil., n ice pet-forme(' wit.l) great succt:s Justice
Woodcock in the p 1 v, and Mordecai in the farce,.
with several other Gentlemen, to gratify a great-
Personage at Brighton. His mother lived to
very advanced age. She had been a very fine
woman, elegant in her manotrs, and of an Anita-
ht. and intelligent character, but inheriting all
het father's didike to the Memory o PopE. Sir
JOkIN must have beeu about sixty years ot oge,
