3,lay the man, for, by God's grace, we will light up such a
Fire in England this day as shall never be extinguished,"
and that blaze, in the pr, sent miseries and oppressions of
Stamford would he the progress of public opinion on the
ballot.—(Cheers.) Mr. Parkes then detailed several in-
stances of base. breach of promise, and many examples o 1
honourable self-sacrifice. He said that he and Mr. Gregory
had rigidly abstained from making promises of future in-
demnity and protection, resolved not to deceive an elector,
or, by unnecessary sacrifices oft heir votes to add to their
injuries and oppressions. He exhorted them to banish ill.
feeling and election divisions among themselves, and
bezged them to make liberal and Christian allowences for
those who could not in their station forfeit their all, and
lace persecution, to vote for the liberal candidate.
The meeting then quietly separated, but crowds sur-
rounded Mr. Gregory's carriage on his leaving the town at
night, greeting him with the warmest expressions of their
well wishes and personal attachment. Stamford will now
relapse into political apathy so far as concerns its repre-
sentation.

HERTFORD.
The election at Hertford finished on Wednesday night,
when Lord Ingestrie, a first cousin of the Marquis of Sa-
lisbury, from whose patronage the borough had been
wrested for the last three Parliaments, was returned by a
inaj,.rity of upwards of 100 above Mr. Duncombe, the
long-tried and consistent Reformer, by whose determiner!
and spirited conduct the borough had b,eu rdeased frow
the thraldom of the Marquis. What will net Tory gold
t tfr et? This is probably the most signal victory the Anti-
Reformers will have. But it must not be attributed alto-
gether to re-action, which they boast of; a greater cause
arises from local circumstances. Hertf ,rd has within a
vicinage of a few miles a greater number of noblemen's and
gentlemen's seats than perhaps any borough besides itself
in the kingdom. The rich occupiers of these seats, nine
out of ten ultra-Tories, patronize the inhabitants to a
great extent, and consequently roust have a fatal influence
upon the independence of the inhabitants. The Marquis,
who may be fairly considered the supreme of this junta,
makes it a matter of great personal pride to influence the
borough in its choice of Members. Therefore no grea,
surprise need he entertained at the result of the pre,ent
contest, when it is made known that a combination of
their united power bas been in active operation for many
months, at the cost of some thousands of pounds.

KENDAL.

On Tuesday last, the newly_enfranchised electors of this
town, exercised their privileges for the first time oft return-
ng a fit and proper person to represent them in Parliament.
At 11 o'clock the Town Hill was thrown open, when
the 111,yor, RICUARD Hawes, Esq., took his seat upon
the bench, and opened the business of the meeting. The
candidate (James Brougham, Esq.), was accompanied by
Jacob Wakefield, Esq., of Kendal ; John Barham, Esq.,
of Appleby Castle ; John Richards, Esq., of Kirkland ;
Thomas Strickland, Esq., of Sizergh Hall ; Charles Bar-
ham, Esq., of Appleby Castle; William Birkbeck, Esq ,
of Settle ; Edward Wakefield, &q., of Kendal, and a
number of other gentlemen. After the usual formalities
hail been gone through, the Mayor inquired if any person
had a candidate to propose, when
JACOB WAKEFIELD, Esq., rose and said—Brother dee-
tors,—my opinion is that all we have to do is to elect a man
that will endeavour to cut off all lavish expenditure and
use'ess sinecures, and support a system of the strictest
economy in every department of the State. Such a man
I think Mr. Brougham to be ; and have therefore great
pleasure in proposing James Brougham, Esq., as a pro-
per person to represent us in Parliament.—(Applause.)
JOHN lIICIIARDS, Esq., then said, I have great plea
sure in seconding the nomination of Mr. Brougham ; and
if you do elect him, it will not only be an honour to
yourselves, but it will be paying a proper tribute of re-
spect towards an individual who has so frequently fought
along with us in our battles for the independence of the
county. —(Applause.) Mr. Brougham has many claims
upon you, which ought not to be disregarded. It was he
that, so far back as 1818, first led you forth to action in
the cause of freedom ; and ever since that he has conti-
nued to lend all his aid to bring that contest to a successful
termination. But, independent of this, Mr. Brougham is
a pledged man—(Applause)—his conduct during the past,
is a pledge for the future—and it is the only pledge that
ought to be demanded from any man. Mr. Brougham
has been tried, and not found wanting, nor has he ever,
during his long political career, deviated from that
strict line of British independence, which every man
ought to adhere to.—(Great applause.) In doing so he has
given an earnest of his wishes ; and I think therefore, that
his past conduct will be a sufficient guarantee for his fm
ture conduct.—(Applause.) I am old enough to remem-
ber_when him hrntbor onnt...tod arrainiat Panainct. andailasaa
Reformers then stood, and the benefits w hich have
gradually been given to us since. Reform has been going
on ever since—not rashly or inconsiderately, but slowly
and steadily, as if it had been gained only by the modera-
tion of its supporters.—(Applause.) Let temperance
then guide our actions; and let every Reform that we ad-
vocate be for the benefit of our King and country.
JAMES }am:Guam, Esq., then came forward, and was
received with three cheers and the most rapturous ap-
plause. He said— Gentlemen, I have first to express my
most unfeigned acknowledgments to Mr. Wakefield and
Mr. Richards far the kind, hut too flattering manner in
which they have spoken of me; and to you for the very
cordial and hearty manner in which you have received
rue. I consider myself a very unworthy person—one not
sufficiently qualified to represent your interests and feel-
irigs; and most sincerely do I regret that some one more
able to serve you has not been called upon to fill the im-
portant situation which you are about to place me in;
but while I acknowledge this, I am bound also to
state, that I am confident there is not a single individual
more anxious or more sincerely desirous to serve you
faithfully and honestly.—(Applause.) What Mr.
Richards has said about my connection with the county
is quite correct. I do not appear before you as a stranger;
for well do I recollect that so far back as 15 years ago, I
came forward to assist you in your struggles for the in-
dependence of the county; and it is to that circumstance
that I attribute your kindness in bringing me forward to-
day. We have fought hand and heart ever since in the
arduous struggle; and I hope we shall shortly bring it to
a successful termination.—(Applause.) It is indeed
truly gratifying to me to find that my political conduct
lass met with your approval. It is some time now since
I first went into Parliament ; and I have the proud satis-
faction of knowing that I have supported every measure
for the benefit of the people which has been brought be-
fore the Legislature during that period.—(Applause.)
I have voted for every measure which tended to enforce
economy in the state—l have voted for every measure
which had for its purport, the reduction of the public bur-
dens, and the benefit of the great mass of the people. I also
had the pleasure to vote for the repeal of the Test and Cor-
poration Acts, for the Catholic Relief Bill—and last,
though not least, I voted for the passing of that great and
long-sought measure, a Reform in the Commons' House of
Parliament.—(Great applause.) By that act this opulent,
intelligent, and enlightened town has been privileged to
return a Member to Parliament, instead of the old bur-
gage stones and pigsties of Appleby.—(Cheers and
laughter.) The House of Commons has hitherto been
composed of little else than the representatives of the aris-
tocracy, instead of the representatives of the people ; the
consequence of such a state of things we all know too
well.—(Applause.) The last Parliament was certainly the
last of the horoughniongerinre Parliaments; but the next
will be one that really and truly represents the people.
Influences there still will be—and in some instances they
will prevail; but they will have little weight, when com-
pared with the number of free and independent Members.
--(Applause.) The next Parliament will have to legis
late upon many questions of the greatest magnitude; and
standing here as I do, a candidate for your suffrages, it is
necessary that I should put you in possession of my senti-
ments on several important questions.—(Applause.) I
certainly do not approve of pledges ; and would be
the last man to give them ; hut I think there ought to be
something like a good understanding between the electors
and their representatives—something like a reciprocal feel-
ing on all leading subjects.—(Applause.) The first ques-
tion which I shall call your attention to is that of negro
slavery.—( Hear, hear.) I think it is a foul blot and stain
on the character of every nation that is connected with it.
_(Applause.) The principle that one man should be
the property of another, merely because the one is black
and the other white, is unchristian, immoral, and ini-
quitous, and the sooner it is done away with the better.—
(Great applause.) The next question which I shall ad-
vert to is that of Church Reform.—(Hear, hear.) The
warmest friends of the Church now admit that some re-
form is necessary ; and the interests of the establishment
itself loudly demand it.—(Loud cheers.) As a sincere
friend to the Church, 1 will advocate a thorough reform
of its abuses—not a bit-by-bit Reform, but one that
will be as effectual, and because effectual, as satis-
factory, as the ,late Reform in the representation
of tile, ifople.—(Great applause.) I would abolish
eielase#l*... ATiadopting a small tax on land in lieu of
Pwould-exempt all Dissenters from the pay-
-7.* 6*and dues towards a Church which they do
6 oxii*oge.—(Great applause.) I have always
itotbptieopiettrraind unjust that those who pay
C 34 jiditiloktiriir of their own, should be cora-
fPlaa'XsatUvoi7
