DIVIDE DS.

Jan. 23, T. Clark and C. Gray, KeAwieli,Cumbcrland, nor-
seryrnew—Jan. 23, J. Whitehead, M. Howard, and .1. Had-
dock, .Cateaton-strvet, hankers—Jan. Iti, I).•Goodall and T.
Wilkinson, Paternoster-low, crape-manufacturers—Jan. 15,
L. Jordan, Norwich, engineer—Jan. 47, A. ('arson and W.
Liverpool, nierchants—Jan. 13, A. Myer and IL
Kenyon, I.,;verpool, merchants—Jan. 12, T. Hedges, jun. Old
confetrioner—Jan. 12, T. Thracliray and It. But-
trell, Greenwich, I'lll,n-drapers—Jan. 18, J. Nl...re, Leices-
ter, svorsted-spinner- -Jan. 18. C. Cridland, anil.ll,
Cridiand, Leicester, meeltants—Jan.:l2, J. Edwards, Bris-
tol, hatter.
1.2.
W. Penaltina, Ilcl tuu, Cornw,ll, veining_
way, grocer—h• Nlarshall,
Kent, factor--K. SOtoleN, Patemostet-rsw,-bookseller--C,
S. Ashford, Paddington, irontoonger—J. z,ihnsun
Smith, High tiolhorit, linen-drapers—A. Toverer, dly-
tcnrst, near Manchester, woolka-cord-wanut.,s,er—it.
Yorke, Flect-tninlirt, butcher.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

. . .
T. Atkinson, :And 'T. Waters, jun., Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
corn-millerg—T. and G. flasichtirst, 1-larwortli.'N,Utittham-
Shire, ),rich-makers—R. and T. Lomas, .Nfancittitec, corn-
dealers—J. Heath and W. Cotton,.Nottingliatn: whip-manu-
facturers—C. 14,girett and T. Revell, Farm-street mews,
Ilatiover-syntre, velem inityy surgtotts,7lt. N'tiruir ,and,. J.
Edmonston, Culltnn-stret, Fern:hutch-street, merchant,—
M. Lowe and H. ItutherilliStratfordithibt-waietouseovo...

['PRICE SEVENPE/cCE.

VOR THE SUN.

ON T .iE PETITION OF THE PROTESTANTS FOR

CATHOLIC EMANCIPATION.

" It is good not to try experiments in States, except the ne—
cessity be urgent or the utility evident ; and well to beware
that it be the Reformation that draweth on the change, and
nut tire desire of change that pretendeth the Reformation."
=-BACON'S ESSAYS.

MR. Emtoß,—Though an interval of several
months has elapsed since I last addressed you on
this most momentous subject, it has not escaped
my continual observation and inquiry. 1 have
been long in expectation that it would be resumed
in yoOr truly constitutional columuS by the ener-
Otic and able hand of a LANFRANC. This has been.
any hope, and has, in a great measure, caused me
to withhold toy humble efforts in that great cause
which alike interests our FREEDOM and our LIVES.
I am roused from my silence by thtz perusal of
your Paper of flee 12th instant, wherein you give
the Petition of the PROTESTANTS of Belfast in fa-
vonr of their Catholic fellow-subjects.

That a single reflecting Protestant should deem
-a Roman Catholic (who is secretly bound by his
principles to overturn, if he can, no matter by
what means, a Protestant Government) an eligible
administrator of Protestant Laws, seems; indeed,
wonderful ; but that a Body of Protestants eats,
have been 'induced to come forward in the midst
of a country where the true principles of Popes y
are continually manifested before their eyes, is et
fact ‘vitich, reported, was incredible,—attested, ap-
pears almost a miracle!
I call upon those infatuated or misguided Pro-
testants (if.those men can be rightly called Pro-
testers against the Catholic Doctrine who esteem
its professors as " loyal " and "of inestimable
value" to an Establishment. designated at the
present day, by one of their mosv learned Divines
anti by the authority of their present Pope, as " the
eldest of her Heroical Sisterhood," " a dead and
unprofitable branch of the true Vine," fit to be
hewn flown, and cast into everlasting fire I—uport
the Advocates of such 1 call) to point Out ho-
nestly and specifically the positive injuries and bar-
barities under which the Catholics at this Empire
are at the present day suffering. I have not yet
been able to meet with any other than a general
complaint that (in the words of this extraordi.
nary Petition)" their just and reasonable claims
of religious and political liberty are refused them.'
Let some Champion of this " large, LOYAL, and,
LONG-SUFFERING portion of his Majesty's sub-
jects" stand forth and fairly chew their particular
ground of complaint. lie shall he met 'upon the
field of candid enquiry, supported by irretragable
proof, adduced front the anthenticated recoups of
the past; from that IndauChely EXPERIENCE (the
surest guide Wherefrom to judge the future)
fvhich our ill-fated and, PASULTED COUNTRY has
deafly bought. My fellwr Britons ! it shall be
proved to you, that "the services of our Catholic
countrymen," however " meritorious" they may
Lave appeared under a PROTESTANT ASCENDANCY,
(10 NOT entitle them to share in the Legislative
power of this realm ; that instead of loyalty and
attachinent to a Protestant form of Government,
when they have partaken the legislative .power of
this kingdom, their every endeavour has con-
stantly been to subvert the Protestant Establish-
ment, and-bring in the hateful yoke of POPERY ;
that their principles,
-religious and political, are
as much opposed to our gloriouse. Coustitution as
they ever were—merciless, unchristianlike, nay
subversive of the true spit it of Christianity. Cats'
we see, without indignation, those bulwailts of
our Liberty, those Laws which have so long se-
cured its from the inroads of oppression, tram
mental slavery, and front the persecutions of bigot-
ry, abused and stigmatised as " a code (Arad and,
barbarous policy, disgraceful to the Statute-book ?"
And this by Protestants! Surely they know not
what they do. Wherein is the " religious or po.s
litiC,ll PERSECUTION " to which they so ground-
lessly allude ? Do they talk of persecution Now ?
Let them bring forth a single instance. Is the
memory of Mary's bloody reign forgotten ? Surely
this proceeding will be kiifficient to arouse the
energies of the whole nation. Let it be met by
•Counter-Petitions from every quarter—let every'
one who values the peaceful possession of his
religion, his country, his freedom, and his pro-
perly, stand lot-ward and protest against the ad-
mission of Catholics first to partake, and in the
end destroy, the Constitution of our beloved
country.,
It is not perhaps that any thing new can be
said upon the subject of (..Catholic Emancipation,"
as they call it ; but it is. the conviction that what
is known, and has been experienced, ought conti-
nually to be impressed upouantl often recalled to
recollection, which will induce ,me hereafter to,
address you.
For the pres,ent I shall, only say, that I see,
ample rea,•on to be thankful to that Almighty
Haull which loath placed us under the Govern-
ment-of a country, whet e every man may doe ship
God according to the dictates of his consch
that we may sit " every matt under his .own vine
and fig-tree„ none making us afraid." Let usTeslst
to the uttermost the inroads of Idolatry and Su-
perstition, -and to rwr descendants ham' down,
unimpeached and uncorrupted, those • principles
which we received from our Ancestors at the glo-
rious RuroastaTitm.

ALBERT.
