The following works on the same plan :

IN GERMAN.
•
SELECTIONS from VARIOUS GERMAN AU-
TIIORS. In 1 vol. Svo. price 10s. in boards.

IN FRhNCII.

The HISTORY of CHARLES the TWELFTH, by
Voltaire. The first three Books with a DOUBLE
TRANSLATION. With Notes ; and a Preface explain
iug the object and use of the • Double Translation. In 2
vols. Svo. price•lss. in boards.
The Two First Books, with the Double Transla-
tion, may be had in 1 vol. Svo. price Bs. in boards.
IN CREEK.
XENOPHON'S ANABASM The First Two Books
with a DOUBLE TRANSLATION. In I vol. Svo.
puke 10s. 6d. in boards.

In S vols. 19.5. 110411119,

The ETONIAN OUT of BOUNDS ; or Poetry and
Prose. By Sir James Lawrence.

TRAVELS.

Just published, in one vol. post Svo. prise 9s. boards, de-
dicated to the Members of the Philharmonic Society.

A SUMMER'S RAMBLE among the MUSICIANS
of GERMANY ; giving some account of the Operas of
Munich, Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, &c. With remarks
upon the Church Mtt.ic, the Singers, Performers, and
Composers ; the out-of-door enjoyments, and surface of
society in that country. By a MUSICAL PROFESSOR.
" It is long since we have met with a volume of less,
pretence, containing snore to interest the reader."—Li-
terary Gazette. _ _

" It is a work that requires no criticism, but commend-
ation. Its only fault, as far as we could discover, is, that
it has an end. We wish it were in tun volumes."—Lon-
don Weekly Review.
" The subject which this writer has chosen is in his
heart, and therefore his story never flags.
On the whole, we must say, that we have not read a book
that has given us so much pleasure for a very long time."
—London Magazine.
" This work may be read for amusement and instruc-
tion both by the artist and amateur. The Vienna visit
is peculiarly intereting."—New Monthly Magazine.
Just published, in one vol. small Svo. with Vignette Title
Page, and Engravings, price 4s. 6d. boards, oe►ss.

bound in roan,
A COMPANION for the VISITOR at BRUSSELS,
with estimates of the expenses of living there, and Sketches.
of the Pays Bas. To which are added, Notes of a Tour
to Italy by the Tyrol : with observations on the Poste
Routes, &c. By an Old Resident at Brussels.
" Here is some good, and we have no doubt, accurate
information of the expence and manner of living at Brus-
sels, with which apparently the author is well acquainted."
—Literary Gazette.
" This is evidently the best man in the world to write
a guide ; and considering the limited nature of the field,
his is undoubtedly the best of guides."—Atlas.
" This is a really clever and useful book. The infor-
mation it contains on the modes of living at Brussels is
precise, and must be of the highest value to persons de-
sirous of fixing upon a continental place of residence, com-
bining economy with pleasure."—London Weekly Review.
A PILGRIMAGE horn ITALY to NORTH AME-
RICA ; including` a Narrative of the Author's DISCO-
VERY of the SOURCES of the MISSISSIPPI. By J.
C. BELTRAN'', Esq. In 2 vols. Svo., with Portrait
and numerous Plates, 11. 11s. 641. boards.
TWO HUNDRED and NINE DAYS ; or the Journal
of a Traveller on the Continent. By THOMAS JEF-
FERSON HOGG, Esq., of the Middle Temple, Barrister-
at-Law. In 2 vols. crown $50., price I Ss. boards.
6. This is a most instructive book of travels, and as amus-.
ing as a jest book. If grave sense, grave humour, sharp
wit, and classical learning, make an agreeable compound—
here it is. As a mere guide in matters of taste, it is pre--
ferable, iu our opinion, to any one of the multitude of books
written by travellers who have pursued the same route; and
for force and originality of remark it far surpasses For-
syth."- Atlas.
4. Mr. Hogg has talents which would make a journey
from London to York, or front Hyde Park Corner to
Whitechapel, or from any place to any other where human
beings could be seen in the intermediate space, new and
amusing. Italy needed such a traveller."—London
Magazine.
NOTES of a JOURNEY through FRANCE and
ITALY. By William Hazlitt. In Bvo price 13s. bde.
" I' the world's volume,
Our Britaiu seems us of it, but not in it;
In a great pool, a swan's nest. Pr'ythee think
There's livere vut of Dritailk?"..Cyrubeline.

Interesting Works, just published, by EDWARD BULL,
New Public Subscription Library, 26, Haw-street,
Cavendish-square, in 3 vols. I/. Hs. cid.
I.THE TRIALS OF LIFE.
By the Author of " De Lisle, or the Sensitive

Man."

2. The ROMANCE of HISTORY—ENGLAND,
by HENRI NEELE, New Edition, in S vols. price
1/. 1 Is. lid.
• " The plan of this work is excellent. It consists of
tales founded either on legendary lore, tradition, or histori-
cal fact, for every Monarch's reign, from William the
Conqueror to Charles the First, inclusive."—Litterary
Gazette.
" Mr. Neele's Tales are valuable illustrations of English
Manners."--Times.
" Mr. Nude has produced Tales of the most intense and
vivid interest."—Literary Magnet.

3. DE LISLE, or the SENSI FIVE MAN. Second
Edition, in 3 vols., 1/. 118.

" T i his s decidedly one of the best Novels of the Class
to which it helongs.':—TTimes.

" It is a Novel of the most extraordinary fertility ; it is
in truth the Book of Matrimony."—Atlas.
Preparing for Publication,
4.. The LIFE and TIMES of FRANCIS the FIRST
of FRANCE, with a tine Portrait, from Titian's Painting
in the Louvre. In 2 vols. Syn.
5. The SECOND SERIES of the ROMANCE of
HISTORY, comprising Taies Illostrmive of the Romantic
Annals of France.

6. CONVERSATIONS on INTELLECTUAL PHI-
LOSOPHY, heing a Familiar Explanation of the Nature
and Powers of the Human Mind.
7. The MANUAL tin• INVALIDS.
CIAN.

-By a PHYSI-

NATURE is a mysterious treasury. It pod-
aesses innumerable hie:mil:lgs fur human kind, and
produces an antidote for every disorder intident to the
human frame.--'fli s kritsury, with all its invaluable riches,
is the proper study of Medical Science; and it requires the
most laborious research to discover and develope all its
various mysteries.

For twenty years has our successful experience been
directed to the treatment of a csrtain class of diseases, and
we pledge ourselves to t e removal of Syphilis, from its in-
oipient symptoms to the reyotest stages, characterised by
every doubt and whatever malignancy. The intricate
and much-neglected diseases of Urethra have been oarehilly
and studiously considered, and have also those delicate and
important sympath.ies which
.refer to the Female SOX. The
ilifi
arisingrmiti from theesuivirili debilitating
ty
tyranny havebeen especially
o
e4iallyf noticed, whether
as a tropical atinos-
P—
here the natural bias of constitutiou--the imprudence of
gaily—or the more alarming results of a propensity to
pm ..
• .‘ which shun the light ;" the progrese of whiul,
marked by gradual dereliction of the animal powers.
To all who are thus circumstanced, and more especially to
ies l at, the .‘2l
nbial pleasures, we earnestly.
Egis of Life,"
rsfoueercohmtiaiselaenorendeasopsexuirraico;itsmofori,riii2,con.dtn7n„
Hygeiana,,,
exclusively ad-
dressed to Females ; the perusal of which must prove bene-
ficial to their moral happiness. These books may be had
of Messrs. Sherwood, Gibert and Piper, Patersoeter-raw ;
and Chapple, 29, Pall-n.all, London; Sutherland, No. 9,
Calton-Street, Edinburgh ; Porter, 72, Grafton-street,
Dublin ; and by all Booksellers.—(Price 53.)
Remedies can be forwarded to any part of the world ;
Patients writing for the same, will please to enclose a Bank-
note.—Attendance at home for consultation as usual. _

GOSS and Co., M.R.C. Surgeons, No. 11, &nye' is-
strect, 1194-street, LOAdVat

DINNER, TO MR. SIIEIL.

As soon as the result of the meeting at Penenden-
heath wits known in London, it was determined by
a huge number of the friends of civil and religious
liberty in the metropolis to invite Mr. Shcil to a
public dinner, that they might thus evince their
sense of the unfair treatment he had experienced at
the bands of the Kent Brunswickers, and at the
same time their respect arid attachment to the great
cause of civil and religious liberty in which he was
enza,„ffed.
The 'dinner was given yesterday at the London
Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, and though a very
short notice was given, and the price of the tickets
(205.) was such as to keep it select, the number of
applicants for admission was much greater than the
large room of the tavern could hold. It was an-
nounced that dinner would be on the table at five
o'clock " precisely ;" but long before that hour every
seat at the tables (excePt those reserved by the
stetftrds) was filled. ,A very large number who
came about that hour, and expected to find tickets
at the bar, were obliged to go away. Many who
had purchased tickets could not find accommodation
in tl► large room, but were content to dine in an
ante-room, on the promise of the stewards that
standing place,s would be found for them in the large
room after dinner. In that room the tables were
laid (as we understood) for 300 persons, -and, as far
as we could judge, not less than that number sat down
to dinner. Including -those who came in after, we
,should suppose that there were at least 400 persons
present.
Though the dinner was mentioned for five " pre-
cisely," it was six o'clock before the company sat
down.

At a little before that hour, the Chairman (W.
Smmi, Esq., M.P.), accompanied by Mr. Sheil and
several friends, entered the room. Their e►►trance
was loudly cheered by those already assembled.—
Among those who entered with, or a short time
before the Chairman, Ise noticed Mr. A. Dawson,
M.P., Mr. Campbell, Mr. Banim, and Mr. E.
M'Donnell (who was loudly cheered as he came up
the room). Mr. H. Hunt was also present. The
numbers we have already noticed ; we may add,
that for the greater part they consisted of merchants
and traders of great respectability.
At six o'clock the company sat down to an excel-
lent diuner, whiCh did equal credit to the catering
of the stewards and the liberality of the landlord.

After the cloth was removed 11 Nobis Domine,
was suns in very good style by Messrs. Broadhurst,
Jolly, NV ebb, &c. _ _ .

The CHAIRMAN said, it is needless to endeavour
to explain more than the advertisement, and circum-
stances of the case have already explained the nature
and object of the present' Meeting. The Stewards
wish every gentleman to be as well accommodated
as circumstances will allow ; but they are sure that
any inconvenience which may be felt will be much
lessened on observing the appearance of the Meet-
ing. This Meeting was called on the spur of the
occasion, in consequence of the event of another
meeting, far less honourable to it than I conceive
our termination will be to us. We do not meet,
certainly, by thousands in the open air—that is to
say, there are not thousands of men who come with
prejudiced minds determined to take only one step,
and not to hear one word in opposition to their own
intentions; but we meet here a number of gentle-
men, belonging chiefly to the city of London, not
under the nomination of any Peer or of any agitator,
but men accustomed to think for ourselves, to p0n-
.44--mg.the circumstances of our country, and then
toilet as those circumstances shall be for our coun-
try's good. I have been reproached in one of the
papers of this morning, that I, as a Protestant Dis-
senter, have taken the Chair, and my good friend
professes to lament the false step that I have take").
I feel no such regret. I stand here, Gentlemen, not
as a Protestant Dissenter, a name which otherwise,
and upon every other occasion, I am proud to bear;
but I am here simply as a Protestant, interested for
the honour of Protestantism, and for the good of our
United Kingdom, and in that capacity alone I have
the honour to meet this very numerous and respect-
able assembly. lam told that amongst us there are
agitators, and that I, for one, ought not to give
countenance to agitators. I know the invidious
sense which may be put upon that word; but
though words may be perverted, they do not alter
the nature of things. As we are told in a book with
which we are many of us well acquainted, when
bodily diseases were to be cured, the waters of
Siloam were to be agitated, so, when moral diseases
are to be healed, agitation is also requisite. The
pestilence -which breathes over-the surface of the
polished ocean is often worse than the raging storm.
It is now my duty to give a toast, which I am sure
will be drunk with universal applause. 1 give you,
not merely " The King," but " The King, who,
to his own honour, and the satisfaction of his sub-
jects, has voluntarily made the declaration, that the
Crown is a trust to be employed for the benefit of
the people."
His Majesty's health was drunk with loud ap-
plause; as was also " The Duke of Clarence, and
the rest of the Royal Family," and " The People,
the source of all legitimate power."
The CHAIRMAN—" Gentlemen, at a recent public
exhibition, to which I have already alluded, and
which, with al! the disgrace that attaches to it, will
yet, I hope, be very soon forgotten, there was a
great affectation of zeal for the Constitution of Eng-
land; but it happened, most unfortunately, that the
very persons who were extremely alarmed lest the
hem of the Pope's garment should do injury to the
Protestant Constitution, did not seem to be at all
afraid that the most nottrions public violation of the
Constitution would do any harm at all. A Noble
Duke returning ten Members to the British Parlia-
ment, although forbidden by the resolutions of Par-
liament to interfere in any degree at elections, pro-
fessed, amongst others, the greatest apprehensions
for the English Constitution, from the resolutions
which were about to be proposed. How that hap-
pened one really is-astonished to think. At this
meeting, which is intended rather for the vindication
of religious liberty, it might seem almost improper
to allude to other circumstances which are infringe-
ments of the Constitution : but this does so stare one
in the face—it is so connected with the calling of
the meeting, and. with the toasts which have bees
drunk, that the Stewards have thought it impos-
sible to pass it' without thinking " a full, fair, and
free Representation_ of the People in Parliament.—
Every one must be satisfied that, let the people be
what'they may, let them be ever so well informed,
and ever so well principled, if they send men to
Parliament who. are neither well-informed nor well-
principled, it signifies very little what they are them-
selves. I give this toast as the sure and natural re-
medy of the people's wrongs.—(Three times three:)
The next toasts were,
Domestic Union and National Strength, and
may they be promoted by a speedy abolition of all
religious disabilities."

"Every man's right, and every nation's best in-
terest—Liberty of Conscience."
Mr. Fox, an Unitari to teacher, upon this toast
being drunk, presented himself to the notice of the
meeting. He said he should question his own pro-
priety of conduct in standing before such a meeting
thus early, did he not bear in mind the peculiar
character of the meeting, did he not remember, thai
it was not an astembly brought together by the art,
of demagogues, appealing to vulgar prejudices, 1101
a herd of serfs congregated at the command of than

PRICE 71).

landlords, but a meeting of the people of tl.e metro-
polis, who thus expresse,l, promptly, fairly, and
spontaneously, their sense of the great importance
of the prinriplh of religious liberty, and of the ne-
cessity of applying that principle practically and im-
mediately to the case of. the Roman Catholics of
Ireland. It was for this reason, that though there
were many mound the Chairman with names more
celebrated, yet he felt no hesitation in standing for-
ward, at what was pre-eminently and peculiarly a
meeting of the people, to express, as one of the
people, those common feelings and common prin-
ciples, in the expression of which he was sure his
own voice would find un echo in every honest mind, '
and in every generous feeling. " Sir, this meeting
is to me something intelligible and animatingl un-
derstand why we are thus met together—we are
friends of religious liberty, and we are come to de-
clare our firm and
.deep-seated conviction_ that no
man ought to be harraseed in his person, in his pro-
perty, or in his prospects, because he believes in a
long creed, or because he believes in a short creed,
or because he believes in no creed at all. Sir, like
you, I have no hesitation in avowing myself a dis-
senter, and th:s is a dissenting prineipleHike_yOu,.
I have no hesitation in avowing myself a Protestant;
and this is a Protestant principle; like you, I am a
Christian, and this is the principle of Christianity;
like you, I ate a man, and this is an assertion of the
&nunon right of humanity. But in all my theolo-
gical studies it has exceedingly perplexed me to learn
how it can be a Protestant principle to break faith
with Catholics under the impression that, at some
time or other, perchance the Catholics may break
faith with us. We are told that the Treaty of
Limerick is so long ago that we are not to bear
that in mind; and that the Union is so very recent
that we are not to fulfil that yet, and so they
deal with the Catholics as they dealt with. the Dis-
senters; for when, according to the author of the
Continuation of the Tale of the Tub," Jack was
foolifh enough to hang himself upon Martin's pro-
mise to cut him down, we find that at least a cen-
tury and a half elapsed before the work was effected.
I have yet to learn that it is a Protestant principle
that the great majority of the nation is to be sacri-
ficed to a contemptible minority, that this minority
..is to monopolise all political power, all prospects of
honour, influence, and emolument, and that religion
itself is to be made the means of enriching a faction
and impoverishing a nation. I have yet to learn
that it is a Protestant principle not to do unto
others as we would that they should do unto us—if
they are quiet to insult them as tame slaves, if they
speak to brand them as seditious murmurers, and to
endeavour to aggravate them into seditious murmur-
ings that they may be brought under the vengeance
of the law, and from seditious murmurings into
hasty insurrection, that their blood may be sacrificed
to.the faction which has plundered them. These,
Sir, are not the Protestant principles of my educa-
tion ; and intellect must make a march indeed if
these principles are to be recognised. The London
University, with all its powers, will never accom-
plish this object : I don't think that even the King's
College will do it—it will be the devil's College if
it do—(applause and laughter); and I trust that,
when it is established, with all its rivalry of the
Lca.don University, it will never attempt to rival

the noble medical school which that institution has
started, by employing Cumberland swords to carve
Irish Catholic subjects. The Dissenting principle
I have learnt is, that every man is to look to the Go-
vernment to protect him in his person and property :
but that with his faith and his worship the Govern-
ment has nothing whatever•to do : and that the med-
dling of Government with it is an invasion of power
never delegated to it, and a nuisance which ought
to be abated in every well-regulated State. After
a few more observations, the ~Rev. Gentleman sat
down amidst loud applause.
The CHAIRMAN then react the following letter
from the Common Sergeant. It was received with
much applause :
My dear Sir—My answer yesterday was rashly given,
for my clerk reminds me of a more particular engagement
(involving the convenience of numerous parties), for seven
on Monday evening. It is really a great mortification to
me; fur, independently of my unalterable attachment to
the great privilege to which you will pay homage, I should

- . ._.
have been happy to bear m.y humble testim[my to Mr.
Sheil's spirited conduct, iu putting himself on his country
at Penenden Heath, amid to the merit of his beautiful and
unanswerable speeeh...-1 am always sincerely your's,
October 31. ThaMAS DENMAN.

The CIIIIRMAN then allinled to Mr. Shell's speech
at Penenden Heath, which, he observed, every per-
son would acknowledge to be premeditated ; and
concluded by giving the following toast :
" Our distinguished guest, whose splendid and
powerful exertions in the cause of civil and religious
liberty entitle him to the applause of Britons and
the gratitude of Irishmen."
(Loud and long-continued cheering followed this
announcement. The toast was drank with inde-
scribable enthusiasm, and cheers and waving of
handkerchiefs continued for some time.)
Mr. SHETL rose to return thanks, and the shouts
of applause were renewed and continued for several
minutes. At length, silence being restored,
Mr. San to said, when I look round me; when I
contemplate this scene of political conviviality ;
when I behold so large a meeting of the respectable
citizens of Loudon, in which persons of all classes
and denominations are gathered in cordiality toge-
ther ; when I turn my eyes from the general spec-
tacle which this room presents, and fix my attention
upon individual objects; when I see men about me
who hold so eminent a station in their country ; and,
I perceive that not only strenuous politicians, ac-
customed to all the turmoil of public life, have at-
tended this Meeting, but that persons conspicuous
in literature, and who have won the palms of intel-
lect, have left their ordinary seclusion to mingle in
these proceedings; and, above all, when, Sir, I di-
rect my attention to yourself, who occupy so con-
spicuous a place in the eyes of England, and who
may be accounted the chief and head of a vast body
of the Dissenters of- this couutry ; believe me that I
am not sufficiently vain to imagine that it Is to ply-
self—to the person who new with a beatiug heart,
and with a faltering accent, has risen to address
you—that this striking assemblage of honourable
circumstances should be referred. These are ho-
nours indeed ; but they are not paid to me—the in-
cense is offered not to the image of clay, but to the
great principle of freedom width it perhaps. inap-
propriately represents ; you have thus met together,
not for the purpose of testifying your approbation of
any individual, but in order to make a manifestation
of the feelings which you entertain towards my
oteir
country, and to offer up your homage to the sacred
principle of civil -and religious freedom. It is not
therefore, on behalf of myself, but on behalf of
yaloyurcaorideitnrty:
afnord, letwh rue
interests
e
add,that I return you thanks. My presence in London,
connected as it is with the late proceedings at
very remarkable and memorable. assembly, afforded
an opportunity of expressing your feelings, not
youryu usefulhu sympathy
express
s,s,
so much in regard to the cause, us to its advo-
cate, and you have availed yourself of a casual in-
cident in order to convey to the people of Ireland
your deep conviction that their claims rest upon tin
great principles which should embrace the natives ce
every country,•and the professors of every creed it
the noble comprehensiveness of a vast and unlimite,
toleration. But while I thus distinctly and unaffect
edly state, that 1 consider myself only collaterall;
connected, and not us an object but as a mediun
With this laCetiliga fictt I trust lie wusitietvi
. a

guilty of any egotistical tendencies, when I venture
to suggest my motive in taking a part in the trans-
actions of Penenden Heath. In taking this
acted entirely of my own accord. I Was na! 41.-
puted by any body of men ; and the insinuation that
I was the hired deputy of the Catholic Association
is utterly destitute of truth. I conceived that when
the men of Kent were convened to adjudicate upon
a question in which my personal interests were in-
volved, they would not consider me guilty of any
presumption its entreating to be heard before I should
be condemned; and I own that, so strong is my own
conviction of the goodness of my title to liberty,
that I did think that I should hare been able, if not
to change
.the onininns, at least to soften and miti-
gate the hostility of the opponents of the Catholic
claims. I lois not heard, but I make no complaint
upon the
i subject. Permit me here to state what in-
deed is n itself unimportant, but which, in conse-
quence of the observations w
hich have appeared in
the Public Papers, lanijksstified in mentioning. A
bas'been made npon the publi-
cvaatsitondeaol of remark
l a speech,purporting to have been made
by me at Penenden Heath: It has been said that
the speech war printed before the Meeting. That
is not the fact. I do not • deny that before the
Meeting I did arrange and put into order what I
meant to say, and surely the importance of the oc-
casion warranted me in so doing. At the Meeting
the Editor of the Sun applied to me a few minutes
before I- Spoke, for the heads of my speech. t
told him that I had written what I mcaat
to say; but that he must adapt it and vary it ac-
cording to what I should actually utter; under these
circumstances; I gave him the speech. Surely lam
not very much to blame for having done so ; and it.
would better become the individuals who have as-
sailed me to answer the arguments, than to vilify
the report, - (Loud cheering.) The press is the
-rostrum of Bern orittity ; and from them I spoke.
As to the Charge of my having sold the speech, it is
too contemptible for notice. (Loud cheers.) 1 re-
turn to the meeting—l was not heard; and, although
I do not complain that I was denied the attention of
my antagonists, yet I still retain the opinion that
much practical good would ensue from Catholics
being allowed to plead their own cause, and front
theit mixing, more than they have been wont to do,
with those who are alienated from them by therdis-
tinction of country and of religion. England is, in
icy judgment, the field in which the great victory is
to be won ; and I am convinced that there is an im-
mense mats of prejudice in this country which arises
fully as much from utter ignorance as from any ma-
lignant antipathy, and which a frequent intellectual
intercourse, if I may so call it, with Roman Catho-
lics would ultimately remove. We have had, la,
doubt, as advocates among Protestants, some of the
ablest, wisest, and best men, by whom the Legisla-
tive Councils of the Empire ever were conducted ;

yet I cannot help thinking that there are many points
in our case, depending fully as much upon just set.-
timent as strong argument, which a Roman Catholic,
with very inferior poNN ors, would press more effectu-
ally, if not upon the understandings, upon the feel-
ings of Englishmen. I do, Sir, even at the hazard
of being deemed guilty of a spirit of idle vaunt,
openly declare, that in ray judgment, I hare made,
upon a recent occasion, a more earnest defence of
my religion against the charge that it is the hand-
maid of slavery, than most Protestants would be
apt to hare done; and the reason was this—that
what with a Protestant is maiteCof reason, is with
a Catholic matter of indignation. There is another
topic, in which I own that I think our Protestant
' advocates have not been sufficiently strenuous in
our vindication, and that is the imputation of sediti-
ous violence in our measures, and in our language.
Now, Sir, I Nvill honestly tell you that which you
have riot been told by Protestants, that I consider
our violence perfectly justifiable, and that facts bear
us- out. Before I call your attention to one specific
proceedings, allow me to revert to antecedent
events. Was it by a system of acquiescence and
prostration, that anything was ever obtained by our
body ? In 1778, in 1782, and in 1793, Catholic,
Conunittees—the precursors of the Catholic Asso-
ciation—having events, 'the most eloquent dull ad-
vocates, of counsel, with them, succeeded in throw-
ing upon the justice of their demands the illustration
which was supplied by their necessities. I stop not
to make any comment upon the fact, but it is enough
to state, that the empire was, in every one of these
periods, surrounded with difficulties and perils. In
1792, the Irish Parliament refused the prayer of our
petition by a vast majority. The revolutionary
trumpet sounded its blast, and in a few months after
the Minister came down to the House of Commc ~s.
and recommended concession to the Catholics. The
Union succeeded. The Catholics were told by the
agent of the ring (and men are generally bound by
muihotrhlinegriml(::
the acts of their agents) that Emancipation should
be the price of the independence of Ireland. They
were deceived. They remained moderate. Their
qustion Was not discussed till 1805, and then it was
lost, by an inunense majority. From 1805 what did
the Catholics'obtain ? I traverse a long space of
time, arid pass to a remarkable epoch. The King.
resolYed to visit Ireland. We forbore from pressing
our grievar.ws upon' the delicate ears of Royalty,
and from molesting him with our cries for relief. He
came amongst us—lreland welcomed him with a
beating heart on bis arrival; and when he' left our
shores (and in the midst of what an enthusiasm of
hope he departed !) he gave us his gracious injune-
lion (lie gave us nothing else) to, be endeared
unto each other. What followed ? From the
epistolary admonitions of Lord Sidmouth,
written under the injunctions of Majesty, whit
good ensued ? What became of this pledge (for if
ever there was a pledge, this surely was a pledge)
that something should be done for the pacification of
Ireland ? We had been humble, prostrate, almost
servile, there was no violence, no Association, no
Catholic rent, no revolt of landlord against tenant,
no incendiaries—Well I what was begotten out of
all this state of pacific felicity ? We tarried long
and in vain. The imposture was carried on until at
length it became too gross for the purposes of fur-
ther delusion, and the Catholics of Ireland, mocked
and derided as they bad bees, began to bethink
themselves of another course of policy, and out of the
wrongs and disappointrucnt of seven millions of
people the Association sprung up.—(Cheers.)—
What is the Association ? You will tell me that
I know, I scarcely think that you do. You
you al
imagine, perhaps, that it is composed of a band or
men affiliated by oaths and declarations, bon„d to
certain ordinances, and with the incidents and ac..
proper to pay a small sum of money
to-
wards the advancement of the Catholic cause., he.
anythingtBBrnteldirdl'tliill:etniiiriNr a:
siFist'et lut askli)a ball: cf a anti; comes at once a member of hind body, which has no
rules, no secretly, only one officer who acts as a So-
ceeroietniprtyal ri,ri iiikrhesitei ti so
so f rw..iotrihfoeudtelp.aocynn;p
pomp, form,
Is.
else its growth and co`i-
of the people, owes to nothing
submissive, and almost as crouching owes
I tioni t sof:tBhtiesx iasstseenmeeblyo, t htlerefreeei feeling.
tiracdfhet
ietilrigEnglishmanhaasy iansgetrni(eiNadvnl whe-
ther,
other meaus—aftee having. been as yielding, and as
could desire, that we should be, and in return for
I‘tyigehdoan: gloriousp id . dssEteci
such
re s
.ti—nh i
r(ti
our prostration, after hating received new con-
tumelies and opprobrium—let me ask, whether. we
could be blamed for having thus rallied the power of
thing
e°; uptdieloecyphleebe—reld:i:::
eNli-‘e'egeothe people, marshalled their energies, instructed
I expedients to enrol
them in their strength, atuodopailinteidletopeatlsr
we not justified in so doing ? and whet, after all, (lid
from cottage to caortttiairct
them dinidouwireratrislke
sarNo
orga-
nised. But- who organised them ? The law of the
land. It furnished the principle of union and of
cohesion, without any effort on our part. The pre-
existent community.of feeling produced an universal
co-operation, and seven millions of the people were
attracted into one solid and inseparable mass. What
is the Catholic Association ? It is the engine, but
the public discontent is the steam. It is not it
mere-society of active and inflammatory men—not a
I club) a confederacy, or a band—No, Sir, it
them
::

is nothing more or less than -the Catholic People,
with the Gentry, the Priesthood, and the intellect
of the body at their head. Was such an institution
(if it can be so called) u crime ? But let us see
what it has done and said, for is its doings or in
its sayings its -violence must needs consist. Filet,
with regard to measures—Mr. O'Cotinell (for to ,
him the praise of that bold enterprise is du)
insh tiat
-
teted the Catholic Rent. Will any man y t
we were not justified in applying our own money (tor
the money was our own) to our own political
,con-
eerae ? It is said that we imposed a tax upon the
people--No; the people imposeda tax upon them-
selves : end the
generous promptitude, or, rather,
.
the enthusiastic emulation with which they vied in
making their humble contributions to the national
Treasury, evinced the profound interest which they
felt in the measure to which it is alleged they were
indiffereet. And how was the public money
.used
by the Trustees in whose hands it was vested ? Was
it applied for the purposes of turbulence and of riot?
Vac it used in instigating the people to insubordina-
tion ? Were arms and ammunition purchased, after
the manner in which the Orange Rent is applied ?
No, Sir ; it was laid out in the protection of the
lower orders from tyrannical Magistrates, in bring-
ing rustic despots to justice, and in saving the bold
and undaunted peasantry from the ignoble vengeanee
of their proud and infuriated landlords. The public
accounts of the Association are open to everybody's
inspection ; a registry is kept of the expenditure of
every- groat of the precious fund, and I defy any man
to place his finger on a single item in which either
corruption or practical sedition can be detected. 'I he
next charge. against us is, that We instructed the
people to rise, in elective insurrection, against their
proprietors, and that we have hurried the Beresfords
from Waterford, a Cabinet Minister from Clare, and
three Orangemen from Westmeath and Monaghan
and Louth. The charge against us is, that we told
the peasantry that the franchise in their hands would
by its proper exercise; achieve the liberty of Ireland;
and I have no doubt, that if we keep down the
public passions, and prevent a physical collision, we
shall, with that great engine, batter the bulwarks of
intoleraece. Let them rail at us as they will, are
will show them at the next election
,of what mettle
we are made ; we Will fight them, but the hustings
shall be the scene of our victory; and (if I may so
say) we shall conquer them by dint of peace—and
who will tell me that we were not justified in this
great and unexampled achievement ? Who will say
we violated a single rule of law, or one principle of
the Constitution And, next, how did we deal
with this omnipotence over the counties of -Ireland ?
Whom did we select ? Were they men of no worth,
Moral or political, and who reflect discredit upon us?
Look here—look at the honestupright representa-
tive of Louth, who sits at the moment among you, and
say if, in putting a man into Parliament who won the
reason of all his hearers by the simple perfection of his
eloquent common sense, ‘ye have committed any very
signal offence ? Or shall Ibe told, that in electing
Mr. O'Connell as a substitute for. Mr. Vesey Fitz-
gerald, we were guilty of a high misdemeanour
against the Constitution.? 4,, we bear no per-
sonal to Mr. Fitzgerald, but WO conceived that
it was necessary to show his associates in,offiee some
evidence- of the deep and Organized determination
of the people; and therefore we dismissed hint
from, his seat, and we sent him, if not into Parlia-
ment, at least to its doors, that he might kOock
totlly_ there—a man who in hiMself exemplifies, and
embodies and presents, in a palpable form, the
wrongs which are sustained by his country. But it
is insisted that our language has been violent told 41-
temperate. Words with us are things ; and in the
absence of seditious actions, hasty phrases and over
Ardent expressions are laid hold of, and pressed as
grounds of ithputation against us. I will not deny
that there have been instances in which oar feelings
have been allowed to break out in ebullitions of
vehemence—l will not deny that, in the heat of
passion, our feelings have boiled occasionally over,
nod that our language has not been as felicitously
ee,asared as it were desirable that it should have
been. - But give me leave to ask you whether,
when we have been thus betrayed into the use of
strenuous diction, and have turned our hearts into
woras, whether we had no wrongs to complain of;
and if we had, will you, not make allowance for
any unhappy- intemperaace of expression ? An
Athenian citizen one day entered the study of a
celebrated advocate—elle seemed to be calm and un-
moved. " What is your 'Concern with me ?" said
the orator. " I come to employ you as my Coun-
sel. I was struck in the public way by my enemy,
and I seek redress." "I do not believe you," said
the Advocate. "Not believe me ! Why, I tell you,"
cried the client, ".that my enemy met me in the
public way, threw me to the earth, smote and
trampled upon me." " Bold, hold," exclaimed De-
enosthenes, " your eye is on fire, your lip begins to
quiver, you speak like a man who had sustained u
wrong." (Loud and continued cheers.) And are we
to speak like men who have sustained no wrong ? Do
you ask me what the wronF is that we have sus.
rained ? Shall I answer you en a soft and well-modu-
lated intonation, and with a graceful cadence of body,
and a gentleness and suavity of aspect—" In good',
goad .griglishmen, we are in a disagreeable condition
in Ireland. It is rather unpleasant to see Roman
Catholics murdered, and their assassins tried and
acqoitted by their °ranee confederates.' • We don't
quite like the way in which justice is administered,
for the Judges are ail Protestant, and the Crown
Counsel are all Protestant, and the Jurors are all
Protest Ant ; neither do we find it very delectable to see
all the important odicee in the State, and ell pieces of
emolument and distinction occupied by a small body
of men : and, though we have been long used to be
treated as inferiors, yet the treatmeot which we expe-
rience from our Protestant bettere is not the most ami-
able that can be conceived." Well, if we s-ddressed
you thus, what would you „y ? I
tell you what yoo
would EgtYT—what Lord Grenville Mice said (and
I,3orke has quoted the passage in his_
roetters to Doc-
tor Laurence)—that the. humble tone of the Catho-
lics skewed that theyliad no real grievance to coot-
who, in de-
plain of. But have we no real grisva„, , .
e to complain
of ? I will tell .you whet we have to complain of,
and -1 will tell you as it befits a man,
not to use the language
mending his liberty,
.ought-
you 'that it .is monstrous, anti
o a slave.
f .I tell
minority should have
scarcely endurable, that a small _
a
all the power, the infltteoe, the patronage
Church,
a the
State, of the Army, of the Law, n ref the
condensed and concentrated in one mass of enormous
monopoly. I tell you that it, is a disgrace to your
syttent that seven millions of the people should be
trampled on by a few hundred thou"
—I
d lotiestrttes..
and I tell you that they are so trod tien do wt
—I
you that we are ground to the earth- by protes_tant
cesses,.and Protestant vegtries, and Protestant fitile=',
and all the multifarious shapes which a baneful As,-
vendancy assumes. I tell you that a Catholic in a
party ease has no chance before tin Orange Jury ;
and if it be detestable in other countries that justice
should be sold; it is not the less infamous that our
Jar), boxes should be the seats of ferocious and hie
execrable passion ; and that( would rather ba tried by
avarice and rapacity than by faction and intolerance.
I tell you that a Catholic in the North of Ireland may
be murdered with impunity, and I tell you, that, in-
_ dependently of all the specific instances of wrong, a
general system of opprobrium and of oppression pre-
vails; and that in the ordinary business of life, in
the cameleer intercourse of society, every Roman
disgraced, and spurned, and
Catholic feels himself
branded. Away with the allegation, that it is a
question of boroughs and of :silk gowns, and of seats
for lawyers in the Courts, and for gentl
iemen in the
House 'of Conimons. It is a question whether
common justice shall be done in our public tribunals,
whether Orangemen shall murder Catholics with
impunity, whether blood shall lie shed in the cora-
tram day without retribution, and the whole-bady of
the people shall be trodden down and trampled
upon, and 500,00 Q men shall keep their feet upon
the -necks .of seven millions?,; (Lend clie,:rs.)
That is the question. Thoais are our WrOngs ; i91(1
let me ask you, whether, with such wrongs, nut
while .our hearts, are bursting in our bosouis at there
endurance, you expect that WS ghouls sp s in sof

and mellifluous phrases—and that, instead of heaving
upon the rack on which she is stretched, Ireland
should breathe her complaints in gentle murmurings,
and that her petitions should as soft as her na-
tional • music, to which every :Spinster in your
drawing-rooms lends the enchantment of her dulcet
intonations ? No, Sir; the groans ofa people are not to
be turned into a. set of Parliamentary Melodies; and in
demanding redress, we do but follow the promptings
of human nature, by putting before you the full ex-
tent of Wrong ; and see after what fashion, and with
what bearing our Irish antagonists demean them-
selves, and then consider whether it be very wonder-
ful that we should break out into the exuberance of
indignant expression. Have you, who marvel at
what is designated as our violence, ever reflected
upon the language which is employed in our regard ?
Have you read the speeches delivered in Orange
.oraies, in which the massacre of a whole nation is
proposed as a thesis for discus,ion—in which the
canons" of aSsassinatiOu are propounded, and the
ethics of murder are deliberately laid down ? Do I
exaggerates? You think, perhaps, that Ido so; but
hear my evidence. At a public dinner, "a man ,with
a hoary head, and with a hand from which the ocean
would not wash " the damned spot," lifted up that
hand, clotted as it is with gore, en 1, amidst an as-
' sembly of Christians—aye, before the Ministers of
religion—declared that torrents of blood must be
sites!. (Loud cheers, some here called out " Beres-
ford ! Beresford !") But why do I talk of him who
presided over the tortures of 1798, who stood sen-
tinel at the triangle, and in all the lust of cruelty
wantoned over the tortures •of his victims, and re-
freshed himself with their groans ? Why should I
wonder that, taking a retrospect of his former enjoy-
ment s, he should at once indulge in the pleasures of me-
mory and hi those of hope, and derive from his bloody
reculleution a sanguinary wish for the renovation of
those views of horror, and the re-enactment of that
spectacle of blood ? I do not marvel that such
men, like empty tigers, who had once been deeply
gorged, should, after a it Ts fa=t, ho'?! at the bars
of their cage, and long thet tile hecrr, should let
them loose to their bloody meal again. But there
are ethers far more guilty; and these are the Priests
of Orangeiant, who, in the midst of their sacerdotal
• revels, have openly avowed that the massacre of the
Irish people is a consummation for Which they offer
up their devout and enthusiastic orisons. English-
men, have-you read the speeches of these men, -and,
above all, have you read the denunciations of the
Rev. Mr. Homer, whO has declared that the alter-
native of Hell or Connaught should not be left. to
seven millions of the Irish people? And who are
these men ? Are they the lacerators of 1798 ? Are '
they the men who, placing pitch caps upon the bends
of the peasantry, set them on fire, and inventing a'
new species of illumination, turned out their vic-
tim's, with blazing.. heads, before them ? • Oh, no;
these are the Ministers of the Gospel; these
men are the teachers or a mild, and gentle, nod
commiserating religion. The Ministers of Christ ?
Oh no!—not of Christ—not of him whose com-
ing was announced in the hymn 4 of peace, to shep-
herds abiding in the mountains, and whose last
words were an adjuration for mercy, founded on the
frailty of mankind•-•-not of Christ, but of Moloch,
the sanguinary tiend'who was worshipped in the bar-
barous idolatry of Pheenicia—who . was fed with
human sacrificeS,and nurtured With the blood of in-
fants, should these detestable sacrilegious priests be
the accursed and becoming s ministers.—(Loud
.
eheers.)—Englishmen, I have told you what is the
provocation given to us; and although I do not wish
to defend all that has ever been done or uttered be
momenta of excitation in our own body, I appeal to
your own knowledge of human nature, and I ask
whether—however you may blame us for impru-
dence—you will not be disposed to make allowance
for the errors into which, under peculiar provocas
tion, we may be unhappily betrayed ? I have, per-
haps, dwelt too long upon this charge of violence,.
acrd yet it is one upon which it is right that the public
should be disabused; and therefore I will venture,
in speaking upon this head, to press another consi•
duration upon you. It is much more reasonable to
judge of men by their actions than by their words;
and having already pointed out what may be conai-
dered as the violent measures of the Catholic
leaders, let me direct your attention to proceedings
of a very different character. Have we not
uniformly endeavoured to repress outrage and in-
surrection in.lreland ? . Has not Mr. O'Connell re-
coneiled the factious of Tipperary, and done more
than justice, after brandishing her drawn sword for
years of ineffectual terrorism, could accompli4t ? Did
we not, in a recent instance, anticipate the Govern-,'
mem, and disperse the immense multitudes who
were" gathered in Tipperary ? Look at the last as-
- siaes-of Ireland, the scaffold was almost unstained
with blood. Look at the general habits of the
people—drunkennees is a crime against the Associa-
tion, and the people have become almost miracti-
lously sober. And yet we are called the instigators
of atrocity, the fermenters of outrage, and the pa-
trons of conflagration. There is, also, a portion of
our conduct which', perhaps, ought to be adverted to
with some degree of self-reproach, but s.rhich.eer-•
tainly clears ut from the charge of. entertaining re-
volutiontity speculations. In truth we have, when-
ever the least intimation bus come from the Legis-
latura-of a disposition to adjust the enestion upon
terms, manifested too much alacrity in their ado"),
Owl; witness the cession of the forty-shilling free-
holders, -I mention this topic with a double view ;
first, us evidence, at all events, that we are not. very
practically intemperate; and, secondly, in order to_
state that we are aware of the mietake which we
made, and that rather than accept of Emancipas
tion op such conditions, we deem it less dise"
honourable that -the whole Penal Code should be
re-enacted again. But, while I thus acknowledge
our misconception in that instance, hear, at least,
what may be urged in our vindication. The
truth is, that we did not know the public virtue
of the peasantry of Ireland ; we did not believe that
they were possessed of that nobleness of heart, and.
that lofty and martyr-like intrepidity, by which they
astonished not only the people of this country, but
those who bad contributed to produce those qualities
amongst them, to ennoble their moral nature, and
make them worthy of the privilege which they have
thus gloriously employed. But while you condemn
us for our erronows appreciation of the people, I
pray you at the same time tp tlo us this justice. If
they are brave, if they. are determined, if this village
I,lacripderriam--(cheers)—has sprung up in tha midst
of hovels, let Inc ask who are the men who have.
made the people whet they are ? A few years ago
they were driven like domestic swine to the hustings,
and now they turn like lions upon the hunter—,
few years ago they Wert: ::iris, transferred
with the soil of Which they forma part, and now
they are the equals of their masters in spirit, arid
;heir superiors in public virtue. How has this
change been effected? The Catholic
.Association.
has accomplished this marvellous alteration in the
habitS, of the people, alai revolutionised their eharac-
repeat it, and maize a vaunt of it.
......outbyde,mtgtogilg.pa‘lettdipoe.umroipnitll:mmatury language, and
ter', iire—':aye
and our seditious pH!,
li slits, ii,wo)se spirit the nation, and made-it
(pipable of OW eao•ii
.thingsi)ve
ever
it 4a,-; 4ccom-
Paulilli.€4llo?tiagtr::'.dajf,i4:aotti:rridl';ll.leicra4tlilees4a7l.:Wtee9l,liefflitlfyceuaanttrilllll4:(l*
mass of the
owurasseiatol,
t the Association
andf e fearless indefatigableeoasf slCetiaetr.ente, ixnie)aurtti oi4)nn
the great furnace
national mind .was heated Intensity,, and then
great
..lal.Prea4'loNl which
in which the whole
made susgeptible of. the
• Lualialunen, do us jee.
hive been strugh gpon it • la
for
tire, do justice to Daniel O'Connell, and remember
that while you irdemn ljinn
aSMarries esti-
mate of the peopte, was he whov is.•hich hiss
in-
strumeatal in generating thg noble feeling
arisen, and in teaching the IriSh peasant
wi
knowledge of his rights a eerrespettding aenki
•rsnt
tion to aesert them. I saki that - I had
conic ovelti
104 to te
here to plead the cause of my country,
vat that of which others have not informed you.—
'Englishmen, whatever faults the Association may
have committed, be surf Qr this? that they have

changed, and, let me so call it, Anglified the genius of
the people. The Irish peasant is every day, under
our tuition, acquiring yOur own habits • of English
independence. Wakefield, the English traveller,
gives an instance of the manner in which the lower
orders were formerly treated; he says, that at a race
course he saw a gentleman, whose horse was acci-
dentally touched by a peasant, lay open his cheek
with his whip ; and on asking the slave how he
could bear it ? the slave replied," Sure his Honour
is a Justice of Peace."—(Cheers.)--If stl'ciolksin
tihne-
cident were now to happen, and a gentleman smote
a peasant, it might cost him- his life. The
bearing, the whole aspect of the people are altered,
and a wretch clad in rags, and without etiorigh of earth
to cover him if he were dead, and to lie down upon in
sleep, looks his landlord in the face, and beholds in
him his fellow-man.—Generous, intrepid, and fiue-
hearted people ! what might ye not be made of, if
England would only do ye justice, and raise ye to a
level with herself !—Sir, 1 have thus honestly ac-
knowledged the mistake which we committed; but
I have also passed upon you the counterbalancing
consideration,
,which you ought not to throw out of
the scale, and dismiss from your reward. It was the
Catholic Association, I repeat it, that achieved the
wonders (for they deserve the name) which were ac-
complished at the late elections ; and it is most er-
roneous to imagine that it it; to the priesthood and
their intimidations that those events should be re-
ferred. The Priests did certainly interfere as citi-
zens, but who imparted that spirit of citizenship to
them ? If the lamp of patriotism burned bright upon
the altar, it was at the torch which we waved that
the fire was lighted up. Nor did the Clergy appeal
to the people upon the ground of- religious duty so
much as upon that of pollrical right. I speak in the
presence of the Member for Louth, and he will tell
you that during his election the voice of 'controvery
was lost in the shout of patriotisM—and in the cause
of Ireland, that of Rome was forgotten. The
Priests addressed the people .as Irish Men, and
net as Catholics, and - put their title to re-
dress upon the broad principle of religious li-
berty throughout the world. We saw Priests
indeed at every window and at every corner;
but what did they say ?, They cried out " Vote for
Ireland ;" and, thank God, their invocation was
obeyed. Sir, I avail myself of this opportunity to
tell you a little more about the Irish Priesthood
than you generally know. In the first place, these
Ministers of a slavish religion are advocates-of reform
to a man. —(Cheers.)—Maynooth, so far from
being a nursery of despotism, is an academy of re-
publicans. Dr. Doyle has announced that the Irish
Priest cOnsults Locke upon Government, and not
Bellarmine upon Passive Obedience. A brace of
old doctors of Sorbonne, La Hogue and d'Anglade,
who are teachers at Maynooth, attempted to put the
Democratic Bishop . down ; bat the Irish Clergy
laughed these Gallic Professors of servility to scorn.
Such is the Irish Priesthood. What is the -Irish
People ? You think them PrieSt-ridden. I won't
deny that the Priest has influence—why should he
not ? How does he obtain it ? . He lives with the
people—he consorts.with them—he is their teacher
in religion—their Consoler in sorrow--their mild and
paternal friend. They depend on him for instruc-
non, for comfort, for hope; and he depends on them
(and it is an honourable reciprocity) for his livelihood.
The bread which he breaks is eaten in the remem-
brance of the poor. A knock is in the: dead of the
winter's night at the door of his humble habitation—he
is told that one of his parishioners is on the.point of
death, and implores his assistance. The storm howls
about hint—the Wind and sleet beat against his face
—yet he goes forth, hurries to the hovel Of the. ex-
piring wretch, and taking his station at the bed of
pestilential straw, bends to receive the broken whis-
per in which the heart unloads itself of its guilt,
though the lips of the sinner should be tainted with-
disease, and he should exhale mortality in his breath.
(Loud cheers.) Shall I then. soy that such a man
has no influence With the people ? God forbid that
I should—but it is not front superstition that his in-
fluence is derived. - It is not from fanaticism, but
from deep and thrilling thankfulness ; and as long as
there are gratitude or affection in the breast of an
Irish peasant, never let an influence derived from
such sources ,pass away. Oh I the Parsons are
welcome to become their rivals if they please, if
offices of charity and of benevolence are to be the
instruments of their competition. But do not im-
agine that the reverence for the sacerdotal character
is so profound that where a Priest violates his public
duty the people are dispoied to obey him. Take
the case of a Priest in the county of Clare, who etts
erted... himself for Mr. Fitzgerald. This gentleman
was not an agricultural priest, born in the house' of
a farmer; but a culinary priest, brought up in
the kitchen of Sir Augustine Fitzgerald. • lie
became parish priest ; he. called on the people
to vote, for. Fitzgerald, and, priest as he was,
.his
parishioners spurned at his -injunctions, and left his
altar with execretiom and .contempt. if it be said
that this person does not afford a fair instance, I will
• appeal to otherfacts. When the priests endeavoured
to repress the Captain Rock confederacies, the
people actually threatened them with death. Very
recently the clergy implored the peasantry to desist
from holding their meetingi in Tipperary, and the
peasantry intimated to them that it was not their
concern. . The conclusion to which you ought to
arrive, from all the facts, is thi's,—that the priest is
powerful, in impulse, but ineffectual in resistance;
that lie, is an accelerator, but cannot be ii drag--a
spur, but not a curb—omnipotent to lead, but im-
potent to, beat back. When the priest cries
" charge r- the people will rush on ;• when the priest
eries.,‘ halt !" they will not be staid in their career.
(Cheers.) I have thought it right to say thus
much with respect to a subject on which so much
apprehension prevails.. There rue many other topics
on which it were well if you could be disabused;
but this is.not.the proper occasion for such expatia-
tions. It is enough to tell you, that the feelings of
the Irish Catholics have been greatly misrepresented
in many particulars. It is said, for example, that
they are hostile to reform.. That is utterly wale ;
hut the Catholic Question is of so engrossing a
nature, that it monopolises the Whole mind and all the
passions of the people. It is also alleged that the Irish
Catholics are enemies to English connexion;a.ud desire
a separation. This is a gross and infamous calumny.
If England would only give Ireland leave, she would
he her devoted and enthusiastic adherent; and I
trust that England will perceive, at last, how much
her own interest as well as her own honour is con-
cerned in the great work of conciliation ; and that
she will, by becoming the. benefactress. of Ireland,
confer a blessing upon herself. What will that
great man (for .to deny his greatness were idle) per-
form towards that country to avhich he owes his
victories as well as his birth.? It is strange _that
he should leave his policy with respect to Ireland as
Matter of tonjecture, and convert emancipation into
a problem. Is this a- time for a procrastination of
justice—is this the time in which tranquillity should
be delayed ? What ! with France in possession of
the Morea,,and while the Russian eagle, perched on
the towers of Varna, prepares its flight for the spires
of Conatantioople—is this the time to infuriate the
passions of Ireland, and to drive seven millions of
people mad.--( Cheers,)—Oh! shame, shame! Eng-
land has brooked insult upon insult. She has" borne
with contumelies that are enough to stir the bones of
Chatham in his grave ; and with Russia mocking at
her upon-one side, with France deriding and svolThig
her on the other—with that Regal varlet, Don.
gild voiding his rheum in her face—her only woos
lation is to trample upon her unfortunate province,
It is in this honourable occupation that her dignity,
and her grandeur, and her glory, are to be made mani •
fest: .for 01 the proyoeation which she receives
she retaliates in oar oppression; ror4 for every botia
given her by Europe upon the.cheek,
811
n Ireland's neck. (Loud cheers.) And We are
"N
told, forsooth, th4t seven millions of people are to he
trodden to the earth because certain
ui
'mike fierce and fiery, speeches, and Epgliesll4.gte?'are
not to be bullied. Oh, no; they are a prom! people,
Proud ! They are bullied by Russia—they are bul-
lied by France—they are bullied (prop pu4or by
Vditu al i but they are not to be Willed by Ireland,
