THE sUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, SEPThIiBER 28, 1639.

impression he procjaced, not so strong as be wished, he
cried out that there: was rottenness at the foot, and they
must come quickly ; and, suiting the action to the word,
he sprang up in the pulpit as if to catch bold of the
ladder by a high spar, ere it was snatched away from him.
There was an old French minister among the preachers.
Altogether the scene has been one of a most melancholy
and humiliating nature. We think less of the effects pro-
duced on hysteric females, than of the conduct of the
clergy. We can scarcely believe these gentlemen are
mad ; but if they are not mad, what is to be thought of
them ? On this, as on previous occasions, the chief actors in
the scene were the clergy and the women. The male mino-
rity of the hearers appeared to be chiefly onlookers. We forgot
to mention that though not the regular time fur the dispen-
sation of the Lord's Supper, in Kilsyth, this Sacrament
was dispensed on Sunday, and such was the demand for
tokens for admission to the table that the parish could not
supply them, and a message bad to be sent to Kirkintil-
loch for an additional supply. The physical wants of the
assembled thousands bore also hard on the villagers; as on
Sunday evening scarcely a loaf was to be had for love or
money."

It is lamentable to learn that at the very mo-
ment when Christian interference is absolutely
necessary to maintain the integrity of the Ottoman
Empire, the Turkish authorities are actively en-
gaged in reviving customs and regulations, which
must alienate from the Porte the affections of
its Christian subjects. In proportion as the weak-
ness of the Ottoman power is felt in the Divan, its
fanaticism is displayed in decrees or firmans which
can be easily traced to influence within the walls
of the Seraglio. By the latest arrivals from Constan-
tinople we are informed that the Sultan, acting under
the auspices of the Sultana Mother and the
Ulemah, has issued firmans commanding the
Greeks and Armenians to resume their distinctive
dress, the badge of their former slavery, and also
for the Armenian women to wear the khashmak or
thick veil, which, in imitation of the women of
Western Europe, they had discarded altogether.
A stranger to the manners of the Mussulmans in
Turkey will be able to form but a very inadequate
idea of the humiliations, the insults, and the male-
dictions to which these changes in apparel will
expose the unfortunate Rayahs, or Christian
subjects of the Porte. As the Ulemah affect
to discover in the liberties of late years granted to
the Christians the great cause of the decline of the
Mahommedan power, by withdrawing from it the
protection of the Prophet, the abuse of the Chris-
tians will be inculcated in the mosques as a good
work ; and the ignorant, who are always the most
active votaries at the shrine of superstition, will be
sure to heap upon them every species of scurrilous
obloquy. Revivals, in fact, are as rife just now in
Turkey as they are in Scotland, nor are they a jot
more opposed to common sense and the spirit of the
Gospel in one country than the other. In both
a religious frenzy has seized upon the minds
of the priests who dread the sudden extinction of
their power, unless some new juggle is attempted, to
mystify the weak, and frighten the nervous. But
there is reason to fear that unless the Great Powers
stretch forth a protecting hand to the Christians in
Turkey the effects of the new-born zeal of the
Ulemah will be more terrible than the womeri-slaying
eloquence of our Northern JONAH& And this is
really what justice, humanity, and sound policy
equally dictate to the Five Powers during the pre-
sent crisis in Turkey. Had the Porte but the
courage to give freedom to its Christian subjects,
and the wisdom to place them on an equal level
with Mohammedans, Turkey, from being the
most dependent, would become once more one of
the most powerful empires in the world. But if she
will not do this, let those Christian Powers to
whom she looks for existence exact from her some
amelioration of the hard fate which she is preparing
for the Christians.

We devote no inconsiderable portion of our space
to a report of the proceedings yesterday in respect
to Mr. CHAMBERS' bankruptcy. Though they
concern an individual they are of the highest public
importance. As a specimen of the manner in which
crafty men wield the law to crush the unfortunate
and enrich themselves, they are most instructive.
We see a daughter begging for a father's release,
while those who in honour and rectitude should have
arranged his affairs years ago, are fattening on his
spils and dooming him to destruction. As an illus-
tration of the practical working of our boasted laws,
the ease is worthy of the most attentive study.

.
We are compelled by press of rairtitcr to defer
the insertion of Mr. O'COYNELL'S answer to the
Address of the Trades' 'Union till Monday.

The public mind in France is almost wholly ab-
sorbed by the fear of the approaching famine, and
the Government is not without apprehensions of
serious disturbances, should the rumours of an ab-
solute scarcity of grain come to be generally cre-
dited. The Moniteur of Thursday proves, by
official tables, that, during the moi-ith of August
the
,imports of grain exceeded the exports by 80,600
quintals ; and adds that a similar result may be
looked forward to by the people during the autum-
nal season. Still, as there was but 8;000 sacks of
flour in the depot in Paris on Thursday, and as the
corn-dealers in the vicinity of the capital were
doing all in their power to keep up the price of
bread, the poor derived very little consolation from
the assurances of the Moniteur. The Govern-
ment, it is said, looks to America for relief, as
there the harvest has been good ; and the French
will find it more profitable to encourage the im-
portation of flour than to cram their warehouses
with cotton, for which there is at present no de-
mand in the French market.

To increase the popular alarm the bakers ate not
only spreading the most frightful rumours about
scarcity, but endeavouring, by every contrivance,
to cheat their customers both in the weight and
quality of their bread. At the last Session of the
Tribunal of simple Police no fewer than 149
bakers were convicted of the crime of selling bread
under weight.
On Wednesday Marshal SOULT signed the
commercial Treaty between France and the Re-
public of Texas, so that the independence of the
New State is now acknowledged by the French
Government. It will be sent to the Senate and
President of Texas, and when formally ratified, will
be made public. Having successfully negotiated
this Treaty, M. PONTOIS, the newly appointed
Ambassador to the Porte, will set out this day or
to-morrow for Constantinople. Admiral ROUSSIN
is said to have demanded his recall, but this fact
does not prove that the Cabinet had not resolved
upon his removal.
It is stated in a letter from Buenos Ayres, that a
privateer of that republic seized the French mer-
chant vessel Beranger, and shot the Captain. The
Perle corvette shortly afterwards fell in with the
privateer and her prize, which she at once boarded
after a short conflict. The privateer having no let-
ters of marque, and two-thirds of the crew not being
natives of Buenos Ayres, they were led out and
shot as pirates.
The Galignani's Messenger of Thursday contains ac-
counts from New York to the sth instant, received by way
of Havre, two days later than our last arrivals, but the in-
telligence thus published has already been given by us. We
subjoin the state of the money market at New York on the
4th September
The sales at the Stock Exchange have been again
limited, at still receding prices ; United States Bank de-
clined per cent., being 105 to 104 i-. A keg, contain-
ing gold to the value of 128,000 dollars, arrived at Balti-
more a few days since, and passed on eastward, probably
for the United States Bank. The State Bank of Indiana
has rescinded a former resolution of the Board, establish-
ing a branch of that institution at Crawfordville. The same
Board has also refused the offer of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to receive Government funds on deposit. This
movement is a proof of returning sound judgment on the
part of the western banks, and is an evidence that they
will, at least for the present, set their faces against a re-
newal of speculation in produce."
The Sentinelle of Bayonne relates an anecdote, which
shows the extreme insubordination of the Carlist troops
before Don Carlos crossed the frontier :—" Don Carlos,
when at Lecumberri," it says, " received a letter from the
Cure Echevarria, requesting permission to come to head.
quarters with his two battalions ; but one of the Carlist
Ministers having represented that the appearance of such
a band of assassins and plunderers around the Prince
would produce an unfavourable impression, the application
was refused. Upon this Echevarria wrote to Don Carlos,
declaring that henceforth he should consider sacred the
persons of only two individuals—Don Carlos and the
Prince of the Asturias. On this becoming known the
Princess da Beira, who was very indignant, exclaimed,
Let the monster come ; and if I find that I am not sur-
rounded by men I will take a pistol and make him and his
murderers pay dearly for my life.' Those who were in attend-
ance endeavoured in vain to pacify the Princess, and it
became necessary to call in Don Carlos, who satisfied her
that she had nothing to fear. It has been remarked that
on all occasions Don Carlos has paid the utmost attention
to his consort."
[Poor Carlos I The loss of Spain would be a blessing
to him if with it he could lose his wife. But Carlos was
born to be henpecked. His first wife did not suffer him to
look but as she directed, and on her demise her sister, the
Princess of Beira compelled him to resume a yoke from
which the poor man shrunk with instinctive horror. His
lot is indeed pitiable.]
The Journal du Havre says the question of the foal&

cat ons of Havre at this time engages the attention of the I
Government, in consequence of the numerous petitions
addressed to the Minister of War. The ramparts having
been broken through in many places in order to open com-
munications with the environs, are now entirely useless as
a means of defence. The population continually increas-
ing is obliged to spread beyond the ramparts. If the ram-
parts were levelled, a great deal of ground would be gained
for new buildings, and other fortifications might be erected
if necessary.
France wants a Liverpool, and Havre is the only port
that might attain such a degree of prosperity. —Le Com-
merce.

COMMON HALL.-(THIS DAY.)

INAUGURATION OF THE NEW SHERIFFS.

A meeting of the Livery took place to-day at eleven
o'clock in the Guildhall, for the purpose of swearing in
the new Sheriffs, Messrs Evans and Wheelton, and also
for the election of the Lord Mayor for the ensuirs, year.
The Lord Mayor presided, and was attended by se-
veral Alderman.

The business commenced by swearing in the new
Sheriffs, after which the late Sheriffs, Messrs. Wood and
Johnson, invested them with the chains of office, when
they received the congratulations of their friends. The
Under Sheriffs, Messrs. France and Jackson, were also
sworn in, and the usual forms having been gone through,
the Lord Mayor, the Recorder, the Sheriffs and Alder-
men proceeZed to the Church of St. Laurence Jury,
where an excellent sermon was preached by the Lord
Mayor's chaplain, from the 21st chapter of the Acts of
the Apostles, and part of the 39th verse, " A Citizen
of no mean City."
On their return at half-past one o'clock, they pro-
ceeded to the election of Lord Mayor.
The Lord Mayor, Ald r nun, Sheriffs, and other
functionaries having taken their respective places on the

-
platform,
The RECORDER said the citizens of London had met

in Common Hall, for the purpose of exercising one of
their highest privileges, the election of him who
should protect the peace and the privileges of
the c,ty. He instanced the late attempt to in-
terfere with the self government of thei City,
and the manner in which it had been met. He

trusted they would elect two, who would in similar cir-
cumstances act as firmly as the present Lord Mayor, to
be returned to the Court of Aldermen, for them to 5--
beet one who would preserve those privileges so long
enjoyed by the City.
As usual, the Court of Aldermen retired, when the
Sheriffs presided, and the Common Sergeant put up the
names of those Aldermen qualified to fill the office of
Lord Mayor, when Sir Chapman Marshall was almost
unanimously elected. The Sheriffs declared that the
second choice had fallen upon Alderman Harmer, who
were accordingly returned to the Com t of Aldermen.
After an absence of three-quarters of an hour,
the Lord Mayor and Aldermen returned to the
Common Hall, and the Recorder announced that
the choice of the COurt of Aldermen had fallen
upon Sir Chapman Marshall, Alderman and innholder,
who was then invested with the chain of office.
The LORD MAYOR Elect then returned thanks for
the honour conferred upon him, and promised that he
would do all in his power to uphold the privileges and
hospitality of the City.
Thanks were then voted to the late Sheriffs, who re-
turned thanks, and the Hall was dissolved.

COWES, ISLE OF WIGHT.

(FROM OUR OWN f•ORRESPONDENT.)

ROYAL YACHT SQUADRON INTELLIGENCE.

ARRIVALS.

SEPT. 22, 6 30 A.m—Harriet schooner, John Beard-
more, Esq., from Guernsey ; Ruby cutter, Rowland
Mitchell, Esq., from Shoreham. Light breeze, S.W.
23D, 11 A.M.—Arundel yawl, Win. Hanham, Esq.,
from Harwich and Baltic. Light breeze, N.W.
26TH, 8 P.M.—Brilliant schooner, G. H. Ackers,
Esq., from Cherbourg.
