scoTCII LAW OF ENTAIL

Mr. KENNUDY moved for leave to bring in three Bills
to alter and amend the law of entail in Scotland. He
wiNhed the Bills to be prebersted ; and to remain in the
hands of lion. Members for their consideration until after
the Holidays.

After a few words from Mr. C. FICRGIISSON and Sir W.
RAE, who both supported the proposition, leave was given
to bring in the 13ills.
Mr. 11. DRUI3II3IOND moved for leave to bring► in a
Bill to render more.ellietual the law relating to turnpike•
roads in Scotland.

Sir M. W. RIDLEY said, that in England mail coaches
were not liable to tolls, and be thought it would he an
improvement if they were relieved from that burden in
Scotland.

Sir 0. CLERK sad, that when mail coaches were ren-
dered liable to toll in Scotland, it was complained of as
tending to diminish the revenue derivable from the Post-
office ; and to obviate that objection, one halfpenny addi.
tional was laid upon Scotch letters. Now it would he
rather bard upon the people of Scotland to make them pay
the inerwed postage and the increased road expenses aris-
ing from the diminished tolls.
Leave was then given to bring in the fill.

Mr. RICE, mowed for leave to bring in a Bill to fill up
vacancies in th,! Ilmird of the Commissioners for the Col.
of the Land Tax, whether occurring by death or
otherwise„......Agrceil
Mr. O. • LAMBE moved to discharge the Order which
had been made for certain Returns respecting the Metro-
politan Pollee, fur the purpose of substituting a more ex-
tended motion, including nettling of all Moneys collected
in the several Districts of the Metrop►►lis for the payment
of the Police Force now in existence ; also, for Returns of
the former,Expences of Nightly Watch and Day Police.

Mr. It. COLBORNE took. th►►t occasion to advert to

the state of the diourbeil districts in the vicinity of the
Metropolio, and of other pArts of the couritry in the stone
condition, urging the necemity of issuing Special Colinas-
*inns in cont4iderable numbers fur the trial of offenders.

fie wklied piece upon his Majesty's Government the
necessity which existed of making such arrangement. as
would prevent partite accused from being hied by the Ma-
gistrates by Moan they bad been conunitted, and with
whom they might have come into personal conflict.

Lord ALTIIORP lay' to state, for the information of hie

lion. Friend, that in addition to the Commission already
ismed, another had paled the Great Seal for the trial of
fiffenders in Buckinghamshire. There would be, in the
issue of many inure Commissions, considerable difficulty in
finding Judges to try the accused. He fully concurred with
his Hon. Friend, that none of those pettions ought to be

tried by the Alugistratli under whose warrants they were
committed, or by any person liable to be swayed by local
or any other uwhue influence.
The motion having been read from the Chair,
Sir ROBERT PEEL observed, that the 'Returns which
had been moved for could not be comoleted unless the ex.

_ .
pence of private watchmen were included in it. Several
of the parishes in the metropolis had, front the ne&ssity
of the ease, been Cffillpvllerl to employ private watchmen;
for there was, in sonic parishes, no rate for the purpose of
defraying the txpence of watching. To obtain Returns
allowing the cast of private watchmen would be obviously
impossible, and 'without them it would lie impracticable to
discover the difference between the elpence of the present
and the old system.
Ale,. \MKS was of opinion that the fullest possible in-

formation ought to he oinained, and ha had every hope
that when a Committee was appointed to inquire into the
state of the police of the metropolis, it would be found
that the expenee could be considerably diminished, and
that some portion of it ought to be defrayed from the Con-
solidated Viotti, and not exclusively made chargeable upon
the, parishes.
Mr. LAMM; ondertmk to obtain all possible informa-
tion from pirochial authorities, and otherwise, respecting
the expense. He was well aware that a number of private
watchmen were employed, for cven yet some old ladies de-
sired to have the hour called at night...4A laugh.)
SUPPLY.

Lord ALT 110111) moved the Order of the Day forbring-
ing ►►p the report of the Cooonittee of Supply.
The report was brought up by Sir A, GRANT, and the
resolutions were read and agreed to.
Lord Aurnottv moved au, additional resolution, to
provide for the payment out of the Consolidated Fund of
such annuities, pensions, and other charges as had been
voted last year, which was agreed to,
CI l /IMITABLE INSTITUTIONS.

Alderman THOMPSON moved the seconii reading of
the Charitahle institutions' 11111, in doing which, be ob-
served upon the hardship to which charitable institutions
were exposed, end the extent to which the designs of the
benevolent were defeated, in consequence of the right
sestmod by Psronhial Authorities of making an toettionnent
fur Poor Rates upon property that was, and ought to be,
exclusively devoted to diatittMe purpows. Dethleitt Hoe

pltat Was tatea at %WM a year. The Trustees appealed
to the Magistrates in Quarter Sessions assembled, but the
Magistrates informed them that they could afford no re-
medy. They then appealed to the humanity and jugtice
of the Parochial Atithurities—(A litigli).,-but with similar
success. The Trush!ds of Bethlem Hospital alleged, most
truly, that they had tinder their care no less than_ eighty.
five paupers, who but for that estildishuient would have
become charvible upon the p wish in which their house
was situated. He denied that the charity in question had
accumulated property to the amount stated, and as to the
ground that they occupied in the parish, he thought the
objection founded upon that an, 'fully met by the fact of
the number of Pinptrs they maintained.
Mr. C. CALVERT said he had been intrusted with a

lietition to present against this Bill. He had been in.
formed that the Bethlem Hospital trustees had realised
property from their surplus income to the amount of
14,0001. The rate levied some time since upon the Hos-
pital wits only one shilling in the pound--,it had since
beitn reduced to ninepence, and he really thought that the
trustees ought not to he unwilling to pay so small a rate
for lighting and improving the ways leading to their
princely establishment. Guy's and St. Thomas's Hospi-
tals both paid rates, and he therefore did not see why
Bethlem was to be excepted. Indeed so large a portion
of the parish was occupied by these two Hospitals, that
unless they were rated, there would be very few left to pay
the rates at all.

Mr. Alderman WINCHESTER supported the Bill.
The whole of the funds of such an institution ought, to
be applied to charitable purposes.
Sir U. WILSON said that be should oppose the Bill,
because be looked upon it as one which was unjust in its
principles, and which bad been introduced at a most un-
seasonable time, as there was great distress in the parti•
cular district to which it hsd reference. The whole of the
district of St. George's consisted but of 13U am s, of
which thirty were occupied by charitable institutions.
Mr. WILKS said, that it was distinctly enacted that all
charitable institutions should be liable to paying rates, and
that the steward and housekeeper should be the persons
held to be liable. This king the case, be thought that it
was a little too much to ask to have this one hospital ex-
cepted from the general rule.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY supported the:Bill. The gover-
nors had no objection that those parts of the hospital
which were inhabited by their officers should be rated ;
all they asked was, that the portions appropriated to the
unthrtunate lunatics should be exempted from parish rates.
An How. MEstsr.t sa►d" that the question between
the palish and the Hospital was already in agitation; and
to let this Bill pass would, consequently, be an act of
great injustice.
Mr. MABERLY recommlnded that the Bill should
not be passed in its present state, but that it should be
withdrawn, and time given for investigation. To take
the rates off this hospital, as the Dill now stood, would be
to place them more heavily upon other charitable institu-
tions.

Mr. EWART thought that some mode of compounding
ought to he allowed.
Mr. BRISCOE opposed the Bill, because he thmight
the rates would fall too heavily upon the poor inhabitants
of the district.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON replied.
_ _ _

After a few words from Mr. CALVERT, the House
diliukd—

For the second reading of the Bill
Against it
Majority against the Bill
THE WAIF. LAWS.

On the second reading of the Game Bill being moved,
Mr. r/LER complained of the cumbrous form in
which the Bill was submitted. In his opinion it would
be quite sufficient to make every man a trespasser who
came on another man's land with a gun in his hand.
With respect to qualifications, he thought the whole
system was bad; a man with 100,0001. in the Funds
could not shoot, while a Captain, because the King had
signed his commission, had a right to shoot. Ile main-
tained that the whole system was founded in error, and
led to crime. Let him not be told that without the Game
Laws country gentlemen would not live in the county;
they had now something better to do there than the pre-
servation of phe Isaias. If this Bill were got rid of, he
would bring in a measure to do away with the objec-
tionable points, and render the offence a sitnple trespass.
Colonel WOOD thought that the lion. Gentleman had
contented himself with merely counting the clauses, with-
out reading them ; for if he had done so, he would have
found that almost all the provisions he spoke of were in.
traduced. Ile (Colonel Wood) should therefore support
the second reading of the BM. At the same time he
thought that the details were too much loaded. The two
great points that were required were the legalizing the
sale of game, so that the public may be supplied ; and
the equalizing the law between the poor and the rich.
Mr. CURTELS supported the second reading of the
Bill, on the understanding that more alterations would
take place in the Committee, The fundamental principle
that he would lay down was, that it was the first right of
every individual to do what he would with the game on
his own property, whether that property consisted of one
acre or a thousand.

Lord J. RUSSELL thought the present Bill was a
great improvement on any previous one, though he did
not think that it reached that point of simplicity and jus-
tice which was necessary. For himself, he had always
thought that the system of the Game Laws had been
most pernicious to the interests of the country. With
respect to qualifications, he thought that this Bill did not
go far enough ; besides, there was every reason to expect
that the law would be evaded on this head ; and the point
they ought to look to was to make a law that should so
agree with the pervading spirit of the times as not to
mike people doh rani of evading it. Ile hoped the Bill
might be so,amended in the Committee as to make it a great
improvement of the present law, and enable the Perlis-
-111011 t Us say that it hail done something to clear out this
blot on the country, and something to reconcile the
people of England to the landed aristocracy of the country.
Mr. 'WARBURTON congratulated the House and the
country that the time had at length arrived ►when they had
a prospect of getting rid of the Game Laws—laws the most
disgraceful and odious that ever existed. He certainly did
not think the Bill perfect Mita present shape, but he hoped
that it might be su modified in the Committee as to be
mule acceptable to the country. He thought the Govern.
Anent could on no account neglect to talc... the me.olure in
its own hands, or at least give it such support as co en.
sure its success. The Caine Liws tilled Our gaols with
men guilty of no crime worthy of a punishment;
and though he did not wholly approve of the present Bill,
he ►would cheerfully assent to it, on the principle of enter.
ing the small end of the wedge, anti hereafter driving it
home. He knew of no such laws as our Game Laws in
any other country, unless, indeed, it was in some of the
Wends of the Pecifie Ocean. Ile hail read in a mariner's
account of the Tonga Islands, that there the rats were
preserved as game ; and though everybody might eat rats
laugh)—nobody was allowed to kill them, but
somebody descended from their Cods or their Kings. That
wee the only country and the only case he knew of which
furnished anything like a parallel to our Game Laws. He
was satisfied that the time was at length come when these
laws would be abolished ; and he hoped the House ►would
now read the Bill a second time, resolved to. amend it in
the Committee.

Lord ALTHOUP agreed ht all the observations which
had been made by his Noble Friend, and in those made
by the Noble Lord who had introduced the Bill, and he
could assure the Noble Lord that the Government would
be very happy to co-operate with him in making any im-
provements which might he requisite in the Committee,
and it would give the 11111 every attention. ' He was happy
that the Bill had been brought in ; and he could assure the
Hausa that the Government would • readily support any
measures that could improve the present system. Ca.-
tainlv that system which filled our gaols with hardy men,
with the most active and intelligent of our population, and
educated them in vice, associated them with criminals, and
then turned them loose on the country prepared for all
kinds of crimes—certainly, such a system could not be too
soon altered. He should support the 11111, though, tuqopoi
it might be so altered in the Committee as to make the
measure_ satisfactory to the House 40 the country.
Mr. C. T.KNNANT would be happy to support a mea-
sure fur abolishing the Game Lawa ; but he could not
support this measure, because it did not go far enough.
He wished, indeed, that there should he no amendment of
these laws, in order that their enermitivi might the sooner
bring about their total abolition, The Bill did not
go far enough, and Members would be disposed to go
further it they only remembered that those laws were the
remains of a bat barons age, and of an odioue and bar-
barous system of tyranny. it would only be necessary to
keep the laws unaltered a little longer to. get rid of them
as a boon ; he did not so consider it, for he thought the
altogether. The Hon. Member had spoken of this Bill
law of trespass was all that cvas requited to protect game.
He had not read the Bill, but he knew what it was, and
he should oppose the Bill at every stage. Ile was not
known to the House, but he would divide it on this ques-
tion, in order that the country might see how many Mem-
bers would commit themselves to the principle of the Bill,
and bow many would support the total abolition. The
lion, Member concluded by moving that the Bill be read
second- time that day six months.
Mr. WARBURTON explained that he was no more
friendly to thou htwo than the Hun, Member, and he did

net think that be gave Mt approbation to them by sup-
porting a Bill to amend them.
Mr. W. DUNCOMBE expressed his astonishment at.
the speech of the Hon. Member who had just sat down.
He was astonished that the Hon. Gentleman should have
taken such all extraordinary method of making kitneelf
known to the House as to oppose a Bill which lie acknow-
ledged he had not read: The principle of the Bill was to
render game saleable, which it had never yet been in this
country, and that would be a great boon. Everybody
agreed that the time was come when an alteration should
be made in the Game Laws, and nobody supposed that that
Reform ought to be delayed. If the Hon. Member's
amendment were carried, it would at least delay the Re-
form till another year. He would cordially support the
Bill.

Mr. J. WOOD thought the Hon. Member who opposed
the Bill, and who he knew had paid much attention to
this subject out of doors, hail mistaken the operation of
the 13111 and the effect of rejecting it. The Hon. Member
was probably not aware, that by rejecting the Bill at that
stage, he implied that he was hostile to its principle, or
hostile to the improvement of the Game Laws. He re-
commended that the Bill should be made as perfect as
possible in the Committee. In his own opinion, the
owner of land should be the owner of the game on it;
and the man with a single rood of ground should be as
well entitled to kill game on it as the owner of many
acres. As to tenants, their right to kill game should be
settled like their ether rights, by contract. On these
principles—which he considered just--he would amend
the Bill ; and if it were not passed this year, many months
would not elapse before it would be found as expedient to
pass such a 13111, as the Bill itself was Just in principle.
Mr. WYSE hoped that the Bill might be extended to
Ireland, :as it would confer great benefits on that country.
The Marquis of CIIANDOS said that tl.e Hon. Mem-
ber for Coventry hall not treated him fairly in describing
his Bill as a provocative to crime ; he meant it to prevent
crime. His own preserves which had been alluded to,
were not kept, as hail been insinuated, by an army, but by
the good will of the firmer.; and he relied on that touch
more than an armed keeper for the security of his game.
As to what had been said by the Hon. Member who had
not read the Bill, he could assure him that he was not
to he deterred by any sneers from proceeding with the Bill,
or from proceeding with any measure which would give
relief to the labourers, to whom he was as friendly as the
Hon. Member or any other Hon. Gentleman.
Mr. TYLER explained, that he said the Game Laws,
and not the Noble Lord's Bill, were a provocative to crime.
Mr. RUTHYEN hoped the amendment would be
withdrawn.
After a few words from Mr. Owes O'Cortwou, Mr.
C. TENNAVT withdrew his amendment, and the Bill was
read a second time.
The Marquis of CHANDOS gave notice that he should,
on Friday, present a petition from the West India interest,
praying, that if slavery were abolished, the planters might
receive a compensation for their loss.
Petitions for the abolition of Negro Slavery were pre-
sented by Lord Howick, from Arbroath; by Mr. Watson,
from Canterbury; by Mr. Ormsby Gore, from a place in
Caernarvon ; by Mr. Wm. Duncombr, several from Ha-
i lifax and other places in Yorkshire: by Mr. Adeane,
from some place in Norfolk; and by Sir Henry H. Bun.
bury, front five places in Suffolk.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL made a few observations
to correct a mistake which had been made by some Jour-
nal as to what fell from him last night on the subject of
the Quarter and General Session; in reply to a question
from an lion. Member, but there was so much noise in
the House that we could not be certain of what the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman said. We understood him to say,
that be had not the slightest doubt, and that was the
opinion of the Profession, that any Sessions held now, or
intended to be held under the New Act, would be good
and valid to all purpose.; and he hoped that all doubts
would be at end.
CORN LAWS,—SCARCITY AND FAMINE.
Mr. JOHN WOOD, in moving for a number of re-
turns, to show the quantity of bonded corn on band, and
the quantity imported from different countries since the
beginning of the last year, took the opportunity to con-
demn, in strong terms, our present system of taking the
averages. It was, be said, the most fallacious possible,
and they could, at any time, be altered a few shillings by
one or two great -speculators. lie knew that in some
places not one particle of the corn that was consumed for
several weeks ever formed part of the averages. lie
wished, also, to take that opportunity to warn the
Government and the country, that we were placed,
he believed, in a very critical situation as to the
quantity of corn in the country. The stock, he be-
hayed, was small, and was fast diminishing. He did not
believe that there were above three hundred thousand
quarters in bond, and he dreaded the approach of a famine
price. There was no large stock in any part of the Con-
tinent, whence we could obtain supplies. One of the ar-
gineots, lie remembered, of those who supported the
Corn Laws was, that the country ought not to depend for
a supply of food on foreign countries; but it was impos-
oil& that it could grow food enough for all its inhabitants.
The policy, therefore, of this country ought to be to en
courage other countries to grow food for our use. What
was the consequence, however, of the policy we had pur-
sued? The harvest last season was below the average,
and there was no corn to he got from the continent. We
could get none from the Baltic and none from the opposite
coast. We might, perhaps, get a little from the Medi-
terranean or a little from America ; but he thought the
supplies we could obtain were so short, that he would re-
commend capitalists, and persons engaged in this trade, to
look about them and see whence they could obtain supplies.
At present the price of wheat in the month of December
was tite., and it was the opinion of experienced poisons,
that by the month of June it would be 100s.—(No, no.)
He believed it, and he thought that scarcity would best be
prevented by the Government and the country directing
their attention to the subject in time, and by such warn-
inge as he thought it his duty to give. The Hon. Member
concluded by moving for the returns above-mentioned.
Mr. CUItTEIS shared the Hon. Member's opinions as
to the average, and thought the return would be useful
Ile moat deny the latter part of the lion. Gentleman's
statement, however, and believed that there was no ground
for the fears he hail expressed.
Mr. RUTIWEN also thought the state of the crops not
so deplorahle as the Hon. Gentleman stated. Ile ad-
mitted that the averages were fallacious, but he could not
agree that the Corn Laws were altogether wrong. It was
necessary to give protection to the agriculturists, but he
thought that protection might probably be better given
County Sir
H.
Parnell, by a regular fixed duty than by the present method of
of taking the averages.—Returns ordered.
Mr. JOHN WOOD presented a petition from (Wham,
praying for Reform, Vote by Ballot, and the extension of
the right of voting.
Petitions praying fur the immediate abolition of Slavery,
r sfie.onnte:lml.4l,lllblorr.o
of;
lt, n
tu nt,hferocTurYeno.rs
York; y
Mr: Evans, front Melton Mowbray ; by Mr. Tyrell, from
ilraiy4tott,:rot
eiaii l nr
is)eimfen
several places in Essex ; and by Mr. J.
Johnstone
Sir li. PARNELL gave notice of his intention to
bring certain Reeolutiens connected with the Public Ac-
counts under the consideration of the House, on Thursday,
the l'ith of February next. The Hon. Baronet also gave
notice of his intention to move resolutions connected with
the public income and expenditure, on the 10th March next.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from the
Queen's Comity, praying an amelioration of the system of
public education in Ireland,
Mr. JAMES JOHNSTONE presented a petition from
the Corporation of Hammermen in Edinburgh, praying
for Burgh and Parliamentary Reform. The lion. Member
said that this was, he believed, the first petition on such a
subject presented from Scotland, or at all events from
Edinburgh.
Mr. SAVILLE LUMLEY presented a petition from
Sutton cum Ashfield, praying for Parliamentary Reform,
au Alteration in the Corn Laws, for Abolition of the East
India Monopoly, Vote by Ballot, and a Radical Reform of
every Abuse in Church and Stator.---(A laugh.)
Colonel WARD presented two petition% from Brecon-
ehire against the continuance of slavery.
Mr. HARVEY renewed the notice of his motion for
Thursday, on the subject of the number of Resident Vetere
in each borough in the kingdom.
COLONIAL EXPENDITURE.
On time motion of Mr. RICE, a copy of the Report of
time Committee appointed to inquire into the Receipts and
Expenditure of the Income of the Colonies, was ordered to
be laid before the b10u5e....-Adjourned at Ten e'dock.

rrltF SPORTING BARONET.---A Baronet
well-known in the sporting world leas, we hear, made
<4 the turf"--the subject of a novel which will appear im-
mediately. The writer is known by those to whom hr
has confided his plan, to bare pledged himself to introduce
110 one incident in his work which is not absolutely true,
inasmuch as in facts connected with jockeyship more ex-
traordinary things have recently arisen than could have
been invented by any imagination, however fertile. But
though the turf will be the theme of the volumes, other
maters connected with the life of a man about town "
are treated of incidentally, such, for example, as the vices
of the " belle—the knavery of the ring-4,he
paces of favourite• actresses) opera-doors, &c.

REASONS ASSIONEI) 11Y A COUNTRY-
MAN for the FIRES rnd DISTURBANCES.

TO THE EDITOR OF TILE SUN.

Stn,-.-sA countryman waiting at my house the other
day during the completion of an ardor,, the following con-
versation took place :—Why, Tom, you have been making
terrible alarm in the country with your fires and machine-
breaking.—Ah, Master, if you had but 16d. a day with a
wife and four cbildsea to share it, as I have, perhaps
you'd grumble and break machines, and wouldn't care
mare than lif the whole country was on fire. But you
must allow, Tom, that by breaking machines and firing
stacks, it cannot make you better off.—This I know,
replied he, that it cannot possibly make us worse ; for the
machines rob us of our labour, and as for the corn, we
get precious little of that; potatoes, milk, turnips, and
meal mixed with potatoes is our chief food, and when out
of work not enough of that. But you could get more
from the parish, Tom, to make up ?—Not if I have work
(replied he); and if even I could get as much from the
parish without work as with it, do you think I like
always to live upon charity as a beggar and a pauper,
while I am strong and able to work, without feeling
ashamed of my situation ; besides I take it from some who
pay it that I know are nearly as badly off as myself. But can
you see any good that will arise by injuring the farmer's
property?—Yes, I can; he will not be able to pay the
taxes, nor the Parson, and he'll suffer with us, awl then
something must be dune by the Government. But
what would you have the Government to do, Tom ?
—Why, take off the taxes to be sure; when I lay out
my lad. that I have boss working hard for all day,
for the necessaries of life—tea, sugar, coals, beer, candles,
soap, &c., don't I know that I give half that day's work
(little as it 15) to Government—is that right? And have
not the people complained and petitioned often and long
enough—and have they not even been cut down by the
soldier: (these very yeomanry) for only meeting to beg for
a little reduction of their burdens? Well, Tom, but if
these taxes were taken off, how could the national
creditor, the fundholders be paid ?—Why, Master, I
confess I don't understand much about national creditors
or the funds; but I am told by our parish clerk that 'tis
these very creditors—these fundholders and Parsons—that
have done all the mischief, and made us all such a set of
beggars ; they lent their money to Government to go to
war with America (where my poor uncle Sam was killed)
and France, because these nations don't like to be taxed
and governed as we wished; now, if these creditors
hadn't lent their money we wouldn't have lost it, or spent
it, and as they lent it for a bad purpose, and it was lost
in the wars, why who should suffer but they? Are our
children to be born in debt, and their labour mortgaged to
pay them? Well, Tom, there may be some reason in your
observations, but they do not justify the destruction of
property,-.--That may be true, Master, but we may as well
be hung or transported as starved to death in the midst of
plenty. But tell me, Tom, how you manage to fire the
stacks at a distance, even when they are watched, without
being detected ?—Well, if you would, or could, tell the
King honestly, why these fires are made, I'd tell you how
I think it's done, if you promise you'll not get me into
any scrape about it—l promise ? Well, then, after
loading a fowling-piece or an air-gun with powder,
put in phosphorus and wet tow, the wetter the tow
the longer it will he before it blase. Well, Tom, I
will write immediately to my agent in London, to put
it into The Sun, and as that goes all over the world,
most lskely the King (God bless him) or some of his
Minister, may hear what you say on the subject, and
pay attention to it. I heartily wish they may (replied)
he), and there will soon be an end to such horrid doings
in the country. Perhaps I can get you the 500/. re-
ward, Tom.—l wouldn't take it to inform (replied be),
if I could drive my coach for life by it.

Yarmouth, Dec. 4, 1830.
