Downing-street, Dec. 8, 18 00

A Dispatch of which the following is a Copy, was
this 'morning received ,at Lord Live:poor, ul:;ce‘i

addressed toLord Viscount Castiere, b • Lietre-
nant-General Sir John Stua:-t, K. B. dated Slessit,4
20th 43#•:tober last.
MY LORD,: •

. A Dispatch; which I had the honoUr to addres's
to your Lordship on the 2tfitit ult. .auprizoil -you of
the representation; itiat had been rn?de to Vice-Ad=
toiral.Lord Qoilingwo.od, and to tnysell, Of the solici=
tude of the• inisabita.nts of Zante, Cephalonia, and
other dependencies of file loniati.Govertirnent, to re=
ceiye the assistance..Of„a British force to liberate them
from French oppression.
:The consequent equipment of an -n-

der Brigadier .General Oswald, to cC-ope-fativtly
with a squadron under Captain Spranger, of Fs Ma:-
jesty'S ship, Warrior, was at, the same tiene detailed
to your
.Lotdship; and 'slated to have sailed the

prosecution of this °hied 'on the 23d' of latt Month

from ,Messina.

The reNrts with which Captain Oswald of the

35th regiment, yesterday arrived from Zdnte, and
which I have now the satisfa&ion of transmitting to
your Lordship,' will mark the able..thanner in whicii

ibis service has breu carried into etTed by the Of-

ficers by whom it•was concluded ; and I hope his
Majesty will graciously deign to approve the adop.
•tion of a project, the success of which opens such
means of opposing=future.obsticles to the probable
views of the enemy, as well as disappointing theca

tai the hoped utility of their preient 'usurpations in,
that quarter. " .

I have the honour to be, &c.
J. STUART, Count of igaida,
Lieutenant-General.'

SIR;

Bay of Zante, o.6tober 3, tSoge.

. In consequence of your Excellency's commut i:.
cation to Rear-Admiral Sir Alexander Ball'at i Talus
we werefori unite enough to find tbe. S partan • frigatt
off the Islands, having on :board Mr. Foresti, his
Majesty's- Minister to 'the'.Septinsular Republic.--zA
Considerations arising from the advance in the sea:.
son, and the precarious state of•the weailit., induced
Captain Spranger to point out. Zarite as the primary.
.otijed of attack'. ".
'Having from Mr: FOresti obtained the. most arty,,lit
and.cnrreCt information reipeAing that:lsland, thz
expedition•koot! to and.calle to an anchorin itg
Roactt,ted tr.:attar:l.z thes,o);)se•.6t the day of the' Ist of
o,ciober, Captain Spranger. and my s4lf were ecitiil!,y
desirous 'to avoid involvi;g_the inhabitants in the
misfo-rtti[ws whicli is direct. attack upon the t,o:wri
frlldsf !lave occasioned, .

,
it.w,as therefore determined that early on .the
day follow..ing-the.troon,t should be landed at a con-.
senien't Bay •three miles distant, proteeted by the
-frigates and gnu 4oats. The first diVision of 14e.
troops '(as tier rnargin*), under the initHediate ordete.
of Lieut.-Colonel Lowe, effected a most, regular de-
barkation at the point proposed, and ih two colunin4
proceeded immediately towards a position turning
the defence of the town, and cutting off its comma-
niCation with the Castles
Lieutenant-Golonel Lowe led his 'column to the
left; clearing an eminence upon Which the enemy
.was said to be posted, and by this movement a .de-
tached battery was' turned; some prisoners evade,,
and a more dire& intercourse with the shinning
established. 'Vie corps ~;which 1 accoqli),,li,:(.l aids:el:ea
by a valley 141 it ast:e.-,clcd the bight
the Castle, v,.hich the light troops pushed forward to
invest:

°Ton Our approach the enemy had quitted the
.town, retreating upon the naturally strong, but
most unaccountably negleaed fortress, endeavouring
to carry with him two six .inch howitzers, whictx
the rapid advance of our Hankers forced him to aban•
don.

•• The accornpapying • ternast were 'then profferred,
andatk.eesoine hesitation on the part of the French
commandant, by agreed'to that evening. They
win, I trust,ineet :with your Excellency's 'approba-
,tion, and I beg kave.lfurther to, offer my congratu-
lations upon the enemy being, expelled from this
beautiful and, fertile, Island,-with which, for
.a long
period, .there existed the most beneficial commercial
rela!ions, and whose inhabitants so anxiously desire
the advantages arising from British connexion and
• prote&ion. •
_ _

_
I have the honour to be, &c.
• -J, OSWALD,"Brig. Gen.
~' Commanding Troops in thelonian Isles.
To his Excellency Lieutenant-General
Sir I„ Stuart, B, &. &c. .
SIR, Cephalonia, Oa. 5,
In my letter to your Excellency of the 30. instant,
I had the honour to report that the expedition was
preparing immediately to proceed for Cephalonia,
anal have now the pleashre to acquaint you with
d's being atlnally in our possesion.
The disposition made by Captain Spranger of the
formidable fdrce under his orders rendered vain the
feeble efforts of the enemy to oppose our entrance
into its capacious and secure harbour. Before the
ships came to an, anchor, :a flag announced the sub-
mission of the,Town of Argostoli, and the retreat of
the Garrison to the Castle of St. George, 'about six.
miles distant from, thence.
A diviSion of troops, under Lieutenant-Colonel
Lowe, landed to preserve tranquility,.and an Officer
procf!eded to summon the Castle, which capitulated
upon the accompanying terms.
Here;:as well as at Zane, the inhabitants univer-
•sallY, Hailed the British, as their welcome deliverers
from that cruel yoke which French oppression every
where impasr
Until your Excellency's pleasure is made linown,
I have nominated Lieutenant-Colonel Lowe to the
important drily of commanding this bland ; certain
Artillery, 2 tour-pounders, mounting gtin,s.-,
Light Infantry, 35th R2glinent.
.1". Companies itiVal Corsican Rangers (grenadiers,)-and
2 companies 35th. Regiment.
2 Companies 44th Regiment.—Amounting to-6.)0 men.
t The Terens were published in the Gazette of Tu;sday

that so delicate a tr,st coula not be i'eposed in more
able biaick. - ' •

As soon as the necessary arrangements are.corn;
pleted, and the submission of the dependent Island
of Ithaca received, Captain Sp:anger and Myself in-
tend proceeding to'superii. lend the operations carry-
ing on against Cerig t,. a. station from whence, of
late, the enttny's privateers have caused consider-
able injury to our commerce:-
I have the honour to be, &c.
J. OSWALD, Brig. Gen.
Commanding Troops in thelonian Isles.
To his Excellency Lieut..Gencral Sir
1. Stuart, K.B. &c. &c. &c.
His Majesty's ship Watrior, Cephalonia,
SIR, , lath October, tBO9.
I have the honour to transmit- to your Excellency
the accompanying report upon the capture of the
Island-of Ittaca.
The enterprite was entrusted to Captain Craw-
ley, Gillis' Majast) s ship Yltilontel, . and to Captain
Church, with detachments from. the 35th and Royal
Corsican Rangers. The manner in which it has
been effe6led, will, I have no doubt, appear to.your
Excellency creditable to those Officers, and to the
forces under their orders.
I have the honour to he, &c.
(Signed) . 3. OSWALD.
'Commanding Troops in the lonian Isles:
To Lieut. Gen. Sir John Stewart K. B. &c.

R,

Valtti, Capital of the Islandsof Ithaca,
kith Oaober, 1809.

I have tire honour to inform you that the Island
of Ithaca was this day-surrendered, to the detachment
of British 'ships under my command, in eoncert with
his Majesty's•shiplomel.
Finding the enemy's batteries commanded ie
harbour in such a manner as to render ineffe6tual
ttre firs: from the ships, I immediately' landed the
troops and marines, accompanied by a division of
seamen under the direction of Captain Crawley,
marthed without loss of time to the enemy's prit'icipal
fort, situated on an eminence, with the determine-
tion
to take it by assault t—Our intention was how—
evei frustrated by the unconslitional sUrrender of
the French Commandantandhis garrison.
Dating our march tlre enemy was held in check
by the fire of a gun-boat detached by Captain Craw-
ley t,.r that purpose:.
The garrison, consisting of near eighty men, have
been made prisoners of war, with the exception of
a few Albanians, who escaped to the mountains,
but who must inevitably fall into our hands.
It is impossible that I can express the obligations
I am under to Captain Crawley for ,the very ,hand-
some manner in which he gave every assistance in
his power to ensure the success of the enterprise.
To Mr. Foresti, his Majesty's Minister to the Seven
Isles, I beg also to offer my sincere acknoWledg-
ments tor .the great service he rendered, to me on
this occasion, and I feel. it my duty • to report the
uniform gooU condutt of the officers and men of the
35th Regiment, Royal Corsican Rangers, 'and,ltbyal
Marines composing the detachment. I 'had the ho-
flour to command.
I have only to add the extreme joy of- the inhabi-
tants in being rescued from the slavery under which
they hadhithert o groaned.
I have the honour to be, Sze.- •
(Signed) R. CHURCH, Captain,
• Assistant Quarter-Master-General.
To Brig, Gen. Oswald, &c..Bcc.

On board his Majesty's ship Warrior, Zante
Bay, Oct. 16, 1809.
The Spartan 'frigate, having oti board a detach-
ment of Royal Artillery, witty light guns, and two-
companies of the 35th regiment,:under the orders of
Major Cl,-e-ke- of that corps, sailed from Cephalonia
on the 6th instant, iosirutted to proceed off Ce-
rig°, block' up its port, and, if circumstances war-
rattled, to moke an immediate attack upon the
Island. It was Captain Sprenger's intention and my
own to have followed with consider4le reinforce-
ments; but a continuance of adverse gales prevent-
' td.our getting further than this Bay where a tender
• from Captain Brenton has just reached us, conveying
dispatches, of which the accompanying are copies,
announcing the surrender of Cerigo to the pre-
viously-detached force. Major Clarke goes fully in-
to the details of the military operatitin4. They cha-
raEterize an ardent spirit of enterprize; and he seems
. to hate been pertettly seconded by the. Officers and
men tinder his orders, surmounting difficulties greater
than I apprehended be had "the means of evercOm- •
ing.
l'lte- enterprise which your Excellency confided to
me hting thus happily -accompliihed, it only re-
mains fur me to testify •my fullest approbation of the
coridua of the troops. A discipline has been main-
tained that did honour to the soldier, and 'refletied
the utmost•credit upon the commanding and subor-
dinate-Officers.- -
I am under tic greatest obligations to the Officers
of the S'aff of My command ; they have been most
assiduous in the discharge of tlitir tespeaive duties.
I must recur in the warmest terms of 44ckriowlecig-
spent to the never-ceasing aid received from Captain
Spranger ; it was my good food fortune to aft with ae-
Otlictr who, while our views and objeots.were'tbe
same, Cordially united in the means of attending
them. A siMilat harmony; and good correspond-
ence has reigned- through every branch of the two
services.
Our sticcess was accelerated, and . our subsequent
political arrangements facilitated, by
.the personal
exertions and judicious ceuncils Of Mr. Foresti, his
Alajesty's Minister to the Septinsular Republic, -and
'e greatly profited iu being accompanied by a gen-
tleman so luveil and esteemed by the inhabitants of
these Isles. Mr..Voresti's distinguished merits have.
received the commendations of the most illustrious of
our countrymen; to add my humble tribute would
be presumptuoiss, were it not called for by cfeelings.
of gratitude and respeet towards so worthy a servant
of our Sovereign. • •
I will now proceed to place the liiands in t pos-
ture of defence, sufficient to .afford probable•secu-
.
rity ; and I-ini=ledto- believe it may be 'accomplished
without tiusithg any expellee to his Majesty's Go-
vernment.
„
I have the honour to be, &c.
(Signed) OSWA LD,
Commanding Troops in the lonian Isles.
Nis Excelleacy sir lolir. Stuart, K.B.

LONDON s Printed by RI(
At the SUN-OFF
