SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

FROM THE DAILY I'APERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)

Mr. Hume is about to apply a touchstone to the
newly-kindled zeal of the Tories for economy and re-
trenchment : whether it will abide the test, may per-
haps be doubted ; it is, however, strictly proper, for
various reasons, that the experiment should be tried.
The test to which Tory consistency in the new course
on which the party has recently entered is about
to be submitted, is Mr. Hume's motion for with-
holding the grant of 21,0001. per annum to the
King of Hanover. This motion Colonel Sibthorp
will, of course, be delighted to second. The whole body
of the Tory Opposition cannot, with the slightest pre-
tence to consistency, hesitate to support the proposition.
They must all vote with Mr. Hume ; or their character
as economists of the public money will be for ever for-
feited. They may be fettered by the want of precedent.
The parliamentary annuity to Prince Leopold was not
withdrawn upon his becoming King of Belgium ;
although the resignation of his annuity by King
Leopold furnished an example which his Majesty
of Hanover might follow with considerable advantage
to his character for generosity ; and which, if he
would adept, would now sittle the question,
and prevent a Parliamentary discussion any thing
but honourable to his present state and dignity
as an independent potentate. Ministers, as ministers,
may also be restrained from supporting Mr. Hume by
delicacy toward their Royal mistress, to whom the King
of Hanover stands in the relation of uncle ; and may
be rather disposed to leave to his Majesty's own reflec-
tions the decency and justice of receiving now, as a
King with ample revenues, the money paid to him as
a member of the Royal family, with no funds but
those the generosity of the British people supplied
to support his rank and station among them. On
what principle, then, will the Tories maintain the justice
or expediency of continuing the Parliamentary grant to
the King of Hanover, in opposition to Mr. Hume and
the Radicals? Not surely on the grouni of desert—of
services rendered to the country by the Ex-Grand
Master of the Orangemen. It would be a pleasant joke
to catch them upon that ground—to hear them contend-
ing that the encouragement of bigotry, hatred, of
secret conspiracy, and outrage almost amounting to
anarchy, of the worst ends promoted b) the worst
means, of all that maddened the Irish people and
endangered the peace and integrity of the empire,
must be considered as establishing a claim to a
nation's gratitude and to a princely grant ! Neither
can tilt), affect to sneer, as was their wont in former
days, at Mr. Hume's proposal, as being " a twopenny
halfpenny saving." Their recorded speeches, by which
only the other day they justified the reduction of
20,0001. a year from Prince Albert's annuity, and in
which " justice to the country and security to the pub-
lic creditor," were urged as considerations which ought
to influence the House in the reduction proposed by
Col. Sibthorp—these very considerations possess a
fourfold power when urged against the continuance of a
grant to a foreign King, every shilling of which will be
spent out of the country. Col. Sibthorp must second
the motion for depriving the Ex-Grand Orangemaster
of his 21,0001. a year. There is, absolutely, no alter-
native.

(From the Standard.)
It was, we think, in the last session, or the session
preceding, that Sir Robert Inglis endeavoured to force
the attention of the administration to the frightful ex-
tension and increasing atrocities of the slave-trade car-
ried on under the Portuguese and Spanish flags.
Mr. Button has just published a work, condensing
the evidence upon this serious subject, and stating
the actual progress and circumstances of the
trade with equal perspicuity, temper, and cau-
tiousness. Mr. Buxton proves, beyond all possibility
of doubt, that the exportation of slaves from Africa is
prodigiously increasing. He contents himself with con-
cluding that the present annual export amounts to one
hundred andfilly thousand human beings, who are car-
ried alive to slavery in the New World ; but his pre-
mises, and they are indisputable, would afford twice
the number. But this is not all—the number of
slaves actually placed alive on the American shores
—be it 1.50,000, be it 300,000—does not amount to
more than one-third of the numbor actually captured,
the deficient two-thirds being ?mink-red in one way er
another in some stage of their progress to the chain
and the whip. Here, then, we have half a million of
our fellow-creatures sacrificed every year to the support
of this execrable trade—and with what effect upon our
own interests? Why, to enable the sugar growers of
the Brazils, and of Cuba and the other Portuguese and
Spanish slave plantations, to undersell and ruin our
own emancipated colonies.

Mr. CRESSWELL, Al.P.—Certain parties, we
have heard it rumoured, have made the discovery, that a law-

yer, and particularly a circuit-going barrister, is not the very
best man to represent a great commercial community like
Liverpool. The inconvenience of having such a man for their
representative has forced itself on the attention of those par-
ties, more particularly at the present moment, when several
Bills, important to Liverpool, are BOW before the House of
Commons. The parties opposing the Liverpool Dock Bill,
and those promoting the Harrington Dock and other Bills, feel
the absence of the Honourable and Learned Gentleman from
his place in Parliament very seriously. They were extremely
anxious to have the benefit of his legal talents when the Bills
should be under discussion : they even, it is said, requested him
to refrain from going the present circuit, rather than be absent
from his legislative duties. Mr. Cresswell, it is added, ex

pressed his regret that he could not comply with the request,
because he had made engagements for the circuit Is hieh he
would not abandon, even to attend to the interests of his con-

st
ht i
et us
ee n
rumourst s .
\ov
e not
de,eon fl ctohuerms e,,
hv,o)
‘uveeh,
efro r
highly a e epur
or abeayb l
eo.
What. influence the experience of the present' Session may have
on Mr. Cresswell's future electioneering prospects we cannot
undertake to say : a favourable influence is cannot have ; and,
if he should lose the support of the mercantile Tories, he may
bid farewell to Liverpool.—Liverpool Albion.
INTERMENT OF THE LATE DUKE OF MARL-
BOROUGH. —BLENHEIM, SATI: RDAY. —The remains of the
late Duke of Marlborough were interred yesterday afternoon
in the private chapel of this splendid palace. The funeral was
quite private, although a great number of persons were allowed
admittance into the park to witness the procession from the
malsion to the chapel, a very short distance. From an early
hour the bell of Woodstock Church tolled, and a great many
househeepers closed their residences, out of respect to the noble
family of Churchill. The mourners and other followers left
the grand saloon shortly after one o'clock, and at a quarter-past
the procession was received at the steps by the Mayor and the
Members of the Corporation, who formed in the line, and, on
their arrival, took their station in the body of the chapel. The
Duke of Marlborough, the Marquis of Blandford, Lord A.
Spencer Churchill, Lord Allen Spencer, &c., were the chief
mourners. "Lord Churchill was unable to attend the obsequie•.
The chapel, which was hung with black cloth, is a neat build-
ing, and contains many objects worthy of notice, namely, Rys-
ltraeek's fine monument to the memory of John Duke of
Marlborough and his Duchess, which forms a striking orna-
ment ; the altar-piece, " Our Saviour taken from the Cross," is
by Jordaens, and is justly admired. 'I he service fur the burial
delivered by the Rev. W.
(Ci fatrhliesltel: art, le Ne7osr
voefrYWiomoljrsteosscikv.elyThe coffin was ultimately de-
posited in the family vault, which was lighted with flambeaux.
Blenheim and its unrivalled park is to be closed until May, in
consequence of the death of his Grace.
St. Lawrence's Church, in the Isle of Wight,
near Ventnor, is the smallest in England, the interior being
incapable of accommodatin:* more than from 23 to 30 persons ;
and during fine weather it is cu,tomary with the congregation
to sit in the church-yard, where they can distinctly hear the ser-
,.acrAearnotnogtthhee, epitaphs in the church-yard is the following,
recordingc the death of a gentleman from the upsetting of his
carriage, while on a visit to the island with his daughter :
William ..,
spot, on the
Gore, who
29th
~t: memory of Jones, of Kensington
his. age. The ;let:
Mirror.
In death an accident near this
August,jl2-6, in bythe ninety-first year of
winispseueeaddbilyiy,Ofooodr aerl,
In the Sheriffs Court on Friday, a \[r. Graham
the keeper of the saloon and a cigar-shep
being undefended, the . the price of a cigar-case. The action
e jury of course found for the plaintiff.
MURDER AND SUICIDE BY A LUNATIC.—
nf m the wife
melancholy Sarah Sheldric, a young
woman,isea.
andaholy from grief at the
absence had been sent by her
of a sailor, who had
beenforost haer time
husband
nban ad state
a tte
soma
father to St. Luke's Asylum, in
London, from which they gave
him notice to take her home about three
months
confinement was hourly anticipated ; tn since, as her
home to Newhaven, where she gave birth a fathertook her
ap-
parently recovered her reason and her health after that child, and
On Monday week Mrs. Sheldric let her child fall,event.
and be-
came greatly excited from the fear that she had injured it.
Her father, to soothe her, brought a medical gentleman to
infant, who assured her that it was not in the smallestsee 1
degree injured, and she became ealme 2.: On the follow.
day, however, the idea seemed to possess her mind that she
had seriously injured the child, and she became so greatly
excited that her father sent for a married daughter to stay with
her during the time lie was about his ordinary business. Early
on Wednesday morning the sister went otat for a quarter of au
hour to market, leaving, Mrs. Sheldric quite calm and collected
at home, and on her return she was horror-stricken at finding
the headless body of the infant lying by the side of the mother,
who had first cut off her own child's head with a razor, and then
cut her own throat. The wretched woman was not dead on
her sister's return, but died in about two hours. On Thursday
the Coroner for Sussex held an inquest upon the bodies,
when a verdict was returned, '• That Sarah Sheldric had mur-
dered her child whilst in a state of insanity, and afterwards
committed suicide."—Brighten Guardian. .
