BELGIAN PAPERS.

(From the Moniteur Belge, Nov. 19.)
We are authorised to give an official confirmation to
the news given by a Journal of this morning. The
Government received last night the treaty signed on the
I,sth of November, between his Majesty the King of
Belgium on one side, represented by M. Van de Weyer ;
and, on the other part,
1. The Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, &c., re-
presented by Prince Esterhazy and Baron Wessenberg.
2. The King of the French, represented by Prince
Talleyrand.
3. His Majesty the King of Great Britain and Ireland,
represented by Lord Palmerston.
4. The King of Prussia, represented by Baron Bulow.
5. The Emperor of all the Russian, represented by
Prince Lieven and the Count Mastuzewic.
This treaty recites verbatim the twenty-four articles
of the treaty of separation between Belgium and Holland,
prefixing the following preamble:--
" The Courts of Austria, France, Great Britain, Prus-
sia, and Russia, taking into consideration the events which
have occurred in the united kingdom of the Netherlands
since the month of September, 1830 ; further, considering
the obligations by which they were bound to prevent the
etss Tugeneral peace by these events, and the
theresults from the same events to carry into
netcei
necessity
i which
n h
i ofeh
effect sorre modification of the transactions of 1815,
which caused the kingdom of the United Netherlands to
be created and established ; and his Majesty the King of
Belgium concurring in the views of the Courts before
named, they have named Plenipotentiaries, ike., who having

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 24, 1831.

We this day insert the report of a very impor-
tant meeting of the Council of the Birmingham
Political Union. It will be seen with pleasure,
that the Council, with one accord, withdrew the
project of organization. In coming to this una-
nimous conclusion, they were mainly influenced
by the sound, legal opinion of that distin-
guished Reformer and patriotic lawyer, their
townsman—Mr. JOSEPH PA R K ES. That
gentleman's forcible speech is not more cre-
ditable to his head than its sound consti-
tutional doctrines are honourable to his heart.
In him the cause of Reform has a meritorious
advocate, and the members of Political Unions
a staunch, intrepid, but most discreet champion.
His motto is, " within the letter of the law, but
not beyond its spirit ;" and that should be the
landmark of all true Reformers.

We are happy to understand, that our own
view of the Proclamation was more harsh than
its terms will bear. At first sight, we thought
that the Proclamation was levelled against all
Political Unions, but such we now learn, is
not the fact. The Proclamation only denounces
sectional divisions and assumption of con-
stabulary power, as being clearly at variance with
established i►►stitutions, and eventually subversive
of their power. The Birmingham Council,
seeing that their organization had this tendency,
at once unanimously desisted. But they will,
nevertheless, continue united till the end
for which they associate—REFOßM—be ob-
tained.

We have not room to enter more fully
into this question, but we strongly recom-
mend the speeches—and particularly that of
Mr. PARKES, to the attentive consideration
of our readers.

Brussels Papers mention the formal recogni-
tion by the Five Great Powers, of the King of
BELGIUM. The King of HOLLAND has
nothing now left him but submission ; even his
sworn allies, the Tories, at whose express insti-
gation his MAJESTY has so long held out, can
afford him no further help. The announcement of
the close approach of the new Parliameniary Ses-
sion will,- we. take for granted, decide him. The
Allgenwine Zeitung contains an insidious article
on the subject of the Czar NiClioLAS's visit to
Moscow, evidently intended to throw the odium
of the incorporation of Poland with Russia off
the shoulders of the EMPEROR, and thrust it
upon those of the Russian clergy and aristocracy.
His MAJESTY, hints the article in question, is
himself favourably disposed towards the Poles,
but—there is always a saving but in these cases
—he cannot act in conformity with his own
feelings. How very odd it is, that his
Imperial MAJESTY can always act in unison
with his own wishes, when the objects
are murder, despotism, and aggrandisement of
territory, but is perpetually restrained when mer-
ciful and benevolent views are regarded ! The
plain truth is, the EMPEROR longs to unite Po-
land with Russia, but is afraid to encounter
personally the odium that would necessarily fol-
low such an atrocious act of inconceivable des-
potism. He is, therefore, desirous of keeping
in the back-ground, so far as he himself is con-
cerned, and thrusting the old Russian Aristocracy
forward, of scape-goat. But heroic
kingdoms
by w
are not
ot to be blotted out of the map
of Europe in this way, by a mere stroke of the
pen. Poland must and will rise from its ashes,

even though the Bourbon Louis PHILLIPPV
tasks his utmost energies to continue her in abject
slavery :

Bausszts, Nov. 19.—A courier despatched from Lon-
don on the 16th, arrived at Brussels yesterday evening at
nine o'clock, with the treaty of peace and unity, signed be-
tween their Majesties, the King of the French, the Em-
peror of Austria, the King of Great Britain, the King of
Prussia, the Emperor of Russia, and the King of the
Belgians, Leopold I. This treaty will be communicated
to the Chamber of Representatives to-day, in an evening
sitting. The department of foreign affairs is now drawing
up the report on the late negociations. A courier arrived
here yesterday evening at half-past eight, from M. Van de
Wegyer to the King. Half an hour afterwards, another
came to Sir Robert Adair, who, having delivered his dis-
patches, proceeded to the Hague. About the same time
a third courier passed through from Prussia, and in the
night a fourth to Austria.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 20.—Immediately after the arrival of
the courier who brought the recognition of King Leopold
by the Five Great Powers, his Majesty sent for the Am-
bassadors of France and England, and the Duke d'Aremberg.

Yesterday evening the ringing of all the bells announced
the conclusion of the treaty of peace.
This morning salutes of artillery were fired from the
ramparts, and a proclamation of the Burgomaster acquaints
the citizens with' he news, inviting them to illuminate this
evening.
CHAMBER OF REPRESENTATIVES,
SITTING OF NOY. 19.

M. de Muelenaere, Minister of Foreign Affairs, an-
nounced that his Majesty had authorised him to communi-
cate the final result of the negociations at London with the
five Great Powers. Yielding to necessity, said he, you
have authorised the Government to conclude and sign a
treaty of separation between Holland and Belgium, on
such terms as the King might judge to he agreeable to the
interest of the country. Our Envny Extraordinary, ac-
cording to his instructions, presented to the Conference
two notes for the purpose of obtaining modifications in the
24 articles, with respect to the boundaries, the debt, and
the navigation. The Plenipotentiary received an answer
from the Conference, dated 12th November, stating that
as modification could be made in the letter or the sub-
stance of the 24 articles, and that it was no longer even
in the power of the Five Powers to consent to a single
one. Impartiality makes it my duty to add, that an
answer entirely identical in substance with the pre-
ceding was made by the Conference to the Ple-
nipotentiaries of the King of Holland. In the
idea of the Government, the principal clause ought
to regard the recognition of Belgium and its Sove-
reign by all the Powers represented at the Conference of
London. Following his instructions, our Plenipoten-
tiary delivered to the Conference a second note, of the fol-
lowing tenour :
" The undersigned, Plenipotentiary of his Majesty the
King of the Belgians, lust no time in transmitting to his
Sovereign the 24 articles, agreed upon by the Plenipo-
tentiaries of France. Austria, Great Britain, Prussia, and
Russia, assembled in Conference at London. The under-
signed, in the course of the negociation, has not omitted
to inform their Excellencies, that, according to the laws
of the country, the King of the Belgians was obliged to
apply for the final result to the authorities with which his
Majesty share the exercise of the legislative authority.
This formality being complied with, his Majesty, as King
of the Belgians, is invested with all necessary powers to
conclude definitively with the Five Great Powers. The
Plenipotentiaries will perceive that to give to the tran-
saction a more formal character, it would be proper
that, by a separate act, the twenty-four articles, which
in the terms of the first note, of the 15th of Oc-
tober, should have the form and validity of a so-
lemn convention between the Belgian Government
and the Five Powers, the execution of which the latter
should guarantee,' should new receive the form and sanc-
tion of a definitive treaty between the Five Powers, and
his Majesty the King of the Belgians, and that Belgium
and its Sovereign, who will then exercise all the powers
which be has received from the Legislative Chambers of
Belgium, may thus immediately take their place among
the other Governments.
" London, Nov. 14, 1831." _ . .

In consequence of this note, the Belgian Plenipotentiary
was invited to the Foreign-office, where he concluded and
signed the following treaty : --(Already published, embody-
ing the twenty-four articles with the three additional ones.)
After reading the three last articles the Minister ■aid,
" It is needless to add, that the treaty having been signed
by Ministers invested with full powers, the usual ratifica-
tion is only a mere diplomatic formality. The treaty is
from this moment definitive and irrevocable."
M. Gendebien asked if the Minister knew what were
the modifications of the 24 articles required by King Wil.
limn. The Minister said he could not possibly answer on
the spot to so unexpected a question; on which 11. Gen-
debien said he would repeat the question on Monday.
FRONTIERS or RUSSIA, Nov. I.—The object of the
Emperor's journey to Moscow, where he will stay about a
month, seems to be to modify a little the temper with re-
spect to Poland that is prevalent in Moscow, the seat of
the old Russian nobility, and to convince this second capi-
tal of the empire that the wishes and interests of the na-
tion would be readily consulted by the incorporation of
Poland, did not political considerations with respect to
foreign Powers forbid any precipitate step at this moment.
It remains to be seen how far the presence of the Emperor
and the example of his moderate sentiments will appease
party spirit, and persuade a proud, ambitious, and in general
unenlightened aristocracy to suffer a nation conquered by
them to be placed above them in its political rights. It
must be allowed that the Russian nobility have made
extraordinary sacrifices during the last four years,
and would entitle its wishes to be listened to,
independently of the influence which it has enjoyed
from time immemorial. It is, therefore, highly ne-
cessary for the Russian Government to conciliate the opi-
nion of the country, which is led by the nobility and
clergy, before it attends to what is required by foreign
countries. In this point of view the Emperor of Russia
is perhaps in as difficult a political situation as the King
of the French, who is placed between the parties that di-
vide his kingdom, and must act with great caution, and re-
spect various, and often conflicting, interests. Nay, the
Emperor Nicholas is, perhaps, in a more trying situation
than Louis Philippe, because the French Government,
without as abuse of power, has means to direct public
opinion, which the Russian Government does not possess.
The Emperor's manifesto, of the 18th October, to the
Russian nation, recommending magnanimity and oblivion
of injuries, may serve as an indication of the hatred to Po-
land that prevails in Russia, and be considered as the first
step of the Government to allay it. How far this may
succeed, and the Emperor's, journey contribute to it, the
next four weeks must show, as it seems impossible longer
to delay the formal re-organisation of Poland, unless the
Emperor's absence from the capital should be used as a
pretext for retarding the negotiations with foreign powers.
Count Nesselrode remains at St. Petersburgh, and it is to
be hoped that on the first favourable accounts from Moscow
the negotiations will he brought to a speedy and happy
conclusion, and Poland be again constituted as au indepen-
dent State, under pretty good conditions. The Emperor
himself is not unfavourably disposed to the Poles, and if
he could act according to his own feelings would refuse
few of the conditions offered to them, while the result of
the contest was uncertain. Heave❑ grant that the voice
I of the high-minded Sovereign may influence his nobles, so
that the engagements he has made with Europe may be
faithfully performed, and the Poles be secured in a
tolerable situation.

We are glad to find that the coffee-house
keepers have at length resolved on taking up
the subject of the restrictions with which their
trade is hampered. On the principle of fair play
we heartily wish them success. While free trade
is our national hobby, we should take care that
our practice squares with our professions, and
not allow gin-shops to open at four o'clock in
the morning, while we forbid the venders of
tea and coffee to open their premises until
six. There is something so exquisitely absurd
in the law which entitles a tradesman to stupify
his customers' faculties with gin, while it pre-
vents him from sobering them with coffee, until
a certain fixed hour, when the poison has wrought
sufficient mischief, that we cannot be too anxious
to see it repealed. The sooner the better. By
the law as it at present stands with respect to
gin, and coffee-shops, drunkenness, and de-
bauchery are fostered to the detriment of good
order and sobriety. But this is one of the bles-
sings we owe to Tory Government.

There were no arrivals at the Foreign-office,
nor was their a Cabinet Ccuncil,

MEETING of COFFEE-HOUSE PRO-
PRIETORS-(THIS DAY).

A numerous meeting of the coffee-house proprietors was
held this morning at Mr. Marshall's, 103, Strand, for the
purpose of adopting a petition to Parliament, praying for
the liberty of having their shops open at ass earlier hour
than six o'clock in the morning.
Mr. Cisucirsx having been called to the chair, stated
that the meeting had been called in consequence of so
many informations having been lately laid against some of
their body for being open before six in the morning.
He considered it an anomaly that ought not to exist, that
gin-shops should be allowed to open all the year round at
four o'clock, while coffee-shops, which were of much more
benefit to the public, had no such right. He would only
put it to the makers of the law, whether it was not better
for a man to have a cup of good tea or coffee in the morn-
ing than to have a glass of gin.
Resolutions were then passed to the effect that the re-
strictions on their trade were injurious not only to them-
selves but to the habits and morals of the workmen who
necessarily were out at an early hour in the morning.
The following petition was then adopted ;
TO THE HONOURABLE THE COMMONS OF GREAT
BRITAIN AND IRELAND, IN PARLIAMENT AS-
SEMBLED.
THE HUMBLE PETITION OF THE COFFEE-SHOP
KEEPERS OF LONDON, WESTMINSTER, AND
THEIR ENVIRONS,
SHEWZTII,—That by the 18th section of the 3d of George IV.,
chap. 55, entitled an Act for the more effectual administration of
the office of Justice of the Peace, in and near the Metropolis, and
for the more effectual prevention of depredation on the river
Thames and its vicinity, for seven years, dated July 5, 111.9'2.
That, by the said clause, your petitioners are prevented from
opening before the hour of six o'clock in the morning, between
Michelmas-day and Lady-day, (a period of time generally of such
inclement weather, as induces a better custom to your petitioners'
shops,) under the severest and most distres.ing penalties.
That your petitioners beg humbly to draw but one comparison
to show the anomaly of restrictions in trade, for the sake of their
trade. The law allows the gin-shop, the public-house, and the
new licensed beer-shop to open at four o'clock ; at the former
the intoxicating dram, or the heavy muddling purl, may be had
with impunity, and every inducement is held out for drunken-
ness and debauchery, while your petitioners are not allowed to
vend their articles—namely, coffee, tea, bread and butter, which
so far from stupifying the working man, as well as the market-
gardener, printer, law-writer, butcher, and those attending the
markets, milkmen, and travellers (of which class the morning
customers of your petitioners are composed), it enables them to
recruit their strength, keeps them sober to go through their
daily avocation, and is cheaper to their pocket, their health, and
families.
That your petitioners humbly submit to your Honourable
House, that any encouragement given to them in length of hours
of business must tend to an increase in the revenue of their
country, there being nearly three thousand coffee-shops in
London, Westminster, and their vicinity, there being nearly
15,0001b5. of coffee, 2,0001b5. of tea, 38,0001b5. of sugar, 30,000
quarterns of bread, &c., with butter, eggs, &c. in proportion
daily, besides 18,000 papers and numerous other periodicals and
publications.
That y our petitioners humbly pray your Honourable House
will take their case into your serious consideration, and rescind
so much of the said Act of 3 Geo. IV., chap. 55, clause 18, and
do allow them to open all the year round at four o'clock.
After the petition had been unanimously agreed to, the
Chairman said, that their body had for a long time borne
a very bad name, and he confessed that at first they de-
served it, but for the last few years the trade had been
gradually getting snore respectable. At first all that was
requisite to begin was to get a few fixtures set up, and in
a month or two the person was off, but now the
case was altered, for he knew of instances where
6001. and '7OO/. had been given for houses in the
trade, and one that he knew of was refused on an offer
of 1,2001. These facts proved that the trade was now
more respectable. He, in common with many others,
thought it would be for the benefit of all concerned in the
trade that a Society be formed for their protection, and
the furthering of their present views.
The Society was then formed, and rules adopted for its
government. The meeting then broke up,

VICE-CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

His Honor the VICE-CHANCELLOR took short causes, and
pleas, and demurrers, to-day, but no case worth reporting had
come before the Court previous to our reporter's leaving.

EXCHEQUER COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

The Court did not sit till eleven o'clock this morning, their
Lordships having been engaged in the Chamber with the Judges
of the King's Ber.ch and Common Pleas.
ATTORNEY-GENERAL v. JACKSON AND ANOTHER.
This was an information filed by the Attorney-General against
Randall and William Jackson, for not paying the sum of ninety-
seven pounds as legacy duty. The case was formerly argued
upon demurrer, and was turned into a special case, which was
argued this morning by Mr. Amos, Mr. Wigram, and Mr. Fol.
lett. The case had not been closed when our reporter left, nor
was there any thing worthy of notice in the facts.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, Nov. 23.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived t he Eward, Pilbert,
from Batavia, sailed from the Mauritius th• 23d of July.
PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 23.—Wind W.N.W.—Sailed the Lord
William Bentyielctrarlsport for the eastward.

DARTMOUTH, NOT. ::2.—Arrived the Arcturus, Swan,
from Virginia.
LIVERPOOL, NOT. 22.—Arrived the Lady Cosnbermere,
from Africa.

WHITEHAVEN, Nor. 22.—Arrired the Dykes, Brown,
from Miramichi.

GREENOCK, Nov. 21.—Arrived the Claremont, Kincard,
from Bombay.
DUBLIN, Nov. 22..—Arrived the Patriot, Gibson, from
Messina.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

GENERAL AVERAGE PRICE OF BRITISH CORN,
For the Week ended Nov. 18, 1831, made up from the Returns
of the Inspectors in the di ft'erent Cities anti Towns in England
and Wales, per Imperial Quarter.
Wheat--..... 625. 5d.1 Oats .—..... 235. 3d.1 30s. 11d.
Barley --.. Ws. lid.' Rye .--. 375. 7d I Pea5e........... 445. 7d.
IMPERIAL AGGREGATE AVERAGES OF THE SIX WEEKS PRECEDING.
Wheat.....—.6la.iod I Oats 22.5. 10d.I 40s. 7d.
Barley—....— —38 s. dd.' Rye , 375. 2d. 445. Cd.

DUTIES ON FOREIGN CORN.

Wheat....--.. 255. 8.1.1 Oats .....--. I3s. 9d.1 Beans...—. 9s. Gd.
8ar1ey.,...,... 48.104. Rye —. 14s. Od.l Pease—. 3d. Cdl

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Load of 38 Frusses.)
CUMBERLAND (LATE ST. JAMES'S.)
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 5 to £2 10
New Meadow Hay 2 15 3 10
Useful Old Ditto 2 15 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 5
Clover Hay 4 5 5 10
Oat Straw ......£1 Bto £1 101 Wheat :Maw 1 12 1 14
Supply tolerably good, trade rather dull, and prices about sta-
tionary.
SMITHFIELD.

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 10 to £2 15
New Meadow Hay 3 0 3 10

Useful Old Ditto ' 3 0 3 10

Fine Upland Meadow and liye.grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay (extra fine)...Cs 15... Generally
Oat Straw £ I 10 to £1 12 I Wheat Straw 1 14 1 16
Best Clover Hay ss. per load lower than on Saturday; prices
otherwise stationary. A good supply, and a dull trade,

SOUTHALL MARKET.—Nov. 23.

This day's market was moderately well supplied for the time
of year, but rather thinly attended by buyers. The trade with
very prime Mutton and Pork was somewhat brisk; with Beef,
Veal, and inferior Mutton and Pork, very dull, at the following
prices per stone of 81b. to sink the offals :
Beef 3s. Od. to 4s. Od 1 4s. Od. to Si. Od.
Mutton 3 8 4 10 1 Pork _ 4 0 5 '2
The ibregoing quotations are Veal 2d. per stone lower than
on this day se'nnight ; prices of Beef, Mutton, and Pork, sta-
tionary. Beasts, 354; Sheep, 3077; Calves, 58; Pigs, t 9. A
considerable of the Beasts, and a small proportion of the small
stock, left the market unsold.

THE FUNDS.—(THIS DAY.)
CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
They write from Brussels, that accounts have been received
there from the Hague of the 16th of November, stating that up
to that period the King of Holland continued to give evasive
answers—and that, according to all appearances, he will continue
to do so until after the winter. The butch steamer has not yet
arrived, therefore we arc in a state of uncertainty with regard to
his intentions.
Accounts from Lisbon, via France, to the Gth of November,
say that on the id a Grand Council was held, at which the Mi-
nister of Spain assisted. At the bar of Lisbon they have placed
three old ships of the line, and mounted them with cannon ; but
they are in such a bad state, that it is the opinion of the naval
officers that on tiring the first broadside they will sink.
The Govermnent of the United States have accepted of Don
Miguel's offer to pay them 400,000 francs, as the indemnity claimed
for their losses during the blockade of Terceira. Don Miguel
has granted an ordinance to fonn a foreign legion, which is to be
formed at Abrantes. Several French Officers have already ar-
rived there, and it was expected that the son of Marshal Bour-
moist would be commander of them. It was to be composed of
half Spaniards and the other half Frenchmen.
THE FUNDS.
This is settling day in the Consol Market, and it appears that
the bears have again had a sound drubbing ; two defaulters have
been already declared in the house, one a Ilebrew and the other
a Christian, but they are not first raters.
We understand that the extreme fluctuation during the cc.
count has been about four per cent. Consols' which left off yes-
terday at 833's for the account, opened at the same price ;at
present may be quoted at 83.4 3i, and for January account 84
to %. The chief business doing is in arranging their accounts.
Our arrivals are very scanty this morning, consequently we are
deprived of information. The arrival of the Dutch steamer is
anxiously looked for in regard to the state affairs of Holland and
Belgium.
At present we have no accounts to be depended upon from
Sunderland.ln the Foreign Market nothing doing as yet.
The express from Paris is of little importance.
Vee hear the news is more favourable from Sunderland.
HALF-Pd ST ONE.
Consols have been fluctuating this morning from 831/2 for
Money up to 833, at present may be quoted at 83% for
nynefaxrtthAerccfaoitliunrte;
to
nutphe tio,outshee. present
hMooutrieuy?e daonidiot 83h
el of any
In the Foreign Market little doing.
We just hear the Rotterdam steamer has arrived.
THREE 0' GL 0 CK.
Consols, B.q.

We understand that a few of the boroughs in
schedule B. are likely to be placed in the new Reform
Bill in schedule A. So mush for the benefit derived by
the Anti-Reformers from their rejection of the Bill. They
may rely upon it that the oftener and the more strenu-
ously they resist Reform, the more complete will be the
triumph of the Reformers,
