WATERLOO, SOUTHWARK, A-14

VAUXHALL BRIDGES.-- ' .
-ca
PUBLIC MEETING IN LAMBETH.* -
A public meeting of the inhabitants of Lambeth '1
held yesterday at the Hero of Waterloo, Waterloo-road,
" for the purpose of promoting the means of throwing
open Waterloo anti other bridges toll-free."- •
B. flawas, Esq., M.P., teak the chair.
Mr. riatinv COPE, the Secretary to the 'MetroPlitini:'
Anti-Bridge Toll Association, opened the business ofitlin.,
meeting, by stating how general the feeling of the nr,eja°"
polis was in favour of the object for which,theYere to
assembled. Petitions to the House of Commons in sup
port of that Abject were in course of. preparation, and had.
already received more than 30,000, signatures. The ex-
pense of building Waterloo Bridge amounted to •
w
1,060,0001., and the—snot--due --to • --that --proprietors
amounted at, present to • 43,000,090/- 0r...7b00,000/.
' The original shares amounted .t 6 ;pot. ;each, and those
shares were now at a nominal vitutand a nominal value
only—of 3s. 10d. There were besides two classes of an.
nuitants, aml also bondholders; while the original sharo•-•••
holders received no benefit whatever from the tolls taken'.'
at the bridge at present, and could not expect to receive .•
any for the future. He believed that the opening of
Waterloo Bridge could now be purchased for 400,000/. or
500,0001. ; and every one would feel the advantages-
from so opening it, both as regarded the commerce of the •
Metropolis and of the neighbourhood, and the removal Of..
that immorality and pollution which prevailed in the irrfr,
mediate vicinity of the bridge, and Which were owing
solely to its not being thrown open to the public.
Mr. HAWES said that the opening of Waterloo Bridge,
would certainly be attended with important moral effects,- •
and would greatly improve the trade of the neighbour.
hood, and of the metropolis generally. The Hon. Gentle.:
man then alluded to the various schemes by which it wan;
proposed to purchase the redemption of the bridge. Of
all those schemes the one which appeared to him the most:
practicable would be the granting to the blrough of Lam.
both a share in the City coal-duties. The inhabitants
of
the borough contributed largely to the duties in question.
and they were certainly entitled, so long as they did soi
to a portion of them. That, however, had not hitherto
been the case; and these funds had been appropriated to
the improvements of the City only. He would not give
an opinion as to the policy or the propriety of taxing coals
at all, but while there was a tax derived from such a source'
those who paid that, tax ought to benefit by it.—( Heaty.
Mr. H. Corr said; that' an additiortal deity of. 3d, pot
ton on coals wouLd raise upwards of 30,0001. a year, nod
that sum would be, sufficient to keep down the interest of
the share-holders.
present, when it was int.'
1-•;', thought that, at a time like Ike
nded to embellish various parts'
of the metropolis, and to op,.'n
.the aeo!ess to them at enure •
mous expense, it was not too rauch.to expect that. a trif-
ling charge should be incurred to throw open an existing
communication. •
Resolutions were then adopted in se,gvour of the objects
of the meeting, and it was resolyee:, that Mr. Hawes
should take charge of the petition to•be vresented on the
subject, whenever the most convenient time fol. his doing
so might be supposed to have arrived. ,
A vote of thanks having then been passed to the Chau..
man, the meeting separated. •

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
ASCOT-HEATH RACES—YESTERDAY. •
The attendance and sport yesterday were
itt
quantity, not,• we believe, that there was -much :tube rerFtt,ca
oa this score, for the weather was wretchedly,cold,
and wet. Before describing the three events wretchedly,,
Cotaa..
~sadly • deficient
prise the bill of fare, we may observe as a general remark th 7
the meeting. has in most of its details. surpassed our exV C
gross amount of 1839, without affecting those at the wring,
thins ; the receipts at the Grand Stand considerably exceecieci th:
enclosure ; the number of cards sold, added to 'other eirclula2
stances, gives colour to the assertion, that the assemblage::
the first three days was much larger than last year. •
rangements, as we have before mentioned, were on
and judicimia system, and were carried out in the roost zal • -
tury manner.
that if the
Prom the following returns it will be gathered,'
racing was "short," it was" sweet" : , 3 Toltli-
The Workington Handicap Stakes of 5 sOVS. each, 'for, )
.and upwards. Last three quarter's of the new. mile. 26 stlbSt.
I
Lord Exeter's Hellespont, 3 yrs, 6st 71b (Howlett)
Mr. Maley's Belissima (Ix b); 5 yrs, Sit
.71b . .... . ...•. ..•.... 3, •
Mr. Robertson's Burning Beauty, 3 yrs, 5:t.11113'...:?••-••••
The following also started, but were not 'planed ;---COlorie'
Peel's Paganini, 5 yrs, 9se; Mr. Shelley's The Drama, 4 yrs,
7st tilis •Captain .Mr. Farrell's br f Lama, 3 yrs, 7st ; Gard"'
nor'a Brother to Enterprise, 3 )rs, Est 71b ; Colonel Anson's'
'''
The Ruler, 3 yrs, Est 41b ; aske of Beaufort's f by' Aug'loV7
out of Courtesan, 3 yrs, 4st 41b : anti Colonel Wyudhams; 4'l*i--
by 'Nonsense, out of Slirip, s .yrs, 3st
,121 b..
Betting.-4 to 1 agst the Drama-9. to 2 apt Brother', to
','.
Enterprise-9 to 2 agst The Ruler-5 to 1 agst 13urnin
Beauty-6- to 1 agst Bellissima—and 7to I agst Higreipan '
Bellissima and Hellespont laid together in front from the be"'
ginning to end, the mare having a slight lead, till near the' ea"
when the Hellespont headed her, and won by half a length"
The Ruler was fourth, Br, ther to Enterprise fifth, The Drama';
Paganini, and Augustus filly next, Nonsense., filly ninth,=an"
Lama last,, a long way behind. ' -
A Plate of 501., the gift of the Members for the BorOugh of
New Windsor, added to a Sweepstakes of 10 soya. each. Or,
two or three yr olds; 2 yrs old, ist ; 3 yrs',
.gst 2lb
and geldings allowed 31b. The winner .to be sold foi
soya , &c. Three quarters of a mile. •(3 subs.)
Mr. Webb's ch c Recovery, out of Minna, 2 yrs' (Nat)
Mr. Hervey's Saracena, by Saracen—Victim, 2 yrs ... .
3 to 1 on the Recovery colt, which made the running
about 300 yards, fell back, and waited to the road, resumed Po
lead, and won in a canter by two lengths. •
Plate of 50 sovs for the beaten horses of the week ;'3_yes,e-oldas ,
7st ;' 4 yrs, Bst 61b : 5 yrs, est 131 b ; 6 yrs and aged, gst 21b,;
mares and geldings allowed 31b ; winners once this year 31k,,_
twice Mb extra.
~The winner to be sold for 350/,, &c.
e
old mile.
Colonel Anson's c Nicholas, 3 yrs ...............(Francis),
Mr. Beresford's Bob Peel, 3 yrs ....... •
Mr. Byng's Barrabbae, 4 yrs
Mr. King's Ruby, 6 yrs
Betting.-7 to 4 against Barabbas--3 to 1 agst Nieholas
3to 1 agst Bob Peel—and 4to 1 agst Ruby, Bob Peel matk
the running, followed for the first quarter of a mile by Nicholas•
and then by Barrabbas, who gave way after passing the diss
tance ; Nicholas took is place, was head and he d with Bob
Peel at the corner of the stand, and in the same position at
the end; indeed it was etre of the fairest dead heats Mr... Clark
ever pronounced; Ruby and Barrabbss were a length behinds'
and nearly neck and neck for the third I p ace.
Second Heat. —rob Peel cut out the work till near the dig-
t
ance, when Nicholas went up, and, after a fine race, won • by a
head.

LATEST ST. LEGER BETTYNG
3 to 1 agst Marquis of Westminster's Lau=lot.
7 to 2 agst Lord G. Beutinek's •
16 to l'agst Marquis of The Shah.
20 to 1 agst General Yates's Gibraltar
20 to Y agst Duke of Cleveland's Theon

;

EVENING EDITION.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI-

SLAVERY CONVENTION.

[A:paragraph having been somewhat inconsiderately
inserted in our yesterday's report respecting the not fur-
nishieg with sufficient promptness a document for pub-
lication, we feel it just to say, that the Secretaries, con-
sidering the great extent of business they have to get
through, have always displayed the greatest willingness,
nay, readiness., to give us any aid in their power; and
we.have furSler to express our sense of the courteous at-
tention, pain generally to the press.
eWct ray further venture to state, that the Convention
with treat benevolence have commenced a subscription
for t'ee unfortunate man who had so dreadful a fall from
Mr narrow platfOriiiiiitkid the top of the hall.]
Dr. GREVILLE in the Chair.
After the Minutes had been compared,
Mr. STURGE rose to bring forward the question of the
RESULTS OF EMANCIPATION.
His object was to demonstrate that the great experiment,
so far as it bad been tried, had fully succeed id, end that
free.labour was far better than slave.
Mr. BOULTREE said his object in moving this Com-
mittee was to carry out Mr. O'Connell's recommendation.
" To turn our efforts to practical measures," by showing
the advantage of freedom over slavery—by showing that
honesty is the best policy. That principle is the only
real expediency: The difficulties in the way- of eman-
cipation are—the reluctanCe of the slave-holders to part
with arbitrary power and their apprehension of pecua
nary loss. The only compensation they can have for the
loss of power is the greater degree of respectability and
happiness to be derived from the exercise of justice and
humanity than from oppression and cruelty. As to the
pecuniary part of the question it may be proved to demon-
stration that free labour is more advantageous than
that cif-slaves. The lifficulty is not to find arguments,
but 'to select from the mass, such as are most appropriate
to the occasion. There are gentlemen present who. can
*peak te the effects of free labour in India. Our friends,
whose love of justice and humanity, and freedom has
brought them from America, to aid this great cause, can
tell you that comparing the free States with those where
slavery still lingers, the advantage is invariably on the side
of freedom-,_ethers will speak to our colonies; the testimony
of these different and unconnected parties makes the evi-
_ gillinWet complete. In America the comparison is made be-
lween adjoining properties possessing the same advantages
as to fertility of soil and salubrity of climate, one culti-
vated by slaves the other by freemen at • the same time;
in our colonies the experiment upon the same property,
cultivated at one time by slaves and at another by freemen.
He should confine his remarks to the result of emancipa-
Coal') the British Colonies. The eyes of the world are fixed
upon that great measure; as it succeeds or fails so will our
cause progress or linger. It is of paramount importance,
therefore, that the experiment should b a fairly made, which
be contended, was not yet the case. We unfortunately
paid beforehand, and the consequence was we had not yet
value for our money. Bad laws have been enacted by the
planters.- The laws necessary for the protection of the
Degrees have not been enacted ; bat, worst of all, the ad-
ministration.of the lain; has been in the hands of the op-
pressors (as in Ciba), and consequently oppression still
rears Its head. .The planters not only oppress the negroes,
bit they endeavour to ruin by legal expenses any one who
hti the courage to defend them. It was to this point
lie was anxious to call the attention of the Meeting.
fund bad been raised to defend these honest
and honourable men. He most earnestly hoped that all
these who were in affluence, would contribute to this fund.
When the planters found that their infernal contrivance
'was defeated, and-only brought expense and disgrace upon
themselves,' they 'would cease to persevere. This is one
Ptactical measure. lie would mention one other, and
then sit down. The power of inflicting corporal punish.
xnent or torture upon the ne,groes being taken away from
the planters, they had resorted to a system of exorbitant
rents and eljentments. This lieconiidered was their last
stronghold, and from that they Might be driven with
little trouble. or expense. The remedy he had in view
hasebeen adopted upon a small scale, and only required to
be-extended to secure our victory in the cause of humanity.
Considerable tracts of land have been purchased and re-
tailed •to the ejected 'negroes at the same price per acre.
Now, if it were sold to them at double the price, it would
still answer the purpose, with this advantage, that the pro.
fits might be'applied to extending the operation. For up-
wards of half a century, in reflecting on slavery, his feelings
bad been- divided between commiseration for the oppressed
and shame for the oppressors. In imagination he had
~:Painted 'the' abettors of slavery as smeared from bead to
..,,..fdot with blood, which their. avarice had caused to flow.
„it-4 couldenot return to his home upon good terms with
himself 'without raising his voice as loud as he could
againFt the obnoxious and. terrible crime of slavery.. In-
'the spirit was willing, though the flesh was weak."e'he Rev. Mr. Kellen then came forward amidst
r reat • cheering to - "state what he -had seen and
heard' of the effect of that great measure -of eman-
tipatien, which had gladdened the Islands of the West.
Before he proceeded with the general remarks which it
was his intention ea. offer, he wished to clear the character
of his negro brethren from the calumniee that had been
east Upon them from many quarters. He spoke his honest
convietions when he asserted that there did not exist under
the canopy of heaven a more industrious, moral, or
Peaceible peasant than.- those things whom the British
uation had ?wade rnee.—( Loud cheers,) He would not
take up their time by reading, many extracts, but as he
kneai that many imputations had been 'east upon them by
interested parties, he would give them the character of
the negroes, in the words and under the authority of one
'who had held the office of Gevernor—( Hear, hear)— Sir
Smith—(LoudLionel and general cheering)—and when
'be Mentioned his name he mentioned the name of onewhom
"erY ",emancipated negro in Jamaica almost adored—
`cCheers)—he mentioned the name of an individual who
exerted all the powers of an energetic mind for the proteetion
"ef the' oppressed -and the deliverance of the captive--
Iliear'ehear)e—andif there was any subject more painful
ellen another, to Lim, it was his premature rceal, by which
'fle:*tiai not permitted to Carry out the principle of justice
41 benevolence upon which every feeling of his heart was
set ,:-;77( Hear. hear.) In answer to -an address which
re (Mr: Knibb) bad the honour, in conjunction with
gtis. Rev. Brethren, of presenting to his Excellency, he
wPoke in the highest terms of the exemplary conduct of the
aegroes. ,He trusted that thesedocements-would be called
for by the Committee, and that they would go fully to. the
The next document to which he would call their
intention Was from 'Sir Charles Metcalfe, who had also
borne testimony to the conduct of the negroes, although
be had though fit to denounce the Baptists as political
agitators.—( Hear, and a laugh.) But if the using their
best endeavours to defend the rights, and secure the free-
dom of the negroes, was political agitation, then be (Mr.
linibh) avowed himself one ; and he would never shrink,
Ab 7 the fear of such epithets, from the discharge of his
"eetY.--(Cheers.) Sir Charles Metcalfe said the country
7„as extremely tranquil, although there was no police, and
ht the labouring population was cheerful and happy.
ellte negroes were cheerful and happy, why should they
coerced...why attempt to manacle them—why introduce
Vagrant Acts, and an armed police force to tern them
Y„.Q.atstheir domiciles,;and try again to excite discontent and
uWorder in tbe minds of the labouring population ?
"leer. hear.) . In the ,observations bo would have to
arses lee . would prove that emancipation bad produced
),„ • increase" of morality, social order, and domestic
-"Crsiness..—( Hear, hear.) These truths had so clearly
re
sealed themselves in Jamaica that he almost feared to
.
eleneiss-mpen their patience by again referring to them.
"te' ut if there were persons Who doubted the fact, might be
litefel-to repeat it, so that they might be stimulated to
fresh efforts, until every slave had become a freeman, and
7twere enabled to witness throughout the 'world those
delightful -scenes- which it. had been his (Mr. Knibb's)
V,lppiness to "witness' in the isles of the west.—( Hear,
,4140';' hear.) There bad been since freedom came a uni-
,171144 observance of marriage.__( Hear, heir.) The bre-
,fll3 -with whom he was connected had celebrated nearly
ge°oo ivarriages since that period.—( Hear, hear.) Many
. said "that. now their wives and their "children were
`uatr, own, and the lash could no longer reach them."
:bad•been anobservaece of the Christian sabbath all
h7fire island, end he declared that he had seen more
eirtoration of the sabbath in one day in' London than he
.ver seer since freedom had smiled on the island of
"'"'Sa.--i-(Cheers.) The absence of crime formed an-
b!!' interesting feature in connexion With the subject.
lls,parieh. where the " political agitators" live there
) been a diminution of crime unparalleled in the history
tUfLtsOrtatiy other country.. In the parish of Trelawney
eires, -were from thirty-five ..to forty thousand indi-
te`",4,si and daring the first quarter of a year, after
f":„ abolition- of slavery, only One person had been tried
fee atrOtrelloo against the laws of his country, and during
et! last iiiarter also only on person hid been tried.--
(Heats heao Ili the House of Correction of the die.
Rhea John Joseph Gurney, a name dear to all—
tCheersY—visited it, he only found one prisoner, and he
bats, a white man.—(Hear, and laughter.) He (Mr.
knibb) had been there, and although he had mentioned
t4g.eircumstanee before, it might perhaps be,as well to
"Peat h• it He fennel the treadmill covered with dust and
fift
sad he 'said to Mr. Barber (for he liked to give the
is
.4111111.- •
la order that there might be every possible scrutiny
Cum4,..,lsta statements) " How comes it that the treadmill is
tbo 4i6 condition ?" His reply was, " The fact is, ever since
lst of August came we have never been able to muster
eight hands at a time, and it won't turn round with less."
(beers and laughter.) There were more than one or
ewe houses of correction, or gaols, which bad been shut up
or Months, not a single inmate being found therein. He
tl;,„_llid only. refer to one more fact—he had the names of
-IvrYPerson tried at the last assizes for the county, which
eantained a, population of about 125,000, and only four-
teen 'perions had been tried out of that number. Six out
of the fourteen were white men.; three of the black men
uu,Were acquitted of the crimes laid to their.charge, and there
"aa not one female among the whole. —( Hear.)
t. Mr. STUROE—What proportion did the white popula-
-1°!-Btar to the -black ?
efel:tert. R. KNIBB—I dont think there are more than
e—e'(X)Oeee, (a gentleman in the body of the meeting said
"rued
A respected friend and minister, Mr. Tench, had
"glued him that although he had resided nearly seven
Z._,44ra in the district near which he (Mr. Knibb) dwelt, he
elver seen a drunken man since he had lived (Hear,there..—
r hear.) With respect to the diminution of crime
e, Would state, that out of a population of 24,000, among
:i?aorn there were 771 members and inquirers, only•one in-
eividual had been brought to the bar of his country, and
"e had been acquitted.—( Hear, bear.) The next subject
he
Would -touch upon was this—they had heard that not
I/eIY. had morality, social order, and domestic happiness
increased since emancipation, but he would add that
industry was the order of the day wherever the negroes
Here
fairly treated. Wherever a fair rate of wages was
ten, then they were always ready and willing to work.
etc knew not whether 21bs. of sugar were_ now made in-
-840 of one, or two glasses of rum to poison them, or one
oelaugh)—that was a question with which they had
el°,tebing to do ; but he bad heard and he believed this—that
soil there was a diminution its the cultivation of the
o'‘,11; that had not arisen from any indisposition on the part
4' the negroes to labour, but because they had been offered
rite of wages which it would be exceedingly foolish in
th
eiets to take, and which they often had more trouble to
44111 than it was worth, after they had fairly earned it.
