TO THE INHABITANTS OF TRALEE.

GENTLEMEN,-Mr. O'Connell has addressed you, and
exhorted you to exhibit at this momentous period, the free
exercise of those rights with which the Constitution of
these realms has invested you.
Will you give ear to this appeal ? or must it be no sooner
heard than forgotten ? as an inhabitant of your County I
may be permitted to put this question, and as an intimate
with many of yon, I may anticipate your reply; the
appeal will be heard—and not only heard but obeyed,
for the sp;rit of independence and true patriotism is
within you, and grasps at the opportunity presented for
developing its energies. Mr. O'Connell has appealed to
you—but it is not Mr. O'Connell's appeal—it is the voice
of six millions !—bound together by equality of suffering,
by equality of oppression, by equality of degradation—
bound together by a sacred bond of union, that no earthly
power can break, while the spirit of exclusion is tri-
umphant.
England is arousing from her lethargy, the sleep of an
hundred years is at length shaken from her eyelids, and
her eye is fixed on the horrid picture ; " Ireland in chains
writhing and heaving beneath the weighty bonds which
have nearly rent her heart in sunder." Ireland the avenger
of England's wrongs, her sons who fought and fell in battle
by her side, but fought and fell in slavery, the remnant still
fighting, conquering, but conquering and fighting in de-
gradation ; the picture is a dreadful one, though not exag-
gerated; England shuddering shnts her eyes, but only
to open them to a thorough conviction of her merciless in-
flictions, and a fixed determination to snake amends—
truth is abroad—it exclaims that Catholic disability of the
19th century is not Catholic disability of two centuries
before ; that Catholic virtue can no longer be enslaved by
Protestant intolerance. Unanimity, decision, and perseve-
rance, are working their silent way; thousands are con-
verted on the road, and rally round that standard, from
which once they fled as from the poisonous Upas. _ _

This is a bright prospect, and the haven of liberty is
nigh—but to attain it—one mind—one feeling—east--
west—north and south—is necessary—the spirit must be
general—Kerry must awaken her energies, nor be last to
follow the glorious example of the County Clare—and if
I rightly estimate her principles she will not be backward.
The bigots of England and pitiful Orangemen may pro-
phecy rebellion,—fools—let them prophecy it in themselves,
if they choose—for the cap fits them—but do they ab-
surdly suppose, that Catholic Ireland is not yet awakened
to the overpowering influence of universal unanimity--
are they not aware that union of mind must, and will
achieve what can never be attained by union of body—to
barbarism—to the dark ages—to cringing ascendancy men
—the latter belongs as matter of right—(the loyalty of
the 400,000 is a sample of it! !) But its this intellec-
tual age, be our's the glorious task of proving to intole-
rance, the resistless efficacy of the former, when linked
with the unflinching perseverance of suffering Irishmen.
Inhabitants of Tralee—and Catholics of Ireland—the
hour is at band—equality of rights awaits you—let una-
nimity be your guide—and freedom will follow is your
footsteps. F. W. M.
* We understand the writer is Mr. Frederick W.
Mullins,, eldest son of the Hon. and Rev. F. Mullins, of
Beaufort House, county of Kerry.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TWELVE o'CLorr

Consols opened this morning at 88f, sellers, for
account, became buyers, and were done at 88k, since
which, with very trifling business, they have gone
back to 88i for money, and 88k, buyers for the 15th
October. India Bonds are 107 9; Exchequer Bills,
74 5 pm.

The Foreign Funds remain without any transac-
tion of impertance, and not snore than three bargains
have been done since the commencement of business ;
Russian Bonds have improved a trifle and are 94 4;
Danish have been done at 63i ; and Portuguese at
being a shade lower.
In Shares every thing is dull, and no business can
be reported. The only news in the City to-day is
from Madeira, by a vessel that' sailed on the 9th ult.,
at which period every means had been resorted to to
put the island in the best state of defence against the
threatened expedition from Lisbon, the sailing of
which we already know. Gun-boats had been
launched, the military force in the island consisted
of nearly 3000 men, who appeared to, be faithful to
the Constitutional cause, and felt themselves secure
against the armament of Don Miguel.
The Camden packet, from Jamaica, was spoke
with on the Ist inst., 40 leagues to the S.W. of
Scilly, by a vessel sugar loaded from Bahia, arrived
off Falmouth, and the West India merchants in con-
sequence are complaining bitterly that such frequent
instances take place of merchant vessels proving
their superiority in despatch to the Post-office packets.
Three per Cent. Consols, 87 ; Ditto, for Account,
esi 4; Bank Stock, shut; India Bonds, 107 109 pin.;
Exchequer Bills, 74 5 pm.
Fonainn.—Brazilian, 63 ; Buenos Ayres, 43 5 ;
Chilian, 26 8 ; Colombian, 24 I; Danish, 63i 1; Greek,
19} ; Mexican, Six per Cent., 40 ; Peruvian, 2! 4 ;
Portuguese, 53i 41; Russian, 14 4; Spanish, 11
MtNEs.—Anglo Mexican, 70 67 dis. ; Brazilian, 46
48 pm. ; Bolanos, 135 45 pm. ; Colombian, 4 a dis. ;
Real Del Monte, 130 110 dis. ; Ditto Subscription, 32
20 dis. ; United Mexican, 18 17 dis.

TWO O'CLOCK.
The Price of Consols continues without variation
at 88R, and no business, the Market being almost
deserted. The Foreign Funds are in a simihr state.
THREE O'CLOCK .
Consols for Account, 8811 I. Nothing doing.
FOUR O'CLOCK.—CLOSING PRICES.

Consols 88i
Do. for Ac. 88
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayres
Chilian Do.
Columbian, 1824 241

Danish 63i
Greek, 1825 19i
Mexiean, 1825
Peruvian
Russian 94
Spanish, 1821 11

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FI:ONI LLOYD'S.

DEAL, SEPT. s.—Wind N.E.--AiTived from
London; the Laura, Thomas, for Newfoundland ;
Ann and Elizabeth, Colom, for the South Seas; and
Maraboo, Duke; for Africa.

PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. s.—Wind variable.—Passed
the Electra, Baker, from New York.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 4.—Wind E.—Arrived the
Albion, Hudson, from Havre. Sailed the Russian
squadron for the Mediterranean; and Albion, Hud-
son, for Nantes.

FALMOUTH, SEPT. 4.—Wind E. to S.E.—Arrived
the Mary, Shand, from Bahia.
DARTMOUTH, SEPT. 4.--Arrived the Comet,
Ormston, from Madeira, sailed the 9th ult.
HULL, SEPT. 5.--Arrived the Waterloo, White,
from Riga; Hilda, Bedlington, from Memel; Re-
quest, Davidson, from Dantzic; and Malvina,
from Gottenburgh.
DOVER, SEPT. s.—Arrived the Zenobia, Douglas,
from Calcutta, sailed the sth of April.
ABERDEEN, SEPT. 3.—The John, Gibh, from
Archangel to Yarmouth, passed through this Bay ;
she spoke, on the 9th ult., off the River Ponai, the
Anaereon, Newton, of Sunderland, returning to
Archangel water-logged, having been on shore upon
Knock John.

The Tyne, Cotgrave, was burnt at Bombay the
19th of March.

The Newland, Hunter, from Riga, was on shore
on the Holm Sand yesterday; cargo discharging.
The Elizabeth and Sarah, Smith, of Shields, and
the Cassiopeia, of Sunderland, were lost on Hasbro'
Sand on Thursday morning; crew saved.
The Thetis, Bailie, of Bristol, was burnt at sea;
the master and twe of the crew were picked up in
let. 36. long. 41., by the Cognac packet, arrived off
Crookhaven.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

POLICE INTELLIGENCt.--(THIS DA.V.

BOW-STREET.

A ragged looking woman was brought up in custoti,
under the following circumstances :—Four gentlemen tv,
walking along the Strand, at about two o'clock•this nlOl/
ing, and were accosted by the prisoner, who was la
beastly state of drunkenness, and continued to annoy
aforesaid gentlemen till. they looked round for a watchm
and insisted on the first they met preventing herfollowt
The watchman after some reluctance interfered and thr
her down. She got up, ran screaming aftec the gent
men, and accused one of them with trying to steal
pocket by tearing it from her. Her screams brought.
John Benzley, another watchman, who persisted in talc'
ker charge, drunk as she was, and the whole party we
to the watch-house, the watchman by the wily '
having with great rudeness to the gentlemen.. W •
at the watch-house the constable detained the gif
and dismissed the gentleman, who attended
this mor
ing to complain of the watchman's treatment. • (:).°4
of them stated that on several occasions he had been
stilted by females in the Strand, near Beazley's beat, al!
coal never make a watchman hear his call. If, bower
a female happened to scream, then a flock of "
appeared in a few minutes. He had no doubt lhttE
watchmen were connected with the women, and. frequent'
made a good night's work of it.
It was proved that Beasley kept a brothel in Eagle
court, and Mr. HALLS suspended him in consequence.
