Ir. •
• 444,
•.),* 0

M()NDA Y, D C %I 13 tt . 1812.

PAOSPECTZIS OF A NEW WEEKLY PAPER,

" . TO BE CALLED '
THE .NOTTINGITAM ',GAZETTE;

. • ott,
POLvriCXL, LITERA[tY, AGRIC T 7 LTUR,AL, and CO]I-
111iRCIAL REI,f4IS ITS, for the XIDLAND COUNTIES.

N.requ-:,tinir the attention. of the Pub!lc to a
new C4'ce!il+ Paper, we :feel ourselves boundin Onty•to
,state distine,:ly the reasons which in:' ice us to eifkage in this
undertakin4; the principles upon winch ,-we propose to eon=
dect it; the means that we poSsess to render it desertiuk
the Per,. .-Liee which we presume to sulieit.—Piaifessions' of
public principles, we are sensiliie, have been so frequently
euipfoyed-to disgui-•e schemes of private interest, that we
should disdain' to make them, were we not conscious of our
sincerity ; and Willing, tlis our subsequent conduct should,
tit all times, be eimiparal 'with- our present, deelaretion.s. WiJ
have seen; with deep regret, the attempts" which have been
made in many ,parts of the empire; and, especially, in this
and home of the 'neighbouring Counties; 11 means of: that
pow:left:l engine the public Press, to excite popeifir ' dis Co-
ntent.; to depreeiate the -Blessings which we enjoy;' to'fahri-
cate imaginary grievances; and to introth3ce false•but plausi
ble themirs,aa-destractiof individual happiness, as they are
subversive of public tranquility. Ca a worst!, .we, have ete_-n •
every expedient, that the mast mieebievous ingenuity could
devise, employe:lto infuse poison into.the public mind, terex-
Cite a general spirit of insitherdivation, and, under the pre-
text of reforming, to destroy the vital prn•eiples of the Con-
stitution. With a view to counteract these dangerous Joe-
tries, andto defeat these pernicious macliinations by a c tn-
did appeatto the goad :tense of our countrymen, we.propose •
to establish the Nottingham Gazette.
It is tuweeessary to detail the outrages which .have so long
agieated and disgraced this part of the Country. We are
convinced, that they owe their origin and 'their .progress to
the malignant artitices of pretended Patriuts, wuo have
availed themselves of the temporary depression which our
commercehas, :,experienced, to propagate discontent, and to
excite insurrection. To supply an antidote to the evil, and
to convince oar deluded Conntrynien, that such tends,
only to sap the foundations of civilized Society', but to
fi.istrate the purposes v-nich they profess to pursue; we now
icii are to aiiiem, and shall always be prepared to maintain,
teat industry and dishonesty caimot. long prosper together;
that the same systeni,- which leads to the plunder . of the
opulent, must deprive the O'er, both of the,saurces and' of
the fruits of-their labour; and, that -the happiness of indi-
viduals-' as Well' as tile welfare Of-the State, equally depend
upon olietlien..e to the Laws, and attachment to our excellent
Constitution.. . , . .

Since much- of the mischief Which we deplore-has been
caused by the abuse of the public Press, we flatter Ourselves,
that, by' the legitimate use of the panic instrument, we shall
be able to contribute essentially to the correction of the ivil.
We shall, therefore, omit no :opportunity. of contr.:dieting
the-NW.ountledassertioni, of exposing the misrepresentations,
and of detecting the supLiistry'of those wht; have-so long la
• boured .to misle.•.d and to. pervert the minds of the-people
We profess ourselves to oe siheereiv and unalterably-attached
to the gennine4principles• of 'the British ConstitutidlY, both
in-Church and--Stikte,•grateful for the blessings which, under
its influence, .ice- enjoy, and t!,itertained to defeud it, to the
utmost of our ptiseer, t:7;ainst the open attacks of foreign, and
the eecret machinations of domestic. *tie:pies. V.'e cannot
Contemplate, withiast detestation, those invidious -and. de-
structive theorie,, which -are caiculated only to render men
disxatisfied with the actual good which therpossess,. and'to
era age. them in the pursuit of delusive and untaainable
pei;ection. Our opinions are founded, not upon spe...illition,.
bat .e.tp-e:'.ea-c —We have seen these theories reduced to
practleein•a iteigiroottring country; and have bewailed the
melancholy resalt,-We to et seen, that when.thesinot cla-
morous pr:,:os,sors of zeal for liberty have been elevated to
-poputar favour, they have exerciseh that- power
t,' e 1 "lo: remorietles: • . They were,
indeed, dreadloic impartial iP heir Their san-
guinary ferocity was extended indiscriminately to all classes
of the community.. From their stealth, the RiCit could
rive no projection. in their obscurity, he Poor could find
no safety. Such at length was the exce,.:sive and unparalleled
wretchedness, to which the advocates for speculative liberty
and universal egliality had reduced the people of Fr;nsce,
that they have been compelled to close the sanguinary-con-
flict b submitting to the abject slavery of military despotism.
To unmask the artilices,to defeat the designs, of factious de-
magogues, and to save, as far as we are able, our country-
-men from any similar cous&pences will be deemed our best-
reward.. We feclao slavish'attachinent to any of the great
parties in the State; but we shall give our confidence and
our support to those men, who, by their condnet, prove their
zealand devotion to that Constitution, under which' we en-
joy so many blessings; and-by which we have hitherto been
preserved safe' amidst the ruin and desolation 'of almtist
ever; other Kingdom. But, at the same time that we defend
our Own opinioas with firmnesq we shall bear with camiutir,
and i7l-,ert with cheerfulness, the. 'arguments of those who
differ from- us,. When -stated with that-liberality whiCh we
hope, on our part, never to violate. Static' the
ples'whichwe profess: and should it ever be priived• that we
ahandon them, we shall be content to be considered as hav-
iog forfeited overy.claim to political ethisisteney; and to pub-
lic favour.

Having explained the leading principles of • onr intended
Publication.- we, have only to meniien the subordinate ar-
rangcrneuts. The importance as well as tl* intricacy of the
manufacturing interests, particularly as they are connected
with the prospefity of the Midland Counties, demand at this
critical juncture an investigation, Which we shall endeavour
to.conciact with Moderation and fidelity. Under the guidance
'of locai.knowledje and practical experience, we shalt define
the relittive privileges of the Masters and the workmen. But
while We suggest ineaSares for preventing abuses and for con-
ciliating reciprocal conadenee, We shall not be detetrea from
exposing the fallacy of groundless complaints, or the guilt of
lawless-violence.• We flatter ourselves that by the curly Fo-
reign and oaestic intelligence which we are enabled to ob-
tain, we shall not only equal, but excel our Competitors. The
news from the ea-ports (an article always iirl.eresting in a
Commercial COuntry) Will engage our' particular attention ;
and,'hy one Correspondents at Bristol, -Liverpool, and Hull,
we shall .articipate even the. London Papers with respect to
th'ese ports. It will be our • study always. to procure the
fullest.and most authentic information relative to the affairs
of Agricailtur,7 and of Commerce, and a certain portion Of our
Paper will be allattiol to Philosophical and Literary Piseus.-
sion Our Readers may also rely upon finding in the Noi
ham (i,izette, the host correct accounts of the proceedings of
-the Courts of Law, of the Transactions its our Universities,
of Church Preferments, of Naval arid Military PromotiOns, of
the Movements of Troops, of Fairs Markets, Races, and
public ~Iniasemeots; in short, we shall spare neither labour
nor expense to render oar Paper :worthy of the patronage to
which we aspire.. We are aware, • however, that the Public
will estimate our merits not by our promises • but by' our
performance, and,.by that criterion 'we are content ..to be
j udg ed.

The-NOT !INGHAM GAZETTE will he published on the
Futstr,DAY or JAxirAnyl.lsl3, and on every Into.i:y through-
out the -yebr, by Mr. ormAN, High-street, Nottingham,.
where Advertisements, Orders fur the Paper, an'a Letters for
the Enrron, :..00st paid), will be thankfully received ; also,
atTAYtel.: aim NcwroN'.s, No. 5, Warwick-square, and Mr-
WHITF, Fleet-street, London. , .

Price Sixpence-halfpenny, or Seven Shillings and Sixpence
per Qnarter.

•
H
TUSSILENIUM, OR TE COUGH MEDICINE.•
1 THIS valoable MEDICINE, after' a trial of
many years, is, with the utmost confidence and a con-
cientions coaviction of its importance, at length offered to
the Pnhhic as a specific in cases of COUGH and CATARRH.
The etfccfs.cf the TUSSILENIUM are almost immediate in
Mies-Laing the most riolent-paroxysins of Cotigfiing the most.
inveterate Coughs will
„yield to its use moderately persevered
in. In cases of Consumption it will be found a powerful pal.
liative, and if ,taken in time a preventativeof disease.
Sold (bt appointment) .only by Me. Tindal, Stationer, 30,
Mortimer-street, a few doors from Cavendish-square, in
Pint ,Bottles, es. and Half-pints 45..6d. each, Stamps • in-
cluded—sent to any part of Town.
*4,* Orders for the Country executed for a single Pint.

tart's Office.

gt,imll"-,
_.‘,.
\-_-%
,L. : .-..„...,,__:=
--- • i A , ~ -
4
V,
Pt, ~. 4, , L,„,5. ~,
~..
it ‘t'.,ki ts- j---
-ft, -- re , ,
\ 4 ce-,Zr: .-" .:
'---e_ 44 --4...4
X j.i.erqr -'
*- g '

['PRICE SIXPENCE-TTATYPEvvy.

Jt,717-11,14.1X6-oFk le' A,

Dee. 18, 1812.
THE CO3IM/S67OIITRAS for VICTU4LLING
_ll,-I!IESTY'S d.; hereby give ..Vot;&,
That, on Pnesday, the 201 h instant, they triq bereer:dy to rc_
(Tire Terriers, ire wriEng. (Baled atp) and treat for TnsePte
Handred Quarters of Aces, Pale, and Threc Hezadttel

ttnt, of New close-dried AMBER MALT, 14 3e ansiverchle to
Santples•Nr 3iot , less than one Q!..art each, to be prtlpee4l
Tenders;; to be delivered,in the space of I7Lree fi—cehs,
bet° his Majestfi's rietnallink ,Storrs- at Deptfor,!, and to.
he paid for by Bills, pay7bk with Interest, ninctsc days after
t;ate.

Phe Conditions of the gontrect may be see'lt t'Le•

21rore.gard will had to tity Tepder iu TiYhieh the Pr;;,T
1;0t. be inserted izz ivord.r at re..?,i-th, or that shall
21(.;! Le- delivered to the Board beiore One o'(..Vc,h, Cii the
said -71res,day, the :.9th instant, nor un!.?ss, the Person wh•
Nuhes the Trader,. or some Person on his Behalf, ut'inds •
to answer whex called fOr.
