UPPER CANADA.

The following appears in the New York Mercantile Adver-
tiser of the 30th of December :

( From the Rochester Daily Advertiser, Dec. 25.)
It is said by those who arrived from Buffalo last night that
General Van Rousaellar, with his band of patriots, intend to
cross over into Canada in the course of a day or two and make
an immediate attack upon the British forces. Report says be
has near about 800 men, and that recruits are flocking in from
all quarters. Some thirty or forty left this city last Saturday
night with the intention of proceeding directly to Navy Island
and joining his company.
SPIES.—Two loyalists came from the Canada side to Buf-
falo a few days since, and passed ever to Navy Island, pre-
tending to be patriots, But it was soon discovered that they
were rank loyalists, when they were kindly furnished with
employment, and have been obliged to remain there and
do their regular duty ever since. We are very much inclined
to the belief that the Governor Head will not soon be much
wiser for all the information these two gentlemen will obtain.
The Governor, it is said, has retired from Chippewa to Ha-
milton,

We saw a handbill last night, containing a letter to a
gentleman in this city, dated Navy Island, appealing to the
people of this state for assistance in prosecuting the war against
the Ca^.adian loyalists. It states that the patriots under Mr.
Duneombe had taken Fort Malden, and thus established a post
upon the main shore. This, if true, is of great irnt,Ks7tance. to
the Patriots. They will now be able to crT.;; over from Navy
Island and find a force to co-opera ti: with them immediately.
The letter states that with 1,000 men they will be able to eon=
quer the loyalists with but very little difficulty.
Mr. Bidwell arrived in this city on Saturday night, br.
Rolfe. still remains here.
We understand there has ban a meeting held in this city
by a number of our citizens, and that they resolved to call a
aoutity meeting for the purpose of taking steps relative to the
affairs in Canada.
During the nights of last Thiirscky anti Friday, three pieces
~• , • .
of ordnance were taken frern piaces in this city and vici-
nity, and probably Caf-riZtn to Navy Island. Two of them be=
longed to tltt State, and the other, we believes belonged to
the United States. We wish our vititens would act with a
little more discretion. These are the most high-banded mea-
sures that can be taken, and in ordinary times would suhjel",t
the perpetrators to the severest punisbnoitit.
,t Our Philadelphia tbrrespondent," says the Morning
Chronicle, its a Third Edition, under date of the 31st
states that in the United States a disposition to lkerfeft in
favour of the Canadians was, gaining ground. A meeting. was
cal'ed on the 28th at Vauxnalt Gardens, New York, at which
Callaghan. late editor of the Afonireal Vindkator, and ethers
rendered desperate by the situation in wliich they have placed
themselves, made furious harangues against England, and
laboured most earnestly to induce the people of the
United States to take up arms for them. The most startling
falsehoods were told of the cruelties practised by the British.
One statement was, that eleven prisoners had been shot one
after the another. Passages from official dispatches, and pa-
ragraphs from Canadian newspapers were paraded to excite
feelings of horror and detestation against the English autho.
rities. Many of the United States journals point out the folly
and injustice of their taking any part in the struggle. Though
Navy Island is described as a strong position, and numbers are
said to be repairing thither to join the rebels, it is confidently
predicted that they cannot hold out long. How they are to
be provisioned does not appear. Whatever facilities may ex
ist for forwarding; the necessaries of life for the multitude thsle
collected from the United States, nothing is speid ko justify a
belief that the means of paying for them have I befit secured, or
that prompt payment will not be called for. :

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JAN. 26.
THE DUCHESS OF KENT'S ANNUITY BILL.

The Lord Chancellor, Earl Shaftesbury, Lord Glenelz,
the Duke of Argyle, and Lord Duncannon, took thei
seats on the Woolsack, at Five Minutes past Five o'clock,
as Royal Commissioners. The Cornmans having then
been summoned, and attended at the Bar, the Royal
Assent was given to the Duchess of Kent's Annuity Bill,
and a Naturalisation Bill.
__ .

There was only one other Peer in the House during this
period—namely Lord Hill.
The House then adjourned during pleasure.
In a few minutes afterwards the LORD CHANCELLOR
took his seat on the Woolsack. . _

Lord GLENELG laid a paper on the table, but nothing
was heard in the Gallery of the nature of it.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said he had thought the
Noble Lord was laying on the table a copy of a dispatch
from Lord Glenelg to Lord Durham, of the 20th of Ja-
nuary instant.—( Laughter.) But as he was mistaken in
that, he (Lord Ellenborough) now moved for that copy.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from the
borough of Kircudbright, prayinc, for Vote by Ballot and
the Extension of the Suffrage. A petition from Gisborough,
in the County of York, praying for Vote by Ballot, the Ex-
tension of the Suffrage, and the shortening of the duration of
Parliament. A petition from the electors of Totness, agreed
to at a public nseeting held on the 28th of last month, pray-
ing for Vote by Ballot. A petition from Beverley, in the
county of York, praying for Vote by Ballot ; and one from
the same place praying for the Extension of the Suffrage
to all householders : these petitions were signed by the
Mayor of the borough, and also by the worthy Vicar of
St. Mary's. A petition from the borough and county of
Peebles, agreed to at a public meeting, for the Vote by Ballot.
A petition from the Magistrates and others of Selkirk,
pray ing for Vote by Ballot, and for some remedy for that
most crying of all evils in that part of the United King-
dom, the manufacture of fictitious votes. A petition from
the United Synod of the Secession Church of Scot-
land, meeting pro re 'rata, agreed to on the 3d
of January instant, signed by the Moderator and Clerk,
which was the common form, praying that their Lordships
would on no account whatever grant any additional en-
dowment to the Church of Scotland. A petition from the
non-elector's of Cupar, praying for Vote by Ballot. A
petition from many hundreds of the inhabitants of the
Gorbals, Glasgow, praying for,Vote by Ballot. There was
no subject which created at this moment in Scotland a
more lively interest than the question of Vote by Ballot.
The Noble and Learned Lord then presented a petition
from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Boston, in the
County of Lincoln, praying for the diffusion of the bles-
sings of Education among all classes of her Majesty's sub-
jects. A petition from Bridport and its neighbourhood,
praying for the immediate Abolition of Negro Appren-
ticeships. A petition from the inhabitants of Glasgow,
agreed to at a public meeting held in St. John-street
Chapel on the 27th of last month to the same effect.
A petition from Paschbridge to the same effect ;
and petitions from Dawlish, Crewkerne, Boroughbridge,
and several other places to the same effect. The Noble
and Learned Lord then said that he was about to call the
attention of the Noble Secretary for the Colonies to the
subject of slavery, but he observed that he had left
his place, and was not now in the House.—(Hear.)
He would consequently give notice, that on Monday next
he should move for the production of certain papers relat-
ing to Negro Slavery, amongst which would be an Order
in Council of July last, enabling the inhabitants of British
Guiana to take Chinese apprentices for five years.
Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, J. 26.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at ten minutes before Four
o'Clock.
Mr. Campbell, from the East India House, presented
Returns of the Compensation given to the Officers of the
East India Company.
Sir E. WILMOT brought in the Brackley Market Bill.
Mr. MACKINNON presented a petition from several
influential manufacturers of printed cotton in support of the
Bill which he had introduced for the protection of patents.
Mr. S. ELLIOT presented a petition from Hyde, in
favour of the vote by Ballot ; also a petition from the same
town, praying that the House would introduce a clause
into the Reform Bill, declaring that the votes of non-resi-
dent electors should be declared illegal.
