.With Notes by EDWARD BLAQUIERE, Esq.

COMMENTARIES on the LIFE and REIGN of
CHARLES I. King of England. The Third and Fourth
Volume. By I. DISRAELI, Author
.of the " Curiosi.
ties of Literature," &c. &c.
The Rev. G. CROLY'S POETICAL WORKS. In
2 vols. post Bro. with illustrations, 21e.

"We most cordially recommend these volumes to that
universal attention which they will repay tenfold by the
pleasure they-are to well calculated to yiehl."—Literary
Gazette.

Dr. DODDRIDGE'S PRIVATE CORRESPOND-
ENCE, the Third Volume, in Bvo., including many Par-
ticulars is his Life hitherto unknown, with Notices of
many of his Contemporaries, and a Sketch of the Eccle-
siastical History of the Times in which he lived.
"We know not when, if ever, we have perused
volumes of the description of these now before us with more
intense curiosity, amusement, and instruction."—Literary
Gazette.
The REMINISCENCES of HENRY ANGELO.
The Second and Concluding Volume, Bvo. Comprising
Anecdotes of the most distinguished Persons of the last
fifty years.

PRIVATE MEMOIRS of the COURT of LOUIS
XVIIL By A LADY. lir 2 vole. Bvo.
" If we except the entertaining Memoirs of the Em-
press Josephine, we know of none more amusing than
these."—Literai y Gazette.

" This work lays open the secret intrigues of the most
intriguing capital in Europe. Almost every person of
note in France since the downfall of Napoleon is here
pourtrayed."—Morning Journal.
STORIES of a BRIDE. By the Authoress of " the
Mummy." In &vols. poet Bvo. 280. 6d,
" A very original as well as amusing work, and one which
we think will be universally liked,"—..:Literary Gazette.
TRAVELS in the' EAST. By JOHN CARNE,
Esq., Author of -" Letters from the East." Printed uni-
formly with and in continuation of that work. One vol.
10s. 6d.

Colburn and Bentley, New Burlington-street.

CARLISLE ELECTION.

PUBLIC DINNER TO SIR J. R. G. GRAHAM, BART.
AT CARLISLE AUG. 5.
About half-past one Sir James Graham arrived
in the carriage from Brayton Hall, and a little before
three o'clock he entered the tent, accompanied by a
party of gentlemen, and preceded by a band of
music. He was received with three loud and
hearty cheers.
WM. Blamire, Esq. of Thackwoodnook, had
previously been elected chairman.
By the Chairman—" The King, and may God bless
him."
This and other loyal toasts were drank with ap-
plause.
The CHAIRMAN—I now propose to you the
health, of our worthy guest—Sir James Graham,
Bart. I rise with feelings of pride and exultation
to endeavour to do justice to the merits and abilities
of so distinguished an individual; though fully
aware of the difficulties under which I labour, on
account of my inability to pourtray the feelings of
the great body now assembled, you do not require
any laboured eulogy, even had I the means. His
conduct does not require it, for his late exertions in
Parliament are fresh in the minds of every indivi-
dual—and.l have to congratulate not only you, but
.the country, at large, on the strenuous exertions
which Sir James Graham has made in the cause
of his country. I have to congratulate him also
upon the sight before him---a body of individuals
of all political creeds—men of all parties, and not
only men of all parties, but men of no party—
, men, who in all the various occupations of
life, and on every other occasion, are warmly op-
posed to each other—now meeting together—join-
ing their hands in fellowship, to pay that. respect,
that marked acknowledgment to his conduct and
character as an active magistrate for the county, and
a useful and efficient Member of Parliament.—
(Cheers.) I will not detain you longer, though
there are many things which I could dwell upon
with pleasure—but I will briefly'remind you that
you are now called upon to do justice to Sir James
Graham—and I call upon you to show your honest
zeal, on the occasion, by the hearty cheer which
you give. And I especially call upon every man
who bears the appellation of a " Dawston Black-
Reed," to let the company hear how he can crow.
The toast was drank with three times three, and
much enthusiastic applause followed.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM then rose, and as soon as
silence could be obtained, said, Gentlemen, the
Chairman has told you that what the heart feels the
tongue cannot fail to express. I feel at the present
moment how untrue is that sentiment; for I can
assure you I want words to express to you what
my heart feels in gratitude for the manner in which
my health has been drunk, and for the flattering re-
ception I have met with from you to-day. I am
unable adequately, or at all, to express the feelings
by which I feel myself at present overpowered, by,
your kindness and by the warmth of your expres-
along of attachment and regard. My friend, how-
ever, has truly stated that no premeditated address
can convey the feelings of the heart; and therefore,
without premeditation, I shall throw myself upon
your indulgence, and endeavour to pourtray 'to you
fearlessly and honestly the feelings which play around
my heart.—(Applause.)—After the explanation of
my friend, it is of little consequence that I
should enter farther as to the origin of this
meeting. Your worthy Chairman has read to you
all that has passed between us Upon the sub-
jeer. I received from him a written invitation to
gre I
answer er
notice which
one he
attend
.this dinner, and I returned to him the written
misrepresentationh s reu dto yon.
that has one
And
here
abroad.— It has been said that I accepted the invi-
tation under one stipulation, that I would not attend
unless an invitation were given to ails,„parties. I
made no such stipulation—(Applause)---and ill it
would have become me to have made any such
reservation. But I set out with telling you that I
would tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth. To what my friend has said about
party, I, in part agree; but I must go further, and
confess that I am a party man—(Applause)—a
party man because I conceive that by party we are
enabled to achieve more than any man can do singly,
and, because, by it we are better qualified to ascer-
tain and strengthen public opinion. It is perhaps,
the infirmity of human nature that we should be re-
quired to act thus; but it is necessary, and with
this view I commenced my career in public life.
Disregarding the connections of family, the opinions
of private friends, and more than all the prejudices
and sentiments of my revered father, I adopted
the local political feelings of my grandfather, who
fought the good light of independence in 1768,1
under the old Blue flag of freedom.—(Applause.)--
I adopted his sentiments—the sentimere of that
local party which had always struggled for inde-
pendence : I became a Blue ; Blue I am, Blue I
have always been, and Blue I trust I shall always
continue to be—(much applause)---I am not
ashamed to own it, and God forbid the Blues should
ever have cause to be ashamed of me.—(Cheers,)
I admit that new circumstances give new turns to
men's ideas, and to their motives of action; and
however much I may court and value the support
of the men of my own party, it would be little less
than an act of insanity to reject the support of those,
who, though they will not go all lengths with us,
are willing to tender their assistance so far on public
and general grounds. But it would be pusillanimous
—it would be dereliction from the path of truth,
were I to conceal what are my opinions as a party
man. Then we are to bear In mind, that it is as
difficult to say where the last shade of yellow ends
and the bright blue begins, as it is to say where
darkness ends and the first faint streak of light begins;
yet no man will hesitate to distinguish between
light and darkness ; nor ought any man to be afraid
to avow whether he belongs to the one party or the
other,—for there can be no difficulty in ascertaining
the distinction.—(Applause.)—ln this • country
there must always be two great principles to divide
public men—two great parties, to one of which a
public man must attach himself—l mean the Court
party and the Country party. The Court party are
doubtleasENglishmen,and actuated byEnglish feelinr;
but the object of all their endeavours is the advance-
ment of kingly power—the height of their ambition
the favour of kingly smiles. The country party have
different end in view. It is their object to uphold
popular rights, to defend popular feelings, and to
forward the happiness of the people; and the
proudest reward to which their ambition aspires is
popular approbation.—(Cheers.)—These are the
feelings which actuate our public men, and while
England remains England, Englishmen must always
continue divided on these great principles. My part
is taken in this struggle for principle. range
myself with the country party—that party which
locally speaking adopts the bright and unfading
Blue for its symbol. I adopted it in early life ;
have remained with it ever since ; and, if I know
myself, I never will forsake it.—(Great cheering.)
In saying thus much, I trust I have said nothing
to give any man offence ; to have said less would
have been weak and pusillanimous. And when I
see so many of my constituents around me, men of
the most enlightened, the most liberal, and the most
independent feelings, coming forward to support me
so cordially, I think the charge that I have been
trimming my sails" to catch popularity from
another quarter, recoils back upon the heads of
those who have made it.--(Applause.),—l have

been misrepresented on another point—l have been
held uplaisinhnical to the liberty of the press.—
Now if there be one man in the country more at-
tached to the liberty of the press than another-1
am that man—(Cheers)—l entered Parliament in
the year 1819; and one of the first things I did was
to enter my protest against the infamous six Acts.
I voted against them and I spoke against them, with
all the little ability I possessed. And notwithstand-
ing the enmity of the Whig Attorney-General--7the
recreant Whig Attorney-General with whom 1, with
many other friends of liberty then acted, and with
whom I then fought side by side—notwithstand-
ing, I say, his present deadly enmity to the press, I
still consider every one of those acts which restrains
the liberty of the press as uncalled for and unneces-
sary.—(Cheers,)—And one of the lust acts I per-
formed in the House of Commons, was to assist my
Lord Morpeth, in resisting the new tyrannical and
still more uncalled for restraint which Sir James
Scarlet has had the daring effrontery to impose
upon the press.—(Applause.)—l will go farther,
and say that I know of no restraint upon the actions
of public men at all to be compared to the free ex-
ercise of the liberty of the press ; for while it pre-
seats the best medium for ascertaining public opi-
nion, and thus becomes invaluable to public men,
it afford* the best check between duty and incli-
nation. It cannot work miracles upon our
hearts, but it is a tie upon. the conduct of public
men which they cannot and they ought not to
disregard.—(Applause.)-I say that liberty Which
it possesses ought not to be relaxed; its 'ends
are good, its designs beneficial. But while I
admit thus much, I must add, that like every
other good which we possess, it has its alloy. Yer
every good and wise than, knowing the benefits it
confers, will refrain as much as possible from com-
plaining of its abuses. It is .the touchstone of the
character of public men ; and we must not examine
its conduct too nicely. I have, however, to com-
plain, that I have not had justice from it. I have
been hardly dealt with in a Journal not emanating
from my opponents, not inimical to the principles I
have ever advocated—but from a Journal maintain-
ing, and I will say honestly maintaining, similar opi-
nions. Unable to put their finger upon any overt
act that could invalidate my claim to the character
• of an honest and independent man, they lave' insi-
nuated a suspicion of motives the most unpraise-
worthy of any by which n public man can be actu-
ated. Motives are known only to a higher and su-
perior intelligence, by whom they must be judged
and rewarded : and it is not for mortals to fathom
the depths of the human heart ; but I think if I
know myself, by no such unworthy motive as has
been insinuated, have I ever been actuated, If
those who have raised those insinuations, could have
laid their finger upon any overt act of mine that
could have been tortured into hostility to the people,
• I should not have complained. But to me that test
has not been applied—it pa's not been said upon this
occasion you acted with imbecility, and upon that
you showed want of judgment, but a general insi-
nuation is thrown out that I have been actuated by
low and paltry motives. Not having, 1 say, in their
power, to lay their finger upon any action that Would
deserve execration, I urn taunted with seeking po-
pularity by the most unworthy means. But do they
even stop here ? NO, they go on to say that if I
pursue my present course, I shall be guilty of gross
inconsistency and tergiversation, and a betrayal of
those principles which I have ever professed : I do
not pretend to quote the precise words; but this is
the upshot of what has been said. And e hen is this
said ? Why now, at dile peculiar moment, when
I am, as it were, upon my trial, and have not the
opportunity of replying to it—for it could not be ex-
pected that I should condescend to enter into a news-
paper controversy upon the subject. But this meet-
ing has fortunately given me the opportunity, and I
readily seize it to contradict the charge.—( Applause.)
Before you condemn me, I hope you will wait to see
whether or not I deserve it. I know it is your duty
to watch narrowly the conduct
fo
orl those
notto whom
you entrust so much power--for
rant how much such power has been abused—
but act the part, at least, of kind masters, and if
I do well give me that encouragement I may deserve.
—(Great applause.)--Gentlemen, the letter frorn
me which your Chairman read fully expresses my
ideas as to the importance of this meeting. I have
there said, and I repeat it here, that when the Minis-
ters of the Crown see that my opinions are backed by
so large and enlighted a hotly of my constituents,
they must be inclined to listen with more deference
to the representations of those who warn them of
their danger.—(Applause.)—The meeting of to-day
is a source of no little pride to me—not so much
from any personal gratification, but as it will enable
me more powerfully to enforce those plans of re-
trenchment in the public expenditure of which I
am the advocate. I see and feel that on the hap-.
piness of the people depends the safety of the State,
the security of property, and the enjoyment of liberty.
I !ive represented this to the Ministers, but my
voice has been unattended to; I have told diem of
their danger, but they have not heeded me; when
they see dint my representations are backed by the
opinions of my constituents ; when they find that
I but echo the sentiments of a body of men whose
opinions are not to he bought, and whose conduct is
not to be swayed by any personal consideration---
they will surely then be inclined to pay some defer
rence to those representations I 'have made.—
(Applause.)—But if they are not to be deterred
from their career by the striking warnings of their
own country, surely they may take heed by what is
passing in another country almost within sight of
our Own shores, where if the mad career of a blood-
stained tyrant, had not been put down by the all-
subduing voice of freedom, we should have witnessed
such scenes as Europe might have shuddered et.—
(Cheers.)—ulf,foitihetyheaitrvotwiotti h st. ea( %s,a;srilethi—avebedothnee rneisy-
duty, and you have done yOurs.---(Applanse.)—By
this meeting you have given me greater power to
enforce my opinions, and those by which I believe
you to be actuated; and on that account, mid that
only, do I exult in it. It will be an addidonal sti-
mulus to me to dedicate with more assiduity, than I
have hitherto done, my time to your • service.—
s momentuili
to thanm eet the‘‘ ,iiphre ti present
ih
(CheCrs.),--Were I to consul: only any own ease, I
could never •retire from public life at a More auspi-
cious4lfrr delilolciti can
nvoefr
expecti
of public feeling and attachment. I might fairly
• shut the book and not open another chapter. But I
am in the vigour of life; and, at the risk ofnot pleasing
you so well as others might, I will make the elLrt
to do my duty, if I am again honoured with your
confidence,—(Cheers.)--sit has been beautifully ob.
served " whet shadows We are, end what shadows
we pursue;" but when I observe the attempts which
att,yretrooaptil'llteel tyranny
country;3
that tle
tyrannytth ittesbtyabbitillsilsehbeHe4tsit•ot
isi:ll(l)ttfe atr:0;gilil)11,0P °sites, spirited
people
have once more seen the daystar of liberty arise
upon the hodson, never again to he dispelled,-1
must say that ell is not a ailltilOW, and that an honest -
public servant could not wish for a nobler field of
political career than the circumstances of the times
now otret.—(Cheers.)—Gentlemen, I feel obliged
for the attention you have paid me, and I would not
!oiler detain you, but that I think it necessary to
sketch out to you what I deem necessary should
hereafter be done in the House of Commons, Afore
than I have hitherto done for the reduction of the
public burdens I cannot promise you...except an in-
creased watchfulness,
.und bueii.additional-entirgy

the assertion of the necessity of an economical ex-
penditure of the public money, as your support will
give me. But here, I think, I may be allowed one
or two remarks on the subject of Reform. I have
been twitted about the use of the term " moderate"
Reform ; and I cannot but think it strange that I
should be so used; for in my address I studiously
avoided the use of the word " moderate," well-
knowing that it had become a bye-word and a scorn
amongst men; that it meant anything or nothing,
just as might suit the views of those who used it.
What I said was, that I wished for a " rational, u
iemperate, and therefore a Constitutional Reform."
And I will here frankly state whet I mean by that.
I find that the -expenses of elections are the great
obstacle to the return of independent gentlemen,
itud to the reduction of that expense my first atten-
tion should be applied. My next object would be so
to multiply the places for receiving the votes, that
the freeholder need not be required to go more than
eight or ten miles to enable him to exercise hi
franchise. I would then extend the right of voting
to customary ansi copyhold tenants; and this, as far
as regards counties, appears to me to comprise nearly
all that is necessary. Then with regard to boroughs,
I think the number of members they send to Parlia-
ment far too great, and would reduce them by -100,
—taking one from those which send two—which I
would distribute over the most, populous counties.
With regard to corporate towns and cities, I would
extend the right of voting to householders paying a
certain amount of taxes ; and not permit any but
residents to vote.—(Applause.)—Thus far I will go
at present, and thus far Reform shall find in me an
uncompromising supporter. It is not necessary for
me to go farther at present ; I shall soon have an
opportunity, before the face of the whole country, of
answering any question upon this or any other ,sub.
jeet that may be put to me.—(Applause.)—The
lion. Baronet concluded by again thanking the
meeting for the compliment they had paid him. It
was by his conduct lie had gained their approbation,
and by his conduct he must maintain it. If he was
true to himself, he knew the people would remain
true to him ; and while this was the case, where was
the man, or where was the party of whom they need
be afraid ? The lion. Baronet sat down amidst
loud and general cheering.
By the CUAIRMAN—" The Members for the city of
Carlisle."—(Three times three.)
Mr. P. H. HOWARD returned thanks.

Sir J. Glum:n-13y permission of the Chairman
I now rise to propose a toast—whether you consider
the Chairman as High Sheriff, or as the private
friend, or gentleman, I am satiAied that you will ac-
knowledge the worth and merit of W. illamire, of
Thackwoodnook.
Drank with three times three and much enthusiasm.
The CILURAIAN returned thanks.

A number of other appropriate and patriotic toasts
were drank in the course of the evening.—Carlisle
Journal.

GENERAL ELECTION.

ESSEX.—EIGHTH, DAY.
CHELMSFORD, Saruanair mon?.
At the close of the poll, the numbers were :-
- Day's Poll. those Poll.
Tyrell.
Western
Wellesley
After the poll was dosed—
Mr. T. B. Luzcs;.anD came forward, and on the
part of Mr. Western begged to return thanks for the
situation in which the freeholders had placed him on
the poll.--(Hisses, and cries of "No coalition.'')
Colonel TYRELL next came forward, and address.
ing himself jokingly to Mr. Wellesley, said, shall I
be heard ?
Mr. WELLESLEY—Oh, by all means. Gentle.
men. you will be so good as to give.the Hon. Can-
didate a partial hearing. Is there any other blue
there who wants to be heard ?--(Cheers and
laughter.)—You shall all be heard, gentlemen (to
the blues), if you desire it.
Colonel rvitEeL, as he had the permission of
his Hon. Opponent, , would say a few words to the
meeting. He trusted they would continue their
exertions. to the last. He would say one word as to
a charge brought against some of his friendte,-that
they had broken their promises of support to Mr.
Wellesley. He had reason to believe that 'those
promises were of a contingent nature. They were
given on the contingency that no true blue candidate
should come forward ; and when he, as .a blue can-
didate, came forward, they considered themselves
released from their promise to. Mr. Wellesley. , This
he was satisfied was the real state of the case.
Mr. WELLINLEY next came forward. The Hon.
Candidate talked of contingencies. Now every one
who beard any of the Chancellors of the Exchequer
for the last twenty years, and some of them were
very dull fellows, would recollect that towards the
close of the Session, they introduced the subject of
contingencies. The Hon. Candidate, as the contest
advanced, began to be greatly alarmed, and to talk
of contingencies ; because he felt the pressure, and
he believed that his alarM about those contingencies
was such, that if another opportunity of a contest
should arise, he would fly away from it just as he
had described the lawyer the other evening. An
Hon. Gentleman on his, (Mr. Wellesley'e) right
stated that he had now no chance in the contest. He
begged greatly to differ from him on that point. He
had a chance, and. a very good one too. He had
already succeeded in one great object. He had
put an end to the power and influence of distinct
parties in the county. Ile had broken the yellows,
us well as the blues, as a body.---(Cheers)—and on.
Monday and Tuesday next he would show them
what might farther be done for the complete'eman-
cipation of the county.—(Cheers.)
The Court was then adjourned to Monday at ten.
CAMBRIDGE COUNTY ELECTION, Anti. 14.
The contest for this county was to-day brought
to a conclusion, and the triumph of the independent
party rendered complete: Lord Charles Somerset
Manners has ceased to be one of its representatives.
The mejority against him (329), great its it is,
would have been increased had the contest been con.
tinned. Still, however, the number to which it
might have attained would not have afforded s fair
index of the feelings of the county, for unhappily at
the outset there was a difference amounting to jea-
lousy between the two independent candidates,
which led to plumpers being solicited and flume.
rously given for -either party. But for thia keling
the majority would have been overwhelming. •
On Friday night, at the close of the poll, the
numbers
were-.-
Osborne... 2,953
Moms " 1,090
Manners 1919 t • 1,10
• Mr.'ADEAtilt, in nddressing the freeholders, ad-
verted ••to the promise of Lord Manners, that he
would not continue the contest longer them a hope
remained, and uppealetl to his Lordship whether
that time heed not stiived.
• Lord IVIANNIMS made no reply, and the poll Was
adjourned till Mae' o'clock on the following morning.
13efole that hour bed arrived, Lord Manners sent
in his eo,ignation; the poll, however, was kept open
till twelve o'clock, when no More freehelders
peori„kr. the High Sheriff declared the poll closed,
slid the ',timbers to be—
Osborne.. . 2,389
Ad. , ... . .. ...••• • •••• .•••• ...... 2,036
Manners .
1,7
The Ilion SliEltiFF then, in the usual form, pro.

(Abridged front the Liverpool Oronidc)'
This day (Saturday), pursuant to public notice,
a meeting of the inhabitants of this town took .place
in the Music-hall, Bold-street, for the purpose of
1" taking into consideration the best mode of express-
, ing their admiration of the independent and heroic
spirit of the people of Paris, as reeently displayed in
their resistance to the infriNgement of theirconsti-
tutional rights, and to manifest their sympathy with
the survivors for the loss of those distinguished pa-
triots who fell in the glorious struggle."
Mr. W. W. CURRIE,. having beeli pulled to the
chair, opened the subject on which the meeting had
been convened, and dwelt on the utility of an curly
expression of English feeling on What had occurred
in France.
The" Rev. Mr. SHEPHERD -4101taddreSSed the
meeting, and gave a rapid but sprite. sketch of the
late occurrences in Parts. He advert/4in the en-
couragement which the conduct at«. Charles X. is
supposed to have received in this :cowry— " If
you will look," observed the Rev.,speaker," in the
last number of the Quarterly Review,---qt publication
which is the reputed organ of a large and influential
party iu this country,—you will find in it an article
on the state of France, in which ere recommended
those very measures the adoption of which has
burled King Charles X. from his throne lam can.
fident that the generality of the party who patronize
the publication in question regarded with uneasi-
ness and disgust this article, the author of which
may HOW hide his diminished bead with shame and
contusion. But, unfortunately, this publication
lies on the table of Galignani's reading-room and of
the principal reading-rooms in Park; and this end
other incidents have led the French people. to be-
lieve that the English nation is hostile to French
liberty. I ,do .confidently trust .that this meeting,
and other meetings • which will no,doubt speedily
be held, will disabuse the French people on this
point, arid will convince them ,that whatsoever may
be the feelings of small sections of our community,
our middle classes, which constitute the nerve and
the sinews of the state, do sincerely rejoice in their
gallant vindication of their claim to national liberty
and a km constitution." The Rev. Gentlematt
then drew a contrast between the edmini-trations
of Mr. Canning and the Duke of Wellington, the
latter of whom he charged with behaving towards
despots with too great forbearance, but sequined
his Grace of having given his sanction to the late
proceedings in France, and applauded the principles
upon which his Grace's administration bud been
conducted. Ho concluded by moving a resolution,
to the effeet that the meeting, actuated by one feel-
, ing in common. with the country at large, was
anxious to record its admiration of the energy met
fortitude with which the people of France have de-
feated the late atrocious attempt to subvert their
liberties.

Other resolutions were then moved by Mr.
FRANCIS JORDAN and Mr. JOHN .F.IVAR'II, thu latter
of which went to acknowledge the advantage to ge-
neral liberty and the best interests of mankind, aris-
ing from the late struggle.

~.

'Mr. RUSIITON, in,7B-econding the last, resolution,
said he could not for one moment envy the feel-
ings of that, Mail who could look with indifference
on the struggle* of s people situated us the French
had been,' after having passed through the vicissi-
tudes which they had expo iericed,after.seeking rt
trifling security against the recurrence of all the evils,
misery, bloodshed, and sacrifices, which far forty
years they had endured.--(Applause.)---xis could
not calmly behold such a people submitting to such
tyranny, and he, rejoiced that the same moment
which beheld the issue, of the ordinances which
would have reduced the people to slavery, beheld
the_cityof.Paris converted into a camp, the streets
into fortreises, the •,citizens into:soldiers, and the
soldiers into citizens,—(Applause.),--Such an ex-
ample could notbut give new life, energy, and de4
termination to that spirit of liberty which, sooner or
later, must extend to countries nearer to,Fronee, from
which it had been too long withlteld.Applause.)
Mr. RI3SIITON stated in the course „of his speech
than the son of a gentleman then in the room (Dr.
Brigg) bad been an adtive operator in tho scenes
which had taken place in Paris, lie concluded by
giving his cordial assent to the sentiments conveyed
in the resolution. • •

Mr. W. S. Roscoe moved the fourth rtniolutioa,
recommending ailubscription in Liverpool for the
families. of the sufferers, .which, and the preceding
resolutions, were adopted unanimously.
Treasurers were appointed to receive the sub-
scriptions.
Mr.'E. SMITII begged to say a few words,; About
40 years ago, the people of this town did all in their
power to prevent the spread of liberty in F11111(10.
The sons of that generation, he, teas happy to see,
now assembled to congratulate. France. was a
matter of notoriety to those persons who bad visited
France' that the French nation imagined that the
English wished to keep them in shivery, and that
the Duke of Wellington had assisted, as much us
lay in his power, the despotic attempt lately made
by the French Government. Ile hoped a meeting
like this would scout such en idea,
On the motion of Mr. Snei'*munu, thanks were
voted to those gentlemen who, after the refusal of
the Mayor to call a meeting, had so nobly persevered
in convening their townsmen with so gratifying a
result.

Thanks were then voted to the Chairman,
After the chair was vacated it was aguin resumed,
a French gentleman, M. I)u Roy, having presented
himself. Ha expressed, in,his own name and that
of his countrymen, his heartfelt gratitude for the
honour done them this day, lie considered suck
meetings absolutely necessary ; for, without such
expressions of public feeling, all the Powers in
Europe would do their utmost to crush the reani-
mated liberties of France.---(Applause.),
Three cheers were then penpotowl thn Chair•
man for La Fayette, which were so heartily given
that the 'tall long shook with the sound.

INJECTION OP WARM WATER INTO THE
VittBs, iN HYDROIIIOIIIAr.-..C. led 31, of strong
constitution, was some time sop bitten by a dog in the
right foot no attention was paid to the wound, which
speedily healed. The dog having disappeared immediately
after the accident, it mid not be mice, tairteil whether it
was affected with rebid or not. On the 1511 k at July,
*bout six weeks After the infliction of the hite, D. felt
'lightly indisposed, and complained._ of sti-gintm 10008 the
hook i on the latit and pith he seemed to taboos under
great Mental depression, And on the 181 h became restless,
sml so agitated, that it was feared . its. wool(' de-
lirious; he was bled, had leeches to the neck, tool was or-
Alined mucilaginous potions, which he took with ennui le-
luctance, Having been brought to the lintel Ilion, tin
the lath, at nine o'clock in the morning, be Was 81:041
afterwards seised with convulsions, and all the s.iiiptunts
of hydrophobia he violently pushed back all fluids mid
bright bodies, anti *truck at the persona around bum, 60
that it was neressury to milieu hitt with the atraight-
, waistcoat. He talked much about his having been bitten
by a dog, and earnestly entreated those who vents near hint
to kill biol. At half-past ten he began to spit arotiodltho,
The secretion of saliva was very abundant, 10141 eontintied
to be so till the last moment' of his life. It w,,s white,
viseona, and spumous. Ile used intuit effort to throw is
off, end it frequently ran over ltiu chin. lie was also fro-
°Multi)! seised with sh`hrteu and Within, loot withent
101. 1/1417, CAM 413 .1 I
A 11,11, an ALIN (NC4( VI t injection of warm water into the vring, tez_tiathyli
was performed at eleven o'cloCk by 11. .5..,,t408. Aboot t&
pint of Monti Wits previously taken, nod between sestet
and eight ounces of witun water wee lolectiol. No :0.--
cidtht took plate (luting, the open.tiou, taint Re p.,t;,.0t
appeared to be somewhat mote calm intot4li4tull° .11.0
This improvement was, IhAvevver, ttzthuttosy, ; the voiivui.
lions speedily v. -turned, and died at t 1.144, 0 ''l"'L.
without much struggic.7-4.ievicelt

LORD MORPETI! AND MR.DROUGIIAM'S

ELECTION DINNER.

The friends of Lord Morpeth and Mr. Brougham
dined together on Friday evening, at the close of
the election, in the New Concert Room, where a
most sumptuous dinner had been provided, at a very
short notice, by Mr. Etridge. About eighty gen-
tlemen sat down to dinner, and the number would
have been much larger had not the uncertainty
which existed shout the close of the election pre.
vented due notice from being given of the dinner.
Sir J. V. B. Johnstone was in the Chair, assisted
by George Strickland, Esq. Lord Morpeth sat on
the right of the Chairman, and Mr. Brougham on
t e left.

After dinner a large party of ladies, amongst
whom we observed the lady of the High Sheriff
and the lady of Mr. Charles Wood, the- Member
for Grimsby, graced the meeting with their pre-
sence in the gallery, to witness the triumph of
those Members in whose election they had taken
so lively an interest.
The cloth having been removed, the CHAIRMAN
gave--

" The Xing and the Royal Family,"
which was received with every demonstration of
loyal feeling.
Sir J. V. Ti. JOHNSTONE—I rise to give you a
toast, which 1 am sure we shall all drink with the
greatest cordiality —the health of our two successful
candidates, that of my Noble Friend on my right,
and my Learned Friend on my left—and in pro-
posing this toast I shall use few words, and for this
good reason, because you have bad ample proof that
these gentlemen have words enough for themselves.
These two gentle Men, who now stand in the situ-
ation of our representatives, are not only fully able
to receive and attend to our instructions, willing to
pay a ready attention to our wishes, but have elo.
(pence by which they can make those wishes known
to Parliament, and impress them on its attention
with the greatest effect. I will only say that we
are met to celebrate the greatest victory which bill
ever been achieved in the cause of independence.
Gentlemen, I propose that we drink " the health of
Lord Morpeth and Mr. Brougham, with three times
three."

The toast was received with thunders of applause.
Lord Monism, in returning thanks, said, " Mr.
Chairman and Gentlemen, 1 feel assured that you
all know, much better than any surds I can use
will express, the value I attach to the kind feel.
ings you have expressed towards me.—But, Gen-
tlemen, let me make you fully aware that I do not
misconceive the grounds on which you have been
pleased to propose me—perhaps I ought to say, to
endure me as your Representative.—(Cheers.)—lt
is not from any merits of my own, but it is because
you believe that I shall tread in the steps and copy
the example of your long-tried and much-honoured
Representative, Lord Milton.—(Cheers.)—lt is be-
cause I am the firm and steady friend of those prin-
ciples of which my Learned Friend on the left (Mr.
Brougham) is the splendid and powerful advocate.
It is, Gentlemen, because I have taken my political
stand under the Orange banner—(Loud applause)—
and I hope my fixed allegiance to these principles,
and my uniform support •of them,' will give me a
place in your regard, however inferior the ability
with which I may advocate them will be to that
man's whose powerful advocacy of them will diffuse
them not only through England, but over the
world, and in the election of whom, as its Repre-
sentative, Yorkshire may well be proud. This
victory, for victory it may be called, as it has esta-
blished the independence of the county, has been
gained without those scenes of riot awl intemperance
which , have occurred on former similar occasions.
Gentlemen, I heartily thank you.for the honour you
have done me, and, in return beg leave to drink
your health.—(Loud and continued applause.)
Mr. 1111011011A114—Though I have been in Comte
often, and in Senates, and in malls, and in assemblies
Of all kinde I never was in one not only where I
was so much pleased, but where I felt it so difficult
to account 'for my being there, as I do on the present
occasion; and the more I consider of it the more 1
am puzzled and perplexed. Gentlemen, there are
three principal grounds on which persons who aspire
to the representation of a county usually rely—high
birth, extensive landed possessions, and great local
and personal influence. ow of all these, the usual
CUM of success, I am totally destitute. I have
no property in this county—and not much anywhere
—I have no sort of aristocratic pretensions, though
my forefathers ranked in the class of esqilires, and 1
myself am of that clam; I sin totally without
patronage, and I have no local influence in the county
whatever; nay, 1 am not even a Yorkshirenien, and
what is more, I am not very likely to become one ;
and yet in spite of all theist qualifications, I have
been supported by all classes of thofreeholers, and
by those when are no freeholders at all, with a seal,
unanimity, and ardour of feeling wholly unprece-
dented. What has been the cause of this &mu-
stretiori, I may call it, of the public feeling in my
favour? This is what I want to ascertain, and find
out the cause, for a cause it must be, of this ex-
traordinary phenomenon. But, perhaps, self-love
may here come in, and attempt to fill my head with
all sorts of extravagant notions of my own qualities
and merits, and to suggest that this was the cause
of my success ; hut I soon disposed of these hypo-
theses as untenable ; for ray reception in the county
has been such as to be wholly unexplained by the
most extravagant notions I could possibly form
of my own merits ; for were it, linked, that
my own personal qualities had raised—i had
almost said such a tumult of feeling in my Nipper!.
—it would be necessary to revive in my favour the
ancisot law of Ostracism, and I ought to be ba-
nished as a man whose presence was dangerous to
the state.—(Latigliter.)—lf the causes of my sucs
cess cannot be found other in any external circum-
stances, or in my own qualifications, we must look
orlsewhere for them. I them discovered at once the
causes of this phenomenon. Why do I dwell see
much on this topic? Because it teaches a great and
grand lesson—it holds out a mighty warning—it
exhibits a splendid example. The cause, gentle.
men, is to be found in my principles in those prin-
ciples and opinions to which my life is devoted;
and It is because my principles and opinions are
yours; because they are the principles and opinions
of all Yorkshires en,—heeause they are the opinions
of all the people, (I do not mean time mob), but of
all the rational, the thinking people of England,—
the principles of liberty and frerilrim.—(Great
cheering.)—Nor can any other (wive be assigned or
even iffluitioed. There (a no truth its science, (I do
not spoilt of mathematics, in which teary thing is
demonstrated), but in those sciences which are
founded in fact, if the inference I have drawn is uot
a just one. It is the only account that can be given,
the only possible eolution of the problem; this
the only possible causer; and I any that these very
principles and opinions have been approved by the
people of this county in a manner altogether un-
exampled—for they have beers put upon their trial
in a manner altogether unprecedented in the whole
of this vast county, which ought to be considered
- not as a province, but sea a grand section of the
-whole country. It embraces ail descriptions of the
People, and include' in it every variety of human in-
dustry and human skill; it is not only the largest di-
vision of the country, but may be fairly takers. as a
sample of this whole ; for no Neon can be assigned
why the people a little north or is little south should
sotetoettein the-souse opinions, and be imbued with
i
the same priociphte am, therefore, justified its
rit.r_tig that these 'priviciple's, amid thesej opinions,
Ave I ten Ina ti ion their trio! before time a hole
P"PI. of Nthind end Heat'
la, verdict had been re-
turned in their I:tyoute. ,r
barren theories; they sererttse+t ifts 44.11/41P/es "de 1;17
*very thing which twittering: the laint"i tcrolitnhe:tiettiewre'sti:
and the happiness of the people, sarLY
the end and the design of 0-04,10714ntti1j.b.1
the tleentioll of the people of it,iltend now-r--.7*
in their favour.—(ileac, liear.),---Thut voiceiriTd
which Pathetnent must hear; emu# I recommend his
Alejesty's Government to go on proposing measures
tor the benefit of the people, or else retire and eat

their-bowleg in order. • Gentlemen, the people of
England have pronounced for liberty, and have de-
nounced their hatred of tyranny, slavery, and oppres-
sion—slavery in all countries and all climates ; and
whether this' liberty be imposed by his Most Christian
Majesty, his Most Catholic: Majesty, his Most Faith-
ful and hit Most Apostolic Majesty, or by his Sub-
lime Majesty, they must all bend the neck and be
trampled in the dust by freemen. While we are
celebrating here the triumph of these principles, the
voice of our acclamations is drowned in the shouts of
victory raised by the freemen of France, who are
celebrating a victory more glorious than our own ;
but it grieves me that even a passing cloud should
shoot athwart this blaze of glory, and that
while all men' are rejoicing in the victory gained
over the foulest tyranny, it grieves me to add that
there is reason to fear that the Government of Eng- '
land does not sympathise in this joy of the people.
It wished well to the administration- of Polignac
almost in the very last stage of its madness.—(Cries
of no, no.)---Perhaps,--I hope not in the very last
stages ; but I know this, that the Ministry of Eng-
land wished right well to this administration about
a year ago. But I shall in a moment bring them to
the test. If there were a man who had committed
the most atrocious murder, who had been for a time
the terror of his village, but the inhabitants of which
had at length overcome him, and he had fled from
' the vengeance of its laws to this country—l don't
ask you would you give him up, but would you re•
ceive him with open arms—not only open your ports
for him, but send down orders to break the law in
his favour, to direct that the baggage which con-
-tinned the plunder he had taken from the men he
had murdered, the spoil he had got from the man
whose throat he had cut, should be given to him
unsearched, untaxed? If you disapproved of his
tyranny, I should rather think not. 'Would you
then receive the man who ordered his cannon to be
fired down a street filled with innocent men, women,
and children---a street as much crowded as you have
just seen Coney-street in this city, when our pro-
cession was passing through it—and who, when he
has killed thousands upon thousands, runs away—a
cowardly miscreant, who has at once the cruelty of
a tiger and the courage of a hare, is this the man
whose baggage you would suffer to pass unsearched,
--in whose favour you would break the laws of your
country ? If the Government of England should do
this, they will deserve impeachment ut the hands
of the people.—(Cheers.)—The family of the Bour-
bons has long been odious: the only good man in it
is the Duke of Orleans, who, when he was in exile,
disdained to live like the rest of the family, as a pauper
on the alms of a foreign nation, but earned Ins sub-
sistence by his own industry ; and he is now proud
of having been once a schoolmaster. I know him
well; he is a sensible and a good man, but a man
more unlike a Prince I never saw. I have now

lived to see him King. I trust the French people
will chew the satne magnanimity after their victory
as they have showed gallantry in achieving it, and
that they will wait patiently until the authors of
these calamities are brought to trial for their punish-
ment, and that those who have massacred 3000
people in the Streets of Paris will receive the reward
they so justly merit. This family, which has so
often drenched Europe in blood, has already paid
half of the forfeit of Its crimes, and the remainder
will be soon exacted. It was said by Dante, the
poet of Italy, who has so well described the horrors
of the infernal regions, in speaking of the first of
thin race, that he was the butcher of Paris—his fa-
ther having been butcher in that city; and the same
title of butcher of Paris may with still greater pro-
priety be applied to the lust of his race. In my last
visit to the West-Riding, where this astonishing in-
telligence first reached me, I omitted no opportu-
nity of introducing this topic, and the first morning
I addressed the people at Leeds, 1 introduced it;
nor did I ever Address any meeting without receiv-
ing those demonstrations of feeling, which convinced
me that there was .but one opinion entertained re-
specting it—that of sympathy with the people of
France, and indignation against the tyrant that op-
pressed them, Gentlemen, I thank you, and the free-
holders of all classes, for the glorious and triumphant
situation in which you have placed me. The result
was never for one moment doubtful, though there
were some that at first were disposed to have op-
posed me; but had this oppositions been persisted in
—had it been joined by all the Tories together—by
all the Radicals, and by all the Aristocracy, and by
all the Ministers, who are the weakest of all, for
nobody knows the names of more than two of them;
had these all combined against me, they would have
been swept away as dust before the wind. Gentle-
men, I do not wonder that the Aristocracy of the
country should have those feelings; it was most
enteral that they should : it was at once a situation
as painful its it was new to them, and had I been in
their place, I should have felt exactly as they did.
For, I confess to you, that I should not like a York-
shireman, Sir John Beckett for instance, to come in
for the county of Westmoreland.—(Laughter.) I
Admire the candour of my excellent friend (Mr.
Charles Wood), the Member for Grimsby, who
avowed his preference of a gentleman of the county.
I had also u letter from Lord Milton, in which,
while he expressed his warm approval of my nomi-
nation, he said he hoped that my case would be the
exception, and not that it should be the rule ; and
so far I agree in the sentiments of my excellent
friend and of his Lordship, that I should not like to
see the day when " Mr. Cobbett and Mr. Hunt
should ride over the county."—(Laughter.) Gen-
denten, I caLnot quit this topic better than by re-
peating the same sentiment, in the much more ex-
pressive language of that great master in trade, Sir
Josiait Child, who says, " Land and trade must not
be severed, but knit most close together; it shall
never be well with land if it be ill with trade, nor
shall it be well with trade if it be ill with the land."
Gentlemen, when I raise my eyes a little above the
horizon of the place where I urn standing, I see a
spectacle which makes it my duty to give, or rather
which makes it impossible for me riot to give, as a
toast—" The Ladies of Yorkshire."—(Applause.)
Sit V. .11..1011NSTONE proposed the health of
the Hon. Edward Petre, High Sheriff.
The lion. E. Pelltit—" Gentlemen, I never
rose under Wine of greater embarrassment thee
on the present occasion, to return thanks for the he-
nour you have .thus undeservedly conferred upon
me; and there are no words of which I am master

that can citable inc to express the senti►vents I feel
on the flattering manner in which Sir John John-
slone has spoken of me. The regret I cannot but
feel at my own disappointment in the city, is more
than compensated by the signal trinmph which the
county has obtained, and which the proceedings of
this day have consummated, in the election of my
Noble end Learned Friends, whose past services
are the best pledges of their future exertions in pro•
toting the great cause of Civil and Religious Li-
berty, and of diffusing ►t art far as is practicable
through the whole world," He concluded with
thanking them for the honour they had done hint
is drinking his health.
CHARLES Wool),Esq. M.P. in proposing a toast,
the Canso of Civil and Religious Liberty all over
the -World, said—The mere mention of this toast is
ntlicient to ensure its rapturous reception, without
my prefixing to it any comment whatever, or follow-
ing it -with any recommendation of mine ; and I
would tether fix your attention on the event we are
now celebrating. Gentlemen, I propose as a ttrrtst-•-

" The eanae of Civil and Iteligioror Liherty all the world
over, with the health of the Ha. It. W. Hamilton and
the 11ev. Thomas Scales."---(Great cheering.)
The Rev. GENTLorAN returned thanks in a nest
speech ; after which other popular toasts Were drunk,
and other Gentlemen of liberal principles delivered
their sentiments, and the company separated.

Among the subscriptions from various farts of
France for the relict of the Parisians, whose relatives were
in defence of their tuitional rights, we see finder the
ttata fif Itenttes, Aug 8, the officers of the 3241 line, in
garrison, 5000, the officcri of the Bth regiment of Anil-
ilarY)

LITERATURE.

MIDSUMMER MEDLEY FOR 1830.—Two VOLS,
Lamm, 11330.

There is nothing in these volumes to call par-
ticularly either for praise or censure. They are
not absolutely dull, neither are they positively
amusing ; if they have no striking beauties, they
are yet free from any striking defects. Their
chief character, however paradoxical it may
sound, is, that they have no character. There
is neither mark nor likelihood about them. Their
prose is of the usual average of prose, their
verse of the usual average of verse. Pathos and
humour are mixed up indiscriminately in their
pages ; but the pathos will not make you weep,
nor the humour make you laugh. The volumes
are just readable, and that is all.
The great fault of Mr. Horace Smith's
writings is, that they have nothing distinctive in
their character, nothing by which their author
may at once be recognized. There is no stamp
of individuality about them, whether of style,
sentiment, or philosophy. Any literary gentle-
man, who chooses to cultivate the historical
novel, may write such a one as Brambletye
House ; or if his bent leads him to humour,
there is little hazard of his being able to equal
the author of some of the humourous papers in
the New Monthly. Had Mr. Smith's works
been collected and published anonymously, their
author's name would at once have been guessed
to be Smith : for it is in strict accordance with
" the fitness of things" that all Smiths should
write such works. No man expects originality,
whether of humour, pathos, wit, or philosophy,
from a Smith. It is a trite universal cognomen,
consecrated from time immemorial to the mecha-
nical and common-place, whether in mind or man-
ners. There are about ten thousand Smiths in
England, and we verily believe every tenth man of
them is in trade. In literature they arc proverbially
retail traders, as for instance, Charlotte Smith,
the authoress of some long novels, and Smith,
of Oxford, the translator of Longinus, and the
manufacturer of a sleep-provoking tragedy on the
story of Hippolitus. Adam Smith himself
barely redeems the name.
Mr. Horace Smith's best work is de-
cidedly the " Rejected Addresses"—and this,
because there is nothing of himself and a great
deal of others in it. lie is an admirable parodist,
an amusing mocking-bird, and holds in literature
the same rank that Yates holds in the drama. We
have no great respect for this sort of talent ; such
as it is, however, we must honestly confess that
Mr. Smith has carried it to a point of perfection
hitherto unknown. In his present Medley a little
of this agreeable quality peeps out, arid forms,
in fact, its sole recommendation. The imita-
tions of some of the more conspicuous. novel
writers of the day are full of truth and pleasant
exaggeration. Unfortunately they constitute but
a small portion of the volumes, which without
them would be more dry, lifeless, and sapless,
than the rafters on the kitchen ceiling of a country
ale-house. We have no space for extracts.

RUDIMENTS OP GRAVITY, MAGNETISM, sco.

LONDON, 1830.

Mr. Murphy, to whose industry we are in-
debted ibr the present volumes, ham fully answered
the object for which it was written—compiled,
we believe, is the more appropriate phrase—
namely, to give an insight into the nature and
properties of Magnetism, Gravity, and Electricity,
particularly as regards their agency on the
heavenly bodies. The volume is replete with
information which, though not of the highest
order, will yet be found serviceable to tyros hi
science. In a word, it is a capital schaol.book,

MEMBERS RETURNED.

ENGLAND
Cambridgeshire, Aug. 14.
Liact F, Osborne,
11. J. Adeitne.

SCOT!
Lanarkshire.-1,
lIIEL,
City (111.4blin Aug. 14.
O. 0. Me ore,
I'. Shaw, Esq.
City of Cork, Aug. 14.
Hon. hir. Hoyle.
D. Callaghan, Esq.
Antrim (Couniy.)
(iern.ral o'l4ll
Lord lielfast

,NI) WALES.
State Of the Poll at the close.'
11,ord oborne... ........... 35,19
Mr. Atleane tONO
Lord Manner's
LAND.
Hon. C. Douglas.
,AND.
;Fidel:ford (County),
Lord G. Iteresford.
Daniel O'Connell, Esq.
Lima, Aug. 14.
A. Dawson, Es q.
J. IPClintock, Esq.
Carlow (Connly,)
Colonel Brnen.
Thomas Kavanagh, F.sq.
Kilkenny (Connly,)
Lord Ossory.
Lord Dutmannon.
//"eshnealls.
Colonel Rochefort.
M. L. Chapman.

Itiing's County.
Lord Oxwantowil.
Colonel Bernard.
Galway, lug. 14.
James o'llllra.

CA *Taint,.
Kir J. Brytiges.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Moniteur of the 12th of August.)

" The official part contains seven ordinances, with
the nominations of the Ministers; another ordinance
appointing the Council of Ministers, consisting, be-
s►des the seven Ministers of State, of Messrs. Jacques
Latitte, Casimir Perrier, Dupin, senior, and Barn
Bignon, all four members of the Chamber of De-
puties.
" The ninth ordinance appoints Marshal Jourdan
to be Governor of the Invalids, instead of the Mar-
quis de Latour Maubonrg, who has resigned. A
tenth ordinance makes a great many new appoint-
ments of sub-prefects.
(Non-official part.)
" PARIS, AUG. 11.

" It is thought that Charles X. will embark to-
morrow ut Cherbourg, and that he will go and fix
his abode at Palermo.

" Some Deputies have affected not to appear to-
day in the Chamber. If they refuse to take the
oath to King Louis Philip and his Government,
they will deprive themselves of their quality, and
renounce their mission, and it may be believed that
the Ministry will take a measure which will oblige
them to perform thin duty, or to resign their seats.
In case of their refusal, care will doubtless be taken
to replace them.
(From the Moniteur of Friday, Aug. 13.)
" The official part contains several Royal ordi-
nances, with new appointments and promotions.—
Among them are—
" I. Which abrogates some preceding ordi-
nances which deprived of their functions several
members of the Councils-General and of the Coun-
cils of the Arrondissements.

" 11. Abrogating some ordinanees which had
deprived of their functions several mayors, and ad-
juncts and members of municipal councils.
" 111. An ordinance as follows:

" Considering that it is necessary to grant an
immediate reparation to the functionaries who have
been removed from their offices for having acted
freely and according to their consciences in the late
elections, we have ordained.
" (Here follows the names of nine persons, most
of them justices of the peace, who were displaced
by the ordinances of the 14th July.)

" PARIS, AUG. 12.

" At eight o'clock in the evening the great de-
putation of the Chamber of Peers came to the
Pala is Royal, to present to his Majesty the address
of the Chamber, (which was agreed to yesterday
by a majority of 81 votes to one.)
" Baron Pasquier, the President, spoke as fol-
lows :

" ' Sire,—Your faithful subjects, the Peers of
France, still penetrated by the great events which
have just passed, appear before your Majesty to
thank you for your attachment to France. A una-
nimous voice proclaims that your accession to the
throne could alone secure the public happiness. It
is only under your reign that we can enjoy in peace
those liberties which have been so heroically de-
fended. To be indispensable to a great people who
acknowledged freely and calmly this necessity, what
title was ever more noble and more true ? had
Providence ever a language more manifest ?
" This contract, which you have entered into
with France, this oath pronounced by name and
by honour, are engagements worthy at the same
time of the Prince who enters into them, and of
the nation that receives them.

"' Our oaths, too, have not been dictated by
an improvident enthusiasm or a blind sentiment.
We swear fidelity to you with the profound convic-
tion that we are performing a sacred duty to our
country.
" Now that this solemn act is accomplished,
France is going to return to the regular course of
legal existence. It was to defend its laws that it
took up arms; it is that it may no more have re-
course to force to maintain them, that it has esta-
blished new guarantees, peace at home and abroad,
public order, the free developement of talent and
industry; such has been the object of its efforts—
such ought to be the reward of its victory.
" The Chamber of Peers will be eager to con-
cur in the labours which are to improve our legisla-
tion and ensure our prosperity. Its efforts, which
have more than once been successful in contributing
to the public good, have too often been confined to
checking or to alleviating evil. At present a noble
career is opened before it. Your Majesty has no
other thought than the happiness of France. This
will be the principle of an unalterable union between
the King and the Chambers.
" The King replied,—
"My Lords,--I am happy to hear you declare
that the fidelity which you have sworn to me is
founded on the profound conviction that you are
performing a sacred duty to your country. It is
this same conviction which has been the rule of my
conduct, and I also felt that I was obeying this sa-
cred duty in tearing myself from the peaceful habits
which were the charm of my life, to devote myself
entirely to what the country required of me. I have
yielded to the national will with the firm resolution
to fulfil all my obligations, to consolidate peace at
home and abroad, and to secure the reign of the laws.
I depend upon your loyal and sincere co-operation
to facilitate the task which is imposed upon me, and
I receive with lively satisfaction the expression of
your sentiments towards me.'
(From the Gazette de France, dated Saturday.)
(From the private correspondence of the Aviso.)

" ALGIERS, Jinx 114.—Oran, Constantine, and
Bona have submitted. Troops will be sent to each
of those places to occupy them. It is said that 5,000
men will be sent to Oran, and as many to Bone.
It is not said how many are to be sent to Constan-
tine. It is also said that eight regiments are to be
sent to Algiers to form the garrison.
" We are still employed in clearing Sidi Ferruch,
but it will be soon completed. The treasure is still
being embarked, and they are packing up 40,000,000
in Spanish piastres, which will be sent away in a
few days. The Corer°. steam-boat carries above
11,000,000 francs. It is said, that the artillery of
the marine will return to France between the 12th
and 13th of August. It is probable that it a divi-
sion returns, it will depart at the same time, but so
orders are yet given to this effect.
"'TOULON, Atm. 7.
" It is said that all the vessels which are used on
the peace establishment are going to be equipped on
the war establishment.

" PARIS, AUG. 13.
"It is said this evening that Charles X. has at
length embarked. He wished to stop at the island
of Jersey, but the Commissioners opposed this. It
is paid that he thinks to retire to Saxony, and to pass
through Ihmburg. This at least was the report
spread in the saloon of the Ambassador of Austria.
" It is armed that on the road he had resumed
his fowling-piece, and amused himself with shooting
sparrows.
" About 100 persons had desired to embark with
him, but as the two ships intended for him could not
contsin them all, it was found necessary to give him
third, with which he must now be on his way..
France Nouvelle.
" General Clausal is not to sat out for Algiers till
Monday.

" Tim Dili genie corvette sailed from Toulon on
the 6th. it goes first to Algiers with despatches for
Count Bourmont and Admiral Duper% and will then
go to Navarin on a similar mission to Admiral do

n A letter from Algiers, brought by the Nestor,
states that the Chief of a tribe had wuited on Count
Hourmont to induce him to appear with some troops
in the interior, in order to reduce the Bedouin Arabs,
whom turbulent chiefs excited against the French,
and who might do us a great deal of mischief if no
attempt was made to subdue them. The General•
in-Chief took a corps of 1,800 men, with some
pieces of cannon, and proceeded to die interior,
guided by this perfidious chief. lie had scarcely
gone eight leagues when a band of 3,000 horse and
foot appeared auddenly and tired on the French.--

Our soldiers, thinking they had to do with that small
number only, pursued them, but they were soon sur-
rounded by other bands, forming a total of more than
11,000 men. M. de Bourmont, not losing his pre-
sence of mind in the midst of this danger, advanced
sword in hand, and charged the enemy himself at
the head of his little troop. Courage and valour
triumphed over superiority of numbers, and all were
dispersed.

We lost 50 men in this affair; 17 were killed,
among whom is a commander of a battalion who
was Aide-de-Camp to Count Bourmont."
FIIIINCH FUNDII.-PARIS, Ammer 13.-Flve per Cents., 101 f.
50c. 60c. 70c. 60c. 65c. 60c 65c. 60c. 65c. 60c. 65c. 60c. 70c. 65c.
70c. 65c. 60c. ; Four per Cents., 98f. ; Three per Cents., 79f. 90c.
70f. 70f. 10c. 15c. sc. 15c. 110 c. ; Itentes de Naples, 81f. ; Rent.,
d'Espaspe, 17 16% ji 17 1614 17 • Royal Spanish Loan, 63 64 ;
Rente Perpetuelles d'Espagne, 53 52 14 %, 52 152%; Ilayl4ll
Loan, 450 f. 415 E-Exchange on London, one month, 25f. 35c.,
Three months, 25f. 15c.-fours Authentique.
