Orders, per post, 2, Duke-street, Southwark, or 208, Piccadilly.

NO. 10, LUDGATF—HILL, OPPOSITE THE BELLE SAUVAGE
TEETH.— I MPORTANT TO THE PUBLIC.
MONS. JAMES M. MALLAN, Surgeon
Dentist, No. 10, Ludgate-hill, opposite the Belle Sauvage,
most respectfully acquaints his Friends and the Public, that in conse.
quence of his IMPROVEMENTS in the MECHANICAL DEPART-
MENT of DENTISTRY, he is enabled to REDUCE his CHARGE to
the following Scale :
A Single Artificial Tooth . xn in 0
ASet ... . .................................................... . ............... 5 5 0
A Set of Natural Teeth, on tine gold plate
A Set of Mons. Mallan's Incoirodible teeth, highly finished
with the gold sockets '>o 0 II
Filling a decayed Tooth with Mineral Suceeclaneum 0 5 0
All teeth supplied by Mons. M. are fixed without any wires or ligatures,
extracting the stumps, or causing any incumbrance, and guaranteed to
answer every purpose of MASTICAI lON and ARTICULATION. He
continues to fill decayed teeth with his MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM.
Looseteeth fastened, whether arising.from age, the use of calomel, or any
other causes. Scurvy in t e Gums effectually cured and prevented.—
Attcudace from Ten till Six.— No. 10, Ludgate-hill.

GORDON'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
This truly valuable Medicine is confidently recommended,
from the decided preference already established, as being the most effica-
cious remedy for all affections of the Urethra, without ind icing nausea
and loss of appetite, complained of in other medicines, and may be taken
by the most delicate with the greatest safety. The ingredients are per-
fectly harmless, acting only on the parts affected, and not leaving behind
evil effects, which render it doubtful whether the remedy be not worse
than the disease. It will not only be found the most effectual, but by far the
cheapest medicine prescrii,ed, being sold in half and pint bottles, 2.5. 9et,
and 41.63., each. Two et the latter, in very inveterate cases, almost in-
variably effecting a • uro.
To be had from ail wholesale and retail venders of patentitnedicines iu
the kingdom. Full directions are attached to each bottle.

TOWN-HALL, MANCHESTER, MAY 3, 1838.
AT a numerous and highly respectable PUBLIC
MEETING of the Inhabitants of Manchester and its vicinity,
convened by the Boroughreeve and Constables, and held this day in the
large room of the Town-hall, to take into consideration the propriety of
petitioning Parliament for the immediate, entire, and unqualified aboli-
tien of the system of Negro Apprenticeship in the British Colonies, and
t,f adopting such other measures as may tend to the attainment of that
important object,
JOHN BROWN, Esq., Boroughreeve, in the Chair;

The following resolutions were passed:-
1. That this meeting is fully convinced—as well from official docu-
ments and other authentic testimony, as from the express admissions of
her Majesty's Ministers--that, either with the positive sanction, or with
the indirect connivance, of colonial law, those provisions of the Appren-
ticeship Act which were more especially designed for the advantage of
the negro, have been generally and flagrantly violated.
2. That this country has had abundant proof that no remedy for the
evils of slavery will ever be impartially and faithfully applied by per-
sons who consider themselves benefitted by its continuance, and who
arc incapable, from the habits of society, and from the general tone of
public feeling in the colonies, of properly estimating the peculiar mise-
ries of a state of bondage: and that this meeting, therefore, deeply
regrets that the 'louse of Commons has, by its rejection of Sir George
Strickland's motion for the immediate termination of the apprenticeship
system, and by the adoption in its stead of a Bill for the amendment of
the Act of 1833, again confided the honour of the nation, and the in.
tetests of the slave, into the hands of the colonists; and that this re-
gret is greatly increased by the consideration that the Imperial Legis-
lature, having, in the measure recently passed, admitted the principle
that it was right to contravene many essential provisions of the Aboli-
fen Act, did not embrace the opportunity of dispensing ample and effec.
loaf justice to all parties concerned.

3. That this meeting, firmly persuaded that the immediate, entire, and
insqualified abolition of the apprenticeship system is the only safe and
certain cure for the evils acknowledged to exist, and that such a measure
would not only be compatible wills the interests of the planters, but is
necessary to their true and permanent properity, rejoices to learn that
Sir Eardley Wilmot has pledged himself to introduce a motion into the
}louse of Commons having in view that object, during the present Ses_
si,n of Parliament.

4. That the address to the Queen, and the petitions to both Houses of
Parliament, now produced, be signed by the Boroughreeve and Consta-
bl:s on behalf of this meeting ; that his Royal Highness the Duke of
Sussex be most respectfully requested to present the petition to the
!louse of Lords ; that the Right Honourable Charles Poulett Thomson
be requested to present the petition to the House of Commons, and to
give it his strenuous support; and that Mark Philips, Esq., the other
representative of the borough of Manchester, Lord Francis Egerton, and
the Honourable Richard Bootle Wilbraham, the representatives of the
southern division of the county of Laucaster, and Joseph Brotherton, Esq.
the representative of the borough of Salford, be also earnestly solicited
t i support its prayer.

5. That, in petitioning for the immediate termination of the appren.
tics-hip system, this meeting is conscious that it asks for but a very
small instalment of the debt due to the slave for the injustice and
cruelty so long practised upon him ; and that this meeting feels bound
to declare that not only is he entitled to future unrestricted freedom,
but also to full reparation for all the wrongs and sufferings which he has
endured--claims as clear and undisputable as are the most sacred pri-
vikges of the white subjects of the British crown.
6. That the following gentlemen he appointed a Committee, for the
Purpose of carrying these resolutions into effect, and giving them due
Publicity:—The Boroughreeve and Constables, Mr. William Atkinson,
Ur. T. Percival Bunting, Mr. W. R. Callender, Mr. Josh. Crewdson,
Mr. Isaac Crewdson, Mr. Peter Clare, Mr. John Marsden, Mr. Benjamin
Pearson, Mr. Thomas Townend, and Mr. James Wood.
JOHN BROWN, Chairman.

The Boroughreeve having left the chair, John Ferguson, Esq., the
Senior Constable, was called to it, when it was moved by PETER
CLARE, Esq., seconded by JOSEPH A DSHE AD, Esq , and resolved,
7. That the cordial thanks of this meeting arc due, and are hereby
pr,sented. to the Boroughreeve and Constables of Manchester, for the
willingness and promptitude with which they have convened this the
first meeting of the inhabitants of Manchester in their collective ca..
Pacity upon the subject of colonial slavery ; and to the Boroughreeve
also, for the able and impartial manner in which he has presided over
the business of the day. JOHN FERGUSON.

The petitions merely embody the Resolutions, and the following is
Victoria, Queen of the United
meeting convened by
:ta—ynd Ireland, and of the Dominions
a copy
~io
of theKitein,
gAltddiocolmrs
teos Address to
,a
Greatci theou snQ
ruilteaae
Majesty
: se ,
myoure. Nal a
aj e
publicsty---
thereunto belonging.
" May it We, the inhabitants of the borough
person and throne, and
the munici-
pal authoiities, humbly beg to offer to your Majesty
the assurance of our
of Manchesteir),leaa
of our attachment to those great and enduring
unabated and devoted loyalty to your Majesty's
principles which, by the
blessings of Providence, have established your
Majesty's royal house in
the government of these realms.
" While, however, we rejoice in the protection and
tt,liberty which the
inhabitants of this favoured land increasingly enjoy:
regret
that the principles which have secured our freedom have deeplynot yet been
extended to that large portion of your Majesty's subjects in th
who, entitled equally with ourselves to the benefits of the British Colonies Con.
stitution, and fully capable of appreciating them, have nevertheless long
but patiently suffered under the oppressive yoke of slavery.
"At would be easy to urge your Majesty's careful consideration of the
claims of a race so numerous and interesting on grounds of national ad.vantage ; and far easier, by the narration of their continued sufferings,
to excite those feelings of compassion, by a display of which your Majesty
has already secured the warmest affection of your people ; but we feel
confident that your Majesty's judgment and sympathy will alike bee feel
most
powerfully moved by an appeal to that strict and unalterable • ' justice which
it is your Majesty's high prerogative to administer.
" We are firmly persuaded that 'no man can hold property in
man;'
and that slavery, besides violating this essential law of Him,, b
kings reign and princes decree justice,' involves the perpetrationywhom
of
every other crime which can degrade either the agents or the victi • •
ms of
the system. And we feel equally assured that however humane may have
been the intention of the framers of the act of abolition, passed in 3318 ,
old the operation of that measure has been to perpetuate all those and
listed evils, against which the people of this country • • so indignantly and
universally remonstrated, rendered only more
odious by the promise of
relief and the pertinacity with which too many of the colonists still
adhere to their former unrighteous policy.
~ I. the maintenance of our uncompromising opposition to this sys-
tem of crime, we cannot consent to be influenced by any considerations of
temporary or partial expediency. We rest the claims and merits of our
cause upon the Principle that nothing
that is morally wrong can be politi.
cally right. And if the existence of a compact be alleged binding us to
behold, without Pity or
complaint, evils which it is in the power of this
great nation to reined
your Majesty's Royal
we refer to the measure which has recently re-
ceivedoyal assent, containing clauses directly opposed
to many of the most important
~ Deeply impresmi
with these sentiments, we most humbly entreat
your Maj gracious
attention to the present condition and prospects of
the slave population in the British Colonies. We humbly submit that it
will be impossible for
your Majesty rightly to estimate the nature and
magnitude of their sufferings, without feeling your Majesty's wonted
interest in the distresses of your subjects, and exerting that commanding
influence with which--in mercy not more to your Majesty than to the
people of your h
g C..ar it has pleased Almighty God to intrust you, in
' unbinding the heavy burden' and ' in letting the oppressed go free.'
‘. May your Majesty
long live in the possession of the blessings which
your Majesty pm, enjoys,
enhanced by the consciousness that your Ma-
j..sty reigns over a People uni thousands of the
n egro race, not the least happy and intelligent of your Majesty's subjects,
ascribe their freed.in
and felicity to your Majesty's gracious inquiry
into their case, and benevolent interference in their favour."

m GEON.
LOSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED,
WITHOUT SPRINGS, CLASPS, OR WIRES,
LOOSE TEETH FASTENED,
And Filling Decayed Teeth
WITH MINERAL Al ARMORATUM.
MONSIEUR
LE DRAY and Co., SUR-
-OXFORD-STREET,cont'n e to ttESTOnE DECAYED TEETH with
their celebrated MINERAiLuMARMORATUM, applied without PAIN,
HEAT, or PEEup,
DENTISTS No. 60, NEWMAN-STREET,
VENTING and CURING the 'TOOTHACHE, allay-
ing in
minute the most excruciating PAIN, and rendering the
OPERATION of SURE which in a few seconds HARDENS INTO
FASTEN LOOSE TEETH, whether arising from neglect, the use of
ENAMEL, i)
ONE to_l COMPLETE s
Calomel, or Disease of the Gums. INCORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL
"EXTII ACTION UNNECESSARY. They also
or NATURAL TEETH of SURPASSING BEAUTY, FIXED, Irons
or GIVING any PAIN, the ENCUMBRANCE of SPRINGS, CLASPS,
WIRES, or any other LIGATURE, at the following PARIS
CHARGES : ET, without EXTRACTING the ROG'S,
AAnCeonmtpirl
A Single Artificial Tooth .. . .e 0 10 C
A Complete Set
Teeth, 5 5 0
entire
ofeseStetof
NNaatt,u,
rraall 'orreeTt he,r or
on finel‘let
Metallic
dc
platels 0 C
Highly finished, in the first style, with
fine gold sockets, usually charged 44 guineas 2.0 0 0
Arranged on the most improved and scientific principles, and in every
case restoring perfect ARTICULATION and MASTICATION. Arti-
hez,ituttlionlandedfruormabiTlietyn
ficial Teeth out of repair, remodelled to fit the mouth, and restored equal in
—N.
state.ru
Newman-streets
totiltlheSiirxo. . No, , ,
Amt..oxford-
