REGISTER OF FASHION.

The Duchess de Frias is arrived at Isis Excelleticy!s'resii.
deuce in Portland• place from Spain. . . .
The Marriuesi and narchioness of Camden, the taifitis
Pratt and:family 'are- arrived at their. seat, tile' Wildernes'i,
Kent, from Bstylsam. Abbey, Sussex.
The Countess of Darnley and the Ladies Bligti art ired roil
'Thursday-at; their house in Berkeley-square, frinn their seat,
Cobh ins Hail, Kent. .
Lord Cranborn has left town for Hatfield, Herts. .
. Lady Louisa Manners is arrived at her house iti
front her seat in Surrey.
Lord Petersham is arrived at his father's, the Earl of liar-
' ingtot.'s house, in the Stable-yard, St. dames's, from a tour.
Arrivals at Fenton's Hotel, St. Jstmes's-street;—B. White,
.Esq. float Paris; James West, - Esq. from his seat in %Var.
.wickshire,—Charkg Proctor, Esq. has left ditto, for hid; seat,
Het ts.

Anivals at Cook's Hotel, Albemarle-street : Lord acid Lady
Northesk and family, from their seat in Scotland ; Colonel
and Mrs, Murray and family, from ditto; Mr, and Mrs. Trot-
ter and family, from their seat in Leicestershire.
Hon.. Mr. and Mrs. B. Capel are arrived at the Prince of
Saxe-Cuburg_Hotel, Charles-street, Groscepor-square, from
the Continent.—Major Nixon has left ditto, Aso a tour.
Viscount Bulkeley has left town, for his seat, linglefield-
green.
Lord and Lady Amherst, have left town, for their seat,
Montreal House, Kent.

Lord Brayhrook has left his ,house in Old Burlington-
street, for his seat, Audley End., Essex,

Lord Castlereagh lett town yesterday, fur his seat,' North
Cray, Kent.
mormessommemmussamy issows

A curious dispute of a lin rcantile nature has
arisen out of the late changes.in Portugal, under
the following circumstanced :—The first of -cer-
tain Bills of Exchange xv ere some time ago
transmitted by the Brazili Government to the
Portuguese Ambassador in 'London, for ac-
ceptance only on a house whose partner in the
Brazils had made a largul purchase of diamonds.
The second of. exchange/arrived at Lisbon in the
vessel from Rio Janeiro, that conveyed Lord
Beresford,.and w;is traulimitted there in the usual
way of remittance, and made payable to the
order of the `treasurer-General. l'hese hills in
the regular way were negotiated on the Lisbon
Exch& ane, and by tho'purchaser forwarded to this
country'for acceptance and payment, the endorse-
ment Stating thus ;-;-44 The first accepted to be
found at the Portuguese Ambassador's." 0 n
cation being made by the holder of the second, a
.refusal,was made to give the first up.. It is pre-
sumed his Excellency is waiting Tor fresh in-
structions from the Rio Janeiro Cabinet on this
subject.
CLEOPATRA'S NEEDLE.---ThiS celebrated Mo-
.
nument of antiquity has been presented to his.
Majesty GEORGE IV. by the Paella of EG Y PT,
and is expected to arrive shortly from Alexan-
dria: It is intended to be set up in Waterloo-
place, opposite Carlton Palace. The weight of.
the column is about WO tons, the diameter at the
pedestal seven 'feet. This magnificent column
was obtained through theinPuence of S. BRIGGS,
Esq. the British Resident at Grand Cairo, with,
the Paella of EGYPT.

The stage coaches which daily arrive in town
from the schools in the home counties, begin to
increase the population of London, by numbers
of juvenile happy passengers, with " shining
morning faces," eager •to spend the ensuing-holi-
days with their no less-happy relatives and friends..
TheLondon.Sportstnen have uow, for the first
time, the gratification of having three'crack packs
of stag hounds' that hunt within an easy 'ride of
the capital, viz. _his MAJEs-ky's, the -Earl of,
Dcaies, and Colonel`,BEaKia.Ey's ;:and some
doubts are entertained .which Class is first in the
field.—Colonel BERKELEY met with .a serious
accident a few, days ago, whilst lintiug,
had disthounted to open a gate, when his horse
becoming 'impatient and- scarcely manageable,
trod violently on his foot, which it injured so
Much that the. Colonel has Ryer since., been con:
fined to his room, but is:now considerably better.
Troppau, the seat ot the present :qingress of.
Sovereigns, is a city of Silesia, and capital of the
principality of the same name. It is situated on
the Fiver Opprbeing walled, and containing an
ancient. Palace of the-Princes, with three paro-
chial churches, a college, three convents of monks,
t nunnery, and a cornmandary of the Order
of St. John. It is also the seat of the Regency
-for the Bohemian, part of Silesia. In 17582 ,the,
greatest part of this town was destroyed by fire.
It belongs to Austria 4 and is 80 miles S.S.E. of
Breslau:

I~JC•TL.NY ON THE limn SEAS.---Yesterday;
_Chas. Stewart and Wm. Goodwin were broiig-ht
to the Thames Police Office, from' Gravesend,
and examined before. Mr. KINNAI RD, the. Sitting
Magistrate, on a charge of feloniously
c Illy endeayour4tg,to male a reiplt. in „din
ship the Good tzer,,,vo titer: voyage from
Pelerstinrec to London, '=A:111
yXitl~in the jgrisdie.tion of ,;the. Adirmralty.. • :',the
1l). ners- declined makingaity4lferieg, andAhty

THE REVEREND
_IL BATHURST, D. D

ARCiIDEAtOI.I'-OF iI3ILWICIi.

This Rev. Gentleman, -it is well known, was
selected by the QUEEN to preach .8.11 Occasional
Sermon .on-,her visit _to St. Paul's,:but as, the regu-
lar forms :of- :the Church Service -did not permit
of any discourse on the . occasion, -the. Doctor
has thought proper to publish his Sermon through
the .medium.of the Newspapers--a circumstance
that could hardly have: been expected, and for.
Which there seems to have. been no appaient neL:
cesSity.—The Rev. Author has
,introduced his:
Sermon with the following Letter,: for which
there. seems, to be as little occasion as for the.
i:ublicatiOn of his ''ertnon

TO THE LORD BISHOP OF LLANDAFF, &c. &c.
" London, Tlittisday, Nor. 30, 1840.

. •
• "My Loan,—lt having appeared in the newspapers, that I
cline to London expressly to preach the Sermon at St. Paul's,
y•evterdo', I think it right to acquaint you and the public,
wn y anll -wit h what intentiongl came. _ ,

I certainly did .come to town with a view to preach' a,F;er—
moil on the 29th instant; and I came at the Queen's wish,.
corn rounieated to me privately, but by authority ;'Wheis I
fouA d, that, ay 'hoe st Satindav, an order-had - been issued
front your Lordship, as Dean of. St. Paul's, that no Sermon
shouild be preached. I did not know this till Monday, whe:n
arrived in London; and having no-time to receive an an-
swer, and conceiving-that an explanation with Dr. Hughes
would be uselesS, unless I could communicate with son, L.
thougt,t any further steps from we might be, at the Moment,
only iejtating firrd unwise.
.‘ But I think it right, in my own justification, to say,.-that
whereas, in my capacity of a Parish Priest, I have, without
any 'scruple, preached, or bad a friend to preach tot me, upua
the frtnertil of a respectable parishioner, . and at the yeariv-
meeting a a Benefit Club 00 St. John the Baptist's Day,
could not. :think that any objection would arise to adding ;s
Sermon to t he Service, oil the,dar upon- which hertMajesty
• went to St. Paul's, upon the loss of a Bill, which had-it
passed, would hare been, I fear, the loss of the Country, and
certainly the latter-end of a Goverument of fixed-and known

" That my intention, however, notwithstanding this convic7
ion; in undertaking the task of preaching the Sermon, wa s
ri heal, .and not to irritate, I trust - he corniMsit though

•
,ecessaOly.hasty,.which.l publish,.will
" never will male the Church. the vehicle of insult

though I never w•itl shrink there from a manly and temperate
exposition of my free opinions; and surely - airy thing hire
feelings of personataohnositv cannot be suspected in me to-
wards a-Ministry; Which numbers among its prominent mem-
bers one, to whom .1 _am troth nearly related by blood,-and
connected by the ties of gratitude aid friendship.
" I am, ray Lord,-very respectfully;
Your obedient, &c.
" H. BATHURST.",
The text is as follows
- • ---

" I will receive the clip of salvation, and call upon the
name of the Lord. I will pay my cows now in the presence
of all his people, in the courts of. the Lord's house ; even in
the midst of thee, 0 Jcrusalim praise the Lord."7-(Psalm
cxvi. IEI, 19.)

The Sermon itself is not7marked by any strik-
ing- novelty-of. argument:or illustration ; -but the
following passage, in which the Reverend-Gen-
tleman professes -to -speak what he conceives to
be the -,sentiments and language of QUEEN,
may be -properly selected,-and most sincerely do
we -.wish that .it.ntay find _op echo -in her own
heart, and be justilied:by her
own conscience
" 1 have afforded proof sufficient to convince of my wrongs
the reasons of s 'Vast portion of those who were 'Mist impar-
tially disposed to hear evil as well as good of :me.•' For those
who were not satisfied, I have added my solemn dcelaratiou
before God and my country, haore the tribunal of my Legis-
lative Judges. 1 have stoctified• that declaration of a coil-
science void-of offence toward God and man, as to the charges
of my accusers, by partaltingof those holy mysteties, from.
which the most suspicions iiatttre mill haroly appeal.
" Ask your own hearts-, is there .any thing in rank or
power so fascinating, and at Ihe cretin% of a troubloos and
a stormy life, that I shohld gn to mp grave, where I hope to
hud repose, and to he joined "again by the saiirt Hearet
-whirls-so untimely left me, with the drag-chain of deliberate
perjury? Is any thing in the applause of a multitude bete
which can recompense mst for the loss of the applause of
angels in I-leaven?' Am I such a fool as to set time against
Unmemorable et'ernit,-'015(1 at the Moment too ‘t hen. buinai
life wanes ? L itl I not belies even in Christ as the rock of
my salvation, yvt is there not a somet hi ng after drat It, a some-
thing adown that stream which cal ries-us all towards eternit
enough to appal the imaginal ion, and arrest the bolAriess .of
one who would day w rtitonly the terrors of the .invisible
. .
world ? .

" Do you think that I would make a nation a mockery fair'
aught which on this side of the grave is left ?If you think
so, you would dq it yotir;elf ; and you partake nut of that
charity, which thinketh ifo evil, and which hopeth all things,
By that charity,. which you svoti!•l have shown to you.; by
that apprehension of sordethiog after death; by the acarest
evidences of Him who died fur our sins, and rather than that
our sins should be i:inputeel to ours,elyrs-oufkred death for- tit ;
'by every thing that is honourable, that is amiable, in huasa-.
nity, on this solemn, this -awful' -occasitin,. in the most public
manner which can be adopted in the Metropolitan Chutaili 4-
this Country, I do appeal to liraven in confirmation of that
which I have asserted before men ; and I crave the interpre-
tation and -the judgment- 'of that charity which thinketh nu
evil." • ..

TRADE WITH SPAlN.7—The.advices from Spain
supply intelligence of much interest to the com-
mercial affairs of this kingdom. The KING, with
the concurrence of the Cortes, has given his sanc-
tion to the Report of the Committee of Commerce
for_the:prdkibition of almost all foreign goods and
manufactures, with the exception of cheese, but,
ter, and fish; the latter, on entrance, will pay a
duty of no less tl►an 62 per cent. ad valorem-
Much distreSS had beet ocCasioned by the .fai lure .
at Madrid-of.a considerable banking-house. .

A numerous and • respectable Meeting- of • .the:. •
'highland Assembly of London to-address her M1.,---:
jesty was held _yesterday evening at the Crown,-,'.
and Anchor Taveru,agreeably to the appoittimentr.:-.•
ofa former and preparatoF.y.Meeting,
Esq. in the Chair. Entire unanimity prevailed,
and several speeding- were :made, characterizecc,
.1
by
~Ifighland ardour and Highland gallantry.
Resolutions,-, expressive of abhorrence -of the.
.cciinmencement'of proceedings against her Ma-
jesty, of- -indignation at the evidence produced,
of profound 'admiration *of her Majesty'- conduct;
and of their thorough convicti\nr that-the-COnd'ii!:;:'
of the House of Lords amotintedlo a•tothfilete'-'
acquittal, were unanimously .carrikl.' An Aditte-§s''
in the Gaelic language Was rapturously applaud-
ed: The •• Resolutions .and •• Address, (With aN,
English -translation), - together- with
the proceedings, will be .giverr Jan Monday'. --
11.umE, Esq. 'M. V. was present,-and promised to
accompany the Deputation, Who are, on
the- .18th, to go in procession. to Brandenburghy
(louse, in the. celtic_garb.,- and with an Addreo:•,l7. •
inthe Celtic language.—aiinef..) -. • - -
A. Coursing.:Ateeting,-,has..beett- established.‘ at
I,lstverid e, in,l)eAyshire,... The_ .first,,Meeting.A
• ta:: take. Pl4-ce- ne"‘t;FAelf-).3aP,4 41(0°V,
be permitted -to run.:_„i . ;-•
•- . .
j Groito-es_ceiehriArf 54x0Pshir baq -
lihn his match against time ~.of„,,g9i?s
J• 0 41191. v: -711"'"c°9M$.111L sin::
Oitait sX72 1e.1,r1
filty-six`icritifutes and a flair.'

. ... ,~4

:

;:.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

. .
, tD.A.ILY EXTII.-‘crs: FROM NIORNING RAPERS:I

- • . , . . [,lf-or`:l2in.., Chronicle.] ..
Our guiders may recollect, that several ,rtionths .ago.vec‘
'.. tr.b::shiTit some corinos Documents from Pert-ait.Prince, in
7sehich the teeinination of the career of Christoptie and the
. •-nede of ~: were confidently anticipated. They consisted of
Tei,;;irtS from a person intimately i,.cquainted with
..what was
' -golbg oirat Pot t-art.Prinee and Cape Henry, with which we
.. were furnished from a gnaiter in which we could place thf
nt,onst reliance. It was stated in them that Christophi.y
' -se,e,,,d he deserted by all those on whom he depended, and the t
'.•'}'ii. Niii;stres were in correspondence with Boyer. We su ~-
~re&selr
1 tin names of those who corresponded with. Boy ,
„1
if WU feßr lest the publication of them might he attended
-wit) sekiems consequimei 5. Judelm; from the reports in
-c,:csuiiisi,-and this iritiligt nee, we hare little doubt II at '
' riep:ild.;ein hlstitiitions will be established all over Hal r;,
and that,Boyer will he.cleeted Chief of both States. lA, is
efii', to be extremely popular with all classes, and is ?Try
wiitlitions.anit enterprisio4. With respect to Christopher, he
ce“...inly was a dreadful tyrant ; hilt it most be alloweif, , at
••the same tinie. heat he did much for the education and, int-
, ,vrevernent of his BlarK population. Unfortunately, be, does
ht,t,st.ein to have known, that instruction and tyranit y are
i.,C.s.impatif.le wit he each whet.; and that though no Go vern-
. tt,ent is so stable as that whieb depends for its stipport lin the-
i.nclinations.of,an enlightened people, the communic;ltionof
Isucwteitge has not a tendency to reconcile men to the tx.rono
, they suffer. But. Christopbe was not the only Soyere).o who
committed this mist atie. The White Tyrants of Europe seem
R... it T (le 11W:41V of what is due than improved state of society,
as the Brack Tyrant of Hayti was. They cannot rePee men
to the condition of the beasts of the field if they would, and
Vtbout this, there is no permanency for, their system. 'l'be
"suppression of Journals, which it appears, front art article
from Weimar, goes still'brislily an, will only add to the ex•
isting irritation.' . .

An Evening Paper denies that the immense. speculation
in Stock arises from the jobbing 'of the Chancellor of the.
• "xcltetpter,—but certain 'it is, that the Stock has been pur-
chased, and Various accounts are given of the source from
-syhicb it proCeeds. Mow!, other. conjectures, a great Cot-
- -poration is named as. having atithotised the purchases-with
thit„ knowledge of the . Chancellor of the •Exclsegner,' to-
. 'meet certain claims to which they are subject. The in-
, flnence on the market is, as we -stated it to be, a ficti7
tious rise, injurious to the Solid credit of the Funds. But we
jivo.at a period- when the solidity and prudence of • former
-days are held in derision; and the theories of an imbecile
aneler, hacked: by the frightful operations of a few desperate
• adventurers, producing an advanced price, is ininginedihe
very acme of prosperity, and is thought to shim the most
profound knot(ledge of political economy. The -present price
• -of the Funds, viewing, at the same time, the state of the
Landed Interest, the. deplorable failures in the Mercantile.
-world, and the universal distress that prevails beyinid the
vortex of the- Stock Exchange, must astonish every think-
- ing•man. 'While real property is sinking to• decay, and all
.classes of society are bedding beneath the pressure of the
times, .the funded property 1.9 sustained, at an unnatural
ricer by.the gambling transmtions of a few daring intik'',
sinals. It is clear that such a state of things cannot last; it
is, impossible that all other: property should continue sati-
-sorvient to the -Fiindbolder, or that • Capel-court should
'-by the only discovered spot on which a Chancellor of the Es-
, eSequer is. to build his hope of fame, and imagine, because
.has succeeded in raising'the Stocks by artificial means, all
bim is sunshine arid prosperity. Experience too
'•fatal!y strews`tlie eiititrary to be the fact ; for, while the
lie:Annuitant is receiving full and punctual payment for his
on the debt,- sit Other classes of society acutely feel
• '-ito:-,lepreciation of eves y species of-propeity. A wise Govern,
t'•-itiert'_• would look to atueliot ate the condition of • alt; would
. -hem! its aid to-Writhe:distressed; would endeavour to restore
~;tope to - the industrions—confidence to the latided_proprie-
tor—,not assist in raisiog a fictitious appearance. of. wealth,
.in one class of its subjects, when all, in reality, is. poverty
•nuil distress in the other. An hoM•st Chancellor of the Ex,
).-hequer would discountenance the inordinate speculations that
..-atterlaily.occurring in the Alley—,wild strip the debt of its
mysterious garb—'fearlessly ;hew it, with all its deficiencies
and deformities, to public iiew—ty a bold measure entlea-
**onr to equalize property—al, above all, by retrenchment
and economy, secure permanent confidence its Funded Pro.;
perty, rattier than give • rise to a fleeting, illusory, and de-
,ceptive hope, occasioned by the_ temporary elevation or a few
,e,ighlhs per cent. It is for
,slr. Vapeittart to enjoy the tri-
-4„Impll of prices, it will he left, we hoot., for his successor to
,vnjoy the triumph of principles.—(nil.)

• iMernin Pust]
A ;Besting of a certain description oilirreelioltlers of Mid-
ellesel tools place yesterday. - They assembled, as usual, at
7111,' lerniaid, H telt ney,- at:d assisted. by to st rong"corps- of tin- -
Yshaveol labourers, m echanlcs idtheir apfon's, footnien it, their
iiverieS,•and boys, girls, arid. raggifd- woollen, they contrived •
tirarlt to fill the grealromn. -We-- Peter Moore moved a
;:oestilutiou for petitioning the Kitig to dismiss his Minis-
t.o-s. It was opposed by Mr. Williams, but the friends of free
dk(usSirin,'who invite their opponents to chine and point omt
-their errors, if they are wrung, 'would scare,. hear a word he
-had to say- The -ll,esydotiOn being carried, the Coventry'
Patriot next moved a*Petitio-Oe to the King, which, in ord.).
naiyAimes, would have-been thought indecorous ethoigh for
any thing._ A Mr. Mills, however, brought &mord one still
more outrageous=—a Petition so infamous- that even the Whig
I:leMber, Mr. Byng, stated' its contents-to he" neither-moll
• nor less than Treason." Yrt -this said -Mr. Bytor had the good
planners to remain in the room instead of refiring from the
treason and the traitors with that indignant scorn which might
Mare been expected from"a good subject ; and yet more, after
'this treason (lad brthi doctored in some immaterial parts by
Surgeon-Hume, and hastily altered by a Committee appointed
on the spot, it reer:eived the:sanction of the loyal Mr. Brag
,The loyal Electors of Middlesex will do well to remember this
'at is' future day. sir,Gerard Noel was used on this urea-'
-sion: He preferred dee Address of Mr. Mills to that of Mr.
Moore, as being more agreeable to his " organs of sense."—
We do not know where he rat, its-tialfy wears his " organs of
• sense,'' haring never had thet-good fortune to see or perceive
-thestf.; hut when• he comes- forward to support that which
condemns the conduct of Ministers for the lastahirty years,
.feet it not be fOrgoiten that the creature votes his own con
"derrmation. The old proverb says, "It is a vile bird that
iOuls his own nest." We will not apply it to Sir-Gerard,
but we again say, that if be is to- be "believed, he has hi-
•thinto supported the measures of Ministers—has suopotted
enacted, as far as b'e-conld, those-very Meastires Which
Loins now the atulaeity to reprobate. Mr. Pearson) attended
and took an active part in the proceedings of the d:tv. A foe
to ostentation, he did net set up-his consequence by telling
the mob in what part of the county his lands happen !.
The same commendable modesty was observable in Mr.
'V noler. Major Cartwright •was prrsent, and had the:mean;
. nos tot suffer a Tote-of thanks in favour of Mr. Waithman,
witom. he' so recently censured as a greater enemy to the
'people's rights than the- infamous Jeffries, to pass without
uppositionl.-

[British Pressi •
Annexed to the few observations which we -are about to,
Cifer to the notice of our readers, will be found a fetter ad-
. dresed by 'Mr. Hart Davis, one of the Representatives in
. Parliament for the'City. of Bristol, to Mr. Bright, the Chair-
inan of " a 'numerous and respectable meeting of the Citi
zcns of bristol,7 in WhiehMe. Davis declines to present tb•
• the Queen an Acbrress whidt had been unanimously voted by
Mlie meeting to-her Milesty. Mr. Davis enters candidly into'
the reasons which have induced him thus to dissent from the
.wishes of his constituents,' and we find that he " seriously
obiects tie paying his rersonal respects to the Queen until she,
has publicly disavowed an injutious letter, written and pub-
fished in her name, and addressed to our Most Gracious So;
verei,n." The letter to- which Mt'. Davis alludes must be
familiar to the pUblic; it .was- a letter of complaint and re-
. monstrar,ce, addressed a few months ago, in the Queen's
prime, to her Royal Consort. By whom- written, it is, per-
t trips, u'unecessary to ingnire, but Mr. Davis. goes, we think,
too far in %lying, that it was put9lished, using the word in its
familiar. acceptation, in the name of her Majesty.
" If 'this letter (observes Mr. Davis) he not a treason-
" able act, whichmy legal trnowledg.e does not permit me
'' precisely ton determine, it, is. notoriously. of a charac-
" ter . so closely_ bordeving upon it, that no loyal subject
' who loves ;roil honours his King can consider it in arty
other light than as tending and intrnded to• bring the
" King's' person and the Monarchy of the Country irito
contempt.. •
WI: will by•no means undertake to justify thFit letter. It
was irr ourniiiiii a very ill-advised production, doing as little
service4o the Queen, as it.did credit to either the heart or
the; hfad.of the individual who coMpose'd it. Fortunately it
carfi4its_antidole Along with it, foe the eXtravagaot
ress of its sentiments !awl ychern,eikee pf tune; were calculat-
ed to obviate any evil impression that the writer of it mighil
bare been disposed to produce. -We published the letter as

an historiCal document, in common with our contemporaries.,
blf t bow the eomposition found its.way to the Morning Pa--
r where-it first obtained publicity,-we pretend not Ist linoss.
tl.'e do not, however. think that Mr. H; Davis is justified by
elte appearance of that letter from 'declining to Pay to her
Vlajesty thtf resptct(tue to her. rank and station, or to,decline,
'the hontn--ttbte duty assigned to him by " such a respectable
body of his constituents." A Queen May address her:Consort,
or somebody with mare feat than sense ma'' Write aletter to
the King in her .name, in language not sutiiciently judiciouis
or temperate ; the tone of remonstrance* might 'he.-harsh
arol offensive, but we know not what right Mr. Haft Davis
has to withhold tom that account his duty to his constituents
and refuse to become the medium, of communicating toher
Majesty the exoresSion,of their e.ffection and esteem. , And
mark this Gentleman's inconsistency; He would feel no difft-
enlty in transmitting the Address conjointly with his worthy
Colleague to the Queen's Vice Chamberlain, hot he cannot
as a Member of Pal :lament present it in person to the Q.Aleeti
herself. That is, he is perfectly willing as a Member of Par-
!lament to heat her Majesty's servant, acting as her imme-
diate agent, with all foe respect, but he cannot as a Member
of Pal liament condescrod to treat the principal with the re-
spect Which custom• and the principles.of ,our Monarchical
Government require front every Gentlemau lit the empire.
Mr. Davis might recollect that it was not to pay his personal
respects to the Queen that his constituents required him to
wait on her Majesty, hot merely as their agent to convey the
expression ortheir seotiotents. In making his bow, there-
fore, he might solemnly protest against-her Majesty's receiving
it as his art iu his pi ivate capacity. The lows. Was to be consi-
dered merely as a state how. or a bow of cer einony—such a how,
rfor,instance., as the flan. Gentlemau gives. to certain of the
worthy electors of Bristol, whose persons and principles he
'holds in religions abhorrence, with the comfortable conviction
that "no love is lost " between them. Now, svo should Wish
extremely -to know when this ingenious excuse first smote
the brain of, Mr. Hart Davis, for every body must see
that it is, merely an excuse, and that the real cause
for thus -dissenting from the wishes of his constituents
k4ears a farlalifferent complexion. Hail that injudicious letter
never been written, would Mr. Hart Davis hare " seriously
objected as a Member of Parliament to Ming his personal
respects to the Queen ?" - Some other circumstance in the
zondirct of her Majesty or of her friends Would have suggest.
tor to. an ingenious mind a pretence equally cogent. Never;
we hrhelT, was the conduct of any watched with
keener avidity ter discover pretences few offering injuries and
insults, or flit withholding hindneas and respect, than that of
ton' unhappy Cloccu. Vrieate interest• prompts thousands to
kisolt or desert her, and thousands are therefore employed in
dl vising excuses for their illibLerality and cruelty, rEvery act
of tier life is distorted to give a colour to accusation, and cell-
. suve dares to raiSe its head its eiretnostances where, if justice
were suffered to prevail, praise alone ought to find entrance.
Let the candid ohServer of her Majesty's life* and actions ex-
an►itte with lushest impartiality the. conduct of any individual,
wlie.t her in !while or private life, who May chance to come
:within the scope of his vision, and then weighing the !lower
of pireerling with malicious ingenuity the objects- and elm..
ract 4r of the ordinary transactions in which buittan existence
is versant, let bin, declare whether it were possible for any
persOn to pass the ordeal of slander, and hear a reputation
clearer from the conviction of offence 1 hats that of her, ajesty
the Queen of England.--The following is,the letter to which
we have referred :

" London, Dec. 1, 18-20.

"-My DEAR 111tit.•4- have had the honour to' receive yOur
Letter, with the information,
.that at o'entinterous and re-
spectable Meeting of my Fellow-Citizens:at which you were
called to tht..! Glebe, an Address to the .Queen was tumid-
Monsly voted, which the Representatives. in Parliament. for
the City of Britvtol were requested to. present to her
Majesty. - •
" it is very painfla to me' to be obliged to decline a duty
which suth a respectithle‘ body of ntyConstitueuts have im-
poieJ oridn me; andY feel it necessary, in few -words, to 4.14-
plain the reason-of 16 dissent...from their. wishes.
" I should have felt- no _difficulty in ,transmitting this Ad-
dress., conjointly with my worthy Colleague, -ttr,the Hon.
Keppel Craven, the Vice-Chamberlain-of her Majesty, but as
a Nteiolter of the British Parliament I do selionsly object to
payin_ nay personal respgcts to the Queen, until, she has puli
licly disavowed an injurious letter written anti published io
her name, and addressed t., our Most gracious Sovereign.
" If this. letter be not a treasonable act, which my legal
knowledge does tint permit me precisely to determine, it is
notoriously of a character So closely bordering upon it, that
no loyal subject, who loves and honours his King, can consi-
der it in any other light tlitot as tenditig and intended to
bring the iti.int.;'s Person anti the 111o.narehy of the Country

10,0 contempt. . .
With this conviction derply impressed in n mind, is
tlture one of my constitneuts it, lot will nut feel that 1 should
dishonour those who scut ate to Parliament, if through any
base desire of popular arplawse I siantild act in contradic-
tion to it ? I will test my case here, ant! trust for my apt.-
to the good serv=e and loyal feeliOgs of wy
Citizens:

" I have the honour to be, dear, Sir,
'4, With sentiment% of tsteem and regard,
" Your faithful :tint ohedient Servant,
(Signed) " 111(11ARD HAM' DAVIS.
" Richard Bright, Esq. chairm4p."

[Allorni?lg iletald.]

The German intelligence is not tetty important. There are
some curious remarks in the notice of Leipsic Fair, open the
zeal of a British association iu communicating the evidences.
of the Christian faith to the .rews. exposition of He-
brew testaments at the fair for the rise of the IeWS., at low
prices, is, we stare say, well fonuded, mid retltcts credit upon
the Christian spirit, from which this fair and disinterested
mode of conversion has emanated. Perhaps, also, the ex-
position of them at the 'loins of Synagogues may he true.
tint we beg leave to question the offer of-a pecuniary premium
,o each convert, upon a certain scale, or in any other manner.
ludeed-there is a tone of pleasantry pierces through the ob-
servations every 119W.and then. The subject, however, de-
serves serious consideration, and it is for this reason that we
notice it at all.. We hasq] given credit, must sincerely, to the
propaLtandists of Christianity among the-Jews, which project
has the sanction of some of our most learned and exeMplary
,theologians ;‘ but we likliSt rXIII,',FII to them our decided con-
viction, fortified by the authority of -sonic of the most able
and enlightened writers of the last cortnry,lhatthissassocia-
tion has begun preposterously. If it is Wished that Jews
should become Christians, let Jews -he released rf
tOin the
chaini of barbarous prejudice, and practical bondage in most
of the 113 lions of Europe—this truly•enligiitened country in-
cluded. Let the Jews stand erect in the different comanini-

tics to which they beloli—lct them have the.henefit of all
the means of public education, equality of right in the exer-
cise of, industry and trattie, in the acquisition of property,
and in the enjoyment of civil rights—let them hr raised to
the level of the Christian condition, and they will then
perceive and acknowledge Chri‘tiantruths.

[New Times.]
Whatever may he said, and justly, of the cruelty and des-
potic conduct of the floytian King. yet he must be regarded,
under all "the:peculiarities of his situation, as a being of ex•
•traordinaiy enterprise, decision, and energy. The civilisa-
tion, to so considerable an extent, of men who still bear the
bratial4 and- ttlasltrof slavery, - rAfttlFrrigi a matter of curi-
ous iuiptiry :sod the deepest interest, avid it is not probable
that it could have been so far effected by common resolution
and common courage. So short a period has elapsed since
the frightful war which led to the liberation of liayti—the.
barbarous murder of Tonissaint, the elevation atid destruc-
tion of Dessalines„ and the division of the command be-
tween Christophe and Petion, that when we consider what
has been done since, we are almost inelined tolook
upon the whole as .a fable. It is enough, indeed, to make
the advocates of slavery blush ler their inhuman doc-
trines. We shall briefly mention two •or three patti-
cubes relative to that part of the island which was under:
the government of Christophe. hleie, in almost every
town, a school on the system of Bell and Lancaster AV:is esta-
blished, where the male children were gratuitously instructed
in English and French, and in arithnitctie, Some of the pre-:
ceptors Are English and others French, but one of the fa-
vourite Objects'nf Christophe was to establish the furnicr lan-
guage as that of his Subjects. In the school at Cape Henry
there were 2-20 boys. It has beta often remarked by tourists'
and travellers, that the sonnd of a foreign language 'on evet y
side of theM had a Very peculiar effect. It. must appear still
noire strange to Englishmen' to hear their own lanlznage
purely spohen! by the children of hlacks, so recently freed
from the fetters Of slavery, The country was divided accord
ing to the French system into arrondissements, of which the
number was twelve. The Administration 0 Justice was re-
gularly provided for, and on great occasions the Council of
State acted as a Tribunal. The Military Ztablishinent was
very numerous and ethcient, comprising tW.enty regiments of
Infaritry, two of Cavalry, and two of :Artillery. Besides
this force there wore the Royal Guards, splendidly equip:
ped, and a regiment'of women, called the Amazons, of
which the Queen was Colonel. And here we must be;- the.
reader uollu laugh at this new•Joilitary body„ most
of them, he can mount a horSe at full trot.,' We now come
to the Countand Ministers ; but the list of titles and%/igiti--
, twits is so t,ruly formidable that we cannot attempt any de.

scription of them. The'Royal Calendar issued for the rote of
the Court-contains no less than )47 pa4es, neatly printed.
It gives nol'onlY the names of the Ministers, but subjoined
to them are short notices, in which the, duties of their seve-
ral offices are slummed up. The appearance of-the Court, we
are assured, was not destitute of splemlour, although rather
tawdry than elegant- These facts are exceedingly cu-
rious .and interesting, when all the circumstances con-
nected with them are considered.-7Chri,stopbe. was not
unconscious of the hatred which was " felt towards him
in consequence of his extreme and Cruel rigour. He
once observed to d distinguished British,. officer, that
he knew he was considered a tyrant, 'hut that ,it was ne-
cessary to be so; the people. would be more tit for liberty
hereatter. With his usual arbitrary violence he introduced
marriage, which was almost unkown, by making a tour of his
territories with his Archbishop; and compelling couples to he
united in matrimony Ilisvigilance and activitywere as remark-
able as his unrelenting severity to all who incurred his dis-
, pleasure. No persons in authority, either civil or military,
were ever secure from his, visits, and it was never known to
what point his rapid movements were directed. He had
amassed immense treasure at Sins Souci; which was rapidly
improving; and had. also collected there large stores of pro-
,
visions. At the time of his death he was about Q,fty-three
years of age. . •

- .
- [The - Times.]
There is no advantage more commonly taken by Ministeri
and the mercenaries in their employ, than that of*placarding
every address, resointiOn, speech, letter, which makes its:
way be stealth or effrontery into public, and can be con-
strued into an approbation of their policy, as if it were the
Spontaneous expression of their real Sentiments by men who
might, if -they thought propel, have concealed those senti-
ments with impunity. This is another of the tricks played
off neon the careless or inexperienced part of the nation,
which, though in fact the clumsiest of. contrivances, is the
most tempting likewise to a class of politicians who live from
hand to mouth, by the success which has so frequently at-
tended it. But unless we are suffered to scrutinize who and •
-what.the.intlividoals are, and how the bodies are -composed
and influenced, by whom speeches are made, and votes given,
'and resolutions frireed, and letters written, and puffs circu-
lated, what thee say Or do !cites just for nothing' in the eyes
of, any reasonable man. Thus, when. we hear that a certain
number of Peers voted fur the iniqiiitous Bill against the
Queen, if is all miglity well until it is made known to us that
ahove.tbirty of these were directly interested in ',procuring
the condemnation of her Majesty—sitting as:ohviously upon
their own trial as on that wherein they were prosecutors,
grand jurors, •and'Aidges. When so much is plaitily set•be-
fore us, the votes are good literally for nothing'. 'Thus,- fur
want abetter wares, the Ministers are forced to bring into the
market an AddreSs front the town of Caiubridge,.fer example,
'vastly flattering and consolatory, nb doubt; but then, as
ill luck will have it, the Corporation of this town, though
decked out in. the full paraphernalia of Mayor; and Alder-
men, and Councilmen, and Town-clerks, is oo more at liberty
to act for itself--or'speak—or vote—or address—or decline
addressing according to the consciences of the members com-
posing it, than are the footmen of the puke of Rutland, who
has been connected Wit it the present 'Ministers ever since
they came into office, and whose namesakes and relatives are
persons in the high situations of Archbishop of. Canterbury,
Irish Chatreellor, and Speaker of the House of Commons.
We have just had time to glance at the Address presented
yesterday by the eight worthy Alermen of London, who tell
his Majesty, that it is - the bounden duty of all liege sub-
jects to rally round him, in order to avert the general -
devastation threatened by the restless, numerous, and
unabating calm-in-Iles levelled at the Parliament, the.
Courts of Justice, the Altar, and the Throne, &C. &e.
And we may ash, under what councils is it, and through what
misfortune-is it, that such mischiefs have become so formida-
ble; and that having continued, as we are assured by the
Government-Prints they have done, for so long a period, they
have not been ere now repressed and punished ? One of
two things must be admitted either a small portion of the.
people are nubile& with disaffection, and engaged its dis-
loyal measures--:in which case, if they have not been chastis-
ed or reformed, the Government with such coercive laws, and
with so mighty an armed force at disposal, has beets guilty
of negligence the snost Culpable; or, (which is the Al-
dermens' meaniog) the,evii is of such extent, the disaffect-
ed are so numerous, mid the means of
stesistance so feeble,.
that the s.aa 'rb men, in spite of whom the malady has
grown hp, mist be wholly incapable of relieving the
station from its consequences. We have before touched upon.
this Address of the. Aldermen, while it was yet in prepara-,
thm ; we shall now :swirly add, that it speaks the sentiments!
of the very few person who voted for it. The answer' which
his Majesty has been hdviSed to return soniewhat discounte-
nances the fears•of tlo• old gentlemen, by assuring 'them,
that (instead of disaffection and sedition being so prevalent)
" a spirit similar to that by which they" (the Aldermen) "are
actuated, happily predominates throughout the kingdom." if
so, and it is doubtless high authority for such a fact—the
wort by Aldermen miy dismiss their•alarms. The loyalists in
every city, and borough, and parith iti England, May surely
take the King's word tor the real condition 44 his Majesty's own
kingdom. Front the Royal lips we bear nothing said 'about
" torrents of intpiet: and sedition;" stalling is stated by the:
King himself which makes it at all " ineuto bent'. oh the over-
zealous Patriots of Cambridge; or Guildhall, to step •forward
between the state a 701 the dangers which Surround.' it. 'llls.
Majesty, with paternal solicitude for the comf;irt anti tran-
quillity of this trulv loyal people, declares in fact that there
is no danger. In jifit, but most severe rebuke of his cackling
protectors, He " e.,e1l knows the implicit confidence which
" is due to the virt iie and loyalty ofthe great body •of the na-.
" lion." Ills Majesty talks not of fear ; he even conde-
scends to sooth they angry tempers of these old Magistrates,
inflamed as they spin)) to be against the whole English Na-
tion, by• kraciousl - signifying, to them, that he: and they
(King and Citizens are " engaged in a common cause ;" and
adding this importint exposition of his royal sentifoents, " I
feel most deeply that the honour of my crown, and the happi-
ness of my reign, mire inseparably interwoven with the main-
tainance of Our ei tablislwil constitution, and with the true
interests and welflire of .my people r' Are the addressing
Aldermen capable.c f understanding this doctrine
.so consti-
tutionally just, so ! rni nen fly becoming. a I,iritish Suvereign ?
If they did catch 1.112 meaning- of the. Royal Speaker; we pity
tli&`poor eonfounrhl coortierS of Guildhall, who, when'they
'hoped to hear a Ki !g• of 'Eneland echo' their own invectives
and execrations ag• oat his sohjects, were frowned from his
presence by the int snatiort that " implicit confideece• is due
to the
.virtue and bratty of the great body of the nation."
which had been so IroSsly slandered-by the loyal Address.
[4.lhe.Public- I,edkcr..] .
[There are no political observatiOns in this old and respect-
able dettrital to-day;. nor any ankles of intelligence but what
are i.n the other Morning Papers.] • .

THE 14scut: persons at. present
in custody, on 4,, chdrge of having been concerned
in the late dar.Thg rescue of the burglars, and.
wounding,Marwlen,-the gaoler, were further exa-
mined yegterdv; but nothing. particular trans-
pired. Some others, who, since the last exami-
nation, have keei'a aryes(ed on suspicion. of having.
been concerned' in the atrocious enterprise, were
also brought up for examination ; but as the state:
of the gaoler's 11 ealth did:not allow Km-to attend,.
they could net. be 'identilied: they -were, there-
fore, along %vitt, the remainder of. the gang,- re-
manded till riday, when it is diought that
Marsden will b e able to make his. appearance.
The h?aVy irot) s were struck off the, prisoners, on.
the representaiOn of their conduct having been..
decorous in coolfinement.

On Wednesilay evening last, about six o'clock, ,
a horse in harnvs, just returned from the country,
started from the door id its owner, Mr. RoorE,.
of Colchester, at full /peed, up the High-street,
passing the.- Angel of towards the top of the
town. When near :Mr.. WALLis's, it got upon:
the foot-pavement., 1 ipset, an . apple-stall, and
dashed Ow, gig to atoms against
..the. portico:
of, the. New Corn Exchange ; continued its,,
career, with the ; shaftS, along the
crossed the top of Ithe North-hill, in a. straight
line, and came aga! nst the door of Mr. BAKER%
Veterinary Surgeori, which fle*-openc and in a.
moment the• horse; shafts and all, went down the.
passage into the :kitchen, to the
,great alarm of;
14r. Bmcpa:'s y.. Fortunately, no one was
hurt. A boy wai thrown downrbut received nog
injury.
