MERCANTILESITEPPING, &e.

DEAL, DEC. 3.—Wind BAV.—Caine down from the. River
the Carshalton Park, Clark, for Jamaica ; and Lady Ilarewood,
Young, for Grenada. A brig and an American ship have gone
to leeward, but no boat went to their pssistance. The boatmen
an still determined not to go off to any ships except to save
li yes. _

HALF-PAST 4 r. in.—The wind has suddenly shifted to the
northward, and great part of the cutward-bound are getting
under weigh.
SuvEN o'CnocK.—Wind more to the westward again ;
light breeze, thick weather with rain.
• RA :4fGAT E, DEC. 3.—Arrived the Fox, Irvin, from Ply-
mouth, with stores ; and Esther, Johnson, from London for
St. 3lichaers, with loss of anchor and cable.
PLv DEC. 2.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the Hope,
ICellock, from Lisbon. The above, with two or three coasters,
are the only arrivals for many days, the weather having been
very tempestuous, and still continues so with rain, thunder,.
and lightning; it occasionally blows a hurricane.
PORTSMOUTH, DEC. 3.—Wind N.W.—lt blew a strong
gale lait night from the S.S.W., and continued till 2 P. be.,
when it changed to the north, light wind and hazy, with rain.
HAnwecee, DEC. 3.--Arrived the Perseverance, Wood,
from London for Hull, with loss of anchor and chain. A brig
is ashore upon the Main. in Hundfleet Water, but expected to
be gotoff next tide; name not known.
YARMOUTII DEC. 3.—The Barbara, Nicholson, from
Mahlon for Leeds, has been brought in with loss of anchors.,
A large vessel was seen on Saturday at the back of our Sands,
towing to the southward by three smacks. •
ABERDEEN, Nov. 30.—Arrived tlie Betsy, Clark, from
Shields, with loss of mast.
I.YmeszoTo er, DEC. 3.—The John Baker, Anlaby, re-
ported yesterday, is got off without discharging her cargo, or,
receiving any damage.
WHIT EHAVEN, .DEC. I.—We have experienced for the last
10 days a succession of westerly gales, but without doing much
injury to the shipping, till at 5 p. in. yesterday it blew the hea-
viest gale we have experienced for many years, which .continued
for 12 hours; most of the ships broke their moorings at the
piers, and many have been damaged, running foul of each other.
The Henry, of Haddington, drove on the beach to high water
mark, and must discharge to be got off ; a small Irish wherry,
314 Lean master, with a. number of passengers; came on shore
behind the North Pier, and immediately went to pieces, when
all on board (except-the master), 16 in number, perished ; only
three bodies have yet-been found. -A boat has been cast ashore
at St. Bees, belonging to the sloop New Triton, Beadon, of
this port. The Defence cutter, Lieut. Reid, has arrived here ;
left Douglas yesterday, with the above sloop, and parted with
her at 5 p. In. off Maughaldshead ; great anxiety is expressed
for her safety ; it is reported she had a number of passengers on
board. The gale has now abated.
Le E nrooL, DEc. 2 --The Repeater, Maxwell, from-
' Baltimore for this port, was driven on shore the 30th ult. aboat
7 miles from Pwlhely ; she is bilged, and all the masts gone by
the board ; crew anti passengers saved, and cargo expected to
be saved. .
Yesterday the dispatches were closed at the East India
House, and delivered to the Pursers of the following ships,
viz. :.—Earl of Balcarras, Capt. P. Cameron, foe Bengal and
China ; and Thomas Coutts, Capt. A. Chrystie, for Madras.
and Ch inn.

FATAL ACCIDENT.— During the tremendous
storm on Friday night, Miss RUSSELL, who was on
a visit to her aunt, Lady DARLINGTON, at New-
ton House, -a stack of chimnies fell into the
room where the • youivr Lady had retired, and

buried her in the room.- When the rubbish was
cleared away the Lady had expired.
BURIAL OF ANN Nonats.—Yesterday after-
ternoon a large concourse of persons asemble-t
in front of Whitechapel Church, to witness the
obsequies of this unfortunate young woman, who
underwent. the sentence of the law on Tuesday.
last, at the Old Bailey.—At four o'clock the
mournful procession arrived. The corpse was
preceded by the undertaker, borne by four of
his men, and followed close in the rear by fivd
couple of mourners, in front of whom was her
brother and near relations. The burial service
was read by the Rev. DANIEL MitermAs, the
'Lector. The coffin was very neatly made up;

and bore a plate, on which were engraved the
deceased's name, age, and date of her death :
her age was only twenty-two.
SllocKiNq Acci DENT.—On Sunday afternoon,
about four o'clock, a very 'fine youth, about 14
years.of age, -one of the
.Marine Society
.13.0y5,
fell from the ladder at the side of their vessel,
and sunk.,, The drags were instantly procured
from the Grampus; the Seamen's Hospital Ship ;
but after dragging the remainder of that day,•and
the greater part of yesterday, the body could not
be found.
SHOCKING CAT ASTROPIIE.—Mr. M., a person
of highly respectable connexions, was carried be;
fore the Magistrates at Bow-street, a few weeks
ago, charged with having embezzled various sums
of money from Messrs. Grillier and Frith, ex-.
tensive dealers in lime, at Guildford, in Surrey;
and at MilbankrWestminster. Mr. M. was their
agent in town, and the embezzlements complained
of arose in the course of his collecting the debts
due to the concern. lie firmly denied the charge,
and complained that Messrs. Grillier, and Co. by
taking the books from him, had made it impossible
for him to explain and balance them correctly ; but
he was ready to do so, if he was allowed an opportu-
nity. Several very respectable friends immediately
offered themselves as his bail ; they were ac,
cepted, and he was liberated upon an understand.:
ing that he would immediately give a satisfactory
explanation of the. accounts.—Some time after
this, Messrs. Grillier and Co. discovered farther
and more extensive defalcations ; and having
heard nothing from Mr. M. since his liberatimio
they. again applied to the Magistrates, and a
summons was issued for his appearance on thi's
• fresh charge. This summons was returnable
about ten days ago ; and Mr. M. not appearing
to its a warrant was issued for his apprehension.
Iu the mean time the persons who became bail

for him, in the first• instance, began to get
alarmed at his, continued absence, and hearing
that he had been borrowing various sums of
money, they apprehended he was meditating an
escape from the country. Under these circum-
stances, they made diligent inquiry after him ;
and, in. consequence, they received a letter from
him, stating that he was in -Windsor, and s!:•ould
be in town in a few days. But upon their going
to Windsor in search of him, they found he had
not been there at all. They now became stilt
more anxious, and at length, on Wednesday last,
they discovered him at a respectable boarding
school at Chiswick, to the proprietor of which he -
was nearly related. They remonstrated with
him on his neglect, and with some difficulty pre-
vailed. upon him to accompany them to town.-- •
Accordingly, at the appointed hour, they.set out
with the intention of taking coach at Turnham-
green ; but they had not walked more than three
or four hundred yards, when he fell down hi the
road, was carried to the Coach and Horses rib-
lic house, and in less than half an hour he ex-
pired with every appearance of having taken
some very powerful poison.—A Coroner's In-
quest, however, has since been held upon the
body, and a verdict of i‘ Natural Death" returned
—a medical gentleman who attended the inquest
having given his opinion that he died of apoplexy.
(Morning Paper...)

THE LO.NDON JCUA.NA2,S.

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING P.APERS

December 4.

[MORNING POST.I
It is not a little humiliating to the enlightened
and Christian Princes of Europe, that the only
Power that has yet taken up arms to assist the
struggles of a Christian people for emancipation
from the most cruel and intolerable slavery,
should be an Asiatic, despotic, and Mahometan
State. Neither is it an uninteresting phenome-
non in the history of mankind, that the descend-
ants of the ancient invaders of Greece, should be
the first allies of the descendants of the ancient
Greeks, in the great cause of national inde-
pendence. The important and gratifying fact,
however, is no longer doubtful. Even those
who had hitherto scouted the idea of war as vi-
sionary, have been compelled to change their
language. " The situation of affairs in the East
of Europe,',' say they, " has assumed a very dif-
ferent aspect from what we expected. Persia,
according to private letters, has not only de-
clared war against Turkey, but has actually corn-
nrenced hostilities in Asia against the Turks.—
Th• fact is stated positively, and it is inferred
that this would not have been done without some
previous concert or communication with Russia,
and that Russia will put her armies in motion
against Turkey as soon as military operations can
be undertaken from the banks of the Pruth."—
In addition to this testimony, the more valuable
as it proceeds from a quarter hitherto inimical to
any military interference in behalf of the, Greeks,
e. have to state the arrival of advices from Con-
stantinople
to the 26th of October, which com-
municate the important fact that the Turkish
Government had, in self-defence, declared war
against Persia, and that several engagements had
been fought between the two armies, particu-
larly in the neighbourhood of Bagdad and Er-
Yerum. Various were the rumours afloat in the
Turkish capital respecting this sudden attack on
the part of a Mahometan Power. But as it was
known that Persia was not sufficiently strong to
contend single-handed with Turkey, it was gene-
rally believed that she had been induced to take
that step by the Emperor Alexander, and that
she would be supported by his armies. This
was also considered to be the result of the oppo-
ition made by the Governments of Europe to the
execution of his plans in favour of the Greeks.
Not being allowed to interfere in person, he
would not abandon them to their fate, but
procured them an Ally made strong by his
friendship, and whom he could at all times
render secretly capable of fulfilling his designs.

FMORNING CHRONICLE.]
The squabbles for place among Ministers and
their adherents are not yet finally arranged. It
is said, however, with confidence, that Mr. Peel
succeeds Lord Sidmouth, who retires altogether,
and that the Duke of Montrose is to be the
Chamberlain. These discussions, however inte-
resting to the parties concerned, should not be
permitted to occupy any attention (instead of
being the only object of Administration for the
last six months), at a moment when the distress
of the nation is greater than at any period of our,
history. Putting the horrible state of Ireland
out of view—the sufferings in the English Coun-
ties exceed all powers of description. The in-
habitants of the Metropolis have no conception of
the extent of misery endured in the country. The
Farmers in the Grazing ,Districts have hitherto
formed an exception in the general ruin,but the pre-
sen t prices of theMeatMarket have brought thern,as
w 11 as all other occupiers of land, to the brink of
destruction. All landed transactions are paral-
ysed—no Farms let or sell—none but the finest
samples of Corn find purchasers, and Cattle are
disposed of (if got rid of at all) at half their cost.
In truth, the Nation is reaping, in every part, the
wretched fruits of the Pitt system ; and this is
the moment that his followers have selected to
employ such energies as they possess, in counter-
acting each other's influence in the Cabinet.—
Thus, one part of it is anxious to have the abi-
lities of Mr. Canning, to support their own fee-
bleness, while another part dread his admission
into office, apprehending that it would lead to
their perpetual exclusion from the Premiership,
which they now fancy may be within their
grasp. In the meantime, the Nation looks with
sovereign contempt upon these intrigues and
intriguers.

[BRITISII PRESS ]

The Marquis Wellesley is, we believe, the
-first native of Ireland who has been appointed to
-preside immediately over the local government of
-his country. The Marquis is known to be an
advocate of what is familiarly, though perhaps
incorrectly, called " Catholic emancipation," and
this circumstance will contribute considerably,
in-dependent of- many other circumstances, to
shed around his government a large share of popu-
larity, which may be moulded to the most salu-
tary purposes—lle. will alsaigive to Ireland an ad-
vantage which she has not often enjoyed—that of a
long experience in the habits of government. The
talents of the Marquis Wellesley are of the highest
'character, and if they have not been sufficiently
.*ppreciated at home, it is because they have not
-Iwn sufficiently exercised ; but those who had

an. opportunity of viewing them in their inde-
pendent and comparatively unrestricted opera-
tion in India, saw that they were framed for pro-
moting the happiness of mankind, no less from
their transcendent brilliancy, than from the spi:
rit with which they were taught to pursue the
;;great purpose and end of government.

[NEW TIMES
A considerable sensation was ,yesterday pro,
duced hy'the arrival of an Express from Paris,
with the Moniteur, of Saturday, containing
.a . statement of the Address of the Cham.
-ber of Deputies, and the King's answer. In
the course of the Address, the Deputies say,
" We congratulate you, Sire, upon your con-
. tinued .amicable .relations with Foreign Powers,
in the just confidence that a Peace so pre-
cious has not been purchased by-sacrifices in-

' comptible with the honour of the Nation, and
the dignity of your Crown." To this part of the
Address the King replied, " In exile and perse-
cution I supported my rights, the honour of my
rare, and that of the French name. On the
Throne surrounded by my people, I feel indig-
nant at the bare supposition that I can ever sacri-
fice the honour of the nation and the dignity of
my Crown."—lt is conjectured that this proceed-
ing must be followed by a dissolution of the
Chamber; but i❑ our opinion this step would be
a most desperate one. Either at the new elections
the Ministerimust throw themselves into the arms
of the Revolutionists, and go even beyond the auda-
cious intrigues of Decaze in 1816 and 1817; either
they must consent to have Regicides returned as
Members of the Chamber—or they must receive
back again the Royalists, whom they had dis-
missed. In the iirst case they would irrevocably
destroy the Bourbon Monarchy ; in the second
case they would annihilate their own pow er.—
With the imperfect information, which we at
present possess, we cannot pretend to deliver any
decided opinion, either on the origin or probable
result of this disagreement between the King
and the Chamber. Upon the face merely of
the Address and Answer, it would appear that
the King had acted most inconsistently. lie
makes, use of the language of an absolute So-
vereign, in answer to a constitutional remonstrance
against the acts of his Ministers. This may
look at first sight like energy; but energetic
measures by a Monarch in the situation of Louis
XVIII. would be better directed against any
other body of men than the Chamber of Deputies.
The Ministers, it is,said, immediately after the
King's answer, tendered their resignation, which
his Majesty would not receive. Although we
are thus inclined to think ill of the King's judg-
ment, or rather of that of the Ministers who'ad-
vised so intemperate an answer, yet we very much
doubt the wisdom of theconduct pursued by. the
Chamber, on this occasion. The majority must
have determined to make"an attack on the Minis-
ters; for in no other light can the passage first
quoted be understood. This passage is also
followed by one in which they say, " Let reli-
gion, let the interests of subjects, weigh fully in
the scale of ,a generous policy"—which appears
to us very much like saying that France
should take the part of the Greeks ; and coupling
this with the insinuation that the Ministers have
made sacrifices incompatible with the, honour of
the nation, it would seem that the 'Chamber
meant to make it matter of serious accusation
against the Ministers that they had not formed
an alliance with Russia to drive the Turks out of
Europe !—Whatever effect may ultimately be pro-
duced on the foreign policy of France, we do
not conceive that it can seriously injure this
country. We are certainly quite as well pre-
pared for war as any country in Europe : and at
the same time we have it more completely in our
power to look on without taking any part in the
contest until our interference becomes absolutely
necessary.

[MORNING HERALD.
If the Government of Louis XVIII. and the
character of the existing Ministers be judged by
the actual situation of France, which is one of
the fairest tests,•the result should certainly be
a judgment favourable to both. The expos 4 of
the Minister of Finance, from which it appears that
the Revenue exceeds the expenditure—not by a
large amount, it is true, but by a real excess, exist-
ing in fact,as well as calculation, should be matter
of greatest satisfaction to the French Deputies
as well as to the nation. It is really matter
of surprise, that after the drain upon the re-
sources of France, during the two years imme-
diately preceding the first abdication of Buona-
parte—the shock which the country received in
1815—the occupation of her territory by foreign
armies for a considerable period, and the pay-1
ment of heavy contributions to indemnify the rest
of Europe for having subdued her ;—it is, we say,
matter of wonder that in a few years France
should have so completely recovered herself, and
gained a position which must be called prosper-
ous and independent. If this be a mere party
struggle for the administration of public affairs,
as we suspect it is, there is more of party
spirit than public spirit in the Chamber of Depu-
ties. There are many branches of interior ad-
ministration, embracing the political rights or
commercial interests of that kingdom, which
should in preference occupy its attention. The
liberty of the Press, for instance, which is almost
non-existent—entirely so, as respects the pub-
lic Journals, would have been a subject much
more deserving the notice of the Chamber in its
Address to the Throne. •

• [THE TIMES.]
We yesterday received Madrid Papers to
the 20th ultimo, which, though they supply
no intelligence of a later date than the accounts
from Spain in the French Journals, are useful,
as they enable us to discover the basis, and
I to correct the exaggerations of those accounts.—
It would appear from them, that though there
have been no positive disturbances of any im-
portance in the capital or provinces, the public
mind, over a great part of the kingdom, is in a
feverish and restless state, arising from dissatis-
faction with the character and measures of the
Ministry. In the capital a petition for their dis-
missal has been presented from the Citizens to
the King, by the hands of Qdiroga, the restorer
of the Constitution and the right of presenting
such petitions. From Cadiz strong remonstrances
have been sent against their continuance in office,
and menaces of disobedience eventually held out
to the authority of a Government of which they
should be allowed to remain the organs. Seville
has joined in the remonstrance, and applauded
the conditional threat of rebellion. Murcia,
Valencia, Corunna, and other towns and pro-
vinces, have expressed themselves equally hos-
tile to the Members of the present Adminis-
tration. The striking circumstance about these
Petitions is, that they are adopted after
an appeal to the people, and in public meet-
ings, at which the chief authorities of the city or
province attend. In Murcia, the Political Chief
of the province not only proposed the meeting,
but invited the Judges of the higher tribunal,
and all the authorities, to be present for the

purpose of agreeinff to a petition tc soliciting Vrs
Majesty for a remedy to the evils that threaten
the heroic Spanish nation." The Judges declined
the invitation to an assembly which they thought
forbidden by the provisions of a law passed in
last Session. The citizens, in their petition, ex-
press their indignation at those who accuse them
of entertaining republican sentiments, and declare
that they are only dissatisfied with the mode in
which the existing government is administered—
with the proscription of Riego, and their other
best Patriots—with the partiality or corruption of
a portion of the Magistracy, selected from among
the supporters of the old despotism ; and with
the appointment of military and civil functiona-
ries, whose object is not to maintain, but to un-
dermine the Constitution. To these causes of ex-
citement; connected with the composition of the
Ministry, may be added those arising from the
state of the finances, and the distresses of some
classes of the community. In Ceuta, the garri-
son, as it was receiving no pay, refused to do any
duty and in a town in Navarre, the popu-
lace, no doubt urged by the monks or priests,
whose incomes bad been curtailed, attacked
the soldiers whom they supposed instrumental
,in bringing about the change. Every town,l
too, has its political Tertulla, or club, which be-
comes the organ for expressing or creating dis-
content, and is esteemed patriotic in proportion
to its. severity in censuring the measures of Go-
vernment. It is to be hoped, however, that this
agitation, and the slight distuebances which we
have mentioned, are merely temporary—that
they affect, only the surface of society,-L—and that
they'will ultimately not shake the confidence of
the people in the principles of freedom and of
constitutional monarchy. The best proof of the
stability.of constitutional rights in Spain is to be
found in the calmness with which the Cortes pro-
ceed in their duties, amid the little agitations
which afford to their enemies such happy prog-
nostics of misfortune and confusion.
