[EXTRACT OF, A LETTER.]

.1 ail 25.—The Orestes will sail for
England in the course of this night. I avail myself
of the opportunity to informs' you,. that the French
troops under DUPONT have evacuated Cordova,
where they have plundered as Much as they could.
They fled Precipitately ln all directions, leaving be.-
hind all 'their heavy baggage, &c. Strong parties
from the van and main body of the Andalusian army,
ccilleSted at Carmona and Utiere, followed hi pur-
suit of thenv; 'and the inhabitaks of every place,
through 'which they could pass, were so many enc-
'ties, by whom they wire annoyed night and day,
by cutting off, or destroying,reVery sort of provision,
and haraSSing their retreat. It is already known,
that upwards of Iwo have been killed by the armed
peasantry since they left Cordova. In the whole
country, nothing is heard but the cry of c‘ Pencer o
Morit."

It is a singular coincidence of occurrences, that
the truce with' dmiral PURVIS Orr Cadii„.and with
Lord COLLINGWOOD at Majorca, should have taken
place on the same clay, and generally all l'ouud the
coast of Spain, nearly at the same period; circum-
stances which have made a deep impression on the
minds 'of all descriptions of people ; and from the
happy .alliance with the English; and the general ar-
dour that pervades the whole country, no doubt can
be entertained of our ultimate success in expelling
our atrocious enemy.

"- By this time I expe& that the French force in
the environs of Madrid MUST HAVE SURRENDERED
to the Spanish army, which had been assembled at
Valladolid, under the command of General CUESTA,.
and which consisted of 40,000 men. The force
marching in from Valencia towards the Centre, ex-
ceeded 60,000. We have also had information that
the Catalans had attached the French in l'ylonjui,
who were attempting to effea their retreat by sea.
But as there is a considerable English force o❑
that coast, it is hoped that they will not be able to
•
effea it."

His Excellency Lieutenant-General • BOWYER;
lata Commander in Chief in • the Leewarcllsland,s,
and J. KIER) Esq. his Secretary, have just arrived in
the Lilly.
The Lilly left BarbadoeS on the 12th of June, and
touched at Antigua, where she remained -a day. The
different Regiattaas in the West Indies are in a most
healthy slate,, and have been so for some time back.
For the last ,twelve months, it is said, there has been
much more sickness and death in the ArMy in Eng-
land than in that in the West Indies. From their
very healthy state for some time back, the Regiments
in the West Indies are in a most effeaive state, and
most of them complete.
An'article from Naples, date; the 12th of June,
in the Monitear of the 22d, gives an account ofthe
trial, on the loth, of seven persons, for having, in
the night of the 30th and 31st ofJanuary last, caus-
ed an explosion in the house of SALICETTI, the Mi-
nister of Police at Naples, with the intention of
destroying him. An infernal machine, as it is called,
is stated to have been placed in the laboratory Of one
of the parlies, an Apothecary, which was under an
anti-chamber, through which the Minister must-
pass to get to his,apartments :—a match, attached tb
the machine, was to be lighted when the Minister
entered the Court-yard, and it was calculated that
the explosion would take place at the moment when
he was in the centre of the antichamber. SALI-
CETTI carne home about half an hour after mid-
,night, and the 'moment of his entering Court-
yard was the signal for lighting the match. The
explosion, however, did not take place until the Mi-
nister had reached his chamber, which was on the
side opposite to the laboratory. The greater part of
the Palace was destroyed, but the Minister jumped
into a balcony, and escaped ; his family were taken
out of the ruins much wounded'. The persons con-
cerned in this plot escapedin a boat, but were some
time after Wards seized, with the exception of one,
and at their trial were found guilty, and received
sentence of death.

The London Performers, .by their exertions
the country, bring the taste of the Metropolis into dis-
credit, for, instead of appearing in those pails which
enabled them to acquire a tolerable reputation, they
boldly attempt the first charaders of tragedy and co-
medy. Hence, if the country audiences have any
judgment, they must have a very indifferent Apinioh
of those in London, where they may infer that such
performpces are considered as eflorts of greet

PORTIVUESE DOCUMENTS.

PROCLAMATION.

" NOBLE CITIZENS OF THIS ,EVER-LOYAL CITY
OI•' OVOIITO.

" I 'had the honour of being appointed );,our Cap-
tain by the most i;lustriou, Corporation of the City,
and had also that of being graciougly saluted by you.
I swore, and do swear, to devote my.life, honours,
and property in defence of our ever-beloved atid
much wished for REGENT, Signior a Joi-u
the Wth, and of all iircorruptible •lb;tuguoe.
am, not going to instruct you (this has already been
done by many wise and honourable - pens, and
tongues ofiireater eloquence than Mine), out to sti-
mulate you to the Most sacred duties, those which
our forefathers swoe for us, and we did fir our sons,
in defence of our religioo, our dear Prince, and be-
loved country. We have, faithful companions, the
most excellent holy shepherd, D. ANTONIO bEt.
'JOSSE CAsTao, who guides us, pis Bishop, with his
`most holy cross in one hand, and, as General in
Chief, with the svt,ord in the other. a He commands
us': let us follow him, and not be weak in the first
stePs.we must take to shew him our unshaken faith,
bnd 'incontestable loyalty. I do not attempt to inspire
yon with those sentiments, because such principles
were born with us, and are inseparable tronl our souls.
lam only ding to,,ask you, brave and honourable
comrades, that on the first opportunity that occurs
you may be by my side, ' that we may with the
most energetic . voices proclaim, as we have always
don*, obedience to our gracious Prince, and to
the wise Governtf!ent that his 'Royal name com-
mands us, and imbrue our sharp swords in the in-
latnOus blood of Lite vile French, and of those who,
in our misfortunes, have, taken their iniquitous and
base part. Courage, honourable companions ; let
us exhort the ever brave, honourable, and loyal
people ; they sacrifice their tranquillity, and. risk
their lives for the ince and the Country. Let us
reward them equally. We are all loyal subjeelsi.
the cau,e is common to all'; we must defend it,
whether for religion, or for our desired Prince.-r-
Your spirit, loyal Portuguese, is such as that of our
ancestors has always been. If we are going to imi-
tate them in the actions they performed, let us imi-
tate them also in the example they gave us in obey-
ing the supreme and wise Government ; and after-
wards, the superiors that Commands us ; because
obedience is a great part of force, and disobedience,
tumult, and vengeance in a private cause, weakens
the Whole, and renders glorious actions impossible.
Let us haste, honourable Colleagues, to revenge at
the same time, our Religion, our Prince, -and our
Country. Lung live the' House of BAAGANZA ! •

" M. P. CORELA COE1,110."

PROCLAMATION.
" GENTLEMEN EccLEsIAVIICAL, SECULAR,
AND P.E.GVLAE.

" The time is now arrived when we are anxious-
ly called upon to perfor', our duties, rendering
thanks to the Almighty for the great benefits we
have . received from his clemency, in giving us this
occasion of our greatest felicity. It is our duty to
continually entreat Heaven for the welfdre of our
Monarchs, and of the whole kingdom, craving peace
and tranquillity ; i am certain that every man will
so fulfil it t but, besides these duties, we are more-
over
obliged to defend our Church, King, and Coun-
try,
as ecclesiastics., as subjects, and as citizens.—
We were on the point of being victims to tbry, as •
well by the horrors of imprisonment, as by the guil-
lotine. Our countrymen were emigrating for the
purpose of adding to the number of those unhappy
victims, who with hasty steps are meeting death for
the security of the Crown on the head of -the tyran-
nical Usurper of Europe, and we all were destined
to remain in the slavery of the ambitious enemy of
religion, without faith, without laws, and without
morality. Thanks be to Heaven, which has helped
us to throw off this yoke. The good order, and
the best regulated measures of our Supreme Go-
vernment, joined to the valour .of the nation, will
secure our cause. It is God who inspires us. Let
us, Ecclesiastics, let us march against the Enemy, to
defend the country, our properties, and nation, from
the infamy they labour under. The Junta of the
Supreme Government enjoins, that all Ecclesiastics
shall form themselves into an armed body, to serve
as the garrison of this town while the Seculars march
against the Enemy. The Dean of the Cathedral is
the Colonel of this distinct body. It is therefore to
--him that all the Members of this Corporation must
dired themselves, for the purpose of enlisting, and
being formed into compoies, with the respe&ive
Officers, who are to be taken out of the same Cor-
potation, none being reserved for the Churches bUt
such as are indispensably necessary for the Divine
Worship. Let• us hasten : the Almighty will give
us aid. Long live our Prince Regent ! Long live
the valiant Portuguese. •
_ _

"LUIS krEDlt() DE ANDRADE BREDROD,
Dcan rot the c.h.tptet."

" Oporto, June 24."
