ZT) e ,

LONDON:
WEDNES3AY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1840

The Morning Post yesterday quoted from the
Quarterly Review, and praised it, the following
passage, thus giving us the testimony of two Tories,
both great authorities amongst the party, in favour
of the sentiments expressed :

Let landlords plant colonies on their commons, and
bags, and mountains ; plant them under their own eye,
upon right principles of colonization, in organic bodies,
with powers of self-government ; with social privileges ;
with the germs of village institutions, especially with
that first principle of social life and organization, an effi-
cient ecclesiastical establishment in the centre. Restore
something of the feudal principle into our tenure of land.
Raze, if you like, to the ground half an overgrown
metropolis, t,n l all the idle, gossiping, gaping, water-
ing places, where those men who ought to be each
in their own parishes, ruling their estates as the re-
presentative qf the treat estate, the monarchy of the
sealm, era fretting away time and money, and dig-
nity and intellect, is frivolous dissipations. if we are
so fond of ruling—and ruling is, indeed, one nt our
noblest duties—let us rule each in our appointed
sphere. 'That p'rssion, which is now so common, of
governing the country, while we neglect our tenants,
is at least suspicious. Let each man take care of his
own part, and the whole will take care of itself.
.Bat without a landlord in every part of the empire.'
cat reising faithfully and earnestly and affectionately
the duties of a iittle monarch, and so carrying
into the minutest details from day to day the principles
of a pa►ernal government, the best laws and wisest le-
gislators, iitttinq as abstractions in the Senate, will only
be a mockery. Then give to every landlord the best
of coadjutors, appointed for hiss by God, a good reli-
gious clergyman, and let the Ci-Jurch-draw out 'ner own
orgahizatien and machinery to meet the wants of the
crisis, and rouse herself to fight her battles with firm-
ness and zeal, and depth of thought and of learning,
without either compromise or intolerance—let all this
be done, as it may be done, if each man will do his duty
in his own family and his own heart, and we may yet
live. 'FiiCSC are the only cures for our evils, the only
answer to Mr. Carlyle's question on the condition of
England."

One of our Contemporaries has expressed some
surprise at these sentiments ; to us they seem what
may be expected. They quite accord with the
principles and policy of the party. The landlords,
who are principally Tories, in conjunction with
the priests, reluse to allow the inhabitants of the
towns to have bread ; and what so natural, there-
fore, as that they should raze their habitations ?
is merciful in the Quarterly Review and the Post
to introduce the Irish clearing system into Eng-
land, and at once put an end to half the inhabi-
tants of our towns, instead of starving them by de-
grees. We have had many curious importations
from Ireland lately—such as red-hot parsons, half
Orangemen, half Papists, who have assumed
to be the organs of the once mild and
careless Proestantism of England, furious
Orange editors, who have become spokes- 1
men for the English clergy ; but this last impor-
tation of the clearing system, to be applied to the
fair towns of England, is the most curious, and
most calculated to surprise and even appal the
Tories of the towns, who are lending their aid to
tho:•.e ho destine them to annihilation. We have
lately heard of Societies of Protestant Operatives
at Manchester, Brighton, London, &c., but the
ha 4 of them would be doomed by the charity of
the Tory writers, as the Quarterly Review and
the Post, to houseless starvation, like the serfs
turned from rite estate of an Irish landlord.

'We are not particularly solicitous to notice the
character given of those landowners from whom the
regeneration of society is expected to come, but the
Reviewer describes them as " fretting away time,
and money, and dignity, and intellect, in frivolous
diss..pation ;" but we are solicitous that our
readers should notice the wish to restore feudal
times in England. Are they aware what this means
The Reviewer would re-establish serfdom or pet-
sonal slavery, every landlord exercising, like a great
slave-owner on his plantation, the duties of a little
monarch, including the iron collar as a badge of
slavery, and thumbkins and whips to make the re-
fractory slaves execute their due share of toil. We
are extremely sol•citous also to draw the reader's
attention just now to the coadjutors of those land-
lords who are to raze their habitations, and turn
them licuseless 0:1 the world—coadjutors who, we
are told, " are appoin'ed fcr the landowner by
GOD, good religious clergymen." According to
the Tory authority, the clergy are to be the coad-
jutors of the landlords in this most ruthless, unpre-
cedented plan of tyrannic destruction, this mad
attempt to carry back society to the dark ages.
We are not sorry to find such a confirmation
of the character we have given to the priesthood
in a Tory Journal, and ore should not be sur-
prised to learn that the [assage was written by
a well-known priest, who is 'highly honoured by
large messes of that - nanufacturina
population
- whose hearths lie would make desolate. We
can believe
that such it sine Frojects may be con-
: templated by the priests and the landlords. Their
wickedness we ,hall
assert, as long as they main-
,.. Min laws to starve the pt;ople, is equal to any-
thing. We must denounce too, as more flagrant
Ilasphemy than anything the Times has pre-
t( nded to find in the Dispatch, ti .e horrible aster- !
