HANANNAII.

Don Francisco Dionisin \rives, the Captain-General of the
,gland of. Cuba, has addressed the following communication to
the inhabitants of Havannah, in consequence of their having
formed a committee to contribute to the support of Spain
" Inhabitants of the island of' Cuba I—Whilealie Peninsula
is labouring under the most atrocious and unjust aggression
that could ever be effected by the force of abuse—whilo the
hosts of superstition and despotism present themselves with the
sword in one hand to destroy the symbol of its liberties, and
with chains in the other to sink thrm into the'most abject and
ignominious slavery, will the faithful and generous inhabitants
of this province be passive spectators of this bloody and degrad,
ling invasion ? Will they behold with indifference the tyrants
taking palsession of, and domineering over, the ruins of' a 'Go-
vernment the most liberal and the most beneficent P Will they
remain tranquil and unconCerned whilst their Constitutional
King and their Government are wandering out of the capital
of their empire?--whilst the legislature and representatives of
1 the Spanish nation are obligeil to interrupt the august functions
of their ministry ?—whilst a foreign tyrant pretends to correct
and profane the immortal work of their wisdom and munifi.
sense, and to crush the Spaniards with the same yoke, of
which they were redeemed by their noble fortitude and generous
Magnanimay ? - • • •
• '" Eternal ignominy and disgrace would attend the, inhabi-
tants of this island ; inconsolable affliction would enfeeble the
hearts of their brothers in the Peninsula if they were nut to.
receive from the liberality and adhesion of the former, the aid
which the privations and calamities they suffer require :.11,
whilst the natives of this island are enjoying all the comforts 'of
tranquillity 'and opulence, they were to be callous to compas-
sion and their own interests. -
"How can the fate or the Peninsula be Indifferent to the
inland of Cuba ? They are most intimately united by the tiet
of blood and affinity, by the laws, by religion, by usages and
customs; and consequently Cuba must necessarily participate
in its misfortunes as well as in its prosperity. The alterations
which truly take place in Spain will:shake all, these provinces
from one extremity to theother ; and dila island, now the man.
pion of uninterrupted peace and abundance, the asyltun of the
unfortunate of both worlds, may be converted into -a desert,
destroyed by horrors and devastations:- its abundant anclier.
tile fields covered with fragments and ashes : and those nations
which now contribute to its aggrandizement, would then be-
come the most solicitous to foment in it an intestine dissension
with all the devastations which invariably follow.
" Conititiitional Authorities, inhabitants of this province guard against this dreadful catastrophe. The most sacred
duties of justice, gratitude, and public convenience; moat im-
periously require that your names should be inscribed in the
registers which the first corporation presents' to you-a eerpo.;
radon established .by yourselves to preserve untainted the
Magna C'haria which elevated the Spaniards to the dignity of
freemen, to watch for your prosperity and preservation, rind to
spread among the people the effusions of a paternal. govern_
merit, binding closer and closer its ties with the mother country.
Your provincial deputation_merine, for these motives, and many
more, that you should adopt the measures that it recommends,
in order to support and sustain the decorum hnd dignity of this
very country in the ;terrible crisis under which she labours by
the fanaticism and pefidy of some of her sons, and by the in.
gratitude and felony of a Governinent to whom it owes its ex.
istence. This is the conduct expected by the Political Chief
and Captain-General of this • island from the generosity and
patriotism, from the judgment and wisdom, which its inha-
bitantx have at all times Manifested.
Havannah; July 20, 1823.
(Signed) "'FRANCISCO DIONISIO VIVES.
"ANTONIO MARIA. DE LA,TORREV
CARDENAS,' Seerdtary."

•
RIOT AT A FuNtitAi..--T nes ny n. f
ternoon an
extraordinary scene took place in the parish of St. John, West.
minster, and a watchman named Oliver narrowly escaped.* ith
his life, in consequence of the indignant fury of John
Oliver's wife died on Monday, at his lodgings, in 011 lb-street,
IlOrseferry-road, and on Tuesdayhe bmged of the Overseers
a grave in St. John's Church-yard to bury her. On 'Tuesdayafternoon the parish hearers arrived at Oliver's room, to carry
the corpse toits long home; when they found that Oliver had
thought proper to dispense with that-article which is generally
used on such occasions, viz. a coffin but had enveloped the
corpse in an old blanket. The tgfhbours, knowing that he d'
not want the means to buy a. n, interfered, to prevent. the
body being interred by the unfeeling husband in that state ; and
the parish bearers, though used to disgusting scenes of wreteh.
ethiess, refused to carry the corpse in that state. thibugh
reel streets, and they returned to dm workhouse and,prooure a
shell, in which the body was carried to the grave, followed ,by
.the huSbatid.rolus;. On ,the *ay -to the grave, as the •corkse
passed down .tilub-street,,Maritham-street, and .Peter-strset4 to
St. ohn't Church, the women in the neighbourhood assembled
and pelted him all the way, and he su`stained vary considerable.,
injury. " ;.'..• 1
