position, there is no motive for any change at present, neither
with regard to the conduct of the Consuls of Spain in the Aus-
trian ports, nor with respect to that of the Austrian Consuls in
Spain, &e.—Seville, May 12, 1023.
(Signed) "ANTONIO CAMPIiZANO."
ARMY OF RESERVE—PROCLAMATION,
" Our territory having been profaned by French troops,, the
rights of nations, hitherto acknowledged by men the most bar-'
baroutt, having been trampled under foot, and an attempt hav-
ing been made to bind those to the car of slavery and ignominy
who spilt so much blood for their freedom ; thOse hordes of
banditti, the opprobrium of humanity and the terror of the,
traveller and peaceable citizen, being spread over our beautiful'
country, and a band of miserable wretches, who prefer to live.
by vagrancy rather than follow the national banners, being now
on their march against us, it has been necessary to consider this
country in a state of war, and that tire and sword should take
the place of beneficence and generosity, which hitherto have
only Served to encourage liberticide projects. Let, therefore,
the enemies of our weltare tremble; let the authors of our in.
juries also tremble, and let those feel the enormous weight of
the armed force, who, abusing the candour of our people, have
been led astray so far as to believe that it is possible to serve
God and,the Nation by robberies, assassinations, and perjuries.
" Nevertheless, do not believe the sword our country com-
mands me to draw shall be guided by blind fury, nor should I
be worthy of the confidence of a Government founded on rea-
son and justice, Were I to confound the guilty with the inno-
cent, and the pe9ple zealous and devoted to liberty with the
apathised and criminal. Peace, therefore, do I announce to
the good, and protection to the loyal; at the same time that
against the wicked and rebellious I declare a war of ruin and
extermination, and I oll'er to ,avail myself of all the right
I. acquire by the declaration of the 9th and 10th districts being
in a state of war, and subject to my military command, as the
General-in-Chief of the army occupying the same.
" The time of indulgence is gone by ; the day has arrived
when bayonets are to re-establish the empire of the law and
secure and consolidate the tottering edifice of our valuable li-
berty; when we have got to compel those monsters to disap-
pear front our land who, under the cloak of religion, trample
upon it in the most atrocious manner, by committing robbe-
ries, assassinations, and all kinds of disorders. In short, the
time is arrived when true Spaniards am galled upon to shew to
Europe that- it is easier to render their own country free than
enslave that of others, and that those who before knew how to
conquer theiri own independence and' King are the Same who ,
have now resolved not to forego their liberties and their King.
In order to carry these sacred objects into am, I ordain and
command that, in the Eight Provinces of which the ancient
Andalusia is composed, the following Regulations be Obeyed
with theeatest exactitude.
I Igrlere follow the Regulations, 24 in number.]
" head-quarters, Seville May 12, 1823. •
(Signed) PEDRO %ILLACAMPA,
of the Army of Reserve."

LONDON TO PORTSMOUTH
INLAND NAVIGATION.

REPORT of the COMMITTEE of MANAGEMENT.
To the PROPRIETORS of the PORTSMOUTH and
ARUNDEL' NAVIGATION, at their General Meeting,
held at the Old Town Hall, Portsmouth, on Tuesday, the
20th May, 1823, in pursuance of the Directions contained in
the Act of Parliament.

Your COMXITTEE of MaleaGratENT (in relinquishing the
;rust which you were pleased to confide to their directions, for the
year this day completed) submit to you their Report of the State
and Progress of your Navigation. They have great cause to regret
that (notwithstanding every endeavour on their own pert) they
are still unable to state' its-' Completion :it be hoWeiter, sa-
tisfactory to your COMmittee to be enabled, before they resign
their office, to inform you, that the day has been named by the
Contractor, (viz. the 26th of the present month) wherein your
said Navigation, (and censequently the whole line from Lon-
don to Portsmouth) will be ready for the Passage of suitable
Barges of 40 tons burthen each.
YOUr Committee, aware that (owing to the present low prices
of Forage, as well as Provisions and Pay) Goods are forwarded
to and from the Metropolis, both by land and by sea, at very
low and unprecedented rates of charge, have thought it advis-
able to propose to time 'Proprietors of the diff'erent Canals and
Rivers between your Navigation and the River Thames, in
order to give every proper encouragement to the trading inte-
rest, that a partial and proportionate Reduction of the Tolls
shall tedie place, on the part of each Company, in favour of all
Goods passing from the elver Thames 'to Chichester or NM.
mouth, and vice versa, and are happy to inform you, that their
suggestion has met with the entire concurrence ,of all partiks
concerned, which arrangement .they hail as a prelude to th
transportation of Sri extensive trade on your Navigation ; and
in order to promote the same, the advantages of this channel of
communication between London and the South-western coasts
of the Kingdom, have been published and circulated in every
Port in the Bridal Channel, between Arundel and the Land's
End, as well as in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and in
the Forts of Havre, Hontieur, Caen, and Cherbourg ; at suitable g: vessela are preparing for a more
ral of which places,
expeditious and frequent tom vessels
with this port, in order
that Goods conveyed on the Canal might reach their destine-
don with all practicable dispatch. Amongst which vessels, is
the " Sir Francis Drake," a tine Steam Schooner, of about
'l3O tons burthen, which in the month of July next will be
ready to sail between Plymou and this port; large
French Steatu,Vessel, the "- Tritonth "
intended to com-
municute between this and Havre de Gra
ce; and }four Coin-
mittee are informed that the inhabitants of Jersey have it also
in contemplation to establish a Steam Packet, to maintain a
cemmulication between Portsmouth and that Mind.
The Branch of the Canal leading from Langstone Harbour
across the Island of Portsea to the Half-way Houses, was in
itself so far completed in the month of September last, as to ad-
mit vessels of considerable burthen thereto, but the Lake lead-
ing through the mud, in Langstone Harbour, from the Sea
Lock to deep water, required considerable labour to enlarge
and deepen It, and us die work could only be done at low
water spring tides, and it being the winter season of time year,
it WAS necessarily very slow in progress.—That part of the
work, however, is in such forwardness, that within the last
three weeks, three Colliers, of from 1110 to 230 tons burthen,
have entered the Canal, and discharged their cargoes on the
Wharfs, and another is now preparing to do :he same. The
Masters of these Vessels have unanimously approved of the ()A-
nal, as safe documents, and two of them have voluntarily left written under' their hands, to that effect, for time information of other Masters engaged, in the same trade i—it is
therefore to be expected, that the prejudice excited by interested
persons will shortly give way to facts which cannot be disputed
on any solid grounds.
On the Chichester. Branch a similar prejudice 'has existed,
but your Committee are happy to say, that it is fast wearing
away, every recent month having, at that place, exhibited an
increase of time revenue, as compared with the preceding one.
it considerable abatement has been made in the rate of 'rolls
received there, and the whole Line of Canal from the City of
Chichester to Arundel not having hitherto been made passable,
it follows, that the trade on the Branch is as yet but partial,
notwithatanding which, the'receipts of the last two months are
quite equal to the eatinlate held forth in the odginal prospectus.
There are various parts of the works included In the Contract
which remain still to be completed, particularly the cutting a
channel through the mud, which will intersect the wudeway
that connects (at low water) Hayling Island with the main
hind. At that point, the Bridge which wits originally intended
to communicate across the channel has been abandoned, and
one upon a more extensive scale connected with a causeway,
to be passable at all times of tile tide, is now in progress, under
the authority of an Actor Parliament, by a Joint Stock Company
of Proprietors, for making and maintaining it. Towards the
expence of which, this Company contributes the sum that the
Bridge would (in the way that it way originally intended to be
erected) have cost, together with the further sum of 6001., as a
consideration for being for ever hereafter exonerated from main-
taining or repairing the said Bridge or Causeway.
It remains for your Committee to inform you, that the sum
hitherto received, including money borrowed of the Commis-
sioners, fur issuing Exchequer Bill Loans, for the carrying
on of public works, amounts to 162,700/. 10s. 3d. and that the
total amount of the expenditure has been 1511,4311/. Is. 7d. an
Abstract of which is bud before this General Meeting.
The Balance in the Treasurer's hands, including 4,0001. in
Exchequer Bills at this date undispoxed of, amounts to 4,271/.
8t 114. and the other resources of the Company, to meet out-
st? riding claims, will, it is preatimed, amount (in instalments
npaid, and in the value of disposable houses and land) to
about (4000/.
Your Committee avail themselves of this opportunity to in-
vite the zealous co-operation of the numerous Subscribers in
London and along the Coast of the British Channel, for pro-
moting the Trade on this Navigation at an early date, as they
feel fully satisfied, that on trial, it will be found to be a chan-
nel for the conveyance of rnerehandize superior to all others.
