tier foot. There never was—there never can be—
any natural bond of union between a Tory and an
Operative. In all essential matters, the two differ like
oil and vinegar—black and white—truth and false-
hood—liberty and slavery. Great, therefore, Las
been our regret, not to say astonishment, at finding
some Operatives thoughtless enough to overlook
these irreconcileable differences, and base enough to
desert the interests of their own body, in order
as they idly imagine, to advance their own. However,
they will soon pay the penalty of their rashness.
Raving " sown the wind," they have nothing left for
it but to "reap the whirlwind." The rest of Mr.
O'CONNELL'S speech was made up of ,impassioned
appeals to his countrymen, to follow up the work
of agitation with unflagging spirit, and without an in-
stant's loss of time. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman
well observed :—" There is an abundance of work to
be performed. All Ireland must be roused ; we must
in every district have normal schools of peaceful agi-
tation.' The wise Lords would not give us corpora-
.

tions, lest we should turn them into acritation clubs.
Oh, how they have prevented agitation " This is a
nut which we leave their Lordships, spiritual and eke
temporal, to crack and digest at their leisure.

Letters and Papers from Madrid to the 6th inst
have been received. The movements of GOIMEZ 111
Estremadura have hitherto baffled the military genius
of RoDIL and ALAIx. In fact, we cannot now
ascertain where he is, or what he is doing. We have
before us five several accounts of the marches and
countermarches of the rebel Chief, all of the same date,
and all different from each other. The Monileur states
that he was at Truxillo on the Ist inst., and that RO-
DIL'S head-quarters were, on the same day, at Pera-
lada de Mata. A Morning Contemporary, consistent
in its support of Carlists and Carlism both at home
and abroad, asserts that GOMEZ effected the passage
of the Tagus within five leagues of RODIL'S division,
by means of two ferry boats, and that at the date of
the latest arrivals he was at Talavera de la Reyna.
This town is situated between RoDIL's division and
the capital, and from it GOMEZ might either march
direct to Madrid, or taking the direction of Old Castile,
cross the mountains to Avila, and thence to Segovia,
and so by forced marches enter Navarre. Ano-
ther account assures us that GOMEZ followed the
course of the Tagus, and was on the Ist inst. near
Alcantara on the Portuguese frontier, where the Portu-
guese General, the Baron Bom FIN was waiting, by or-
der of his Government, at the head of 3,000 infantry and
600 cavalry, to give him a warm reception. A fourth
journal publishes intelligence to the effect that Go-
mEZ has remained stationary for some days, and that it
was the division under ALAIX that appeared in' the
neighbourhood of Talavera de la Reyna. This state-
ment is the most improbable of all. Wherefore should
ALA ix cross the Tagus, unless he desired to open a
passage for the escape of GOMEZ along the left bank
of the river to Toledo, whence he might easily pass
through Cuenca, and into Valencia. The fifth account
is the most probable of any received, though we cannot
affirm that it is one jot more correct. According to it,
GOMEZ, finding that ALAIx and RODIL anticipated a
run into Avila, wheeled right round, crossed the Guadi-
ana, and by forced marches was moving in the direction of
Seville. Such are the reports from the Spanish capital,
from the seat of War, and from Paris, received in London
this morning. All are equally decisive ; but as no
two of them can be true, we suspend everything like a
positive assurance respecting them, until fly.: Govern-
ment shall have made some communication on the
subject to the Cortes. If GOMEZ escape back into
the Basques, the QUEEN'S Generals ought certainly to
be brought to trial.
General NA RVA ES, at the head of 4,000 fine troops,
passed through Madrid on the 4th inst., on his march
agairist GomEZ in Estremadura.
The Cortes continue to make every effort to give
Spain peace and a free Constitution. In its sittina of
-
the 3d inst. the Chamber appointed a Committee of
five, to take into consideration and to report upon the
modifications which it might be necessary to make in
the Constitution of 1812, in order to assimilate it to
the spirit of limited monarchy. In the course of the
debate the Members expressed themselves with great
moderation, and all appeared to feel the great difficulty
as well as delicacy of the trust about to be reposed in the
Members of the Committee. All agreed that the utmost
Spain demanded was freedom ; not the realization
of any particular theory of Government ; and likewise
that it was the interest of the Cortes to avoid as much
as possible all singularity of form in political institu-
tions, when such singularity was manifestly neither a
guarantee of additional strength, nor extended duration.
The following is a list of the Committee, with the
votes given in favour of each member :

VOTES.
Senor Arguelles lll
Senor Ferrer
Senor Gonzalez 75
Senor Alozaga
Senor Sancho 65

During the same sitting the second reading of the
resolution, declaring General RomL:to have forfeited
the confidence of the Cortes and the country, was re-
jected chiefly through the influence of Ministers. The
Cabinet is over fond of undertaking the defence
of those entrusted with the command of the army. In
times of civil commotion such questions are best left to
the consideration of the representatives of the people.
The Government cannot make itself a party in such
discussions, without exciting a suspicion that it seeks to
screen some guilty agent of oppression—some tool of
absolute power, from the punishment due to imputed

guilt.
The capture of Cantavieja by the QUEEN'S troops,
under Gen. San MIGUEL, has completely restored the
confidence of the inhabitants of Madrid. The Carlists
in their flight had 200 killed, besides many wounded.
The engagement was by no means so severe as was
reported, as the Carlists fled the moment the town was
attacked. San MIGUEL found Brigadier-General
LOPEZ, 50 officers, and between 800 and 900 of the
QUEEN'S soldiers prisoners in the town. They were
of course, instantly set at liberty, amid the rejoicing
of their comrades in arms.

Although there is no sufficient reason to suppose
that the war will be brought to a termination this sea-
son, we have pleasure in stating that, since the meet-
ing of the Cortcs, the Carlists have uniformly expe-
rienced checks and reverses in every quarter. It is
quite clear that Don CARLOS cannot gain a per-
manent footing beyond the Ebro ; and that the
utmost his ablest generals have been able to effect,
has been a forced march through some provinces, where
they sacked a few towns, which they found it impos-
sible to occupy in consequence of the hostility of the
population. These very trifling successes have re-
tarded rather than advanced the Carlist cause. The
Towns taken were politically of little importance to
either party ; -but not so the cruelties exercised to-
wardspeasantry by the Carlist chiefs.
ebrigands found the people indifferent,
Wherever
i helplessns
they left them deadly enemies of the PRETENDER and
his claims.
An able and honest Commander-in-chief would
effect the pacification of Spain in four months. That
at present, is the one thing rnostnteleidatfu
he has DloisLt
ought to be at once dismissed, seeing
the confidence of the army and the country. SAA RS-
FIELD is the only man we know of in Spain likely to
succeed him with advantage to the nation.
The QUEEN appears:daily in public without guards,
and almost without attendants. The people's devotion
to her person daily increases.

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday have
all been received. They optain t some accounts from
