fr.4olftoe,~'' *4l, A-1141.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY 1, 1829.

Lord STRANGFORD arrived in town this
morning, and had a long conference at the
Foreign Office with the Earl of ABERDEEN and
the Duke of WELLINGTON, on the subject of
his late Mission to the Brazils.

There are no arrivals at the Government
Offices this morning.

The Gazette de France and the Moniteur
contain no news either from the theatre of war
or any other quarter ; but the Messager des
Chambres states, on the authority of letters from
Vienna, that various reports respecting the
events on the theatre of war were in circulation
on 'Change in that capital on the 19th June.
Letters from Bucharest even went so far as to
state that the Russian corps besieging Silistria
had_succeeded in effecting a breach in the walls ;
but this affair was not credited. The return of
Admiral HEYDEN to Poros was considered as
indicating the near approach of peace, and it had
the effect of raising the funds at Vienna, but we
think without sufficient reason, for the conduct
of Admiral HEYDEN has been mainly influenced
by the intimation he received from Admiral
MALcoLm, respecting the blockade of the Dar-
danelles.

In the Chamber of Deputies, on Saturday,
an indirect sort of discussion took place in con-
sequence of the presentation of a petition, praying
for the due enforcement of a set of regulations,
entitled the Code Noir, enacted in favour of the
slave population in the Colonies. It appeared
by this petition that seven ships had lately, in the
course of two months, taken 2,000 Negroes to
Martinique, where [they were sold as slaves.
The Minister of Marine, in reply, said, that
the only method of putting a stop to the
illicit traffic would be to furnish additional ships,
the present force on the coasts being insuffi-
cient. He had taken into consideration the
abuses complained of, and would adopt mea-
sures to rectify them. He denominated the system
of slavery as "an infamous brigandage." This
expression of sentiment is highly creditable
to the character of the French Government, but
what does it say for their energy ?
