DECLARATION, No. I.

I, the undersigned, declare herewith, that I belong to the
Freemason's Lodge, called held at , but iz
consequence, of his. Imperial l'sjesty's supreme order, I hereby{
renounce belonging henceforward to the said Freemasons'.
Lodge, or to have any communication wit% it; and bind my-
self neither to belong nor tcr, communicate with any other, secret
societiei -whatever, that 'may be held either in the empire of;
Rumria; or'any other count 'whatsoever.
lilyenj4ndertny hand and tkal at

day of

DECLARATION, No. 11.

I, the undersigned, declare herewith, that I do not belong
to any Freemasons' Lodge, or any other secret society whets).
ever, held either in the empire of Russia, or in any other
country whatsoever; and I herewith bind myself not to belong
in future to any secret. Societies of whatever nature they may be.

Given under my hand and seal, at
August, 1823.

day of

Mlt. HANIILTON'S SYSTEM.

List night Mr. IlAstuToNt gave a Lecture to a
numerous and highly respectable auditory, at the
Crown and Anchor Tavern, on his New Mode of
Tea Ching Languages in forty-eight lessons. The.
Lecture was preparatory to a Course elf Instruc-
tion which it is the intention of this Gentleman to
give to a private class in the attainment. of the
French and other foreign languages. The system
to he adopted for the easy acquisition of this kind
of learning was expounded upon this occasion, and
is calculated, we think,to answer the high eXP'ecta-.
dons promised from it. It is in principle some.-
thing like the Lnucasterian, or system of pifguil
easeignement, which is so. much the more
prrssive, as it deals only in °rid' initeuCtioiiland
by multiplying instructors necessarily increased,
in the same ratio, the force of that instruction.--
Thus Mr. HAMILTON, at the head of his class,
after a few 'short rind simple rides, reads stolid a
sentence, explaining the ationale of the pro';
nunciation. . Each of his pupils .then reads the
same sentence in succession to the end of the
class. Instruction and practice thus go hand
hand, whilst it is impossible to conceive a better
mode of impressing any sound or word, or a
series of either, upon tie mind, than hearing it,
repeated from a number of mouths at nearly the
same moment.

Mr. 11AMILT6N professes in ,ten lessons AfP
teach a complete knowtedge of ten thousand
words in a language before unknown to 0..
pupil. His acquaintance with Linguage in gen,
seems to be extensive and well grounded ;
he undertakes to apply his peculiar mode to the
Latin and Greek, as well as the French touttor•
Many persons at this lecture, which vi as ee-
tremely crowded, read kith good accent. and
precision the sentences which were read by Mr•
both in French and Greek. We •havu
hesitation, from what we witnessed at this lek.7
ture, in recommending the system.

The apartment occupied by the celebrated
LAWRENCE STERSE, at Dessin's Hotel, at Calais%
during the time he wrote his" Sentimental. Juni!
*ley," remains as it was originally, and thoe.it•
written on the door, " This is STERNE'S room."
The newspapers have been giving the. Noble.
Viscount EXMOUTH an apoplectic fit, and Heave 9,
knows what else of bodily, infirmity. As tlift
country cannot afford to lose the man who ciao,..
tided the Barbarians and put an end to Christian
slavery, it will be pleased to hear that the Noblo
Admiral was iu Exeter on Thursday last,; that
he walked with his usual activity and spirits, and
declared to his friends that lie ins bad no such
seizure,and was never better in his lifa.—(Weitells
Luminary.)
