CAEN.

" We are assured that an engagement has taken place
at Caen, and that the friends of liberty and the laws have
had the advantage of the armed force.

" The Globe has paid its debt of blood to France. One
of our coadjutors, G. Percy, was killed yesterday in the
attack upon the Tuileries. This noble victim of a noble
cause has prematurely gained the object of his existence ;
but he has won by his courage the glory which he expected
to reap only by the labours of his mind.

" While the late patriotic struggle was going on in
Paris, some young men, who wished to propagate the
impulse beyond the capital, hurried to the communes in
the neighbourhood of Paris, and circulated proclama-
tions inviting the citizens to form themselves into
national guards. Yesterday morning at half-past four the
tocsin was sounded at Mont Rouge, Vaugirard, Issy, and
Vanvree. At Versailles, at eleven in the morning, the
generale was beat, and the guard-house forced to surrender
arms. The National Guard immediately occupied all the
poets.

" It seems certain that the Duchess d' Angouleme has
arrived in the course of the day at St. Cloud. Immedi-
ately after her arrival, the departure for the North of
France was determined on. It is said that Charles X.
proceeds by the way of Chantilly and Compiegne. He
will probably be followed by a very feeble escort, fur al-
most all the disposable horses had been disabled in the
attack of the troops of the Guard upon Paris. The sol-
diers encamped at Boulogne and St. Cloud have refused to
make any movement. The officers of the Guard had re-
plied to a deputation of officers of the line and pupils of
the Polytechnic School, who waited on them in the after-
noon, that they were resolved not to bear arms in the cause
of tyranny against their fellow-citizens; but that oaths
which they still conceived themselves bound to respect,
prevented them from joining them in Paris; but they
hoped soon to see themselves free."

(From the Cuutieutionnel.)

"YAMS, JUNI 30.
" The traits of the heroism of Parisian probity are in.
numerable, and all equally worthy of eternal remembrance.
We would not willingly omit one of them, but the task is
above the strength of the Press itself, which we may justly
denominate the French Hercules. We are only going to
cite those which we have been able to collect in haste at
the present moment.

" This morning, the 30th, at the corner of the rue
Montmartre and of the Boulevard, tome citizens, who were
clearly modest artisans, passed along under the command
of one of their comrades, who hail been appointed their
chief on account of his age, good sense, and experience....
At the point of their weapons were fixed loaves of bread
and some fowls, which had been regularly distributed
among them. Several men of this troop, finding them-
selves opposite a wine-vault, separated from it, for the
purpose of getting some spirits, but soon returned to their
ranks at the voice of their commander. To-day,' said
he to them, ' not one drop of brandy—not ene drop of
wine, without water, must any of us drink. We must
carry all drunkards to the guard-house.' All the brave
men by whom he was accompanied set up an immediate
cry, ' Our Captain is right,' and went their way, ready to
fight even fasting, ready to meet death without any other
stimulus than their generous and ardent love for their
country and for liberty.
" A young man, mounted upon a very valuable bone,
and from his dress and equipments evidently of wealth,
asked in every quarter for arms, in order that be might
hasten to the place where they were fighting, and that he
might join in the common defence. He perceived a good
musket in the hands of a brave mechanic, whose dress
declared him to he nothing more than a poor scavenger.
My friend,' cried the young man, ' I will give you 100
francs for your piece.' Oh, no, Sir,' replied he, ' it's
my best friend.' I will give you 600 francs." No,
Sir ; it has already brought two of our foes to the ground,
and it will bring down more still. I shall keep my good
friend.'
" At the gates of the Tuileries an individual, who was
found pillaging, created himself by his own authority ge-
neral, formed a guard, and planted sentinels, with orders
to shoot every man who was found leaving the spot. The
order was executed, and every body caught carrying off
stolen goods was severely chastised, and compelled to sur-
render what he had taken. Some new trousers were found
in one of the barracks of the gendarmerie. Some indivi-
duals, with a slight degree of etourderie, put these trousers
on over those which they were themselves wearing. The
trousers were immediately torn to pieces by their com-
rades ;—there was an unanimous cry amongst them—
' We came here to conquer, not to rob. Here some pour
workmen, having forced the shop of a gunsmith, who had
already surrendered his treasury and powder, sought for
more in all quarters, even among his furniture. In one of
his drawers they found some money and a bill. One of
them shut the drawer instantly, and said, " This is not
what we were looking after.'
" 'rev° brave mechanics, whose names we are sorry that
we could not learn, having entered am9ng the fast into that
part of the Tuileries which the Duchess of Berry inhabited,
found there a casket of bronze, enclosing a large sum in
gold. Overcome by the load of it, at the moment they
eutereil the court of the Louvre, they asked a citizen to
join them, for the purpose of protecting their treasure
against invasion. The three then repaired to the Hotel de
Ville, where the precious burden was deposited, without
asking or receiving any reward.
" An officer of the National Guard recommended an
ordinary mechanic to prevent the people from carrying
any thing sway from the Tuileries. ' Be quiet, my
Captaiu,' said be ; ' we have changed our Government,
but not our consciences: The most perfect tranquillity
prevailed (luring the night : part of the town was illumi-
nated, particularly the streets St. Denis, St. Martin, St.
Jacques, and the neighbourhood of the Hotel de Ville.
Strong patrolea silently paraded the streets, passed gently
from barricade to barricade, and disarmed those indivi-
duals whom fatigue and the heat of the weather more than
wine, had rendered incapable of employing their weapons
usefully. There real equality, the equality of rights and
of duties, reigned in full force—the difference of ranks die-
appeared—all marched boldly forward to the same end—
all took for their rallying words the cry of 'Protection to
persons► respect to property.'
" Dr. Laberge, who was met in every quarter where
the conquered were to be protected from the resentment
of the conquerors, and whore the wounded stood in need
of medical assiutance, had just placed the first dressing on
the wound of a citizen, who had been bit by a ball on the
head. A board was necessary to remove the wounded
man. The doctor asked as agent of the police for one.
He replied, I have no board. (braucarts) for suck
rabble.' It was necessary to find some other means of re-
moving the wounded man ; he is now in the hospital of
Charity.
" The officer commanding the Swiss Guard at the
Louvre, near the Rue de Coq, and M. Duval Lecamus
agreed to observe a truce for an hour. At the very mo-
ment these two gentlemen were conversing together, a
public functionary pointed his musket, and was going to
fire. The officer reproved him severely, and ordered his
soldiers to carry hint to the guard-house.
" The truce having come to an end, and the attack of
the Louvre having reeonnenceil,:a bran man, dressed in a

bolds
coarse blue frock, with a pistol in his hand, advanced
to the grate, and his pistol, which he pointed at the foe.
tionary, having flashed in the pan, he primed it 4.41111, OP
dering the guard to open the grate er he would fire spin,
This bold summons obtained a prompt obedience. The
Swiss retreated towards the Tuileries, and the grating of
the Louvre was soon opened.
" A petition has been addressed to the Deputies, which
terminates thus:—
" On the sth of July, 1815, the Chamber of Repee!.
sentatives, under the fire of a foreign enemy, in the pft
seuce of hostile bayonets, proclaimed principles conserv-
atory of the rights of citizens, and protested against evert
act which was calculated to impose upon France a Govern*
ment and institutions which were not in sympathy with
wishes and interests.
" These are the principles which we ought to adapt
at present. Let them serve as a rallying point. Do
Chamber of 1615 bequeathed them to a futurity which
now belongs to us. Let us enter into the enjoyment of
that inheritance, and turn it to ehe advantage of the Mb
and liberty.
" The members of a committee, named by I
number of the different arrondissements of Paris,
in the Rue de Richelieu, No. 47.

" ' Paris, July 30. I
(Signed) " ' CHEVALIER, Presided.' I
" The following are the guarantees which the RefeV.
tentative Chamber, during the hundred days, ended le!
the Monarch to grant, and to which allusion is ode 0 '
i
the above petition !—The liberty of the citizens—own*
lity of civil and political rights—the liberty of theory."'
liberty of worship—the representative system.-the OW
consent of the people to the conscription and the
the responsibility of Ministers--the irrevocability d 011
sales of national property of every descriptions-the luri!._,
lability of property—the abolition of tithes, of the anew'
and the newly hereditary nobility, and of feuditlity--44
abolition of confiscation of property—the entire ohliei.
of all political opinions and movements up to that dal.'
the institution of the Legion of Honour-01We,
to officers and soldiers—institution of jury-44
—and the payment of the public debt.
The Deputies will meet again te-morrow.
__„„ the
" The squadron of carbineers which fought "'L.Parisians before the Hotel de Ville de Paris arrived It V.,a
sailles yesterday so cruelly handled, that out of ISO or
men it could not count more than 40. The other °IL'
drone, who have to reproach themselves with )07
charged in other quarters of the capital, masses of Pt;
originally inoffensive, have experienced losses in dielT,
proportion. What remains of this regiment is in dwPt;l
and would be inclined to submit, if it might he Peri°
to retain its arms. The Dauphin has distributed 04
among them as well as among the other troops wile „,.'
upon the Parisian populace. It is said every Irtsu„,hee,-,,
alive(' fifty francs, with a promise of receiving It"' "P"-;„,, '
if the guard can succeed in re-entering Paris. 11)!Iis
tation of that event, which the capital need s'
fear, the soldiers fill the public-houses at Ville d'ArrSil,
Versailles, and the neighbouring communes, CO Iliehinktrig
effect their retreat. There they are eating and drib bit
soverapteueyweap
odrroeaetrthfiti
oe,anm,ei
,li i)ihiau
sacrificed
eoosprnfe
di e
ce:•ir
lie
st
themselves,
their
se
cause.
sneolt ofv e
I, them
, against
ga
ibays t the
w hiclDauphin'
their 0
olt
entry is i
been remarked, that among these military men air B°,lo
generosity is appreciated as it deserves, considering
regiments of the Royal Guard still occupiedroSmertresefutesnede!-111:;
C
Web
Tuilleries to addreothae
have rallied, and has announced to them that the Xi Di
troops, which produced
hDicahupthhian, has revitehwoseeTdopt-hldaecesaydaiwffteetrrweenlesoco:hr::7ll
has abdicated in his favour. This declaretion, sesvrtt '
bdathwoweyal
would fight, if it had any existence within its litnite
" The perfidious Councillors of Charles X. bate pft':.
severed i
! i n keeping him blindfolded in order 601
baps. .11
thewmaligutonly Ilnasotre
Teetessdi)yeyprecrhaiptitthateembosintr
rienPithiboinfaunwliese
r,:nt,
that
t lel
yesterday
buteat
Swissetee
ran d:
oye
ntr
troop',
the
yo
oterp,diD67l f luwog
whoa
alinero i
ets
ell:Ili:1ml 1
iii :or ei.
the Monarchy, but at the same time the most :7,
friends of our constitutional institutions, pressona
Prince de Polignac to send in his resignation. ono
ttohesea
hasersrhvarnecets
poftiotefrKomingth,enoi‘tiofneaarrciusg,
pte esl)°"., wok
his Majesty, to present him with a picture
which the maintenance of the ordinances of the bthdo
July must necessarily cause, to conjure him to hesiorn of
wishes of the people, and to prevent a longer ele.oo d
blood. Polignac persisted in his barbarous re/Joint' f,
maintaining himself in power, and of risking the boo
of his master in a civil war. The blood which Pe. ,
shed since must fall upon his guilty bead.
thatsentedldtayhii6s:ksoenlmofweinnn inbthyekiltblied' , Doge et
Ragusa on Wednesday evesin , that the Hors '''"
" Those who taw the the g9th pre',',
, the °me! '
when the attack on the Tuileries was going to re:mance& ,
admire the noble courage of that citisea Wh° %vaned ,'
accompanied. only by two of his comrades. bout Wig
m ordinary time up to the triumphs' arch, wi than $ 1
trenched himself behind the triumphal made a single retrograde motion, although I°°,llloolll,
thousand musket-shots were fired at him from tat ,,,,
He then lii
IEI
moat
sengitdrdllutiw:cogin made
ooduCarousel
to
iao.! Pne
:de 1 .
without any one;fortunately, hitting him'
spared.ve
theirry ldaer
kept his ground until the Castle was taken by the Ps tu_s;
" Although the Royal Guard, the Swiss, and the lof I
darmerie have not spared the people, still the Ile°, bid
by Orme)
Many of them have been received and dressed et the 0,1 jate
of St. Germain Auxerrois, which has been carer
defeat
eaTthheayv
have
numberhlazonf
gdterhnueenrekoo ludswileyirst
with
fr
the
preserved
vi sepdeceopr corps eastied
°dot
a hospital.
al inn:" and
iTnfli inflame
agenadti galleries
led as ilf
fecting spectacle this evening. All the women wlkipl
stalls there were at their doors busily engulfed in -
" POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL. ,ion
" In the noble and patriotic sentiments which s°l„, is
, we take
repeating, that the pupils of the Polytechnic oc,r,h cue' '
been among the first to distinguish themselves*, „-1, °gists
duct of these young and brave men is above all ,etoty
ifitrevtehese days of glory
ob of dp.tyuhpehialadro,mfatefhdteerand danger. Two circa)
ono
come to our knowledge which prove 66'
artillery
and courage—. , nu d,
_iltit ' _
bandages
ei
population ess
for Vivienne
th l
the
woo
of Paris,
rdi., Colbert
.b ip
icrh
00
le
silis."',l I'l.
"Iu one of the skirmishes with the RoYs°,,-.llpinT,," '°
wit a 3
still
danger
,t its
ni
citizens,
y repulse
atpccphr no
ran
approaching
ca by
nhsyci
nhugtoploloel
school,
citizens,
tpoil
Pipe'.
:if:iv:li:1'141;11i
toohblei i
,10"
:,
in an unoccupied area, to which, huwe-r-firist
seized with both his hands. olt is ours,' be said, ifp
keep it—l will die rather than surrender it.' Is ",„,"'ill 10
heard behind him, ' the brave are dear to ue-I°,e,eordt
killed—return to us.' The young man !ware o°7„ Oft
but holds the piece more tight! in his embrseer 'lOO
of a shower of balls which rainedy around hint, 7.4 M
firethe of
ft ()Lae, Guard
citizens,wa.ws
hobliged r tcoon retiretin ualsit:,l Ipfitinritobt,erg(7ooso
and who at length reached the piece and saved "w
who had so bravely seized it at first. 10 wt'
At the capture of the Castle, another pupil' ! .401
also at the bead of the armed citizens, presented h'lllo
the railings. A superior officer immediate) uPPr'" with
' Open,' said the young commander, ' if Y" do nalli /Li°
to be all exterminated, for liberty and force are oorl,ll el
power of the people.' The officer refused to t°sllis
summons, and pulled the trigger of his oist°l',.„„w-rd h,lis,
not however go off. The young pupil, who Prsor 7, '
his sang froid,seixed at the some moment the j , 11
the throat, and directing his sword against it' el;', I le'
life is in my power; I could cut your throat, %Id gs"
not shed blood.' officer, affected by this se'Lich be
nerusity, tore from his breast the decoration ‘r"yoo4
wore and presented to his enemy, saying, ' Ike:jets. WI
man, no one can be more worthy than you t° --,, it fr-
insignia, receive it from my hand. I willlisvelOrces*
now with some credit, arid I am certain that you hepu
tinue to do the same. Your name ?'—'PuPii er t WIPP.
technic School ;' and the young man iirmedietell
his companions. 1
ethe Ihir
" The gratitude of the people to the PuP••11 dt Os/ ells
technic School almost reaches veneration. Yeast ilkfor 1,
of these fine young men, who bad taken no re„po dr
last three nights, fell asleep from weariness 001 001
mattresses designed for the wounded. Whe'die lletiot
d arrivede N,
ille,, heen,w,
wash
etna krehne,
appearance
iiiiiieg
tiittiii to
cooled4elll
acclamations wherever he passed, those wh° es, off IP'
Ile crowd tow.
said,' Respect his misfortunee.' resr
hate, and passed on. • Soh°elbedli
" One of the pupils of the Polytechnic Olt , 0
killed in the apartments of the Tuilleriee. oducte" pd
raised with respect by those whom he had
,e:joelf, lei
I It
victory, was placed on the seat of the thruicaectr-,tor
covered with pieces of crape which We A 0010°%0
chance. It remained there till hie brother, .... us repoo
members of his family, came to claim hie ilipr! 'all froll oi
'• Yesterday, whilst the Royal troops, d irl'et obano
capital were stationed in the Bois; de liouloti to prod,
by fatigue, the Mayor of Auteuil was reti°,',.7.; Igloo:"
them with provisions and refreshments. ._, pas
hs
dressed himself to the principal inlisbitante 1 400
mune in order to procure them.Tart *newel

Waived from the most respectable part of them was this,
that in complying with his request they should be furnish-
lag their own enemies with support, since these troops had
fired upon their brothers in Paris. However, from mo-
tives of humanity, provisions and refreshments were pro-
vided. The Duke d'Angouleme went in person to thank
the Mayor for the provisions given to his army (his own
words). The Mayor could not help saying that all the
misfortunes which now afflicted France, and which were
recoiling upon the Royal Family itself, would not have
happened had the King governed constitutionally. At
thew words the Prince turned bridle and rode till. Ho-
wever, in a minute afterwards he sent some of his aides-de-
Camp to the Mayor to inform that functionary, that if he
had any thing to communicate he would hear it with plea-
Sure, provided it was not in the presence of his troops.
" Lille is well disposed, and has recovered all its old
patriotism and energy.
" It is a fact, which by itself is sufficient to give a cha-
racter to the glorious revolution which has just delivered
the country for ever from an odious and humiliating yoke,
that the Bank is guarded by • party composed in part of
the National Guard, and in part of those true Frenchmen
whom aristocrats call canaille.
" It is known that the soldiers of the Royal Guard had
already received 30 francs a man from the Royal Trea-
sury, in order to induce them to fire upon the people. The
soldiers of the sth regiment of the line have declared in
their turn that they were promised five-and-twenty, but
had only received ten francs a man.
" Yesterday the Archbishop's palace was attacked by
the people. They did not commit any excesses at first;
but their pacific disposition was altered when they unex-
pectedly found two barrels of powder and 100 daggers.
From that moment the fury of the multitude knew no
bounds, and the Archbishop's palace was entirely de-
vastated. Still none of the moveables were applied by the
people to their own profit. Many were thrown into the
Seine. The silver vessels were carried to the Hotel Dieu.
" In some public square, and in the yards of numerous
private, houses, old soldiers and National Guards are seen
training to the management of arms the young persons who
voluntarily presented themselves.
" A young National Guard, having committed a mis-
take in one of the movements of his exercise, was laughed
at by the spectators. I made no mistake,' said he, in
fighting yesterday, the enemies of liberty.'
" The greater part of the citizens are adorning them-
selves with tri-colorred ribands. In a short time there
Will doubtless be unanimity on that point. Every other
insignia, in point of fact, is that of a family party. The
tri-coloured flag is alone national. It is the emblem of
real liberty.
" We have seen in the Place Vendome and in the Rue
de la Pair several English ladies wearing the tri-colour
in their bosoMs, and encouraging the people to defend their
rights, and to punish the Ministers who have rebelled
against the country.
" The National Guard of Corbeil has seized on the
Powder-mill of Echareon—an important capture under
existing circumstances."

---- -
DETAILS OF THE LATE CONFLICTS IN

PARIS.

(FROM TILE MORNING lIERALD CORRESPONDENT.

PARIS, JULY 30.
A postscript to my private note to you on Tues,
day evening was couched in these terms :.•••" We
are in for a revolution."

•
I wrote you two notes on Wednesday, but I have
every reason to believe they were destroyed.
On Tuesday evening matters . began to wear a
Vert serious aspect. The gendarmes posted on the
Place du Palais Royal were incessantly attacked, by
what you in London call a mob of dandies, with a
Perseverance and a desperation of which all the
flint, revolts, tumult/4 or revolutions of England
afford no example. They were supported, it is
true, by the young bourgeois, and by the lower
classes, but the majority, at five o'clock, were Paris
fops,with rattans in their hands, and pistols in their
pockets. Some of them were killed. Wishing to
'CO something of the matter, I took a cabriolet and
attempted to drive through' the Place du Weis
Royal, and got into the
thick of the fight. The
cab-driver had been a chasseur a cheval of the Im-
perial Guard. When we reached the tails of the
horses of the line of gendarmes posted opposite the
Rue Froidmanteau the 'excitement was ..too much
far him. The people were charged by the cavalry
—fired their pistols in their faces, retired, and re-
turned to the attack, with cries of Vengeance 1—
ni,iberte be: le Roi .I,—Vive la Chat* I— Vive
•,;amperear
.i—Vive Napoleon H.! —.La Mort a
folignac .I—La Mort a ,Peyronnei I—Liberte.ou
'q Mort!--.This was too much for my cocker. He
lost his head, and charged the gendarmes en arriere
With his miserable old horse. I seized the reins and
Checked him, knowing how much he was compro-
raising our safety, but it was in vain, for rising, on
his feet, and flourishing his coquette over his head,
be roared with all his power Vive l'Empereur!
}leaven knows I am in no humour for provoking
but this. and a few other trifling incidents
will better prove the state of the city, and of the
Parties, than a full description.
betermined, as some imagined the gendarmes to
II at the time, I fancied I saw thus early symptoms
of fear and indecision among them. Still they fought
chwith certainty and desperation, but every moment
a; assailants were reinforced by boys, workmen,
". students, coachmen, and, in short, all classes.
4 n,e firing became every moment more sharp.
el returned home, and after dinner was making
bun"Y again to the Palais Royal, when I met a
t] of men in the Rue Vivienne, bearing the
Passed) theßue Colbert, where there was (war, in-
fri a Swiss post, their cries of vengeance were
bsfirliii. They took the body to the Place de la
uurse, stripped and exhibited it, surrounded by
tindles and Amid /it
slid i; -I unceasing cries of " Vengeance!"
Ater armer, aux alines I" The report of an
°.,e ud shot fell upon the ear at intervals; but, although
Ib.illoastreets were crowded, no other sound was heard,
11.1 those above mentioned. A little later and the
i!trns Were smashed, their long cords left dangling
the centre of the street, bringing to mind the
ten o'clock
use made of them 41 years before. At
atri',,e_teck the wooden guard-house of the Place de
ia ;Lurie was attacked, the gendarmea expelled,
e lue guard-house itself set on fire. A party of
the enu r Pompiers (firemen) arrived to extinguish
andbut they wouhl no disarmed.wed to act,
eauffered themselves to be
knee!". all the armor:rem', shops in Paris were
0,004,,ea, and every weapon carried off. At eleven
clock
comparative quiet reigned throughout Paris
d:t the nature of such a calm could not be' misun-s
11,011„ti°_°d:, At four o'clock in the morning the
beganto assemble at many points, but prin.
am) Rue St. Honore. The well-dressed
force': the preceding day reappeared, and rein-
fir) " but were outnumbered by the terrible men
ts.:,l9hieloPit.ubourgs of St. Antoine and Marceau.
t berms were approached, but no act of hos-
Ishif occurred up to ten o'clock. In the mean
bra i the
o rave of the ci-devanl Garde Nationale 141 assemble on the Boulevards, in the Place
0: Greve, and in other
death it defeated. Places, with the certainty
ant M
' .
At the erne tnomeni a new
dentsoorsiti im.pottant incident occurred. The stu-
sliseed
witier,cole. polytechnique, having been dis-
h) tvnt.,.tiitt their swords (lads of from fifteen
tearly 10/4
tni Years of age), joined the people
to different art"' then separated, proceeding singly
to take the command of the people,
rather top ec'eliye
it from them ; and nobly did
4berlortierP:Yo.tiimle confidence so placed in them. In
several points. The
force was brought to bear on
eiirriodoinA . The Hotel de Ville was attacked,
of lotiller became the point d'appui. The depot
wag ~
it?' in the Rue du Bac (Stahomas d'Aquin)
the lu y curried, and the cannon carried oil to
most hn
404155 Jortant points, and worked with amazing
tauths,
Theffeet for twelve hours by those heroic
!Y the 3A e Thuileries were attacked and defended
horn Wmet regiment of the Garde Royale (all of
Lho fired Pendent's); they were the first soldiers
la 7 day thone the people on Wednesday. Early in
thife oapeurs Pompiers surrendered. A
ron of the gendarmes soon afterwards
their example. I
,ut tote Iv, hole garrison
. should have said earlier
,c,ttet, eratrie
_receding of Paris had been ordered
night. The sth Regiment
'l,, the nereiti "‘ Make ready 1" to fire on the people
°HAIM. They did so. "-Present 11 14Mb

' and they turned their pieces on their Colonel, wait-
ing with singular coolness for the word " Fire !"
That officer immediately broke his sword upon his
knee, tore off his epaulettes, and retired. The people
threw themselves into the arms of the soldiers, who
received their embrace, but maintained their posi-
tion. " Vive la ligne !" (regiments of the line)
was, in consequence, during the night, and ever
since, a constant exclamation with the people.
At ten o'clock, I went to the Place du Carousel.
In the Rue Richelieu, and all the neighbourhood of
the Rue Sr. Honore, the parties were enlace. The
3d Guards maintained the appearance of determi-
nation to fight. The people were accumulating
frightfully. Not a word was spoken. The gar-
den of the Tuileries was closed. In the Place du
Carousel I found three squadrons of Lancers of the
Garde Royale, a battalion of the 3d Regiment of
the Garde, and a battery of six pieces, also of the
Garde. The Tuileries and Louvre were occupied
by a regiment of Swiss Guards. Unhappy men !
the example of former days was lost upon them.
They have perished !
A few soldiers of the Garde were eating their
breakfast—all the rest to whom I have referred,
were on the qui rive, ready to mount or fall in.
I passed on to the Quai du Louvre. The Pont
des Arts (a wooden bridge for foot-passengers oppo-
site the Louvre), and the Palace of the Institute,
were so crowded, that I turned, fortunately, to the
Pont Royal. At that moment a dreadful tiraillade
was heard in the direction of the Place de Greve.
It was answered by a rolling fire in every direction,
and in five minutes 15,000 of the finest troops in
the world found themselves engaged with citizens,
variously armed. Here was a small party of elderly
men, National Guards, who, with a sang froid only
equalled by that of the beardless students of the
Polytechnic School, opened their fire on the Garde
Royale—horse and foot, and artillery, French and
Swiss—taking especial care to avoid injuring the
regiments of the line, who remained grave specta-
tors of the slaughter that ensued. In another di-
rection might be seen the ferocious Federes of the
quarters St. Antoine and Marceau, with their pikes
of 1815, or other less terrible-looking weapons—
thousands of women and unarmed people looking
on and encouraging the popular party.
I have not time to do more than state the results.
For ten hours the war raged incessantly. On
every hand, without intermission, musketry rolled,
cannons thundered, shouts and cries were heard. I
proceeded to a remote. quarter of the town, which
I found quiet as on ordinary occasions ; but the cruel
certainty that death ensued among numbers of the
combatants every instant, the still more appalling
doubt respecting the event, the dread of danger
which menaced every man in Paris, and the doleful
tolling of the tocsin, produced sensations the nature
of which may be conceived.
I had sat for two hours, at a window overlook-
ing the city, with a Colonel of the Imperial Old
Guard. His face was immovable, but he spoke not
a word. His practised ear detected what I could
not have discovered, for, although a league and a
half from the Hotel de Ville, the first words he ut-
tered for two hours burst from his lips with a tone
of triumph—" NOUS aeons nn point d'appui
The Hotel de Ville had surrendered, and the new
sounds proceeded from the victors and the retreat-
ing enemy. The " line" (the regiments of the
line) fired no shot during the day. The 53d re-
fused to act. The cannoniers of the Guard gave
their pieces an angle of elevation which spared as-
sailants who spared not them, for the intention was
not ascertained.
The cavalry were cut up in a hundred charges.
The tri-coloured flag soon floated on the tower
of the Hotel de Ville, and on those of the Cathe-
dral (Notre Dame).
I am obliged to suspend details, and to be irre-
gular from hurry.
On Tuesday night Prince Polignac narrowly
escaped being made prisoner. His house was
roughly handled. On Wednesday night the cele-
brated Abbe de Fraysenous (Bishop of Hermopolis)
was arrested (I am assured). All the priests dis-
appeared during that day.
The Ministers all run oft save Debelleme, who
was thrown into prison for allowing some of the
journals to be printed.
At ten o'clock the Tuileries and Louvre still held
out, but at that moment I saw march along the
Boulevard part of a regiment of Lancers, whose
appearance indicated extreme fatigue. They were
quickly followed by a portion of a regiment of in-
fantry of the Guard. " These are new troops," I
observed to a military gentleman of experience;
" you know the regiments in the departments have
been called up to town." " ' Tir a retreat," said
be, " they are in fullderoutts—maric how the drums,
music, officers, and soldiers, are mingled; and, be-
hold, there is a wounded officer. They must be
sorely pressed, for see bow his leg bleeds, and is
still unbound. Many of them are, moreover, with
out shoes !"

A regiment (or the remains of a regiment) of
Cuirassiers, mixed up with (gendarmes de Chasse,
next followed—the horses cut up, and the men
fainting. Lastly, a portion of u regiment of the line
followed with a melancholy air. The remainder of
the three regiments first mentioned were dead, and,
as my friend guessed, the survivors, with some sol-
diers of a regiment of the line, were on their way to
join the King at St. Cloud, where they arrived in a
most confused state yesterday.
I find myself getting into details again, without
time to reduce them to order.

The attack on the Louvre and Tuileries was re-
newed early yesterday, and with success, but with
dteat slaughter. The Palace was pillaged ; the
ifferent barracks of the unhappy Swiss Guards
were carried in the course of the day, and the Swiss
(having refused to surrender) cut to pieces. A re-
giment of Hussars of the Guard marched in from
Orleans yesterday, but, hearing of the retreat of

those above mentioned, they gaited in the Place
Louis XVI., and in the course of the day retreated
upon St. Cloud, receiving a heavy fire on their way.
At four o'clock in the evening there was not a man
in arms against the people in Paris. The tri-coloured
flag waved once more over all the public monuments.
The joy was universal.
The appointment of General La Fayette to the
command of the National Guard was a happy cir-
cumstance-80,000 will be organized to-night. At
this instant the disarming of the rabble is in pro-
gress. There is a large boat at this moment re.
ceiving its melancholy freight of dead from the
Palace of the Louvre.

The Duc d'Orleans will be King. His son is
marching to Paris in aid of the bourgeois, at the head
of his regiment of Hussars. Genera) Gerard is at
the head of the armed force under La Fayette. The
Royal emblems and every mention of Royalty have
disappeared every where. The King of France,
whoever he shall be, must be a very limited monarch
to receive the approbation of the people.
Napoleon H. is in the mouths of all the lower
orders.

The newspapers will give you other particulars.
, The troops are assembling in the Place du Ca.
rousel, to march upon St. Cloud; but there will be
little fighting.
At the moment I write, there are placards posted
with these words—" No more Bourbons I"

JULY 31.
This is surely the most extraordinary nation on
the face of the earth. The day before yesterday
Paris was filled with 150,000 men engaged in mot tal
combat—its streets ran rivers of blood, and revel,

berated the thunder ofurtillery—the roll of muskt try
—the perpetual tapping of the pas de charge—the
tolling of the tocsin—the cheers of the combatants
—the shrieks and groom of the wounded and dying.
Yesterday morning all was calm. The military ser-
vice was performed with order and precision by
100,000 men, who never before this week figured
as seldiers—under the influence, to be sure, of those
heroic youths, the scholars of the Leole: Polytech-
nique, and the example of the National Guards. A
decent gravity reigned everywhere during the day.
At every instant were to be met men carrying on

biers such of the wounded as could be transported
to tile hospitals with safety ; 1,500 of all parties
are in the Hotel Dieu alone. While each of those
unfortunate poor fellows passed, every man present
spontaneously and most respectfully took off his
hat. The dead were also honourably disposed of.
The number in the Louvre was immense. Eighty
were borne to a spot opposite the eastern gate of
that building yesterday, and buried with military
honours. Nearly as many were put on board of a
lighter, and brought down the Seine to the Champ
de Mars, and there appropriately interred, A con-
siderable number, among whom were four English-
men, who fell on the preceding day, were buried in
the Marche des Innocens.
The evening was, if possible, more interesting
and imposing. Already had the principal portion
of the Garde Nationale been reorgan!sed, and with
" the people," the persons dignified by the superior
orders as canaille, been put in possession of all the
military posts of the metropolis, and occupied them
with the air of veterans. Along the quays and
streets the female inhabitants were to be seen seated
in groups preparing bandages and lint for the
wounded. The passages (arcades) afforded striking
instances of this benevolent disposition. All the
milliners, and their shopwomen and work women,
were to be seen sitting outside their shops (because
those being closed, afforded no light) busily en-
gaged in making lint.
Paris is so fortified interiorly that a million of
men would hardly suffice to carry it. I forget how
many thousand streets it contains, but every street
of them is capable of long and protracted defence
—the means for which, however, I do not feel at
liberty to describe.
The Ecole Militaire surrendered yesterday. The
artillery from Vincennes marched upon Sr.. Cloud.
The fortress itself remains in possession of the
King's troops. The Due de Bordeaux is said to be
there. Poor. child! I am sure he would not be
molested. , If menaced, he would certainly be pre-
served by the Garde Nationale, at the expense of
their lives—yea, even the commonest labourer
would answer for his safety, if he were thrown upon
him for protection. The Priests had all disappeared,
or, if visible, were disguised. The Provisional Go-
vernment caused them to be informed that they
were under the protection of the nation, and might
resume their functions in security. They have, in
consequence, all returned to their churches and
houses. A large force has assembled at Versailles
and St. Cloud, with the intention, it is said, of re-
maining there. They do not intend attacking Paris,
it is believed, but, if attacked, they will tight.
They occupy Mendon and Mount Vulerien (the
heights to the right and left of St. Cloud.) Several'
hundred soldiers of the regiment of the Guard are
said to have left their regiments within these two
days, and are to be met with in Paris with their
moustaches shaven off.
The number of men under arms this thy is com-
paratively small. The chateau of the Tuileries re-
mains in the hands of the brave fellows who took it.
If this were a subject upon which one could be plea-
sant, these extraordinary men would present ample
materials ; for, as you may guess, their costume is
various as their employments were from which they
rushed into battle. They are principally of the
working classes, and on Thursday night presented a
grotesque appearance. Here you saw a young fel-
low of 20 or 22, with a halberd of the time of Francis
the First, inlaid with gold, dressed simply in a smock
frock and trousers, and the casque of is Cuirassier on
his head. There you saw another, with a blue shirt
arid trousers, encumbered by the long sword of a gre-
nadier a cheval, and capped with the brass helmet
of a Pompier ; a pistol or two completed his ar-
mament. Farther off a negro in livery might be
seen en facliunnaire (us a sentinel), with a ca-
valry carbine, and the broad-sword of a Sapeur,
joked with occasionally upon his not being a While.
Walking up the Place du Carousel, you might see
a very fine young fellow, apparently a labourer,
his costume consisting of a canvass jacket mil
trousers—no stockings—wearing the feathered
cocked hat of a Marshal of France, said to be cap-
tured from the wardrobe of the King. At his
pride, too, his fellow-citizens laughed, which he bore
with the most imperturbable gravity ; and near to
him a man with the sleeve of the red coat of one of
the Swiss over his own, an Arenbishop's glove on
the opposite hem), and a Lancer's spear on his
shoulder. Among them are four Irish mechanics,
who arrived " fortunately" in Paris " that very
day," on their way to Charenton. The thing was net
to be withstood, so in they went with " the boys."
The loss of both parties on Thursday was
immense. It was evident to every man who saw
them that the French troops were dejected. Some
of them had not tasted food for thirty hours. They
fought, moreover, against their own countrymen,—
The poor Swiss had still more cause for dejection,
for they apprehended that no quarter would be
shown them. They'were wrong, for the lives of
all who surrendered were spared. The people
fought like lions.

At one point a woman, in the costume of her
sex, headed the bourgeois, and was the boldest of
the combatants, if degrees of bravery can be ad-
mitted in this most memorable conflict of modern
times. A woman, in man's clothes, fought at the
attack on the Swiss barracks in the Rue Plumet.
The 3d Regiment of the Guatd (Vendeans) fought
with extraordinary bravery and devotion. Many of
the Cuirassiers surrendered their swords. The
Lancers of the Guard—the finest body of men in
the country—fought with heroism and constancy,
but were dreadfully cut up. Many of them (private
soldiers) were young men of family. The manner
in which the Swiss fought, and the nature of the
engagement, may be taken from the following in-
stance :—A company of them defended one portion
of the Rue St. Honore. They were reduced to GO
when I sew them, and fought in three lines of single
files. The people occupied the whole breadth of
the street in front of them. The foremost Swiss
soldier would fire, or attempt to fire, and would fall
pierced with balls before he could wheel to gain the
rear. The same occurred to the next, and so on
until they had every one fallen. The contest
here,' at the Louvre, the. Tuileries, and at the
Place de Greve, was maintained with the most deadly
obstinacy. The Rue St. Honore, for two days, was
a perpetual scene of slaughter. There may be counted
in the front of a house, which forms the corner
of the streets. de Rohan and St. Honore, five
thousand shot-holes. The Louvre(except the Picture
Gallery—what a nation I) was on all sides attacked
and defended at the same moment, and for hours.
In the Court of the Louvre a field-piece was planted,
which commanded the Pont des Arts, being exactly

opposite the Instittite. Here the fighting wa4 so
dreadful, and so maintained, that the front of the

Palace of the Institute is speckled with musket and
grape-shot. One cannon ball only appears to have
been fired. It has smashed a portion of the wall,
and, from its elevation, must have Caused dreadful

execution in sweeping the bridge. The attack on
the Tuileries was not of as long duration ; it was
over it, two or three hours. A young fellow marched
on with a tri-coloured flag at the bead of the at-
tacking bourgeois. A thousand balls, fired from the
front of the Chateau, whistled by him without touch-
ing him. He continued to march with sangfroid,
but with, at the same time, an air of importance, up
to the triumphal -arch, and remained there until the
end of the battle.

The neighbourhood of the Hotel de Ville was the
theatre of a still more dreadful conflict. The people
occupied the Quai Pelleteir and the Place de Greve.
After a most sanguinary struggle, they were slowly
beaten from the Quay into the Place, which, with
the Hotel de Ville, they maintained against some of
the finest troops in the universe throughout the day,
and until those troupe retreated.

The Lieutenancy of the Kingdom is offered to
the Due d'Orleans. The King is said to have gone
to Lille. All the emblems of Royalty are removed,
and the names of streets referring to it are ex-
punged. The Deputies are again assembled this
moment at La Fitte's.

What ti deplorable act Was the iisuing of the Or.

I
donnance on Monday last ! What slaughter has
ensued ! What changes have been effected by it.
Respecting a renewal of the engagement, I repeat
my hope that it will not be attempted. Several of
the officers of the Garde Royale who fought on
Wednesday have resigned their commissions;
amongst others Count (I think) Latour du Pin,
giving as his reason his objection to fight against his
countrymen. If this example be widely imitated,
the affair will end without further bloodshed ; if not,
the contemplation is too horrible to be entertaine:l
for a moment.

The shops are still very generally closed, nctwith-
standing the proclamations of the municipality. As
you may suppose, much distress would be felt by the
people (being all unemployed) had not arrangements
been made for their subsistence. The families re-
quiring aid receive bread and other provisions. Tie
men on duty, in like manner, receive bread, cheese,
meat, and wine, which the different parties parade
through the streets, preceded by a drum.
The order that prevails reflects upon the peopl
and their chiefs the highest honour. The Nation
Guard will have immortalized itself by itsexent
plary conduct in protecting persons and property
from possible injury. To the credit of the Parisians
be it known, that amid all their excitement, no
foreigner has been insulted ; but I should exhaust
all terms of eulogy were I to dwell much upon the
valour of the French during the combat, and their
excellent conduct when even flushed with victory
over an obstinate and brave enemy.
Money is not to be had. The moneychangers
have all disappeared, so that foreign coin, or seen.
rities, ,cannot be turned into French specie.
On the evening of Wednesday an eagle (of one
of Napoleon's old regiments) was mounted over the
triumphal arch in the Place du Carousel, together
with the tri-coloured flag. The flag remains, but
the eagle has been taken down. The tri-coloured
cockade, or breast-knot, is general, not only among
the French, but Russians, English, Germans,
Danes, and other foreigners.

(FROM THE CITY AItTICLZ OF THE MORNING HERALD.)
The excitation in the City appears rather to increase than
otherwise. It is, however. the excitation of delight—not of
alarm. Every one lauds the patriotism of the Parisians, mid it
is no uncommon thing to hear even Tories declare that the dig.
nity, heroism, and moderation displayed by the French in re-
sisting the despotic ordinances of their late King, taking all
circumstances into consideration, arc unparalleled in the history
of the world. The stupid—not to say insane proceedings of
Charles are generally looked upon as exceedingly favourable to
the preservation of peace, inasmuch as they put out of the
question all idea of iiircign interference. Had lie acted with
more caution and cunning—had he permitted the Chambers to
meet, and suftbred them to have pursued what would have ap-
peared to foreigners a factious line of conduct, he would not
have beets less guilty, but he would have seemed so; and
those very people who now applaud the French for their resistance
would have, probably, blamed them for their intemperance, and
have been the apologists of their tyrant King. As it is,
however, he is universally condemned. The friends of
freedom condemn him for his designs against liberty,
and the adherents of despotism for the bungling manner
in which he attempted to carry them into effixt. Ile
has, therefore, no friends. All will shun bins, as a man too
weak, or too wicked, to be trusted. Upon these grounds,
alone it may be fairly inferred that the Continental Powers will
not interfere. But thcreare other reasons, quite as substantial,
for coming to the siune conclusion. All Europe assented to the
Charter—it was recognized even by the Holy Alliance; and, as
long as the King of France professed to govern by it, there would
have been some grounds fer their interference in support of his
authority. But he discarded the Charter, and, in doing so, he
fmfeited all claims to the assistance of his allies. There are
people Who profess to think that Charles will be able to find ad-
herents in Brittany, and that the torch of civil war will be easily
lighted up amongst the Vendeans. For our part we entertain no
such apprehensions. The Vendeans of IS:10 are, no doubt, a dif-
ferent description of people to the Vendcans of 1700. It is true
they did tight, and tight bravely, for the Bourbons ; but it is also
true that they gained nothing except defeat on the one hand,
and ingratitude on the other. The Vendeans will remember
these things.

(From the Times.)
PARIS, SATURDAY, JULY 31, Two O'CLOCK, P.M.
Another night of perfect tranquillity has passed. The King
was, though reports to the contrary were every where afloat,
at St. Cloud yesterday evening. It is confidently stated that he
has departed this morning for Lille. Since I wrote yesterday,
true thatin yt heti
the state of the city as to order has been hourly improving.
Proclamations have been constantly issuing from the authori.
ties, exhorting the people to moderation and decorum ; and I
must continue to do them the justice to say, that they have com-
furitnlitso
pletly washed away the stain cast on the French name by the
oAerecuhrbreisnheoesp,ostpfolarreelrcuperaitodtasekoefdc,oanryldulstihoen,
or sent to the Hotel Dieu for the wounded ; here tome friars had
tired upon the populace front the windows. A good deal of plate
was thrown along with the furniture into the Seine, and the au-
thorities had directed it to be searched for, anti a part has been
already lodged in the Hotel de Ville. The feeling of honour
,among the people as to not appropriating any thing which may
have fallen into their hands for their Inuit 'dual use, has been most
remarkable. One man who consideml he had a right to a watch,
has been shot. A few who were suspected of having appropriated
to themselves some eflbets of the officers of a large depot of gen.
dames *ere stripped, and some of their clothes burnt, along with
-the epaulettes, furniture, &c. of the officers. Where officers, sol-
diers, &c., surrender their posts, their property has been pre.
served. Some of the stewards at the Tuileries state that the
mischief and loss of property there during time assault, may
amount to about 100,900 francs. One wine-cellar escaped
altogether. Some precious articles, as Sevres vases, were seen
tumbling out of the windows, along with feathers of most costly
price, birds of Paradise, &c. Notwithstanding this,. every thing
considered, the Palace escaped wonderfully well. Some articles
of value which had been removed wcre deposited at the Hotel
de Ville. The picture of the Coronation of Charles was the only
one injured—that was entirely destroyed. A statue in silver,
of Henry IV: while a boy, and a colossal statue of Peace, in
silver, were not touched. The bust of Louis XVIII, was for a
moment removed, but it being recollected that he gave the
Charter, it was, by a good feeling, restored to its place. The
Louvre, and the great collections which it contains, were placed
under the protection of the artists of Paris. A building near
the Palace, containing Crown property, jewels, &c., to a vast
amount was not touched.
The Duke d'Orleans' Palace, for two days, in the midst of
the firing, suffered no otherwise than from the marks of the
bullets tired at the Guards, who attacked the people from the
building. I believe that I gave you to understand clearly that
time King's troops were deflated altogether by a spontaneous
movement of the people, without having chiefs to direct them.
Here and there, it is true, students from the Polytechnic school
(young men generally from la to 10) were to be seen guiding and
giving counsel, and they distinguished themselves by their
bravery ; and they wear a uniform, anti from their school, for
many years, engineers, civil as well as military, have been fur-
nished, and sonic officers to the line, who have distinguished
themselves in Napoleon's campaigns and 'subsequently. The
forte on the side of the people has bent constantly increasing
by desertion f"ona the various regiments—even from the Royal
Guards.
The national colours, now generally adopted, are to be pre-
served. The 3d of August is looked for as to bring (far-
ther confidence, as that is the day on which the _Deputies are to
assemble. General Gerard is at the head of the troolss of time
Hues at a point beyond the Hospital of Invalids. There all
stragglers, as well as old Officers are directed to join him. Some
--or rather, indeed, a good many—of the roost violent among the
people and street-orators are altogether against the 'fondats ;
but it is evident that the mass wish to go no farther than oh:_
brining modifications, concessions, and securities ; a republic
does not, at least publicly, seem to be contemplated. The Jour-
nals, indeed, all speak of such a step as impracticable. The
streets, since yesterday, are crowded to excess with people going
about from curiosity ; the fair sex out.number, I believe, the
men. It is amusing to see them, in full dress, skipping over wet
ditches, huge paving-stone defences, or creeping through the
trees laid hastily across the streets. The assemblages of armed
people far outdo, -In grotesque appearance, whatever lidgarth
has painted. Charcoal-men with cuirasses on,—lads of tender
frame wish heavy helmets and muskets—the well-dressed man,
making it a pctitit of honour to place himself in the ranks with
them, perhaps with only a pocket pistole—and the wholedirected
by the will, perhaps, of an old-fashioned drummer, elated with
the importance of his station.

PAU'S, MY al.
The newspapers have given you the text of the proclamations
which gave rise to the most extraordinary insurrection, as to its
mode and consequences, that ever was known. Pitney nearly
th 4,000 of the finest troops In the world beaten bark and driven
completely out of Paris, by what we in England call the mob,—
the capital given up as It were to this armed and infuriated no.
pulace, and they themselves executing summary justice on the
violation of private property. IVednesday arid s hursday were
truly awful days ; for thirty.six hours we heard nothing but the
roaring of cannon, and the constant discharges of musketry,
Tire Palais Royal, Rue Richelieu the Qua's, the Placede Greve,
and the Porte St. Denis, were the points of combat. Boys—.
women—all were equally engaged, anti the result has been, that
about 8,000 of the Royalist troops have retreated to St. Cloud,
where Charles X.. rim is. The reports are of a most terrifying
nature: one states that the heights of Montmartre and Chau.
wont are covered with eannone—another that there are thirty
thousand soldiers at St. Cloud, ready to march on the capital..
Paunder -s
ris is in its interior as calm as the moment that precedes a
ttorm : at every hundred paces, and in every street,
the pavemeet has been taken up to form barricades ; almost
every house is a citadel, and armed with large stones where other
arms are wanting : the trees on the boulevards are cut down and
strewed across the road. You can conceive nothing more extra-
ordinary than the aspect of things. The loss of human life has
been droadild. There Is no mode at present of calculating the
amount of the slain. 1 feel conv'siced that I cur within bounds
when I say, that from MOO to 10,000 persons have been killed,
To detail .to you, or to give you a alight idea of the splendid
actions of gallantry turd devotedness which have distinguished
the affairs of this week, would take up snore time than I can di, pose of. But be assured, that England may be proud of such a
noble ally. God send that they may be ever united in arts and arms, and civilize the world! The last proclamation ti•om Sr. Cloud states Paris to be in a state of siege, and enjoins the Duke of Ragusa (Manumit) to treat it as such. E
hvery one is, there-
fore, t Ragusa
king of the hest means of taking care of his family or
imself. A bombardment Would be horrible, 1 trust that this
revert is groundless,
v.s. The tri.eoloured flag is waving on every public establish.
went, The Tuileries and lAuvre were carried by the lads of the
Polytechnic School.

From a press of other matter, we are unable
to give our promised report of what took place yesterday
at the Fteerna4ons' Tavern, with regard to the origin and
-o gress of the Bristol ElectiOn. We shall, therefore,
content ourselves with stating, that the meeting, which
WM numerous and respectable, way got up for the purpose
of supporting the interests of Mr: PROTHEIWE ; that Mr.
mAttonitt entered at length into a history of the Bristol
Election, and observed that the result would show wile-
thee the horrid systetn of slavery was or Wri4 not to be
longer encouraged by the great emotes cial city of Bris-
tol, Mr, Eames is the candidate put forward against
Afr. Pasyruntnau ; the former gentleman being a staunch
advocate for slavery, and the latter its as staunch opponent.
We need nut add that we heartily with Mr. PutriltritoE
SUOOSS. The negro emancipation, that be sta alsiritvdly
UphOhlti, datiervea every encouragement.

PKICES OF STOCKS THIS OAT AT ONt O'CLOCK.
fink Stock
3 per repit. Bed. i4llooA' Old Annuities -
3 per Cult Cons. 00M4 %14 New Ditto 90%
3,4 per t 7rp t O4) Ex. Bills, ..0 lASI 21. 73 74 pip
Di t ' Red. 945(400411)itt0 lid. 73 74 pm
New :l! pert eut. 101.14.:14 TX ;ii..'-,i i Bilto 50021. 73 74 pa,
4:per Cent. 18213 104N-)4 i Ditto
14 ms 1... Ann. Itili 5-1511)itto .'mall 2l. 73 75 pm.
Ditto 30 years lB 15-161 Ditto lid. 73 75 pm
)it to 30 years -
)itto Bonds 75 77 pin. Cons. for Aug 20 YO!si 74 ‘,4 IS
-------- -
