!A_

Fli' t,LVCIP 2,4 PP:RS.

PARIS, I>gc.;.--tg, igtn.
;•
• CONSEItVATIVIOEN A T
• 'Cr THE 131114DLCEMBI3tl.
The Sciine. wet tit.' three in tht• :ittt.rtiofin ; hi
1:-1ii0fness the Prince Arch-l....:tianctilor pre-
iid.ng.
',rho Count de Sernonville, in the 'tante of a Se.
lea Cottnittk..e, consistii,g, besides the Reporter,
a the Counts Gantlet., Colctien, Lappavent, and
Qouvion, presented the following detail on ill,
projet of the Senatus Consulion-3, containing the
:4 mesanon of Holland, the Ittnse Tuwas, and the'
Simplon.

" SBNAToItS,
cc The
the
to whom ,6,0 u referred the
proj.l of the Senoras Consulturns relative to the an-
tteiation of Holland and the Harem Towns to the„
French territory, have charged me to lay before you
the moat etrvhitch call for the adoption of 'measures
of.. so great an interest.
" During the course of the labours of the Com-
mittee, one leadiug idea principally impressed our
Minds: we have not ceased to feel astoniShed, War
events, commanded by so many different circum-
stances, had been so long deferred. •
" In reality, Senators, from the period when our
vidorious armies snatched Holland from the three-
fold oppieasion of. the coalesce) Powers, she lOst
that existence which Frederic had designated ts ith
so much energy and truth ; she ceased to 1e a bark,
by tarns' in tow of the two great ships of war—
France,oad An gland; her crew,to continue the com-
parison, were turned over to our ship ; Brabant
formed a part of our territory, and Holland was
irrecoverably, conquered. There has not passed
since, a single day, when lit r union with the French
woold not hate been a benefit ; and we say
it with confidence, ati invaluable, benefit, since she
svoula-have been spared a long series of privation's,
of losses and of misfortunes.
" Bor sot b is the empire of habit and of aelf-love
over, nations as well as individuals : 'the changes
wloCir strike their eye in all 'that surounds them, to
vain omoid them, ut tlVir win tier:One) they boot
repel the secr-t eohVictiun Which 't)ursues thein„—,
4 blind wain-Amt aierts their eyes fai t the lessons
Of ex.etiencs, and they, ini.ikt.thi.ir close wore latal
by their eiforot to ward it off.
our colours were flostiug
,over the whole Pia-,
taviau territory ; the pr izinis c.f Eo,:sild
the slits which they bithely so;ti to the enemy Its
ipc7,-,rpor,iiim with Brener, the associntiott of the Ba.
heir' brothers -to irlgiuctl, ought to
!Oise been the first of their wishes, the most. lites 4
jog or their wants.
The public debt, wkeh had not then received
that irnmeose inctealie to Which it, latterly tooved,
moo owe been entirely saved horn Silipkvreek ;
Vast comnomications of cooomerce might have been
opilit:d with France ;etiortrlus chargrii Would not,,
for finarrt ye;aS„' have wtighetl dew II these
outitriO. ; and fur what ? to obtain the bars
yen hollow of oCovertinient pretendedly.tertional, as"
if a naiiiih could exist where there was neither in-:
t.lopeodence, nor army, nor territory susceptible of
defence.
" Those times are passed, when the conceptions
of !i'nc'ite Statesmen wive , authority, in slio public
opinion, in the system of balances, of goaramees,
efcounterpoise, of political equilibrium. Poropont
Plosions of catioets of the second order ! viaions of
imbecility I which all disappear before necessity,
that proiser which regulates the duration and the
tun; tl !alit Its of empires,.
\Vookt not the soccesrtive Gm/enures-its of Hols.
Eared, in a thousand instaoces, have been •subser•
viola to internal agitations, to the talons of England,
had not the force of the Leo:ltch empire been con•
to trotiotain audio defet('
statoly aOting upon them
them
" And when England affionted Prance by sup.
posingahat this force was absent, because 'the Em-
peror was Meditating victory and peace on the batiks
of the Datiohe; that could hate re.
pulled the fleet, trod the British legions assembled to •
re-commence the oppression and disgrace of. the
Helder ?
" Certainly not : trntits so manifest require nei-
ther proof tier example. Holland, like the H ink;
irooms, -would r..noint the prey of uncertainty, of.
dangetio of revolutiona, of oppressions Of every,
kind, if• the genius who decides the
.destinies of
Earot 6 did not cover her with hire invincible aegis.
The Emperor has reselved bit Ilia wiSdoni, to
corporate 'them with the immense family of which
Leis the head.
.
•'doopting this- grand resolttOori, perhaps he
himself obeys, mbre than-he is aware of, tire laVtr of
oeCtgSity.
It`he cornmaods the glory of times present, the
events which preeeded his coming 0/lemma thoie
of his teignsthist unit terrupted successitrn of causes
tsrid tarok, which fOrtn tho hiitOty ot nationa aid
the deStioy of their chiefs. That of the "Napoleons
Wait() reign told to conquer"', vitiory beibhgs to him,
war to Ins age.
" Aniong the Wars recorded in our biAtoiy, there
is not one during which the jealous rivalry of Eng.
hind has not been the direa cause of• our troubles,
our misfortunes, our dangers—of our energy, our .
cOnahata, out cuoquests. • , • ,
" In , the. feudal times,. England divided onr
l'i itices, kept• our vassals in pay, ravaged our fields;
sew foresaw that . the throne of their Sovereigns
would one day be the first in the Universe: driven
batik to her ishouts, she ev:ry where sought for
at engers of her quarrel ; Germany, Italy, theSpaios,
ttorober but 'few clues where combats have 00t been
frodoutined during 300 years for the cause of Eog-
" To hear her; our kings made pretensions to
unior,almonareby after the siege of Rochelle, the
works of Toulon, and the shrreoder. of Conway,
The Most reiaos could not impose
silence on her nor lull asleep her hatred..
!niter eves tire French people were al a as s tho same
t her only. wanted ;cireumstancea and a chief, to re-
Anne.tite: name of Gfeat.

A total suhver,ion Was ltecessary to the rojedl of
England; she wished for a bloody revolution, be,
cause her-own had been eruct, and because acnidst
our discords, it struck, at, %k ith the same stl (YAt,
Izroth our industry and ritir institutions; both OW
Fonquerors and the completed ; troth the people arid
gthe dynasty. All Ettrope was summoned to ibis
work of destruction ; every where repulsed--..every
where thrtateued—tienoling for herself—she stop •
ped short in presence of the conflagration lighted
up by the fire-Lit ands of the British Cabinet. At
last,,after ten years of a woggle, glorious for France,
the most .e,xtraort:inay genies eVer lot mod by na-
ture in her rrognltitettoe, celleeht in his triumphant
nands the scattered fragments of the ccp:ru of
Chat le mope.
" Tito te;wies of France are avenged ; frontiers
compai,ied by,mocieratioo and anted out by tnure,
are the trophies raiie.'d to the 'happiness of her people,
to the tranquility of Europe.
", The Emperor proposes peace, Vain hope of a
great soul ! Thr:ce the ci.y of alarm was raised on
ull sides thrice one t iClory led only to others ; and
peace, alwoys, offeled, always dennin.led, and as it
were pur.tted, re&red before our eagles to the ex-
tremities of Europe.
" In those shocks of-which human prudence mi-
nor moderate dici-effeos, empires of the first reek
ate overthrown from their !emulations ; small States
,disappear ; we have seen the Gothic supporters of
the European edifice tumble down of theinselve,,
without the possibility of th.:ir being.rt.built on the
same plan ; and had not the geniasot order advanced
with a step equal to that of armies, it would no
longer have been war, but anarchy and death which
the eighteenth century had bLyseathtd to its succes-
Lints.

" Does the Conqueror retccive from the height
of his car n.ttions noit.'d by ancient ; he
seeks out faithful princes, he creates' tor.titem cutn•
non interests, he entrusts to 'them the,dcsiiiiics of
tho-o regenerated Oates of which he h.'s declared
himself the prote6tor.
" But where all forms of Government have been
tried in vain ; whole tho z!ggre.gtitions, are totk,small,
or destitute of stuticient principles of adhetiion to
form masses ;
.wheie localities would intallibl'y sub-
jeti'men and
.thing~ to the diica amion of avarice,
ot the attacks or 'tort t ue of the, i.er„,,t
France-; -t bete thc trout cut of the empire commands
. the union to the victottous nation, of those portions
of it*centrutists, to prevent their inrvitabie dissolu.

And in the deliberation in which you are oc-
cupied, the question should be put thus :-71-1011:tud
cc 04.1 ,It e: being incapable of existing.
lay.themseit vs, ought they to belong to Engl,nd or
to France I

We 4,11:111 scorch in vain fur a third alterna-

~ 11'C.

I'hat inheritance of tivalry, always increasing
by the importance of the itoorysts, as well as by
Of the masstes ; our generation, Senators, bag'
succeeded to, without being able to reject a single
liortiouout, IL
It is no. longer two mules who combat on the
plains of Font.Moy ; it is thin empire of. the -Seas
which still reskts that of t hi' Continent ; a me4nor-
, able terrible situgo,let and of which the catastrophe
perhaps not far distant, w,.11 long occupy the “tten-
,, ton of future gent rations.
" Let "lid, pOhreal writers of Eng.
land ; their alarms confirm this truth, still less,
however,, than the desperate measures of its. go.
valtirient ; it it were not led 03 by the imminence
of its danger, would it have dared, in the presence
of civility(' Europe, to tear the compact of honour
and of eternal justice, which conne6ted neutral '
powers with the 141ligerents ? One would believe,
to reading the acts ut the Eaglislt Ministry, that
the law ut nations exists no lunge' ; and who,
then, has substituted for its principles,
the excess and the violence of barbarism ? Eng. '
hind.

" So early as 174, her first attempts upon the
imprescripobie rik;lt of Nations compelled Sweden
and Denmark to defend them by the development
of an armed neutrality. Some years later, tae 28th
Feb. 1780,
~England pushed her endeavours still
hi liter •' Russia saw no safety (or the honour of na-
tions and that of Sovereigns, but in a public exposition
of the maxims acknowledged by all civilized people;
she proclaimed the conditions on which her neutra-
lity was to depend
That neutral ships silould navigate, freely
from port to port, and on the coast of nations at
war.

That property belonging• to. the subjetls of
powets. at war, SlPapld G. Ire:.e on board neutral
ships, with the exceptii,n of coiltratmcid:,
That sodeteriiiine what chayAterises a
port, that designation
,Bthool4 only, he gke
;to such into wind) their teas an evident danger
,of entering, in rco,,s,..?inviteit of ar pi of the at-
lackipg, power Dina stationary and sufficiently

" Such were hictially the declarations in which
the Calyuet of St. Petersburg laid dovtn the rights
01 all Suvcreigint.
Eilgimici, replied by...Ai-owing otc the mask ; and
sigs.ried to the States of fiullana, that the flag does
not cover the prot,eny,
" From that penod she thotaglit herself able, with-
out danger as without obstacle, to give lull swing
to her usurpations.
" it was necessary to wait for a period when
powerful reprisals would compel her to return to
justice.
That day is arrived ; the Decrees of Berlin and
Milan ure the reply to her Orders in Council. The
British Cabinet has, SO to speak, (belated them to
France.

(g Europe receives theth for her code; and that
code shad be the palladiunt at the seas.
“ Let Englaitd.abjure her madness ; in her re-
instate netwals in their rights ; justice has never
ceased to demand this of her, It site had not re-
*led the counsels and the °tiers of moderation,
what dreadful consequences might she not .have
avoided ! And to confine ourselves to the subject
of our present deliberation, she, would not have

fur .d L Flante to eiiiicli herself by the pork and the
a, Is of Holland ;
,the Ems, the WeScr,, antic the
,
E be, would not have towed under; our dominion ;
and we should not live seen the first country-of the
Gaols washed by rivers, vibited by au internal navi-,
galion 16 semi which were unknown li7 thent.
" Where still are the boundaries'. of possibiiity ?,
Let, England answer' it. Lvt her meditate on:ibe
past, let her learn the future. France and Napo-
, , .
Icon IA ill never change. '
, , . ,
" Your Committee unanimously propose the
Senatai Consultu in be adopted."
, ,
The Censcrvative Senate; assembled in the nuM-
ber.ot, members prescribed by Article XC. of the -
Ail of the Constitution 0(.1799,, having taken into
i:s consideration the Message of his Majesty the
Empetor and King of the loth Of December, and
the Report -of their 'Special Cotornission thereon,
decrees, that the following address be presented to
his Majesty by the President and Secretaries:—
" Stutt,The deot h and extent of your plans, Ore
ct:ndour and generosity of your' policy, and )otls .c6o-
stant anxiety for . Nit prosperity of your sutOds,
have neker been manite,ted inure strongly than in
your Imperial and Royal Majesty's message to the
Senate. .

" the orders of the British Council have not, only
rent in pieces_ tht. public law or Europe, bin have
also violated those natural la4s, which are as old
mid as eternal as the' globe. Nie tire herself has
placed the seas beyond the dominion of man,' He
may pass over, but he cannot 'maintain possession of
them and to affeat to 'rule an element which sur-
rounds the 'habitable globe on every side, is no-
thing less than a daring attempt to hold the, old and
_
the new of Id in captivity, ;rod to fix a disgraceful
mark of slavery on all
" Such is Le , s icriiegooas attempt against
which your i\laje-ty unites all the Worts of pair
power. JuStly ludiguant :Europe applauds and se7
coods you. ,

Already does this •restless and turbulent Go-
vernment, wnieb,had.exeMed five successive coati-
tiOns againSt Fiance, destioyed in a moment by
your victorious; anti, see all ihc.tiations of the. Con-
tificin leagued avaiost her, and her vesiels repelled
from cvery p;;, t, It can no longer -"keep up its
inteimil circulation, but by a fictitious
oritS fOreign trade but..by smuggling. The only
allies which it, has on earth. are fanaticism and
sedu i0t1..•

" Persevere, S'te, in ibis sacred war, undertaken
for the honour of the French ,napyti and the inde-
pendence of nations. The day on which this war
ends will be the era of the peace of the World.
" The,measures proposed by your Majesty will
accelerate that period ; since your only enemies art
to be.,. found on rite ocean, it is necessary for you to
render yourself master of all the pi.itts by e.'hich the
ocean has counnunication wits, the interior pro-
vinCes of your empire.
. • •
" In the midst of these. military and: political
operations, you:: benevolent solicitude:los inspired'
you with the td t of reviving that• norciern
which has been for ho long a time the fruitful source
of encouragement arid prosperity tri French industry.
The productions of the South of the Einpire will be
conveyed by alto and easy routes the portsof
the Baltic, and the' knots of the treaty of Tilsit will
be drawn closer by this new tieof nations.
" 'The couircripts ut tt3 tl, under the impulse of
tioniinr, of allettion, and cf gratitude, will, with
a proud satisfaction, rani,,ie themselves around your
triumphant r eagles, atld esteem themselves Ga
floured in paving the glorious tribute which every
Frenchman awes to his Sovereign and his country.-
" Ir is evident that your Majesty's paternal
heart feels regret in demanding this tribute, but
you. have wherewith to console, yourself in the te.
nation that the prosperous,: situation of your
finances will allow you Hot. to require any saert-•
flees from your people!

" The Senate, Sire, in offering you the homage of
their devosednvss, love,. and unshaken fidelity, only
express to you seuttments which are fit by all
your htlbjeaS.

" The- Preikient and Secretaries,
CAMBACCRE4„
Pi Inca Arch-Chancellor of the Empire.
" CORNET, I+% JAUCOURT."

Co URI'S- .777,1

v

- •
Tuesday mo-ni.1%,. a Court-Uortial-commeacdog'
tPardAlis Majcsty's ship Gladiator, at Porto wail,
1-14liGOOD, Pret.iiktot), for'the
AVILLIAAI GLCOtt.it: CAIILISLF.
iate ar:thig Cooloiander of-los Nia:le•tve sUiPil4
Porboise,, in New Sinitic Walei, (01. i oil whoa'
t.utuinarithut his Nbjeitt)'s ships devotved ott d}
;suipe.osion Capr:o Wtt.m. M lhiGti, Litt! 60
1101. of that ter; trovy), itt cotoctiuetwe „;
4exerckeil Eris ovu joeignlerit in procc,dwg to re
I ie,ve 'i.kprotleot Setilemcnti whet; :.;1 ccfnar',',
oicaoou, Was cut off between hitu ard 11.1
Capt. 131i0h.
3 bi

[lie charges preferred against it:e pritiOner
Cttptain.BLl Gli were,
haviog sailctt from l'ort facison wittly°
Orders.
Flaying hauled down the oroseent‘O's broad 10,10.1!
.whiclt, be was orth.tted to *eep ri) its;; ou uoust his tvluY'ltd:
i'Orpoise. then 0ut.14:1- Iris Lual.a.anci.
ing torseas without his v:ders, or) Jul pertiin duly :sitar')"'
)0y(... the Same.
3tll For h.irtng perinittod L.:cute:raw jaws S)10.01$
(1111 z ItH ?$.l-9esty's bervitc anti Carry mono dispoinri
tiie person, woo had us.aipect t Governntent, liOi 4
preneounti; Ono Inlit tannsoig lino to punisiiitnot.
In support of these a ltarges, the 'prasecutorcl"e,
Giatmx, his Secretary, then closed the Pruf,
cation by delivering in *about noun the follot"li
Witten paper to die Cubit :
" 11Ir. PIiSDENT arid GIiNTLEgCN,
" 'raking it for granted that the Court wrilly.
think ;it right to enquire into the propriety ere,
propriety of dispossessing ore 01 tire Civil 'luVerit
Went ot the 'territory ,of New South Wales, 5
is. to be made • the subject of invesugalloll,„l,
fore another tribunal, an the Lords Conlittis:olo
ers of the Admirdity direeted me in trairriO4
charges upon the-present occasion to co Aiai.:lll:-.1
to those points which were in breach of N4,j,
Articles of War, I have 'lo4fllloler ,vicknce lotr`w,./
the Court with : should, however, the
his defence upiin that ground, and the Coort
iGit
i right to enter iuto the inquiry, they will, I Iruo
hereafter permit Ule to call v. iinesses to a°s°l'r
„,ig,
ally charge which may be attempted to be
bushed against me in justification of that tile 3•
rU
Until iio.ir what tirey are, it is, impossible ,0
„Answer them; and to enter by anticipation iiii
,
general history cat tau Go‘',e'ruilient, would, 1
latoti, tie an unecessary waste ot time to tile
• (Signed} Wat. nt.16,11'0
Licti1,!ZI;;;11 K.e:ir was to comwet)Ce Iris JCI
on Wcl/4111Ltti.ly ping.
A Court-Martial eta', held an IVlonday
the Salvador del ...4lutodo, at Plymouth., 'ti r
of .W 31. SULLIDGA,
.Sur,";con. or the V/11C0) rt 1411.;,'
for, unollicer-like ungelitlemanly cunduCtr 11. ;II);
ingirtirlicef Lit:tut. IVltrit a'Av, 'Of the Nillritt Elie;
iuiae, at 'the Mesii,:tahle. Tile: charge bei"g
Ant was :sentenced to be ,el itilisit;tl twin Ow.- 4)
and to be confined.'re months in the
prison.'' made a long but actt:O°7
