COLERAINE ELECTION.

Mr. HARDY brought up the report of the Committee
appointed to try the merits of this election. The Com-
mittee reported that Sir John Poer Beresford was not duly
elected ; that Mr. Alderman Copeland was du'y elected ;
and !hit neither the petition nor opposition was frivolous
or vexatious.

Mr. GROTE presented a petition from Bread•street
Ward, praying for a reduction in the expenditure of the
country, and for a repeal of the house and window taxes.
Also petitions against slavery, and for an alteration in
the laws affecting forgery. The Hon. Member also pre-
sented a petition from the inhabitants of the parish of St.
Andrew, Holborn, complaining of the heavy amount of
poor rates, and of the great proportion of extra-parochial
property in that parish. He trusted that his Majesty's
Ministers, in any amendments they might propose in the
poor laws, would have this particular grievance well
considered and looked to.---(Hear.)
On the motion that the petitions do lie upon the table,
Mr. OLIPHANT begged leave to inquire of his Hon.
F. iend the Member for Ayr, when it was his intention to
bring forward the Scotch Entail Bill. It was a matter
of much importance, and it was desirable that those
Members who were interested in the measure should have
a full opportunity of discussing it.
Mr. KENNEDY said it was his earnest desire to bring
the measure forward in such a way as to affird a good dis-
suasion. There was, Hon. Members must be aware, much
difficulty in pressing forward any measure in the present
session, and it might be a question with some whether it
might not be better to postpone the Bill until another ses-
sion ; but he was so deeply impressed with the necessity
of avoiding all delay, that he had determined to bring the
matter forward on Friday the 24th inst., when he hoped
there would be a full and satisfactory discussion.
After a few words from Sir JOHN HOPE and two other
Members, the petitions were laid on the table.
COLONEL EVANS AND SIR J. HOBHOUSE.
Colonel EVANS rose and said, I am anxious to put a
question to the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr.
Ellice), Secretary at War, and I can assure him that
I do so with all respect for the office he holds,
and not from any want of good feeling. The
question is, in fact, one of great public importance,
and not merely of personal interest. During a recent
contest a statement appeared in the public prints assign.
ing the power to the person holding the office of Secretary
at War, to remove any officer of his Majesty's service
at his pleasure, from his Majesty's half-pay list. That was
the general bearing of the statement. But since then an-
other statement has been put forth, to a certain extent
correcting that interpretation. Undoubtedly, Sir, the
persons who report the public proceedings in this
great city are well known to do so with great ac-
curacy and precision. But, at the same time, during
the time of elections of great magnitude and im-
portance, when the Press takes a decided part, they are
not generally very scrupulous—at least some portion of the
Press is not very scrupulous in the mode they adopt, in
order to carry their object into operation. Therefore, Sir,
I am bound to assume that it was in consequence of some
war of feeling or partizanship that this statement
was first made to appear. But in the correction after-
wards given, the assumed power of the Secretary at War
so remove an officer on the army half-pay list, with-
out reference to any cause, was most distinctly
disclaimed. I ♦enture to think that this House will agree
with me, that this is a most important matter, and that the
question in regard to it should be correctly ascertained,
both with regard to the situations of those holding com-
mis-ions under his Majesty, and to the freedom of election
and the privileges of this House. I have therefore risen,
not with any factious motive whatever ; indeed, I con-
sider it important that Government should have an op-
portunity of explaining their view of this question, be-
cause every officer h, Wing commissions ander the Crown—

The SPEAKER here said the Hon. and Gallant
Member must put the question.
Colonel EVANS then said, I wish to know whether
the Secretary at War has the power to remove at his
pleasure any officer on his ftLijesty's half-pay list ?
Mr. ELLICE said he had nohesttation in answering the
question put to him by the Hon. and Gallant Colonel. If
unfortunately it apnearea necessary toGovernment to remove
any such officer, it would be the duty of the Secretary at
War to take his Majesty's pleasure on the subject, and he
(the Secretary at War) would be responsible for the
advice he had given. He had searched the records of the
War-office, and if it was any satisfaction to the Hon. and
Gallant Colonel to know it, he would state that there was
no case of an officer in existence bring removed from the
half-pay list of the army, who had not been removed for
some offence relative to his moral character.

Col. EVANS—Then I undelsrand, judging by the
practice, that the power I have referred to, is not vested
in the Secretary at War. _ _ _

Mr. ELLICE was anxious not to be misunderstood. If
a case unfortunately arose that, in the opinion of the
House, called for the removal of an officer, Ministers
would advise his Majesty to that effect, and it was
within the province of the Secretary at War, to tender
his advice to his Majesty on the subject, but for that ad-
vice he would he responsible.
Colonel EVANS repeated his wish to know distinctly,
whether the power rested in the Secretary at War or not?
Lord ALTHORY said the Crown had oridoubtedly the
prerogative of strikihg off any half-pay officer, and it a
case should occur when in the opinion of Government
that ought to take place, it was the duty of the Secretary at
War to address his Majesty for the exercise of that un-
doubted prerogative. But he was at the same time
responsible for his advice.

NORWICH ELECTION.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT presented a petition from
the electors of Norwich, praying for an inquiry into the
cases si b.ibery which had occurred there at the last
election.

Lord STORMONT said that this was a contemptible
petition, which had been scouted by all the respectable
inhabitants of Norwich. The parties had already had
their case tried before the proper tribunal.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said that the Noble Lord
might have spared his description of the parties who bad
provoked
in rovohkis bandsedthi
sptevteirt;eoans,
rfieisrp
chtea gentlemenbie asany in the county of
Norfolk. He did not wish to disturb the Noble Lord in
his seat now, hut to have the bribery which had been com-
mitted without the Nobl Lord's knowledge punished.

(PRICE 7D.)

Mr. YOUNG, seeing the Vice-President of the Boats
of Trade in his place, wished to ask what were his inten
tions with respect to the ten Bills on the orders of th
day relative to the customs, warehousing of goods, &c.,
materially affecting the shipping interest, as the gentlemen
in that interest were exceedingly anxious on the subject.
Mr. P. THOMSON thought if the Bills were post.
potted for a fortnight, or three weeks, great convenience
might result. As to the merchants, shipowners, and
those connected with the shipping interest, feeling
great anxiety on the subject, he could only say that
it was perfectly well understood that the pre-
sent Bills were only brought forward for the pur-
pose of consolidating the different statutes on the subject.
When the Bills got into Committee, he should probably
make some alterations in them ; but every opportunity
should be given to Hon. Members of knowing what those
alterations were to be.

Mr. YOUNG could pr&ve to the Right Hon. Mem•
ber, that if the Bills now brought forward were to pass,
property would be allowed to be imported, that was not
under the proper statute.
Mr O'CONNELL moved the postponement of the
issuing of the writ for the borough of Carickfergus, till
the 6th June, on which day be should move for leave to
bring i❑ a Bill to di,franchise that borough.
On the motion of Mr. BERNAL, the issuing of the
writ for the borough of Her,tford was postponed to Fri-
day se'nnight.
