UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

C.aunnumr, FED. 24.—At a Congregation on Wednesday
last the following degrees were conferred :
Bachelors in Divinity...-Rev. Geo. Maximilian Slater,
St. Peter's College (comp.) Rev. John Holmes, Corpus Christi
College.

Honormi Master of Arts.—Henry Walpole Nevill, Mag-
dalene Colleg:.
Masters o Arts.—Rev. Henry Dickonson, St. Peter's Col-
lege; Rev. arles Pratt, Magdalene College (comp).
Bachelor in Civil Lazy.--Rev. John Baker, Trinity Hall.
Bachelor of Arts.—Henry Filtness, Queen's College.
At the above Congregation a grace passed the Senate, to
affix the University seal to petitions to both Houses of Parlia-
ment, for the abolition of Colonial Slavery. The following is
a copy of the petition to the House of Lords
" 'ro the Right Hon. the Lords Spiritual asul Temporal of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Par-
liament assembled,
" The humble Petition of the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars
of the University of Cambridge,
" Shewth—That your petitioners continue to be deeply con-
vinced that the permanent existence of Slavery is inconsistent
with the principles of British law, of sound policy and justice,
and no less repugnant to the dictates of humanity, than to the
spirit of the Christian religion.
" That your petitioners regard with the liveliest feelings of
Pgratitude the resolutions which were unanimously adopted by
arliament in 1823, for the purpose of effecting the gradual
abolition of colonial slavery, and, in the mean time, of mid-
gating its evils.
" That, entertaining a high sense of the ability, the promp-
titude, anti zeal with which his Majesty's Ministers have la-
boured to put in force these parliamentary resolutions, they
cannot forbear to express their regret, that the measures of his
Majesty's Government have not been met by a corresponding
spirit on the part of the colonial assemblies.
" That your petitioners, humbly pray your Right Hon.
House to persevere in such measures, as, in its wisdom, it shall
edge best calculated to bring the principles of those resolutions
into full effect.
1

" And your petitioners will ever pray, &c."
The following Gentlemen were ordained by the Lord Bishop
of Lincoln, in Saint Mary-le-hone Chapel, London, on Sun-
day last :—•
