MERCANTILE SHIPPING, &T.

DEAL, FEB. 26.—Wind S.W.—Camc down from the River
and remains the Apollo, Tennant, for Madras, &c. Arrived
and sailed for the River the Salamanca, llicks, from Oporto.—
The Maria, Middleton, for Constantinople, put back on the
23rd inst., and remains.

GitAviiSED, FEB. _'B..—Sailed the Adrian, Horn, for
Bengal.

PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 26.--Wind S.W.--Arrived the
Harriet, Warmington, from London for Sierra Leone ; Little
Sally, Gibson, from ditto for Nialta ; and the Richard (Havre
packet), 'from Havre, with passengers.
YARMOUTH, FEn. 26.—The Edward, Shipley, of South
Shields, was run on board of 23rd inst. off Flamborough Head
by the Margaret and Ann, of Seaton Sluice, and sunk soon
after ;—crew saved by the Margaret and Ann.
RAmsuArn, FEn. 26.—The Sarah,- Corpe ; and Thetis,
Pike, of Yarmouth, both sprung a-leak in the West Gully
last night.

FALMOUTH, FEB. S.W.—Arrived the Pro-
mise, Glasgow, from Buenos Ayres, in 82 days, for Corunra.
Sailed the Factor, Cornell, for Belfast. Put back the Duke of
.3larlborough pacxet, for Lisbon.

Last week the ships in the Tyne very generally began to fit
out for their respective voyages. Some were to have sailed fur
fianiburgh and the Baltic. Four Greenlandthen are preparing
for the Fishery. • Last year there were five vessels to the Straits
and Greenland.

The. undermentioned East India Company's ships had ar-
rived at Canton on the 4th of October list, viz. :—Hereford-
shire, Inglis, Royal George, llvthe, Bombay, Minerva, Wind-
sor, Farquharson, Repulse, Kent, Charles Grant, 15:ellie Castle,
Marquess Camden, Bridgwater, and Waterloo.• The Lowther
Castle had been spoken with in the China Sea, and was
hourly expected.

• A recent letter from Leghorn speaks in en-
thusiastic terms of the exertions . making by the
liberal-minded of all. nations to succour.the cause
of our Christrian brethren in the East. A Greek
House at St.-Petersburgh had expedited two ves-
sels to the Morea, laden with arms and. warlike
stores of all sorts. The rich Greek VORRACHI
had advanced 500,000 rubles (nearly., -19,0001.
sterling !) to assist in the equipment of.tbe Gre-
cian navy. Gen. NORMANN, an enterprising and
able Officer,•had recently embarked at Leghorn
with a brave band of 55 military colleagues, 40
of whom are Germans, and the other
.15 French-
men. In Warsaw, and in other parts, of Poland,
nothing -could exceed the enthusiasm of. the
people in favour of the Hellenic nation. A great
many of the first individuals were busied in
making collections in aid of the sacred. cause
of Christianity. The thrifty Hollander even
rears his head, and honourably rangel: in the
ranks. of Grecian benefactors ; as no•less than
eleven of the most respectable persons in Am-
sterdam, (among whom are included the Greek
names of TOMASAKI and PALAOLOGOS) have
recently taken upon themselves the collec-
tion of a fund, to be appropriated to tle.use of
the persecuted Grecians. Shipments of arms and
ammunition had already been sent from the
Dutch ports. All this looks well, most assured-
ly; and, as Professor KRUG, of Leipzig,
elo-
quently says, " If it be the determined will of
the Greeks to become free, nothing can pre-
vent victory being their's. The whole of
Christian Europe is on their side, • and - would .
hail with ineffable joy the first dawning of
permanent liberty in the East. Let them but
think on the great days of 111:taATnoN,
MOPYL_E, and PLATCEA ! Let them but do their
deed and they must be free. Then shall- we
• see the temples of Athens rise with new glory,
the capacious harbour crowded with ships from all
parts of the world, and those youths who are greedy
of knowledge crowding the umbrageous walks of
the Academy, to imbibe the maxims of wisdom
from the mouths of eloquent teachers; then
shall we hear hymns sung, not in honour of
Theos or Pallas, but in just praise of the Great
Eternal God of Christians, who created light
and called men to rational liberty : who wills
that slavery shall cease upon earth, and that the
dead even shall rise again to a new and better
life !"

The extreme mildness of the-winter continues
yet to be noticed in most parts of Europe. On
the 7th inst. a flight of 20 couple of storks were
seen in the neighbourhood of Berlin ; a circum-
stance unparalleled, as it is matter of notoriety,
that these migratory birds never make- their ap,-
pearance in Prussia before the early part of
April. It is regarded as a certain sign of the
approach of spring.

CORN EXCHANGE, FEB. 27.
Our Market continues overloaded with Wheat, the arrivals
having been very large, and the demand exceedingly dispro-
portionate, and confined chiefly to the finest qualities, which
are 2s. per qr. cheaper than last week, and the ordinary des-
criptions are unsaleable, and only of nominal value.—Barley
was dull sale at Monday's prices, and a huge quantity of the
inferior sorts remains on hand for want of buyers.—The Oat
trade continues extremely dull, owing. to the abundance of the
supplies.—ln Beans and Pease there is no alteration.

HOP INTELLIGENckI.
SOUTHWARK, FEB. 25.—Our Hop trade is dull, very few
sales are made by any one, but having only a sparing supply
our prices are kept up.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

1..j11.A CV; FROM THE D 11I.Y MORNING PAPERS,

Februais 27, 1822.

[THE Timr.s.l
The principal object of the discussion last night
hl the House of Lords seems to have been to
afford that assembly the means of expressing an
opinion on the present state of the country, with-
out waiting (perhaps a week or two) for the
measures now in progress in the lower llouse.
The Earl of Liverpool made a long and elaborate
statement, similar,, of course, in its views and re-
sults, with that of Lord Londonderry, delivered
last Friday week ; but much more clear and dis-
tinct as a narrative and a piece of reasoning,
though quite as unsatisfactory in its explimation
of the causes of the existing distress, and in its
proposal of relief. Ills Lordship concluded by
merely presenting the same accounts which have
been already laid on the table of the House of
Commons. The Marquis of Lansdowne took
occasion to develope also his views of the cause
and remedy of the acknowledged distress, and
insisted upon nearly the same topics which have
been already enforced by Messrs. Tierney and
Brougham in the House of Commons. Several
other Peers delivered their sentiments ; but no
result followed which can be considered as a cri-
terion of the relative strength of the two parties.

[7,3 011NING POST.]
The Irish Papers, which arrived yesterday,
we are happy to observe, do not contain any fresh
accounts of outrages ; and, as the Government is
now in a state of great activity, and the law rigo-
rously administered, hopes may reasonably be
entertained that the insurrection of the deluded
peasantry will not be of much longer duration.
—On the sth day of the Special Commission at
Cork, sentence of death was passed on no less
than thirty-five miserable wretches, three of
whom had been found guilty of murder, and the
rest of having violated certain clauses of the
White Boy Act. From these awful effects of
the ordinary operation of the law (which pro-
mise to be productive of the most salutary re-
sults), hopes had been entertained that no
severer measures would have been deemed ne-
cessary to deter the most determined from the
continuance of their offences; but this does not
appear to be the opinion of those in whose
hands is placed the fate of those unhappy
people. The Magistrates of The County of Cork
have agreed to apply to Government for the ex-
tension of the Insurrection Act to the whole of
that county, notwithstanding the Marquis of
Thomond and Colonel Fitzgerald sought to
except some part of it from the operation of that
t:irrible measure. A similar application has been
made by the Magistrates of the City of Cork,
though there does not appear to have been any
acts of outrage committed there ; and these ex-
amples seem likely to be followed in- the coun-
ties of Tipperary and Limerick. No mention is
made of the Habeas Corpus Suspension Act hav-
ing been yet carried into execution in. any quar-
ter ; but an attempt appears to have been made
by some informer to try an experiment upon the
Editor of -a Kilkenny Paper, which however has
completely failed, the Magistrates having had no
tlitliculty in discovering that the grounds upon
which the unprincipled application was made
were entirely false.

[MORNING tir.n.u.n.l
Mr. Vansittart has at length brought forward
his plan for 'doing away the 5 per Cent. Navy
Annuities. It was said that he was going to
.pay them off—but it is not paying them off to
get rid of one species of Annuities to the amount
cf-155 millions principal, paying an interest of
7,750,0001. a-year, in order to substitute another
.paying 4 per Cent. to the amount of 162,750,000/.
subject to an interest of 6,510,000 L thus increas-
ing the principal of the National Debt in the sum
of seven millions and three-quarters, and de-
creasing the annual interest in the sum of one
million and a quarter. So far, however, the
scheme is all very well, and, as it regards the
getting rid of so much as a million and a quarter
annual charge, we congratulate the country that
its Chancellor of the Exchequer can, in these
distressed times, not only devise such a scheme,
but propose its being put into execution. The
feature we principally dislike in it is the adding so
-much as 7-4 million to the 800 millions principal of
the Debt. We would much rather, at any time,
hear of a reduction of the principal of the debt
than of an addition to it : fur we have hitherto
remarked that an addition made to the debt has
never afterwards been got rid of. The manner
in which the Chancellor of the Exchequer pro-
poses to get rid of the 5 per Cent. Navy Annui-
t:;nts, and instead thereof to make them 4 per
Cent. Annuitants, we by no means like. It is
upon a principle much too hurried : too little
time is given for reflection; and, upon the first
blush of the thing, there appears to be not a little

of contrivance in it. A Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer of the most extraordinary country in the
world, as it respects money matters, should stu-
eiously avoid even the imputation of contrivance,
‘,hich is another word for trick. Great injustice,
in our opinion., is attempted to be practised to-
wards the Five per Cent. Navy Annuitants.

{1711!TISLI PRESS.]
The Earl of Liverpool, in' pursuance of his
vrevious notice, drew the attention of the House
t:f •Lords last night to the general state of the
ountry. The 'Noble Lord exerted himself upon
this occasion to draw a picture of the internal
euritlition of the empire as flattering as his inge-
'vqity could devise, and::viitli the immense excel).
i:.)n of the agricultural interests, it must be ad-
'inited that the.:NOhre Lord did not taX-his-inge-
-I:uity in. vain. The exposition was in its grin-
; :pal features, the same as that which the Marquis
c,fLondonderry had submitted to the House of
Commons: Upon the subject of the agricultural
tl:stresi",.. 'Lord Liverpool still adheres to his ori-
!inal opinion, that this distreis has arisen -solely.
1-4'Orri a. -superabund-auce of production ; and in:
:upport of the -iitivezlient principle which the
'Lliiiisteis'incessautly urge, -.that .:the 'ainoutit of

taxation has no reference to this point, the
Noble Lord shewed that a like distress prevails
in other countries where taxation does not press
so heavily as it does in England. The price of
an article must certainly be affected by the
amount of the supply, but if the affairs of the
country were not strained violently from their
natural state, the abundance of quantity would
compensate for such diminution of price as might
flow from this casual excess of production. Lord
Liverpool's argument, founded upon such a pre-
sumption, must be incorrect. The bounties of
Providence cannot prove the source of natural
evils, the farmer cannot be ruined by the fertility
of his fields and the very success of his exertions.
The doctrine rests upon a paradox which is
abhorrent to every principle of reason and reli-
gion. A more pleasing part of the Noble
Lord's exposition is that which shews an in-
crease in the revenue, the foreign trade, both
of export and of import, and in the population
of the Empire. We are not afraid to enu-
merate the increasing population of the empire
among those points which offer the best hopes of
future improvement. Our people have increased
with a wonderful rapidity during the last 20
years, and yet, notwithstanding the ingenious
fancies of those who can estimate the happiness
or misery of empires by the comparative results
of progressions, arithmetical and geometrical, it
does appear that the productive powers of the
earth have increased more rapidly even than the
necessities of the human species, and that our
present distresses flow rather from an abundance
of produce than an excess of population. Lord
Liverpool was followed by the Marquis of Lans-
down and several other Lords, who submitted to
Parliament their views of the state of public
affaiis. The proceedings were altogether highly
interesting, and well deserve the attention of the
public.

[NEW TIMES.]

We apprehend that the course pursued by the
House of Commons with Mr. James's motion on
Monday evening, will give very general satis-
faction. The privileges of the House of Com-
mons, like the prerogatives of the Crown, exist
for the good of the people ; and the good of the
people, while it requires a strict attention to the
liberty of the subject, demands a no less vigilant
care for the due administration of justice. We
are therefore strongly and even jealously at-
tached to privilege and prerogative where they are
clear and well defined, because we are sure that
since 1688 the existence either of any privilege
or prerogative, clearly incompatible with liberty
or justice, would never have been tolerated.
On the other hand, where a claim of privilege
or prerogative, not clearly recognised, not dis-
tinctly supported by precedent, or not easily re-
concileable with the known law of the land, is for
the first time made, at so late a period of our
constitutional history as the present, we do think
that there is a strong presumption against the
validity of such claim, and it lies upon those who
set it up to make out a strong case in its support.
Upon the claimant's failure, however, so to do,
the wisest and most prudent course for the privi-
leged body itself to adopt, is to pass to the pre-
' vious question ; for it may in many instances he
productive of eventual inconvenience to record,
as it were, a judgment against themselves. Now
the complaint of Mr. .James, if we collect it
right, was to this effect, that having entered into
correspondence with a Gentleman, who hap-
pened to have incurred a sentence of two years'
imprisonment (for something that he had done at a
meeting; unfortunately regarded by the law as se
.ditious), and who was accordingly passing his time
in Lancaster Gaol, the gaoler had taken the liberty
to open and inspect the letters of both parties,
which proceeding the Hon. Member contended
was a breach of the privilege of Parliament.
Common sense teaches us that a free, unimpeded,
and unexamined correspondence, between all
prisoners and all persons out of gaol, can never
be allowed to exist in any country, and certainly
never did exist in England ; a right, therefore, in
Members of Parliament, as such, to correspond
with convicts in prison secretly, (that is, under the
inviolable cover of the Member's address or frank)
must stand upon the ground of special privilege
alone. Now, so far as we have been able to discover
from the debate or otherwise, there never has been
any clear and express declaration or recognition of
such a specific privilege. Nay, we believe it has
never been distinctly established that Members of
Parliament have a right to correspond with all per-
sons under commitment before trial, or even to
see and converse with prisoners generally, unless
subject to the rules and regulations of the prison.,
Now the privilege of communication by letter is
of far wider extent than that of visitation and
conversation ; it is also much more liable to
abuse; for if a letter is to pass the prison gates
unopened, merely because it is addressed to or
franked by a Member of the House of Commons,
a channel of communication is opened between
the prisoner and any third party. The most
amiable feelings of humanity may induce a Mem-1
ber to pass a letter, under his frank, from a
convict to his wife, or to any other man's wife
who goes by the convict's name ; and in such
letter, plots for breaking prison, for promoting
new seditious and treasons, or for committing
new robberies and murders, may be arranged and
matured totally unknown to the Member. How-
ever if the privilege had been already and une-
quivocally proved to exist, we should have been
inclined to believe, that its original establish-
ment was sanctioned by some profound views
of policy, although we are not skilful enough to
discover them.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
Another Ministerial Speech on the State of the
Country was delivered last night in the House of
Lords by Lord Liverpool. His Lordship began
by adverting to the increase of population as esta-
blished by the recent Census. We cannot, how-
ever, compliment his Lordship on the enlarged
nature of the vies, s which be has taken on
this subject. 44 The increase," said his Lord-
ship, 44 was the more remarkable, as it 'had
taken place notwithstanding the effects of a
long and exhausting war•; and however paradoxi-
cal it might appear, it was all the circumstances
:connected with that war which appeared to have

produced the result of an increased population.
It app6ared by the Census that the population
of England, Wales, and Scotland, which in
1801 was 10,942,646, had increased in 1811 to
12,596,803, or at the rate of 15 per cent., and in
1821 to 14,379,677, or at the rate of 17 per cent.
This increase, it should be observed, was not in
any particular district, or in any particular dis-
trict more than another (though there were some
differences), but was general throughout the
island. The population of the manufacturing
districts did not appear to have increased
in a greater proportion than that of the agri-
cultural districts, though the former might
be supposed to have a greater natural tendency
to increase, nor was there any remarkable indi-
cation of differences in the different parts of the
island." As there is a power and a tendency in
mankind to increase at a much more rapid rate
than any of which we have an example in this
island, and as population (where not forced by
bad laws) regulates itself by the funds for its
maintenance, the increase during the war may be
brought forward as a proof that our capital and
revenue continued also to increase ; but as the
capital and revenue of the country would, if there
had been no war, have been still greater, and con-
sequently afforded means for the existence of a
greater population, we are at a loss to see
how his Lordship can place the increase of popu-
lation to the account of the war. But his Lord-
ship does not draw those conclusions from the
last Returns, which naturally suggest themselves
to an enlightened mind. lie seems to rejoice
that the increase of
.population is every where
the same—that is, is as great in places where
there is a demand for additional labour, as in
places where there is little or no additional
demand. This is precisely the circumstance
which we lament; and it is attributable alone to
the various laws, which in England call forth and
confine a population in places where it is not
wanted, instead of allowing the population to
adjust itself to the demand for it.

FROM THE LONDON GAZETTE, FEB. 26.

WHITEHALL, FEB. 23, 1822.
The King has been pleased to present John Honywood Ran-
dolph Clerk, Master of Arts, to the Rectory of Fobbing, in the
County of Essex and Diocese of London, void by the resigna-
tion of the Rev. George Burrard.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Northampton.
The Hon. Philip Sydney Pierrepont to be Deputy Lieu-
tenant ; John Beauclerk, Esq. to be ditto ; George Morgan,
Esq. to be ditto.
Yeomanry Cavalry.—Thomas Philip Maunsell, Gent. to
be Lieutenant • the Hon. Thomas Atherton Powys to be ditto;
Charles Wykhami Martin, Gent. to be ditto.
