L 0 ND 0 jv,

TIIIYESDAY, <'), 1809,

. in-addition to the pleasing intelligence which we.
yesterday communicated :to Our, Readers from the
PortUguese Papers, respeding the decided advmage
obtained by General PALAvoi over the French near
Saragossa, we are happy to state, that theCorpmhich
,BUONAPART'Ii forward trom Madrid towards
the frontiers of. Portugal, has been under the neces-
sity of falling back towards Madrid. This Corps
consisted of 4006 infantry and 2000 cavalry. It
certainly. never could have been BO ot,tsrkitrc!S in-
tently to penetrate into Portugal:With So small a
force as 6000 'Men. We can diq therefore sup-
pose that his objet was to prevent, t 14t„junction of
the British Armies, by inducing• General Moout to
fall back upon 'Portugal.: If that was his plan, it
completely tailed, and vi hen BIJON,APARTE found
that General Mootti, instead of retreating, was ad-
vancing, he thought it prudent to recall this advanced
Corps.

TN? ancis Freeling Packet ix arAi,v,ccl, at Fal-
mouth with Mails from tho Leew4r4l:lbbncls, in 31
from Tortola.

Jr was last night reported that Government had
received intelligence froth Sir DAM') ilA1111,), stat-
ing, that in coniequence of the advance of the
French it was deturrnined that the whole of the.
1416111 .\Amy should retreat towards Vigo. We do
riot know uron what authority thisport was
totin,.!e,l, and we are not inclined to give it any
crtdir •

'lle Opposition Papers are incctsant in their
at
tacks upon the Report Of. dm Court of Inquiry,
and in candour we must admit that they li.ive no
small cause to be angry. After all the absurd, can-
traditiory, and unfounded charges which they pre.
tetrad alternate ly. against the Generals and the Mi.
nisters, alter all the violence which they displayed„
and the scurrility. ;which they employed, )ve can
easily make allowances for the .indign,:tion which
they must feel, on the appearance arriaq.tcport IA high
comnistely dis;lppointiali their lipi,cs .)111.1 ti us-
trines all their plans. Tt is really eutertaining to ob.:
serve the dit)•;ltetit modes in which the Opposition
Writers give, tint to their feelings. Some of them,
who a cloy or two ago were ex. eedingly angry with
the Report, -now assure Ufi that it lta ihnos(con.,
vulsed • them with laughter. Others, of a idore sa-
, •
rc'prW C:lt a proper suhjt..64 ror na-
tional laiiicill:114)11 'and e..i, ix s 1 it l rnoitttwblittsi-'
cal, those who have argutil with tbe rupst..c.ioiOund
kravity and logical precision against the'opinion.of
the:Coptt of Inquiry, now tell us thzit',,tife Itc-port is
too sue to be understood. But the real
this eittraoldii,,lry anger, mirth; and. I.inientation,,
is at last. let out, With great simplicity and can-
dour. This Report, we are told, is not otily
xague, :but k is unsatisfiranly, , and for the „hest .Of
all possible reasons, it not only praises the conduct
of Sic ARTllitit Wy.L.LESLBT, but Wilut is noire; as
had, it throws it° - blame upon Administration.
This is perfectly intelligible, and we admit that
their anger is very natural ; but after abusing the
Report, bectdse it does • nut blame Sir ARTHUR
WELLgtiLISV and the Alitsisters, the Opposition
Writers vvtifq suddenly round UljOti' us, and assure'
us ii}.ll this extraordinary Report does blame both
Sir Ativilloa' WB4t.tiss.. a Y and tote-Ministers. Thic,.
pro Trion catire Upon us SO. stultlen/yibd)..so un-
expaitiedly, that we were somewhat—turned at
and our amazement was uot
creased *hen we saw with what',

mon ingepoity this extraordinary proposition was
proved. The Members of the Court 9f inquiry
Nee are aspred, fiicgiit to say that Ministers, were
culpable, in a high degree, leturise the Itepbrt does
not recommend any proceedings against the (Veers ;
and they meant also to blame Sir Atantilt WEL-
it6LEY, Peoria the Report contains an high euln-
gium upon his conduct ! These disc%gie,,, are:
fAlowed up by another eTially novel amirintenrotit,

{sniffy..

which is, that Ministers have mroifeste:l their desire
of stifling all inquiry into the subjea of the Conven-
tion, by recommending the fullest pnaiblaiinvestiLa•
tion into every part oft be business t,

We this day resume our Article. On the -Cause%
and probable issue, of -Boon RTE'S Unprincipled'
attack on Spain, ,
The Revolutionary Governments which preceded
that of BuotswArrit; had frequently attempted to
introdnee their principles into Spain ; every effort
failed, because Iteligion and the National Charaoler
opposed aniusurmountable barrier to their entrance.
Still, how'ever, the Riches of Spain ancithe Trea-
sures of America, presented so alluring a prospeCt of
plunder,. that the projeet orobtatning possesSion of
them %%is, never wholly abandoned. The obstacles
which they were sure of encountering in the Spa.!
nisi' People, if •their Religion, Independence, and
Government were openly menaced, and ttrn lin-
menso adqutages Which France derived from her
alliance with Spain, had determined the Cabinet of
the Thuleries to reserve the conquest of this King-
dom for .the last of those which they meditated on
the Continent, A variety of causes accelerated
the execution of this atrocious design, which they
flattered thetnielves t hey should have had lei.ure to
mature, and determined them to have recourse:to
artifice instead of open violence.

.A great has been said of Treaty of Tilsit;
of its secret articles, and of its [ciliate consequences;
but it has not yet been •ibserved, that the Spanish
Itcvoltuien is one of the immediate consequences.of
it, although not. foreseen on the part of France.
The avowed articles of the Treaty of Tilsit, ex-
plain, of themselves, those Which are not commu-
nicated, and which are only secret to the Ltnperor
of RussiA, because he is, unable to comprehend their
object.
It is evident that the plan of BootqAPkture, at
Tiihit, was to engage 4.uxopEß in tiwar with
ltvy, by promising to add to his empire; already
petliaps, too.extensive, some of the Ottotnan Pro-
vinceS, while the French Armies, lingerieg in Ger.,
many, under the pretext of completitlg the new or:.
ganization of that part of the North of Europe,
should,fall uneicpeetedly on Austria, and thus wind-
up the slavery of the Continent.

Ir thaTreaty of Tilsit has exposed in all thetlare
of day, the imbecility and pusillanimity of the Env.
peror of RussiA, it has also laic of to minds ao-
ewytomed to reflection on the causes of great
events, the ekribarrassing *ituatiot of BuoNAwirits.

No one, snrely, will sespe6l BUo,rAtAnrx of ni-
; no one m ill accuse him of a religious at.
tachinent,to Treaties; -and it will probably be grant-
.ed,,withunt difficulty,, that it was the most:easy and
most advantageous of 1)6 plans, toProfit of the con-
ditiOn in which the North of Europe' found itself
attar the Peace of Tilsit, to execute the project
which necessarily makes a part' of the revolutionary
System, and to annihilate the House of Austria, The
dismeMberment of that Monarchy presented much,
Eden in. Poland, to tempt the cupidity of AiEXAN.-
DER, and appease the discontent, which the Peace 91
Tilsit had excited in Russia ; it presented indemni.
ties for: the King of l'ausmA, and that'too at a mo-
tnent,when the Courts of Petersburgh and Berlin
had some right to murmur at the ill7timed
lity which had produced their misfortunes and their
Ishame. The di,naemberment of the Athtrian
narcby 'Offered spoils which- would have thrown
back the frontiers of the French Empire, and t)( the
Kinadinit of Italy; it Offered augmentAtions of tem.
ritory for Vassal Kings, and aborePl4 new king
(loins and new principalities tocreat4l! The prepon.
deraney ref the.,Frencls-Government in the Ottoman
Councils, was established. The measures which Atm'.
tilirwas taking to re-organiie'her ;irirly, and. re-creaje
her power, formed a sutlicient-pretext for attacking
her ; as did the antient rivalry.ofthe two nations, a
motive for.believing that this War would be more po..
pular in France than any ether, as it afforded some.
prospea of realising the promise, so frequently held:
forth, of a continental pace. In this State Of thingK
BUONAPAATE ought to have prepared for attacking.
Austria; and he unquestionably did so. Why, then;-'
has be changed his plan ? Why has he, attacked
Spain, and thusgiren Anstriii time to prepare for.
defending her existence With 'a force truly- redoubta-;
ble, and for forming an alliance with. this Country
;And with Turkey ? And why has he attacked the
only country to 'which we can send a powerful
army, and all the succours necessary for its de-
fence ? This is what it is of some importance to '
amine.

Too little attention has been given to, the first
.a
which signalised the return of ritIONAPAIITS to Payis
after the Peace of Tilsit. lie had proposed a negotia•
fruit to. us through the medium of itessia; wit'hoift.
wain tug. for the ansvver, he hastily repaired to Paris,
and abrofished the Tribunate l His partisans pietend
that this was done to'ciimplily the'.:qonstitotion mud
give the Legislative' Body . that iognence it
ought to .possess in a free Constitation, But

POTI3 fiwour liberty ! We shall next be told that
highwaymen do not find the criminal code sufficient.
ly.severe 1. He abolished thee ribs (giiiing the
Legislative 80dy.....a greater influence, apparently,
but, in effeel, depriving it of the only means which
it pOssessed of resisting tyranny, supported by pub-
" licopiniOnY, becatase, by
.making war against Prds-
sia, withimit any communication with the Senate,
BUONAPARTE lod violated the Constitution : because,
the reverse,s-ot the Polish cainpaign paying rendered
the conscription by anticipation necessary, war was
unpopular; because it was expedient to avoid all
opposition at an instant when he was meditating an
attack on Austria and Turkey, and when a motion
made in the Senate for peace, would have probably
produced a new change in Prince. It is very doubt.
fill whether 890NAPALLTp would have continued at
the head of the Revolution if he had lost the battle
of Friedland. The abolition of 'the Tribunate occa.
sioned, no popular stir, but the cause'of it has had a
powerful influence on the policy of the French Go-
vernment, occasioned the war with Ansi ria to be
adjourned, and thp reyoltltiop of Svaiti, to be pretna-
, turely undertaken.

(We shall complete this Article hi Ow Paper; of to.niorrowl
if possible.)

Yesterday, about a quarter before one o'clock, His
MAJESTY arrived at the Queen's Palace, from Wind-
sor, being near an hour longer on the road than in
general, owing to the bad state of the roads. His
MA.lestv being warmly clothed, experienced no ill
effects from the seventy of the day, and appeared in
most .exce4nt spirits. We have .the pleasure of
stating, that he has not enjoyed better health. fur is
considerable line past. His MAJESTy Was received
from his. carriage by the Dukes of Yottx„ ISsNT, and
CAMBRIDGE.
Soon after twck o'clock,' his MAJESTY, as usual,.
held a.private leuvee, which was attended
The Lord Ciuncellor, the Fast Lord (4.'1 4 treasury, the
Lord President of the Council, the Secretaries of State for
the Foreign and %vac Departments the Chancellor of the
Ex-chenuer, the First Lord of the Admiralty, the ludo Ad-
vocate, the Lord Mayor of London, the Duke of Mootrose,
Lords Somerville, Amher.st, and lleatlitieldi Governor's N.
and C. Bentinck, Generals Dyiatt and Campbell, Colonels
ilradvyll and Lloyd, the Rev. Messrs. Grey:mil Lee, Messrs.
L.iiw kola and Buckler.
The following had the'hoonourof being presentri
to his MAJESTY, upon their appointments, oriitno-,
tions. Ste.—
Lord Amherst, upon his being appoint: ct his. `MoJestvi's
ilnvox Extraordinary and Mi;.ister Plenipotentiary' to the
Court of his Sicilian Majesty.
The 'Rev, Mr. Ilanchett Grey, upon his being appoinlFd a
Prebt:net of Durhani.
Major-“encral Dyott', upon his going to join the ertny in
The Rev. Mr, Lee, Chaplain in Ordirnry to his Royal
iliOness the Prince of Wales,
,t;pon'his return from Spain.
Cieneral Campbell, up,nA h return from Spain.
Mr. ['clay llentinckoipoit, hjs.bents appointed Governor
of Demerataand Essequibo.
Mr. C=harles tient inck , upon. his being appipiOed, Governor
of Surinam.
Lteutoitant-Cplnna Pradvyll, of the Coldstreac,t RegktFht
of Foot Guards, upon his promotion.
tjetilCriant-Colowd 1.100, of the 84th Regiment, upon his
proafotion and return (ruin bag Commander at Gorte..
His IVIAJErry gave private audiences to the Duke
of PORTLAND,. die Lottb CIIANCHLLOK, and the
other,Cabinet Minisiers present. About six o'clock
His MAJESTY SO Otfll his return to Windsor.
Yesterday his loyal Highness the Duke of Sus-
svx and a, sales f party dined at the Claret don Hotel,
Bond-st rect.

SECOND EDITION.,

SUN-OFFICE,
Two O'CLOCK, P. M.,

!;.31 C.,

.':lk consequence of the very heavy state of the
roads, we did not receive our Port Letters this
Morning at the Usiial time, we are therefore under
the necessity of stopping the Press to lay before
our Waded the following interestintiLetter, which
we have just received from our intelligent. Col-
r...spondetit it Plymouth:.
PLymoti rn, JAN. 3.—Tbe Joseph hired, Arm.
eel Cutter arrived here this morning from Spain, and
is said to have brought a confirtuation of the state-

ment received yesterday by the, &counter Gully
hirig„tof the massacre of the French in Nl.+drid,'and
that 26,000 Frenchmen had' fallen by the knivespf
the Spau;ards in that city."
