BCONAP,IRTE'S CABIALT.

We have:made several. extiatcti-frdtir-Mr:Gni..'n-
smlTH's, Work-, whichr, xv& consider as one of the
most valuable anci important of its kind that has ever,
been presented to the public : it nhveils alll the se-
cret plans anti-at t ifraes Of the French Usurper, and
fully developes the system upon which his• Govern-:
bent is condn&ed. It_Likewise so completely dis-
se6ts the Uiurperhimself thit they .must be,ipcura-
bly blind inleed, who, after reading this Work,
can tvant any, further eipoqition Of his nature and
•thar!eter:: We 'troAkii.extra6a-vrtifte relative to his
machinarions against this country, which, however,
we trust; is as much secure against his arms as it is
against his arts.

In the precedirtg pages niebtion.waaltade by the'
gentleman who wai ordered lo Boulogne with Buo-
naparte, of. a special bureau, which is attached tb
the. Jorei4n•office in Paris, for the purpose of keep-
ing u., a (Urea and more intimate correspondence
with the-disaffeeled,in this country.
To prove to tile reader that such an establishment
does exist in Paris, I have only to state what came
to my knowled:!e on that subjea.
Shortly alter chat bureau was established a•French
gentleman, who had been on various,embassies, but.,
,is now employed in the foreign Ake in Paris, hap-
pened to be at the-office of Mr. D. Warden, Abe
American Co,lsul-General, and. in thecourse of con-
veration info: rued us, ." that a bureau-for:she pur!
poses already mentioned had just been established,
and That the gentleman (mentioning his name),_
• who is the chief' Direaor of it, had already in Eng-
land rendered great_ services to the French Govern-
ment, and that Mr. John Hurford Stone (bnyher to
the coal 'Merchant of that name, .who was tried here
for high treason, in, 1795), a Scotch Colonel of the
tiatne of who now as.;oivi,s the names c.f_Ge-.
rieralti,Jbeing a General in the French ser-
vice), andOtlier patriots, wete.attached to the same
oace."
do not enter into therimtion, lately, and now
so niuch agitated), abont the privileges of the .House
of Commons. I Will content mystlf with remark-
ing on the 144)i-6-piety of an expression, which de,.
nominates theM the inferior branch of the legisla-
ture. In external appearance, and according to the
e'iquette of Courts, perhaps they are inferior' btit
because they ate inferior in the order of nomination,
if you pleaSe, in rank, are they. therefore inferior in
power ? Are they inferior in the balance of the
State ?-

BM it is the' system of Buonaparte to decry every
thing that is popular in any Government : he knoWs
that the people compose the strength of the coun-
try, and that their representatives are his most for-
midable enemy—He wishes to propagate- the, doc-
trine, that all democratic institutions are bad. To
a certain extent I will agree Witt him ; and if our
Hodse of Commons were to become the echo of
sncli principles, I should not hesitate to say,: that it
would be better for the peOple that it should be shut
up.
If"We Must have a reform, thit must come from
Government, if it is the interest of Government to
Mike it. But the people, by their public meetings
and addresses can never, bring it about,' without a,
convulsion, which will assuredly eaa as the French
revolution has done, in the despotiim of some ad-
venturer, who will risk hi head in the attempt;
and, if he succeed, will follow the example of Buo-
riaparte, and redhee the .country to the smile state
of slavery in vi'hich the gallant people of France
are now involved. I say, the gallant people of
France, because I know the .people deserVe that
character.
Why, then, it May be asked, and it 'has been
asked a hundred times, does this gallant people sub-
mit. to be rilled and controuled by a foreign Despot,
a Mean adventnrii, Who 'has no right beat that of
chance ? I will answer the questinn. I have kikeci
it myself of a hundred Frenchmen of good Under-
siairdifig.—" Sir, we recoLeet 'the; miseries of the
Revolution; we submit, to the most despotic Govern-
ment, to avoid the evils of anarchy." One gen-
tleman, in partieular, who was in a high situation
under Bironaparte,,indticett probably from the toner
of my conversations with him, said, seemingly, in.
a jocular Style, " Monsieur,_ vous etes Decnocrate,
n'est ce pas ?" Monsieur." "Ah ! it ire
faut pas l'etre dans cc pays ci ; on tie reConnoit plus
les Democrates. Autretbisj'etois Democfate, et je
croyois avor raison. Se me croyois Mitis je
trouvois qu'il etoit diffiale de 'passer dans la rue sans
etre assassins ; je ne pouvois pa's dormir daus inon
lit sans peur d'etre egorgi ; a present je dars trati-
quillement, je marche sans interruption, dans les
rues, et je mange du pain tres tl-anquillement.--Je
me trouve e'sclive quant )a poltiique ; mais.je suis
fibre dans mon domestique. Quand je me croyois
liqre j'etois elsclave, tnais je puffs faire carmne je
veux, si je nedesobeis pas aux loix du tyran, qui
ice font peur de me molar des atfairei pub-
liques."

The following are further particulars of the me-
lancholy- accident which kippened at Sheerness, on
SMnt day sennight, to some per Sons who were go-
""itit on- hoard the Lord Hawe packet-boat. Ten or
eleven persons put off in a wherry, the night dark
and•the weather stormy; when a man who was in-
. toxieated, insisted on.pulling one of the oars, he did
so, but proving too strong for the boatman, the
course. of the boat became uncertain and unsteady ;
at this 'instant a wave dashed against the boat, and
made. her heel very much ; the 'passengers being
alarmed,. the whole impulsively started ,up aiiii
sprang to the opposite side, .in order to right it ;
when, by their united weight, it was unfortunately
overturned. and the whole were precipiated into
the water. In consequenceof ibis aceident, Thomas
Bond, a carpenter, aged Q 9 years; Anthony Cs oucher,
a'carpenter,aged 19 years; - Frid, a carpenter,
aged 60 ; a man, whose name is not known," and
two collier boys, were drowned. A tide-waiter,
who had been with wine to th,, Galatea, was pick-
ed up alive, but was so much exhausted, that he died
on Sunday morning. The :rest of the passengers
i escaped by swimming to the 'shore,

• ,
BIRTlis. , ~
. il
(lit-t' ... thin .i* Lady of "1. honrs Nortlirrtn re; "• NA S' • "sf . ' '
ONhard,ureet, l'orttnah:squarp, of a Mugimr.
:In Margaret st 6-t .C.. '' r-i ‘. '• - r- , ay( n( is I-square, the
Mrs. Cpt}rtena.y..,l3,lo,r of a- Daughter.-" . ,_ , ck% Or
ilOn Satui.day last, the Lady uf Sir Hungertnrd. no—
att... niliaiel,votil: Heitt4rdshite, of a DanOlicr. ,
~,,,. of
, On Sunday morning last, the Lady of C. dain-Sne'
i . •
the Sussex Militia, ofsa Son.
_. : l,ant•
1, The same Morning, at tiet,iethiiw't•liouseon'the ClaPxsal,
ioad,' the Lad. of Lieutenant-,CoWnei Qeurge C"
R..H. A'. Of allirigliter. . „ Lady
i Yostettlay, at lii4 his-ironse in DeVorishire. place, t'''
4f j. H. Tdson, 12.,q .of a Son and Heir. Honout.a:ol:.

~~

MARRIAD.
On Saturday last, by special license, at the hetisc
.'ree; Esq. of Baker-street, Sir hellingliain Be ginakt
bani, )3act., of Norton. Conyers, Yo,kshire, 143,.tr'tv".
third daughter of the late George Clark, I.s'l of
!latch; gt sew. :
The,satte day, by special license, ,in the Palace 113):PY:
ton Can't, Sir lath Fleming Leirdster, Bart. of .1.3 v
ter -
House, Cheshire, to Georgians Maria; youngest. (I",_°4,
~'„s the
Colonel Cattin, and god-daughter to his Royal J-lig"`"-
Prince of Wales.

. ..
. DIED,
On the tit inst. at Castle MenZ;es, Perthsh:re, M:1:„
M,enzies, wile of Lientei:int-Crrhmei Nienzies, and dlu°
ter-in-laW of Sir Robert Meniies, fl.rt. mr.
• On Saturdo moritirig, at his house in Camden rowil t
%V. I tenshaw, . jun. in the i6t(t yea• of his age. „curio',
The same iiav,-at tiptlei-llomettch, Mrs. Le Ni"
widow of the late Alderman Le Meil.lll'. r. o,,t
Oh StinAay la,t; at hii house at Sttaud.en-tlie-Green,
liew-briuge, iolian Z.,ti'ioii,- Esti. R.A . ,1000)
Early the same inuming, Mr. Jahn Davies, of .ine
Hill. . , ~-o.,ict of
The same evening, ',l. A. Pearson, edest "3",,l'heesc'
Mr 'Thomas Pearsott, of Bishopsgate-streer Within, %-•••_
111011,1:T.
-o.J.

it /CJ. Of

'57.06'1VN

If ESTE

Bank Stock, i 49 g 249
ISIAvy S pet Leta. toot
I fish s per, Cent.
,
4 per Cent. ea
per Cent. ked. 65
per Cent. Cons. ,66
Bank L. Ann. 17 13- laths

.R WAY.
India Stock,
liidia Bonds, 275. zSs• l'r",.
lixcheil. Bills, toy. i3s• l'"
virmium, 5i 6 dis.
Imperial 3 per Cent. I
I toil's, tbr 17tli inst. 156 i'.
