METROPOLITAN POLITICAL

SUMMART.

The Morning Chronicle of this day, in the course of a
leading article advocating Mr. Rowland Hill's plan of I
uniform penny postage, says :—" Probably no instance ever
yet occurred of a tax so universally objectionable and inex-
pedient as that of the present heavy rate of postage.
unites by a marvellous combination the different species of
mischief, each of which has usually been deemed a suffi-
cient plea for urging the repeal of en impost." Is another
article on the Jamaica question, our Contemporary observes
that any one who looks carefully and calmly at what the
state of society has been in Jamaica, and at the form of
Government which has existed there, cannot but perceive
that the Assembly has been, is, and in the nature
of things must be, the very result and representa-
tive of slavery. And this is the body to which
we are to commit the great task of educating and impro-
vini, a people newly born into freedom, as it were 1 At
war with the Parliament, at war with the Government, at
war with the missionaries, at war with the negroes—to the
paternal care of this benignant body, with the fostering
aid of its militia, are we to hand over the captives, ransomed
with our spare cash, at the bidding of the only individual
with whom they are not at war—Sir Robert Peel ? The
truth is, this Assembly ought never to have been allowed
to survive the system out of which it was compounded,
and of which it was a part. It ought to have been put an
end to in 11533, by an Act supplementary to the Act for
the abolition of slavery. When we left this Assembly in
existence, we bad scotched the snake, but not killed it."

The Times, speaking of Mr. Warburton's numerous di.
visions last night on the Copyright Bill, remarks :—" We
readily admit bat unless Mr. Sergeant Talfourd had fixed
this Bill for a Wednesday, he would not have had the least
chance of having it discussed at all, or advanced a single
stage. If Mr. Warburton will look at the matter, as
we have looked at it, we think he will arrive at the
same conclusion ; taking at the same time no shame
to himself, as we take none, for suspecting smuggling on
a smuggling day ; for the reader must understand that,
from time immemorial, all sorts of jobs have been carried
through the House of Commons on a Wednesday. With
regard to the merits of the measure, our opinions ate un-
changed. It is obviously either a useless or a mischievous
piece of legislation, and in either ease, ought not to pass.
Our only obj.‘ct in there observations has been to relieve
Mr. Sergeant Talfourd from the imputation of desiring to
smuggle it through she House." In another leading
article on the subject of the Jamaica measure, our Con.
temporary states as follows :—" When you suspended the
Constitution of Canada, the Assembly had refused the
supplies, and their partizans were in open arms against the
Mother Country. But in Jamaica there has been no
insurrection among the people, and no refusal of supply by
the Assembly. Therefore, in Jamaica you have not, what
in Canada you had, the excuse of an extreme case to jut.
tify your own extremity. The Canadians bullied to en-
force organic changes ; the only intention of the Jamaicans
was in resisting them. But if they had been ten times
more in fault than they have, what business have you to
ride over and trample them, without first calling out to
them, to keep upon the path ?"
The Morning Post, commenting on the Jamaica ques-
tion, makes the following observations:—" Suppose it be
true that the House of Assembly in Jamaica has done
what it ought to have done, let a corrective be applied
most conformable with the Constitution under which we
live, and with the stipulated terms upon which Jamaica
has belonged to us for many years. We are not to yield
to the planters of Jamaica, but neither are we to trample
upon them. Supposing them to be in fault, what is de-
manded from the supreme Government is paternal correc-
tion, not the angry and injurious violence of an imperious
master. A wise Government would take care to make the
planters of Jamaica obedient, but it would also take care
to avoid making them enemies."
The Morning Herald remarks as follows on the conduct
of Messrs. Warburton and Wakley last night in the House
of Commons, as regards the Copyright question :—" The
Members for Finsbury and Bridport are well disposed to
pick the pockets of literary men : they are most anxious,
an fact, to withhold from men of intellect hose advantages,
in the form of fair play, without which literature and science
can never prove other than losing games to their profes.
sors. Messrs. Warburton and Wakley are champions of
the aristocracy of the counter. They dread any legislative
change that may place men of literary genius ou a level
with the money.getting classes." In another article on
the Metropolitan Police measure, our Contemporary ob.
serves—" The Bill is dead already—dead as Lord Dur-
ham's Canadian dynasty, leaving about as fragrant a mem/
ory be! i d If the Coroner for Westminster sat upon
;ts remains, the verdict would be—Died by the Visita-
tion of Public Opinion l'

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

NEWMAFtKET SECOND SPRING MEETING.

Tuesday Night.
The racing to• day was confined to the Rowley-mile plate,
and a Handicip, of which we sent the results from the Heath.
The weather was fine, and almost oppressively warm ; but the
attendance, deducting the Cantabs and the market people, was
small. The show of fashionables was so poor that at peesent
it is not worth while to draw up a list. The betting-ring was
of very moderate dimensions, and sreeulation at so low an ebb
that we are unable to make acy Derby quotations.
Of the two laces alluded to above the following are addi-
tional particulars :—llandicap—Mendizabal jumped of with
the lead, but was soon headed by Gimcrack, who carried on the
running into the cords ; bare Alendixabal went up and defeated
him easily by half a length. Lord Exeter's filly was beaten off.
H. M. Hale—Courier made nearly all the runn:ng. followed
by Merganser and Express to the cords, where Mr. Rush's
Sister to Pickwick took third place. Merganser now challenged
Courier, made a fine race, but ran out from distress near the
chair and was beaten a neck. Sister to Pickwick was third, and
Hamlet last.

An improvement, which cannot be too highly spoken of, has
been effected en the race-course by enclosing the betting post
within a circle 21 feet in diameter ; this not only affords great
accommodation to speculators on foot, but, by widening the
circle for equestrians, facilitates the progress of business, and
prevents a good deal of the danger which arises from restive and
kicking horses.

Newmarket—WednesLv Afternoon.
The only race in the list for this afternoon is a Handicap
Plate, A. F., for which Colonel Peel's I-am-not. aware, 4 yrs.,
7st. 91b., and Lord Tavistock's Gimcrack, 4 yes., 6'st. 71b. will
start. As it would be ridiculous to send an express for so in-
significant a race, we shall defer particulars until our next.
The nominations for the two-year old stakes to-morrow, are
Lord Exeter's Raymond, Lord Stradbroke's !Hiss Romer and
Mr. Rayner's Ten-pound note. ,
That the entries for the plate, &c., have been so bad, is
attributed to the Gorhambury races being fixed for next week,
and for which a great number of horses are kept.

YORK SPRING MEETING—TUESDAY.
The York Derby Stakes of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., and 50 added,
for three-yr old colts, Bst. 71b., and fillies Bst. 21b. One
mile and a-half. (10 sub )
Mr. Blakclock's b. c. Commodore, by Liverpool (Lye) 1
Mr. Ilesseltine's gr. c. Bolus, by lhvsieian 2
Captain Taylor's b. c. Chatterer, Ay Jerry or Physician... 3
Mr. Orde's b. c. Johnny-boy, bro ier to Tomboy 4
Betting 7 to 4 on Commodore, 4 to 1 agst. Johnny-boy, and
7 to I agst. Chatterer.
Won easy.
The Two-year-old Stakes of 30 sous. each, 10 ft., for colts
Bst. 51b., and fillies Bst. 21b. T. Y.C. L l subs.
Colonel Anson's b. c. Nicholas, by Jerry II. Edwards 1
Mr. Briskham's ch. f. Vermilion, by Bedlamite
Mr. Hall's b. f. by The Saddler, out of sister to Chancellor 3
Mr. Howard's ch. c. Fitzroy, by Belshazzar out of Ellen... 4
Betting 7 to 4 agst the Saddler filly, 2 to 1 agst Nicholas,
and sto 2 agst Fitzroy. A good race. Won by three-quarters
of a length. _ _

'rho St. Leger Stakes of 25 sots. each, for three-year old
colts Sit. 71b., and fillies Bst. 31b. St. Leger course. 4 subs.
Mr. Stephenson's b. c. Lightfoot, by Velocipede ..J.llolmes 1
Mr. Salle's eh. c. by Mcdora, out of Hydrogen 2
Betting 5 and 6to 1 on Lightfoot. Won in a canter.

MRS.TROLLOPE'S c.MICHAEL ARMSTRONG,
TUE FACTORY Boy."—The third number of this tale has
made its appearance, and if from it and its predecessors
any opinion may be formed with regard to the racrtts of the
entire work, we incline to think that " Michael Armstrong"
will be one of the most useful, if not the most amusing of
Mrs. Trollope's productions, We hail with pleasure the
employment of the talent of such a writer in the cause of
humanity sad good morals. If the species of white slavery
which has so long existed in British factories, under the
protection of British law, does not quickly receive a severe
shock, it will not be her fault. The exposure of the ini-
quities of tke system, by means of such a work, will do
more to enlighten the public mind upon the subject thau
months' speechification in the House a Commons. In the
second number we are introduced to the family of Sir
Matthew Dowling, a purae.proud, mammon-worshipping,
cotton-knight, whose summum barium is the accumulation
of wealth; and who, like the Pharisees of old, takes care
to sound a trumpet before him when he is about to do a
deed of charity. It contains some excellent conversation
pieces, and one or two well-drawn, though perhaps some-
what over-coloured sketches of character.—Chellenham
Chronicle.

THIRD ED; TION OF LADY BULWER'S NO-
VEL.—Although not a month has elapsed since Cheveley,
or the Man of Honour, was first published, the calls for
the work have been so numerous and continued, as to have
already produced a third edition. This is indeed fulfilling
the prophetic language of the Ather.reum saying, that
Cheveley " would make the town ring with the clamour of
tongues," and fully bears out the strong tone of eulogy
passed upon the work, calling " Cheveley one of the most
brilliant fashionable Novels that has appeared for a very
long time."— United Service Journal.

Mu. BEST'S NEW WORK, " ODIOUS COMPA-
rARIsoNs ; cat, TIIF. COSMOPOLITE IN ENGLAND."—
The author of this amusing work, a gentleman of
fortune, was taken at the early age of seven to
France, where he continued to reside until his
recent return to this, his native country. His " Odious
Comparisons," as he facetiously calls them, arc between
the characteristics of the two countries ; aid the freshness
with which these strike him, often render them highly
ludicrous and amusing. Whatever were the author's
impressions, he writes them down on the instant, and thus
casts the reflezion of his own lively imagination on the
objects by K hich he is surrounded. We have seldom met
with more entertainment in a small compass, than Mr. Best
has here afforded.

SPOTS ON TILE SUN'S Disc.—Three clusters
of spots are now traversing the left side of the face of the
sun; two of which are particularly large, the nuclei in
each spot being vividly distinct. The whole may be seen
‘+ith any kind of pocket telescope or spy-glass, the eye
being protected with a piece of black glass.

John's Hall, February 6, 1839.
MY DEAR Stn,—ln reply to your inquiry 8.9 to my opi-
nion in reference to the conduct of the peasantry in this
district, I beg to assure you, that with two or three indivi-
dual exceptions, it has been most exemplary. I know almost
every one in the district personally, and I have had both,
from my own close observation, and from constant inter-
course with those who imnage the prepterticp, a knowlee.ge
of the conduct of very nearly every individual. That they
have worked well is proved by the state of the properties
in the district ; and that they have worked at fir
price is proved by the satisfaction of their employers
They are respectful to those placed ovreorpritehteynio
orderly and decent in their conduct. My congrega-
tions average more than 1,000 persons every Sunday,
and I would not fear a comparison with any congr4.
°nation in the world for regularity, attention, p
demeanor, and devotion in their attention upon Divine
-sorship. There is no unwillingness evinced Po undertal-st
any labour they arc required to do. I see the old and the
feeble engaged in tasks suited to their capabilities ; awl
the overseer of the only sugar estate i 0 this parish told me,
ceonuilL,lbgt,etorthteo pweoorpklealtlo
le4mhtmiciniciee
rtte-ogrukany hour ir: yesterday,e
y,
d
them. Evf:le'ertyh day furnishes new proof of the
the advantages of freedom, advantages not confined and
the whole.
class of the community, but which will
goes, and my judgmentguides me, I must re
As kr as soy observation
ately said, I v. aultl stake my exislt.eencifcetconu
ceat what ptuhbelicsuccess
I' 'r'v
of the present system. I am, &c.
(Signed) S I\l II " ' ART.
A letter from the lion James'' . .
bTIZ \it
Lewis Davy to tbo
Mr.
same Magistrate,.
Grant, contains important 5tAt0................,
................,
