he fate of his predecessor SELiia HI., who perished
in ale insurrection of the Janissaries, excited by the
Bathe cause about twenty years ago, may have stimu-
lated him to prompt and decisive measures, by whic
in all probability, his life and his throne have alone
been preserved.
Perhaps too an insurrection might have been anti-
cipated, and measures of precaution adopted in con-
sequence ; for it could hardly have been expected that
such a lawless band as the Janissaries are' known to be,
would submit to be placed under European discipline
without revoltigg against the autho ity which they have
so frequently resisted with success. The Janissaries
are stated to be dividecl into 160 Orlas or 'Regiments,
each estimated at 1000 ; 40,000 men remain as a
permanent garrison at ConstaiNinople ; the remainder
are distributed through the provii:ces of the empire.
Formerly the corps of the Janissa:ies were the pride
and strength of the Ottoman Empire--now they are
its disgrace. Taken from the dregs of tbe,
op palace,
addicted to every vice, they are without discipline, and
even without bravery ; they are so slovenly thi.`t mans
ate seen at reviews without musket or sabre.
The debasement of this corps may be ascribed prin•
cipally to the Mariner in which it is recruited. Christiait
renegadoes, Jews, Pagua, all are accepted who are in
need of the wretched soup the Sultan causes to
be given to his comrades, for he is himself inscribed
pu the list of the Janissaries.
With respect to the observations of the Etoile that
this revolt will probably render the Divan more acre,-
siblc to the representation of the European Powers'
we confess that we are inclined to form a differeNt#P
Pi-
nion of its probable effect upon the Councils 01 the
Porte. Experience has never shown that success
los
rendered the Ottoman Government less arrogant, or
more reasonable : and the extermination (if it Pl°
taken place as stated) of those who constantly en*
danger the tranquillity of the Empire, will rather, Ws
think, add to the confidence and presumption of its
Rulers. As long as the standard of Mahomet, who
displayed, can rally round it a whole population, and
the doctrines of the Koran command its servitude, ft'
naticism will age the Divan to pursue with reddest
vengeance its object of effecting the subjugation and
slavery of the Christian inhabitants of Greece, as are'
volted Province. It is not therefore in the effect which
temporary anarchy in the Capital, can produce that v'c
look for the establishment of thethat
unhappy of
unhappy Country. That object will be efferted by the
native spirit of its people, directed and influenced as Lt
will shortly be, by the energies of a man whose manic P'
such a cause is a tower of strength.

Dutch Papers to the 11th inst. have been received'
They mention that the Batavia Gazette of the m
March contains several important decrees respecting
the currency in the Colonies. Most of the decrees
are stated to be dated the end of February or the ba'
ginning of March. By 'the first, the Indiao Florin is
fixed upon as the standard, and divided into 20 Stis
vers ; and it is ordered that all Rupees, excel): the:
Sicca Rupee, should be exchanged within ten days, a'
the rate of 20 Stivers for 30 Indian Stivers, and OP
that time, be no longer taken in payment in the pubilei
offices. The Paper Currency is also to be exchstnr`
at the rate of a Netherland florin for a florin. °
other coins left in circulation are :—The Doubloon for.
40 florins, the Ducal for 3 f. 5, the Piastre faLf. I I'
ders,
,t9hA7ast t
iilonirudnt
o withdrawstoe
and the Sicca Rupee for If. 4. A second decree or'
is.ofiffiev five florins millions
asp of
d2a,0y51.5 Paper CurrencYf
ll
ba
Japanese e s e exchanged
copper i:o3:°s
from circulation, and allows only eight days for the
exchange. By a fourth, all Bonds issued by the }sat
India Government at 9 per cent., which were to be
called in, are allowed to circulate till next December,
at the reduced rate of 6 per cent.

The following interesting private letter, retitive to
the policy of some of the Great Powers of Europe, ib
taken from the last French Papers

been spread that the intgi
Mayexcir, Jura. 2.—A report has
had a political object, and that Prince Aletternich, who contrived)
r
it, was present. Subsequent circumstances have given the, bOL,
o
view between the Emperor of Austria and the King of Bavaria::
Gazette. In this
from a town on the banks of the Danube, in which the anther,
ewtinbede: letter presumed tion of the enigma,
inwipheierhul,
was the terror of all the revolutionists in the Om"
affirms that he
after lavishing eulogiums on the famous statesman of the Neill"
able t°
and that his piercing eye, which reads all hearts, was also
keep them in awe.
This phrase produced such an effect, that it was repeated with
enthusiasm in all circles. A few days afterwars, the same.leff.
nibnyedthteo
bUenwtoreittr.7
nal had a-letter from the Maine, in which it was observed that
de Chateaubriand had not always the same opinions with respect
to the Greeks that he now professes, and that the noble Vi"e°l`,
nt
philanthropic views of the Emperor Alexander, in favat
by acting at Vienna the part of a Turk, had contributed to chef
the
the Greeks.
ea
The insertion of these two letters in a BaVarian journals the
when the two monarchs were engaged in business, has led to
inference that they were to serve as an introduction of Prillce
Metternich to King Louis.
It is considered as certain that the Austrian statesman, for
to seek an ally among the German Princes who are friends -ef
Greeks, bast cast his eyes on a near relation of the EuiPertto
Austria, and whom the ties of blood might induce to enter
eb
projects equally advantageons to the two sovereigns, and, w•b--,i.,
must deprive Prussia of all hope of opposing the views of 'nu'tr.
relative to the affairs of the German Confederatim The step taken by M. de Metternich is ably concsivati ; he
bed
' has followed the Example of Napoleon, when the latter attac ,
Bavaria to himself, as a support, against Austria and 11111_46sulopi
But the monarch who now governs Bay • will not easily
the policy of the Cabinet of Austria, when it clashes with the
terests of his own kingdom. The King of Prussia,,,„
ii
obligedt to make common muse with the Emperor of Raw"' relaive and his ally, will assume amidst decisive tone in the d
berations of the Diet of Francfort. Prussia has been guilt,' °Ofrth,
unpardonable fault in the eyes of the great Statelanen of the 14 is
by giving in Germany the find example of public subscriPti°6l to
favour of the Greeks, and authorising the German Journal'
plead the cause of the enemies of the Crescent.
The policy of Austria has never been in so difficult a 31,14 ,It is responsible to Russia fur the faults of the Diveitn--realaa—;
in a manner, to England, for the proceedings of the Russian..„,
binet, and deeply interested iu maintaining its great Prerchs'
derance in Germany, at the moment when all the States 0.0
Confederation are declaring for the canoe of the Greeks. sll
M. de Metternich is too able a diplomatiSt not to surintain
these obstacles, notwithstanding the unpleasant circumstance
'
the introduction of a Constitutional Chamber at Lisbon.
It is said that he has just given counter orders to the SOO ita.ll:.
triazi officers who were to go to Brazil, lest on their return 6'4
should spread democratical principles in Austria. It is said,, I,r,
a system of neutrality which he cannot hope
that he will not go to Paria, where he fears he will rust "1"1
second disappointment, because the French Cabinet have OW
to alter.

We received this morning Caraceas Papers to ti°
ist of June. They contain an Address fro°
General NEL to the inhabitants of Venezuela, calling
on them to arm for their mutual protection, 10
from foreign foes, but from the machinatioo
of self-interested individuals. It appears by
letter from PA zz to Box, YARD that Genes'
