Amusement.

EMPLOYMENT AND INVESTMENT.
AGENTLEMAN capable of advancing
from ONE to TWO THOUSAND POUNDS,
and desirous of employing the whole or part of his time,
may do so advantageously and safely, without Partnership,
an a pursuit of a gentlemanly character. If his connexions
are extensive, the pecuniary advantages would be consi-
derably greater. This would suit any young man of gen-
tlemanly habits and small capital, desirous of obtaining a
general knowledge of business. Addres (post paid) to W. J.,
No. 26, Fenchurch-street.

FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE, AND ANNUITIES.
This day was published, in Svo. price Ss. boards,
THE LAW of FIRE and LIFE IN-
SURANCE and ANNUITIES, with Practical
Observations.
By CHARLES ELLIS, E.g.
Of Lincoln's Inn, Barrister at Law.
Lo'Won : Saunders and Benning, 43, Fleet-street.

NEW WORK by the AUTHOR of " HAJJI BABA."
On Tuesday next will be published, in 3 vols. post Svo.
ZOHRAB, THE HOSTAGE.
By the Author of " Haiji Baba."
Henry Colburn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
Street.

Now ready, in Svo. the Third Volume of the English
Translation of the
MEMOIRS of MADAME JUNOT,
(DUCHESS of ABRANTES.)
Comprising the Fifth and Sixth Volumes of the Paris
Edition, and including anecdotes of Lord and Lady Choi-
. inondeley, the Duchess of Gordon, Lord and Lady Co-
nYngharn, the Duchess of Dorset, Lord Yarmouth, the
late King, Pitt, Fox, &c. &c.
Henry Colburn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-
street.
This day were published, price 10s. 64., Fifth Edition,
I PAROCHIAL SERMONS, preached at
GLASBURY, BRECKNOCKSHIRE.
'By the Rev. C. BRADLEY, Vicar of Glasbury.
Printed for Hamilton, Adams, and Co., Paternoster row.
SERMONS
By the same Author,
preached at CLAPHAM. Second Edtion,
price 10s. 6d.
SERMONS preached at HIGH WYCOMBE. Eighth
Edition. Two vols. price 2l s.
.A Selection of PSALMS and HYMNS for public wor-
Oup• price 28. 64.

COLONEL HAWKER ON SHOOTING.
Svo. Sixth Edition, with an Abridgment of the New
Game Laws, and Thirty Plates and Cuts, 18s. cloth,
INSTRUCTIONS to YOUNG SPORTS-
MEN in all that relates to Guns and Shooting—Dif-
ference between the Flint and Percussion System—Preser
vation of Game—Getting Access to all Kinds of Birds—
Specific
Directions, with new Apparatus, for Wild Fowl
Shooting, both on the Coast and in Fresh Water—New
Directions for Trout Fishing—and Advice to the Young
Sportsman on other Subjects.
By Lieut.-Col. P. HAWKER.
Colonel Hawker is one of the best shots in England, and his
• Instructions to Sportsmen' the very best book we have on the
Eubject."—Blackwood's Mag.
• London : Longman, Rees, Orme,Brown, Green, and Co.

BRITISH COLLEGE OF HEALTH,
KING'S CROSS, NEW-ROAD, LONDON.
I"HR.ISON'S UNIVERSAL VEGETABLE MEDICINE.

Mr. DREW, SHEFFIELD!

Slao--As the Cholera prevails so bad in the town of
Sheffield, and my Wife, Alethea Broadhead, having been
cured of that dreadful disease, (by Morrison's Pills only,)
I wish to make it as public as possible, for the benefit of
irlY fellow-creatures; truging that none who have any
regard for their lives will be withont this Medicine, as I
firmly believe it to be a certain preven•ive and cure against
this dire disease, which is carrying off so many of our neigh-
bours daily and hourly. My wife was taken ill on Friday,
the 20th instant, with the usual concomitants of Cholera.
A Doctor was called in, who said he could cure her, but
she became worse; on Sunday night the Doctor declared
it to be the Cholera, and requested her to be sent to the
Cholera Hospital, as he should decline attending her at
home. This alarmed us both. On the following morning,
hearing of an advertisement in the paper, that Morrison's
Universal Medicine was a certain cure, I applied to you,
Sir, for the Medicine, and it was taken by your directions.
The first two doses were soon rejected frotn off the
stomach, but by repeating with strong doses she soon got
a passage, and by continuing the Medicine every four
hours for two days, I am happy to say the pains and
sickness left her, and she is so far recovered as to take food
and sleep well.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
THOMAS BROADHEAD.
No. 5, High-street Lane, Sheffield Moor.

On Monday morning, July 23, Thos. Cook and Amelia
his wife, from Doncaster, then at Mrs. Morgan's, No. 33,
Water-lane, Sheffield, were seized with the Cholera, with
purging and vomiting, with cramp and spasms in the
breast and bowels; they immediately applied to me, and
I administered the universal medicine in strong and re-
peated doses; and on Wednesday morning they were both
well, and called to return their grateful thanks for their
wonderful cure.
Reference at Mrs. Morgan's. J. DREW.

Mr. DaEw, Sul,— On Friday, 27th July, at half past
twelve at night, I was obliged to call you out of bed for
Medicine for my wife, Sarah Mitchell, who was suddenly
attacked with the Cholera, with agonizing cramp in the
stomach and bowels, her legs drawn stiff and cold (she
had been attending a next-door neighbour, who had died
a few days before with the above disease), I administered
plentiful and strong doses of Morrison's Medicine to her,
with every other attention requisite, and am happy to say
on Sunday she was perfectly well.
GEORGE MITCFIELL,
30th July, 1832, 93, Spring-street, Sheffield.

George Pinder's daughter, taken ill of Cholera, on
Saturday night, applied instantly for Medicine, and took
them plentifully, and was cured in ten hours.
For particulars apply at No. 3, Hick's-lane, Westbar.
30th July, 1832.

The " Vegetable Universal Medicines" are to be bad at
the College, New-road, King's-cross, London ; at the
Surrey Branch, 96, Great Surrey-street, Blackfriars; at
Mr. Field's, 16, Air-street, Quadrant; Mr. Chappel's,
Royal Exchange ; Mr. Walker's, Lamb's Conduit-passage,
Red Lion-square; Mr. J. Lofts, 10, Mile End-road; Mr.
Bennett's, Covent-garden-market ; Mr. Haydon's, Fleur-
de.lia.court, Norton Falgate ; Mr. Haslett's, 118, Rat-
cliffe-highway ; Messrs. Norhury's, Brentford ; Mrs.
Stepping's, Clare-market; Messrs. Salmon's, Little Bell-
alley ; Miss Varral's, 24, Lucas-street, Commercial_road
Mrs. Beech's, '7, Sloane-square, late of Sloane-street, Chel-
'*4 ; Mr. Chapple,
Royal Library, Pall-mall ; Mrs. Cle-
tnents, 12, Bridge-street, Southwark; Mr. Kirtlam, 4, Bo-
lingbroke-row, Walworth ; Mr. Pain, 64, Jermyn-street ;
Mr. Howard, Hair-dresser, Richmond ; Mr. Meyar, 3,
May's-buildings, Blackheath ; Mr. Griffiths, Wood Wharf,
Greenwich; Mr. B. Pitt, 1, Cornwall-road, Lambeth; Mr.
J. Dobson, 35, Craven-street, Strand ; Mr. Oliver, Bridge_
street, Vauxhall ; Mr. J. Monk, Bexley Heath ; Mr. T.
Stokes, 12, St. Roman's, Dartford ; Mr. Cowell, 22,
Terrace, ; Mr. Parfitt, 96, Edgware-road ; Miss
C. Atkinson, 19, Trinity Grounds, Deptford; Mr. Taylor,
Ifauwell ; Mr. Coverley, Bow-bridge, Stratford ; Mrs. J.
,Moore, Woolwich ; and at one Agent's in every principal
town in Great Britain, the Islands of Guernsey and
Malta, and throughout the whole of the United States
°f America.

N. B..—The College will not be answerable for the con-
sequences of any Medicines sold by any Chemist or Drug-
gist, es none such are allowed to sell the " Universall
Medicines."

The following is a Bill, presented to Congress
by Mr. Adams, from the Committee on Manufac-
tures, entitled " A Bill to alter and amend the se-
veral Acts relative to Duties on Imports :"--
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa.
tives of the United States of Ames ica, in Congress assem-
bled, that from and after the 3d day of March, 1833, the
Act entitled "An Act in alteration of the several Acts
imposing duties on Imports," approved the 18th of May,
1828, shall be repealed ; except so far as the same shall
he necessary for the recovery and collection of all duties
which shall have accrued under the said Act, and for the
recovery, collection, distribution, and remission of all
floes, penalties, and forfeitures which may have been in-
curred under the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, that in lieu of the
duties now imposed by law on the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid the following duties, that is to say :-
Ist. Wool, unmanufactured, the value whereof, at the
place of exportation, shall not exceed eight cents per
pound, shall be imported free of duty ; on wool, unmanu-
factured, the value whereof, at the place of exportation,
shall exceed eight cents, shall be levied four cents per
pound, and thirty-five per cent. ad valorem. Provided,
that wool imported an the skin shall be estimated, as to
weight sad value, as other wool.
2d. On manufactures of wool, or of which wool is a
component part, not otherwise specified, the value whereof
shall not exceed forty cents a sqnare yard, five per cent.
ad valorem ; on worsted stuff goods, ten per cent. ad
valorem; on worsted yarn, twenty per cent. ad valorem ;
on woollen yarn, four cents per pound, and thirty-five per
cent. ad valorem ; on 'nits, gloves, bindings, blankets,
hosiery, and carpets and carpeting, twenty-five per cent.,
except Brussels carpeting, which shall be at fifty cents the
square yard—ingrained carpeting at forty-five cents the
square yard—and Venetian carpeting at twenty-two and a
half cents the square yard—and, except blankets, the value
whereof at the place from whence exported shall not ex-
ceed seventy-five cents, the duty to be levied upon which
shall be five per cent. ad valorem; on flannels, baize',
coach laces, thirty-five per cent. ; and upon all other ma-
nufacture of wool, or of which wool is a competent part,
and on ready-made clothing, fifty per cent.*
3d. On all manufactures of cotton, or of which cotton
shall be a component part, twenty-five per cent. ad va-
lorem ; excepting cotton twist, yarn, and thread, whirls
shall remain at the rate of duty fixed by the Act to
amend the several Acts imposing duties on imports, of the
22d of May, 1821 : And provided, that all manufactures
of cotton, or of which cotton shall be a component Flo,
not dyed, coloured, printed, or stained, not exceeding i❑
value thirty cents the square yard, shall be valued at thirty
cents per square yard, and if dyed, coloured, printed, or
stained, not exceeding in value thirty-five cents the square
yard, shall be valued at thirty-five cents per square yard ;
and on nankeens, imported direct from China, twenty per
cent. ad valorem.

. .
4th. On all stamped, printed, or painted floor-cloths,
forty-three cents a square yard ; on oil cloths of all kinds,
other than that usually denominated floor cloth, twelve
and a half cents the square yard ; and on floor matting,
usually made of flags or other materials, thirty per cent,
ad valorem.

--5;1,:-6:; iron, i❑ bars or bolts, not manufactured in
whole or in part by rolling, ninety cents per one hundred
and twelve pounds.
6th. On bar and bolt iron made wholly or in part by
rolling, thirty dollars per ton : Provided, that all iron in
slabs, blooms, loops, or other form less finished than iron
in bars or bolts, and more advanced than pig iron, except
casting, shall be rated as iron in bars or bolts, and pay
duty accordingly.
7th. On iron in pigs, fifty cents per one hundred and
twelve pounds ; on vessels of cast iron, not otherwise spe-
cified, one and a half cent per pound ; on all other castings
of iron, not otherwise specified, one cent per pound.
Bth. On iron or steel wire not exceeding No. 14, and
exceeding No. 20, five cents per pound ; exceeding No.
14, and not exceeding 20, nine cents per pound.
9th. On round iron or braziers' rods of 'three-six-
teenths to eight-sixteenths of an inch diameter, in-
clusive, and on iron in nail or spike rods or nail
plates, slit, rolled, or hammered, and on iron in
sheets, and hoop iron, and on iron slit, rolled, or ham-
mered for band iron, scroll iron, or casement rods, three
cents per pound ; on iron spikes, four cents per pound ;
on iron nails, cut or wrought, five cents per pound; on
tacks, brads, and sprigs, not exceeding sixteen ounces to
the thousand, five cents per thousand, exceeding six-
teen ounces to the thousand, five cents per pound ; on
square wire used for the manufacture of stretchers for um-
brellas twelve per cent. ad valorem; on anvils
and anchors, and all parts thereof, manufactured in
whole or in part, two cents per pound ; on iron cables or
chains, or parts thereof, teanufactured in whole or in part,
three cents per pound, and no drawback ahall be al-
lowed on the exportation of iron cables or parts thereof; on
mill cranks and mill irons or wrought iron, four cents
per pound ; on mill saws, one dollar each ; on black-
smiths' hammers and sledges, two and a half cents per
pound ; on muskets one dollar and fifty cents per stand ;
on rifles, two dollars and fifty cents each ; on all other
fire-arms, thirty per cent. ad valorem.
10th. On axes, adzes, hatchets, drawing knives, cutting
knives, sickles, or reaping kooks, scythes, spades, shovels,
squares of iron or steel, bridle bits of all descriptions,
steel-yards and scale beams, socket chissels, vices and
screws of iron called wood screws, thirty per cent. ad
valorem: Provided, that said articles shall not be imported
at a less rate of duty than would hare been chargeable on
the material constituting their chief value, if imported in
an unmanufactured state.

I I th. On steel, one dollar and fifty cents per one
hundred and twelve pounds.
12th. On japanned wares of all kinds, on plated wares
of all kinds, and on all manufactures, not otherwise speci-
fied, made of brass, iron, steel, pewter, lead, or tin, or of
which either of these metals is a component material, a
duty of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem: Provided, that
all articles manufactured in whole of sheet, rod, hoop,
bolt, or bar iron, or of iron wire, or of which sheet, rod,
hoop, bolt, or bar iron, •r iron wire shall constitute the
greatest weight, and which are not otherwise specified,
shall pay the same duty per pound that is charged by this
Act on sheet, rod, hoop, bolt, or bar iron, or on iron wire,
of the same number respectively: Provided also, that the
said last .mentioned rates shall not be less than the said duty
of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem.
13th. That all scraps and old iron shall pay a duty of
twelve dollars and fifty cents per ton ; that nothing shall
be deemed old iron that has not been in actual use ; and
all pieces of iron, except old iron, of more than six inches
in length, shall be rated as bar, bolt, rod, or hoop iron,
as the case may be, and pay duty accordingly
11th. On unmanufactured hemp, thirty-five dollars
per ton ; on sail duck, ten cents a square yard ; and on
cotton bagging, three and a half cents per square yard.
15th. On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall be a component part, coining from beyond the Cape
of Good Hope, thirty per cent. ud valorem; and on all
other manufactures of silk, or of which silk shall be a
component part, eighteen per cent., excepting sewing silk,
which shall be forty per cent.

16th. On brown sugar, and syrup of sugar cane, in
casks, two and a half cents per pound, and on white clayed
or powdered sugar, three and one-third cents per pound.
17th. On salt, ten cents per fifty-six pounds.
ISth. On coffee, half a cent per pound.
19th. On teas of all kinds imported from China, or
other places east of the C tire of Good Hope, and in vessels
of the United States, one cent. per. pound ; on all teas
imported from any other place, or in vessels other than
vessels of the United States, ten cents per pound.
20th. On slates of all kinds, 25 per cent. ad valorem.
21st. On window glass, not above eight by ten inches
in size, three dollars per hundred square feet ; not above
ten by twelve inches, three dollars and fifty cents per
hundred square feet; and if above ten by twelve inches,
four dollars per hundred square feet : Provided, that all
window
glass imported in plates, uncut, shall be charged
with the highest rates of duty hereby imposed ; on all
apothecaries' phials and bottles, exceeding the capacity of
six, and not exceeding the capacity of sixteen ounces each,
two dollars and twenty-five cents the
gross ; all perfu-
mery and fancy
phials and bottles, not exceeding the capa-
city of four ounces each, two dollars and fifty cents the
•It was thus published in the Te ) g Ind so subsequently
copied into the National Intelligence- ; but the Editor of the
Nrw York National Advocate ver decidedlyee says, that the duty
on cloths is proposed in this Billyto be only 35 per cent. ad va-
lorem, or less than the proposed dtity on wool, because of the
additional specific duty to be levied upon it. It is rather strange
that if so important an error was made in the Washington
pers it has not been corrected..—Ed, Reg.

gross, and those exceeding four ounces and not exceeding
sixteen ounces each, three dollars and twenty-five cents the
gross ; on all wares of cut glass not specified, thirty per
cent. ad valorem, and on all other articles of glass, not
specified, twenty per cent. ; on piper hangings, forty per
cent. ; on all Leghorn hats or bonnets, and all hats or
bonnets of straw, chip, or grass, and all flats, braids, or
plats for making hats or bonnets, thirty per cent. ; on
porcelain, china, earthen and stone wares of all kinds,
twenty per cent. ; on the following articles twelve and a
half per cent. ad valorem, viz. whalebone, the product of
foreig❑ fishing, raw silk, and dressed furs; and on the fol-
lowing articles twenty-five per cent ad valorem, viz.
cabinet wares, boards, planks, walking canes and sticks,
frames or sticks for umbrellas and parasols, and all manu-
factures of wood not otherwise specified ; copper vessels,
and all manufactures of copper not otherwise specified ;
all manufactured of hemp or flax not otherwise specified ;
hats and caps of fur, leather, or wool; whips, bridles,
saddles, and all manufactures of leather, ❑ot otherwise apes
cified ; manufactures of marble, fans, artificial flowers,
ornamental feathers, ornaments for head dresses, caps for
women, and milinery of all kinds ; comfits and sweetmeats
of all kinds, preserved in sugar or brandy; carriages and
parts of carriages; umbrellas and parasols of whatever
material made; parchments and vellum, blank books,
wafers and black lead pencils, and brushes of all kinds.
22d. On olive oil, in casks, twenty cents a gallon.
23d. On the wines of France, viz. red wines in casks,
six cents a gallon ; white wines in casks, ten cents a
gallon ; and French wines of all sorts in bottles, twenty-
two cents a gallon.
24th. On the following articles an ad valorem duty of
fifteen per cent., vie.—Barley, grass, or straw baskets ;
composition, wax, or amber beads; all other beads not
enumerated ; lamp black, shell, or paper boxes; hair,
bracelets, hair not made up for head dresses, bricks, paving
tiles, broofs of hair or palm of leaf, cashmere of Thihet,
down of all kinds, feathers for beds, palm leaf or palmetto
hats.

25th. All articles not herein specified, either as free or
as liable to a different duty, and which by the existing
laws pay an ad valorem duty higher than fifteen per cent..
to pay an ad valorem duty of fifteen per cent. from and
after the said 3d day of March, 1833.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, that, in addition to
the articles exempted from duty by the existing laws, the
following articles imported from and after the 3d day of
March, 1833, shall be exempted from duty ; that is to
say, cocoa, almonds, currants, prunes, figs, raisins in jars
and boxes, all other raisins, black pepper, ginger, mace,
nutmegs, cinnamon, cassia, cloves, pimento, camphor,
corks, crude saltpetre, flax unmanufactured, quicksi!ver,
opium, quills unprepared, tin in plates and sheets, marble,
hair cloth and seatings, argol, gum arabic, gum senegal,
epaulets of gold and silver, sac dye, madder, madder root,
nuts, and berries used in dying, sumach, saffron, turmeric,
woad, or pastil, aloes, ambeigis, Burgundy pitch, bark
(Peruvian), cochineal, capers, camomile flowers, coriander
seed, cantharides, castanus, catsup, chalk, coculus
indicus, coral, dates, filberts, filtering stones, frank-
incense, grapes, gamboge, hemlock, henbane, hones,
horn plates for lanthorns, ox horns, other horns and tips,
India rubber, ipecacuanha, ivory unmanufactured, ivory
black, juniper berries, mill-stones, musk, nuts of all kinds,
olives, oil of juniper, paintings and drawings, rattans un-
manufactured, reeds unman ufactured, rhubarb, rotten
stone, tamarinds, tortoiseshell, tinfoil, shellac, sponges,
sago, spy glasses, telescopes, sextants, quadrants, hair pen-
cils, Brazil paste, tartar crude, vegetables, such as are used
principally in dying and in composing dyes, weld, and all
articles used principally for dying, coming under the duty
of 12i per cent. ; all other drugs and materials for com-
posing dyes ; all other medicinal drugs, and all articles not
enumerated in this Act nor the existing laws, and which
are now liable to an ad valorem duty of 15 per cent., ex-
cept tartar emetic and Rochelle salts.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, that from and after
the 3d day of March aforesaid, so much of any Act of
Congress as requires the addition of ten or twenty per cent.
to the cost or value of any goods, wares, or merchandise,
in estimating the duty thereon, or as imposes any duty on
such addition, shall be repealed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, that from and after
the 3d day of March aforesaid, where the amount of duty
on merchandise, except wool, manufactures of wool, or of
which wool is a component part, imported into the United
States in any ship or vessel, on account of one person
only, or several persons jointly interested, shall not exceed
200 dollars, the same shall be paid in cash, without dis.
count ; and if it shall exceed that sum, shall, at the option
of the importer or importers, be paid, or secured to be
paid, in the manner now required by laws, one-half in
three and one-half in six calendar months ; and that, from
and after the said 3d day of March, so much of the sixty-
second section of the Act, entitled " An Act to regulate
the collection of duties on imposts and tonnage," approved
the 2d of March, 1799, as authorises the deposit of teas,
under the bond of the importer or importers, shall be re-
pealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, that from and after
the 3d day of March aforesaid, the duties on all wool,
manufactures of wool, or of which wool is a component
part, shall be paid in cash, without discount, or, at the
option of the importer, be placed in the public stores,
under bond, at his risk, subject to the payment of the
customary storage and charges, and to the payment of in-
terest at the rate of six per cent. per annum while so
stored : Provided, that the duty on the articles so stored
shall be paid one-half in three and one-half in six months
frotn the date of importation : Provided also, that if
any instalment of duties be not paid when the same shall
have become due, so much of the said merchandise as may
be necessary to discharge such instalment shall be sold at
public auction, and, retaining the sum necessary for the
payment of such instalment of the duties, together with
the expenses of safe keeping and sale of such goods, the
overplus, if any, shall be returned by the collector to the
importer or owner, or to his agent or lawful representa-
tive : And provided also, that the importer, owner, or
consignee of such goods, may, at any time after the de-
posit shall have been made, withdraw the whole or any
part thereof, on paying the duties on what may be with-
drawn, and the customary storage and charges, and the
interest.

Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, that in all cases
where the duty which now is, or hereafter may be, imposed
on any goods, wares, or merchandise, imported into the
United States, shall, by law, be regulated by, or be di-
rected to be estimated or levied upon, the value of the
square yard, or of any other quantity or parcel thereof,
and in all cases where there is or shall be imposed any ad
valorem rate of 'duty on any goods, wares, or merchandise
imported into the United States, it shall be the duty of the
collector within whose district the same shall be im-
ported or entered, to cause the actual value thereof, at the
time purchased, and place from which the same shall have
been imported into the United States, to be appraised, es-
timated, and ascertained, and the number of such yards,
parcels, or quantities, and such actual value of every of
them, as the case may require; and it shall, in every such
case, be the duty of the appraisers of the United States,
and every of them, and of every other person who shall
act as such appraiser, by all the reasonable ways or means
in his or their power, to ascertain, estimate, and appraise
the true and actual value, any invoice or affidavit thereto
to the contrary notwithstanding, of the said goods, wares,
and merchandise, at the time purchased, and place from
whence the same shall have been imported into the United
States, and the number of such yards, parcels, or quantities,
and such actual value of every of them, as the case may
require; and all such goods, wares, and merchandise,
being manufactures of wool, or whereof wool shall be a
component part, which shall be imported into the United
States in an unfinished condition, shall, in every such
appraisal, he taken, deemed, and estimated by the said ap-
praisers, and every of them, and every person who shall
act as such appraiser, to have been, at the time purchased,
and place from whence the same were imported into the
United States, of as great actual value as if the same had
been entirely finished : provided, that in all cases where
any goods, wares, or merchandise, subject to ad valorem
duty, or whereon the duty is or shall be by law regulated
by, or be directed to be estimated or levied upon, the value
of the square yam d, or any other quantity or parcel thereof,
shall have been imported into the United States from a
country other than that in which the same were manu-
factured or produced, the appraisers shall value the same
at the current value thereof at the time of purchase, be-
fore such last exportation to the United States, in the
country where the saint may have Leen originally manu-
factured or produced.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, that it shill be
lawful for the appraisers to call before them, and examine
upon oath, any owner, importer, consignee, or other per-
aon touching any matter or thing which they may deem
material in ascertaining the true value of any merchandise

i mported, and to require the production, on oath, of any
etters, accounts, or invoices, in his possession, relating to
the same; for which purpose they are hereby authorised
to administer oaths. And if any person so called, shall
fail to attend, or shall decline to answer or to produce
such papers when so required, he shall forfeit and pay to
the United States fifty dollars ; and if such person be the
owner, importer, or consignee, the appraisement which the
said appraisers may make of the goods, wares, and mer-
ohandise, shall be final and conclusive, any act of Con-
gress to the contrary notwithstanding. And any person
who shall swear falsely on such examination, shall be
deemed guilty of perjury, and if he he the owner, im-
porter, or consignee, the merchandise shall he forfeited.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction
of the President of the United States, from time to time
to establish such rules and regulations, not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States, as the President of
the United States shall think proper, to secure a just,
faithful, and
.impartial appraisal of all goods, wares, and
merchandise, as aforesaid, imported into the United States,
and just and proper entries of such actual value thereof,
and of the square yards, parcels, or other quantities there-
of, as the case may require, and of such actual value of
every of them ; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to report all such rules and regulations,
with the reasons therefore, to the then next Session of
Congress.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, that from and after
the third day of March aforesaid, in consideration of the
duties imposed on the several articles used in the construc-
tion and fitting of ships and vessels, there be allowed a
drawback at the rate of two dollars per ton on registered
vessels, of one dollar and twenty-five cents per ton on en-
rolled and licensed vessels, except steamboats, and fifty
cents per ton on steamboats; such drawback to be paid,
as the case may be, to the owners of enrolled and licensed
vessels on the taking out of the enrolment and licence for
the first time, if such vessels shall not have been previously
registered ; and to the owners of registered vessels on
clearing, for the first time, for a foreign port or place,
other than an adjoining state or territory, or the West
Indies: Provided, that such vessels shall not have been
previously enrolled and licensed ; and in case registered
vessels not previously enrolled and licensed shall, in the first
instance, clear out for a foreign port or place, in an adjoin-
ing state or territory, or the West Indies, then the draw-
back to such vessel is only to be at the rate of one dollar
and twenty-five cents per ton.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, than an addition of
ten per centum shall be made to the several rates of duties
by this Act imposed, in respect to all goods, wares, and
merchandise, on the importation of which, in American or
foreign vessels, a specific discrimin ition has not already
been made, which, from and after the third day of March
aforesaid, shall he imported in ships or vessels not of the
United States : Provided, that this additional duty shall
not apply to goods, wares, and merchandise which shall
be imported after said day in ships or vessels not of the
United States, entitled by treaty or by an Act or Acts of
Congress to be entered in the ports of the United States,
on the payment of the same duties as shall be paid on goods,
wares, and merchandise imported in ships or vessels of the
United State*.
Sec. 12. And he it further enacted, that there shall
be allowed a drawback of the duties by this Act imposed,
on goods, wares, and merchandise which shall be im-
, ported from and after the third day of March, upon the
exportation thereof, within the time, and in the manner,
prescribed in the existing laws at this time.
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, that the existing
laws at the time shall extend to and be in force for the
collection of the duties imposed by this act on goods,
wares, and merchandize which shall be imported into the
United States from and after the third day of March, and
for the recovery, collection, distribution, and remission of
all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and for the allowance
of drawbacks by this Act authorised, as fully and effec-
tually as if every regulation, restriction, penalty, forfei-
ture, provision, clause, matter, and thing in the then
existing laws contained had been inserted in and re-
enacted by this Act. And that so much of any Act
which is contrary to this Act shall be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 14. And be it tfurther enacted, that whenever
goods composed wholly or in part of wool or cotton of
similar kind, but different quality, are found in the same
packages charged at an average price, it shall be the duty
of the appraisers to adopt the value of the best article con-
tained in such package, and so charged as the average
value of the whole; and that so much of the Act entitled
" An Act for the more effectual collection of the Impost
Duties," approved the 28th of May, 1830, as requires the
appraisers to adopt the value of the best article contained
in a package as the average value of the whole, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, that whenever,
upon the opening and examination of any package or
packages of imported goods, composed wholly or in part
of wool or cotton, in the manner provided by the fourth
section of the Act for the more effectual collection of the
Impost Duties, approved on the 28th of May, 1830, the
said goods shall be found not to correspond with the entry
thereof at the Custom-house, and if any package shall
be found to contain any article not entered, such article
shall be forfeited; or, if the package be made up with
intent to evade or defraud the Revenue, the package shall
be forfeited ; and so much of the said section as prescribes
a forfeiture of goods found not to correspond with the
invoice thereof, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, that, from and
after the said third of March, 1833, the ad valorem rates
of duty on goods, wares, and merchandise shall be esti-
mated in the manner following :—To the actual cost, if
the same shall have been actually purchased, or the actual
value of the tame shall have been procured otherwise than
by purchase, at the time and place when and where pur-
chased or otherwise procured ; or to the appraised value,
if appraised, shall be added all charges, except insurance.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. that, from and
after the said third day of March, 1833, in calculating
the rates of duties, the pound sterling shall be consi-
dered and taken as of the value of four dollars and
eighty cents.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, that, from and
after the passing of this Act, all expressed juice of sugar
cane, and all syrup for making sugar, shall pay the same
duty as brown sugar, and the fossil and crude mineral salt
shall pay the same duty as salt.

SECON D EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o' Clod.

IMPERIAL PA R LIAM EN T

1 HIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKER, on the summons of the Deputy Usher
of the Black Rod, proceeded to the House of Peers, to
hear the Royal Assent given to several Bills, for which
see the Lords' Report.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL brought up the Report of
the Committee, with amendments, on the Marquis of Lon-
donderry's Estate Bill, which were read a second time.
Mr. SHAW presented petitions from the parish of St.
Bridget, Dublin, against the Grand Jury Assessments,
and from the attornies and solicitors of Ireland, praying
to be relieved from a certain tax that is levied upon them.
The Hon. Member said the tax was so small in amount,
that its abolition would be not only not inconvenient to the
revenue, but it would be but just to the parties.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL was aware that the tax
complained of was a matter for consideration whether it
was worth while to persist in collecting it.
Mr. SHAW then presented petitions from the congre-
gation of York.street Chapel, Dublin, complaining of the
neglect of the Lord's Day, particularly by the upper classes ;
and also three petitions from parishes in the county of
Cork, against the Government plan of education in Ireland.
Mr. SADLER presented a petition from certain opera-
tives of Oldfield-row, Salford, in favour of the Regulation
of Labour in Factories Bill.
Mr. D. W. lIARVEY moved for returns of the num-
ber of causes standing for trial in the Courts of King's
Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, on the Ist of Aug.
in the present year, distinguishing the number of remanents,
and the time when they were first entered.—Agreed to.
Also a return of the number of causes and matters pend-
ing in the offices of each master in Hilary Term, 1825,
and the causes referred to each master in every subsequent
year, up to 1832, stating the number of general reports
made upon the same. _ _ _

Mr. -HUME,-111----;econding the motion, wished to aek

Mr. HARVEY presented a petition from a person
named Bustin, who had filled the office of Chief Secretary
to the Governor of St. Lucia, praying the House to allow
him to be examined before the Slave Trade Committee for
the purpose of proving several criminal acts and cruel
practices that had taken place in that island.
Mr. WILDS presented a petition, most numerously
and respectably signed by persons of property in various
parts of the country, praying the House to adopt some
measures for the cultivation of the unoccupied Crown
Lands, in order to employ the poor.
Mr. SHAW had a petition to present from a person
named Moles, who complained that he had been dismissed
from the Irish Post office after 31 years' service, without
compensation. The petition in consequence of some in-
formality was withdrawn.
Mr. S. RICE said, the petitioner was a most respectable
man, but when the Irish Post-office was consolidated with
the London one, the Duke of Richmond looked out for those
who had other businesses to support them than their official
one, to discharge them in preference to those who entirely
depended upon their offices. It was found that Mr.
Moles was a practising attorney, and for the last three
years he had absented himself for long periods.—(Hear.)
upon those two grounds had he been selected to be dis-
charged. With regard to the Treasury, they were not in
the habit of granting retiring allowances to any one unless
they were recommended by the department to which they
belonged, which was not the cave here.
Mr. H. HUGHES presented a petition from 600
tradesmen, praying for a law to abolish Sunday markets.

Colonel EVANS moved for returns of the number of
persons in the city and liberties of Westminster, who had
paid their rates up to the 31st of July, distinguishing, as
far as possible, the number of females who were rated to
the poor's rate.—Ordered.
In answer to a question from the Gallant Colonel,
Lord J. RUSSELL said it was necessary for scot and lot
voters to pay rates previous to the 31st 01 July, the same
as if that had been the first day of election.
Mr. HUME could not let that opportunity pass with-
out expressing his deep regret that the Noble Lord oppo-
site (Althorp) had abandoned the Bill to extend the time
fur the payment of rates, of which he had given notice.
The number of voters would be very small in almost every
place, and it would not give satisfaction to the country.
Lord ALTHORP said he might certainly have pro-
ceeded with the Bill, and possibly have carried it, but as
it was opposed, whe❑ could he have done so ; not till
after the 20th of August, and then what would have been
the use it ? Neither could he extend the time till
the Ist of September, for that would have put back
the lists of the overseers so far as to render it impossible
to have had a dissolution this year, and so have rendered
it necessary to have had another Session of the present
Parliament. He did not think that that would have given
satisfaction to the country.
Colnol SIBTHORPE was very glad to hear from that
King of Reformers, the Hon. Member for Middlesex, that
the detestable Bill (with which, thank God, he had
nothing to do) would not give satisfaction to the country.

Colonel EVANS then moved for a series of returns
connected with the number of 101. houses rated in the
books, and the numb:r of persons who had qualified.

Mr. Alderman VENABLES was anxious to assure the
Government that the country was very dissatisfied with
the time given them in which to pay their rates. The
number of electors would be very small compared to what
it ought to be.
Mr. ROBINSON said, that no doubt a great many
people would be disfranchised who had not paid their rates
and taxes. It was their own noglect, but it was probable
they were taken by surprise.
Lord ALTHORP said, one of the principles of
the Reform Bill was the payment of taxes and
rates, and that very clause was in the Bill from
December until it passed, so that very full notice «as
given, and it was not fitting that Parliament should be re-
quired to alter that principle, although persons might become
disqualified. He would have had no objection to extend
the period for plying the taxes and rates to the 20th of
August, but it would have been impossible to extend it to
September without causing great delay in the registration,
and altering all the dates of the proceedings.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY, after the Noble Lord's candid
declaration, put it to him, whether it would not be neces-
sary very soon to reassemble Parliament. Much appre-
hension was entertained that the constituency of the
kingdom would be so narrowed that the system of no-
mination, which it was the object of the Bill to de-
stroy, would still prevail. He did nut, however, be-
lieve it would be narrowed to such an extent as
that. It would seem that much of this arose
from the supineness of the people. Reform was a very
easy word to express, and people were mistaken if they
thought that the Bill would do every thing of itself;
but upon the people the great responsibility was
thrown to give effect to the Bill. He regretted that so much
supineness had been shown, because that narrowed the con-
stituency. But it should be ascertained, if possible, whether
this narrowing of the constituency was occasioned by the
neglect of the people, or of their incapacity to pay rates and
taxes, and that was the object of the present motion.
If the result showed that it arose from incapacity, it
would be well for the Government to think of repealing
the assessed taxes, and thereby relieve the people of such a
heavy burthen. The Bill in his opinion should not only be
called a Bill to reform the Representation, but also a Bill to
increase the revenue, for it was a most ingenious way of
collecting the taxes. He could not reconcile to himself
the injustice of making the payment of taxes a necessary
qualification for a constituent. The qualification should
merely have been the occupation of a 10/. house, without
requiring payment of rent and taxes.
Mr. C. WYNN regretted that the period for paying
the rates and taxes had been so short, and as for the full
notice that had been given, he was sure that many people
could not understand the nature of the discuss►ons
which took place night after night in this Heuse
upon the Bill.—(Hear, hear.) He believed that not
a third of the persons entitled to qualify themselves would
do so from the trouble of registration, the constant solicita-
tion from candidates, and the probability of offending
customers.

Lord ALTHORP begged be might not be understood
as pledging himself that Parliament would not meet before
a certain period ; he was averse to it, except under very par.
ticular circumstances. Matters, however, ;night take place
which imperatively demanded the meeting of Parliament
at an early period. The Noble Lord further stated. in
answer to an observation by Sir J. C. Hobhouse, that
under the old law, all persons, scot and lot voters, were
entitled to vote if they had paid their rates—if they had
been demanded on or before the day of election, under
the new law it was requisite that the rates should have
been paid, if they had been demanded on or before the
day registration, which was equivalent to the day of elec-
tion under the old law.

Sir CHARLES WETHERELL contended that the
public had condemned the principles of the Bill, which in
its details was full of incongruities.
After a few words from Mr. \VEYLAND the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. V. SMITH presented petitions from Chester
against Suttees and slavery, and in favour of the new plan
of education in Ireland.

Mr. JEPHSON brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Irish Post Roads.

Mr. HUME said, as the Parliament was likely to break
up soon, he was anxious to bring fotwatd the question of
the detention of John Capes by the authorities of Guernsey.
He was a beadle of Saint Pancras, who was sent
to Guernsey with some paupers who were regularly passed
as directed by Act of Parliament, and that he had been
seized by the author ities of that island while in the execu-
tion of his duty. He had intended to move an address to
his Majesty for his liberation, but he understood
the Honourable the Under Secretary of State had
some communication to make which would render that
step unnecessary. He was anxious to know what that was,
for he understood the man was now confined in prison.
Mr. LAMB said he understood he was confined in
the prison, having been caught in attemping to tacape.

INFIRMARIES (IRELAND).
The Marquis of WESTMEATH presented a Dill to
consolidate the laws relating to infirmaries in Ireland. lie
did not mean to press it this session, but laid it upon the
table with a view to its previsions becoming known by
next year.

CRIMINAL CODE.
The Eirl of CEIARLEMONT presented a petition front
certain Protestant Diss enters of Armagh, in favour of the
mitigation of the Criminal Code.

The Bishop of LONDON presented a similar petition
from Bishop Stortford.

Lord SEFTON presented a similar petition from Kings •
bridge.

Lord HOLLAND presented a similar petition from
the National Political Union.
THE SABBATH.
On the motion of the Bishop of LoNnox, a Message
was sent to the Commons, requesting them to communi-
cate to their Lordships the report of the Select Committee
on the observance of the Sabbath.

TITHES (IRELAND) BILL.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN rose to move the second
reading of the Irish Tithe Bill. His Lordship having
stated that the Bill was founded upon a recommendation
of a Committee of their Lordships' House, as well as of
the House of Commons, proceeded to explain the objects
of the Bill, and the mode in which these objects were to
be carried into effect. If their Lordships consented to its
being read a second time this evening, he should propo,e
its committal for to-morrow.

The Marquis of WES 'MEATH regretted that the
Commutation Bill, in contemplation, had not been also
brought up ; for he feared that this Bill alone would not
satisfy Ireland of the sincerity of the Government, or of
the House in their professions with regard to the abolition
of tithes. As this was the last opportunity, of speaking
on Irish affairs, be could not help again asking
the Noble Lord opposite, whether the Government had
resolved upon any steps to put down the actual rebellion
which existed in Ireland ? In Westmeath alone, there
were 252 offences against the person and property in the
past year, but only 62 committals had taken place, and
out of those there had not been one conviction. In fact
all law was at an end. Was this state of things to continue,
cr would Ministers bring in roper measures to restore
tranquillity?

Earl GREY said that in reply to the question of the
Noble Marquis, it was not the intention of his Majesty's
Government to propose any extraordinary measures
this session, but exert themselves to restore tranquillity
by means of the present laws. Such good had already been
done by the measures in which Government had vindicated
the authority of the law. A kind of tranquillity had
been restored i❑ Clare, Queen's County, and Tipperary.
It was the determination of the Government to continue-
as far as possible to support the authority of the law.
If these who had taken advantage of the unfortunate con-
dition of Ireland to make attacks upon Ministers, in.teal
of endeavouring to quiet the agitation prevailing there.
had acted according to the real interest they had in Ire-
land, it would be much better off, for there was no coun—
try whose capabilities of internal improvement were Sc.
great.

The Marquis of WESTMEATH defended himself
from the imputation of attacking his Mejestj's Govern-
ment, and thought the Noble Lord would most certainly
r,pent of not having taken the advice of practical
men in taking measures for preserving the peace of Ireland.
Earl GREY explained.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH said, that he would
repeat what be had often said in the course of the Session,
that Ireland required extraordinary remedies.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that one reason why
the Government bad not called for new powers was, that
the Act corresponding with our Habeas Corpus Act was
in Ireland capable of being suspended ; the Lord Lieutenant
of Ireland, in case of rebellion and invasion, said it was for
the executive there to decide upon what was rebellion.
He, for one, placed the moat implicit confidence in the
judgment, ability, humanity, and in case of need, the vigour
of the Noble Lord at the head of the Government of
Ireland.

After a few words from the Duke of WELLINGTON, the -
Bill was read a second time, and committed for to-mor-
row.--Adjourned at 6 o'clock.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, AuousrB.
(Concluded from our Second Edition of yesterday.)
CONSOLIDATED FUND BILL.

Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE said he had given notice of his
intention to introduce o clause in the Bill to permit of-
ficers on-half-pay to hold at the same time civil appoint-
ments, but he would not move to introduce it except on
the report being brought up. He would, however,
state his intentions and his motives for introducing
such a measure. The Right Hon. Baronet then recapi-
tulated the several changes which had been made upon this
subject from the year 1810, and stated that for a long
period no officers on half-pay bad been permitted to hold
civil appointments except as Barrack-masters or on
foreign stations. In accordance, however, with the Fi-
nance Committee's recommendation, the previous re-
gulations, via,—those of 1820, had been re-
vised. It was always considered the half pay was a
sort of retaining fee, but it by no means followed that
that was to be a rule without any and many exceptions.
It could not be a retaining fee as regarded the sick, in-
firm, or very aged, or those who were excepted by
the regulations of 1811, besides which, out of the ins-
tnense number of officers holding half-pay, it was morally
impossible that ever any large majority of them would be
called out upon service. There were about 7,000 on half-
pay. The Report of the Finance Committee of 1828 went
on figures, which certainly seemed very astounding ; for
it was said that there were four hundred and four officers
on half-pay, receiving also civil salaries, and whose
whole incomes amounted to 41,6821. The inference
of the Committee was (and which was in his opinion
a very erroneous one, as the results proved), that
the whole of that sum might be saved ; and so they thought
with regard to those naval officers whose half-pay and
civil salaries amounted to 33,0001. a year ; the Commit-
tee thought to save about 73,008/. a year. The result
had, in fact, proved that by allowing naval and
military officers on half-pay to hold civil
offices, the country would he the gainer. By
the returns laid before the House it appeared that the re-
commendation of the Finance Committee lad only the
effect out of the appointment to civil offices of 404
officers, to remove 21 in four years, for only that number
would consent to give up their half-pay and reeeive civil
appointments. It had been clearly proved that officers
would not give up their half pay on condition of re-
ceiving civil salaries. Of 291 officers who were so
situated at the beginning of this year, 181 were
of the lowest scale of officers, 106 of them holding
civil appointments under 150/. a year, and none above
2501. He was of opinion that half-pay officers in certain
situations were the fittest persons to fill offices. Taking all
those circumstances into consideration, considering also that
it was hard to keep a perpetual bar against a meritorious
person, and that, by giving this boon, no extra expense
would be incurred, the Right Hon. Baronet conceived he
was justified in moving his amendment. It was fit he
should state that this arrangement would not discharge
officers from the liability of military service. This change
he proposed should take effect from the Ist of January next,
Lnd that it should be necessary in each case to have the
joint sanction of the Treasury and the Secretary at War ;
and in order that there might be no misunderstanding as
to the parties so employed, it should be provided that before
the Ist of April in every Session a return should be made
to Parliament of all officers so employed.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME had not the slightest doubt that his Itig,,it
lion. Friend thought he was doing a service to the army,
tnd benefiting the country, by the proposed measure.
He, however, felt sorry that he took so narrow a view of
the subject, and he must protest against the measure as an
innovation on the principles /aid down by the Finance
Committee.—(Hear, hear.) Time Right Honourable Gen.
tleman had laid all the blatne on the Committee ~f 1828
Mr. HUME observed, that if reduction had gone on
since then, there could be no necessity for making any al..
terations now. He must repe;.tt that his Right
Honourable Friend had been acting upon a priacipla

quite different to that determined on by the
Finance Committee. In that Committee there
was not a dissentient voice on the impropriety of making
charges as for the army, when in fact the parties were
filling civil offices. If the proposed plan was acceded to,
all the officers of the army and navy who, since they had
taken holy orders, bad been deprived of their half pay, must
be restored. In his opinion the measure would effect no saving,
but the public accounts would become exceedingly con-
fused. He should, therefore, object to the clause being
brought up now.
Lord ALTHORP said that there had been a saving
to the country of 34,0001. a year, by evading
the regulation, and he did not think its adoption
at all simplified the public accounts.—(Hear, hear.)
With respect to his Hon. Friend the Member for Queen's
County, he had certainly told him he was opposed to the
alteration, but he also said he would leave it on the
responsibility of Government, and would not come down
to oppose it in the House. The Hon. Gentleman had
charged his Hon. Friend with courting popularity with the
army, by bringing forward this measure, but he
ought to have known his character better by this time.
He was not a man to go out of his way to court either the
army or the public.
Mr. WEYLAND supported the clause.
Sir A. DALRYMPLE fully concurred in the clause.
Colonel SIBTHORPE expressed his cordial concurrence
in the clause.
Mr. HUME had no wish whatever to bar naval and
military officers from holding civil appointments, as he
thought them fully qualified for such appointments. In-
deed, he should wish to see officers selected for such ap-
pointments, in order that their half-pay might be saved to
the country, which was the intention of the Finance Com-
mittee in its recommendation in 1828.
After a few words from General Phipps, Sir C. Forbes,
Mr. Cresset Pelham, and Sir F. Trench, in support of
the clause,
Mr. WEYLAND asked whether the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman would have any objection to allow officers who had
served 10 years, and who had since taken holy orders, to
continue to receive their half pay?
Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE, in reply, could not concur in
the suggestion, as such officers could not be called upon to
serve. The Right Hon. Baronet then defended the prin-
ciple of the clause against the objections of the Hon.
Member for Middlesex. Many cases had occurred, with
reference to the subject of half-pry, involving circum-
stances so piteous, to which, if he had followed the dic-
tates of his own feelings, instead of performing the strict
duty of a public officer, he must have given way. The
effect of this clause would, he hoped, be to lessen the
number of such cases in future. The question between
him and the Hon. Member for Middlesex was a question
of economy. Now he (Sir J. Hobhouse) contended, that
this clause did not involve an infringement of economy.
The country, notwithstanding what the Hon. Member
had said, would give him as much credit for his motives,
as they gave the Hon. Member for his.
Sir J. GRAHAM, on the score both of justice and
economy, was prepared to support the clause pro-
posed by his Hon. Friend, but not without restrictions.
In answer to an observation from Sir A. DALRYMPLE,
Sir J. GRAHAM said, that the benefit of employing
half-pay officers to perform civil duties was, that if they
were executed by civilians they would on retirement,
superannuation, or the abolition of office, be entitled to a
retiring allowance, whereas, in the other case, the officer
would fall back upon his half-pay.
The clause was then agreed to.—report to-morrow.
CASE OF PRIVATE SONIERVILLE.
Sir J. HOBHOUSE said, an inquiry had been made,
by the Hon. Member for Coventry, as to what was meant
to be done with respect to the proceedings in the ease of
private Alexander Somerville. Thoe proceedings had this
day been laid before the King ; and he bad stated, that
when his Majesty's pleasure was taken thereon, he would
be reedy to give every information on the subject. He
had now to inform the House, that it would be his duty to
lay the proceedings of that Court of Inquiry—the report
they had agreed to—and the opinion of his Majesty
thereon, before P rliament —(Hear, hear.)
CROWN COLONIES (WEST INDIES) RELIEF.
Lord ALTHORP moved the order of the day for re-
ceiving the report of the Committee on the relief to be
afforded to the West India Crown colonies.
Mr. HUME asked whether the Noble Lord had re-
ceived any information with respect to the Order in Council
of the sth of January, 1031, having been acted on by any
of the West India colonies ?
Lord HOWICK answered, that all the information
which had been received on the subject was lying at the
bar, and would be presented in the course of the evening.
Mr. Bt RGE expressed his regret that the information
alluded to bad not been laid before the House at an earlier
period. At the proper time he would state the grounds
on which many of the colonies objected to these Orders
in Council. The expense that would be incurred in car-
rying them into effect would be exceedingly heavy.
Lord HOWICK said, the information required had been
produced as speedily as possible.
Mr. T. COURTENAY objected to the mode in which,
as he haul beard, Ministers meant to carry this measure.
They intended to tack it to another, which, although it
related to the West Indies, had no connection whatever
with the particular subject of the proposed grant ; and,
9 ,
by that means, they hoped to prevent the other House of
Parliament from exercising than proper interference, which
otherwise they would most probably do.
Mr. IRVING said, that as to the Orders in Council, to
him they appeared exceedingly objectionable, and he en-
tirely condemned them. With respect to the reward to
be given to those colonies which obeyed these Orders in
Council, he was certain, that while it would entail a large
enpense on this country, it would not be productive of
beneficial consequences. The Hon. Member expressed
his doubt as to the right of the Crown, by its prerogative,
to enforce these Orders. He then adverted to the wretched
state to which, under regulations formerly agreed to, the
island of St. Lucia (as we understood) was reduced ; and
concluded by observing, that though the measure about to
be proposed was conceived in a good spirit, he was far
from believing that it would be acceptable to the colonies.
Lord HOWICK said, that as the Order in Council
had been attacked by the Honourable Member, he would
trouble the House with a very few observations upon
a subject which had been already so fully and com-
pletely discussed. Measures of a similar description
for the amelioration of the condition of the slaves,
had been brought into operation in Trinidad and St.
Lucia in 1824 and 1825, and they had there produced the
atost salutary effects towards attaining the object which
they bad in view. It was upon the satisfactory and suc•
cessful operation of those measures that the order in coun-
cil of 1831 was founded, and it was in accordance princi-
pally with their provisions that that order was framed. Yet
such was the measure which had excited the indignation anti
provoked
the attack of the Hon. Member. He was asto-
nished to hear the Hon. Member question the prerogative
of the Crown in enforcing the order in council in the
Crown colonies. The Hon. Member, in doing so, had
especially referred to British Guiana. Now, it so hap-
pened, that since the capitulation of British Guiana. not a
year had ei2psed in which some order in council had not
been introduced there, and enforced by the Crown. The
Hon. Member was misinformed, too, when he stated that
the Government were ready to submit the question as to
the prerogative of the Crown to the decision of a court of
law, by having it tried by what was called a feigned issue.
It was only a fortnight ago that he (Lord Howick) had
addressed a letter, by the direction of Lord Goderich, to
the persons connected with the Crown colonies, informing
them that his Majesty's Government would not submit that
question to a feigned issue, as they had no doubt whatever
with regard to the prerogative of the Crown on the sub-
ject, but that the parties themselves might, of course, if
they pleased, appeal to a court of law on the subject. As
the Hon. Member's speech embraced no special details, he
was not called upon to give any special answer to it, and
he should not at present trouble the House with any fur-
ther observations.

inorrow.

Sir A. DALRYMPLE objected to the late period of
the session at which this important subject hail been brought
before Parliament.

Mr. BURGE said that the Noble Lord had betr iyed his
ignorance of the constitutional law relative to the colonies,
when he insisted on th.; prerogative of the Crown en-
forcing the Order in Council in the Crown colonies. So
far from the power of the Crown being undoubted on
that point, some of the first law authorities beat acquainted
with the subject were at variance with the Noble Lord ;
and it was a fact, that when the Judges in Trinidad were
called upon to enforce the Order in Council, the whole of
them left the Court, with the exception of the Chief
Justice.

Lord ALTHORP remarked, that the object of the
Orders in Council was to improve the condition of the
slave population of the colonies, without effecting any in-
jury to the interests of the planters. He did not see
that any argument had been used on the other side to in-
duce the House to refuse its acquiescence to these reso-
lutions.

Lord SANDON, as he had already so fully stated to
the House his reasons for pursuing the conduct he had
followed with reference to this subject, should not now
trouble the House, nor further oppose this vote, though
the Noble Lord opposite had not afforded that information
which might have been expected from him.
Mr. F. BUNTON observed, that the Orders in Council
wore intended to benefit the slave population, without hay-

4 ~

ing any reference to tyre planters themselves. He hoped
that his Majesty's Ministers would avail themselves of the
opportunity afforded them in the approaching recess, in
devising some measure for the utter extinction of the abo-
minable system of negro slavery.
Mr. EWART supported most cordially the Orders in
Council, under the consideration that they were a pro-
gressive measure towards a general relief of the slave po-
pulation of the West India colonies.
Mr. FANE condemned the entire policy of Government
with regard to the colonies, as absurd and impolitic.
Mr. HUNIE could not hesitate in thinkin.; that the
conduct of the Government of this country with reference
to the colonies, had been, and was, most absurd. In-
deed, it appeared that according to the system pursued,
scarcely one Order in Council bad been issued, and had ar-
rived in the colony to which it was directed, when with-
out time being allowed to that colony to adopt it, however
willing it might be to do so, another Order in Council
followed, which went to mitigate or modify its predeces-
sor. He maintained that the prerogative of the Crown
should only he exercised for the benefit of the public, and
he was prepared to contend, that it was not in the power
of the Crown to interfere with those rights which England
possessed by any Order in Council, and on the same princi-
ple, lie was of opinion that it was improper in such a way
to interfere with the colonies. He beld it to be a great
thwarting of the Crown colonies so to interfere, or
that they should not be maintained in that sys.
tern or constitution established in 1763 by the Orders in
Council of that date, and by which it had been ordained,
that every colony subject to the Crown of England should
not only govern themselves, hut have also the power of
taxing themselves. These rights ought to have been pre-
served, instead of the colonies being made subject to the
arbitrary issuing of Orders in Council. He did not doubt
that Government meant and intended that the colonies
should be properly governed, but at the same time he did
not hesitate to sly that their efforts towards this object
had failed of success. In the Mauritius, the refusal to re-
ceive a certain individual sent out as judge in that colony,
and even the Orders in Council themselves had been almost
, the object of an insurrection in that colony. In short, the
system pursued could only tend to the weakening, and not
to the improvement of either this country or her colonies.
He more particularly objected to the period when the sub-
ject had been brought forward—a measure, fraught as it
was with importance,—at a time, and with an assemblage
of Members in the House, when the progress of pressing
public business might be interfered with in a manner ex-
tremely unpleasant. He, therefore, would anxiously
suggest the postponement of the consideration of the pre-
sent subject, until it was satisfactorily known in what
manner the Orders in Council had been received in the
colonies. Such information was not now before the House,
nay, he held in his hand the protest of the residents in
Trinidad, and also of the colonists i❑ Demerara, declaring
that they could not and would not concur in the carrying
those orders into effect. He should also he glad to know
from the Noble Lord who had attempted to answer the
questions which had arisen in this respect, whether the
accounts from St. Lucia or the Mauritius tended to show
that they would support this project. On the whole, it
appeared to him that the measure was premature in
the highest degree, and he therefore hoped the Noble
Lord opposite would wait until he had information of
the practical re-ohs arising from the receipt by the
colonies of these Orders in Council. When this informa-
tion had bee❑ received, he (Mr. Hume) should be ready
to assist the Noble Lord in carrying those Orders into
effect, or to accomplish an amelioration of the condition of
the slave population. With respect to that subject, he
hesitated not to call upon the Hon. Member f r Weymouth
(Mr. F. Buxton) to come forward with some measure,
and suggest to the Government some plan, which would
accomplish that object. However, the planters had as
much right to complain of the loss of property, as much
their own as that of any individual in this portion of his
Majesty's dominions. When this was done, then let the
Government take 57,0001. a.year, or thrice that sum, for
the purposes of compensation and the abolition of slavery.
Mr. SADLER was ready to applaud Government for
the line of conduct which they had in this instance pur-
sued with reference to the slave p pulation of the co-
lonies; at the same time he regretted that they had not
directed their attention to another system of slavery which
prevailed. However great the sufferings of the slaves i❑
the colonies might be, admitting all the statements which
had been made upon the subject to be true, yet he would
submit to the Government, and the Noble Lord opposite,
that the condition of the children labouring in factories in
this country was one equally deserving of attention. He
thought he was justified in embracing the present fitting
opportunity of bringing before the Government of the
country the condition of the white, the infant slaves of
this country, who laboured fifteen hours a-day, and that,
too, in a manner which had excited the sympathies of the
people of this country.
Mr. WEYLAND thought the Session should not be
allowed to pass without making some provision as to in.
fant labour.
The Resolution was then put and agreed to, and the
question having been put that it be an instruction to the
Committee to provide for carrying the Resolution into
effect,

Mr. COURTENAY said his voice should ha given
against the instruction.

Af er a few words from Lord ALTHORIP, Mr. BURGE,
and Mr. WFYLAND, the instruction waa agreed to.

CIVIL LIST PAYMENTS BILL.
On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, the House went
into Committee on the Civil List Payments Bill.
Mr. COITR.TENAY protested against the Bill as being
of a republican tendency.
Lord ALTHORP said, there was no foundation for the
Right Hon. Member's objection to the measure, which had
been adopted with a view to economy, it bring considered
that that object would be hest promoted by placing the
salaries of the great officers of state under the supervision
of Parliament, without whose approbation it was impos-
sible for any Ministry to carry on the government of the
country.

Mr. HUME asked whether it would not be proper,
with a view to the relief of suitors, to abolish all fees hi-
therto received by judges and other law officers, especially
as the salaries of the judges had been increased.
Lord ALTHORP said, there could be no objection to
abolish such fees as on inquiry might appear objectionable ;
but he did not think it desirable to put an end to all fees
indiscriminately, o❑ a partial and imperfect view of the
subject.

The remaining clauses having been agreed to without
amendment, the Chairman reported progress. Report to-

THE LORD CHANCELLOR'S SALARY BILL.
Lord ALTHORP moved the reading of the order of
the (lay for the House to go into Committee on the Lord
Chancellor's Salary Bill.
On the question that the Speaker do leave the Chair,
Mr. SADLER said, that though it was very possible
his observations on this subject might lay him open to
. .

retnark4 which would not be at all agreeable, still he

thought his duty and his regard for consistency called on

him to express his sentiments, and that in justice to his

own opinions he could not adopt any other course. When

the Right Hon. Baronet opposite was out of office, and
proposed certain resolutions relating to the salaries of the
higher officers of State, he (Mr. Sadler) had supported

those resolutions, as he had done all reconitnendations that

had for their effect to diminish the public burdens. He
saw no reason to depart from that principle of conduct on
the present occasion. He thought that the office, the
salary of which was now under consideration, was one
that ought to be maintained with becoming dignity, and
certainly he should not stand forward to refuse the neces-
sary allowance for that purpose. He must, however, say,
that he objected to granting the salary now required.
It had been found necessary to diminish the duties which
the Chancellor was called on to perform, and he had been

accordingly relieved from a part of his labours. Those
labours were thrown upon the shoulders of others, but

those who were called on to perform them received;

compensation from the public purse. That fact ought to
be taken into consideration in declaring the amount of this

salary. It was alleged that much valuable patronage
had been taken away from the Lord Chancellor. That

might be; but still, in his opinion, enough remained to
satisfy any reasonable person. It had been stated, in 1821,,
that the average income of the Lord Chancellor amounted
to 120001. a year—a sum which was occasionally much
increased by the emoluments derived from his acting in
the Court of Bankruptcy when bankruptcies occurred in
great numbers; but surely a time of more than ordinary
distress, which produced an increase of the emoluments of
the Chancellor's office, ought not to be taken as the
standard by which the usual profits of that office ought to

be aßcertaineti. The circumstances of the time, the altera-

tion in the value of money, were things that showed the
salary ought not to be kept at the same amount as be-
fore. In February, 1822, Mr. Brougham proposed a
resolution, declaring that it was the duty of that House
to obtain such a reduction of the taxes as was required by
the change in the value of money, and in that manner to
afford substantial relief to the industrious classes of tl e
country. At the time the Home Secretary stated that
the salary of the Lord Chancellor did not exceed on the
average 12,0001. a-year. It was with surprise, after all
this, that he heard such a sum as 14,0001. a-ycar pro-
posed fur the salary of the present Chancellor. He was
fully convinced that there was no individual who was le,s

influenced by a lore of sordid gain than the Noble and

Learned Lord, and he was sure that the present proposal
was not dictated in that spirit. Indeed, he believed that
the Noble and Learned Lord would not have fixed the
salary at so high a sum, had the settling of its amount
been left to him. Still, however, he believed that the
sum itself would be thought an extravagant sum by the
people, and he, therefore, called on that House to do what
public duty required in reducing the amount of it.
Lord ALTHORP must say that he was himself a little
surprised when he heard the Honourable Member talk of
surprise on tieing informed of the amount of the salary
now proposed. One of the first acts of the present Go-
vernment had been to refer to a Committee the salaries of
the higher officers of the State, and that Committee re-
ceived instructions to declare in what manner and by what
amount they could be reduced. When was it that this
surprise had come upo❑ the Hon. Member? That Com-
mittee had recommended the sum of 11,000/. a year as
the amount to be fixed for the salary of the Lord Chancel-
lor, so that that sum was not now proposed for the first
time to take the Hon. Member by surprise. He had no
doubt that the country would approve of the present pro-
posal, which, so far from being an increase of the salary
of the Lord Chancellor, was a positive reduction.—(Hear,
hear.) In the year in which the present Lord Chancel-
lor had been paid according to the old system, his income
had amounted to 11,6007., after all deductions had been
made; but the income was generally higher, and in seve-
ral instances it had exceeded 18,000/. or 20,000/. a-year.
It was said that the sunk which ought to he taken as
the proper standard for the amount of a salary was that
at which the services of a man fit to fill the office could
be obtained. Taking that as the rule, he did not think
the present amount too high; for at a less sum it would
be impossible to hope to obtain in this office the services
of a leading man at the bar, who could never return to the
practice of his profession, and who must take the chances
of a short tenure of office.—(Hear, hear.) He shod,
now only say one word as to the retiring pension. IL
thought that that pension ought not to take effect till al
the sinecure offices attached to the Great Seal were abo-
lished, and when the proper time came, he should propose
a clause to that effect.
Mr. HUME said, it was certainly true that the sum of
11,0001. a year had been recommended by a large majo-
rity of the Committee to which the Noble Lord had re-
ferred—by a majority in fact of fourteen to two. He
was, however, one of the two.—(A laugh,)—and he still
preserved his opinion. It was true, also, that when Lord
Eldon was Chancellor, the emoluments of the office had ex-
ceeded 17, 18, and even 20,000/. a year; but the Commit-
tee did not found their calculations on that income. They
took the income of Lord Lyndhurst, which had averaged
14,0001. and a few hundreds a year. But part of that sa-
lary had arisen from the fees in Bankruptcy. Now the
Bankruptcy jurisdiction had been taken from the Lord
Chancellor, and along with the fees went the labour. It
therefore did not appear to him fair that the Chancellor
should receiv, the lull amount of fees which he would have
received had the duties of the Bankruptcy jurisdiction been
continued. This was the only office that bad not been
reduced ; and he thought it ought not longer to form the
ext:eptir n. He wished, too, that the duties might be
further diminished, and that the Speakership of the House of
Lords should he divided from the Chancellorship, and that
a portion of the salary should be reduced on that account.
He should be ready to support any proposition for reduc-
ing the salary to 12,0001. a year.
The House went into C,mmittee.
Mr. SADLER moved, as an Amendment, a reduction
of 2,0001. a year (as we understood) on the Chancellor's
Salary.
The Committee divided__
For the Amendment li
Against it
52
Majority — 46
The other clauses were agreed to; the house resumed;
report to be received this day.
GREEK CONVENTION BILL.
Lord ALTHORP moved the second reading of the
Greek Convention Bill.
Mr. BEST repeated his objections to the Bill, and con-
tended that it was highly injudicious for this country to
guarantee this loan in the present state of our finances.
He wanted to know what security there was that we should
not finally be called upon to pay the whole of the money?
He knew that it had been said that it would be the means
of putting down piracies, but, in his opinion, those piracies
might be put down much more cheaply and much more
creditably, by this Government, in another way. Under
these circumstances, he hoped that the Noble Lord would
consent to postpone the Bill to another opportunity, when
they might be better able to discuss it. The Honourable
Gentleman concluded by moving, that the Bill be read a
second time this day six months.
Sir P. VINCENT seconded the Amendment, because
he thought the Convention would prove onerous to this
country, and that it was not calculated to secure the ob-
ject which it had in view.
Col. EVANS said he understood that the bargain con-
tained in this Conventio❑ was almost confirmed before
the present Government came into office, and therefore it
might, perhaps, amount to a breach of faith if the terms
of the bargain were now infringed. He was, therefore,
quite prepared to support the Bill.
Mr. HUME said this was an act of the Holy Alliance,
of which we had the honour to be one. The specula-
tion now, with respect to Greece, was to send them a
King, for which they had never asked. To him it seemed
a most Quixotic arrangement, and one to which our Go-
vernment had been seduced by the wiles and artifices of
Russia.
Mr. RUTIIVEN considered the guarantee the same
thing as absolutely giving the money; and he thought
that this country had already sufficient loans of its own
at home, without meddling with any foreign one. He
should, therefore, oppose the Bill.
Mr. COURTENAY thought that we had gone too far
in this transaction now to recede. He, however, did con-
ceive, that in voting for this loan, he was voting a sum
of 800,000/. ; for he certainly had no expectation that a
farthing of it would be repaid. Why were we to send a
boy to be King of Greece, when we were sending a man
to govern the lonian Islands?—(A laugh.) A very full
grown man, too.—(Loud laughter.) He believed he was
correct when he stated that that Noble Lord (Nugent) had
royal blood in his veins much more ancient than that of the
House of Bavaria, and therefore he saw no reason why the
Noble Lord should not be transmitted to the Greeks as
their King, instead of little Prince Otho.—(Laughter.)
Lord PALMERSTON contended that this country was
so far pledged to this guarantee, that we could not recede ;
and he most sincerely believed that the security offered
in return for our guarantee was quite sufficient to guard
England against any loss. He believed that the intervention
of the three Powers was absolutely necessary to secure the
pacification of Greece, and to prevent a continual recurrence
of cruel and bloody wars between the Turks and the Greeks.
The Hon. Member for Middlesex called this scheme Quix-
otic; that language might do in 1832, when all was neatly
settled ; but if they looked back to the time when Greece
was struggling day by day with her enemies, they
would find that the universal sense of Europe was, that it
was advisable for the three Powers to interfere for the pur.
pose of preventing the continuance of that warfare. If
ever there was a transaction not only honourable to Eng-
land, but calculated to conduce to its interests, it was the
course which this country had pursued with respect to
Greece, releasing it from its bondage, and establishing its
right to rank among the independent states of Europe.
With respect to the choice of the Sovereign, he thought
that that of Prince Otho was, under all the circumstances,
the most judicious that could' be made: and, in addition
to other points in that Prince's favour, it might be well to
state, that Otho would be accompanied to Greece by three
persons (he did not feel himself at liberty to mention their
names, though he believed that the selection was finally
determined), who were men of such ability and character
as to hold out the happiest presage in favour of the future
fortunes of Greece. He also begged to add, that several
of the most influential of the Greek chieftains had signi-
fied to the three Powers their concurrence in the selection
that bad been made, and had expressed the greatest anx-
iety for the speedy arrival of their new Monarch.
The House was cleared for a division, but none took
place, and the Bill was read a second time.
PARTY PROCESSIONS (IRELAND) BILL.
On re-entering the Gal ery we found the House in
Committee on the Party Processions' (Ireland) Bill.
Mr. SHAW protested against proceeding with the Bill
at that time of the Session, when so many Irish Members
were out of town, relying on the Bill nut being brought
forward this Session.
Mr. STANLEY expressed his determination to pro-
ceed with the Bill. If the Irish Members conceived the
Bill was ❑ot to come on, the misapprehension was their
own. There was no understanding that the Bill should be
dropped.
Mr. SHAW moved that the Chairman do report pro-
gress, and ask leave to sit again.
On this question the Committee divided—

Ayes ...............
t.
Noes . :is
Majority
31
The Committee subsequently divided on a similar mo-
tion after the Gallery was cleared._
Ayes
Noes .....................
Majority
After an absence of an hour and a half, (luring whcb,
we understand, 2 divisions took place upon the question
of postponing the Bill, and upon the different clauses, the
