THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1838

44.—Can the agricultural A.—Can the thi:f contend
Interest of England contend with Divine Pro:idence,
with 'Divine Providence, which which assigned to a merchant
,'signs to countries nearer the or banker so much grea,"er
ft:ireen earlier, more power- powers of making money, and
and more constant sum-
rner's sun, and which allots a gave to hint such a prodigious
snore substantial and expensive appetite ? But is all this a
diet to the inhabitants of a reason why the thief is to be
colder climate?—ld. allowed to steal? He will
perhaps say, " I must live ;"
to which the answer must.
6, as was made by the Frenchman in like circumstances,
" Sir, I do not at all see the necessity."
45.—Can the farmer, laden A.—lf the farmer is
with taxation, compete with taxed, so are ,other people
iukkintinental tenantry, called too. Lay a tax on home-
_Peen, notwithstanding, by the
zeonnomists, not only to main- grown corn, and see what
the poor, but to surrender
etlxrceusfietclttethwaitll
thosebe
protecting laws whereby poi.nt of
tie Is enabled to bear his bur- are taxed. On th e
(lees, that the lower classes maintaining mfi'anirductr; tui tr
eirns
niistake,
ffltY purchase che bread, must be some great
the poor', thee
'while the means for buying the It was understood th .... eco-
staff of life is withdrawn, nornists had just advised
through the ruin of the agri- " throwing the poor moon
eultural interest, already taxed their own resources." 'The
for the benefit of the poor of
rl4
theeople ?—./d. poor deserve their pove,
p
if they do not throw some-
body else " upon their owal
resources.
A 4—Cheap bread must be A.—Try all these, by sup-
'ear bread when there is no posing they were adduced,
money in the pocket to pur- ntutaiis nintandis, in support
chase
it. The destruction of of a tax on home-grown corn.
the farmer involves the desti- Why should not they do just
tution of the labourers, who well ?
must fall back for their rates as w
cat the manufacturing and com-
Thereial interests. The distress of the landowners and farmers
would entail a se/ere panic on the home-market. Thousands
of small traders would be turned out of doors, through the
destitution o 7 their country customers. Meanwhile a clamp-
-113113 body of labourers would appeal to the merchants for
employment. Discontent would rise to its highest pitch ;
and
the political economists would run no small risk of being
saerified to the vengeance of an injured and cajoled po-
pulace. —ld.
47 —Foreigners alone A.—An extraordinary
‘,_!culd profitby the repeal of the way of causing the foreigner
aCorn-laws acquiring wealth
t our expense to establish to establish manufactures ;
Manufactures.—ld. to furnish them ourselves.
But suppose he did establish
manufactures ; it is only
what he is doing now. Let us have the chance of trying,
Whether the foreigner may not be wiser.
48.—The words of our A.—ls it possible the
Great Marshal will not fall to Great. Marshal ever said
the ground :-...." No point is anything so simple ? Sup-
a came to be dependent o certain as this, if England pose they did to the utmost
ever
ble extent, where
I
upon the countries border n• -conceive
n' should we be then, but where
on the Baltic for its food that
we are now ? And if they
the Emperor of Russia, ' and
the King of Prussia, they did not lay such a tax as to
had done before, wouldas levs stop transmission—as they
tax on that food, on its bring to a certainty would not—
embarked for transmission to then we should have the
this country."—ld. benefit of the difference. We
want to have what foreigners
will offer us ; and not to be
told of what they will not. All foreign trade should he
stopped on the same principle ; " Do not have what you
wont, lest foreigners should have raised a tax out of it."
(TO BE CONTINURD.)

Very ___ ----
favourable accounts were received in Gros
r-square of the Earl of Derby. His Lordship is at length
eonvales cent.

, ----•-•
rrince Doria will lead to the altar, at itCrue, Lady
Mary Talbot, at the commencement of the Carnival, 7hich
will follow the Holy Week.lt •
is rumoured that the husband of the late distin-
Rutshed singer, Madame Malibran, is about to be united toiler
Madlle. Garcia, whose vocal powers bid fair to rival
those of the late lamented favourite.

DONCASTER, MONDAY NIGHT.
'I he same objection to a lengthy account which we had oc
casion to point GM •in the Epsom week presents itself here.
We have travelled over the ground year after year till most of
our readers must know all its striking features. There is only
this difference to remark between Doncaster as it is, and Don-
caster as it was some twenty years ago :—We miss that mag-
nificent and truly English display of equipages which in the
" good old times," were wont to gladden the hearts, and gra.
tify the natural pride of those who witnessed it. Another
change, perhaps, ought not to pass unnoticed—the St. Leger,
once so absorbing an event in all the sporting districts, has
greatly diminished in importance ; many of the old school
have " closed their accounts," while those still " extant" have
had their attention divided amongst a variety of new betting
races that have sprung up at Goodwood, Liverpool, &c.
Simply observing, therefore, by way of general introduction,
that Doncaster, although still, and deservedly, highly attrac-
tive, has, like other places, suffered from the change of times
and people, we shall confine our future notices to the business
of the week.
Since cur last dispatch there have been many fresh arrivals,
and, judging from the subscription to the betting-rooms, the
meeting, in the important item of ;company, is likely to keep
pace with last year; many houses, however, have the ominous
blue-bordered cards in their windows, and as the weather has
suddenly become gloomy, the prices, like the glass, are
dropping.
The Course this afternoon was well attended, but not so
numerously as we have seen it when the races have been con-
tested by horses of first-rate character, which, taking them as
a lot, was far from being the case to-day. The Grand Stand
notwithstanding was quite fulL'assuredly there was no percep-
tible falling off there. Besides others, there were present
Prince Esterhazy and his son Prince Nicholas, Duke and Du-
chess of Cleveland, Marquis of Westminster, Lords Chester-
field, Wilton, Jocelyn, W. Paulett, Rosslyn, G. Bentinck,
and Castlereagh ; Sir D. Baird, Sir J. L. Kaye, Sir T. Sykes,
Hon. J. Macdonald, Hon. G. and Mrs. Anson, Hon. Colonel
Westenra, Colonel Shubrick, Colonel Copeland and Colonel
Cradock ; Captains White, Gardner, Hunter, Smith, Ives,
Freestan and Dunlieve ; Messrs. C. Wilson (father of the
turf, and now we are happy to state in excellent health),
Thornhill, Payne, Portman, Crommelin, J. Stanley, 11. Aston,
Bowes, M. I'., Somers, M.P., Phillipson, Worrell, Hawker,
Foljambe, F. Charlton, Clive, Hungerford, Vansittart, S.
Fox, G. Fox, Dolphin, F. Craven, &c.
The following is a return of the sport :
The FitzwilliamStakes of 10 sovs. each, with 30 added by the
Corporation ; three yrs old, 7st. 51b ; four yrs, Bst. 51b ; five yrs,
Bst. 121 b ; six yrs and aged, 9st. and a half. 5 Subs.
Mr. Orde's b. in. Bee's-wing, 5 yrs Cartwright 1
Colonel Peel's b. c. Mr. Waggs, 5 yrs
Mr. Heseltine's br. c. Slashing Harry, 4 yrs 3
Mr. Osbaldeston's br. c. Allerston, 3 yrs
7 to 4 on Bee's-wing, 5 to 2 agst Slashing Harry (taken), and
7to 1 agst Mr. Waggs. Bee's-wing came out in her old form,
made all the running at a steady pace, and won in a canter by a
length and a half. Mr. Waggs laid next her throughout.
The Champagne Stakes of 50 soya. each, h. ft. ; for two-yr-old
colts, Bst. 51b ; and fillies, Bst. 31b. The winner to give six dozen
if Champagne to the Doncaster Racing Club. Red House, in.
22 Subs.
Duke of Cleveland's b. f Eliza Lye 1
Lord Eglinten's ch. e. Zoroaster Darlin 2
The following were not placed by the Judge :—Hon. T. 0.
Powlett's b. c. by Langar, out of Miss Fanny's dam; Mr. Att-
wood's b. f. Armella, by Physician ; Mr. Bell's b. f. La Sage
Femme, by Physician, or Gainsborough ; Mr. Osbaldeston's br. f.
Alexandrina, by the Saddler ; Marquis of 'Wertminster's br. c. by
The Saddler, out of Flighty ; and Mr. S. L. Fox's br. c. Item,
by Waverley. Betting-5 to 4 agst Flighty (taken), 4to 1 agst
Alexandrina, sto 1 asst Zoroaster, and sto 1 agst Amelia. A
little bet was laid agst Eliza, at 5 to 1, but she was not regularly
in the betting. After two false starts the Flighty eolt went away
with the lead, followed by Eliza, the others lying well up, with the
exception of the Langar colt and Armella, who lost a good deal of
ground at starting, and never recovered it. After passing the dis-
tance Zoreaster headed Flighty, and was immediately after chal-
lenged by Eliza, who was in front at the Grand Stand ; she kept
her advantage to the end, and after a splendid race won by half a
-^k. Item and Flighty severally claim to have been " third," and
Irina and La Sage Femme were so level with them, and all
Alexsa.-
four
so nea: the second, that we are quite unable to say which is
,he ;sonour.
entitled to
•Plate of 100 guineas ; for three yrs old, 7st. 91b ;
Her Majesty's _
five 91b ; six yrs and aged, 10st. Four miles.
kaway, by Economist, 4 yrs Calloway 1
four yrs, 9st ;
Cardinal Puff, 4 yrs
AA ra.r
gFueirsgoufs sNovne'ss
Velocipede, out of Miss Fanny, 3 yrs
Mr. Powlett's bl. c by 4
i:;t1e;"; br. e.
Mr. Vansittart's ch. c. Smollett, 3 yrs
2tol on Harkaway, and 4to I agst each of the others. The
gelding
made running for the first two miles, Smollett lying second,
Harkaway third, and the Cardinal last.
Smol ett t on
with the lead, the gelding following him dtieo
a the distance
Cin thedi seconffd
d way. arnal Pu
nroou:de,ndwelaievroeulrieed, at
toss welloa!s
Hasarkawalley,
sarSkma :12.1 ey t,t
who,
without extending him-
self, defeated him in an instant, and ran in by himself.
4 miles.
T Slibs•
he Four-year-old Produce Stakes of 100 sovs. each, h. ft. Two
by 8att1ed0re............ ever.
Sir R. Bulkeley's eh. c. Bangalore,
THE ST. LEGER, (TO-Z°3lPw).
2 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Don Johri
9 to 4 agst Colonel Peel's lon
7 to 1 agst Mr. Parkins's Lanercost
8 to 1 agst Sir. Coombes's Cobham
12 to 1 agst Duke of Cleveland's Alzira
14 to 1 agst Mr. Thornhill's Saintfoin
It is thought that these, with one of Scott's outsiders, The
Hydra, and Sir C. Monek's filly (doubtful), will be all that
will show ; but nothing definite is known. Robinson is en-
gaged to ride Cobham.
GREA77 FOOT _RACE on SUNBURY COMMON.
The long-expected match between Townshend and Fuller,
for 100/. aside took place yesterday. Much difficulty had oc-
curred in bringing the men together. Townshend is well
known by the cognomen of the " veteran." He has for many
years been unvanquished, and for long distances was considered
unequalled. Fuller is a young man, who defeated Byrne a
few months since in a contest of forty miles on Wimbledon
Common. The rivalry between the competitors yesterday
almost amounted to enmity, and, although there was a great
disparity in age, Townshend found a backer, who, relying upon
his stamina and spirit, entertained sanguine hopes of his sue-
cow, There was very considerable betting, as it was known
that this was a genuine match, and would be disputed as long
as nattire could hold out. The friends of Fuller wished a
forty-miles' distance as one best calculated for their man, but
sixty miles %sere ultimately agreed upon as the distance, in
fair toe and heel, walking, on Sunbury common, as presenting
nearly a dead level. The match was arranged to be walked
on a two-mile piece of ground, out and in. Both men had
been for the last month in Imed training, the veteran at Nor-
wood, and his opponent at Putney. They arrived at Hampton
on Monday evening, and at five yesterday morning were
es
taken by their backers to the scene of action. The mil
chosen were from the 14th milestone, on the London side of
the George, in the lane across the Common, to the stone
three miles on this side of Staines. Umpires havotg been ap-
pointed and a referee chosen, at seven o'clock the men appeared.
They presented a wonderful contrast when disencumbered of
their loose coats. Townshend looked confident as ever, but
it was evident he had more to expect from tact and game than
from real training. Fuller, a fine young man, in the prime
of life, with considerable length, would have been selected by
any passer-by as the one best calculated for such a distance,
and six to four were freely offered on him at starting. The
lead-off was admirable ; Fuller went right away front his man,
completed his two mile out first, and finished his fourth three
minutes and thirty-two seconds a-head of his opponent. All
those acquainted with matters of this description declared that
such speed could not last, and that it was more in favour of
Townshend titan anything else. At the conclusion of the
tws lfth mile Fuller had increased his advantage to nearly ten
mites, ails; bth appeared to be out of win 1. Townshend
drank s ome ale ond ginger beer mixed, without making any
drank
stay, arta slid not appear to feel the least concern or annoyance
at his adversary's gaining two or three minutes in every fourth
mile. The ints.rest at the twentieth mile was very t
consider-
it
able. Townshend had appeared very groggy, bu shook
off, and kept up a quiet, regular, lasting pace. Fuller walked
lightly, appeared in high spirits, and when the twenty miles
had been completed refreshed at the George, where he only
rested seven minutes. In the seventh four miles Fuller was
evidently distressed, and his adversary made way upon him,
and gained upwards of three minutes and a half
half the dis-
in the four
miles. At one o'clock the men had concluded
tance in the following order
FULLER'S TIME. sus% SEC.
The first. four miles was performed in ........ . ...... 37
40 5
5
Second ditt0............
40 10
40 55 Third ditto .....................
Fourth ..........
42 47
Fifthxth 43 26
Si
Seventh
8
The two miles

Darr;

Total—SO miles
In the sixth four mike the time occupied in refreshing
included.

TOWNSIIEND'S. TIME. mt.% SEC
The first four miles was performed in
42 '23
Second ditto
44 10
Third ditto
Fourth ditto
Fifth ditto.
Sixth ditto.....
Seventh ditto
The two miles, making half

Total-30 miles sh. 39 7
The space of ground over which the men walked was at
this time almost impassable from the frequent arrival of per-
sons in different vehicles from town and the adjacent parts of
the country.
Fuller came up to his thirty-second mile at forty minutes
after twelve, and Townshend at three minutes past ones lively
as a lark. 'rownshend started to complete his rty-sixt
mile, but nature failed him. He complained severely of bodily
illness, and resigned.
Fuller went on comfortably, var ing from forty-four to
y
forty-seven minutes in the execution of each four miles, nor
did he throughout exhibit that indication of distress which
might have been anticipated in his Herculean task. Ile came
~:-% to the mile-stone at five o'clock, with fifty two miles corn-
\
p l feted, a:7l was accompanieri jo the last journeys by Byrne,
at Wimbledon. He tc,)215, fifty minutes more
whom he defeateal
to make up fifty-six, am ,*.hen went away at If rallling speed
ifor the final four miles, which ho ac —""iiillf Pa6iir

MR. O'CONNELL AND MR. STE
VEN SON.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE.
SlR,—After my departure from London you published, at
the instance of Mr. Stevenson, the American Ambassador, a
species of almost one-sided correspondence which took place
between us. I have been prevented by other more imp n-tant
matters from sooner making a few observations upon that pub-
lication ; and now, as you gave it circulation, I think I may
rely upon your courtesy to insert my remarks.
In the first place, there re had app;
in the Examiner
a report of a speech of mine at the great Birmingham
meeting on the first•of August, which.contained the following

paragraph :
" I believe their very Ambassador here is a slave-breeder ;
one of those beings who rear up slaves for the purpose of
traffic. Is it possible that America would send here
a man who traffics in blood, and who is a disgrace to
human nature? I hope the assertion is untrue, but it is right

to Apeak out."
In the next place, Mr. Stevenson, on the 9th of August,
wrote to me a letter, containing part of the above paragraph ;
that is, he omitted the words which I have pat in italics, and
which manifestly show that the report could not be more accu.
rate, as these words made it involve a direct contradiction.
And thus, having ascertained that the report could not be
correct, he, with the gravity of a diplomatist, put to me the
single question, viz., whether the report was correct or not?
it being thus impossible that he should get any other reply to
that question than that the report was not correct.
Of course I answered Itis question accordingly, namely,
that the report was not corroct ; but I referred expressly in
my reply to another report of the speech in my possession,
imagining that he would, upon such reference, call for the ac-

curate version.
'Thus far it is quite clear that no apology had been required
or made. lam no duellist, and should, therefore, if asked,
have stated what 1 really did say, abiding by it only as far as it
was true, and abandoning it in any particular in which it might
appear that I was mistaken.
But as I made Mr. Stevenson no apology, he determined on
making one to himself, and accordingly he wrote a second
letter, and in it presnmed that 1 had made a disavowal of of_
fensioe expressions. Now, this was either fancy or diplo-
macy, I care not which; but it was as gratuitous a presump-
tion upon his part, as the reality would have been unnecessar)

upon mine.
However, as my speech did contain an important passage
respecting the horrible traffic, which it is asserted ( I hope
most untruly) Mr. Stevenson participates in, I will state the
paragraph as it was accurately reported in the Emancipation
newspaper. Ido this the rather to afford Mr. Stevenson, who
seems so anxious about offensive words, an opportunity of dis-
avowing, if he pleases, a thing most offensive in the sight of
man and in the presence of God.
The real paragraph is this :
" It is asserted that their very Ambassador here is a slave-
breeder ; one of these beings who rear and breed up slaves
merely for the purpose of traffic. Is it possible that America
would send a man here who traffics in blood, and who, if he do,
would be a disgrace to human nature ? I hope the assertion is
untrue; but it is right to speak out."
Such was the real passage in my speech. I despise duel-
ling, and mean nothing of what is called personality ; but I do
hope that, as Mr. Stevenson has already rushed into print, he
will give the report which I have shove alluded to a distinct
contradiction.
It is utterly impossible that anything should exist more
horrible than the American slave breeding. The history of
it is this:—The Americans abolished the foreign slave-trade
earlier than England, but with this consolation—no small com-
fort to so money-loving a race as the slaveholders —that by
such abolition they enhanced the price of the slaves then in
America, by stopping the competition in the home market of
the supply of newly imported slaves. Why, otherwise, was
not the home trade stopped as well as the foreign? The reply
is obvious.
To supply the home slave-trade, an abominable, a most
hideous, most criminal, and most revolting practice of breed-
ing negroes exclusively for sale has sprung up, and especially,
we are told, in Virginia. There are breeding plantations for
producing negroes, as there are with us breeding farms for
producing calves and lambs. And as our call and lamb-
breeders calculate the number of males to the flock to the fe-
males, similar calculations are made by the traffickers in
human flesh. One instance was mentioned to me of a human
breeding farm in America which was supplied with twith
men
and twelve women. Why should I pollute my page wa
description of all that is immoral and infamous in such prac.
tices? But only think of the wretched mothers whom nature
compels to love their children—children torn from them for
ever, just at the period that they could requite their mother's
love 1 The wretched, wretched mother I Who can depict the
mother's distraction, her madness ? 44 But their maternal
feelings are," says a modern writer, "treated with as much
contemptuous indifference as those of the cows and ewes
whose calves and lambs arc sent to the English market."
That it is which stains the character of the American
slaveholder, and leaves the breeder of slaves the most
detestable of human beings ; especially when that slave-
breeder is a Republican, boasting of freedom, slouting out
for liberty, and declaring, as the charter of his liberal insti-
tutions, these as self-evident truths, " that all men are created
equal—that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights—that amongst these rights are LIFE, LI-
BERTY, and the PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS."
My sole object in my speech at Birmingham, and my pre-
sent object is, to rouse the attention of England and of Europe
to all that is cruel, criminal, and, in every sense of the word,
infamous, in the system of negro slavery in North America.
ktv delibernte conviction is, that until that system is abo-
iisbed, :0 American slaveholder ought to be received on a
footing of e(iu, .
-,!;tv by any of the civilised inhabitants of
Europe.
I have the honour to be. Sir, your obedient servant,
DANIEL O'CONNELL.
nane Abbey, Sept. 13, 1838.

THE BATH POLITICAL DEMON
STRATTON.

(From the Morning Advertiser.)
On Moirdey afternoon there was a Meeting of the Working
Classes and of the Trades' Unions resident in the neighbour-
hood of the City of Beth, &c., to consider the People's Char-
ter, a Petition for its adoption by Per Lament. and the appoint-
ment of a delegate on behalf of the Bath district, to attend
and watch, with other delegate', the reception of such petition
in both Houses of Parliament. It was held on Come Down,
a flee elevated place, nearly three miles out of Bath, but com-
mending magnificent views of the whole country round, on to
Wiltshire. The bussines were raised in the middle of a field,
and it was computed that there were 15,000 persons on the
ground. Most of the parties arrived in procession from Bath,
from Bradford, &c., and they bore an immense number of
banners, of various colours, sizes, and forms, and with devices
appropriate, and strong inscriptions on most of them. Among
the significant trophies borne to the ground were two 'emcee
duly elevated, the foreign one being inscribed " .10.," the
English loaf " 9d." This illustration of the working of the
Corn-laws had loud applause.
Soon after two o'clock the processions and trades were on
the ground, and the hustings were soon crowded, chiefly by
those who were to take part in, or who had arranged the
meeting. Colonel Napier, who resides near Bath, was pre-
sent ; but Mr. Roebuck, whose presence placards had pro.
mised, was not in attendance, some satisfactory reason, how-
ever, having been forwarded for his absence.
Mr. Alderman CRISP (of Bath) having been unanimously
called to the Chair, said they had not met for holiday pur-
poses; they had met on a subject that was highly important to
the whole English people—to proclaim the rights of the
people ; that the principles of justice should be carried out,
principles urged in forwarding the Reform Bill of 1832 ; and
that such Bill had not worked well, except for the few, it
having produced increased misery for the many.—( Hear.)
He assumed that they met to express their determination to
have Radical Reform, and to be satisfied with nothing less ;
that the industrious classes, as well as the property, should be
duly represented. The " People's Charter" was presented
for their consideration and adoption. Peel had heretofore said
that " he did not know what it was that the people wanted."
Perhaps not, but that Charter would tell him ; the people
wanted Radical Reform.—(Cheers.) The people had to
complain of misgovernment ; of the inequality of the laws ;
of the meagre distribution of property and the burdens upon
it ; arid that such results flowed from the people not having
an equal right in the representation.—( Hear.) The evils re-
sulted from the representation, for the representation hitherto
had legislated for a class, for class interests.—( Hear.) Hence
had they to complain of the Corn-laws and other similar evils,
which had produced that daily declining of their manufactur-
ing interests, now but too visible. And for what had there
been that mischievous legislation? To uphold the landlords'
interests, the high rates for their advantages, and to enable
them to live in luxury out of the fruits of the toils of the
labouring classes. The Reform Bill was not a remedy ; there-
fore the people must now find another remedy. —( Applause. )
Mr. BARTLETT moved the first resolution. They had as-
sembled to demand their rights. Hitherto their rulers had
treated their demands with contempt. They had again met
to point out the evils of which they complained, and the re-
medy for them : it was Radical Reform. He therefore with
great satisfaction moved the first resolution, which was to the
following effect :—" That we believe we have arrived at a
crisis when our attention should be directed to the evils in the
Government of the country, in order that some remedy may
be devised so that legislation may be more in accordance with
the rights and interests of the community, by making the Go-
vernment itself more sound in principle arid more just in prac-
tice. That we believe the source of the distress and misery
which afflict the working classes may be traced to unequal re;
presentation, or in other words, to those laws which our rulers
have enacted to perpetuate the present anomalous state of
British society by choking up the principal sources of wealth,
and by causing that wealth to flow into channels through
which Government monopolies and every kind of political
chicanery are engendered and upheld ; and that therefore
we adopt some proper and efficient measures whereby all
interests shall govern and obey by equal representation in
strict conformity with the rights and sovereign will of the
people," •
Mr. MEALING seconded the resolution. Their oppressors
mocked them with their ignorance and poverty, but in spite
of such sophistry, they knew when they were hungry and
naked—they knew when they were in want; they knew as
well as the lords of the soil the value of the corn around them.
The vultures, however, treated them as if the working men
who assembled there had not souls—were not their equals ; it
was as i.npudent slander. They would not longer endure the
present system—they must have National Reform.—(Cheers.)
Coloniel NAPIER then stepped forward, and was greeted
with loud and hearty cheering. He said that he attended
there to address the English workmen, at their own request
and invitation ; and that if in complying with their desire be
expressed any opinion not in unison with them, he hoped that
they would put it down to that natural sincerity of temper which
they knew to belong to him.—( Hear.) He approved of their
cause or he would not be there ; but he would do nothing to
violate his sincerity. He felt, however, that he was in some
degree an intruder there.—( Cries of " No, no.") He thought
so because he viewed that as a meeting of the working
classes, convened fur the purpose of collecting their own
opinions.--(Hear, hear, hear.) As a general observation,
he must say that it was not in human nature that those who
moved in what was termed the rank of gentlemen should he
with them. Ther.3 might, be admitted, he many with them,
from the abstract love of justice, and they would do much for
them. But he would have them rely on themselves ; none but
the oppressed could feel what oppression was, and so ade-
quately describe it.—( Hear.) They knew that they might
to be free in their own land, 4114 he could net but believe, if
they noted on that conviction, that they would work out the
accomplishment of their rights. It might seem strange that,
holding such opinione, he appeered there 1 but he at once
declared that, having complied with their desire to attend
there, he unhesitatingly expressed his sympathy with their
ca,i,.,,,(boud cheers.) He was not an aecheed politician ;
that oilnowq. I-le heel refused the representation of Bath,
they knew • but he could add, what they did not know, that
as '
he had vellge!l larger and more important constituencies.—
( Hear.) under tlieee tdrpucustantsus he trusted that, if they
heard him, they would freely hear whatever he had to say on
the subjects before them. should he f,,,0 on Loud cries of
~ Go on, go on.") It was, then, his fixed opinion that the
Deo,le,s power ought to be constantly felt in the control of the
'affalrs of the nation ; so that King, Queen, Lords, Commons,
Priests, 1-iishaP34 Ar whatever ponstitytgd the fieeutiee
or
legislative antherities, should be eonstanty kept in con-
or, he declared, the people did not enjoy
troul by the Peopte,
therefore., a the worlsing classes hid such
freedom Atlat
opinion, he joined in the
led them to the declaration that they could only possess such
power by Annual Parliaments, Universal Suffrage, and Vote
by altos. 4nnual Perliamente were defensible, if on no other
principle they were gat that of t‘ slshorts reckeninge make long
friends." Universal Suffrage was defensible as the right of
nature and of the Constitution—the Cwistiteirera, it being
ad-
mitted on all hands, declaring that none ought to be taxed
without being directly or indirectly represented. Now, that
was pot peaetleel. Therefore, that the deelged principle of
the Constitution might be a reality and not a mockery, he
considereeFthst they were justified in demanding the right of
Universal Suffrage. And that reality arrain, if obtained, would
be g moelserv, without the Ballot.—(Cheers ) The Ballot
might Fet ee eeet to the corruptislu, but that old ennnal
elections would throw great stumbling-hlocks its its way.—
( Hear, hear.) He considered those three objects essential to
good government—Annuals Parliaments, Universal Suffrage,
and Vote by Ballot.—( Loud cheers.)
A WpiticiNg MAN.—What do you say to the payment Qf
Members
Colonel NAPIER knew nothing about that : he had no opi-
nion to express on that subject. If they bad any intention to
pull down the present form of Goverment, of " bringing
America here," as some expressed it—he should not be against
them, but he should deem it his duty to join those who would
resist such objects. The Government of Kings, Lords, and
Commons, with a small exception, had lasted for 700 years,
and he was for still preferring that form to exchanging it for
that of a people who kept 2,000,000 of their fellow-beings in
more degrading slavery than had ever existed in the world.—
( Hear, hear.) What I bring those Americans here to teach
Englishmen freedom ! The thought was disgusting.—
(Cheers ) But though he was for retaining te tnree
powers of Kicg, Lords, and Common: ; ne was ready to
declare that they must be responsible. They must not be
irresponsible, far From it; they were made for the nation,
not the ration fur them. The kingly power was to be ccn-
-0010 by the Lords; the Lords by the Commons; and taw
Commons by the people—and those great and just ob-
jects would be achieved by Annual Parliaments, Universal
Suffrage, and Vote by Ballot.—( Hear.) It was, therefore,
wise, expedient, and patriotic to seek for tl.ose three things.
And he would hive them to achieve such objects by means as
pens as their oaoae was holy and lest—by union and perse-
verance, not by violence ; by mind, by moral force, and not
by the arm of the flesh. He would have them to demand all
those things, and to take no less; and not to be deluded from
the pursuit of them by any calls for a Republic.—( Hear.) It
was the bottle of reason, let them be firm and they must sue-
card.,--( Hear. With respect to another part of the business
before them—the " People's Charter'—he declared that as
regarded its general principles, be adhered to it.—( Loud
cheers.) He did not approve of all its details, nor did he
think they all had the approbation of its concoctors. As to
the People's Petition, lie approved of it, except ono clause, the
meaning of which was, he believed, purposely obscurely
worded ; that which in effect demanded a return to ppaer
money not based on gold.--(" Attwoad's plan.") They had
hit on the right name ;it was the Atterood's. That he should
resist as of pernicieue tendency to the people's interests ; and
he, therefore, recommended them to strike cut that clause.
As to the naming of a Delegate, that was so peculiarly their
duty, that lie left its decision entirely with them.—( Cheers.)
The first resolution was then unanimously adopted.
Mr. S, BARTLETT moved the second resolution—. That
we believe we shall not be fairly and honestly represented,
inasmuch as legislation cannot be efficiently carried on until
we have forced through the 'kora. of' Commons the five
fundamental pzinciples of Radical Reform, namely—Uni-
versal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, Annual Parliaments, no
Property Qualification, and Pa) ment of Members ; and,
therefore, we adopt the People's Charter, as drawn up by the
London Working Men's Association, and et the seroe time
pledge ourselves to use every effort to establish that Charter
as tile law of the land."
Mr. Pummel seconded it.
Mr. Rowers supported the resolution,rdeclarillg that
by
fit. Paul the work went bravely on. the resolution was
then adopted unanimously.
Mr, Bowzi,t, proposed the third resolution—" That the

petition submitted to our consideration by the Blimiegl.ae.
Political Union expresses the sentiments and wishes of this
meeting, and that in order to carry out the de nand which
that petition expresses, agree to appoint a dclega'e to attend
in general convention in London, to watch over t' le proceed-
ings connected with the presentation of the petition in both
Houses of Parliament."
Mr. TWITS seconded it.
Mr. HENRY VINCENT, of London, strongly supported it.
in a speech of considerable energy, and which was most fa-
vourably received by the meeting. He, for one, declared
war, eternal war against all parties and persona who re•iistal
or denied their rights—those five demands set forth by them
of Annual Parliaments, Universal Suffrage, Vote by B Mot,
No Qualification, and Payment of Members—those would long
ago have been conceded but for the damning servility of the
multitude. He called upon them to raise themselves from the
ground, to stand erect, in the attitude of freemen, and to
demand their rights from their insolent and ignorant foes. The ,
right to enjoy liberty and happiness di I not depend on Kings,
Queens, Bishops, Priests, or Lords ; it depended on the
people, who were the only source of sovereign and legitimate
power.—(Hear, hear.) No, no It they were to he humbugged
no longer. We would no longer submit to be governed by a
set of nincompoops.—( Cheers and laughter.) But they were
told that they were too ignorant to have votes. Ignorant
Whose fault was that ?—( Hear, hi.) Had there not been
the Church, richly endowed—expensive Ministers, and
establishments and officers of all sorts, to take care
of their bodies in this world, and their souls in
the next? and were they still ignorant and besotted?
But, in truth, those who so talked feared the knowledge of
the working classes.—( Hear.) If there were proper laws,
the labourers would be adequately protected against those
who never laboured during their whole lives; and there
would be no occasion for union pauper workhouses, and three
devil kings to govern them.—( Cheers and laughter.) As to
the present constituency, where were the proofs of their intel-
ligence? Had it been shown in the return of the two things
that now represented, as it was called, Bath ?—( Cheers and
laughter.) And what were the Members now returned by
the constituencies generally ? Were they such bright speci-
mens of intellect as ought to satisfy the people? No; they
were the very contrary; they were so many libels on humanity.
—(Cheers and laughter.) The few that did or said any
thing acted by their secretaries. Only think of having Mem-
bers who could not proceed without journeymen-brains.
They had full reason to be tired of such law-makers, and the
means by which they were called together. The people ought
to try their skill in the making of laws, for the present hands
had miserably failed.—(Cheers.) Hitherto the people had
been kept down by a phantom, they had bowed down before
empty idols ; before those who, instead of being their superiors
were their inferiors in morals and intelligence. They had
been kept down by those who were knaves. Lord John
Russell was a knave ; Harry Brougham was a knave ; Peel
was a knave ; the Duke of Wellington was a knave.
Colette! Name, with greet earnestness, rushed to the
front of the hustings, and most energetically exclaimed—
I contrad* that—the Duke of Wellington is no knave. He
fought for the country nobly, bravely, and successfully, and
is no knave.
Mr. VINCENT resumed.—l say that any man, be he a
Wellington, a Russell, or a Napier who denies to me the
right to vote, is a knare.—( Hear, hear.) He considered the
present representation a combination to deprive the people
of just and equal laws; and he called on the people to
arouse, and put an end to such a state of things, and it could
be done by moral force, if the people would only firmly exert
themselves.—( Chdars.)
[As Mr. Vincent spoke for about two hours, it is obvious
that the above is only a sketch of his speech; but time will
not permit of further detail.]
Colonel NA?IER (after Mr. V. had concluded) again stepped
forward. He said that he considered that Mr. Vincent had
degraded himself, and the cause which he espoused, by the
language he had used in applying the term "knave" to the
Duke of Wellington.—( Applause, and " No, no.") Calling
names did no good to any cause. They ought to remember
the force of early prejudices and impressions ; and that a very
honest man might be mistaken in politics. That he believed
to be the Duke of Wellington's case ; but he was one of tilt
greatest soldiers Europe had ever produced, Rua ntill4 .440 t to
have had the term "knave" epplieti tca
" Ile was not spoken as a soldier, but as a politician.")
Was truth so easily to be found, especially by those who had
early and strong prejudices; and ought they to consider all who
were against them to be knaves ? Ho would resist such per-
sons ; but he would not have them scold like women. If that
meeting felt as men, it would respond to the sentiment he had
uttered.
Mr. VINCENT again said that he hoped he should ever
the courage to declare any man a "knave" who --,ould deny to
him and his fellow-workingmen the rie+' to vote. That being
his opinion, he hoped they woc,-„L'ict give three cheers for the
causein which they
thereth being
engaged.yworeproposition h
c e e
rwas *
)
carrie
promptlythree
ro u nds (Theett' h
The resolution was then put and • • d unantmously.
Mr. GAPPER moved, and Mr, WUITE seconded the fourth
resolution, which was to the following effect :—" That a
Com-
mittee of sit persons be publicly chosen to act in concert with
the Committee of the Bath Working Men's Associatipn, in the
management Qf the subscription money which must be raised
to defray the expenses of the delegates representing the people
in convention ; and also to assist our Committee in the manage-
ment of the matters connected with this important affair."—
carried- uttanirnouslf,
Mr. VINCENT, after highly eulogising. the prudence of the
proposed choice, moved (Mr. WRITE seconding the motion)
" That Mr. Richard Mealing be elected as a fit and proper
person to represent the people of Bath in the forthcoming
convention."—Carried unanimously.
Kiseocee moved and Mr. SAUNDERS, the barrister,
seconded the sixth resolution, which was to the effect that this
meeting, taking into consideration the attempt now making by
portions of the public Press to divert the attention of the
people from the CAUSE of all oppression to the Corn-laws,
which are merely awe of
measure alien receive any portion of our attention until the
People's Charter becomes the law of the land.
This resolution was also carried unanimously.
Thanks having been voted to the Chairmen, and to the Bath
Guardian, for the manner in which it advocated the people's
cause, the business of' the meeting was declared to be con-
cluded, It then separated in the most al m er y manner, some
of the Trades' Union Unions going away in procession, bearing their
several banners, in the order in which they had come to the
ground. Darkness was rapidly approaching the '
when
parties
uitted the !lei:).

MR. ROEBUCK'S LETTEL

The following letter was sent to Mr. Bolwell, the Secretary
to the Bath WorLing Men's Association :
" Christchurch, Sept. la.

" Sir,—When I last wrote to you, I foresaw a ijossibility
of my being unable to be in Bath on the 17th, and I am
sorry to say that what I fo.mgavv has come to pass. Circum-
stances, over, which I have no control, have rendered it im-
possilli.z lot. me to go from my home at this moment. I am
vexed at this, but I cannot help it.
" I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
"3. A. ROEBUCK.

" Before the winter rbope to he in Bath. My presence
at thi4 inoment 1 not very essential, the more especially ag
you have so powerful a friend to the good cause as Colonel
Napier near you. The really important part of your proceed-
ings will be the choice of your delegate, In which I sincerely
hope that the people will manifest the very great care and
discernment needed. Much will depend upon the conduct of
the delegates, when they meet to act. While prudence and
sagacity will very greatly forward the good work—violent,
imprudent, ill-judged determinations will tend very materially
to retard it A firm, prudent, well-judging man, sent from
134th, may do much good, and prevent much evil. Excuse
these warnings—they are well intended, and will be found to
be worthy of consideration. " J. A. R.
" To Mr. Bolwell,
ing Men's Association, Bath."

Secretary, Work

IRELAND.
