elective franchise, so that it shall embrace the dregs of the
populace—and for shortening the duration of Parliaments,
so as to make the recurrence of elections as frequent as
that of the autumnal crops—it is for the people to consider
calmly, whether they are satisfied to have such men for
Ministers. If, on the other hand, the Whigs be consistent
with their own professions during the Grey and Melbourne
Governments—if they be still content with corrective re-
forms, for improving the efficiency of our institutions, instead
of seeking organic changes, of which the result would be,
to supersede those institutions by others of a different
tendency—cui bono for the welfare of the people, contra-
distinguished from mere factious views, would it be ,
to disturb the existing Administration, without at least
ascertaining by experience how far they may or may not be
disposed to grant reform measures as ample as any which
the Whigs before their retreat had encouraged us to hope
for ? With regard to the declarations of certain candi-
dates, some of whom, we grieve to say, will be proposed this
morning for the city of London, that they will oppose the
present Ministers from the first day of the session, without
waiting for their measures, and without reference to them,
it betokens the worst extremity of factious violence and fury.
It is the more remarkable, because the very individuals who
have so blindly pledged themselves against the Conservatives
were noted in the last Parliament for their frequent and in-
temperate attacks upon the Whigs, for voting against the
Whig measures, and for originating measures of their own
which the Whigs could not accede to. We are not
unreasonable, therefore, in suggesting that Radical
politicians of this'stamp can have no desire to see the Go-
vernment in the hands of the Whigs, but that they reckon
on a nominal transfer of the Ministry to their hands, as a
stepping-atone or ladder by means of which it may be re-
transferred to those of the Radical junta. The country, we
say, ought to be preparedfor such machinations. The country
ought to know that if the Whigs be reinstated in office
through their alliance with the Radicals, they must hold it
subject to Radical supremacy and dictation, and from this
dilemma there is no escape, but by waiting first to see what
Sir Robert Peel may offer. From the City we lamer+,
ci,7 that the latest intelligence is in no degre6! more pro-
rdsing "or the anti-Radical cause than
'-.prat we stated in
Ssturday's leading article. Tile'7lperiority of organization,
activity, energy, and ".ambers, will, unless happily
we have been a"::;erved, turn out in favour of that
party, of
7:l.lreb, whatever its real chiefs and sup-
Porte 7, may be, the representatives at least have shown a
strong radical leaven. It has been asserted that Mr.
Lewis Loyd, the banker, Mr. Gurney, the rich and re-
spectable Quaker, and Mr. Roberts, the surviving partner
of Sir William Curtis, and nephew of the late Mr. Tier-
ney, will propose three of the anti-Conservative candidates.
Oi course, no rational man would think of classing men
of vast fortune and station in the commercial world, like
the above gentlemen, among the number of deliberate
Destructives." They have too much to preserve by the
support of good government, and too much to sacrifice
under the reign of disorder and confusion, to bs, while in
their sober senses, favourers of sny movement, direct or
indirect towards the overthrow of the State or its esta-
blishments. But what they are incapable of designing
they may help inadvertently to bring about. They may not
yet I:.eve turned their thoughts to the aim or tendency
of some of the speculations which are countenanced and
pushed forward by the candidates they recommend to their
fallow-citizens. They may not see in the ballot a mask for
hypocrisy and knavery, nor anticipate an assault upon
funded property from a wholesale spoliation of the church.
Yet the carelessness and short-sightedness of those rich
men do not render the dangers to which they are insensible
not one jot less imminent or less real. Their duty as well as
interest would be to curb the onward movement of revolu-
tionary violence, not to throw the reins on a wild horse's
nsek, and let him hurry with his rider to destruction. If
tl:e city effort on this occasion should unfortunately
fail, an event of which we know not the degree of
p-obability, but by which it would be absurd in the
Conservatives to be taken unprepared, as if it were
quite impossible, we shall deeply and conscientiously
lament the failure, as being anothor barrier in the way of
confusion broken down. We then must look to the supe-
rior steadiness and prudence of the country constituencies
to repair the error of their more multitudinous brethren in
the capital, and trust that if the language of his Majesty's
advisers shall, at the opening of the new Parliament, be
frankly declaratory of a political syttem congenial to the
spirit of the Reform Bill—namely, one which shall have
the well-being of the whole people of the United Kingdom
for its object—no factious, no vindictive, no subversive
spirit of mean jealousy, of sordid rapacity, or of " destruc-
tive" madness, may taint the proceedings of the majority of
Englishmen, however it may actuate sonic of the discarded
Whigs, and not a few of the fierce clique of revolutionary
jobbers.—Times.

GENERAL ELECTION.

THE METROPOLIS.

CITY.

On Saturday the City was all bus•le an-I activity, in conse-
cuence of the approaching elect:on. The friends of
Cusses of candidates were in the field ; and th° 'exertions of
the friends on each side to secure votes. P..ceeded almost every
thing of the kind ever witnessed on any former occasion. The
result has been most r/--,ering to the cause of reform. If the
electors only true to their promises, of which there can
.
be nQ ‘l',-uot, the four reform candidates will be returned by a
l.umphant majority. Towards the latter end of the day the
Tories saw that the game was all up with them t they conse-
quently became depressed in spirits, and in the afternoon were
comparatively relaxed in their exertions. The Reformers, on
the other hand, were all enthusiasm together ; everywhere the
canvassers met with the mcst gratifying reception. The
Reformers had been quietly at work all the week, and the
Tories, though usually excellent tacticians, consequentlyfound
themselves out-manoeuvred in this instance. The exertions of
the canvassers in the reform interest have been above all praise,
and they will doubtless receive the cordial and lasting gratitude
of their countrymen for the glorious example which, by their
efforts, the City of London will exhibit to every town in the
country on Wednesday and Thursday next. Who can doubt
that that example will be followed, in the return of real
Reformers from all popular constituencies of the United King-
dom?

It is be:ievcd tint the number of veers for the ensuing elec-
tion for the City will be 12,000. The position of the Tory
candidates on the poll may be inferred with toltrablO titcuracy
from the fact, that notwithstanding all the hawking and solicit-
ing which were resorted to for the purpose, the number of sig-
natures to the requisition to Mr. Ward is under 2,000, and the
number would be still further reduced, were those persons'
struck out who have no votes.

The neighbourhood of Guildhall VfittO crowded with persons
attracted attracted to the place by the prepatations making for the im-
pending election. The polling places within Guildhall are
now being erected with great activity. Th,e wails
building are all covered oy;',e with ;Atte Phgting bills, from
both the Reformers. and Tories ; and between their unusually
large lettert and 'le various colours of the paper, the building
has rather t singular appearance. One of the bills in the
Reform Interest runs thus—" Household voters should never
f-_,-;•get that they owe their franehise to the &for mere ; and
they will, it is hoped, never disgrace themselves by voting for
Tories, who strenuously opposed their chinas td thb right of
.
voting." Another is as follows :=1" of the City Iby
one united and determined eflbft, triumphantly return the four
Reformers, Woody_ (IMO, Crawford, and Pattison. Reject
the three toriet, Ward, Wilson, and Lyall. Reformers of the
City noble triumph awaits you." A third is headed—
" wt.: nave the Whigs done for the people ?" The ques-
tion is answered by an entitheration of various reductions of
I taxation, and retrenchment in the expenditure of the country,
which have been effected by the Whigs, and by a reference to
the various popular measures they passed. Among these are
mentioned the abolition of slavery j the doing away with the
East India Company's monopoly; the opening the trade to
China ; the beneficial alteration made in the Charter of the
Bank of England; the reforms in our Law Courts, &c. The
Tory hand-bills are less varied ; they chiefly counsel the elec-
t ,rs to vote for Ward, Wilson, and Lyall. The City bill-
s.ickers have reaped a rich harvest. They were constantly
employed from breakfast-time till a late hour in the evening.
Mr. Pattison, the Bank of England Director, and the new
ciudidate for the City of London, is a plain-looking man, ap-
parently about sixty years of age. His manners and appear-
ance arc very much like those of a respectable farmer. He
seems full of good nature. He appears to possess a sound
judgment, but is no great speakers His political principles,
we understand, are much more liberal than would appear from
his printed address, though it was considered decidedly liberal.
There is every appearance of honesty and straight forwardness
about him. The following circumstance is highly to his credit.
It is well known that from the nature of the high situation
which Mr. Pattison holds as Governor, he possesses great in-
fluence over the votes of the various clerks in that establish-
mmit who possess the franchise ; but that gentleman, highly to
his credit, a day or two since made it his business personally to
communicate to the several parties holding situations in the
Bank, that at the ensuing election they were at perfect liberty
to exercise the right of voting, without the least fear of his
feeling offended should they vote against him. He hoped, he
said, that every one would vote according to the dictates of his
own judgment, and leave entirely out of the question that the
Governor of the Bank of England was one of the candidates.

On Saturday evening a most numerous and respectable
meeting of the friends of the four Reform candidates for the
city residing in the Borough, was held in the Three Tuns,
Margaret-hill—Mr. Benjamin Wood, late candidate for the
borough of Southwark, in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN having opened the meeting.
Mr. J. ECUs moved the first resolution, which was to the
effect, that the present state of the country was such as to re-
quire that the people of this country should return to Parlia-
ment such men as would carry into effect the principles of the
Reform Bill. M. Ellis spcke at some length, and with much
effect.

Mr. J. HOWE seconded the reso:ution. We muss either
bVe a thorough reform, er sir .k again into that mass of corrup.-
'.on in which we had so long been. It was carried urotni-
rnously.
Mr. BRAND moved the seccnd resolution, which was to thy'
effect that 04e melting alit Lipp every eiertio to secure the
