ilstiE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers) July

[MO AN LNG POST.]
Lon of the WEST INDIES altd qi'llo?-0 Millions if
Revenue; of Employment' for many thousands
of Seamen and Tons of Shipping ; of the Con-
sumption of our Mantffactures to the amount of
lllillions; and of the Expenditure of many. Mil-
lions Sterling in England in private Fortunes
[FROM A CORRESPONDENT.]
That such will be the intelligence announced
some day bobn, if the Revolutionary Gentlemen
among us succeed in their present attempts upon
our West India Colonies, the following extract
froman American Paper proves beyond dispute:—
" Philadelphia, June 23.
" HAT eL—The proposition of the Ilaritur Oovernment,
made through the agent at present in this country, is so liberal,
anti at.the same time so advantageous to our free Blackn and
oniselvea,that it is presuinable it will be taken into serious con-
sitletation. The rapid increase of free Neteroat is alreadycont
plaitird
of as an evil in several of our large cities, .and it is but
re::*ceable to conclude, that any just and humane phut of lessen-
ing their numbers will be readily adopted. The offers of the
ey ian Ooycrnmcnt are fair, and hold out considerable induce;.
meats to adventurers:—Here, whatever privileges the Negroes
enjoy, they will ever be a contemned and servile race ; but there
they will be enabled to aconire property, and enjoy all the
right' anti privileges of citizenship. Here they can never be
looked upon as on an equality with the White population, and
this Very idea of servility tends to debase and degrade them
into the abject creatures we behold them; there, on the con-
trary, the Oovernment is administered by people. of their own
colour, .ands the disqualifications on account of the tinge of
their skin do not prevail. Philanthropists, may indulge in
visionarytdeaaupon this subject, but we believe it will be many
ages before our white population will consider colour as it matter
of indifference ; and so long as it is made a barrier, so long will
the blacks ben nuisance arm inconsid4able magnitude. The
absolute necessity of devising some means for thinning their
nuolbers became apparent some years since, and the Coloniz-
ation Society was the result. Africa was looked upon, and a
suitable spot chosen for their settlement ; but recent advices
induce the belief that this spot will have to be abandoned.—
What plan then more feasible than sending them to St. Do-
mingoV there they will be secure of a friendly reception, have
lands allotted them, their wants supplied for a time, and they
!aid their children enjoy the blessings of freedom and the rights
(linen. For our parts, we look upon it as a good oppertunity
for disposing of our surplus population—a scheme advanta-
geous alike to the objects of its beneficence anti ourselves.—
Dere they are becoming a pestilence, for which it behoves our
political physicians to seek a remedy, and there is none so effi-
cacioue as expatriation."
if free Blacks be such a nuisance in the United
States, where they are a small minority, what
would the Negroes be in the West India Islands
(where the Whites are so small a minority), if
those Negroes were free ? The Islands could
not he held a day, especially amidst new free
States arising around theM. The White Proprie-
tors would be ruined, extirpated, ns they were ut
tit. Domingo, where freedom has diminished the
black population. Without entering on the
questions of slavery, or the rights of property, it
is time the British people'should ask themselves
the question—can we afford to lose the West In-
dies If the answer be in the negative, then for-
tunately the proceedings in, the United States
prove beyond dispute that speedily we must lose
them, if our Revolutionists, aided as they are
by the Radicals, succeed in.. the efforts they are
making. Fortunately for us, the experiment has
been proved in the United States, and specula-
tion and debate are at an end. The question is,
shall we' cast off the West [tidies, and give A
tidal hlove to our manufacturing, commercial, anci
naval greatness ?

Caorrtsit ettEssl
We extract the folloWing paragraph from the
letter of our Paris Correspondent, receited this
morning In my last letter I touched on the
present moon( and condition of the army of
France : that 'army is secretly strengthening
Itself in every direction, and preparing to revive
their military character, and to become again a
a conquering, nation. Mr. Canning, I think, must
foresee that an' eventful period is,approachieg;
that it will require all his foresight to meet, and
all his abilities to master. , Depend 'upon it, if
Villele.:'cOntinetts in power, and the King lives,
you will, ere long, have war. The foundations
of tranquillity, security, and property, among
nations, will :be again broken up. ' The Holy
Alliance,' you will tell me, have bound them-
selves to-preserve the peace of Ettrope.' ..T
answer, flute man must be the greatest block-
head -under the sky' that can, for a moment,
trust to their Fidelity. Depend upon it a very
slight pretext woold,affordthem an apology for
putting their troops in .motion. The most mili-
tary poWers of Euritpe are combined in this
umvirute : the accession of France to this league
may be counted upou with certainty. The incen-
tives that exist, and that lead to this result, are
greatly to be lamented, but they are not, on that
account, the less to be guarded against. The.
Holy Alliance, be, it remembered, is not an al-
liance between nations, but between Sovereigns,
clubbing their military Means to put down, as oC.
casion may require, every attempt to establish a
free constitution either in other countries or in
their own. ,It is with this system Of policy that
France is in alliance; her Only efforts are bent
to the propagation of arbitrary power. She haS
no common tie of fellowship with Great Britain
quite the reverse : the public voice in England is
tau' strong; and the tone of its priticiples too high,
to make tier fraternity at all desirable in
the A 'lied. Cabinets. There is nothing in either
that is at ell-suited to the atmosphere of Paris, or
the meridian of Moscow. France, in heart, is
with the Concert
,of Princes; the whole stream
of her politics flows into the Grand' Junction.
make no allusion to her insulted pride and
wn'inded honour, though on both these points
she is sore enough—she has motives more power-
ful and 'more persuasive to decide her for war,
and unless a great change, not at this moment to
be looked.futi takes place,. events. will soon ma-
nifest that the 'military preparations which are
silently care in on here, are trot without their
"'Jett. There is much; more that offers itself
fin. abs4l.,atiou: nu this- head; but I have said
enough for the, prole at,"

MOHNtria
1
7,14 e Peruvian Luau seems to be sharing the
same,fate as the Loan for the celebrated. Cacique
McGregor ; our reittlers will see by our foreign
(Jock list that it is at a very considerable dis-
count. We naturally commiserate those 'who
purchase the bits of paper called Peruvian scrip
and at the smile tirne we hope that no uue has
