HAYTI.

We have received a mass of newspapers, procla.
mations, laws, handbill., &c. of various kinds up to
the Bth of January last, from Hayti. Onthe Ist of
that month the anniversary of the intleyentience of
the republic was celebrated. ;Ile official Report of
the festivities of the day at Porf-nu-Prince, together
with the patriotic speeches of the Presidcnts• of the,
Senate at.d Republic, remind the reader strongly of
the days of the French' Republic. Some Extracts
from the oration of the President of the Senate will
serve to give an idt:a of the 'spirit, real or afte6ltxl, of
the Government :
" CITIZENS !

" The anniversary of our independence, which We
celebrate to-day, yecalls mom bosoms the efforts we.
have made U conquer liberty, and the enterprises of
tyranny to overthrow it.
" Scarcely were we delivered from the French
yoke, when the most frightful slavery succeeded to
liberty, and DESSALINES, raised to the Stlitlinit of
greatness, forgot that he owed his power to the peo-
ple he oppressed. The patience of the people was
put to a severe trial, but the excess of crime pro-
duced despair,
,and the 17th of 06tober 'saw tit*
throne fall with the head of the tyrant.
" This memorable epoch reinstated you in your.
rights, and you consecrated them by giving your-
selves a free Constitution, founded on the principles
oljtistice and humanity. Such a Conslitmion was
not desired by lieNitY CHHISTOOAK, the friend and
worthy emulator of DHSS [Nos, The title of 6on-
stitutional Chief oil the State did not suit him; he
resolved to stifle the Republic in it' hirth,, and he
chose the Ist of January to commence and Complete
his crime. The genius of liberty saved once more
our Country, and the phalanxes of tyranny were
vanquished and crushed.

•' In vain new conspirators wished to replifilst
you in despotism; i vakn the infamous YAYON Me-
ditated the overthrow of the Republic ; in vain the
perfiduous MAGLOLIIE wished to destroy libetty and
hiS country. It is on you, brave soldiers, that the
safety of the State reposes. It is on youl laborious
crultivatorsoirg our hopes are founded; it is from
all,good citizens that we,'exped the example of
those virtues Which chars lerise a people truly
free, &c."

In the evening a grand supper was given by the
Government, at winch the tbreign melch.w;s and
traders were present. The following tkr.ists were

given :---

By 14e,Pretidentl—rflie Republic and t 134 Ledo-
pendence of Hari,
Geperal Bonnet—The powerful King of Rog.
land ; may lei it,llrine destroy his enemies, and tbo*o
of Hay Cr.
By MT. Engli,l4 reerchaut—The-Presi-
sident of Hayti, Ike..

The town was illuminated, and the festival was
terminated by a brilliant

In the Court of Chancery, yesterday, the person
who assumes.to be the real Duke of Noßmatx, and
. claims the vast estates of that Nobleman, addressed
the Court, and stated, that Air. INlti.t.s, to' whom
his I,Ar4ship had assigned his business, made an
excusetliat he had too much other business to at-
tend to that, If be waived his right to the Duke.
dom, there could be no excuse why lie should not
be put in possession of the Seymour estates, his right
at title to them being fully proved by thu retorda
of that Court. He then proceeded to tepeat.hia old
story of having been thrown, with his wife, into
Workhouse, by order of the .Duke, and concluded
by requesting, his Lordship would order his business
into otherhandi. The LuRD CHANctiatot informed
him that be would speak tolVlr.
Davis, a maniac, then addressed his Lordship, but
she was.ordered out of Court.
robbery was sicittunitted
Last night 'a most daring
upon the promises of the counting-housti On the
gallery der the Royal Exchange, About (line in
number. . The robbers Ware supposed to haVe4nade a
considerable. booty. _ the Merchant Seailk4ll'S
Office , there was box containing cash to 4iti
amount of 10001, 'which they did not open : the
Royal Exchange Assurance Otlice, anti I.l.ut>'s
Coffee-house, they did not attempt to enter,
