PICTUALLING 0 IfFICE,

Feb. 4, rSc7.
4 1E COMM. ISSIOIVERSfor
LVICTILIL
HIS 111..4 jESTY's NAVY do hereby give Notice; That
on Frill,)' the zoth Inst. they will be ready to receive Ten-
ders,.in writing (sealed up), and treat for what 1(1V ET S,
COOP E_RS' TOOLS, and COOPERAGE STORES the
service of this INpartntent niqy pequire f,r the spetee'of One Year
frAz the Dates of the anti-ass to be delivered into the Viand.
Scores at Deptford ; and to be paid fir by Bills, igyable,
with interest, nine!), days after date.
The Conditions of the C..mtraas ntiy
,be seen at the Sect eta;y't
Office.

No regard will be had to hny Tender in .which the Price skat
not te inserted in words_ at length, cr that shall not be delivtrqd
to the -Board before 9ets,,o'Clcck on the said Friday the zoti
Inst. nor unless the. Person ns,lso takes the Tender, cr acme Per-
Sso`4 can his behalf, attends, to answer, When cated for. •

'NOTICE TO-MARINERS ANt) OTHERc.
ALL Persons-going Abroad are requested to take
Notice, that toe. V ELLOW- FEVER PO \VD L
and Preventive Infusion; which destroys the Etted- of all
Kinds of Malignant Fevers in hot or, ,unwholescime Climates,
may he obtained at the .Warehouses, which have been estar
Wished with the most Philanthropic Views, at No..p,
Charing Cross, near trie Aumiralty, London, and No. to,
Castle-street, Liverpool, by appointment of the Directors
of Inc: Institution, to secure Health in Foreign Parts, where
Pet:tiiential Diseases get :rally prevail.
1 Powders and Infusion are packed in Tin Boxes, each
of which contains a Qoantit) sufficient for On Per:4n for
Twelve Months, cocther with athpleflirections for its lige
and Application. Patronized -iiild strongly-recommended by
•Regular and Eminent Pqseiatis.

HEALTH AND LONGEVITY.
DR. ‘AIIES's ANALEPTIC AND ANTIBILIODS
PILLS.

THE
Celebrity ,of the Analeptic Pills, as A ge_
1 ne ra I Preservative of Health, is oecorne universal, trout
their Eificacy in those Complaints Which continually dis-
turb the Human Frame ; such as Colds, kneuinati,ms,
.:lead-achy, lndigestions, and other Diseases of the Stomach
and Bowels ; which arise front the Vicissitudes of our
Cli-
mate, or from Indulgence in the Luxuries of Life; and these
salutary Erreds are produced by gently opening the Pores by
Night, and the Body by Day, without requiring any parti-
cular'Rei.;imen or Confineinent. But though the. Analeptic
Pills are also very serviceable in Bilious 'and other deep_
seated Disorders, yet being designed as a mild Purgative only,
and therefore not always sufficiently active, the.Antibilious
Pills have been recommended in aid, by an eminent Physician.
who has used these Me.ticines combined for many. years with
the happiest success in- ;ill complaints of the Liver, as well
as'in other internal Diseases.

Sold only by F. Newbery and Sons, lgo. 45, St. Paul's Church-yard, on the Coach-way, four doors front the Cor-
ner of Citeapsidc, London ; and at Dr. wines'; late :lonia
in Bruton-street ;,viz. the. Analeptic Pills, price 4s. 6d-.
-.a Box, or six in one large Box, for if. 45. ; and the Antihilious
Pills, price 25. qd a Box, Duty included —Observe that the
words." F. Newberg, No. 45, St. Paul's," are engraved in
the Stamps.

To T..,TAYLOR, Surgeon, , No. qv New Bridge-street,
Loudon.

• SIR, Edinburgh, May 2, 'Soo.
• TN the Spring of 1794 I was atiliaed with a
Venereal Complaint, which I treated with inditter,
ence for five months ; but wAs then obliged to apply to a
regular Physician, who- put a temporary stop- to the viru-
lence of the Disease -(by mercurial applications) for some
time; 'but growing, in spite of all medicine and the advice
of the first Gentlemen .of the Faculty here, worse and
worse for two,years,. h was reduced to a stare almost un-
paralleled and beyond description, being an entire leper,.
and ulcerated front head to toot.—My head, throat, mouth,
in short, A have had from nose, legs, arms, &c. have been alternately in danger of
and nearly totally de-
, priVed of sight.—rt would be voluminous particulae
rue all my case—suffice it to say, there never was, or ever
btheicrotlynineag tnulgselnelscse;rs twenty to
on
my
budy,
one of amore daiterous, or of a more compli::
dated nature. I was long looked 'upon by .my friends, and
imagined myself, beyond all hopes of recovery; and, in-
deed, in my` then condition, death was preferable to my
more than miserable state: In this dreadful situation did
I drag a most miserable existence, till Diliine Providence
threw in my way a Newspaper containing the case of a
Mn B. of Plymouth--my triends read it, I could not.--I
sent and procured. • some of your I. EA KE PATE NT
htoe.l;toht-ealinitlitinhopes
PILLS, which, by using from time to time, ern now, and
have lung been, (atter more than four years indescribable
I distress); in as good a 'state of health as ever. I enjoyed • as a
born' to'
proo • this,
ofnle ite.'feiol'itvi.e.rmiiingtnihrisi:agt;Cl'll'otiwnl-eicregtarhatrutiivrtei:llsdgee'rviee, .1 request you to
by letter or person.
publish this ; and you may at. any time refer persons who
wish to be satisfied .of the truth- of this, or further parts
:vtneansteesw-fonrlYbetrhielenslsiev ill ever equal •mine, and none
I have from exiierienee every reason to assure
that in your- LEAKE's PILLS they will find e
cm6xuak;srkesiii:endit:
sure, speedy, sefe, aied radical cure, lot that mast dread-
ful stage of he:Venereal Disease, which is ' called e ems-.
Firttiter I.uEs. • 101 IN T2l-10MPSON.
• * ,InSurmountable, family reasons prevent making my
name and address public; , but creditable• persons really.
• wanting information may als6 be referred 'to me and .my
friends by Mrs. S. Clack, Ramsay-Gardens, Edinbutgh.
Prepared and Sold by-the-Sole Proprietor, '
T. TAYLOA., Member of the 'Royal College- of Surgeons
'he London, at his house, No. c.-.Nevi,Bridge7street,
Where he will give Advice witlfoUt a fee,. to I-Trsons tak,
'ing these Pills, 'and will:Answer patients letters, if post-
paid, on the same terms, observing in .all eases the most
inviolable secrecy, no person's name or case havieg been
mentioned, but at their own particular request, by the P.ra.e,
prietor, during the course as More than thirty-six years,
that he has had the caieduaing at an extensive sale 6f the
above Medicine, and the practice arising. therefrom..
They are also sold by his Appointment, ior the conve.
nience of those; liVing at a distance, . by • Mr. Baxter,
South,bridge,. -Edinburgh ; Mr. Macdonald, Printer,' G las-
gow, to whom also Mr. T. refers for Ws address • at the
Perfumer's, No:.3s, St. Alhan's-street, .L'aii-:hall; Mr.
Robertson's Toy-shoß, No. Ise, Oxford-street; Mr. Dis,,
borough's,. No. 7, Fish-street-hill, nearly oPposite the 'Mo-
nument; Mr. Steel's, Bookseller; No. 1, Union-row, Little
Tower-hill; MI- Bull, Dame-street, Dublin; and by one
person in every considerable town in Great.ltritain and
Ireland, in Boxes ut. only 2s ed. each, sealed up with
full and plain diredions whereby persons of either Sex
may cure thernselveS- withease and secrecy.
`N. B. Every Box -sold in Great Britain is sealed up'
with' a Stamp, :on Witiche by • favour •01 the 'Commits-,
sioners, is printed, .at the Stamp-011icr--" T. Tay.kr,.,
• No 6, New 13ridge-street." to imitat'whickf is felony,
' ail ewers are cogntertei7s, • -• •

IMPERIAL _P4RLIAiIIENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

THURSDAY, FEB. 5.

- -
The Dike.of.Somerset and the Marquis of tans-
acm.?ne took the Oaths and their Seats,
The RIO Militia Service Bill was read a third
time and passed,- -•'
The Irish Office Abolition Bill, and the Grain
Intercourse Bill, Were read a second time, and com-
mitted for to-morrow. '

SLAVE TRADE.

"The Order of the Day was read For the second
- reading of the Bill fer Abolishing thil Slave Trade,
Lord GRENPILLE—In 'stating to your Lord-
ships, in detail, some of the arguments on which
this important measure rests, I hope•l shall be ex-
cuSed by your. Lordships if • I should feel myself
obliged, in some instanceseto tread over the same
ground,which,has become so familiar to you in the,
course ola discussion which has lasted for twenty
years, After the investigation this subje& has al-
ready undergone, it is scarcely possible to avoid re-
peating, in seine instances, the "same Arguments ao
which we have s'o long been accustomed. I will,
however, my Lords, proceed to the discussion with-
-. - out farther introduation ; and, in the first place, to
• state that argument which is the principal founda-
tion 'of this measure, namely—justice. This nice-
. sure rests upon- justice, and calls imperatively upon
ydur Lordships for your approbation and support.
Had it been, my Lords, merely a question of hu-
Inenity, Tarn ready to admit that it mighfthen have
become a consideration with your Lordships as to
low far you would extends or circumscribe that hu-
Inanity. Had it been simply a question involving
the interest or welfere of the British Empire in the
'West Indies, it would then certainly have been
ikuestien with your Lordships how far, and in what
Yespeet, you should legislate. But in this in-
Stance I Contend, that justiceimperiously calls upon
,your Lordships to abolish the Slave Trade. I have
heard some opinions urged to the. effeat as if justice
Could, contain opposite and contradielory tenets.—
justice, my Lords, is one, uniform and immutable.
Is it to be endUred, that the profits obtained by
'Tobbery ate to be urged as an
.argument for the
.continuance of robbery ? Justice is still the same,
,and'you are called upon by this measure not only
,to do justice 4o the oppressed and injured Natives
, ,of -Africa, but also 'to your own Planters—to, inter-
. .pose between the Planters of your own Islands, and
their otherwise certain ruin and destru6tion. You
are called upon to do justice to your own Planters
in spite of their prejudices .and their fears, and. to
prevent them by this measure from meeting that
ciestruetion which is otherwise Certain and in-
. evitahle. Was it, therefere, a trade which was in
itself' lovely and amiable, instead of being, as it
Wicked, criminal, and detestable; that you were now
' .palled upon to abolish, this would be an.unenswerable
ergument for its abolition—that 'its continuance must
pro. eeethe ruin of your Planters. But, my Lords,
.wheu i: is considered that this-trade is the most cri-
-;rninal that any country can he engaged in—when
it is considered him/ tnueb getit.has been incurred
.in carrying it on, in tearing the unhaep; Africres
by thousands and tens of- thousands from their' fa-
•milies, their friends, their connexions, and their
:social ties, and dooming them to a life of slavery
and misery, and after incurring all this guilt, that
- the continuance of this criminal traffic must end in
'the ruin of the Planters in your Islands, who vainly
expea profit froMit—surely there can be no doubt
that this detestable trade ought at once to be abo-
lished. We have heard, however, my Lords, state-
ments adduced fir the purpose of attempting to•prove
that the present state of the population' of the
1-lands cannot be kept up without such importations.
We are then to be told that the law of nature,
-whieh has hitherto been considered as universal,
meets with' an exception in the West Indies, and
that there alone the increase and multiplication of
the human species does not take place. Let us
therefore examine how far this statement agrees
with faets. Some years since I was engaged in cals
dilations reseeEting the. population of the, West
iedia Islands, along with a person who' to many
great and brillianequalities added a complete know-
Jralge of political arithmetic--I mean the late Mr.
Pitt. The result of those calculations was, with re-
ipeet to the" Island of Jamaica, that from the year
• 1698 to 17e0, the excess of deaths above the' births
*mounted to 3i per cent.ee en 1730 to 1755 to •2t.
per cent. from 1755 to 1769 to l I per cent. froth
1.769 to 1780 to 3-sth per cent. and the average of
the three years ending in 1798 or 1800, it is not
material which, gives • an excess of deaths of only
1-24th per cent. In this calculation is included the
1c hole population of the Tsland,
.and of course the
ireshimportations ; and it is well known, that with
respeCt to the latter, the negroes newly imported die
in the harbours before they are landed, to the amount
of five per cent. and that many more die soon after
they are set to work. It is therefore clear that the
population of the Island is perfeEtly competent to
support itself. It is remarkable also, that' in Domi-
nica, although a newer Island, and although fresh
lands are known to be inimical: to the increase of
population, there "is an excess of births above the,
deaths. The argument", therefore, that fresh im-

portations are necessary to keep up the present pó-
pulation of the islands, completely fails. But then
we are told that fresh importations are necessary in
order to cultivate new' lands. My Lords, to en-
courage the continuance of the trade for this pur-
pose is, to ruin thc. Planters of your Islands : are
they not now distressed by the accumulation of pro-
duce on their hands, for which they cannot find a
market ; and wilt it not therefore be adding to" that
distress, andleading the Planters on to their ruin,
if you suffer the continuance of fresh importations ?
.z.',ven, however, on the supposition that the cultiva-
tion of the waste lands in Jamaica, or of nearly the
whole extent of the Island of Trinidad could produce
profit to the Planters, is it to be endured that this
detestable tratfic is to be continued, and such a mass
of human misery produced, not to prevent loss, bat
to create gain ? My Lords, according to a very
moderate'calculation, to bring into cultivation the
waste lands in the Island of Jamaica, the Slave
Trade must be continued for two or three centuries
longer, and to cultiirate nearly the whole Ishind of
Trinidad, for a much longer period, whilst it would
take- a million of those untOrtunate beings from
Africa-to cultivate each Island ito cultivate

Clad even a greater number. Were it -possible, my
Lords, that these is millions of human beingkeoract he'
collated together at am same time, and that they
could be contemplated With therefledion that they
were to be-torn from their families and friends, that
every social tie was to be broken asunder, --that they
were to be delivered over to barbarity and oppres,
sion, and were to endure the greatest misery that
it was possible for human beings to suffer; would it
be endured by any one of your Lordships, that a
traffic productive of so much misery should be conti-
nued for an instant ? Would it not even soften the
obdurate heart of the greatest barbarian that ever
tyrannised in a slave ship ? We were (old, how-
ever, yesterday, by the Learned Couuse at the Bar,
that fresh importations were necessary, in order that
the slaves might be more easily governed ; We are
told of the favoUrite maxim of divide et impera, and
!that by, fresh importations the slaves were more rea-
dily divided into classes, 'and more easily kept in or'-'
der than oae body of natives. My opinion is direr
ly the contrary. Fresh importations are surely more
likely to put those Negroes already on the Island in
mind of the injustice they had previously suffered,
and there is little difficulty in communicating a
sense of injustice and oppression from man to man.
Prohibit fresh importations,and let t he Negroes already
on the Islands be well treated and propel ly proteded,
and they will become sensible of the proiCaion and
kindness extended to them, and gradually lose their
feelings of the original injustice practised upon them.
The horrors of St. Domingo have been, however,
presented-to our view ; but to what are they
,to be
attributed ?—to the violation of solemn promises, to'
the breach of faith towards the Negroes,, and the
gross injustice pradisA towards them. My Lords,
so far from the Abolition of the Slave Trade having
-a tendency to produce those horrors in our Islands,
I contend that it is the only measure that can pre-
vent them. I have endeavoured to Prove, my
Lords, that the continuance of this Trade is unne-
cessary with a view to the present state of the popu-r.
lation of the Islands, as that can support itself ; that
to suffer it to continue for the purpose of cultivating
new lands, will be certain ruin to the Planters, and
that the Abolition of the Trade is the. only way of
zwoiding, in your own Islands, the lid/Torsi which
have afflicted St. Domingo. Some years since it
was thought that a gradual abolition was the best
mode of `destroying this Trade the advocates, at
that period, of gradual abolition, must now be ad-,
vocates for a total abolition, for the period has arriv-
ed to which they looked forward, namely, whets
the population of the islands would be able to sup-
port itself. Nothing but a total Abolition will now
satisfy justice. Let us not think that any re-
gulations in the Islands can be carried into of eat
with a view to Abolition; on the contrary Abolition
must take place with a view to reguations. • In the
year 1792, when the proposed Abolition of the
Slave Trade was negatived, it was agreed to address
his-Majesty, praying him to send instructions to the
Governors-of the Colonies to procure the adoption
of measures for the better protection, and the better
treatment oft the Negroes. What was the conse-
quence ? My Lords, I wish not to inflame, and
therefore I will simply refer your Lordships to the
correspondence upon the table relative to that sub-
ject, and particularly tp that of my Lord Seaforth,
the Governor ,of Barbadoes; three., moat horrible
and dreadful murders of slaves were cpunitted' in
that Island, attended with circumstances of barba-
rity; which I will not shock your LordsliiPg by de-
tailing. Lord Seaforth of course * instituted an in-
quiry, upon which it was found that *.the murder of
a- slave was only punishable by a fine of eleven
pounds. That Noble Lor,d, in conforthity to the
instructions he had received, and with a.prOPer
Bard for the British character, immediately proposed
to tlse Legislature of the Island, to' enact a law, af-
fixing the punishment of death to the murder ola
slave. How was this proposition received ? It was
received, my Lords; with insult, and the Council
and House of Assembly returned answers in lan-
guage fitting, as they Conceived, to the:insult which
had been offered to them. What then is to be ex-
pected from regulations to be adopted by the Colo-
nial Assemblies ? It is but. right, however, that
I should state that I have since heard it report-
ed that the Legislature of Barbadoes have
since adOpted that course which justice pointed
out, and have affixed the proper punishment to the
murder of a slave. SO, however; if the.evidenCe
of a.slave is not to be received against a white, is
there riot given to the master an, opportunity of ty-
rannizing over his slaves, and inflicting on them
dreadful cruelties without th& Possibility* of bringing
him to justice. Let-us, my Lords, abolish this eri-
minal traffic, and we may look fdrward to the pe-
riod when the slaves, become in a great degree
natives of the Islands; will feel the benefits of the
protction extended to them,-and the good- treat-
ment they experience, and will'evince a correspond-
attachment to ,the country irons which they re-
ceive those benefits. Throughout all history we
find that the prOgi-ess from slavery to liberty has
been first by means of personal slaves becoming
predial, or attached to the land; and fronS thence
they have ascended to freedom. 'My Lords, I look
forward to the period when the Negroes in the
West India Islands, becoming labonrers rather than
slaves, will feel an interegt in the welfare and

prosperity of the country to which they are indebted
• for protection, and of the Islands where. they ex-
ptzience real comforts, and when they may be
called upon to share largely in the defence of those
Islands with a sure confidence in their loyalty and
attachment.. My Lords, the measure now proposed
.for the, AbolitiOn of the Slav Trade is one to which
I cannot think that any one who dispassionately con-
siders the sObject can give a negative: What right do
we deriv.-eirom any hunian institution, or any divine
ordinance, to tear the Nat iVesofAtrica, to deprive them.
by force of the hieans otlqbouring for their own ad-
vantage, and to compel them to labour for our profit ?
If then to do so is geoss injustice and oppression; as
I contend it evidentl. 'andundoubtedly is, can there
be a question that the charaOet of the country ought
to be cleared from the -:4n'impressed by' the guilt
of such a:traffic—of a tratii
„by the ef...t of Which
we keep Africa in a state rof barbarity• and desola-
tion ? In support of the trade, it has been said, that 1
if we did not take away the individuals who are the .1
_ _

objets of it, they would be nut to death either as
prisoners taken in xyar, or for witchcraft, or other
crimes; but is it not evident, from the testilnooy we
have had upon this subject, that this is not the tact'?
On the contrary, we have not only every reason tO

believe that the men made prisontiai m Vlr would
be, according to the 'custom
.of barbarouaitations,
made domestic slaves to "their capters, but we'
have every reason to conclude, that it is the tempta-
tions held out toihe Chiefs on the Coast of Africa, for
the gratification of their passionsi.that induce, them,
to enter into those frequent wars, and that produces
those frequent accusations of crimes, by means of
which negroea ;are procured for the purpose of selling,
them to our traders. Of the. desolating influence of,
the Slave Trade, in Africa, and its effect in kesp-a?
ing that country in a state of barbarity, we have suffi-
cient evidence in the travels of Mr. -Parke on that
Continent; although ~that work was edited Iv a
persen known to be one of the most active oppo-
nents of the Abolition of, the Slave,Trade. Yet we
find in that Work,.that it is towards the interior of
the iountry that population and civilization in-
creases, and that on the Coast barbarity continues
to prevail, which can only be
.attributed to the ilia,
fluence of the Trade which your Lordships are now'
called npon- to abolish. My Lords, an argument was
used against this measure last Session, which I cap-
not conceive entitled to the -least weight. It was
said that we ought not to abolish this trade, unless
other Powers would agree likewise to abolish it ;
that" is to say, that we should not do an act of justice,
unless other Powers would consent ; or rather that
we should continue to commit injustice, and persist
in guilt, in criminality, because if we did not, other
Powers would. As well might it be said, that a
man could'be justified in robbing another, because
if he did not, he knew there was a banditti
ready to commit the robbery ; or ,that an assas-
sin would be justified in committing nurder,
be-
cause he knew that if he did not, others. Were
ready to perpetrate it. This argument, however,
my Lords, bad as it is, fails in its own grounds.
The United States of America, who had fixed
the period of -the Abolition to take place in
1808, have anticipated that_ period (I. wish we had
had the glory of being the first in the race), and
there is already, according to the last accounts, a Bill
in its unresisted progress through the Legislature„
for the immediate Abolition of this Trade, in which
it is declared, that death shall be the punishinent of
those who deal in the blood of their fellow creatures.
With respect to the European Powers, how are
France and Spain to carry. on the Trade.? SWedefi
never engaged in it. There remains only 'Portugal,.
and how is that Power to- carry on the Trade ?
it to our Islands where we prohibit it ; is it to the
'French Islands, -which we block up ; is it to the
Spanish Islands, where we prevent it ;
,and where
is Portugal to find capital to carry it on ? Another
objection advanced by a Noble and Learned Lord
(Eldon) is that this measure does not come up
_to t.lte,
Resolution passed last Session, and that instead of.
the Abolition of the 'African Slave Trade, we , are
only abolishing the British traffic in that tradei but
is it to be contended, my Lords, that becauSe _we
cannot embrace all the good that may be done,- that
therefore we are not to effect a partial- good ? 'lfthat.
were the case we could never effect any good what-
ever. MyrLords, In calling your attention to this
great measure, let me intreat you to consider that
the whole' country looks to the Parliament to wipe
away the stigma attached to its character in continu-
ing,this detestible traffic ; that it looks not merely
to Parliament, but to your Lordships' House.,--
Twice has this measure failed in this House, and it
this iniquitouS traffic-isnot new abolished, the guilt
will resit uLb your .Lordships. We have to lament the
loss in the other House of Parliament of some of the
ablest and most distinguished advocates for the Abo-
lition ; we have also to lament in this House the
loss of some of its able and strenuous supporters.—
Still, hoWever, if your Lordships should agree to
the Abolition of this inhuman trade in Wised, as I
trust you will feel it due to your own character and
to the character of the country to do, it will meet in
the other House of Parliament with the strenuous
support-of a person to whom the country is deeply
indebted for having originally proposed the ineaa_
sure, and for having followed up that proposition by
every. exertion from which a chance could be de-
rived of success. I cannot conceive any conscious-
ness more truly gratifying than must be enjoyed by,
that person on finding a measure to which he has'
devoted the labour of his life carried into effect--a
measure so truly benevolent, so admirably condu-
cive to the virtuous prosperity of his country, and the,
welfare Of mankind—a measure which will diffuse
happiness amongst millions now in existence, and
for which his memory will be blessed by millions
yet unborn: My Lords, I have to apologise for
having troubled your Lordships so long—but upon
a measure of such importance—a measure, for the
completion of which I have been labouring for the
last twenty years—the ardent' zeal which x felt for
the attainment of such an object, will, I trust, plead
my excuse. 'His Lordship concluded a most elo-
quent-and admirable speech of near three hours, by
moving that the Bill be now read a second time.
[During the course of Lord Grenville's Speech, a
slight interruption took place, in consequence of the
Earl of Morton's stating to the House that a person
, was taking notes below the Bar. Lord Eldon Spoke
of the duty 'of the Woolsack Upon Such occasions,
and Lord Holland,observed that the Woolsack was

not to be appealed to, but the-House itself. Lord
Eldon'explained, and the conversation dropped.] •
770. DUKE, OF CLARENCE answered the
various points in the Speech of the Noble Lord who
had just sat down, and assured their Lordships that
he bad had ocular proof of the manner in which the
Planters behaved to the Negroes ; he had been in

almost every Island in the West. Indies, he had con-
versed with the people themselves, and the result of
all his observations and all his inquiries was a tubif
clear and positive convietion ou'his mind, that there

was nct the least foundation in fad for the charge

which had been -brought against the Planters of
treatment to, their Slaves. The Noble Lord, among
other things; 'had said that we should look to tlie.
fate of St. Domingo ; every man who wished welrter

the commercial itiierests, of this Country must agree
with his Lordship,., and .also hope that their Lord-

ships would weigh deliberately in their minds the
fate of St. Domingo, before they came to a decision

upon this important spestion. It was not at present

competent to Englatid to prefer any claim to, so-
vereignty over that Island ; and whenever the time

citPcesbould arrive, the French most probably
would turn their attention towards the recovery
of an Island which' had been lost to them by

insurrection at]d. revolt. No other Nation on earth

can reasonably -interpose their Authority or their

at
influence between two pestles le ssirettinss at
ed, and it was far from-being improbable that t
Island will be one day in the hands of Fraocs
He most • seriously then called upOn their La,„,
ships to consider what might probably be the
7
consequence of such a re-assumption of povie;
by the natural Enemy of this Country?. if at tr.
saute time we were to have abelishedour only 11101
-of supplying our Islands with labourers. Woua
they not, with an Island Of so 'great extent at
their command, would they not continue to ifM,
port ?.and if they could not frustrate our views 0'
abolition by smuggling, would they not at least 03
the first appearance of misunderstanding betwee6
i
them and Great Britain, foment 'disturbances t!
our Islands, and endeavour to accomplish that roost
prevailing wish of their present Ruler, by the' de°
strudion-of British commerce? The HouseLhadsol
often beard-his sentiments upon this subje&,
.that!
would be needless for him to give a recapitulation 0‘
his formef arguments ; he.should at present content
himself with declaring, that it was his opinion, that
if their Lordships were to give their sanction to tb®
measure then before them,:they would thereby sear
the death warrant of British commerce; for, if the'
Slave Trade were to be abolished, there would ne'
Cessarily be a falling o-ff in the cultivation of our'
Islands, the commerce with them of course must de"
cline, and with it the wealth, prosperity, and iude-
penderice of the British Empire. •
The Duke of GLOUCESTER impressed upon O.
minds of their Lordships the importance of the sob"
jed, and from the universal acknoWledgment of its,
magnitude drew the conclusion, that their Lordships
must therefore see the propriety of consulting feel"
ings of honour, justice, and humanity, and preferrifil
them before any paltry consideration of the gain tWr
might result from our eating from feeling's of a selfish
nature. As au instance of the inhurnanity With
which the negroes were treated,• and of the light
value that was set upon' their lives when, theY
were not then adually useful to the owner,
Highness mentioned the ease of a pobr-black sO"
man that had been sold to a Captain of a Ship
the Captain did not discover,until after he had bough;
her that she had a young child, who then suckled
at her breast; upon this be remonstrated with the
man with whom he had made the bargain, upon the
unfairness of his dealing, as hembserved that a ss'o"
man with a sucking child could not do so mush
work, and consequently was not worth so mash
Money, as if she had not the child to suckle. Tif
unfeeling, barbarous Slave Merchant then sail
tf Oh, will soon settle that point,".tore the from its mother's arms, and throwing it into the sea'
received the money for -which he had bargained'
Their Lordships must here see that the strictness,
.the, agreement, however, was nothing to the crags
scene which then presented itself; and to the
serable conseepsences which followed—the mother, •
as. might be expeded, in course of natural
feeling, pined for the loss of her child, until
,the found. a convenient oppolaupity of puttiai
herself past all dread of future torture to her mind'
This was no more than what Must inevitably be 610
consequence, where the pesson was in an uncivilised
state -and had no sense of Christian duties; but 10/113t
an idea must they have of this religion 'wheP
professors of it disgrace its name and 'character bf
such brutal conduct as he had related ? The poet
unhappy mother never felt a moment's ease Iron
the anguish of mind which this barbarous action
casioned,, until she followed the fate of her cOP
and jumped also into the sea, thus preferring death
to slavery and cruel treatment.
Lord DoubLas, of Lechleyen, said a few weso,
hut in so low. a tone of voice, that it could barely b°
collected that he spoke against the Bill.*
The 'Earl
.of IVESTMORL4ND spoke at coo'
siderable length against the measure, which; be 00"
served, had been so often unsuccessfully brought
beibre Parliament. • In ancient Greece and Rome
there was not any. such humane provisions for tbl
protedion of the Slaves as 'there had been adopte?
in the West India Islands under the sanction of the
British Legislature. In the time of the senior CatOS
particularly, he recolleded, that it a master bar
pened to be killed by any person, the whole fang(
of Slaves must suffer death. Now in the Bririss.
West India Islands the life of the Slave was
teeted by the law as welt as that of any other
bit,ant. The House had been told that they should
prevent the continuance of oppression and cruelty;
but the question was not.as to how tsr we ought M
exert ourselves to put an end so pradices of dial Da'
ture, but how tiff any thing that was in owspower 044
capable of effeding that purpose. Portugal, for in'
stance, had no other means of working her mines than
by the employment of slaves; could we suppose th
she would give it up ? indeed nothing had been said
about her. Of France there had been somethinglikl
A whisper that she would relinquish the trade, 3""
it was then inferred that Spain would follow'
hers example. America -had promised, but bad
not given up the traffic, and who could answer
for ,Carolina that it would agree to the resells'
tions of the other 'States on that head ? If w°
abandoned this trade, it was certain that some other,:
would take it up, who might not a& with so touc
humanity as the British traders ; sink with it '''„,w
would abandon the employment of one milliorf car'
tal, about (3 or 700 Ships, and from 16 to 20,000,Va"
men. this, he maintained, would 'occasion the
of nearly one-third of the .amount of British impoill
and exports. He had a stronger objettiooyet to 'Dahl
against the adoption of this Measure, namely, that
such a system were aged upon, no property could be
reckoned safe which could fall within the power_
of the Legislature ; upon such a principle as this tb!
Tithes of . the Clergy, and ihe very freehold estate,:
Of the landholders might be sacrificed to the
preaching and 'popular declamation.---His
however, should never receive the smallest degree of
influenCe from such powers as those, apd thougO p`
should see the Presbyterian and the Prelate, the isle'
thodist and the Field 'Preacher, the Jacobin and the
Murderer, unite in support of it, in that House he
would raise his voice against it.
The Earl of SELKIRK, in a manly appeal to the
feelings and to the understanding of a British House
of Lords, asked, was it a'matter of slight considers'
_
tion that a number of men should be taken fr°_"l
some of the highest situations of life, dragg.;
from their dearest connexions, and be' doomed
slavery in a foreign land ? Enelishmen were pa
titularly capable of discerning, die worth of
ah
li-
berty, from their prospeQ of the consequences oftA
want of genuine liberty in the nations that sursotl"
