THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Papers, Dec. 8.

[NEW TIMES.]
We have received Jamaica Papers to the nth
of October. They contain no news of the
slightest interest, except a long report of the pro-
ceedings in consequence of a difference between
the Governor (the Earl of Huntingdon) and the
House of Assembly of the Island of Dominica.
The Governor, as long ago as iu-April last, fur-
nished the House at their request with a copy of
the docket of fees received by the Naval officer
on the arrival and clearing out of vessels. A
bill had previously been introduced for the pur-
pose of regulating these fees ; and while it was
yet pending, an official notification, specifying
the fees to he paid, was published lay the
Governor and Council. The House then came
to a resolution, that the assumption of this power
was a violation of their rights and of the Consti-
tution of the Island. The Governor answered,
that he was justified by the 42d Article of the
Royal Instructions, which commanded him " to
regulate all salaries nod fees belonging to places,
or paid upon emergencies," Soc. The House per-
sisted notwithstandiug in sending up the Bill for
the assent of the Governor ; and in that state
the matter rested on the `27th of August, which
is the latest date of the advices of the Jamaica
Pa pers.

•
[neuristi Peeps.]
ft is clear that. Ferdinand's tyranny is far from
popular in Spain, and that affairs at present wear
any thing but the face of tranquillity in :lint
country. The cities and provinces stilt remain
deeply agitated and disturbed. The Consti-
tutional troops continued widely armed ; any
submission they have made has been feigned,
and not only to the necessities of
the hour, bat ill according with their real feel-
ings. In some of the communes they yet main-
tained an open resistance ; the royal emblems
tvere overthrown, and their vengeance visited on
the uacoustlintioaal priests and friars. Dallas-
teros anti Morillo both have met the justly merit-
ed fate of traitor:4. They remain unacknow-
ledged and despised by both parties, and are
about to quit Spain, and hide their guilty lteacls
in I rants The royal treasury at Madrid still
remained without a piastre, and every attempt
to negociate a new loan has utterly failed. Fer-
dinand, it is now thought-, will he obliged, of
absolute necessity, to recognize the loans of the
Cortes ; but though he should do so, there will
be (110 W that the church lands are return'd) no
rmourcea whalever so meet their discharge.—
The impoveri.buti leVenliP of Si alp does not
amount at present to more than 400 millions
of reels, and the exphices of the Administra-
tion amount to mow than 1,000 millions, leav-
infs., at this moment, a deficit to be made up of
600 millioes of reels. In the face of such an
Exchequer as this will any individuals risk their
capital to sepple, isithont any security whatever
of repaymeel, the wants of a faithless and needy
tyrant ? The decrees ,so confidently promised,
tram the despot and the monk who rule Spain,
have tint yl I appeared. An ordin ince, granting
a partial amnesty, it is sill said, will appear on
the Queen's hirth.day ; but this has been long
promised. Near fifty thousand individuals, it
is calculated, have fled from Spain, to avoid
proscription and dungeons,' and new emigra-
tion was every day taking place. The roads
swarmed with robbers ; trade and business
were almost at a stand. The vast body of
the clergy, who had regained the church lands,
were rich- and triumphant ; beside was
impoverished and &Tailing. These were the
benefits the march of the Bourbon_ armies and
Ferdinand's restoration had brought to Spain.
it was to celebrate this millenium of his vic-
tories that Aneouletne's tinsel triumphs are now
celebrating in Paris; it is for this consummation
of happiness to the, Spanish people, which the
Almighty roust regard with complacency—that
the Duke went to Noire Dame on Wednes-
day, to return thanks " to the Most High, and
to the Holy Virgin for her protection." When
shall we have done with this egregious blas-
phemy? Can the Most High delight in murder,
or in the degradation, slavery, and misery of his
creatures? is not Spain now one wide scene of
tyranny and dispairing wretchedness? Has not
all she suffers [tree entailed on that country
by Angonleme's ,invasion ? and is the Almighty
to be outraged by impious appeals for his
sanction to atrocities such as this attack led
to ? We tire persuaded the present order of
things cannot anti will not endure either in Spain
or Portugal ; and that another convulsion, and
at no distantslay, will take place, and clear both
countries of tyranny and its minions. Madrid
must be very contented and tranquil, when an
order wits published to make mutes of its popula-
Winn, and prevent them talking politics top-
ther,on pain of It ri'vq. and corporeal punishment !
Angouleme ought to have these great results of
Kitt Ibernian victories proclaimed by heralds in
Paris, that the French people may know
what it is he celebrates. his triumphs for.
—Caligula, in his expedition against this
country then the Brilannoe lobo orbs di-
visos—gathered a number of cockle-shells on the
shore, and then entered Imperial Itotne in tris
nmph, producing his marine spoils, as the fruits
of his conquest. Are not Angottleme'S mighty
achievements something of the snow description?
He entered Paris on Tuesday—the anniversary
of the battle of Austerlitz by Napoleon. But
Angouleme crossed the stream of the Bidasson—
" What a falling off was there !"

[MORNING POST.]
The conduct of Judge Park on the occasion
Pf the arraignment of the persons accused of the
horrid molder of Mr. Weare is most justly the
theme of generni eulogium, It is not to be
doubted that 0 great deal of prejudice had ,been
excited against the prisoners, and was operating,
insensibly pethaps to himself, in every man's
bosom. To try men under such circumstances
is not to enforce (in objects of public justice, but
to adulterate and sully it with unworthy suspi.
