THE SUN, LONDON, AIONDAY, APRIL 16, 1838.

IRELAND.

(FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT.)
DUBLIN, APRIL 14..

KILKENNY CORPORATION.—The Kilkenny men are too
vigorous and zealous to rest satisfied with half measures, and
after haying partially reformed their Corporation, they are in
the field again to complete the good work. On Wednesday
next a meeting will be held, for the purpose of considering
the expediency of repealing the bye-laws of the Corporation,
which entrusts the power of electing the Officers and Magis-
trates of the Corporation to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-
mon-Councilmen, Masters and Wardens, and conferring the
same power upon the Mayor and citizens at large. If this in-
stitute be repealed the Kilkenny Corporation will possess all
the advantages which were sought for, and be purified from
all the blemishes objected to, by the friends of municipal re-
form in Ireland. There is nobody in this country so un-
tiringly active and zealous as the far-famed " Boys of Kil-
kenny."
MR. MARTIN, M.P.—Since the conviction of Mr. Martin
for a participation in the Oughterard riot, there have been se-
veral memorials sent to Government, praying for a commuta-
tion of the punishment, or rather a remission of the sentence
passed upon the Hon. Member, which would deprive his con-
stituents of his services for two months. A letter has been re-
ceived from Mr. Drummond, the Under-Secretary, acknow-
ledging the receipt of one memorial, and promising to forward
it to the Lord- Lieutenant, who is at present at Normanby
Lodge, in the county Kildare. It is confidently expected the
prayer of the memorial will be granted.
Christopher Fitzsimon, Esq., Mr. O'Connell's son-in-law,
has been appointel a Deputy-Lieutenant of the county of
Dublin. As the appointment appeared first in the Gazette of
last night; the Tory papers have not yet had an opportunity of
misrepresenting the cause of his selection for the honour, but
they will not fail to attribute it to his relationship to the great
Agitator, overlooking the fact of his being a man of extensive
property, and one who was several times elected to represent
the metropolitan county in Parliament.
AN IRISH MAGISTRATE.—CoIoneI Irwin, a Justice of the
Peace for the county Donegal, was last week convicted of
having ih his house a quantity of poteen (or whiskey of illicit
distillation). This upright Magistrate no doubt frequently
sentenced poor farmers for the offence of which he was him-
self guilty. Another Magistrate, and a stiper.dary one, Cap-
tain Vignoles, was on Wednesday tried at the Carlow
Quarter Sessions for assault, and only escaped by the illness
of one of the jury. It is stated in the papers that nine of the
jury were for convicting him of the offence, and only three for
an acquittal. This functionary is a high Tory, and has given
the Government considerable annoyance, both in the case of
Captain Gleeson, which has been so frequently before the
public, and subsequently. It is hoped that with such a moral
conviction as the majority in a jury must convey, he will feel
called upon to resign the office which was unfortunately con-
ferred upon him by a Liberal Government.
MR. O'CONNELL.—Mr. O'Connell arrived in town this
morning, and has announced his intention of spending the ten
days which he purposes to spend here in a vigorous course of
agitation upon the slavery question, arid other subjects of
general interest. His manner and spirits are as light and
elastic, and his appearance as stout and unblenched as we re-
member to have seen them these many years. Nearly all the
Irish Members have hurried over to spend at home the recess,
which they will probably lengthen out by stealing a few days
from business.

The collection for a monument to Curran, which I men-
tioned as in progress, is becoming, as it should, a subject of
national interest, and the names of many of the Conservative
leaders appear upon the list of contributors. Among them
is Professor Butt, the editor of the " University Magazine,"
in the last number of which an admirable life of Curran ap-
peared from the pen of the Rev. Samuel O'Sullivan, brother
to the famous Mortimer O'Sullivan, who figures in the
" Fudges in England," and elsewhere. The list also includes
the kindred name of Thomas Moore, only second in the affec-
tion of Irishmen to their great political leader, and the illus-
trious departed orator.
Dr. M' Hale has written another letter against the Educa-
tion Board, but he is becoming so tiresome in his tirades that
nobody thinks of reading them. This last epistle was the
most violent of the series. He will hold no terms with the Corn
mis,ioners or any who defend them, and he is quite indignant
that they have got a new ornamental entrance to their office.

The Tories ar: about to start a new weekly newspaper, to
be edited by Professor Butt, and contributed to by all the
clever men of the party in Dublin. It is to be a John Bull,
without John's scurrility, or rather a Tory Examiner, which
will aim to give polished and spirited political articles, and
light and varied literary ones. The name of the new corner
will be the Guardian. If it succeed to the extent anticipated
a morning paper will be shortly started by the same party.
Carleton, the author of " Traits and Stories of the Irish Pea-
santry," the Rev. Messrs. O'Sullivan, Ferguson, author of
" Hibernian Night's Entertainment," and Mangan, the author
of " Anthologia Germanicte," are named among the contribu-
tors, as is also Dr. Austen, though all the latter three are
Whigs, and could only contribute literary matter.
CARLOW QUARTER SESSIONS —THURSDAY.

Samuel Vignolles, S. M., and Thomas Watson, Esqrs., were
placed in the traversers' box, charged with having committed
an assault on one Patrick Peacy, on the 7th of August last,
during the election that was then holden there.
After evidence en either side had been received the Jury
retired, and remaired in deliberation for two hours; the fox e-
man then stated that there was no likelihood of an agreement,
and one of the jurors having alleged his ill health as a reason
why he should not be locked up all night, by consent th© Jury
'sere discharged—nine being for a conviction, three for an
acquittal.
The trial lasted from nine o'clock in the morning until eleven
at night—fourteen hours.
TITHES.
The Waterford Chronicle says :—" We have been in-
formed on unquestionable authority, that agitation, with re-
newed vigour, is about to commence against this unholy im-
post. The proceedings of the parsons are maddening the
people, who have determined once more to appeal to consti-
tutional redress for their sufferings. Ballyhate, we under-
stand, on Sunday week, is to be the scene of one of the largest
Tithe meetings ever held in Ireland."

THE CORONATION OF THE QUEEN

POLICE COMMITTEE, GUILDHALL--SATURDAY.
Alderman CorE.Laein, after the general business of the Com-
mittee was concluded, expressed much conceal at the seem-
ing determination of Government that the coronation of her
Majesty should not be solemnised upon the magnificent scale
for which there were such numerous authorities in former
rc igns. The years and infimities of her Majesty's immediate
predecessor were an adequate excuse for the curtailment of
p :rt of the ceremonial, but in the case of the Queen there was
everything that was calculated to lead to the expectation that
all the forms would be most strictly observed, and that an en-
tertainment of tho most splendid description would be pre-
pared in Westminster Hall upon an occasion of so much mt•
tional importance. He meant, not only that a perfect cere-
monial was due to her Majesty with reference to her crown
and dignity, but that it would be of national importance to
ievive the drooping condition of trade. The unfortunate
Spitalfields manufacturers would be benefitted beyond measure
by the stimulus which a complete solemnisation would give to
their labours, and the whole of the metropolis, and: of conse-
quence, the whole country, would feel the effect of it.
Alderman Sir M. WOOO said that the Morning Chronicle
gave an explanation of the reasons which the Government had
for dispensing with the most expensive part of the Coronation.
The Coronation of George IV., which people were not very
ikely to forget, cost a sum nearly amounting to 300,0001., and
it was considered that it would be advisable, under the present
circumstances of the country, which was only recovering fromthe prostrate condition to which a long series of years of mis-
government had reduced it, not to add unnecessarily by a pa-
geant to the burdens of the nation. He certainly thought that
the economical course was the proper one. It would be recol-
lected that the Coronation of George IV. drew
down innu-
merable animadversions, and that William IV., in dispensing
with the extravagant part of the ceremonial, was applauded to
the echo.
Alderman COPELAND said he did not wish that the expense
should be national. If five or six gentleman of the City would
join with him in the business, he would put an advertisement
in the Times, calling a meeting at the London Tavern, for
the purpose of subscribing a sum sufficient to defray the whole
of the expense of the complete coronation of her Majesty,
who, he believed, was very desirous that it should be upon the
most magnificent plan. He was willing to contribute 2001. or
300/., or, if necessary, 5001. himself.
Alderman Piaiasaid that he would have no objection to
contribute in a similar proportion, but he apprehended that her
Majesty's Ministers would consider such a proposition an im-
pertinent interference.
Sir MATTPIEW WOOD said it appeared from the Morning
Chronicle of that day that the Goldsmiths' Company, of which
Alderman Copeland was a member, was about to give a grand
entertainment to the Queen, and he thought that such au
honour was quite sufficient, without an effort to add to the
splendour of the coronation.
Alderman COPELAND said that the paragraph alluded to
was totally wrong. There .
was not the slightest foundation
for a single statement in ; and any body who understood
what humbug was must know that it was all a hoax, from the
absurd assertion that the carpet of the dining-room would cost
1,6001. He hoped that his suggestion as to the coronation
would be adopted by some gentlemen of public spirit.
Alderman PIRIE--I am convinced that we could with ease
raise 100,000/. in the course of one week in the City of
London.
Here the conversation dropped, but we believe it will be
formally revived elsewhere in a few days, on the argument of
the benefit of trade.

Her Royal Highness the Princess of C'apua's
accouchement is daily anticipated to take place.

We understand that Mr. Foster resigned the office
of stipendiary Magistrate on Monday last; and on Wednesday
that gentleman received a letter from Lord Holland, the
Chancellor of the Duchy, to the effect that he bad appointed
Daniel Maude, Esq., to the vacant office.—Manchester
Guardian.

POST-OFFICE REFORM.—We understand that the
Committee appointed in pursuance of the resolution passed at
the late special general meeting of the members of the
Chamber of Commerce are at present actively engaged in in-
vestigating, the probable effects of Mr. Rowland Hill's plan of
Post•ofce reform upon the correspondence of this town and
neighbourhood, and that some very valuable information upon
the subject has already been obtained. It is desirable that
those liartiel rho can furnish any f;:cts, tither for or against
Mr. Hill's plan, should do to without delay.—Manchester
Guardian.
