.NQZ YESTERDAY.

CoUßsst or Excis.
A.msterdant C.F. 12 2
litto, at sight 11 19
totterdam U 12
Antwerp 12 4
'{amburg M. B. 13 14
iltona I'3 141
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 65
Ditto 2 U. 25 90
Bordeaux 25 95
Berlin
Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 154
?etersburgh, ruble, 3 Us. 10 0
Vienna, effbctive fl. 2 M. 10 10
Prieste ...... do .........10 10
Madrid 36%
96%
'3ilboa 96%
iarcelona '3l3
Seville 36
Gibraltar 47

Leghorn 473q
Genoa 23 65
Venice 47
Malta 46
Naples 4O
Palermo per oz. 119
Lisbon
Oporto 4B
Rio Janeiro
Bahia 23',.
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight l)4
Cork 1
BULLION, PER OZ.
£. s. d.
Portugal Gold, coin... 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 3 13 9
New Dollars
Silver ban, standard 0 0 0

PRICKS OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, MARCH 17.
Bank Stock 9.04% St. Patrick in,ur.(perShare
Console, 3 ner cent. - 'Royal Irish Ditto
Gov. Stock, 3% per cent. 90% National Ditto
Ditto, New 90% Patriotic Ditto
i per Ccnt - Hibernian Bank
Gov. Deb. 3% percent.... - Provincial Ditto
Final Canal Stock .... ..... 41 Royal Irish Mine
Grand Canal 5t0ck......... SSN imperial Mine
City Deb. 4 per cent. i i Mining Co. of Ireland
,t,ilast "thee Deb. 4n. c. - Commercial Buildings

Vie - - eelltt

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENTNG, MARCH 21, 1882,

The paltry manucevre which we yesterday
stated that the Opposition had resolved to adopt,
for the purpose of throwing beyond Mr. PERCE-
vAL's Fast the third reading of the Bill, was
last night put into practice, with a more bare-
faced indecency and want of good faith than have
yet been witnessed in any of the debates upon
Reform. The ravings and howlings of an un.
happy man we can dismiss with the re-
gret, that the interests of religion should
be injured, and the feelings of a pious nation
outraged, by a blasphemous perversion of Scrip-
ture to political purposes. The public, how-
ever, will hardly think that the SPEAKER does
his duty, or that Lord ALTIIORP behaves with

decency and good faith towards them, when they
suffer such a man as Sir CHARLES WETHER.•
ELL to occupy the time of the House for hours in

his incoherent rambles upon topics that are not
before it. Sir CHARLES last night indulged
in his eccentric tirades against the making of
Peers, and, at a tangent, and with more than his
ordinary wildness, he plunged into the Ancona
Expedition, and afterwards fell unmercifully upon
many topics equally unconnected with the. sub-

ject of debate ; and in all of which he displayed a
most pitiable ignorance of dates and facts.
He spoke of CHARLES X. creating sixty peers
in the French Chamber, when, as we mentioned
a few days ago, the erection took place in 1819,
under Louis XVIII.; but to follow the legal
knight into his errors would be a task as inter-
minable as one of his own Chancery speeches.
In this manner is the business of Parliament de-

layed, although, until the Bill be passed by
the Commons, some of the most momentous
vestions affecting our Colonies, as well
as questions affecting the lives and pro-
perties of thousands at home and abroad
must be kept in abeyance. The manufacturing,
the commercial, professional, the general and
retail business of the country is at a stand, and
in every part of the kingdom firms are put to
straits, the poor are out of employ, and families
have ruin impending over them, because a few
wild or trading spokesmen of a faction will
impede a measure which they do not hope to
destroy, and upon the settlement of which
alone the business of the country can resume

its ordinary activity in its former channels.
When we reflect upon the nature of the House
of Commons, and of Parliamentary business, what
can we think of Mr. PERCEVAL'S ejaculating,
" I have shown God to this House"—" Ye have
appointed a fast, but I tell ye that the fast in
the eyes of God is a solemn mockery"—" a little
time and ye shall howl one and all in the streets.
She" (the Church—how will the Bench of
Bishops like this ?) " has played the harlot with
the stranger," &c. &c. We only wish that Mr.
PERCEvAL would yield up his place with a
salary of about 801. and an income of 2,000/.

per annum arising from a negro colony. With
respect to his speech, we do not know who was
most in fault, the SPEAKER, who allowed him
to proceed, or his friends, who did not take care
of him.

General PALMER last night made an able
speech, in order to show the great effect which
Reform would have in relieving the labour of
the country from taxation. He clearly traced
the gradual throwing of the weight of taxation
from property upon labour. " Thus," said the
General, "taxation commenced and increased
as labour was found able to bear it ; and thus
was the hand of industry turned against itself in
strengthening the power that oppressed it." The
General refuted very ably Sir ROBERT PEEL'S
motion, that the Funding System " had made
and preserved this the proudest nation in the
annals of the world," and he showed how the
abuses of the Funding System, under the Tory
Administration, had produced all the existing
misery. For want of space, we must request the
attention of the public to the General's own
statement. _

Brussels Papers of the 18th have been re-
ceived, but contain little news :---
BRUSSELS, Mmicit 17.—An estafette was yesterday de_
spatched to London by the Minister for Foreign Affairs. An
English Cabinet messenger arrived here yesterday morning from
Landon, with despatches for Sir R. Adair, and for Vienna.
His Majesty, by a decree of 15th February has authorised
the payment of the pensions of the members and widows of
members of the order of the Belgic Lion.
The 3d regiment of the line, which takes the place of the
4th at Brussels, arrived yesterday afternoon. It was inspected
by the King. It is 2,500; and is quartered on the inhabitants
for want of paillasses and sheets, which the Government should
furnish.

The National, a journal of Philadelphia of 9.(1 January, an-
nounces that the President has nominated Mr. H. J. Legare,
now Advocate-General of the State of South Carolina, to the
post of Charge d'Affaires at the Court of King Leopold.

We have received (Rays the Lynx) a letter from Ostend,

_ .
wlleh complalng very much of the qutrarittni
tione which check the direct intercourse with England.
The time of quarantine is from ten to thirty days, and
it is in contemplation to make it still longer, where as at
Calais it is only from twenty.four to tbrty-eight hours,
so that a person who proceeds from London to Ca-
lais by way of Dover, may be at Ostend four or five days after
his departure from London, which was, in fact, the case the
other day with a Belgian traveller who holds a high rank in the
army. It is asked, then, of what use are the rigorous measures
observed at Ostend, when they may be so easily evaded by
taking the route by Calais.
CHAMBER OF REPRESENTATIVES, 3fARCH
M. Pirson proposed to adjourn the vote on the Budget of
the Minister of War till the succession of M. de Brouckere
should be known. The service is provided for to April 1, by
the votes of credit already given, and in two or three days we
shall know what the Five Powers may have decided on the 15th
init., with respect to the treaty relative to the fortresses, the
ratification of which must depend on the ratifications of that of
November 13.

M. H. de Brouckere thought that if the vote on the Budget
were deferred to the 20th, as M. Pirson proposed the senate
would not have time to examine it before the Ist of April. It

was resolved that M. Pirson's motion should be discussed to_
morrow (the 17th), at the commencement of the sitting, and
that the vote on the Budget should follow. Numerous peti-
tions were presented and reported ; among them was that of
M. Dixon, an Englishman, established as civil engineer at
Ghent, :complaining of an act of injustice towards him by the
General Commander-in-Chief, of East and West Flanders. The
Chambers passed to the order of the day, on being informed by
the Minister for Foreign Affairs, that M. Dixon had placed
himself under the protection of his Ambassador, between
whom and the Government a correspondence on the subject
was going on.

The Central Board of Health did not sit at
the Council-office this day, consequently no
cholera returns could be obtained.

All the troops were confined within barracks
to-day, fully accoutred, and attended divine
service. The Royal Horse Guards (Blue) were
stationed at Knightsbridge barracks, ready for
immediate service.

DIED.—At Liverpool, on Saturday last, 17th
instant, James Townend Moore, Esq , M. h., aged 30, son of the
late John Moore, Esq., of Grimston Lodge, in the county of
York, and only surviving son of Mrs. Edmund Lalley, of
Grimston-house, in the same county.
The bills of a banking-house in Sheffield,
which drew upon Ducket, Morland, and Co., Pall Mall, have
been taken up by a banking-house in Lombard-street, which,
it is understood, will make the failure of little importance as to
the exte it, in a mercantile point of view.
NEWSPAPER COMPETITORS.—" The march
of intellect" appears to be attended with some inconveniences
to those who are engaged in distributing "the broad sheets"
which contain the records of its progress. Something of this
appeared on Friday, at the Public-office, upon the complaint
of Mr. Arnold, news-agent, Postsoffice-place, against Mr.
Geo. Craven, who stated himself to be an assistant to Messrs.
Willmer and Smith, News-agents, Church-street. Mr. Arnold
stated the competitidn'Which existed between them, and ani-
madverted on the mode adopted, as he said, to injure his busi-
ness. On the particular occasion now complained of, Mr. Ar-
nold had declined to supply sonic person with a copy of the
Morning Herald, under the impression that it was intended for
his competitor's newsroom. Soon after, another person ap-
plied for a copy, in the name cf Mr. Ellison, the druggist, in
Church-street; and Mr. Arnold, being desirous of obliging
him, went over with a Paper to Mr. Ellison's shop, where he
found the defendant, and concluded it to be a ruse de guerre,
practised by him, to obtain the much-desired and important
herald of intelligence. Some words passed, and the defendant,
finding himself foiled, lost his temper, and, placing himself in
a pugilistic attitude, as 'exhibited by Mr. Arnold, endeavours,"
to provoke him to an encounter at fisty cuffs, which he de-
clined, and prevented the defendant from destroying the corn-
petition by a coup de main. The defendant admitted the charge,
and was ordered to find bail.--Liverpool
.4Thlon.
Yesterday afternoon, while Charles X. was re- '
turning from chapel, the horses in his carriage, while taking
the turn from the Regent-road down to the Abbey-hill, set off
at full gallop, and the sudden start of the animals threw the
driver from his seat. There were several of Charles's suite in
the carriage with him ; but although the horses continued their
furious career along the Abbey-hill, the whole of them kept
their seats ; and another party, which was a little way in ad-
vance, observing the state of matters, very adroitly drew up
their carriage in the narrow-way of the water-gate, when the
frightened steeds were brought to a dead stand, and the Ex.
King with his party got out in safety.—Caledonian Mercury.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.—This festival was
celebrated nearly as usual, on Saturday, in this metropolis,,
There assuredly was an improvement in the appearance of the
humbler classes. According to custom, an immense concourse
of " the people" followed the band and relief guards from the
barracks to: the Upper Castle-yard at eleven o'clock, cheering
and rejoicing as their favourite airs were performed by the ad.
mirable band of the 43d regiment. His Excellency appeared
at a window of the Castle, with the Ladies Paget. He subse-
quently entered the balcony, when he was cheered with a great
degree of vehemence even by the Repeaters themselves. His
Excellency bowed courteously to all around. " A speech, a
speech," was vociferated. The Lord Lieutenant then, pug
on his cloak, cheered, at the same time signifying by gestures
that he apprehended cold if he remained bare-h-ssitt 10,
wore his hat, and said (some of the crowd haring come to
fisty-cuffs with one another), " Come, boys, let me have no ill-
humour.", (Cries of" No, no, my Lord, we wou't," and cheers.)
Here his Lordship flourished a real shellelah. " You want a
speech, but you may want it ; it is not in my line. I shall give
you a sentiment which will delight you all—God bless King
William."—(The shouting here continued for nearly two mi-
nutes.) " Happiness and prosperity to old Ireland."—(Re_
peated cheering.) " I hope to meet you all here in good health
and good humour this day twelvemonth." His Excellency
then retired. He was dressed in plain clothes, and wore the
splendid collar of the order of St. Patrick, which had been
sent him by his Majesty ; the Earl of Errol was the bearer of
it on his last visit to this country.—Dublin Times.
The letters from Jamaica yesterday morning
are to the 4th ult. ; they are unfavourable. A considerable
number of negroes were still in the mountain districts, and had
possession of the great Maroon fastnesses. It had been disco-
vered that the insurrection extended over all the island ; and on
the southern and east side, where there has been no movement,
the negroes arc still implicated. Mr. Watts, the English Con-
sul, had arrived at Kingston. We have also recieved letters-
from the parish of St. Elizabeth, dated the Ist of February,
The latter give a favourable report, and state that several
planters had got leave of absence and returned to their estates,
and that the negrocs were generally at work.
" 111 customs travel," the adage says; and
we may add, they often become worse by the journey. An
imitation of the Conservative Club at the West End of the
town, is arranging at the East End—in the city, and that in a
more dark and insidious manner. A profession is made that it
is desirable to have a Club in the city to which young merchants
and others may retire at moments of leisure, and at which they
may dine at less expense and with less necessity for excess,
than at the coffee-houses. This sounds very plausible, A
lawyer and a banker beat up for recruits. Neither is there any
objection to this; but it is concealed that, in reality, none are
to be admitted who are not of the Anti-Reform tribe; so that
the most meritorious man may he rejected for a cause of which
he could not be aware but for the discovery made. The process
adopted was an apt and proper one for its object. Men hastened
to the formation of a club as a friendly society; when, before
they could look round them, the Chairman, already master of
the plan, named about twenty gentlemen for a Committee. This
being done, the Committee selected two hundred and fifty more,
as the nucleus of the establishment; and by these the com-
plexion will be given to the club at the future elections. They
seek for members of their own principles. The city will now
he aware of them

The following pensions and allowances have
been recently granted on the naval establishment :-1001. per
annum to Mrs. Bingham, wife of Captain Bingham, drowned
on duty in the 'Adis ; 911. per annum to Commander Paul
Bagwell, for wounds ; 50/. per annum to the widow of Lieut.
E. Dillon, R.N. ; 301. per annum to the widow of Mr. Browne,

boatswain, of the Prixca Regent, mortally hurt while on duty ;
:M. per annum each to the widows of Commissioners Hartwell
and Bentham.

The British 3fercury contains an acute and
able analysis of the Corporation accounts, which the public
voice has at length wrung from the Magistracy. It appears
that the Corporation have submitted these accounts to a
self-elected body of eighteen merchants and traders. the wri-

ter complains that the accounts adopt a system of averages in.
stead of bringing forward the actual receipts and expenditure

per annum, and that these averages are arbitrarily taken upon
five, seven, or fourteen years, so as to render the accounts

unintelligible and totally unsatisfactory to the citizens.
The Bristol Mercury points out numerous discrepancies
in the accounts, and observes " it does seem strange that any
body of men should have held office at a personal loss of 20,000/.
in seven years, and have endured in silence the infamy of being
supposed to derive a pecuniary benefit from the funds intrusted
to their care." We may add that the character of the accounts
i; merely of local interest, but the feature of concealed books,
and ,elf.elected examiners is ofimportance to the public at large.
"here was a litdefracas or awkward occur-
rence in the House of Commons on Monday night, which,
however, was but evanescent. Sir Robert Inglis observed,
" that if the Reform Bill did not sweep away the ancient re-
presentation, he was at a loss to know what was the weight of
the English language." A Member behind him observed that
❑o man ought to know its weight batter, for his speeches were
the heaviest in that House. A general buzz of laughter suc-
ceeded the witticism, but some excuse was made for the mirth,
and Sir Robert was perfectly satisfied.

We regret to state that about five hundred
men have been thrown out of work at Llanelly, by the stop-
page of the Braes and Talsarnan Collieries at that place. This
unfortunate event, added to the recent stoppage of the Copper
Works of Messrs. Glascott and Co. at that place, must produce
much distress among the labouring poor employed in that dis-
t rict,—Camlician.

MEETING AT FINSBURY-SQUARE.

(THIS DAY).

r In consequence of the announcement put forth h- the Pull
tical Union of the Working Classes, of their intention to meet
in Finsbury-square this morning, the streets leading into it
were thronged by ten o'clock with people proceeding to that
place. This continued till eleven o'clock, when the square
was very full of men, apparently mechanics, with a very con-
siderable sprinkling of women amongst them. There might be
about from ten to twelve thousand present, all very peaceable,
except a few young men, who began to throw mud about, which
caused a little sensation, but the better disposed persons pre-
sent put a stop to it. At twelve o'clock there was no appear.
ante of any of the Union men, and the people began to get tired,
and a great many went away up the City road, determined to
enjoy a little fresh air. Mr. Bennet, the Magistrate of Wor-
ship-street office, accompanied by two of the officers of that
office, and an Inspector of the New Police, went round
the square about half-past twelve o'clock, by which time
there were comparatively few people present ; some mud
was thrown at him, and he was struck once or twice, but not so
as to hurt him.

A large body of the new police was stationed at the corner
of the square, near the market, and others in the neighbour.
hood, out of sight. Mr. Mayne arrived about one o'clock,
with a large body of the K division, when those divisions that
had come from a distance, were sent home. All then was
perfectly quiet, and the police had only taken one
prisoner, for throwing some mud at them, while drawn
up in the ranks. There was no appearance of the promised
loads of bread on the ground, nor did one of the Union men
make his appearance up to two o'clock, at which time there
was no appearance of the least disposition to riot. One party
of workmen paraded through the city, arm in arm, with the
intention of proceeding to Palace-yard, but they were met at
Temple bar by a strong body of the I, division, under Colonel
Rowan, the Chief Commissioner, who turned them. The
greater part of this division of police were armed with cutlasses
in addition to their staves.

THREE O'CLOCK.
At about half.past one o'clock there were not less than from
20,000 to 25,000 persons in Finsbury square, nearly all of
whom were poor labouring men, and great numbers evi-
dently in great distress. The police mustered in considerable
numbers, and were formed into divisions. We should
suppose that not less than from 1,000 to 1,500 were in the square,
independent of the several sections which were formed across the
entrances to the square to act as barriers in preventing the mob,
which had congregated there, from entering. About that time
it was determined by Mr. Commissioner Mayne, and Mr. Wal-
ker, a Magistrate, to clear the square. Hitherto the mob had
resorted to various acts of violence by hooting and pelting the po_
lice with stones and other missiles, many of whom were seriously
wounded, but they behaved with the greatest moderation.
Ho wever,several collisions took place between them and the mob,
in which hard blows were dealt out pretty profusely
on each side, and some of the mob were wounded;
one man had his cheek laid open, and another his eye
cut out. We should certainly say that those wounds were the
result of the necessity for the police to defend themselves.

In order to clear the square of the immense assemblage,
the following plan was arranged :—The police were divided

into six sections or battalions, half of which (formed into
front, centre, and rear ranks) were to proceed round one half of
the square, and the other in like manner round the other half.
The word of command being given, they men marched in the per-
formance of that very arduous and dangerous duty : the groans
and hootings of the populace were deafening: vast numbers
of stones were thrown, many of which severely
injured the police; we saw about twenty whose
heads were sadly cut, but the poor fellows bandaged them
up and proceeded in the execution of their duty. Two or
three however were so severely injured that they were sent off
the ground by the orders of the police-surgeon who attended in
the square.

It took upward' of half an hour to effect a complete
dispersion of the populace from the square, and even then the
people posted themselves in large bodies in the adjacent streets
booting and pelting the police.

When our reporter left, strong divisions of the pollee were
posted at the ends of Moorfields, Chiswell-street, City-road,
and Sun-street, leading into Finsbury-square; but large num-
bers of the mob were still in each of those streets. Great ap-
prehensions are, however, entertained for the safety of the
public peace this evening.
Besides Mr. Commissioner Mayne and Mr. Walker, we ob-
served Mr. Sherif!' Pirie and Mr. Under-Sheriff Wood in the
square.

We understand but a very few persons have been taken into
custody. It was said that a strong body of infantry was secreted
in the Suttling_house of the artillery ground to be ready in case
of the inadequacy of the new police to quiet the dis-
turbances, but we could not ascertain whether it was
true. The troops at the Horse. Guards and the Tower
received orders last night to hold themselves in readiness to
march at a minutes' warning, if necessary.
A strong police force was stationed during the whole of
the morning, on the West side of Temple-bar, in order
to prevent any mob, or the projected procession, from coming
westward by that way. They were nearly all armed with
cutlasses and batons; we believe this was the first occasion
of their wearing the former weapons, and it certainly gave
the men a most formidable appearance. Mr. Thomas com-
manded them, and his orders were that the arms were not to
be used but upon the greatest possible emergency.
About the middle of the day a body of nearly a thousand
of the Trades Union from the neighbourhood of Spitalfields
and Bethnal-green went in procession towards Finsbury-
square ; upon their arrival in INindmill-street, however,
they gut an intimation of the strong police Three stationed
there to prevent their project being carried int 3 effect ; a per-
son supposed to be one of their leaders then mounted a cart,
and addressing them, informed them of the impolicy of pro-
towards the square, and recommended their return to
Bishopsgate-street, that proposition being agreed to, they
marched back. Subsequently it appeared they marched through
various parts of the city until they came to Temple-bar,
where they fell in with Mr. Thomas and his strong force of
armed police; some stones were thrown, and great hooting took
place, but after a short parley the mob proceeded as we un.
derstood up Chancery-lane, giving out that they would go
northward.

Nothing can exceed the excellent temper displayed by the
new police while proceeding in the execution of one of the
most difficult duties they have had to perform since the esta-
blishment of that force.

It is now said by the friends of his Royal
Highness the Duke of Cumberland, that he is thoroughly die.
gusted with politics, and that he does not intend to take any
part in them in future. This disgust, it is added, has not
arisen from any thing which has either been said or done to-
wards him by the Whigs, but in consequence of the divisions
which exist among the party which he has headed for some
time past, and the selfishness which it has betrayed in its mode
of opposing the Reform Bill. If such be the fact, and we have
little doubt that our correspondent is correctly informed, there
is every reason to congratulate his Royal Highness upon the
excellent resolution which he has adopted. He could gain no-
thing by siding with an unpopular party; but he may assuredly
gain much by withholding any opposition which lie might have
it in his power to offer to the Reform Bill. Many things may be
forgotten and forgiven, which would neither have been forgotten
nor forgiven, had he persisted to the end in heading a party
whose object is foreign war—domestic slavery—and, failing
these, domestic revolution.—Morning Advertiser.

The failure of the house of Ducket, 'Worland,
and Co. will, it is expected, affect, though only temporarily
we are given to understand, several Literary Societies which
banked with them. Their liabilities are stated to amount to
200,000/. ; their assets, with the private fortunes of the part.
ners, it is said, exceed :300,000/. ; so that no ultimate loss to
the customers of the house is apprehended. The Literary
Union had, we hear, 3,4)0/. deposited in the house.

Our readers will see from our extracts from
the Gazette of last night, that Earl Mulgrave is appointed Go-
vernor of Jamaica,

SLAVE TRADE.—Captain, afterwards Sir
John, Hawkins was the first Englishman who engaged in this
nefarious traffic. Having, in 1.562, fitted out three ships, he
sailed to the coast of Africa, fell on the defenceless negroes
sword in hand, and, having seized three hundred, sailed
with them to Hispaniola, where he sold them- He was after-
wards appointed to one of the Queen's ships to proceed on the
same adventure ; but Elizabeth appears to have been deceived
in the matter, and to have been made to believe, that it was as
labourers, taken away voluntarily, and they were transported
to the Spanish colonies, and not as slaees. She is said, indeed,
to have expressed her concern lest any of the Africans should
be carried oil' without their free consent ; in which case she de-
clared, that " it would be detestable, and call down the venge-
ance of Heaven upon the undertakers." It appears, also, from
Labia, a Roman missionary, that, in order to induce Louis
XI 11. to sanction slavery in his colonies, he was persuaded, that
it was for the good of the negroes' souls, this being the only
way of converting them to Christianiiy l Deceived by this
hypocritical pretext, the gave his consent.—Liverpool Albion.

HORRIBLE CASE OF MURDER, AND SUP-
POSED itiSANITV.—About a fortnight since the wife of a labourer
named Padley, residing at New Bolingbroke, was delivered of a
child, and a day or two afterwards, in the absence of her hus-
band who was employed in the fields, she took the little inno-
cent, and threw it so thefirc! where it was in a short time
totally consumed. Upon the return of her husband she told
him that some strange beggar-woman had been in the house
during his absence, and stole the child. She afterwards, how.
ever, varied in her account, and on Friday last confessed the
dreadful truth. It is strongly suspected that she is deranged,
and females have kept watch by her ever since to prevent her
laying violent hands upon herself. Her weakness prevents
her, for the present, being taken into custody.—Boston Paper.
The Adventures of a Younger Son" is the
cleverest book of the season, in its line, not excepting " Eu-
gene Aram." Its freshness and vigour are perfectly surpris.
ing ; and the various and curious experience it unfolds respect.
ing the East, in matter has been equalled in no book of tra.
eels, and excelled in no book of poetry. We almost forgive
the author even his long list of murders for the sake of his
wild romantic descriptions of island solitudes, untrod by any
feet but those of the wandering savage, or the scarcely less sa-
vage or less wandering buccaneer—for hisadmirableportraitures
of dark nations, only rarely seen by the sailor, and very mea.
grely painted by the geographer—for his excellent sketches of
charager, and his curious views of human nature, which he
has evidently seen under phases that rarely present themselves
to the ordinary wayfarer."--Spectator.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.

We have nu foreign arrivals, with the exception of a Go'-
tenburg mail, which does not bring any news of itnportanci.
The American packet ship PacWic is off Holyhead, which saile.
.on the Ist of March. Letters and papers are not yet receives
This day being a close holiday, it has the appearance of
Sunday in the city ; but this is not the case in Finsbury-
square, where not less than 20,000 perso•is of every descriptio:
are at the present hour assembled, and crowds are proceeditn.
from all quarters to the same spot, in consequence of a notifi-
cation that bread and meat were to be distributed ; at present
all is quiet. We hear that .',OO or 000 of the police are stationer:
in some of the streets leading to the square.
Accounts from Carthagena, via America, to the end of Ja-
nuary, state that New Grenada was quiet. The Congress at
Bogota was proceeding in the work of reformation in all the
departments, and reduction in the expenses. New Grenada
will experience prosperity, as the free traffic in tobacco is ex.
pected will be granted, and the Saints' days abolished.
We have arrivals from India, but of old dates.
