ANECDOTES OF JOHNSON -AND LORD
MONBODDO.

You would have enjoyed seeing him take me by the hand
in the middle of dinner, and repeat, with no small degree
of enthusiasm, many passages from the " Fair Penitent,"
&c. r urged him to take a little wine ; he replied, " I
can't drink a little, child, therefore I never touch it ; absti-
nence is as easy to me as temperance would be difficult:
He was very good-humoured and gay. One of the com-
pany happened to say a word about poetry. " Hush,
hush," says he, " it is dangerous to say a word of poetry
before her ; it is talking of the art:of war before Hannibal.'
He continued his jokes, and lamented that I had not mar-
ried Chatterton, that posterity might have seen a propaga-
tion of poets. The metaphysical and philological Lord
Monboddo breakfasted: with us yesterday : lie is such an
extravagant adorer of the ancients, that he scarcely allow.:
the English language to be capable of any excellence, still
less the French ; he has a hearty contempt for that people
and their language ; he said we moderns are entirely dege-
nerated. I asked, in what ? "In every thing," was his
answer. Men are not so tall as they were, women arc not
so handsome as they were ; nobody can now write a long
period ; every thing dwindles. I ventured to say, that.
though long periods were fine in oratory and declamation,
yet that such was not the language of passion. He
sisted that it was. I defended my opinion by many pas-
sages from Shakspeare ; among others, those broken bursts
of passion in Constance, " Gone to be married 1" " Gone
to swear a truce !" " False blood with false blood joined!'
Again, "My name is Constance. lam Geoffrey's wife ;
young Arthur is my son, and he is slain !" We then re-
sumed our old quarrel about the slave-trade ; he loves
slavery upon principle. I asked him how he could vindi-
cate such an enormity ? He owned it was because Plu-
tarch justified it. Among much just thinking and some
taste, especially in his valuable third volume on the " Origin
and Progress of Language," he entertained some opinions
so absurd that they would be hardly credible if lie did net
deliver them himself, both in writing and conversation, with -
a gravty which shows that he is in earnest, but which makes
the hearer feel that to be grave exceeds all power of face.
He „
.so wedded to system that, as Lord Barrington said
to me the ,Zher day, rather than sacrifice his favourite opi-
nion that men a; re born with tails, he would be contented
to wear one himself.-,..:Afemoirs of Hannah More."
