THAMES AND MEDWAY CANAL.

NOTICE is hereby given, pursuant to a Requisi-
tion from several Proprietors of the Thaines and
Medway
Canal, That a SPECIAL ASSEMBLY of the
COMPANY of PROPRIETORS of the said CANAI„
*Will be hoiden at the George and Vulture Tavern, Cornhi4l,
on,Tuesday, the 23th day of Odobec instant, at Eleven
o'Clock in the Forenoon (the Chair to be taken at Twelve),
for the purpOse of considering and determining upon the pro-
priety and mode of immediately raising a further Subscription
CI ioteo .1. taenable the said Company to complete the said
Canal ; and also for the purpose of supplying Vacancies in
the Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the
said C 0 pany ; and likewise for the purpose of declafing
Forfeitures of such,Share or Shares in the said CAual.as the
'Aid Assembb, shall deem,right to be forfeited.
Maidstone, Oetober 3.

SCUDAMORE, Clerk.

4
'TO THE FACULTY.
A PARTNERSHIP is wanted with a SUR-
GEDN, APOTHECARY, and MANMIDWIFE,
',llO wishes to be relieved from the more haras'sing and fa-
zing part- of his Praelice. A Premium will be given in
':°,l to advantages.
To prevent trouble, the Principal must have been
ante and require a Partner rather for the issist..
44 the in'able Ybe to afford,than from pecni.ry motives,
11,,0, P
,vLrretnrn iu is to be pal ii
I by Instalments ; for which,
Addy Ooti and undeniable Security will be given.
ess A. B. Mr. Chard's, Druggist, Holborn.

-----_._

GRAND MAPS OF SPAIN AND PORTUGAL.
MR. STOCKDALE informs the Public, that he
,has this day published a "NEW MA P 9r SPAIN and
PORTUGAL, by Don THOMAS LOP Li (improved
from the Nine Sheet Map of Spain, by Mr. P. G. Chauliare,
Member of the National institute of Sciences at Paris), on
one large Sheet, outlined or full coloured, price 7s.
Next week will be published, Cilaniilre's Nine Sheet Map
of Spain, price 21. 2.5.,", also Lopez's Four Sheet. Map of
Spain, price to greatly improved from the above;
Piccadilly, WA. to, iBoB.

SPAIN, PORTUGAL.'
lust publishefl, by H. Colburn, , Conduit-street,
Pic,TURE of VALENCIA; taken on the
Au g Sl'ot• Translated from the German of Christian
ustus Viocher, Bvo. gs.
GoVetntriPenit,:rcliia LISBON: with Sketches on the
general, tivo harmer,
•nd Manners of the Portuguese in

History of n In the Press,
—rata; containing an ample Account of that
important ColonY, with Observations on the most prevalent
Diseases incident to new Settlers, and on the mo4t efficacious
anodes of Prevention. By Andrew Grant, M.D. tyol. Bvo.

NOUVEAUX ROMANS DE MESDMS. DE MONTO-
CEN LIS, COTTIN, er4
Chez COlburn, Libraire, so, Conduit.street,
1. LALi PRINCESSE DE WOLFENBUTTEL,
line De
L
arMadame DE MONTO LI EU, Auteur de Caro-
chfiel IoS.
2. Honorine D'Userche, par L'Auteur des " Lettres ecrites
de Lausanne,", vols. iss.
3• Les Souvel,irs de Felicie L * Cenlis, 2. vols. ios.

Par Madame De

Also by the sme or,
4. Belisaire`, Nouvelle Historiaque,A 2uth vols. 85.
5. Le Comte De Corke, 2 VOIS, tos.
6. Le Siege de la Rochelle, 3 vols. its.
7. Sainclair, 3s. ; Le Due de Lauzuri, 2 vpls. Bs. ; and
Claire D'Albe, jrra Maclaine Cottin, 2 tom. 9s.
In the Press
ATALA, ou les Amours de De.ux'SauVages (Lamle Desert.
Par Vrancuis Auguste Chateaubriand.

TO TFIE LADIES.
10t AGAZET's ORIENTAL DEPILATORY, for
P;i ft FLI.II"7I,JS II!: I S riot() ACII,
N ECK , ARMS, &c. and for improving the COMPLEX-
ION, will be sold in future (by particular appointment of
the'Proprietor) by , Messrs. Shaw and Edwards, St. Paul's
Church-yard ; Mr.-Butler, 5, Cheapside ; Mess. Dicey and
Sutton, Bow Church-yard ; Mr.• Berry, wholesale perfumer,
Greek-street, Soho ; Mess. • Hendrie and Son, 'Tichborne-
street ; and Mr. Bacon, Oxford-street ; where Ladies and
others may depend upod being supplied with th above ge-
nuine as imported from Turkey, price 3s. 6d:the bottle.
Of this• Depilatory little more need. be said than will serve
to identify it, and prevent Ladies being imposed upon by
spurious compositions, which either possess no efficacy
whatever, or are highly injurious to the Skin. - Since its first
introduction to this Country by Lady M•:--
1-ue, it has sustained a charader in England, and on
the Continent, as the only 'Depilatory ever ofnred to the
Public which unites a mildness, S 9 as not' to irritate even
the delicate skin of an Infant, with 'infallible and perma-
neirt efficacy. In Turkey and Egypt the Ladies, . who are
delicate in the extreme, not to suffer a single hair to remain
jiiiltYch they conceive irregular or intrusive, make use of it
at the Baths, being highly valued by them from the exclusive
property it possesses or giving a degree of softness and trans.
parency to the complexion.
N. B. Observe that each bottle is signed T.-BAGAZ ET,
in the Proprietor's hand- writing, to imitate whicivis a felony.
Sold in the Country by Mr. Baxter, tdinburgki ;lir. Wal-
ker, Newcastle-upon- Fyne ; Mrs. Dancer, York-- Mrs.
Mar;iott, Bath ; Mrs. Shrercliffe, liristol ; Miss G:regson,
Liverpool ; Mr. Drewry, Derby ; Mr. Cowdell, Leicester ;
Mr. Collins, Salisbury • Mr. Nwcomb, Stamford ; Mr.
M' Donald, Glasgow; atiir. Wooltner, Exeter; 'and Mr.
.-.131-akeney, Windsor.

RENOVATED HEALTH,
IT has been too frequently the rubjed of just and
general reprobation, that men destitute of the elements of
tilt medical art have Offered themselves as candidates for
public parronagein the profession of physic. For the purpose
of doing justice to the result or our studies and experience, and
.to preVent us from being classed among those empirics whose
imprudent- pretensions,have, unfortunately for society, been
too.favourably received, we beg leave to submit to the liberal
and enlightened a faithful statement of our pursuits and ac.
quirements. After having received a regular medical educa-
tion as the pupils of Messrs. Grinded and Blizard, whose
lectures and practice we carefully attended, as professors and
surgeons of. the London Hospital ' • we entered-ourselves as
students in that justly c Aebrated school for medical acquire-
ment, the Royal College of Edinburgh, and were instructed
in the different brandies of anatomy, surgery, the theory and
practice of physic, chemistry, midwifety, botany, &c. &c.
by those eminent professors, ills. konro, Gregory„Black,
Hamilton, Duncan and Rutherford. • We trust we shall not
be deemed piesuinptuous in saying that our proficiency and
acquirements ale not inconsiderable. Having for a long series
of years made Venereal Complaints, and the various diseases
of Debility, the particular objeaot our studies and practice,
it will, we hope, be allowed that we have acquired superior
• know ledge of their treatinent,and cure. In slight and recent
cases of inteetion a perfett re-establishment is completed in
the short period of tiVii days ; and in those of the utmost in-
veteracy, where other practitioners have failed of success, a
proper perseverance in our 'plad of treatment ensures to the
patient a sate and radical-cure.
Amidst the melancholy variety of disorders which arc the
effecls'of a habit long and most unhappily pursued by- the
youth of both sexes, there are none more alarming or more
distressing than those deficiencies, and debilities which Ire-
'quently prevent or embitter the matrimonial state. To such
• persons it must be a consolation to know that they may now,
by a new and infallible mode of treatrfient, be restored to that
greatest of all humadblessings, a strong, manly, and vigor-
ous constitution. •In all cases of debility, froni whatever
Cause arising, as well as in every species of-venereal infeelion,
we may be consulted by patients' of either sex with the great_
est secrecy and honour. Hours of consultation at home from
ten to tkee, and horn G in the evening till to at night.
Patients in the country are requested to state the particu-
latt lett their case, age,
,and general habit of living, ecc... &c. in,
remittance for advice and medicines, when the same
will be given, or sent to any parCof the kingdom. To ensure
that secrecy so essential to our• undertaking, the postage of
letters maybe added to the account for medicines.
CURRIE and Co. burgeons, No. 1.7, Hatton-garden.
• rr Messrs. Currie and CO. have Ce;titicates from' the
above- reipedable VrOfessors of London and Edirib4rgli,: u.t
the diligence, skill, and :hum:mity, with which they per,
formed the duties assigned them _during the time they 'at.
tended their Ledures and I' radicyc.

Spain„ a short time since- obscure, despised,
and degraded, because no one knew her strength,
and because her exertions at a former period were
forgotten, ha's been roused on a sudden at -the-asped
of tyranny, .wd is rapidly becoming, more glorious...
ly than ever, the first among the nations. While
all the others are groaning under the yoke of the
most iniquitous and most ignominious slavery, she
flies to grins, not merely to deliver herself from the
bondage which threatens her, but what is more, to
'olfak the iron sceptre which holds all Europe in
thraldom. The ferocious Usurper of the Throne'
-of Louis was far from believing that a nation
link!' was held ito be pusillanimous, because it knew .
low to suffev—ignorant, because it modestly conceal-
id its knowledge—and superstitious,' because it ma-
4ilested devotion,, should be destined to deted his
shatter his hosts, trample under foot his eagles,
and hold captive.his bravest generals.
" The events wisich have taken place in our pen-
, itisula - cannot be enaggerated. , With whatever force
they may be described, the narrative will be always
behind the truth, as well as in painting the atrocities
of BUONAPARTE and his barbarous satellites. Posteri-
ty, while,it heaps blessings on the people which
proved the deliverers of the world, will scarcely be
able to believe that such great deeds have been
wrought in so small a space of time. The Nation
saw itself attacked by surprise in all quarters, with-
outany defence. More than too,ono enemies were
already in 'its .territory : it took 'up arms against--
tilt:in, drove them to the frontier, retaining • innu-
merable trophies of vi dory, and captive armies which
followed its triumplmi car. This has been done by
Spain in two little months.

" DUPONT and his soldiers, the most disciplined
and expert of the Conquerors of the .North, have
been made prisoners ; -and our Southern Provinces,
freed from all trouble and anxiety, cohfident of suc-
cess and -full of joy, have advanced to impart their
triumphs to the towns ot*Castife, Navarre, and Biscay,
which still groan under oppression, and to afford a
powerful aid to those, who, availing themselves of
the slightest circumstances in their favour, have re-
solved to enter into the conflitt. The Conquerors of
Manjibar and Baylen; names which have so glorious-
ly supplanted those of Austerlitz and Jena, will see
other French, armies captured by them, and other
.eagles fly before them.
" The brave Valencians' have left their walls of
tkey ewefonnded the arms and in-
trigues of IIvIoNcEY, and, united to the tirtn and in-
vincible Arragonese-. (whose glorious capital, after
sustaining a cruel siege c'f two months, scattered
terror among their assailants), are advancing daily
more and more near to the fugitive legions. Na-
varre has also risen in pitysuit of the foe; and all
united are preparing to cut oil the retreat of the
squadrons which are guarding the vain man who for
a short time fancied himseff King of Spain ; while
at the same time the Province of Biscay, which has
just raised the standard of independence, and deli-
tered itself from the hateful oppression 'which be-
nufnbed the energy of its patriotism, will accelerate
-the armament. of the people, the natural enemies of
France, and employ the most useful and salutary
means of defending the common cause ; imitating in
this, the worthy principality of Catalonia, whose
Supreme Junta, from -its st assembly, has merited
the gratitude auk] act nowiedinerus of the Country.
The entire defeat which our krocious enemies have
sustained before Gerorea,.'is a hAppy presage of the
speedy deliverance of Barcelona, in the same man-
ner as the vic=tory gained ,at • Manresa, by means
of artillery made of wood, is the most irrefragable
proof of what a nation can do which is resolved to
be free.

In the meanwhile, the army which proclaimed
at Madrid .the Pretender to the Crown, is flying
with shame and in confusion, having scarcely the
power to find the defiles by which tlry are to escape
from a country they thought already conquered.—
Not less intrepid than other Spaniards; and ready
always to raise the Standard of liberty, wherv,des-
tined to bondage; the Asturi:tris are ernploying their
valour in avenging the blood shed and the sacrilege
committed iu te kingdom of Leon. The Gallicians,
somewhat. behind the others, from circumstances,
they could not govern, and not for want of courage
and patriotism, are burning with desire to signalize,
themselves, and render their deeds as illustrious as
those of, the other Provinces of Spain. They wait
only --for the Cavalry of our hatural Ally. to ac-
company them to victory. Castile and Estrema-
dura 'already meditate the cha,tisemeot which their
heroic sons will inflict beyond the Pyrenees.
" It is thus that twelve millions of souls, closely
united by the most sacred tie which binds mankind,
the love of their country, have presented to Europe
the astonishing and majestic speetacle of a conflict
of liberty and honour against oppression and tyranny.
The artful and treacherous expedients of the enemy
have been in vain ; his pride
,has been as deeply
humbled as his perfidy has been severely chastised.
It is to no purpose that robberies'and conflagrations
have been spread over some unfortunate districts ;
these executioners have not fulfilled their infamoiri'
dsign, which was to destroy what they could not.
bring under their own dominion. It is in vain.
Our manufaCtories still subist, and now, ',more than
ever, meet with encouragement and support. Our,
agriculture remains untouchttd ; and as freemen'
require only to be ted, the husbandman will devote
all his energy to the attainment of his indent lustre
and splendour. Our revenues..—thanks to the rapid
insurrection of the Provinces--have suffered little ;
and, finally, we have rescued :from the clutches of
the Imperial Satraps, the greaur part of the proper
ty in tie Treasury, which was considered as already
at theft oispossi,

" Honour to the English, nation, which could
alone, answer to the calls -of Spanish independence !
An irresistible'attraCtion has always united the two
people, but envy has always succeeded in separating
them, apprehensive, no doubt, •of the reciprocal
force and greatness which, would arise from the alli-
ance. The time is at 'length .arrived, when the
ardent &sires of bath will be accomplished, not for
the sovereignty of either, bUt for the independence
of Europe.
" Already Portugal blesses the effeas of this &O-
rions league. With respeEt to the other !rations of
the'Continent, without failing in the respea ' and
circurnspeCtion necessary when speaking of their ca-
binets, we may observe that we have intimations
enough to justify our conje&uring that the' principal
of them praise our exertions,• and offer up tue most
ardent prayers for our success; while they are pre-
paring-for the last annecisive confiitt: The cause
which the Spaniards are defending is that of all Eu-
rope; if Spatittirunplis - (and she has already tri-
umphed), tYraimy has finished its course, and Eu-
rope-I'4a i'L.Ebver her former equilibrium, shaking
from.lief-Tifiat swarm of trotiblesome.inSeas; appren-
tices to deS'potism, who, under the august name of
Kings, are the opprobrium of nations' and' the dis-
grace of humanity."

RESIGNATION BY SEIGNOR IY PEDRO CEVALLOS OF
HIS OFFICE OF MINISTER FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS,
INTO THE HANDS OF JOSEPH NAPOLEON, ON THE
28TH OF JULY.

" Six—At the time your Majesty had the good-
ness to invite me to continue in the employment of
• Minister for Foreign Atiliirs, I believed I ought to
submit to your notice some reflections, according to
Which your Majesty could neither have the least
confidence in me, or I the least security in .your
Majesty's protection, since I found myself injured,
and carefully watched by the Emperor your august
brother, whose influence over your Majesty's'. mind
could be in no resped favourable to me.
" Your Majesty persisted in your resolution; tell-
ing me that you- were anxious to havenear.you per-
sons'possessing the esteem of the nation ; but I hay-
ing no other wish than to return to my native land,
which had been denied to rue after two months ap-
plication tcir his. Imperial and Royal Majesty, it 'was
necessary for me to accept the nomination of your
Majesty, to pUt an end to the lamentable separation
from my family,, and my fellow-countrymen; re-
serving always the right, which no one can renounce,
of adhering to the Vote of the majority of the nation,
in case it should not be disposed to acknowledge
your Majesty for their Sovereign.
y To your Majesty I have since shown, that Spain
is almost unanimously opposed to recognise you as
King; and if this •claim be wanting to you, there is
no' other by which your Majesty can continue Sove-
reign of %these Kingdoms, Thus circumstanced, 1 •
should be a traitor to my own principles if I 1 !re to
continue to exercise a Ministerial capacity accepted
under such circumstances, and not from a desire to
have any influence in the Government of your Ma-
jesty, which I renounce from this moment, to go
into retirement, where I will consecrate to my un-
happy country my wishes and tears for its calamities
and distresses, which I should be glad to remove,
for the happiness of a nation, noble, generous, loyal,
and brave."

ADDRESS TO THE SPANIARDS OF PORTO
RICO.

BY THE GOVERNOR DON TORIEBEO DE MONMEi.

" SPANIARDS !—,Your loyalty and fidelity towards
the Catholic Kings of Spain, since.the Almighty has
placed this Island dider their command; is so well
known, that any exhortation or Proclamation to re-
'new that loyalty and fidelity which you have pre-
served. and sustained against the utmost attacks of
the Enemies of the Crown of Spain (who were wish-
ing and still wish for the ?ssession of this valuable
Island), is unnecessary

Now, more than ever, you are called upon to
redouble your efforts to disappoint the views of the
infamous Usurper of your rights.—Napoleon Buona-
parte pretends to subdiue you to his despotism--,to
dethrone the beloved Sovereign.• whom you have
_sworn to, defend and acknowledge !--7and would de-
stroy your holy Religion, under the pretence of mak.
ing the Spaiards happy ! anci-, under that disguise,
to reduce them to the most severe and ignominious
-slavery !—I already see you resolved ! and hear you
exclaiming, " I attter let us die !—We will expend
the last drcip of tlie noble blood that circulates in
-our veins, sooner than submit ourselves to the in-
gupportablyyoke and unheard-of tyranny of the
French ! "Nor will we allow their, revolutionary
and.:destructive principles to possess our minds for
one moment !"—This too is my vow ! • and I swear
and promise by 'every thing most sacred, to'defend
your person* and your properties, and to preserve
inviolate the Holy Faith we were born in, and to
adhere •to that fidelity we owe to the. Spanish
Nation, and •to our, beloved Monarch, Ferdinand
VII- jPG 0 •

The ;ign' df 'our united and
_individual faith,
that we arc ready't6' perform' the pledge we have

(riven, shall heavred,cockade,wbich.Aall tie invariably
worn on of r hats;: with this dafereoce, :that the
miitary and ali,those holding official situations shall
,year in the centre of 'the red cockade, another srna,l
one of bl-eck, to indicate the frithdship anti goon-
existing between the Spanish anal English

lions i and that on every cockade the Initials of.our
So&creign's name shall be affixed, to certify
move strongly the object of this distinguished mark
of llonour -.;—:proclaiming,-4the same tune, that all
persons not wearing cockades of the above descrlp-
tion within eight, days after publication of this Ediet,
will he deemed suspicious, and shall be punished

accordingly.
" en at Porto Rico, this 24th day ofJuly, 1808.
~(Signed) " MONTES."

MAILS. ,
ARRIVED-2 Gottenburgli, I Dublin. Doz—t Gutter.-
burgh, 1 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols - -65 H I Omnium - ; dis.

THE SUN.

LONDON,

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1808.

Dispatches were this morning received from Sir
SAAJNIAREZ and Mr. THORNTON. They
ware. brought by Captain MARTIN, of the Im-
pluca. ble,' who distinguished himself so much - in
the late aelion with the Russian Fleet. The sub-
stance of these Dispatches have not transpired ;
hilt from tiie circumstance of Mr. THORNTON being
on board the Admiral's Ship, we are inclined to
I; that a Negotiation is going on for the surrender
of Lile.Russian.Fleet. , •

t:)tri

The impression which has been made upon the
in general by the answer given by His 'MA-
-3- ,TY to the City Address, is highly honourable to
ti 32 national charaaer, and we are pertuatlect_that

noshing but the rancour of party can see.pny thing
to condemn in that answer. Though, in fad, the
Mdress, in substance and in detail, was insulting to
the RoyarCharaeter, inasmuch as it evidently con-

veyed a distrust of His MAJESTY'S zeal for the pa-`
Canal honour and pure regard for justice,; yet the
• answer is marked by a dignified spirip /
c 713 re-
•
bake it implies is of the most temper4teiand‘ delicate
natur.e. We animadverted nsterday:-upon several
passages in the Address which shew that it was
the
_offspring of party, and we cannot but feel
much surprise as well as regret that the lead-
ing men in th City, whose loyalty and good sense
save justly rased them in public esteem, should

of resolutely have opposed the terms of the
Address, however they might have been ensnared
snto a belief that such an appeil to the Throne was
necessary. The objea of the Address, according to
its own express statement, was not to inquire whe-
ther there might be grounds to justify the Convention
of Cintrawhether it was not a compaa rather to
be admired than. condemned, under circumstances
which are-not yet known, but which will, of course,
ke fully developed. No—the Address presumes that
the Convention was "humiliating and degrading,".
jhat it was " dishonourable and unprecedented," and
it requests His TAlajesty to institute " such an in-
' quiry as will lead to. the discovery and punishment"
of its authors, by whose miscondrthTand incapacity,
it affirms, before inquiry, the cause of the Coun-
try and its Allies has been so shamefully sacrificed a"

Is this liberality ? is this candour ? is this a requisi-
tion conformable to the mild principles of our pena]
:juriyruthmatt, which render Great Britain the ad.
vriration of all other States ? Wai the Sovereign a
'thcse I:cairn-4, who presides over a Constitution found.

e(1 in mercy as well is justice, to imit.:Le headlong
punishrkizt, while it pre-
e:lds to solicit inquiry? His MA,IESTy feels for the
nr of all wI4 are entrusted with situations of
national responsibility, as well as for the ho-
nourOf the nation itself ; and never could it be sup-

iiOu

Tosed that so gracious a Monarch would coincide in
.huch a rash condemnation of men who had an ar-
Iluom duty to perform, whose local• knowledge must
,::ice enabled theM to judge of the policy of the
iileamire in ru,%itiori much better than the resi-

tietic Citizens of London, whatever may be their
'1;-ood sesise; and however respeaable their judg-

meat in all matters that belong to their own im-
mediate province, Sorely, if these men were
anxious for an inquiry, it would have been but de-
.cnt in thern to inisr that his MAJCSTY must have
been full as anxious. as themselves, upon a subjeet
interesting and important, and, therefore, an ap-

;,peal to him on thts occasion was not only officious
.nod ill-achiSeJ, but absolutely disrespe&ful. Be-
sides, the Address contains one passage notoriously
:',C:anral.y to the fact, for it states, among one'of the
great crimes of the Authors of the Convention, " the
guafrantee and safe conveyance" of the French
plunder in Portugal, though in a Proclamation,
signed ay the French General KELL,ERMAN, as well
as by the British Officer, such a guarantee was po-.
sitively disavowed. fiere, then, the' Addfess asserts
an absolute falsehood in the fade of Mnfasf`v and
here we mast repeat our surprise and regret that
some of the leading men of the City, whosecha-
rafters we hold in great esteem, should have suf.'
fdred such a glaring talse'hood to escape their notice,
• and should have joined in carrying such an hasty,
construEled, and fallacious Address to the throne. We

earnestly advise the resp'eelable charaCters we allud
to, to refle& seriously upon the measure into which the
suffered themselves to be subdueJ, and to endeavour
to compensate for their errors, by a determined op-
position to those who may attempt to involve them
still deeper into the toi►s of party. The business of
the ConVentiun, by the declaration of His MAJESTY,
as well as, by the obvious necessity of the case, is to
undergo a proper Inquiry, where. all possible zeal
and industry will be employed to ascertain the true
principles upon which it was founded ; and there-
fore to bring forward motions in the mean time to
excite prejudice, and to agitate the public mind, is
to betray a malevolent spirit of party, and not to ma-
nifest a due regard for justice and the honour of the
sr,Lcr.: Q, UIS DICIRE.rALSUNI AUDZAT ? Country.

Yesterday aCabinet Council assembled at the'Fo-
reign Office at halt after une, which was not dis-
solved until half after four o'clock. The Members
present _were—the Duke of. PORTLAND, the Earl of
WESTMORELAND, Mr. CANNING, Lords HAwEES-
BURY and CASTLEREAGH, Mr. PERCEVAL, Lord
MULGRAVE, and Earl BATHURST. After the Coun-

broke up, Mr. TURNER, the Messenger, was sent
off with the result of their deliberations to his Ma-
jesty, at Windscir.
- A requisition, it is stated, has been signed by
some house-keepers of Westminster, calling upon
the High Bailiff to convene a Meeting of the Eleetors,
for the purpose of addressing his Majesty upon the
subject of the late Convention in Portugal. • But as
it has been announced from the highest authority
that an inquiry is to take place, such a Meeting of
course is unnecessary. It after what has- passed,
any persons should persist in calling the Meeting, it
will not be difficult to ascertain the motives by which
they are actuated.
Extra6.l of a Letter from a Gentleman at Fal-
mouth, dated on Sunday morning, Oct. g.—" On
Sunday morning early, the Expedition which had
been detained by contrary winds at Falmouth, got
• under way, and never perhaps. did one sail from
England better equipped in every respe&. It con-
sists chiefly of the 3d brigade of Guards, and the
"211 Battalions of distinguished _Regiments, who are
anxious to themselves not at all inferior to their
companions in the Ist Battalions, in ',reaping laurels
of the enemy. Their Commander in Chief, Sir D.
Baird, is one in whom they have implicit confidence.
The Medical Staff is particularly well sele&ed, and
refleas the greatest credit on' the Surgeon-General.
There was one general expression of joy and satis-
faaion when the signal was made 'for sailing. They
are convoyed by Captain SCEOBIBERG, in the Loire
Frigate, attended by three others."
Letters from Madeira weve received in town yes-
terrJay, dated 30th August. On the 17th of August
the 3d Regiment (the Butt's) sailed from that Island
for Portugal, with Major-General BERESFORD, on
board the Undaunted Frigate, Captain MALING.—
The t ith regiment were --expected soon to follow ;
and the garrison and forts pt :s.4actltira were to b oc-
cupied by veterans from Gibraltar.—The oet'vcard-
bound Africa, Brazils, ald West India . Coavo-ys
had touched at the Island, and sailed for their desti-
nation. -
Major, now Sir GORE OUSLEY, is the second son
of the late much respected RALPH OUSLEY, ESq.
of Limerick, and, we understand, that this mark
of distinction from his lioverei,n has been granted
in consideration and approbation of his conduct in
India, during a residence of seventeen years, the
latter part of which he 'served as Aid-de-Camp and
Confidential Secretary to his Highness the NABOB
VIZIER, Hereditary Prince_ of Oude, at Luctiow,
with the countenance, . approbation, and esteem of
the Governor-General of India, the Most Noble the
Marquis WELLESLEY.,
We 'understand that Sir A. WELLESLEY wellleave

town in a few days for I;r..land, to return, to his Mi.
nisterialfunetions in Country; and that after
having arranged the kusioess of his office, he will
proceed to Spain in !pis military capacity.
General FERGUiOI3 will take a trip to Scotland be-
fore he resumes the coMmand of his Brigade in Spain,
but his -stay in his native country will be very short.
A. very large sleet of Merchantmen have arrived
from Stockb:ilm and Gottenburgh ; they sailed from
the Litter place on the 30th ultimo; tAienty4tve are
bound to Hull, at which place two of the Fleet arr
rived on Tuesday last. The whole convoy consists
of, about 100 sail.; many of the Ships are from the
ports of Revel and other Russian ports, and have
on board valuable cargoes of the produce of that
country.
No official detail has yet been received at the Ad-
miralty, of the brilliant a&ion of the Seahorse. We
have been favoured with the following extra& of a
letter from an Officer of that Frigate, which gives a
very modest and chataaeristic account of the engage-
ment.
" MALTA, JULY 31.—Fortune has at length
smiled on the Old Horse—l arrived here
_five days
ago in the liedera Zaj'er, a Turkish frigate of ifty-
two guns, whiCh we captured in the Archipelago,
.after an .AEtion of four hours, on the night of the
sth inst. , There was a smaller frigate of 2t guns
.and-two mortars, which went down during the ac-
tion, at least she has not since been heard of, and
she was lost sight of by us very suddenly, a few
minutes after we had been engaging her as near as
the two Ships could lie together. They had also a
galley full of men, which,escaped.
Our loss has been,.miraculously small, but five
killed and ten wounded, most of the latter not dan;-
gerously. Our ship has suffered considerably, many
of our guns being unserviceable, we shall be detain-
ed here perhaps three weeks getting to rights, after
which I think it probable that we shall resume our
station, and very possibly catch another.'-':.
The authors of The Anti-Jacobin Examiner, which
once mate so great a figure in town, and -the wit
and humour of which will preserve it from the usual
fate of occasional productions,- manifestedthe spirit
of- prophecy in its ludicrous song ,on the. University
of Gottingen, the members of which are now the
vittiMs or those revolutionary principles which they
appeared to be too, ready to patronize.
• A Beef was taken up, on the 3d instant, in the
garden of W. N. HART, Esq. Edinondstiato Cottage,
near Cranborne, the rooLof which weighed I °lbs.
and was ELlee quarters of a yard iu circumference.

NAVAL NEWS.

PLYMOUTII, OCT. 12.—Arrived the Hamburgh
'Ship Johannah, Capt. L. C. LAtturr, from Oporto,

;den with wine, bound to Limerick; on the 2d

inst. she fell in with the Juliana Letter of Marque,
of Liverpool, from Surinam, bound to London, who
took, away the ship's papers, &c. Same day she
fell in with the Mutine Sloop of War, who detained
and sent her to this Port, on account of having no

papers on board.
Arrived La Fleche Sloop of War from a cruize.
The Lilly Sloop of War, bound to Madeira, is
put back by contrary winds.

Arrived the Cheerful Cutter, from Gibraltar, with
dispatches; sailed thence the 20th ultimo; brings

no news.

PORTSMOUTH, .00T. 13.—Arrived his Majesty's
Ship Pluto from Lisbon.
Arrived the Endeavour, HARLING, and Hero,
THOMPSON, from ,Sunderland ; also the Benson,
Wm.'s, from Quebec.
Sailed His Majesty's Ship Diomede for Guernsey.
- The Expedition at St. Helen's, it is reported, will
remain till more Cavalry are embarked.

DOVER-, OCT. 13.—Arrived the following Ships
from Jamaica, part of the West India Fleet of 18
sail :—Centurion, DOUGLAS; David Shaw, BUR-,
NELL ; Comet, M‘PoNALD; Robust, LANDELL ;
William Pitt, ARTHUR; Brook Watson, HOLMES ;
Friends, BURBECK. _

DEAL, OCT. 1 3.—Arrived the Kingston, BENSON;
Comet, ; and the Pursuit, MILLER, from Ja-
maica; several more of the same Fleet are coming
round the South Foreland under convoy of his Ma-
jesty's Brig Hunter.
Sailed the Generous Planter, Gallant Schooner,
Annabella, Minerva, and Harlequin, out ward-bound
Vessels, ,to the Westward.

Came down from the aiverthe Diana, PARK
and the Governor Dodswell, CLEAVELAND, for the
South Seas, and ,remain with the rest of the Ships
as per last., .

SHEERNESS, OCT. 13.—Arrived the Gallant Gun-
brig.
Passed by for the Downs two East India Ships,
and a great number of homeward-bound West India-
men, -for the River.

Arrived his Majesty's Ship Sarpen, from the
North Sea.

Upwards of a hundred Sail have passed the Noie,
for .the-River.

GREENOCK, OCT. 10.—During Thursday 2nd Fri-
day it blew very hard from the S.W. and early upon,
Saturday morning checked suddenly round to N.W.
when the storm increased, and continual all day.—
We are happy to say that the dainage sustained by
the shipping' here was inconsiderable. The Sloop
Jolly Major was driven upon the new East Quay,
where she now lies high , and dry, withotit being,
materially damaged. The Ship Mars carried away
the pall she was fastened, to at the East Quay, and,
ran aground at the open shore ; she was got off sonni
after, and but little injured. The Shannon and a
coasting Brig are ashore at Garvel Point. The Loyal
Sam was ran foul of by the Ship Ann, and hgd her
starboard rails tore away. The Ship Columbus got
foul of the Ann Grant, and carried away her sprit-
sail-yard by the bolt-sprit. A Gabart went upon
the Bank, and soon after hoisted a signal.of distress;
when a boat's crew put off and relieved her.

LIVERPOOL, OCT. N.—Early on Saturday morn-
ing last came on a most tremendous gale of wind,
which continued during the whole of the day and
chief part ,of the following night. Most of the Ves-
sels in the River parted their cables or dragged their
anchors.
His Majesty's Ship the Princess was driven from
her station, but brought up above the Slyne, where
she rode out the storm in safety.
The Ariel, BORROWDAILE ; 'George, PICRTHALL ;
Neptune, HART ; and Union, —; got-on shore,
but were afterwards got off' with little damage, and
are now in dock. '1 he Hannah, LIGHTLEY, got on
shore, near Jackson's Mill, and filled with water—
crew saved. The Princess of Wales, KENNEDY, is
on shore near the North Battery, her main and
mizen masts cut away; and the Ship a wreck—three
of the crew narrowly escaped a watery grave. • The
Alexander, WADE, that sailed on Friday, put back,
broke her cables near the Slyne, and is totally lost,
about five miles up the River—orew saved. The
Apollo, BELLIN, is lost upon the N. W. Spit of
Hoyle—Captain BELLIN and two boys drowned—
the remainder of the crew (eleven in number) were
floated on shore on the masts and rigging, arid
I saved.

The Pletcher, FLETCHER, for Eieligoland, is lost,
with all her crew, near North Moels. The shore,
in this latter place, was covered with fragments of
wood, old rope, pieces of iron, ifirc. Coffee was
sprinkled on the sand as if it had been sown there—
The people of the neighbourhood were on Sunday
gathering up and-carrying off what they could lay
hold of, as if it had been their own. When stne of
these persons' was asked by a Gentleman who. went
to view this scene of desolation what was become of
the crew, he replied, with the greatest indifference,
" they are all shut (lost)."
A Brig, wit!, crates on board, is towed into Roy-
lake by a Fishing coat ; her name is unknown. .No
person found on board, except one dead body lashed
to the rigging.
A Swedish Brig is wa9bed op to high-water mark,

near Hoylake. Ali hands perished ; both anchors to
her baWs, and a new cable—Stintii)sed to be the
Drei Braden, from Calmar. The Juno, —,
hence to London,, is on shore above Gargton, with
all liermasts gone.
Thet Phillipsburgh, LIFFINGWELL, hence to New
wps driven on shore on Saturday, with the loss
of anchors and cables, bat is now in the King's
Dock—cargo not damaged, but will be landed, to
have the Ship repaired.
Te Catharine, DAVIES, from Sligo to this•port,
is on shore at Whitehaven, and full. of water—cargo
landing.
During the gale, a Boat, with two men in her,
was upset in the River; one of them was saved, the
other unfortunately. drowned.
_ _

Tllese are the only particulars we have been able
to 'olle6t ; but as no intelligence is arrived from the
Weldh Coast, and from other parts of the Island, we
fear we shall have the painful task to record fresh
disasters in our next.

To the Sloop Plover and Brig Pilote, for the Capture of
the Swedish Convoy, at No. tB, Clement's Inn, every Tues-
day and Friday, for three years.
To the Leander, for the Capture of the Volunteer, at No.
ta, Upper Thames-street, on the tzth inst. and every day toe
three months.

To the Sloop Lark, for the Capture of the French Brig
La Cecile, on board, at Portsmouth, on the tzth, and at No.
Cleinent's Inn, every Tuesday and Friday for three
months. _ _

To the Gun-brig Bold. for the Capture of the Frederick'
Wilhelm, and of the Coriceieao Minas, on board the Bold,

the 12th inst, and at No. 18, Clement's Inn, every Tuesday
and Friday, for three months.
Tu the Sloop Ring Dose, for the Capture of the Danish
Privateer Torden Skiold, by D. Th.Whytt, Esq. at the Bri..

tannia Colfee-house, Leith, the 24
the same place.
To the brig Hunter, for the Capture of the Schooner Pro-
sperity, and cargo, on board, on the Hunter's arrival in Port,
and atter at No 3, Phil put-lane.
To the East ludia Company's armed Ship Swallow, for the
Capture of the Dutch Ships at or near St. Henna, on the
xoth Nov. at the East, Imlia House, on the first Monday ill.

.:N inst. Sand afterwards at

every month for three years.
I'o the Gun-brig Locust, for the Capture of .the Marengo
and Belle Poule, at No. 22, Arundel-street, for three months.

IA singular circumstance in Natural History oc*
curred lately in the garden of Mr. Studholme, of St.
Nicholas, near Carlisle :—An apple-tree some time
ago lost its leaves, apparently by a blight—soon after
which it was observed to put forth fresh blossoms,
and it is now bearing fruit, the second time this,
. .
season.

In the garden of Thomas Royle, farmer, at Cai+
rington, in Cheshire, is a nee which has this year
produced apples 'Of a most extraordinary size ; ono
of which measured 12i inches in circumference, and
the other two 12 inches each. The whole three
put together measured one yard, one inch, and
three quarters; and weighed two pounds, three
ounces and a quarter.
The exposure of 'flax or hemp to the frost and
.snow materially facilitates the dressing of it, by de-
'stroying the glutinous matter which unites the
. _

fibres ;and it is now established, that keeping these
plants a second winter will reduce by one half- the
labour which will attend the dressing of them the
first year. It is recommended that, after steeping,
the plants be either spread to the a6tion of the frost
and air, or placed in bundles, on their ends, and left
in that state till the spring=The better Lbe r- o'4
(hied, the less will be the waste in dressing.
On Friday se'n night Mr. Roodhouse, of Stamford,

carrier, for a wager of thirty guineas, started from
that place to walk to London, a distance of go miles,
in 26 hours. The wager was made in a convivial
party, and Mr. Roodhouse, without having had
any preirious exercise it: walki'tg, set off immediate-
ly. In Cunuiugton Lane, miles f otn Stamford,
he unfortunately sprained his uncle.; tie, notwit:
standing, reached Hatfield at- three o'clock an the
next afternoon, but was there obliged to give in.,
although he hal seven hours of the given time
good to perform the remaining 19 miles. He was
in good spirits, and could have won the wager easily
had he not fret wit h he accident.
A Letter from Kingston, Jamaica, of Aug. 10,
says—" Every thing here is in a flourishing state
since the arrival of our .new Governor, the Duke of
MANCHESTER. The measures adopted by his Grace
give general .satisfattion ; and his agreeable lIINIV-
ners, with the uprightness of ' his condud, rendet
him a favourite with the Island."
So extremely cold was the weather on Thers'da.lo,
se'nnight, that the icicles hung from the h(ioses',.l.
some parts of the town of Shaftesbury, upward'''. 0'
foot in length; a pump in the Close of S.truto was
frozen—a circumstance very unusual in the i17"111
of September. •
•
On Tuesday'se'nnight if young man, 'named Da-
niel Greenwell, clerk to Robert Waldie, Esq. of Car'
lisle, being on his return from Brampton, where he
ill,
abnede neonnd
eahunting
a votir
ed
to crossparty,
tab tittle' d hi mi
17lof:rdteark taken
sit unobserved, when he tell suddenly backward,
and broke both his arms. The agottY arising from'
so dreadful a misfortune soon rendered him insensi
ble, and in this situation he bad lain upwardS of nille
hours, when he was discovered by Robert Wil,'`)l::
Esq. of Carlisle, whose dog would not pasS the
butcOntinued to bark,, though called several tittles
by his master.—He now lies in a dangerous stale', t
'Sunday was married, at Bedminster, in the raids
of divine- service, and in presence of ' a natrierous
congregation, James. How, of Othery,, aged•7B,
•I°'
Martha Wilcox, of Bath, aged 22. The bride iot
stantly became a mother, grandmother, and gre3
grandmother to a numerous progeny. •
CANINE MADNESS.--About six weeks since;
Child, three years., old, the daughter of respetw._,
,parents, in Windmill-street, was sent to Sorrle`i'le
Town, on a visit to a relation: • On her waY so
received a bite by a mad dug, and was afterwaro
dipped is salt water, with as much expediti°ll
possible. This precaution induced the 11114a1);t
.parents to suppose their infant would avoid
tie
hydrophobia ; but the child; was seized With 1,0
usual symptoms on Saturday last, and on Surel3Y s
expired. A short time preVioes to her death sbe t°
covered her senses.
toA young man was killed yesterday; in the gate. to
leading to Fresh-wharf; by a cart driven in a 111'w
way, which crushed him to death against a Pot'
•
Tuesday, some bricklayers repairing a hallse• es,,
Titeliborne-street, Piccadilly, through earelesso
let fall a spade or shovel, which unfortunately to
on the head 01 a poor boy who happened to be Poi,„..
ing at the time, and cut him in so dregd `l, ►with
ner, that he was,sent to St. George's sitisi'
little hopes of his recovery.
