PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

We copy the following article from The Bir-
mingham Herald SatoNay last, not because it
has paid•THR,SoN the complitnent of taking •an

extract from it, but because the Editor is apan
of known loyalty, who has suffered, for the firm
ness of his principles, and because his Journal is
uniformly devoted to the support of our best Na-
tional Interests :

" The Meeting of the Reformers in London has
_terminated most farcically : but we do not consi-
der that the evil is yet come to an end, for-al-
though these miserable actors have lost their
power, we conceive that the managers have not
given up the wish to create contusion and ruin.
It is much to be wished that some law may be
passed, strong enough to prevent such daring.
Outrages as are daily practised on the liberty of
the suhjeet by the daring conduct of the RadicaLs,
who, by their meetings under the flimsy pretence
of Reform, as completely stop all business as
.though the plague were in the country. To bor-
row the remarks of,a Correspondent of the SUN,
" There is no legitimate freedom, except the tree.'
door of holding one's person and property in
safety. For my part, I think the Engh.o trades-
man who is obliged to shut up his shop for fear of
its being robbed or fired, and his family, perhaps,
murdered, by the heroes of a Radical Meeting, is
as very a slave as the wretch who closes his shop
in Constantinople, for fear of being stripped. by
the Grand Turk. Talk not to me of such free-
dom, while I ant not sure of holding mylife or
my goods for half an hour k." Such must be the
sentiments of every rational man ; and we sin-
cerely hope, if the laws are not s•rottg enough to
prevent such outrages, that the Parliament, which
meets dosing the present month, will enact some
that will ensure to the quiet and peaceable man
the most valuable of all blessings—tranquillity
and security.---There is one part of the Radical
Union System which we confess we should like!
to see adopted by the loyal part of the com-
munity, and which self-defence ! makes perfectly
justifiable, viz, never to purchase any article, how-
ever minute or necessary, from those who profess
Radical Opinions : this would be fighting them
with their own weapons, and, sooner than any
other scheme we can think ot, would let them see-
what contemptible numbers they muster, and that
the good sense of the people is decidedly against
them.

" On Monday last, George Ragg, the proprietor
.of a shop, in this town, notorious for the sale of
publications tending to the subversion of civilised
society, was apprehended under a warrant from
the Magistrates, for selling " The Republican,"
work published by Carlile since his trial. The
Magistrates agreed to accept bail for his appear-
ance at the next Actsizes, himself in 1001. and his
sureties at 501. each ; but even this moderate bail
he was not able to procure, and was consequently
conveyed to Warwick on Wednesday. It is the
duty of every-person to check the sale DI the blas-
phemous- and seditious publications, 'which have
for too long a period disgraced this town, and
we sincerely hope,-as the Magistrates have shown
that there are laws for the prevention of the sale
of such abominable trash, that there will not be
Wanting good and faithful subjeets..to give such
information as may lead to the entire suppression
of pamphlets, of so vile a tendency
" We are happy to learn that the Society for
Promoting Christian Knowledge, at a nunierons.
• Our spirited Correspondent FLINT, Vide Toe Sus of the
4th inst.
• •

[PRICE SEVENFTNT:E.

Meeting held on Taresdsy, unanimously expressed,
in the strongest terms, their concern and alarm at
(lie dangers to which the more uninformed part of
the Community. are exposed, from the daring at•
tempts that qare-d,ai.ly made to sh.tke their belief in
Divine Revelation, and determined upon the adop.
tion of .the most• effectual means for :he cpunter.
action of such' mise:devuns exertions.—A cheap
Edition pf Bishop Watson's Apology for the Bible
has been just printed by dirce ion of the.So6ei
for distribution, through its Members, at the very
reduced price' of

"The Cottnnit.tee.of Gentlemen who have signed
the, Loyal .Declaration iu this town, have voted I"
sum °l.:money to-purchase :4 quantity of the :above
valuable work, for the purpose of distribuiting
among the poor in this town and nei:thbourilood."

THE LATE DURHAM. COUNTY MEETING;

Mr. L!ktußtoti, by his conduct at this Meeting,
'has excited the attention of T. MACKENZIE and
- ,
IlonGsort, both of whoa) have_ addresses!
Letters to him, which shew clearly the meats
opinion that they entertain of the WHIGS as a
PARTY. The following Extracts from Mr. HoDo-
SON'S Letter ate deserving of novice
." You say you will pass. over my insinuations
Against the Whigs with contempt ; now I did not
insinuate any thing against them—l charged them
in direct terms with having done more injury to
!tie,constitotipo, than any other party • this can
be easily sett fed by that history to which you so
triumphantly refer. Did not the Whigs pass the
Septennial Act,, by which. all the Electors of the
Kingdom have been disfranchised tour ijeap out
of every seven sice and the consequences of
which have probably given rise to most'of the
miseries we at present labour under. Now did
the Tories ever do any thing halt so injurious to
the ljhertics of tie People as this ? it was impos-
sible they should, except they had pot an end to
Parliatneut altogether. This is neither the time
nor the place to give a catalogue of the political
sins of the Whigs., from the corrupt adiniuisr.ra-
tiou of Walpole to the present day ; but I hope I
have said enough to
,satisfy every candid mho!
that I have not calumniated the IVlsigs. In short,
it is their own condi:Cl 'that has lost iltii party the
public confidence, *find their present equivocal po-
licy is as little likely to restore that confidence as
it is to bring back the belief in witchcraft.
" You have thought proper to take'y accuse
the Reformers of an intention to overtwo all that
is eminent and virtuous in society ; which accts.
sation I defy you to prove, and charitably sup-
pose it to have at iseo from your igoorauce of the
persons whom you so .gratoif on,ly vdtiy, p irticu-
larly as persons of your exalted s-(.-Itioo in 14e,
CATItiOt be supposed to have notch intelligeuce of
what is going on amongst the lower order of ple-
beians, and on that account ate gPnesally abon-
dautly ignorant of what is known to every person
but thenistlves.

" In short, the Rt•forAuers wish for such a Re-
form its the House of Commons as will realize
the favourite WHIG TOAST, The Sovereignty of
the People.'

" They wish to be misters over their servants,
and to have the power to. turn them out when
they betray their interests, 911(1 to 1)e governed
by Wisdom anti virtue, and not • be oppressed by.
fully, vice, and corOption. They consider them-
selves as sufficiently enlightened so he entrusted
with the exercise of very extensive political privi-
ieges ; they'see the country becoming more in-
telligent, and of-course more moral every day,
and tkity know that the present rage for Reform
not a passion to be turned to the account of any
party; but a steady, fixed, moral principle, whien
cannot recede, but will continue to animate them
till the abuses which give rise to it are swept.
away. On its success depends the future hap.
piness or misery, liberty or slavery, of our
country."

Miss STEPHENS, on her return from the North,
spet:t some days on a visit at Bishop Thorpe, in
Yorkshire, the magnificent seat of the Archbishop
01 YORK.

IMPORTANT INPotimaTtoN.—From calculation
by the College of Physicians, no less than 40,000
the annually in Great Britain of Consumption,
and) at least 10,000 in London, The late William
Turnbull, Esq. a very ingenious Surgeon, ascer-
tained that every 20:h person was ruptured,—
These complaints are truly alarming to every in-
dividual who uses the least exertion. It is also
incredible the number that suffer from It C:•i taiu
Disease, by being improperly treated. It w,is
those circianstances induced Dr. Coui' to select,
erninen: Physicians and Surgeons, of at least 30
years' experience, to form a Medical &lard; and
since the establishment upwards of 30mo Pa-
dews bare been cured without confinement—.
many of them after hospitals bad failed.
Messrs. COOPER and Co. are consulted at
AVoodstock-street, Oxford-street ; and at Char-
lotte House, Great Charlot►e•street, opposite the
Rcv. Rowland Hill's, daily, from eight till eight.
Mechanics have-advice gratis et cry evening, from
:six till eight ; and. on Sunday mornings until 12
o'clock

*** RUPTURES of 30 yens standing radically•
cured without confinement.

4"f* There. are private doors at each house, arid
privaie rooms for Females.

- N.B. The Afflicted would do well to read
Messrs. Coorett and Co.'s Lectures on two pre-
vailipg Diseases, published at one shilling, by Mr.
Harvey, 22, tlackfriars4oad. They will also
prove meta! td•youttg Practitioners.
