DEMERARA.

Mr. P. GRENFELI, presented petitions from Palmoatb
and Penryn, praying for an inquiry into the late proceeding*
at Demerara. He described the situation of the slaves in that
There existed an objection to allow them to be educated as-
colony, whatever it might be elsewhere,
who
ehuiloidonassu r
et o
the b e most Hon .punish
wretched.ieen menervybebrf.,
cording to the principles of the Christian religion. NOW !n-
--deed could this be done there, 'seeing the Christian religion
taught that men should love their neighbours as themselv
was
How could this be taught while the present system
acted upon ?
Mr. ROBERTSON said, that it was a very
slavescommonouocncturr-
to
returnto comevolunftraorlyn thein t 0 West
to be instilled
if the doctrines of the Christi • • *an Religion were
ovaries were the ot 17
into the minds of the slaves, the Masi
.androccur-
rence
thenfor
persons that could effect it.
Member should go and
n
Iwo know what their stale.
left Blackee alone, he was a
was, He belieired, that if, Y
;r, t;e went and instilled notions into
very happy
hisSilrielad. COFFIN
man. -I" -.-, kletiiserahle, it was very natural fix
wouldte
beat him hollow is
look at the Colonies, Fh iN
s tsaa iadri.wedgtah.t.ti
joahestelenticlhi
him to be discontenk, slavery.dieHs
etobthelisevced,
thyir,
ds o n
laugh.)
those respects.—
it RE prote. teagainst
Mr.
twor the name of commutation,. had been inflicted in
(tilllie:efe Government and
fat'
revoltersha
had
ddrtakenj'vohllo l
anyit hsatdepbseceonn
dreen7na-
Den'era-- .the purpose of torturing the
death for
.people so-
y exposing them to the punishment of 1000 Whet p
iiileatltCbdsted that corporal punishments would soon be abo.
altogether; but as long as lie had a voice, he would
lisped
protest against the infliction of 1000 lashes upon any individual.
If the lion. Secretary for the Colonial department had helm
present, he should have asked him whether it was intended to
mended by Governor Murray ? Re should also have asked
tory of the cruel corporal punishments of which he had cora-
plained ?
Mr. MANNING wished the Hon. Member for Penryn to
take the advice of _the Gallant Admiral, and go to the West
Indies to inform himself of their real situation. For himself,
he could only say that when he was in the Colonies, he ghwe
none of the cruelties of which they heard in that House. The
Hon. Member, in a low tone of voice which we could not aos-
hefpw:oirbnrcnPv.u,c:hnmeerrtatYei 1
mercy
ine°cruyt ‘htsVhoneht a t was
ot those
or se es Ypshieatoisrnur
gihnbiteahwpeppausys:e h e could

t:Lostiy hear, objected to the manner in which these petitions
were got up.
Mr. GRENFELL explained, and the petition was ordered
to be printed.
IRISH CATHOLICS. . .

Lord MILTON presented a petition from certain Catholics
of Ireland, with The prayer of which he could not entirely'
agree, because they asked for the disarming of the Orangemen.
Ile thought this would be imposing upon that class the same
grievance of which the petitioners were complained of. What
Ne wished to see in Ireland was union, and an entire oblivion
iof the past. He would remove from the Satute Book, and, if
possible, from the memory of the people of Ireland, all that
reminded them of the tyranny and oppression under which
they had been governed.
Sir W. W. WYNN presented a petition from Wrexham,
relating to the case of Mr. Smith.
Sir N. COLTHURST presented a petition from Cork, against
the Warehousing Bill. '
After a few words from Mr. GRATTAN, Mr. BERRIES,
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON, and Mr. BRIGHT, the petition was
ordered to be printed.
Sir N. COLTHURST presented a petition from Cork, re-
lating to Mr. Smith.
