BULLETIN.

nedlarn; Thit!selnil, 2 1.. NI.

There is np abatement, in Citizen itutii'a dis-
order, hut he is rather more fantastical than
Something - )►Hying been said in hi. pri.s.ence
sporting Lord COCH sc,lie only ed
io be brought.to hint, and appointed a Cell I'u
his place at Court.

(Signed) ,101 IN 1)1':11.1., G. C. O.
THONIAS PRESTON, See.

LORD EXMOUTH.

At s Meeting of the Mayor, Commonalty, and
Citizens of Londonderry, in Common Council as-
sembled, on Saturday, the 2d of November, IS In,
the following Address was unanimously voted to
the Right Hon. Lord ExstouTu, &C. &c.

" MY LORD,—At the conclusion of a war un-
paralleled in the British annals, for the brilliancy
of its Naval achievements, we trim with Peculiar
satisfaction an exploit, whose only and avowed
object was the rescue of suffering humanity.
" The conquest of Algiers has stamped tin
perishable value on your Lortfship's character,
whether we consider' the' cause for which it waS
undertaken, the judgment with which it was
planned, or the gallantry with which h was exe-
cuted.

" Permit me, therefore, to add our mite of ap-
probation to the well-earned gratitude of applaud-
ing Europe

" lu the early part of your Lordship's life you
resided in our City, we then esteemed you as a
Wall, we respected you as a Gentleman, and we
gave the most decisive proof of our attachment,
by enrolling you amongst our citizens and now
•
it contributes not a little to our pleasure and our
pride, that in congratulating the Commander
whose proMptitude and conduct broke the fetters
of slavery, we address a Preemon of London.
derry.

W. ALEXANDER, Mayor of Londonderry.
" the light, on. Lord Exmonth." .

To this Address, so gratifying from the old
Friends or the herdic Aholisher of Christian'
Shivery, his Lordship returned an 'appropriate
answer.

Teignmooth, i Gib November, 1816.
RECEPTION or ADNURAL I,OII.I).VIScoVNT Ex.
NIOUTH, au, his return from AIM I EItS.

Yesterday, between two and three o'clock,
Lord &mount arrived at Teignmouth by the
Dowlish road : the principal inhabitants of the
town and neighbourhood, Alesirous of expressing
their admiration of Isis great Hellievrineutb, on his
return .trom the necomplishment-v4-an ardisons•
service, that .has cornier! him to the hating gr►t-
titude. of many Geatlesnen, on horse.
back, met him at some distance from the town,
and preceded hint to Clitiden-hunse, where-twelve
gallant tars took the horses kilos], the carriage,
and their tackle, moved on with three
cheers, in the order of procession previonsly ar.
ranged. - Aa the entrance of Teignmouth a tri-
umphal Arch was erected, with suitable decor».
having a motto On it " Welcome Home."
When the Noble Admiral hove in sight, a Band
of Music. struck op " See the conquering Hero
collies," and the procession then moved on, 24
young women joining the ,music in the National
Sung of " Rule Britannia."

The following was the Order of Procession:—
C:4% nleade of Gentlemen, on Horseback.
Inhabitants, Gentlemen g and 2 on foot, wearing dark
Blue Hiltbons its their Hots.
St:onsets. • .
Shipwrights wish their Hag (guarded.)
Other :Mechanic, following the hhipwrightS.
, . - . .
Twenty:4We. young Women, dressed in white,_9 end 2,

.with a Branch of Laurel in one hand, and a Basi.et-
of Flowers in the other, which they strewed .
. as 16 procession advanced.
Sailor heari.ig Lord Exmouth's Flag.
. Sailor tw•ith his Lordship's personal Ilauner.
Two. Sailors bea►,rin Admiral :slil►►e's and the Dutch
Adniiral's Flog.
Sailor hearing the Flog►, • Queen Charlotte.'
TWenty-four Sailors hearing the Flags of the respective
. . - Shipi, two and two.
Twelve Sailors, with blue scrolls on: their hata►, 414*”.1
to drilw the Carriage.
Four Sailors supporting (.'row►► of Laurel o►vcr the
Carnage.
•

At West-Tcignmonth Church a most pleasing
sight presented Itself : all the Child, en iu the
School, educated on Bers principles; and to
which his Lordship is so liberal a contributor,
keere assembled to pay their humble respects- to
his Lordship. The vain' wry exertions of the
babirents had erected Arches in various rirts`ol
.the streets through which the ptocession passel,
which; with the variety of Flags displayed in all
parts, the fineness of the weather, and the united
feelings of joy, respeet, and honest exultation,
which lost forth from alt the spectators, formed
altogether a scene truly British.

His Lordslsik WAS teteived at his own lionsell
the gallant veteran Admiral Schanck, in foil nni.
form, :tlr. Giinies, his .secretary, and the Rev,
Messrs. Salter and Newman ; and on .alighting
from his carriage, the whi,le of the procession
pre ihrce hearty eliecrs, which closed the. day.

This day it deputation Of the inhabitants Of this
place and its vicinity, with the two Reverend
•Clei‘gynteti.at Weir head, Milted on his Lordship,
at 12 o'clock, to present- a suitable address ; anti
to which his Lordship was pleased to make , a
very appropriate and dignified reply, modestly
ascribing his sot:etas to the gallantry of hisofficets
anti men,-7-always placing a devout teliance on
Divine Prot itlence at the great primary ClitlsC,..•-•
and, as we may truly say, in_ tte pious and ester-
getic words' of b 1 own Mutto—Deo .141.ticuitte--
Fortwia.seviatur.
