OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

" The question of the Fueros has just been una-
nimously decided by the Cortes, as follows
" Art. 1. The Fueros of the Basque provinces
and Navarre are confirmed.

" 2. The Government as soon as possible will
present to the Cortes, after having heard the Basque
provinces and Navarre, a project of law relative to
the modification of the Fueros and conciliating the
interest of the provinces with that of the nation, and
w;th the Constitution and the Monarchy. The
Government is authorized to decide provisionally
the difficulties which might arise with the charge of
remict.'ng an account to the Cortes."

The " Edinburgh Review," just
published, No. CXLI., ust
published, cot stains amongst other excellent articles,
one on Lord L.YNDitußsT's Review of the last
cession, and a defence of the Whigs
' in which the
Reviewer has don the party he writes for good
strvice. Of Lord LYN.
DIIURST'S speech he says
at the beginning
To us there see—ma • little farcical in the
sossinnal ceremony which Lord .T4Y
mrnethm4 a deems it ne-
ry to perform. What
ndhurst
ossaery to the institutions of the count
to ie lit have had point and coact ' in.t e ....
, annual exhibi-
poverty of invention when carried
tion. This forinto al. formal parade of verbalh host,
instance argues
ty, this speech
tk ichout a result, this elaborate censure whicl:
risk a vote, this unqualified reprobationD t which
of the .. as '
does not dare
shrinks from all application to the future this
impeachments, ending in a nibble at papers pp srs to us to
roar about
he a very frivolous amusement in the leaders of ea
',ally that
professes to have on its side all the respectability of the
country, when they wind up their yearly campaign a Taiint a
Ministry, who, in the words of the Noble and Learns d Ses-
sional Reviewer, " are regarded by the people with L'ultred
and contempt."

That is well said. It is despicable is the Thries
to talk of impeachments, and not bring them ; to
boast of their power, and not dare to use it ; to bat,-
ger for office, and yet not have the courage to tak e
it. Whatever they may say of the Whigs, anj hh e
worse they say of them the more despicable do Hu

Tories appear, at least those who threaten and da re

not strike, those who bark and yet are afraid to.,
bite, plainly acknowledge the superiority of their
opponents. After castigating the Noble and
Learned Reviewer very handsomely, the writer no-
tices the benefits conferred by the Session, of which
it was not, he says, barren. He mentions the
'°Pelthir'Postagn—a measure, the results of which,.
social and oonunecial, will be felt more widely and
,qmore rapidly than' all the benefits conferred by the
Tories on the country from the year 1800 to the
year 1830. The Slave Trade Suppression Bill Lisa

much praise, and we shall probably return to

het eafter.

defeated the opposition of the Duke of WELLING-
TON. The Education grant, a trifle in pecuniary
amount, but of immense importance when consi-
dered as the first solemn recognition by the
State of the great principle of national education
without violence to religious opinion, constitutes
an era in the progress of enlightened and philoso-
phical legislation." Considering the difficulties by
which the Government was surrounded, consider-
ing, too, what former Sessions accomplished, and
that our preient demands are more founded on our
hopes than on past experience, we must admit that
something was done, and that it is " rather matter
of surprise that three such measures should have
been enacted, than that so many others have been
frustrated."
After a number of spirited observations on the
consequences of the accession of the Tories to
office, which we cordially recommend to those who,
whether real Conservatives or Chartists, have been
promoting this object, the Reviewer notices the ob-
stacles to legislative business, and properly includes
amongst them the great number of persons of whom
the House of Commons consists. " A hundred
men of common sense," he remarks, " will get
through their work quicker than six hundred sages."
Certainly, that is true ; and as long as legislation
consists of such a multiplicity of details as at present
—extending to such an immense variety of
minute objects, the sphere of the Legislator's ope-
rations extending every day—it will be hopeless to
expect during any Session that more business will
be done than was done last Session. Nevertheless,
the Reviewer does not advocate a reduction of the
number of Members, and proposes to keep them
to the full, as constituting a sympathy with the con-
stituencies, and " giving popular life to the House
of Commons and vigour to its debates." In short,
the Reviewer defends the present number, because
it renders the House unfit for calm legislation ;
which can only be carried on after the bulk of the
Members have retired, in which the Whig Reviewer
does not differ from the despots who contend that
popular assemblies are wholly useless to make
laws. Between the two prevalent opinions of very
minute laws being necessary, and that a popular
legislative assembly is the only safeguard of liberty,
and this also now prevalent opinion that such an
assembly cannot possibly carry on the business of
legislation, we do not see our way. Neither, we
believe, does the Reviewer ; but, like other men, he
takes things as he finds them, and he trusts to the
future to find a solution for its own difficulties.
Of the deeds of the Whigs, he says—
" They have now, under two Cabinets, been in power
nine years. You say they have been vacillating and in-
efficient, and we do not ask you to match what they have
done in nine years with the acts of any one previous Ad-
ministration, the strongest and most vigorous, command-
ing all the powers of the Commons, the Lords, the Throne,
and the Press ; but we ask whether all the Cabinets from
1688 to 1830, have effected so much ? In the first three
or four years, under Lord Grey, they carried the Reform
Bill, under what obstacles we need not say, the Act for
the Abolition of Slavery, the East India Charter, the open-
ing of the China trade, the Bank Charter Bill, including a
partial repeal of the Usury-laws, and regulations for the im-
provement of Joint Stock Companies;—in foreign policy, the
settlement of the great European questions, which esta-
blished the thrones of Greece, Portugal, and Belgium ; the
English Corporation, the Scotch Burgh Reform, the English
Poor-law, the consolidation into one volume of the com-
mercial laws of the empire ; the law that applies the prin-
ciples of bonding to the manufacture of sugar: the removal
of the prohibition on raw silk from France, various im.
provements in the laws (not indeed so extensive as could
be wished, and leaving much to be done, but comprising
at least in the Limitations for Actions Bill, a reform that has
justly been called the most sweeping cbange made in the
laws for half a certury) ;—all these, a single one of which
wowd have immortalized a Tory Government, were among
the earliest achievements of this inefficient Whig Adminis-
tration. During this time was no relief afforded to the
people ?"

We shall look at this latter question on a future
day. The catalogue of the changes already effected
is enough to terrify the. Conservatives, and almost
to make Lord ELDON turn in his grave; yet no
man can say that more has been done than was ne-
cessary (and the Reviewer has omitted the very
important Acts concerning Registration and Mar-
riage), or that more does not remain to be done
than has already been performed. It is a striking
fact, not alone in the history of Englishmen, but in
' Ole history of mankind—a fact in the teeth of that
part of Mr. MALTHUS'S doctrine which represents
society as growing more and more clogged as it ad-
vances—it is, we say, a striking fact that society has
made a more rapid progress during the last fifty
years than at any previous fifty years in the history
of man. It is also true that every year the progress
of society becomes more and more accelerated. Ig-
_ _

norant of this very important fact the stupid Tories
persisted, as long as they possibly could, in with-
holding from the nation every reform in institutions
which were adapted to an ignorant and barbarous
age and people. The consequence is that the great
number of reforms, or something like them, men-
tioned by the Reviewer, became indispensible, and
great as is their number, they are only a few of those
which the advancing society will require, let who will

be Ministers. As a judicious and eloquent defence
of the Whigs the article we have noticed deserves

The settlement of the Eastern question continues
to occupy the attention of French statesmen and
politicians, almost to the exclusion of everything
else. A thousand conflicting rumours are afloat ;
and as they all rest on the confidential whispers of
this or that diplomatist, Cabinet Minister, or court
favourite, they are all received as gospel truths by
the adherents and organs of the party who has
communicated such precious crumbs of hidden
knowledge, and form the basis of a thousand
chimerical speculations. According to one Pari-
sian correspondent, the French Government has
received despatches from London, stating that since
the arrival of M. DE BRUNOW in this capital, he
has succeeded in removing every point of dispute
between the British and Russian Governments.
The smooth-tongued Russian diplomatist is even
said to have convinced Lord PALMERSTON of the
necessity for Russian interference on behalf of the
Porte, should IVIEHEMET ALI proceed to extremi-
ties, and also obtained his Lordship's consent for ex-
pediting a Russian army to Constantinople, should

We were not aware yesterday when we stated
hat Admiral FLEMING, having served long and
well without having obtained any honours, was
mole to be pitied than blamed, how strictly true was
our statement. The writer of the letter, signed
" BENBow," which we copied yesterday from the
Times, sneeringly said Admiral FLEMING once
saw a partial action, having commanded the Egyp-
tienne, 50-gun frigate, in Sir ROBERT CALDER'S
affair off Ferrol. His services with Sir ROBERT
CALDER were arduous, and it was not his fault that
the Admiral was not a perfect fire-eater. A court-
martial did not wholly acquit Sir ROBERT CAL-
DER, but it breathed no suspicion against the then
Captain FLEMING. On that occasion, however,
he was serving in a disabled ship. The Egyptienne
had lost her mizen-mast some days before, and hat
a jury-mast rigged. He was extremely unfortu-
nate, too, a few months afterwards. He was de-
tained on shore to give evidence on Sir ROBERT
CALDER'S trial; his ship was sent to sea under an
Acting-Captain, and, in company with the Loire,
captured the Libre, a French frigate. That was
done by his ship, the crew of which was disciplined
under his command, but he was denied the pleasure,
by no fault of his own, of being present at the cap-
ture. We cannot at present say any thing of the
services of the Gallant Admiral subsequent to 1805,
for the same reason, probably, as so many other
gallant and brave men were heard of no more, that
the fleets of the enemy were in that year annihi-
lated. Our Navy had destroyed the means of ga-
thering future glory.
Looking back at the list we yesterday copied
from the Times, let us ask how many of those Ad-
mirals it prefers to Admiral FLEMING, are either
fit for or would accept his office ? Admiral WHIT..
SHED has not been employed, we believe, for nearly
thirty years, and must be, we presume, too old a
man to fulfil the duties of the office. If the same
be not strictly true of Admiral MARTIN, he too
must be a very old man, and would scarcely resign
the office of Vice-Admiral of Great Britain for the
appointment. He has seen, we believe, more ciril
service than service afloat for the last thirty years.
Of the once gallant Sir H. TROLLOPE nothing
has been heard in the Navy, we believe, for forty
years. Sir GRAHAM MOORE has equal claims
with Admiral FLEMING, but his services have not
;one without their reward. Sir SYDNEY SMITH,
a name so highly honoured in former days, has not
bt en heard of in active service subsequent, we be-
lie.% re, to 1810, and every person the least ac-
tin:, inted with that Gallant Officer's character and
la tt e.r history must be convinced, however descry-
,,g he may be of honour and rewards, that there
-
would be some danger in placing Greenwich Hos-

IB RA HIM make a step in advance. The above is,
in substance, the statement of the correspondent of
the Times, but the correspondent of the Chronicle
asserts directly the reverse. " The general rumour
in diplomatic circles here," writes the caterer of poli-
tical secrets for the Chronicle "is that the mission
of M. DE BRUNOW to London has failed, and that
his proposals to the British Government have been
rejected." The truth of this rumour the Chronicle
" doubts exceedingly ;" adding as a reason--" We
believe that upon the question to which it is under-
stood M. DE BRUN OW'S mission applied, the best
understanding exists between the British and Rus-
sian Governments—indeed, amongst all the Euro-
pean powers except France. As to this rejection
of M. DE BRIJ NOW'S proposals,' it is doubtful
whether he had any specific proposals' to make.
The utmost success of his mission, we shonad sup-
pose, would consist in his convincing the British
Cabinet of the good faith and sincerity of his Go-
vernment ; and there is not, we apprehend, any dis-
position to doubt either."

From this it is to be inferred that M. DE BRU-
Now's mission has, in the belief of the Chronicle
been successful ; but the Chronicle does n of state
the precise object of that mission, nor do we believe
that it could do so if it were inclined. Tftiere is,
however, something very remarkable in the Chro-
nicle's assumption of the fact, that there is in this
country no disposition to doubt either the good faith
or sincerity of Russia. How long is it s,ince the
Chronicle itself ceased to doubt the good faith of
Russia ? Is it a year, a quarter, a monen, or even
a week ? No, it is only since Thursday Past, or
rather since yesterday. But the Chront'cle, as
a matter of course, cannot praise Russia. with-
out going out of its way to have a fling
at France. At all events," observes our Con-
temporary, with equal bad policy and bad taste; , it

pital under his orders. Of many of the names
mentioned in the Times, no trace remains on our
memory, though tolerably familiar with the naval
history of our country. We may, however, say
that Sir SYDNEY SMITH, Admiral STOPEORD—
who was promoted as early and as quickly, we be-
lieve, as Admiral FLEMING—and Sir GEORGE
COCKBURN have other appointments besides their
commission as Admiral, so that they are already
rewarded. In truth, without being so fortunate as
to have splendid services to boast of, Admiral
FLEMING is really as deserving of the appoint-
ment as almost any other person mentioned in the
Times.

is difficult to suppose that at this moment the pro-
posals of any Government would be rejected by
England merely as a concession to France,' for as
such, we are informed, it is regarded in Paris."
France has given us some reason of late to ques-
tion the sincerity of her friendly professions ; but
certainly none as yet that would justify us in the
eyes of Liberal Europe in exchanging her alliance
for that of the Imperial Autocrat of all the Russias.
Throughout the whole extent of the British empire we
do not believe that there is one enlightened individual
who has the slightest confidence either in the good
faith or.the sincerity of Russian negociations for the
settlement of the Eastern question. All the world
knows that her ultimate aim is to get possession of
Constantinople, and that to secure this darling ob-
ject of her ambition, there is no faith which she
would not violate. We profess to know very little
about the ultimate determination of Lord PAL-
MERSTON'S policy; but we are confident that the
scheme of constituting Russia sole guardian of Con-
stantinople forms no part of it.
There is very little domestic news of interest in
the Paris Journals of Thursday. What little
there is will be found scattered over the following

To show the lying party spirit with which Admi-
ral FLEMING, is maligned we will notice what the
Standard says. It quoted the day before yester-
day the Times article, in which the services of Ad-
miral FLEMING in the Egyptienne were men-
tioned : it said last night that he had served in the
Berwick, and, in the same paragraph, it added that he
had confessedly seen no service. Our Contemporary
is so accustomed to say the thing that is not, that it
cannot preserve the semblance of truth for two sen-
tences. In the same spirit, too, while the malignant
diligence of the Times and its Correspondents could
hunt up just seventeen persons more deserving of
the appointment than Admiral FLEMING, the
Standard declares that "he is preferred to hundreds
of active, intelligent, and gallant veterans." Why,
there is not half the number who could by any pos-
sibility urge the smallest pretensions to the appoint-
ment. We will not refer to the rhodomontade of
the Times yesterday on the subject, further than to
say that the most charitable construction we can
put on it is, that the writer was for the moment out
of his senses.

extracts :
" Extract of a letter from St. Petersburg, quoted by
the Commerce : Various changes will, it is said, shortly
be made among our Ambassadors and Foreign Ministers.
General Count de Witt, who has been permitted to resign
his command of the military colonies of the Ukraine, has,
we believe, been appointed Ambassador at London, unless
Count Pahlen, the Ambassador in France, should persist
in his desire to return to active service in the army, in
which case Count de Witt will go to Paris, and the Em-
bassy of London will be given either to Count Woronzow,
now Governor-General of Lesser Russia. or to Count
Strogonoff. It is expected that Count Pahlen, on re-
turning to the service, will fix his eye on the Governor-
Generalship of Poland, in case Marshal Paskevitch should
be removed to the command of the army of the South.
The Emperor has named General Nikitine Commander-
in- Chief of the military colonies, in the room of General
de Witt, and also entrusted to him the command of all the
troops cantoned in that country, and which form the re-
serve of the army of the South. General Nikitine is
esteemed to be one of the best tacticians in the Russian
army.' "
The Commerce states, that " the Legitimatist party in
France is labouring to obtain, on any conditions, permis-
sion for Don Carlos to quit France, with a view to convey
him to Catalonia, and continue the war under the auspices
of Cabrera." The French Ministry had hitherto declined
attending to their solicitations, but " the King, beset as he
has been of late by Count D'Appony and other northern
diplomatists, may ultimately acquiesce in their demands,
and permit the Prince to leave the kingdom." A new
Council for Don Carlos was in progress of organization
under the Presidency of M. Ramirez de la Piscine, his
former Minister for Foreign Affairs. The journey of the
Infante Don Sebastian to Naples was believed to have no
other object than " to stimulate the zeal and charity of the
Italian Princes."

We have received a file of Bombay Papers to
the 30th of July inclusive. A conspiracy had been
discovered at Poonah to murder all the Europeans
resident there, and to restore the Mahratta Go-
vernment. Fortunately, it was made known to the
authorities in time to prevent it from being carried
into effect, otherwise the massacre would have been
dreadful.

A report had reached Calcutta from Canton that
LIN, the Chinese Imperial Commissioner, had de-
clared that as soon as the whole of the opium should
be given up, the Chinese Government would pay for
it at the rate of five hundred dollars per chest.
" Whether, this declaration," says the Bombay
Times, " refers to the stock on hand in India, as
well as the growing crop, we have not heard, but we
should think the whole ought to be included, as the
cultivation here and the accumulation of stock,
has been entirely owing to the tacit consent given
to the trade for so many years by the Chinese
authorities." Such reasoning as this will be sure to
pass current with the poppy cultivators, but we
rather doubt that it will not appear quite so conclu-
sive to the Chinese Govormnent. The latest ac-
counts from Canton are of the 9th of May.
The Singapore Press states, that the account re-
ceived by the Nymph, from Canton, do not cor-
roborate the intelligence previously received, of the
intention of Captain ELLIOTT, to prevent the ac-
cess of British shipping to Wampoa, but that the
Superintendent has promised to address such a letter

Letters received in the course of the day announce an
increase in the illness of Mehemet Ali, which appeared to
be more serious than was at first believed. It was added
that a quarrel was on the point of breaking out between
Ibrahim Pacha and Soliman Selves. It is said that an
attempt had been made to poison the latter.
This news has caused a great sensation on account of the
influence it may have on the solution of the Eastern ques-
tion.

The Courrier du Bas Rhin, a Strasburg Journal has the
following article :—A letter from Carlsruhe informs us
that the project of erecting a federal fortress at Rastadt on
the banks of the Rhine is again seriously contemplated.
It may be remembered that this project was spoken of two
years ago; it was supposed to have been given
up; but it seems that this is not the case,
and that the intervening time has been employed
in preparing and discussing the plans. Prince Met.
ternich, who is now at his seat at Johannisburgh,
near Mayence, will doubtless find time and a pre-
text to ascend the Rhine as far as Rastadt, and to examine
in person the site of the new fortress. This project of the
Princes of the Confederation, or rather of Austria and
Prussia, has always appeared to us, from the time it was
first spoken of, as nothing more than a new threat against
the French Revolution. If Rastadt, said we, becomes a
federal fortress it is an arsenal, an advanced post against
France, which Austria and Prussia prepare against our very
gates, a pretext which these two Powers continue, in
order to place a garrison in the Grand Duchy of Baden,
to assemble at their ease an army in sight of France,
which is separated from Rastadt by the Rhine, within
a few leagues of Strasburg, which is the key of
France on that part of our frontiers, Prnssia
is not content with having involved the Grand
Duchy of Baden in its commercial league, and thus chained
it to its own destiny, as connected with its own manufac-
tures and commerce ; it aims likewise at the military occu-
pation of it, in order to deprive it of all liberty of action--
to stifle every desire that might nate it inclinA to Fsance.
We now see the rrussian uustom- ouse officers at ts.eph ;
we shall soon see Austrian grenadiers at Rastadt.
If Austria and Prussia think fit, Rastadt will be con-
verted into a federal fortress, and the French Government,
which has not dared, since the year 1830, to rebuild the
walls of Huningen on the French territory, will still less
object to the Diet's causing a federal fortress to be built on
the German territory.
As for the Government of Baden, it will submit to the
demands of the Diet ; for it knows, by fatal experience,
that its resistance would not meet with any support from
the French Government; and it remembers that when, in
1832, it (the Baden Government) was inclined to join with
the Chamber of Baden, to resist the Diet and maintain the
liberty of the press, if it might depend on France, the
French Ministry informed it that it had nothing to expect
from them.—Le Temps.
BOURSE.'—PARIS, THURSDAY, OCT. 10.

to the Canton authorities before leaving the country,
as will make the factories too hot to hold any British
subject, or indeed any other foreigner. The Siamese
are following the example of the Chinese and are
seizing and confiscating opium, and fulminating
edicts to purify the land of the baneful drug.
They also threatened to invade the state of Calan-
tan. The French ship, Denise, Captain THIBOUT,
was treacherously attacked by a body of Malays,
at the port of Soosoo, on the West Coast of Su-
matra, by whom the Captain was slain, and the
vessel plundered.
(From the Canton Register, May 7.)
PROCEEDINGS OF THE IMPERIAL COM-

MLS-S lONE R.
We have been told the Chinese servants of the Portu-
guese at Macao have-been ordered by the Kenuminfoo to
leave their employers.
It appears that the espionage on the passage boats is to
be strictly observed, for a shelter from the weather leas
been erected upon that favourite evening resort of foreignen
yclep'd Jackass Point. A pointed rudeness was observable in
the demeanor of the officers and linguists .to the party of fo-
reigners which first embarked. We have been told the
reading the muster roll of the names of the first departing
batch occasioned much merriment ; the Kwang-heep him-
self appearing to enjoy the fun of the scene.
DEATH OF MOWQUA, THE HONG MER-
CHANT.
We record, with deep regret, the death of that very re-
spectable hong merchant, Mowqua , he died last night at
seven. 1

first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents 1:0 5) ... 110 55 ... 110 45 ... 110 50
4 per Cents lOl 40 ... 101 40 ... 101 40 ... 101 40
3 per Cents Bl 55 ... 81 60 ... 81 55 .. 81 55
Bank of trance 2820 ...28.0 ...2820 ....VW
Laffitte Bank I,ooof. Sh 1057 50 ...105'7 50 ...1055 ...1055
5,000 f. Sh 5215 ...5210 —.5210 ...5210
Oelglan 5 per Cents lOl% ~. 101% ... 101% ... 101%
Bank 770 ... 770 ... 767 50 ... 767 50
Caupons
Spanish Active 31% ... 31;,, ... 31% ... 31%
Passive 8 ... 81,4 ... 8 ... 8,
New Of ferret
... 144
.
Old Deferred ti% ... 8
.. 8% . 8%
Portuguese 3 per Cents
—' ••• 25 ... 25 ... 251 f,
5 per Cents 35 ... 35 ... 33 ... 35
Neapolitan
..._.

For some time past he bad been suffering from a tu-
mour ; which had been formed in his abdomen, and was
most probably induced by his long night watcbings before
the gate of the British Consulate.
Unhappily for himself and his friends, both native and
foreign, he declined with the usual regretted prejudices of
a Chinese, the attendance of Dr. Cox or Dr. Parker.
We believe Mowqua stood higher in the general estima-
tion of foreigners than any other of the Cohong. His age
was about 54.

Itornan ltn% ~. 103% ... 103%

103%

RAILWAY SHARES.
',St. Germain
Versailles, R. B 517 30 ... 517 50 ... 517 50 ,„. 517 50
LB. 295 ... 297 50 ... 295 ... 205
1191 25 ... 991 25 991 25 .- 991 25
__„......,

Havre

Zlulhausen to Thann 382 80 ... 3i2 382 50 ... 382 50
AUSTRIAN_ FUNDS.—Vintivs, OCT 1.

Five per Cents. Metalliques

_
•
Fostr per Cents.
Three per Cents.
13eink Shares 1533
—Allzemeine Zettung, Oct. 6.

WEST INDIA AND COLONIAL

PAPERS.

(From Jamaica Papers, received to Bth September.)
" We understand that Government will not come to
:any determination with regard to the Stipendiary Ma-
gistrates, until Sir Charles Metcalf shall have reported
what change he deems it advisable should be made in
-that eepartment.

" His Excellency the Governor has issued a procla-
Trt.ation, dated the 4th instant, proroguing the House of
Assembly to the 24th."

The Bermuda Gazette, of the 13th August, states
that the fifth anniversary of the emancipation from slavery
of the coloured people, throughout the West India
portion of the British dominions, was celebrated in
these. islands on Thursday, the Ist of August. This
memorable event has passed in Bermuda with the ut-
most harmony and good feeling.
We have received Trinidad papers to 31st Aug. :
TRINIDA.D.—The Standard of the 2d ult. furnishes
the following information :—" With the past month of
June has terminated the sugar crop for the season, the
dry weather continued up to the 12th, when the first
lbeavy rains began.
There has not yet been time to ascertain with what
sort of steadiness the labourers will turn to the azri-
cultural operations of a sugar estate, and there is some
slight anxiety upon the subject."
CONDUCT OF THE LABOURERS.—The Mercury in-
forms us that—" In perusing the returns of cases heard
and determined before the Stipendiary Justices for the
last quarter, ending the 20th of June, it is satisfactory
to notice how comparatively few and trifling they are for
Eastern districts.

from this island to certain periods in the past and pre-
sent year, show a great falling off. The quantity for
1839 is stated to be no more than half of that for
1838.

We regret to perceive that the prospects of the is-
land of Barbadoes are not so cheering as we could have
desired. Complaints are made relative to the neglect
in cultivating articles of food, and the peasantry have
shown much less indisposition to labour than formerly.
BRITISH GUIANA.—From this colony we have re-
ceived files of the Royal Gazette to the 6th inst. The
labouring population are working in a very desultory
manner. There is a deficiency of sugar to the amount
of 10,500 hogsheads.

We have received New Brunswick papers to the
15th of September. From the Fredericton paper of the
10th of September we extract the following :
" This afternoon the Legislature assembled, pursuant
to proclamation, and at two o'clock the Lieutenant-Go-
verner proceeded in state to the Province Building,
and opened the Session with a Speech. The following
is the most important paragraph it contains—' It only
remains for me to renew to you the assurance of my
sincere desire to co-operate with you upon this and
upon every other occasion in devising and maturing such
measures as may tend to promote the general satisfac-
tion and prosperity of the inhabitants of this Royal
Pro v ince."

By the Halifax mail we have received papers to the
24th of September :

WOODSTOCK, AUG. 21.—The Boundary Commis-
sioners arrived here from head-quarters on Monday last,
and on the same day departed for the disputed terri-
tory. We understand that they will commence their
explorations on the west bank of St. John's, somewhere
in the vicinity of the Grand Fall.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Our arrivals this morning are a French mail ; also a
mail from Jamaica, by the Tyrion—sailed from St.
Thomas 6th September, Cape Henri 11th September ;
a mail from Halifax, by the Reindeer—sailed, 24th
September ; and ship letters from New York, by the
Gladiator, old date, 20th September.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, FRlDAY.—Although
prices of American descriptions have been tolerably
steady, attributed to the unusually large demand for
export, and some improvement in the aspect of money
matters, the demand is being met freely, and the unsatis-
factory accounts which we still receive from the manufac-
turing districts, subject the market to continued flat-
ness. No change in the prices of India or Sea Islands.
Brazil, owing to the limited supply, and Egyptians go
off at very full prices. Exporters have taken 7,700
bales of American, 70 Surat, and 50 Pernams ; and
speculators 1,000 bales of American. The sales to-
day are about 4,000 bags of all kinds.

An official return of the exports of bullion states as
follows :—From the 3d to the 9th inst. inclusive, Gold
in bars has been exported to the amount of 4,227
ounces ; in coin to the amount of 4,050 ounces ; and
silver in coin to the amount of 241,768 ounces.

We are glad to be enabled to quote a material im-
provement in the condition of the Foreign Exchanges yes-
terday afternoon. The advance in the rate on Paris was
to 25f. 65c. to 25f. 70c. ; on Hamburg to 13 10.1 to
13 11 ; on Amsterdam to 12 4i- ; on Frankfort to 1501
151 ; and on Antwerp to 12 3i to 12 34. The rise in
the Exchanges brightened the appearance of commer-
cial matters in the City.

It was positively asserted yesterday that Mr. Jaudon
had completed his arrangements with the principal
holders of the United States Bank Post Notes.
THE FUNDS.

Consols opened this morning at 90i for Money ; for
the November Account, 91i I-. Exchequer Bills, 2
discount ; in India Bonds nothing done ; Bank Stock,
181 182 ; India ditto, 246 248.
_ .

In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active 31i i ; Por-
tuguese, 371 i ; Colombian, 331 34 ; Mexican, 323-
33 ; Brazilian, 721 73} ; Dutch Two-and-Half per
Cents, 533 j-; Five per Cents., 1004 1011.
PRICES Ok' STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock
S per Cent. Red. 89% 34: Ditto Bonds -
3 per Cent. Cons. 90% South Sea Stock —
Si,, per Cent. — Old Annuities B7l
Ditto Red. ............ ......, ... New Ditto
New 3% per Cent (17% 4 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
New 5 per Cent. 98% % Exch. Bills, £1,000... 2 dis.
Bank Long Annuities to expi re Ditto 500... 1 dis.
Jan. 5, 1860. — Ditto Small 4 6 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859
Jan. 5, 1860 14% Ditto Advertised ...... -- Pin.
Jan. 5, 1880 — Bank Stock for Account ... 1954
April 5, 1880. lndia Stock for Account ... 247
Jan. 5.1870 — Consos for Account 90%
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds ' Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian i Bonds — Ditto Account.
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account — Ditto Acc.un'
.37%%
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account —; Ditto Account 25%4
Chilian Bonds -
r....121.444Miiid5--- -—; -- Vitra -NBB6linin) .......-. =
Ditto Account i Ditto Metallic —
Columbian Bonds, 1824. ... —i Spanish Bonds 31%4
Ditto Account 334 3' 3) Ditto Account. 5114
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account ' Deferred 1414 %
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent. —f. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 . --- 4 per cent.
Ditto Account i --- 3 per cent. —l. —c.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent — --- Exchange. —l. —c.
Ditto Account ' Dutch, 214 per cent. 53%
Ditto, 6 per Cent —.(l Ditto Account 5344
Ditto Account
Neapolitan I Ditto Account"...

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, YESTERDAY.
Amsterdam ....... ...... C.F. 12 7 !Gibraltar 4B
thtlo, at sight
Rotterdam 2U. 12 'i% ; Genoa .. 25 80
Antwerp...
Hamburg.... M.B l3 13%, Venice
Altona
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 50 Palermo per oz. 1203¢
Ditto... .. . ........... 3 Ms. 25 75 Lisbon 58%
Marseilles
Bourdeaux
Frankfort on Maine, Ex.M. 1514 Bahia 27
Petersbuigh, ruble... 3 Us. 38 Buenos Ayres
Berlin
Vienna, effective 8...3 M 10 7 Philadelphia 46
Trieste...ditto lO 8 PRICE OF BULLION, per OZ.
Madrid 363{ Portugal Gold, c0m.....i0 0 0
Cadiz.... 36% Foreign Gold, in bare... 317 103{
Gilboa 36 New Doubloons ..... ..... 0 0 0
Barcelona 26 New Dollars 0 4 10%
Eeville 36 Silver in Bars 0 5 0%
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, OCTOBER 10.
3 per Cent. Consols
3 per Cent. Stock
Ditto Reduced -
Ditto New, 1830 ...... ... 97% City of Dublin Steam Comp. -
3y, per Cent. Debentures... 90% National Insurance Company -
Bank Stock - City Debentures, 4 per cent. -
Grand Canal Stock - Ballast Office Debentures, 4 -
Royal Canal Stock -
.11ALEPAS7' ONE.

It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the terms
on which the stock of the United States Bank, gua-
ranteed by other States stock, is to be at 94, and the
dates of payment are fixed for April 1841 and April
1842, in equal proportions, the interest payable half-
yearly, which pay the subscribers at the rate of 81- to
9 per cent. per annum.

Caraccas Papers to the ith August have been re.
ceived at Jamaica. They notice the appointment o
Dr. Fortescue as Minister Plenipotentiary at the Bri.
tish Court,

We copy the following from the Halifax Papers o
.he 233 September :

" FREDERICTON, SEPT. 14.
" There are some accounts in town of Ithe disturb-
ances near Aroostook. A party of lumbermen having
possessed themselves of arms with which they intended
to attack Fort Fairfield, but having been discovered
by the sent:nel, who fired, they retired without com-
mitting any depredations. Mr. Saunders, one of the
Crown officers, has proceeded up the river to investigate
the affair. It may not be generally known, that the
Americans have retained possession of the Fort, which
they established there last winter, notwithstanding the
arrangement entered into with General Scott, and the
inhabitants of the provinces, who may attempt to land
there, are repelled at the point of the bayonet. The
fire spot has already different erections, several parties
have contracted for the building of brick stores."

Saturdays in general are slack, both for speculating
in the funds and commercial transactions, thus it appears
this morning, for very little is doing either in'the British
or Foreign markets.
The private letters received by the Jamaica mail are
rather of a more favourable description than by the last
accounts. They state that the labourers arc more dis-
posed to work and pay their rents.
Next Monday is anxiously looked for, both for the
arrival of the British Queen steamer from New York
with specie, as well as the payment of the dividends to
the public.
Consols have been Om during the morning at 90i
for the Account, Money 901 ; Exchequer Bills, 2
dis. ; Bank Stock, for the opening, 1854 ; India Stock,
246 247.

1 " The statement of the quantities of sugar shipped
from Trinidad up to the end of June, 1838 and
1839, shows a deficiency upon last year of 1,798
hogsheads, and looking at the quantity shipped in
1838, after the 30th of June, viz., 5,888, and taking,
as we believe we fairly may, the quantity now made
but not shipped at 4,000 hogsheads, the difference
(minus) between the crop of this and last year will
scarcely exceed 2,000 hogsheads ; it will, therefore,
fall short of an average crop (taken from an average of
the last sixteen years) of 8,000 hogsheads.
" The North side papers by the Post contain nothing
..._...,,,...._ -
of interest." DEAL, OCT. D.—Wind S.—Sailed the outward-bound.
FIRST OF AUGUST IN BARBADoEs,—It appears from LIVERPOOL, OCT. 11.—Wind S. E.—Arrived the Pirie,
solve cause or other, that the Governor of Barbadoes from Denier. Sailed the City of Poonah, Wilson, fer
omitted to publish a proclamation, declaring the first Bombay ; Arethusa, Christian, Arica ; Sis, Kendall, De-
o f August a holiday ; this gave mighty offence to the rnerara; Apollo, Jackson, Cayenne; Robert, Lawson,
liberal editor, who, it is said " blew up Sir Evan sky- Birbadoes ; Vleoner Henriette, Denkin, Porto Rico
high." Eleanor, M,Poerson, New Orleans ; Jaminend, Berland,
. ditto; Grace Reed, Charleston ; Richard Anderson, Lu.
ST. CHRISTOPHER.—The intelligence from this is-
cas, New York; and Zephyr, Senegal. Off port the
land is of a pleasing kind. The Advertiser of the Trafalgar, from Quebec.
30th of July, says, "We congratulate the colony upon FORTsmouiß, OCT. Il.—Wind E. S. E.—Arrived the
the moral, social, and political advances that have been Gladiator, Brittain, from New York.
made during the first year of freedom ;as well as upon PLYMOUTth OCT. 11—Wind S.—Arrived the Nautilus,
the extraordinary abundant crop that has been reaped. Peckford, from Quebec; Perseverance, Adams, Faro;
THE FIRST OF AUGUST.—The Gazette of the 2d sod Lord Aason, Malaga.
of August, gives a favourable report of the Island. FALMOUTa, OCT. 10.—Wind S.W., strong breezes and
M c)any of the labourers observed the First of August as 'q
ually.—A
In-
a holiday, whilst others betook themselves to their usual i
lies, sailed r(ived the Tyrian packet, from the West m
Cape Haitien the 11th September.
BRIDGEVATER, OCT. 6.—Arrived the Heinrick and
avocations on the estates- , Robert, Bergman, from Memel
DEMERARA.— Royal Gazette, 31st August :
Drumm OCT. .10,—Arriyed.the Lady Young, Taylor,
" About three o'clock yesterday morning a shock of an ' from Demerara; Juno, Fisher, St. John's, New Brunswick.
earthquake was felt by-many in this town." PENZ/O.Cg. OCT. 9.—Off port the Telemaque, Gild-
ST. LI/CU.—We see it mentioned in one of thr dons, from New Orleans.
papers, that a statement of sugar and coffee shipper DARTgOUTII, OCT. 1 0.--Off port Eleanor, Barbadoes.

In the Foreign Market Spanish Active reached 31i
at present rather lower, 318 ; Portuguese, 371; Three
per Cents., 251- ; Colombian, 33 ; Mexican, nothing
done ; Dutch Two-and•a-half per Cents, 534 ; Spanish
Passive, 8 ; Deferred, 141.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)
