WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY.

THE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
ES T IDIA DOCK COMPANY hereby give Notice,
that an W
EXTRAONRDINARY COURT, or GENERAL NI RET..
!NG, of the said COMPANY will be held at the WEST
IND[A, DOCK HOUSE, No. 8, Rilliter-square, un FRIDAY,
the 24th Instant, at One o'Clock in the Afternoon, for tho
Purpose of Choosing and Appointing a Director of the said
CuluPallY. (who must be a Member of the Common Council
of London), in the room of Samuel Thorp, Esq.teceased.
By Order of the Court,
• H. LONGLANDS, Sec.
West India Dock House, Jan. 10, 1823.
The Chair will be taken at Two o'Clock precisely.

/AN WEDNESDAY LAST, the STATE
N.... LOTTERY 6nilibed Drawing, when the following
Capitals were Shared and Sold by
T. BISH,
4, CORNHILL, and 9, CHARING-CROSS.
9,954
No. 603
10,858
• 17,648
No. 486 £soo 4,136 X2OO
1,480
9,882
. 6,147
8,591
13,308
12,624
5,190
12,072
16,413
18,41,7
18,549
No. 535
1,002
1,379
1,649
9,111

A NEW LOTTERY, of only
in Ono Day, 26th of NEXT J
uu sale at BISH'S Offices:

6,0001,c1:eh, to be All Drawn
MONTH (February), is now

ADVOWSON.

ANTED, to PURCHASE, the AD-
VOWSON of a LIVING of the Annual Value of
from 400° to £eoo, with an eligible Parsonage House, and
held at•present by a Young Incumbent.
Particulars to he sent (post paid) to Messrs. Pemberton,
Visite, and Hayward, Cambridge.

BEA MAU'S PATENT PM:CAULK PENS.
AVery inferior Imitation of this Popular and
Useful Invention having been introduced for Public
Sala, J. BRAMAH and SON, respectfully announce that
every Packet of their Genuine Pens is inclosed in a Paper
stamped with a fao simile of the Signatnie of the Inventor
"JOSEPH-. BRANIAEL"
The Patent Portable Pens continue to he Sold at the Ori..
ginal Warehouse, 124, PICCADILLY; and by most respect-
able Stationers.
N. B.—The Prices have been lately reduced.

--
TO MESSRS BROWELL AND CO.
London, Nov, 23, 1822.
received On board the SHIT
ECLIPSE (myself Master), on a Voyage to Jamaica
and back, Two New Topsails' a Mainsail, Foresail Main
and Mizen Staysails, made of Brown Canvas, which had un-.
dergone your ANTI-MILDEW PROCESS, I em happy to
report upon, the same. The,Topsails,.Foresad, and Staysails,
hive not the slightest appearance.of Mildew, and are much
improved in colour; but the Mainsail havigheen snore used, i
is out only perfectly free from Mildew, iiut s so much hn-
proved in colour, as to equal the Whitest Coker Canvas, and
retains a softness which makes it much more easy to furl. And
I ant decidedly of opinion, that any Canvas having undergone
your valuable Process is in every respect more useful and be-
, neticial than any other not prepared Canvas now in use.
JOHN T. HODGSON.

This Day was.publishe.l. in Bro. price 2s, Cd.
DIGEST of 58 Geo. 111. c. 45, for
.111. BUILDING and PROMOTING the BUILDING of
ADDITIONAL CHURCHES in Populous Parishes; 89 Geo.
c; 13.1. to Adiend and render more effectual the- lit Act;
and 3d Geo.AV. c. 72, to amend and render more effectual
both the Former. Acts.
•. By GEORGE BRAM WELL, of the Inner Temple,
Honorary Secretary to the Society for. Promoting the En-
largement and Building of Churches and Chapels.
The Consolidation and Classification of the Provisions of
the Three Acts into One Code, in which each Aot retains its
identity,. will greatly abridge the attention of the Reader,
:And present the suliject to his view much vimpll6ed.
Sold P. C. and J. Itivi St. P's Church-
anbdy 3, Waterloo-place, Pallngton!-Mall ; and.aul J. Hatchard
and Sun, 190, Piccadilly.

.
PARSONS' HOOPING COUGH POWDERS.
FEW Diseases have been found more perplex.
ing than the Hopping' Cough, and the Medicines
utu;illy 4tiministered, for this alarming Complaint having
pt(ived totally ineffectual, Mr. PARSONS is inditeed, after
several years esperience of its efficiCy, to offer his Medicine
tu the Public as a safe'atid certain Remedy.
The Patient will soon be relieved from that convulsive af..
feCfinn tettlied "looping; and by persevering Strictly accord-
ing to the Directions. two or three Packets have almost inva-
riably been found sufficient to effect a certain Cure. ft may
be administered with perfect safety to Children of the most
tendee age, as Well as to those at a more advanced period.
Prepared by Mr. parsons, Surgeon, West Mailing, Kent,
and sold in Packets, at is. 9d each, by Messrs. Butler, Cite-
'mists, No, 4, Cheapside, St. Paul's, and 220, Regent street,
(near the Argyle, Rooms), London ; 20, iVaterloo-place,
dinburgh ; and 34, Sackville-street, Dithlin, and by the
'Principal MedicineVenders throughout the United Kingdom.
N.B. Be careful to ask I'm- Parsons' 'looping Cough Pow.
der', and to observe the government Stamp has the words
" Buller, 4, Cheeptitle," engraved on it.

TURTLE.
MORRISON'S PRESERVED PORTABLE TURTLE.
Sent in Jars (hermetically sealed) to any part of the World,
and warranted to retain its good qualities for years. .
91111 prime E TURTLE in these Jars consists of the
• 11. parts of the Fish, killed in the West Indies, when
in the highest health and condition, and will be found to excel
• inriebness and flavour, the produce of the half-starved Animal,
hitherto used in , this Country, after a voyage of several.
months.
The Tua.Tt.r. will also be found infinitely cheaper than that
sold by the great Dealers,• not merely from the obvious dif-
ference n price, but from its consisting of nothing but pure
Turde, and no such refuse as 'White Meat, Tripe, or Liver.
To Parriiiies residing in the Country, and to Hotel and
Tavern Keepers, this Ttfari.e cannot but be a gredt venicnce, as alluding, at almost instant notice, the necessary
con-
supl*l.Y of exquisite Soup, without the waste and loss attendant
on dressing a whole Turtle. . •
Certificates of its excellence from Personages of the highest
distinction and beat taste may be seen ; but a single trial is
requested in preference, as more certain of insuring, appro.
batiori.
We be had Dressed or Undressed, at the rate of 10s. per
Quart Dreised, or Lis. 6d. per Quart Undressed ; which kat
• makes nearly three timss its own quantity of the fbrmer. The
Dressed requires only to be warmed up, and with the Un-
dressed a Receipt will be
given, any Cook may make
`v make
it into excellent Soup.
N. 11.—A liberal discount allowed to those who purchase to
Dress and Sell again, and to purchasers of a certain quantity.
FOR RRADY'MONEY ONLY.
. IYAREHOUSE,
a, CHARLOTTE ROW, MANSION HOUSE,
~-.------
LONDON.; '
nwailetemaysbe had, every day, fresh dressed Turtle n
use; and Portable Soups of all kinds ~
.Dressed for kMeats-
,
Fresh Salmon, Vegetables, ?ice.

READING ASSOCIATION
FOR PROCURING PURITY OF ELECTION.

'rho Anniversary Dinner of this excellent In-
stitution took place at the Crown Inn, Reading, on Thursday
last. Between fifty and sixty Gentlemen of the first respecta-
bility assembled on this occasion. The Chair was very ably
filled by James %Vheble, Esq. the deputy.chair, with equal
propriety, by T. Goodlake, Esq. Amongst the company
were observed C. F. Palmer, Esq. and J. 13..Motick, Esq.,
the Member far the Borough ; J. C. Hobhouse, Esq. ;_
Green, Esq. ; F. Craven, • ' H. Marsh, Esq.; C. Hall,
Esq. • Rigby. Esq., &c. Sir F. Burdett would, we under-
stand, have been present; but the sudden illness of one of his
daughters prevented him.
Soon after five o'clock, the company sat down to a substan-
tial dinner.

When the important dutieiof the table had been dispatched,
and justice had been done to the usual toasts of " The Mpg,"
" The other branches of the Royal Family," " The Wooden
Walls of Old England," and " The Army,"

The SECRETARY proceeded to read the constitution-0 the
Association, in order, as the CHAIRMAN observed, that the
old members might keep in mind the principles which they had
promised to support, and the new ones might be made ac.
quainted with the course which they were expected to follow.
The-object of the society as set forth in its constitution, is to
guard against the exercise of undue and illegal influence in the
election of members to represent the borough in Parliament.—
For this purpose a considerable sum of money has been raised
by subscription, out of which the society propose to afford
compensation to any elector, -without regard to his political
principles, whose interestenay have suffered in consequence of
his having voted in oppositien to the wishes of those by whom
he was employed in trade, or with whom he happened to be,
in any other way, beneficially connected.
Mr. GREEN. in the absence of the Treasurer, then read a
report of the stite, of the Society's funds, which was extremely
satisfactory. In the course of the last year 13 new Members
have been admitted. •
On the motion of Mr. F. PALMERI Mr. Green read a letter
which the former gentleman had received from John Walter.,
Esq., of Bear-wood, near 'Reading, apologizing for his ab-
sence from the dinner on. account of indisposition, which ren.
dered him unable to take part in a public meeting. He warmly
approved of the political object which the Society had in view,
and promised to appear amongst them on some future occa.
Rion. He at present requested to be enrolled as a 501. sub.
scriber, and declared his readiness to go farther, if it were
thought necessary. (This letter was received with great ap.
plause.)
On the motion of Mr. Green, it was resolved that the Chair.
man should• draw up a handsome acknowledgment to oar.
,Walker for his liberal conduct on becoming a member of the
Association, and that the same should be communicated to
.him by Mr. F. Palmer, to whom the letter was written.
The CHAT R )IAI4 stated. that he had received er letter from
Francis Cholmondeley, Esq. of tiransby, Yorkshire, a gen-
tleman who possessed considerable estates in the northern coun.
ties, as well as in the neighbourhood of Reaing. He not only
inherited the remainder of property of the Englefield farm.
ly, but much, of the talent which his uncle the late Sir Henry .
Eeglefield possessed.
The-letter set forth, that the writer was so much engaged
with the preparation•for the York county meeting, on the sub-
ject of Parliamenttuy Reform, which would take plaee on the
22d instant, that he had not been able. to answer, at an caller
'period, the application that had been made to him. He should
feel honoured in becoming a member of the Association, of
the principles of which he entirely approved. Indeed, he
thought , if such associations were general, their labours for
reform in Yorkshire would be much
.leseeahan theee now were.
As to the subscriptioni, he left it entirely to his correspond.
eat (Mr. Wheble), and was ready to lay down the 'necessary
sum for. admission: . .
It was resolved, that the Chairman should prepare. a suitable
answer to this letter, and that lie -should transmit It to 'Mr.
Cliolmondeley. . .
The Cueiamax then rose and saide that the Gentlemen
present having heard the flattering report of the state of their
finances, and. having' also beard the Resolutions on which the
association was . founded, he would now proceed to the leas
formal business of the evening. Could it, he asked, be ne-
cessary, canvassed as the society wts out doors--admired as
it was in their hearts, by many who :were not connected with
it—supported as it was ley„the ealents and character of several
new and distinguished leferebefs, some of whom he saw around
him-could it be necessary for him to expatiate on the benefits
which must arise from the labours of such an institution ; or to
point out the advantages which must emanate from an, exten.
shin of theprinCiples on which it was founded ?e-(Applause.)
Well might ihefriends of corruption cry out against such a
body: they wertehataful to his sight, they were loathsome to
his feelings. Bin, strange indeed would it be, if persons who
well knew the 'nature of the association, if persons who were
connected with that Borough turned round, and misrepresented
them. Were there indeed suclepersons ? Ile would only sey,
that there should not be such. ilut let those who entertained
those false and perverted views visit them at Reading.--(Ap.
plause.)—A rural ride might perhaps open their eyes,, and un-
deceive them. Such a ridelualiad that effect on a writer of great
force and ability. He denied that they were " a rump"—lie
disclaimed the vile appellation.--e(Applause.)—They were not
hypocrites, having purity and freedom of election on their
tongues, while bribery and corruption were lurking within their
breasts.—(Applause.)—They were incapable of such base du.
plicity. They were not visionary demagogues, seeking atter
that which was unattainable. They were no; the blind parti.
sans of any man, anxious to support him under all circum.
stances, at all risks, and at all hazards.—(Applause.)—In the
presence of the Member for Reading—thome consistent, atten.
tive, laborious,; and indefatigable Members—(Loud cheering,)
-..in their presence he would repeat, that they were not the as-
sociated partisans of Mr. A., Mr. 8., and Mr. C.—(Ap-
plause.)—Party designations were unknown to them. Their
principles were too liberal to be hemmed in and circumscribed
by the bounds of party.--(Applause:)—Their doors were
thrown open to all. rlehe portals of their edifice embraced the
whole of the united kingdom. Its pillars were Truth and
Justice, and Purity of Election wasemblazoned on its entabla-
ture.—(Applauee.)—Conscious in the integrity of their motives,
they were thus prepared to throw an regis around the poor
Reading voter, which would effectually protect him from the
shafts of undue influence—an ieges, behind tee bulwark of
whose ample folds he might exercise uncontrolled his greatest
privilege—the elective franchim—(Applause.)--Ahhough at
present the efforts of the association were local, they hoped in
time to give much greater extension to their views—they hoped
to see other counties, inspirited by their aid anti example, send.
ing clean-handed Members to Parliament, till, as pile after pile
was driven, an efficient barrier would be formed against the
overwhelming surge of' corruption which now threatened to
overthrow the last remaining bulwarks of popular rights.—
(Applause.)—Nor was it a vain thought that the principles on
which they acted, travelling through the country, and gathering
strength and force as they proceeded, would become a nucleus
from which would ultimately emanate a pure and liberal system
of nolleer—(Applause)—suai a system as would prevent the
powerful from acquiring that improper influence which was
mentioned with approbation in slate unworthy speech delivered
at Liverpool.(Applausm—an influence, which, if not checked,
must end in the slavery of the people, and produce anarchy,
confusion, and irremediable rum.—(Applause.)—To prevent
the occurrence of such evils; was, he conceived, the object of
that association—and .it was a noble object. He therefore
begged leave to propose, " Permanence, increase, and Pros-
perity, to this Institution." The toast was drank with neck-
nation.
The CHAIRMAN next gaveee" An efficient Reform in the
Commons House of Parliament,"
The VicE-Pnt airttsr said, be was Perfectly well satisfied,
tient the toast which he was about to propose would be received
with the most cordial and friendly feelings. The Gentleman
whom he was about to name, needed no panegyric in that
place. Their talents and their integrity were well known all
over England—nay, they were known in the uttermost ends of
the world, wherever the English Newspapers found their 1,
SO perfectly as they were in that county: fie proposed "'The
health of the Members for Reading," which was drank with
three times three.

Mr. P. PA 1.- 15Ig R rose to return thanks. In looking around
him, he must, he said, agree most perfectly with en observa.
don which had been made by the Chairman in the worse of
his speech. He had the satisfaction of seeing assembled on
this occasion, not only those who had supported this society
from its first foundation to the present hour, but he had also
the pleasure of seeing gentlemen. holding a great stake in the
county of Berks, whu bad recently joined them. Be likewise

observed othergentlemen, who had been kitul enough to give
them their countenance, although they were not connected with
the county. Therefore he concluded that they had established
a society which ought to last, end which deserved- encournge-
ment.—(Applause.)—And so far as they received encourege-
ment, so far, he must say, had 'the cause of.lteibein. in Perlis.
went generally, and in that county particularly; flourished and
improved. From circumstances which had recently ocCurred,
there was every reason to believe that the friends of' Parlia-
meutary Reform had considerably increased in that town and
neighbourhood. This fact was particularly manifested by the cir-
cumstance, that some of those who had formerly been most
inimical to Reform, had joined in calling a public Meeting to
discuss that subject; but much still remained to be done;
for many gentlemen were unwilling to come .forward, and take
a share of that trouble which was inseparable .from exertions
having public good for their object. He was sorry to say that
this complaint lay more at the door of the class to which he be-
longed than eo that of any whet in the community. -'The class
he alluded to was the country gentlemen. They were charged
with having lost all Concern- for public liberty—they were
charged with .an abandonment of that love fer- their country
which was the distinguishing ebaracteristie Of tilserr brace; 9e
cestors. Now, he was aware that an oppornatelit would speedily
be given to the country gentleinen, in variotis counties, to step
forward and repel the charge. pit .was notin his power to repel
it—it was not in his pewee to deny it, because he thought that
they. really deserved the accusation._—(Applause.)--Sonte from
indolenceee some from a blann timidly, slumbered while
they should be employed in active exertion. He called it a
blanieable timidity, because be thought that every apprehen-
sion, which prevented people in them situation from acting fur
the good of the conimunity, was a great crime—(applause) ;
and of that crime the country gentlemen were justly accuse.d.H
(Applause.)—lie well knew the excesemede for them on vari-
ous occasions, that they wet e unaccustomed to public business ;
that Parliament would da what was right; that the County
Members was very able and intelligent men, and would act
with great propriety. Now, lie. would admit, for argument
sake, that the Country Members were the most pains-
taking
.and laborious persons that could be selected. There
were ninety-two of them; and he would also allow that they
were representatives of the people. The Members for great
towns were 50 in number making a total of 152 representa-
tives of the people in the house of Commons. Übe were wrong
in this statement. Birch's Polak!: Disquisitions was wrong,
the Elector's, GOO was wrong—in short, every book on the
state of the representation was erroneous. He believed, how-
ever, that he was perfectly right. How, then, wait the majority
made up which uniformly supported Ministers? They.. were
elected from different sources. There were bordughs of various
descriptions-.-some places returning two Members, 'having,
perhaps, 500 inhabitants, very .few of whom were electors ;
others having 300, 100 50, ,and down as low as 10, also re.
turned Members ; but the most curious part of the system was,
that the fewer the electors, the more steady were the . mem berso
in supporting MinisterMinisters,Of.this fact he would adduce tw,
instances, which had been mentioned by Lord John Russell,
when his motion for Parliamentary Reform was discussed.
The first. was the question of the Salt-tax, and lie alluded to
it specifically, because he did not like to be ac used of deal.
ing in generals. On that °cordon, the Members for counties
and great towns voted three to one against the Salt. tax; but
still the. 3lioisters carried it. But how did they. carry it?
By the votes of the representatives of the small boroughs,
who were returned, some by three, some by four, and some by
a dozen of electors. Tide was somewhat curious, because it
was said that keeping up the close boroughs was the only
way of procuring good Members Of - Parliament. It was
asserted that men bred up in the sane public school imbibed
the same principles of liberty, the same independence of spirit,
and would act up to its • dictates. He did not'mean to gamsay
his—he only asked gentlemen to look at' the fact which he had
stated. There was a second Instance, not so remarkable as the
former, except for what happened at the close of the debate.
The question was the abolition of the joint Postmrister.Gene-
ral : and on that occasion a areal extraordinary doctrine was
broached—a doctrine a*reptignoit to theprineiples of the Con-
stitutione_as could be advanced in or nut of the !Toone of Coin.
mons, The .31inivier openly said, " that useless places wt-,re
absolutely necessary, as a counterpoise to toe increasing weight
of' the .people." To advance such a doctrine was to declare,
that, in proportion as the people esprit for retrenchment, there
should be extravagance, and in proportion as they demanded a '
pure government, there should be intrigue and corruption"; the more so, too, because by such means alone eotthiAlinisters hope
to prevent the people, when once their jealousy. was Awakened,
from spying into abuses..—(Applause.)_alen should feel 40111 e
alarm under these circumstances; aid it' members of Parlia-
ment were induced ta,suliport monstrous jobs, to sanction gross
impositions, and to oppose the petitions of, the people for refottn,
it became every friend of liberty in the country tolook the dan-
ger boldly in the face, to mark the peril to which the ConSti.: tution was exposed, and to devise A lining remedy for the evil,
—(Great applause.)—lle could adduce 500 instances of the
Mischiefs which she country had Sititained in cunsequence of
the existence of close borough*. Every man .who wes sent to
Parliament ought to be responsible melte people. But,- if he
were only accountable to the patron, all responsibility was at
an end—it then became a mere rocket}.. To illustrate this, it
was only necessary to observe, that when the Grenville party
came into power, none of them were the representatives of
large towns. When they were appointed to office, they va-
cated their seats, and applied to be reeeleeted. To whom did
they apply ? Either to the immediate patron of the borough,
or to the electors themselves, who were very few in number,
and therefore their return was quite certain. Therese was dif-
ferent when a country election was necessary. He recollected,
when Mr. Yorke jellied Administration, some years ago, that
gentleman was not returned by his former -constituents. lie
wits Member for the. county of Cambridge when he accepted ,
of the Tellership of the Exchequer. Ile hoped to be re-electfd
for the county, but the freeholders rejected him, and returned
Lord F. Osborne. What was the coneequence ? He Was the
next day elected for a Cornish borough, ''iris wee a strong
proof
or the advantages of popular elections,
and the disa(l:-
vantages of close boroughs. lie would now observee that might be the Ministers of the country, or whatsoever fee-
tions might arise in it, it behoved all the friends of Perlis.
memory Reform to lay aside those &undies* dittinctions
which were brought forward for no other.purpose but to amuse
the people and to procure delay. He hoped, therefore, that
associations like that of Reading would be formed Wherever it
was possible. As lkiations were at present legal, and Mini-
sters Must provide a seventh -Act.• to prohibit them. If the
people did not associate, they could do no good--they would
be but as a tope of sand. If' the Refortners united, the' ma-
jority of numbers was in theit favour, anti there certainly was:
no inferiority of talent. They had a geed argument, and they
'could make the best of it. The Hon. Gentleman concluded,,
.by expressing a hope that such a plan of Perliarnentary Re-
form would be drawn up as would mike in one hotly all the
friends of reform. Such a plan, adopted with caution, and!
supported with firmness and unanimity, must selected. brut it'
a plan of that description were net formed, he feared the people
must long remain as they were.—(Applause.)
Mr. .I. B. Morrow begged leave also to return thanks for the
very kind notice which had been taken of him, and to insure
the inset-01y that they would find him, in all times and plave,
ready to support the cause of purity of election.
e Stand, 'g.
there in the midst of his representatives, he felt a very grfic
degree of satisfaction, because this mutual recognition of sound
constitutional principles proclaimed, in the plainest manner, the
honourable feeling, the perfeceeonfiaehee, which StlbaistCti bee
tween hint and the gentlemen whom <he representeti.--(Ap-
plause.)—To resort to open barefaced bribery, was not, in his
opinion, more mischievous, and was not so mean or base, tie
to effect the same purpose by intimidation. •Por rleat wits
bribery ? It amounted to a combination between two classes—
' the rich who tempt, and the poor who were tempted—to
oust aethird class (and the more valuable in society—he meant
the middle class), of importaut rights and privilteees.—tApe
..plause.)--Now it was true that the effect produced by bribery
and by intimidation was nearly the Sante, so far as the public
were concerned. • But with respect to the individual, it vas
different; because he who sold his ve .e gut something valuable,
but he who was intimidated carried notlung home but a feeling' of the degradation and humility to which he had been re-
duced.—(eepplause.—With all due sulimiesion to the Constie
tutional Association (none of whoa, lie hoped, were present),
this was a species of offence which tetierved more notice than
the crimes which they prosecuted. TheY, however, passed it
over, although it vitally effected .tiobetit interests of the State,
for he looked upon purity of electior as the corner stone of our
social edifice, and thciee who attacked it endangered the stufetv
of the entire. fabric. Every eneroadimett made on it WAS ftn
encroachment on that whole seine control which the people
ought to exercise over their Rereeestativets, and over all pub-
Ileltiessures.-e(Applause.)—The biet way-to purity theillottee
Of Comenors was to keep the elccers pure ; because, if the'

fountain-head be impure, all -that-proceeded from it must like-
wise be impure.—(Applause.)—W hat was thestrength of their
adversaries ? An unceasing endeavour to revile Parliamentary
Reform, and a constant vigilance in procuring a packed Hoeft,
Of Commons, composed of Members who were not sent there
bythe, voice of the people, but by the fiat of some single pa-
tron. It was to Members of this class, who represented rotten
boroughs, that Goveenment chiefly paid attention; and to them
exchouvely they distributed all places and pensions. A paper
was laid on the rabic of the House Lod Session, which threw
much light on this subject. It appeared from that document,
that 89 persons hi the House of Commons received 179,0001.
of the public money, being about 2,8001. a year one with
another. Of these Individuals no less than 84. being 3-4ths of
the whole number, were returned for rotten boroughs; and of
14 Minister'', who had seats in the House of Commons, only
four represented populous places; the rest were rotten-borough
nominees. No one could suppose that this was the effect of ac-
cident—it was evidently the effect of design. The wholesome
statute of Queen Anne, which sent a Representative who ac-
cepted of office back to his constituents for theirapproval or rejec-
tion, was rendered a mere dead letter by the rotten boroughs ;
for whateree was there in sending a man to the inhabitants of
such places as Old ISarum, where no opposition could take
place ? Thus, that which Was intended for the support of the
people's rights was converted into a shelter for the invaders of
those rights--4Appleusee._arid those rotten boroughs were the
havens to. which Ministers retreated for protection against the
storms of popular indignation.—(Applause.)—This was the
case with Lord Castlereah, a manmost unpopular here, and ab-
solutely hated in Ireland; and yet that man sat for the county
of Down. 13nt how did he sit there ? Was he returned by
the voice of the people ? No ; but by the Voice of one patron-
-the Marquis of Downsbire : for it must be'known to all' that
the counties in Ireland were as corrupt as the boroughshere.
Mr.-Wakefield stated, in his work, that the Noble Marquis
could bring 30,000 freeholders up to the poll—manufactured
freeholders, by whomi the efforts of such as were independent
were effectually marred. If the .system of relying on fictitious
freeholders were abolished, the result would be different. The
Noble Marquis would dwindle, 'not inn') insignificance, for that
vele not to be desired, but he would be reduced to a station and
,character which could not be fatal to the, interests of others.—
(Applauee.).e.eßet this was not the state of things for which
their edVersarfia. wished. They would stir heaven and earth
the other way. Every Zifort, however, ought to be made to put,
down the system of corruption; and eure hewas, that the people
of this country would never procure a redress of their wrongs,
until they had a radical reform—he meant a refornithat would
go to the root of. the evil.—..(Applause.)-e-Ile had his hopes that
reform was making considerable,progreas in this country. The
;pressure of distress, however much to be laniented in other re.
spects, brought ai least this 'coniolation, that it operated in fa-
vour of reform.. He believed!- thet in the next Session there
would be a strong context between corruption and reform.
When it came, they should flied him at lus post, advocating
purity •.of election, reform, and retrenchment, against paper,
extravagance, and corruption.—(Applause.) .
Toast—" Honesty in Electors, the best security against age
ruption."
Toe.se--" Lord 3lllton, Mr. Fawkes, and the other.Parlia-
menterry Reformers of Yorkshire."

Tire enatnetax then proposed, " The Member fur Weet-
tnitister who has honoured us with his presence this day."—
(cheering.)
•
Mr. Hontfousr. said, he believed it was almost unneces-
sary for any Reformer, certainly not for so. hearty a Reformer
as he hoped he had proved himself to be, to account for
his appearance amongst. the Electors of Reading ; -for if
there were a place in Eughtod where Reform had been shown
to the most advantage, and where the principles 'on which the
Reformers proceeded had been acted on with the best effect,
it certainly was amongst the Reformers of Reading. He
did not, however, know that he would have ventured to obtrude
himself on their attention this day, knowing that what they had
to do they were able to do themselves, if it had, not been for
:'adventitious cireumetances. His own connexion with the neighs
bouring county, and the intimate cenneikin with his Honour-
able Colleague had with the county •of Berks, might`perhaps
entitle him, without presumption on his part, to show the re-
spect he owed to the electors of Reading., to their worthy Mem-
bers, and above all, the veneration he felt for the sentiments
which called them together on this and on every fitting oppor-
tunity. He rose to. address .them, under considerable disad-
vantage, after the excellent speeches thet ited been made by
their most worthy' ()Written; and those' ejentlenten who did so
much hondur •to the. Borough of Reading, by conveying
the sentiments of the Borough truly and fattlifully. into
that. place Where, he was lofty to 4tty,' the voice of ehe its-
tion was poseldom beard.—(Applause.)-110 could nit say, that
he looked forward with-the Mlle vicars of hope and
expectation as the Ilenottrahle Geetleinen whd had *already
addressed theta seemed to entertain., He did not doubt ef the
ultimate triumph of reform—that be brilieved was certain but'
to suppose that it would arrive in Ow next, or the street:ed.
lag demsion, or the Session' alter that; required more of tan.
gtoneexpeetatien than ally could cherish who coatemplated
whet England ht.d to show, and what she had Produced, fur the
last century; more particularly at a tiute when the most might ,
havebeerrhoped from the exertion of reformers.—(A pplause.)--
To speak the truth, was the most imperions of all duties which
a publie man, however' confined his sphere, had to perform;
and, in accordance with that feeling, he did hot think that the
triumph of the Reformers could be referred to any definite or
certain period. It was true, they now saw in the ranks of the
Reformers Men' lehii Were fortnerly inimical to theta—who tried,
by every effbrt in their power, to extinguish every spark or the
sacred flame of liberty. Even in him short career, he had seen'
changes of this kind. It would, perhaps, be though ihvidious
to mention names; but as -the circumstancoreflected honour,;
not disgrace, he quoted ,Sir Thomas Lethbridge as an instaoce,
of this kind. :le recollected that Honourable Baronet most.
strenuously opposing reforta at one period ; but, to the great:
surprise of those who did not know what effect empty pickets
could, produce, he some time place fonnd the Honourable Bert.
'sitting on the same bench with limeade, '(a very suspicious
.place), declatirigthat.he, for une had become an •chlvocate for.
reform. He, however; explained his idea of reform; which
.was, that the landed Interest had not sufficieut weight ; or,
'in other words that Sir. T. Lethbridge had not sufficient!
weight. The lion. Gent. then proceeded to argue, that the ree.,
formers could not reckon much on the support of men who act-
ed merely from interested Motives., lie would strppose an -ex.
travagant oaxe, namely, that there' was a rise, of price—that the.
commodity or manufacture of corn (fur such and such only it
was) fetched' a price in the market that Would rememerate the
gr?wer ; if then, they found these POW converts tirm In their
principles, he would give them Credit for the disinterest-
edness of their mots/es, but not till then. But if, during
the course of a long strugle, in which they aloue were the
gainers, they constantly opposed the principle:4 which they
now advocated, why should it be Suppoied that their vire
tue was so much greater than that of the rest of their species,
that they would not, if the same Opportunity occurred
Rein, pursue the same line of conduct ? The experience
of the past peoved that, they looked but to themselves, and
therefore it was to be expected that to the end they would
look to themselves only. He would nut, howeeer, he so unjust
as to arraign entire chimes by wholesale. Thera. were, undoubt-
edly, exceptions to thht general statement. Mr. Fawkes was
One of those, and he could nettle several others. But it was
lamentable to think, that whilst those were suffering who sup-
ported the xystem which hail engendered all these arils, there
were others, suffering in an equel degree, by whom it had been
manfully- opposed—who showed that they were willing, in the
wont of times, to support a nation whim was insulted, tyran-
nixed over, and neglected in ell -its dearest interesta.—Ap-
plause,)---No Englidernan could feel any pity' for those great
families who were now suffering from the nit:white's which the
support given by thrill to the systent of corruption had created ;
but they must feel for others who had teken a patriotic part,
but who were now equally impoverished. The people could
not, however, interfere in favour of the latter. if they in-
terfered at all, it must be for the nation at large.--(Applattee.)
A of price would be nothing ; for it had been shitwn, and
a thousand times, to be a mere temporary-relW,- anus, to do
permanent good to one class of the conimunity,' it wail near.
vary that they should legislate to do good to -4111..--(Appleuee.)
It appeared to lfim that the electors of Readine, by their awe e-
dation,told by the dissemination of those principles which they
had met to support, had suet on foot the only •:toady which
any man of experience would tipply to the existing evil. With 1
respect to the euggestion 'of the Honour:Ade Geedernan (Mr.
Painter), that the Refoiniers should ell come fetwerti as sub.
scribers to one definite proposal, he tho,ight that it was hardly
necessary. If they agree to one thing—to get rid of 'tin, pre-
sent base system—it would be sufficient. Let theni-take down
the scatiblaing of the tad pietilential building,
d ee
long obstructed the view .uf Engliehinen, and then theyould k

PWCA SEVEN PEl'..: cr.:

agree Ott what sort.ofedifice was to be orrectod ip its plito.
(Applause.l
Mr. F: PALMER announced that an association similar so
that- of Reading had been established by Ashford 4taio...
ford, in lierßersetshire. The health of the founder And the
members of the dub was drank with' loud applause.
The health of the Chairman, of Mr. Goodlake, . the Vice, ,
Presidentwhoirill:llll the chair nott year ; of 41r. lilsrAi;4llo
late Chairman ; of Mr. Rigby, and the independent members
of the. British bar ; and of A r. Talford were resPectivelydrank.4
Each of those Gentlemen returned thanks, but our limits. pre-
clude us from reporting their speeches.
