FIRST FRUITS.

Mr. BAINES gave notice that he should move for leis o
to bring in a 13111 relating to first fruits and tenths.

COPYRIGHT.

Mr. Sergeant TALFOURD gave notice that he would,
this day week, move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend
the law of Copyright. _ _

OATHS.
Mr. HA WES gave notice that on Friday next he should
move for leave to bring in a Bill, f, r the purpose of
allowing a general form of affirmation to all person 3 who
believed that oaths were forbidden.
LUNACY.

The HoN. MEMBER also gave notice that, on Tuesday
the 18th; he should move for leave to bring in a Bill to
amend the law relating to Lunacy.
LATE SITTING.
Mr. BROTHERTON gave notice that on an early day
he should move it was desirable no new business be brought
on likely to create debate after-twelve o'clock-at night.—
( Cheers andlaughter.)
Sir E. SUGDEN gave notice that he Annld this day week
move for leave to bring in a Bill for the better protection
of purchasers of property against Crown claims and Com-
missions of bankruptcy.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS.

Sir T. FRE EMANTLE, on behalf of Sir Robert
Peel, gave notice that on the 14th February 1 o should
move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the law relating
to Controverted Elections.
PRISON DISCIPLINE (SCOTLAND.)
Mr. FOX MA ULE gave notivc that on Tuesday the
12th, he should move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend
the law relating to prison discipline in Scotland.
FACTORIES.
The Hoe. MEMBER also gave notice that on the 14th he
should move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the law
relating to the hours of labour of children and young per-
sons employed in factories.
THE ADDRESS.
The SPEAKER then stated that that House had been
to the House of Peers to hear her Majesty's speech, which
he then read.
Mr. E. BULL ER said that however incompetent he
might be to move a dutiful and loyal Address in answer to
the gracious Speech they had just heard, no one was more
deeply impressed with the importance of the subject.
Under any circumstances ho should deeply regret his
inability to undertake such a task, bat he peculiarly felt it
on the present occasion, considering the vast and numerous
and important subjects which were embraced in the
Speech from the Throne—subjects which were so
full of difficulty and so foreign to his habit as to
render him peculiarly unfitted to the task. In throw-
ing himself on the indulgence of the House he would
endeavour to the utmost of his power not to weary
their patience. He would endeavour as far as possible, con-
sidering the great inconveniences that arose from protracted
discussions, to avoid saying anything which could occasion
any division in offering a few short observations on the dif-
ferent topics embraced in the gracious Speech which the y
had heard from the throne : it could not but be a matter
of sincere congratulation to this House, and to the
country that her Majesty still continued to receive assu-
rances from Foreign Powers of their anxiety to maintain
the strictest allianees of amity and friendship--that we had
the prospect of maintaining that peace which had been
purchased at the expense of so much treasure and so
much blood. It was also a subject of sincere congratulation
looking to the state of the manufactures of this country, seeing
the immen -o power and the immense capital there employed,
to hear thatextensive fields tsereopened forßritish enterprise.
It was no matter of slight congratulation to hear that Trea-
ties had been entered into with Austria and Turkey which
were calculated to open those vast countries to British en-
terprise and British commerce. The Treaty with Austria
had placed the merchants of England on the same footing
with the most favoured nationF, and the Treaty with Turkey
had remce ed many vexatious regulations which tended
to cripple our trade and prevent the circulation of the coin •
same and manufactures of this country in that vast erilpire.
It was scarcely possible to exaggerate the advantages
which our commerce might derive from those Treaties
with States so important. Not only aro there these re-
sources, but, if we look to the state of the public
mind, there is a large population imbued with pre-
judices in favour of British liberty, and with every de-
sire to imitate our arts, and to adopt our luxuries.
And ac they van scarcely be said to have any manufactures
of their own, we may conclude that for years to come they
will take from us all the supplies their improved habits will
require. The next subject is that a treaty has been
concluded between the Five Powers for the settlement
of the differences of the foreign Co dederacy. Consider-
ing that treaty has received the consent of the Bel-
gians, it is to be hoped that some concessions would
e; made towards placing themselves on a footing of
friendship with the neighbouring States. Trusting to
this, there is every reason to believe that the concession
of the Belgian Government will be had with that of the
Natherlands, and that there ;will be an end to the unhappy
differences of these two countries. Ile turned with less
satisfaction to the succeeding topics, wherein her Majesty
regrets the continued distressed state of the king-
dom of Spain. This is a matter of serious conside..ation.
Ile trusted that at no distant period they might look forward
to the establishment of tranquillity in that unhappy coins
try. He was sorry to see that the connections of the coun-
try with Persia were far from satisfactory. The Sovereign
of that empire had not acted up to the assurances he had
made, but he trusted that the time was not far distant
before this country established itself upon terms of
intimacy with that Power. He now had to advert
to this topics connected more intima.ely with this
country, and in doing so he must confess that he
felt more diffidence than lie did in discussing foreign policy.
The first subject alluded to in the speech connected
with the relations of this country at home, were the
Reform of the Municipal Corporations in Ireland.
He trusted that the time was not far distant when the Le-
gislature of this country would feel the absolute necessity
of giving to the people of that -country the full exercise of
the liberties which were enjoyed by the people of England.
He trusted, considering the pledge given in 1834 in this
House, and the pledge to adopt all well considered 1-Lea:urea
of Reform thrown out by the Opposition side of that House,
and also in the other House of Parliament, that when the
difficulties were removed attached to the Poor-law Bill,
bearing in mind these circumstances, the Session will not pass
over without conferring on Ireland a measure of Municipal
Reform. Following the course of the Speech he drew the at-
tention of the House to the recommendation of the Ecclesi-
asticalComtnissioners. Bills would be laid on the table of that
House, recommending the increase of pastoral care in popu-
lous districts. He conceived that the stability of the Church
would be increased if its funds were fairly stated to the
public, and faithfully applied. He conceived himself jus-
tified in stating this from the large sums which had been
already subscribed, and felt perfectly satisfied that an appeal

in behalf of the Church would not be made in vain to the
British ',people. Following the course of the Speech, he
next drew the attention of the House to the State of the
West ladies. It was a subject of the sincerest and
enost heartfelt pleasure that the period of negro eman-
cipation had been anticipated by the local Legislatures;
and there exists, not even in its most modified form,
slavery in any part of the British dominions. However
small the share he had in that measure, it would be
a subject of lasting congratulation to him that lie
had assisted in the settlement of that question.
The negfoes were at present in a situation which places
them by that measure among the most prosperous of their
fellow-beings. He felt the utmost satisfaction that
since this act of Legislation we may look forward to it
as a means to be attended with infinite success towards
them. He would now proceed to another and more pain-
ful subject, that is—the present state of the province
of Canada.—( Bear, hear.) It is true that there took
place in that province a vile insurrection--it is true
that it was put down with little or no bloodshed, but
yet, although not general, it had created a great deal of
trouble and anxiety; it was then in a state of insurrection,
but it was important to know that that insurrection had be, n
put down more by the name of British justice than by the
force of arms, for the empire of Britaie was more upheld 1 •
would venture to say by public opinion than by anything else.
He then came to that part of the Speech which d
to the attempts which had been made to disturb the public
peace ; he could not conceal from himself that the mea-
sures demanded by those parties, even if carried, would
not be at all beneficial to the interests of the country : he
was perfectly convinced that neither Universal Suf-
frage nor Vote by Ballot would have such an effect, as
the parties who demanded those measures seemed to ex-
pect : it rested, however, that whatever petitions they might
think it incumbent on taeinselves to send in, the House
would receive them in a spirit which should show that they
.ere open to reason, but which should also show that the
House was determined not to yield anything to clamour,
intimidation, or violence. There was one subject which,
though not mentioned in the Speech, he considered was one
which required a few words from him. It was that which
had caused a violent agitation in the country, and which
was also the cause of a number of gentlemen being
congregated here ; he meant the Corn-Laos
The deep feeling which existed throughout the
country showed the necessity for sonic change in the-e
laWs. Whoiever the question came before the House he
hoped that it would he met in a spirit of fairness, and with
a determination to do justice. Hp trusted it would be dis-
cussed calmly and deliberately. Hn heped that the ques-
tion would be discussed, not as one between two hostile p ir-
tics, but as one most intimately connected with the welfare
and best interests of the country.—( Cheers.) He trusted
there would be a strong feeling, not only on the side of the ma-
nufacturing interest, but also of that of the agriculturists, tha:
there was a mutual dependance on each other. The question
was one well deserving the best attention of that House, and
in his opinion was peculiarly deserving the attention of those
who represented the agricultural interests. It was doubtful
whether it would serve the interest of the agriculturists
themselves to maintain those laws. It was doubtful, or
rather it was nut doubtful that the attempt to force high
prices did not necessarily involve its own failure. It was
well known that any time of high prices was sure to be
followed by a corresponding time of low prices. It appeared
to him that some change was necessary in those laws,
though he could not think that the total or immediate re-
peal of the laws would be a benefit to the country generally.
tie had ventured to make these few observations to the
House, but had not expressed his own decided opinion on
the subject. He should be most willing and most ready to
listen to any arguments that might be brought forward in
the course of the debate; and it would be his most earnest
wish, as far as it was in his power, to consult the interests of
both the manufacturers and the agriculturists. There was in
the' state of public affairs much for serious consideration.
end perhaps somewhat painful apprehension. He could not,
however, but feel confident, and ho trusted that those dan-
gers and those difficulties which at present beset them would
be met and overcome by the wisdom of Parliament, sup.
ported by the affections of a loyal and attached people.
He would no longer weary the House by trespassing further
on their attention, but thank gentlemen for the indulgence
with which they had allowed him most inadequately to dis-
charge the duties imposed upon him.—( Hear, hear.) [A
great deal of merriment was created by the Hon. Member
apparently not knowing with what motion to conclude.
Some Members cried ou4 " Read the Speech," others
" Read the Address." Ater consulting Lord John Rus-
sell and two or three Ministers on the Treasury Bench,
and those immediately around him, the Hon. Member,
amid much laughter, proceeded to read the Address, which,
as usuel, was a mere echo of the Speech.]
Mr. G. W. WOOD rose with great pleasure to second
the address which had been moved by his Hon. Friend near
him, in' reply to her Majesty's most gracious speech from
the throne; and he felt quite as much or more occie-ion
for the indulgence of the House as his Hon. Friend, feeling
that on this occasion he should have to go over those topics
to which he bad himself called the attention of the House.
It must be to all a matter of the utmost satisfaction, that tier
Majesty was able to assure the House that she had
perfect confidence in the preservation of peace on
the footing on which the Great Powers stood in
relation to each other—that after we had enjoyed the bless-
lags of pettcs for so long a period, we should
again have the assurance that there was no danger that the
infraction of that peace must be a subject of pleasure to this
House, and all her Majesty's subjects; and in the two treaties
that had been concluded with the Emperor of Austria and the
Sultan of Turkey to which their attention had been spe-
cially called by her Majesty, they had an additional basis
for the preservation of peace—they were treaties of a cha-
racter becoming the parties, and such as a commercial nation
might justly be proud of having entered into--they con-
tained provisions which were in the highest degree ho-
nourable to the Monarchs in whose names they had been con-
eluded, and the statesmen through whose instrumentality they
had been accomplished. They were treaties not entered
into with a view to conquest, ,but with a view to call forth
the latent wealth of the countries to whtch they related,
and particlarly the industry of their inhabitants. They
were treaties which, though they conferred advientages
on the people to whom they had relation did this without
interfering in any degree with the rights of other States—
(-Hear)—they were treaties which so far from having any
selfish objects, the more universally they were
acted upon the more beneficial they would become.
But Sir, in this House, as the representative of a
manufacturing borough, I feel that these are the to-
pics on which it becomes me to congratulate the
House and the country. With respect to the treaty
that has been concluded with Austria, it has been
founded on the justest basis. It does not, perhaps, offer
any great accession to our: commerce at once, but it
lies on foundations broad and deep for the prosperity of the
two countries. But if we couple the terms of this treaty with
the alterations in tbeplans of that country,.l do hope that it will
be found that she is entering in earnest upon now plans of
commerce. With reference to the Treaty with Turkey,
whilst founded on principles equally just and equally found
to promote more immediate advantage, there is a large
commerce between this country and TnrkeY which has
been impaired in its extent by the waet_ Of that freedom in
Turkey itself which is necessary to the success of all trailing
operations. Here we have a guaranteaehat all those improve-
ments
shaltbe received, from which stelyantage of a large acrd
extensive character cannot fail to await the subjects of both
nations. ' Sir, these are to my mitpl:the individual advan-
tages which are held out by those, treaties, but if we
take them together, they hold fOrth- further advantages.
They bold out the promise that the:latent energies and the
wealth of the southern portion of Europe, which had
been . hitherto too much bound up, was likely to be
set free, and they offered to that country, in throwing
open the navigation of the Danube, the prospect which bad.
been held out by the Congress of Vienna, .btit which
had hitherto been productive of no results, and that
mighty river passing through States containing so much
latent wealth and resources would probably become, ere long,
the great highway to the commerce of the world.
(Cheers.) That treaty held out other advantages of a
political as well as of a commercial character, and if hitherto
it had entered into the speculations of the statesmen of
Russia is times present or past to obtain posessioreof that
river Or of Constantinople, all prospects of that kind must be.
hereafter and for ever at an end, and the indepondernie
of Turkey secured by the provisions which that treaty he ltd,
out. With respect to the affairs of Holland and
Belgium, it was a gratification to see the five great Powers
of Europe, through whose combined influence-and councils
in 1831, the blessings of peace had been preserved to Europe,
and it was further gratifying to find that by the vvisdou
of the Councils of these-five Riwees any breach of the
pane of Europe would be averted which was likely to arise
from the separation of these two countries. With respect to
Sp tin, it was lamentable to find that the civil war still
continued in that country, and he could not omit expressing
a hope that, the powers of Europe would exert them-
selves to prevent the general peace being disturbel,
and to put an end to that war.. of _Lixtirpqr;-t-L
which was a. disgrace to Christendom.--( Hear.) With
respect to the interruption which had taken place in tie
amicable relations between that country and Russia, what-
ever objects the latter might have in view, it was satis
factory to see the promptitude arid vigour which markt d
the counsels of the Indian Government, and that, what_
ever happened in that. quarter: they were prepared
and able to protect the peace of Indic, a,„l
give security to her Majesty's subjects. With ro-
gard to -the allusion, in her Majesty's. Speech, to the
'lrish Corporations, I hope, with my Friend, th
both sides of ethe House will lend their best endea-
vours towards a settlement of this, the only cause of
distrust with regard-to that country—( Laughter and loud
cheering)—that when both parties come
theremientoconsidschrallwibteha
due deliberation this important es
no impediment towards giving to Ireland the same
measures of Corporate Reform which ourselves have
had. It is satisfactory to know that the great measure of
Negro Emancipation • has been accomplished by the local
Legislature. It is to be hoped that the Legislature of
Jamaica will do that which was generally adopted ; but if
they do not, they will find there is energy enough in this
country for the protection of the slaves. With respect
to Canada, I do not wish to express any comment
upon what has taken place there, but I must give
thanks to the loyal inhabitants' for the demonstra-
tions they have made in support .of the Govern-
ment, and trust that we may be enabled to give to
those states that treasure of liberty which will tend to their
happiness. I regret that some inhabitants of the United
States were so wicked as to enter into a system of plunder
against the loyal subjects of this country, but this does not
reflect on the Government of the United States, as they
have ever behaved with perfect faith and good wail
ito this country. The concluding paragraph n her Ma-
jesty's most gracious Speech bad reference to circum-
stances which had occurred in this country, by which
the people were considered to have been excited
to acts of disobedience and outrage to property. In speak-
ing with reference to that part of the country with which he
was ponnected, be was happy to be able to assure the Houst.,
that he did not think that feeling had been carried

to any great extent, or had affected any large number a
her Majesty's subjects. Undoubtedly great efforts 1380 been
made to lead them to excitement, and to tempt
them to commit acts which no one could ap-
prove of, which must be injurious to themselves,
and injurious to the peace and tranquillity of this country ;
but be felt assured that the vigilant administration of the
existing laws would be found to be sufficient to remedy those

grievances. He was happy to say the agitation which .
prevailed a short time ago had subsided—he trusted ,
they would not see it renewed, but if, unhappily, that
should be the case, the House might feel assured that
on the loyalty and the pacific dispositions of the great
mass of the country they might place implicit reliance, and
that in all stations there existed an anxious desire for the
just preservation of the public peace end the due maintenance.
of order. There were one or two topics not notice&
in the Speech from the Throne, but which had a most ma-
terial relation to the prosperity of the country, and per-
haps the Hou3e would indulge him with their attest+,
than for a few moments if he briefly adverted to theme
The first of these was the present state of the commerce,
and the manufacture) of the country. Two years ago they'
were suffering from a state of great commercial adversity.
All the commercial interests of the country were in jeo-
pardy, and the utmost distress and uneasiness existed. The'
House would be glad to hear that this state of things had.
mainly passed away, and that the commerce of the North
of England at the present moment was in a satis-
factory condition.—( Loud cheers from the Tory benches.)
I do not recollect any former period of commercial deranged
ment which has been so rapidly succeeded by a return to a
state of healthy commerce. Various questions may arise.
upon this subject which I will not upon this occasion g-
into, but which are well worthy of the attention of thos
who take ieterest in such matters. I think what has hapil
pened is sufficient to show that there was no great excess,-
of over-trading in the manufactures of this country, or vein
could not so soon have recovered our healthy positions
Tile cause of that derangement was a vicious system--
of banking, and I do not think that this House could better'
employ its time than in investigating, now that the evil_
has in a great measure subsided, the causes which lead to a-
c &unity that has brought ruin upon thousands, and endea-
vouring to provide a remedy against its recurrence. The,
commerce of the United States was deranged to the
same or a greater degree than our own, and has in
a great degree recovered. So that there is now
to a considerable ex!ent a beneficial commerce going'
between the two countries. I consider it to be
the biehest degree creditable to the people of the
United States that they have made such prompt, vigorous
and succeaul efforts to discharge their debt to this country
end that though they were driven to the necessity
of su-peediag their payments in specie, they so; 00
returned to a correct standard of value. The opi
nions I have ventured to state to the House upon
the present state of the commerce of our manufacturing!
districts in the North of England, are, I am haprr
to say, borne out by the returns of the exports during the
last year, as compared with those of the four antecedent
years, and if the House is disposed to indulge me,
I willendeavour briefly to convey them to the House. He was
happy to be able to state that the declared value of the
principal articles of British produce and manufactures ex-
ported from the United Kingdom during the year 1838, as
compared with the average of the four preceding years, ex-
hibited an increase to the amount of 3,112,000/. He
found that in the cotton manufactures of the country the
increase was equal to 4 per cent. upon the average.--
( Hear)—that in the ,export of cotton yarn the increase'
was no less than 24 per cent.—that with respect to the
woollen manufactures, the case was otherwise, inasmuch as;
there was a decline to the extent of 6 per cent., a circuit).-
stance which he believed to be entirely attributable to tine
United States not having been able, during the- pest year,.
to take anything like the usual proportionate quantity'
of woollens, but which he had no doubt wool&
be corrected in the course of the present year. In the,
linen manufacture he found an increase of 19 per cent.—int
the silk manufactory an increase of about 2 per cent. In
hardware sod cutlery the case was reversed and the table'
showed a reduction of 13 per cent. In glass, there was a
decline of 30 per cent. With eespect to the trade in metals,
in iron and steel, there was an increased export of 37 per
cent., and in copper and brass, of 15 per cent. In sheepe
wool, which evinced the successful operations of the farming
interests, the increase was no less than 57 per cent. in.
the export of this native product .to other countries-
He did not think the comparison of the year 1838 with the
four preceding years to he tin unfair one. These four years
were 1834, 1835, 1836, and 1838; 1834 and 1835 were
satisfactory years on all hands. The year 1836 was one Of
overtrading, the others of great depression. His intention.
had lately been called to the shipping trade. The ship-
ping trade had been represented a year ago in a state of
great embarrassment. It was now in a state of great
vigour. There was an increase of the last year, as
compared with the four preceding years, of 4i per cent.,
and, taking theßritish in conjunction with foreign increaseo
was of 15 per cent. Between Ireland and Great Britain 10
per cent., and the coasting trade 2 per cent. He fonnd a
large increase in the imports. In cochineal and indigo
there was a large increase-30 per cent. for ;
15 for Indigo : also in articles of consumption. let Cotton
Wool, Flax, and Hemp, Brandy and Rum, there Lod been
a decrease. His Hon. Friend, at the close of his slicech,
had adverted to another topic not embraced in her Majesty's
speech, but which it was not unbecoming to advert 1.0 erk
this the first day of their meeting, on account of the share
it had lately occupied. He alluded to the state of the law',
which concerned the chief article of human food. • It was
not to be expected from the tranquillity of preceding ?ears
—a tranquillity that not arisen from indifference durieg
seasons of plenty, that when this state of things had passed'.
away, and that the food of the people had nearly doubled itse
usual price, it would pass without notice. It was not the,
place for him to bring forward arguments. Other occasions'
would occur for the expression of their sentiments, but he
hoped that when it did come to that discussion, it would
be done with calmness and with fairness. They could not
deceive themselves so far as to suppose, that when bread
had risen to double its price, that the people could remain
trraterererie.--Trere-was one peculiarity in the circumstances
of the present excitement. The excitement was, not the
cry of a famished people. It was the intelligence 'of the
middle classes of this country that now spoke. It was the
voice of men of integrity, anxious to see the agriculturist
and manufacturer thrive. It was not likely then, that if
fruitful seasons should again lower the price of bread, that
the question now mooted would cease. Foreign states bad
seen how great this country had become by its commerce..
It was to them a matter of astonishment how she had super
ported the late long war. They were profiting by her example.
This was not matter of regret. It was no source of regret,
that any country should improve its natural resources. Soo
far from viewing it in this light, they regarded it as the:
surest means of promoting that peace they had so long en-
joyed ; but those States had given encouragement to in-
dustry, and their efforts were now beginning to take effect.
In those remote parts of the world which were open to
all nations, English merchants and manufacturers were
interfered with, and serious alarm was detertained that the
inanufecturing and trading interests of England were en-
dangered. They thought that it was the duty of the Go-
vernment to place the labouring population of this country
on a footing as nearly equal with the labouring population
of other countries, as it 'is in its power to make it. He
heped that when these matters were taken into considers
tion, they would have more regard to the public good than
to party disputations.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. T. DUNCOMBE said, that if the Hon. Gentle-
man found it necessary to apologize for detaining the
House, how much more should a humble individual likse
himself ;apologize for the proposition he was about to maker
not only to the Ministers of the Queen, but to that Hon.
House. The best apology he court make was not to oc-
cupy too much of their time, and if he caused any pain to
any person during the operation, he could only promise
that their suffering should not bef very long. He rose to
move an amendment on the' Address moved by the two Hon
Members, and to this effect, that the Bill of 1832 had dis -
appointed the people, and that it was the duty of this
House to take immediate steps towards its farther im-
provement. He should also feel it his duty to
take the sense of the House upon such proposition.
The gentlemen opposite were not responsible for the Re-
form Bill—they were only responsible for having failed Ina
their efforts to strangle it ; but he did look to his side of
the House for support, and he felt confident that they would
not hesitate to do their duty, and let the consequences be
what they might. However their exertions might be re-
' ceived in that House, the public would have a different
opinion of them, and to that tribunal they looked alone. -
Some of those who were originally the loudest advocates*
t' tat had been the first to assail it. He admitted the
p ecy of an Hon. Member of that House hid been realised,
That Bill had disappointed the hopes of the people of Eng-
land, Ireland, and Scotland. He did not believe that there,
had b-en any one vain or sanguine enough to believe that a
Bill so extensive in its operation could all at once arrive
at perfection. At that time they were told both by the
Ministers of the Crown and the Reformers themselves, but
you arc inpatient ; let it have a fair trial. It-had lied a
fair trial ; and he would maintain that it had not answered
the expectations of the people. He would ask why it had
disappointed the people? It had done so, because it had
not brought them a full and fah-representation. He esked
them, whom did they represent? He would ask them, did
the majority of th at House represent the feelings and wishes
of the_nat inns? Ho zia.G. ed, Isle. -Did they represent
the feelings of the working classes? no answered, No.
Did they represent the middle classes, or did they reprc-
s:ent what a House of Commons ought to represent—the
Democracy of the nation ? He would answer, No. But
di 1 they represent the Aristocracy of the kingdom ? He
tssauld say, Yes. They had promised ever and over again,
that the House of Commons would hereefter be a sort of
mirror that should reflect the public mind.. Had they not
a Corn-law Parliament, and had they no: delegates to
stimulate the languid regards of that House tier a suffering
people? Had-they not also a Chartist Parliament, rcpre-
sewing -3,000,000 of the working classes, or one
portion of her Majesty's subjects within a stone's throw
of that House, and had they not stated that they placed
no confidence in the Committees of that House ?—( Hear.)
Where it was Corn-laws or Church-rates, or any other
public grievance, not ony of those grievances existed in the
public mind in which delegates were not sent to that
House. Was that a state othings that could be satisfactory
to the public at large ? Had they not seen masses of the
people convened together upon many practicable questions
petitioning that House ? They admit, and what was tho
result ? That they had passed resolutions that that House -
was not worth petitioning.—( Hear and laughter.) Would
that be the case if there was a full, free, and fair represen-
tation of the people in Parliament ?_( Hear, hear. )
He knew he had great difficulties to contend against,
but he was ready to grapple with them —( Hear.) The
principal difficulty was a sort of delusion that her Majesty's
Ministers bad got into their heads with regard to the
finality of that Bill. He knew not whether the Noble
Lord adhered to his declaration of last year with regard to
its finality, because if so that was one of the greatest diffi-
culties he had to contend with. Before, however, there
was any improvement in the country that barrier must be
swept away; it was rotten, and was founded neither upon
justice, nor truth, nor common sense, and he was satisfied
in coming to the conclusion that no human Legisla-
tion could be final. A Noble Lord last year talked
of a compact as if it would be a breach of
faith with some party, or as it he gave his
countenance to an exteasien of the suffrage. That it was
upon that understanding somewhere that the Reform Bill
was passed. He (Mr. Duncombe) having given his humble
assistance to the measure, and having been in the House at
the time when it passed—never recollected any statements
being made that it was a final measure. Ho remembered
his Hon. Friends being over and over again taunted by die
other side of the House with the question, 't Will this
satisfy you?" but they had always said that it was but a
means to en end. His Hon. Friend the Member for Dublin

rn
ar„ •
icy.
Ildl
he'
