CCUNT NESSELRODE TO COUNT POZZO DI BORG°.

THE suV. LONDaN, MONDAY, APRIL 15, ls-ao.

audience or reception, which took place at Tsarskoye- Selo
on the 16th (28th) of this month.
That Ambassador will not fail to report to his Govern-
ment all that our august Master was pleased to say to him.
The confidence which we place in the representative of
her Britannic Majesty-, renders it unnecessary for us to add
any comment whatever to the report which he will lay be-
fore his Cabinet. We confine ourselves to referring to
that report, in the full persuasion that he will have paid a
just trilmto to the political principles IA Well. the Emperor
was pleased verbally to explain to him.
If the British Government places in those principles, the
confidence which they are calculated to inspire, it will be
easy for you, M. l'Ambassarlor, to clear up the doubts
which it has conceived as to the conduct which we have
adopted in the midst of the recent events in Persia, and
specifically with regard to the expedition of Mahommed

Shah against Herat.
In order to enable to your Excellency thus to place in
their exact truth, facts which appear to have been strangely
distorted, I lose no time, M. le Comte, in communicating
to you the whole of the details contained in the present
despatch, authorising you to place it without the least re-
serve before the English Cabinet.
That Cabinet knows, as well as we do, the origin of the
enmity which subsists between Persia and Herat, the most
western part of Affghanistan. That enmity is of ancient
date. The Persian Government thinks itself entitled to
exact a,tribute from that country, and to claim to exercise
over it a supremacy. which, even under the reign of Fut-
teh Ali Shah, Abbas MCCTZ2, and Mahommcd Mcerza (the
present sovereign) appeared in arms to sustain under the
very walls of Herat. In despite of these rights on which
the Court of Tehran relies, the Affghans of Herat make
continual incursions into Persia, reduce to slavery the in-
habitants whom they carry off from the eastern provinces
of that country, and keep up therein incessantly the ele-
ments of disturbance and revolt.
NO doubt the repression of these robberies was loudly
called for by the well understood interest of the security
and tranquillity of the Persian Government. That Go-
vernment had an unquestionable right to employ for its own
defence the means which belong to every independent
Power, and to direct its arms against neighbours who dis-
turb and insult it. In engaging in a conflict with a pro-
vince touching her frontier, Persia did then absolutely
nothing contrary to her rights; she afforded no cause of
well• founded complaint to a third Power, which was a
stranger to this dispute between two conterminous coun-
tries. Still less could she expect to irritate and to offend
the British Government, which, by its crigassements with
the Court of Tehran, has expressly bound itself not to in-
terfere in favour of either party, if war should break cut
between the Persians and Affghaus.
All these considerations put together, establish beyond
a doubt that Mahommed Shah, in determining .to mike
war against Herat, was completely within the limits of his
rights as an independent Sovereign, and that he has in no
respect failed in the obligations imposed upon him by the
faith of treaties.
Neverthelcsa, if this war; as we have just said, has ap-
peared to us to be completely justified in principle, both by
the indisputable rights possessed by the Persian Govern-
ment, and by the continual grievances occasioned to it by
the depredations of lawless tribes, we have, on the other
hand, never hesitated to consider as unseasonable and
hazardous, any military expedition which the Persian Go-
vernment might undertake in the state of weakness and
exhaustion in which it is placed. Instead of urging it on
in an enterprise, which, in our view, offered no chance of
success, we have done all that was in cur power to divert
it therefrom, and to induce it to prefer an amicable ar-
rangement with the Chief of Herat, to a state of hostility
indefinitely prolonged.
It is in this sense that have been flamed all the instruc-
tions with which the Imperial Cabinet has furnished its
Representatives at the Court of Tehran, from the time
that we were apprised of the resolution which it had taken
to direct its arms-anew against Herat.
In 1836, es in 1837, the counsels of our Cabinet, dic-
tated by a true spirit of conciliation, and of sincere good-
will, have constantly bad for their olsject the consolida-
tion of the tranquillity of Persia, and of the neighbour-
ing provinces, by an arrangement which should put an
end to their dissensions, and should prevent Mahernmed
Shah from engaging in a hopeless contest.
During the winter of 1837, the arrival at Tehran of an
Envoy from the Chief of Herat, gave us a prospect of
the possibility of a pacific arrangement between the two
contending parties.
Count Simonich received in consequence a positive or-
der " to employ all his credit with the Shah to dispose him
to a formal accommodation." Such are the very terms in
which is conceived the despatch which, by the Emperor's
ten:multi, I addressed to that Minister on the 4th of May,

•
If out counsels here unfortunately remained 'without
effect, we are not the less conscious of having employed till
our care to prevent-the renewal of a war, of which we bad
foreseen beforehand the lamentable issue.
Assuredly it is not upon the Cabinet of Russia that can
fall the reproach of having suggested or encouraged that
fatal enterprise. If it were requisite to give, in this re-
spect, a proof of the sincerity of our intentions, of the
steadiness of our principles, it would be sufficient to
quote the single f,:et, that the Emperor has called upon-
the Persian Government to send beck the battalion formed
cf &seer: s, and that too at a moment when we
were not igncrrnt that that battalion constituted the prin-
cipal force cf the troops asseraLle:a in the camp befoie
It is or,cisoly with the object cf insisting upon that de-
mand, that our Nin-Ist.cr applied for and obtained an au-
to 3,,in tl,e Shah.
On his arr,val in camp, Count Simcnich, witnessing the
distress in which the l'ors.inn army was, did net think
that he ought to refusib :tie assistance to the Snab, when
that Sovereign earnest:ly entreated him to examine the
works of the siege.
Assuredly, we will not deny the part • which General
Simonich took in those winks. Any English officer,
placed in sirn;:,-:r circumstances, would unquesiionably
have acted in the same manner in order to ri oder to a
friendly Sovereign the assistance, which he might have ap-
plied for in so critical a situation.
Nevertheless, even if the Shah had succeeded in
coming victoriously cut of that dangerous situation, even if
the city of Herat had been forced to; Open its gates to him,
the intention of our Cabinet would never have been to
give, in that quarter, to.the Persian 'POWer, an extension
which might have become a subject of apprehension to the
ne.gltbouring enuntriCa..-
Far from that, Our Minister, in the supposition of a fa-
' vourable issue, bad deemed it his dety to suggest even-
tually to the Ccurt of Tehran, the plan of a pacific arrange-
ment, by means of which Herat would have been . giv(n
over by Persia to Kchundil Khan, Chief of Kandahar.
Already a negociationl,bad been entered into for that
purpese between the latter, and Mohammed Shah, under
the good offices of our Minister.
- That arrangement, if it had actually taken place, would
have bad expressly for its basis the independence of ilifyhan
istan, by imposing upon the Shah, " the formal obligation
in no way to assail the integrity of the country of which the
Srdars are actually in possession, tsar the tranquillity of
the tribes of which they are the Chief..."
Such an arrangement, pacific and hie ffensive, would hare
served, • aceordieg to all appear:mu, to strenghten the in-
t:al-nal peace t f Afighanstan ; to rut-a step to the dissen-
siers which have too ort‘a agitated that country ; finally, to
cause to revive therein, a state of prospelity and tranquil-
lity
witit2h woulcl hay c rendered that ccurtry accessib'e to
the commerce and to the industry of all the nations which
are intrrestcd in turning to account tl.e resources of Cen-
tral Asia.
according to the intimate conviction of our Cabinet, the
resourt-cs of that canary arc s.:rit'i,•ien.!:l. extensive to be
freely opened to the. commercial activi:y of all countries,
which, vvitbout desiring to exekole each other, ought to
contend among each other by a frnak and honourable com-

pa ti ion.
Fer cur part, M l'Ambassedeur, r:c consider this com-
petition as entirely pacific and commercial, but by no means
as political or as hostile.
Strong in our rectitude and in our conscience, we shall
never have anything to conceal or to dissemble which we
have designed or undertaken.
We are, then, the first frankly to admit to England, that
a Russian agent lately proceeded to Cabool for the purpose
of commercial inquiry.
The fact of the appearance of this agent, of whom Lord
Palmerston has spoken to you, 1,1. le Comte, is thus com-
pletely correct. But the origin and tendency of his mis-
sien seem to have been represented to the Englizh Go-
vernment with comments of which we are desirous to de-
monstrate the exaggeration and the falsehood.
r that purpose it will be enough for us to say, that the
mission of M. Witkcwitsch (Vicovich) to Cabool, was
simply occasioned by the mission of an agent, whom Doss,
Mahornmed Khan sent to us in 1837, to St. Petersburgh,
with the intention of forming ccmmercial relations with
Russia. In order to ascertain the advantages and the de-
gree of security which such an enterprise might offer to
our-merchants, in a country hitherto unknown to Russia,
our Government determined, in the first instance, to send
thither an agent charged with letters in reply to those
which Dcst Mahommed Khan had been the first to address
to us.
Such is the clear and simple statement of the circum-
stances which have led to the momentary appearance of a
Russian traveller at Cabool. It had for its object neither
a treaty of commerce nor any political combination what-
ever, which a third Power could have reason to complain
of, or to take umbrage at. It has produced, 'and was in-
' tended to prcduce, but one result ; that of making us
acquainted with a country separated from our frontier by
great distances, which oblige our Government to increase
its precautions, in order that - the activity of one com-
merce should not run the risk of engaging there in ruinous
enterprises, without having been enlightened beforehand
as to the chlinces to which it might be exposed.
In thus replacing the facts in their full truth, our Ca
binet can offer to that of London the positive assurance
that, in the mission of M. Witkewitch ( Vicovich) to
Cabool, and in the instructions with which he was
furnished, there has not existed the smallest design hos.
tile to the English Government, nor the smallest idea of
injuring the tranquillity of the British possessions in India.
If there is one Power which might have any appre-
hension to entertain, or any complaint to prefer, it would
be Russia, who is not ignorant of the indefatigable acti-
vity displayed by English travellers to spread disquiet
among the people of Central Asia, and to carry agitation
even into the heart of the countries bordering on our

frontier.
Whilst on our part we ask nothing but to be admitted
to partake, in fair competitioh, the commercial advantages
at Asia, English industry, exclusive and jealous, would
deprive us entirely of the benefits which it pretends to
re2p alone ; and would cause, if it could, the produce of
our manufactories to disappear from all the markets of
Central Asia—witness theremarks of Burnes, and the ten-
dency of English travellers who have followed his stepson
the road to Bokhara, and to the very gates of Orenberg.
If we adduce these facts, if we point out the restless
activity of certain unaccredited and unrecognized indivi-
dualF, it is certainly not our wish to impute to the Govern-
ment to which they belong, the blame of which they are
deserving. On the contrary, we consider the British Ca-
binet to be altogether a stranger to the tendency which we
have just alluded to. But in like manner as we place a just
reliance on the rectitude of the intentions of the English•

Government, so also are we entitled to expect that it will

not raise a doubt as to our own.
Great Britain, like Russia, must have at heart the same
interest, that cf maintaining peace in the centre of Asia,
and of avoiding the occurrence of a general conflagration
in that vast portion of the globe. But, fo prevent that
great calamity, it is necessary carefully to maintain the
tranquillity of the intermediate countries which separate
the possessions of Russia frem these of Great Britain. To
consolidate the tranquillity of those countries; not to ex-
cite them against each other by nourishing their mutual
animosities, to be contented with competing in industry,
but not to engage in a struggle for political influence ;
finally, beyond everything else, to respect the independence
of the intermediate countries which separate us, such
is, in our op pion, the system which the two Cabinets
have a common interest invariably to pursue, in order to
prevent the possibility of a conflict between two Great
Powers, which, that they may remain friends, require not
to toueh each other, and not to come into collision with
each other in the centre of Asia.
These remarks, M. le Comte, which the Emperor com-
mands you to communicate with the most perfect franiencss
to the English Ministry, will serve, I hope, to satisfy it,
above all, as to the intentions of our Cabinet, and to place
in its true light the conservative and disinterested policy
of our august Master.
After having acquitted yourself of this first duty, leave
the goodness, M. PAmbas'sadeur, distinctly to enter upon
the questions more immediately connected with the present
situation of Persia, and upon which the attention of the
Emperor is at present fixed. 'Your Excellency will have
the goodness, in the first place, to remind Lord Palmers-
ton, that of all the political matters which we have had to
treat with England, that relating to Persia is precisely the
one on which we have always been sufficiently fortunate to
establish a perfect agreement between our Cabinet and that
of London ; and this for the simple reason that our well-
understood interests are the same with regard to Persia,
seeing that we should deplore as much as England to see
that country again become the scene of a political disturb-
ance, to which we could not remain strangers. Impressed
with this conviction, our Cabinet was the first, before the
accession of the present Shah, to- propose to the English
Government to consider of the means of establishing be-
tween Russia and Great Britain a perfect understanding
on the subject of the affairs. of Persia, in order to preserve
that country from the calamities of a disputed succession,
and of a civil war.
The result of this overture completely answered our
expectation at that time. The two Cabinets, you are
aware, M. le Compte, acted from that time in a spirit of
conciliation and of good understanding, which has fully in-
sured the success of all their measures. Instructions drawn
up by common consent, were sent to their Representatives
at Tehran ; Mehommed Meerza, supported by the two
Courts, ascended the throne ; and the internal peace of
Persia, notwithstanding the elements of trouble which at
that time appeared to place it in jeopardy, has not for an
instant been exposed to the. slightest disturbance, thanks
to the unanimity which subsisted between Russia and
Great Britain.
It will not be without advantage, M. le Comte, to
place again before Lord Palmerston at the present time
the despatch, which at that period he addressed to the Mi-
nister of England et St. Petersburgb, and which the lat•
ter was then directed to communicate to us.
Your Excellency will find a copy of it annexed. With
this document in your hand, you will have the goodness,
M. l'Ambassadeur, to make known to Lord Palmerston
that the same sentiments which guided us in 1834, and
which led us at the time to desire a friendly understand-
ing with England upon the affairs of Persia, • are now also
the motive of the present step, and inspire us with the full
confidence of seeing it lead to results fully as satisfactory
as that which preceded it.
Your Excellency will then without reserve express the
regret which we feel at seeing the relations of good un-
derstanding between the Court of London and that of
Tehran, disturbed for the time, as well as our sincere de-
sire to see them speedily re-established, on their ancient
footing.
Have the goodness M. le Comte, to add that it is far
from the intention of our Cabinet, to constitute itself a
judge of the positive grie'vances which Great Britain may
have to .allege against the Persian Government. Those
grievances, however, as ,we are not ignorant, relate to
objects of a secandary importance, It would, therefore,
seem to us'alle*able to believe that the Persian Govern-,
ment might easily come to an understanding with the
English Ministry as to the means of removing these diffi-
culties in an equitable manner. . •
But there is ea. circurestance,of a more serious nature,
and a.consideration of 'a higher order, which make us de-
termine to open ourselves without reserve towards the Bri-
tish Cabinet, and to communicate to it, in a friendly man-
ner, the opinion which we entertain upon the actual state
of affairs iu Persia.
That state of affairs is complicated, and becomes more
serious in our view by reason of the menacing attitude re-
cently assumed by England towards the Court of Tehran.
In fact, the navel demonstration to which the British
Government has 'ad recourse in the Persian Gulf, the
occupation o: the Island of Karrak, and the reports spread
abroad as to the approaching re-appearance of the Zil-
Sultaun end cf the Persian'Piinces, who are raid to have
placed themselVes under Eeglish protection, are so many
circumstances which must necessarily inspire Mahommed
Shah with the most serious apprehensions.
In this state of things, that Sovereign hats thought it
necessary to have recourse to the friendship of the Em-
peror, to re quest his good effices with England; in order
to arrive at an amlcahlo understanding, and to remove the
grounds of alarm, which the attitude recently assumed.
t 1 the "British Government, has necessarily occasioned to
the Court of Tehran.
The Emperor yielding to the wish of the Shah, 2oes not
•.
hesitate at the present time to appeal to the sentiments of
equity entettained by the British Cabinet, with the view
of inducing it to put a stop to a state of things which
if it should still be proloriged, would end by seriously en-
dangering the tranquillity of Persia, and would thus be-
come, to Russia herelf, a matter of uneasiness, which
reuld compel her, in her turn, to take immures of security
and of precaution.
In order to prevent in time, any further complication, of
which Persia would infallibly have to regret the lamentable
consequencesothe surest method -woOld, in out opinion, be
to sue the Missicus ed Russia and of Great Britain replace
themselves on the •ra ir,e line, and 'proceed Isigether to
strengthen the authority' bf a Sovereign whom the two
Courts have, by' Connie-en -consent, contributed to raise to
the throne.
• Thus, in order not to act at present for a purpose con-
trary to that iv inch she dcsircd, in 1334, to attain, in order
not to excite the di,terbances which at that titre site de-
sired to yrcvent, Englaud accorairg to our inCrnate con-
vict:ion, aught not to delay to re-establish her relitions
with the Court of Tehran upon their ancient footing, to
recall her squadron from the Pe'rsian Gulf, and to evacuate
the Island cf Karrak which her troops in that quarter have
occupied for a time.
On her thuS replacing matters in their ordinary position,
Euglsnd will find us ready to second her in the endeavour
to maintain, hereefter, the Persian Government within the
limits: which its own interest recommends it not to trans-
gress, and for ;le future to renounce every expednien Ike
that•eriiich it has just been forced to abandon.
It is in this reuse tt]at our mission at Tehran will be in-
structed to :let 1 encefor;vard in concert with that of Eng-
land, as soon as we shal have acquired the certainty that
the stea which your Ex,:elleacy is directed now to
take has at ained its end, and that the Cabinet in London
has consented to desist from its hostile attitude towards
Pools.

Our attitu 7e, M. le Comte, will necessarily he regulated
ZICCCI ding to the dcfini:l,c deterrninatiio,ln whielt the British.
Government shill thick fit to edopt. it will rest
wi.,h that Government note, to re-establish,sur"TlLYetween the
minions of Russia awl of Great Drita;nat ehran, that
happy agreement of views and of actions
.which we had so
much a: heart to form in 1634, and which had at that
time Leen attended with consequences so beneficial for
the consblidation of the internal tranquillity of the Per-
sian monarchy.
If the British Ministry, as We sincerely desire, a
re,,d2eides
upon reverting to this course, it may have full
that it will fiod for this purpose in the representativesurancj
the Emperor at Tehran, the most active and honest co-
operation. Colonel Dithamel, whom our august Master
has been pleased to appoint to succeed to Count Simonich,
is sufficiently known by the moderation of liis character,
that his appointriwnt alone may be the surest indication of
the line of conduct which he is directed to follow ; as his
former honourable conduct is likewise the best guarantee
for the fidelity with which he will fulfil the intentions of
'our Government with regard to the affairs of Persia.
Destined for the last six months to replace Count Simo-
nich, Colonel Duhamcl, whose &pelt= had been una-
voidably delayed, must, at the present time, be on the point
of arriving at his post. His presence cannot fail to have
.a beneficial influence on the counsels of the Shah, pro-
vided that the English Government should, in its turn, be
pleased to combine its efforts with ours, in order to restore
to Persia that repose which is to her a primary condition of
existence, at the same time that it is a pledge of peace for
the two Great Powers who are called mutually to exercise
an influence on the destinies of Central Asia.
Your Excellency is requested, by command of the Em-
peror to urge these considerations upon Lord Palmer-
ston, on delivering to him a copy of the present despatch.
We would fain hope that tha.sentiments which have dic-
tated it, will be appreciated by the British Cabinet, and
that it will be. pleased to receive this communication in a
manner conformable to the sincerely friendly intentions of
our august Master. Receive, &C.
(Signed) NESSELRODE.
His Excellency Count I'ozzo di Borgo, ice.

VISCOUNT PALMERSTON TO THE HON. JOHN DUNCAN HUGH.
Foreign-Aloe, September 5; 1834.
Sir,—ln acknowledging the receipt of your despatch of
the Gth of August, I have to instruct you to take an oppor-
tuaity of expressing to the Russian Government the satis-
faction of his Majesty's Government at the decision which
has been taken by the Shah of Persia to nominate Ma-
hummed Meerza as the successor to the throne, an event
which it is to be hoped will avert the danger of civil war in
Persia on the next demise of the Crown ; and you will also
say that his Majesty's Government are gratified to find that
the Governments of Great Britain and Russia are actin„..
with regard to the affairs of Persia in the same spirit, and
are equally animated by a sincere desire to maintain not
only the internal tranquillity, but also the independence
and integrity of Persia.-
His Majesty's Government will at all times find a rea
pleasure in cooperating with that of Russia for such put.)
poses; and instructions have been sent to the British Resi-
dent at Tehran, to communicate confidentially with the
Russian Representative in the furtherance of the common
views of the two Governments. I am, 41‘c'
(Signed) - PALMERSTON,
The Hon. John Duncan Bligh, &c.

VISCOUNT PALMERSTON, TO 'THE COUNT POZZO DI BONGO.
Foreign Office, Dec. 20th, 1838.
M. le Comte—l have not failed to communicate to her
Majesty's Government the despatch upon Persian affairs,
addressed to your Excellency by Count Nesselrode, on the
20th October, (Ist November), and, of which your Excf.l-
lency, by instructions from your Government, gave me a
copy on the 11th of last month.

I can assure your Excellency, that her Majesty's Go-
vernment have given to this important c emmunication all
the attention which it so justly derne.nds ; and• I have
great pleasure in being able to state to your Excellency
that this communication has in its general result been
highly satisfactory to her Msjesty's Government.
The leading principle which invariably directs the con-
duct of the British' Government in the management of
its relations with Foreign Powers, is an anxious desire
to preserve for the British nation he blessings of peace.
This desire must inspire her Majesty's Government with
an earnest wish to maintain with all. States the most
friendly relations. But as regards Russia, this wish is
peculiarly strong. Because an alliance of long standing
between Great Britain and Russia; commercial inter.
course valuable to both countries ; and common ;nterests
of the highest order; must necessarily lead Her Ma-
jesty's Government to deprecate as a great misfortune,
any event which might tend to interrupt the good under-
standing which so happily subsists; between the Cabinets
of St. Petersburgh and London.
But all nations have interests which cannot be aban-
doned: and which must be protected at whatever
hazard or sacrifice. And when those interests appear
threatened with danger, it is the •duty of the Government
of the country concerned, to seek explanations from that
quarter from whence such danger appears likely to come.
The proceedings of Russian agents in Asia had for some
considerable time been so much at variance with the pro-
fessed policy of the Russian Government, and so incon-
sistent with the friendly relations subsisting between Great
Britain and Russia, that the British Cabinet deemed it its
duty to ascertain by frank explanations with that of St.
Petersburgh, whether any change had taken place in the
declared policy of the Imperial Government with regard
to the affeirs in question, or in its friendly •disposition
towards Great Britain.
The dispatch from CountNesselrode, which your Excel-
lency has communicated to me, contains upon these points
assurances the most full and complete; and her Majesty's
Government accept as entirely satisfactory, the declarations
of the Imperial Cabinet ;that it does not harbour any de-
signs hostile to the interests of Great Britain in India;
that its own policy with respect to Persia remains un-
charged, and is the same which in 1834 the two Powers
agreed to adopt, (and which I must be allowed to remind
your Excellency the British Government and its agents in
Persia, have from that time to this, undeviatingly pur--
sued); and that in future the Russian agents in Persia
will unite themselves with those of Great Britain in
earnestly dissuading the Shah from engaging again in any
expedition similar to that which he has lately undertaken

against Herat.
If such shall continue to be the policy of Russia, and if
her agents in the East shall faithfully obey their instruc-
tions, there seems every reason to hope that nothing can
hereafter occur in those quarters, that can be calculated to
disturb the good understanding between the two countries;
and I beg to assure your Excellency that it is the most
earnest wish of the British Government that this good
understanding should be firmly and perpetually maintained.
The two Cabinets. ba ing thus entirely agreed as to the
future, it appears to her Majesty's Government that no
good could result' front any controversial discussion as to
the past ; and therefore although there are many pas.
sages in Count Nesselrode's despatch, to which, under
other circumstances, her Majesty's Government would
have felt it their duty to reply, yet as matters stand, they
prefer letting those passages go by, as belonging to dis-
cussions now happily closed; making however this reser-
vation, that her Majesty's Government desire that their
silence may not be understood as implying acquiescence in
the reasonings, the views, or the statements of any passages
in that despatch, to which I have not specifically adverted
in this letter.
With respect to the unfortunate change which of late
has taken place in the relations between Great Britain and
Persia, that change has been deeply regretted by the
British Government. But it has not been of their seek-
ing ; and has been forced 'upon them by the conduct of
the Shah, and by those evil advisers by whom he has
allowed himself to be influenced.
It rests therefore with the Shah, and not with the
British Government, to determine'when and how soon the
relations between Great Britain and Persia shall be re-
placed upon their former footing of friendship ; but her
Majesty's Government are led to hope from the last ac-
counts which they have received from Persia, that such a
satisfactory arrangement may by this time have already been
effected. I have, &c.
( Signed) PALMERSTON.
His Excellency Count Pozzo di Borgo, &c.

THE MARQUIS OF CLANEICARDE TO VISCOUNT PALMERSTON

(RECEIVED NOV. 19, 1838. ),

(Extract.) St. Petersburgb, Nov. 6, 1838.
I am assured that the Shah has retired from before He.
rat, and that Colonel Dubamel has proceeded to the Per.
elan Court.

THE MARQUIS OF CLANRICARDE TO VISCOUNT PALMERSTON.
(RECEIVED DEC. 5, 1838.)
( Extract. ) St. Petersburgh, Nov. 20, 1838.
Before I took leave of Count Nesselroda, I told him that
I should present to him, in a day or two, a note on the af-
fairs of Persia. His Excellency immediately said, that
upon that subject he had just sent off a dispatch to Count
Puzzo di Borgo, which that Arninssudor was directed to
communicate to your Lordship, and which he would show
me, if I desired it.
Since my interview with his Excellency, I have received
a few lines from him, of which the inclosure is a copy, ac-
knowledging the receipt of a note which I was instructed
to present to him, and com,cunicating to me a copy of the
dispatch which he has addressed to Count Pozzo di Borgo.
( IncloL ores. )
eouNT DUESSELRODR TO TIM MARQUIS OF CLANRICARDII.
(Count Nesselreclo to the Marquis of Clauricard3.)
St. Petersburg, Oct. 30 (Nov. It), 1838.
I have the honour, my Lord, to send you herewith the
despatch which I have addressed to Count Pozzo on the
eff,iirs of Persia, and which will have crossed in the middle
of the Baltic the communications which I, received Jester.
day from you on the same subject. These two documents
prove that our Governments desire the same thing. It
therefore Bees not appear to me impossible that we should
come to an understanding with each other. It is with that
hope that I renew to your Excellency, &c. &c.
(Signed) . NESSELRODE.

THE MARQUIS OF CLANRICARDE TO VISCOUNT PALMERSTON

(RECEIVED DEC. 5, 1833. ).

(Extract.) St. petersburgh, Nov. 20, 183 S.
Count Nesselrode proceeded to talk' of Persian affairs,
and of the note which I had presented to him. Ha pro-'
tested against the existence of the slightest intention on the
part of Russia hostile to our Asiatic dominions. He said
that naturally they desired to posaes3 influence in Persia
and in Turkey; but that such influence was not for the
purpose of injuring British possessions or British interests.
Count Nesselrode acknowledged that Count Simonich had
certainly acted in a manner of which be had a right to
complain; and therefore that functionary had been recalled.

COUNT NESSELIIODE TO COUNT POZZO DI DORCII.-COMMUN

GATED BY COUNT POZZO DI Bono°, FETI: 25, 1839.

St. Petershurgh, Jan. 29, 1839.
M. le Comtc-.=-I have had the honour to lay before the
Emperor the communication which Lord Palmerston addres-
sed to you oa the 20th of -Dec. last, in reply to that which
you; Excellency made to the English Ministry on the
suLjoct of the affairs of Persia.
Our august Master has seen with satisfaction that our
spontaneous overtures on this important question have been
received by the Government of her Britannic Majesty with
those sentiments of confidence which so positive and frank
an explanation of the pacific intentions of the Emperor
was calculated to inspire.
Our Cabinet, quits as much as that of London, has sin-
cerely at heart to avoid a painful controversy between the
two Governments, whose alliance, as Lord Palmerston has
said with so much truth, is so ancient, and whose interests
are so closely united.

Following the example of the British Ministry, we will
abstain from reverting to what has passed, and we will not
take up the allegations contained in more than one passage
of the note of the 9th of November which the Marquis of
Chnricarde was instructed by his Court to address to
relative to the late events in Persia.

The communications which have in the interval been
exchanged, relieve us from replying now to such of the
assertions of that document to which we could not sub-
*crib?.

la conformity with, the desire frankly expressed in Lord
Palmerston's letter we consider this discussion as closed
by the explanations which have just been exchanged in
London.

Those explanations have afforded to the two Cabinets
the opportunity of receiving and of offering on either side
assurances which bear the chracter of just reciprocity, and
which are inseparable from each ether.
The Government of her Britannic Majesty has received
from us the formal assurance that it in no wise enters into
the views of our Cabinet to desire to direct the slightest
hostile combination against the security of the English pos-
sessions in India ; and that, far from that, our policy in
respect to Persia has invariably remained the same as it
•wes in 1834, at the time when a perfect understanding was
so happily established on this matter between Russia and
England.
In return for this clear and precise declaration we con-
sider that on our part we may rely upon the intention and
upon the desire which the British Cabinet has, on its part,
expressed, to the effect of replacing the °Her of things in
Persia on its ancient footing, by re-establishing its rela-
tions of friendship and good understanding with that
country. .

VY
Our Cabinet, in taking notice of that assurance, expects
to receive the proof of its entire fulfilment.

Your Excellency will have the goodness to repeat the
expression of this expectation to Lord Palmerston on de-
livering to him a copy of the present dispatch.
I have, &c.
(Signed) NESSELRODE.
His Excellency Count Pozzo di Borgo, &c. &c.

COUN NESSELCODE TO COUNT POZZO DI BOILDO.

St. Perersburgh, February 21, (March 5), 1839.
M. LE CORITZ —Your Excallency's despatches of the
17th and 27th January, inform us that the affairs of
Persia will probably form the subject of a serious discus.
sion in Parliament, and that the English Ministry will
possibly find itself obliged to give publicity to the corn.
rnunications which have been exchanged on this subject
between our Cabinet and that of London.

The Emperor directs me to •state to you, in his
name, that he does net see any inconvenience in that
publicity. The policy of our august Master does not
fear the open day. On the contrary, his Majesty will be
glad to Pee that the explanations which he has spontane-
ously offered to England should be generally known.
Such communication, by replacing the facts in their exact
truth, will enlighten the minds of all upright men, and
will dispel the uneasiness which malevolence seeks to pro-
pagate as to the intentions of Russia.
With this persuasion, the Emperor authorizes you,
M. le Comte, to declare to Lord Palmerston that he has
not the slightest objection to the publication of the
despatches relative to the affair: of Persia, of which you h.:ve
been instructed to deliver copies to the English Ministry.
In conformity with the orders of his Majesty, I will
once more recapitulate the whole of the explanations which

we have given to the British Cabinet, and thus make as I
complete as possible the information which your Excellency
bas successively communicated to it.
I will begin, M. PArnbassadeur, by summarily reccunt•
ing what has passed with regard to the affairs of Persia.
It was after the return of the- Emperor from his last
journey to Germany that .the attention of his Majesty was
for the first time called to the serious apprehensions which
the English Ministry felt at the part which our Govern-
ment was supposed to have taken in the events of Persia,
specifically in the czpedition of the Shah against Herat;
an enterprise which public opinion in England was more
and more inclined to consider as directed by our influence,
with an object hostile to Great Britain.
So soon as the Emperor was apprised of the existence
of those apprehensions his first care was to tranquillize
them. He immediately met the English Ministry frankly,
by a complete explanation of his policy with regard to the
affairs of Asia. He declared his intentions, his principles

in that respect, at the very first interview which he granted
to the Merquis of Clanricarde. On my part, I executed
with respect to your Excellency the orders of our august
Master on this important question, by my despatch of the
20th of last October, _

That despatch contains a positive assurance that it never
entered into the views of the Emperor to as.ail, in the
smallest degree, the security of the British possessions in
India. It expresses, on the contrary, our sincere desire to
maintain the existing state of things in the centre
of Asia, and speedily to re-establish on their ancient
footing the relations of friendship between England
and Persia. It declares our firrn intention of con-
tinuing, as we did in 1834, to act in common concert
with the British Government, in order to secure the trail-

quillity of that country, to consolidate the authority of the
Shah, and to maintain him within the limits of his true
interests, by dissuading him from any fresh aggression
equally hazardous to his o:rn security as to that of the
neighbouring States. Lastly, it expresses our expectation
of seeing England on her part revert to the ordinary and
regular state of things, recall her squadron, and abandon
the Island of Karrak, which has been temporarily occupied
by the troops which she has sent to the Persian Gulf.
This overture preceded that which the Marquis of Clan-
ricarde was instructed to make to us on the same question,

and of which he acquitted himself by his note of the 9th
of November. We had just given the explanations which
the British Government was desirous of obtaining. We
had been the first dispel the doubts which it had appeared
to entertain. It had not had occasion to wait for the sa-

tisfactory explanations which it had a right to expect from
our sincerity. The Emperor had himself just offered them.
Such has been our conduct towards England.
With regard to Persia, the course which the Im-
perial Cabinet has pursued has been equally frank
and equally correct. As soon as we were made ac-
quainted with the embarrassments im . which the Shah
had involved himself, notwithstanding our wishes, not-
withstanding our counsels, General Duhamel, who was
then proceeding to his post, received orders to make to that
Sovereign the representations which appeared to us most
appropriate to his position, and to his true interests.
Our counsels may be briefly stated in two words :—To
re-establish his relations of friendship with England; to
abandon the expedition against Herat, which we had al-
ways disapproved as unseasonable and as dangerous; in
short, to return without delay to the centre of his domi-
nions, in order to maintain there order and tranquillity.
Such is the sense of the instructions with which General
Duhamel was furnished on going to Tehran.
At the moment of his arrival there, the force of events
has already realized our anticipations, justified our remon-
strances, accomplished our expectations.
The siege of Herat was raised, the Persian army was
broken up, the Shah had returned to his capital.
It only remained for U 3 to employ our efforts to re-
store a good understanding between the Courts of London
and Tehran. We have laboured in that work of concilia-
tion, and we will continue to contribute towards it without
remission. Aesuredly an exclusive, jealous, and narrow
policy might have counselled us to take advantage of the pre-
sent circumstances to keep alive the difference between the
two Governments, in order to turn to account for the advan-
tage of cur own preponderance tile rupture of their rela-
tions. Far be from us such a thought, which the con-
servative policy of the Emperor reprobates. Instead of
widening the breach which the late events have produced
in the mutual relations of the Courts of London and Teh-
ran, our august Master has no other care than to close it
for ever ; instead of perpetuating their misunderstanding,
he has sincerely at heart to end it at the earliest period.
It is to the accomplishment of this object that the repre-
sentatives of the Emperor have received instructions to
direct their attention at London as well as at Tehran.
Their efforts appear already not to have been without
effect.
The first steps which General Duhamel has takerysinee
his arrival et his post have been received with deference.
The Shah has repeatedly expressed his desire to be made
acquainted with the opinion of the Emperor on the actual
state of affairs in Persia ; his intention to act in conformity
with our advice; in fine, his wish to see our good offices
actively employed at London, to smooth away the differ.
cnccs which have arisen between the two States. Such
are the feelings which our Minister has found, and which
he endeavours to keep up at Tehran.
On your side, M. PAmbassadeur, you have obtained
satisfactofy assurances on the part of the English Ministry.
It received our communication of the 20th of October with
a jtsct semiment of confidence. Appreciating the motives
which dictated that communication, it manifested to us in
its turn, its firm intention of replacing matters in Persia on
their ancient footing, by re-establishing with that country
its relations of peace and good understanding.
By my desp:ltcdt of the 29i1l January, you have been in-
structed, M. le Comte, to make known to the British Ca-
binet, that in taking note of that promise, we looked to
receive proof of its entire fulfilment.
Subzequently I have had the opportunity of expressing
this expectation verbally to ,Mr. M'Neill, on his passage
threugh St. Pctcrsburgh.
He has assured me that the re-establishment of the di-

pion:athe relations between the two Courts would not expe-
Honed any difficulty, from the moment that the' Schah
should consent to efihr to the English Government the satis-
faction which it had demanded, and which it had a right to
expect, for the insult offered to the English Mission, by
the arrest of its messenger in the camp before Herat.
That demand, M. Comte, has appeared to us to be
founded is justice. From the beginning we had not hesi-
tated to declare to our" Minister in Persia, that the circum-
stances whichlad attended the as rest of the English Mes-
"Fenger appeared to us to be of -a nature not to be justified
on the part of the Persian Ministry, and to demand an
equitable reparation. We had expressed this opinion even
before the arrival of Mr. St. M-Neill at Petersburgh, resting
it solely on the information which the correspondence of our
Mission had furnished us with.
But after the more detailed explanations which the Mi-
nister of England hes himself communicated to me, and
which I made it my duty immediately to lay before the
En; peror, his Majesty has been pleased to order General
Duller:fel formally to adsise the Court of Tehran not to
delay the satiefaction which England its entitled to demand
for the reparation of a wrong which is evidently imputable
to the Persian Government.
Such, M. l'Ambassadeure is the clear and plein state-
ment of the instructions with which General Duhanael is
furnished, with respect to the affairs of Persia.
With regard to those of Atighanistan, my despatch of
the 20th October has already furnished you Some prelimi-
nary information, which I %sill now make as complete and
as precise es possible, in order to leave nothing doubtful
or vague.
I have already informed you, M. le Comte, that during
the siege of Herat a negociation had been commenced be-
tween the Shah and the Sirdar of Kandahar, with the
view of placing the latter in possession of -Herat, when
that city should have been taken by the Persians.
I have moreyer announced to you that this negociation
had, at the request of the Shah, been supported by the
good offices of Count Simonich, at that time our Repre-
sentative at the Court of Tehran.
In fact, by the co-operation of that Minister, an Act had
been drawn up and agreed upon between the Shah ansi KO-
kundil Khan, with the view of placing Herat in dependence
on that chief, and of securing thereby the trinquillity of
the Eastern frontiers of Persia, by putting an end to the
acts of plunder by which they are incessantly disturbed.
Count Simonich considering that he was acting for the
interests of the Shah, took upon himself to give to that act
a guarantee which the Persian Government and the Sirdar
of Kandahar unanimously required of him, as a pledge of
the reliance which they might thereafter have to repose in
their mutual obligations. Full of suspicion, each of the
other, they equally felt the necessity of appealing to the
impartiality of a third party, This motive decided our
Minister not to refuse his guarantee, which was demanded
from him both parties as an indispensable condition to their
engagements.
The Draft of Convention containing those stipulations
reached us in the month of April 1838. Nothing in that
Act manifested an aggressive or hostile design. A strictly
defensive system was the basis cf the stipulations agreed
upon on either side. Notwithstanding this, the Emperor
would not confirm the guarantee which our Minister had
given to that Act. The engagements recorded in it, al-
though purely defensive, were placed beyond the limits
which our august Master had laid down for his policy. Con-
sequently, his Majesty ordered Count Simonich to abstain
from makingihimself guarantee 'to a transaction to which
our Cabinet thought it right to remain completely a stran-
ger. That order was despatched to our Minister in Persia,
on the 26th of April, 1838, before the departure of the
Emperor for Germany.
Meanwhile, Count Simonich, without waiting for the
decision of the Imperial Court, had affixed his name to the
Act, which in the interval had been signed between the
Shah and Kohundil Khan.
That fact could not produce any change in the determi-
nation once taken by the Emperor. He had disapproved
the guarantee when it was conceived and planned. He
refused to ratify it, when it was given without his sanction.
General Duhamel has in consequence received orders to
declare to the Shah, a; well as to the Affghans, that the
compact which his predecessor had guaranteed, has not
received the sanction of our August Master.
To this declaration General Duhamel added,
That the intention of the Emperor has lieu), and will
continue to be, not to maintain with Affghanistan any other
than purely commercial relations :
That his wishes have been ill-expressed or ill-under-
stood, if any political tendency whatever has been attri-
buted to them :
Finally, that Russia will not take any part in the civil
wars of the Affghan Chiefs, nor in their family feuds,
which have no claim to our intervention.
Such is the language which General Duhamel is ordered
to hold to the Sirdars of Cahoot and of Kandahar. On his
arrival at Tehran, he found that I is vreeteeeeaer, ds Lerd
PalmerstOn has told you, had sent Lieu 'c-' r:2.;:ke 'tacit
( Vicovich) to Kandahar.
General Duhamel, forthwith, weLoout eprytegt for, and
without waiting fur fresh instructions, ,but acting strictly
in conformity with the determincions taken once for all
by the Emperor, recalled Lieutenant NlTitkewitch (Vico.
vich) from Kandahar.
Such, M. l'Ambasandeur, has been the conduct of our
Cabinet in the affair of Affghanistan.
We leave to. the English Ministry the task of judeineb if j
it can still raise the slightest doubt as to the sincerity of
