INDIA FREE PRESS.

PROCEEDINGS of the COURT of PROPRIETORS of
the EAST INDIA COMPANY, on the Subject of the
LIBERTY of the PRESS in INDIA, on Friday, the
23t1 July, 1824 —Wint.tast AsTELL, Esq. M. P. in the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN Stated, that the Court hnd
been specially called at the request of nine Proprietors to take
-,:ito consideration the State of the Public Prefix in India.—The
Requisition to that effect having been read by the Clerk,
Mr. II tt Ml". rose and said, that although be was not one of those
wt.o signed the present Requisition, yet it was his accidental ab.
swats alone that prevented him from taking that step. He
meld:riot avoid expressing hill regret, where the subject was of
sqelt, infinite importance as the state of the.. Indian Press un-.
musetleinible was, ' that any disposition should be shown In that
Ce vie and inere,especially by the Hon. Chairman, to put an
r ;to tine discussion of the question. . Ho wee not, however,
lt e 4
tether merry that a new Court had been celled, instead of
the former Court having been ntljoirrned,.because gentlemen,
eeieht now originate their views of theAubject in any way they
thigh: think proper without reference?. to what had heretofore
step proposed I and the mode iti which he meant to treat the
,f tuition was very different from that discloried by his Hon
.I,itienti (Mr. Kinnaird) at the last Court. His lion. Friend
had, en that occasion, given much intbrmation on the. state of
she Press in India. His argurrients respecting thatsubject Were.
a tercible, his details so luminous,' that he wondered' hie ail-
nrees,bad not produced a greater eil4et on the Court. %%lien
he sal a number of men leagued together to prevent informa-
titin 'on any subject from being laid before the comronnity, that
sierrininnity having great duties- to perforM, he could not help'.
Itiinking that there was something hollow, something rather'
beneath DC theirpretencea. He could we no other grolititl for
rit‘tsing to give information with reference to the subject Low
before them, it being atisnitted by the Directors themselves
that the act complailied.of, was one of forcible coercion, and
over.stretched power. Ile hoped to show, before he sat down,
that le was an authority. To judge of it with a calm
anti ititinieitionate mind, it was neeessary. that every informa-
tion elioulti be laid before them. Theyposscssed in this cotin-
it!, the blitseing'of the press--the greatest bleising they cottld
enjoy ;• mad he must•, say, that those who heal 'endeavoitied to'
+74ol:lke mess in,lntlia had disgraced themselves. The caiiiie
of Mr. Buckinghten wait but as a drop in the ocean , when.
placed in competition with the great ttoeStion, ' which. he
thought, was intimately connected with the whole policy of the
Government of India. Ile regreted extremely that. any Per-
vonal motives,,qrniny personal stmemcnts—more than was ac-
tually neceeiery to bring before the Court the conduct of the
Oorernot,,Xieneral, whose name had been so mixed up with
this transaction on several occaitione during the debate of the
last day—should have been introduced; because it directed the
attention, which ought to he given to the immediate subject,
to matters that were fur less important. Much mystification
`had, he thought, been made use of by a Learned Proprietor
( Mr. Impey) in stating hie view of the case at the former Court.
.That Learned Proprietor was not present, or lie should have
felt it to he his duty to show, that his (Mr. innsey'e) ignorance
of the law, as to the regulations which were Imposed on the
preps ie India, was perfectly obvious.' He should, be glad to
know why that Learned Proprietor always took his seat within
the bar 'I Ile was asked, whether that Learned Proprietor was
A Director ; and, as he was not, he wished to learn, why he
sat in that place which was appropriated to the Directors? It
was well known, that when it was proposed that his Learned
Friend (Mr. IL Jackson), who was one• of the Company's
Counsel, Arndt' sit behind the bar, the Directors took three
days to deliberate on the question, and then met it with a de.
eial, because it would be giving ton much importance to his
Learned Friend. The subject of the press in India had, for many
years, been so near his heart, that lie niust hitherto have been act.
'mean idlepart if he could not now state how he thought the press
in India should be conducted, and whether any regulations were
necessary or not. Ile regretted that an inquiry into a subject
of sitch vast importance should have been always opposed by
men, who, from their situation, ought to be best acquainted
with it. The object seemed to be to keep the public of Ping.
laud in ignorance of the state of things in Indio. There were,
he 'believed, persons both within and without the bar, who
looked upon the East India Company as a mere trading com-
peny, who practired their character for a given remuneration.
—But the time was so changed since that charter was first
granted, the circumstances of the case were so - wholly al.
wed, . that the man who directed his attention 'exclusive.
Ly to the question of commerce, mistook his duty as a mem-
Br of that court or ef the British community. Instead of
inquiring whether Mr. Buckingham was banished and ruin.
ed in his fortune, in a manner very little creditable to those
?ho inflicted the severity,.--instead of inquiring whether
lilr. Arnot was banished, and burned, and stink in the sea,
they ought to 100 k to the general system with which the treat.
cheat or those gentlemen was connected. These were "5' In.
Stances of individual suffering—threadslug
a of that immense n
which they ought to unravel, and which would enable them to
discover the manner in which the duties of Government were
performed. They were bound, as proprietors of East India
Stock, having power to govern or control India, to promote,
by every means in their power, the happiness of millions
who were censigned to their care. grim was a point, how-
ever, on which few persons in diet Court gave thetn•
selves time to reflect. They thought they did their duty
it-they received a dividend, granted a such of money for
toy . specific object, and a reed to whatever their Directors
thought lit to propose.—i ear l).if fientlemen would con.
times what change had taken place since; our first settlement in
Audis, they would find that our situation woe now as diffirent
at passable from :what it formerly was. The Company had been
e.evated from subjects to sovereigns. They were betted to take
,ntes•of their interest in that country ,
and their interest as Vogt
lasinien was not to suffer the ealsteore or sucho power as bud
reef:nay been Inter*. They heel 70 or BO tahOna of Souls
L.:n(ler their away, and to that population they owed the most
sacred, ditties. if :Mischiefs resulted to that population, could
arty one of them lie down in his bed; and say that he was not
in some degree the cause of them ? Ought not every member
of that Court to consider how far he had aided in producing
those mischiefs, by protecting the overt acts of a bad govern.
mint ?—(llear !)—He hoped the time was come when these
piling would be fully and fairly brought beforz... en English
public. They would have an account to settle at no very dis.
tent. period ; and, if lie read rightly their own acts, they had
Aryl conducted themiwives so well as to deserve much atten-
tion limn the Legielature, whenever the time came for the
renewal of their Charter. If they looked to the last Charter,
they would find their duties, toward* din people of India very
secretly and very clearly defined.: By the 53t1 of the late King,
it wee declared dist the object of this country Awl of this f.%oin•
parry was to disseminate Oolong. that peOpte useful knowledge,
"fttoral, intellecatal„ and religious.''—(llear f) ee-Such was
tte object the Legislature had in view in continuing to them
tbe sovereignty of, India; and that Ley,:eleture had a right to
espett that they would perform their duty. A mast import.
stet
_part of that duty was to centiliter how far. the existing re-
gulations were or were not for ,t)4O benefit of the country,—
whether they promoted or retarded its prosperity.—(llear il—
FOrhie own part, lie thought they hail not done their &Hi.. He
beilevtd there was a very general good intention, on the pert of
those who bad the management of Indian affairs ; but when he
looked to the page of history, and considered what man really
tem, both high and low, rich and poor, he found there always
wan A disposition to adopt Well Minintore4 As would promote his
esen individual happiness, ream, than the happiness of those
whom' Ito governed. Therefore a great responsibility was
tanawn on that Court, to ace that the government of India was
properly s.dminiatered ; and, if regutistione did exist, which
teated to retard the 'welfare of a single initivisluel, much leer of
Mlllions, dime regulations ouelit to' he revised. It was their
Nat and MiIAL sacred duty; as fic,streigns of India, to establish
pod goverotnent there. It was by goed 'coma ment alone that
anY'people could be rendered prisperoits andhappy c, and it
rsosatinposeitde for good governmetit tn be established, es they
wirld.preeentid tu a teci . Woes would creep In, unless such attys.
4
tem of sissies Wee introduced as would prevent the schlth feel.
irides of Men froW operating Lb the olettenent of this community.
Miat,theri, wits the best cheek for the purpose of securing
t rity of reasoning, he was led to
way time
ITeco."llq..invt4rryu, listehlictln acjlioradiri: ED the COMMOn PbEallel
envy atii'sdniirraion of surrounding nations. And why ? Be.
cum/ we To/mow' institutions which other nartisa,
cop"
novviedileirnetgi
ie,tyranny. did not enjoy. Of dim h'ltitir -
t:4,, Prete. at the Most valuable. It operat an a check upon
panne of every kind. 'lt expoeed abeees, Atagave such informs-
Lelia,' evaded every men to j lid refer hiltiselfof the coniuetosfuliis.
t4rtil', At, that moment, but for tile pruciS, they migll it be fr
lettnif under the 'Moat arbitrary tyranny, whilst the forms e
a regular constitution oppeartiil to be adhered to. —( ricer, hexe!)
• -Yin* no tyranny was so great as where the remiv"ibilitY fur
all utt we* divided eniongst individuals: and no one person
"i'd 41'• f..l.lrtie ktcoontaile, But tine prea nOtked all public pro.
"P :341" ; mid men in power, IrateVer their inclination might
tot, were ittivilline to do any thing that could bring them with-
in Lae Allbtor of tut Inflirenee. Therefore, he considered the
trZ,4l"alenittv t',,n,,Rllnfn_t:i:iod. goieinntent that existed. Ile
[Tio otoiwsybtilz: 17: ppliment to any gentleman present
Ihilithl *Of ifeet power i:"4, pl:'lPlOnt Inc WAS not convinced
alert' lIMPie. r.t0„,04.4r,:;),, a." d IPwinetej the hltPl"nc44d
pi,tiLtto. -34040, hf 174,, ~,,re /041,,,d ,4-t-,:%! !tirMognt our own pen..
with a microscopic eye, let
Akolili tern -44,4 its
1.0 the ~,,,,„,,, oi i
„pt., sioriid, and say, whether Ito excrete! ,11,:f„I:st „6tlttiabuer osaetr:
____t. welched. The- Peoeoatieuir of old oasis onlored"eu n
rpuit"a4r47
am ~,0,0,5f, tboss etetholttest in Indira 44, Wit knew'r
the, gisturbancee to 'Which' die.eierelq. of that p,,,,,01,40
tit.** gi iAil rio ; sia ifikb iould nut 4'4 himitt r i'liewPfe'
.0 r or

_cgs .tat gentleman was guilty m
a fo•eat inconsistency. Ile'envied not Mr. Adam the honours
that were paid him by this na.psiblic of India, when he was
retiring fl'om that country; but he would call the attention
of the Court to an address-which he had received; and to the
answer which he hat! returned, both of which were printed.
The answer showed that Mr. Adam took a very different view
of things at different times. A certain number of that no.
public of Benarert met to express their opinion of Mr. Adam's
Government ; anti here ho might observe, that no Governor.
General ever returned from India, whether be wni populor or
unpopular, who did not receive an address. Now, when the
Court of Directors received those addresses officially, and found
A and B, who bad acted in one way, prnised, and C. and D
also praised, who had dieted in another, how could they conic
at the truth ?—(Hear )—But if there were a free wens to state.
as Mr. Buckingham had stated, the motives which induced
persona to draw up those addresses—that they were all anxious
to have a little nut of the Governor's book—the delusion would
be completely dispelled. The address to Mr. Adam praised
him for " the purity, of his motives, the wisdom of his court.
sets, and the decision of his conduct." In the answer which
he returned to this address, he said, " The manner in which
you have spoken of my administration demands my acknow-
ledgments and thanks. The approbotion of individuals,
whose ability to judge of public affairs Is so well known, pos.
senses high value in my estimation, and constitutes a solid
ground of matisfiletion." Now, could any man say, that Mr.
Adam had common sense about him on those two occasions—
first, when be declared that there was no public in India whose
opinions was worth attending to i • and next, when he formed this
answer, praising the acuteness of a part of that public ? To
prove that there was a public in Win, the lion. Proprietor re-
ferred to the Arlene Annual lie fitter for 1709, in which there
were no less titan 20 addrcitsee from Bengal, Madras, and Itotit-
bay, on tits, %object of die attack owl,: by itstfieltt on the rata
King. With respect to the nattv,s, moon whom it Watt also said
there wit& no public, he would ask, were there no natives of im-
portance? Were there 'no natives of talent? lie would nay
that the natives tvere a most intelligent race. •Do away with
their idols—remove their etiperstltione—pnt to flight the moral
night-mare, which pressed down their minds—open the flood.
gates of intellectual' light—and you will find them as able nod
as Intelligent a body of men as could be met in any country.—
(Hear, hear!)—The lion. Proprietor then ridiculed the Mee of
the natives turning on the British Government, and overthrow-
ingwhen the governed were
it. Men never rebelled for mere fun. It was oppression
as no fear of incur-
ntliere
and intustice whibeh ctiarestodvrcertntimie,
properly treated.
mitten or sedition. What reason had they to fear a free press?
Wits there not a free press in our West Indio Colonies, where
the slave population was as 70 to I t There were no less than
SOB newspapers in the United States, many of them In the
southern provinces, where slavery was very extensive. in Vir-
ginia, whore there were 70 slaves for one free individual, 35
newepapers were circulated. Yet in neither place did they cause
any revolt. The Hon. Proprietor then proceeded to point Our
the injustice and partiallity which marked the proceedings of
the Indian Government towards Mr.
Bucking tam. lie had.
been banished from India because he spoke the sentiments of a
freeman ; while a paper called the John MX, which was tilled
with the most scurrilous attacks on Mr. Buckingham, was en-
courage& It Was notorious that persons intimately connected
with the Government wrote for that journal. Against the 'edi-
tors and proprietors of the John Min, Mr. Buckingham brought'
an Action for a libel, thus giving the parties an opportunity, if
they could, to justify what they had said of him. Ho obtained
a verdict with damages. 114 Judge, in his obserVations,
to the Jury, declared, " the% he looked on the libel with
!sexton" ()n the other hand, though twenty-nine numbers
of the Calcutta Journal • were selected for the purpose of
finding out something to prosecute, yet not a libel could bo dis-
covered in them. The Hon. Proprietor then adverted to the
case of Dr. Bryce, (an article on whose appointment es clerk to
the Commissioners of Stationary was the ostensible cause of the
removal of Mr. Buckingham), and contended that it was very
proper that it should be exported and censured. Ile had dono
every thing in his power to make himself master of every thing
connected with the dispute between Mr. Buckingham and the
Government ; he had examined both sides of the question ,• he
had sought to find out the motive which actuated! fir. Adam,
believing that, though wrong in principles he might be im-
pelled by a conscientious feeling t but he discovered him to be
inconsistent in his declarations,—he found him supporting the
John Bull, while he removed Mr. Buckingham front the shores
of India ; anti, under all the circumstances, he could not help
thinking that Mr. Adam had acted most culpably, (lim), and
he thought that all thole,: who Opposed a motion which had for
ohject the manifestation of such injustice would also act very
culpably.—(llear I)—The Hon. Gentleman thin proceeded tie
comparethe conduct dale Indian Government In imposing those
restrictions on the press, to that of the Pope, who, in his late en..
cyclic letter, censured severely the distribution of the Scrip-.
tures. The bigoted petticoat-embroiderer, Ferdinand of Spam,
and the wise King of Portugal, had issued edicts against the
introduction of certain stated books Into their territories; but
the system in India was worse, for It remained with the Go-
vernment to proscribe any work they pleased. •It wassail that
the natives were very ignorant, and that therefore a free press
was not suited to them. De admitted that they were ignorant,
and if it were so, ought they not to remove that 'ignorance ?
Did not the Legislature specifically direct them to do so ? The
lion. Gentleman then entered into a history of the native preen,
Which had sprung up after the restrictions had been taken off'
by the Mai-quill of flastingi. Six papers were printed in dif-
ferent languages for the use of the natives; but they were like.
ly to be injured very much by the new restrictions. One of
them, edited by the celebrated Ram Mohun Roy, 'which was
entirely occupied by essays In favour of the Christian
and chewing its superiority to that of the Hindoos, had been
given up, in consequence of the penalties which, at the dis-
cretion of two Magistrates, might, without trial, he iuffieted
on those who coded it on—a state of degradation to width
Ram Molten Roy anti his friends would not submit. •
After some further observations, the lion. Member conclud-
ed with moving,—
" That It is declared by the 63d Geo. lIF. c. 158, sec; 33,-
to be the duty of this country to promote the interest and hap-
piness of the native inhabitants of the British dominions in In-
dia, and such measures ought to be adopted as met( tend to the
introduction among them of useful knowledge, end of religious
and moral improvement."
t "And as no means have been found so effectual to secure
to mankind the enjoyment of these important' blekeinge, as the
diffusion of information by means of the Prase!
Rep,olvegt, Tha4Ohero be laid before this Cowl, copies
of all Minuttai and On of Council at Ihe'hithlcncies of

sue hour, if tte.t freedom of the. press which existed in this Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, relating to the public Press,
country, limited as it was, had been known in Indies. The and also Copies of all Correspondence between those Govern-
proof of this was, that punishment almost invariably followed meets and the Court of Directors and Board of Control, re-
any abuse of power, when a man was found bold enough to de- specting the same, to enable this Court to ascertain how far
nounee it. Now, if, in England, the press were an organ of so the regulations heretofore, and now, in force, for the guidance
much importauce, why should, it not btaextended to India ? In of the Press in 'lndia, have assisted or retarded the accour
what was India diflerent from England? And why exclude the plishment of these benevolent objects. which, it is pronounced
people of India from that blessing, without which the people of by the Legislature to be the duty of this country to promote.".
this country would be slaves ?---( Hear !)—lf there were a mart Mr. D. Kis:swan seconded the motion.
in that Court who would say ," Put down the press in Eng- Mr. It. Jacuson wished to know what opinton the Court of
land," let him state his reasons. But if there was no person Directors had expressed svith regard to the question which had
willing to try such an experiment, he would ask, why put it been brought under the notice of the Court?
down in another country.?..--Wear, hear .had heard, The Clerk,
.by the direction of the Chairman, read a resolu-
with great regret, the opinions of an lion. Gallant Baronet thin of the Court of Directors, approving of all that Mr. Adam
(Sir J. Malcom) on this question. It might perhaps have had done with respect to Mr. Buckingham, and declaring their
been supposed that the arguments of the Hon. and. Gal. intention to give him all the support which depended-upon
lint Bart. would have some force ; but he had taken the trouble them to give.
to contrast one argument with another, and they completely Mr. RANDLE JACLSON,-1 yield to no man,
enntradieted each other. The lion. and itallant Barratet was wring my Honourable Friend, in an ardent affectionSirnot _ ex.
.for.the
formerly, he believed, favourable to that (it he might so call it) liberty of my country, and the freedom of. the Press ! I admit
radical doctrine—perfect freedom of discussion ; but some eke that it is mainly instrumental to the preservation of those
cumstances had occurred, which wive him a twist of late, and betties which are our boast. The question between my Ho.'
he thought it necessary to deliver the opinion to which he (Mr. nourable Friend and Myself is, whether that which we so ar-
Hume)had adverted. The Hon. proprietor then proceeded to dently, love, can be best, preserved and maintained by what lie
comment on an observation made at the former Court, by a is pleased to call a free and uncontrolled licence of the press, or,
Learned Gentleman (Mr..lintioy) whom he should call the by that which I aver have been taught to think most camped-
:l.sth Director--(A laugh.)—That Learned Gentleman asserted b e with Wisdom, a fair and well regulated Press, subject to
that there was no public in India for whom a free press WO tie. legal and' constitutional controul ? No man has observed the
CeSettry,....4 doctrine against which
,lie begged leave.to enter his public conduct and career of my lion. Frieqd with more puhlil
protest. The Learned Gentleman admitted the propriety of gratitude or personal affection than myself, nor have I any reit
giving instructions to the people of India. He was willing to son bat to respect Mr. Buckingham. I have not the honour.
dinners information amongst them, and thus toMeet the wishes of his acquaintance, nor till within a few momenta have had
of the legislature. But how would he do this? ily imposing the least knowledge of his person; but I hear from every
shackles on the press---by carrying thorn hack to the system of Gentleman who knows him, that his character in'private life is
1400, when printing was first invented, and reducing the whole that dim amiable and worthy man ; he is, however, before us
of the millions of India to a grovelling stato of ignorance and this day as a public man, and I should be wanting in my
darkness.--(hear, hear Q—lf the wish of the 25th Director public ditty, while speaking of his I
scoeldcu conduct, dtidhencootudrot soot,
were obeyed, the desire of the Legislature would not he ()bey- freely, and avow thus openly, that with
ed.. Many of those who refused to grant infOrmation on this Directors in approving of the conduct of the Ilertgal Govern.
subject, who were favourable to restrictions on the press, were menu, thinking that if they had not acted as they have done,
themselves of societies establishen in India fin the purpose of they would have compromised their duty. -
(\Mining religious instruction, through the organ of that press The course, Sir, of my Friend's apeech„ must evidently have
which they wished to put clown. WCTe they sincere, or met directed your attention to three cansiderations t--First, what is
this hypocrisy ? It certainly was inconsistent ftp. them to say, the law which lie has thus been disposed to question ? Se-
"
M
We object to the organ through the Medium of which we eondly, whether or no Wet law has been wisely anti virtuously
haVe been allowed to act." .If it weregood to put 'down the administered ? If not, let Mr. Adam take all the blame he de-
liberty, of the press at Calcutta, why not abolish it at Madras serves, but if helms administered it becoming his high station,
and Bombay ? Was there to be one rule at Calcutta, another at while we give dde credit to the intentions of Air. Buckingham,
Bombay, and a' third at Madras P At present this wax actually let us not desert that line of conduct which we have hitherto
the case, Such was the inconsistency of those proceedings. The somewhat fondly cherisked in this place, namely, that of regard-
TI on. and gallant Ilan. said, there was no Istid4le slass of society ingonrselves its the Protectors ofour functionaries, bound to main-
In India-that there was no such bony. there, as derived be.. tamtheir authority when justly asserted and to defend their cha-
nefit front a free press in England. Here then tappened to be teeters when mailed as that of Mr. Adam hasbeen, both in writ.
some little inconsistency—for'
ustency—for he believed the Hon and Gal- ingand speech. The tltirdconsidertition which my Friendisspeech
lent Bart. had found at least some who thought there was has led -to is, whether or no it be consistent with sound and
community there. Ile found that community addressing a
a wholesome polity to allow the-freedom of the Press to exist in
Government upon its nets, and receiving an answer to that sal. our settlements in India, to that unlimited extent which. tri
dress. If the Hon. Baronet had ever put his 1141110 to any ad- HonourableFriend. and those who support him, claim as mat-
dress of that kind, lie was at variance with himself. With re. ter of right for the inhabitants et' our Eastern possessions ?
spect to Mr. Adam, who, in his defence, denied that there was It is important, Sir,, we should ascertain, especially since it
any public in India capable of giving an impartial opinion on has been so strongly questioned, what is the law upon the case
the proceedin,' of Government, that r illy
-. se before us ? for it is a great mistake if we think thr this right

a gt ie ...link that , as rig
of transmission to Europe has only existed since 53 Geo. Ili
Sir, it has constantly obtained through all our legislative
enactments, it is to be found in Act after Act, for more than
two hundred years; it has been a main principle of our Indian
Government, and stands as such recognized by the Legislature,
and by the Government, which halt uniformly regarded the
non.access of strangers with Out licence as the great means of
preserving the British territories' in India.
Some doubt, Sir, has been intimated on this subject, let the
Court, therefore, judge for itself. We will go as far hack at
the Charter of Elizabeth. now more than two hundred years
old ; in that Charter we find these words " none of the Queen's
subjects but the Company's Servants and Assigns shall resort
to India without being licenced by the Company, tspon the pain
of forfeiting ship and cargoes, and being liable to imprison-
ment, till they give 10001. bond not to trade thither again."—
The Charter of Charles recites and confirms the same, and,
inter alts, provides, " that the Company may seize upon all
Englishmen, and other persons in the Last Indies inhabiting
those parts without the Com pany_'s licence, as shall disobey their
orders, and send them home to England."
Nearly 100 years or more after that, the sth of George
entituled, " An Act for better securing the lawful trade of
his Majesty's subjects to the East Indies," enacts, by section
first, that no man is to sail or to go to the East Indies without
leave of the Company ;" and, by section second, that if they
so go, " the Company may take, and seize, and arrest such per-
son, and remit him back to England, to answer for his offences
committed there against the law."
Again, the 7th George I. enables the Attorney.lieneral of
England to proceed against such persons who may be tined and
imprisoned, according to the law here.
'rite 9th of George 1. was an Act for the further secur-
ingc the oitm so
eny'a trade. It enacts that all perns in
the East Indies, sonless suititorited, are guilty of a high crime
and misdemeanourt anti by ,the seventh aection, may be
seized and brought to En land, and lodged in the next county
g
gaol till security is given for their taking their trial.
'['he :13d of the late King, the Charter before the last, and
many' persons are still members of this Company who know
how much the subject was then debated : that Charter also has
a clause that enacts, that all persons not lawfully licenced,
tinind In the East Indies, the Company may take, arrest, seize,
and remit to England, and that they may be committed to the
next county gaol till security is given. The 131st section
agaioenacts, that being in the East Indies without the licence
of the East India Company, is a high crime and misdemeanour.
Now, Sir, I believe there is no parliamentary rule more
strict or undeviating in its construction than this, that when
the Legislature has continued for a long series of years to re.
peat the sante enactments, with all that experience before them
which Governments are supposed to derive, and that intelli-
gence which they are supposed to possess; it carries with it,
above all other arguments, an admission that such a law is
wise and good.
Sir, the last Act that relates to this subject, namely, the last
Charter In 1019, with the experience of inure titan 200 years,
derived under the Statutes which I have cited, and particularly
that of the 33t1 Gao. 3,
Which to A certain degree opened the
trade to India, so far from relaxing in caution, or abating any
part of the power that had existed from the time of Elizabeth,
re-enacts and enlarges that authority, and tnore particularly spe-
cifies the mode in which it shall be carried into execution, after
enacting that such persons should be subject to the rules and re-
gulations of the local Government, section 90 provides, " that if
any person, having obtained a certificate or license from the
Court of Directors, shall at any time so conduct himself as in
the judgment of the Governor-General, or Governors of the
other. Presidencies, as to have forfeited his claim to the counte-
nance and protection of the Government of such Presidency,
&c., it may be lawful for such Governor-General or Presidency
to"declare that the certificate and license so obtained should-be
void, and such person shall be deemed to be in the East Indies
without license, and may be sent forthwith to the United
Kingtiont"—tfilr. flume, 6t after trial."]-11 my lion. Friend
will restrain a little his impetuosity, I promise hum thereto not
one point of his speech whiCh is relative to the question in
which I will riot endeavour to follow him. The 104th section
enacts, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General to seize,
arrest, remit, and send to the United Kingdom, any such Intl'.,
vidual—a previous trial is not even intimated I
I think, Sir, there can be no difficulty in concluding front
these Acts what the law WAS UP to 1793, namely, that all per-
sons found in the East Indies, from the mere factof being found
there without lawful license, were committing a high crime
and misdemeanor, and that it was the right and the duty of the
Governor to seize and arrest such persons, and convey them
to England.
A distinction is made in this case; and I admit that, itp
to a certain period, Mr. Buckingham existed there and
what la Vinod a free mariner's license, his case being,
not-have mehtioned the mime of the latter, but that it
in that 'respect, distinct f).oin Mr. Arnods, and I should
formed a part of the Preceding notice. The transactions of
Mr. A rnot, and my Lord Amherat's conduct towards him, riot
being yet before the Court, I should hold it uneeeinly to enter
into any part of the subject, or to commit the character of that
Noble Lord, till we have Mr. Armies case as
fully before bs,
as Mr. Buckingham bee taken care that we should have his
case. Mr. Arnot was there without any licence whatever, and
it became not nierelyitte duty
till ivy Acto that rhaVe quoted, bald* rticular duty unde
this ry Act of 1813, by the 37th section pa
of which, theGover-
r
of the Governor-General under
nom lit India are forbidden to sanction the residence of persons
in the East-Indleo, without the authority of the Court`of Direc-
tors ; so that had no other reason existed, after the paten was
once brought to his Lordship's attention, that Mr. Arnot was
there without a licence, it became his duty to send that person
over to the United Kin
hi Glom. Mr. Buckingham resideil there
however, under what called a free mariner's licence, and I
adMit with rtiy Hon. Friend, that it is the practice to give to
this licence great liberality of construction, nor do I myself oh.
jeer to such liberality; et in truth a free mariner's licence gives
him leave only to be in
y
the practice of the seafaring line, that
is trading front port to port, and upon the face of it declares,
that if in an respect the
party to whom this licence is given
shalt be found in any *ay departing from the rules and ordi-
nances of the East India Company, or the conditions of such
permission,frorir that time his licence becomes void, and he
mutt be-deemed'end taken to be 'a person residing there with-
out licence ; 1 merely state this, the letter of the law, to
remind Mr. Buckingham, anti those who support him,'
vnietrtO thetifelising the letter of the law against my
titieittortituect.:
Hestirigs'tind ether' persons, that they ought at least to
ac that If the letter of'the law had been put in force with
k
iestact to Trfr• .Fiti.ekinghttn, all this painful +Koenig= about

ham has been said to have committed against its fair constitu- take the charge of many millions of subjects—
the liberty of the press, and the various offences Mr. Bdhking- a paper in deep mourning on account of his coMing there to
tional freedom, might have been spared t for, directly as it Mr. KIN NAIAD.—The paper was not in mourning.
became obvious that Mr. Buckingham had changed his profes- Mr. JACKSON.—Do not interrupt; answer if you please,
l
sion and his purpose to that of a settled domicile in India, as but do not interrupt. The paragraph speaks fof nett.. And'
,
Editor of a Newspaper; from that time, upon the face of his he again asked the Hon. Baronet, what he would have said to •
licence, he stood a proscribed man ; and if the letter of the law such an attack upon the Governor of Bombay ?
had been enforced, I repeat it, as the Hon. Baronet (Sir Chas.
The Chief Secretary upon this occasion informs Mr. Buck-
Forbes) seems to doubt the proposition, the Governor-General
in ham, " that the Governor-General in Council regrets to ob.
could have remitted him to Illngland. I know it was the liberal serve this is not the only instance in which the Calcutta Jour.
practice of Lord Hastings, and of other Governors, not to look nal has contained publications at variance with the spirit of thin
so very nice to these licences. bat to allow gentlemen (and I instructions. On the present occasion, -the Governor-Gene.
assure them, they have my most cordial consent still so to do) ral in Council does not propose to exercise the powers vested in
who have obtained leave so to go to India under them, to enjoy him by law, but lam directed to acquaint you, that by any
all the advantages *Well an Indian residence can afford, so long repetition of a similar offence, you will be considered to have
as they conduct themselves with propriety towards the consti- forfeited all claim to the countenance and protection-of this
toted authorities, and live in due obedience to the rules and re. Government, and will subject yourself to be proceeded figst
gulations of Government ; but I am - bound in candour to con-
under the 36th section of the 5311 Geo. 3d, cap. 155.
fess, that if I had found a gentleman openly perverting the very follows a copy of the Circular, which had been sent to the
purpose of his licence, and publicly challenging my authority, I ea
Editors in August, 1818, viz. :—" Sir—His Excellency Abe
would not, had I been in the situation of the Governor-General
of India, have entered into this lengthened correspondence with the existing regulations regarding the controul . exercised
Mr. Buckingham,but I would at once have said totem, you have,come
y the overnment over the newspapers, lam directed to
.. ,
bG
in my judgnient, departed from the terms of the licence under Gov or-General in Council having been pleased to reyise
which you came here, you are acting in a manner which is dan- lowing resolutions passed by his Lordship in COUNCII"—Ihr
gerous and mischievous to the State, and I therefore, by the tut. follows a copy of those regulations which had been formerly'
municate to you for your information and guidance, the PI
vice and consent of my Council, order your departure feom the
settlement. But it so happens, that a treatment was manifested affects Ignorance of their existence until bin receipt oithe OM.
- towards Mr. Buckingham of so much tenderness by the Go- letter, speaks of them as " now first officially brought to
and
sent to the Editor of every newspaper. Yet Mr. Buckingham
itle for
vernor-Gcneral that it has been made a subject of accusation
against his Lordship for forbearing so long r'cim the issuing of the regulation of the Press." Let those Gentlemen belteve n
• that order for Mr. Buckingham's removal, which at length the- I.
the notice of the Editor of the Calcutta Journal, as a guise l.•
who can, that Mr. Buckingham paid 3,0001. for ~.trif__
and diacnuw
b:cira.mneuicinkipnegrhioaumslyhinmecseasfs,arasy.his
itistifiestion.
types and so forth belonging to two newspaners, . Buck'
Now let us see, Sir, whether or no, Mr. Buckingham's con-
duct has been such, as to justify the Government of India in
in ham, however, properly made an apology to Government fee
proceeding as they have done against him ? that is, whether g
his conduct—he- says, " I shall not presume to intrude on the
know,that any rules existed for their application ; 31r.
or no, in the terms of my second proposition, the law has
been wisely and virtuously administered ? I think it must be
the extenuation of 'my conduct in this or in any previous be
issued to
admitted that I state the question fairly, and I will proceed
stance, as de acting from the spirit of the instructions .
..v,
to a trial of the proposition, by reading a few short extracts, notice of his Lordship in Council any observations tending W.
not from Mr. Adam's book, but from that which meat tre,con.
sidered as high authority, namely, a pamphlet published by übinitting
were exempted from the necessity of previously s ,
the Editors of the Public Journals in India, at the period they
Lord Hatt'
went." Now, whenever it shall be argued that my
they
' We will pass over all the fanner part of Mr. Buckingham's logs did not mean those regulations to be effectual, or that..,
their publications. to the revision of the Secretary to (lovers
uncontrolled
,te:
history, he was in the same unfortunate predicament at Bow- were to be regarded as not at all restrictive of the
bay, being there also without alicence; I only mention that fact, liberty of the press, I hope you will recollect that they are eihh
to chew that he was ordered from Bombay by the Governor, un- the same sheet of paper with the revocation of the cent ,h.
der a sense of his obligation to the law, and after his having and formed a part of the same proclamation. Mr. B .
____.
paid great attention to a very long and able letter, which was ' ham goes on to say, " I shall rather confine myself to
hgai.
written to the Government by Mr. Buckingham. The effect ing, that I sincerely regret my having given cause to Ine.fti;;,e
which it had personally upon Sir Evan .Nepean is evident, ship in Council to express his displeasure, and more sOlgt,
the
from the sentiment he expressed. that he would rather is not an individual .among the numerous subjects .. the
that this Gentleman should -have staid, and have pursued benign Government, who is more sensible than myself e..,..
those enlarged views of commerce which mr. Buckingham had unprecedented liberality which has marked his Lordship's,wel
pointed out to him as likely to be extended by his personal ex- ministration in general, and the immense Oblitioll. D.lOO.
ertion .. yet, with this conviction, the Governor observed, that the friends of the press owe." Owe to what? Owe 1°
.r,kMl
he had' no choice but to administer the laws of England ; for controlled liberty and licence of the press ; or to iris
_",7fif.
such they are (let us have no quibble upon that term to-day). withdrawn the censorship ! No, but p" the imineneetari, A,
The law that enables the Governor of India to send home per. tion which' all friends of the press owe to the meal or
'"a
to this country, is as mach the law of England as any revised regulations in particular."
riod of
other under which we live, and. has been laid down as such by . We have here, then, Mr. Buckingham, at this early pe
the Legislature for two hundred years. I think there can be his career, ranking among the most illustrious acts of etni
no doubt in the mind of any person who has studied the history
Hastings, his taking off the censorship of the press, and stit_,
of this country, if the liberty of access to India now con. the immense obligations which were due to him on accoutu,...
tended for, had • been conceded one hundred years back, as to those regulations which lie had. been pleased to substitute p'',
whether we should be now in possession of thaterniglity empire. proceeds, 4. the marked induence his Lordship in Council .i'e
observations of those whom personal experience has enabled to
We are justified, when we look at this empire, when we read the
exercise of the powers vested in him.by law, will operate!,
,::
write upon its vast extent, its multitudinous population, and additional incentive to my future observance of the sOirthei7thri-,
their comparative prosperity, in concluding that these laws must pleased to exercise towards mein remitting on this occasion the
instructions issued before the commencement of the Ca
et.
have been wise, which have been etfectual to that greatest of Journal to the Editors afire public prints of India. in Aueitig
all ends, the consolidation of the State, and the happiness of its 1818, of which I stn now fully informed, and which I 11.,_
subjects.
Mr. Buckingham, however, thought proper, finding himself
Mr. Adam has done wrong, and so has Lord /festal'
il,
at Calcutta, with a free mariner's license, which hail been sent henceforth make my guide." If he has made them his guide
But if it appears that he did violate them, and that repeated
cat:;
out to him torlomhey, and under which he made various voyages,
and being averse to the abhorred traffic of the Slave Traile,which
meat of there being a great blessing conferred on India, pot
notwithstanding this his solemn promise, and his acknowl .
was proposed by his owners, relinquished the profession of the
unjust ?
will say that the expatriation of such person was unwise
Meeting which, hook
done without consideration ? Mr. Buckingham, like other Ken. Mr. Buckingham next alludes to a .
liceett
isteattnerf,diitcloyiieseniooutigsiclifettimetittaeldentntsttwiptthibwilledncleiwnasptuarpeehr.adNelnrdasowthedlis
1 upon the Editorship of two to that circumstance to introduce the answer of Lord Hued
tusihalkeemaesno,twt
oafs dprobdttetniotnonfryhintriisaelf, and he thought it right to place at Madras, to address Lord Hastings ; and I. only a,,
ouster
de st
preceding Newspapers, before he became the proprietor of the which has, in my opinion, been ungenerously
Calcutta Journal. I mention that circumstance, because I by Mr. Buckingham. He takes notice of the speeches Ea. ~,_,,,z
think it impossible to reconcile the fact. of his having conduct. that Meeting,' and among others of the speech of a Gahhhha
ed two Newspapers, and afterwards having bought, at the large Officer now present, Col. Stanhope, a speech full of generous
and materials belonging sentiment, and teeming with all those feelings by which_ A;
regulations under which, know that Gallant Officer to be actuated, and who has g a
experienced merchant a noble a
Newspapers were allowed ! That an
_,.!
ticlever trice
no!:
itad been published fallen, and to cheer the faint; respecting whom I hope there r
n3lwonoiitpehrlttilattillbeseliseltgcoucalkwaltaoPrrer,eosstllei should theeld have advanced such a liberty to the most oppressed of the human species, to raisel Piroth
let any titan believe but one common feeling in the hearts of all who call themselves
Englishmen. The Gallant Officer, in eulogising the 1",10Y
it that can, to me it is Impossible I
of the Press at Calcutta, this generous act of power should,
sum
throughoutofa mtohneesy e
tidne
me ignorance
nt, er ed aof
if
nwdl;aat.
ed the Calcutta Marquis, says, " I allude to the suppression of the censorial
k, be referred to in your address; the establishment of a
In October, 1819, I believe, he commenc
freeress in Asia is, in m estimation, the most magnanhnout
act of the .111a-rq.uis. of. Hastings's administration, and is thst
high-minded men.
Journal, :insult:olr,
t,ahwen
id,
displeasure
la,
el
eta
siusoi nine eooftnfei ontnitta(hltus
quotes, in
ney he
sao
nhw:sadytht the eh
that
iastfgoutrltiiusi
nooks,. 1
which will come moat home to the bosom of
Now, the establishment of a free press in India was, by with•
neither pure or generous towards his Lordship ; as if that can.
tiousliolgernau had proclaimed throughout India the uncon-
trolled freedom of the press.
, of national liberty, and
drawing the censorship and substituting certain thgulatioot.
etiNianohitln
I mutt, Sir, he excused at this moment for recalling to the and no man could have applauded Lord Hastings fort* doing the
recollection of the Court certain expressions which fell helm one, without knowing the act was accompanied by the other;
my lion. Friend Mr. Kinnaird, who not being upon his seat at but the fact was, that the press, so regulated, was, at that tient,
this moment, I take the liberty to refer to his name. 'Awe' I regarded as equal 'to all the purposes
were observations of too much importance to the character of the such was the boon for which they meant to
Noble Marquis, not to' require that it should be well understood The gentlemen of Madras addressed th
whether the sentiments thus imputed to him, were or wore not very flattering terms, and his Lordehip, in the course of a chain*
those of Lord Hastings? My Hon. Friend said, " the fact, plimeatary answer to a complimentary address " eh/ was, that the Marquis of Hastings had merely framed these removal of the restrictions from the prh bee' ast"siolted i° Servants."
regulations, to satisfy the prejudices of the. Civil
~ laudatory language. I might easily have asn ment
prece-
--It should be observed, that up to August 1818, a Censor. dure without any length -of cautious adapted that-
it
ship of the Press had prevailed. Lord Hastings thought habit of regarding the 'freedom of
consideration, from Tel
' proper.to abolish it, but, at the same time, as. forming a part right of my fellow subjects to be publication as a 41111 • 4
of tile same decree, substituted certain regulations which the urgent cause assigned." narrowed only by efketre end Up
Editors of the newspapers were apprised they roust conform to, urgent cause, hiii-Lordehi had that conviction of a epecith an;
or that they wpuld be sent home. The court will judge when the censorship ht, : p accompanied the revocation ft
they hear those rules, how far they deserved the anathemas the press free to Loistri,ip;
a series of regulations, which he thoughtti,,,ll ,
pronounced by my Hon. Friend, whether they are likely to pro. Mr. Buckin h
himself
thing- but licentiousness."'" ---a-ht '
duce those wide-spreading evils that he says would follow from ay th t g atr had lauded it, when thus vale.'"
what he calls the Extinction of the Press in India, or whether latior%Velandlat b essing that could be conferred unitm the Pa". any one of the regulations in question justifies, in the remotest I read, Si *
degree, such an apprehension 1 But it has suited Air. Buck- the r, only detached
passages, my object being to latt,fit
inghani, and his warm and generous advocate, dlr. Kin-
n a.. • with
naird, to say that these regulations were not meant by the right in that which they have done;
and if
you concur 1 t
Noble Governor, although he gave his solemn sanction to me in that opinion, lam satisfied will
you agree with me, th'
them, and that the fact was, "he merely framed those regula- we are hound te give them our su II - heart)
pport—t ear,
tions to satisfy the prejudices of the Civil Servants, who'-'`.The controversy hica
rgno. „, respecting the Post-Office followed, 1,..n win
randy imagined that danger would arise from the removal of 'r..Buckingliiitu thou
the restrictions on the Press, he threw them out as a tub to the duced to make such ght he was ill used, and was meg the
animadversions as again to call fat
,k 4
whale: as a rattle for 'children to play with, that they had no notice of Government. The
legal force whatever, which Lord Hastings well knew ; and that on the proceedings of' the GovernmentSecretar writes, " Your terthhhe
time real object of the Marquis of Hastings was to establish the are obviously in viol • of Fort Saint Geolitsh
uncontrolled Freedom of the Press in /hale." It is well known Your particular attention
anon of the spirit of those Mks to VI r PI
that no person thinks more highly of my Lord Hastings as the Editor of the. Calcutta b,"*.'
las been before called, and the unfounded h eip . dons Nei
than myself, few persons have more attentively stir. veyed in those remarks,
•
aggravate the iinProPrlj in
veyed his adminietration, which, taken as a whole, is i uur conduc h' ,n , tont is occasion
my judgment, the most splendid instance of British Rule I ouncil (Lord Hastingshl * The Governor.Gen!e lithe
known to our history ; and 1 can truly say, that, upon I impression made onyon btaalperceived, with regrets' t!arestly
no occasion have I ever joined in a vote with, more heartfelt experienced ; and I am kt re Indulgence you bar ;,`'e or-
satisfaction than I did in that vote to which your Hon. Court 1 tam consequences of o 'reefed to warn you ot, 'thtire of
unanimously came, stating your opinion of the administration Government. In the'yrur again incurring the dotspecoun
and the conduct of that Lord ; and I have very little cis contents himself wiitleisent instance, his Lordal3ll.7 %el/
doubt, that, perhaps at no very distant period, when certain meet of the impropriety ofrequiring that a diininct *expo_ ut .
sharp points shall be worn down, and good humour shall be dent apology to the
Government your condu.ct, and a full and i _,
for the F',
restored to both sides of the bar, that I shall have
tire happi. jurious insinuations inserted '
of Fort St. George, e,
.i ivf
ness of again joining in another vote equally honourable to regard to the conduct in your paper of yesterul2to the .
him and to ourselves i but I should disguise my feelings Calcutta Jour trey!." of that Government, he.publish leof ,
/ not to say, that if 1 believed those sentiments were
were justly int- extraordinary length, in which this e "I ct
puled to my Lord Hastings, it would cast, In my • 'ceined," alluding
opinion, a to his Lordship's speech, in answer zee's*
shade upon his illustrious and excellent
Government,which
, llndian address," I should be extremly sorry to see ! Happily,however, id. or restric I
Lord Hastings's honour, there is as et rieluseo drawback for my
abrogated I OAS of AugustlBlB were as formally and ethec,nivi.
from the unanimous applause which we bestowed duals, by this step, that is dabpeech ho certain wie,
eminent person. His Lordship's own language, and his timt
tvose as one law becomes repeale y the creation of altit of
conduct, gave a broad contradiction to any assumptionthatown
the former." and en es
are at variance with the OP" I of
he ' Now, I want to know, where is this 'doled*.
had acted a double part, or meant that proclamationtime Constitution?*
wise than as the solemn act of himself in council other.._ where is this abhorrerof every degree °,,r the
give you a tolerable high authority as to the i ; 'nay, I will 12_0tIsm ? who thinks proper,. when it suits:the ImePreteeen- /Ate, interpretation of "ament, to raise niy Lord Hastin into the veriest or he-t le
those regulations, and which shall h
efrom Mr. Buckingham's with authority so high that, by Ii sPee"' 1
owe mouth, when he thought it of importance I y a singe periwigs Is a ape. ma
to ilmself to answer to a complimentary address he should revoke a
acknowledge their validity
before Impunity had made.hire bold. Act of the State and abrogate 1 ' the Choc"- - I have stated, Sir, that a fewmonths
after Mr. Buckingham General in Council ! a aw enacted . fh: se
I look in vain to my Hon Friends is „0.
became the.proprietor of the Caksithr Journal, he gave fr answer! I want to see in their coun nances that•
holy tatl'es-
to the Government of Calcutta, it was in consequence of° ence
i don which should.flash.from the te'
and warm t"` ' paragraphs which appeared in his Journal, and I think you will trios heart upon the first advancel)atotriotrdertiesdespotism—butt
poi
agree with me that they were-such as one would hardly III" they are quiescent, and think with Mwr.aßuckingittm, that trt:
expected from a Gentleman of his refined taste. They caovne. are occasions on which absolute power in the Governmeah,t -be
sited of gross ribaldry, applied to an- authority which ought ht be preferred 1 I acknowledge Mr. Buckingham thwe., if,
always to he treated with the greatest respect. .You will a . man of considerable talent, but I must ask "..,„hi•li ot.
judge, Sir, of the offence, hy the language in which the Clover- with those talents, he really . thought that the live fie- tire
nor-General in Council 'thinks proper to animadvert upon it. any Governor-Gene:ld, could revoke an Act of the Legs r.
The paragraphs hr question are as follow t--:." Madrash-hWe Council ?" Mr. Buckingham continues, " I regret' "(L. evc
1
to learn h t etist
have received a letter from Madras, of the 18th instant, written b yhe for of your letter of the 12th instant, t hid)
on deep black.edged mourning post, of considerable breadth, hlitsve mistaken the extent of the indulgence and freedom wierent
and apparently made for the occasion, communicating, as a Excellency mew to allow to the Indian Press. .0 re-
piece of melancholy and afflicting intelligence, the fact of Mr. your letter of the 12th instant, .1 must-conceive the ,fa to
Ellintee being din the government of that Presidenc atence of those restrictions of 1818, which I had hehev• or
for three years longest It is regarded AI Mildra.l IR a nubliye, have been abrogated, as that letter makes it the bhalg• rt
.---- - m of of
calamity, and we fear that it will be viewed in no other ti -1
y offence, that my remarks on the Government •
Blt Sairt George,nirit
throughout India generally." ti • are obviously in violation of the srbdore
Now 1 put it to my friend, the . Honourable . Baronet, who ' lose rules to which my particular emotion has it pose
resided swine years at Bombay, if, on - Mr. -Etphinstont'a Sr. sTine called." This, then, is. clear, that,
en °tepee
rival to take charge of that Government, ha had been hailed I the Mr. Buc.kingliam to have been in Igo tires
to
by such a salutation, and the first moraing thin he upeeed his ;erten he thought. proper.. to give a . black edged retrihree
eyes at Bombay, he-ehreild. have enter upoe lis h kf bee 4 1 ridiii, because: Mr. Elliott was to, be continued 'l'oo
i roa est table , years longer
as 0 overnor of Madras, and to teach the En

1

f the native poptlation, of ,whom,we have heard. so much, to
old him, their ruler, in contempt: -
The Hon. Mr. KINNAIRD—No, that is &mistake, his paper
ru pot put ip mourning.
Janxioar—Mr. Buckingham does not say he circulated
t himself, but he says—" We have received a deep black
fed paper in consequence of Mr. Elliott's being confirmed
the (Government of Madras, a deep black edged paper of con-
ilderable- breadth." I desire it to be understood, Ido
rlntimate Mr. Buckingham the actual circulation
a blacksedged paper ; but I appeal to those who heard
men Whether there is any material difference between cir-
culating a black edged paper, and asserting to all India
that such a paper had been circulated, and adding,
those are his own words. "It is regarded at Madras
nil public' calamity, and, we fear, that it will be viewed in no
ethee,,_ laghtthmughout India generally." Will any man after
me he did not announce the fact of a black edged
Paper, having been circulated as a proof of the calamity they
were about to undergo, and which he (Mr. Buckingham)
thought, }s would be viewed in no other light throughout India
reranY." I leave it to the understanding of this Court to
dentine, whether or no that wag not npublication deeply dis-
t:raging to the GOvernor of Madras, and whether it would nut
enough to undermine any established Government, if con.
„IlltPt like this could he poured upon it at pleasure ? It is now
clear, that however Mr. B. mistook the nature of the regula-
re•uP to January 1820, he acknowledges at least, that he
lowe them now, and profeues his determination to be governed
by them.
Let us pursue hii history a little further, and see how far he
• has. acted up to 'promises and professions, so repeatedly made to
the Governor General in Council. In January, 1820, a letter
4PPeiied in Mr. Buckingham's paper, respecting the mode in
Which the troops of the Nizam were paid, and it imputed to
certain Public Pincus, that they, in order to derive a profit to
themselves, were issuing a base currency, wherewith to pay the
Native
troops, from whom it would be better, he says, to deduct
Zeetain portion of their pay, than to make an advantage by
this clandestine mode of paying them in false coin I I
Thlaktkat must be considered as a pretty dangerous idea to
-to be•sPread among the' native troops.—Mr. Buckingham has
elOre than once quoted the expression of Lord Hastings, and I
belieVe o
tire in •
f the Gallant Officer opposite, namely, that " Our Em.
hate hangs upon opinion," upon the opinion of whom ?
,thientisk be upon the opinion of the native sovereigns, or upon
t. opinions of the 'Army, or upon that of the native popula-
Vitt or ()Mem all three combined. Now, if it should appear
lil,lilthese short extra.cts, that there is not one of those classes
its,,,t_e?itlion Mr. B. 's writings have not been calculated to
0 ""` from the British Empire, and consequently to shake that
„nliellto its centre, I ask, what ought to have been the pro-
zwgs.of the Government towards Mr. Buckingham ? Can
Janata who speaks of the attachment of our native army, att
;pull? upon opinion, and who knows their extreme jealousy of
ehtt tile? conceive to be their rights, imagine a more tnis-
the; Qu' Proceeding than to insinuate into their minds, that
were paid fraudulently and in a base currency ? The rest-
.4l; Of Ilydrabad expressed his Indignation, and demanded of
up.movernment that the name of the actual writer should be given
4.1 t was so given up, and Mr. B. escaped the displeasure of
.Orartiment.
tett months more only had passed, namely, from that
td A.!rillai to November, 1820, when there appeared a Letter sign•
.€IS U 1 US. I have forsaken for a moment Mr. Buckingham 's
Pamphlet, because the instances I am now stating are not there
.te.htl Ibund, but no person will doubt them to be authentic, at
i thgra?Pear upon the minutes of Council. The Letter signed
,pulus runs thus, " no species of merit (I shall advance it
,oßullot Much apprehension of controversion) receive!! in this
tnetrY (India) a commensurate remuneration, but on the con-
'arr. every indication of rising genius is repressed, with the
m°" undisguised an
went acid inconsiderate watonness, and every excite-
d emulation is barbarously withheld, except by the per-
nicious ineatis of political influence, or, as it is generally termed,
i.t4ereatr now not the remotest prospect remains to an officer in
India of rising to a participation m the honour and eniolu-
rfts
ents attached to numberless situations in the service, and the
Man of independent mind, who disdains to crouch to and fawn
471 his superior, Is condemned to afflicting and perpetual indi-
!ence. His • condition closely resembles that of a slave con-
•e toed to the galleys, who toils with constant and unremitting
exertion in the service of a cruel and careless master, without a
qistatit prospect of emancipation, or the remotest hope of per.
Monad. benefit" Now, if our Government hangs upon opinion,
can a more dangerous paragraph than this be imagined, pet-
spading every young soldier in the army that no species of merit
receive* remuneration. When my Hon. Friend speaks of the
happiness of a greet community, he speaks of that which is
Impossible ;,self-complacency naturally leads to the over-rating
of ourselves, and consequently to dissatisfaction. In a great
Sanitary service like ours, there must be time elapse before a
bantams body of youth can be raised by promotion. If, as
!toted by Mr. Elphinstone, nine-tenths of the Europeans are in
Inelinny, and it is thought dangerous for any young soldiers to
I,l•4liich essays, was it not the duty of the Government to say,
IpPler° again is a departure from those regulations which you
auded and promised to obey." This letter was referred
`Y_ fuse Advocate-General, and proceedings were about to be
wolnutenced, when Mr. Buckingham did that which was
,Prudent for .him to do,
_he protested thet he had no
aitianegoing as was imputed to liten, s
ftlgrt-
4%*raiks' agreed to be farborne,
upon
be instruct hi* Counsel to lethe, motion which had
:A.; Platte in the Supreme Court by the Advocate-General
L,s‘• °Aldus' information against him, pass without opts?.
ax; rd. that he should address to the Governor-General
s'-'l4„itt gpology, comprehending indistinct and unequivocal
Dri. e professions contained in a letter addressed by him
e'S..s'"ell to Lord Hastings, for the purpose of the same being
Conn by the Advocate-General, as the ground of the
1 —""enitrl to that Officer to drop the prosecution." Whether
ny ill-ti Med lenity was exercised in this instance, considering
Ve nature of the community, or not, I will not pretend to say,
4g1.4 ofence was admitted, an apology was rend in open
• ~Ittl.anti Mr. Buckingham was allowed to proceed with his
l'eeer• ' One would have thought that there had been 0mni-
...," dlotigh by this time to induce him to forbear this dan-
o'n=lia 'kind of_ rmblication ! The reason of their non.effect was
tsrpt, that Mr. Buckingham, like Mr. Cobbett, sought to
th:ehnze Paper into immense circulation and immense profit by
k...oldttess of his attacks ; it answered that end by producing,
oe'srlars, eight thousand per annum, or four times the ratio
usAltlt of any other paper—but that which is safe, and even
cu from' the pen of Mr. Cobbett here, was dangerous there
box, Very existence, and therefore Government, as was ita
re ,``eU daty, reininded'Mr. B. that he mast conform to their
_ if:Lations, and
?tit But, to his own repeated promises, or be ordered
replies Mr. Buckingham, practically at least :
bae rthPePer must sell ; we must make a great profit ; we must
attutte e Rirgest circulation of any paper in India ; and we must
Ant a ean Interest a great portion tut the Peninsula rather than
v ceoropliah our purpose l"
spg loon after this another letter signed" Military Monopoly'
rou, re 4 that letter was held by lioverninent to be as dange.
st,t,_Ull ka the other, but he gave up the author, and was himself.
'lrtth no punishment.
lotaatleinneat fact imputed to Mr. Buckingham is, that when
g of the John Bull Indian Newspaper, which, from
acriaslunt given of it, I dare say was a gross production, he
otomt° noted its advertisement " an infizmous prorpeclus." and
on to
0t.,„ charge the Government, not the Clerks of Govern-
Government itself, as an Act of its own, with order-
som circulation of an " infamous prospectus." It may be
esta., comfort to know that the John Bull will be just as amen-
rnstow_i:zte Present regulations as :any other paper ; the Gentle-
, kin, ;I_l4le other side of the Bar, I know, have heard with great
putaicsetet any of their servants should have taken part in such a
on this
°wit but Mr. Buckingham having explained himself
net thinletc!t3.mat Government,
in consequence of his reply, did
vs_ _ necessary to proceed further.
the jr_rat, Sir, in order is Mr. Buckingham's attack upon
the ' °P of Calcutta. 'Now this Court will perceive that in
proiMilatiOng which he himself applauded, and so repeatedly
as oae of tttalt be governed by, the Lord Bishop was considered
was ,„• d„,se Constituted Authorities. That regulation, which
v'eu the principal one, runs as follows, viz. :—" The
itera of New,
matter coining 3PPers are prohibited from publishing any
vt e3l nu
eba al
i under
er the following heads : —lst, Aniinadvcrsions
Prpceedings of the Court of Directors, or
sstour.... tathonties in England, connected with the alo-
of the Local ma 4 or disquisinons on the political transactions
e Local Administration ; or offensive remarks levelled at
o'fethPnblic conduct of the Members of Council, the Judges
I,,,_.,apretine Court, or of the Lord Bishop of Calcutta."
great
_rtetaccke
to that
thought fit to publish a letter which gave
hot o that venerable and truly worthy Prelate. lam
the dms:,uu npon to go into its merits. We in this country are in
ofaS lie Y habit _ smiling at the paragraphs written :.against u.s
o small as he gentlemen who furnish them ; but it is not so
the veil__
1%5,9 nnlunity, and one ought not to be surprized that
Self hu;t* ole and excellent Bishop of Calcutta should feel hint-
rectty 4t the manner in which Mr. Buckingham had indi.
them tiled him ;he appealed to the Government, requesting
ke n •
llovesnrs___ once of the letter in question. It appeared to
ful to ts_cot to contain innuations so extremely disrespect-
A iette„public character of his Lordship. as to call for reproof.
and ast..`',seoensequence was written to. him by the Secretary ;
that Buckingham, in speaking of that circumstance, said,
than a n',„‘ really hoped, and thought that " it was nothing more
tars
diacussion of the subject."—To which the Secre-
arema Ineturnent replied, " that it was u gross prostitution of
sons represent as a temperate anti modest discussion, an
puttirnhee,i,4in.oo,uiti:izlimateiadactilloarirgofe,an Individual, involving at the saute
not the less offensive for being he-
deitos,„"'"Yi;in. that his superior might have countenanced the
s d tees-Mt4cl/ ats 0
, 'au. Ilhaving ammo' averted on th e impropriety of ad-
-40141,10.4t to the Editor of a Newspaper, instead

of the proper department where redress could be procured, added,
" With these particulars before your eyes, and in contempt of
former warnings; you did not hesitate to insert in your Journal
such a statement, from a person of whom you declare yourself
utterly ignorant, and of whose veracity you consequently cnidd
form no opinion. Youi defence for so doing is not rested ea
the merits of the special 'ease; but as your aegnment must
embrace all publications of a correspontling nature, you in,ist
on your right of making your Journal a vehicle for that in.eziee
of indirect attack upon character in all instances of a parallel
nature.
- " When-certain irksome restraint., which had long existed
upon the Press in Bengal, were withdrawn, the prospect was
indulged, that the diffusion of various information, with the
able comments which it would call forth, might be extremely
useful to all classes of our countrymen in public employment.
A paper conducted with temper and ability, on the principles
professed by you at the outset of your undertaking, was. emi-
nently calculated to forward this view. The just expectations
of Government have not beers answered ; whatsoever advan-
tages have been attained, they have been overbalanced by the
mischief of acrimonious dissensions spread through the medium
of your Journal.
" Complaint upon complaint is constantly harrasing Govern-
ment regarding the impeachment which your loose publications
cause to be inferred against individuals. As far as could be
reconciled with duty, Government has endeavoured to shut its
eyes on what it wished to consider thoughtless aberrations,
though perfectly sensible of the practical objection which at-
tends these irregular appeals to the public. Even it the matter
submitted be correct, the public can afford no relief, while a
communication to the constituted authorities would effect such
redress; yet the idleness of recurrence to a wrong quarter, is
not all that is reprehensible, for that recurrence is to furnish the
dishonest conclusion of sloth or indifference in those bound to
watch over such points of the general Interest. Still the Go-
vernment wished to overlook minor editorial inaccuracies. The
subject has a different complexion when you, Sir, stand forth to
vindicate the principle of such appeals, whatsoever slander
upon individuals they may involve, and when you maintain the
privilege of lending yourself to he the instrument of any un-
known calumniator, Government will not tolerate so mischie-
vons an abuse. It would be with undissembled regret that the
Governor-General in Council should find himself constrained
to exercise the chastening power ,vested in him, nevertheless; he.
will not shrink from its exertion, where he may be conscien-
tiously satisfied that the preservation of decency, and the com-
fort of society require it to be applied. I am thence, Sir, ine
structed to give you this intimation, should Government ob-
serve that you persevere In acting on the principle which you
have now asserted, there will be no previous discussion of any
case in which you may be judged to have violated those laws
of moral candour and essential justice, which are equally binding
on all descriptions of the community. You will at once be ap-
prised that your licence to reside in India is annulled, and you
will be required to furnish security for your quitting the country
by the earliest convenient opportunity." Mr. Buckingham
answered this by another letter of prodigious length, occupying
nearly eight:closely printed columns I now he or his friends can
call the Government of Bengal to account for want of candour
and good naturee who travelled through the longest epistles I.
ever read upon such an occasion, I am utterly at a loss to con-
ceive; the Secretary, in answer, informed Mr. Buckingham,
that his letter " had produced no change in the sentiments and
resolutions of Government already communicated to him on
the 17th of July." Here the correspondence on this subject
closed, but Mr. Buckingham continued to proceed in a cause,
which, it must be obvious to every man, was repugnant to regu-
lations deemed necessary, to the good government of the British
territories. One would have thought that intimations so plain-
ly and frankly communicated, would have been sufficient to
have induced him to have altered his course, but the alteration
of that course would have been a diminution of his profit, and
lie had embarked in a speculation, in which, although it had
failed, he thought he might go to a certain length, and then
put a native Editor in his places who might set authority at
defiance
With respect, Sir, to the last offeuce. I am desirous to men-
tion it particularly, because I think Mr. Adam has been most
unjustly treated by those who have argued on the other aisle of
this case; the whole matter has been treated as if Mr. Adam
acted singly, though lie acted in concurrence with the other
Members of Government ; but that fact is suppretised, every
term that is invidious towards Mr. Adam has been applied
personally to him, which is among the reasons for my craving
your attention to the reading of these extracts. Do not let that
Gentleman's character
go unsupported. Mr. Buckingham
speaks of Mr. Adarn having done this and that, as
if Lord Hastings himself would not have so acted ; but
I would ask was there any act done without the authority
of that Nobleman, except the actual withdrawing of Mr.
Buckinghavn's licence, after Lord Hastings had- declared
the circumstances under which it should be • withdrawn,
without further notice, and that Mr. Buckingham had assidu-
ously placed himself in that very predicament. The officers
of Government brought an action against Mr. Buckingham in
the July following, but, while this trial was pending, he circu-
lated a variety of papers calculated to influence the .Jury as to
their verdict, reviling the Grand Jury for having found a bill,
and making such remarks as induced the Advocate-Oerieral to
move for A criminal information against him, for having endea-
vours tt., ttnisiwildli, to influence the minds nf ;he,Jury. The
ntoeteMort'.w.•sff...***4444l;:oasiasb444-,44144/e44l4.44Xacalike

f am`sbentto real. The question before the learned Jude
whether he-shOuldreCerd 'in the Supreme Court those r -
gulationi, which, since the departure of Lord Hastings, the
Governor-General in. Council, had thought proper to reaolsie
upon ? For thuttilihny Goverito. as a right to say, under the
534 of the late .King, you e • -oaform to such and such
regulations .I will send you es had been the case with
the regulations of Augbst 1818, yet by making them matter of
record in'the Superior Coert; either native or European, might
be proceeded main. et by interference for the breach of any one
of those regulanoes, which have been So reviled to-day, and
charged with carrying back to the dark ages the natives of this
immense Empire! They arc to Canna relapse into thebarbarisma
of the 14th century, before printing was invented, and to cast a .
deep shade over the Intellectual hemisphere of India! Now, let
me put it to my lion. Friend candidly to say, what restriction
to works of literature or science, would be imposed by there re-'
gelation*? What virtuous effort of the human mind may not
be now published in India ? The works of Shakspeare or
Milton, of Steele, Addison, Pope, or Gay, the labours .cif,
Newton or Locke ? What was there delightful in poetry, or in-1
structive in ptoAe, which might not appear? Should men ri.eewp,
capable of giving to the Indian public a Spectator,* Teeter, or
a Ci.erdian, or such allegories at those of llawkeaworth and
Johnson, would they not be hailed with admiration ? Was
there, in short, a page which had been written during what had
been called the golden age Of literature in country, ore page
in the almost immortal works of Sir Wm. Jonas, to which the
press of Calcutta was opt, at this hour open ? To what, in.
deed, was it not open, except to treason, sedition, and libel ?
But, Sir, let us hear what Sir Francis Whiaghten says
of these regulations—this patriotic Judge, whom we have'
heard this day reviled in his turn. I have never in my life
heard out of the mouth of a Judie a clearer or more dispee-
sionate argument; but Mr, Buckingham is very capricious in
his likes and dislikes—there is scarcely one person of eminence
thatlie has not at one time praised, and at another time con-
demned. He is capricious as a youthful lover. First, my Lord
Hastings falls under hie displeasure; next, his favourite Judge,
Sir Francis M`Naghten ; and, lastly, the eloquent Advocate
who haellitood by him on all occasions, Mr. Ferguson. In the
beginning of the work he has held up these distinguished per-
sons as examples to others, and he has concluded his publics.
cations wlthpassing the severest censure upon them!
Sir Francis hi‘Naghtdbeing about to adjudicate whether
the Supreme Court ahoUld consent to Make the regulations
proposed by the Governor-General matter of record, and there-
by matter of law, takes a step, of itself sufficient, to !thew that
freedom of the highest order exists in India. It had been sug-
gested to him that he need not hear argument against these re-
gulations, they were merely matter between the Judges of the
e
Supreme Court and the Governor in Council. No, says Sir
Francis M'Naghten, all the world ehallhear, and object, if it
pleases. The Act says, there shall be twenty days between
publication and the date of the record, and it must mean that
all men may come into the Court, and object,—let them do so.
d I d
.Mr. remilo
willhearwfsian‘ be heardteveryina my
n has to say before I record
them. lie accordingly heard Mr. Buckingham's el-de-vent
friend,
rrnien
friend, Mr. Tenon, and
he heard the memorial of those six nativee, which we have
heard read ; edict Air. Buckingham taught some wan to
write as lie does, or himself was its author !
Mr. BD eXI NO Ira At —I was not in India at the time.
Mr. JACKSON--O man can read that petition without con-
cluding by whom it had been prepared ; it is most ably done,
and I will not let Mr. Buckingham's modesty, excessive as it
' is, stand between him and his-honest fame ! I believe that he
drew up that petition I shall conclude, Sir, by reading what
I stated as delivered by Sir Francis 111‘Naghten.
" lie said he believed (and it was a great gratification to him
to believe it), that there was not upon the face of the earth a
place in which there was more real and practical liberty than
was at this moment existing in the City of Calcutta. He be-
lieved there was no place in which industry was alike free in its
exercise, or better secured in the enjoyment of its acquisitions ;
that there was no place where it was likely to be so effectually
aided, if it hail any thing like a claim to assistance. lie said
it was many years since hire load last arrived, that he had never
heard of any individual who could justly complain of the con•
duct of the Government; that his believetlei snore mild, lenient.
or indulgent one, never existed; and fur himself, he ventured
to.say, it' any act of tyranny or oppression was brought to his
notice, in any way, that he would most earnestly join in resist-
ance to it by all the means that were not forbidden by law ;
that he would remonstrate, and petition, and could not believe
that redress would be denied, or that checks would not ba'ap-
plit..d which might effectually prevent a recurrence of the evils
complained of. He avowed his belief, however, that no benefit
would be derived, and thought no benefit ought to be derived,
from disrespect to the Government ; and as no grievance in
reality existed, he thought the stability of a Goverment, under
which such advantages were enjoyed; ought never to be endan-
gered by mere speculative discussions, which certainly vet) few
of the community could derive any benefit from ; and those
few, perhaps, not the most worthy of consideration. W here. he
would ask, are people mote substantially independent to be
found ? There is no place where men can declare and assert
their rights with more fearlessness and security. Every thing
which it is of importance to maintain, may be maintabied and
asserted without any fear of the consequences, and a Govern-
ment under which so much Is enjoyed, would not, he hoped, be
endangered for the gratification of a few, who very possibly
c":6l::::rly*:l:istl74'ilie."al7llthora"zity w3ehleti:leisucpuzi :no); theories that
trtlwte,:,
no Man nas any real interest n, "stir! which cannot be amp 1

himself, as we shall see, to soosi.les ties regulations of 1813 a'
" waste paper," and had determined on the plan of emotion,
unbaniehable Editor, in case lie itioisOlf.should be obliged to
sound a retreat. There was no othse way of meeting this era-
eiOn, and of Government securing itself.against a native Editor,
titan the calling into aid some law whieli should oblige pative
as well as other Editota to apply for licences, I will not at
this moinent say whether ti:is Act, and she RegulatiOns which
foilewed it, may not admit of %Toe amendment ; and if my
Honourable Friend should think fit to proposes that both
the Act and the Regulations should be laid before the
Court for its consideration, I sheuld have no objection to
such a motion, I am wilting to see if they can ba rendered more
liberal or more certain ; but I cannot consent that Mr. eldam'e
character should be hung up, or the Bengal Government go
without due support, until my lion. Friend has procured the
nublication of a voluminous macs of papers; all of'Which he has
in the course of his stseech shewn himself to be in peaseasion of,
and which the defendant, if I may so call him,. has already
communicated to the public through the medium of the press.
Sir, I think, we have enough betore us, and that I have read
zi
to read,'
to prove that the conduct of the Bengal Government'
was strictly right. have bat one more pass
which relates to some strictures which hail given offence to our
old and firm ally, the Sovereign rtf °tide ; this had induced a
circular from Government to the Editors of Newspapers- The
Secretary writes: " I am directed to communicate to you the de-
sire of the most Noble theGovernor-tieneral in Council, that you
will refrain from inserting in your paper env of those strictures
for which the information must at least be loose, but 'probably
invidious, while their purport is wantonly insulting to a Sove.
reign who has shewn the wannest attachment to the British
interest." It is amusg to observe th plot of conseuence
at which the Editor of the Calcutta Joe urno
al had t 5 thiqs time
arrived, and the conclusions which he had now come W. As to,
"
threats of displeasure from Government, he says, in his remarks
upon this last admonition, in point of fact, and
in point of
lass, the restrictions of August, 1811," restrictions which himself
had applauded and repeatedly prorniated his profound obedience
to, "era mete waste parcr / they have never been passed into a
'regulation in the only legal manner in which regulations can
acquire the force of law, be the sanction of the Supreme Court ;
and are of no more force or value than would be ti circular of the
Governor-General in Council, cointitasallso us to give up our
rweserideetnocveisfiotrCathleeutftteLa7omrutio°gdaivtie°llllpoofUtrhbatid-iCett;tqg of
nss s°esteulge' lioif he
, and
ofon rthtaeblegetonclytisilseorvusavin.tat.,"totifft4insttiott;!inoWeka
goes on thus •
q cure .sn
oe sr ofa es.
no7mr
ae
" The communication of this daaire of' the L:ove
in Council, is at least entitled to as much, regard, h ,011,• -
sr:i an
abstinence irons strictures on acts for which the information or
authority is loose, and the motives of comment probably Invi..
dious ; it ask: ter to abstain from the publication of that which.
is wantonly insulting to a Sovereign, who is at least attached to.
the British Government, and who, it might be added, does not,
sufficiently comprehend the nature of free discussivn, to sup-
pose it can possibly be permitted on his acts, without the Eng-
lish Government at least approving the censures passed on his
conduct. The request is a very reasonable one, taking into
acsvuzit the limitations stated, and when It makes a reasonsibte
?vines!, it would be unreasonable indeed not to comply with it;
but there its merits feet."
Here., then. Sir, is this free mariner, at last planting his foot
upon the neck ofGovernment, even upon the neck of those
whom three years before he had, addressed in terms almost of
servility ; and by whom he had been repeatedly told what
must be the consequence of such conduct, indeed there is
no end of his warnings. I have now read no fewet than .tire or
six of theta!
We are not here, Sir, to measure the discretion of the ap-
pointment of civil officers to any particule • situations; I am
not myself friendly to the annexing of Spiritual and Lay offices.
I think that many who are anxious to support the Established
Church of this country, risk its welfare by appointing so many
of the Clergy to the Commission of the Peace, thereby remov-
ing to the austere elevation of use Bench those who should cul-
tivate all those meek, generous, and charitable feelings which
are essential to an affectionate and free spiritual Intercourse with
their flocks, whose sickbeds they should be ever ready to visit.
and administer consolation very different from the mandates of
a Judge. But this was no excuse for 11r. Buckingham, who
treated the appointment of Dr. Bryce in a manner disrespectful
to Government, and in the teeth of the regulations. Hitherto
every act respecting Ms. Buckingham had been under the au-
personal knowledge,
tahoodr i
ot yo
ef
mL
oo
rr
ed }sloes:hi
anngilhaendlasr a.hisUbrisance, that for the next
offence his licence should be revoked without further notice.—
This meal of his licence was done upon a review of his whole
conduct, anti not, as has been erroneously asserted, on account
of the animadversions made on the appointment of' Dr. Bryce;
whoever will take the trouble to read the order, will find that it
expresses for what reason the licenee is withdrawn ; it runs
thus :—" The Governor-General in Council having taken into
his consideration the repeated and systematic violations, by
AIL Buckingham, the ISditor of the CoLnitta Journal of the
rules issued by Government on the 19th August, 1818, for the
guidance of the Editors of new spapers at this presidency, (a copy
of which was duly communicated to Mr. Buckingham, Itv direc-
tion of the I lovernor-General in Council), and having by
taken into his consideration an article in the Coiceato Journal
of the Bth inst., page 641, and hiving referred to the licence of
the Honourable the Court of Direetors,,autherixirlMr. Buck-
-4104/444ifiltrt'gbe here relinet
and that' 01ehillOwing Order in Council, recalling that licence,
be communicated to Air. Buckingham by the Chief Secretary
to Government."

General in the or inary dlicharge or ma uusy,
been done by the Attorney-General here, and granted by the
Court, and it would have been tried but for a reason which has
been unfairly stated here, as well as in the House of Commons.
It has been said that when Mr. Adam came into power the in-
formation was renewed, and that it was thus renewed by Mr.
Adam, as the first and eager act of his authority, although it
had been previously abandoned ! Now the short story of that
information is this—The information was moved for, rant-
ed, and about to be tried, but on account of the coming home
of one of the Judges, and the other ping to flowbay or Ma-
draft, there was but one Judge left, and he thought proper to
decline trying the cause single-handed. This is a circumstance
which happens frequently iu our own Courts, a Judge will
often say—l had rather this would come on when the Court is
full, as it relates to a great public question. Sir Francis Mac-
naghten did so, Sir Henry Blossett arrived, and when the Court
became full, it was again proposed for trial. AVe know, that, soon
after, Sir Henry Blossett died, and Sir Francis Macnaghten
again became the single Judge, and again declined to try it ;
and before the Court was filled by Mr. Justice Puller, the
license was withdrawn, and Mr. Buckingham was
sent borne ; but the charge upon Mr. Adam, that he
renewed this information, stands contradicted by the fact, that
it was regularly so done by the Advocate-General, in his run-
ine of public duty, under the Government of Lord Hastings
'd 'ldea man,

Ay
are so effectually protected.
" The fallacy consisted in affirming that this was a free
country, and he wondered how men could be so deceived, or
could have so deceived themselves. Ile had never seen or heard
of tither text or comment that could lead him to believe the
rights of Englishmen here, were at all like the right of English-
men in their own country. Ile would, he said, speak his sen-
timents in defiance of any man's resentment, and he knew it
was idiotcy to tulk of men having a control over Government in
a country in which they lived merely by suKrance, in which
they had no right to be at all, earl from which they might by
law be removed at pleasure.
" fie declared that friend as he wax to liberty, he, like every
other Briton, had conic here by choice, knowing, or having
been supposed to know, that it is not a free country. Ile was
happy, he said, in enjoying, and in seeing every one in the en-
joyment of practical freedom in its fullest extent ; for such be-
nefits, he said, it was no great sacrifice to refrain from assaults
upon the Government, we should make but a bad exchange if
we gave up solid advantages fur the indulgence of a few in
their gains or caprices, and if we cannot have all, he hoped we
should make a judicious selection.
" Ile hoped that the Government would not, on account of
the misconduct of a few, be compelled to adopt measures of
severity by which, all might be affected; we have all in posses.
• • • -al he hoped the loss not

ttr SOLUT)ON.
", Whereas James :tine Buckingham, now, and for some.
time past, a resident of the town Of Calcutta, has obtained from
the Honourable the Court of Directors a certificate or licence
to proceed to the East Indies ; and whereas the said James
Silk Buckingham has, in the judliment of the Governor-Oe-
nertil in Council, forfeited his clam to the countenan:e and
protection of the sttpreme Goveroment ; it is hereby ordered
anti declared, that the certificate or licence so obtained by the
said James Silk Btickindiam, shall be void from and nfter the
15th day of April, 1823. By order of the Governor-General
in Council.
W. B. BAYLEY, Chief Secretary to Government."
Now, Sir, I have shorn, step by step, the conduct of Mr.
Butkingbarn, and the dangers which those who were appointed
to govern and to judge, thought must arise from the unre-
strained course which this Gentleman was pursuing, and who so
judging, thought proper by a solemn act of duty imposed upon
them by their high station, and no less so by their solemn oaths,
and the authority ofParliament,to put an end to a course of pub-
lication thus affronting to the Native Princes, seductive and sedi-
tious its to the army, and calculated to induce opinions and
feelings in the native vpulation extremely adverse to their

. -. .
a bill of indictment lay he foond against him he Mai? ethain
traverse Gee:runt& October, --ItiVialt 7 li 'lllll 41 tihai td
time to , bring the.Governstent., int* hatred and: cots 111 W
li
to hold. it in apendefrancelteStliernis.sresettaneete "' ' lies
Lordship,' Lordship,' brae:ease of ~his .reilien, evho:canelitieliesre. eel
Legislature inteedetttoemure the OovernmentagitilltitluistitCtes
front Brinell subjects; and lag,..itropen at thee Rene leitrinto4he
outraged of men who ctsitaiutycannotbe supposedtOltiteStllise
Intel-eine of England sdanueli at heart as:iltitish• aubjedteller*)
__.pirhat, he asked. heeleve witnessed?. ,ThoGniernsisentliad
thougut •proper to 'order Mr. 'Becicingltere(fhe - lief Mt& of
the Calcutta Jontrial) to :be transported to hie own otstantfre—
lie (Sir Feancia) did notehink.hinntelf at liberty to enteertrell
into the ' merits 'of - that proceeding... Sitting- where he ,latt, -i..
Would be; highlrimproper eint !heel -to : giee areopinien • of ' Any
sort upon the geestion. It may be et leas: assumed efftttel
order; in the 'opinion eole(ileverneeeit,- wees.proper e easti*SeStet
Was the consequence ? 'an immediate proclernxtion of do6Mu 1
declaration that the. Paper should be continued' open its forriier
plein , and en chit mute linsici pleenteseaueethe Veil tor to be aPftorei: :
ed would not hOwititin reach of the Goveromernesimnsodiiite
authority 1.. Nay,' they went further, aid otttoyareedthe ?fell e
and weaknees of. the Govan:meet inssineviss renstreede.Mr.
BucSingliant fineable office, and in nittitiOng co *nut4lll;-'
city as to discoverth • met t .berappeitff
who would be free from choir donuteel i that Govetlfro"tvW°l
aggravated the • evil of - wrack timpeoraplairsedesity Subjetiting
themselves too greater WE, oyerforren,this ention7.istodby: semi
icg Mr. Peuckingliam. to unotltes e Whers,:he could be Jae:neve
formidable opponent; and that:ditty had thus, instead °tieing
exposer! to On o batten; .• plieed themselves. between tar itritl
Tine, he believed; WAS the Theme which. the ColentgoJeitisits- :
was pleesca to adopt ; and 1m believed: ire had fairlyegivettethe
sense of the Menifesto. tie aakaCtifierty threeentneertelagtitio
submit to such insolence and outrage ? or if senses'suelew V;
could ,be ca-existent With Ruch .e. Lprees ? , Ho deeleteed,: Wale
Government had been in hishands,thashetahouldbesteebeteelt
himself justified in disregarding. fornmeiad;eoeideetealechin
duty to subdue such and such A .citi if be had powesesisfitelieNt
to etfect it ! lie believed, les said: that linsnes had thdughlidlis
paesiversess of tioverriment. befons.thie °Miaow mdriblte .• For
.his own part, be could hardly,bring hirnselftto thirsiteleniedey
culpable ; but he wondered theta aiegle: Calcutta JostAal,
published as many of them were, with a seemingelesito!ofsititi- .
verting this (lovernment's authority, hail ever latten,sitifered to
pass the precincts of Calcutta by the Government Ilworkti .- -
" He declased that he considered this insult to Government
eufficient in itself to justify some regulatiun: and toproveetliat
the law, an it stood, was not sufficient to protect authority from
insult." Sir Frezcia (=eluded with ordering the Regulations
to be registered. •
I flatter utys.elf that I have now assigned sufficient grounds
for the motion with which I mean to conclude. I have codes,
vaunt(' to show that the proceedings of the Bengal Govern.
nets were strictly justifiable in point of law, and that stitch law
was bj, them wisely and virtuously administered on the present
occasion. Should the Court concur with sne in these Gentle
ments, it most also agree with cif,. that you, Sire and your
Hon. Colleagues, would have compromised.yourdutyebsd rots
forborne to express •your approbauonof 'Mr. Adam's conduet►
or withhold your support from his Government. • And that, we;
Sir, should unworthily eon:morals, outs, were we not in out
place, as cordially to support you in so doing,and un-uivoesity
to declare that we approve the conduct of :.the. then Governor-
General in Council.—Mr. Jackson Shen handed up the folkiwe
ing *notion, which at the conclusion of the debate Was carried
by a great majority : .
" That this Coen sloth cordially concur in the approbation
expressed by the Court of Directors, of the revocation of Me.
J. S. Buckingham's licence to reside is India, considering that
Gentleman's conduct as Editor of the Calcutta Journat, *ens
the years 1818 to 1823, notwithstanding the repeated iutima•
tions which he received from the Most Noble the MarqUis of
Hastings in Council, that he should be ordered to England
without further notice, if lie continued to violate those rules arid
regulations, which his Lordship in Council had ordered to be
addressed to the reliture of Newspapers, on the 12th of August,/
1818, when he revised the existing regulations, regarding the
controul exercised by the Government over the Newspapers..
" And this Court is of opinion, (lint in withdrawing such
1 licence, the then Governor-General in Council consulted his
duty to this Company, and the due protection of those high
interests which were Intrusted to his administration."
Mr. SAMUEL 1.1.1 XON seconded the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM observed, that the people of India were
governed by law, and not ruled by a despotism as had often
been erroneously imagined, It was contended by the Leashed
Gentleman (Mr. Jackson), that the object of England's policy
had been to exclude strangers froin India; but if such had been
the case it was a most erroneous policy. In hie (Mr. Buck.
ingliern's) opinion, the accession of strangers, of Englishmen,
in Itlia, would prove one of the strongest barriers against the.
revolt or the rebellion of the Native Powers. The h3el of the
King was next relitd ors, but the powers it conferred on the
Oovernor-General a ere by no means unconditional ; and the
" countenance and protection" which it enjoined to be shavene
merely meant a reciprocal interchange of obedience and pro.
teCtIOTh Next, with regard to the regulations issuer) for the
guidance of the press, he denied that any rules or regula•
dons either had or could have the force of law, until-they
had first obtained the sanction of the Supreme Court ; which
was not the fact in this case. The license of free m arinerhad beets
much misunderstood, for as he (Mr. Buckingham) considered,
the liceric.ogrenteda special power to do a specific thing, but
nut

not restricting hint froni doiniisotnething else. If that wetent.
the moaning of the licence, there were few persons, except the
military, but were at the mercy of the Governor... General: Tito
Learned Gentleman had dilated on the happiness of the 'people
of India ; but it they were so very happy, why stop their
mouths, and prevent their proclaiming it to the world ?At was
needless to say a word on that subject, as every man wlto•was
ever in India must know the very reverse. Now, as to the
affair of .Nlr. Elliott, perhaps it was indiscreet in him (Mr.
Buckingham) to have stated the receipt of a letter as to Mr.
Elliott; but that statement originated in indiscretion—a•fail-
tag often to be found in men of his profession, which would,
he was sure, be admitted by many gentlemen behind the•bar,
who had been for a great portion of their lives at sea. .3lh
Buckingham then entered into a detailed explanation relative
to the better of .Emulue, noticed at the last meeting, ot' tins
Court; the better of an Old Soldier, and that relative to the
alleged libel on the Bishop of Calcutta. With reference to
the distribution of the John Bias prospectus, he did charge
the Government with having iii every manner circulated it,
and that post free. lie charged the Government with giving
directions to have the names of all persons writing letters to the
press marked with the writer's name, and the fact was beyoria
all contradiction. The letter in' which the name of the fiord
Bishop of Calcutta was introduced, had been called indecent,
but he (Mr. Buckingham) defied any man to saLtbere.waa any
thing offensive said of his Lordship. There might be 'some

- - .
hiniselt. Is it to ,be endured, that an honoUrable mintlect . .
'desired,ant. uo ed
whose character we have heard spoken °V in the wog this gen. submission to British -rut, who, taking them separately or as a lion that can be -.. p the loss of it woe. ~
tie character has been spoken of by the voice of'
the whole whole, every one must ace that their tendency was to shake to its be hazarded for something of which we have no distinct idea, or, pereiins, themention of whose names would he intensive, but
Nettlement--Is it to be endered, I say, that a' gentleman who centre thet opitet.en
thenhen which our existence in India was said if we brought ourselves to have a just one, we must confess that could not Apply to the Lord Itialemofelitieutta. The patienct
haalo'administer the government, and frequently, mtn this to depend. r
an , Bengal Oovernmeqt thought too great a that it existed ihenriehing the necessituue, who had nothing but of the Government in reading his long letters had been dwelt
case, a most painful authority, should have facts Imputed to risk to he run, and tneTordered from the country that gentle. their nuowins in view, or in gratifying the vanity of system. on by the Learned Gentleman, but if the tioverement chose te
him that do not belong to him, and irewhich, in point of time, man, whose writing* tneY regarded as thus dangerous to that mougerz,
the tnalignance of SOlne even of a worse description. put the matter between him and them on the footing of reason,
he could only have acted as one of Lord Hastingeft Council ? Government which they were beund to support. " Ile eaid, however, that if the happy state of this country their patience was not so very remarkable. With respect to the
Again, to give another instance of the feelings \Odell operated 'With respect to Me- Arnot, Sir, we are to remember that ,was to be altered, he hoPed that it would be effected by coast*. delay charged upon him in eutting off the last trial for libee,
on Mr. Buckingham's mind. When speaking of Mr. Adam, Lord Amherst did not, as it is laid, send Mr. Arnott home, tutional measures, and that ;Ye should not be forced a change and the new trial of the criminal information, the delay ,did net
in the course of his Mr. Bes march from sarcasm to a bold de. and at the same time withdrew the licence from the Cal: by the efforts of the Pre**. Let the Legislature give us a proceed from him ;anti Mr. Spankie told him ; Mr. Bucking
.
o the private cirzulation outta Journal ; °Wine contrary, he continued to its new nattve free prees, tOthet he had no objection. He declared that he ham) that the Gonment would not follow up the informs.-
fiance, he describes the repletion& as
of Mr. john Adam although he knew them to be, what upon Editor, Mr. 'hand s, the means of punning a Fair arid worthy never would, .becauseeelle never could object to
Deafsio of lion,. although six months efter, upon the arrival of ehiet
the face of the .proclamation they were declared to bandelY, course, alieigning ma eumane reason of being uneilling to hurt . freedom, hut. that witn resPect to the extensi it to this Jastice Blaseet, the information was haneed np to him ;
ppeared to his Loedship that country, many objections had been made by many wise Men. but the will of Providence did not allow him time tee giant •
the solemn act of the Noble Marquis in Council, wet to the propeety, nor wash so, until it .a
thathe titiallYwith- kiie William Jones, who was At enthusiastic as any man ever or to refuse it. With regard to the guarantee . given by
the various Editors by the Secretary as the act of the State. fir. Tandys was emulating his pretieeemer,
Where then' is the candour or the justice which thus seeks to drew his nvnee to print and publiiii.;. bat as that case la ,riot *is in the cause of liberty, declared diet he would not preach Judge Macnaghten to continue the licences alecadysting. Ii
into-it; and will trottble you het doctrines to tee .Indianit, and .in a letter which appears to
raise an impression against this honouruble Amctionary, hy un- before us, .1 shall decline goingwits all apiece of caauisrye_ for it must be odd to na,, thin th
fair representations of his public acte, in order to induce in- with a few words on the PrePoeition of e free press in India. have left% strictly confidential, talking of his own well-known licence was continued to Johit Bidl, and refused to thelcakl4°
.hr •
ferces of personal hostility towards Mr. Bugkingliatn, for I can hardly argue it gravely, it ;seems to me so full of ex- ti, 141,,_.,0,g4.Ae5......he ,saYs, .", I,PerfactlY agree. <anti no man of .sound Josirtial. He was. told that he had repented, witrilegs, but.
whichc he could have no earthly motive ?' Mr. from sham travi,gatic‘, rhat'in a
fire nil
the oevemor of which intellect toeagreet that such a system is wholly inapplicable never hail one specific warning. But besides then the waripir
next achievement was the publication ora letter from " a ton the Legisratnre lea' feund it expedient to render ahnoat ith. to this country, and itliberty could be forced upon them by depended on the right of the party to warn 4 Atui theeSe:,n
....".
iitary Officer," and after having been told that we exist baron solute: there aheuhi wait a Press altogether free and uncoil. Briteite.; it *mild make them as miserable as the cruelest des- and regulations on which the warning! took pines wer 11_71.11.
opinion, and in n very material degree upon the opinion of the trouletl, for to dna exteet they go, theeehe claiming as a right rdtt,,,,.- His Lordship declared, that he did not give these as and therefore a warning against doing a lawful ,acl eee'reettue7'
Army, I think you will agree with me, as to the rectitude of rthe A
.or ..rmy, which e,omterists tittle-tenths of the European vie hit own seutiments, or peeress to concur in them. In fact, he than uielesa. The Mutt heard of charge agetiteseernweln;7l 7.
such appeals to the passions of' the soldiery ! The writer, after pulatinn, thet.-Cobeett's Register, fOr instance, may be laid on hail not formed any opinion upon the subject, n I
ae- he evelild remarks upon Dr. Bryce, but these reruarksle,tel
rules and tegu ~
complimenting heir.:Bcki upon the utility able Jour- every
ands-table in India, to teach client politics on satur. content himself, as every Man must do, with the laws as they ham) contended did not violate any one of to _ ~___.►ie. ~_
tit
nal, uses these words " how much more has it done to stop foul days, and Carlile's blasphemies, to improve their religion area He would repeat, however, that it was no less than ah- lations, even if these rules end regulatiees cre
..orwbikiseeitt'eln,.
play, and introduce improvements in Bazars, and in the admi. on the Sentlay ! But my Honourable Frienda say, let offences of surd to talk of the existence of a free press where there is no the diseuseion of this sub' would
cr'yillowld. He had the
nistration of military justice fining, flogging, taxing, cheat- the pre** be tried by a Pet, ! Tha Was a 'plausible tkllacy. constitution ; if. the I.egielature please to extend the Constitu. health and spirit be would :mkt'. cliZt, „t heart, and he evinule
lug, how much more than all the orders you can pick and cull which it became necessary to have well - understood.—so small tion of En and to India, it might do so, Hitherto such a welfare of the natives of ladle .
7 rUee their condition. -.Thee
out of that valuable compilation, as clear as it is rich !—the Ben- Was the European community, eveo. of
..Calcutta, that civil measure hid not been deemed expedient, and at present a free persevere in, hie tree/Liens tovrrsi P
in lediu but they would he
gal
rd
to what is this but to charge as a practice with causes, of whatever magi coneeqUenee, were tried by the press was certainly out of its place. It might follow, but it might not hear ern in whiseta, , , Eingunti._4l4esty,,hrai
I)
re and to the Army, that of fining, flogging, taxing, cheating, Judgee i the number of Eurrean inhabitants did not admit could not precede a free .constitution. Whatever form of Go-. ei
ob Red to hear him in
,tiitr I o'
lacumbent upon me to nay severe
acc. &c.; will any one say that this was a safe kind of language of a selection of evens, suificientl remote front the parties, to vernment lt might please the Legislature to give us., he said it , e'
Ibe sumelletatii"--eete, and they alien he hut veryfewt
to address, thrdligh the Calcutta Journal, to the Native Army, give ft fair chance for an impartial venliet. New, with regard was his most ardent wish that we might be left to as much few wollis upon this. ,_ _ll.llg
1 this:debate, stated its objee.
upon which publication. it is conteudedi there ought to be no to the trial by jury for Chines of this deeeritption let any one practical liberty as We at present enjoyed.' --SPeaking of the The lion. tietitlernintanyoul'e
sure that ohject hee been .fully at.....
? However, Alt. Buckingham feeling some alarm look to the extremely comparativeliancity 0 the ku„,„etut „„e plan for having native Editors, his Lordship said, " Fie knew
to be 'liscului"' Ana
has been meet fully heard vend, I ."ce
at the great danger lie had incurred by thie step, gave up the pulation, and let them judge how fer the that weta-be ee,-ee many Gentlemen of the description to which he elluded, that rained, for everY la
citing:ham has itleo been heard. 1 wish thesetalente
name of Colonel Robinson, who was tried for it by a Court- of obtatnine retribution ? rememhering that Mr. Bucleingham they were highly meritorious and respectable, but he thought foray, rtir.Ou hiteted this day 'luta :enabled - him i •
e. it a has. c't 1 •0 aeCtUirv.
martial, and sent to this country, by order of the Commander. !Mils:elf bouts that the greater part of the inluihitants of (tab. they Might be •etontented with staeding on the same footing whic. h 4 _
1 (pa 4 bet theialf 13, anti to that we ern
in. Chief, that the opinion of the Duke of York might be cotta were subscribert to is p ,
'h' aper and a wi 1 British sulnects and that he did not think ittiteir interest a fortune n a.is _ we. ern initiate
-greet many of them u ' . eieernor.General hound te remove from endia e
taken upon the subject. • actual share-holders I The Legislature fareeeeieg this difficulty, to lay claim so superior immunities. that die
rtentling in the situation which Mr. B. dideeett is hotted
About this time my Lord Hiettings vernor in Coune 'tHe had not, he said, the pleasure of personnlly Pera°n ' •
had expressed hie wish had, therefore, invested the eto .. il with the double ' , being to send him home to this country,,whete he may seek redress at
to leave India, but beforehis Lordship's departure, Mr. Buck. power, either to send home the offending peer,
ior known to the present Editor of the Calcutta Journal, but If he chooses against Mr. Adam. I 'aM sat/ died*. i'd
his character
'I in published a letter, under the head of " Military Did- egainst him in the Courts in India, as might-L.. judged rut far had heard . from men who knew him well, 14,4 1 d at reA.,
le what he ha t one, las hero more
mg iathan what warbilieluty; •
and men who were qualtfied to judge of his merits, and ever/ „ •
n he had done lens,e would
cries of in. the public interest. Another very impottalit
cuesion," the writer of which propeites to Make a series . . • Conaicierati n
i ' °'was hehihrd 'f but vo4 "'e --.`" - lit ' not have bet nethat servant
.
lie shall from tam to time put a few ques the dela" which the defendant might nterPeee, who could per. thing at ea of him, wax in his favour • it 1 .
! Which the least n ia tom
quiries. He gays, ,
•' ic i EnnY, give h'en credit fear, M 11.
opinion that the name of that -Gentleman had been 113 ed nem T. .
I Cal"utta Journal which, if haps deer the bringing on of hitt trial for
stet menthe, during 3 repeateilly told by the tiov '
noes through the medium of tie . b followed eehor-Gentral that- the nett art
authority of a Coinmanding which he might sow sedition every Mornng,. and, ea her his a manner as a Government like this could not male, enclave.
owe. e. ~ *.
.., f inuisereecm would a h le
answered, would tend to define
tinethet him and the commanderies he had eroP in the evenin . t But the ourt should heat ei• - t e., —lf he had been a British subject, and cominitted an eirenee the terilla of the Act of Parliament.y hie removed, attortling ftD
Officer, the species of re
o ,
fthe AI h ' g .11 . this
subject . , 1 r.. U 3 1,4
against the British Governn tt -d tee might be oide.red to. Mr. Aden) was deaidediv
to perform, in short, the reciprocal duties 0
~ _ ien o ay,weient op re uckin h
and the coinmanded towards each other. • Such wag the sub. . That upright Judge, Sir } 'rancea Alacnit h
. ...r _ g te. had teen al. depart her we', country to-marrow r. yet what' is` the from Indta on • g ant ought to have been seetaved
b est e Trutt he is free from all Ontroul of the tiovernment, . a prevtousocceaione but Lora Hatt tinistookeepen
stance of a letter Mined, I believe, " A Young Sub," en order tutted to upon several occasions by en oucki
sn'' as a sort
-°tl Amenable to this Court abaci that is, that he may Pt'irq htnuelfe upon but sole responaibiliay, to say, New,' ural Viva
who. when countenanced by papers like of ultra Whig--as akind of •patriotic judge, who eh' septirnenta and ,
of young Gentletrieh, blah Anq. thing, however seditious and destruCtive or him another warning.: thet•l•thWelyeaa' in Ose neentheittleemt-
can write very. fluently upon'. the. affairs of liberty, vertettonourable, no doubt, to himself; but very con- an
the Calcutta Jrnsrsal, this . Stun' an trieuea authority—that he: may continue suctepube ire, and in the tonowpv,„,„„Ltait, a tiholsk ti, eyoreattlypon
of the army, until they in turn. arriee.at rank, .when Or be. eettiel• with those of - Mr., Buthingheme. I , beekve..ehat- Sir.
itcations at pleasure—and that they cannot even he geestionetl theecrinduiet of thetlinystinnaheeteehe 4=004 aillt' 111)4ces
Dime the smite- editienitore Of *the then Ailing genera pn of Francis Mecrieghter, twit.. liberty, and I
revere him for
to
dap
ant the next sessions le h win. be iu June ! zinc, although and Idr. Adele was boetid,etibt eney•in, teetheeete cad ta
11 Young Subs." Mr. Buckingham had by this ume brought • ing, but this gives the greater weight to the adjudication which , V 7 .t.O
