EXPLOSION OF HYDROGEN GAS.

Newcastle.upon-Tyne, Sept. 6.
(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
When will humanity cease to lament the sad
casualties incidental to mining? Not many weeks
have elapsed since the fatal explosion at Townley
Main Colliery ; and now I have to report another
distressing accident of the same kind, at High He-
worth Main Pit, a coal mine in the county of Dur-
ham, belonging to John Brandling, Esq. and partners.
The accounts at first were extremely alarming, but I
am happy to say only three lives have been lost,
namely, two men and a boy, although eight or nine
other persons have been more or less hurt. The ac-
cident took place yesterday morning between six and
seven o'clock. Sixty or seventy individuals being
down the pit when the explosion occurred, the alarm
at first, among the relatives of the workmen, was dis-
tressing in the extreme. Fortunately, however, they
were soon relieved from a state of the most agonizing
suspense by the prompt exertions of the viewers, and
others in authority at the colliery. How the accidept
happened remains as yet a secret. Indeed it is a rare
occurrence that any real light is thrown upon these
subterranean explosions of hydrogen gas, the effects
of which have been so dreadfully felt in this neigh-
bourhood of late years. Whatever may be thought of
Sir Humphrey Davy 's safety lamp, it is indisputably
true that there have been more accidents in the coal
mines in this part of the country, since they came
into use, e. for the same -number of yeafs) than
occurred prior to the invention ! Is it really, one
would ask, beyond the reach of science to furnish a
preventative to explosive combustion in coal mines ?
or are the shocking casualties that so frequently take
place to be ascribed solely to the carelessness of the
miners themselves ? However it may be, it is suffi-
ciently obvious that no exertions should be left un-
tried to mitigate an evil of so overwhelming a nature.

LISBON PAPERS.

(From the Lisbon Gazette of the 23d.)

LISBON, AUGUST 22.—1 s it then true that the corps
of pokce cavalry, • that corps of soldiers instituted for the
defence and preservation of
.property and the individual
security of citizens, and for. these purposes alone maintained
clothed, and paid—is it, then, the fact that this corps
has just been detected in the criminal attempt of attacking
that individual security which was placed under its care
and vigilance? But what is there surprising in this ?
Such an act of treason, new in its kind, was .only to be
expected from a corps. which, with few exceptions, is com-
posed of the refuse of all the corps of the army, and which
being besides steeped in all the. corruption of the capital,
had become thereby the most corrupt body of the king-
dom. The truth of this observation is proved by noto-
rious facts, but almost of daily occurrence up to this last,
which has crowned the whole; as in ancient fiction there
was no other way of painting the Furies more hideously
than to increase the horror by crowning them with serpents.
That the slave should revolt against the hand which
scourges him is a crime which, though justice condemns,
public compassion is disposed to pardon. But here the
case is different. Here the master says to the slave,
" Thou art free, for I desire no longer to have slaves, but
friends, and thou shalt he one of them. Enter.. then into
society to enjoy all the rights it promises, and of which old
abuses had deprived thee. The chains which degraded
thee are broken, and thy name is now written in the book
of the country. Then write mine also in the hook of
gratitude, for I have, of my own free will, restored thee
to Ball those rights which had been alienated or dis Owned.
Reducing my rower to augment thy advantages,
.1 esteem
myself happy in promoting thy felicity. Go, learn to en-
joy it, and leave to thy children an inheritance which thou
didst not receive from-thy fatlt."
These few words serve to describe the signal benefits
we have just obtained by the generous concession of the
charter given by Don Pedro IV. What then was the an-•
swer returned by the police cavalry, on the night of the
21st, to this Royal gift—according to the fact, as it was
on the point of being realized ?• • For how is that fact to
be interpreted, unless its explanation be found in these
terms ?—". You depeive
.yourself; for we not only disown
yOur gifts, but we even disown yourself also I It is pre-
cisely ut the time that you limit your power, to create
ours, and improve our situation, that we 'choose to curse
your name, and to turn our backs on your benefits. Always
ungrateful to the hand which sustains us, and delighting
to live by rapine and atrocity, we are not satisfied with
being merely ungrateful, but we will also be traitors—
abhorring the oath which we have taken, the King whom
we have acknowledged, the country which cherishes us,
and the citizens who have confided to us the care of their
dearest rights and interests. This nation, which has been
so deceived as to us, shall be the victim of the deception;
for we aim-at nothing less than to rob her of her King,
and of her new institutions, the fruit of Royal wisdom—
to bind her hands again with the shackles of despotism ;
and thus to thank her for the bread with which she has
fed us."
But though the genius of evil thus inspired them, he h"

,rom them, in their delirium, the magnitUde of the atrocity,
sad the littleness, the insufficiency of the means for perpe-
it : while, at the same time, the guardian angel of
trating
this nation, about to be regenerated in history, covered with
his wings the descendants of the Pachecos and the Albu-
querques, and pointed out to our provident Government
the means of overthrowing in a moment all those castles
which had been formed in the air. They were, in fact, in-
stantaneously dispersed by the breath of Portuguese fide-
lity. The troops hastened with the greatest gallantry to
encounter the danger, but nothing occurred but u triumph,
too little worthy of such heroic courage.
Thus ended this project, as insane in its means, as hor-
rible in its objects.; and thus will end all which may suc-
ceed, if any men should be found foolish enough not to be
instructed by the past.
Portuguese! Great praise is due to the vigilant Govern-
ment which protects us,—to the magnanimous Infanta who
reigns over us,—and to the excellent spirit which has ani-
mated the troops. With these three eleMents of lasting
securities, what have we to fear ? Who is not inspired
with a noble pride in being now a Portuguese, and seeing
ourselves self-raised.' by our august King, Don Pedro, to
the rank of an independent nation ? The dregs of the
nation,' (those miserable insects who struggle for a moment
in obscurity to extinguish the light of day), as the law his
warned them, so the law will punish them. As regards
ourselves, we leave justice to do its duty, we shall do ours,
which, in a few words, is to obey the law. Within this
all our obligations are confined, on this depends all our
happiness. Editor of the Lisbon Gazette.

We have much pleasure in being able to state, that
an improvement in trade is taking place in this town
and neighbourhood. There is evidently a change for
the better in various parts of the country, especially in
the clothing districts, and it is there we have always
looked for the first ap
pearance of an amendment...—
Staple
tradtebsosmenvihicsteixiharibe supported by prosperity,it such a change first, and
afterwards
luxury, and pleasure. As the former improves, in the
smile ratio will the Trade of Dirmingham and other
places, where the manufactures are more. ornamental
than necessary. The wants and conveniences of life
must first be supplied, afterwards those of pleasure,
fashion, and taste t this improvement, though slow, is
steady, and if it be founded 00a firm unshaken basis of
mutual confidence, it will, we trust, at no very distant
period produce employment for all, and real and lasting
provvrity tv the cuuntry.-43inningharn Cbronide.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 8, 1826.

The Conspiracy in Portugal appears to have been as

insignificant in its means as it was infamous in design.
As far as we can gather 'from the Gazettes and Letters
which have reached us, it was confined to the corps of
Police Cavalry, which, with few exceptions, was com-
posed of tile refuse of all the Corps of the Army,
and which is acknowledged to have been steeped in all

the corruption of the capital. Such a corps was a fit
engine for the machinations and intrigues of a party,
which, though small in number, have much secret in-
fluence, and possessed the means of urging, on this
band of Traitors towards the accomplishment of their
own wicked purposes. They must have been, how-
ever, entirely ignorant of the state of public feeling,
and of the disposition of the soldiery, to have attempted
open acts of rebellion with a force so contemptible, and
inadequate to its object. They relied evidently on
support from the mob and the army, and the utter
failure of their design must be attributed more to their
hopes having been 'Wilt on grounds which proved en-
tirely vain, than on the measures which appear to have
been taken by the Government on the occasion. The
existence of the conspiracy it is true was known, and
arrangements made to defeat it ; but it was in the
fidelity of the army, and the, attachment of the great
body of the people to the new order of Slings, that the
safety of the Throne and the State was mainly to be
attributed.

We entertain no doubt that the wiles.of FERDI-
NAND, and the intrigues of the QUEEN of PORTU-
OAL, were at the bottom of this wretched conspiracy :
but, animated as the nation appears to be with enthu-
siastic feelings in favour of the Constitutional form of
Government, and put on its guard as the Ministers
must have been by this rebellion, against the secret
designs of a' Foreign power, or the more infalnous
machinations of an internal faction, we feel confi-
dent, that neither the one nor the other will be able to
shake the establishments which have been recently, but
we hope firmly formed, on the principles of sound and
rational Liberty ; and that under the guardian support of
Great Britain, Portugal will emerge from her hitherto
degraded state, and proudly defy the attempts of those
bigotted nations who would rejoice in the downfall of
her liberal institutions, whether those attempts are
madeopenly by arms, or covertly by bribery and cor-
ruption. We give in another column some remarks

of the Editor of the Lisbon Gazette, on the treason
which has been so happily, and we would hope, corn-
pletely defeated.

Brussels Papers to the sth instant, have reached
us, from which we make the following extracts. The
passage of foreign diplomatic characters thrmigh Ber-
lin,' is said to be very frequent. Ambassadors, Gene.
rals, and Couriers, cross each other in all directions.
A Spanish courier passed through Berlin on the 29th
August, on his way from Madrid to Moscow with
despatches:—

BRUSSELS, SEPT. 2.—Two Greek Primates, Christo-
dulo Ecloridi, aged 60, and lKhazzi Petmki Citherios, aged
.50, have just arrived at Brussels, fugitives from their coun-
try, 'where they saw their families proscribed, their pro-
perty confiscated, their wives and families carried into
principal cities, in order to collect do-
nations tbe generousai)
lable
tohroesdpei tfyr.o
from
he They
slavery, and themselves escaped capital punishment only
em
through the intervention of the French Consul. These
two Primates, when in their own country, made the most
:Yoe duration of which it is impossible to
noble use. of a large
t foonrltyuilice.i,ntrEs uwrbopoecliaini tsruavireelrlerthsewheorre.
treatedrngeti
Crawo ls J)wvyiitstit
vih
siting
istevilet
they
ye
rOorottomoftualneuepxiidlei

foresee,
We believe the mention of these facts • re • is sufficient to
excite the
kindness of our countrymen in favour of these
two exile S.. They lodge in the Hotel d'Angleteree ; the
papers given by the Consuls of the principal
European na-
tions, which they have in their possession,
the friends of the Greeks in A 1 :
—e kum that there are few
Letter opportunities to exercise their humanity.
SEPM TEBER 3,—The Court of Assize at Ghent is at
presentwill prove to
engaged in a cause of the highest importance.
of that city, who went eta-
Pour officers of the ()mai *

• The Oetwi '1 the duty on various articles brought into s city;
wilitit it levied at Ghtntl

tiohed at the gate of St. Lieven, are accused of forgery ,
and bribery; a miller and his wife are accused as accom-
plices.
The forgeries relate to tickets delivered by the Excise-
office for duties on flour, which they had falsified in dif-
ferent ways, for the purpose of fraud. The points of ac-
cusation are very numerous and complicated ; it is expected
that M. Coninck, the King's attorney, will propose about
300 questions; the proceedings will occupy at least thit-

teen days.
SEPTEMBER 4.—A letter from Luxemburg, of ISt Sep-
tember, says, "A report is generally spread here that
positive news (some. say official) has arrived from the
Hague, that the Government has resolved to establish a
provincial court of justice at Luxemburg."
His Highness Prince Scherbaleff arrived here yesterday.
SEPT. s.—An Austrian Cabinet Messenger posed
through here yesterday, on his way to London, with
.de-
spatches.
The Gazette of Florence, of 24th of August, states, that
the Sultan was to publish a firman, forbidding all the RUJ"
to dress in the European fashion, till the costumes which
the Greeks are to wear in future shall be made knovin.
The Police of Hamburgh has been obliged to prevent
the propagation of the doctrines of a mystical society which
has lately established itself in that city.
FRANCFORT, SEPT. I.—The Greek Prince Cantectmeno
has been settled for a long time at Dresden ; his brother
has just arrived there with his family, with the intention of
taking up his abode there.
The Queen Dowager of Wirtumberg arrived here this
evening, under the title of Countess of Groningen: ,
Prince Hatzfeld, Prussian Minister at the Court
Austria, and the Count de Caen' French Plenipotentiet
to the Court of Hanover, arrived here yesterday with their
families.

We have received this morning the Journal de ,St•
Petersburgh, of the 22d of August. It contains 11)
news, nor any thing from Moscow, but an article of the
Ist of August, giving am account of three visits matte
by the Empress Mother to the Commercial School 19
.
that city ; and from Petersburgh the annual Report of
the Opthalmic Hospital.—Tl following is the onlY
paragraph of any interest :

TAGANROG, JULY. 22.
Last Sunday, the 18th of this month, the funeral
meat, sent from Moscow by order of her late Majestyine
Empress Elizabeth was inaugurated in the church of the
Greek monastery Of Alexandrowsky, conformal* to ti!e
intentions of the august deceased. This monomer. is
erected in the very spot where the platform stood 0,1)
Before the inauguration, the superior of the
the coffin of the late Emperor Alexander was
of white marble, surmounted by a cross of black ralr ,
accompanied by all the Clergy of the towns celebrate,.
il
funeral service in the presence of the Governor of the CI!
A ter
Officers, and a great number of the inhabitants. 1.
mass, Te Deum was performed, on occasion of the baptism
of her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Elizabeth.
Inspired with the most profound veneration for the me-
mory of the late Emperor and Empress, the Greek co:-
gregation of this town resolved to give a proof of it, Y
dedicating this day to works of charity ; after Divine ierc
Vice, a dinner was given to 1,000 poor persons of b°t;
sexes in the Monastery, the prisoners were likewise revile"
and liberal alms given both to them and to the poor.
Monast edr)
a,

Dutch Papers of the 6th instant have come to fl
his forenoon, from which we make the following

extracts

VIENNA, AVG. 24*

(PRIVTR LETTER.)
Baron. Munch. Bellitsghsusen, Minister of Austria, mud
NP:iteshidPerinntceetMtehteteGruericinha;nitilisiestftis affirmed endotwhaatth'eluwilmtivetstlfil;j
from his Highness fresh instructions, in consequence
which he will have some communication to make to the
Diet, in concert with the Minister of Prussia. The object
of these institutions will be, to determine the last measure'
to be taken for the definitive organization of the militia!
force of the confederation, and to regulate also the laba"oii
of the Military Committee, relative to the fortreso' it
Mayence and Luxemburg, as well as to deterniine
spot on which a third fortress shall be built.•
HAGUE,The principal Committee, formed inFelFl.
y 7158.05:
for the management of the subscriptions raised for the,
on
lief of the sufferers by the inundation, was dissolYeu,n
the first of this month. His Majesty
members of the Committee his satisfaction with the
ous manner in which they have answered the contidefthe:
his Majesty in the execution of the business assigned now
The management and distribution of the small
in har,t,d, and those that may still be received,
bills of exchange for 50,000 florins, not yet due, are, Ac.
as testified tailel
fided to M. d'Olislager,Member of the Chamberinc;:tis..
counts, and one of the Members of the dissolved (-1'
mittee.

EXCNANGI ON LONNIE.
AMSTERDAM, SEPT. G.-40.6. ; two month, 4 4.

The Lords of his Majesty's Treasury have' within
,g
ondi's
these few days, issued an order, ,That 13
which may have been warehoused for a rric`del,:,
ceeding twelve months, in warehouses which, be
being surrounded by walls, or otherwise, "'B}s of
special
ld
security,
utrihtey!moarayd
bc:f, Customsdeliv tfobrbheow: h
/,'°ll:uoe
00fitire
Lion, upon the payMent of duty, ac64dulg livery
actual guage and strength at the time of the de'
flow-
-provided, however, that in no case 01°1' gl 3.'1101
es.telit --
ante be made, for under-proof, to a greater

10 per cent."'
Our cotemporary, the New
Times and "'rest
tative, in announcing this very liberal and proper ctivaiii;
cession. of the Treasury, exhibits a proof Of the
Into which writers are led when they fancy it necess4l
to extol in high terms every measure of the Dtecutive'
without considering the ground on which such O'ir
mendation should be bestowed.
" Among the many important rep-1186°g 11411(:1{
Government have recently adopted, With therethe‘vieW'
removing restrictions and burthens from trade,
is not one that will be more sensibly felt, by 'till
classes,, than that to which we now allude' II
encourage the bringing of Brandy to this country,
er,
be warehoused in depot ;--it will enable the
ee:
of the Brandies, which have for several years for
locked up in our public vaults, to dispose of the"_
home consumption, which they have hitherto ber7rt
prohibited frop doing, by having duty to paY orb
iri
whilst
deficiencies occasioned by evaporation, st IYO
the store ;---and it will thus enable the public at !a
to obtain those fine old Brandies at moderate Frice."
Now, in the first place, we did not beforewere
that all classes of His Majesty's liege subje
cts
brandy drinkers; and to such an extent too, to I-

der the permission to take out of Bond ,Brandies
which may have been lying in warehouses for more
than twelve months, a benefit of the extraordinary
nature which it is here represented to be. But, in the
next place, the effect of this measure " is to induce
holders to bring into immediate use these Brandies,
which they have been prevented doing before by hav-
ing to pay the duty on the original quantity and
strength of the spirit ;" that is, that though these
Brandies were not taken out of Bond, when every
day they remained in added to the loss of the mer-
chant, they will now be brought out immediately,,
when no loss can accrue from their longer continuance
in the warehouses. And lastly, the public are now
to obtain fine.old Brandies at moderate prices, when
there is no reason to believe that the price of the article
will be affected one farthing by the regulation, but on
the contrary, that it will afford a pretext to dealers
to charge the price of old Brandy upon spirits which
have never been in these warehouses a day.

- - ,
The regulation itself is founded in justice and com-
mon sense. If the Legislature permits spirits to be
locked up in bond, and the duty to be paid at the
time of the delivery, the amount of that duty ought in
reason to be regulated by the actual strength of
the spirit, not at the time of its importation, but
at the time that it is taken out for Consump-
tion; and on this principle the regulation of the
Treasury has been founded, but not with any idea that
the benefit of it would be sensibly felt by all classes of
persons. Praise therefore is due to the Government for
this concession, but not on the grounds that the blind
worshippers of Treasury measures have blazened forth.

Oh JOHNNY WiLKS ! JOHNNY WILKS Why
bast thou poured forth the tremendous vials of thy
wrath upon the poor newspapers ?—lt were far better
for the repose of thy wayward conscience that they
had been buried in the Suds. But all this comes of
Joint Stock Companies; and Cornwall Mines, and
Devonshire speculations, and Welsh Iron and
black diamonds, till thy coal black wrath railest away
to Norfolk ! Verily, these are hopeful doings, ema-
nating from a very hopeful source. But why attack
the poor newspapers—the humble but ready ministers
of thy will, in spreading thy fame to the four quarters
of the earth, and thy speeches to the four winds of
Heaven ? Really it was uncharitable in a bird of thy
feather to take such a bold and wayward flight with
thy black goose quill, denouncing thy best friends
with such unsparing fury, though not one of them has
reaped the least benefit from thy single-bearted specula-
tions. But the heart of man is frail, JOHNNY WILK s,
and his reason is still frailer, and his passion (witness
thyself!) is the frailest of all, unless it be outdone by
his selfishness ; but this is not confined to black
diamond contractors only, though they have a great
deal to answer for. It was but yesterday.that we paid
due honours to thy superlative merits in milling spe-
culations, and to-day we are called upon by thy out-
rageous, self to give insertion to a letter, conjured up
while thy " prophetic fury" was in the ascendant. But
as' this letter was never deserved by us, we presume
it must have been misdirected, although it bears the
very stamp of thy erratic imagination. Truly it is dif-
ficult to cope with the thunders of thy muse
Glancing from iron to coal, from coal to copper,
And as thy speculation bodies forth
The scrip of things unknown, thy ready pen
Tunis it to gold, and gives to airy nothing
A local habitation in the suds!

Letters from Copenhagen speak of the mortality in
that city as having been very great this summer, owing
to the extreme heat of the weather.
We have received letters from the North, which
speak in terms of high approbation of the policy ob-
served by Ministers, in partially throwing open the
ports for the admission of foreign grain. Not only are
the ship-owners in high spirits at the prospect.of better
employment for their ships, but all orders of the com-
munity hail with sincere satisfaction an era which pro-
mises Incalculable benefit to the country. The mono-
poly in corn has been too long accorded to the land-
holders; something, in times such as these, is due to
the people, and Ministers show their good sense by the
promptitude and wisdom of their measures.

Letters have been received from Para, to the 16th Jnly, by
which we perceive that the Slave Trade is in full activity on the
Coast a Brazil, a vessel named the Maria, having s►iled from that
port, .on the 26th• June, for the coast of Africa, licensed to
carry til4 slaves for importation there.
The Amazon, steam-boat, Captain Clark, had arrived at
Para, from New York, in thirty-eight days, for the purpose of
navigating the river Amason, an far as the city of Cusco, ►f allowed
by the Government of that Province.

The last letters from Paris express much anxiety far the ex-
pected arrival of Mr. Canning in that Capital, whose intended
.visit is supposed to be in relation to the affairs of Spain.
The advicea from Liverpool, received 'this morning, mention
btu ab0ut.3,600 bags of cotton had been sold on the 6th inst. at
" advanoo- or one-eighth of a penny per pound on last week's
prices.

THE FUNDS.

CITY, Twelve o'clock.

In the English and Foreign Funds there seems almost a total
cessation of business, and scarcely a bargain effected in either house ;
the only price of Consols bag been, up to this hour, 79 for
money, and 79k -I for the account ; Mexican Bonds are 51 4 ;
Peruvian, 25 ; Colombian, 33 ; 36. .All these quota-
tions are nearly nominal. The same remark may be made on the
Mining Schemes, which are scarcely attended to.
Three per Cent. Consols, 79 ; Ditto for Account, 79k ;
India 4 per Cent. Bonds, 28 9 ; Eiehequer Bills, 17 19.
Rottman FUNDS.—Brazilian, 62 3; Buenos Ayres, 54 6;
Chilian, 36 7 ; Danish, 564 7 ; Colombian, ;824, 38 k ; Alexi
can '5 per Cent., 41 3 ; Ditto 6 per Cent., 51 ; I).r„,.;an,
25 6 ; Greek, 12 4 ; Russian, 82 ; Spanish, Si 101.
Mexican, 60 55 dis. ; United Mexican, 14i
Si die. ; Pasco Peruyian, 11 10 die. ; Brazilian, 6 8 pm.;
Thdpuxaltua; 10 15 pm. ; Colombian, 2 3 per Share; Bolivar,
itar, 2 pm.
SJOAKES.—British Iron Company, 27 6, die, ; Alliance Fire
and Life, 64 7 per Share ; Ditto Marine, Si 4 per Share.

- -
Two o'clock.
Same few sales in money Stock, and for account, having_been
1304 e, drove Consols down to 781 1 for money, and 781 for
4C4OUnt, with rather a flat appearance ; Four per Cents. 94.1 1 ;
Exchequer Bills 18 to 19; bulls Bonds 27 a 28 pm.
Considerable sales have been made in Meiican bonds, and they
d 1 to MP!, but have recovered, and are now 511
Anglo. Mexican 57i 55, and United Mexican 141 15 discoun
Brazilian Mines 6 to 7 put.

THREE CL 0 ex,
Consols for Account, 78 9 ; Mexican 6 per Ce
Bomds, 51f, sellers.

....--- _
COTTON `WOOL.
1 .
. t ,PORTED. Rags, &C. EXPORTED. Bags, A:c.
At Liver p,lOl this year...... 400,495 At Liverpool l,OOO
same pc-iod last year... 545,044 Previously this year
London U." year 5.3,12'7 London filki
Smut' Perioi.l last year... 5603130 Previously this year 45,248
tilasitow this Year • -
lasl9, 514 Glasgow
me period lost year.., 25,436 Previously this year -

utio ppcittl 78100
