SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We recently noticed the excellent addresses to his
Majesty' from the Town Councils of Oxford and
Newcastle-on-Tyne, expressing their gratitude for the
important measure of Municipal Reform, and declaring
their.confidence in the present Liberal Administration.
We rejoice to see the example followed by other im-
portant cities and boroughs ;• and in another column we
have collected some further proofs of public opinion,
which cannot prove very acceptable to the Tories.
Canterbury, Norwich, Coventry, Colchester, Ludlow,
Maldon, Walsall, and Dartmouth, have each demon-
strated the predominance of Liberal principles in towns
hitherto, we believe, without exception, under the sway
of Tory Corporations. These simultaneous expres-
sions of gratitude to the Sovereign and of confidence
in his Ministers must he gall and wormwood to 'the
it Conservatives," who, to do them justice, fought hard,
though in vain, to maintain the old Corporators—fore-
seeing the consequences of the emancipation of the bo-
roughs from the tyranny of the Self Elect. We cannot
extract the copious comments of the Liberal country
Press on this " revolution" in the government of the in.-
corporated populous communities of England and
'Wales. The Oxford Address, a Corporation claimed
by the Tory journals, was unanimously agreed on at
the first meeting of the Council, and it distinctly re-
cords the feelings of its members in favour of a Libe-
ral Administration. In Coventry it appears that a
miserable remnant of the old body is left to weep over
the loss of Tory supremacy. The Address at Mal-
don was also unanimously voted. Norwich will now
be in vain revisited by a Scarlett and a Stormont.
Walsall, which appears to have been formerely a
" keep" of the Ultra-Orange Tories, is wholly sur-
rendered to the Reformers ; and it is confidently stated,
in a local paper, that a wavering Representative in
Parliament must either become more decidedly Liberal,
or he must abandon all thoughts of being again re-
turned. Twenty-four " good men and true" are seated
on tlie benches of those who recently occupied " for
life" (as they thought) the seats in the Walsall town-
hall. In Ludlow, " Lord Powis's Corporation" is all
erone, and Liberal substitutes unanimously voted the
Address from that borough. Mr. Charlton will wish
them " good bye" on the first opportunity, and the
last half of the "family borough" of the Clives is in a
dangerous states In Colchester the Tory Councillors,
after a bitter opposition against the Address of the
majority of Liberals, were beaten by a majority of
three to one. Dartmouth, after a dreary period of
misrule, has escaped from Tory thraldom, and its new
Town Council voted unanimously an address, assur-
ing his Majesty of a "firm and entire confidence" in
the Cabinet of Lord Melbourne. The language of
these documents proves the almost universal feeling
throughout the country as to the great advantage
which the Liberal cause has gained in the last Ses-
sion. We do not doubt that examples so creditable
to the newly elected Councils will be generally fol-
lowed. The Tories condemn the political demonstra-
tions of the new Corporations ; but when monopolists
of municipal influence, their cliques scrupled *not to
prostitute the " common seals" to every party pur-
pose. These Liberal Addresses represent the intelli-
gence, the character, the property of the great majority
of the resident tax-payers. We challenge the Tories
to a comparison of the polls and rate-books of any
single borough now governed by a Liberal Council, when
we will undertake to prove, that the balance of " pro-
perty" is not in favour of Toryism. The Reformers have
had to contend with a most unjust and unconstitutional
assignment of a disproportionate number of Councillors
to many wards with the smallest constituencies, and
yet, notwithstanding, they have signally triumphed !
With scarcely an exception, as far as we have
heard, the electors have chosen men of reputation, in-
telligence, and pecuniary independence. Local feuds
and jealousies have been sacrificed to union, to ensure
a triumph over the common enemy. Thus have the
predictions of the Conservative opponents efMenicipal
Reform been falsified, and thus has the " Lyndhurst-
led majority of the Peers" been shamed and punished.
We have never advocated this great national question
of municipal regeneration exclusively for its political
advantage, though we do not under-rate its importance
in that respect. But we daily see proofs of its mani-
fold benefits in the searching spirit of inquiry, and pub-
licity of proceedings everywhere displayed—in the sub-
stitution of a qualified and liberal Magistracy for un-
popular and party-coloured " Justices" (for the people
everywhere entertain the confident hope that Ministers
will nominate only intelligent and liberal Recorders, in
place of the " Noble patrons" and nominees of self-
elected Corporators), and in the complete termination
of the system of misrule and scandalous misappropria-
tion of the public property, which disgraced ~the old
Corporators of the first cities in the Kingdom." Well
might -the Tories mourn over their loss, calumniate
'Ministers and their political supporters, and virulently
oppose a measure big with the certain destruction of
Toryism. They have just reason to curse, as they do
in their innermost thoughts, Municipal R'eform.—
Morning Chronicle.

Every now and then the Tories unwittingly betray
the secrets of the Carlton Club, and the hopelessness
of succeeding, through their old arts, in corruptiing
the Parliamentary constituencies. One day we are
gravely told that a dissolution of Parliament would
send back to private life every Liberal Member of the
House of Commons, and re-instate the " Conserva-
tives" in their former monopoly of the representation.
Another day we arc assured that the last registration
was fatal to the Reformers, though the contrary is no-
torious ; and that at least the counties will be swept
clear of every Liberal representative. The Standard
is now cunningly seeking to " catch flats," •by an-
nouncing that if Sir. Robert Peel condescends once
more to sanction the ultra-Tories in seizing, pro tem-
pore, the Government, lie will not dissolve Parliament
And to mis-inform the country, our unscrupulous con-
temporary insults the King by the assertion that his
Majesty will not allow a dissolution to Lord Mel-
bourne under any circumstances ; and belies the
Premier by the still more impudent fabrication of
the " fifty times reiterated complaint," that by Lord
Melbourne he is denied the privilege of an exercise
of the Royal Prerogative, for which he is re-
sponsible. Thus, in 1831, the Standard, day by
day, misled its dupes on the same point, till the
guns of St. James's Park announced his Majesty in
person on_ his road to send home the last base represen-
tative assembly of his people. The miserable Times fa-
voured its readers, yesterday, with the following elec-
tion morceau:—

" NUMERICAL STATE OF PARTIES.

The following calculation has been made as to the probable
result in England and Wales 'of the changes attendant upon
an immediate dissolution :

CONSERVATIVE GAIN.
St. Alban's

CONSERVATIVE LOSS
East Cumberland
Rochdale
Halifax
Leicester
Yarmouth
Brid port
Norwich
Colchester
Knaresborough

Middlesex...

West Kent

East Surrey
Radnorshire

Guilford

Newport (Isle of Wight) I

West Somerset

Wigan
W ItershF

East , orces.
Wakefield

ire

Poole

iVeyfnouth

South Nottinghamshire 1 •
Modnoutk
Lewes
Peterborough
Total l9 Total
12
The chances are Lord Lansdowte will lose Calne ; Scar-
borough is not safe for the Tories en revanche; the race for
West Surrey will be neck-and-neck ; South Hants will de-
pend upon what Government is in, with its appendage, Ports-
mouth ; and it is possible North Nottinghamshire may be
contested with our Knight of the Dilly. Such casualties being
borne in mind, the gain on neither side would justify a disso-
lution.

There is not a shadow of foundation for the parti-
culars in the longer column, and the items of loss in
the smaller one are seventy per cent. below the real
calculation of the shrewder Tories. Nevertheless the
rumour of an early
.dissolution of Pailiament is as
gr, (mindless as the report yesterday propagated by the
Tories, that Ministers were negociating a coalition
with Lord Stanley. Since the Conservatives have
abandoned all hope of the Government, they have in-
vented this '6 lie of the day," as a good trick to sow
suspicion and undermine public confidence in the
Ministry. We shall, however, have fresh falsehoods

served up daily, and it will be our task to expose
thenu—Morning Chronicle.

Our Irish letter of to-day confirms that of yesterday
in representing the deep interest attached to the forth-
coming election for Clonmel, occasioned by Mr.
Ronay ne's death. There seems to be every reasonable
prospect that Mr. Bagwell, if he act judiciously, will
unite in his favour all respectable men, Roman Ca-
tholic as well as Protestant, and thus break one im-
portant joint in the tail of the worthy agitator. One
of the most frequent Malpractices of the priest and
O'Connell faction has been to describe all Irish gen-
tlemen, who did not (in the American phrase) " go
the whole hog" of repeal and Popish supremacy, how-
ever liberal they may have been with regard to every
previous measure of State policy, as being " vile rene-
gadoes," " tyrannical Orangemen," "infamous Tories,"
&c. The audacity and villainy of this species of.
slander has long been felt by every man with a grain
of understanding, yet has it seldom been distinctly ex-
posed. At each period of passing-some fresh Act of
Parliament for the relief of the Papists from the
penalties affecting them, that party were equally lavish
of their declarations that they had nothing more •to
ask, and of their assurances of " eternal gratitude" to
those by whom they had been protected. It was notmany
weeks after Catholic Emancipation became a law, that
the Irish Papists then in London, and, if we don't.
mistake, O'Connell was one of them, put their names
down for subscriptions to erect some lasting monument
to the great author of the bill, the Duke of Welling-
ton, who was extolled as the most illustrious of man-
kind. The Duke of Wellington is the same man
still. His Grace has never intimated the least inten-
tion of moving to repeal that Magna Charta of the Pa-
pists. The Conservatives of England, those of tfiem
who supported the measure, have not yet attempted to
retrace their steps. Why, then, has the language of the
Popish priests, and of O'Connell the Agitator, towards
the illustrious Duke and the Conservatives, changed
since that time from grateful admiration to bitter, bru-
tal, and rancorous abuse ? The benefit remains—why
has the sense of obligatiOn evaporated, and given place
to cries of malignity and vengeance ? It is because
the Popish priests and agitator never meant to.
keep their word ; because, when they declared, in
their evidence before both Houses of Parliament, and
in their speeches at public meetings, that they were
and would be satisfied with the privileges then
bestowed upon them, and which raised them to a
footing of perfect equality with Irish Protestants, they
did not speak the truth ; because it was one of those
(many) occasions on which, according to their here-
ditary creed, they dreamed not of keeping. faith with
heretics ; and'because neither the political ambition of
O'Connell, nor the corporation spirit of the Popish
church, was of a nature to be content with equality to
Protestants, or with anything short of absolute supre-
macy over them. It is not, therefore, the Duke'of
Wellington, Sir Robert Peel, and the liberal Conser-
vatives,. who have changed their principles, but it is the
Romish priests and demagogues who have impudently
and flagitiously broken their faith. Who, in. that case
were the " renegadoes ?" Again, in the same spirit
of abandoned falsehood, these mean and faithless ca-
lumniators proclaim every Irish gentleman who wilt
not be their tool in the work of destroying the Pro-
testant church—that church which the Papists, one
and all, so solemnly renounced every wish or thought
of weakening---to be an " ascendancy " man, a
bloody " Orangeman," a narrow-minded bigot, and
all the rest of it, making no shadow of distinction
between Protestants, no matter how much their re-
spective opinions may differ. The design of this arti-
fice is easy to be seen. By impressing upon the
minds of the Popish multitude that all men who fall
short of the O'Connell schemes of revolution and con-
fiscation of property are alike, and that no shades or
varieties of political sentiment are worth taking into ac-
count but the one between thorough-going O'Connel-
lism and complete and unmixed assent to the doc-
trines of extreme Orangeism, it is intended to destroy
every vestige of moderation and clia.rity in the hearts
of those upon whom O'Connell relies for support,
that all may partake of the same exasperation
against the whole mass of Protestantism without ex-
ception, that all may burn with the same fury, and
by ceasing to exercise any habit of discrimination
which might require and encourage some power
of self-control, they may rush headlong into what-
ever gulf of desperate violence that calculating in-
cendiary shall have ' prepared for them. It has,
therefore, been O'Connell's trick to confound, un-
der one unmitigated curse, all Irishmen of every
colour of politics who do not enlist themselves un-
der his personal banner, and become his servile in-
struments, as was exemplified in one of his election
addresses, when he held up to the hatred of the people
the " Orange Knight of Kerry ! " a man whose
whole life had been devoted to Roman Catholic eman-
cipation. This wholesale falsehood ought to be calmly
met .on the part of such Irish gentlemen as can do so
conscientiously, by a public statement of their willing-
ness to concur in certain measures of Church or other
reform, and by a plain disavowal of the specific charge
of being Orangemen. We believe that some useful
effect may even now be produced by such announce,
ments of liberal opinion within the limits of the con-
stitution, and embodied with a reference to their own
preceding history as members of Parliament. At the
same time, there is no concealing the truth, that vio-
lent and offensive imputations, proceeding from fac-
tion, are apt to realize themselves, and that nothing is
more likely to persuade all Protestants of the neces-
sity of taking refuge in the same garrison, forgetting
their accidental differences of opinion, and even em-
bracing each other's errors, than daily proof of the
injustice done the most conscientious and temperate
among them, the incessant abuse poured out upon
them all indiscriminately, and the emphatic menaces
of a savage persecutor that they all shall perish alike.
And an outrage precisely similar has been per-
petrated here against that whole vast body of liberal
and constitutional Englishmen who have not disgraced
themselves by swearing allegiance to a Ministry be-
stridden by O'Connell, as upon Irishmen who have
always befriended political and religious freedom, nor
have ever taken the Orangeman's oath. As O'Con-
nell calls himself " the people of Ireland," so none
are worthy to be included among the " people of
England" who do not bow the knee to the calf of
worn-out Whiggery. Those who were ever foremost
among Englishmen in maintaining the cause of reli-
gious.
and civil freedom, those who were most strenuous
in their appeals for the abolition of colonial slavery, for
the repeal of the 'rest and Corporation Acts, for the
repeal of the Catholic disabilities, for the reduction of
taxes, for the reform of Parliament, for the purifica-
tion of our municipal bodies men with whom we
glory to have co-operated for all those great- national
objects—they are now slandered and maligned as
Tories ! Why ? Because they entertain a profound
contempt for the whole texture of that wretched thing
miscalled a Cabinet, to which the grand interests of
liberty and property—of church and state—of English
power abroad, anti of the British monarchy at
home, are now, by an evil and fatal influence,
intrusted ; because they and we understood froin
the outset the vile and unnatural position in which
this Cabinet was placed, foreseeing and foretelling that
it must lick the feet of the unprincipled stranger
who chanced to hold the balance between two English
paities almost weighed within a feather of each other,
and thus that the sceptre of Great Britain would, by
the sordid and degenerate Whiglings of the hour, be
practically swayed by a worthless adventurer, whose
interests, as well as his positive declarations, bound
him to ca,t down the church, and to . break up the
unity of the empire. Not a week has passed since
these menials of Popery and anarchy came into office,
without their diverging more and more from those
principles which the great majority of constitutional
,Englishmen had heretofore cherished, nor a moment
has gone by without affording fresh proof of that inso-
lence and exultation with which the Popish enemies of
England and the democratic assailants of her institu-
tions are filled, by the mere continuance'of an imbecile
and low-minded Ministry in office. Yet they have' the •
monstrous „impudence to charge the abandonment in
which they are left by all thinking men as an offence
which they have received, instead of a just punishment
which they have provoked, and have shifted upon the
intelligence and honour of the nation the shame of t
their own unworthiness, But their hours are reckoned

—we feel a conviction that their doo,n is sealed, and
that in a few weeks from this 21st of January, 1836,
the British man-of-war, now upon her beam-ends, will
be righted.—Times.

We have received a copy of the Sixth Report of
the Committee for managing the affairs of -the North

American Colonial Association ; but though the press
of other matter will not admit of our laying this docu...
ment at length before our readers, it touches upon
points so important to a very large portion of the Bri-
tish community, both at home' and in our extensive
North American colonies, that we cannot let them pass
in silence. Our opinions as to the importance of all
our numerous colonies to the parent State are too well
known to. requite present definition ; it will, therefore,.
be sufficient to say that in principle they are the same,
whilst we shall continue vigilantly to witch and expose
every abuse that prevails in any one of them. The first
portion of this interesting commercial document 'ad-
verts to the introduction of a Bill into Parliament by
Lord Ashburton, . then President of the Board of
Trade, which put an end to the suicidal practice that
had prevailed for several years, of importing European
timber by way of the North American colonies, for
home consumption, on payment of the colonial 'duty.
We take some credit to ourselves for being foremost in
forcing upon the public attention this disgracefully
anomalous evasion of the strict interpretation of llie
law, that benefited a few mock free traders at the
expense of the British revenue and the interests of the
colonies ; and we have before congratulated those in-
terested in this alteration upon the result. This report,
secondly, adverts to Mr. Poulett Thomson's notice of
a motion for the appointment of a Select Committee
to consider the present state of the timber duties, on
the Ist of June, after that gentleman had succeeded to
the Presidency of the Board of Trade ; which truly,
would have been a Select Committee, had it not been
for the united exertions of the Colonial Association
and the General Shipowners' Society. All, however,
that they effected towards procuring an impartial Com-
mittee, was a change of so trifling a nature as to. be
entirely nugatory; for, although they brought forward
impartial and practical competent witnesses (some of
whom were not heard) from the outports, as well as
from London, whose evidence as given did not warrant
any alteration whatever in the existing duties, the Se-
lect Committee adopted certain resolutions, which they'
reported to the House of Commons on the 14th of
August, recommending a reduction to the extent of
15s. per load in the protective duty on timber, and
an alteration in the mode of taking the duty on deals,
which would approach more nearly to a payment
according to their cubical contents. We heard a
great portion of the examinations ourselves, and we
confess that in the general character of the evidence
pro and con that was adduced, we could discover
nothing to warrant/the conclusion that our Colonial
wood growers and dealers should be sacrificed even to
that extent in favour of the Baltic timber growers, with
whom we have no reciprocal trade whatever; but per-
haps the embryo Report, which we believe has been •
printed foilr months, with the exception of a certain
Appendix (the reason for. delaying which, perhaps,
Mr. Warburton will some day explain from his seat in
the House of Commons), will give us the reasons by
which the Select Committee arrived at so extraordi-
nary a conclusion. The Colonial Association in their
Report support our opinion ; they say they felt no
alarm at the promulgation of the resolutions, being
satisfied that they were so much at variance with the
evidence upon which they professed to be founded,
that it was impossible they should receive the sanc-
tion of a legislative Act. But this Committee very
justly express their astonishment at' finding - that,
although-five months have elapsed since the evidence
was reported to the House, and although we are on
the eve of another Session, the evidence has not been
circulated for the guidance of any Hon. Member ex-
ceptthose who were on the Select Committee. The
Committee of the Colonial Association then conclude,
.from this unprecedented circumstance, that his Ma-
jesty's Government cannot intend to propose any mea-
sure in accordance with the resolutions of. the Select
Committee for the consideration of Parliament during
the ensuing Session ; but very properly they earnestly
entreat the vigilant attention to the subject of all the
Members of the' Legislature who feel an interest in
the prosperity of British navigation and British colo-
nies. This singular suppression and delay of the Se-
lect Committee's Report reflects no credit whatever on
the Board of Trade and the advocates for a reduction
in the protective duties on timber, particularly as we
have before said and believe that it has been completed
so long a time with the exception of some documents,
that two or three days would have been sufficient to
revise : a fact that we understand will be confirmed on
application at the office of the Parliamentary printer.
Therefore the sooner it -is ushered into the world
the better, unless it is to be delayed until the Ca-'nadian Commissioners have arrived at the conclusion
of their Herculean labours ; if so, why has not the
President of the Board of Trade the tact (to say
nothing more) to give us the hint through one of his
ever-ready organs of the Press ? As to any alteration
in the mode of levying the duties on deals, we believe
that, in the opinion of, many practical men, it is very
problematical that attempting to ascertain the cubical
contents of deals more closely, will conduce very little,
if any, to the augmentation of the revenue, unless the
schoolmaster is first let loose upon the subordinate sur-
veying officers of the Customs, in order to increase
their present stock of arithmetical knowledge. This,
however, 'would be an economical though rather
Whigish mode of rewarding that able man, Professor
Babbage, for his past labours, unless Lord Brougham
could be induced to forget the Speakership of the .
House of Lords, and make himself useful by thus pro-
moting the economical views of his late colleagues.
However, to be serious, the question is an important
one to the interests of our North American colonies,
and we have merely discharged our duty to our fellow-
countrymen by drawing public attention to the matter,
before Parliament assembles. There are other points
on which the report of the North American Colonial
Association touches of-much impoitance, but we must
postpone our remarks upon them until another oppor-
tunity.—Morning Herald.

The task of remodelling the Court of Chancery and
the Court of ultimate resort is one which the people of
England cannot, without considerable alarm and dis-
may, see attempted by the present Ministers of the
Crown. It is not merely the danger of unsuitable
and improper appointments to the new posts which
the Melbourne Cabinet would not fail to create in the
re-construction of such important parts of our system
of jurisprudence as the equitable and supreme appellate
jurisdictions, that the nation must see reason to appre-
hend ; though some notion may be formed how for-
niidable even that comparatively inconsiderable and
transient evil might become, from the circumstance
that general and uncontradicted rumour has ascribed
to Ministers an intention no less absurd and mis-
chievous than that of placing Lord Denman at the head
of their new appellate jurisdiction—of conferring, that
is to say, upon perhaps the most unfit man in the
three kingdoms, the important function of " rejubincr
the justice" of every Court, whether of equity or
common law—of every Court, civil, criminal, and
ecclesiastical, .in England, Ireland, and Scotland.
This, so far 'from being a slight or momentary
calamity to the nation, would be an evil of such
magnitude and probable duration as fully to justify the
determination of the country to do without any reform
of its tribunals, how much soever a reform may be re-
quired, rather than accept the best reform that can be
devised, if it is only to be had upon terms so extrava-
gant and injurious. But the evil, great as it would be,
of bad appointments to any or the whole of the new
offices, is nothing in comparison with the greater and
still more certain evil, for which, if the MelbOurne
Government are to have the management of the affair,
the country must prepare itself, of having a new system
of jurisprudence contrived, with a view not so much
to the due administration of justice as to the multipli-
caa
and the increase of Ministerial patro:
ngtieo.n P cs offices,
possible that 44 intelligent and
t
prudent '
nation can so belie these qualittea as to permit tilt,
imtsost jurisprudence important
to be pulled to pieces and recon-
structed by a body of men, whose numerous antecedent
reforms or alterations in various departments of the
State, the Law, and the. Church have evidently had no
other foundation, motive, or guide, than the spirit and

principle of jobbing? Do the people of Great Britain and
Ireland wish to behold such another exhibition of profli-
gate jobbing as the Bankruptcy Court Act, upon a larger,
scale, in a more magnificent theatre, and with more
distinguished and more costly, if not more able, actors
to fill up the dramatis persona ? Are they anxious,
above all things, that new opportunities should be
afforded to enrich and dignify, at their expense, some
half-dozen of Whig lawyers, who understand the value
of a good income from the Treasury of the State
much better than any point in the practice, or any
principle in the science, of the law ? Are they con-
scious of an irresistible desire that means should forth-
with be found, by the creation of countless subordi-
nate but well-paid offices, to gratify the patriotic devo-
tion ef some Whig-Radical statesman, eager to emu-
late the fame of Lord Plunkett, by offering up his
broml of British Hannibals upon the altar of his
country ? And, having such unaccountable feelings
and wishes, are they content to sacrifice for their gra-
tification, if need be, the character of the national
juiisprudence, the only effectual guarantee for the
safety of every man's property, reputation, and life ?
Those who calculate on the people of England exhi-
biting such a degree of stupidity or infatuation will
hspeedily discovers we imagine, to their cost, that they
ave fallen into a grievous and fatal error, and that
the nation will not be satisfied to commit to the hands
of practised and inveterate jobbers, a trust of such in-
calculable importance as that of re-modelling its judi-
cial institutions.—Morning Post.
An article appears in the current Number of the
Edinburgh Review, founded on Reports of two Com-
mittees of the House of Commons, app9inted last
Session; to inquire into the origin, nature, extent, and
tendencies of Orange Associations in Great Britain,
the Colonies, and- Ireland. The article itself is
written with great vigour and eloquence ; but the ex-
tracts given from the Reports, especially those relating
to Ireland, expose such an atrocious system of secta-
rian cruelty, that it would be difficult to accord them
belief on ;any less credible authority than that whence
they emanate. It has been proved by indisputable
evidence, that not only officers of high rank in the
army, but also magistrates and clergymen have
been most active members of these most illegal,
persecuting, and bloodthirsty combinations. Nay,
those very parsons, entrusted with the preservation of
the peace, and the preaching of goodwill amongst
men, ministers of the laws of God and man, have
headed armed processions, with banners flying and
music playing party tunes, and encouraged wanton
and sanguinary attacks on the lives and property of
the Catholic population. Murders have been fre-
quently committed, houses have been burned, and
all manner of abominations perpetrated, and through
the influence of those entrusted with the execution
of the laws, and the instrumentality of " packed "
juries, the criminals have escaped with impunity.
Let one case serve as an example. _ An officer
marches into the town of Dromore with his own com-
pany of yeomanry, armed with guns and bayonets,
and assaults several Catholic persons; they arrive op-
posite a public-house, a halt is called, and without any
provocation an order is given to prime, load, and fire
into the house, where several persons were taking re-
freshment. .- Many are wounded, and one man killed ;
a ,trial is demanded by the people—the chief criminal
is allowed to remain at large, and flies the country, his
subordinates are tried, and it being proved that they
fired by the command of their officer, they are, found
guilty only of manslaughter. The principal offender
returns, and what is his reception ? He is made a
, Justice of the Peace ! This simple fact, which we
take from amongst a variety of others of a similar de-
scription, speaks more than a voluntary of commentary.
We shall merely ask a question : When such proceed-
ings have been sanctioned by a Tory Government,
could peace be preserved in Ireland were that faction
to return to power ? They make resistance virtue.—
Morning Advertiser.

CHANCERY COURT-WEDNESDAY,

THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. BRENTWOOD SCHOOL.

➢lr. WIGRAM applied for an order to restore this case to
his Lordship's paper. The matter 'had been fully argued
before Lord Brougham, but at his Lordship's suggestion it
stood over to allow the parties an opportunity of coming to a
compromise, that being in his Lordship's opinion the course
that would prove most advantageous to the foundation.
Endeavours had been made to comply with the wishes of
the Court, but no plan had been proposed to which the
Attorney-General, in the strict discharge of his duty, could
give his sanction, and it therefore became necessary to have
the case re-heard, so that the Court might pronounce its
decision on the points it issue.

The LORD CHANCELLOR suggested under such circum-
stances that the parties should take the judgment of 'Lord
Brougham, and save the time and expense of a rehearing.
His Lordship had no doubt that Lord Brougham would
decide the point if he was required to do so.
Mr. WIGRAM was content.to abide by Lord Brougham's
decision, if the other side consented.
