SUNDAY PAPERS.

(VRO)I THE NEWS.)
THE NATURAL DEFENCES OF CoNmawriNoPLE
THE POWER OF RUSSIA, AUSTRIA, ENGLAND,
There are two periods in the year, during which the ap-
proach to Constantinople, from Russia, is invested with
difficulties sufficient to deter the most enterprising spit it
from the attempt ; viz. the winter and the summer. In
the former season, the Russians have hitherto considered
such an invasion as a hopeless project; and in the latter,
such is the dry and burning nature of the soil, that the
whole country would seem to he blasted with sterility, as
design. The milder influences of spring, by which all
these terrors are mitigated, must have passed by, for the
present year, before any essential approaches had been
made by the Russians in the direction of the Ottoman capi-
ta). And yet it is only the work of a few weeks' brief
fighting to occupy all the country bet Ween the Danube and
the passes of the Balkan. The Russians have not opened
the campaign with aey spirit that would appear to con-
template an open dash on Constantinople. They ought,
ere this, had such been their views, to have been engaged
in some severe skirmishing with their fiercest foes, the
mountain cavalry in the defiles of the Balkan. it is no
summer's work to combat . these hereditary soldiers,
who contract to fight on their awn farms, as the
fee simple of their inheritance ; and who are at home
amid their native fastnesses: with death and danger
mounting garrison on the bulwarks of wild and desolate
nature. The tnmultuary campaigns, which the race of
people that inhabit these regions wage against their ene-
mies, are such as strike more terror than the steady- and
regulated movements of disciplined force ; because the
country is as peculiar as the conflict ; and all calculation is
baffled as to what ground the enemy may he encountered on
—an what force—whether in the front or in the rear, &c.
In situations of this description, a powerful army may be
destroyed in detail, without even coming to a regular en-
gagement; and hitherto, such have been the difficulties
attending any advance towards Constantinople, that we
have no instance of its military occupation by an enemy,
Azmid the conflicts of many centuries. Were it not for
these difficulties, and the singularly bold anti furious impe-
tuosity of wnissli the Turkish troops are susceptible— the
patient, persevering, end 'Wept-mil,: character of the Rus-
sian military would long ago have reduced the proud Stam-
boul, and displaced the Crescent by the Cross on the
tewera of St. Sophia. Russia comprises one twenty-
eigh,th. of the entire Globe ; and whenever she
shall avail l.}erself of the coasts of the Black
Sea, to pronto, e 411 unrestricted commercial inter-
course in the Levant, she will l/seanne more formidable to
Great Britain than Bonaparte ever was in the meridian of
his power. She menaces at this moment both the East
and the West; and though there is a guarded tone of was-
desistion in all her dealings, we never find her making
pewee washout detnanding, money, with which to indemnify
herself fur the pass: ; and territory in possession in fee as
security for the future. And 14 the very name of this
nation two centuries ago, was, aJ tt were, unknown.
Little better than one century ago, Russia did not appro,aels
even no the Black Sea ; and now she is mistress of the
greater par: ssf ; while in the North she has equally en-
croached on the BaX...s. The great secret of this uniform
euccese is, that she possesses kittle to tempt the cupidity of
.046, conquerors. Bonaparte otsiy assoght to drive Ler
back into Asia ; and to elevate Poland into a east of ss'atcli-
tower on her froutiees. She has the capacity to renew 4
physical force, for any definite object, to an almost unli-
mited extents and t-his power, s;spported by a rare con-
stancy of purpose, through victory and throagb defeat, has
always brought her in a winner in the O;14; §4.e js lo that
stage of existence as a nation, which possesses the vivant
of barbarism without its weakness ; and thus constitutes
that peenliar moral position in which kuowledy,e may he
dead beaten by lgasurance. Russia quotes her popu-
lation in Europe, a4d, Asia and America, at
about sixty millions; her army in a 4Fpp pf peace ! at
;%00,000; and in a period of war, 4t eleAna
fitoyeand fighting own ; and 406 armed ships. The
latter, tiey,-;pd about a dozen vessels, are a contemptibl,
force in all that makes real naval power ;. and if England
were to raw howl', key 4 similar manner, instead of
naming a thousand vessels of tpgr, she might name treble
the number. The population of Turkey in about 24
; but in curtain portions of her territory every
malt is
,a soldier when called upon ; and hence the fact,
that on any r.erions menace, she would muster a million.
of men with perhaps kiss difficulty than any other nation
is Europe. The greatest danger to which she is subject,
is mutiny apal insubordination; a Suitzo's head is cut off,
and a door is openad to negotiation !r---The pplp.tion of
France cannot be 1_0044 ii4h,er than about thirty-three
millions, including her Coiopini gs we Lave those of
Russia; and her army in a time of RI 0. at p 20,000.-
4itot.Tia gives her war-establishinent of troop ea as
750,G,cs ; and Prussia about half a million. The pops
lation of tlte world, under the dominion of England, is
not less than sae /Andred and fizrty nzillions; being
nearly equal fo that wiiipi4 hl under the sway of all the
ether Powers of Europe ; yet Og W.t,ty-establishment of
troops., including the militia, would not seassliasrip,ooo men.
The imrraesiae difference between morel and physical kirpe,
in Governioetsie and in armies, is here singularly illustratN•
We observe that souse pf our contemporaries have specu-
lated on a coalition betweass Austria, Prussia,
and Turkeyrseasgaiaist Awaits and rsagse. Nothing could
be more improbaisle, Reseia could annihilate rrus,sia in a
single campaign ; the latter li2s rlO natpral P"
arawn up out of the excise of otissS' fi4tee ; andser dews's
sail as.ould be witnessed without any one oyinpli!sing
her fate. Austria would be glad to round hes epp:re with
Bosnia and garvig ; but she would be weaker then, swift
Russia as a neigialseue, than she is at present. The Em-
peror Nicholas, with tiaapooncils of old Catharine around
him, knows how the land lie.b.; be will make nice of no
means that shall give him the Bosphok?na, Constantinople,
and the great keep of the iNlediterraneao ; leave
allies, whoever they may be, to pieh and ehonse t:VT the
remainder; and hence the fact, that the course of his policy
will excite leasjeatensy with any other power than with Ern:-
land. There is one hope ”.'hich we may entertain ; viz. that
Russia will fail to conciliate 4 ustria. The Emperor Francis
is a wary and cold-blooded politician ; fso knows that with
Ow Turks as his neighbours, he is safe; he revirog no
military rhain against them ; he is jealous of all The Osseo
principal rernaioing, Powers that skirt his empire; and he
knows his present strength, in relation thereto. it is as
remarkable as it is true, that for prompt, immediate, and
esTsstive service, with It Land Force, Austria is the most
powerfel country in the world. She gen send into the field
at almost any sissies near half a million of fighting men,
without reckoning tier andwehr. They are thus *noted
.on good authority ,
f 3 Regiments of German Infmtcy,„ 177,900 ntql
Bungarian ditto
20 Ba4la)ions Grenadiers 15,000
20 Do. Chaz;pAn,
19 Regts. on the Frontier (Infantry) '73,000
14 Regts. of Cuirassiers toad Dragoons 14,000
23 Itegta. of fight Cavalry
5 Regts. Light infantry:as..."
..,„, 20,000
Officers, &c
„24,900
Waggon Train

461,000

plinep oe
This is the war eoriapienlEtit oisci
b 44,4 f dt•i4n beyond dtroo her frontif tli
er •
line, without one soldier
a circumstance that gives an almost compactues:
to her power ; look at the rt.noniness of 11P1 k.nitoyy • and
the lierfu{.;
the scattered forces of Russia, spreading overphere it were ! What has Austria, "as it is," to fear?'What to gain, that may not give her cause for fear?
Out
of the half a miliio, of force, quoted by Prussia, as taken
in 1826, 400,000 are Lanilwebr of the hat and 2d Von.
Agaiust Revolutionary France, ALlfar/4 fought three times
more campaigns, single-handed, than P,!•ussia
Reposing on her present territory, Austria will at any
command allies, should Russia become a troublesome neigh-
hour. The views which the principal Cabinets of Europe
take of the present measures of Russia, must soon be dis-
closeA : and the affair, if it do not terminate with the pre-
sent campaign, will involve other powers by menacing other
interests. Enghaul and France cannot both have Egypt ;
nor agree which shall have it. Yet this were the only di-
visien of the spoil that could reconcile either to any essen-
tial redaction of the power of Turkey. For France to
take the Moroi, alter all her chivalry in favour of Greece,
would he a grosser affair than any that stained the CAM-
quests of Buonaparte. What course events may take none

may Ray ; but certain it is that the time is full of interest;
and ages of future difficulty and of strife may trace their
origin iu the passing occurrences of the present moment.
(Faint THtc EYA:IIINER.)
_

NEW MINISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS.—If we had been
required to point out an example of what is commonly
described as " a hollow old Whig," we should have unhe-
sitatingly instanced Mr. Calcraft as the aptest repre-
sentative of that decayed anti now despised class. This
gentleman has been appointed Paymaster-General, vice
Mr. V. Fitzgerald, promoted to the Board of Trade; and
the Times observes, that the arrangement " looks Whig-
gish enough, or rather liberal enough, beyond all doubt ;
and certainly tends to prove—first, that there was great
rashness on the part of Mr. Huskiseon in broadly tendering
Lis resignation ; and next, that as such an event could
not be expected, so likewise was it not wished or de-
sired by the Duke of Wellington, though we ourselves, we
will frankly own, leaned to a different opinion at first."—
According to our ideas, it does net prove any thing which
was not sufficiently notorious before, and it cannot by any
rational construction throw any new light upon the Duke's
disposition towards Mr. Huskissou, Huskissons and Cal-
crafts being about as similar in their natures as elephants
and water-rats. People have long been aware of the
sickly complexion of Mr. Calcraft's politics, and the moat
jealous Tory of the day would be under no apprehension of
enibarraasment from his principles. We should much
question indeed whether he had ever, in the whole course
of his life, entertained what might properly be called a po-
litical principle, and certain we are that he has carefully sup-
pressed any indication of such a pots ion. He has always
been an indulgent man to jobs, and an advocate fur extrava-
gance in our military establishments. Witness Lis conduct for
years past on the discussions of the army and navy estimates,
and his support of the Clarence Pension Act. The Times
remarks, that he has ever been and remains a Whig—that
is, of the:old school, which is vastly inferior to the new To-
ries, and only preferable to the crazy Ultras. What merit,
indeed, has the Times discovered in this gentleman since it
rebuked him for sitting in public placer with an elderly
Thais by his side ? Our contemporary conjectures that
Mr. Calcraft will not be the last of his party who will ac-
cept of office under the Duke. Possibly not ;..and if the other
converts be of the same order, there will be no inconsis-
tency in the adhesion. Mr. Veaey Fitzgerald is, we ob-
serve, styled Liberal by the Times merely because he ad-
vocates the Catholic Claims. That this is a redeeming
virtue we admit; but we utterly deny that it alone is suffi-
cient to give the stamp to a man's political character.
There is Mr. Horace Twiso, and divers others pro-Catholic
but nevertheless creatures, Serviles. The opeu question does
not stand in their way to subordinate place. Perhaps some
journals, as well as some Whigs, are not indisposed to follow
the es sample of Mr. Calcraft. There has been no notice
in the Times of the Archbishop of Canterbury's job, and
some ominous hints to correspondents have appeared. The
Duke has given offence to the Tories—therefore he is to be
supported by the Liberal,. Miserable logic—wretched
policy ! The insuperable objection to the Duke is to be
conveyed in five words—He is an ignorant soldier.—
Were we to give hint credit for the best disposition, for
which we see no grounds, we should consider those terms
as containing a sufficient disqualification. Either Govern-
ment is a farce and an imposition, or the Duke and his
mesmates are grossly unfit for it. The Duke has neither
the knowledge necessary to his station, nor the sense of
what is requisite, which would lead him to supply his own
deficiencies by availing himself or the services of better-
informed men. Being ignorant himself, he is making the
preposterous attempt to show that ignot once is as capable
as knowledge. Heger his elioice ofcolleagnos-,-his Hardinges,
Murraye, Gouibuens, end all that fry. When Valebreque,
the husband of Catalani, was asked how he proposed to
form an opera company, he answered "Ma fetnrne, et
quatre on cinq poupkes—voila tout ce faut." The
Duke, if he spoke ingenuously, must have used the same
kri-P in informing his Majesty of his plan for forming an
Adroinit:tratiA--," Moi, et quatre oil cmq ponpkes—voila
tout ce faut." Two of the Ministers, Messrs. Cour-
. tenay and Fitzgerald, have io the Howse made proclama-
tion of their ignorance, and promised to apply themselves
to their studies during the summer recess. They had
insult better refrain from such doubtful pursuits. As the
tower salsas are becoming instructed, it will be proper in
the superior ordera Wpschew knowledge, and preserve their
distinction by ignorance. If the Wellingtoo Ministry lasts
a year, no person of ton will know how to read or write.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Sewn o'Clucl

PE l .lAL PA.RLIA N 1 ENT

(THIS FYENING,)

HOUSE OF LORDS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR did not take his
seat on the Woolsack till twenty minutes past five
o'clock.
Lord R,EDESDALE moved for certain returns of
sils'er and bullion down to April, 1828.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER presented a peti-
tion from the Society of Friends in London, against
Slavery.
Lord ELI)ON presented a petition from the
Inhabitants of the City of London, Planters in the
West India Colonies, praying for compensation itt
the event of their Lordships abolishing Slavery.
Sir 4. GRANT, and others, brought up from the
House of Commons the Sugar Duties Bill for 1825,
the Canada Company Bill, and the Scotch Mad,
house Bill.
Mr. DOGIIERTY and others brought up the Irish
Regulating Market Town Bill.
The Archbishop of Canterbury's Benefice Lega-
ilzation Bill passed through i Committee, and the
Report was received.
Lord MELVILLE presented a petition from
1,100 of the inhabitants of Dover against Slavery.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a pe-
tition from tit Ribbon Weavers of Coventry, pray-
ing their Lordships to regulate their trade and wages.
The Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND pre-
sewed pgtitions from the inhabitants of Newcastle-
upon-Tyne, North Shields, and Blythe, praying for
the gradsal Abolition of 6lawery. -
also a petition from the owners and occupiers of
land, in the'northern parts of Nort }umbel land, against
Lk! Corn Bill, and praying their Lordships not to
allow 4portation of foreign corn, unless it ob-
tained the pdtle of ''fos. per quarter, and then only
in certain quanties.
Lord FALMOUTH presented a petition front
the inhabitants of Penzanse, and another from a
perish in Cornwall, against slavery.
Tine House went into a Committee upon the
Scotch Ale-ho4c..e Bill, and the report was received.
Lord CiROSVEN(A presented a petition from
the Inhabitants of Chester to the ;Alpe effect. In
presenting this petition the Noble Lord iituted,
he would take the opportunity of putting to the
tioi.ilf2 Duke opposite, the questions relative to this
object, on fpyrny occasioe he should do, and he
conceives to be most impoftvit to a large proportion
the sUbjects 'of thi;3 canary, and tending to
couswenees seriously affecting the inhabitants 9( 4
great portion of the 'world. He begged also take
that opportunity of stating tile grOllj{tii AO Which h
put these questions.
(LEFT SITTING.

iIPPSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKEQ tool; tbp fill* this day at five
minutes after four o'clock.:
Mr. JOHNSON brought up certain papers frail ttn:,
office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland.
WARD presented a petition from the Mayor,
Coypopqi9p, and other citizens of London, com-
plaining of the aPus.ls in the Secondaries office.
After a few words .from Aide
and Mr. Alderman AITHMAN, the petitiuVl ifa!;
ordered to be printed. rman WOOD
W
Colonel DAVIS presented a petition front the
glove rpi infacturers of Worcester complaining of the
depressed state of the glove trade.
Air. ROBINSON gave notice that it was his in-
tention to call the attention of the House to the de-
pressed state of the glove trade on Thursday next.
Sir J. BRYDGES presented a petition from Sir
Harcourt Lees of Dublin, against any further con-
cessions to the Roman Catholics. The petition was
read at full length, and after a few words front Mr.
Lambe was ordered to be printed.
Colonel TALBOT presented a petition frem the

a-\

4s,

Royal Irish Mining Company, against the importa-
tion of Foreign Lead.
SLAVERY.

Sir W. ROWLEY presented two petitions from
Suffolk for the abolition of Slavery.
Mr. PENDARVES presented a similar petition
from Penzance.
Mr. SPOTTISWOOD presented a similar pe-
tion from Saltash.
Sir RICHARD VIVIAN moved for returns of
the returns of the regulations in foreign ports on the
import and export of goods, and of the amount of
duties payable on them.
CHICHESTER presented a petition from
Wexford, respecting the police establishment of
Ireland.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a petition from
Mr. Donkin, the Clerk of the County Court at Dur-
ham, against the Small Debts' Bill.
CLAIMS ON THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petitien from Henry
Theasner, complaining of the misappropriation of
the money granted by the French Government, for
the compensation of the claims of British subjects
on the French Government.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN presented a peti-
tion from the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn,
against the additional churches Bill.
Mr. LITTLETON said that the Commissioners
for building churches had conducted themselves
with so much discretion that he was disposed to be-
lieve every thioJ in their favoar, qut thought they
ought to allow more time to enable parishes to be-
come better acquainted with the provision of the
Bill.

Mr. WESTERN presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Chelmsford, against Negro Slavery,
also similar petitions from Romford and other places
in Essex.

Lord BELGRAVE presented a similar petition
From Chester.

Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition
from a person named Button, who claims to be a
free vintner, against certain clauses in the Licenses

Sir ROBERT WILSON presented a petition
from the inhabitants of St. George's parish, Cam-,1
berwell, against the Church Building Act.
Mr. HOI3HOUSE said,that when a million was
originally granted for this purpose, it was understood
that the public were to be called on for nothing
additional. There was no time to be considered of
the matter, and therefore time ought to be given.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that he was instructed
also to press for further time befor the passing of
this Bill. He thought the Bill should not be suffer-
ed to procaed further this Session.
Mr. MARSHALL also objected to passing the
Bill so hastily through the House. The petition
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a petition from the
Dissenters of a Church in Leeds against the burn-
ing of Hindoo widows.
Sir 0. MURRAY brought up papers relative to
the proceeding of the Commissioners appointed for
the amelioration of the slave population of the West

Mr. BERNAL presented a petition from Mr.
G. Newland, complaining that the Commissioners
for liquidating the claims on the French Government
had allowed him interest upon his claims of 80,0001.,
at the rate of 3 per cent. only, whilst the other
cldimants had received at the rate of 5 per cent.,
and praying for relief. He trusted the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Chancellor of the Exchequer) would
give a pledge that the claims of the petitioners
would he referred back to the Commissioners for re-
consideration.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
felt it quite impossible to give such a pledge us that
required by the Hon. Member as he had not as yet
had an opportunity of looking into the papers con-
nected with this subject sufficiently to enable him to
enter into discussion of the details, but he was
sole to say of this particular ease that the petititioner
appealed to tlie Privy Council against the first deci-
sion of the Commissioners upon this claim, and the
Privy Council having considered the appeal, referred
the claim hank to the Commissioners who upou hives-

tigation pronounced a second judgment, against
which the petitioners again appealed to the Privy
Council, and the second judgment was confirmed by
the Privy Council. He was, however, willing to
say, that if the case were referred to the Treasury, it
should undergo the fullest investigation, and he had
no doubt that ample justice would be done to the
petitioner,
After a few observations from Mr. LITTLETON in
support of the prayer of the petition,
Sir G. PHILLIPS mentioned a case in which a
house at Manchester transmitted their claim to a
banking house at Paris, which did not present the
claim to the consideration of the Commissioners in
due time ; and he (Sir G. P.) wished to know
whether, in consequence of this neglect by the
French banking-house, the Manchester house was to
lose all claim. He thought if that house was to lose
this moneys their case would be peculiarly hard, the
more particularly as there was a sum of 240,000/.
received from the French Government still unap-
plied.
Mr. BRIGHT mentioned a similar case of a house
at Bristol, which had supported French prisoners is
this country during' the war, and he trusted that the
claim would not be defeated.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said the claims referred to by the Hon. Gentleman
(Bright) did not come within the meaning of the
Treaty in question, but with respect to the other
claim that of Manchester, he was compelled to say
that although it was one of great hardship, the party
had himself to blame for not having lodged his
claim within the time prescribed by the Commis
sioners—of which time all claimants had had suffi-
cient notice.
Sir G. PHILLIPS said, that it was broadly
stated in the French Papers, that the English Go-
vernment had committal a fraud on the Freta
Gove rument.

(LEFT SITTING.)

TATTERSALL's THIS DAY

iThe little business of to-day consisted in settling in a
small way on the Ascot Meeting; betting seemed almost
out of the question, for though a great number of horses
wetT named and spoken about, yet very few bets were
made. Bessy Denim was backed by one party freely at
to 1. Fur the Three-yr-old Sweepstakes in the York
August Meeting, Lambtonian was backed with good
takers at sto 1. As no alterations were manifest, the
minor St. Leger horses stand as last quoted. The follow-
ng were the closing prices
199 soya. STAKES, TH1111) LAY YORE AUGUST .MEETING.
to 1 agst I.ortl Durham's Lambtoniau
T..pipA§Tint TT. T.Eqga.
31 to 1 agst 111 r. Armitage's Velocipede
5 to 1 agst Col. King's Bessy Bedlam (taken)
6 to 1 agist Hon. E. Petre's The Colonel
20 to 1 agst Sir T. Mostyn's Ultimatum.

The venerable Earl of ELDoN, we hear, in-
teq4 to visit his estates in this county in the course of the
present surrituar.---:nurp!n 4(4erqse,./..

Hay-making has partially commenced in the
neighbourhood of this city, and the crops, particularly on
new land, are most abundant. Indeed, there has not been
known so great and early a crop for a number of years, and
in consequence old hay is much reduced in price. Barley
iook:s remarkably well and forward, but wheat and oats, iu
some places, seem not in quite so thriving a state. The
late rains and fine weather will, no doubt, materially im-
prove them.—Durham Chronicle.

The Cetton Trade in Manchester as well as in
Glasgow, is at present in rather a depreeeed state, but this
is in a great measure to he accounted for by the fact that
usually at this season of the year there is little dune either
in the Home or Foreign Trade. gtocks are consequently
igereasing, but the manufacturers have not yet begun to
lessen the number of their workmen, which would be an
indication that the depression was likely to he of some
duration. The Autumn demand will no doubt restore to
trade its former briskness.— Glasgow chronicle.
