CHtitST=CE;ZTRCU PAtt'tSft.

Daltyliaiile, Vilgrith.—Dwelling-house injured, and Rll
the furniture, plate, and clothes destroyed and taken away.
D. It. Yranalen, Sthall ltiage..;—Canes burnt, and Many
slaves kilted and executed.
Mr. R. nerd, Hope.—Ditta. °
Mr. J. It. nest has sufftred.
Many more in this parish likestise hare 'sacred materially.

that negro.liousts of all the 'stoics whole tierces i exult-
et!, through which the ittilitta poised, were set it'e to by their
cotoosartdiugoelt:res frtnit mallets of policy.

What tollnivi is from tlte Burbadoes Afeicury of
Me SOOs of April :

131tMGE .TOWN, 41rnit. no.

It is unnecessary to state to our readers in this
Community the occasion nt that' suspension of our
labours which has taken place since the 13th of
this month it will he long trail painfully iinKess-
ed on their minds ; but those of. our subscribers
who reside in thz neighbottring vatic-molts, will
nti dottbt be de,irous of knnwiug the cause of it.
We shall therefore endeavour to perfOrnt this in.
pleasant dirty, although we feel considerable
entry in the attempt,.
At so early an ,hour as twat !n the morning of
Easter Monday, this Island was placed under
martial law, in order to quell a perfidious league
of slaves' in the parishes of St. Philip, Christ-
church, St. John, and St. Ueorge ; who, in their
marl career, were Setting fire to fields of CAlle, as
well as pillaging and destroying the buildings on
many estates, and otherwise pursuing a system of
devastation. which hacseldotn been equalled.
• The inhabitants of this town Were appriXed of
these nefarious, proceedings through the personal
-exertions of Colonel J. P. Mayers, of the royal
Tegimeot of Militia, who, upon receiving the in-
telligence, instantly proceeded front his planta-
tion ; and haring on his way acquainted Colonel
Codd, in command, of the garrison of St. Ann,
the troops were intinediately called to arms„ and
put its readieess..to march in the route of.the.:e
Incendiaries.. • ,
This promptitinleoe the part Of the Cotenrand-
ant seas followed by his kindness in supplying the
st. Micha'ef's Militia with smne tirr that wete
required, and likewise with ammunition, sci that
by day-break they were readyipr service ; upon
Which the flank and some other cortipanirs, head-
ed by Colonel Itlayers, were soon afterwards dis-
patched, and on their march they joined a huge
body of tegulars, commanded by Colonel Coil,
with which they pioeeeded to the Scene of de-
solation.

The life-pards, weft sent in that direct.
Coln, and bring divided into squadrons, they fr,e;
quently ri:11 in with parties of the insurgents,
iome of whom they killed, and dispersed the
'to ; and, from the facility with which Ads
badly conveyed intelligence to the troops, it was
found to he n most essential ontlis on this cala-
mitons occasion.

The enicrpriting'spirit of Colonel Best was cots.
spicuotts itt this at ; for,, with the Christ• church
I)totaliett, tae was on duty in the very Mitlit of the
rebellious, mid contributed in a great degree to
Sts dispersion in that neighbourhood soon after
their commencement, but in effecting Which 'se-
veral of the insurgents were shot.
Those troops troth the garrition, as well as the
militia; were, uptiit approaching the thicket (one
of the estates principally concerned in this out-
rtitge), sent in divisions in different directions,
*id, the hope of discovering, before night, those
places to which the rebellions had retreated upon
perceiving them advance. In the performance of
this duty, the troops surprised many parties of
them, and some of whom lost their lives in at-
tempting to escape,
Besides those that were killed an the following
day, many were taken prisoners, and upwards of
400 have been cent op board the vessels in the
bay, to await the result of their trial, agreeably
to a proclamation issued by President Spooner.
Many have been coodemned in the parishes
titat revOlted, upon full evidence of their guilt, be-
fore a Court-martial and a Court of Inquiry is
sitting in town, before whom several have been
convicted, and their sentence of death has been
carried .into effect on those plantations to which
the offenders belonged.
It having been deemettadvisable to acquaint his
Excellency, Governor Sir James Leith, G. C. B.
of the state of the country, an express was sent
to Guadatoupe on the Ifith inst., and his Excel-
lency lost no time in proceeding hither, having
arrived on the 24th in a French schooner of war
that happened p) be at that inland. -The Go.
irernor has since thought fit to circulate thee fol.-
lywing Address

All ADDREIS TO THE 81-BVE rort7p4Tiox or TIM
16LAND OF BARBOQES.
Tt appearing that the late insut section of slaves in the pa-
risftes
of Nt. St George, Christ-church, and St. Johns
was principally caused by the snisrepreseiltation and instiga-.
lion of ill-disport-4 persons, who tave been endeavouring to
induce a'helief that the *litres were actually made free, but
that their manumissions were improperly withbehl from theta,
I think it my duty at once to remove all misconception 04 4
subject of so great importance for the tramptillity of this co-
forty, and for the well-being of the slaves themselves.
do not meats to enter into the origin_and nature: of slovery,
farther than to prekost frMu erroneously supposing that
bandage ilyous particular or exci9sive lot.
Slavery is not the isistitution of any partienlar Mous; age,
or country has ever existed, and does still exist among
white as well as black men, in ,every quarter of the cartli.---!•
That the blocks of Africa have countenanced slavery,: and
%A the whites base been its joint 'authors in the West in-
ales, is a Net porsonally known to all of you who bane cause
.from Africa uoder the canipuisive transfer of your persons by
Itatw .owo cooutiporo, by whom you were bad in bondage. in
your native and wei there disposed (slag slaves. That,
ssatr Isitstatteassd quita4k Sererciin, and the Dritisli

disapprove a Cite traffic la slay Ca from Vein it Lit'ornla
all : as well as that it Las consequeptly_b!ien prohibited
the law, and has lung teased.
Is is equally a fact, that. the Is!it'Ai Te6Ple of 'Africa stilt
continue slavery, not only 'among themselves,' but that they
daiy barter their fellows of every age and sett to any person
who chooses to but them; while Great Britain alone ye.
efts bet power to prevent an increase of slavery, ana to
render those who are now unavoidably in that state, every
practicable service • which: henevoleoce suggests But flit
Most wise.and just men, the must humane and zealous advo-
tates a the abolition of the slave trade, who possess practi-
cal knowledge, and the most sincere friends of those who arc
actually in slavery, have considered their emancipation (ex-
cept in particular eases, as the reward of fidelity and good
eonduct) to be morally impracticable, whether such a mea-
sure 'borsht regard the good ordeifof the community at large,
Or the well-being of the generality of the slaves themselves.

What would be the fate ,Of the old, the infirm, the sick,
the helpless children, end a large proportion of your whole
bsaly, who have been brought up to depend entirely upon
your nesters for your subsistence; and from that circum•
stance, as well as from the want of knowledge as artificers, and
in Other respects, would be "little. able to provide for your
wants, if a rash measure of general emancipation were at
once to tisrOw the mass of the slave population into a new
state of society, under the flattering but fallacious 'name of
freedom ; in reality, however, presenting only the dangers of
general disorder, .and producing (except to a few) the nsi•
series of confusion and want, leading to the commission of
crimes, mid to the absolute subversion of public order ansl
tranquillity? otter contemplating such danger to the cos►=
munity, it i• not necessary to go into the origin and nature
of slavery, in order to decide on the impraticability of its
abolition where it actually, exists, excepting bye wise and
unremitting system ion, by which it will gradually
produce its own reformation. Ilyinch means alone, tod not
by the attempt of a► rash andrdestructiv'e' convulsion, bas
slavery imperceptibly, safely, and happily changed, in every
country where it had ever ealsted, but has now ceased, front
the beginning of the world to the present tinue.
I hare learned that a general belief had been mischievously
propagated among yob,' that I was in iiessesiion of your ma-
numissions, and that a►y roturn to Barbadites would have put
you in possession of your freedom. I can solemnly assure
you, that my arrival has been one of the mast painful Periods
of my life; when, in performing my duty, I have not only
had to inform you of the cruel deception which the enemies
of the State, and still more yobr own hitter foes, have prac•
Used on both, but to feel myself called on'by the offended
laws to seek out and still to punish the guilty. •

Verhips never was there a more delicate subject to touch
on with you thanyour condition is slaves, especially under
the unhappy circumstances in which too many of pin have
intolved yOurselvegi, And by which the Full!), had planned so
much mischief to this colony; hut I never be deterred
from promulgating truth when my duty points nut the ne-
cessity, however difficult it may appear to give it effect. -
I conjure y‘ai all, then, to return with cheerfulness to. your
dnties, where it will be tnfinitely more consistent with mi
desire to see you act- front reason than from force. Every
thing which Oa...paternal government of the Prince Regent
can practically effect for your your progressive
prosperity, and bappinesi..has been and will continue to be
done. I appeal with confidence to yoorselees, 'whether vote
proprietors also have.notngenerally done lunch to render lour
situations ionifortahle. •
In that which regards my authority, you may rely on a strict
and watclefol•exeeution of my duty in whatever regards yorte'
interests; hut do not allow me, in expressing the benevolent
feelings which I shell ever entertain towards you, to mistral
you into a belief, that I could fora mnmeet perno you, to
resist with impunity the just exercise of that authority which
the law has placed over you.-
It is melancluily to think on the numbers of. men who in
the lele insurreetiOn lott their lives in the rash and wicked
contest against the laws, into which they allowed themselvee
to he hurried, without a shadow of hope that their efforts
would bate been successful against the powerful means with-
-in my command for the preservation of public tranquillity.
I cannet Omit to express my satisfaction at: the enod'irense
and feeling of so lerge a proportion of you, who rallied round
your masters and their families, when your deluded brethren
so- shaniefolly forgot the ties of dusty and gratitude where be-
nefits had been conferred on them.

• .1 trait, however, that the example of those whose fidelity
I have justly commended, even more than the fate of those
who have lust their lives, and the returning reamon of the de-
holed, will save me from tire painful task of using the ample
power at all times in say haads to crush the refractory, and
punish the guilty.
It will indeed be to me a source of true gratification to
witnes4 the speedy return of general confidence and industry:,
and of that comfort mid cheerfulness which su large a portion
of you seemed to enjoy.
Government House, April 516, 1816. JAMES lIETTIT.
Sir James Leith also, as soon its the instnree.
Otto was suppressed, issued a proclamation, taking
off .the embargo on - the vessels lying in Carlisle
•
'lay.
