NATIONAL MONUMENT OF SCOTLAND.

The Bill for the erection of this most laudable and interest-
ing object received the Royal Assent in the House of Lords on
Tuesday night. It is to be a
,fac simile of the Parthenon of
Athens, with a place of worship for 3,000 persons, including
his Majesty's forces (sailors and soldiers) stationed in and about
Edinburgh. The City of Edinburgh have, in the handsomest
manner, granted a site on the Calton Hill for this noble edifice ;
and his Majesty, who is the Patron of the undertaking, has gra-
ciously condescended to lay the foundation atone on the occa-
sion of his anxiously expected visit to the ancient capital and
palace of his Royal ancestors.

Notwithstanding the weather was rather unfa-
vourable last night, we understand that the Royal
Gardens, Vauxhall, had to boast much elegant
company. The Tight Rope Prodigy, young
Longuemare, and Miss Hengler, the celebrated
Wire Dancer, delighted and astonished the
assemblage.—Madame Hengler's Fireworks were
exceedingly brilliant.
WINE.—An Indian Chief being asked his opi-
nion of a cask of Madeira wine, presented to him by an Officer
of the East India Company's service, said he thought its juice
extracted from women's tongues and lion's hearts, " for after
drinking a bottle of it, I can talk for ever, and fight the devil."
BARBER'S WIT.—A hair-dresser at Halifax in-
formed one of his customers, the other morning, that he had
just been finishing of an attorney in that place, who had de-
parted soon after to York, to attend his 'professional duties at
the Assizes. On which the Gentleman inquired if he, the
barber, had any cause to try there ?—" No," replied the opera-
tor, " I had much rather shave a lawyer than let a lawyer shave
me." _

The English Company from the Theatres of
Windsor and Brighton, under the direction of
Mr. PENLEY, will commence their representa-
tions on the 29th of July, at the Theatre of
Porte St. Martin. They will successively per-
form Othello, Hamlet, Macbeth, and other trage-
dies of SHAKSPEARE ; and several comedies of
OTWAY, CONGREVE, and SHERIDAN.—(Journa,
des Dibats.)

POETRY.

" ROW GENTLY HERE."

( From Moore': new Volume of Notional Melodies.)

A VENETIAN Ma.
Row gently here, my Gondolier,
So softly wakes the tide,
That not an ear on earth may- hear,
But her's to whom we glide.

Had heaven but tongues to speak, as well
As well as starry eyes to see,
Oh, think what tales 'twould have to tell

Of wzmitering youths like me.

Now rest thee here, my Gondolier,
Hush—hush—for up I go,
To climb yon light Balcony's height,
Whilst thou keep'st watch below.

Ah ! did we tak,,.. fyr Heav'n atrxte
But half such pain as we
Take day and night. for woman's love,
What angels we should bel

MERCANTILE SHIvrISG.

DEAL, JULY 31.—Wind W.S.W., very squally.—Came
down from the River and remains the Syren, Taylor, for Ply-
mouth. Arrived the Standard, Lotherington, for Jamaica ;
and a fleet of Colliers from the North, for different ports to the
Westward, and remain with the outward-bound as before, de-
tained by the strong S.W. winds.
PORTSMOUTH, JULY 31.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Vig-
ilant French. brig from the Coast of Africa, detained by his Ma-
jesty'S ship Iphigenia for slavery, and sent to England ; also
his Majesty's ship Shamrock, from a cruize. Sailed Johannah,
Abeg, for Bremen.
PLYMOUTH, JULY 30.—Wind W.N.W.—Arrived the
Harriet, Webber, from Quebec. Sailed the Asp, Wind, New
Zealand. _ _ _ _

FALMOUTH, JULY 30.—Sailed his Majesty's ship Owen
Glendower, for Madeira; Fame, Burnett, New Brunswick.
RAMSGATE, JULY 31.—The brig Christian, from New-
castle for Caen, was run foul of while riding in the Gules this
morning, by the schooner Dublin Castle Packet, by which the
former lost her bowsprit and fore-mast, and is proceeding for
this harbour.
