BRISTOL, FEB. 16.

(YROM A UORRESPONDENT.
The Magistrates of Bristol are to-day in a state of the
greatest alarm. They are panic struck, and are rendered
as inc.ipable of performing duty on horseback, as they
were during the eventful three days of October last.
A most gratifying communication has been received to-
day from Lord Melbourne, informing us that Government
have at length determined on instituting an inquiry into
the conduct of the Magistrates of this city on the 29th,
30th, and 31st of last October. The most complete joy is
evident throughout the city, and the anxiety and agitation
which prevailed here for these several days past, especially
since the Magistrates promulgated the provisions of their
precious Bill, have been quite allayed by the welcome in-
telligence of to-day.

The letter of the Houle Secretary was addressed to Mr.
Bailie, one of the City Members, who his been very ac-
tive and very useful as a medium of communication be-
tween the inhabitants and the Ministry. Mr. Bailie lost
no time in forwarding news which he felt would be so
welcome, and immediately on the rec.,ipt of the letters to-
day by the Committee of Inquiry, they were conspicu-
ously posted in the Commercial-rooms, and were read
with the greatest avidity during the whole of the morn-
ing. It would be very unjust to omit to notice the inde-
fatigable exertions which have been made by the Commit-
tee of Inquiry, and the thanks which are deservedly due
to them.

The following is a copy of Lord Melbourne's letter :
" Horne-office, Feb. 14,, 1832.

" SIR,-In consequence of the persons' enquiries which
you made of me yesterday, I take the earliest opportunity
of acquainting you that I have directed a letter to be
written to the Mayor of Bristol, informing the Mayor that
proceedings will be instituted for the purpose of enquiring,
in a Court of Justice, into the conduct of the Magistrates
on the 29th, 30th, and 31st of last October, and
" I have the honour to remain, Sir,
" Your most obedient and faithful ,ervant,
"Jas. E. Baillie, Esq., M.P. " MEL BOURNE."
The above was forwarded by Mr. Bailie to the Com-
mittee of Inquiry, in a letter addressed to the Solicitors of
the Committee, of which the following is a copy :

" Seamore•place, Fel). 15, 1832.

" DEA R. Sr as,—l have just received your letter of yester-
day, and I now beg leave to send you inclosed Lord Mel-
bourne's reply to my last application. I have to request that
you will immediately Ity this communicition before the
Committee of Inquiry, with my best respect, and I
remain, " Dear Sirs, your most obedient servant,

"JAS. E. BAILIE."
" W. B. Cross, Esq ,Fran. Jarman, Esq., Bristol."
The question now debated by the inhabitants is relative
to the kind of proceeding, and especially where the in-
quiry sh.ll take place. The opinion is, that for conve-
nience sake, as well as to avoid a very heavy expence, some
arrangement should be made to take the evidence of the
numerous witnesses on the spot.

THE REGISTRATION OF THE TES

POUND OCCUPIERS.

The Reform Bill, it is notorious, amends the consti-
tuency by two processes, enfranchisement and disfran-
chisement. Its most extensive operation, in the former of
these departments, is to confer the elective franchise in
boroughs on all rated occupiers " of the clear yearly value
of 101."

Upon this clause, as it is expressed in the Bill, an oc-
cupier whose premises are rated in the poor assessment at
51. annual value, or any sum under 101., may contend
that the actual value is 101. ; for rent is no certain teat of
value; and, where the occupier is also the owner, no rent
is paid, and opinion is the only criterion.
The occupation of premises of 10/. annual value, under
certain circumstances, formerly conferred a parocb,alsettle-
inent ; but the absence of something to fix so fluctuating
and uncertain a thing as "annual value " occasioned, in the
first instance, a flood or litigation, arid, in the end, called
into activity all the tinkering, patching, and soldering
qualities for which au unreformed Parliament has alike
created no infrequent occasion, and evinced no little talent.
The tide of Quarter Sessioas controversy did not tbb until,
/iy Statute 59 Geo. 111. c. 50, rent was made the 'ma-
st', e of the value; and, even then, the troublesome spirit
was not laid till by 6th Geo. IV. c. 57, proof of actual
value was altogether, and expressly, superseded. Questions
still occisionally occur at Quarter Sessions respecting the
value of tenements rented before the foregoing Acts of
Parliament came into operation; and experience proves
that it is easy to find, on such occasions, seven valuers to
swear one way—seven to swear another—seven Justices
to affirm the value to be above 101., and seven others to
affirm it to be under.

The great enfranchising clause in the Reform Bill, like
the branch of settlement law referred to before it was
amended, adopts " actual value" without any criterion to
ascertain what that is, save the mere estimate or
opinion which persons may entertain and testify on
the subject. The avenue to litigation respecting- the
right to be admitted on the registry, is wider than
that which existed under the unarnended poor law, and
the decision is left to arbitrary speculation, and to be de-
termined by fraud, and doubtful and expensive controversy.
This evil, uninflamed, is not a slight one; but the under
current of electioneering .xcitement—the exercise of un-
due influence, and the pettyfogging practices of profes-
sional mischief-makers, are likely to augment the ill effects
to an intolerable amount ; and, until obviated, to render the
infant working of the Reform Bill oppressive, unpopular,
and vexatious.

Mr. Granville Vernon, a staunch supporter of the prin-
ciples of the Bill, sought to correct the foregoing incon-
venience in the first instance, instead of allowing it to re-
main till its pressure should provoke complaint and after-
remedy, by proposing by way of amendment the adoption
of a test to value, which would furnish a registry of votes
impervious to litigation, fraud, and undue influence, viz.,
that of the poor assessments in parishes, and of the county
rate in extra-parochial places.
It is notorious that such assessments are frequently not
at rack-rent, but sometimes at only half, or even below
one-third of rack-rent; at the first view of the proposi-
tion, therefore, it bears the aspect of the design of an in-
vidious enemy to heighten, by a plausible contrivance, the
standard of the 101. qualification; but the amendment
contemplated this state of things, and provided, " That
where the rate for the time being shall have been assessed
upon any given fr fictional proportion of the full value,
the calculation shall be formed upon the full value;
the rate being adjusted thereto for the purpose of esti-
mating the right of voting only ;" and, indeed, another
modification in the amendment extended the right, and
facilitated the title, to vote of electors of this class.

So important a feature in the proceedings of the Com-
mittee should not be passed over in unobserved silence ; the
character and numbers of the minority evince the impres-
sion made on the House by the suggestion, and it is diffi-
cult to account for the majority against it, save by sup-
posing that Sir Charles Wetherell maliciously inflicted his
' advocacy on the additional clause, or that Members (the
Government especially) were willing that real and obvious
improvements should be left for the discovering of the
Lords—to the enhancement of their character, credit, and
great laud—and, perhaps, to furnish them a plea for pass-
ing a Bill, when "so substantially different" from the
measure rejected last Session.
The public must watch when the proposed amendment
is re-introduced into the Peers (probably by some enemy
to the principle of the Bill), that Mr. Vernon's careful
proviso against prejudicing a single occupier of 101. actual
value, be cautiously retained. The 101. enfranchisement
clause is one pillar of the Bill, and all human sagacity
should be exerted in its perfection.

A celebrated pleader once affirmed that there
never were three words put together in any language that
would not admit of three different interpretations!
REPRESENTATION OF CHELTENHAM AND
STaOun.—The sugggestion of the correspondent in your
hat, of making a district round Cheltenham and Winch.
comb, is open to the same objections as now apply to the
description of Stroud in the schedule. The extension of
the circle round Stroud and Minchinhampton is most ob-
jectionable, because it will comprehend a very large pro-
portion of rural population, and have the effect of render-
ing the upper intended division of the county a complete
nominee representation, which will fall under the influence
of the Duke of BEAUFORT, so long as he bolos the
Lieutenancy of the county, and in all future times under
the divided influence of two or three noble landed pro-
prietors; in fact, there will form a treble division of the
county. It is generally believed that the House of Lords
will cut off the votes of freeholders, in electoral districts,
for counties. It appears to us that Ministers would have
acted inure in accordance with the principles of the Bill,
in giving the second Member to Cheltenham—looking at
its size, population, and taxes, than in extending the dis-
trict round the united boroughs of Stroud and Minchin-
hampton. The Bill, indeed, is bought with a price ; for
it it takes away fifty-six rotten boroughs, it makes
boroughs of counties. A statement has gone abroad that
the Ministers refused the application of Sir WILLIAM
Guise, for the enfranchisement of Stroud, in the first
place; and granted it subsequently at the request of
Mr. ESTCOURT, wbo was actuated by the Blue party.-1
Cheltenham Chronicle Correspondent.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(nom the Messager des Chambres of Tuesday.)

PARIS, FEB. 13.—We think it is without reason
that it is said our troops would be in danger in Italy,
on account of their small number, in case (which
we think very improbable) that the affairs of Italy
should end in a war with Austria.
With the fortress and port of Ancona no unfore-
seen check is to be feared, and we have a port for
reinforcements from sea. It is also to be observed,
that the maritime positions of Modon and Nayarit),
almost at the entrance of the Adriatic, are already
occupied by our troops, and are a natural support to
Ancona. We may add that in an extraordinary
case, a squadron, with troops on board may be
always sent from Toulon to the west coast of the
Roman States, and that this passage may be effected
in a few days.
The report and the debate on the law of Divorce
are to take place on Thursday next, in the Chamber
of Peers. There is every reason to believe that the
debate will be warm. We hear of a speech pre-
pared by au influential Peer, which is said to be di-
rectly opposite to the vote of the Chamber of
Deputies.

(From the Constitutionnel of Tuesday.)

BOI.OGNA, FEB. B.—From a letter a report is
spread that the Austrians will soon depart. They
say, on their side, that the Papal troops will shortly
return to Ferrara and the March of Ancona. It is
absolutely impossible for the soldiers of the Pope to
remain among us if the Austrians leave us. The
hatred borne them by the people is such, that they
would be all massacred. The departments of the
Administration are not re-organised, and we cannot
see to what kind of Government we shall be -übjecr ;
for if the Pope does not listen to the demands of the
citizens—if he does not grant the Reforms which he
has promised—the Austrians cannot withdraw
without things returning to the same state as before
the second invasion. All the arms are concealed ;
the reiterated proclamations, and the threats of
Cardinal Albani for the disarming of the people,
have produced no effect.

PARIS, FEB. 13.—Accounts from Posen say, that
the Emperx of Russia has notified to all the Powers,
that he will not admit of any intervention on their
part in the measures which he may think fit to adopt
with respect to Poland.
It is announced, that 8,000 Austrians, arid 1000
Bavarians, are expected to reinforce the garrison of
Mayence, which at present consists of 18,000 men,
chiefly quartered on the citizens.
(From Le Temps.)

PArtts, JAN. 13.-Disagreeable accounts have
been received of the situation of the departments of
the west of France. The Government begins to be
uneasy at them. It is to be observed, that when-
ever the party of the dethroned family shows itself
in the capital, there is a kind of counter-stroke,
which is felt in La Vendee. We do not fear Car-
!ism in the present state of society; so long as it
attempts to act by the aid of civil war, it will be
stifled by popular antipathy. We fear it more as a
skilful party, taking advantage of the faults and
weaknesses of the Government and of the disaffec-
tion of the citizens. This party is not now to be
feared, but in the sequel it will rally all the discon-
tented, and it is impossible for a Government not
to make many such.
FRENCH FONDS.-PARIS, FEB. 14.-Fire per Cents., 96f. 83c.
90c. 85c. 80c. 75c. 80c. 75c. 80c. 90c. 96f. 85c. 80c. 75c. 70c. 85c.
80c. 85c. 80c. 85c. ; Four per Cents., 81f. 25c. ; Three per Cents.,
66r. 20c. 15c. 20c. 13c. 25c. 30c. 30c. ; Bank Stock, 1,62 ;
Rente de Naples, 77f. 25c. ; Heide d'Espagne, 10 ; Royal Spanish
Loan, 757 i 4 ; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne,W,', 53 53,,f, ;
llaytian Loan, 21511 210 f. Exchange on London, one month,
paper, 25f. 45c. ; money, 2511 45c. ; three months, paper, 25f.
25c. ; money, •23f. 25c..-Cours Authentique.
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, FEB. 1.5.-Five per Cents., 96f. 90c.
85c. 80c. 85c. 80c. 85c. 80c, 85c. 90c. 96f. 95c. 90c. 95c. 971196 f. 95c.;
Four per Cents., 81f. '25c.; Three per Cents., 66f. 35c. 45c. 50c.
45c. 50c. 60c. 65c. 60c 70c. ; Bank Stock, 1,62011 Rentede Naples,
77f. 50c. 60c. 55c. 70f. 90c. 78f.; Royal Spanish Loan, 76; Rente
l'erpetuelled'Espagne, 5.5% 53 53%. Exchange on London, one
month, paper, 25f. 45c.; money, ,2511 45c. ; three months, paper,
25f. 25c. ; money, 25f. 25c.-fours Authentique.

T tiE LATE MURDERED GENERAL

TORRIJOS.

At the present moment, when such sympathy is felt by
the British nation for the virtuous, devoted, and broken-
hearted widow of this martyr in the cause of liberty, a
short sketch of his life may, perhaps, not be uninteresting.
The late Spanish Constitutional General Don Joseph
Maria de Torrijos was a descendant of the ancient family
of Borjas. In his youth be was page of honour to Charles
IV., and though under 16 years of age, was appointed
as captain in the infantry regiment of Ultonia, forming
part of the Irish Brigade. At the commencement of the
war of independence, in 1808, he was promoted to the
rank of Major, and although so young a man, in conse-
quence of his distinguished skill and bravery, he was en-
trusted with several difficult services, which he performed
with great energy. At nineteen, he was Lieutenant-
Colonel, and appointed to command the advanced division
of the army of Catalonia, in pref rence to many other
officers. In 1812 he was made Colonel of Doyle's Fusi-
leer Regiment, and formed part of the garrison of Badajos ;
in 1813 his regiment joined the fourth army, and was
incorporated with the British corps under Lord Hill. At
the battle of Vittorit, Torrijos commanded the second bri-
gade of infantry, was recommended by the Commander.
in-chief his Grace the Duke of Wellington to the Spanish
Government, and promoted to the rank of Major-General,
in which he distinguished himself at the battles of the
Pyrenees, and throughout the French campaign. The
known liberal sentiments of Torrijos, and his services in
the cause of freedom, occasioned his imprisonment in the
dungeon of the Inquisition in 1817, where he remained
for three years a solitary captive, until he was rescued by
the brave patriotic chief General Mina. In 1820 he par-
ticipated in the triumph of the patriots, and held a variety
of important commands. He was sent into Catalonia to
put down the insurrection, which he accomplished with a
division of Mina's army, and very shortly after invested
with the command of the province of Murcia, where he
defended the Constitutional cause to the last extremity,
when, through treachery, in 1823, he was driven to make
an honourable capitulation to the French troops. These
terms were broken by the tyrannical Government of Fer-
dinand, and the breach of faith most shamefully connived
at by the French Bourbon Minister of Louis XVIII.
Abhorring slavery, and the despotic persecutions the Con-
stitutionalists were everywhere subjected to, Torrijos emi-
grated from Spain. His only desire being for the man-
cip ition of his country, he employed his efforts to over-
throw the despotic and hateful rule of Ferdinand. in
1830 he succeeded in organising in England a small ex-
pedition, when the French Revolution of July broke out
in Paris, which caused the greatest hopes in the breasts:of
all the Spanish patriots, that they would see a similar
change take place in their own country ; a plan was formed
by Torrijos, and a few of his brave companions in misfortune,
to disembark on the coast of Andalusia, and declare the Con-
stitution, whilst the patriotic Mina, with the other Spanish
refugees, would make an invasion on the side of the Pyre-
nees. No one can be ignorant of the conduct of the Go-
vernment of Louis Philippe towards these unfortunate
Constitutionalists. Mina, with his well-known bravery,
crossed the Pyrenees, and hisvaliant band, determined to COR
quer or die in the noble cause of liberty; but in consequence
of the persecutions of the French Government, on whose
succour they, like the brave Poles, relied, the patriots in
the interior of Spain were not aware that he would be
able to effect a collision, as the French Ministry had done
all it could to thwart their glorious enterprise. The
result of the Bayonne invasion is well known ; disaffection
reigned amongst those who ought to have been true to
their post. Vildez, whose ambition led him astray, was
one who contributed in a great measure to the failure of
tbis attempt. Notwithstanding all these impediments,
Torrijos succeeded in reaching Gibraltar, where the late
Deputy_Governor, General Don, influenced by the Spa-
nish Government, had him and his companions escorted
to Algiers, on board an English vessel of war. He re-
turned again to the inhospitable rock, when, through the
most perfidious treachery, he was led to believe that the
garrison of Malaga was ready to proclaim the Constitu-
tion. Giving way to his feelings for the deliverance of
his country from the despotic sway of Ferdinand, he sailed
from Gibraltar, where the spies of the Nero of Spain were
watching his movements. As soon as he got out of the
bay two Guardas Costas boats (revenue cutters) boarded,
and he and his brave companions were obliged to land.
He defended himself to the last, but overwhelmed by
the forces of the despotic tyrant they were obliged to sur-
render, and he and his 53 companions became the victims
of the merciless revenge of Ferdinand and his higotted
priesthood.
On Sunday, the 11th December, a day above all others
unknown in the history of Spain for executions—without
trial, without a court-martial, 54 brave men have been I
butchered, because they advocated the cause of freedom— I

amongst them an Irishman (Boyd), whose hloo/ le-
mains to be avenged.

The Petticoat-maker to the Virgin Mary, and his b 2.—
loved nephew the hlood-thirsty tyrant Don Miguel, will
soon have to make their confession, for their end is near
approaching.

The faithful and devoted widow of poor Torrijos is now
in Pins; she feels the sympathy that the British nation
evinces towards the heart-broken wife of one who has been
sacrificed to the despotic revenge of a most unmer-
ciful tyrant. It is to be hoped that Englishmen will ever
prove themselves the friends of virtue and liberty.
