DECLINE OF THE HERRING TRADE TO TIIE
"EST INDIES.—The change of the political condition of
the coloured population of Jamaica, has, it appears, pro-
duced a change in their mode of living. Scotch pickled
herrings, which, in their state of slavery, formed so large
an item in their bill of fare, seem now to he in a great
measure rejected by them. The quantity of ben ings sent
out this year to Jamaica has been very small indeod, com-
pared with former years; and even this has not gone
through the usual channds—but through speculators, who,
it is said, will lose considerably, although the price they paid
for the fish was not high—about 21s. the bra-rel, at London.
It therefore appears that this market, to which so large
proportion of the Shetland cured herrings used to be ex-
ported, is no longer to be depended on.—The Orkney and
Shetland Journal.
TIIE GENERAL PENNY POST —The very mag-
nitude of the boon leads a number of people to imagine
that it cannot be realized. .‘ What !" they exclaim,
" shall we really have our London letters at a penny
instead of a shilling ; when we would be so glad of a re-
duction of one-half, are we really to get a reduction of
eleven-twelfths ?" And then like thethe child
littledogthtahtat
hasis
offered too large a piece of meat, or
the whole sugar basic presented to him when he only
t
wished or expected one little lump, they turn away in
the full belief that the proposal is sheer mockery
it is utterly impossible that the Post Office can derive
a revenue from carrying letters at a penny each ! To
bring such persons to contemplate Mr. Hill's plan with
a little more complacency, we shall take the liberty of
directing their attention to one fact. The Society for
the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge make a profit by the
publication of the Penny Magazine, and yet it is de-
livered free of expense at the doors of persons in all
parts of the Kingdom. Now, if a publication carrvity,
on a very small business compared with the business of
the Post Office, is able, not merely, to Send regularly
eight large pages of paper from London to the houses of
subscribers at the greatest distance for a penny,
but, besides, to supply the paper—pay
oforfi t
to e t
himself
l eas t
and p
literaryro profit
and t
oatrit,ies tbicoaolksskill—amid
throughh whose bands theav apr
Magazine passes, why may not the "oat Office, which
will neither have to supply the paper nor literary and
artistical skill, be able to forward letters to every door
in the kingdom at a penny each, and have a profit too ?
On the quantity of business that must be done by the
Post Office, the difference of expense between a slow
and a quick rate of conveyance will ha very little ; and,
at all events, not equal to a twentieth part of the expense
of getting up the Magazine.—Edinburgh ObYerver.
