WEST SURREY.

This (Thursday) was the day appointed for the
declaration of the Members elected for the repre-
sentation of this division, which accordingly took
place in the Town-hall at Guilford, at 12 o'clock
this morning.
The HIGH SHERIFF (Miles Stringer, Esq.) de-
clared that Mr. Denison and Mr. Leech were duly
elected to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the
western division of the county of Surrey.
Mr. DENISON came forward amidst tremendous
cheering, which continued for some time. He had
the honour of appearing before them returned for the
sixth time their representative, and for the third
time, after three contests, at the head of the poll.
This was an honour that might make the humblest
and the lowest proud.—(Cheers.) During the 14
years that he had represented them he had never
given a vote in Parliament or uttered a sentence
which he did not think directed to the good of the
county, and the benefit of the country at large.—
(Cheers.) During those 14 years he had never
asked a single farthing for himself or any of his fa-
mily.--(Cheers.) His principles were well known.
He could only say that he continued, and would
ever continue, to adhere to them.—(Cheers.) He
blamed no one, and he hoped that no one would
blame him for continuing to follow those Whig
principles he had adopted. He returned them his
most sincere thanks for the manner in which this
election had been conducted ; they had fought with
the spirit of men, but they had never used any but
the language of gentlemen. He had already
given his opinion on the Corn Bill, and he thought
that the best way to relieve the farmer from the
present load of taxation under which he groaned
was by an entire repeal of the assessed taxes. The
deficit must be made up by economy, and by a
graduated property tax.--(Loud cheers.) There
were two topics on which he wished to say a few
words, having omitted to do so when he was last
addressing them. They were essentially important
topics—namely, the East India Company's Charter
and the monetary system called the Bank question.
With regard to the East India Company, he would
like to see the trade to India thrown open to Bri-
tish skill, to British capital, and to British enter-
prise.—(Cheers.) The trade to India would fur-
nish a great field for skill, enterprise, and industry.
With regard to the Government of India he would
not like to have such enormous patronage placed
in the hands of any Minister whatever, be he Lord
Grey or who he might; he thought it best to have
it diffused throughout the country without any Go-
vernment interference. With regard to that most
important measure the Bank question he would
state his opinion in a few words :—He was averse
to an issue of paper not founded on specie, and he
had witnessed the bad effects of inundating the
country with notes. Nothing produced such mischief
and confusion in the country as when a local bank
fails, ruining the tradesman and depriving the farmer
of the means of paying his rent. The first great
vote he ever gave in the House of Commons was
when Mr. Pitt, in 1797, brought in his measure
respecting the Bank, when lie opposed it, convinced
that, if a Corporation had the power of abuse, they
would be tempted to use it. When, in 1819, Mr.
Peel brought in his Bill, he (Mr. Denison) foretold
the consequences that would arise from it. They
had borrowed in one coin, and endeavoured to pay
back in another. Lord Radnor, then in the House
of Commons, Mr. Ellis, the Member for Coventry,
and himself, warned the country against the Bill,
but both sides of the House were against them.
They tried divisions on the provisions of the Bill,
but, with twenty to two hundred, it was vain to
contend, and they gave it up. No circulating me-
dium could be good that was not founded on gold
or silver. He considered that the power of is-
suing paper ought not to be given to arty Cor-
poration, to any man, or set of men, unless
they were prepared to make a deposit—to
give a solid security, for the notes issued.
He had been in the custom, whilst their representa-
tive, not to write to them an account of what took
place in the House, but to register his votes on all
questions, in order that, when they met, he might
call their attention to them.—(Cheers.) He had
but a short register for the last Parliament—the
Parliament itself was a short one; but he found his
name on all the divisions of the Reform Bill, which
was the chief objet of the Session. There were
two occasions on which his name did not appear.
The first was upon that most important motion of
Lord Ebrington, when the crisis of the country was
at hand, and her fate trembled in the balance. He
was then confined to his bed, and could not pos-
sibly a•tend, for which he felt extremely sorry.—
(Cheers.) The second was the division upon the
grant of 14,0001. a year to the Lord Chancellor,
upon which he did not vote, from a dislike to op-
pose Ministers in their then embarrassed situation.
He thought 14,000/. too much for any public offi-
cer; and, though no one could respect the talents
of Lord Brougham more than he did, yet he
thought, with his Peerage and the patronage at-
tached to his office, 14,000/. was too much. He
thought 10,000/. quite sufficient. He would draw
the attention of the Reformed House of Commons
to the unfair mode of rating houses, by which the
palaces of the wealthy paid as little as the habita-
tions of mediocrity. The next Session of Parlia-
ment would introduce great amendments into the
financial, legal, diplomatic, ecclesiastical, and colonial
system, or he should be greatly disappointed.—
(Cheers.) He would not vote for any measure that
he believed would injure the humblest person, or
that would infringe on the rights of the Noble-
man.—(Cheering.)
Mr. LiEcu came forward, and was received with
great applause. He felt that he had neither the
power of mind nor body requisite for their repre-
sentative, but he could, at least, assure them that
no power on earth would ever induce him to give a
vote or an opinion contrary to his conscience.—
(Cheers.) As a farmer, he should be extremely
to
sorry to see the corn laws abolished, till such of
their burdens were taken off as would enable them
tobetaken offt, cope with foreigners. Let 25 millions of taxes
tilla then.—(Cheers.)
ndthen
they
might
Theimpotr
tithe
bfoeresiygen
corn, but t
.
tem was an odious and horrible tax on the farmer;
horrible, inasmuch as it cramped all the industry of
the country. No mode of payment could be
more injurious to religion than tithes. The clergy
had a legal right to tithes, and might insist on
5
their rin•hts,.
bUILit sowed dissenstonebetween the

farmer and the clergyman, and was destruc-
tive of religion and morality.—(Loud cheers.)
Church property was most unjustly a and un-
equally divided, and the poorer sort of the clergy
ought to have sufficient to enable them to live re-
spectably. Another great improvement in Church
Reform would be the equalization of the Sees of
the Bishops ; at present they were all looking to be
translated, and must necessarily be the slaves of the
Minister, or any other person to whom they looked
up. This was natural; any man would do so; it
was the system that was to be blamed. The Bishops
had interfered with the House of Commons, and
had thrown out the Reform Bill : he thought that
would justify the House of Commons in interfering
with the Bench of Bishops.—(Cheers.) The only
way in which the country could be really benefited
would be by abolishing all useless places and pen-
sions.—(Cheers.) The expense of the establish-
ment ought to be reduced, and he hoped it would
be reduced to a proper peace allowance when the
war with Holland was over, which he hoped would
be soon.—(Cheers.) The Crown lands of Eng-
land ought also to be sold for the benefit of the
people—(Cheers)—they would pay off a consider-
able part of the national debt—(Cheers)—whereas
at present they were thrown away on persons and
purposes of no possible advantage to the public.
The Reformed Parliament would have much to do,
but they would have the assistance, the encourage-
ment, and the grateful thanks, of the people.
Sir HENRY SMITH and Mr. COBBETT congratu-
lated the electors, at some length, on the Members
they had chosen, and, after a vote of thanks to the
High Sheriff for his impartial conduct throughout
the election, the meeting was dissolved.

WEST SUFFOLK.
(Abridged from the Suffolk Herald.)
Tuesday being the day fixed for the nomination
of the candidates, there was an early influx of yeo-
manry into the town. Between 9 and 10 o'clock
Mr. Tyrell and Sir Hyde Parker, having been re-
ceived by their friends at the end of Southgate-
street, those of the former wearing white and green
favours, and the latter orange, many having them
likewise intermixed, and bearing colours with
" Parker, the Friend of the People," " Liberty of
the Press," &c , proceeded to a temporary hustings
erected on the Angel-hill.
Mr. HENRY WILSON, of Stowlangtoft, proposed
Charles Tyrtll, Esq., and Mr. C. J. F. BUNBURY
seconded him.

The Earl of EUSTON proposed Sir Hyde Parker
and Mr. MOSELY seconded him.

Colonel RUSHBROOKE proposed Harry Spencer
Waddington, Esq., as a fit and proper person to re-
present this division of the county in Parliament.—
(Loud applause.)
PHILIP BENNET, jun., Esq., seconded him.

Mr. WADDINGTO;; was greeted most enthusiasti-
cally by his friends. He looked upon Suffolk as
essentially an agricultural county ; and, if they did
him the honour to return him to Parliament,
to the maintenance of that interest should his
best exertions and abilities be directed. Unless agri-
culture flourished, it was in vain to hope that trade,
or any other branch of the community, could
flourish.—(Tremendous cheers.) Give them a free
trade in corn, and the plough might be locked up,
for the farmer would be unable to pay his taxes.
He entered the field with the most sanguine expec-
tations of success.—(Cheers.) During his canvass
his sentiments had been asked on the subject of
tithes ; he was a friend to the Establishment, but,
if any fair and equitable commutation could be
adopted, ho should be found ready to support it.
But, as nothing had yet been proposed, he was
unable to pledge himself upon the subject. He wa%
the friend of economy and retrenchment—an end
which was not much likely to be promoted by the
unjust and unpopular war in which they were en-
gaged. He was afraid it would create plenty of
taxes, for the army and navy must be paid.
The SHERIFF asked if they had any other candi-
date to propose, or whether any other person wished
to address them ?
Some voices called out from the crowd, " Mr.
Eagle ;" upon which Mr. EAGLE stepped forward,
and addressed the meeting at considerable length.
Dr. EBDEN, of Haughley, afterwards addressed
the meeting ; and also Mr. ANDREWS.
The SHERIFF now called for a show of hands for
the candidates, which he declared to be in favour of
Mr. Tyrell and Sir Hyde Parker.
Colonel RUSHBROOKE immediately demanded a
poll on behalf of Mr. Waddington..
Mr. TYRELL, before the High Sheriff dissolved
the meeting, begged to be permitted to move a vote
of thanks to that gentleman, for his strictly impartial
conduct.

The HIGH SHERIFF returned thanks, and imme
diately adjourned the meeting till Friday, at 9 o'clock,

NORTH CHESHIRE.

(Extract from the speech of Mr. Stanley at the no.
mination on Monday last.)
_ _

Much nonsense has been talked about the Reform
Bill being a final measure ; it was final as a means,
but not as an end. We value it as a means to ob-
tain a gond and efficient Government, to obtain for
us a responsible Parliament, and to secure to the
people a better management of their affairs. If that
Reform Bill gives us this, what more can we expect?
and believing from my heart it will be the means
of obtaining for us all these improvements, I should
not desire any alteration in it ; it will be time enough
to take that into consideration when it has been
seen by the country to have failed in its effect.
The seconder of Mr. Egerton, in some of his ob-
servations, told you he thought that Reform had
gone too far, and seemed to look upon it as some
great calamity; how you and the people of England
look upon it, is another thing, and you may readily
conceive the love that he and such as he, bear that
great charter of our liberties, from the pleasure
with which they seem to contemplate its provisions.
He wants a sound constitutional Member; so do I;
I agree with him ; but, perhaps, we may put a dif-
ferent interpretation upon what a eound constitu-
tional Member means, and perhaps you may too.
I take a sound and constitutional Member to be one
who will give effect to the Reform Bill, the great
charter of your liberties, which is now the law of
your land, and which is now your Constitution.—
(Cheers.) A constitutional Member does not mean
the friend and supporter of rotten boroughs, but a
free Parliament and open election.—(Cheers.)
Gentlemen, I have said enough on this point. At
the same time, I think it is as improper and as un-
fitting that you should ask, as that a candidate
should give, any fettered pledges as to the course
he should take upon any particular measure. I
have the more satisfaction in saying this, because,
from the experience I have had throughout the
whole of my canvass, I have found that the na-
tural good sense of the people has repudiated
pledges. They have neither asked, sought, not
demanded pledges from me.—(Hear.) My friends,
pledges are not good things to be given ;
they are unnecessary with the honest—they are
useless with the dishonest. The system of giving
proxies in the Lords is as mischievous and as absurd
as the pleiging system in the House of Commons.
I know many of you may forestall me in what I am
about to say—l allude to the ballot. Many of you
know that you cannot exercise your own free judg-
ments—that you cannot give your votes as you
should wish, and that that franchise which is given
to you as a trust for the benefit of the country is at•
tempted to be extorted from you for the benefit of

our landlord. Oentlerprn, 1 did tr gothl
]se of those pos es log ii.Poehce (th'c tourity ~
would have enabled une to oppose ciiHea,la.
dislike the ballot. 1 object to ir,
it, to a certain extent, degrading; laitt,LiftkliTtrV;,:
must vote according to his conscience, atlttisn6s7rfr
pense of his worldly interest, I must, though re- t""
luctantly, consent to support it. What right has
any man to dictate to another how he shall vote %
He is responsible to his God and to his conscience
alone for the trust which has been committed to hint
for the benefit of his country, and lie does a great
wrong who dares to attempt to control and iti-
fluence any voter.—(Cl eers.) Unfortunately,
believe I am speaking with reason. I hive heard
of an instance that may be authenticated, !vhit h
has occurred riot a thousand miles from h outs-
ford. I will not point out the man moil I have
better ascertained the complete accuracy of the
facts, which, however, I have every reason
to believe. In this case, an honest conscientious
mart, a farmer, wished to give a vote to a candidate
whom his landlord was opposed to; the steward
came and told him he must not do ilia., he must
vote for the other ; the farmer said, what must I do ?
must incur the guilt of voting against my con-
science or be turned off my farm and be persecuted
by my landlord.—(Cheers and hisses.) I must
speak to my landlord himself. To him he says, I
cannot vote for the candidate you wish me to sup-
port. Ido not care; you must vote for him, is
the cool reply, or take the consequences. He
comes back with tears in hiS eyes arid says, I cannot
vote as my conscience tells me I ought —I am a
-lave and no free agent.—(Cries of " Shame.") It
is such instances as these that make us advocate the
ballot, but I trust public opinion is still sufficient to
stamp these proceedings with that feeling of indig-
nation and execration which every honest man must
feel at such unworthy conduct, and that it will not
be found necessary to resort to the ballot. But if
it is not, I must then advocate it, to enable
us to have the means of exercising our votes
freely, independently, and consistently.—(Checrs.)

MANCHESTER, Dix.. 19.
The nomination of the candidates for the repre-
sentation of the southern division of this county iii
Parliament, which took place yesterday at the town
of Newton, has tended in no slight degree to en-
hance that excitement which naturally remains from
the complete success of the liberal party in the
return they had so triumphantly made of the mem-
bers for this borough, and the more particularly as
the proceedings at Newton yesterday of the Con-
servative party, headed by William Milton, Esq.,
of " Peterloo," and " Lord-Althorp-correspon-
dence" notoriety, in persisting nolens volens in the
nomination of Sir Thomas Hesketh as a candidate,
in opposition to Lord Viscount Molyneux and G.
W. Wood, Esq., were of a character which, though
temporarily it might have its effect, will, from the
prevailing feeling in this important town and neigh-
bourhood, in the result of the contest, Lind its true

In the course of this morning it had been an-
nounced that Lord Viscount Molyneux would in
the course of the day address the freeholders of the
southern division of the county resident in this
town and its neighbouring districts in the Exchange:
dining-room, and shortly before the hour named in
the public placard the great room was filled by a
most numerous and highly respectable body of free-
holders. At about one o'clock Lord Molyneux, at-
tended by a most influential and respectable cortege
of friends, entered the room amidst the most en-
thusiastic and long-continued cheers.
ROBERT J. J. NORREYS, Esq., of Davy Hulme•
hall, introduced Lord Molyneux to the attention of
the electors as a candidate for their suffrages.
Lord MOLYNEVI presented himself amidst the
most enthusiastic cheers, and proceeded at some
length to recapitulate bis sentiments and opinions
upon all the public topics at present engaging the
consideration of the nation, commencing with that
of Reform in the Church establishment of the
country—a measure the most interesting at present -
to the nation at large. With respect to the Church,
he was one who wished to see it elevated on its own
merits, and not that it should be made the stepping-
stone of ambition, nor made, throughtit, all
arena for speculation.—(Cheers.) He hesitated not
to profess himself the champion of its glories, and
he was not prepared to say that the revenues of the
Church were too large until he knew and had
looked into them ; but he was fully prepared to say
that the distribution of the revenues of the Chinch
was, as at present made, most improper—and,
further, he would say that the manner in which
those revenues were collected was highly injurious
to the community. He, therefore, hesitated not to
give his opinion that tithes tended much to clog
the industry of the people, and required a total
revision and alteration.—(Loud cheers.) Ott
colonial slavery, he would say that his prime object
was the emancipation of the negro population ;
and, whether compensation to the planters was to
be the concomitant or the cause, he looked alone to
the complete emancipation of the slaves themselves.
—(Loud cheers.) His Lordship then declared him-
self to be a friend to the free-trade system. He
should ever protect the manufacturing interests;
to economy and retrenchment he was a friend, in the
strictest sense—and he was equally an enemy to all
unearned pensions and sinecures. He was a Con-
servative, for he wished to renovate the Constitution,
and by so doing to preserve it.—(Cheers.)
THOMAS HARBOTTLE, Esq., a merchant it.—(Cheers.)
town, said, some time since a deputation had been
formed from that town to call upon the Earl of Sef-
ton (the father of the present candidate, Lord Moly-
neux), to offer himself for this division of the
county. Of that deputation he (Mr. Harbottic)
had the honour to form one, and the deputation
having waited on the Noble Earl, also attended Earl
Grey, with whom a conversation ensued to the fol-
lowing effect :—Earl Grey inquired from the depu- ,
tation their opinions to Lord Molyneux, and was re. t
plied to that his Lordship was comparatiz_lyiuti-
known in Manchester. Earl Grey answered, that
though Lord Molytieux was stilt an untried man,
yet, added the Noble Premier, "I have opinion of
his talents and energy, and I am quite sure that if
Lord Molyneux should be chosen your representa-
tive, he will make a most efficient Member indeed."
—(Loud and long continued cheers.) Mr. Harbottle
concluded by saying that it was notorious in Liver-
pool that the freeholders of that division of the
county were indebted for the opposition of Sir
Thomas 'Hesketh simply to the fact that Lord
Molyneux had declared himself a friend to the .
emancipation of negro slavery. His Lordship and
his friends then withdrew.

EAST SUSSBX.
(Abridged from the Brighton Gazettc.)
Early
rmorning the town was enli=
ven
Curteis's band, drawn through the
streets in a van decorated with evergreens and
Tuesday lbyy on
mr. T.es
light blue ribands and banners.
A little before 10 o'clock Mr. Curteis came on
the hustings, and was received with much applause.
The next candidate that came on the hustings
was Mr. Darby, whose arrival drew forth less de-
cided expressions of feeling.
Mr. Cavendish's procession came next, anti far
eclipsed in splendour the others: his colour was
pink.

'l'he substitute of the High Sheriff then op, tied
the Court in the usual form.

T. R. KEMP, E5q7,1‘,71.P., advanced and proposed
Mr. Curteis.
Mr. HERCULES SHARPE seconded the nomination.
Mr. THOMAS (of Batton), proposed and Sir C.
BLUNT, Bart, M.P., seconded, the nomination of the
Non. C. C. Cavendish.

Mr. JOHN WOODWARD, of or near Uckfield, then
came forward to put in nomination D. Darby, E,q.
Captain SHIFFNER seconded the nomination.
Mr. CURTEIS, after some prefatory rernarlf,;,
begged to refer, though he could scarcely trust him
:elf on the subject, to the 1
ex_raori-__nary oppr,rti4,n.
used against him. M. Darby and l,iy i"""IY% ""
Coming into that county, some 10 or 1-..? years Otit,

bad been received and treated with every kindness
by his (Mr. Curteis':) father and family; his bro-
ther had married his (Mr. Curteis's) sister.—
Mr: Darby himself was his friend—one of his most
intimate acquaintances—and yet the first intimation
which he received of his intention to oppose him
was by a printed handbill. Mr. Darby was a Tory
—he (Mr. Curteis) was a V/big. Mr. Darby was
an Anti-Reformer; he (MrCurteis) was a Reformer.
Mr. Darby was opposed to the present Govern-
ment; he (Mr. Curteis) was a supporter of that
Oovernment. Mr. Darby was an Anti-Liberal; he
(Mr. Curteis) was a Liberal. He (Mr. Curteis)
name forward because the great measure of Re-
form had been obtained, and he defied them to
say that in obtaining that Reform he (Mr. Cur-
teis) had not done his duty.—(Loud cheering.)
Mr. Darby would persuade them that the Reform
Bill would work prejudicially to the agricultural in-
terest. He (Mr. Curteis) said it would not ; and
be contended there was a much greater proportion
of the landed interest on the side of, than opposed
to, the Bill. The Tories, by the course they were
pursuing, were fast driving the country to adopt
the vote by ballot. He would be understood on
this point—he would not be pledged to vote for or
against that measure; but if it were adopted, he
should stand stronger than he then did. He con-
tended that he was a greater friend to the Church
than his opponent; for to correct its abuses was the
best way to support that establishment. He would
support the abolition of slavery, and it was his wish
to abolish flogging in the army, at least in Great
Britian, during peace. The abolition of flogging in
the navy was attended with greater difficulties, but
if it could not be abolished, he would support a
better mode of manning the navy by the abolition
of impressment--(Great applause)—and by increas-
ing the seaman's bounty.—(Applause.) He would
even vote for an increase of taxes, rather than those
objects should not be accomplished.—(Cheers.)
He would also vote for shortening the duration of
Parliament—(Applause)—if that measure was sup-
ported by the country, or brought forward by Go-
vernment.—(Loud applause.)
Mr. CAVENDISH thanked the gentleman who had
put him in nomination, and trusted that if elected,
he should act up to the character they had given
him. His principles were liberal—they were the
principles of his family for many years past, and he
would follow their example.—(Applause.)
Mr. DARBY said his policy would be to support
the agricultural interest. With regard to free trade,
that was a subject in which they were all interested.
When corn was high, poor-rates were low ; and
when corn was low, poor-rates were high.—(No,
no.) He (Mr. Darby) claimed the support of the
electors, on the ground that he was determined to
give every assistance in his power to the agricultural
interests.

Mr. BLACKMAN briefly addressed the electors
and Mr. Mabbott then took the show of hands
The majority was greatly in favour of Mr. Caven-
dish and Mr. Curteis, on which Mr. Cripps de-
manded a poll on behalf of Mr. Darby, and the Court
adjourned till Friday.
