to colleges, but assigned to the great corporations them- '
selves ? Meritorious men might then bt selected from
the whole body of each University to fill the vacant
churches at an earlier period than livings are usually
attained through fellowships. The habits of public
and ecclesiastical life would thus be formed by the in-
cumbents through the best teacher—usage. This sub-
ject requires the deepest consideration of that branch
of the Legislature which is now decidedly the more
respectable, and which is always on such a subject the
most competent—the House of Peers.—Tiines.
That the present is an age of discovery no one will
attempt to deny ; and that effects are now traced to
causes which were never thought to operate to that
effect before. As we are extremely anxious to make
our pages a means of disseminating grand discoveries
in science and in political economy, we are now about
to promulgate to the world, in the latter branch of
knowledge, one of the most recent. It is lying before
us at this moment, in a pamphlet addressed to Lord
John Russell. And what do our readers imagine the

discovery to be ? " The probable increase of rura
crime in consequence of the introduction of the new
Poor-law and railroad systems ! " Who is the genius
to whom the world is indebted for this discovery—who
is he that has found out that emancipating the labour-
ing classes from the horrors of pauperism by the new
Poor Law Amendment Act, the means by which that
emancipation is effecting, and that the railroads, the
cause of present, and, in all probability, of continued
employment, to the industrious labouring classes, are
the source of the " probable increase of rural crime ?
Verily, we should say some snake in the grass, some
" poor man's friend," some correspondent of the Times
journal, who regrets the bright prospects which open
up to the labouring population, and who would wil-
lingly lend his aid to rivet the chains of their slavery
and degradation, and would rejoice to have recourse to
the• scale system once more, by which the labourer
should be paid, as he has been for forty years, not ac-
cording to the value of the work performed, but ac-
cording to the number of his family ? But who is the
mighty genius who makes the discovery ? Is he some
disappointed candidate for office, neglected alike by
Whig and Tory Cabinets ? Fie upon them both, to
let a genius of such a calibre-be passed by. The first
page of our author lets us a little into the secret of the
origin of his present lucubrations I
"My Lord,—l observe in the Times journal of this date,
that a Commission has been appointed to inquire into the
best means of establishing a paid constabulary force in the
counties of England and Wales, and of preventing rural
crime by such agency.
" In the spring of 1828, I published some practical sug-
gestions for the improvement of the police ; they contained
the groundwork of that reform which was subsequently ef-
fected under the auspices of Sir Robert Peel, and they first
proposed the yet more important measure of consolidating
the criminal jurisdiction of the metropolitan and surrounding
counties.'

There, Sir Robert Peel—there, my Lord Brougham,
—both of you hide your diminished heads—you have
stolen Mr. George Stephen's ideas in two great enact-
ments of a Metropolitan Police, and a Central Crimi-
nal Court ! there is a quietus for both of you ! But
as for Sir Robert in particular, hear Mr. George
Stephen, page 19—" There is some show of egotism
in thus reverting to a by-gone claim for the credit of
the first reform. Sir Robert Peel may, for aught I
know, have derived his hints elsewhere ; possibly from
the gels d armerie of France, though there is little
real similarity between that force and our own." Do
not mind the egotism, Mr. George Stephens. " Thou
art the man ;" and if there be any doubt as to your
authorship of those important improvements of our
local government, console yourself with this last effort
of your genius, where you shine in original lustre,
with none to contend the authorship with you. You,
indeed, alone have made the grand discovery, that in-
crease of employment with increase of remuneration will
be the cause of " a probable increase of rural crime."
Our author calls Lord John Russell's attention " more
in detail, to the effect which some of these cir-
cumstances will probably have in increasing the cri-
minal business of the country ;" and he begins with
the new Poor Law thus :—" It is scarcely possible
that a change of such a gigantic and severe character
(though I am, and always have been, one of those
tuho considered much qf the severity necessary) should
not produce great excitement in the minds of the la-
bouring class." No doubt Mr. Stephen entertains
this opinion ; but whether he labours to produce that
great excitement in the minds of the labouring class or
not, our readers shall have an opportunity of judging.
How very cautiously this great friend of the new
Poor Law sgstenz proceeds will be apparent. "Up
to the present moment that excitement has not betrayed
itself in any general ebullition of feeling." What,
then, all the ravings of Mr. George Stephen's worthy
allies, the Times, the Herald, the Dispatch, have
as yet been of none effect ? We thank our author for
this candid admission of the impotency of their fiend-lilse
ravings. Mr. G. Stephen proceeds, "But I think Ihavc
observed in those parts of the country with which I am
personally acquainted, that this acquiescence is a sullen,
and even despairing submission, not a cheerful subor-
dination that promises tranquillity." Our readers will
at once perceive the extreme caution of our author; he
only " thinks he has observed this sullen and despairing
submission." He proceeds, " whether this be so or
not, one thing is clear ; that if, in the majority of cases
we are so fortunate as to find that the loss of his wonted
resources has driven the idle man into exertion, and
that the fruits of labour have encouraged him to as-
sume habits of industry "—(with all the author's inge-
nuity, this great truth as to the real object of the
Poor Law Bill oozes out, but only as an hypothesis,
it would not suit his purpose to declare the fact)—
" there will still (he says) be very many instances in
which idleness and vice have become too deeply rooted
in the pauper to allow of his steady, persevering re-
form, and such men will assuredly, after the first fit
of energy is over, or on the loss of profitable
employment, seek subsistence by robbery or fraud."
The beneficial progress of the pauper to indepen-
dence through the operation of the Poor Law Amend-
ment Act, is thus distorted, quite in the style of Mr.
Stephen's active coadjutors, the Times, Herald, and
Dispatch. " When the labourer is first discharged
from the parochial books he will look out for work,
for a time he will find it on the rail-road or canal ;
when winter comes the work is partially interrupted,
and, if the season is severe, altogether suspended."
Now mark the cloven foot, " the labourer is dismissed,
perhaps many miles from his parish, and the only
prospect for his
.family, for two or three months to
come, is destitution. What remains for him but
plunder ? There is no law for a starving man—there
is no tie of conscience or principle binding on a fa-
mished wretch who hears a wife and children clamorous
for food." The readers of the Morning Advertiser
will at once perceive the malignant distortion of the
facts connected with the New Poor Law Bill, which is
thus so insidiously intended for the labourer's eye in
these words of Mr. George Stephen, "the only prospect
for hisfamilyfor two or three months to come is destitu-
tion." Are these wilful perversions of the Poor Law
Amendment Act published for any other conceivable
purpose than with a view to get up " that excitement"
which the allies of this poor fellow in all their ravings in
the Times, the Herald, and the Dispatch, have, up to the
present moment, failed to accomplish ? Mr. Stephen
subsequently says, " I am not attempting to explain
the causes of increase of crime ; indeed, I am inclined
to doubt whether during the last year or two provincial
crime has been on the increase." What, Mr, George
Stephen, " are you inclined to doubt whether during
the last year or two provincial crime has been on the
increase ?" How comes it, then, that in the following
page you state, " that you have been endeavouring to
show that a predisposition to crime will be created by
the new order of things in our agricultural districts."
Let ourauthorsn speak for himself on another im-
portant I next allude to the incendiary
bi e
o t now.
spirit ; I trust it has diminished ; few fires have lately
been mentioned in the public paperai-and so far as one
can collect the facts from such autrhcoriztsyt,thceeys
of
do not
appear to have been attended by circumstances
ag-
gravation." We should imagine that our readers would
not have been prepared, even by our previous extracts,
for such an evident palliation of one of the worst crimes
which disgrace our country, originating in the most
brutal ignorance, and with the most impotent attempt at
injury to the farmer, who by insurance covers himself
from the loss of property : and the injury which the
midnight incendiary Inflicts by his atrocious crime, is

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1836.

tern of education commenced under such auspices, a
system directly opposed to the principles of the Pro-
testant reformation, and, consequently, unfit for the
youth of this Protestant realm ? At the same Liver-
pool meeting, the Rev. Hugh M'Neile said " the
oath of the Roman Catholic Clergy binds them to the
creed of Pope Pius IV. ; Pious IV. binds them to the
Trent, Trent binds them to Lateran, and Lateran binds
them to the extermination of heretics." Need we
wonder, seeing that such are the present received te-
nets of the Romish Clergy—and they boast that their
Church is unchanged and unchangeable—need we
wonder at the systematic persecution of the Protestant
Clergy of Ireland " by blockade and starvation," as the
first fruits of the Bill of Catholic Emancipation? 'We
cannot.—Morning Herald.

only felt by the agricultural population, who are there-
by deprived of a great amount of labour, and conse-
quently of a large amount of wages, while the farmer
pockets the full value of his coon without the expendi-
ture of labour in thrashing and carrying it to market.
But to find that any person could deliberately set him-
self down to record his opinion, that such a crime, in-
volving the destruction of the precious fruits of the
earth, given by an all-bountiful Providence for the
sustentation of man, could be perpetrated without being
" attended by circumstances of aggravation," is to us
a matter of the utmost indignation ; but let Mr. Ste-
phens proceed—" But the mere display of such a
spirit, foreign as it is to the character of our coun-
trymen, is alarming. It shows that there exists a
sullen, though at present repressed temper which re-
quires but little further provocation to lead on to
crime; I have even found in some instances a sym-
pathy expressed by men above the labouring popu-
lation, well calculated to encourage the incendiary. On
one occasion a farmer was extenuating an offender's
guilt, on the ground of distress. I urged the com-
mon-place reply, that Parliament was a tribunal to
which such sufferers should appeal. But how are
they to get heard, Sir ? As others do, by petition.
Petition ! who will write it for them ? And who will
read it when written, or trouble their heads about it
No, no, Sir, you may depend upon it there is no peti-
tion like a blazing rick ; it is read by all the country for
ten miles round !! !" Our readers will perceive that
this anecdote is merely one which the writer has heard,
and deems it right to publish. We cannot on this
occasion devote more space to the further consideration
of this subject. At a future opportunity we shall lay
before our readers another class of oppositionists to
the New Poor Law Amendment Act, who are actively
engaged in their opposition to this great measure of
relief to the industry of the country., But we cannot
let the opportunity pass of congratulating the labouring
population on the good sense which they are displaying
throughout the country, in not yielding themselves a
prey to such fanatics as they who, for party political
purposes, are daily in the Times and Herald endea-
vouring, vainly, according to the acknowledgment of
one of their tools, to produce an excitement among the
industrious poor.—Morning Advertiser.
Some of the evening papers contained last night a
long address from M. Mendizabal, abrogating the
powers given to M. Durou for the settlement of the
November dividend, and offering humbug Treasury
bonds in lieu of the bills on Cuba. We presume that
next week another proposition will come from Madrid,
superseding the present arrangement ; and it is possi-
ble that the successor of Mendizabal, who is soon to
disappear, will take the liberty to set aside both modes
of settlement, and establish a project of his own.
Really it is not fit that the Committee of the Stock
Exchange should allow these matters to pass over with-
out expressing a decided opinion upon them. The
payment of dividends by notes of hand at twelve
months' date is no payment at all, and the
stock on which it is offered should be
put into the same category with that of those
insolvent States that are at present excluded from
the market. Can anything be so disreputable as the
conduct of Mendizabal and his agent, M. Durou, in
tins late proceeding ? Let us put their characters in
contrast with Messrs. Ricardo and Ardouin's. Would
the latter have lent the sanction of their names to the
former offers, unless they had sufficient authority to do
so ? Is it the practice of the London and Paris
bankers to play this fast and loose game in their pe-
cuniary transactions ? Assuredly not. Both these
respectable houses came forward, as agents for the
loan, to tender the only payment offered for the divi-
dend, on instructions received from Madrid ; and
a gross calumny it is on them to say that they, or
M. Durou, with whom they acted, were not autho-
rised. What cool insolence does not every line of M.
Mendizabal's letter betray ! He dips his hand into
every pocket with the most practised effrontery, and
talks of honour and honesty with all the fluency of a
town swindler when called on for a character at the 01d
Bailey. He has robbed every man in Spain whom he
could lay hold of in the shape of forced contributions,
or dispensation from the Quinta. He has lately
plundered the Churches, carrying off all the plate with
sacrilegious hands ; and he only waits for one more
pull from English purses before he closes his accounts,
and abandons a post which lie entered upon with no
other motive than that of repairing his broken for-
tunes. Happily the eyes of the people whom he and
his party have so long deluded are now opened to the
perfidy of his nature, and the wickedness of their plans.
The world is tired of these brokers in revolutions and
their cut-throat followers. Public opinion is decidedly
set in against them, and notices like that now under
consideration have lost all their virtue, and are of no
use beyond the giving a temporary gleam of satisfaction
to persons already compromised.—Morning Post.
At the meeting of the Protestant Association lately
formed in Liverpool to maintain the Protestant and
Christian principles of the free circulation of the
Scriptures in opposition to the principle of excluding
them from uublic education, as attempted to be en-
forced by the Municipal body of that town, the Rev.
Mortimer O'Sullivan made a charge against the most
Rev. Dr. Murray, titular Archbishop of Dublin, which,
if not satisfactorily answered by that Roman Catholic
Prelate, must consign him for ever to the uneviablc re-
putation which an accomplished disciple of Loyola
deserves. The charge to prevent the possibility of
mistake we will state in the Rev. Gentleman's own
words. Mr. O'Sullivan says, " Dr. Murray was asked
before a Committee of the House of Commons in the
year 1825, on the 17th of May, Do the priests take an
oath similar to this ? (the oath taken by Roman Catholic
Bishops). He answered no ; they take no oath but the
oath of allegiance to his Majesty—they make a promise
of obedience at the time of their ordination—that is
all. This answer of the witness " (Mr. O'Sullivan
continued) " may be divided, as logicians say, into two
propositions—one affirming that the priests of the
Church of Rome in Ireland take the oath of allegiance
to his Majesty, the other that they take no other oath.
The answer, it is plain, conveys intelligence to the
effect that the priests, as priests, swear allegiance
to the Throne, and that they swear as priests,
no other. In both parts it is false. Students in May-
nooth, at their entrance into the seminary, are required
to take an oath of allegiance. No such oath is required
at any other Roman Catholic College, and no such
oath is required at ordination. It is false then to say
that the priests take it. Here Dr. Doyle, who was
upon his oath, appears to have given testimony, the
very opposite of Dr. Murray. Dr. Doyle when exa-
mined before the Lords' Committee, March 21, 1825,
said that unless a person succeeded to some property,
or was appointed to some office, requiring the oath
to be taken, he did not take the oath of allegiance.
I turn to the second part of the answer. The
priests in Ireland take no other oath. Is this the
truth ? No. I cannot cite the testimony of Dr. Doyle
to prove its falsehood, but am not without evidence
strong as the case requires. The Appendix to the
report of the Lords Committee on Ireland in 1825,
May 27 (at p. 913), recites the form of the oath taken
by priests on being collated to parishes." Mr. O'Sul-
livan then read the oath, in which the priest swears
to render true obedience to the Pope of Rome, suc-
cessor of the blessed Peter, &c., and to receive and
profess all other things defined, delivered, and decreed
by the sacred Canons and the oecumenical Councils,
and especially the holy Council of Trent ; also to re-
ject, condemn, and anathematize all things contrary,
and all heretics condemned by the Church ; alleging,
moreover, that this is the true Catholic faith, without
which no man can be saved. Having read the oath,
Mr. O'Sullivan added, " Such is the oath which Dr.
Murray solemnly denied on his examination before a
Parliamentary Committee. I charge him with the de-
nial. It was necessary that I should call his especial
attention to the charge, and I did so. He has not
ventured to deny the justice of the accusation. He has
not thought it advisable to attempt any excuse for his
false disclaimer, yet he expresses anger at being
charged with disingenuous artifices ; and he remains—
may God pardon the nation which commits the enor-
mity—he remains patron of the system of national
education in Ireland." We ask the Protestant people
of England whether the British Government has not
incurred a most awful responsibility that selects as pa-
tron of a system of national education any person hold-
ing the Anti-Protestant and Anti-Scriptural tenets
contained in the above-mentioned oath ? Is not a sys-

ORIGIN OF DISEASE.—I tell you honestly what I
think is the cause of the complicated maladies of the human
race : it is their gormandising, and stuffing, and stimulating
those organs (the digestive) to excess ; thereby producing
nervous disorder and irritation. 'The state of their minds
is another grand cause—the fidgeting and discontenting of
yourself about that which can't be helped ; passions of all
kinds, malignant passions, and worldly cares pressing upon
the mind, disturb the cerebral action, and do a great deal

of harm.—Abernethy.
The Princess Amelia of Saxony has written several
dramatic pieces for the German stage, and many of them
have been played with great success. The last, which is
called The Irresolute, was brought out at Dresden a few
days ago. This literary Princess is now preparing an edi-
tion of all her works for publication.
The vintage is just over in Austria. There are no
complaints of the quality of the wine, for the warm days of
October had matured the fruit, but the quantity is so small
from the unfortunate prevalence of chilling winds at the
season when the vine is flowering, that it is calculated the
produce will be little more than one eighth of a good yin-
tage.—Frankfort Paper.
We understand that Mr. Southey, the celebrated
poet, is expected at Bremhill on Saturday next, to spend a
few days with his friend and brother poet, the Rev. W. L.

Bowles.—Devixes Gazette.
The heavy fall of snow did not reach so far west as
Exeter, and even the Mendip hills were scarcely capped

with it.
The feeling in the market yesterday, we believe, was
rather better than on the previous Tuesday, particularly as
regards yarns, which, although certainly not high in price,
were somewhat better to sell. This remark, however, ap-
plies chiefly to mule yarns ; throstle twist was dull. Print-
ing cloth remains depressed ; the demand, partly owing to
the season, and partly to the very diminished purchases for
the American market being at present much reduced.
However, there certainly was a better tone observable, and
more confidence expressed on 'Change.—Manchester

Guardian.
Yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, one o
Warburton's Paddingtom omnibuses was driving at a rapid
rate along Holborn, being at the time full of passengers,
when on its arrival near the end of Hatton-garden, it ever-
turned with an alarming crash. The coachman and con-
ductor leaped from their scats and escaped unhurt. A
great crowd of persons assisted in getting the passengers
out, and we understand that none of them were injured,
although much affrighted by the suddenness and shock of
the accident.
" Piazzi" is a word which it is difficult to translate
into English, and the difficulty is greater in consequence of
its having been corrupted to mean " colonnade." " Piazzi"
in Italian comes nearest to " Square" in English ; but the
Piazzi de Spagna at Rome is triangular, the Piazzi di San
Pietro is elliptical, and many piazze in Rome are of any
shape, or of no shape. In Norwich, and perhaps a few
other old English towns, wherever there is an open space
surrounded by houses, it is called " A Plain ;" thus St.
Mary's Plain, the Theatre Plain, &c. ; and the word Plain,
used in this sense, exactly answers to the Italian Piazzi.—
Old Monthly Magazine.
AN AERONAUT OF THE LAST CENTURY.—
Fifty-three years ago the Channel was crossed in a balloon,
with this difference in the undertaking, that the " aero-
nauts" chose Dover for their starting point. M. Blanshard
came to London at the time, constructed a balloon, had it
conveyed to Dover, and having undertakingjoined in the a
physician, Dr. Jeffries, by the first fair wind he ascended,
and in the course of an hour and a half he alighted at
Guignes in France. From thence the intrepid travellers
took a post-chaise and four to Paris, and arrived at the
grand opera in the midst of all the beau monde assembled
at a favourite performance. At their entrance the whole
audience rose ; the ladies waved their white handkerchiefs,
the gentlemen applauded with enthusiasm, whilst cries of
" Vive Ins brave Anglais" resounded through the theatre.
M. de C--, then Controlleur-General of the Finances
and favourite Minister, unfortunately took it into his head
that France would be disgraced if a Frenchman was not
found to return the compliment, and fly through the air to
England in a French balloon. A. reward of 620,000 f. was
consequently offered by the King of France for any subject
who would undertake the eniprize. M. Pilate du Rozier
was the only person who would venture upon it. He was
a most amiable and distinguished person, and particularly
renowned for his acquirements in chemistry and natural
philosophy. Pilate du Rozier set immediately about con-
structing a balloon. When finished it remained at Bou-
logne for six months close to the high road, exposed to the
warring elements, without the wind proving favourable for
a single day. The impatient Minister, who suspected poor
M. Pilate of deceit, sent him orders to go up from whatever
point of the compass the wind blew. The ill-starred philo-
sopher, accompanied by a friend, ascended in his balloon :
he was followed on horseback by all the Picards who could
muster steeds, their eyes fixed on the nearly invisible bal-
loon : they shortly saw a flame appear in its stead—then
two black points descended. These were Pilate du Rozier
and his companion, who were burnt and then crushed on the
earth. Near Marquis° is still shown the spot where the
disaster occurred. In the same way was killed a few years
back, Madame Blanshard, who, ascending in a balloon in
Paris, on a great gala day, let off some fire works, set fire
to her balloon, and in her descent from so great a height
accumulated such a momentum that she broke through the
roof a house, and fell, and died, to their horror and asto-
nishment, on the bed of two young " modestes," who little
expected such a visit from the Heavens.
On Wednesday last an inquest was held at the
Public-office, before Mr. J. J. Elandy, coroner for Reading,
and a respectable jury, on view of the body of Elizabeth
Dodge. The evidence adduced was as follows :—Mary
Dodge, sister of the deceased, stated that the age of the de-
ceased to be about 37 years, and that she had been living
with witness all her life. For several months past she had
been unwell, and for the last three weeks worse, as she
had appeared to be in a desponding state of mind, in wit-
ness's opinion from extreme debility. She was a dress-
maker, and for some time past had had but little or nothing
to do, which pressed heavily on her mind. She had but
little or no sleep for the last fortnight. She was more
restless on Friday and Saturday nights last. She slept
about an hour on Sunday night, and was something better
on Monday morning. She had no rest on Monday night,
and complained very much of a pain in her head and sto-
mach. Went up to the deceased several times on Tuesday
morning, and, on taking her up some tea, thought, on en-
tering the room, she was dead. Called Mrs. Neal, where
they both lodged, who went with witness to the head of the
bed. They found the deceased lying on her back, with a
stocking tied very tight round her neck. They both as-
sisted in loosing it, but the deceased had:ceased to breathe,
and there were. no signs of life in her. Immediately sent
for a medical gentleman, and Mr. Hopper attended and
used every means to restore animation, without effect. Mr.
Thomas Hopper deposed, that on Tuesday morning he was
called in to attend the deceased ; on examining the body,
which was quite warm, there were marks around her neck
of her having evidently died from the effects of strangula-
tion ; no appearance of any other kind of violence presented
itself ; considered it a duty to immediately use the means
commonly employed in such cases for restoring suspended
animation. In this was shortly afterwards assisted by Mr.
Edward May, surgeon, but the continued efforts of both,
for so long a time as in their judgment there remained any
chance, proved unsuccessful. Esther Neal, widow, stated
that the deceased and her sister were lodgers with her.
The deceased had been in a distressed state of mind for a
fortnight or three weeks past. She had several times
said she thought she should go out of her mind. She had
been in the habit of talking and making a great noise in the
night for several weeks past, and had had no rest. Witness
felt convinced that her mind was a great deal affected.
From Sunday morning to Monday evening she appeared
much more composed. On Monday evening she made
the same noises, and particularly before daylight on Tues-
day morning. Came down stairs about seven o'clock to
breakfast. Was not certain whether Mary Dodge came
down stairs before or after witness, but she proceeded to
get breakfast, and went up stairs several times. About
eight o'clock observed her go up and return immediately.
Went up stairs in consequence, and discovered that a
stocking had been tied round her neck. Assisted in loos-
ing the stocking. It was only passed through the tie once,
but drawn very tight. The air gurgled in the throat when
the stocking was untied. The body was quite warm.
Went for the deceased's brother, who went for Mr. Hopper.
He came within a quarter of an hour afterwards. The
jury returned a verdict of " Temporary insanity," and
stated to the Coroner that they could not separate without
expressing their unanimoas opinion that the deceased's
distress of mind was occasioned by extreme poverty, and
the want of the common necessaries of life--Berkshire
Chronicle.
