HOUSE 'IF LORDS, APRIL 2.

O❑ the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his seat,
The Bishop of HEREFORD presented two petitions,
one from the clergy and inhabitants of Hereford, and the
other from Buttington, in Montgomeryshire, praying for
the better observance of the Sabbath.

The Bishop of DURHAM presented petitions for the
better observance of the Sabbath, from Lldnidloes, and a
place in Northumberland.

Tne Earl of ROSEBERY presented petitions from
Fife, against church p ttronage in Scotland.
Lord CAWDOR presented a petition from Nairnshire to
the same effect.

The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions from
Rye and other places for the immediate abolition of slavery.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions, for the better
observance of the Sabbath, from Dorsetshi:.e, from Conor,
and several other places in Ireland. Also petitions
against the system of education in Ireland ; and petitions
praying the House to take into consideration the state of
the clergy i❑ Ireland.
The Earl of WICKLOW said that no measure for the
relief of the clergy had been brought forward, or any
allusion made to it, by any Member of his Majesty's
Government, though Parliament had now been assem-
bled for a considerable period. A Bill had been brought
forward for taxing the property of the clergy in
I. eland, whilst the means of obtaining their
incomes had been taken away, for the Bill passed for the
enforcement of the payment of tithes had already expired.
He trusted that it was the intention of Government to
bring forward a measure for their relief as soon es possible
after the recess.

Lord MELBOURNE said that the state of the clergy
of Ireland had not escaped the attention of Ministers, and
the introduction of measures upon the subject would not
be long delayed.
Lord AUCKLAND presented petitions praying for the
abolition of slavery.
Lord KING presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery, the abolition of taxes on knowledge, and for the
introduction of poor laws into Ireland, from parishes in
Sotnersetshire ; for the abolition of tithes, from Killaloe
and Killee, in Kerry. He would now take the opportu-
nity of saying a few words upon the subject of the
Welch church. He thought that the Riiv. Prelate,
(the Bishop of St. Asaph) who the last time he was
present in the House had made a statement totally un-
founded in truth, would, as soon as he had found out his
error, have taken an early opportunity of retracting that
statement. He stated that Christchurch College derived
4,0001. a year from a parish in Wales, and said that he
stated it upon the authority of a book published
by Mr. Johnnes.—(Hear, hear.) Now, in that book
there was no such statement, and the revenues of Christ
Church College derived from that parish were only 2,500/.
When the Rev. Prelate came down to destroy the charac-
ter of soy author, he ought to state the case truly, and not
state what was totally false.
The Bishop of St. ASAPH said that he regretted ex-
tremely that it was not in his power to have been in his
place I.st night, as he was very unwell. He regretted
also that their Lordships should be troubled upon so in-
significant a subject as himself, but thanked the Noble
Baron for the opportunity he had given him of answering
it, and of proving to their Lordships that the statement
he had made was not false The Noble Lord had endea-
voured to prove that he (the Rev. Prelate) must have
been well aware that there was a second edition of
that book, but in that be had totally failed,
for the fact was, he had not referred to the book at all,
hut made his statement from a letter he h 1d received from
a clergyman in his diocese. Then, with regard to the
petition which had been presented last night, it
very clearly came from the same hand as the for-
mer ; and he believed that he could state to the House the
reason of that Gentleman's hostility to Mtn. The fact
was he believed that the essay was very heavy of sale,
and was not likely to repay the money it had cost.
lie therefore took that course in order to give the
work notoriety, and so increase its sale. He would
mention only one other instance of the incorrectness of
the assertions put forth in the work. the revenues of
the bishoprics were estimated at 9,2761. He would
only say he would be very glad if that statement
were true. It was a gross misrepresentation, which
could be easily seen from the return he had made to the
ecclesiastical commissions.

The Bishop of St. ASAPH explained that, in the re-
marks he h made on a former occasion, he had nut al-
luded to a relative of the Noble Marquis in the other
House of Parliament.
IRISH DISTURBANCES BILL.

The Lord CHANCELLOR, the Alarquis ot LANSDOWNE,
and the Duke of RictimoND, sa• as Ctimmissioners to give
the Bop! Assent to the Irish Disturbances Bill and two
others.

Lord REDESDALE presented petitions against negro
slavtry, and fur the better obtervitnce of the Sabbath.
Lord LYNDHURST postponed the further comide-
ration of a Bill on the subject of the administration of
Justice.

Lord WYNFORD hoped it would be brought forward
the first day after the Easter recess.
Lord PLUNKET might then be obliged to be ab-
sent in Ireland—he had many objections to the Bill,
but as it did not affect that part of the kingdom, he
should not press for its immediate consideration, but
should content himself with.having done his duty in stating
his objections to it.
