. .
the Prince MIGUELTwhp had )iaal the temerity to
place under arrest Count PALMELLA, the Prime
Minister, without any other authority than hit
own sign-manual. For this proceeding he
was cited into the. KING'S presence, who,.
before all the Foreign Ambassadorsf whom
he had. collected in the audience chamber
to witness the proceeding, reprehended him in
the most forcible manner for his intemperate
conduct, and daring contempt of the Royal au-
The Pitt N-ct, it is said, was wholly.
overcome by the address of his father, and fell at
his feet, acknowledging his guilt, and soliciting
his pardon. The Km , however, gave orders
that both the Patrick and the QUEEN should
retire to one of the Royal Palaces, ten miles
,from Lisbon, in a species of honourable im-
prisonment ; and that _Count PALMELLA should
be immediately set at liberty. his MAJESTY
took the precaution,- it is said, before resort-
ing. to a measure which required in him a
most extraordinary exertion of firmness, to ap-
peal for support to -some of the principal of-
ficers of the army, who did not fail him i❑ the
difficult emergency in which he was plaeed.-1
The consequence of these events had been, the
plaCing Lord Batteseoan, by whose advice the
KING is supposed to have acted throughout the
whole proceeding, in a situation of high favour
and nscendancy in his councils, which was of
course accompanied by a correspondent de-
cline in the influence of the French Minister,
by whom the violent conduct of the QUEEN and
the Prince was believed to be secretly supported.
No interruption .to the public tranquillity took
place in consequence of the order for the re-
moval of the QUEEN and her son from Lisbon ;
indeed, the whole affair is understood to have
passed so quietly as to escape the notice of the
-great bulk of the population of the capital: The
next packet expected, which is the Sth hmer, and
which has probably beers kept out by contrary
winds, will no doubt bring more detailed accounts
of these proceedings. It is not very easy in
ordinary civil dispensations to calculate upon the
events of to-morrow from those of to-day ; and
in the case of such a state as Portugal, and with
such actors, .the powers of prediction are wholly
paralized. It may, however, be presumed for the
present, that the English party, in spite of the
intrigues of-the French Minister, has once more
gained the ascendency at the Court of Lisbon.

thoritv.

The French are so much in the habit of giving
the title of " My Lord" to every En Tishman,
that the letter from Paris yesterday, announcing
the passage of an Extraordinary Courier from
Madrid through Paris, with dispatches for the
English Government, conferred the dignity of
that title on Mr. ELLIOTT, who, instead of" Lord"
ELLIOTT, has arrived at the Foreign Office,
Downing-street, with the ultiwalum of the Spanish
Government o❑ the South American question, as
stated yesterday by our City Correspondent.

Our Contemporaries thought fit to ridicule the
intelligence given in a Second Edition of THE
SUN of Friday last, of the departure of the Ex-
Emperor ITURBIDU for. Mexico. No little dis-
may, however, has been produced amongst these
Gentlemen by the certainty of the fact having at
length been ascertained even to their own satis-
faction. It is true that the Ex-Emperor himself,
in a letter which we subjoin, asserts that
be goes out to support the cause of Inde-
pendence. It may be so ; but until his
actions, or some better evidence than his own
allegations, prove the contrary, we shall con-
tinue to rely on the accuracy of our own
information, which represents his expedition as
having been concerted with and sanctioned by
the Spanish Government. The very publication
of ITURDIDE'S letter is so suspicious a circum-
stance as to strengthen our belief that he has
really gone out in the character of a Spanish
Agent ; for it is scarcely to be supposed that
he would by a public annunciation apprize
the Cabinet of Madrid of his destination and
views, (if his views were indeed hostile to Spain),
and thus unnecessarily expose himself to the in-
creased risk of capture during his voyage. Pre-
viously to his departure from England, he fixed
six of his children, two boys and four girls, at
boarding schools in different parts of the country.
The following is the letter declaratory of his
ostensible views in re-visiting Mexico :

44 My dear Sir,—lt is probable, that as soon as my depar-
ture is known, different opinions may be expressed, and that
some of them may
be falsely coloured. I wish, therefore,
that von should know the truth in an authentic manner.
44 IV a misfortune that is much to be deplored, the principal
provinces of Mexico are at this moment disunited : all those of
Guatirnala, New Galicia, Oyaca, Yacatecas, Queretro, and
others, sufficiently attest this fact.
Such a state of things exposes the independence of the
country to extreme peril. Should she lose it, she must live for
ages to come in frightful slavery.
" My return has been solicited by different parts of the coun-
try, which consider me necessary to the establishment of un-
animity there, and to the consolidation of the Government. I
do not presume to form such an opinion of myself; but as I
am assured that it is in my power to contribute in a great degree
to the amalgamation of the separate interests of the provinces,
and to tranquillize in part those angry passions which are sure
