O.I.6a...CATiI.OOCis:.AGITATon

The flailowin,, OastgvAttbNj respecting, the
~ .
' CtiNDUCT of ~the IRISH CATHOLIC AourA•roas is
extracted from the Dublin Corrteponticia. :.'-..4
" We are glad to see that the eXamplii of the
Kilkenny-and Tipperary Roman Cellolio Resolu:,
tants, but the tourer more especia4, Itas not
been folloWed by any other. connty \illicit has yel
convened a meeting of its Roman Catholie poit=
lafion for the purpose of appealing to the Legig.;
lature. The wanton and wicked spirit of thost,
Resolutions, which attempts to rise ascendant to
all law and government, has bc.:n a light to open'
men's eyes to. the real. cltaraetcr of the inflartnn4-
` tory ildvostites' of Catholic 'Wane-ippon, and SO
demonstrate that they are not what they afla:cit
to be, the friends of the Catlinlics, hut holloW;
'elaniorons demagognes—the month-pieces of i
small, bat desperate faction, to whom allegiance
and restraint are slavery, and who would sacri-
fice country, honour,' and morality, to a popula-
rity through which it is hoped to gratify ambition
and interest, or indulge in personal malignity.
Nile are gratified to observe, that the Roman
Catholic community begin to look at these menus
we do, and that though they have not arrived at
fortitude enough to shake theth altogether out of
1 Any Ministry in Roman Catholic affairs, yet that
ttoty al.e. controuled in a manner tliat renders' them
,h;finitely less obnoxious to good sentiment, go6d
ull;e, and loyalty, than they have been. It is of
S o ufluch advautge to our common country—to
its repoee and happine, that persuasion should
ite resorted to, instead of merweeand turbulence-,
that ive delicevate the Stvaggerers-the llobadils,
'bat are 4214e.avonring to disunite the peOple of
Ire .hied, by tle force of blustering, denouncing,
_ •
tfollying..-rdha.r. are
-sedulously endeavouring
and.. .
Li n that 'bre-Ach, ivlich the political convey-
,
sion
of I er. namerrtary 'lieu, and the good sense
to %vote. n ~ ,
and
good fe, Aing of elle Frot6lant body at large,
w or ever, • -
had nearly dos" 4f
tent and the rational---the men
“ But the ham ! •
of property and etli4#4ltn" to whose guidance the
public at large of evc.4l.
' • to what
11:1ttr..21 committed, of
the Roman Catholics, o,l'° '"veX" into what 1
idi their cormerhs Ant.
pernicious and desperate hat.
eAI (and it l: Sur-
fallen--thvy .have distinguish .' . • N
. . liellSible to iC,/
prising how-long they appealed I. : 4 • il-
between the orator whose talent ant.
taste in pu
lie discussion*, lead him to think less 0..4 the ~,ate
el e. sub-
jects which he ought to advocate and en. . -
than of those which are .extraneous and it 'velt"

vent ; and they feel that the progress of the Ito-4
man Catholic cause is not to be advanced, or car-
ried sooner to its completion, by having the laws
opim which social order, and social security are
maintained, flouted, disregarded, and reviled, and
their ministers' insulted ; and by exhibiting the
Government, to which the public should , look
with a necessary 'reverence, and obey as an active
and essential part Of the Constitution, as corrupt
and abominable, unfit to be obeyed, a misfortune
rather than an advantage to the.comMunity; That
class of Roman
havesirothneCatholics which we have de-
scribed, appear ,to be aware of all this, and we
g grounds for thinking that such mea-
sures are on foot, and are powerfully supported,
as Will dissipate the spell-like power which 'had al-
mostlots
fascinated
he tr In ntelhe
orarfeeflwecautilnbg and the credo-
loos, orators anti
demagogues7-and which, if it had been suffered to
extend and seal* into asystem, would have brought
years of 'misfortene upon this country, so pecu-
liarly and unfortunately, from its frame of society,
subject to the projects and designs of all those,
who ,would be famous by being conspicrions in
their opposition to whatever is of real public ad-
vantage, however .ordained or constituted ; and
who have craft and depravity enough to attain the
eminence to which they aspire.
" gram any identity with the Roman Catholic
`Body, as it is distinguished or recommended by
talent or property, we wish to detach .such men us
these utterly, either in the view of the Protestant
people of Ireland,,or of the people of their own
communion, who arc most liable to be misled and,
'deluded. There' is no real connection :between
them, and a little time will show the feet. They
May, perhaps, receive some approbation or pane-
gyric in the county Roman Catholic meetings,
that are impending, .and have in some of those
'which are passed, but their degradation is certain;.
it is as 'infallible, as that reason and moderation
are superior to, and must triumph over, turbulent
folly and intemperance—it is as certain as. that
peace, unanimity, and cordial sentiment, are pre-
ferable to strife, divisions; and angry jealousy; or
that it 'is monstrous and extravagant to go to war
for that which may_ be more readily obtained by
negociation..
"'Whoever takes the Kilkenny Wsolittions in
one band? and the Addresses which are pouring in
tipdn the Duke of Richmond,-- front every quarter
of the kingdom--front the Grand Juries, "Ind
other associated bodies, in the Other,,will be able
,too appreciate the depth 'of' calumny and libel to
which the former have been carried. 11 there he
any valoeln 1.-" ate
charatter, which the powerful, the rich, and the
enlightened offer, the Duke of Richmond has a
supreme triumph' over. the falsehoods and scan-
dal which have been uttered upon his adrui.
nistration, and his name, by those whose dis-
praise or disapprobation have nut the force of
any .one of those qualifications. If it be of
advantage to be commended and approved of
by men Of. all political parties, the Duke of Rich-
mond also enjoys that satisfaction. It-is not ne-
cessary to advance, all that may be collected in
proof of this fact—it is enough toTefer to the'
Queen's County Grand Jury Resolutions, where,
among other names, that of Sir Henry Parnell ap-
pears—a steady'opponent in Parliament of the
' existing Ministry, and a decided advoCate' of the
claims of his Catholic countrymen."

,
Two extract.of a letter from a
tsfondent in
Gentleman in Jamaica, to his co Te
Belfast, dated S. Ann's Dily, IDth iv ay, says....
it fan the 4!tl of May last, there were twb comet,
made their tppettranee in the eastern hemisphere,
betweo eight and' nine at night. 'lite tail of one,
pointing N.N.E, perceptible to the naked eye ;
both are in the direction of front the city
of Kingstou.",,

nox ALN ICti
DETWEEN t.C;il).

'!t has been the Cit:ilOtti for A •fe‘V y,Mrs past to
aiailS/ • th* Met) of , with a tight on their
aiut ht this iPntancp. two woa, higher on
the list than spinally ei,bibit 'in this ere
pittil—llitrrialarnter, of the Bele; , School,
mid the prototype of the deevastd J. Berber, a
man of first rate science, and Ford, whose former
eiiihitions have ranked. him amongst the more
formidable on.the lift, and who %mites with science
a spirit of VUffia9iSill, courage; and bottairt, not
eitec! '
TLe aceldeina was in the' meadow of 4 Kentish
y!oilan, a mile to the,eastu'ard of St. Nieliolz!q,
fevir miles from 'Margate, contiguous to' rt spot
caliod Pun/pudding I lauel, mla'netir to where the
met) oi:Kent performed deeds of valour in days of
yore.—lgargate was head-quarteri; and the or-
rivals on Friday 'and Saturday were very mi-
inerous.
Generals Cribb and Gregson„ Joe Ward, Y.
Chalk, Tom Joties, and other offieet's of then/Wing
train, foreboded that the Entpenir of all, the flii/krs
was on his way to•join the bands.
The Emperor ruse at niidniglit on Saturday, tie:-
companied by his Aides-du-camp, and he travelled,
'With the utmost. celerity. lie got: into his car--
riage intiondon at two o'clock, and at four he
vas at Dartford ;' lie breakfasted with a Swell, and
arrived at Canterbury, 19 leagues; in eight hours,
where he dined, and his arrival at Alargate was
announced •soon in the afternoon, but the town
Wits not illuminated,/ nor did the Emperor appear-
at the Theatre in public. In the evening General
Cribb Was present at: the convocation of Aron-
tem* Millcrs„ and the Emperor made him Prince.
of Thistleton Gap and was pleased to load him
.

1,-vitli the ailditiinvtl honour. or being hit Lieu-

The Emperor has got somewhat lusty, but he
enjoys the best health, and the millers were tali-
*MlMl by his presence. The various grotesque
vehicles of Margate, drawn by donk ies, mules, and
• ponies, were in requisition early on Monday
morning, and the combatants having arrived on
the ground, the Emperor addressed theta—
. "'Phis (said he) is the sun which shone on the
former deeds of the brave Men .of Kent ; ye are
ail animated by the same valour. It is here we
are about to hand down to posterity -the vAlifur of
Jiritisli pugilists. It Will not rain till six o'clock :
the heat is the same here as at Margate.' Bear in
your minds the combats. Of Thistleton, Black-
livath, Wormwood Scriths, Cotnhe Wood; and
• Rickaumstvorth, where all covered themselves
with glory, :Although there were some complaints
• . •
ter, 'filmier, which oaten happen before 'leaving a
.
town.
Auticlve the OMB stripped for combat, and the
seconds •wore Joe Ward 'and Bristol Hall. for
Harmer, and Jon "sttnll LCtlrke fig Ford,'"
Betting current
his left and right, .
to 8 on' Harmer. •
Round l. Harmer ma. 444140' bY
but the right only W1(1414,11/.4', 121" rd h4vlng'lo"rded the kit,
and returned with about toe' came force, 'They
, closed, and
'lien to sto 4 rant slack, it he.
both were down. Betting got
,fit he ante to plant his fa,
ing evident that Harmer mink] -4 •
vourite hits on his antagonist's bead, be had formerly done •
with Maltby.
S. Both rallied, and some: determined took pl'ace„
rather in favour of Ford, who had avoided santBOntit's
right hand at coming -in. In a trial. of strength both DO •
tht
Ford had the best of the round, upon the whole, ,v 4 also
•
S. Harmer .zuade his right handed hit. on Ford's fore,iberfaz
which told severely; Ford, however, bored upon hint, to get
to in-fighting, and be succeeded in doing so after other blosvir,..
but he had the worst of the round, and was thrown.—Betting
as at the commencement.
4, Ford began tolhew bad training, He was open mouth-
ed, and sparring for wind. Hornier, however, Coal., tintuasily
get at him. A tremendous right-handed blow on Fm d's body
was placed, and it was returned smartly on Hartace's bead.—
Mutual advantages took ydace in the round, but
,Ford received.'
a heavy. to 1 on Harmer.
'5.- Another rally (allowed, commenced by Ford, who kept
hitting, regardless of his own person, and execution Was done
on both sides,. and Ford WWI thrown. At this time out arat'i'
*flea would have been acceptable to both, they having become
much fatigued.
G. Ford planted a gond body hit, and went down.
7. Hornier was stopped at going in to rally, awl Ford had
the best of bitting, but Harmer- got him to the ropes, with
his he:W.-under his left arm, and did much fibbing executioN
and Ford at last extricated himself by dropping through his
hands.
•

7-B.i'ord maintained this round with much bravery, but -be
afterwards gut to his staying system of fighting. Sumo bard
blows were exchanged on both sides, and Harmer injured his.
right-hand by a severe blow on Ford's eye, Much bravery
was displayed On both sides, but Ford ut length went down.
by exhaustion, after having been hit to the ropes, rhen a
trial of strength took place, uud Harmer appeared frerb. .He
exercised his trade of a coppersmith about the kidneys of
Ford, who supported himself by the ropes, held up by the
left-hand of Harmer: • . .

9, Ford summoned all efforts in this round, hut he had
received melt punishment in,the head and body, and liar-,
mer having got him down to the pitch where he could avail
himself of .superior science and strength, made considerable
progress to victory in every succeeding round. Fard went
down-without a blow, anti a mistalien-claroonr of foul was
raised, but one kg being something longer than the other,
the *lune accident always happens to Ford when retreating in
4 4114:041.4... - •

to. Harmer got his antagonist, against the. ropes, in a
situation where a hit um ,t bare ended the battle, but has,
ink so much of it, be walked off, and left him to go down of
bis own accord. This act of liravery and coolness was much
t pleaded
a•)l,Continued t'l' utter rouni,s, detaillberit
would be tat. repeat' that. Font httd no chance, and in the isth
tpun+ltut t.ecvivett a hit in the wind, which rendered ,him
vide feeble after; tie went down from in every
round, and received much additional punishment in pro.;
trading the ,ctintest.
In the last report of a victotygained by Harmer,-
it. was stated, that his fighting resembled that of
James Belcher, his cousin, more than any other
pugilist. Like him be has a happy knack of bob-
bing his head'on one side to avoid a blow, as ex-
emplified many times in this combat. ' Besides,
although more than Ford's weight, under twelve
stone, he has the gift of hitting 'as quick and a$
hard as any pugilist of the day, and his length
etnihied him to stand over his antagookt. '!'he
only plan Ford had: to follow VVas to get in' and
fight, and when he was enabled so to do, he had
the,best of it Ford is yet a dificult man to get ,ftt,
and his bravery and bottom are alike proverbial.
He h improved in fighting, but his eonditiou was
evjdently -bad in the third roam!, He snstabled
injury rn body hits. He was bled oil the
grOund• lie Combat lasted SZt ttlintttes, and Hee-
mau Wio; invested with the title of Prince 'of
Plumpudding Islatid, On which he gained this vke-
tory. ,The. winner Would receive 35 guineas..
GRE4SON'S MAN ANL) 301 WARD'S IRISHMAN,'
TwO candidates tor pugilistic fame, were usher-
ed into the ring by fho,,,,above distinction, to fight
for another subicription purse, Painter, Greg

1,5 a fine yoinuf b.ll(iwi of Piot;
than 1:1 sttn!, .1 ll7 Ward's ma.l, ,
Kiikeitriy;; teas coprvired ti,•,l
Ile i, nror:3 than sit! L..et, With S'4lll()tc
visai.t6 ivith i'riirvii:ol;:'l;!;_r; a Id,
Re:trances' ii.al;;;-..itted that I!t: ;;;.
beefs:i-elf ill,lO t
flesh of man.

,
Oregson; in this instance, became ‘,.second tci
Painter, lie having , liiten a better, 11;.,,t, with J.
•Clarlt, .ful his hottle-hnlder,' and Joe kVard an c 1
seconde:l 17,,0nv. To the of tin
,ting, who treated the tO fight
farcieit, a inOst courageous altil sat;i4,:l,lll'y
tie, was fought. The liihernian, vnou'i no inie
knew, displayedscienee which wilu.l.l i'lOt disgrace
a Crihh, :And his Kitt tit hitting was great.
ter, trllo had:evidently set-to before, by sonic •tops
tic 111:1,10, teat LTC f,-oui every organ of
the heati fro 0.1 the which
cold water, lie rettnti bled it Ken tidi -cherry, and
yet his stlti e, through
.the blood, complied with
the reverend icing of Pat,forined a strihing and lti-
tliciims contra :1. •

Dame Nature deserted
.11.1ony after fighting forty
minutes. 'Painti,r, ;liter he woi, NVils deelarrd
Leineashire man by tireg,,on., who, eiindous in
search of 'eluding fl good COuntrynian; hod
never before succeded.. He has but little know-4
ledge of fighting, but his blows on the thin carcase
of rat, at the latter end of the battle, were very
forcible On t:.:; body; and he displayed true. gain e,
and' t.ag much dis6gured. A handsome collection
took place for the vanquished.
After the sports of-thea/., a splendid cold ed-
.,
n given
ia latio %vven to the principal ainatenrs by Mr.
Who 'resides near tke spot, which re-
minded one of the old English hospitality for-
merly so much talked of, • •

Morgate never was kiniwn SO' hill by numbers,
even by the oldest inhahiLautS, as it was the few
last days.

THE POLICE:

HArroN-G4angtc..--lesterday, a man named
shopman to Mr. Powers, army musical in-
. ument maker,- in the Strand, was charged with
robbing lifilinister of several musical instruments
and books, which were found pledged with diffe-
rent pawnbrokers. The prisoner was identified by
,the' several pawnbrokers as pledging the pro-
perty.--The pUrtiCS were bound over to prose-
cute) and the prisoner-Committed.
Private Examination.—At two .o'clock, when
the principal part of the office business was gone
through, Mr. TuaToti, the Sitting Magistrate, ac-
companied by, Cohniel O'Kelly, withdrew up
stairs, for the purpose of holding a private exami-
nation with respect to the lateuturder of Edward
Clifford, when all 'strangers were excluded.—
Kitty Burke, •the Welt daughter of the supposed
Mrs. Clifford, Et .finelittle girl, abont twelve years
, of age, was the first person called up and examin-
ed : she gave lief eVidenee very clear in English
the second daughter, about "ten years of age, was
next examined ; she spoke in Irish, and had an
interpreter; her answers perfectly agreed with
those'of her sister, and both with the ,purport of
the letters received fromlreland, and to 'other
matters more immediately touching the night of
-the murder. Mr. lisoma.s Lyons, brother to Mrs.
Clifford, :vas asked a few ge,estions, but the most
material witnesses of all were %Juan of the name
of Thomas APCarthy, and a woman, of :the name
of Brown, whose evidence goes very-house but
it is the wish .bt. the Magistrate that, for the sake
ociustiec, it shall not at present be published..."
They were bound over to appear,. Mrs. lieary
,11'all the time in
.the lock-up-house, 'but was
not esiainiued,

Bow-sTanDr.---The third mate of a ship froth
fronm the East Indies was last night brought in
custody beforc Mr. READ, at thisoflice, by. earks,
one of the: officers, who apprehended him on a
warrant, wherein he stands charged on suspicion
of having been guilty of the wilful murder of a
Lascar, one of the crew of the slop, near Cal-
cutta, and was committed for further examina-
tion.

Gut LDHALL.-Ann Williams, so long in custody
on suspicion of Murdering ber infant child, was
discharged, in the absence of evidence to prove the
fact imputed to tier.
A little arehin;. only nine years of age, was
charged with robbing a boy of his own age of a
shilling, in Atidge-street, Blackfriars. From the
statunent.of the child robbed, it appeared,
that
he was assailed by ,the prisoner and another boy,
about eleven years of age. They perceived he bad
sonic money about him, and, by previous concert,
seized him by the neck, and rubbed him of the mo-
ney in question. The other boy escaped; and the
prisonerwas taken by Cresswiql, the officer. The
yoneg depredator was committed till Thursday
next, on which day his parents are to atteod.
UN: ONAlAL.l...*lfenry Guyer, Julia Draper,
James' Nrn,4, ..wimra. Weed,. wt:at. osiPtidlondeli
by Wortley, charged by Air. Phiipor, a country
gentleman, residing at the Peacock Tavern, New-
ington, with having robbed hint ot his pocket
book, containing several bank-notes, on Sunday
evening, Mr. Philpot stated, that he was passing
the Roel:inghans Arms, in the Kent Road, on his
way home, when Emir men, whom he believed to
be the prisoners, came up to bins, pushed hint
about several times, awl then ran off immediately.
After they were gone, he missed his pocket-book
he applied to Wortley, ainl in consequence at the
description given of, their persons, the ,prisoners
were apprehended. They were committed kit re,
examination.

A notice hris been given revecting the Swtdi,ll
ecipirsttntion3, by the licfi ree.i. appointed by Act
of Parliament for the distrihntinn of 'the property
t
zirlic7) covey,
eks;
letirted o
,i,t:
Estc or
tot to
euhut"gh anti
tlajot
(I.llA4Tl:n°ciyaeC....
soot arfeecelliti ics:pp,ML:yliltet::tto.Yett:sittlixet::llealn-t,
lotsN:o,
o. 6eo
miles}lt tP) ti .et i:tllitttkoft.t rayell d f)rttUan."
-"ar'
tt yity thiltg being applied to
than•one-t tirdot a half-crown box.
the axleirees,
of the Ntent Anti-Atttitiou Composition, which
thy. a t No, 4,0, Charing-41,034, Baur the Mail..t.
s sold

IiE4SIT ASSIZES, 11\113.1).‘y , AUG. 2;).

DOTTY ASTLE.---SI.I.ICIAL. Jinn(
'Ai this.tase has excited considerable taut:ll6bn,
float lts,importance to the Shipping and Alercah-
tile Interests, we think it right to give a more de-
- tailed report' of it than has appeared in other
'Newspapers, or in Tux SUN Of Monday last.
Apprehensions having been long entertained
that extensive frauds were practised in making
cables and cotda_ge of *inferior materials, Ciitill'ary
to the statute 2:i Geo. 11. c. ;A. which .was' pass-
" for more effectually p4.eventing Deceits and
• " Frauds in the mamifacturiag at Cordage for
tiliipping: Ike.'" The plaintiff', who is the Chief
o;licer:Of time Thames Police Office, was requested..
l» the prii}aap~l llopemakers it) the Po-t of Lon,
don to direct his nttention to the, subject,, and
having received Intculnation, towards the close of
1.1!:t January, that two cables, manufactured by

ete defeintimt at Chatham, of inferior materials and
of old worn-out stuff, would be forivarded by tin)
in the Chatham Hoy to his Correspondents in
London, the plitivititf accordingly, on the Iloy's
Arrival in Oe river Thatne3 on the 29th antrary

seized q-ables in `question one. of I
4
;aches, the othcrl3-,k inches,. each 120 fathoms in
leilgtli,,witiejt, on inspection by the Master Rope-
tiniterS rind others, were found to be of the above
description,
_anti .siteb as ought not to have been
made. It appeared, that for about six or seven
fathoms from' each end of the two cables, they
:lvere,matleof'yew inferior lreny , bit that the in-
terVening length, or middle part, of each of them,
for about 1.011 fathoms., I,vete composed of vow bad
old febriiont stuff, eovered with great art, and in
sitelt,a manner, with new thinigh inferitir
as to prevent :immediate detection, it being requi-
site to unhtSr both the cables to discover, the
framl.

The plaintiff, soon after this survey,' brought the
present action, to recover the penalties imposed.
by the several sections of this Act. The &fen-
Alant pleaded the general issue, but did not appar
. on the trial by Counsel. It was the first action
wh;cli had been brought oz this, statute, The
• Olaintiti 's ease being gone through, and the facts
proved,
Lord ELLENttottouott addressed the Jury :nearly
to the following effect
(f. This is an action brought hy,Mr. John Gotty,
who sues as a common informer against Thotnas
Castle, for certain penalties incurred under an
Ac(Of Parliament which was made for more ef-
' lectually preventing deceitsand frauds in the ma-,
ntheturing or oordage for shipping, and to pre-
vent the illicit iMportation of foreign! made,
cord,,ge.,: There. is
.no charge of. any "offence
against the last provision, :but :certain penalties
are stated to have been incurred under the .fOrmer,
l he particular section of the statute, under which,
it is said item:titles
,are incurred is this, that if any
lArtiOn or persons shall make or Cause to be made
any cab,les of any old or ,worn stuff, which shall
cant:ail) above seven inches in compass, then every
rerson so offendiag shall forfeit and • lose four
limes the value of every such cable so by him or
ber made, or paused to be made, as aforesaid.'
A. person of the name. of :Robert Young •.is
called ; be ice t waterman arid eon3tahle of t4e,
Thames Police
.01'fire.at ,\Vapping ; he SAW the
plaintiff Canty seize on. the :29th of January two.
. tables on'•boatal- the Chatham boy, of Rochester.,
—One of tip! cables. was consigned' to Mr. Sint-,
sun,. bear the Dog and Duck, Rotherhithe, it was.
put into. Mr. Steel's lighter. It was at the in-'
Astant it had been put into the lighter that it was
seized. by Mr. Gotty. The other cable was con-
14.gned, to Mr. Addetton, at Shadivell, both 'the
cables were taken to Joint and Ceiling's Rope-
s rOund at Poplar—he saw the sir:olds of this
cordage tnilaiel ; it was made of old )arn, and bad
riew yarn'twistecl tat the heart of every sit-Ind, and
covered' \VIL ifew ; there were abont'seven fa-
thom at each end, that 'appeared to'be new, and
even tbat new wasbad of ity stirt.
" EVenden s4tys 'he is Master of the
Chatham boy, and he acts as ISl6sti.:r of her. Oa
the '2::)(11 of January lie received two cables from
the deleinhat, Thomas Castle,-a rOpe-niaker, and
he gave hint a paper directing them where to be
sent. The paper
IS,
For Mr. Si t,sot, ;Pock arid thick,
t lactic, roll. "
For Mr, AdOerton., ..Shatlwell, •
I Ditto, 131. ' • .
(Signed) r J. CAsTi.E.'':
" nett these cOleS 'exceed seven, incles in..
compass., therefore they fall 'within 'this
airse tit` tht Act of Parliament, us they are made
made of old or worn. stuff.
" The ‘vitness says, there were not any tallies
aaixed on either of them. I am.Of opinion that
the affixing of tallies does not apply to this. kind
of cordage,. which is old Or worts, but that, it up-
plies to nitr Cordage, Whieh this WaS not.
Cfnignie, or, the '.:"hams
Ponce', 4.,;Yti., he sittr Grotty and Young carry the
cables to :loart and Carling's a hart he was pre-
str:lt cat Of theta by the rope-
noikers ; tare t' I.ls bred a rotor,-tanker; there was
old yarn in every i,trana ; uise or six fathoms at
• enrl .rte of new hemp, but it was of a
very hiferlof ',off ; he says,--- I opened: and eic.-
uomt6t it, and found some Old arid fritter) ia it.'
John Smith. saw the defendant, Castle, tin
the oth of January last ; he called at, the Black
Boy, nest the Thames Police Office ; be Says,
• deleadaot sent for me, we knew each other
:before..' The‘lefethlant witeted to know Who was
Abe' seizing officer ; ' I told him Gotty ;' w lye ant—
to know what the cables were detained for
,aid I could not tell; I hoped they were not his ;'
he yxirl they were, and, that he was afraid they
were seized because the tallies Were not on.them
j cior-on says—' I live at notherhithe,
s •
reedired tenet',' (which ryas read) :----`'Dear
Sir, I C;01 ntAke you very capital cables at 75/.
'"6"Y! (10601 tneatm a ton), Which having so
.ouhny ltottet or Ole shoolil not thind Bills , but 1
tt qt Ohij it;CO, to work cheap, and at as small profit,
as I emit tat to kt me know by it tiro,
as the hoy yi on Saftirilay: Signed,
lie hey
lityS: Serit an order to the. defend-
• to leika aura a lir inch eabk; on the terms men-
t idittA - .
" Thomas Steel says"' I was sent by'the last

„. . - •
~.. . ~t
NI fitness .10 iccikie A,
Z":able' 'I 't) Ow Ciutklitini L'oy ;
- A
it was pt 4 over; into niy ve..1.4e1, anti 'it was stlze.d:
by Mr. Gotty. 1 carried Loth eabfes to Joad and
Curling's whsrf.'
..
'`Abraham Adderton said—' ile dealt with
Castle for cordage.. 'He says I .il.i. Castle ; he.-
told'rue the cable was seized by the Ofiieer :! be
did not say to whom it was addre,Sed. This,
would have been made very' material if be had
been ehargcd as the stlier ; and it it had bcen
e.ssential to' constituthq; the offence that he had
sold, hot it t) P6t ehat'ged ra this case•tha, there
is a sale ; in order to constitute it 54;e to Adjtr.
ton he mutt have accel,tcd it, or eanseutedro if;!s:ve.
it sent to libn; .

Mr. Gur:sEY.—lt night be a yeuding—ofierilt
t'ur side, I submit to .your Lordshi.p., is a ‘e.ndify,;•
Lord LI.I.LNDOROLR;tI.---" ; there Must be a
sale; 'but it does not Leconte material, be*Cause it
is here, that if any person shall make, or cause to
be made any cables, which he clearly did.
" Nash, a ropemaker, says,
,‘ he work..
ed with Castle in January last.; he assistitl-in
making two cables, and in making all he made.'
'' Mr. Robert Rich, a ropeinal.er, says, t lie has
been in the business nearly forty Y;:ars ; he went
to 'load and Cutling's yard, to exaMine the cable;
it was new,. from five to seven fathom at each
end think that which• is new is made of bad
inferior stud';' that is not materiiil with a view'to
this section of the Act.: That examination was
directed with a view to the other 'section, which
required a mark that reteti to the third section, of
being inferior to P'etceshorgh hemp. Lie says,
when tarred, it is not in easily distinguished : this
was made, in part, of old stud', fifty-eight old.
And sixty-'nine new yarns., Seven inches in cons-
'
pass, means seven iitches in cireliniference. lie
I should' calf it a cable wide of old or
worn stuff.' It •breaks hi the manner he Shews
you, snapping it with his hands. if good and
new, it would not break in that manner ; a, sin-
gle strand of Petersborgh hemp, would hear a
Weight of from a hundred and_ a quarter to a him
tired and a half; this would not,lmar a quarter of
it hundred weight.'
," Gentlemen, if tyou are of opinion, as I have
no doubt you are, that this is. a cable inatle of old
worn.,stutf, and more than seven inches in coin-
oft,. the next cciusidrration is the amount oldie
penalty, taut is four times the value As the wit-
ness says it is not a salett'ile article, it must, be
decomposed, and put in some shape in. which it
might be saleable ; the three tons new might be
saleable at 401:; three times 'that is 1201, The
two tons of old is saleable at ',?{)/. making together
1601. ; and fdur time's that is 6401. ; that, if, un-
(ler the circumstances, 'you are iittisfied with the
manner in which it is computed, will be the
amount of your verdict As the penalty incurred
upon this occasion.
FOREMAN of the; jinty..—" We feel a little
difficulty in this caste with respect to the amount
of the penalty ; ire do so in this- point .of view,
that the greater the offence the lesser the punish"
nicht, inasinitch as The, penalty is reduCed when
the magnitude .the,ollence is greater. 'We all
know that it' ninety-nine parts of a cable be good,
yet br thia hundredth hunanintl,, the lives of the crew
are at 00%."
Lord Li'LLEsraoaoot;tl. " Your comment isjnst;
iti's a-defective mode of calculating the penalty
for by making a cable good for nothing, by %%lila
people will he more injured, he will have less pu-
nishment 'than ilhe had made it somewhat better;
,ho.wever,l think you can have no difficulty about
the penalty of 640/.",
Verdict for the penalty=--Damages 6401. with-
out'eOsts.
