YRENcif .4.CADEMY.

9.6.--Yesterday Coe anniversary
sitting of the French Academy was -held for the
distribution of the annual prizes given for poetical
coknposition. The subject announced last year
for the French muse was the 64 Abolition of the
Slove 'Erade." M. Raynouard, the author of the
ft‘ Templars " and the learnedwork the poetry
on
and literature of the Troubadours, who is l'erpe-
teal Secretary of the Academy, delivered an ap-
Bropriate preliminary discourse, in which he
sketched the history of personal slavery—de-
scribed its state among the ancients—quoted
lii OspiniotlS >of ancient historians and philosb-
phem on the subject—and traced the influence
of Christianity in effectinF its abolition in mo..
tivin iilarope, From tins he passed to the
history of the Negro Slave. Trade, and produced
the opinion of Mottlequiett, and some other
1.-reuch authors, on its cruelty and injustices-T-
-.14, might naturally have been supposed that the
Perpe,tual Secretary of the Academy would have
proceeded in his historical narratives and liberal
praises, and would have placed some of our abo-
litionists awong the worthies whose exertions had
contributed to produce the result at which Mon.
tesquieu and other enlightened ,French had
aimed. But no—his audience was
,not told that
therb was atrclt a hotly in existence as the British
Parliament—that such men eyer lived as Wilber-
force and Clarkson. Ititynouptd's liberality,
justice, and humanity must be very domestic vir-
tues ; for., Recording 4o the words of the play,
‘. they not -only begin at home, but end at
Lorne ;" tiny at It ast do not venture to cross the
,Channel, though they may travel to
Africa. The first prize was adjudged to M.
t?'hunvet, whose poem, containing snipe eiegatit
verses, was read entire by M. Picard, the cele-
brated comic, writer. After this part of the 'nisi-
ilet;s of the day had been concluded, M, Fraysi.
IWO) the Bishop of Bermopolis, who presided at
the sitting, proceeded to a novel kind of business
for,a literary society, namely, the distribution of
Prizes for virtuous actions—piizes lately founded
li v Baron'Mont you. They Were five, one of 1,.600
f.4.ancs., and four, medals of 1,000 francs value
each, adjudged to persons in humble life, who,
during the last year, had pprformed some strik-
ingly virtuous action, or series of, acts. The Bi-
shop, in performing this part-of his duty, corn-
inenced it by a discourse at which tin Academy
must have been ashamed, containing not a single
striking thought, phrase, or expression, but filled
with the dullest common-place and the, most vul-
gar prejudices. The drift of his speculation
Was, that no virtue existed in the common ranks
of society till it was created by the example, and
loctered by the encouragement, of the most vir-
tuous, tnost educated, most religious, and most
