FASHIONS FOR JAAU,IIII:

11/10X.11TiON OF THE ?REV AILING FASHIONS HP.
SIELF.I.II, AS TAKEN FROM MINUTE OBSERVATION, FY A
'LADY OF IHSTFNGU.SHED TASTE, FROM REAL HR::5stS,
A,ND.R.EPRESAN TED BY COLOURED ERIN 116.; .e.xTitAcr.
LO FROM "LA. RELLE AS6EMBLEE; OR, BELL'S COURT
AND FASIOGNABLE MAGAZINS," POK THc PRESENT
MONTH.'

. .
Pelisses have undergone,but little alteration, either in their'
?Orin or texture, since our last oilservations. r bey ate still
I made to tit tight to the shape, to button down the front wait
I small raised silk buttons, left broad over the bosom and
shoulderS, but sloped in something narrower to the :fall of
the back behind t-a cestus encircles the waist, and is fasten-
! ed by a button before ;- the newest; trimming is a velvet
about two. inches in breadth..
'We have seen several elegant women in fine black. cloth
I pelisses,"ornamented with the narrowest gold oraiding. Cin.
namoh-bro wit is,, hoviever, the re;going sOlour itilhis style
,1 of dress. Mazarine continues to be much worn. Grass:
• green it'is expe&ed will succeed to it.
.Mantles are. Mostly wade of scarlet Meringo cloth, cut in
the bias, with a broad trimming of. Velvet of the same colour ;
.the collars are lik6wise made of veliiet the crossway. The
1. hoods are large, and chiefly lined with whire'sarsnet ; a tip-
pet of the same material as the cloak,
.or of 'rich sarsnet,
frequeatly attached to the , collar ; on one side it is sloped
like a pelerine, while the other terminates ha a point, hang.
nig gracefully over the opposite shoulder. Many ladies for
the sake of convenience have a tippet to their cloth dresses,
;
which
then answers the purpose of a, pelisse. A' rich silk
t -.spencer, trimmed with swansdown, with a white fur tippet
und muff; worn over a boinbaieen or Queen's scut/ dress, is
a very fashionable and Convent.int carriage costume:
. Morning gOwits continue to oe:made high in the neck.—'•
They are buttoned. from the feet to the throat ; the French
1 roe we described iu our last N wither, is a very eegant addi-.
tion. to thisdress; the French corded cambric is the favour-
ite- aithde in their Construaion.
In the afteritbon, or intermediate Cidsi of dress, bomba.
1 zeens, lustres, poplins, or stuffs; are every 'tillete observ.
.1 able.

In full' or evening dress, the backs of the gowns are be-
coming considerably narrower, they are sloped to a point be-
tween the shoulders ; the'bosoms are in the wrap form,- but
wetri very'low • 7 the neck and shoulders much exposede—e , Angles seem tohave taken place of squares in the formation
of the dres*ese tile sleeves are for the, most part long. In
this class of attiree'coloured crapes; gossamer nets, (worn
over white satin) with black or .coloured velvets, are in the
mosetashionable request. Trains are worn a quarter and a
hilf in lengt,p. The .embroidered cestus, on a narrow gold
band, is the most approved ornament for the waist. A lace
handkerchief, or swansdown and satin .tippet..; is an hells-
pensable.part of full dress and we liopoeo'leng as the shape
continues to be minutely clispiaj,cd, tpis chaste fashion may
prevail.
IfitS and bonnets nave experienced but little variation with.;
in this last month ; they ;are mostly construct,,d of the same
'material as the pelisse ; they are worn turned up in front,
and drawn in a little to the crown, to appear like a roll, by
• a.narrow gild binding, and ornamented with one or more flat
•ostrich feathers. ; Clouded and variegated straws, in the
cottage form, are Still seen on some ut our most fashionable
tithes ; but a plain straw hat, with a high flat crown tarried
up close behind, sitting suffkiently holloW from the face to
admit underneath several rows of lace plaiting, ivnich has
the appe.rance of a full cap, is a simple and more modern
head.dre.s. • .
r r The hair is either worn•brought for Ward in a full tuft of
curls on one side of the race, or else _closely twisted up be,
hind, and confined wi t a pearl comb; a wreath of heath is
placed at the back ut the heod a-la-Dapbnep encircling the,
knot of stair twisted' twice round, and inclining, to the left
ear ; this is a most fascinating and graceful head-dress, if
tastefully disposed. rinse orharnented with flies, crescents,
or sprays, in diathonds, pearls, or`Otherjewels, have like.
wise 'a very elegant and pleasing Wed.
,respect to the tasilion• for jewellery,. we have observed
that fancy necklaces and bracelets, are by no means consider-
ed as elegant. Plain r,,ws of pearl, ruby, garnet, .emerald;
are seen to decorate the necks of our fashionable fair;
!they are worn of an.easy graceful length; crosses in different
coloured jewels are of new invention.
White satin Inuit's, trimmed with
;swat...down, are just in.
Arodnieed in ;the 'fashionable circles as an appendage to full
chess. There,is ito variety in, shoes; they are, still made ot
white satin, occasionally colashed with purple, richly em-
• • broidered in gold, silver, or natural flow.:rs. The Grecian
sandal, in th., forth of a half-boot, cur test to display the
lace stacking, madein white;blue, or pale pink kid, hound
and laced wins silver, is in high estimation at math ; it is ad,
inirably calculated to display a fine toot to advantage.
The prevailing colours for the season are, crimson, orange,
mazarine, amaranthu,s, •scarlete and cinnamon-brown.

The, PERSIAN AMBAgSADOR visited. the Opera on
Saturday evening,, attended by Lord RADSTOCK, Sir
S. SMITH, Sir G.-OUSELEY, and his pri'.ate Inter-
preter. He was received at the King's door, in the
Haymarket, with the same respect and ceremony
as tht. Roi.a.t.Famit.a going in, state in,
.public, and
his,dotnestics in att,tidance were also admitted into
the Gallery, which was never before allowed-but to
; the servants of the ROYAL FAMILY.
.. -
1 We
,are told of tie " brilliant success" which
• • 1 attendS•all BOONAPARTE'S enterprizes, 2and. of the
RATISBON, DEC. 3.—By the abdication of the 'a" disgraceful tailure," of out Expeditions.' We
Emperor Francis' in the year 1806, the koman and ;,have often observed that BUONAPARTE is a favourite
german Imperial Dignity was no hmger in existence. character with the Opposition Writers, but we
Indeed, for many years before, it was merely,. an should, have , hoped lima, these Writers would have
empty name,, with regard to Rutile and the Roman Forisidered the motives which actuate the mind of the
Empire, though the Einperor and political writers French Uaurper,. and those which obviously excite
asserted the contrary. It is, therefore, obvious, the operations of this country, hod that they would
that so far back as 1806, the great Emperor of the be, ashamed of making any observations of a Com-
French had a right to assume tht title of Roman , .parative nature betweeh the attempts ~of a restfess
and French Emperor, had he chosen 'to make any ' Tyrant ao reduce the whole earth to slavery, and
addition to the splendid titles' lie already enjoys, or- those which are not only intended ter the defence
to deck his, brows with the fogitive emblem of a aef this coantry, but for the deliverance of all States
foreign crown. A wise man despises the lustrek avhd wish to throw off their miserable dependence
which is not justified by efficient power. Theyear ,on a flagitious despot„ and the pioteetion of those
I Roo, which has woven so many' garlands of laurel which are not yet subdued beneath his iron yoke.
for the head of Napleon, also hails him master of Indeed; the writers we alludeto, speak of " the blaze,
Rome. lie revokes the, gifts mace by his illustrious . of what he calls his 'glory," thus admitting that
predecessor Charlemagne to the Bishops of Rome, ' it is in reality very far from that glory winch every
and which the latter have abused, to the injury of honourable' mind would desire, but tnei.add, that
their spiritual duties,' and the interests of the inhabi- , this bastard glory " extinaeishes discontent."—,
tants of the States confederated with them. Na- Is it passible to suppose that Fiance, whose ,aapula-
polecin, as legitimate Lord Paratromit of Rome, i 'ion his -'been lamentably reduced tea.gratity .the
may now,_ in the same manner vs his illustrious ambition, and to elevate the faintly of the, Usurper,
predecessor, style himselfltoman and French Em- feels no discontent, ' because these enterpaize.s-- are
peror, The eagle which Charlemagne brought successful which have been• purchased ;by the sa-
from Rome, and placed on tilts battlements of has crifice of their countrymen and relations ? -ki it'
palace at Aix la Chapelle,has been restored to the possible to suppose- that BUONAPAETE'S glory, as it
Roinans by Napoleon: le makes them sharers in is called, by a disgusting prostitution of language,
his empire and his glory; and a thousand years after . " extinguishes discOntent" in the various States
the reign of Charlemagne a new medal will be into which he has Carried devastation, and
struck, with , the memorable inscription " lienova- which he has forced to 'bend under the disgracetul
do Imperil." ' When . Charlemagoe transferred the and oppressive sovereignty of his minions ? As well
Roman imperial- dignity to the Franks, he thereby may we be told that the proud republicans of Hol-
established a new Empire of the West, which, after land, humbled too much, indeed, -even for their
ages of oblivion, re-appears to our view with renovat- enealies not to pity them, are dazzled by the
ed vigour; fur Napoleon the Great must be looked glory of the Conqueror who imposed a King upon
on as the founder of a. revived. Western Empire.— them, and has now melted their country down into
Napoleon will .in this charactet prove a blessing .to wretched depen(tency on the Great Empire !
civilized Eur Ope. Colter EXCHANGE,JAN.I.;.--To;day there are con-
' The peace of Europe will thus' be completely re- siderablesupplies of Wheat, not much of first qua-
established. The great number of well-Meaning lily, which fully maintaiuS its price, unlit) iry
,heavy
people, tcawhom Napoleon's power. seemed oppres- sale, and somewhat lower ; B irley is cheaper for
,sive, whilst they considered themselves as exempt 'interior.aamples;' Malt and White Pease at little va-
frona any 'engagements towards hini, and their con;' ' riation-; beans of the two kinds. likewise ,• there are
.duct appeared to be regulated only by their 'ownaep-, also considerable supplies of Oats, 'fine in demand,
C: on will fulfil their new duties with inviolable 'fide-1 and quoted rattier dearer; Flour remains at lato pt'Acs.
f,

" An officer of the artillery, one of the engineers,
and a commissary—at v, dr, shall, enter the mo-
ment possession is take:, of the gates of the city, to
receive possession of the magazines, maps, plans,
&c.

s, Done at Gerona, seven in the evening, Dec. le, 1b09."
[Here follow the signatures.)
