ment, but there being none it fell to the ground, and the re-
solution was carried unanimously.
Mr. HOME came forward, and was received with deafening
applause, which continued for some minutes, and which was
more than once renewed with fresh enthusiasm. He was much
obliged for the manner in which the resolution had been re-
ceived, but he would have been more pleased if they had
allowed the gentleman who had previously presented himself
to explain, and that they had heard the resolution which he had
proposed as an amendment, because if there was any part of
his (Mr. H.'s) on which he prided himself, it was that which
the gentleman had wished to submit, because he was a man of no
party but the party of the people.—( Cheers.) He had been
long enough in the House of Commons to see the Tory Admi-
nistration succeeded by a moderate Whig Administration, then
by an entire Whig Administration—he had seen changes of all
kinds during the long period he had been in Parliament,
but he would defy any man to say he had ever given
a vote where he had not supported that which was necessary
for the interests of the people.—(Cheers.) He had no doubt
that the gentleman who had just presented himself, declaring
he was a Reformer, was something like Sir Robert Peel.—
( Cries of " Hear, hear," and laughter.) He (Mr. Hume)
only regretted that he could not know so much of the
gentleman's past history, as he did of Sir Robert's, so as to
be able to give a statement or form -an opinion of his future
conduct. He was quite sure that any man who wished to
trample the country under the feet of Wellington, could not
have done more than come forward as Mr. D. had this day done.
Men were often misled by words. He (Mr. H.) agreed that
coalition was an ominous word, because coalition had fre-
quently taken place, having for its object every thing but
the interests of the country—( Hear.) He would refer to the
pages of history in support of this fact, and be was quite sure
that those who had read those pages recently must know
that when a great late coalition took place, it was for the ex-
press purpose of trampling under foot the interests of this
country. Union undoubtedly was required, but God knew,
and undoubtedly Mr. Dixon must be aware that die
reformers had at present, against them, the Church—
the Court,—the Magistracy,—the whole of the To-
ries and part of the press.--(A cry from the hus-
tings, " Not all the Magistracy.") Undoubtedly not
all ; but the Honourable Gentleman spoke of the large
majority. He hoped and trusted, and knew, that there
were honourable exceptions. (Hear, hear.) He had
around him Magistrates who would consider themselves
degraded by being classed among those who he called destruc-
tives of the liberties of the country.—( Loud cheers.) Surely,
the gentleman who had presented himself must have read over
the cabinet of Wellington, and he must be aware from that muster
of the determination there was to prevent a due exercise of the
trust of every voter throughout the country. What did this
meeting point out then beyond the necessity of nnion ? Re-
formers ought undoubtedly to exercise their judgment in ques-
tioning every man who came before them a to candidate,
to ascertain if he was a man who would support cheap
Government, and oppose every question that was cal-
culated to destroy the progress of improvement under
the Reform Bill. Would Reformers adopt that course,
and choose only those .men who would go on gradually
to bring about those changes and ameliorations, or would they
be stopped short, and subject themselves to a renewal of all
the mischiefs which ages had brought upon this country ?
If Mr. Dickson was, as he said he was, a Reformer, he
had mistaken his object, because if ever there was a period
at which reformers should be united it was the present; and
there was undoubtedly the happiest demonstration of this feel-
ing throughout the country, because at any meeting within
this metropolis the Ultras joined with the Whigs—
the Whigs joined wish the Radicals, and there had not been a
shade of difference at any of the meetings. All parties had
come forward, the one saying " I will sink my difference of
opinion," the other saying " I will sink mine, let us be of
one union. —( Great cheering.) If the Hon. Gent. who spoke
last—( Much laughter and cries of " honourable, indeed f")
meant to recommend real union in order to protect Re-
formers, he (Mr. Hume) was certainly much obliged
to him for giving him the opportunity of explaining
what was meant by union ; and, undoubtedly, the
struggle that was now about to take place, to use
the emphatic expression of Mr. O'Connell, was " the
struggle of struggles," which every good man in the
country must make to secure the benefits of the Reform Bill.
The man who rejected union of Reformers was to be looked
upon as an enemy of the people—was to ae put down as un
open Tory, and at once to be discarded from among them.
He knew not whether Mr. Dixon was in the situation of a no-
bleman who had come forward on a late occasion to impugn
him (Mr. Hume), he meant Lord Stormont.—( Hear, hear.)
The corrupt city of Norwich, which had been guilty of the
grossest bribery, but in cor*equence of some technicality which
the House of Commons could not have foreseen, and which had
prevented the right of electing members from being taken
from it, had returned at the last election, Lord Stormount and
Sir James Scarlett.—(Hisses.) They all knew how the ter-
vers.ation of Sir J. Scarletthad lately been rewarded-( Hisses. )
What had that Lord Stormont said of him at a late dinner ?
--( Hear.) The gentleman behind him (Mr. Dixon) appeared
to have taken a leaf out of their book.—( Hear and laughter.)
What had Lord Stormont said of him " Gentlemen, would you
have Mr. Hume Chancellor of the Exchequer ?"—( Yes, yes.)
They should be aware of what was the object of the Noble
Lord in this question. Were they not aware that the Noble
Lord's grandmother had a pension of 1,000/. a year
drawn out of their pockets?—(Great laughter, and cheer-
ing.) It was a fact that the Countess of Mansfield,
although her son had a freehold landed property of 20,0001. a
year, he
.had allowed his mother to be a pensioner upon the
public purse for agesl—( Great laughter and applause.) Now
it was well-known that he (Mr. Hume/ bed ever been
the avowed and determined enemy 0 all pensions
and sinecures, and must they not, therefore, be aware that
the object of Lord Stormont in objecting to him (Mr.
Hume) being appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer was
because be was satisfied that if he (Mr. Hume) was
in the Treasury, the Noble Lord's Ingth@r'S pension
must be lost.—.( Cheers and laughter.) With regard tq ano-
ther subject (for a gentleman behind him had said, "no more
about nothing") lie would ask them did they believe that
Lord Roslyn, Lord Ellenborough, or any other of those sine-
curists who were fattening en the spoil of the nation, and
who had now become component parts of the administration,
were the persons most likely to promote economy rind retrench.,
ment? He (Mr. Hume) would take the present opportunity
of replying to the insinuation against himself relative to his
taking office.—( Hear.) He had been for twenty-five years
before the public, and if he had wished for office he might have
had it.—( Hear.) But such was not his object, and it never
was his Intention tq seek it.,-...( ApPlaqse.) ,fence fee all, he
wpuotulfodrwsairdtoagaailyst inhsiiminiafotiron;aonft tohfatusernreth
sort, that it was only
gt
ein,
and
fog'
the mere purpose of spreading diseensien and elvision among
their ranks.—( Hear.) It was put forth for the mere n"*-
, ~ ....
pose of 'amusing tne prejudices of some weals men who m -Irt
riot be aware of their object. Called. as h',' hacl been, arter
many yeere (if trial and dilileulty to 040.04te their interests in the
House of Commons where he had often been left in small mino-
rities of four, five, and six, he bad never allowed himself to
§nppert either Whigs or Tories as mere factions i but wher-
ever measures favourable to the interests of the country were
brought forward by any party, he had been ready to
support them.--( Loud cheers, and a voice in the crowd called
opt, " Whv did not Mr. Bing rote with Yen 9") He had
been asked `by a freeholder below why his Hon, Co league had
not voted with him; but he would ask him, in return, where
had be ever found two men of the same opinions upon all
subjects? He had regretted that his colleague did not on
all occasions see things in the same light as he(Mr. H.) did,
but was he now to turn round and charge his honourable col-
league with a slight difference of opinionA whets ho re-
collected that Mr. Brig had been a reformer, when
danger was attached to the very name ?—( Loud cheers.)
He looked with great satisfaction upon the proceedings
Of the eonnty of Middlesex, and he was gratified to think that
they would sink every shade of difference, be it large orsmall,
and unite in expelling the Tories from the Government.
The first moment that he heard of the clump In the Ad-
ministration at the time Lord Grey retired, he knew very
well that the other party was ready,. and therefore it was
that ho took the trouble he did to keep in the late Administra
tion. He knew the Tories were to take office the very first
opportunity that occurred, and, therefore, it had been
his most anxiees wish that They should be disap-
pointed.-,(Cheers.) Sir John Seat Lillie had very pro-
perly said, they could scarcely know the difficulties the late
Ministry lied had to contend against, but he (Mr. H.) had per-
haps had better opportunities of knowing those difficulties than
many present. He had blamed the late Ministers in his place
in the House of Commons, He had said he regretted ex-
tremely the course they were taking—( Loud cheers)
—he had told them that they were standing. between
people and the Tories, that they were preventing those
measures which the people demanded, and which they had pro-
mised them ; and the moment they found the Ministers were
vferP g_iving them d!gsatigraeticie, they would kick them
out as they -deserved. Such had been his language to the
Ministers when in office,and he would ask the people of England
whether they were willing that the peers and parliament of this
country, who have had the power of putting their hands
into the poelsets of the people_ whether they should resume
that power, er whether the Commons of England would
elect such Representatives as would take proper care of
the' public purse, and see that no further expenses
were incurred than were absolutely. necessary ?—( Loud
Cheers.) If the Tories were to continue in office, and if
they could obtain a Parliament with seven years' term,
God only knew what they would do to destroy the little
the people had got. The struggle was for liberty or slavery,
and limited as the suffrage was, as had been expressed in the
first resolution, it hOoYed the pepple to get an oaten-
sion of the suffrage i it behoved them for the safety
of their own rights, for the safety of the crown, and for the
protection of the Ceastitution, that they should extend
the basis Qll eibiell the r.i.e.Vernment rested.—(Cheers.)
Ha would ask if there were any persons present
who were accustomed to erect ordinary beildings whether they
would net piece the greater structure 'upon as wide and solid a
foundation -as possible ? and he would therefore say
let the people of England, by tbQ extesision of the
suffrage, 01/t4in 45 wide and extensive a feed as possible,
thereby obtaining better means of supporting the Crown It-
self, and placing the King in the high situation which, as
the monarch of the country, he ought to fill,--(Cheers.)
He nemi not feu lienseftleefeze th. Ile•form Bill the King
was a mere pageant. The Peers and the 090°NcY corns
mended the House of Commons ; they fed the Ring as they
pleased. But now that charm and spell was broken, and the
people would have the command of the House of Commons.
He considered there could not be a more gratifying sight than
a mizting: like the present, and, he was happy to say, it was
only a type of all those he had attended in the metropolis. It
was
aeltini gratifyingfer to
one eeseesreoentil object.— sing one opinion, and
(LOnd cheering.)
