I to the Department of Accounts at this Office, distinguishing the
proportion for each head of service. A daplicate' of such esti-
mate is also to lye.sent to the agents of the regiment.
Ciarals OF MEN.—Gth. The claims of the individuals pre-
sent with the regiment are of course to be finalt- sQ,ttied on
their reducen ; but in cases of men unavoidably absent, a
statement of the balance due to each is to be transmitted
to the agent, in order that the claims of such men may be set-
tled hereafter-Upon their own application to the agent, without
difficulty or delay. A Duplicate of this Statement is to be sent
to the Department of Accounts.
DATES OF DISCHARGING THE MEN.-7th. Care is to be
taken that the day or days on which the men are severally dis-
charged be inserted in the Pay Li,ts, in the column of Re-
marks.

CAPTAINS' ALLOWANCES.--Bth. The allowances to the
Captains of the reduced troops are to be discontinued on the
24th instant.

MARCHING MONEY, FAMILY ALLOWANCE,- AND PAS-
SAGE MONEY.--9th. The allowances to be granted under the
heads of marching money, family allowance, and passageS by
,7a,ter for the men, who, on being discharged, intend to reside
in the Unitedtkingdom- -and for their families;- are spetified
in Sect. 2, of the Regulations
. lately issued from this Office.
DISCHARGES-10th. It having occurred, in many instances,
that Men producing discharges at Chelsea have alled that
the discharges did not contain all the particulars which they
would have wished to have brought under the consideration of
the Chelsea Board, it is extremely desirable that especial . cure
be taken that the discharges of the men, recommended for the
Out=l'ension, may shew every proper ground of claim that each
man may .have on account of his services, wounds, or other
disability.
SUPERNITMERART 'HORSES.-11th. Instructions will he
sent separately as to the di'sposal of the troop horses that will
become supernumerary to the reduced establiment.
You will be pleased to acknoWledge the receipt of this letter,
and to report the date when the reduction shall have beeri carried j
into effect. I have the honour to be, Sir,
Your most obedient Servant,
Officer commanding the

P.S.—The two junior Lieutenants and two junior Cornets
are, of course, to be reduced ; and the same number of Lieu-
tenants as are at present serving on Cornet's pay may accord-
ingly be retained thereon.

DUTCH AT AMBONA.

• (Pram
rom The Bekaa Xewsletter.7)

There is something in the very infei;tion of this
Govern Meta, and this island*, in connection with
each other, which rouses an Englishinian's feelings,
and recals associations that he would willingly
for .the Sake Of'human nature, have •blotted out
• .
froth his recollection, if not from the records 'of
1. ,
history. We believe, -•that on ihe !shole, the
•
Mitch GoVernment• is milder and. better since its
return to 'its Eastern possessions, Itian it was
pveVious to their expulsion from the line colonies
. .
since given back to them. There still remains,
however, no doubt, much to be desired ; but the
entire slavery of the press throughotii the exten-
sive Tegions-of, the eastern A rchipelagtrOttid the
difficulty of• acquiring accurate, information ,on
passing events, even in the letters which reach
from. its various points of communication, may
account for the apparent calm 'Which reigns
along its shores. The spirit of a GliVernmentis
often, .however, shewn as perfectly in- trifling in-
cidentS, as in more important ones ; and we think
it just to those who may have. occasion, either
now; or its future, to rely on the hospitality .and
good faith of foreign powers, in visiting their set-
tlements as Englishmen and strangers,.tomention
all such well authenticated breaches of these na-
tional virtues, as may be communicated. to us,
whether in cases of such atrocity, as-the massacre
at Manilla, or in cases of minot.c.onsequence,
such as the one we are about to detail. We are
indebted to a British Officer, just arrived in Cal-
cutta, from Amboyna, for the following facts
which occurred to himself, which may be relied
on as authentic, and which we have .-his full au-
thority to make public, for which purpose, in-
deed, they were expresily communicated to us.
On his voyage from New South Wales to India,
he landed at Amboyna in the month of Septem-
ber last, in the uniform of a British Officer, natu.
rally conceiving that there could be no occasion
to assume any other dress, .as in the colony of a
nation at peace and amity with us ; and, if they
considered rightly, largely indebted to British:
munificence; such a garb should not only Com-
nrand respect, but be a perpetual passport to hos-
pitable attentions, and a guarantee of security and
protection. After landing on the wharf with two
other English Gentlemen who were in company
with him, they were proceeding 'through Fort
Victoria, when, on entering • the first gate, the
Officer in uniform was seized forcibly. by six or
seven Dutch soldiers, with muskets, who told
him in- Dutch, that he was in ar-est,'and instant-
ly conveyed him to the common guard-room,
leaving his friends and companions, who, being
in plain clothes, were not molested, in astonish-
ment at this proceeding: These Gentlemen,
however, being themselves at liberty, -proceeded
at once to the Colonel, Suffrait, a French Officer
in the Dutch service, to learn the cause of this
extraordinary act of violence and insult. No
explanation appears, however, to have been given,
beyond the mere statement, that the soldiers had
exceeded their orders; but, .in consequence of

e remonstrances of his companions, the British
Officer was released from his prison. During a
period of fourteen days which this Gentleman
remained at Amboyna, after this .event, he had
frequent opportunities of learning, that the feel-
ing of the natives there was one of constant and
avowed hostility and dissatisfaction It ith the syS-
tern of. Government maintained over them by
the Dutch ; and their inquiries, whether any
hope remained of their being restored to Bri-
tish authority were always accompanied with the
most .ardent wishes for such- a change.—Such a
degree of indifference to the security and hap-
piness of these natives prevailed, that the pirates
had, twice attacked two villages in the south
west side of Amboyna, and murdered' and car-
ried off 250 persons. They were allowed to re-
main three days in butchering the..se unoffend-
ing villagers, and plundering their houses, before
any assistance was sent to Them fi'oin Fort Vic-
toria, and then at last, a Dutch ship of war, the
Courier, commanded by Commodore Poole., was
got under way, and sailed to their relief ;. but on.
arriving near the place, she fired*three guns; to
give the pirates notice pf her approach, which
enabled them to put to sea, and•-carry off their
booty without being molested or followed by her.
The natives seeing themselves thus liable to inva-
sion,-plunder, and murder from without, petition-
ed the Dutch Government to, grant.them a party
of soldiers, for the protection of :their lives and
property, but this was refused them. They then
asked to be permitted by the Gorerurient; to NI--
nish themselves with arms and ammunition for
their own defence,but this was alsOdetkied to them,
in consequence of which, the greaterpart of these

villagers have been obliged .to abandon their
houses; and those that remain ate-at the mercy
of the pirates, although the villages. in question

are not more than 25 miles from-Port Victoria.

This information, which. has been furnished to
us by the Officer to whom the fincible‘arrest hap-
pened, and whoSe subsequent stay at AMboyna
made him. acquainted with the facts here .de-
tailed, is published on. his perscittA and written
authority, and may be relied on as correct. The
reader will formhis own opinion' as to a aovern-
nient under Which such. transactidiW,.could take

place'.
[Weare authorised to state, tliat the Gentle-
man from whom the foregoing a.Cetirate detail
has beep received, is Mt. llenry 'cirleton, Lieu-
tenant and Adjutant of the European
regiment.]
