bad once. taken plice. He knew that man}
Members had left , the. House Oder tin , the
had been deitichid; and it was tllmctit ti w tu
Mettilla,:rs could be found. On the other side there was a
consideration in favour of the renewal of the debate, which was
paramount with him to all others. The Right lion. Gint.
brought forwaid this ttOtiOn 23 a vb7e of t,mure on Govern-
Menti and for his part he would not thiiik of shfinkinq, from
the question.—( Hear.) He was quite ready to meet it, and he
hild as little fear for the result as he had had for that of another
motion of a similar nature in the other House. Ile would say
that iht were conformable with the rules of the House, he would
preferthat the question should be again debated, and put to
a division to-night. It wis the course which would be most
conTistent with the character of Government, and he thought
they had a right-to ask the House to allow a question, which so
seriously affected their character and foreign i olicy, to be de-
cided to-night.
Mr. VILLIERS thought that as at least a dozen Members
had left the House, under the impression that the question had
he,n dte'ded, their proceeding to a division now would be
no test of the opinions of the House.
The SPEAKER again put the question.
Lord MAFION said that he would persist in his amend-
ment. The Noble Lord said he should move an amendment
identical in substance with the motion of the Noble Lord
( Eliot), but different in one of its expressions. The
Noble Lord then moved his amendment, making only a ver-
bal alteration in the original motion.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to put the amendment,
when—
Mr. BARRON rose to order, amidst vehement cries of

" Chair," from the Opposition side of the House.
The SPEAKER said, if the Hon. Member had any obser-
vations to make he must wait until the proper time.—( Hear,
hear.) He then read the amendment.
Mr. BARRON wished to ask the Speaker whether it was
competent now to put such a motion, consistent with the
rules and regulations as to Orders, Motions, and Notices en-
tered into at the beginning of the Session.
Mr. HAWES said, if such a motion were entertained—
if :a question were thus re-opened after a decision, it would
introduce a new system of party warfare which the Hon. Gen-
tlemen opposite might be the first to feel the effects of.
Sir ROBERT PEEL was not to be frightened by the
threat of the Hon. Gentleman. He was only anxious to do
that which was right, and therefore if five or six Gentlemen
could fairly say they hid been taken unawares by the
unprecedented situation in which they were placed, that
would be a good reason for postponing the motion. But
could the debate not be adjourned till Friday night ?
( Cries of " Slavery.") If the question of slavery were not
finished, then why not bring it on on Monday again ?
Mr. FRENCH must decidedly object to that course. He
had been waiting for three weeks for the second reading of a
Bill, and could not bring it on. Therefore he could not consent
to an adjournment to a motion day.
Mr. BE RNA L thought the motion of the Noble Lord
would be productive of every species of irregularity if agreed
to, and he should call ucon the House to consider the question
as settled. He was old enough to remember, when the Reform
question was brought before the House by Lord Durham, and the
House went to a division, when his Lordship and many of the
supporters of the measure were (absent, but no attempt was
made to bring on the question again. The rules of the House
always tended to good and beneficial results, and if they
attempted to depart from them, they would be laying a trap to
catch all kinds of contingencies.—(Cheers.) He felt bound
to resist any attempt to renew the discussion.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, his wish was to see the
debate proceeded in now, because it would be incon-
venient that it should come on on Friday or Monday.
He ( Lord J. Russell) thought the only alternative was be-
tween going on, and giving a regular notice of motion ; he
repeated, for himself he wished the debate to be continued.
After a few observations from Sir R. Nous and Mr. C.
LUSIIINGTON, the motion was withdrawn, and the House ad.
journed.

ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING.
(YESTERDAY.)

(From our Second Edition of last night.)

The deputation was received by Lords Melbourne, Glenelg, and
J. Russell, at the official residence of the former, and their numbers filled
the spacious drawing-room.
Mr. BLsta, as Chairman, thanked their Lordships for the courtesy
and promptitude with which they had granted the audience. He
stated that the gentlemen who surrounded him represented the anti.
slavery Societies in all parts of the kingdom. The deputation repre.
sented and embodied the moral and religious feelings of a vast portion
of the populition, and was composed of gentlemen of various denomina-
tions and parties. Their present object was to lay before her Majesty's
Ministers (upon whom the settlement of the question depended) the rea-
sons by which their own minds had been moved ; and if there was any
truth or justice in those reasons—if they were founded on religion and
humanity—ho hoped their Lordships would give their influence
and sanction to the entire and unqualified freedom to the
Negro apprentices and their children—a measure which was calculated
alike to secure the honour and dignity of her Majesty's Government,
and the welfare and happiness of a million of her subjects.
The memorial was then read. It embodied the substance of the reso-
lutions which had been passed at the recent meetings in Exeter Hall,
and which have already appeared in the " Sun."
The Rev. Mr, Burnet, Mr. Sturge, Dr. Greville, and Mr. Jam's of
Birmingham, then addressed their Lordships in support of the allege.
Lions and prayer of the memorial.
Lord MELBOURNE had listened with great attention to the memorial,
which displaye.l great ability, as well as feelings of religion and huma-
nity. He could not but give great weight to the representations which
it contained, as they were the result, not of an ebullition of feeling, but
expressed the deliberate and well considered opinion of a large,
respectable, and religious portion of the community. He need
not assure the deputation that he should rejoice if he could
cancur in the opinions and gratify the wishes of such a body. The
whole course of his own conduct, and that of his cilleagues, entitled
them to claim credit for as great a desire as actuated the memorialists
themselves to accomplish the objects which they had in view. fie wag
not surprised at the conclusion to which many had come on this subject;
but the same justice which he did to others he expected for himself,
and he trusted that they would allow him to exercise his own reason
and judgment in a matter which must be attended with important conse-
quences. Ile begged to advert to what he had said when a deputation, of
which manymembers were now present, waited on him last on this subject.
Ile on that occasion stated that he had great doubts of the policy and wis-
dom of the course which was then proposed, and which was the same as
that proposed on the ?resent occasion. He had now listened with great at-
tention to the representations of Mr. Burnet, and he was sorry he could
not agree with him as to there being no contract between the people of
this country and the Planters. He (Lord M.) thought, on the contrary,
that in the course proposed by the Deputation, it would be great injus-
tice, after the settlement so recently made, to interrupt that settlement
in so abrupt and sudden a manner as proposed. It would be unjust to
those Islands which had adopted regulations, more in the spirit of
the EmancipationlAct, than those adopted in others of the Islands. It
would be unjust to the whole body of the Planters. He admitted
what had been said, that th;.-.. Negroes would ultimately be prepared to
exercise all the rights of freemen. But it was running too great a
hazard to disturb the great experiment which was in progress, and which
on the whole was auspicious'y advancing. With these views—that it
would be unjust, partial, unwise, and not beneficial to the Negroes
themselves, and that it would b_ hazardous to the success of th^ great
cause which lie and they had at heart—he was not prepared to adopt the
course which the Memorial re:ommended.

After some further conversation,
Mr. BLAIR, on the part of the deputation, thanked their Lordships
for the courtesy which they had shown, and the deputation withdrew.
The Delegates returned to Exeter Hall, where, after a long and de.
sultory discussion, in which various courses of future conduct were pro-
posed, the following resolution was unanimously adopted :
"That Lord Melbourne's reply to the Delegation being highly un-
satisfactory, a sut.cummittee be appointed to prepare resolutions to ()Inv
bef ire the meeting of Delegates this evening, at Brown's Hotel, at seven
o'clock."
It was then recommended by Mr. G. Tuomrso-i, that every Delegate
should write, by this night's post, to his constituents, and rouse them
to exertion, which was received with great applause.
The meeting then separated at five o'clock.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

(YESTERDAY.)

(From our Secondon of last night.)
HULL.
The Committee met at eleven o'clock.
The cross-examination of Mr. Rollit was again proceeded in by Mr.
AUSTIN, in order to prove that Mr. Dryden was the agent of Sir Walter
James and Mr. Wilberforce.
Mr. WItANGIIANI objected to this course of examination as irrelevant,
for if the voter (John Savage) was bribed by Mr. Dryden, the vote WAS
had, whether the sitting Mc ::hers were present at the time or not.
Mr. Auvisa submitted that lie was entitled t. go into this examination
so three grounds—first, with reference to any circumstances connected
with the election which might lead to impeach the credit of the wit-
ness ; secondly, to show that Mr. Dryden was the agent of the sitting
Members, and that he was deeply coecerned in the illegal part of the
election ; and thirdly, that he was entitled to go into evidence on the
eross.examination of the witnesses on the other side, to affect the sitting
Members.
The Committee decided that the cross-examination should proceed.
The witness was then called, and examined at some length as to his
connection with the different Committee.rooms,and the individuals whom
he had seen there.
The questions were very frequently objected t. by the Counsel for
the sitting
Members, and the room was cleared several times, the Cern-
rn ech time deciding in favour of the petitioners.
T'he
examination did not conclude until nearly three o'clock, when
t
Mr. Witaxenam proceeded to
.sum up the evidence, commenting on
the contradictions given by Rolla to the statements of the voter, whose
story he characterised as a complete falsehood from beginning to end.
The Learned Gentleman had just concluded his address, at foe r
o'clock, when the Committee adjourned.
