IRISH WOOL.

The Annual Sale of IMPROVED Igisit Woor,
was held at the Dublin Farming Society House, Summer-Hill,
on 22d and 23d October, of which the following Summary will
afford our Readers some information as to the extent of the
Sale, the Quality and Value ; the Lots selected will also give
the average price of the different species contained in them.
The number of Fleeces sent by Lord Lismore exceeded that of
any other. Proprietor; the Earl of Mount Cashel appears to be
the second on the catalogue. When it is considered that such
a large portion of Ireland is admirably fitted by nature for the
pasture of Sheep, which produce Wool of the finest description,
and that it is at present in most instances neglected and unpro-
ductive, perhaps an hope may be indulged, that from the im-
proving spirit of the age, and the exertions of the different
Farming Societies of the Country, this national object will re-
ceive increased attention from the Landed Proprietors, tending,
as it must, to advance their own interest, benefit their tenantry,
and promote the encouragement of Irish Manufactures.

Total number of Fleeces sold

10,01

iFleues

Sold for account of
Lord Lismoie Merino, Ist quality
Do. - do. - -
Do. - do. - - .
Do. - Merino cross, Ist qual.
Do. - do. - -
Do. - Merino cross, unwashed
Do. - Irish - -
Do. - Merino Lambs -
Do. - • Broken and Skin Wool
Sold for account of
Earl Mountcashell, Merino Wool, 4th cross'
Do. - do. - -
Do. - do. - -
Do. - do. •• - -
Do. . - Merino, 3d and 4th cross
Do. - Merino on Leicester
Do. - Merino Wool -
Do. - do. - -
Sold for account of
Earl of Shannon South Down -
Do. - do. - -
Do. - Culls - -
' Sold for account of
lion. It. Hare South Do,wn, Ist quality
Do. - - do. - -
Do. - do. - -

185
189
18(;
112
110

687
711
715
471
448
248

Price.
s. (I.

2 5
2 5

2 3
1 5
1 6
2 4
1 4

2 0
1 10
2 0
1 11
1 10
1 5
2 3
2 3

1 11
111
1 4

1 9
1 7
1 9

SINGULAR INSTANCES OF CONSANGUINITY.—III a vil-
lage adjoining the City of Bath, there are now living, in one
house only, four persons, who are related to each other in not
less than eighteen different degrees of consanguinity ! viz. one
brother, one sister, two mothers, two daughters, one uncle, one
great uncle, one father, one husband, one wife, two nieces, one
grand-niece, one grandmother, one nand-daughter, one mo-
ther-in-law, one son-in-law, one sister-in-law, one aunt, and
two first cousins.—The two eldest members of the family are
brother and sister by the same father and mother, who are.both
dead. The sister has a daughter, who is married to her uncle.
1 her own mother's brother, and by her uncle the daughter has a
daughter.—The names of the family are John, Salley, Grace,
and Ann.—John is brother and son-in-law to Salley, husband
and uncle to Grace, and father and great uncle to Ann ; Salley
is sister and mother-in-law to John, mother and sister-in-law to
Grace and grand-mother and aunt to Ann • Grace is daughter
to Sall '
Salley,. niece and wife to John, and mother and first cousin
to Ann ; Ann is_daughter to John and Grace, grand-daughter
to Salley, grand-niece to John, first cousin to Grace, and niece
to Salley-,

New York Papers arrived this morning to•the
27th, and Boston Papers to the 28th October.

(From the New York Paper of the 26th October.]

HEA LTH OF NORFOLK.-The Norfolk Board
of Health has issued a proclamation, dated 22d
October, assuring the public that they may re-
new their intercourse with the town without the
least danger ; there had been no attack of malig-
nant fever later than the 13th instant.
HEALTH OF ALEXANDRIA,-The Mayor of
Alexandria announces, that one case of malig-
nant fever had been reported within the twenty-
four hours ending on the 21st instant.
II rAurn OF BALTINIO nr.—The Baltimore Board
of Health informs the public, that owing to the
severe frosts in the nights of the 17th, 18th, 19th;
and 20th inst., the malignant fever has entirely
disappeared, no deaths having occurred from it
since the 18th instant ; they advise all persons to
return to their homes. The daily reports are to
be discontinued.

[From the Boston Paper of the 27th October.]

PENSACOLA, SEPT. 22.—Capt. FERRAND, from
New Orleans, states) that the St. Stephen, JONES,
and the Washington, MAYNE, of New Orleans,
and the Bright Phoebus, of this place, were lost
in the storm of Sunday last. Capt. F. reports,
that all on board the Washington perished ; on
board the St. Stephen and Bright Phcebus no
lives were lost.

[From the Montreal Paper of the Oth October.]

We understand that the survey required by
the 6th article of the Treaty of Ghent has been
completed last season by the Commission, super-
intended by Mr. BAzr.r.y ; that the Commis-
sioners of both nations agreed to meet at lirica
on the 23d ult., for the purpose of comparing the
results of their respective operations, but that
our Commissioner having fallen sick, their ren-
dezvous was altered, and shifted to New York,
where •it has produced nothing decisive of the
boundary line, which must, therefore, be sub-
mitted to the arbitration of some friendly Sove-

reign.

The Washington City Gazette supposes the
amount of claims presented to the Commissioners
on Spanish Spoliations to be 15,000,000 dollars,
and that it is hardly possible 5,000,000 dollars
can pay the principal of actual losses embraced
by the Treaty. The whole number of memorials
already presented exceeds 500.
BURLINGTON, 0 CT. s.—Lumber Trade.—Since
the prohibition of American lumber in the Cana-
dian market, many of the adventurous Gentle-

men are very wisely turning their attention to
the Southern home market. Several contracts,
we understand, have already been entered into
for planks, and we anticipate that many more
will speedily be made.

It is excessively painful to read the accounts
of continued outrages with which the Irish papers
abound. We have inserted in another column
the particulars of a few of those atrocious scenes
into which the infatudted peasantry have been
betrayed. By accounts from the town of Mal-
19w, it appears that the disturbances in its vici-
nity are far from being abated. The military
force there has, however, been augmented by
the Staff of the North Cork Militia, consisting of
about 96 effective men. A band of Ribbonmen, it
appears, has been enconntered by the mill la ry, and

put to flight with loss: The brave resistance of
the Rev. HENRY B EVAN, of Bruree,to the party of
marauders who attacked his house will be read
with admiration. We hope his courageous ex-
ample will be generally followed. Government,
determined not to overlook the disturbances, or,
allow them to be committed with impunity, had
issued a Proclamation, appointing an extraordi-
nary establishment of Police in the two Baronies
where the tuwultuary and lawless spirit had
principally manifested itself.

THE IRISH YOTIKSHIRE.—A. most numeroaS
and dignified meeting of the Magistrates of the
extensive County of Cork has been held at But.'
tenant, where the Hon. RICHARD HARE, M.P.,r
having been called to the Chair, the disturbances
of the neighbourhood were fully discu3sed in the
presence of Lord AYLMER, the Irish Adjutant-
._
who came down by order of the Lour,
LIEUTENANT ; and it was resolved, That the
state of that part of the country did not re,
quire the aid of the Police Bill, but that
any attempt towards lawless conduct could
be substantially defeated by the activity and
firmness of the Magistrates, the loyalty of the

inhabitants, and the military force in the neigh-1
bourhood, upon all of whom the most decided
confidence might be placed ; and therefore they
thought it advisable to decline the inter-'
ference of the Police.—lf the Magistrates and the
Inhabitants of the other parts of the country
would thus unite, all would be well.—We can
also state that at Listowel, in Kerry, where Lord
Viscount ENNISMORE has very large estates, and
which adjoin the county of Limerick, every thing
is in the most tranquil state.

There is nothing, at the present moment, of
greater interest and importance than correct in-f
formation respecting the state of Ireland, and
particularly as relates to the religious, moral,
and political sentiments and feelings of its popu-

lation,—to its real distresses or imaginary griev-
ances,—and to its natural resources and capabili-
ties for sustaining its inhabitants in comfort and
security, and for developing their faculties in
such a manner as to give the most advantageous
direction to their physical energies and intellec-
tual powers.

Notwithstanding the vast importance of the
Sister Island to the grandeur, strength, and inte-
grity of the Empire, notwithstanding its
geographical proximity to England, and the simi-
larity of a great portion of its people to those of
this island, in their religion, .their language,
their manners, and national character, and not:-
withstanding the calamities to which for centu-
ries they have been subject, in consequence of
the injurious influence of some untoward, though
hitherto, perhaps, undiscovered circumstances, in
its political constitution, or in the peculiar frame
of society which has been produced by its con-
quest and colonization by England,—we are
ashamed to say, that so little interest has beer
excited by its value to the State, so little spy
pathy by the consanguinity of its people to the
EngliSh nation, and so little commiseration 14
their sufferings, that the people of Great Bri
tain are- generally more ignorant of its past his.
tory and present condition, than they are of tb
discovery and colonization, and of the existing
circumstances, of the most distant and coinpara
tively insignificant . dependencies of the Britisl
Crown.
There are, of course,. many reasons for sup
posing that Government is: in possession of rnor,
extensive and more correct information respect
ing Ireland than has hitherto been obtained
the public, though, from the little attentiol
which has been paid to the concerns of this vita
part of the Ilritish:dominions, by such persons a
are best qualified for conducting an accurate. in
vestigation into all the peculiarities of its condi
tion, even the Government . may possibly h
deprived of the additional lights which migt
arise from frequent discussions, and froM that se
vere scrutiny to which conflicting statements ar
usually subjected .by the advocates of contend
ing parties, when the public evinces a dispositio
to attend to their disquisitions,
Deeply impressed, as.we are, by a convictio
that no permanently advantageous change can
effected in the situation of Ireland, until at lea
the nature and character of its population sha
have been ascertained, we present to our Reade
this day, with unfeigned pleasure, the letter
44 SIDNEY," written. by.a Gentleman who Ic
been much distinguished by his enlightened vie
of Irish affairs, and by the accurate and laborie
researches which he has frequently institute
for the purpo3e of establishing or disprovio
many of those Confide'tit allegations that ha
been advanced respecting them, and which. t!
apathy of the Public has too. generally receiT'
without due examination.
The present valuable communication of "
NEV") ju:Alj complains" of the excessive

gerations and misrepresentations of the Catholics,
—misrepresentations which the Irish Press, either
from secret influence, or equally culpable indiffe-
rence, seems to take no pains to counteract.
God forbid, that in our zeal for the stability
of the Protestant Religion, ancrfor the preserva-
tion of those principles of civil and religious
liberty with which the ascendancy of that Reli-
gion in these realms is so intimately identified,
we should be betrayed into any expressions really
offensive to the fair and candid feelings of the
Roman Catholics, or disrespectful to the distin-
guished individual connected with the Irish Ad-
ministration, whose sentiments are supposed to
have influenced the present policy of Govern-
ment toward the Romanists, and to have pro-
duced that dangerous reliance on the tranquil
disposition of the Popish peasantry, which is
known to have prevailed up to the breaking out
of the existing disturbances.—A sense of public
duty, however, compels us to observe, that some
of the allegations of the Catholics, as is clearly
shewn by " SIDNEY," have been put forth with
a view to deceive Government and the country,—
that the policy recently pursued toward the Ca-
tholics, particularly as regards their pretensions
to what they term emancipation, and as to flat-
tering their hopes of that which never can be
granted consistently with the Coronation Oath of
the Sovereign, or with the fundamental princi-
ples of the Constitution, has been temporizing
and weak,—and that the reliance placed upon
the dispositions of the people, from the supposed
gratitude which that temporizing policy was be-
lieved to have excited, might have proved fatal
to the best interests, and even to the integrity, of
the Empire.

We confess, for our own part, that assertions
have been so often and so confidently repeated
as to the overwhelming numerical superiority of
the Irish Romanists over the Irish Protestants,
that, (uncontradicted as they have been either by
temporal or spiritual authority), we are far from
being surprised that they should have obtained
general credence in this country.—We are far
from being surprised that many persons, who.
Would otherwise have been decidedly adverse to
the Catholic claims, have been induced to lend
a favourable ear to demands which they have
been led to believe are the demands of nearly a
whole people !—We are far from being surprised
that some of those who would have recoiled from
a Proposition to entrust Papists with authority
Over a population essentially Protestant, have
been induced to admit the justice and propriety
°f permitting Romanists to exercise power over a
Malation which they have been falsely assured
is essentially Popish!
Fr°n] the past history of Popery, from its pre-
sent unyielding and intolerant tenets, and from
the gross ignorance and fanaticism of the vast
rnaj°rity of its disciples, (at least in Ireland,)
we have, and always have had, too certain and
too melancholy evidence, that however its perse-
cuting spirit may be quenched in the breasts of
its more enlightened and liberal professors,
the body, as a whole, are utterly unfit to be
entrusted with power over, or influence in, the
affairs of a Protestant Community. In the fero-
cious domination of the Turks, we have an existing
Pr°of of the atrocities to which a religion, arro-
gating to itself infallibility, and pretending to the
sole distinction of Divine Truth, while it abhors
all other religions as damnable heresies or the in-
ventions of infidelity, is from its very nature
.sertain to give birth. There are, it is true, many
Itoman Catholics, who would themselves revolt
with horror from the practical consequences which
must flow from the doctrines of their church,
whenever their church, for the promotion of its
iuwo interests or views, shall think proper to al-
w to those doctrines their practical effect; and it
inLequally true that there are some few enlightened
aitometatts, who are appalled at the desolating
and destroying fury with which the professors of
their
I.' faith trample upon the rights and feelings
fe.ilman nature. Until, however, not only a
,
hut the whole mass of the believers in MA-
tio") shall have been humanized by civiliza-
k 4, and liberalized by the dissemination of
i_
nawledge, it is obvious that the benevolent feel-
fnags of the few must yield to the ferocity of the
i_natic multitude ; and until the benignant and to-
lerant spirit of true Christianity shall have induced
e mass of the Romap Catholics to view their
protestant brethren with the feelings of Chris-
till charity and Christian love, it will be unsafe
entrust them, however sincere may he the pro-
fessions
h and declarations of some of their number,
Wit
,tne opportunity of again manifesting their
attacornent to principles which bold the human
mind in slavery, and their proneness to practices
Wi n‘cril the human heart sickens to contemplate.
iebi' hen Mahometanism shall have acquired ce-
fe ritY by the practical benevolence of its pro-
_as sors, s,its totemporal authority over Christians
Y be endured without a groan ; and when
LoPery shall have become as distinguished as
;le Protestant Church of England, for the mild-
in_ss and moderation of its character, Protestants
.w7i, safely admit Papists to a full participation
themselves in the exercise of temporal
oitu
a4l" er."---But when these two changes shall have
cLived, the religions of Mahomet anti of the
Seunua rch of Rome must, as respects their pre-
exi! Character and effects, have ceased to
at amongst mankind.
