COURT OF CHANCERY.

The Lords Commissioners (the Master of the Rolls and
Mr. Justice Bosanquet) entered the Court this morning at
ten o'clock, and after disposing of some matters of no im-
portance, retired to their Lordships' private room, for the
purpose of hearing a motion in the case of Shirley v. Lord
Ferrers. At twelve o'clock their Lordships returned into
open Court.

THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. THE SOCIETY FOR THE EDI -

CATION OF NEGRO SLAVES.

Mr. WIGRAM in this matter applied for a reference to the
Master to approve of a new scheme for the better regula-
tion and distribution of the funds of the charity. About a
century ago a sum of money had been bequeathed for the
conversion and education of negro slaves in the colonies.
The money was invested in property in the city of London,
and the proceeds applied according to the intentions of the
testator in the conversion and education of slaves on the
continent of America up to the declaration of independence
by the United States, when a new appropriation became
necessary, and a scheme was finally approved of under
which a society, called the Society for the education of
Negro slaves in the West India Colonies, was incorporated
by charter, and to that society was entrusted the manage-
ment and distribution of the income of the estates, which
was very considerably increased, and which amounted to an
annual sum of two thousand three hundred pounds and up-
wards. A new difficulty had, however, now arisen. By
the late Act of the Legislature there were no longer any
persons called Negro slaves in the West India colonies ;
slavery had ceased, and it became necessary, not only to
have a new charter, but also a new scheme, as although the
old scheme included free persons of colour, a doubt was en-
tertained whether the words could be understood as extend-
ing to the great mass of the negro population in their pre-
sent condition. The Learned Counsel was therefore in-
structed to apply for a reference generally to the Master.
Their LORDSHIPS were of opinion that there must be a
general reference to the Master, and it was directed accord-
ingly.
