'willingly submit to the irksomeares's of con-
iinement, or the comparative slavery of a
life of daily labour. Hence it would appear
proper to confine this right to the occupiers of the
soil whose culture has afforded the game food
and shelter, and who must have sustained losses
in consequence thereof. And through the occu-
piers of the soil the right must be extended to
the owners from whom the occupiers claim, in
all cases where, by the express words of a
lease, the right of sporting is especially reserv-
ed. When the right to the possession of land by
occupation gave place to rights by the force of
law, conveyances and wills, the game on the land
would have followed the possession of the
land, but for the circumstance that as wild
animals are constantly changing from one
place to another, the law could not assign
an owner in whom the property might vest. It

therefore gave it to the first taker, but it cannot
be unjust to deprive a person of the right of
being the first taker of game, any more than it was
unjust to abolish tenure by occupation, a tenure,
which, however, in certain cases of estates held for
the life of another person, did partially exist up
to the commencement of the reign of George 11.
The right therefore of- taking game being con-
fined to the occupiers or owners of the soil, the

uext question is, as to the qualification to k

game. If idleness were the evil dreaded in the
case of unrestrained liberty to kilt game where-
soever found, by persons other than • the occu-
piers or owners of the soil, the evil is equally to
he dreaded, in the case of the owners of soil nol
amounting to a certain annual value ; and there.
fore whilst the liberty of taking game found upon
their own land might be conceded to them,
they ought to be restrained from killing game
on another's land, even with his permission.
11. •
vmg endeavoured to justify the principle on
which the Game Laws are enacted, we must, as
befo
re said, abandon them on the ground of
ale"rity. It should never be forgotten that these
aws are administered in almost every instance
solel
bY persons deeply interested in seeing them
executed
with precision. Without meaning to
it fl
ton the Magistracy in the remotest degree,
‘,.! notorious fact that the character of an in-
Co 41 (when on his trial for an offence no way
Connected with '
game)
is taken into considera-
fe-r:' and Punishment awarded, not with re-
-nee to the
offence of which he is convicted but
Lo reference to h abilities is
Sorel then, as a poacher.
l
little less severity in the law, and
ucti :ten, a
m ore wh'oadm responsibility on the part of those
mst
visahle, weer tl e
aw 7
run towo
first intended au greater length than
further
, have we at
and Id be altogether ad-
remarks for)anothewrilol ptphoerrteufnoirtey. defer our

thisaAla erman p
pers to the sth May came to hand
troop TheY brhim us accounts from Coustan-
Letters"Ple no way favourable to the Greek cause.
from Berlin give the intelligence of the
intention of the Government of Norway to re-
duce the interest of the Loan contracted for by
13RNEcKE, Brothers in Berlin, in 1820, at 5 per
tent. This looks something like a breach of good
Earth ea the in part of Norway, for the term ori-
ally ensured to these Contractors was 28
Yetlrs. We give the following extracts
CONSTANTINOPLE, Apnu. 10.
Authentic accounts are hourly
expected relative to the land-
1t4:4 of Ibrahim Pacha in the lllorea. Aleantime, it continues
Ibe affirmed, that Calomata and Navarino are in his posses-
°n' (14, and that Missolonghi is already invested ; but th
Ikee°llnta received by European vessels positively affirme lastthat
btihink was near 3lodon, and was there entrenching himself,
the ,
°ltt being hindered by the Greeks.—The preparations fo naval campaign are completed, and the fleet will sail in a
few
(14Ys• A magnificent frigate was launched yesterday
Illidst the acclamations of the people. The Captain Pacha
*ill hoist his flag in it.

BERLIN, APRIL 25.
It is said that his Majesty has assigned the sum of 100,000
the to to General Zarstrow, who is to attend the coronation of
e:ing of France, to defray the expences of his mission.
in Ice Norwegian Loan, contracted for by Benecke, Brothers
ftonle.,tlin, in 1820, at 5 per cent., which in five years has risen
yea 40 to above par, is to be paid ofF on the Ist August, this
t) at one e,instead of in the time of 28 years. The Norwe-
this ‘lolernMent, it seems, has secured the means of making
re-PaYlnent by contracting a new loan at very low interest.
COPENHAGEN, APRIL 21.
14cinititl from Iceland to the middle of March say, that they
At a long and severe winter, which began in September.
Ithi ge beginning of January there were dreadful hurricanes,
wore followed by inundations in several parts of ther_
(lets • Several shocks of an earthquake were also felt in vo
444°340, and on the 20th January a very smart one in Sudev.
lonia (This is about the same time that Santa Maura, in the
vole Islands, was destroyed by an earthquake). Many tra-
4141_'IC th and shepherds perished in the heavy snow, which fell
e violent storms in Norderland.
Th,

1411 'e expected accounts of the landing o f
PAcnA in the Morea arrived at a lat e
418 this morning by the Flanders Mail. They
the ce the success of the attempt. We submit
1711 to the attention of our readers

TA
he .
SMYRNA, APRIL 1.
tro
ght ustrian schooner the Arethusa, which has just arrived,
ti the fou .
4c lb . 'Lowing news :
411un Pacha, after landing at 1410 don with the first divi-
