JaatEs L. HILTON, Esq., in the chair.

The CHAIRMAN, in commencing the business of the
day, observed that he fit deeply the compliment they had
paid him in calling him to the chair on that important
occasion, more espechrly when he saw opposite to him
the worthy custos of Trelawny. He congratulated the
meeting, and the island at large, on the respectabi-
lity and strer4th of the present assemblage, which he
hope.] would come to such resolutions as would do honour
to the island of Jamaica.—(Cheers.) He would du his
duty with the utmost impartiality, and if any gentleman
had come prepared will] resolutions, be hoped they would
be submitted to the consideration of the meeting ; but he
anticipated there would be hut little r•ecasion for discus-
sion, as he was sure there was no difference of opi .ion
among any gentlemen present as to the necessity and ex-
perliercy of the Union. They all knew the full object
which it had in view, as it had been expressed in the
resolutions entered into at the different parochial meet-
inn which were on the table before him. He could

not conclude without adverting to the many questions
that had Leen put to him, as Path r of tie Union, as
to what n-ere the duties required of the members ;
he had con mitt. d to writing what he considered them
to be, and which he would read, viz.—First, to
supp,ot the Established Churches of England and
Sc,nLnd. Second!), to expel the sectarians, and other
incendiaries, from the island. He said other incendiaries,
bectose there are men not clothed in the garb of religion,
who are premulgating treason and rebellion, and who are
enrolled in the ranks of our bitterest enemies. Thirdly,
to give no etnployment to any of their proselytes. Fourthly,
to hold every man an enemy who fosters or encourages
th.nt. It is requisite to do se', that they should be taught
to feel that they will not be a lowed to foster these canters
to the destrue,ion of the island. Ile was sure that if this
resolution were strictly adhered to, they would drive them
away. Fifthly, to be ready and prompt in assembling on
every r quisiie ore ohm. This was a most important
pal t ; and it had afforded him considerable gratification to
witness the immense number th it had gatherrd together in
24 hours on a recent eceasion in Sr. Ann'. ; and he
trusted that a sinii!ar alacri.y would he every where dire-
plated whenever it shou'd prove necessary. Sixthly, to
ri-k their lives in expelling the enemies of tl.e country.
And, finally, to strain every nerve to preserve this island
to our Gracious Sovereign King William the Fourth.
These I e considered as the principal duties of the Mcmbets
of the C..lonia, Union, and I! licpeil every man prey. ot
would act up to them.—(l,ll.l cheers).

Ti.e flon. \V. iNiIf.LEIL then ri.wl a series of resolutions.
eobtlerl a solemn declaration of the Union.
Dr. NEILsoN and Dr. Lawson, jun., aho read rese-

lutions.

Some desultory ennrcrsltion then ensued, which ended
in appointing a Sub-Committee, for the purpose of pre-
paring resolutions for the cons.deration of the meeting.
Previous to tie appointment of the Sub-Committee,
Mr. H. BROWN rose and moved, that a letter, which
had ken sent from the King's House, to the custos of St.
Ann'-, for the purl ose of intimidating them, be read. This
was carried be acclamation, and the Hon. Gentleman pro-
re•sded to read the letter, which was as follows:
" King's House, JuTy 12.

" am directed by his Honour the President,
administering the Government, to acquaint you, that having
observed in the public prints certain resolutions entered
into on the Itith of June, at a meeting of the Colonial
Church Uoion at Ann's Bay, the second of which par-
ticularly attrac•ed hi. Honour's notice, he felt it his duty
to call the attk ntion of the Attorney- General to the subject
generally.
" The opin;on of the Attorney-General being, that in
the original objert of this Union be sees nothing illegal, but
that tie second of the resolutions above ;Aided to is illegal,
Lis Honour subinittel this report to his Council ; and I
am commanded by his Honour to call upon you to admo-
nish the patties who have entered into the re.clution stated
to be illegal, and his Honour expects you will take proper
steps to prevent any hr. ach of the peace ensuing on such
resolution.

" I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant,

~ W. G. MINES.

" Costos or, Senior M.gistrate, St. Ann'6."

Mr. BROWN continua'—So then we are to be admo-
nished foracoth ! The paper pretends to have been written
to prevent any breach of the peace but it was solely
me ant to intimidate the.m, and prevent them from entering
in•o ri solutions ; but the Preside nt would fine! himself
vet y much mistaken, for they would not be intimideved by
such nonsense.—(Cheers.)
Mr. WATT—I hope no one in this house cares one straw
for that letter„—(Cheers.)
The Sub-Committee was !hen appointed, and retired for
the purpoq: of framing resolutions. After an alnence of
an hour and a half, they returned, and,tlee so'emn decla-
ration they drew up was, after acme verbal amendments,
unanimously agreed to.
Mr. H. BROWN said, that a circumstance came to leis
kteevledge a few drys ago, which he considered was de-
serving of the utmost pull city. In Clarendon nn sects-
ien of any description had ever once got a footing ; they
often tried to get in, hut never could accomplish i:; in
consequence, not a single negro in that parish was impli-
cated in the late rebellion—not one slowed any symptoms
of insubordina!ion He had learned this fart frotn the ju-
nior M.uil her for Clarendon, Mr.Tuin,r, and if :MA did not
show the guilt of the sectarians, he (Mr. Brown) knew
not what would.

Mr. IJIr.TON suggested that the committees of the dif-
ferent poishes should take upon themselves to send evies
of the resolutions to ditErent persnns in their respective
parishes fur the purpose of obtaining signatures. This
suggestion was acted upon.
'The llor, W. Mil!er was added to the standing corn-
milee of the Tielawny Union.
Th.nki were then voted to the Chairmin, and the
meeting srparated.

At the meeting of the Middlesex Magistrates
on Thursday, a ground plan and proposed elev.&on for
the houses of a spacious s•reet, to he formed in continua-
tion of Farringdon-str,t, ti l it entered by nearly a right
bite into the North Road at lsling:on, were submitted to
the Court by the County Surveyor, Mr. Mos&LEY. The
street would get rid of those sinks of infa,y, ii!th, and
squalid wretchedness which &,ound about Fidl lane and
Saffron-hill ; and as such parts of the Fleet ditch in those
neighbourhoods which remained open would ha arched
over, all future dread of malaria from that turbid, filthy
stream would he removed. AM the houses are mostly de.
cayed, and producing low rentals, it is estimated that
their purchase, after an al,t of Parliament was o'.tained,
would not exc•teel 149 000/. ; and that the sale of the old
materials, and the ele‘red sites tor the erection of the pro-
jected buildings along the line of the new street, would
prduce about 91.,000/. The houses, it is proposed, should
be requited to be hui:t within a certain time, and upon a
specified plan. Of the remaining sum necessary to the
carrying the ptoject into effect, it is calculated that the
Middlesex Magistrates in their public capacity, and the
parishes along the line of road, would contribute portions.
The benefit to the parish., is obvious, a, it would at once
remove a heavy burden from the li:du-rubs, and ,apply
an
iucteased and resErctable inliat,itancy.

LO NDON,
SATURDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 15, ISS2.

We are enabled to state, upon undoubted
authority, that the statements which have been
made in the private correspondence from Brits-
published by some of our Contemporaries,
relative to the negociations on the subject of
Holland and Belgium►, are entirely unfounded.
The real state of the question is this. Genera
GOBLET, after hearing from the Conference diet
propositions which it was intended to make to
the Kings of HOLLAND and BELGIUM, left
London for Brussels for the purpose of laying
them before LEOPOLD. The Conference itna-
gine (with what degree of reason we know not)
that General GOBLET sill support mcst of these
propositions ; but as regards Holland, they are
yet without the slightest fact to enable them to
rorm an opinion as to the probable. course of the
Dutch KING. An offici4l communication from
Lord PALMERSTON, in the name of the Con-
ference, has been sent to the Hague, and the
answer is expected to arrive in the course of the
next week.

A Morning Paper has published a letter from
Oporto, in which an estimate is given of the
monthly expenditure of the Portuguese Regency
for the maintenance of the army. It is not our
object to dispute the accuracy of this statement,
which, however, is inaccurate in many respects ;
but we must remark on the silence which the
Oporto correspondent observes as to the neces-
sary demands upon the treasury of MIGUEL.
If Don PEDRO is called on to pay 50,0001. per
month for the support of 8,000 troops of the
line, what must be the demands on Don MIGUEL,
who has in one place or other more than 30,000
under arms ? hitherto plunder has supplied in
a great measure the absence of. regular pay, but
plunder is nearly at an end, and the Usurper
must either find money for his troops, or be
compelled to sec them abandon his standard and
join the enemy, or rettnn to their homes. We
may, therefore, inquire into the compaytive
means of the co•npetitors for the crown, for pro-
longing a contest which is necessarily so expen-
sive to both. Don MIGUEL has lost that part
of his dominions from which he has hitherto
had the greater portion of the sinews of war,
and his: tyranny and exactions have so indis-
posed and incapacitated other districts to assist
him, that he cannot expect to obtain much from
their. hitherto the priests have been liberal
contributors, but their treasures are nearly ex-
hausted, and the moment they perceive the
slightest chance of the Usurper's defeat, they will
withdraw their, aid. Money he has had from
Spain, but the Spanish treasury is now almost as
empty as his own. Austria, too, it is said, has

given J►er mite in support of the "sacred cause ;"
but Austria has now quite enough to do to find
money for the pay of a standing army to keep
down constitutional opinions at home. The
financial situation of 111 IGUEL is not, therefore,
a flourishing one ; and if PEDRO can maintain
his ground in Oporto for another month, we
predict, without pretending to the prophetic
rowels of Mr. iklooßE, that, although not very
rich, lie will be able to count dollars with the
" pet of the convents," Don MiGuEL.

It will be admitted, we think, that _MIGUEL
has no chance of raising money in the way of
loan, his credit being entirely gone. PEDRO is
d ifferently circumstanced in this respect. He hasa
loan contract in hand, in which he has received
only 13 per cent., and if he can hold his
ground, it is not probable that those who have
advanced so much, will hesitate to secure his
success and their own by advancing more. Bat
he has another source of which, in extremity, he
may avail himself, according to the usages of
war. The Oporto Wine Company, one of the
most obnoxious monopolies in Europe, and a
combination against liberty of every kind, are
known to have voluntarily assisted the Usurper
in his proceedings against the party of the legi-
timate QUEEN. These gentlemen have fled,
leaving in their cellars at Oporto, it is said,
nearly 15,000 pipes of wine, worth, we should
suppose, between 3 and 400,0001. A new
board of directors has been appointed, and we
have no doubt that if PEDRO should be driven
hard for money, they will consent to his borrow-
ina on the security of those wines. Were he to
confiscate them altogether, he would only follow
the example which the Usurper has set in
other cases ; but without confiscation, he may
make the property in question available for im-
mediate exigencies, and pay over the fair value
on having obtained for his daughter the restitu-
tion of her just rights. Thus, with all his diffi-
culties, PEDRO is not so destitute of resources
as his brother, and if money is to decide the
contest, he will win.

The West Indians are giving a pretty sample
of the favour in which they hold the gradual
amelioration scheme. At a late public meeting,
held in Jamaica, on the subject of the Baptists
and Sectarians, they passed, among others equally
violent, the following insulting declaration :
" We, the undersigned, most solemnly declare,
that we are resolved, at the hazard of our
not to suffer any Baptist or other sectarian
preacher or teacher, or any person professedly
belonging to those sects, to preach or to teach
in any house in towns, or in any districts of
the country where the influence of the Colonial
Union extends ; and this we do,—maintaining
the purest loyalty to his Majesty King WIL-
LIAM the FOURTH, as well as the highest vene-
ration for the established religion, in defence of
social order, and in strict conformity with the
laws f,mr the preservation of the public peace—to
shield this portion of his MAJESTY'S island of
Jamaica against insurrection and future destruc-
tion."—What monstrous inconsistency is here!
What a farrago of cant, impudence, and malig-
nity ! The West Indians, it seems, have " the
highest veneration for the established religion ;"
yet, notwithstanding this surpassing reverence,
they are resolved, " at the hazard of their lives,"
to prevent the Word of God and the pure principles
of Christianity being disseminated among their
negroes. Religion, they think, is a monopoly
which should be kept in the hands of the re-
spectable, and not given away to such vile animals
as slaves, whose souls (if they have any) are neither
worth the trouble of salvation or damnation.
To encourage a free trade in piety, is to tamper
with the rights of the West Indian slave•onncr's
pockets, told this, of course, he looks on as the
acme of injustice and blasphemy. You might
just as well preach to a post as preach to such
' a man about the rights of his fellow-men,
or the imperative decrees of Christianity.
If he be a layman, he laughs outright in
your face; if a churchman, he checks,.out of
respect to his calling, his inclination to a
sardonic grin, but the very instant your back is
turned, runs off; by way of comment on your
remonstrances, to rub pepper into the eyes.of
his female slave, and gratify his auriculars by the
music of her groans. What a libel on Chris-
tianity is this system of slavery ! What a blot
on the character of the age that endures it !
Yet, strange to say, it is not without its advo-
cates, even among those who in every other re-
spect are good men and good citizens—so deaf;
blind, end senseless are people apt to be to
every question which at all wounds the sensibilities
of the pocket ! Time slave system is a sacrifice
of virtue, feeling, religion, justice, and morality,
on the bloAy altar of :tfor.ocm. It is an ac-
cursed holocaust, which every instinct of nature
teaches us to shrink from with horror. Yet few
people regard it in this light. By the majority
it is argued as a dull, trite, matter of pounds,
shillings, and pence, as if human flesh and blood
we;e fair articles of barter.

An express has been received to-day from
Paris, bringing the morning and evening papers
of Thursday, and private letters of the same
date. The papers, as usual, are very barren of
news. The KING has held several Cabinet
Councils, at which Count SEBASTIAN! and
Marshal SOULT have attended, but nothing is
yet fixed as to the new Ministry, or the meeting
of the Chambers. M. DUPIN, M. TRIERS,
M. GUIzOT, and M. DECAZES are the parties
now named to form a new Administration, as the
juste-milieu have lost the power they once
had in the Cabinet, and an Ultra-Liberal Mi-
nistry is likely to replace them, if the KING
wishes to regain a little of the popularity he once
had. The National persists in asserting that
LOUIS PHILIPPE has entered into a sort of
compromise with the Carlist party, as he begins
to feel the burden and anxiety of a throne, and
has even expressed that he envies the name his
son now bears, aq, when Duke of ORLEANS,
he had no cares, and lived happy in his retire.
meat.

Don MIGUEL'S agents have been completely
defeated in obtaining a loan for their Royal

Master, whose coffers must be nearly empty.
There appears a general reluctance amongst the
monied men to have anything to do with him or
his agents.
General RomARINO has left for Nantes, where
he is expected to be joined by a number of other
patriots, who will immediately sail for Oporto to
join Don PEDRO. A great quantity of am►nu-
nition and other warlike stores, as well as cavalry
horses, have been sent for shipment at Bout deaux,
for the same destination.

That brave guerilla and patriotic chief, Gene-
ral MINA, has departed for Bayonne ; his plans
remain a perfect secret.
The news from Spain is rather important.
It appears that Don MIGUEL has applied in
a very urgent manner to his uncle, the beloved
FERDINAND, to immediately assist him by
money and troops, which request has been de-
►►ied by the Count D'ALcurnA, who strongly re-
presented to his MAJESTY that if he attempted in
any way to assist Do❑ MIGUEL against Don
PEDRO, he must be prepared to make war with
France an►l England, as the British Ambasador
had seen hin► on the subject, and nositively de-
clared, that the English Government, although
they had not yet recognized Queen DONNA
MARLA as Queen of Portugal, would not
allow the least interference on the part of Spain
in the present contest in Portugal, and the
entry of any of her troops would be the signal
for war. FERDINAND became furious at this
objection on the part of his Minister. The
Camarilla party is trying every intrigue to have
CA LOMA RDE re-appointed in his stead. Troops
had been o►dered to march towards Ciudad
Rodrigo, but merely as a precaution, as a de-
monstration in tl►e cause of the Constitution
was feared by Government in that quarter.
Paris remains tranquil, and the funds are ra-
ther better. The cholera is daily decreasing, and
is shortly expected to disappear entirely.

The Coroner's Inquest have fbund a verdict
of " Justifiable Homicide," with respect to the
late disastrous transactions at Wallstown. It
seems by the evidence, that the Magistrates ex-
erted themselves with all the energies they could
muster, to prevent the necessity of the police and
the military coming into collision with the people,
but that all their efforts were fruitless ; and they
were compelled, in self-defence, to have recourse
to the last sad extremity of firing. These re-
peated conflicts, in nine cases out of ten accom-
panied by a frightful loss of life, will, we hope,
have the effect of opening Mr. STANLEY'S eyes
to the utter inutility of his tithe amelioration
system.

The German Papers received this morning
inform ns that Sir STRATFORD CANNING has ar-
rived at Ancona, from whence he will proceed to
London on the expiration of the quarantine. 'We
understand that his Excellency has completely
succeeded in his mi,sion to the PORTE. Un-
fortunately for the poor SULTAN he is not
in a condition at present to resist any terms
proposed to him, for the Tories of the
East have not yet forgiven him the sin of in-
troducing Reform among the worshippers of the
Prophet.
The harvest in Germany appears to be supera-
bundant, and bread has in consequence fallen
tw•enty•tive per cent. :

AUGSBURG, SEFr. 7.—According to accounts from Mos-
cow the proprietots of the diligences and waggons in that
city intend to extend their communications to Wm s tw, and
in the course of next year to the Governments of Tamboff,
Kagan, Perin, Tobolsk, Irkutzk, Jakatzk, and Kiachta, on
the frontiers of China. Thus there will be a direct com-
munication by land from the frontiers of China to Peters-
buri!, Moscow, Warsaw, and perhaps to Paris, with
which view M. Muller, the beta of the Moscow establish-
ment, intends to treat with the Messageries at Pari,,.
ANcoNA, AUG. 30.—Yesterday morning an English
frigate with Sir S. Canning on board arrived in our roads.
Sir Stratford is still on boa:d the frigate, but will perform
quartntine in the Llzsr.tto; and then proceed to London.
Y. sterday morning another ft igat?, supposed to lie French,
was discovered thirty miles distant, but, as it has not
been again seen this morning, it was probably an Aus-
trian vessel. We expect every tnnment a French frigate
with a number of men to complete the two battalions of
the 66th Rey itnent. Arrests and emigrations continue herr,
both of citizens of Ancona implicated in the troubles, and
of fugitives from other places ; of the latter there are but
few here, and they will go away to-day and to-morrow.
All go to Preugia, Leghorn, 13astia, Toulon, and Mar-
seilles. The unbridled and indecorous joy of the liberals
is succeeded by melancholy silence. It is generally af-
firmed, that by the day after to-morrow the Delegate will
take the direction of the police, and for that purpose 100
of the carabineers return to Ancona, who three months
ago were obliged to withdraw, not much to the credit of
their arms.

There are very serious troubles in Greece, especially at
Ali,solonghi, where much blood has been shed. The
Greeks appear no longer to respect the foreign troops, and
are said to have had some affrays with the nem.li, of
which the particulars are nut known. —Allyermeine
Zeiiteng, Sept. 8.
illustor, SEPT. 4.—The address of the inhabitants of
114nish 11111. n-it to the King has already nearly 20,000
signatures to it.

-111•Ijot G4,rwral ll,iilegger will g' to Greece in two
:non! lis at the I :test.

We learn that profes,,,ir Thiersch will remain in Greece.

It is affirmed that Count Armansperg, who is to accom-
pany Prince Otho, is av ry able financier. His talents
may int of great use, fur it is evident to all those who are
acquainted with the country, that the happiness of Greece
depends much more on a judicious system of administra-
tion, than on the form of the Government.
MavEricE, Ave. 28.—According to the unanimous
testimony of ail the principal householders in this pro-
vince, the harvest, which is mostly ended, is one of the
be't, both for the quantity and quality of the corn, that
we have had for many years. The pi ices continue to fall.
every market day, though the corn is of excellent quality
for laying up in magazines. Our speculators find the prices
still too high, expecting that if the political horizon should
not become more ihietteniug, there will be a much greater
decline. However, the consumers are already benefited
by a reduction of 25 per cent, in the price of bread.—
Frankfort Papers, Sept. 9.

AST I. EY'S THEATRE.--That deservedly pp-
ptilir piece The Invasion of Russia attracts crowded
houses every night at ASTLEY.S Theatre. In fact, the
amusements at this house are got up with much spirit,
and the horsemanship if.possible, more attractive than
ever.

Letters have arrived from Demerara of the
slit of July. Much distress prevailed in the colony. Up
to that time few estates had made more than a fourth part
of their usual crop Of sugar, and the embarrassments, bath
among the plmters and the merchants, were genera►. The
following is an extract from one of the letters :—'• Deme-
rara, July 3l.—Very few estates have as yet made a fourth
part of their usud crop. Some say they will yet make
up the deficiency before the end of the year, but I do not
think it possible fur them to do so; and even if they
should, they will again have nothing to do in the early
part of next year I believe the colony never was in so
deplorable a state as it is at present. Planters and mer-
chant.; are pushed beyond me,sure ; the former are unable
to pay, and the latter, of course, cannot remit. The
exchange is at a ruinous height, being 17 guilders to the
pound sterling, which ispore than 40 per ceut. above par."

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

The DEPUTY RECORDER was occupied the whole morn-
ing in trying cases, none of w; Or possessed the slightest
interest. Barons BAILEY and GURNEY, and Mr. Justice
PATTEsoN, having tried the more important cases, have
left these Sessions.

Ellen Kay, a girl of the town, aged 22, waq indiett d
'or stealing a watch and a sill: Landkerehit4, the pi optrty
of Wiliam Poutiloase.

The pros, cu or tatted that on the evening of the 14th
of August he had bean with a party of fri”nds, and on his
return home he met the prisoner, by whom he was in-
duced to go to a brothel. In the morning he missed the
prisoner, his silver watch, and silk hanc-;kercbief.
A police constibP stated, that on receiving information
fron► the prosecutor he succeeded in apprehending the pri
toner, on whom he found duplicates for a watch and silk
handkerchief, both of which had been pawned by the pri-
soner.

The Jury found the prisoner Guilty, and she was sen-
tenced to he tianspor:ed for 14 years.

NEW COURT.

Samuel Thnm-as, an old ffender, was indicted for steal-
ing, on the 23d. of August, a boy's dress, a silk waist-
coat, a tahle-cloth, and several other artict?s, the pro-
perty of Charles Goodman, of Oxford Market. The
case was clearly made out against the prisoner, and the
Court, in consequence of a former conviction, sentenced
him to transportation for life. .

There was another indictment against the prisoner for a
similar theft fr,,m a Mr. Monday, but in consequence of
the prosecutor's death it was not gone into.
William Smith was convicted of stealing a silver-gilt
snuff=box from the person of Mr. Joseph Stephanoni, a
respectable upholsterer, residing at 14.2, Holborn Bars, on
the 14th of July, and sentenced to 7 years' transportation.

John Evans and Ann Presser were indicted for rob-
bing lodgings which they had lately taken in Windmill-
street, Haymarket, of a sheet and pillow-case.
The landlady of the house, a female of more corpulent
tLan bewitching appearance, stated, that the prisoners took
apartments ready furnished from her, and two days
afterwards she discovered the robbery. _

Two pawnbrokers prove:l the pledging of the stolen
property by the female prisoner.
The COM3ION SERJEA NT sentenced both prisoners to
seven years' transportation, observing that robberies of this
description had now become so frequent, and the present
was of such a flagrant nature, that it was necessary for the
law to be strictly enforced, and the prisoners to be made an
example of.
The rest of the cases that carne before the COMMON
SERJEA NT to-day, up to the period of our reporters leaving,
were of the most trivial description, consisting chiefly of
the trill of lads for stealing pocket handkerchiefs.
The Ses,ions will terminate on Monday.

WESTMINsTER SESSIONS.--(THIS DA V)

These Sessions commenced this morning before F.
CoNsr, Esq. pursuant to adjournment.
Samuel Cast was indicted for assaulting George Divfn
on the 17th of August lat.

The Jury found him Guilty, when the Chairman sen-
tenced Lim to pay a fine of 20/. with leave to speak to the
prosecutor.

Robert Goose, a policeman, after a long trial, in which
much conflicting evidence way produced, was tined 64. Bd.
for an assault upon Thomas Bonner, a carman, in Horse-
fet ry-rnad.
Mary Davis and Winnifted Smith, two old wo-
men, pleaded guilty to keeping a common brothel in the
pariah of St. James.
Mr. PHILLIPS appeared for the parish, and said, as the
prisoners' had abated the nuisance, his clients wanted
nothing more than that they should be bound over in the
same sum as. at present, to appear for judgment when
called upon.—Ordered.
Another case was called upon, but the prisoner did not
appear. This finished the business ; accordingly the Ses-
sions broke up.
