TTIE SUN, LONDON. SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1840.

PIRIT of the IitiBIAC jOtTitrtAL"'

r7ROII THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.)
(From the Globe.)
Lord Grantley is, it seems, emulous of Lord Lorton's
fame ; and has tried his hand at ejecting cottagers from
his estate es the Irish landlords get rid of obnotious
occupants of cabins on their propertiesHby thrusting
them out on the world's wide waste; to find a reftige
where they may-. The urrey Peer; like his prototype
in the sister holintry; lids met with resistance in his at-
tenifits to 4C4uire by fore'te that to ivhicfi he jitid lio Claim
ib lair. A ponr jaeaitint, narhed Puhtr;
from the Peer's violiznee for protection and redress
to a British Jury ; and after a trial, the details of which
compel us to regret that rank should elevate above their
fellows men who are so glaringly deficient in the quali-
ties which alone Corirdr thin dignity; miiluted the P6er
in • 2f).'o/. damages ; and thus taught him, and these
who might be disposed to imitate his example, that
such conduct—whether the result of heartless inconsi-
derateness, or of haughty arrogance—will be discou-
raged and suppressed by the honest Juries of England,
whenever the titled or wealthy oppressor is brought be-
fore them by the poor subject of their persecution to
claim the redress at their hands.
(From the Standard.)
There, were again some words in the House of Lords
upon the Irish Municipal Bill. The public is, however,
too thoroughly sick of the game played on both sides
with reference to this affair to permit that we again ad-
vett to it. Our time for speaking will be when the tree
shall bear its fruit, seeing that we cannot prevent its
growth I meanwhile we request attention to Mr. '
0 Connell's letter in another column. The Marquis
of Londonderry then, after the presentation of a petition
by Lord Lyndhurst from Glasgow, called the attention
of the House to our foreign policy, in a speech in which
his Lordship expressed his satisfaction at the treaty now
so much the subject of discussion in Europe, more par-
ticularly as this treaty, in his Lordship's opinion, brings
us once more into an intimate union with Russia. We
have a great respect for Lord Londonderry, and there
are few subjects on which we would not subscribe to
his opinion ; but amongst these few the policy to be
observed in dealing with Russia holds the first
place. We indeed agree with the Noble Mar-
quis in approving of the treaty, but by no means
for his reasons. We much regret that France is not
a party to the treaty, and we should little grieve
if France and Russia were to change places in
this respect. Whatever might have been the opinion
of our fathers, founded upon circumstances very dif.
ferent from those in which we live, France is not " the
natural enemy" of England. France is the natural
friend and ally of England in the present condition of
the world. The bond of friendship is the simplest '
and most obvious to be imagined. France and Eng-
land cannot be at war without inflicting reciprocally
great and equal injuries, while the madness of ambi-
tious hope itself cannot suggest any possible advantage
derivable by either from the contest.
( From the Courier.)
We care nothing whatever about the duration of the
imprisonment which John Thorogood originally
brought upon himself by his dishonesty, and has since
voluntarily prolonged by his obstinate refusal to obey the
laws ; hut we are really surprised at the folly of some
who believe in the representation that he is a sufferer
for the sake of conscience because he refuses to pay a
paltry amount of Church-rate. The fact is exactly as
it was described some time ago by Lord John
Russell, and that the man is imprisoned, not for the
non-payment of the rate, but for a contempt of the Ec-
clesiastical Court to which he himself appealed. Under
any circumstances of this kind we do not conceive that
the Legislature is called upon with justice or propriety
in regard to those who obey the laws of their country,
to interfere for the purpose of procuring his liberation.
The present Bill, however, has passed that House
which of late has shown itself utterly regardless of
the true principles of legislation. By the liberation
of John Thor ogood through the medium of an Act of
Parliament, it will be established by the highest autho-
rity in the land that any man ;nay pick and choose what
Courts shall have cogniz•ince of his case, and what laws
he will allow to be binding on his conduct. Divest
the Bill of this necessary consequence, and we consider
the liberation or further incarceration of this new de-
scription of religious " martyr," a matter of perfect in-
difference. It is not a question whether Thorogood
ought to pay the five and sixpenny rate, but whether
any man shall appeal from a legal imposition to the
judgment of a Court, and then set its authority at de-
fiance.
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

toWn-cotincils what totirts shsulal be .stabstitu.ted
in its place. In the Bill afterwards introduced, a
clause was inserted, not directly and avowedly ex-
cluding him from Parliament, but for the purpose of
effecting that object, in an indirect manner ; and he
thought he had reason to complain of the course taken
in that respect by the Hon. and Learned Gentleman
opposite (Mr. Pigot). However, his principal object
in troubling the Horace at present was to deny, in the
strongest manner, that he bad ever entered into nego-
tiations on the subject with the Law (Meets of the
Crown.—( Hear, hear. All that he had ever said to
Oath itpikt; tkie subject was said in open discussion is that
House.—( earl hear.) It had also been said by a
Noble Marquis in the other House Of Parliament, that
he (Mr. S.) made his official duties subsereidat to his
political views. That charge was wholly groundless ;
as was also the statement that the business of his Court
was neglected. During the last ten years he had never
left any cause, civil or criminal, iti nrrear, when it was
Right
td
Hon. y theG
ready to come on.
Mr. PIGOT could not allow the question to be
brought to a close without saying a few words, after
owphpaots had
te.
eneßntilgehmtanHahaa.
former Bills had not provided for the jurisdiction of the
Recorder of Dublin. Now ha would tell that Right
dGc saidn Gentleman
e thatn
m
Honourable Gentleman, that every Bill down to
the present year, had contained the proviso
that every Recorder should sit a certain specified
time, and oftener if the Lord Lieutenant thought pro-
per to order it. Did the Right Hon. Gentleman mean
to say, in making Dublin the subject of distinct legisla-
tion, that the provisions with respect to every other
Recorder in Ireland did not apply to the Recorder of
Dublin? The Right Hon. Gentleman had said that
some such understanding was entered into in that House
by Mr. Woulfe in 1839 ; he had heard something of
that kind, and he applied to the late Lord Chief Baron
himself, who stated to him that the Government were
unfettered by any such arrangement.—(Hear.) The
Right Hon. Gentleman bad said that he (Mr. Pigot)
had introduced this clause in a manner which he had a
right to complain of.—(Hear, hear.) Now, what
was the fact? Why, the clause was introduced in
that House, and went up to the House of Lords.
—( Hear.) When in the House of Commons, that
Right Hon. Gentleman had opposed the introduction
of it, he (i%lr. Pigot) resisted that oppssition, and the
House adopted the clause. He had introduced the
clause in the discharge of a public duty, and upon the
conviction that it was necessary for the defence of the
inhabitants of Dublin. He had introduced it last year,
and again during the present session, and he begged to
tell the Right Hon. Gentleman that whether in or out
of office he would endeavour to carry it into effect by
public legislation, as be thought such an enactment due
to the public of Dublin.—(Hear,
hear.) But the
Right Hon. Gentleman seemed to think he had intro-
duced it indirectly for a direct purpose. He would tell
him, in answer to that insinuation, tnat he could have
no reason for adopting such a course, and he did
not adopt it. He had introduced the words not,
as the Right Hon. Gentleman had insinuated, for the
purpose of excluding him or any other individual from
Parliament, but for the purpose of compelling a local
Judge to sit as often to administer justice as a vast
population required, in order that the gaols of Dublin
might be delivered oftener, and not left in the crowded
state they were at present. He asserted with-
out fear of its being contradicted, that the
present state of the gaol of that city showed
great necessity for the interposition of the Legislature.
In conclusion, he would tell the Right Hon. Gentleman
that be never had, and never would introduce by a
side wind that which he could not dodirectly.
Mr. SHAW denied that the state of the gaol of
Dublin was such as had been represented by the Right
Hon. Gentleman. The gaol delivery there took plea,
every month, which was as often as was required, or
could with convenience take place.

Lord MORPETH protested most emphatically
against the notion that there was anything indirect or
covert in the provision introduced into the Bill with
respect to the tenure of his office. That provision was
introduced fairly and openly, and although he did not
insist upon it now, yet he had not the least doubt that
in all probability it would be forced upon the House in
another Session.

The amendments were then agreed to, and the con-
versation dropped.

MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS.
A message from the Lords brought down the
Church Discipline Bill, the County Constabulary Bill,
and the Loan Societies Bill, with amendments.

BU DE LIGHT.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he would to-morrow
call the attention of the House to the necessity, during
the recess, of completing the apparatus for lighting the
House.—(Hear, hear.)

subject during the recess, and should feel happy if he
frgme a measure that would receive general sup-
port.
After a few words froth Cap teen PE. tiLLL, and Sir
J. R.REm, who expressed an opinion that pilcts were
at present very badly compensated,
Mr. W. ATTWOOD replied, and
The Returns were ordered.

A Message from the Lords brought down the Non-
Parochial Register Bill, with their Lordships' agree-
ment to the amendments made by the Commons. Also
the Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues Bill, and the
Railways Bill with amendments.
ECCLESIASTICAL DUTIES AND RE-
VENUES BILL.

On the motion of Lord PALMERSTON the
at,,tt.mlments of the Lords to this Bill were ordered to be
printed, and taken into consideration to-morrow.
Adjourned at a Quarter-past Six o'clock.

110 USE OF LORDS, AUGUST 7.

The Royal assent was this day given by commission
to the several Bills passed since the date of the last
commission.

The Usher of the Black Rod having summoned the
-House of Commons, the Speaker, accompanied by
several Members, shortly afterwards appeared at the bar,
when the Royal assent was given in the usual form to
the following Bills:
Sugar (Excise Duties') Bill, Church Discipline Bill,
Church Building Bill, Clergy Reserves (Canada) Bill,
Marriages Act Amendment Bill, Militia Pay Bill, Mi-
litia Ballots Suspension Bill, Metropolitan Police Courts
Bill, ,Chimney-sweepers' Bill, Bills of Exchange Bill,
Imprisonment for Debt Bill, Metropolis Improvement
(No. 1) Bill, Sale of Beer (No. 2) Bill, Notice of
Elections Bid, County Constabulary Bill, Grammar
Schools Bill, Admiralty Court Bill, Admiralty Court
(Judges'. &c. Salary) IBill, Pilots Bill, Isle of Man
Bill, Fisheries Bill, Friendly Societies Bill, East India
Shipping Bill, Insolvent Debtors' (India) Bill, Slave
Trade Treaties Bill, Slave Trade (Venezuela) Bill,
New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land Bill, Law
of Evidence (Scotland) Bill, Oys►er Fisheries (Scot-
land) Bill, Bank of Ireland Bill, Attorneys and Soli-
citors (Ireland) Bill, Roscommon Town Lands Bill,
Poddle River (Dublin) Bill, London and Greenwich
Railway Bill, Londo.s and Greenwich Railway Sta-
tion Bill.

The Commissioners were the Lord Chancellor, the
Earl of Clarendon, and the Earl of Shaftesbury.
The House then adjourned during pleasure.

The House resumed at Five o'Clock.

The Marquis of WESTMINSTER presented peti-
tions from St. Pancras and from Mr. Paton, praying
for a better supply of water to the metropolis.
Lord PORTMAN presented a petition from St.
Anne's, Westminster, and St. Martin's-in-the• Fields,
to the same effect.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from St.
Anne's, Westminster, to the same effect.

RAILWAYS.

Lord CLARENDON moved the third reading of
the Railways Bill.

The Marquis of WESTMINSTER approved of
the Bill which, without interfering with the rights of
private property, placed the railways more immediately
under the control of Parl►ament.

The Bill was then read a third time and passed.
Th e Bishop of EXETER presented petitions from
Coleraine against the system of Education in Ireland ;
and from Cornwall, praying for Church Extension in the
Colonies.

Lord DUNCANNON presented a petition from the
President and Council of the. British Medical Associa-
tion, praying that in the census now taking the names
of all persons sick and infirm be inserted in a separate
column.

The Linen Manufacturers (Ireland) Bill, the Postage
Bill, the Dublin Police Bill, the Highway Rates Bill,
and the Rating of Stock in Hand Bill severally went
through Committees.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from pri-
soners for debt in the Queen's Bench prison, complain-
ing that the Insolvent Debtors' Act was to them a dead
letter.

Lord LYNDHURST moved for returns of the num-
ber of prisoners in confinement, and the period of their
imprisonment in the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and White-
cross-street Prisons.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from the
British and Foreign Anti-slavery Society of Birming-
ham, complaining that the intentions of the British Le-
gislature in the Emancipation Act had not been carried
out by the Colonial Legislatures.
Messengers from the Commons brought up several
Bills to which the concurrence of their Lordships was
desired.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from Mr.
Richard Berguin, formerly editor and proprietor of a
newspaper called the Ballance, in the island of Mau-
ritius, complaining of the harsh treatment he had ex-
perienced from the Governor and Town Council of that
colony, who suppressed his paper, and expelled himself
from the island. The petitioner stated that he had al-
ways supported the Government against the disaffected
party in the colony, by whom his life was consequently
fiercely threatened; and that his only offence was the
having expressed some dissatisfaction with the conduct
of the Proeureur7General. . His. losses by the sup-
preision ofhis papei ha estimated at 7,2004
Tho Earl of CLARENDON said that the expulsion
of the petititioaer.frono the island was occasioned by his
violent and factious conduct in the management of his
papers,whicb•had—formerly been well conducted. But
in consideration of 'his previous loyalty, Lord Glenelg
gave him permission to return to the island and carry
on his Journal again'; giving him also a reasonable
compensation; certainly very far short of the prepos-
terous estimate which he himself made of his claims.
THE SPANISH LEGION.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said that as
the correspondence, relating to the claims of the Bri-
tish Auxiliary (Spanish) Legion, had been laid on the

table, be was bound in candour to admit that nothing
could be more satisfactory.—(Hear, and a laugh.)
The Shrewsbury and Holyhead Roads Bill was read
a third time and passed.
In answer to the Earl of HADDINGTON,

The Marquis of N ORMA. BY said he felt the im-
portance of keeping the question of the Poor-laws en-
tirely distinct from the inquiry into the sanatory condi-
tion of the lower classes. As he understood some ob-
jection arose to extending the inquiry into the rural
districts, he would for the present confine himself to the
large towns.—(Hear, hear.)
The Earl of HADDINGTON expressed his satis-
faction at that arrangement, and trusted no further ex-
tension of the inquiry would be necessary.
The Earl of CHARLEVILLE said he had re-
ceived tt letter from the Magistrates of Maguire and
Pallaskewry, thanking him for the trouble he had taken,
in having brought the state of these districts before the
House of Lords, and complaining of the secret stab
against their characters, which was attempted to be
inlicted by the police authorities, and of which they
would have known nothing, had it not been for his kind
interference.

After a few words from Lord PORTMAN, the con-
versation dropped. •
The Earl of HADDINGTON said it was unac-
countable that no disapprobation had been expressed of
the violent agitation which was carried on for the re-
peal of the Union. The connection of the agitators
with the Government was most dangerous, and the su-
pineness of the Government was highly culpable, when
they saw such an agitation going on in a country, in
which the ribbon system prevailed to so great an ex-
tent. If that agitation was not put down, it would
lead to the separation of the two countries, and the dis-
memberment of the empire.

The Marquis of NORMANBY said that he had
forborne to originate any discussion on the subject pend-
ing the trials for ribbonism, which he believed were
now over. The whole proceedings of the ribbon con-
spiracy were known to the Government, and that asso-
ciation was perfectly powerless. In the next Session
he would be prepared to give their Lordships every
information respecting the part which the Government
had taken, and to defend its conduct. The Noble
Marquis then moved the second reading of the Admi-
nistration of Justice (Birmingham) Bill.
The Earl of WARWICK complained of the con-
duct of the Government in compelling the people of
Birmingham to pay for a defective charter. He did
not think they were called upon to pass a measure such
as that now before the House at so late a period of the
Session, and he should therefore move that the Bill be
read a second time that day three months.
The Marquis of NORMANBY defended the Bill.
After a few words from Lord CALTHORPE, the
amendment was withdrawn, and the Bill read a second
time.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented peti-
tions from Wilts against idolatrous worship in India,
a ad a petition from Lanark, praying the House would
aolopt a better Bill than that introduced by the Earl
of Aberdeen for the regulation of the Church of Scot.
land.

ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE (COURT
OF CHANCERY).
Lord BROUGHAM said the only amendments
made .by the Commons to the Administration of Justice
Bill, w ere i❑ the money clauses, and he should there-
fore mo ve that these amendments be agreed to.
The ai.iendments were then agreed to.
ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS BILL.

The LGRD CHANCELLOR moved the com-
mittal of the Ecclesiastical Courts Bill.
Lord RAYLEIGH presented a petition from the
Churchwardens of Chelmstord, praying their Lordships
not to sanction any Bill that would effect the liberation
of John Thorog•ood, without the payment of the rates
due from him.
The Bill then (went through Committee, and on bring-
ing. up the Report',
The Earl of DE; ON had an amendment to pro-
pose, for the purl), ssc of compelling the person to be
liberated to first p tbe costs thgt had been incurresl
in the suit.agains t him.
! The. LORD CHANCELLOR was ofoiniou that
such as mead ;mut w1;44,1 neOpliSo tiK Act.
—••.. . ,

It was not in nature to suppose that a man who preferred
staying to prison to paying ss. 6d. would have his pre-
ference diminished, by being required to pay from 70/.
to 801.

Tne Duke of WELLINGTON said. that if the
gentleman who had caused those expenses to be in-
curred by his own refusal to obey the laws did not pay
the costs, they would have to be paid by the persons
who had lawfully prosecuted him. Surely that was not
Justice between man and man,

Lord ELDON agreed with the Noble Duke, and
thought that if any person persevered in his contumacy
he ought to be prepared to take all the consequences-
Lord WHARNCLIFFE wished to know, if the
contumacious person did not pay costs, who was to pay
eLern i It appeared to him, that it the Bill passed into
a law, as it came up from the House of Commons, it
would virtually repeal all taxes.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that the pro-
moters were in this position—they had :aid out their
money, and could never get it. The supposition of the
Noble Lord seemed to be, that some body would pay it
for him. That was exceedingly improbable. The pres-
sure of imprisonment had been tried, and in this case
had failed. The Churchwardens had gone to law with
a person from whom they could not recover. The
money so expended was lost, and the question was,
whether the imprisonment was to be perpetual? The Bill
did- hot propose to repeal Church-rates. It only limited
the imprisonment of defaulters to twelve months ; and
looking at the smallness of the sums—as, in the in-
stance alluded to the sum was only ss. 6d.—it was very
unlikely, that many persons would submit to so long an
imprisonment.
Atter a few words from Lord WHARNCLIFFE,
The Earl of DEVON said he would certainly
press his amendment.
The House then divided, and the numbers were—
Content 25
Non-content l7
Majority for the amendment --8
The Report was then received, and the Bill ordered
to be read a third time to-morrow.

The Imprisonment for Debt Bill (Ireland) and the
Insolvent Debtors Bill (Ireland), were severally read a
.hird time and passed. _ .

Lord REDESDALE presented several petitions
against the Beer Bill.

Their Lordships adjourned at Eight o'Cclock.

THE BRITISH AUXILIARY LE-

GION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SIR,—I beg to transmit you for publication some
correspondence which has transpired with the " Friends
of the British Auxiliary Legion," whereby you will per-
ceive the difficulties I have to contend with in obtaining
their co-operation in procuring for the persecuted Auxi-
liaries the benefits of British mediation. I forwarded
Vis6ount Palmerston, and Geneial Alava, the Spanish
Ambassador, on the 27th ultimo, copies of my letter so
kindly published and advocated in your Paper of the
18th ultimo (the object of which was more amply ex-
plained in my communication to the Times of yesterday,
and your Paper of to•day,) requesting an early inter-
view, in order that the unhappy original claimants
might receive, under the present financial arrangement
entered upon by the Spanish Government in their be-
half, a small portion of the severe losses which they
sustained by disposing of the claims previous to British
mediation having taken place, and the following are
their replies :

" Lord Palmerston presents his compliments to Mr.
Cochrane, and, in reply to his note of the 27th ult.,
regrets to inform him that his time is so much occupied
at present that he cannot appoint an hour to receive
Mr. Cochrane.

" Foreign-office, August 3, 1840."
Le General Alava presente ses respects a Monsieur
Charles Cochrane, et se trouvent au lit depuis lundi, it
n'a pas pu repondre a sa lettre, et it nc sait pas encore
quand est ce qu'il se trouvera en etat de pouvoir recevoir
la visite ; en attendant, it a l'honneur de dire a Monsieur
Cochrane en response a sa question que dans les jour-
naux publics se trouvent de ses annonces les termes dans
lesquels doit etre vcrifie le paicment d'une partie des
ccrtificats des individus de la Legion.
" Ce 31 Juillet, 1840."
.Anxious to give every corroboration and strength to
the justness of my views, I addressed the following com-
munication to Sir De Lacy Evans. I couched it in
terms as respectful and unobtrusive as I possibly could,
whilst I considered that its general tenor, coupled with
the well-known disinterested and active part which I
have been taking in favour of the Legion, would have
insured it a cordial reception. The following is my letter,
delivered by my own servant, and Sir De Lacy Evans'
reply per penny post:—
" Sir—A sympathy for the interests of the British
Auxiliary Legion, lately under your command, in-
duces me to take the liberty of asking you whether
the lively interest which you have taken in effecting
the recent financial arrangements connected with their
claims on the Spanish Government was not, as I am
inclined to thing, exclusively from a sympathy for their
personal interests ; as also whether the British Go-
vernment, in their co-operation, as well as the Spanish
Authorities, were not, to the best of your knowledge,
actuated with similar feelings.
" I shall feel greatly favoured with an early reply.
" I have the honour to be, Sir,
" Your's respectfully,
" CHARLES COCHRANE.
"23, Devonshire-place, Aug. 3, 1840."
"To Sir De Lacy Evans, &e."
" 4, Bryanstone-square Aug. 4, 1,g40.
Sir De Lacy Evans has to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of a letter from Mr. Cochrane, putting questions
to him as to his motives, and as to the motives of the
English and Spanish Governments in effecting the late
financial arrangements for the payment of the British
Auxiliary Legion ; and as Sir De Lacy Evans is not in
the habit of entering into any correspondence on the
subject of motives, whether his own or those of others,
he must be excused replying to Mr. Cochrane's
questions.

The astonishment with which I perused this epistle
can be better imagined than described. Had my ques-
tions been addressed to certain gentlemen more or less
connected, as I am informed, with the Legion, and who
lw.ve been purchasing the certificates of both officers
and men, I can well understand that it would have
proved rather objectionable to them to have inquired
too closely into the motives for their clamorous sympa-
thy in behalf of the Legion ; but when addressed to the
Lieutenant-General of the Legion, to whom the officers
and meu naturally look for protection, I was not pre-
pared to read, under his own hand-writing►, that he
found it objectionable to have the motives of his sym-
pathy inquired into, more particularly as it is generally
believed that not more than one-tenth of the original
claimants will participate in the financial arrangement
he has just effected.
Alas, for the poor Legion !
I have the honour to be, Sir,
Your's very faithfully,
CHARLES COCHRANE.
26, Devonshire-place, Aug. 5, 1840.
[This is the last communication we can insert on this
subject, unless as an advertisement.]

LOAN SOCIETIES-IMPORTANT

FACTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SIR-I beg to draw your attention to the report lately
sent to Parliament from the Loan Fund Board (Ire-
land) for the year 1839, (as prescribed by law.) Be-
cause that report presents a new feature to the public,
" considerable revenue, six per cent. net profits for
charitable uses ;" "in each locality (on an average),
above all expenses and interest, generally six per cent.
to the subscribers at each office." During this year,
1840, the funds employed are almost doubled, and the
average net profits for charitable uses increased much
above six per cent. To the operation of this system,
the peace and improved condition of Ireland is greatly
indebted ; and a vast number of societies are following
our example in England—viz., limiting the amount of
dividend or interest receivable by depositors to 5 or 6
per cent. per annum, and dedicating to charitable uses
the surplus which may arise, after paying ail the ex-
penses of manage.nent, in every separate office. By
steadily pursuing such a system, the amount levied for
poor-rate may be gradually diminished, and the prospe-
rity of all people of industry infinitely increased, so as to
lighten the weight of taxation.
Dublin, August 1, 1840. A.

COMNION ROAD STEAM-CARRIAGE TRIP.-
On Thursday an experimental trip of a steam-carriage, con-
structed under the patent of Col. Maceroni, was made from
East Greenwich to Footscray. The carriage is a double-bo-
died one, capab:e of carrying 24 passengers in addition to lug-
gage, and the entire weight of the machine, including fuel
and water, is under five tons. The carriage was perfectly under
the: control of the steersman, and turned every corner with
the greatest nicety. There were 23 passengers, principally
shareholders. They proceeded. up Blackheath-hill,
.to the
great astonishment of the admirers of steam
traa-locomotion,
the rate of twelve miles an hour. The party then proceeded
had been newly.. gravelled,
theirover tili,oe"heerast
and
dand l
although
gh Shootertim ths -i
ihi ill !a,
they ascended it at the rate of:tsftErmt3e:etsnmimi,,ice,
cubic feet,
o f
and the noise producedo. r fire ; fact,
)0-horse
inpower.
bailerTiere oansnol yncofho 1
appearanceumrneT,
to that of a common omnibus. The h
there is nu is scarcely equal
shy as the vehicle passed. On the levelhorses on the road did not
com-
pleted in three minutes, and on ascendingroad a mile was
five minutes. Twenty miles an hour hills from four to
`welve the minimum rate. was the maximum, and

'APOTHECARIES' HALL—Names of gentle
men to whom the Court of Examiners granted Certificates of
Qualification on Thursday :-..-Charles E. Firth, Warwick;
Henry Powell, London ; William Smith, ; William Mer-
ritt Hartlebury Day, Bristol; William Henry Fife, Newcastle-
upon-Tyne ; William Angus, Newcastle-upon Tyne ; Wil-
liam John Lomax, London ; Joseph King, Liverpool ; John
Dale Hewson, North Shields; Thomas Jacob, Cardiff. The
Court of Examiners presented to the Court of Assistants on
the 4th inst. their report for the past year, in which they state
o
that E. 06 candidates have been examined for theirlicenr
practice, and that 414 of this number had received their ,00r..
tific,ate of qualification." In this number,
: the especial conu nepdation of t
441464 acciuuomeata. he Court 4%,...
thirteen gentlexiLen
receive.

EVENING El) 1T.10.7_
FROM. LAST NIC "$- Zerrl'E
WAR OFFIC
Regiment of Light I h
to be Lieutenant, by pureh tw„,itlccWulietll4io re ir ,
July 31 ; H. Wilson, Gent., vile,-Clenet',.,b;, trunchakre;-4. e
Smith, Aug. 7.
Ist or Grenadier Regiment t
Colonel E. F. Ga3coigne, from ktAff+ll.,T,uattacX.d, to be
Captain and Lieutenant-Colonel, vice F.lll triagoo t, who
exchanges, Aug. 7._

4th Regiment of Foot—Lieutenant W. C. Sheppard .to be
Adjutant, vice Potter, who resigns the Adjutantcy only, May I.
10th Foot—Ensign H. E. Longden to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Hill, who retires ; J. T. Gorle, Gent., to be
Ensign, by purchase, vice Longden, Aug. 7.
',lst Foot—Second Lieutenant H. W. Martin to be First
Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Macknight, deceased;
Second Lieutenant F. Holland to be first Lieutenant, vice
Martin, whose promotion, on the 15th of May, 1840, has been
cancelled, May 15 ; Gentleman Cadet W. Savage, from the
Royal Military College, to be Second Lieutenant, vice Hol-
land, Aug. 7.
22d Foot—Lieut. T. W. Smith, from the half-pay of the
13th Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Monro, pro—
moted, Aug 1.
31st Foot—Assist.-Surg. G. W. Macready, from the 52d
Foot, to be Assist.- Surg. vice Ayre, deceased, Aug. 7.
38th Foot—Major J. Campbell to be Lieutenant-Colonel by
purchase, vice Piper, who retires, Aug. 7 ; Capt. H. li.
Storks to be Major, by purchase, vice Campbell, Aug. 7 ;
Lieut. J. W. S. Smith to be Captain, by purchase, vice Storks,
Aug. 7 ; Ensign .1. R. Jackson to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Smith, Aug. 7; Gentleman Cadet Henry Holden,
from the Royal Military College, to be Ensign, by purchase ,
vice Jackson, Aug. 7.
40th Foot--Capt. E. S. Boseawen to be Major, by pur-
chase: vice Jebb, who retires; Lieut. F. White to be Captain,
by purchase, vice Boscawen ; Ensign J. Johnston to be Lieu-
tenant., by purchase, vice White; L. Little, Gent., to be En
sign, by purchase, vice Johnston; Lieut. J. M. B. Neill to be
Adjutant, vice White, promoted, August 7.
43d Foot—Gentleman Cadet H. A. Sanford, from the
Royal Military College, to be Ensign, without purchase, Aug. 7.
521 Foot—Lieutenant J. Thomas, from the 43d Foot, to be
Captain, without purchase, vice Norcott, appointed to the
Rifle Brigade; A. Skene, Gent. to be Assistant-Surgeon,
vice Macready, appointed to the 31st Foot, Aug. 7.
91st Foot—F. Harding, Gent., to be Ensign without pur-
chase, vice Cloete, who resigns, Aug. 7.
Rifle Brigade—Captain W. S. R, Norcott, from 52d Foot,
to be Captain, vice Fry, deceased, Aug. 7.
2d West India Regiment—Ensign G. L. Woodd to be Lieu-
tenant, without purchase, vice Lapslie, who retires; C. Stee
yens, Gent , to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Woodd, Aug. 7.
UNATTACHED.
Lieut. T. Gibbons, from the 49th Foot, to be Captain,
without purchase, Aug. 7.
DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.

CHARLES WILSON, woollen draper, Manchester.
JOHN JARMAN DOVEY, licensed victualler, St. Leo
nard's, Sussex.

BANKRUPTS.

JAMES STEER, tallow chandler, Maidstone, to surrender
Aug. 17, at half-pasttea, and Sept. 18, at twelve, at the Court
of Bankruptcy. Cannan, Finsbury-square, official assignee ;
Harman, Earl-street, Blackfriars.

THWIAS SAINT JOHN-
HUDSON, surgeon, Wells,
Aug. 20, at one, and Sept 18, at eleven, at the Swan Hotel,
Wells. Miller, Frome Selwood, Somersetshire; Frampton,
South-square, Gray's Inn, London.

CHAEILES POULTER, victualler, Long Melford, Suffolk,
Aug. IS, and Sept. IS, at eleven, at the Blue Posts Inn, Col
chester. Cutts, Witham, Essex ; Brooksbank and Farn,
Gray's Inn-sqoare, London.

JOHN ENOCH, shoemaker, Warwick, Aug. 17, and Sept.
18, at eleven, at the George Inn, Warwick. Newton and
Ensor, South-squaFe, Gray's Inn, ondon ; Heath, Warwick.
JOHN syKES, music-seller, Leeds, Aug. 28, at one, and
Sept. 18, at twelve, at the Commissioners'-rooms. Leeds.
Makinson and Sanders, Middle-temple, London; Foden, Leeds.

JOHN HILES, music-seller, Shrewsbury, Aug. 17, and
Sept. 18, at eleven, at the SLre-hall, Shrewsbury. Clarke
and Medealf, Lincoln's Inn-fields, ,I.ondon ; Teece, Shrews-
bury.

liOBERT LOWE, working jeweller, Preston, Aug. 31
and Sept. 18, at eleven, at the Town-hall, Pre: ton. Mayhew,
Johnston, and Mayhew, Carey-street, Lincoln's-it:II, London ;
Noble. or Blackhurst and Son, Preston.
THOMAS STANLEY and WILLIAM WATSOI‘.7, cloth
merchants, Leeds, Aug. 21, at two, and Sept. 18, at tc.‘at at
the Commissioners'-roonss, Leeds. Walker, Furnivalts-,120,
London ; Blackburn, Leeds.
EDWARD SUTTON, builder, Manchester, Aug. 27, and.
Sept. 18, at two, at the Commissioners'-rooms, Manchester-
Walker and Horsley, Staple-inn, Holborn, London; Harding,
Manchester.

THOMAS WILLIANI CLARKE, corn-factor, Wakefield,
Yorkshire, Aug. 21, at four, at the Commissioners'-rooms,
Leeds, and Sept. 18, at two, at the Sessions-house. Adling-
ton, Gregory, Faulkner, and Follett, Bedford-row, London;
Taylor and Westmorland, Wakefield.

EVE:STING EDITION.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROII Ti LE MORNING PAPERS UP THIS DAY.
(FYOM. the Morning Chronicle.)
The Railway BO has passed without the threatened
aeeravations of tire stringency of its enactments in the
House of Lords. Had not further consideration abated
the symptoms of 'aostility that had been manifested towards
one of the grand,:st improvements of modern times, it is
difficult to say oviliat strange appearance the Bill might
have assumed. As it is, the marks are strong upon the
measure of an interference with the rights of property
alike rash and. rare. The responsible conduct of these
great enterprises is subjected to a degree of inspection and
interference` much beyond what is genera;ly tolerated in
commercial. concerns. And at the same time, the power
of the management to keep their roads clear of the cbstrue-
tion, by which stupidity, santonncss, or malice, may en-
danger hierann life, is restrained within the narrowest limos.
The Bili, even as adopted, is a warning to railway pro-
prietaries, and to the public, of the need for jealous watch-
fulaess er legislative interference. Capital is vested in
these undertakings to the amount of sixty millions ster-
line. The shareholders are distributed through all the
d'ffcreut classes of society. They have a right in their
investment, and its actual or future profits, which is to the
full as sacred as that of any other description of property.
Over most other kinds of property it possesses the recom-
mendation of immediate connexion with public accommo-
dation and national improvement. ft is formally pro-
tected, in each particular case, by special legislation. We
do not, therefore, contend that the management should be
exempt from the supervision of Government. But it cer-
tainly ought to be restrained within the necessity of the
see,. And as certainly ought it to he provided for:in a spirit
of sympathy with public improvement, of encouragement
for public enterpree, and of respect for private interests
and rights. Very di.fferent is the spirit manifested by a
portion of the Legislature.
(From the Times.)
Although it may answer the ends of some, and suit the
tastes of others, to talk of Popery as a system which can
never again disturo the peace of the world, or even
seriously attempt to regain its former ascendancy in
Europe, no one who dispassionately observes what is pass-
:rig around him can fail to see the revival of old preten-
sions, and the putting forth of new energies, on the part
of the Church of Rome ; all which are grounded upon
hopes, which she takes no pains to conceal, of re.
ascending the scat of universal empire. We will
briefly notice three or four points in which the in-
creased confidence and augmented pretensions of the
Papal church are abundantly visible. She more vigi-
lantly excludes the light of truth from her own de-
s:manes. The vagaries of Priest NPHale and his assistants
in Map would never have been ventured upon, nor would
they have been endured, a few years back. The instruc-
tams openly given, to " put out the Scripture-readers with
ixhforks," &c., exhibit the increased audacity of the
priesthood. But a simultaneous movement of the same
d• scription is visible in every part of the globe. Perse-
cution. is at this moment going on against all who are found
distributing the word of God in Spain,and in various parts
of Southern America. The expulsion of the villagers of
Zilferthal is fresh in every one's memory. And, as we
have lately seen, the machinations of the Romish
Archbishop have succeeded, through the criminal weakness
of Lord Palmerston's employe at Naples, in depriving the
English Protestants of that place of the liberty of enjoying
public worship according to their own faith.
(From the Morning Advertiser.)
Lord Palmerston's frank and lucid exposition in the
House of Commons, on Thursday night, of the measures
taken for the adjustment of the Turko-Egyptian question,
together with an article, understood to be from the pen of
M. Thiers, which has just been published in the Revue
des Deux Mondes, may be regarded as placing a perfect
extinguisher upon the minatory flames which some rash or
interested disputants would have enkindled between Great
Britain and France. It is not, however, in this regard
only that the speech of the Noble Foreign Secretary may
be hailed with gratification by the country, but also as
evincing, with a thorough apreciation of the true policy
and internats of Great Britain, a foresight and judgment
which afford the most satisfactory guarantee for their
protection in future. A miserable fraction, however,
of the factious press in this country would still keep
op an outcry, against a policy which may be con-
fidently pronounced to be as judicious, decisive, and .
etlicient as any that ever marked the annals of British
history. We must, in justice to the most able of our op-
posing Contemporaries, except them from this charge;
for even the Times, a journal little disposed to pass lightly
over the errors or eulogize the meilts of Lord Palmerston,
is induced to accord him the tribute of its tacit approba-
e, So far from the policy of the Noble Lord being cal-
eelated to afford Russia an opportunity of encroaching on
the dominions of the Sultan, it is most especially adapted
to guard against the possibility of such contingency.
Russia has even come to the understanding that if the
treaty of Unkiar Skelessi should be found to interfere with
the general arrangements of the four Powers, she will con-
sent to its beiug annulled. This in itself is a stipulation
so important, that when the treaty was first known to exist,
the parties new most virulent against the Government were
they who most strenuously insisted upon its abrogation by
any means, even by an appeal to arms.
(From the Morning .Herald.)
The Marquis of Normauby moved, -last night, the se-
cond reading of the Ministerial Bill for providing money
to enable the shun corporation of Birmingham to discharge
its functions. The Earl of Warwick, Lord Wharncliffe,
and Lord Althorp opposed the measure, en grounds that
are absolutely irresistible. The legality of the Birming-
ham charter has yet to be determined by the Judges.
Should these learned and venerable persons decide against
the legality of the charter, any convictions that might be
obtained at Sessions held under the sanction of the I3irm-
ingham Corporation,would be rendered by that decision ille-
gal convictions. It would,in such an event, become necessary
for all connected with the administration of justice under the
Birmingham charter to apply to Parliament for an Act of
Indemnity. Why, then, incur such a risk ? Why not
permit offenders to be tried, for the next six months,
throughout Warwickshire, by the county Magistrat,s, as
has been the custom for a hundred years past ? The
Ministerial Bill could only tend to aggravate all the evils
that spring from the doubtful character of the charter.
To vote money in order to enable a Corporation, created
by means of a questionable charter, to perform acts that
might, afterwards, be deemed violations of law, would be,
as Lord Althorp truly observed, to entrap the Corporation
into the commission of acts that might require the shelter
of an Act of Indemnity. The Bill was, ultimately, with.
draen.

7,1 ONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

FRI DAY EVENING.

TlMES.—Private letters from Calcutta speak in terms
of the highest satisfaction of the benefits likely to be de-
rived from the present speedy communication with India.
To the interest taken by the public in this facility of inter-
course, and their consequent excitement, are attributed the
instructions from the Home Government received by the
last mail, for an efficient post-road from Calcutta to Bom-
bay. The greatest benefits are anticipated from such a
me:lsere. The road would be cut through a tract of coun-
try which, though rich, is at present completely wild and
barbarous, and thus not only would communication be faci-
litated, but the productions of the soil might be turned to
account. The Governor- General is said to have expressed
his warm approval of the undertaking, and to have
bestowed especial consideration on the subject. It is
thetight, that steam-navigation having rendered India a
field of enterprise for all the countries of the globe,
every facility of coraraneication with the mother country
is to be sought for with avidity. AfTglianistan is described
as being in a very unsettled state, the Ghilzee. tribe being
all in arms, and the malcontents, according to the latest
accounts, having surrounded Captain Taylor, of the East
Company'a European Regiment, who was out with
a party of 200 men. The Government were considering
bow*they could find more men to send into Affehanistau,
as it appears certain that of the 7,000 already there, not a
siegle man can be withdrawn. Major Pottinger, who dis-
tinguished himself at Herat, was at Culcutta arranging
his papers, end the period of his return to Herat was un-
e;',rtain. As the resources of Atfghanistan, are insufficient
to 'maintain a standing army, the money will be drawn
froth-Indian treasuries, and it is said that ti...ts new army
will consume the surplus revenue of the Company, which
they have refused to expend on internal Improvement.
With respect to the China expcdi':ion, the writer of the
letter says that the whole force does not exceed 5,000.
he Csmeronians and a portie,o of the 49th Foot had ar-
rived safe at Penang-. At the same time uneasiness is
expressed as to the state ter the weather, and it is said that
without the utmost alaemity the whole object of the expe-
dition will be lost, ee-ufter the end of September the wea-
ther becomes so eiole and stormy that the Lascars cannot
endure i.. rite Arid, the opium clipper, that carried
Captain Ell,tot's despatches to the Red Sea, arrived at
Calcutta 'iately. She has been again engaged by the su-
Vctinteatdent to take a mail to Singapore, and the captain
v;aa so anxious to avoid bringing any intelligence for the
P'ablic, that he refused to take in a Calcutta merchant.
'Shia vessel brought five tics of iyeee, and is was reported
that the Water Witch was coming eith an equal amount.
'Smuggling had been 11,Mrishing along the coast, and the
wade had been so profitable as to realize 150 per cent.
As the Chinese will have opium, the destruction of the
20.000 chests at Canton proved of inestimable advantage
to the smugglers.

more than once stated that
CHRONICLE.—Wo hare
the feeling in the City ran almost unanimously strong in
stinnort of the policy of the Cabinet iregard to ti
Terti on of the Ottoman empire, and the t
.c integrity of the pre.
n
masterly exposition now given by Lord Palmemrsteoannofoltthhaet
principles of his policy, has added to the intensity
feeling. At the same time, we do not by any
to say that the feeling in the City is to be taken assa wish
s
index to the state of the public mind throughout sure
kingdom, although we believe there is not much
division of sentiment existing en the subject at pie_
sent. Ali seem agreed in opinion that France has no
goal cause for war, and that peace lmween France and
this country must be maintained. This at least we believe
to be the feeling cf the leading Liberai men in the City,
and throughout the country, all of whom deprecate the
conduct of the French Cabinet in seeking any appeal to'
areas, and still fondly cherish the hope that if such a cala-
miry as war should again be inflicted on Europe, it may be
a war in which France and England may be united—that
war of opinion so eloquently foretold by Canning—in
favour of constitutional government against arbitrary
po"u"r. There is certainly no small jealousy enteitaiiicd
towards Russia, and the assurances given by Sir John
Hobhouse and Lord Palmerston that the reported success
their expedition against Kliiva was erroneous, has
rii3,..l>ted much in clearing off the clouds from the political
-orizen,

PO ST.—Some curious circumstances have been commu-
nicat, it to us in relation to the Boulogne affair. The ma-
t,:ac /_,c)uis Napoleon, whose name is once more placed so
prom:a:110y before the world, is slid to have been in the
present instance, nothing but an instrument in the hands
of .certain Stock Exchange adventurers. The steam-
boat placed at his dispusal. by the Commercial Company
is irported to have been onta;ned through the interven-
tiaA of a party of the share proprietors, an application

for her, coming through such a channel, being less cal-
culated to excite suspicion than would have been
one coming in a direct form. The criminals, of whom
the young Prince has become the dupe, are found
to be persons who have fur some time past been
playing a desperate game in the Spanish stock bob Ye, but
who had, at the present crisis, deemed an experiment in
the Consol Market, for the concoction of which there have
appeared to be such tempting materials, more likely to
turn to a profitable account ; and hence the infamous use
that has been made of young Napoleon. The matter
seems probable to become a subject of serious investigation
in a high quarter. To this the committee of the Stock
Exchange cannot and will not, we understand, have the
least objection, but the contrary, as it cannot but be the
wish of every person connected with the establishment
who values his character, to exonerate himself from what-
ever suspicion might exist of his being in the remotest de-
gree mixed up with so disreputable a proceeding.
It is not to be doubted—and this is, perhaps, the part of
the business least to be regretted--that the supporters of
the Prince in his revolutionary enterprise will be many
thousands of pounds out of pocket in consequence of its
failure. The representation of the mercenary wretches to
the Commercial Steam Navigation Company, on hiring
their vessel, was, it seems, that it was intended she should
proceed on a pleasure excursion of a few days to Ham-
burgh. A certain sum was paid down in advance ; and,
for the use of her, a similar amount was to be furnished
weekly. The captain is described to us as one of those
good-natured, unsuspecting persons who are exactly suited
to the purposes of a set of unprincipled schemers such as
those into whose hands he has unfortunately fallen. He
was greatly respected by the company.
The whole plot may be regarded as a continuation of the
abominable system of stock-jobbing knavery that was first
introduced here in connection with the Spanish loan ope-
rations, which we have, in the discharge of our duty to the
public, felt ourselves called upon from time to time to ex-
pose and condemn. When will the eyes of the English
nation be fully opened to the heartless iniquity of this
system ?

SUN.—The Foreign Exchanges were heavy this:after-
noon, but every one interested in making remittances to
the Continent anticipates an early change for the better,
that is, in favour of the drawers of bills. Paper was
negotiated on Hamburgh at 13.84 ; Amsterdar at
12.1 ; Paris at 25.50, and on Frankfort at 1491
There were, again, many eager parties anxious to
exaggerate the effects of the attempt of Louis Napoleon
on Boulogne ; and from what transpired yestesday after-
noon, when certain individuals were openly affirming
that Consols would be depressed to-day to 85, we have
not the slightest doubt but something was known of it
before the close of the Stock Exchange, although it did
not transpire. There were also, to-day, statements cur-
rent in some quarters, that further descents would be
made on other parts of the coast of France, Bordeaux
being named as one point. We think, however, that
after the signal failure of the present insane attempt,
nothing will be heard of similar ones. The frank expo-
sition of his foreign policy given last night in the House
of Commons by Lord Palmerston, and showing the se-
cure position in which our political relations with
France are placed, notwithstanding all the outcry
to the contrary, had the effect of improving the value
of the funds very materially to-day, and there now ap-
pears to be a marked renewal of confidence. Consols
for immediate transfer have been as high as 90i,
though since then the former have been marked NI,
and the latter 908, both closing 1 per cent. above these
latter prices. Exchequer Bills have been steady at
22 to 24 premium, and India Bonds rallied to par.
Bank Stock rose to 1731, and India Stock to 2531 ;
the Reduced Three and-a-Half per Cents to 1008 ; the
New Three-and-a-Half per Cents to 998, and the
Reduced Three per Cents to 918.
The Foreign Stocks have been more dealt in this
afternoon. Spanish Active Bonds at 25 to 258 ; Por-
tuguese New Five per Cents at 34-, I- to 328 ; the
Three per Cents at 21i to 224 ; French Five per
Cents. at arise from 112 to 114 and 115 ; Colombian,
at 251 -a, and Mexican at 294 to 1 ; Dutch Two-
and-a-Half per Cents touched 528,
The Railway Shares also met a good market, and at
imp roved quotations.
