THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, DECEMBER, 21, 1835

PaICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT JNE O'CLOCK
Bank Stock 01114 12 i India Stock shut
3 per Cent Red. 90Y,i•X i Ditto Bonds 3 pm.
:3 per Cent Cons shut South :-:ea Stock ..... ..... ....... --
1,4 per Cent . - Old Annuities
88%
Ditto Red. (1914', $% New Ditto --
New :3 ti per Cent — 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751... --
New 3 per Cent - Exch. Bills, 1;1,00o l3 15 pm.
Bank Long Annuities to expire Ditto 5110 ... 13 15 pm.
Jan 5, ISM l6 3-16'4 Ditto Small
Oct. 10, MO - Ditto Commercial — pm.
Jan. 5, 1 sne — Ditto Advertised
Jan 5, 1980 - Bank Stock for Account —
April 5, 166('— India Stock for Account 257
Jan. 5, 1870 — Consols for Account 91%%
Omnium pm,

petty jealousies of their own, and despising the parrot cry of
" coalition," which will be doubtless raised against us by these
who know their only hope of SUCCCSS is the disuniting of their
opponents--rather than be disheartened by their late discom-
fiture, they will gather from it fresh resolution, recollecting, in
the words of the gifted Poet of Liberty, that—
. The fight of Freedom, once begun,
Bequeathed from struggling sire to son,
Though baffled oft is ever won."
To be brief, in the words of the old adage, " Let them make
a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether," and if it do
not prove a victorious pull, I can only say I fear we have mis-
taken the temper and spirit of the yeomanry of Lindsey.—
(Loud cheers, and three times three.)
Sir MONTAOU CHOLMELEY proposed the health of the vi-
sitors who had honoured them with their presence.
The Honourable CAPTAIN EDWARDS said he was not alto-
gether a stranger to them, as he was very nearly and very
dearly connected with their beloved representative.—( Cheers. )
To every sentiment he had heard his heart had responded ten-
fold. It would be presumptuous for him to interfere with poli-
tics, nevertheless as politics was the right and the proud pri-
vilege of an Englishman, be must say that he carried his opi-
nions further than many of his friends.—( Loud cheers.) He
felt it his duty to press upon them unanimity, and efter the
spirit he had observed in that room, their success was certain.
No aristocratic influence could conquer such a spirit.—
(Cheers.) He had always been an advocate for Reform, be-
cause Reform placed the power of making the laws and go-
verning the country, in the hands to whom it alone belongs.—
( Cheers.) He hoped the people would turn it to account, and
carry all those rights of which they had been deprived.—
( Cheers.) ,They had now effected a great Municipal Reform,
and were preparing at Grantham to put it in execution. They
had only to turn to those walls to observe how they were
weeping, as if to wash away the stains of the old system.—
(Roars of laughter and repeated cheers.) He fervently hoped
that the same spirit of Reform would soon be extended to the
Church. —( Continued cheers. )
Mr. BEAUCLERC also returned thanks as a visitor, and though
he had been both a sailor and a soldier, his heart responded to
their feelings.—(Cheers.) He had been in many countries,
and had everywhere found the name of Englishman honoured
beyond that of any other nation in the world, because the
English name was synonymous with freedom.—( Cheers.)
When he looked from Mexico to Poland, and observed how
tyranny withered the nations in its grasp—when he observed
the bare paws of the despot of Russia, he thought of the duty
of an Englishman to resist its inroads, wherever they might
be made, whether by a petty tyrant or a princely one.—( Hear,
hear.), While he was abroad, he was delighted to hear of the
effect produced by the declaration of a Peer in a neighbouring
county, who, in a true Russian spirit; exclaimed, " Have I not
a right to do what I like with my own?"—(Excessive cheer-
ing.) Newcastle at Newark, and Nicholas at Warsaw, were
but incarnations of the same spirit of tyranny; and, happily for
England, the speech of the oppressor was half the battle of
Reform.—( Cheers.) He highly lauded the speech of Sir
Robert Peel on railroads, as indicative of a new spirit in dark
places ; and bore testimony to the eagerness with which Eng-
lish goods were everywhere demanded, and when refused by
law, obtained by smuggling, many instances of which he had
witnessed in Spain. He sat down amid great cheering.
Sir M. CHOLMELEY would next propose a body of much ca-
lumniated, but of most deserving individuals, "Lord Melbourne
and his Majesty's Ministers."—(Cheers.) They held office
under no common circumstances, and in no common times. A
mighty party was in opposition of great tact and unscrupulous
character—great pr'ejudices and much ignorance yet existed
on the part of the people, and really observing the difficulties
with which the Reforming Cabinet had to struggle, the won-
der was not that they had done so little, but that they had
effected so much.—(Great cheering.) The Reformers, too,
were diversified and disunited, while the Tories formed a
powerful and concentrated standing army, acting on the maxim
of Rob Roy
" The good old rule sufficeth them,
That they should take who have the power,
And they should keep who can."
—(Great cheering and laughter.) On the contrary; the Re-
formers were many of them raw recruits, each with his own
crotchet, reminding him of the undisciplined levies of Ameri-
can militia, as related by Mr. Matthews, who, exercising with
umbrellas instead of muskets, one of them being ordered to
ground his umbrella, answered, " I'll bed—d if I do, it is
a silk one."—( Great cheering arid laughter.) Many of us
think our umbrellas to be silk ones ; but it was a paramount
duty to lay aside all these partialities, crotchets, and differences,
and give our support as one man to our honest and excellent
Ministers.—( Very great cheering.)
Mr. CAYLEY would rrspose a toast that was most grateful to
him. As allusion had been made to machinery—it was one that
was connected with machinery—a machine of the mightiest
importance—the machine of mind, which conveyed sentiments
from man to man, and from pole to pole—the Press.—
(Cheers.) Without that machine, however well the seeds of
wisdom may be sown. they produce no fruit; but where it
exists they grow to luxuriance, and are wafted by the winds of
Heaven to all the corners of the earth—sown here, reaped
there.—(Cheers.) Wherever that machine exists, civil and
religious liberty flourishes, while corruption and despotism
perish.—( Cheers ) Much of the Press of London is in the
bands of their enemies, and the farmers get but a small mo-
dicum of justice ; but in the provinces it is otherwise, and no-
where have the agricultural interests been more ably—more
eloquently, or more faithfnlly supported—than in Lincoln-
shire, and by the Lincoln Gazette, the editor of whom he had
long known, and highly admired for his talents and his ser-
vices in the public cause.—(Great cheering.) It is with a
particular pleasure lie proposed nis health, for without such
assistance as he is able to give, it would be impossible for the
world to duly appreciate our motives and mark our actions.—
( Cheers.) The Press was a seed for that tree of knowledge
which was planted in the spring of time, and has known no
winter in the progress of ages.—(Cheers.) He would give
" Mr. Northhouse, and the " Liberty of the Press."—(Great
cheering.)
(The company demanding the honours, the toast was drank
with three times three:)
Mr. NoarrinorsE, in a long and very animated speech, re-
turned thanks. He took a rapid survey of the causes of na-
tional prosperity, for the purpose of proving, that where the
greatness of a State was not based upon agriculture, however
it might flourish for a time, it was hollow and ephemeral. Ile
alluded to Tyre, Phoenicia, and Carthage, now mere slsedows
of mighty names; and in modern times to Venice, the lion of
the Adriiitic, the grass-grown streets of Ghent, Bruges, the
Lombards, the Florentines, &ci Success in manufactures de-
pended on the proverbial fickleness of taste and fashion, and to
the inferiority of rivals, whieh would not last for ever. When
foreign nations equalled ourselves in machinery and manufac-
turing, where would Britain be with the exclusive weight of
her heavy burdens upon her back ?—( Loud cheers.) Even if
her manufacturing prosperity were
.permanent, he doubted
whether, morally, physically, or politically, it was desirable to
change her from a land of farms to a land of factories.—
( Hear, hear.) He proceeded to draw a frightful picture of a
mere manufacturing, population, and then discussed the Cur-
rency question, which, he insisted, was not one of principle
but of proportion, the precious metals at this moment not
being one-twentieth of the circulating medium. He ridiculed
the folly of imagining that when the productions of a nation
had been increased a hundred fold, and might be increased a
thousand fold, the medium of exchange should be limited to
the sole produce of the mines, which could not be made to
increase a half per cent. in a century, and showed that if we
really were confined to the few millions of gold and silver in
the country, wheat would be reduced to a penny a bushel,
and labour to a halfpenny a day, as in those times when
the great cathedrals were built, 'and when the Currency
was of the character some of our theorists desire it
to be ; but which would ill suit fixed rents, fixed taxes,
fixed tithes, and fixed wages. He reprobated the " more than
insanity" of a nation, after a long and exhausting war, while
yet weak and bleeding, doubling its burthens by diminishing
its currency, and the moment it became a paying, instead of
a borrowing State, determining to give two quarters of wheat
for every one it received.—(Loud cheers.) From discussing
the currency question, he proceeded to draw an appalling pic-
ture of the state of Ireland, occasioned by the absence of any
provision for the poor. The English market was flooded with
Irish produce, while there was a greater population per square
acre to cat it at home, than in the most fertile districts of
England. The reason was obvious—wages, where work could
be got, were about 6d. a day, while in England they were 25.,
the consequence of which was, that only 25 per cent. of therood
was consumed which might be consumed, and which would be
consumed, were wages the same in both countries. Huma-
nity, as well as policy, demanded poor laws for Ireland, to give
at once subsistence to the Irish peasant, and relief to the Bri-
tish farmer.—( Loud cheers.) Wretchedness and ruin must
result to both countries unless poor laws are adopted. The
ulcer of Irish demotalization would spread itself over England
and we should perish from the contagion.—(Cheers.) He con-
cluded by proposing the intelligent and gallant yeomanry of
Yorkshire, who had returned Mr. Cayley as their representa-
tive.—(Three times three.)
Mr. CAYLET thanked them most cordially for their kind-
ness to his constituents, who, in truth, were identified with
the yeomanry of Lincolnshire—they had the same cause, spirit,
and almost one representation, nasmuch as the circum-
stances under which he was elected, were precisely similar
to those of Mr. Handley. In his first return he had no aris-
tocratic families to support him, but nearly all were against
him ; yet the gallant yeomanry triumphantly returned him.—
(Cheers.) On the second occasion, when the Tories started
two candidates, the Whig acristocracy did come forward, but
still the honest yeomanry were his chief and his best friends.
—( Cheers.) The dales of the North Riding were filled with
small freeholders, who called no man master. Wcasleydale,
Swaledale, Teesdale, Danbydale and Glazedale were ani-
mated with one spirit, and that spirit was the spirit of freedom
—( Immense cheering.) I called them from their hills and
their dales, their mountains and their moors, and they re-
sponded to my call.—(lmmense cheering.) And while such
as they stand at our backs, what have my Gallant Friend and
myself to fear?—( Shouts of applause.) We may defy the
aristocracy, with their corruption, and their coercion. In-the
language of the
poet—
" Come one, come all—this rock shall fly
From its firm base as soon as Immense cheering.)
Major HANDLEY in a very neat speech proposed " Lady
Georgiana Cholmeley."
Sir M. CHOLMELEY returned thanks.
Mr. A Lux proposed " The Hon. Mrs. Handley and the
heiri‘fro.f
HCAaNI vvLE
ert hy orpe.''— Great cheering.)
returned
thanks.
Sir M. CHOLMELEY proposed the " Health of Major Brown,
with three times three."
Major BROWN returned thanks.
Mr. HANDLEY proposed the " Vice-President, Mr. Shield."
Mr. SHIELD returned thanks ; after which
Sir M. CHOLMELEY expressing an earnest hope that Mr.
Handley would have a freehold in his seat, retired amid
enthusiastic applause, and shortly after the company broke up.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — I Peruvian Bonds . —
Belgian Bonds 1 Ditto Account —
Ditto Account.
Brazilian Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto Account — Ditto New Bonds SIVA%
Buenos Ayres Bonds Ditto Account E,P4
Ditto Account Ditto, 3 per cent. 55%%
Chillian Bonds — Prussian Bonds
Ditto Account — Russian Bonds, 1821 lOB4
Coli.nab:arißonds — Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
-Columbian Bonds, 1821. 32 Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account — Ditto Account —
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds French, 5 per cent.
3 —f. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 - 4 per cent. f. —c.
_ -- per cent. —f. —c.
--- Exchange —f. —c.
Dutch, 21 per cent. sshi ,4
Ditto Account 55
Ditto, 5 per cent. lOl 1093
Ditto Account

Ditto Aor,ount
Mey.ican Bonds, 5 p,2r. cent
Ditto Account
Ditto, 6 per cent
Ditto Account
Neapolitan ........

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid, Per Share.

Brazilian Imperial Mining Co. (issued at 5/. pm ) 20
Ditto Macaubas Cocaes 2O
Bolivar Copper Mining Company 2O
3

Ditto Scrip ..,
General Mining Association l4
Real del Monte Mining Co., Registered 631. Ids. 6d,
Ditto Unregistered —
Brighton (Gibb s') Railway 1
Canada Company 2O
Provincial Bank of Ireland 25

1 04%
32
45.',

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, DECEMBER 18.
3 per Cent. Consols 9014 Grand Canal Deb.. 6 per cent. 86
Ditto Reduced - Ditto, 4 per cent
.. 57.N
3!.Sper Cent. Stock 94% Hibernian Bank
i)itto New, 1830
314 per Cent. Debentures 914 National Insurance Co -
Bank Stock - City Debentures, 4 per cent... 78
Royal Canal Stock 353;1 Ballast (Mice Debentures, 4
Grand Canal Stock 3514 per cent...lL -7-:

MAILS.
Arrived. Du:. Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due.
0 America 0 1 France I 0 Lisbon 0
, 2 Brazil 0 0 Guern. &Jersey 1 0 Malta
0 Buenos Ayres... 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico (1
n cartlinena 0 0 Holland 1 0 Ostend 0
2 Dublin 0 0 Jamaica 0 I Sweden 0
I Flanders

. _
HIGH N.N ATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
M0rning......... I minutes after .4. I Evening 19 minutes alter 4

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
THIS EVENING will be performed the New Grand Opera, entitled
THE SIEGE OF ROCHELLE.
Count de Rosemberg, Mr. Seguin ; Marquis de Valmour, Mr. Templet on
Montalban, Mr. Giubelei; Michel, Mr. H. Phillips.
Clara, Miss Shirrefr; Marcella, Miss F. Healy.
After which, the new Grand Operatic Drama entitled
THE JEWESS.
Cardinal de Brogny, Mr. Warde; Prince Leopold, Mr Cooper; The
Grand Provost of Constance, Mr. Giubelei; The Bishop of Constance,
Mr. Seguin ; Eleazar, Mr. Vandenhoff.
Rachel, Miss E. Tree ; the Princess Eudocia, Miss Forde.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.
The Box-office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
Boxes, 7s. ; Second Price, Ss. 6d.—Pit, 35. 6d. ; Second Price, 2s. ;
Gallery, 2s. ; Second Price, ls.—Upper Gallery, Is. ; Second Trice, 6d.

CAPTAIN MARRYAT'S NEW WORK.
Now ready, in 3 vols. post Bvo. ,
TAPHET IN SEARCH OF A FATHER
U By the Author of " Peter Simple," " Tales of a Puha:" &c. &c,
Saunders and Otley, Conduit-street, Hanover-square.

HAMBURG, NOVEMBER 17, 1835.
THE TICKETS of the 67th GREAT LOT-
TERY of the STATE of HAMBURG, selling most
rapidly, and being-nearly cleared ofic
HEINE BROTHERS, the CONTRACTORS,
Beg to state that
NO TIME IS TO BE LOST
in ordering, if desired to be obtained before a
RISE IN PRICE.
To those remitting a 10/. note without delay, they will, on execut-
ing the order, remit a surplus of 21. by return of post. But to any
person remitting 101. after the establishment of a higher rate than
the original price of 8/., they-will be obliged to return his own re-
mittance, leaving the order unexecuted.
To those remitting.2ol., they will return 4/. ; and to those re-
mitting 301., they will return 6/., provided they be in time for
meeting attention.

The publication of TIIE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at. Three o' Clock.

kr-)
=
„petmay'>l f - -4
-

their power to prepare the slaves for the reception of New Granada. This is of the . utmost importance
free institutions. This" includes a summary of the Were his Holiness to withhold his sanction from the
questions touched upon ; but we cannot say that the new government, it could not maintain itself against
American's reasoning brought conviction to our mind. the zeal of the religious enthusiasts, and the priests.
The Quotidienne says-" It is reported that the dinner
Presuming that England encouraged slavery in Ate-
on the Emperor of Russia's birth-day, to which the Minis-
rica, during the colonization of that country, will
ters and the diplomatic body, and the Russians at Paris,
an American pretend that a reverence for Great. Bri- are invited every year, will not take place."
tain is the cause of the permanence of the system ? The celebrated Viscount Laine died yesterday morning,
at the age of 68. He has left no children.-Mmager,
Was it not quite as easy for the Americans to discover
Dec. 18.
that slavery was an evil-a foul wrong-an inhuman Pnais. DEC. 18.-The Moniteur has no news from Oran.
aggression on the inherent rights of others, as that we The Journals of the South have no news from the fron-
were a nation of oppressors whose yoke was intolera-
tier of Spain. We only find that the 500 men, who have,
arrived from Bilboa, are English. They have a battery of
ble ? Was it not to be expected that those who were Congreve rockets with them.
so enamoured of liberty as to regard the British Con- A letter in the Journal de Paris and the Moniteur, re-
stitution as too aristocratical, would commence their peats the details already known of the situation of the two
armies ; it says, however, that General Guerque, who ar-
career of freedom by declaring it infamous 'in any
rived at Estella on the 2d, has been arrested, and is to be
citizen to carry on a traffic in human flesh ? Indivi-
tried by a Court Martial. This does not prove that his
duals among- the Americans may regret the existence expediti
Cart
ist o Catalonia had the success so long spoken of
y t bhel Js.
of slavery, and we have no doubt do ; but that does FRENCH FUNDS.-PAnni, DECEMBER 18.
not exonerate the Government from the culpability of - . Five per Cents., 108 f. 40c. 60c. 'soc. 40c.
Four per Cents., Of. 50c.
. Three per Cents. 79c. 45c. 50c. 40c. 45c.
tacitly encouraging it. According to the table of the
National Loan. 108 f. 50c.
census given in this pamphlet, the number of slaves in Bank Actions, 2,145 f.
Bente de Naples, gif. 15c. 20c. ICc.
the United States is 2,002,177, or more than one-third Roman Five per Cents., 101%. •
Royal Spanish Loan, 36.
of the entire population! Besides, it is ridiculous to Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 101t4.
Portuguese Luan, Five per Cents., 85 81%.
talk of a desire to abolish slavery in the very teeth of Haytian Loan, 395 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
laws for preventing the diffusion of knowledge among One month, paper, 25f. 55c. ; money, 25t 52i4e.
the slaves. ' This damning fact is even admitted by Three months, paper, 25f. 40c. ; money, 25f. 37 .2c.
-(ours Authentioue.
_ the writer.

Our extracts from the German journals received this
day will satisfy our readers as to the acute pain which
the strictures of the French and English Press on the
speech of the CZAR to the Municipality of Warsaw
has occasioned the Cabinets of Berlin and St. Pe-
tersburg. Every thing is done to throw discre-
dit on the Journal des Debats' version of that
ferocious diatribe ; and yet, on referring to our
file, we find that the version given in the
Frankfort Journal, on the authority of Russia,
is five times more abominable than that which was
given by our. Parisian contemporary. But the fact is
that the despots in the North are furious that any per-
son should dare to publish their murderous threats.
The CZAR too forgot himself in admitting that he had
spoken at all at -Warsaw. Had he followed his usual
course he would have at once denied that a speech had
been made, though all Poland was an ear-witness to

The defeat of Mr. HANBURY in Northamptonshire,
is not that proof of re:action among the farmers which
the Tory Journals would fain make us believe ; but
which the large meetings in Lincolnshire, and the in-
sight which these meetings furnish of the system by
which Tory votes are obtained, completely controvert.
It will be seen from the speech of Mr. HEALEY, who
represents the feelings of the yeomanry, that .the pro-
mises and pledges of the tenantry are treated with dis-
dain by the arbitrary and brutal landlords ; while Mr.
ALLix furnishes an apt illustration of the true opi-
nions of the farmers, in the striking fact—that many of
them had declared that they could give their money
where they could, not give their votes, and would sub-
scribe their sovereign a piece to secure the return of
the very candidate against whom they were compelled
to poll With many of the arguments and proposi-
tions respecting the currency, advanced by Mr. CAY-•
LEY and Mr. NORTHOUSE at this meeting, we can-
not concur ; though to the practical measure which is
clearly aimed at, though not expressed, by both these
gentlemen--viz., the re-issue of one-pound notes, upon
a safe and sound basis, we might, under certain cir-
cumstances, not altogether disapprove. We may re-
turn to this subject on a future occasion.

its delivery.
It will be seen too, that the Duke of BRUNSWICK
is preparing to purge his territory of the influence of
public opinion. His Highness has always evinced a
becoming horror of the doctrines of the learned, so
that his Ordinance of the sth instant is quite in
character.

A correspondence has appeared in a Morning Paper,
which affords an edifying illustration of that meek be-
nevolence so happily blended with impartial justice,
which has long distinguished the Bishop of EXE-
TER above all other Christian Prelates. Dr. •C AR-
WITHEN, the excellent and exemplary Rector of Ma-
naton, having the prospect of being removed to ano-
ther Living, was anxious, naturally enough, that his
son should succeed him in that which he was about to
vacate, and of which the patronage has been in
the CAItWITHEN family for two hundred years. The
young man passed his examination in a most satisfac-
tcry manner, and as the Bishop of EXETER'S annual
Ordination would be held about a month before Mr.
CA RWITHEN would attain the age required for enter-
ing into Holy Orders, the Right Reverend Prelate
gave him letters dimissory to the Bishop of WiNcirEs-
TER, whose Ordination was later, and who would, as a
matter of course, have ordained him to the Curacy of
Manaton, which he was intended by his father to hold
until he resigned that Living.
Now, mark the conduct of Dr. PHILPOTTS. The
moment he finds from the Gazette that Dr. CAR-
WI THEN was appointed to Bovey Tracey, he recalls
letter which he had written to the Bishop of WIN-
CHESTER, in order that Mr. CAItWITHEN might not
succeed to the curacy of Manaton Dr. CA R-
WITHEN is highly respected in Devonshire. He is,
moreover, a man of liberal sentiments in politics.
These, it must be admitted, are two excellent reasons
for the Bishop of EXETER'S enmity. In the letter
which the Bishop writes to Dr. CA RWIT HEN, he
subscribes himself the Doctor's " faithful friend and
brother." Is his the " brotherly kindness" recom-
mended by the apostle PAUL ?

ARRIVALS t , F

From Whence.

A 10.liorot tgh
Bridport
Mar
).
'Colchester
i.' Harwich
cli Leigh
'` Mahlon
Exeter
Ipswich
Kent
I,y n n
Newcastle
Poole
Scarborough
Southwohl
Wisbeach
Woodbridge
Yarmouth
Aberdeen
Arbroath
Bann
Berwick .
Montrose
Wick

IRISH.
Cork
Dublin
Limerick ......
Sligo

L 251
870

.'? 1
.i:

Qr.. Sa

173 SE
296

933 42,

Total ...

9:6 I 40
