32, GREAT RUSSELL-STREET, BLOOMSBURY, and
No. 16, PRINCES-STREET, HANOVER-SQUARE.
/EINERAL SUCCEDANEUM
_lit FOR FILLING DECAYED TEETH,
LOOSE TEETH FASTENED,
AND LOSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED.
Monsieur MALLAN, and Son, Surgeon Dentists, 32, GREAT
RSSELL-STREET,' BLOOMSBURY, and 16, PRINCES-STREET,
II ANOVE
R_sQUARE, continue to restore DECAYED TEETH
with their MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM, (of which they are the
Solo INVENTORS and POSSESSORS), without pain, heat, oi•
pressure, and FASTEN LOOSE TEETH, whether arising
m age, neglect, disease of the Gums, the use of Calomel, or
any other cause. They have_ also discovered a NEW COMPOSI-
TION for ARTIFICIAL TEETH. A peculiar advantage attending
Teeth
made from this_ SUBSTANCE is, that they are totally imper_
virus
to acids. ARTIFICIAL T
je TEETH have hitherto been foun I ob-
torable by INVALIDS taking MEDICINES which have a tendency
to DISCOLOUR them, and by persons of bilious habits. Messrs. M. havi,
been successful in obviating these objections by their NEW DISCO-
VERY, and they ran fix the above without extracting the STUMPS, or
causing any incumbrance, and even on G UMs of the most tender nature
protecting the adjoining Teeth, however loose. No WI ICES or LIGA,
TURES are used, and they MATCH the ORIGINAL TEETH is poini
of Shape II
and Colour. GUARANTEED for MASTICATION and AR.
T ICULATION. In consequence of their improvements in the media.
nical department of Dentistry, they are enabled to reduce their charges to
the following
scale:—
ial Tooth ......................................... £0 10 0
AComplete Set .... ,„ .. ...... . .... ... ........................ 55 0
A Complete Set of Natural, . fine gold plate_ 15 0 0
A Set of Messrs. Malian s Incorrodible Teeth, highly
finished, with fine gold sockets, in the first style .. 40 0 0
Filling a Decayed Tooth with Mineral Succedaneum 05 n
N.B._mons. ;MALLAN, Sen, may be consulted daily as usual, at 3.,
Great Russell-stet Bloomsbury, where he has been established since-
EDWARD MALLAN, at 16, Princes street, Han
OYU,
1821., and Mona.
square.
Charges as moderate as in Paris.

Nearly 766:(K0 British and Irish females have appealed to
the Queen, on behalf of their suffering fellow subjects in the
Colonies, and petition!, we believe, almost, if not altogether
unexampled in number, have been forwarded to both Houses,
to such an extent, that Lord Brougham presented 200 in one
night, and seemed at a loss what to do with the number still
remaining on his hands.
In addition to these we have the Marquis of Sligo, late Go-
♦ernor of Jamaica, who must be intimately acquainted, from his
residence there, with the circumstances of the country, nobly
coming forward to declare that all his slaves shall be free on
the Ist of August—thus showing his conviction of their fitness
for liberty ; and we rejoice to add, several others have followed
his example.
The House of Assembly in Monserrat, has decided that the
apprenticeship shall terminate on the Ist of August, and the
Governor of Barbadoes has recommended a similar course in
that island.

To cur anti-slavery friends, we would then say, persevere in
getting up and forwarding petitions—continue agitating the
subject in your respectice districts—the cause is not lost, for
though oppression and cruelty may for a while prevail against
truth, justice and humanity, right must ultimately triumph,
and in the determination of the delegates to press forward
their movements more vigorously than ever, we believe we ace
the certainty of final success.
Already two amendments are announced by Members of
Parliament, to be moved on the Government Bill ; one for the
liberation
of the females, another for the abolition of the ap-
prenticeship in Jamaica, and these will probably be superseded
by a fresh motion, for entire emancipation.
Since writing the above, we have received The Sun of Wed-
nesday evening, giving a very full account of the meeting
held at Exeter-112'11. The Marquis of Clanricarde was in the
Chair, and nobly advocated the cause of Negro freedom. On
no previous occasion have our hopes been more confident as to
the final success of the measure.
The proceedings were characterised by great vigour and de-
termination, and the friends of humanity were urgently called
upon to renew their exertions by a fresh petitioning, holding
meetings,' spreading information on the subject, and calling
on their Parliamentary representatives to vote for theimmedi-
ate abolition of the apprenticeship system. We confidently
trust this call will be promptly responded to. The Bill in the
Upper House is still in progress. Petitions in both Houses
may be very short—proofs are trot now wanting ; we have only
to call for justice in the entire unconditional freedom of the
Negro.

Last week, a Roman sepulchral urn was found by
a brickmalter named Gowen, near Caister church, and within
a short distance of a field where a man last year, whilst et
work, struck his plough into the arch of an ancient vault, or,
as some suppose, a place used as a granary by the Roman le-
gion when stationed in this part of the country. The urn is
entire, and is three parts filled with a hard mixture of earth,
ashes, and pieces of bone.—Norfolk Chronicle.
In the vale of Lune the weather has generally been
uncongenial. At the beginning of the week we had very hard
frosts at night, wind N. E.
