LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 14, 1831.

This day was published, in Syn. price One Shilling,
NOTES ON THE REFORM BILL.
By a BARRISTER. _

Printed forkoake and Varty, 31, Strand.
Of whom may he had, fer General Distribution,
1. DIALOGUES on REFORM, price One Penny.
2. The REAL CHARACTER and TENDENCY
of the Proposed REFORM, 17th Edition, price One
Penny.

This day were publi.hed, in 2 vols. Bye. 265. boards,
JITERARY RECOLLECTIONS.
A By the Bev. RICHARD WARNER, F.A.S.

Rector of Great Chalfield, Wilts, &c.

" We have seldom seen so much good sense, and still
more rarely so much good humour, united with a greater
Abundance of charitable feeling and innocence of purpose.
The style is remarkably forcible, chaste, and elegant.
Monthly Review.
Printed for Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, and Green.

This day was published, in Three Vols. Bvo., price 365.
boards,

rrHE POLITICAL LIFE of the RIGHT
HON. GEORGE CANNING ; with a Short
Review of Foreign Affairs.
By AUGUSTUS .GRANVILLE STAPLETON, Esq.
Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, and Green.
" The work is composed in a style of connected narra-
tion, which renders it historically interesting and instruc-
tive, while it exhibits, in true and natural colours, one of
the most vigorous and expansive minds that ever moved
the machine of human destiny."—Liverpool Courier.

NOVELS RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY LONG.
MAN, REES, ORME, BROWNE, AND GREEN.
THE TALBA ; or, Moor of Portugal.
A Romance.
By Mrs. BRAY.
Three Vols. post Svo. 275. board..
The BARONY, a Romance. By Miss ANNA MARIA
PORTER. 3 vols. 12mo. 275. boards,
BEATRICE; a Tale founded on Facts. By Mrs.
HOFLAND. 3 vole. 12mo. 21s. boards.
SIR ETHELBERT, or the DISSOLUTION of MO-
NASTERIES. A Romance. By the Author of " Santo
Sebastiano." 3 vols. 12mo. 24e. boards.

This day was published, handsomely printed in octavo,
with Two Maps, price
ANARRATIVE of a VISIT to the
COURT of SINDE at lIYDERABAD ; a
SKETCH of the HISTORY of CUTCH, from its first
connexion with the British Government in India, till the
conclusion of the Treaty of 1819 ; and some remarks on
the MEDICAL TOPOGRAPHY of BHOOJ.
By JAMES BURNES,
Surgeon to the Residency at Bhooj.
Only a very limited number of copies printed for sale.
Printed for Robert Cadell, Edinburgh ; and Whittaker
ani Co., London,
Who have just published,
DESTINY, a Tale, by the Author of " Marriage"
and " The Inheritance," 3 vols. 1/. 11, 6d.

This day was published, with Illustrations by the Ba-
roness, etched by George Cruickskank, Esq. price 2s.

THE CAT'S TAIL ; being the HIS-
TORY of CHILDE MERLIN. A Tale.

By the Baroness de KATZLEBEN,
Authoress of other Touching Tales and Pathetic Pieces.
Printed for W. Blackwood, Edinburgh ; and T. Cadell,
London.

This day was published, in one large volume Bvo. with
163 illustrative Engravings on Wood, price 14a. in
boards,

LILEMENTS of BOTANY and VEGE-
TABLE PHYSIOLOGY, including the Charac.

ter of the Natural Families of Plants.
By A. RICHARD, M.D.
Translated from the Fourth Edition,
By W. MACGILLIVRAY, A.M.
Printed for W. Blackwood, Edinburgh; and T. Ca4ll,
Strand, London.

This day was published, in 2 vols. Bvo. price 1/. Is. in
boards, a New Edition, being the Fifth, with Two
new Engravings of Knox and the Regent Murray, from
original Pictures, _ _

IFE of JOIN KNOX ; containing E.
lustrations of the HISTORY of the REFOR-
MATION in SCOTLAND. With Biographical Notices
of the principal Reformers, and Sketches of the Progress
of Literature in Scotland during the Sixteenth Century;
and an Appendix, consisting of Original Papers.
By THOMAS M'CRIE, D.D.

Printed for W. Blackwood, Edinburgh ; and T. Cadell.
London.

Of whom may be had, by the same Author,

I. HISTORY of the PROGRESS and SUPPRES-
SION of the REFORMATION in SPAIN, during the
Sixteenth Century. Bvo. 10s. 6el.
2. HISTORY of the PROGRESS and SUPPRES-
SION of the REFORMATION in ITALY during the
Sixteenth Century. Including a Sketch of the History
of the Reformation in the Gris.ins. Svo. 10s. 641.
3. The LIFE of ANDREW MELVILLE. The Se-
cond Edition. 2 vols. Svo. 1/. 4s.
4. MEMOIRS of Mr. WILLIAM VEITCH, Minister
of Dumfries, and GEORGE BRYSSON, Merchant in
Edinburgh. Written by themselves. With other Nar-
ratives illustr►tive of the History of Scotland, from the
Restoration to the Revolution. To which are added, Bio-
graphical Sketches and Notes. Bvo. 12s.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, AritlL 13.

Lord WYNFORD sat as Deputy Speaker, in the absence
the Lord Chancellor.

Lord HOOD took the oaths and hiq seat.

The Earl of HARDWICKE presented a petition from
Cambridgeshire in favour of Reform.
Lord ROLLE presented a petition from Exeter against
the Reform Bill. The Noble Lord concurred entirely
with the prayer of the petition, expressing his opinion
that the repeal of the assessed taxes anti the malt duties
would have tended much more to the benefit of the people.
Lord SKELMERSDALE presented a petition from a
congregation in M mcliester against slavery.
Lord KING presented petitions from. Spafields and
several other places to the same effect.
Lord FEVERSHAM presented a petition from Wig
town in favour of Reform.

Lord GOWER presented a petition from the Stafford-
shire Potteries, praying for the removal of the duty on
muriatic acid.

The Bills on the table were forwarded a stage, and the
House adjourned at Twenty Minutes before Six o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, APRIL 13.

The SPEAKER took the Chair precisely at Three o'clock.

Mr. LITTLETON moved for a new writ for tLe
county of Sussex, in the room of Mr. Walter Burrell, de-
oeased.—Ordered.

Several private Bills were forwarded a stage, and others
read a third time and passed.
A new Member took the oaths and his seat.

Mr. CALCRAFT presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Wareham, praying that they may be allowed to
fiend a Member to Parliament.

The Marquis of CHANDOS presented a petition from
Henry Leady, of Bristol, praying for an inquiry into the
state of the West Indies. .The Noble Marquis also pre-
sented a petition from Buckinghamshire, in favour of the
Relorm Bill. Also a petition from Chipping Wickham,
and from Sir Harcourt Lees, against the Bill. The Noble
Lord also presented two petitions frora Olney and Wad-
stone, for an alteration in the poor laws ; and from a
village in Buckinghamshire, for an inquiry into the state of
slavery in the West Indies.

Mr. COOPER presented a petition from Sligo against
the Bill for Reform. The Hon. Member said he fully
concurred in the prayer of the petitioners.
Mr. PRITTIE presented a petition from the High
Sheriff, Magistrates, and other inhabitants of the county
of Tipperary, complaining of the distress that existed, and
praying that the House would pass an efficient Bill for a
Reform in the representation of the people.
Lord FRANCIS OSBORNE presented several peti-
tions from Cambridgeshire against negro slavery.
Mr. WESTERN said he had to present a petition from
the county of Essex, for Parliamentary Reform. The peti-
tion was agreed to at a meeting regularly convened by the
Sheriff, and he (Mr. W.) was of opinion that whatever
means might be made use of to get up petitions against it,
the sense of the people of. England was decidedly in favour
of the measure. He was sorry to hear the Noble Lord
agree to snake some alterations in the Bill. The advo-
cates of moderate Reform he considered as dangerous ene-
mies, against whom the friends of Reform must be on their
guard. What he wished for was, the Bill—the whole
Bill, and nothing but the Bill.—(Hear.)—He hoped
Members would not consent to make any, even the least
alteration.—(Heam)

Colonel TYRELL did not deny the respectability of the
county meeting, but when he recollected the exertions that
had been made by the other Member for Essex and the
Hon. Member for St. Ives (who was the Member for
Essx de jure)—when he remembered their exertions, be
was more disposed to congratulate his Hon. Colleague than
feel any surprise at the unanimity which prevailed at the
meeting. The public prints, which gave an account of
that meeting, purposely omitted to mention the digression
which was made by the Hen. Member for Colchester on
the subject of Ecclesiastical property. As to the Reform
Bill, it seemed that was now to be reformed again ; and
when it was brought under the notice of the House he
should state his objections to it.
Mr. WELLESLEY said he had never tried to influence
any one of his tenantry to take a part in favour of Reform
or against it. The feeling of the county of Essex had
been most unequivocally expressed in favour of this great
public measure.—(Hear.) The people of the towns who
had but a few years ago been the most zealous tories, were
now all of them in favour of Reform.—(Hear.) He had
already delivered his own opinions on the subject, and
trusted most sincerely to see the Bill passed.
• Mr. STANLEY felt himself called on to address a few
observations to the House on the question, after what bad
fallen from the two Hon. Members who last addressed
them. An opinion, prising from some misapprehension
of what the Noble Paymaster of the Forces (Lord J.Rus-
sell) said yesterday evening, seemed to have gone forth,
that it was the intention of the Government to admit of
some alterations in the principle of the Bill which that
Noble Lord had introduced to the House. Now he (Mr.
Stanley) felt called on to repeat what had been frequently
said before—and he regretted much the Noble Paymaster
was not present to give the assertion the weight of his au-
thority and the sanction of his approval —that it was not
the intention of his Majesty's Government in any, even
degree to deviate from the broad principles on
ltvhhe
He repeated, that no deviation from the principle of the
isciliigthhteesßt'eform Bill was originally framed.—(Hear.)—
measure (and he wished the Noble Lord was present to ex.
press his entire concurrence in the declaration) either now
was, or at any time had been, in the contemplation of his
Majesty's Government.—(Hear.) There could not be a
greater misconception of the meaning of the Noble Lord,
than to suppose it was the intention of Government to de-
vista in the least from its determination to secure the
entire disfranchisement of those boroughs which come
beneath a certain boundary line of population which had
been distinctly marked out and explained ; and to carry
into effect the partial disfranchisement Of those other bn:
roughs which are within another boundary, which was
also distinctly declared.—(Hear, hear.)—On that point
the Government were resolved there should be no altera-
tion, except what the Noble Lord said at the introduc
Lion .:'
this
jillt,ae boroughs repeated on subsequent occasions--
that n
o 3 orouglis thus included in schedule A
and B could prove that they did not come within the rule
of population laid down as the boundary in those cases,
th
at those boroughs would, on proving their case, be en-
titled f h
exemption from that disfranchisement which
must be tarried into effect with regard to the others.—
gea, )--That the disfranchisement of the boroughs would
I,e carried to its full extent was, however, his entire
irlehi,,emecon-
viction ; and with respect to the numbers of the House,
n t,but augmented,
from t that
c „n thef er aruing-g
he had only to say, that if it was determined the number
originally proposed should be
Joentation would be made good not f
u g
from any of the bo-
r h to
named for disfranchisement,
a right of representation on other great and important
towns for which claims might be put forth in the event
of the House deciding that its numbers should not be so
ranch diminished.—(Hear.)
• Sir E. SUGDEN confessed that, after what had fallen
from the Noble Lord last night, he heard the declaration
of the Right Hon. Gentleman, that there was to be no
change in the principle of the Bill, with considerable sur-
prise--(Hear, hear.) What was the principle of the Bill
but its details.._( Cries of " Oh !" from the Ministerial
Bench.) He had listened to the Right Hon. Gentleman
with courtesy, and he expected the same courtesy from
him and his colleagues.—(Hear.) He repeated, the rin-
ciple of the Bill was to be found in working •
the of its
details. These details, therefore, formed the principle of
the Bill; and the alteration of any ofthem I
one
contended, an alteration of the principle.—(Hear, hear.)
Now, he would beg the House to mark what fell from the
Right Hon. Gentleman in explanation of the declarations
of his Nob!e Colleague the Paymaster of the Forces. The
Right lion. Gentleman says, that if the House
to make any alteration •
with respect to numbers, the addi-
tions are to be given to great and populous towns. Was
this or was it not an alteration
of the principle of the Bill ?
He contended it teas a great and important alteration.—
it overturned the whole h
of that system of proportion be-
tween the landed and manufact • uring interests, on which the
Bill had been, it was
of declared, originally framed, and threw
tti vast preponderance of influence into the hands of the manu-
facturers. This change the original principle would, in
fact, draw it line. between the two classes, and produce a
complete separation, through the
efuttrewotrkingashf the
.provi-
sions, which restricted th
between those two interests
w.hicxherh!aisde
h(iiifthtetet,f,rahnecehnis,eo
advantageously united. He repeated, that the fill was
