ENGLISH FUNDS

Rank Sock, 219 919
India Stock 230 7
3 per Cent. r ()SIN
Do. for Aecut.nt, uu},k
Pitt* 'Reduced. 9I

tX)111C10

Brazilian, 72 3
Buenos Ayres 32 34
Chilink 27 24
Colombian, e26' 9
Danish, 70% 7f 1A
Preneh 5 per Cent.
Ditto 3 per Cent.

t per Cent. 92% %
414 per Cent. new, 104% 3
4 per Cent. 1826,
hulls Elands, lit} BI
Exchequer Dills, 74 'l4
FLINTY).
Greek, 374_38
Mexican, ;KAII
Peruvian, 22 IA
Pnrtusuese, 4080
Prussian,
Human 10714 •
Fipanish, 17% %

rI.4LP-PAST ONE.

All is anxiety in the City owing to a report that
an express has arrived from Paris, and the contents not
having transpired ; all that we can say on the subject is, no
express has arrived as yet at the regular quarter. We
have a report that the King of France is gone towards
Brnssels; and that Central La Fayette has the command
of the National Guards.

• Consols have lowered since the early part of the morn-
ing, when they were 91; at present they may be quoted
at 9011 1, with little doing, as the speculators will not
venture before they have further accounts from Paris.
In Shares nothing doing; Phoenix Gas, 7 pin. ; South
Metropolitan (ass, 21pm.
TWO O'CLOCK:
An express hes arrived in the City from Paris, but its
contents have gone to the west end of the town.
. .

We understand that Paris Is itt the hands of the people.
The Duke of Ragusa with a large force is at its gates,
and is determined to starve them out. The King, with
the Foreign Ambassadors, are at Vincennes. Great con-
fusion prevails there : nothing is suffered to go in or out
of Paris.
' Consols, DOI I

THRER O'CLOCK.

On' establishing himself at St. James's, his
AiAnsT7 4nnoonced his intention of holding three levees,
and giving five public dinners; after which the Royal
Family will make some stay at Windsor, visit Portsmouth
and Plymouth, and settle at Brighton for the close of the
autumn.— Court Journal.

The standard for recruits in the Royal Ma-
rine 4 has been lowered half au inch, viz. from five feet
eight ineliet to five feet seven inches and a half, for men
from the no of 18 to 20.

The south side of the Palace of liolyrood
Muse, which requires to be repaired, and the front re-
newed, is to be immediately overhauled. The dead wall
which inclines that part of the. Palace is to be removed,
anda hunker-nu railing put up, which will extend from the
south-west corner to Craftangry.—Edinburalt Observer.
MURDER Ix FirE.—A murder, of a very
atrocious description, has just been discovered in the
neighbourhood of Cow, in Fife. About ten ur twelve
days ago a respectable old man, named Altura, who re-
sided there, in a house surrounded by a garden and park,
disappeared in a somewhat mysterious manner ; and, sus-
picions having been excited that he bed been murdered,
scorch was made in his grounds, when his body, muti-
late., by a buttoner, or some such instrument, was found
buried in the garden. A Man, who acted, we hive heard,
int his servant, and wbote Twee is Ilaunzaaoir, has been
-Apo:chew-led on tuipiciort of hiring pfrketrotoill this bur.
I rihleorlinei add is lit/Witt CUPiti VIOL • ' '

,~ ti

wgwrmisTnit, EtiCTION4TIIIS DAY,)

Man early hour thia morning vast crowds began to cal-
led in. C'ovent-garden market; which, as the day advanced,
became more and more dense around every i.venue leading
by St. Paul's, in front of the facade of which the hust-
ings were, as usual, erected. The circumstance of Satur-
day being the chief market day of the week, combined with
the extreme fineness of the weather, the crowd collected
by eleven o'clock presented an appearanee which we hive
rarely if ever seen equalled. As the morning advanced
the heat became intolerable, and the perspiration from the
mob, and from the crushed cabbages, (of which a plenti-
ful supply had been scattered in front of the hustings),
ascended in a cloud strongly resembling a Scotch mist,
although diffusing by no means so grateful an odour.
Mr. Lee, the Head Constable of Westminster, was in
attendance at an early hour, and a very stioug posse
of constables were stationed all around, and at every
entrance leading to the hustings. It is necessary to state
that none of the new police were in attendance, and if we
may judge of the reception they would have met with
from the mob, by the marked sentiments of abhorrence
which resounded from all quarters whenever any unhappy
member of the corps made his appearance, we should con-
clude, that it was a fortunate circumstance that none of
them were.

Precisely at twelve o'clock the High Sheriff of West-
minster, followed by the two candidates, Sir Francis Bur-
dett and J. C. Hobhouse, arrived at the boating*, accom-
panied by a strong party of their respective friends.
Amongst those friends we observed Mr. linme, Colonel
Jones, and Mr. ' Adams. The deputy-bailiff, (Mr.
Smedley) read the writ issued for the return of two Mem-
bers to represent the City of Westminster in Parliament.
After which, Sir Richard Birnie (having administers l
the oaths) exhorted the assembled multitude to preserve
as much order as possible upon the occasion ; and then
retired, wish* them all a good morning.
The oaths against bribery and corruption were then
read by the Sithotheriff.

The Hunt SHERIFF ( Arthur Morris, Esq.) then ad-
vanced to the front of the hustings, and spoke to the fol-
lowing effect.—Gentlemen,—you are assembled here to
elect two Members to represent this city in Parliament.--
(Cries of, " Yes, and we will elect two honest ()ries.")
Your old Members have again come forward as candidates
fur the highest honour attainable in a civilized nation, to
represent a free people in the British Legislature. Both
Sir Francis liurdett and Mr. Hobhouse will be put in
nomination, and allow me to crave an indulgent hearing
to whatever they may wish to state.—(Applsuse.)
Mr. LINDIH proposed Sir Francis Burdett, which was
seconded by Mr. G. Purse, of Gerrard-street, Soho.
Mr. DX VERE of Lisle•street, proposed John Cam
Hobhonse, Esq. which nomination having been seconded,
Sir FRANCIS Busman addressed the electors in a speech
of eery great length, but such was the tumult which
raged from all quarters during the time the Hon. Baronet
was speaking, that it was perfectly impossible, even for
those persons situated close beside him to catch two consecu-
tive sentences of his speech. We understood the Hon. Bart.
to commence by the expression of the high gratification
he experienced at seeing so numerous a body of electors as-
sembled on the present occasion. He rejoiced at the
spirit of unanimity which appeared to animate them, since
he could not fail from inferring from it that his past services
had met with the approbation of his constituents.
It was a glorious sight to see so vast a multitude assembled
to exercise their Constitutional detail, at a period when,
above all others, they were called upon to maintain the
dearly-cherished principles of public freedom. He had
now had the honour of representing the city of • West-
minster (luring a long succession of years—he had, on lib,
first appearance before them, advanced his fixed and un-
alterable opinions as to the subject of Parliamentary
Reform, and his past experience hail only tended to
strengthen the justness and correctness of these opinions.
The struggle bad been a long and difficult one, but the
triumph was now certsin.—(Applause.)—He would,
however, urge them to relax none of their exertions, since
the present was certainly the most auspicious moment
for the friends of Reform, which had ever occurred
since the Revolution.—( Great applause. )—lndeed he could
not for a moment doubt, alter seeing the spirit which ani-
mated the present meeting, that the cause was altogether
out of danger ; or, if it needed any stimulus, he would
point to the recent example set by the people of a neigh-
bouring nation. lie would bare them look to the glorious
struggle now going en in• France—he would have them re-
gard the auspicious circumstance of Mr. Brougham and
Mr. Hume (than whom warmer advocates to the cause did
not exist) the former having been called upon to stand for
the county of York, end sbt latter for Middlesex, These
circumitanceo,'lM would repeat, were sufficiently cheering
to urge them on to renewed exertions, until their object
eves fully accomplished. They ought also to bear in mind
that they now had a King not personally inimical to the
measure, and when he (Sir Francis Burdett) saw
that even those persons filling Government offices,
and enjoying public pension', were at length com-
pelled to acqiiiesce in its necessity, he could not for a mo-
ment doubt of its ultimate success., The spirit of Reform
was abroad in every nation throughout civilized Europe,
but be trusted England would be the first in effecting its
success; and when he remembered what the English
people had already done—when he reflected that they
bad already done more acts of wisdom, justice, gene-
rosity, and kindness,
than any other nation, he
could not for a moment (1(44 that be should be
dreappointerl.—(lmmense applause.) The Honourable
Member, after having highly eulogised Mr. Brougham
and Mr. Hume, and augured the most beneficial
and marked effects from their elections for Yorkshire
and Middlesex, concluded by assuring the electors that he
would rather forfeit his lite than swerve in the least de-
gree from the political principles which had ever actuated
his public life. The Hon. Member retired amidst 'much
applause, not, however, unmixed with hisses and other
marks of disapprobation.

Mr. Honnoust next advanced, and was also received
with mixed applause and disapprobation—it would appear
that Mr. Hobhouee's voters in the subject of the Select
Vestry Bills, had furnished the principal grounds of Corn-
plaint amongt his constituents. It W4ll quite impossible
to collect the Ord few sentences of his speech, owing
to the tumult. When be became audible, he was en-
larging on the high honour they had conferred upon him,
on previous occa.ions in electing him as one of their Re-
presentatives in the House of Commons ; at the outset of
his public career he had fairly and implicitly stated what
would be the political principles which would guide his
conduct, and he bad no hesitation is now publicly dechr-
ing that he had never once on any occasion deviated from
the strict line of duty prescribed by those principles.—.
(Applause and hisses.)—fle would defy any one present
to point out a single instance in which he had done so.—
(Cheers.)—One principle had always kept him consistent
—had always supplied him with energy to persevere in
his consistency—it was the grand principle now acknow-
ledged on all bands, namely, that that country alone could
be fairly governed in which every individual was
eligible to a full ,participation in all the honour'
capable of being conferred by
,the State. This glo-
rious advantage had already been secured in this
country by the independent spirit of the people ; and
he trusted that they would relax none of their exertions
until they had secured a free Parliament. His illustrious
Friend- (Sir -F. Burdett) had told them, that proofs of
the success of the cause of rteforrn were to be seen in the
recent• occurrences in York and Middlesex. They
ought not, however, to forget, that that spirit which
now pervaded every tit-tarter of the country and
animated the breasts of every class of the *immu-
nity, owed her birth to the independence of the etc:-
tots of Westminster---.(Great applause.) As long
as he continued to enjoy the honour of represent-
ing the city of Westminster he should still preserve the
same line of conduct which hail always hitherto actuated
his public conduct. He could not change his sentiments,
and therefore it would be unnecessary for him to offer
any further pledge to his constituents. Mr. Ilohhouse
withdrew amidst much confusion.
No one appearing to propose any other candidate, the
High Sheriff retired, and was immediately afterwards
followed by Sir F. Burdett and Mr. Hobliouse and their
friends.. Upon this a war of cabbages ensued, which was
kept up with a vigour and perseverance that utterly defied
every attempt of the constabulary force to put a stop to,
much to the annoyance, and in some instances to the se-
rious damage of the better dressed of the spectators who
had taken their places on the hustings, and in the balcony
of the conservatory fronting them.

---
STAFFORD, Jinx 80.
STA FFORDsrunc—The nomination of Members for
this county took place yesterday, and the day of election is
fixed for to-morrow (Saturday) week. Sir John likirot-
telley and Mr. Littleton, the old Members, baying been
severally put in nomination, addressed the freeholders, a
great number of whom had assembled in part of the
County Hall. Both candidates expressed their determi-
nation to enforce economy and retrenchment into every
department of the public service. They were most fa.
vourably recoived. An attempt Was made to put a gentle.
man named Whittaker, who resides near Birmingham, in
nomination, but the confusion WAS ao great that the gen-
Osman who proposal withdrew his main. It is ex,-

~.

therefore, it,the id Meill,its' ..11'
peovceted:th,etestter.seor.e that O. 7 widkox,':..
STAFFORD (BOROUGH) EIECTI
. For the last ten-',...ys this loorough has beau tilt.
..
l. to tt.t..e of ferrotot and confusion. The old• Me
.Me. Beaumont and Mr. Benson having resiguidfi,tt
new eatielidates. Mr. Campbell, K C., Mr. GisboruSillf,
Mr. Hawke*, have been actively enpged.cauveisisten
freemen, and there is every appearance of the eleolit,
which comm-need this morning, being so enlace's!!
The friends of the different candidate, have beenailill, L_.
the town with hands of music, A ego, Etc., an *thear'
and the busineas of the Assizes, which Also coemie.
seethismi:coir.rntianign,oarppse,
jaercti t
e,o. be almost forgotteh. ...F:Liklarg..:l4l:
Mr. CAMPBELL, who is the popular cautoi,,,,
dre•se I the freemen last night from' the window 0! tit!
Star bin. The Learned Gentleman aid, shaelin
recut lied to Parliament, he pledged himself, tereillti
every_(a measuretHireougwhotufeldirnard fora'isovotetheoaaboailitii oocantifi
oril;
ii:
free trade with India and China..-(Braltn.). 11°!,.=
be the strenuous advocate of retrenchment and I;
in every department of the State, and on ill "abit'gt,),
a conscientious, honest, and upright vote.-•(
Ile hoped they would therefore support hitn..._iii
setting their independence. Mr. Campbell. tlt:•-: ,
through his ex.ations and those of his:Lear*Fzi.,,eoo.'
Whitcomb, one hundred and seventy young..tryik: 11,
had on that very day been admitted to the buittliali" 1
borough. He had taken such measures that tt. H
ration dare not any longer withhold frona,llo.;i;
their just rights. He had insisted, before, then's/Ps
every burgtss that presented himself ehould ban
administered to him, and this without m 1,0( .. l
p qty. The re ult, however, he. was happy 0
them, W.is, that out of one hundred and seventea.sai__Mi
dyed and fifty hail promised him their War 014.,,,,
and rotes....-(Deafening cheers ) , ; .
~.iiiotrool
ltlajor SGARLIKET, Mr. Wsurcomii, Mn. .
ar0.011•
others, then addressed the
.freemen, rigout* .. ' '
~,,,,,o
11114a1i
o '
and good order. 410*/
'rwitt.vit o'CLoce.-As the poet ke., ..,A401,.,,-
$4.
an early. hour, I am tumble to give y0tt...01 1;;;,„,
,001 it
dttielatetmesae,nlec,Awtiairos.tia,:wmreshpic.:lentigli,sthnaerre.lecgootuiisbotraig7twowinon,..
and1bi1,...i..t..0:1:."194400, .
:.:
hate been severally put in nominetion/ f '°°'''iiit„
inunication off. In consequence of the 400Ils 40;
two takes place in the eitool National ss.:. ' , '.4 .4 ..'
, ...
- ......._-_..., -...,.........:----..------ ):1
, . .. 4 t :.„ 4 •
BRISTOL ELECTION.., ',at)
Yesterday (Friday) WAS the, day apppiste,'' 4
nomination of the caudidatea, and 000'7 r-• '
door of the Guildhall was beset with immense
their respective partizans. A limited number ct.Sl2 i,_
iiitt,
friends of each candidate were admitted by the Sn;:iiiij
private entrance. At ten o'clock the door!!
alien, when a scene of confusion and ecrattallt
which beggars all .description. As soon U 00.-
of order could be obtained the Writ we5,001,,,j-
usual Acts of Parliament ; after which Ritirrr
Davis, E.l. was proposed amid considershia
Edward Protheroe, jun. Esq. was then, pro
the most deafening plaudits, which lasted ;10100:.,"''''
i
prevental us hearing any thing .he said is 4;41'
shape. James Evan llaillie• Eeel't Wan Pet isaill ' i
with much interruption from cries of "SP rg-iiisMik 1
Jame Adam', Esq. was proposed amid shegtr
On the show of hands there were at Itild DC!' at
favour of Mr. Protberoe. It appeared W'- et .
eiiizis.
next greatest number was in favour: :/.. ?$0 ,n
hut the Sheriff, who acted very .0e ir
tided in favour of Mr. Baillie. I'li2_o4‘ illitir
decided to be in favour of Mr. Protberoe in", ?if. Pre
when a poll was demanded by the friends in w(goill'
The meeting was then adjourned till tor
_„.001111,0,)011
day) morning, to Queen-square, where ,bosoniord,ooo
erected. The town is in A state of dreedisl . -r
but Mr. Protheroe is decidedly the popular - , ...f
• ripe
CANTERBURY ELECTION. '
SECOND DAY. -(Fil writ ita. PAJLTICOI4OI • ilia'
, aronir
re-commenced this morning wit', great VIC jokip
of all the candidates. At an early bout t..
it,*
various parties were paraded through the talM • .
of music at their head. The supportere 0.
_,,'
mei in a numerous body at the Castle ion, 11....9* ~,,.' • ' .
to the poll amidst the cheers of the sPirlaw"ki-7'
puilt
number having already c,ongregated.--Tl'2_Ti,;lt AA?".
(odfi,lniar'stintati4ne;illea;a'lnsian)yonpigloviliatlri.
tailußiaesatrifriiineugeonetvd°2:C:eirollneguLlatotiti.:rdel:N•Ltif:::xi',.::ltet.:frigli•
but the display
„made by the. feietids'Ai -".
front Loudon, wu sufficient to confitle.Pf- i-'
sigf
supporters that this gentleman Would* pro! 400
midable antagonist. The entree 00' r—estrelPilt
o'clock at night, and their appernatnear being ml.
baiituresque, from the vehicles, l?-innuluj, isierienS ...a
in by bands of music, and numbers 'in Far 10/i
torches. One of the vehicles" wit lulu- iena,r.
wheels, decoriste,l with appropriate emlntni, :17,ritsg."•1111'
with the male and feniale supporters of Id r• .
Mt their grg
40
friends of the Blue and Pink taindfdstes
__,. to
at this display, and proceeded, without eersanlal italik„,"
the purple and orange voters frota out t'skie ..,,e`
mounted in triumph,.and ' drove throagh the bid`.
election has hitherto been coadected WOlTliigir tdi
The partisans of the'
various candidate* "s's
0141
selves to electioneering squibs, and seulb!,rmtfir:
flammatory nature, the mob smelting rny"-(4 tbso
throwing the latter into the Committee-Wm' .01w!
didates, which effusione, more sparkling h
eillf6S..
mion or
emanating from the press, were' Send - u bask .
ceived by the individuals within, and .flenghoool,
the cheers and confusion of the speetetSM, Ifioo:tlit,'...
pelted to exercise some agility to esealo . io,
plosion.
11551 if
Late in the evening it was announced_ /100
with and the Hon. R. Watson bad cealiscan'.,,
port was further confirmed by. obserriug .I'l..l'l'
...„4" .
that the Lailours of. these two candidates hasl_rifrAll i
This coalition did not disperit the friefuls'n.,oolo7',,.
although it left this gent'hnet 07 11
more doubtful than before.'
N 11'
When the palling commenced nalis
_AA.
catered at the polling booths, the electors ,"7:Aijeffsi4
to give their suffrages to their favourite atie
.rim•-- 4,-0'
- ~,
fight took place, and some of the c,ornhsstt° r ,iio.
. •
_ „di,
though not severely. „ .„ 0 flis"- .i'l
At twelve o'clock the state of the pets se7 ,408,'"..'
Hon. R. Watson .......... . .... ..af•'. 40;..,,.
Lord Fordwich ............... . .... .. :a , so ~..,,
Mr. H. Baring.. ....... . ..... -. . . ...• .. ir l
ise,.
Up to three o'clock the numbers stood's° 70-4/'..: ...,i, .
Mr. Watson ........... ...0 ...... '''''' big ' i.
Lord Fordwich ............... . ... ..... . A4t.,,,...1„,
. p. .
Mr. Baring ....... . ... .. .:. .. ...... ... a.
__,,., ,
~.,
' '
Majority for Lord Fordwich :“*"' 1 , :'4'..,
~..•;,4-..
Close of the two days' poll s•+ , fog
Mr. Watson ' • e."" . pi ' •
• .1 ~‘.
Lord Fordwich ........ . ........ : .. ... 0 :::
Mr. Baring ... .. ... ... ........ . . ...........' A.
1/1„„40
Majority for 'Lord Fordwich ...",,'' ltfir,
The coalition has been contradicted bY "jr
• a letter to Mr. Baring's, Conitnittee. ; '' ',4,-:°,
.....:. - ...........,..-,----
~' ,141,04
MAIDSTONE, FRIDAY EVgl,'
The election of two Members toeeivi "1' ••-•' f
sworlo ati
rough in Parliament commenced this id_ i jsif,
candidates appeared on the hustings.. Ww2ti)isierir
Roberta, of the house of Roberts, Corti% 11,0" drat
bard.street, who had been three. tinteltreu'llfaTta(
mitt r
Blue, or independent interest ; Mr. Aider,.,-fo.*Lafir
the well-known antagonist of Mr. Winsi,ooo“ ,
man's gown, who was got lip by the PUrr-. ''A,.. '
ti on party ; and Mr. Philip Rawlings.
General who came is as "third man-7 iof Ole
At ten o'clock this morning-the friougt #0000)
dates mustered in great numbere at the 10°1,-4 „cO4 1
; bisii w-ibiroi 1
Town-hall, where a temporary. hostage Aif, ,
The candidates having been proposed ,137."ri OW ,
~,' 1
friends, they proceeded to address the tr'cral--. `-' :'
ir i
speeches. ,
40414 04
that his liliSSI ~ kii. 41
Mr. ROBANTS said, as po
..,000 .7.d. ,F
well known to his late conititueuts, it " dicoo:loar''. As
waste of time to enter into any esPlstatiati oat F I
expressed his attachment to the Kiulfriteloat.lllo4ooll
to civil and religious freedom; *a ti
ola re
uncompromising advocate of economy oss asid iorso.
Mr. Alderman Wincilisren *Pak' th;e0,,,,,ei0
his intention to support the King smidittua of ;4,
to resist a profuse anti. wasteful sit" whitiolits:o'?o,l '
money; and to support every measure
~
...
increase the prosperity of the three gerrt.looo",
tionsl industry and opuleuee.-agric gl'4oitroi
and cotnnicrew. In allusion. to a teotir, pre
itri-edi
dement in the Hall, the Alderman stns 19'011 degi,:llol4i
he was not sent down by the Treisurrimsetiet:, Ord:
he would never permit himself to bko ;17.141170!,,,
one. In proof of this, ht,appealed_liio Ilfi'lr..!.'r4 •
in which he had lately been en
dos for the Aldertnauie gowrf.3 h 4 000140,a 07i
Mr. RAWLINGS then arhirewu g i ..a.o•Sr- oft
he cipperS
energetic speech, in whichalled' c
- volt e-s-
-cipate their borough by their strell

intitl; tie tlechiria himself a firm friend to reform, to a
rethictirriCottaration, and to every measure which had in
'Or the. amelioration of the condition of the suffering
peopl* of England.
Upon a show of hands, the MA ox declared, that the
choice of the freemen was in favour of Mr. Miliaria and
Alderman Winchester. The friends of Mr. Rawlings de-
manded a poll.
Polling commented at half-past e'even o'clock, and was
carried on with great spirit till five o'clock. The numbers
were

Roberts 448
Winchester
• , Rawlings
'Messrs. 110BART3 and WINCIIZTFIC thanked the free-
men for their exertions, and expressed their confidence in
Nina! result of the poll.
• Mr. RAlVutros declared he would keep open the poll
till the last hour.
Polling recommences at ten o'clock to-morrow morn
ing; but as there are only about a hundred voters to come
up, . Mr. Rawlings can hare no hopes of success. It is
PPected that,the.books will close about two o'clock to-
morrow afternotin.

ROCHESTER—FRIDAY NIORNINO.
Defeat and triumph are: the prominent features of the
political parties in
.the borough, owing to the precipitate
retreat of the pink candidate, Mr. Hughes Hughes, for
Oxford, where he was invited some little time since, and
promised his election gratis. Tlius has the pink party,
or the old Tory, and constitutional and only indepen-
dent pity, in this borough, again been, not defeated,
but disappointed. The successful candidates are sup-
ported ;by the present • Government, and the indepin-
dent or.; blue party, Of whom Mr. I3ernal has been,
and Is the reOrdentative. No one was hostile to
him. . Lord' \there • comes in through the prepa-
ratory influence of two Members of the Corporation, who
areas successful in political undertakings as they have
been In temporalities. The popular feeling has been, how-
ever,- generally excited against one of tbeae
[Me hie tergiversation et the last election, and some go so
fi!.et.to•ecrutinide his conduct upon the demise of a near
Connection. of his akinconsistent with the Cud:
%9104,ry dionotki dejtarteci although, bate pri-
,lll4, 140 Oldie pieteneioni weigh the balance of political
beidetee+ it chimerical to calculate. 'These
a cOditnanding influence, as they both
einploYin"theii'respectiee trades,' as carpenter and brick-
hiYeti many freemen; whose vote is the term of their em-
*Tv: Hughes Hughes was a favourite and had met
With .great. Isneefurstementi- his sudden desertion will, of
"Wrens: preclude • the future exertions of bis friends at
Ilothoter.,

. • ,
• 'YURIC) MUISDAY, JULY 29.
,Tile harry and bustle attendant on a contested election
!iev.fortbe last two. 'days kept this city in a constant state
of excitement. Mr. Brougham returned yesterday from
Leeds, end Was engiged in the Nisi I?rius Court all the
iubrningi in ti cause of great tediousness, and of no inte-
IIM• being merely's question of free-warren and right of
The Learned Gentleman addressed a body of
York, freemen- froni,the windows of his hotel in the eve-
ning• 4$ the creme. time Mr. Petre, the other popular
candidate, was talking -to a mob from his hotel window
about suNectili!bicti had little reference to the city elea.
Pss, but, which,wis very humanely and indulgently re-
califs!. Bayntnn, the blue candidate, which, as was
once before observed, is oddly enough the ultra Tory colour,
evinces great skill in his tactics. •

' Tha nomination for the county takes place en Thursday
The candidates are expected to be Mr. Broughani,
'ltd Norpetb, Mr. Bethel, Mr. Stapylton, and Mr. T.
+44loeptube,

. . YORK CITY ELECTION.
• ..
.11110 huptinge were crowded about ten o'clock with the
reePeetive friends of the three candidates. Silence being
ebtained, Mr. Peacock, one of the Sheriffs of the city,
Pieceeded to read the writ and the Bribery Act to the
and when they were concluded,
'‘'Alderman DUNSLRY stool forward on the Sheriff's re_
proposed the worthy Lord Mayor of York and
High Sheriff of the county, the lion. Edward Petro, as
Alt and . peeper person to represent the freemen of that
°IIY lA' ParliaßUM.... (Shouts of applause.)
• Sle WILUalt BRYAN Coors seconded the nomination.
Alderman HOTHAM proposed as a fit and proper
It•son to represent the city of York in Parliament, the
on. noises Doodoe.—(Lond and repeated cheers.)
Alderman Ilxaox rose, in reliance on the snpport
which Mr. Dundee would meet with from the freemen of
lark to second the nomination of Mr. Alderman Dunsley.
Mei ROSIRY CATTLIE stood forth amidst loud cheers.
" MUlt be allowed •to apologise for any unintentional
'Anti Which his.expressions might give the worthy and
henecandidate, for he had a great respect for him, and
I.ollWidete,_ -him to- be a-gentlesueit in every•Statielt which
who; but he could not conecieutinuslyfieConunitod the
IRO, MO to Tote for a Roman. Cathplice--(Lood shouts of
raPprobation, , mixed ;With cheers. ) He ehould there-
19re propose Samuel Bayntim, Esq. as a fit and proper.
Poison;) to represent the city of York in Parliament.—(Loud
:ettestes
'MN Sheriff AGAR seconded the nomination.
lit.;Preett then stood forward, amidst loud cheers,
*end addreised the assembly to this effect—" Gentlemen,
-11°4 brother freemen,—You have been told, amongst other
-wleletoa ioes,which are urged against me, that I ant a Roman
tbplic,
but if I feel it to be on my conscience to prefer a
-religion different from yours, in God's name I concede to
,011 the' fullest right to pursue your own course. I only
What none can deny me,—the right to worship God
the Mode Which my conscience tells me is right ; and I
fltend that this it the principle of religious freedom, and
!rl contradiction to what has fallen from Mr. Cattle, that
bps onsistent 'with my attachment to the established
iitieeo,,,;on I" a firm opposer of slavery, and have the
cf. as a fact, that the first petition I
the subject stating•
't▪ i" that of Air. Wilberforce to Parliament on
subject playlevery, lam a friend to fair and equal
• resaP!esentation in Parliament of the people, and have said
'the dl
now on the hustings. lam also an advocate for
dit• now
of the public expenditure, and for the re-
att?ri of'taxetion this, however, is only to be done by
▪ those Plates and petitions and sinecures which
been alluded to. • For myself, I am known to
• • I have lived in your neighbourhood all my life.
;47_1" citYAies here never been broken • and I shall not de.
Toe you any longer, Sevin &reedy know my principles.
(Intlitlato was received throughout with loud
• oiir rorrl 41e orange and pink party, and the conclusion
,::Parch Wat marked by similar anti continued applause.
i;
,t 7. DUNoaa stepped forward and said, he would now
,lte Principle's which should govern his conduct in
,
had the honour of being•returned as their repre.
;7, 4.uvi in Parliament. Ile was a friend to civil and
~12110 us liberty in the widest sense of the word, lie had
almost uniformly opposed to the measures of his
11)°,70_ Ministers__not from any factious principles,
fekillidaut° theta tweet yet was a Ministry who brought
hJ lees of economy which were calculated to please
tlsf he prfsent Ministry gave him j
He ust as little fa.
' was 'clltirt it v. groat cry and little Woo,. Was also
to the abolition of slaves and slavery, as would
l/taYed bell' •at it IS Votes inParliament. In fact, be looked
ova_ ":".. essentitl4oint in the AVhig principles, to do
slaves of every .description. He had proved
Acte.4,./e:Derit, to liberty, when he voted against the silt
'""aereJ•.--and he would always stand up for these
enotouPhs#loelontd, for the liberty of the subject against the
tezoo,. Crown. On the subject of the
wish '.e.t°lecoed there were many of them which he
-"Pand+c,t'il‘....ke altogether, for the machinery was very
the pc,,,e'r:Lii!**ll also a 'source of corrupt influence to
windovii would mention the house and
hiotuieo- tht,;,P' and candle taxes—(Leud eheers)—'!•
of the workinfriareed more immediately on the industry
ittlf Mit to retire"- ree• lie concluded by pledging him.
Wheithink „la. Pr° the contest unless he saw so over
' cesl4,./14`,. ae to leave him no chance of sue.
r. I._ cheerio
. attt,oan TriTuts• felt unable to express his thanks for the
youtest ee which
him large a body of his friends had fa.
born 7ottith , He was by birth a Protestant, and
tom' that me Protestant ascendancy. They- hat'
analat All religious differences would now cease,
ee *Wed, but
Yet in infant he thought the Catholic question was
~;•:.As tor th, HeY...(llissee, and cries of disapprobation.)
L 7 reduction of taxa there was no person more
Itu4 if. `", "dace the burdened' the-country than himself,
' hoot, Intl did hine.the honour to return him to Paella-
Jhe would leave no dr'" to rir ha, rniok, his wishes. However
H, (hatontin4-.,a01i he- could never' live long enough
• on efforts to reduce the expenditure.
ire_o_ the alave trade question had been already
up 1474te10d be would old add- that h*l had been brought
tatio ha Y • I
art.rtat prof !I ° t horrible traffic. He could snake
iiirost.egie,ell.4,l°ll.t° them, fur he could not expect much
spit, 1-I'4,,,_t° them After the tergiversations that
1.:744111/14.ti,, 'lc the House of Commons ; he, howl allannly, that if he had the honour of
41 tng
4,44 uraed, ha wutdd do •
his duty by. them.—.(Great
11_1414tr, o;l42tlrr NOW put the deism' of the candidates to
ritteitie itlatntte, and the numbers were declared to he in
lee" °tun and Mr:. Dundee, thought the num-
-"` jittal""tragottlata and Mr. Petra were so
