dined, however, to believe that it is not etogether
correia, and that it will be found that the sta!emesnr
which we yesterday laid before our Readers was
nearer the fact

Extract of the Message of his Imperial Majesty to the Legis•

lative Body, on the zsth Oaober

" Russia and Denmark-are united with me against
England.
" America has proferred to renounce Commerce
and the Sea, rather than to recognize slavery.
" I set oif in a few days to pit myself at the head
of my army, and, with the help of God, to crown
in Madrid the King of Spain, and to plant my eagles
on the forts of Lisbon.

" I cannot do other than congratulate myself on
the sentiments of the Princes of the Confederation of
the Rhine.

Switzerland feels more and more daily the
benefits of the A& of Mediation.

" The people of Itily give we only new subjects
of iatis fa alc n.

" The Emperor of Russia and myself. have had an
interview at Erfurth. Our first thought has been a
thought of PeJce. We hive even resolved to make
tiome sacrifices to obtain the seoner, if it he 0.1,41-4)
for the hundred millions of men whom we repre-
sent, the blessings of a maritime Peace. We are of
the same mind, and invariably united both for Pc3:e
and War."

As the Tribunal has been formed, and is soon to
be opened, to which an Investigation of the Con-
vention of Cintra„ and all the circum,tances cop-
neeied with it, is to be entrusted, we did indulge a
hope that the Opposition Writers would have paid
such a compliment to the-liberality of their country-
men as to suspend their attacks upon the individuals
who were concerned in that Convention,' and to
leave them to the wisdom and justice of a Court
which cannot pce,sibly be suspeeieet of aiihrz, other-
wise than upon the purest principles of honour.--
, But though Party zeal may perhaps be inclisted to
pause while matters are in so fair a train to ascertain
truth, to award justice, and to satisfy the Nation,
it is in vain, we find, to expect any cessation' in the
assaults of private enmity. It appears that the Duke
of RICHMOND has announced a grand military din-
ner, in honour of Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY'S return,
at the Vice-regal Lodge, in Phcenix Park, and this
circumstance has occasioned a renewal of all that
abuse which has been so copiously poured upon Sir
A. WELLESLEY and his family. But private enmity,
for it is impossible to suppose that this abuse re-
sults from aoy public feelings, whico always take
a more dignifiet: course, has, on this occasion
exceeded all bounds, for it not only revives all
its prejudication of Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY, but
aCtualiy impeaches the integrity and honour of the
Court to which hia condud is to he submitted.
The Public are told that, " first the reception of Sir
ARTHUR at the Royal Court of St. James's, and now
at the Vice-regal Court of Dublin, are sure prog-
nostics of what is intended, as far as relates to hit? 1,
to be the result of the approaching Court of Inquiry."
We question. whether there was ever a more daring
attack upon the chara&eis of men chosen to form
i a Judicial Court; and the attack is the more
criminal on the present occasion, because the Mem-
bets who are to form the impending Court of
Inquiry have been so impartially selected, that
nothing like a principle of exclusion, on account
of political sentiments, can possibly be alledgecr
against Government. But this is not all, for the
" military charadters" who have been invited to the
Duke of RICHMOND'S dinner, are also the objed of
defamation in the quarter alluded to, because they
have not declined to- meet an Oiiicer high iu the
estimation of his country, beloved by his profes-
sional brethren, and who, as the writer himself
acknfmledges, may be wholly blameless. It is
a liberal principle in British 'Jurisprudence, to pre-
some innocence till guilt has been demonstrated, and
when a man's whole life, as is the case
.with Sir A.
WELLESLEY, has been ,a series of honourable ac-
tions, this principle ought to operate with unusual
force upon all questions in which he may be concern-
ed. But the Court of Inquiry, has not only been slan-
dered by implication, in the insinuation that the
reception of Sir AR'IMUII. at St. James's and
at the Vice-regal Lodge, are " sure prognostics of
what is intended as to what relates to him,"
but the Opposition Writer even intimates that Sir
ARTHUR will he enabled, by " the power of friends
and the subserviency of dependents, to pass over the
necks of two unbefriended men, at whose expense he
is at all events to, be preserved." We defy human
ingenuity to devise a more malignant attack upon
the CharaBers of men who have been seleeled, on
account of their honour and ability, for the awful
adjudication of national justice. We need only refer
all parties, whatever their political opinions may he;
to the Members of the Court in question, and leave
them to determine •whether it is likely that the re-
ception of Sir ARTHUR at St. James's and at the
Vice-regal Court, is likely to bias their minds or
Wye the smallest operation upon the judgment ,
