THE SUN, LONDON, SA FURDAY, MAY 2, 1840.

questions, which we hope he will not allow to re-
main inactive. The " Popular Doctrine of the
Atonement," as expounded by the Reverend
Christmas Evans, is a curiosity in its way. " Re-
fusal to Bury the Child of a Unitarian Dissenter
contains a detailed statement of the facts relating
to the extraordinary proceedings of the Bishop of
Exeter and one of his clergy acting by his advice
in a case of which partial accounts have appeared
in the newspapers. As the opinions of the Attor-
ney• General and Dr. Addams, before each of whom
a case was laid, are here given, and the matter at
issue is of great importance to the Dissenters
generally, we recommend this article to their atten-
tion. Old Toby appears in his true colours—alter-
nately a bully and a coward. " Ecclesiastical
Forgeries, No. X., by a Layman," deals with the
Acts of Pilate, and with Just;n and Tertullian
From an article headed " Church-rates, Dissenters,
and the Government," we extract the concluding
passage, which we think well worthy of serious
consideration by all who profess to be " abolition-
ists

The Reviewer's (Eclectic) concluding remarks deserve
the best attention of his brethren. He reminds them
that though, from the near:y balanced state of parties,
relief from Church-rates cannot be expected from the
Administration, they can effectually help themselves by
attendance at the parish vestry. "It is here that the
battle of religious liberty must be fought." To be
sure it is, t.nd where it might and ought to have been
settled long ago. That this simple but effectual mode
of redress should have so long been neglected by so
many Dissenters, has excited a pretty general impres-
sion, either that they do not understand, or that they
care nothing about, the principles they profess. For
to all who have eyes to see and ears to hear, they have
exhibited the glaring inconsistency of raising a loud out-
cry against a grievance which, virtually, they have in-
flicted on themselves. It has looked as if
they must have something to complain about,
for the trere sake of complaining. In their
speeches and resolutions, all sorts of evil have been
alleged to flow from a system which, by their actions
and lives, they have acknowledged to be harmless. In
the altered state of public feeling towards the body, they
are reaping the just reward of imbecility and incon-
sistency—of loud professions followed by a miserable
practice ; and in the high claims and insolent tone just
now assumed by the Church, they may learn the new
estimate she has formed of the opponents arrayed against
her. Respect them, she probably never will, unless
there be a state of grace for churches as well as indi-
viduals ; but, if they would only be true to their own
principles, they might very soon compel her to put on
something like the appearance of respect, and abate a
little the arrogant pretensions she has set up.

FINE ARTS.

ROYAL CORTEGE IN WINDSOR PARK.

Hodgson and Graves, London, 1840.

This is an engraving by Bromley, from an ori-
ginal painting by Davis, executed, we believe, by
the Queen's command, and representing her Ma-
jesty riding leisurely with her suite through the fine
forest scenery of Windsor park. The Castle rears
up its lofty towers in the distance ; and we just
contrive to catch a glimpse of the equestrian statue
of George the Third, elected by order of his son
and successor, on the highest point of the Long
Walk. In the foreground, of course, are the Royal
cortege, who form several graceful groupes. The
Queen rides in front, and the likeness is so excel-
lent a one, that we can detect it at a glance. If
we mistake not the King and Queen of the Bel-
gians attend her ; at any rate, one of the eques-
trians bears a strong resemblance to King Leopold.
The sylvan character of the scenery, with its
lawny slopes, and swelling wooded uplands, and the
slim deer bounding lightly among them, are pre-
served with great spirit and accuracy. The en-
waving is one that from its broad massive lights
and shades would show to advantage in a frame.

PORTRAIT OF MAHOMMED SHAH.
Welch and Gwynne, London, 1840.
We have here a half. length portrait of the pre7
sent King of Persia, who is represented in a sitting
posture, in an alcove of his palace, holding in his
hand a written document—probab:y a petition
from one of his subjects. His countenance—we
cannot, of course, undertake to say whether it be
a likeness or not—displays much energy of cha-
racter and fixedness of purpose. His dress is one
dazzling blaze of pearls and diamonds. The per-
spective of this picture is adroitly handled.

CROMWELL DISSOLVING THE LONG
PARLIAMENT.
Hodgson and Gloves, London, 1840.

There is much skill of execution shown in this
engraving, which is from a painting by the late
Benjamin Wcst, and represents Cromwell as in the
act of dissolving the Long Parliament, and saying
to the Speaker, " Take away that bauble," namely,
the mace. The best figure in the picture is that of
Cromwell, whose hold, marked expression of face
is truly delineated ; but with regard to the others,
our objection to them is, that they are not English-
men, at least if we may judge from the general con-
tour of their countenances. This, however, is not
the engraver's fault ; he could only copy his
original.

WESTERN LITERARY AND

SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTION.

On Thursday evening Mr. Catlin, whose extensive
collection of Indian vertu at the Egyptian Hall, Pic-
cadilly, has been for some time exhibiting to the
inhabitants of our metropolis, gave at the above Insti-
tution (Leicester-square), a most interestinenarrative of
his researches among the various tribes of Indians who
yet linger on the vast plains of the Mississipi and Mis-
souri, but are daily sinking beneath the wheels of (to
the aborigines of all countries) the great Juggernaunt of
civilization. Tire numerous portraits of chiefs in their
picturesque costumes, and the narrator's graphic but
melancholy history of the originals, excited great inte-
rest ; and the reader of Cooper's admirable novels was
not only gratified b) the portrait of the worthy representa-
tive of the tribe of the noble Pawnee, and the subtle
Sioux, but of many others less familiar to him, among
whom we must not forget a chief of the " Black Crow"
tribe, and a great " Medicine man," whom one of Mr.
Catlin's attendants, robed in the actual costumes, most
worthily represented. Mr. Catlin also illustrated his
narrative by a vast number of wai like weapons, and
other instruments, by drawings of the animals and
wigwams of the country ; which latter, he informed his
audience, was erected at his exhibition, and in New
York bad been graced by containing at once a hundred
ladies.

We strongly recommend all who have read the narra-
tive iately published by the Hon. Mr. Murray (with
whom Mr. Catlin was for some time a fellow-traveller),
or who feel interested in authentic information respect-
ing this interesting and almost extinct portion of our
race, to visit Mr. Catlin's exhibition, where their cu-
riosity will be amply gratified by a sight of his collection
during a tour of eight years in the Indian country.

THE Ro W AT 'FILE OPEnA HOUSE

We copy the following from a Tory Contemporary, the
Courier. The Prince, and the Tory peers under his com-
mand, must be highly gratified b) seeing in one of their own
prints the elegant dialogue which took place on the occa-

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAT.
( From the Morning Chronicle.)
Because a homicide was perpetrated in Tipperary, and
a seditious ballad was chaunted in the streets of Kilkenny,
Lord Stanley proposed to establish the horrors of mai tial-
law, and domiciliary visits over all Ireland. Because
thCre are found upon the register a few fictitious votes, and
the names of trine electors departed this life have not yet
been struck out of the lists, the same cool-headed states-
men propounds a measure rendering the acquisition of the
elective franchise, with the very best conceivable qualifi-
cation, a process as tardy and vexatious, as precarious and
expensive as an action of ejectment, or a suit in Chancery.
As in the ease of the Coercion Act, Whitefoot outrages
were but the pretexts for destroying the constitutional tri-
bunals and all the muniments of public liberty, so in the
Case of the Registration Bill, now before us, the persona-
tion and perjury alleged to exist under the present system
are nothing but pretences, and very shallow ones, for wreak-
ing the vengeance of a beaten faction upon the rights of a
victorious people.

(From the Times.)
There was an assertion some days ago in the Ministerial
newspapers, not less untrue than several others which those
authorities are went to make—namely, that the Conserva-
tives were crying out for war, and declaring that the
country ought long ago to have been at war in many
quarters." We repeat that such an accusation was both
untrue and impudent. The real complaint of the Con-
servative party was, that Lord Palmerston pursued a
policy which must, without some special and remarkable
interposition of Providence, force us into war with other
nations, or into dishonourable means of avoiding such an
issue. And this, surely, was no unreasonable ground of
charge against the Queen's Government, provided the fact
was capable of proof. Teen let us ask, had our wish
been for war, would it not have been abundantly gratified
by all that has transpired within the last ten days ?
(From the Morning Post )
We abhor theological differences. The Church teaches
unity and charity, and does not teach controversy. Let
us have faith and confidence in some one guidance—let us
have some certain source of mental peace and quiet. This
is what the Church affords, until pestilent schismatics,
heretics, and infidels come to create disturbance, and make
turbid the clear waters. And as if this were not bad
enough, we have a Government which welcomes and
cherishes such dist;:rbcrs, instead of repelling them and
ket ping the peace; Verily these disturbers. and the Go-
vernment which countenances them, shall have their reward.
(From the Morning Herald.)
Would a repeal of the Corn-laws prevent, in all time to
come, the recurrence of bad seasons ? No : a repeal of
the Corn-laws would do none of these things 1 But a
repeal of the Corn-laws would deprive the British labourer
of his widest and surest field of occupation—and would
annihilate, or divert to other channels, all that mass of
agricultural capital, which now maintains the greater num-
ber of British labourers, when they are employed, and
which is taxed, moreover, for the labourer's benefit, when
he is overtaken by age, disease, or privation of employ
ment. It the Corn-laws were repealed, the British la-
bourer would possess no security against a rise after an
ungenial season in the price of the four-pound loaf from
fourpence to nincpence halfpenny; but atter a repeal of
the Corn-laws, the British labourer would be deprived of
the means of buying a sufficiency of bread, even at times
when bread should be the cheapest.

FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)
It is evident from the sort of anxiety shown to pro-
duce counter-petitions to those against the Corn-laws
which Lord Fitzwilliam presented last night in such
numbers, that the public feeling on that subject is bc-
ginning to tell, even on the Lords—
" The Earl of Malmesbury presented petitions from the
Isle of Wight in favour of the Corn-laws, to which he said
the addresses of the petitioners were affixed, 1,300 in
number. _ . .

..-...—..
Earl Fitzwilliam said he had a petition to present,
signed by 10.000 persons, against the Corn-laws, all affix-
ing their addresses to their names.
" The Earl of Malmesbury—lt isof the greatest import-
ance to know who are our petitioners.
" Earl Fitzwilliam—No doubt."
Lord Fitzwilliam said, "The present Corn-law could
not be better described than as a law to limit the popula-
tion of the United Kingdom ; for such was necessarily
the effect of a law which limited the population to the
means of sustenance which could be produced within
these realms." With great deference to the Noble Earl,
we think his description inadequate. The Corn-law,
in our judgment, is more, and worse, than
a law to " limit the population of the United
Kingdom." There are many of its advocates who
would not scruple to accept this description of it.
They admit that its tendency is " to limit the popula-
tion of the United Kingdom." But they say, it is not
expedient that the population should be increased to
the extent of dependence for agricultural produce on
foreigners. They arc practical Malthusians—are these
sacred Chinese economists—they have taken upon them
to revoke the Divine command, or permission to" increase
and multiply"—they won't have the earth replenished and
subdued by the intervention of commerce--its dense
populations employed in supplying what may be termed
the civilised wants of new districts ; and its virgin soils
made fertile to furnish returns in the ruder requisites
of subsistence. Surely this is the natural relationship
between old and new countries ; the appropriate filial
service due to the mother country' from her vide-spread
offspring, and which the mother country can well repay
from her stores of experienced and skilled production.
(Flom the Standard.)
The way to do business effectually, and most quickly
in the end, is not to engage with many subjects together,
but to do one thing at a time. Observing this principle,
we must, from among the many pressing subjects of con-
sideration that invite us, direct our attention, and entreat
the attention of our readers to be steadily directed to that
which is most pressing, and in its relation to all other sub-
jects practically most. important—Lord Stanley'sßill. Let
the representation be once purified by that or a similar
measure, and the other questions before us, the Corn-
law question, the Church questions, domestic and colo-
nial, even the questions connected with our foreign
policy, will be fairly discussed before a fair tribunal, and
therefore will be discussed with advantage to those who
mean nothing but what is fair, and for the benefit and
honour of the empire. It is a grievous mistake to
suppose that the measure merely concerns Ireland.
Mr. O'Connell governs all parts of the empire alike
by the aid of his fraudulent and corrupt constituencies,
and there is no other mode of escaping his tyranny,
which is not less painful and insulting surely to English-
men and Scotchmen than to Irishmen, but by rendering
the constituencies in Ireland as bona fide fair as the
constituencies in Great Britain. This must be done
sooner or later, if the United Kingdom is to be held
together, and if we aro to be rescued from a slavery
more degrading than any which Britons ever before
submitted to. _ _ _

(From the Courier.)
We refer to the debates in the House of Lords, last
night, for the ♦ery important question put to Lord Mel-
bourne by the Marquis of Westmeath on the " new and
intense system of agitation commenced in Ireland for the
purpose of severing that country from Great Britain."
His Lordship's principal object was to obtain an avowal
from Ministers that they had been so remiss in the dis-
charge of an obvious duty as to have given no instruc-
tions whatever to the law officers of the Crown in regard
to the treasonable associations and meetings which are
originated by an " Honourable and Learned Gentle-
man, who is notoriously confederated with Govern-
ment," and without whose approbation that Govern-
ment dare not adopt a single measure for the benefit
of that highly-excited and crime-btained country. That
the Ministers are fully aware of the motives as-
signed for the agitation by its authors and promo-
, ters is perfectly clear, and that they do not con-
sider their permission of it as disgraceful as
it appears to everybody else, needed no assu-
rance to that effect from Viscount Melbourne.

The Federal of Geneva gives some further d.
tails of the calamitous conflagration of Sallanches t. Limbs
and other fragments of human bodies continue to be dug out
of the ruins, but every moment walls are falling, so that it is
extremely dangerous to come near them. A man was killed on
the 21st inst. by the falling down of a chimney, The powder •
magazine is burnt down to the vault which covers the powder,
and none dares to approach it. The aggregate loss is esti-
mated at '10,000,000 francs, and the assurances effected do not
amount to more than 80,000 francs, of which 75,000 francs are
upon the Hotel de Ville, the establishment of the Freres Igno-
rantins, and other public buildings, leaving only 5,0(10 francs
for the private houses. which were 250 in number. The suf-
fering people are in want of bread, and have great difficulty in
procuring my kind of food." Another account says—" In
one house has been found a woman and six children half con
sumed ; in another, a man with a child in his arms, mad in
several more single bodies. An angle of one of the w lls of
the Minister's house fell, and killed three persons. Such was
the intensity of the fire, that, not only was the Church entirely
destroyed, but the bells were partly melted. Every thing is
consumed, and it was in attempting to save some part of their
property that most of those persons who have perished met
their fate. The late inhabitants of Salanches have become wan-
derers, without homes, clothing, or food. The residents in the
neighbouring villages have rendered them some succour, but
are far from being able to supply all their wants."
We understand that the recent death of the
Countess of Burlington prevented the Archbishop of York
from attending in his place as one of the Directors of the Con-
cert of Ancient Music at the rehearsal of Prince Albert's con-
cert on Monday, and at the performance of it on Wednesday;
and that on the same account her Majesty most graciously dis-
pensed with the Archbishop's presence at the dinner given by
her Majesty at Buckingham Palace, previous to the concert.—
Evening Paper.
PROSPECTS OF THE WHEAT CROP.—A gen-
tleman in London, who has paid much attention to the crops of
wheat, writes to us as follows, on the 22d inst. The pro-
spects of a crop of wheat are now much better than they were.
My most recent investigations in the three countries (England,
Scotland, and Ireland) lead me to anticipate now, contrary to
every appearance two months ago, that with fair average wea-
ther, we may look for a harvest above rather than below an
average. The general opinion three months ago that there was
much below the average quantity of land sown with wheat, has
operated so powerfully on farmers everywhere, that the spring
sowings of wheat now make a larger breadth than was origi-
ginally intended had the autumn been fine. Spring sowings are,
however, not quite so certain in the result."—Leeds Mercury.
On Saturday last, Mr. Lee, farmer, of Romford,
appeared before the Bench at Ilford, to answer an information
laid against him fur allowing his waggon. loaded with night-soil,
to be upon the road, within fifteen miles of Charing-cross. after
six o'clock in the morning, contrary to the provisions of the
extneit :dn i muchrifor•
INletropolitan Police Act. There were informations against
other
farmers for similar offences, and the case
interest. The information was dismissed,
owing
fatality alone.
