ANTI-SLAVERY.

AT a MEETING of DELEGATES, held
at BROWN'S HOTEL, on TUESDAY, May 29, 1838,
W. T. BLAIR, Esq., in the Chair,
The following Preamble and Resolutions were unanimously

adopted :
The Central Negro Emancipation Committee, and the Anti.
Slavery Delegates assembled in London, have learned with the
deepest sorrow that her Majesty's .Ministers have succeeded in vir-
tually cancelling and setting aside the solemn decision of the House
of Commons for the immediate extinction of the apprenticeship
system, thereby continuing for two years to come the crime and the
ills of slavery.
They consider it therefore their duty to record the deliberate
and unanimous expression of their sentiments in the following Re-
solutions :

1. That the conduct of her Majesty's Ministers in trampling on
the sacred and acknowledged rights of the negro, and despising the
prayers of an united people, exhibits a criminal disregard of every
principle by which British and Christian Statesmen should be actu-
ated, and deserves the severest censure and reprobation of the
country.
2. That those Members of the House of Commons who have
supported the Government in their cruel policy in disregard of the
opinions and wishes of their constituents, and in palpable violation
of the dictates of humanity and justice, are unworthy of the support
of a free and Christian people.
3. That as the recent decision of the House of Commons, by
bitterly disappointing the just hopes of the Negro, has placed ita
imminent peril the peace and safety of the Colonies, it is necessary
to declare their solemn conviction that should any disastrous con-
sequences ensue, the responsibility will rest upon her Majesty's
Ministers.

4. That the nation having appealed in vain to the justice of their
representatives in-behalf of the oppressed, an additional obligation
is created, to continue with increased energy the use of every law-
Sul means both in this country and in the colonies, until slavery
in reality, as well as in name, be utterly abolished.
5. That with these views they earnestly recommend to their
friends and correspondents throughout the country the multiplica-
tion and affiliation of Anti-Slavery Societies—the circulation of
the " British Emancipator," and such other publications as disse-
minate authentic information, and to be prepared to act upon any
emergency that may arise, and to take advantage of every circum-
stance favouring the advancement of their great object.
G. That Colonial Slavery having been hitherto mainly sustained
by a system of bounties and protecting duties, operating greatly to
increase the price of colonial produce, and thereby to tax the con-
sumers of such produce to the amount of more than three millions
per annum, it is the duty of abolitionists, in connection with other
means, especially to diffuse correct information upon this important
subject, with a view to the removal of one of the principal impedi-
ments to the accomplishment of immediate emancipation.
7. That the sincere thanks of this body be tendered to Sir
Eardley Wilmot, Bart., and the other Members of the [louse of
Commons, who last evening. advocated by their speeches and
their votes the cause of the abolition of the apprenticeship in the
British Colonies.

W. T. BLAIR, Chairman.

THE NATIONAL LOAN FUND LITE

ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

(From the Weekly True Sun.)

Perhaps there is nothing in modern civilization which so effectually
alleviates human fe:ffering as the system of life assurances. It brings
Lome comfiirt to a family suffering under the privation of its suppertar.
It gives mental relief to the dying fu:sliand and father. That the prie.
tice of life assurance should become universal must be the desire nf every
one who would advance the general condition of the reeple of this coun-
try. Bet hitherto life assurances could only be effeeted by the compara-
tively wealthy, and even by them often at seine inconvenience. For to
the man of moderate income, dependent probably upon his own active
exertion, coming in by small degrees, daily, weekly, or monthly, the pay-
ment in one sum of the premium upon a policy of assurance must often
be felt 3 d acuity and a build-len. The National Loan Fund Life Assur-

ance Society, of which a full prospectus will be found in our advertising
columns, appears calculated to carry out the principal of life assurance
to its I.e:aim-I'e results. By that Society the smadest assuranc,s will
be accepted, whilst the largest cen ire made with equal advantage. The
premiums on all will be received by instalments adapted to the circum-
anew of the assurers. Not oely does this Society insure a gross suin or an
annuity payable after the death of the party effecting the assurance, but it
secures to ail individual an annuity during his own life, to commence et a
lilted period. Thus, for instance, a man twenty years of age may se-
cure to himself at the age of fifty an annuity of 101. 19,. for the re-
mainder of his life by the payment of one shilling a-seer;, or 01. 12s.
a.year. For the same sum he may secure an annuity of 271. l le. 4d.
commencing at the age of sixty. And the Society presents these, we
believe, unusual advantages :—should the coati ibutcr become sick, or be
In want of a capital sum, he may withdraw cr borrow two-thirds of his
previous payments upon the security of his policy. The per-
son contracting for an annuity on his own life, may,
upon the arrival of the period fixed for its cc.mmence-
ment, receive its value in a gross sum of money, or lie
may este ange it for a lerger sum payable at his death. Thus in
the case before specified, a man of twenty paying one shilling a week,
may, at fifty, instead of an annuity for his own life of 101. 12s.
receive in cash 1361 12s„ or secure, to be paid at his death, :He/. 15A, ,
at sixty, instead of the annuity of 07/. lls 4d., he may r: ceise 269/.
I Is. in cash, or 3461. 15s. at his death ; and in all cases without re-
ference to his actual state of health at the time his annuity becomes
payable. Besides this, if the man shall die before the arrival of the age
fixed for the commencement of his annuity, two-thirds of his actual
payment:3 may' he secured to his family. These are benefits no Life
Assurance Societies, Savings' Banks, or Benefit Associations, or all to-
gether, have as yet offered to the public. Not only do they seem fitted to
every class ofmen, but vary with the varying condition of each individual.
Suppose an industrious mechanic commencing life with the virtuous deter.
mination of securing himself against the possibility of parish dependence
contrives to cave from his wages a weekly shilling, and thereby secures
an annuity at sixty of 271. 1 Is. ed. Henceforth he laughs at the
workhouse. The first effort is alone requisite; for seven-eighths of our
operatives may afford this small sum, and after one year's payment the
habit of saving will have become confirmed. In progress et' time the
custom of frugality has grown, tee workman has saved something be.
yond the premium on his policy; he has married, lie has a family, and
instead of requiring his annuity at sixty, he finds that he has eneugh
to live ueon without it; and he resolves to conceit his annuity into a
sum of 346/. 155., payable at his death to his fa,nily. Or he finds
he can by an outlay of capital undertake to establish himself or
his sons in some trade or business, and he prefers to re-
ceive in cash 269/. 11 s. In all or any of these cases, the simple
resolution at twenty to save one shilling a-week will, by the aid of this
Society, enable a large majority of the operatives of Great Britain
*0 pass happily through life, secure a contented and virtuous old age,
and leave behind them ptosperous families. • And this applies with
equal force to all other classes. To the merchant'; reek rising to the
condition of a trading c ipitalist ; to the salari:d officer and professional
man, the option-of thus dealing with the fund his early care and provi-
dence has secured will be alike ads entageous.
Then again, if sickness or death should overtake the contributor be-
fore the period fixed for the commencement of his enmity, the whole
payments have not been lost, for two-thirds of the money may be re.
eurned by himself, or will remain to his surviving relations. We most
earnestly recommend this Society to the attention of the public, and espe-
cially to the intelligent operatives of the kingdom.

The most correct particulars of Epsom Races, with
a P r:rait of the Winner or the Derby, will appear in Bell's Life in
I ondin, of Sunday, the ld ce June, The Price of Bell's Life is London
is flvepeaca Office, 170, Strano, where can be had, together or sepa-
rate, for threepence each, part 1,2, s, gig, 5, Juni 6.0 f the lial!ery of
Cornicalities.
