DIED.

'Yesterday, at his house in Southampton-street, Blooms-
bury-square, William Huson, Esq. aged 73.
On Tuesday morning last, Martha, the wife of Mr. Thomas
Curtis, of the City-road.

OnWednesday last, in Hanover-square, Harry Darby, Esq..
aged 74.
Yesterday, Mrs. Mackarness, wife of Mr. 'Mackarness, Cheat
Ormond-street, Queen-square.

Itin IA

A private letter from Madras, dated the.2.9th
41‘19:171), Rives the followinz account of the.caase*

that led to the capture of Harass
" An ;Authentic account of the fall of the very
strong and important fortress of Hatrass having
_
just reached-us, I will endeavour to exnlain to
.yon_ the causes of the rapture which led to .its

capture-.
I-harass is one of the strongest forts in
Tt. belong-eft to Chief of the name of ,piar.!m; R
Prince of very- anciellt lantily. This Itakth was
at the heal cat the one of the most ‘varlike
tlibes in India. He, is relative to Ow I~ajih of
Rhttrt;:ye, anti secretly ill I'.llll 11l iil]y

, . .
•I''lic'l/4 it;lt ate knovvn to be llostite to (Jut tioAVV.r
l'reVioi,S to tl.e I\ialtratta war, ,Diaratu entered
into a.treey.oirensiveaud-deleusive with its, wbicli
he broke, andjoine'd irlolliar. Atter tb....§ubmission
,of the latter, a fresh treaty was made. DiAram
,agreed to pay ~, 90,090 rupees yearly, to disband
his.tsoors, not to coil,, and. to admit our police

:tteely into his dist! jets. 'lbis treaty was no sooner
ma'lle than •brolten.. . .
The liajaii has con,tanTly acted as an inde-
,prndent power, and shamefully broke through
•evety article ot I P:it V. tie has been irregular
in I he payment of his tribute, and ha.; .coined ; he
,bas made hi. tot t a receptacle• for all the robbers
.of ,the country; he has leagued k, it our enemies;
be I,as Permit ted.fnur of our p'olite officers to be
murdered in cold blOod,, mid when de,ired by our
finyern,,ent to give an explanation, he has con-
refused to..give any answer to their cunt-

plaints.
.. •
" Lord Moira licitly: provoked by Diaram's faith=
Jess, -lawless, diabolical eareer,•was
.resolved to
polish hi guilt, His Lordship knew well that
the old Chief was brave, that his rople were
and that his fortress was considered by
them impregnable. lie knew ton that this Ptince
has
.formed strong alliances, that an attack upon
bitn-tnight provoke halt Indostau to arms—but he.
did not. forget that his. cause was just, that our
power rested upon the justice of our rule, and the
*opposed invincibility of tiur arms..
"-Our military fame had been•much tarnished.
.illitirtpore. Lord Lake had.attacked that place
four tidies, and had been four times repulsed, and
wally defeated. This ,happened too under Mar-
tinis Wellesley's Admioistration,.who was consi-
dered a 'great Couqueror. 'Ever since this period
khe natives have been impressed with a belief that
they Are invincible in their forts; the consequence
has. been, that sii're that time they liAve defended
their., fortresses with heroic. valour, and have
scarcely ever been fairly beat out of them. •At
(a110;er we were obliged to. bribe them to sub-
inisF,ion, and poor. Gillespie lost his life. The
place, even after his death, and after a practica-
bie.breach.had been Matte, and the shots swept
the defences, still made a most glorious andsuc-

cessfni resistance.
" These failures, and the successful invasinns of
the Piodavit:s, begat% to shake the opinion the na-
-0,-;:s frail of our powcr. Lot !1 Moira's foresight,
Which is now heCome the theme of universal ad-
n:itatiOn, prenicted thtt latte'r evil even- on his first
•
artivAl in India; Ind strove and hatdra ‘vith
ignorant and the perverse to for cc these Phyla-
ties to Labits of industry. This vac only to be
done by assunliog a. cOmniani,ling influence oer
those stars that sniff Ted and ,tien encouraged
their lawitt;s and Ifloody march.
- "'But to return, t rom this digreslion. Lord
ntirale'tertnined, by a :scienti'fic and vigorous at-
t'iick upon Ilatrais, to reirieve one great name, and
to make it at once feaieu and'respected. To this'
fend he collected a large army, and made great
preparations for besieging Ilatrass—preparations
Weed that would have secured success.
" On the '2'd day of March last, tie batteries
opened a tremendous fire Upon llatrass. In the
evening, at sun-set, the great magazine blew up,
which occa.sioned great havoc unrl confusion ; and'
di eleven o'clock at night, the Rajah, seeing his
hopeless Situation, fled wi!h 1000 cavalry. The
tide of men that fled front the fOrt Prevented' the
gates being shut : the British, taking :advantage'
cif the opportunity, rushed into the' fort• and cap-
tured it. Major-General Browne pfus'ued Diaram
With hiS cavaliv. It is imagined that 'hc Prince
has fled to Moorsam; a fortress abbot ten miles
from hlatrass, and which is next to be attached.
I aril happy to inform yon, that this great
achievement, so im7ortaut in its' consequences,
has not 'cost ni one fife. -This may he entirely at-
tiibuted to th-e fore ,light, promptness, and vi-
gour of Lord Moira's measures ; • who has effected,
without loss of blood, one of the most skilful
ntl-
litary operations ever, pet-Finn:lN! in India. But
you will, say, the glory should be in proportion to
the danger and the sacrifice, and the reasoning
liolds good, as it is cQnnectetl with the comba,tahts
dhey ; but to those who direct, the glory lieS
in attaining the noblest ends til'.the least possible
aacrifiers—of whkh human life, however. -little
c6nAidered, nudist ev'vy, sthe estimation of wise
ipen, he considered the greatest.
" Yesterday
_men talked of a long siege-7of the
failure at l!ihtrt pore—and the uncertainty .of. suc-
cess ; to-‘day they speak.of its fall with astOnish-
/Bent, anthattribute this happy result to the skill
science.' displayed by Lord, Moira's arrange,-
s."

(From the C7lctitta Gazeic.)

• By Letters of the sth of: February from•
coolen, brought to 'hand by the Darid Clarke,
we learn, -that the following 'accounts bad 'just
been received at that Settlement :-
- • - ".Fort Marthrough, Jan. 30, 1317.
" Three men have recently arrived at Fort Marlbfough,
'who give the following 'account :--,They say' that they were
:salvors on board", the Union, Captain Barker, which sailed
from 'Calcutta about 15 months .Ago, bound for Batavia and
E.mr,l'avd. That -liter they had been about a month at sea,
they., flitind:theniseis'es.•carly One nuirnine at a distance of
seven rtu'll'es• t iim itts island, and at seven o'clock, the ship
struck on roc, s. She could not be got-off again, and was be-
gi!wing• to.gcnto nieces, when the boats were got out,.and the
(ntic named Davies, and Once tines
dead), anEnrope.r: passenger, a gunner and his finite, both
Europeans, ‘vith ,r 50. lascars,, proceetled,to the island.
The CapLuil_and meant to come back to bring away
the test or the crew ; as they reached the shore,
tne natives cm,,,l„down 1, a body, hauled up the boats, and
broke them in-picot'`, so that the whide of those mentioned
were made prisoners. The nativcS stripped them of all their
clothes, separated them into ;ow ies a and 4, and in the
nfornin,- (trove them to the plait 0 s, which they were ob-
-4 , ••efl and Clean; its the eve i g they were matte to

of
cat fire-tooti an 4 carry it home: Their nails alAnwan:e
food was three plantains to each person, but the Europeans
had some pork git.,est.tn them. [The three, men escaped are
Muss,'linen, su perhaps-they will not acknowledge that they
partook of the food.] Tht re was no rice -ever seen on the
island. The nieu et re quite carried spears, and cut
their hair short. The women v..ere fair, wore leares round
their waists, and had long hair. If any of the inifortimate
captives were too to work. toe natives tied their hands to-
gether, and threw them into the sea several lascars had pe-
rished in this niariuer. - Captain Pa. 'key was once very ill, and
they threatened to cast him into the sea. One of those who
have escaped says, that lic'was very ill fur stone days, and one
night heard the natives say they. Weald throw.hiin into the
sea next morning; be'resolved to attempt to escape, and con-
trived to co,nnianiCaie hi: intNition to Captain Barker, Who
desired him, if lie snuceCtled.to steer fur tl.e risiat sun, when
he would soon reach land. lle ran oil' \Odle 'hiS inasSters were
sleeping, got to the beat hi atinidniklit,- and went to,a hint
,
who; e lie I;ticw two of the lascars were her : them.
and together contrived to bind ;WO Vert* 1;164 hilt VC! ymArrow-
canoes to each 'other; they procared a tor cocoa-nuts, pad •
mahiug a sort of sari at: well a: tley coold, they pat unit
to
sea. _ln five days the current and wind drove them ashore at
Beneath:mg nay, 'near the sou: hern extreme of NinTlatta.—
Thenee they went to Croce, and the Geotlesnen stationed
there forwarded them in a boat- to Mat-11mb'. As the people
all went w;thuut clothes, they called the island Pool°, Telan-
gang, which signifies naked ; the most intelligent of the three
who have escaped is a Javanese, end speaks be says
he was main-top-boy, and that he has served on board the
Illustrious, the Psyche, and others of his Majesty's ships.
" ,There can belittle doubt that the island is 'Engano, anti
if so, it is now clearly proved that its inhahitants are not
cannibals. The acting-resident is.about to scud a civil ser.t
want, with a surgeon, and a Part* of troops, to Engano, in
the ship Good Hope, in the. hope of accomplishing the libe-
ration of our wretched fellow creatures, thus long detained
in savage slavery,•.hy prevailing on . the natives to gire. them
up in exchange for a variety of articles, which have been vol-
teeter) fur this purpose : the use.of money is quite uniinowri
on the-island. It is fortunate that any vessel happened to he
in pOrt at the time when this intelligence was recci,ved, as the
miserable sufferers are stated to be reduced, byllespair and
sickness, 'to such a condition, as to render it likely .that none
hut the most prompt issistance could have been in time to
save them." •
