SLAVERY.

An article we have quoted from.a Texas paper furnishes
us with the gratifying intelligence that General Hender-
son, the agent of the Republic, has returned without hying
obtained from the British Government the recogniti,n of
its independence. We hope it is true, as the Morning
Star affirms, that the cherished existence of slavery in
Texas is among the reasons which have been influential
with Lord Palmerston, in deciding on this course. An
American paper lays it broadly to the charge of the " two
meddlesome fellows, Sturge and Scoble." At all events,
we sincerely thank the Nuble Foreign Secretary for it, and
hope he will maintain it inviolate. It fully appears from
the extract we have made that Texas is to be a slave-
holding republic for ever ; that, if the Texians should
be able, they will extend the same curse to the isthmus of
Darien. —Anti- Slavery Reporter.
The following is the precious article referred to. We
thought the " Celestial Eyc" was the most presump-
tuous, conceited, boasting, blasphemous personage in the
work_'. but we find he is surpassed by the Editor of the
Morning Star, the leading journal, we presume, of this
slave-holding country, and a slave.Loldirig country it shail
ever be, if we put any faith in the impious oaths of this
blasphemer :
(From the Morning Star, of January 22.)
" England has declined—refused to recognize the inde-
pendence of Texas. Our Commissioner appointed to ne-
gotiate a treaty of recognition with that Government has
returned.
" From the English journals, and from various sources,
it is now perfectly apparent that the only obstacle to our
acknowledgment is the existence of slavery in Texas.
O'Connell, whose name is a by-word of infamy, by his con-
trol of a party in Parliament can give a majority to the
Ministry or the Opposition ; he has issued his insolent
mandate to the Ministry not to recognise Texas so long as
slavery exists in our borders. And the Ministry have
bowed to his dictation—and refuse to acknowledge our in-
dependence. We deem it our duty to lay these facts be-
fore our citizens ; and we assure them that nu possible un-
certainty exists of the determination to interfere in our do-
mestic institutions.

" What course, then, we repeat, and we are ready to
answer the question, ought Texas to pursue towards Eng-
land ? We do not inquire whether Texas will submit to
any interference in our domestic affairs. We know the
temper of this people; and England may refuse our recog-
nition till our posterity shall possess this country from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific, till the time when Texian di-
plomacy, backed by Texian armies and navies, shall be able
to dictate the law to Old England, before we will even
entertain the question of any foreign interference with
slavery, Texas is a slave holding country, and by the
grace of God and our right arm, will remain such. If
we can make any change in this or any other of our insti-
tutions, it will be of our own spontaneous act, and neither
suggested nor dictated by any foreign influence. Slavery
is no longer a question for discussion and settlement—it
is a closed subject. We will bear no proposition concern-
ing it.
" At this time Texas has no agent of any nature what-
soever in England. General Henderson has just been
greeted with the heartiest welcome home. Mr. Macin-
tosh, Secretary of Legation, is left Charge d'Affaires at
Paris.

" The course of Texas is TO TARE NO FURTHER STEP
WHATSOEVER AT THE PRESENT TIME TO OPEN AN INTER-
COURSE WITH ENGLAND. If her Ministry, who, we be-
lieve, really desire to acknowledge our independence, dare
not perform this act of right and duty through fear of a
foul-mouthed demagogue, we have, nevertheless, no fear
but that Texas will continue to flourish, and soon attain a
pitch of importance among the nations of the world which
must needs force our recognition from all."
