PORTUGUESE PROCLAMATION.

81' THE '*TENDANT-GENERAL OF POLICE OF THE
COURT OF JUSTICES' DISTRICT.
•
PoitToottEsc !---;Where does your fury trans-
pyrt you ? Do yo'n 'suppose that the. English are
bc::otne French ? No, my dear countrymen, the
0,1) are not come here in the character of con-
querors, as the Frendomen did,—they came to free
us from the slavery that oppressed us. If we deny
this truth, we must be reproached as an ungrateful
people. The English did not enter "Portugal from
any motives of ambition ; their motives are more
generous, wise, and politic ; they :1(116w very Well
that views of aggranditement always te:td to destroy
the equilibrintn that forms the fundamental Law of
Nations. What Great Britain aims at is only the
restitution of all countries to their lawful Sove,
reigns.—Ah ! 'incomparable GEORGE, how great
will be thy glory in future times ! Where is the
:Sovereign in Europe.that,does not, at present, owe
his crown to thee? Thy name shall for ever shine
in, the Portuguese annali:
"'Excuse then, 0 mighty King ! the indiscreet
zeal of a people who love their Sovereign, and whose
Jeeliags are.partly analog Ons to thy views. Remain
quiet, them, co ye Inhabitants of the most faithful
and loyal City in Portugal ; it is to you, ye Inhabit-
ants of Porto, that I speak, for those honourable
epithets are 'indisputably your right. Consider that •
the gforious 'cause which you have undertaken can
only be obstruated and 'retarded by vain and tumul-
tuous:mobil. This is what the common enemy
Wiihes foe; and a'Civil war would only retard their
,total destruation. "let us then unite ourselves to
our faithful, Allies, the English and the Spaniards, ,
'ioprder to overthrew that hellish Monster.
" Thermion• of:these three nations will scorn all
Frenchmen's threats, their intrigues, and perfidy.—
We shall then have the glory of being instrumental
in' the speedy overthrow of the Tyrant, in bringing
abolt a geiter:il Peace, and in`restoring our august
Prinee to his lawful Throne. This is thejust cause
that calls aloud for your vengeance, and in which
)dit ought to display all your courage, your love,
and your fidelity. Long jive Portugal-long live
Great Britain—long live Spain !
" J. F. IL G."
. .

The Goiernment of Madras, in June last, receiv-
ed intelligence that an Expedition of some magni-
tude was prepaiing at Manilla, in 'consequence of
which our cruizers in that diredion had been in-
cfeac.ed:L--It was supposed that another pred.itory
visit to the coast Of Sumatra was intended, and orders
had in consequence been sent to Bencoolen for the
rernoVal of the stores, &c. farther into the interior,
and to improve, by all possible means, the defences
-of Fort Marlborough.
An instance of serious disturbances and insubor-
dination recently occurred among the Students in_
the East India Company's College at Hertford.—
The Court of-Direetors, has in consequence, agreed
'to smile Resolutions, declaring that the future irre-
gularities of the kind shall be punished by expul-
sinn, and exclusion from any situation in the ser-
ice.,

An order for the immediate execution of Smith,
Master's Mate of the Paithian, (or the murder of
Captain BAL:bEASTO, has been forwarded to
mouth.

Saturday night's. Gazette contains. two Procla-
mations, ordering Wednesday, the £3lh, and Thurs-
day, the bth of February, to be observed as public
days of tasting and humiliation—The former day,
throughout England and Ireland, the latter through-
out Scotland.

On Friday last his Royal Highnecs the Duke of
GLOUCESTER arrived at Dagfstord. House, the beau-
'titul seat of the venerable and much-esteemed
owner, Governor HASTINGS, and on Saturday
morning changed' horses at the White Hart lon,
Chipping-Norton; on his way to town. -
EDINBURGH, Dec..2f3.—•-An attempt to break the
Gaol of this City, by the persons confined in the
east or felons side, Was discovered this morning, by
some person passing, who heard a knocking in the
inside, and
.observed, by the light of a lamp imme-
diately adjoining, a small opening in the wall. The
prisoners had cut a hole in two floors, sufficient
to admit a man, by which- they got down to the
hall, where they knocked away the stones, bricks,
&c. at the back of the grate, where the wall is thin-
nest, and, would undoubtedly have etretied t heir pur-
pose, if they had not been discovered. They are
now properly secured.

At a season when people's heaits and purses are
more especially open to the performance of gene-
rous :las, it may be a question of some importance
to ask, how can such acts be the most profitably
conferred ? This question becomes doubly interest-
ing at a moment. when an object presents itself, that
must prove to many a source of great gain. It is
submitted) therefore, whether families, who wi,h
to reward a dutifid son or daughter, an indn,:trious
apprentice, or n good servant, can bestow either of
them so agreeable, or-perhaps so valuable a Christ-
mas Gift, as the Share of a Ticket in -the present
Grand Lottery ! Such a present may turn out of
consequence, by producing a Prize, that may lay a
foundation of real happiness and indeperudence
through life, to the object of their generosity.
