THE THEATRES.

t~;..0

DRURY•LANE.—We last night bad an oppor-
tunity of again attending to the representation
of Cymbek'ne at this Theatre, and as Mr. KEAN'
is of course more settled in the character of Post-
humus, we are better able to judge of his per-
formance, which we by no means consider as the
most fortunate of his exertions.—ln the
scenes lie was much too tame, wher?the itn
pmanp-
tuous vanity of Itschimo should havedrawn forth
energy of resentment. In those which fol-
lowed his conviction of his wife's disloyalty
.there were some starts of passion, but as
they burst forth during a general ';,oldness
of manner, they appeared too alififftil' and,
were not calculated to excite -sywniiy. On
ath.
the whole, we conceive that ttilie alt 4, by no
means fitted to draw „hi's peculiar leorte into
action. We were suritye ti filyt'i fantastic
finery of his dress,.. which NWT) 'Ottch gaudy
glitter that he appeared like a silner,fish. By
the way there was a great absurdity iu use
of this dress, for having worn ilesOirßritish
Court he appeared in it aftervritsf Littißome ;
yet when Phanio is to prq,iii4eif ttrilimior Oaten,
he says, " I have, my Lord, at mirladging, the
same suit he wore when he took leave of my
lady and mistress." The question then is—how
came that identical dress back from Rome ?---
Again, when Pos thymus subdues • lachirno in the
fighting scene, he appears in his" Italian weeds,"
yet lachimo sayo that conscience overwhelmed him,
or he. could ,n4-havva4Sen: aubdued.in:bisiso-,
fessiori by a cart, a very drudge of Naturo's."---
These are gross improprieties. Mr. KEAN wholly
omitted. the fine soliloquy, after he had been de-
ceived by lachimo, though it happily suited his
peculiar powers; and yet his violence when the
treachery of lachimo is discovered, proved that
he was likely to appear to chief advantage in the
soliloquy which he omitted. We turn to a
more agreeable subject, the Imogen of Mrs. W.
Wm., which, though her first appearance in the
character, was supported by admirable feeling
and judgment. We beg again to enter our pro-
test against the admission of the half-price vi
sitors at nine o'clock, instead of on the conclu-
sion of the third act, as the interest of the last
scene in that act is wholly disturbed by the noise
of their entrance. We have seen Mr. YOUNG to
more advantage in lachinzo. He was too much
wanting in smoothness and subtlety.—There was
a numerous audience.

COVENT.G muntc---- The alterations and ornis-
sions which have taken place in the new Play of
Nigel have so much improved the general inte-
rest of the piece that it last night experienced ts
favourable reception altogether, which, indeed,
may well be accounted for by the merit of the
acting and the splendour of the scenery.'

_ ....~ ;

~~
t

TOE LONDON JOURNALS.

January 16, 1823.

trmACTs rnoN Tug DAILY MORNING rApERV,

[MORNING eosr.]
We are enabled to lay before our readers a
translation of the Speech which has been expected
with so much anxiety, and which was•delivered
to the French Chambers on Tuesday afternoon,
tt is 4 very warlike, though it does not absolutely
say that war is declared. After describing the
internal state of Franco as improved in conse-
quence of the verdicts found and the executions
effected last autuntn, it announces that a new
Convention has been formed with the Pope to
circumscribe the. newly established Dioceses. It
'represents the state of the Finances as flourishing.
and all the expences incurred by the late military
preparations' as having already been. paid.-
-ft states that France
,gives an example of pros-
-perity, order, anti true liberty to Europe; but
that being exposed to the dangers which the dis-
cords of a neighbouring nation' produce, every
thing has been done to guarantee the security of
the people, and to preserve Spain herself from,
extreme misfortunes. It declares that the infa
tuation which caused the representations sent
to Madrid to be rejected, ":leaves little !Ripe
of preserving peace :" that the French Antbas-
sailor in *Spain has been recalled, and that.
100,000 French, commended by the Duke or
Angouleme, " are ready to march,- invoking the
Co,' of St. Louis to preserve the throne of Spain
to a descendant of Henry the Fourth." It de-
tails the measures which are to be adopted to,
protect the coasts and trade of France; and pro-
!irises, "If war be inevitable," not only to use
tine care to narrow its limits and to shorten its
durtition, but to put an end to it the moment that
" Ferdinand Vll.,shall be free to give Ids people
. the institutions which they can receive only from
him ;" that is to say, the Inquisition, and every
thing connected with despotic authority on the
part of the Sovereign, and degraded•slavery on
that of the people.

[NEW TIMES.)
We yesterday received, by express, Paris
Papers of Tuesday evening, with an accurate
trnnscript of the Speech, of the King of France,
on opening the Session. The substance of the
Speech had been previously, published, but we
now give it verbatim. It is decidedly warlike ;,
more so, indeed, than we had ventured to anti-
eipate. The object of the. French interven-
tion in the affairs of Spain is, not (as has
been pertinaciously asserted) to re-establish
a , Government of tyranny and oppression,
but it i, that Ferdinand the Seventh should be
free to give to his country institutions which
they cutout beneficially receive but from him.
" From that moment," says the King's Speech,
".all hostilities shall cease." Let us then fairly
consider the grounds on which the French Go-
vernment stands in its, contest with the faction
predominant at Madrid. France comes forward',
in the name of the whole Continent, to stifle. a.
revolutionary movement, which is not more
dangerous to her own safety than to that of the
surrounding nations.

[mu rim ritcss.)
The present state of Ireland cannot fail to be
a leading subject of deliberation in the ensuing
Session of Parliament. We l►ad hoped that, ere
this, the furious spirit of the Orange faction
would have somewhat subsided ; but, in common
with all who feel for the real and permanent
welf►re of the Sister Ki►T;dom., we have been
disappointed, not but that our hope was mingled
from the first with much of fearful distrust. We
know well the conditio►r of Irelant4 and, know-
ing this, we could not be very sanguine in ex-
pecting that the leaders of this faction would
readily become the instruments of any equitable
and sober arrangement, or be reconciled -to any
state of' order which curtailed their personal in-
fluence, or entrenched upon their n►onopoly of
offic,
