BEEACH OF PRIVILEGE-TIMES NEWSPAPER

Lord LIMERICK, presuming on the indulgence shown
by the House when he brought forward the subject
of a broach of privilege, trusted their Lordships would fa-
vour him for the moment, while he entered shortly into the
merits of the case. He wished to state that he had no per-
sonal feelings whatever against the parties implicated,
but he considered it a duty which be owed to
the House and to himself when its privilege had
been attacked in the manner he had stated to bring forward
the subject before the consideration of their Lordships.
For the purpose of saving thrir Lordships' time, he
had looked over the precedents which had taken place
in the House, in cases somewhat similar, from which he
understood in cases of early days various pen 'hies had been
inflicted on parties guilty of similar breaches of privilege.
He was no advocate for violent punishment,.
The LORD CHANCELLOR felt it his duty to put
the Noble Earl right. There was a regular course taken
in the House. There was an order now in existence which
must first be disposed of, and the House could not entertain
the question in any shape, till it was known whether
the order issued yesterday was, or not, complied with.—
When their Lordships had been informed that that
order was complied with, and the persons sharged
with a breach of privilege was in attendance at
the Bar, then the proper course for the Noble
Earl to pursue, would be, to make his motion, unless
he intends now to move the House the order of yeiterday.
The Earl of LIMERICK had no such intention,
and repeated that he was actuated by no personal feeling.
Mr. Pulman, the Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod, in-
formed the House that the Printer of the Times Paper was
in attendance before their Lordships.
The LORD CHANCELLOR—Bring him to the bar.
Mr. J. J. Lawson then appeared at the bit., and on be-
ihg questioned by the Loan CHANCELLOR, stated that he
was printer of the parer in which the paragraph alluded
to appeared, and was ordered to withdraw.
On the motion of Lord WYNFORD strangers were
ordered to withdraw, anti the discussion was going on
'with closed doors when our reporter left.

SPORTINur

NEWMARKET CRAVEN MEETING.
MONDAY'S RACES.
Match, 100 soya. h. ft. T.Y.C. Bst. 41b. each.
Mr. Shard's bl. f. by Waterloo (Robinson) 1
Mr. R. Wilson's Ilildeston Lass
Won easy by two lengths.
Match, 100 soya. b. ft. First half of Ab.M.
Mr. Thornhill's Crutch, Sst 91b
Mr. I'erkins's f. by The Flier, 7st. 111 b.
Won by nearly a length.

Sweepstakes of 50 soya. each, h. ft. New T.Y.C.
Mr. Cooke's Harold, 4 yrs, Bst. 811)....(Wheatley) 1
Mr. F. Mills's Clio, 3 yrs, 7st
Lord Jersey's Charlotte West, 3 yrs, Sst 3
Mr. Scott Stonehewlr's Coiler, 4 yrs, Bst 31b 4
Won by a length.
Match, 200 sors. h. ft. RM.
Lord Chesterfield's Titania, Sst. 91b 1
Lord Tavistock's Red Rover, Bst. 21b.
Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 soya. each ; all ages. D.lll
Lord Exeter's Augustus, 3 yrs, 9st. 71b.
Lord Worcester's Carthago, agitd, 9st. 101 b. 9
Sweepstakes of 100 sots. each, h. ft. for fillic
Duke of Grafton's Oxygen, by Einilius, walked over.
Match, 300 rovs, h. ft. A.F.

Sir M. Wood's Cetus, Sst. Sib. rec. ft. from Mr. Grant's Balkan, Sst
Mitch, 200 toys. h. ft. Half of Ah.M.
Mr. Thornhill's Crutch, 91. t. 31b. rec. ft. from Mr. Gully's b. f.
Florentine, Est. 101 b.

LONDON MARKETS.

COAL MAlti
Adair's 21s. od.
Benshair. Main - 21 0
Dean'.: Yrimrosc 23 0
East Percy.. 2l 9
Felling Main 22 0
Hebburn Main ..- 27 0
Hnly« ell 24 0
Ord's Iledhugh 21 0
Pelaw . 2i 0
Percy Bensham ... 25 0
Polito') Windsor--.., 21 9
li.hippte-

ET.—April 15.
Walls end Newniareh... 265. Pd.
Ditto I'erkins and Co.— 25
Ditto P hide ll's 28 6
Walls End Russell's...... 28 6
Ditto, to deliver at
_.27 6
Ditto Walkm 27 6
Lambton Primrose 27 6
Walls End Hetton 31 0
Walls End Lambton 3O 3
Walls End Lyons 2B 0
Walls End Stewart's —3l 0
Norwood's Hetton '25 3
W. E. Etherley unser. 24 0
Walls End 2 0
Cowpen 23 6
Smithson's 20 0
Hartley '26 0
Landshipping--- 46 0
New Flockton, Milne
and Co. 20 6
Silkstoue Field '2.2 6
Wall's End Elgin '23 0
Walls End Selbp 20 6
Shipeote Trader— 21 0
Walls End Tees Trader 27 6
Callerton and Montague
mixed 17 0
sold. 156 M.

2'2 0

. - - ---------- _
South Holywell 2) 6
fantiehl —25 0
Townlev--...... 2d 0
West Hartley 23 6
Willington .27 0
Wylam 24 0
WallsEndßewieke&Co. '29 0
Ditto Bell Ronson & Co. 'fir 6
Walls End Brown's,— 2.5 0
Walls End Callerton— 21 0
Walls End ('arr and Co. 24 6
Ditto Clarke and Co. «. 23 6
Ditto Cramlington......., 22 0
Ditto Heaton 6
Walls End Hilda 21 0
Walls End Hotspur— 25 6
Ditto Northumberland 25 3
ships at market, 203—Ships

MR. HUNT.—We should imagine that all
those persons who have been hitherto so far deceived as to
suppose Mr. HUNT an honest reformer will now have
their eyes pretty well opened by the course which that
gentleman has lately thought proper to take with refe-
rence to the Reform Bill. A more dishonest and disin-
genuous course was certainly never adopted by any poli-
tician than that which Mr. HUNT is reported to have
taken in the House of Commons during the present week.
Not venturing directly to oppose the Bill, he has yet en-
deavoured to do it all the mischief in his power, which,
fortunately, is not much. Of course we do not know
whether Mr. AUNT has really uttered all that we find
reported of him in the London newspapers; but if
he has said, as the newspapers state, that the people
of Lancashire are hostile to the Bill, he has uttered
one of the most shameless and audacious falsehoods
that ever was uttered. The opinions of the inha-
bitants of Manchester, and of almost every town in the
county, have been manifested by public meetings and peti-
tions, in which the labouring classes, much to their credit,
joined as heartily as their richer neighbours. The fact is,
Mr. HUNT is disappointed that he was no where invited
to become a candidate under a reformed system of repre-
sentation. To obtain such an invitation was the manifest
object of his speech at Manchester ; and he was evidently
much annoyed when the mob refused to take the broad hints
which he threw out to them. The fact is, that Mr. HUNT
feels his influence decline in proportion as Parliamentary
Reform becomes probable ; and he therefore hates Reform.,
Under a proper system of representation there would be
no demand for demagogues. They are the creatures of a
vicious and unjust system, and they would hill with it.
—Manchester Guardian.

His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX presented
petitions in favour of Reform from Hammel smith, Ken-
sington, Halifax, and St. Luke's, Middlesex.
• The Earl of HAREWOOD presented petitions from two
places in Yorkshire, against the Register Bill ; one stated,
that throughout Yorkshire there were not twenty persons
who were not opposed to •that measure. The Noble Earl
also presented a petition from Kingston-upon-Hull, against
the monopoly of the East India Company ; and a petition
from the worsted spinners of Yorkshire, against some part
of the Bill for regulating the hours of working in factories
Lord SUFFIELD presented petitions from severa I
places in Norfolk against slavery.
MINISTERIAL PLAN OF REFORNI.
The Earl of CARLISLE presented a petition from Had-
dington, in fay, ur of the Reform Bill.
Viscount HOOD presented a similar petition from the
' county of Warwick.
The Earl of WARWICK had no objection to receive the
petition; but he wished it to be enderstood that it was
signed only by the High Sheriff, and did not represent the
sentiments of the whole county of Warwick.
The Earl of Eldon rose to say a few words, but gave
way to Lord CALTHORPE, who expressed his regret
that a measure of such importance, casting a stigma on
both Houses of Parliament should have beets brought for-
ward without due deliberation. It was a measure requir-
ing the most patient attention and the greatest care—
and this measure, it appeared, had received neither. He
regretted, too, that, on such a measure, any allusioh
should ever have been made to the Sovereign, to promote
a measure that demanded the greatest coolness. He la-
mented, also, that it should have been propounded to the
people when in a state of excitement, so that they were
prevented from forming a cool opinion on the subject:
He begged it might be understood, that, in making these
remarks, he had no hostility to the Ministers ; but he
wished their scheme, which to him appeared wild and
bewildering, to lie over for another Session.
The Earl of ELDON was not going to discuss the Re-
form Bill, when the only question before the Ilonse was
whether or not the petition, should be received. He
wished there.s3 observe that the whole of their. Lordships'
proceedings, its rehition to the Bill Own kefore the other
House, bad been more irregular than anythinglthari
ever known in the whole course of his Parliamentary life.
He would not enter into any arguments on the subject ; be
would only say that be hoped their Lordships would take
care how such irregular conduct was drawn in to become
a precedent ; and to prevent this, when the present motion
was disposed of, he would submit a proposition to their
Lordships.

The• Earl of WALSINGILAM declared himself opposed
to every kind and species of disfranchisement.

The Earl of HAREWOOD did not mean to discuss the
subject to which the petition related ; but there were some
matters connected with the conduct held with regard to
that Bill, which he thought it his duty, as a Peer and a
subject, to advert to. The Bill had been proposed to the
House by the Government in a complete state of excite-
ment, and when the people were also in a state of excite-
ment and means had been used to make them come to a
conclusion on these important matters which they would
not have formed under the influence of a calm judgment.
That House, too, had heard—and very sorry be was that
it ever had heard—something in the nature of a threat di-
rected against both Houses of Parliament. The other House
of Parliament had been threatened with a dissolution, and
that House, though not threatened with a dissolution and
re-election, had had intimated to it that there was danger
to that House in refusing its consent to the measure. He did
think, for any purpose, to make use of such threats was very
disrespectful. It was impossible also for the Government
to
tclai r rtyh
eon
pa r businessoceei iing sofot
fbatthenatiu,iree,, and tl not be
raeestsi,uaihen
rted
wie-
spected in common with other men ; but, at the Caine
time, if he were a Member of the Government, and found
that Press advocating his cause in a manner that threat-
ened the existence of the Parliament, and almost the
safety of the Crown, could he allow the Press FO to pro-
ceed ? He would not say that he would stop it by coming
into collision with its proceedings; but he should think it
his duty, in that situation, at least, to disclaim the argu-
ments by which the Press was supporting his cause. A
measure of that nature, perhaps, ought not to be brought
forward at a time of such discontent ; and it was
the duty of the Government not to have proposed
such a measure, when the country was in a state
of excitement from causes external to the country ;
but they ought to have waited till the country was
restored to a state of satisfaction. He was old enough to
remember former times. In looking at the subject now
moved, he found himself carried back to former tunes and
general principles. He was old enough to remember
what passed after the first French revolution—(Hear,
hear)—and there were many circumstances now in con-
nection with this Bill, not dissimilar to those of that pe-
tiered it his sefdiag-oary Aorlutr.E—rml,-..whielL lie COnSi-
conceive any person who would be willing to risk the
great injury to the country which the present opportu-
nity of the excited state of the public mind, from extra-
ordinary circumstances afforded, to bring forward a mea-
sure of that kind which had not been sufficiently consi-
dered. Was it a time to take advantage of that excite-
ment ?—(Hear, hear.) The Noble and Learned Lord
(the Lord Chancellor) knew the transactions which had
occurred in a county with which they were both then con-
nected. He admired that Noble Lord's great ability,
and knew the great extent of his general information,
and he had been anxious to hear his explanation,
and know what plan of Reform he recommended.
He was pleased then to hear the Noble and Learned Lord
propose a plan which he conceived went to remedy the de-
fects of the representation. The Noble and Learned Lord
described himself as the champion of Reform, and he had
stated that he would be ready to give one Member to such
a number of vote's as would enable the elections to he
concluded within a reasonable time, and avoid the expence
and inconvenience that now accrued from a protracted
contest. He spoke, too, of doing away out-voters, and
giving votes to copyholders. Those were, he believed, the
chief alterations then proposed by the Noble and Learned
Lord. He wished to ask why the Noble and Learned
Lord now agreed to a measure so different from the one he
had formerly recommended ? Whether that Noble and
Learned Lord had changed his former opinion or not, was
not for him to say. Such a Bill, though received favour-
ably by the public, had created great confusion throughout
the country, and seemed to him a premature and unpre-
pared measure. The more be examined it, the more he
was confirmed in this opinion. He begged pardon for say-
ing one word on the subject, but it excited in him great
interest, and weighed upon his mind. He believed that
discussion would throw light upon it, and make the people
better understand it. He was not any enemy to altera-
tions if made at suitable times, but be could not support
the Reform Bill. The Noble Lord concluded by declar-
ing that his opinions were not either on that or any other
subject formed with a view to popularity.

Earl GREY agreed entirely with the Noble Earl in one
thing. He certainly thought that the measure could only
gain by discussion. To discussion at a proper time he
was not averse; and though he lid not like the irregula-
rity alluded to by his Noble Friend on the cross benches
(the Earl of Eldon), an irregularity he had admitted, and
stated it to be irregular ; yet, when he found in the House
a disposition be entertain the question, and even urgently
to discuss it, he did not think himself precluded from
availing himself of that opportunity to ♦indicate the mea-
sure, for which he and his colleagues stood responsible,

and to en,leavotir to remove the mi-s-oprebenainn to which

it was liable. He was the last man to impute to the Noble
Earl any desire of popularity in what he 11.. id paid, awl he
was almost at a loss to know what had induced the Noble
Lord to enter into a justification of what he had said against
a supposition of that nature. Undoubtedly, popularity had
never been sought by the Noble Lord, and he must there-
fore cozgratulate him and the public on one good effect
which the Bill 'wit! produced. The Noble Lord, until this
moment, had on every occasion when this question had
preserved itself for considaration, whether the measure
of Reform proposed were of an extensive or a limited na-
ture—whether it were confined to disfranchise a single
borough, or give representatives to large towns—he be-
lieved that till that night no man in the country had ever
heard the Noble Lord acknowledge himself an advocate
for Reform under any circumstances, at any time, or iu
any degree whatever, or confess that he considered it in
any manner proper or necessary—(hear, hear)—or was
prepared to give any plan of Reform his assent.—(Hear,
hear.) Among the other important effects of the Bill in
the country, he was entitled to say, that it had the good
effect of producing a conviction in the Noble Lord's mind
that some Reform was necessary, and that he was dis-
posed to agree to the plan proposed by his Noble Friend
on the Woolsack, which he regretted his Noble Friend
had not been allowed to bring forward in the House of
Commons, so that they might have seen how many of the
persons would have supported that Bill, who till ibis
went had made no such declarations as that avowed
special
tinheeasNuorleileofLßoredfo,ratHtebeshisiouolbdleliLkeor,tiowt.u7s,oTwhp:::ret.isPai-el
sure, but one or two
n it mean then tothr'invintl,asd
could not suffer to pass an g Noble
tes:ssewtanted which he
