Into the Kingdom this year.

American
South American
West Indies, Demerara, &c.
East Indies
Egypt, tce.

Bags.
699,928
136,910
7,100
94,117
36,777

Total of all descriptions
• Same period ltst year.
Bags.
American • 693;13.2
South American
West Indies, Demerara, &c. 6,590
East Indies
Egypt, &e.

974,832

Increase of Imports as compared with same
period last year
Exports in 1835.
American, 43,437; Brazil, 8,530; East India, 45,193;
West India, 65; Other kinds, 200.
Total in 1835
Same period last year

96,382

97,430
...... 86,327

- -
MEETINGS OF CREDITORS TO-MORROW.
G. langrnan' licensed victualler, Bride.lane
J. H. Rowe, builder, Coswell street . 12
A. Molony, wineanerchant, Sherard.street, Soho 1 1

SOUTH DURHAM RAILWAY.—At a meeting of
the Projectors of the South Durham Railway, held at the
Waterloo Hotel in this city (Durham), on Monday last,
it was decided that a branch should be carried on to the
Wingate Branch of the Hartlepool Railway, instead of
terminating at the junction of the main line with the Cla-
rence Railway. It is a surprising fact, that during the last
two or three months, while there has been a scat city of
ships in every neighbouring port, Hartlepool, owing to its
facility of access, has been well supplied. The knowledge
of this circumstance, is said to have been the cause of the
South Durham Company extending their operations farther
than they originally intended. On Wednesday night the
Iris, drawing thirteen and a half feet water, and two other
vessels, left with the wind at north-east, at the dead of the
neaps—a circumstance which could not happen in any other
port on this coast. -

OXFORD, Nov. 19.—1 n a convocation holden yesterday,
the University seal was affixed to an agreement with the
Rev. John Vane, as executor and residuary legatee of the
Right Hon. Michael Angelo Taylor, and his widow, Mrs.
Frances Ann Taylor, by which the Chancellor, Masters,
and Scholars of the University of Oxford, upon the receipt
of a sum amounting to sixty-five thousand pounds sterling,
consent to relinquish all further, claims under the wills of
Sir Robert Taylor, and the Right Hon. Michael Angelo
Taylor, respectively.
This day the following decrees were conferred :
DOCTOR IN CIVIL LAW.—John Elliot Pasley Robertson,
Magdelen Hall.
BACHELOR IN CIVIL LAW BY COMAIUTATION.—The Rev.
Wm. Young, Oriel.
• MASTERS OF ARTS.—Rev. Harry Vane Russell, Corpus,
Grand Compounder; Edward Sampson, and Rev. Louis
Davison de Nisme, Balliol; and Rev. William Priddeu,
Pembroke.

BACTIELORS OF ARTS.—Rev. Henry Walford Bellairs, New
Inn Hall ; Robert Willan Ashby Smith, and Edward Roberts,
Jesus ; Reginald Winnyatt, University ; Augustus Cranley
Onslow, and William Harper Brandreth, Christ Church ;
Henry Bishton, Brazennose ; Benjamin Wilson, George Eden
Peake, and Hamilton Edgar, Magdelen Hall; Wm. Browne,
Balliol; Arthur Francis Sheppard, Oriel ; Edward Gear e,
and Richard Hamond Gwyn Hamond, Exeter.

ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERNIENTS.

On the 30th ult. the Rev. Edmund Goodenough Bayly,
M. A., Fellow of Pembroke College, Senicir Proctor of this
University, and late Curate of Ampthill, Bedfordshire, was
instituted by the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, to the Rectory of
St. Andrew, with St. Nicholas annexed, in the town of Hert-
ford ; patron, Lord Holland, as Chancellor of the Duchy of
Lancaster.

The Rev. J. R. Furnass, M. A. of Merton College, to the
newly-created Vicarage of St. Matthew, Dianington, in the
county of Northumberland.
The Rev. William Howerth to the Rectory of Whitton
cum Thurlton, Suffolk.

The Rev. S. Payne (late of Wistow), to the Perpetual
Curacy of Hunstanworth, in the county and diocese of Dur-
bam ; patron, Robert Capper, Eq. of Cheltenham.
The Rev. Samuel Rees, M.A., to the Vicarage of Horsey,
Norfolk.

The Rev. Russell Skinner, M.A., to the Rectory of Swef-
fling St. Mary, Suffolk.
CAMBRIDGE, Nov. 20.—At a Congregation on Wed-
nesday last the following degrees were conferred :

BACHELORS IN DIVINITY.

'Rev. James Ralph Fox Mcek, St. John's College ; Rev.
John Clay, Emmanuel College.

LICENTIATES IN PHYSIC.

Robert Nairne, Trinity College ; Samuel John Jeffreson,
Pembroke College; James Andrew, Caius College.

MASTERS OF ARTS.
*George Jones Hilton, Trinity College; William David
Jones Bridgman, St. Peter's College ; Wm. Sloman Rowe,
Queen's College; Alfred Baldwin, Jesus College.

BACHELORS OF ARTS.

Charles Henry Parnthcr, Trinity College ; Theodore Ed-
ward Dunkin, Trinity College; John Hayne, Trinity College;
Joseph Beete Jukes, St. John's College ; Robert Fraser, St.
John's,College ; James Dixon Vickers, Pembroke College ;
Henry Nichols, Caius College ; Robert Rochester Haile,
Caius College ; Edward Cusack, Catherine Hall ; James
Coape, Christ's College.
At the same Congregation graces passed the Senate to
appoint Mr. Craufurd, of King's College, an Examiner in
the Lent Term of 1836 ; to exempt Mr. James Gwatkin
Cochrane, of Trinity College, from the penalty attached to
his not having been matriculated within the first three terms
of his residence,

MEMORIAL IN BEHALF OF THE

DORCHESTER LABOURERS.

On Thursday a Deputation from the Great Radical As-
sociation, composed of the following persons, the Rev. Dr.
Wade, Mr. Feargus O'Connor, Mr. Savage, and Mr.
Saunders, waited upon Lord John Russell, by appointment,
at the Home Office, for the purpose of presenting to his
Lordship a memorial in behalf of the Dorchester labourers.
The following was his Lordship's reply :

" I have heard the memorial read, and have listened at-
tentively to the observations and arguments of the gentle-
men composing the deputation. I think it most fair and
straight-forward to give you my opinion at once, rather than
lead you to expect any alteration in that which I have ex-
pressed before. I do not see that the facts contained in
the memorial throw any new light upon the subject ; and
I consider that as much as ought to be expected has already
been done. The question of the guilt of the party is one
that cannot be entertained by the Secretary of State for
the Home Department. That is one of fact, and must be
disposed of by a judge and jury. But surely, even with
regard to the legality of the purpose for which they met, no
man will call it freedom that one.portion of the community,
whateVer right they may have to dispose of their own la-
bour, should dictate the exact standard at which others
should be compelled to sell theirs. But having heard the
memorial read, it strikes me that I was not fortunate enough
to be understood in the House of Com Mons with regard to
the case of the Lovelesses. I did not mean to infer that
their superior intelligence and sagacity subjected them to
greater punishment than the others ;—but perhaps, I can
best explain the principle by giving you the opinion of
Edmund Burke. In reference to the riots of 1780, in
reply to the argument that mercy should be extended to
those, who, from conviction and a sincere love of Pro-
testantism, had commenced the disturbance, a distinction
should be made between those who joined from the mere
desire of plunder, he remarked that, as the former were
the originators, they were more culpable than the latter.
Now, if this principle be worth any thing, it. applies
equally to the case of the Lovelesses, who, i❑ fact, as prin-
cipals, were more. dangerous than the other four persons,
who were merely associated with them ; and we every day
witness, the powerful effect which a few designing men may
exercise over a community. I cannot give you a more
Powerful illustration than the fact just mentioned by Mr.
Savage with reference to the display made by the unionists
in
,parading the streets in numbers, many of whom told
me that they were compelled to join the party. Moreover,
I am inforMed that many respectable persons i❑ the neigh-
bourhood of Dorchester have been insulted for the part
they took upon the trial. And. again, I thought that the
Government had done as much as could be reasonably ex-
pected from them in this case. I took considerable pains,
previously to the motion of Mr. Wakley, in perusing docu-
ments relative to the subject. And upon the fullest inquiry
the Government thought they had acted leniently. But
suppose the entire of the punishment were now remitted,
and that I were to write this moment for the restoration of
the other four, it would not shorten their transportation by
a period of more than five months. The course which the
Government pursued was this. They allowed four of the
party to return, after a transportation of two years, during
which time they were to have their liberty in the colony,
and the Lovelesses were to remain for the period of seven
years, they also having their liberty. But upon further
consideration of the question, I felt myself justified in re.
commending the Lovelesses to the consideration of his Ma-
jesty, and his Majesty was graciously pleased to remit four
years of their sentence ;
,so that in fact I do not see how
more could be expected. 7 •
After his Lordship had delivered his answer to the me-
morial, the deputation, which was most corteously received,
retired.

HAMBURG AND BELGIAN PAPERS.

FRONTIERS or ITALY, Nov. W.—Several journals,
and among them the Allgemeine Zeitang, have spoken of
some misunderstanding arising from some article directed
against the French Government in the Neapolitan journals,
which almost led to the recall of the French Ambassador at
the Court of Naples. We now learn that serious dif-
ferences have arisen on similar grounds between the Duke
of Modena and. the English Government. The English
Government is said to have complained of the offensive
manner in which the English Government is treated in the
journals of Modena and other publications, and to have de-
manded that such offensive language shall be put a stop to.
The Duke is laid to have refused, on the ground that he is
treated by the English press as rudely as the English Mi-
nisters are by that of Modena, on which a violent alterca-
tion between the Duke and the London Cabinet is said to
have ensued. The latter affirms, that from the Constitu-
tion of Great Britain it has no such controul over the press
as to make it always remain within the bounds of decorum
in speaking of other countries and their Princes, and that
though the Cabinet may lament the insolence of the journals
it cannot be made answerable. But the journals of Mo-
dena, being subject to the censorship, the Government must
be considered in some degree answerable, and unless the
Duke give the satisfaction required all diplomatic connec-
tion between the two Courts must cease. As the Duke is
not inclined to give such satisfaction, it may be conjectured
that all regular intercourse between Modena and England
will soon cease, and the Duke of Modena will be at variance
with the two great Maritime Powers, for the King of the
French is not yet recognised by the Duke.
(From the Journal of Odessa.)
CONSI'ANTINOPI,EI 16.—Ten large men-of-war are

We hear that the documents brought to Constantinople
by Vcssaf Effendi clearly prove that Tafil Busi was an
agent of Mekemet Ali's. Mehemet's health is much shaken.
The arms with which he was supplied by the English, are
not paid for, and it seems that it is now determined to make
him perform his engagements.
It is affirmed that the Regency of Tunis is to become a
Pachalik, and that it is intended for Namick Pacha. Order
is not restored in Tripoli. The fortress is, indeed, occu-
pied by the Sultan's troops, but out of the gates are 100,000
Bedouins, who demand the return of the lat-i Bey. The
Janissaries, with their costumes and kettles, hav, retvined
their ground there. The Aga of Mesurall has refusea to
submit to the Porte. The new Pacha nominated by the
Porte is expected with large reinforcements.
A report has been spread here of the burning of the
English steam-boat at Marmarista. We hope, however,
that it will not be confirmed. There are now in the chan-
nel a Russian and English corvette, an English yacht, and
the Melange, French schooner. The English frigate, the
Barham, and the Albion steam-boat have left Constanti-
nople, and, already passed the Dardanelles.
„BaussELs, Nov. 20.—The Alessager de Gard says—
" On the 19th of this month the persons employed in the
cotton manufacture had a meeting, which was convoked to
discuss the following question Would it be for the in-
terest of the cotton manufacturers of Belgium were they
to join in the Prussian tariff of customs'''
" After a mature examination the meeting decided in the
affirmative. Measures were accordingly adopted to fellow
up this decision."

• Tile Journal of Verviers says, " We learn from good
authority that the Prussian Government has just eonsulte(
the- Cliamber of Commerce and Manufactures at Aix-la-
Chapelle on the question of the admission of Belgium into
the German Commercial Union."

A letter from Ostend of the 17th says, " The Countess
(f Elgin, which we mentioned yesterday, has been wholly
dashed to pieces during the night against the piles of the
port. All the cargo is landed, but it is very much durnaged."
We learn from Zealand, under the date of the 16th of
November, that several Dutch ships of war are fitted tvlt
and ready for service, viz., one corvette and three brigs. We
learn further that a squadron is to sail in the spring to the
Mediterranean, but it is not known of what ships it will he
composed. Prince Henry, it is supposed, will make a
voyage to the East Indies after his confirmation in the Re-
formed religion. He will probably perform the voyage on
board the Koetenaar, of the line.

ABOLITIONISM IN BOSTON.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUNDAY MORNING NEWS.

BOSTON, THURSDAY EVENING, OCT. 22.
Since the tea party there has not existed in Boston so
tremendous a state of excitement as- that into which our
calm thinking citizens have been precipitated by the fana-
tical folly and scoundrelism of the head and the leaders of
the Abolitionists. On Wednesday a notice was extensively
and simultaneously circulated in all parts of the city, that
the Female Anti-slavery Society would meet, and be ad-
dressed that afternoon by Thomson, Garrison, and others.
Of the effect produced by this you may
,fudge by the en-
closed handbill, hundreds of which were scattered through-
out the city:—
" Thomson, the Abolitionist. That infamous foreign
scoundrel, Thomson, will hold forth this afternoon, at the
Liberator-office, No. 48, Washington-street. The present is
a fair opportunity for the friends of the union to smoke Thom-
son out ! It will be a contest between the Abolitionists and
the friends of the union. A purse of 1001. has been raised by
a number of patriotic citizens, to reward the individual who
shall first lay violent hands on Thomson, so that he may be
brought to the tarkettle before dark. Friends of the union,
be vigilant."
The hall, hitherto occupied by the abolition maniacs, is
situated in Washington-street, No. 46. About 3 o'clock a
large number of citizens were at their posts, determined to
intercept George Thomson, &c., should he attempt to enter
that door. A few minutes elapsed, and the crowd, who
were anxious to be up and doing, delegated a deputation
to quietly ascend the stairs, and in the snort orderly man-
ner to throw out of the window the polluted paper which
had been used by the fanatics to record the proceedings, as
well as their tracts, &c. The committee empowered to
seek for persons and papers did their work thoroughly ;
heap after heap fell on the pavement, and in a few seconds
all were -torn to fragments and trampled under foot.. Do
not suppose that this wag uooompauied by cuinult. No ;
few words were spoken, few .Lhouts raised. All was done
in comparative silence, but it was the quietude of concen-
trated and justifiable anger. About 3 o'clock p.m. some
40 or i 0 of the black and white female Abolitionists hay-
ing been advised by his honour the Mayor to adjourn
sine die, marched down arm-in-arm, in pianoforte-key
order, black and ►►hite, side by .side ; this goodly proces-
sion of alternate ebony and ivory' was greeted with
laughter, hisses, and mock applause. Garrison, who had
been the only man (?) among them, had previously
decamped through a window, and—more's the pity—he
only came near breaking his neck, by missing his foot-
hold through agitation, and falling on the roof of a small
building, from some boxes which were piled up about 30
feet from the ground, and by means of which he had at-
tempted the descent. He then made his way, without
staying for the ceremony of an invitation, into a carpenter's
shop, and snugly ensconced himself under a heap of shav-
ings. Shortly after his flight the sign, on which was painted
4 Female Abolition Society-room,' was lowered into the
street, and broken in pieces by the people. Garrison was
soon unkennelled in the carpenter's second story ; a rope
was fastened loosely round his neck, and his attendants po-
litely handed him down a ladder from his elevated station.
I wish there was any law to hand him up one and off one,
sccundum artcm. He was then escorted to the Mayor's
office, two of his body guard carefully holding him by the
collar. He was deadly pale, his eyelids quivered, his lips
trembled convulsively, and his breathing came quick and
thick. Moved to contemptuous pity by his terror, the cry
was general of Don't hurt the fellow.' The gentleman
and his attendants soon arrived opposite the Mayor's office.
His Honour appeared, and appealed to the good sense and
patriotism of the citizens of Boston, in support of the supre-
macy of the laws. This produced the desired effect. It
was not, however, without considerable difficulty that he
was carried in a coach to the gaol ; but this arose more
from the pressure of the multitude than from any malice
prepense against Garrison, though, had he again fallen into
their hands, it is impossible to tell what would have been
the consequences. When he was at last housed (as he
should be) in prison, he is reported to have exclaimed,
Never before was a man so happy at finding himself in
gaol.' The fellow was released from prison this morning,
and left the city. Every thing is now de filch) as quiet as
if nothing had happened—but de sennone, I may say with
the poet—
" "The wind is down, but still the waves run high.'"

FATAL ACCIDENT—BULL-RIDING.—On Thurs-
day last, an inquisition was taken in the Town-hall, East
Retford, before the worshipful the Bailiffs of that borough,
touching the manner in which William Pinder, an inha-
bitant of that place, had come to his death. Mr. Thomas
Foster saw the deceased riding upon his bull, on the bridge
which connects East and West Retford ; the bull seemed
in a very bad temper. Witness advised him to get off, as
he was sure either of being lamed or killed ; to which he re-
plied, " No, I'll make him go ;" and immediately struck the
beast, which stood still, and after remaining stationary a
short time, it went on again, until they came near Mr.
Agar's shop, when he struck the bull again, which imme-
diately plunged and reared like a horse ; deceased fell down
over the beast's shoulder, in such a manner as to cause wit-
ness to exclaim that he was either dead or badly hurt. The
deceased was well known throughout England, having, a .
few years ago, travelled with a large pig in a caravan ;
lately, he has resided at Retford, and usually bad either
one or more bulls, which he used to yoke and ride in the
same manner as a horse. The deceased was 71 years of age,
and a very good neighbour. —Nottingham Review.
On Sunday morning last, the inhabitants of Moul-
ton were greatly agitated on assembling for divine wors'.ap
in the church, by a report that body-snatchers had been
active in the parish on the previous Friday night. In cur
last week's paper we noticed the unfortunate death of George
Lucas, drayman to J. R. Carter, Esq. ; his remaias were
interred on Thursday the 12. th, at Moulton, and on Sun-
day morning, Skeath, the sexton, in crossing the church-
yard, observed that the grave had been disturbed ; he
itu-
mediately comminunicated the circumstance to the Rev.
Charles Moore, magistrate and minister of the parish, who
ordered the grave to be opened. On examination, it was
found that the screws of the coffin had been removed, and
the body was missing ; a turnscrew was discovered among
the earth. These particulars being also communicated to
the worthy magistrate, and suspicion falling on the surgeoni. -
of the parish, who lived near the spot, a search. warrant,
was granted, atid the body of the unfortunate deceasost
was found in a garret over the surgery, in a drea9lfeltY;,.
mangled state. It was speedily again interP.ed in the, .
churchyard. The individual suspected has undergone an
exaoiination ; he denies any participation in tae saert.b!gc;..,
but his apprentice, a youth about eighteen years of are',
has absconded, and it is feared his absence may be •r.
buted to his being an accomplice in the shocking; affatiq'on
There were far more persons in the grave-yard dual in the'''n
church of Moulton on Sunday, and the horrible disc overy
cast a damp on the services of the day.—Lincoln Mc reary.
