day. di Yesterday having been entrusted with most
important petition, signed by four thousand pa-
rishioners of St. Paul's, Covent-garden, for the
rep. al of the assessed taxes, and havinz pre-
sented that petition to the House of Commons,
he took the opportunity that was then offered him of in•
forming the Chancellor of the Exchequer of that which
he was sure the resolutions of to-day would re-echo,
namely, the sad and bitter disappointment with which
the people of the metropolis, and the people throughout
the whole country, whose sentiments coincided with those
of the meeting's, would have of that miserable pretext of
is for not relieving the people from these taxes. He
told the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the people
wanted subst intial relief—(Loud and continued cheering)
—and he would now venture to tell that meeting, and
every constituency throughout the country, in whose
power and influence the Government of the country was,
that it would be their own faults, and their own faults
alone, if all their own re tamable wishi,s and desires were
not carried into effect.—(Cheers.) Mr. O'Connell had
told them not to confi !e in the present Administration.
He (Mr. Robinson) would give them no such advice, because
it was quite unnecessary; bitter experience had shown—
(Loud cheers)—the people of this kingdom that there
was no implicit confidence to be placid in any adminis-
tration. The peop'e should place confidence in them-
selves,—in their own honest, strenuous, and united
exertions ; they should place confidence in those re-
presentatives who, after applying to them for their
support, when they sought an entrance into the House o'
Commons, did not forget when they entered that House
the promises and the pledges they had given.—(Hear,
hear.) That was the advice he gave, for whatever result
they came to to-day, and whatever similar resolutions
might take place throughout the country, (which he be-
lieved would be the case), it would be of no use, unless a
majority of the House of Commons should confirm those
resolutions by their votes. They had long lived on the
system, as Mr. Hume had told them, that if the
Government wanted a certain sum of money, as they
conceived for certain purposes, they held out the language
that they must have that money in some way or other;
and the people of this county hail submitted to that sys-
tem as lung as they were able. But the time bad now
come, tuifortunately, when it was absolutely necessary,
that the Ministers of the Crown should he told the people
were no longer able to pay the taxes levied on them. It
was also necessrry the Ministere of the Crown should he
told hie by the votes of the House of Commons, and that
could only be obtained by an unsparing system of
retrenchment and economy, carried on much further
thin it had ever yet been carried on.—(Hear, hear.)
After that had been dune, if the condition of the country
required further relief, he knew of no plan by which
that relict could be obtained, except by the adoption of
a plan which he bad submitted to the House of Com-
mons last year, that of a commutation of taxes, which
were now imposed on those who were unable to pay
them, on that immense mass of the country who now
contributed very little.—(Loud cheers.) The support
he had received on that occasion, unconnected as he was
was with any party, of 157 representatives of the people
encouraged him in the belief and expectation that iu the
course of a year or two some relief in the way of a com-
mutation of taxes would be effected ; for lie was not so
tied up to any nostrum of his own as not to afford his
assistance to any other gentleman who might make some
such propositiou.—(Loud cheers, and cries of '' No, no,
you always voted in favour of taxation." He had always
given his humble support in the House of Commons to
every proposition for a reasonable reduction of taxation,
and for the curtailment of the public expenditure,
and when the motion should be brought forward
on a future day for the total repeal of the hinse and win-
dow tax, he would give his vote decidedly in favour of
such a proposition.—(Bravo, bravo.) He would leave
Ministets—as former Administrations had had the inge-
nuity to extract an amount of taxation from the poi kets of
the people, which (as had been very well observed) with-
out a House of Commons could not have been extracted at
all—either to make up the deficiency by a reduction of
the public expenditure, or to supply !he means in some
other way. He agreed that a Reformed House of Com-
mons was perfectly useless unless they obtained some sub-
stantial relief through the instrumentality of it. The
people of this country had been charged by men who
knew very little of them, and of their feelings, with
an ignorant impatience of taxation, and, God knew, the
people had a right to complain of the taxation which was
heaped upon them ; but that was not to be got rid of
without the exertion of powerful and vigorous means.
He agreed with those who thought the present Adminis-
tration were very well-meaning men.—(Uproar, and cries
of " No, no.") He was not, as they knew, a supporter
of the Administration, but he was bound to speak as be
thought; but they wanted a degree of firmness and energy,
and that knowledge of the determination of the English
nation which he believed these resolutions to-day would
impress on their minds.—(Herr, bear.) He would
now conclude his observations by advising them
not to rely implicitly on any Government, and
not to place toogreat a reliance on their Representatives.—
(Cheers, and cries of "Burdett and Hohhouse," and great
uproar ) He begged to be understood as not speaking of
the Representatives of Westminster.—(Great uproar and
confusion.) lie would advise the people of England not
to place too great a reliance on their,Representatives, unless
they found by their conduct in Parliament that they justi-
fied those expectations which they had a right to entertain
of them. Tills was a time when the electors of the
kingdom were required to do their duty, by calling upon
their representatives to do their duty, and then the Mi-
nisters of the Crown would be compelled to do theirs;
and by such means and by such exertions, he
could see no reason, when be looked around him,
and saw the elements of prosperity were existing
in every part of the ciiuniry by the industry and intelli-
gence of its population, why they should not be a happy
and united, instead of a dissatisfied and divided, nation..--
(Vehement cheering.) The Hon. Gentlern in, after
thanking the meeting for the indulgence with which they
had heard him, concluded by moving the 4th resolution :
" 4. That the system of assessing the value of houses is
so uncertain in its principle and so unjust in its operation,
that in the opinion of this meeting it ran no longer be
borne; it having been proved by Parliamentary returns,
that houses built for the purposes of trade at an outlay of
two thousand pounds, are actually rated as being worth
more in annual value, than buildings appropriated to lux-
urious enjoyments, which have cost not less than one
hundred times that amount."

Mr. Gouc rr stated that he was one of a deputation that
waited on the Chancellor of the Exchequer that morning.
A large public meeting was held at Shoreditch yesterday,
and it might be said that upwards of 70,000 inhabitants
had sent a deputation to the Chancellor. Many of these
inhabitants were in a starving condition.—(Cheers and
murmuring.) The deputation stated boldly to the Chan-
cellor that they would pay these taxes no longer.—
(Cheers.) They told him another fact. In Shoreditch
here were 8,000 houses, and of these 1,000 were unuc
cupied.—(Loud cries of " Hear.") He asked the meet-
ing if the Hoorn-led Parliament had dune anything to
deserve the confidence of the people.—(Hear.) He had
hoped to have seen a resolution for an address to the Throne
to remove the Ministry from their places.—(Long con-
tinued clieers and clapping ut hands.) It was proposed,
gentlemen, that artisans should go, and I went for one,
to ask fur the repeal of these taxes. His Lordship said
the coun•ry is not asking for the abolition of window and
it use duty. He (Mr. G.) reminded Lord Althorp that
;ie had, when out of office, voted for the repeal of those
taxes, His Lordship replied to this : " I voted for the
;ihelition of tire house and window taxes, and other taxes
at that time, to embarrass tt,e Alinistry."—(Cries of " Oh,
shame.") Tne deputation then told the Chancellor that
:he inhabitants would meet from day till day till these
taxes were abolished, and that they would not pay
any tax-suntil the standing army was reduced.—(Hear.) li
It any man would deceive the country, it was Lurd Ai-
' chorp.—(Cheers.) He would recommend that :he meet-
tog should assemide week by week until the taxes were
repealed.—(Cheers.) He concluded by seconding the 4th
resolution.—(Loud cheers.)
Sir S. WHALLEY said he would not detain the meeting
long, for two reasons, fhb!, because they were all agreed
the objects of the meetine, and secondly that he was
now a Member of a House, whose hours were as bad as
their c ntluct was profligate.—(Laughter.) They kept
such bad hours, that this morning they did nut break up
anti! half-past 3 o'clock, and he had been unable to have
sufficient rest. he could not, however, refuse to perform
what he conceived to be his duty in appearing before
them. When he had the honour about three or four
months ago to meet the united deputations from the me-
tropolitan constituencies at the London Tavern, he did
hope that that would be the last occasion when it would
ate necessary to petition for a repeal 01 these taxes. He
did hope that, after the o;iinion so loudly declared against
hese taxes that there did not breathe an individual who
:lad the audacity to b,y- that their repeal was not loudly
called for—(Cheers)—but that Lord Althorp, in the teeth
it their fixed and unalterable determination to get those
taxes repealed, should declare that their repeal was not called
tor, and that the people were willing to submit to them a
tells longer, exceeded all credibility; indeed, if an Hon.
Gentleman had not said he heard the Noble Lord say so,
.e would say it was such as no. person ought to credit.
They all exerted themselves to endeavour to get the Reform
BID, not because there was any magic in the word Re-

foiTa, out as a means of ontaining an alleviation fromthe
burdens that oppressed the people. The people had all
along been cheered by the hope that their burdens would
he removed or much lessened, but that hope, which had
kept them up amidst great privations, had been, by one
declaration from Lord Altborp, struck from under them.
He knew of no alarm of a similar kinA except that which
was expressed by the Duke of Wellington, " That the
existing system of representation was perfect." In season
and out of Belson, he would press on Ministers the ne-
cessity of a repeal of these: taxes —(Chess.) What had
the Chancellor of the Taxes offered them in exchange
for the support they bad tendered him? Only an
insulting reduction to that class of socety on which taxes
most severely pressed.—(Cheers.) The Noble Chancellor
of the Exchequer would not repeal the house and window
duty, but he would do that which had hitherto been
adopted by all governmk nts of this country, viz. relieving
the aristocracy of trade.—(Cheers.) He would not re•
live large class of retail dealers, who, perhaps, had but a
shop and one room, and were obliged to let the rest of the
house to eke out a subsistence by lodgers. No! that. class
was beneath the Noble Lord's notice.—(Cheers.) It was
those establishments of 50 or 60 clerks each, those Levia.

thins in trade who swallowed up the lower class, that he
would relieve from a burden they were well able to afford
—(Cheers)—but the grocer, the butcher, and the hiker
would not be relieved one farthing.—(Cheers.) The
Hon. Gentleman then read his resolution, and said had it
not been that they bad hoped a r. formed Parliament
would have taken off the burdens of the people, of what
use was it to transfer the representation of Old Sarum to
Marylebone ?—(Cheers ) He implored the people not
to withdraw their confidence from their repres..ntative,,
until they had proof that they did their duty no longer.
The meeting would hardly believe that the house and
window-tax, paid by the metropolis, was equal to that
which was paid by 16 counties in Engl!nd. When the
Reform Rill was proposed, it was said to be governed by
population and taxation; but it was a fact that sixteen
counties having ten-fold the number if representatives of
the metropolis did not pay so much taxes as the metro-
lis alone did. Every person must agree that a house to
shelter a man from the inclemency of the weather was one
of the first necessaries of life, and yet a tax on that ne-
cessary cat a man in a humble station of life, om-tenth
of his income. Why then should not a man of 100,000/.
a year he taxed in the same proportion,—(Cheers.) lie
contended that the time had now arrived when the
house and window tax ought to be repealed—must be re-
pealed—and should be repealed. He concluded amidst
loud cheers, by proposing tie following resolution :

" S. That in our recent efforts to aid the Governm-nt
in the achievement of the all important question of Par-
liamentary reform, we were cheered with the hope that
the consummation of that great measure would be fol-
lowedl by a propos:tion on the part of the Government, to

abolish the taxes of which we now complain; but this
meeting now feels bound to declare its unfeigned regret

and surprise that Ministers should appear disposed to con-
tinue those burdens, the repeal of which they have hereto-
fore strenuously advocated, and which are acknowledged
to press so unequally and unjustly, on a large portion of
the housekeepers of the kingdom."

Mr. CORDER. having taken active part in getting up the
meeting, and lest it should be said that there was no
elector of Westminster ready to support the proceedings of
the day, had determined to offer a few observations to the
meeting, upon seconding the resolution proposed by the
Hon. Member for Marylebone. He objected to the house
and windov taxes, because they were so expensive of
collection. I❑ Ireland and Wales there were 14,64.0
parishes, each of which had one, and some of them two or
three, crown collectors. And many of the-e 14,000 had,
under the Reform Bill, been employed in curtailing the
rights of the people.—(Cheers.) In the metrop dis they
sctewed up the ratings to meet not only the rack rent, but
the improvements in the premises, and even the cost of in-
surance against fire.—(Shame.) Lord Althorp seemed to
think because there were no petitions presented against
these taxes by the county Members that there was no demand
fur their repeal ; but the county members were not interested
in the abolition of them.—(Hear.) Would the Chancellor
of the Exchequer refuse to pay attention to the petitions
of those whom they were so eager to receive petitions
from in favour of the Reform Bill?—(Hear, hear.) An-
other objection to those taxes was, that the people were
no longer able to pay them.—(Cheers.) After this meet-
ing was broken up, those who departed from it might pass
many people of respectable appearance, unable to pay the
assessed taxes.—(Hear.) Had Lord Althorp, be asked,
heard of the poor widow whose chest of drawers, for
which she gave 6/., was sold by the tax collector for 205.?
—(Shame.) He (Mr. Corder) had been called upon to
attend the death-beds of several poor men, who implored
him to use any influence he might possesF, to prevent the
little furniture to be left by the dying person, from being
taken away from the poor widow for taxes.—(Hear.) He
had laboured in his own locality to keep the public peace,
and to support order and morality ; hut the time was now
come, when he must recollect other duties—when he must
remember the duty he owed to himself; and lie now de-
clared his belief that the time was come, when the exam-
ple of Lord Milton should he followed, and every man
determine no longer to pay taxes, the continuation of
which was a positive breach of faith on the part of Mi-
nisters..—(Cheers.) He called, then, on the Government
and on those who supported the Government—(Cries of
" Sir Francis Burdett, do you hear")—he called on all
who supported the Government to meet the wishes of the
people, and render unnecessary a refusal which might lead
to the worst of consequences. In the parish wherein he
resided, the number of poor rates receivers was nearly
one half of the whole inhabitants.—(Hear, hear.) He
would most cheerfully second the resolution.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM was proud of the present opportu-
nity of taking part with the proceedings of the meeting,
the object of which he had so much at heart. The reso-
lution which be li ad the honour to propose contained
sentiments in which he fully concurred. It was the
following :
" 6. That one of the great evils of which si e com-
plained in an unreformed House of Parliament, was, that

it had no sympathy with the sufferings of the people, but
although our cause has been unexpectedly abandoned by
his Majesty's Ministers, it now remains to be proved what
reliance can be placed upon the peseta representatives of
the people, upon whom we solemnly and unitedly call to
relieve us horn taxes, which, it is universally admitted,
press most heavily and un!airly upon the middling end
trading classes of the community.
That resolution was most able and complete. The oh-

Ject of the meeting was to call public attention to two
great considerations—the enormous amount of taxes, and
the inequality of their distribution.—(Hear, hear.) It was
said that the establishments of the country were on the
lowest possible scale, and that there was no room for re-
duction. Now that, every one must be aware, was nut
the case; but he held that the obligation of the debt of
the country itself was a subject requiring revision ; and
had the motion that sought for an inquiry into the tonne.

tary system been carried, it would have been seen to have
been necessary either to reduce the capital or the interest.
What was (he use, he would a,k, of expending money in
conquering colony after colony, but to place the sons of
the aristocracy in situations of emolument, the money that
had been expended in that way would have been far more
than sufficient to have procured peace and happiness at
home ? As to the inequality of taxation—the at istocracy
of the country, who had large estates, paid on
their property about five to ten per cent., tie
merchant and manufacturer from 15 to 20 per cent., the
shopkeeper 25 per cent., and the labourer upwards of 30
per cent.—it third of their entire incolue. The situation
of the beasts of the field was better than the lower orders
of this country ; they were well housed and taken care of,
and, as compared with the artizans of this cow try, were
living in luxury. This was no overcharged picture, but
the truth. He considered the hou-e tax most obnoxious,
and the window tax inaptoua.—(Hear,) The time had
now arrived when the toast proposed so often in that room
by the Hon. Baronet in the chair, of " the sovereignty of
the p.ople," should no longer be a mere bye word, and
that the sceptre should be placed in the hands of that so-
ven.,ignty.—(Loud cheers.)
Sir F. I3URDETT (the Chairman) then rose to ad-
dress the meeting and was received with cheers and groans.
He wished most explicitly at this stage of the proceeding
to make the meeting acquainted with his sentiments, but
the first place be wished to remove from their minds an
obviously unintentional misrepresentation (holding up the
Times newspaper of to-day) of what was supposed to
have fallen from him last night in the House of
C nn and cries of " There
isuntro''. H
distress
—(ear, hear, hear,
in Westminster.*) In a sentence, it would
appear to be impossible—it was so absurd and inconsistent.
He was made to say that theie was no di•tress in the
zaun,ry. He did nut think that any one who knew hint
would believe that he would state without foundation any
opinion so dogmatical, but he was made al-o to say that '
lie agreed with the Noble Lord (Althorp) in his motion
respecting the standard of the currency, and yet it tp-
peared—and appeared truly that his name was the rhino-
rity against the proposition of the Noble Lord. What he did
say was, that he would have supported Mr. Attwood
motion, if he had put it fairly before the House, and not
have involved it in any mystification, for he was as anxious
as Mr. Attwood to take into consideration the state of the
currency of the country, to which he attributed one of two
distresses. He attributed this distiess to two different
causes—there was distress among the working classes,

which was caused by a greater competition for labour than
the present capital of the country could remunerate, and
he collected from the members of the manufacturing districts,
particularlyYorkehire and Lancashire, that of late there was
an ameliorating of the distress that had prevailed there.
lie said also that there was an overwhelming distress
caused by a return to gold payments after the currency
of the country had been greatly augmented, when all
prices of necessaries had risen enormously high, and when
all taxes had been laid on, on a supposition of the conti•
nuance of those high prices—that was the statement he
had made.—(Hear.) He was afraid that no remis-
sion of taxes would recover the state of the produc-
tive classes of the country, and restore to them
that prosperity of which the mistaken and ignorant
system of Legislation had deprived them. He would not
enter into the discussion of that question, or of any ques-
tion relating to politic a economy, because be thought
that public meetings were not the proper places in which
to discuss them.—(Cheers and groans.) lie repeated,
that the House of Commons was the most proper place fur
those topics, and if the people thought their representa
tives did not sufficiently comprehend those subjects, it was
their duty to select others who did.—(Great uproar,
which continued for some time.)—With respect to the
question before them, be must say that it was impossible
for a reformed Parliament to draw down manna from
heaven, or that any administration could give relief to the
country in so short a period of time, after half a century
of p.olligate government.—(Curers, groans, and cries of
" Twaddle ; " off, off.'') He felt himself bound to attend
a meeting which was convened by 30 large a portion of his
constituents, but it was necessary that he should request
that they should not be led away by their own passions.—
(" Off, off," and hisses) lie asked not fur applause or
approbation.—( Here the noisy and uproar became so great,
that but very few sentesces of the Hon. Baronet's speech
were afterwards heard.) There was not one of the reso-
lutions but mooted the consideration of subjects of politi-
cal economy, and he could not agree with any
of them. As to the house and window tax—(Here
the uproar increased, and while the lion. Baronet
continued to speak, and with great emphasis to those
near him, the itinerant orator, Dr. Wade, jumped on a
table at one end of the platform, and bail d out—" I
move that Mr. Murphy take the chair." Tt.is proposi-
tion was met with vol ies of hisses, and cries of No. The
scene which took place upon this, it is impossible
to describe). The lion. Baronet, we understood, amid
this confusion, to complain that his name had been adver-
tised as Chairman without his sanction, and he bad never
been consulted on the resolutions.—(Here Dr. Wade ad-
dressed the meeting amid general uproar and much
confusion. After making a few further observations
which were wnoily inaudible, the Honourable Baronet
left the chair amidst loud expressions of applause
and disapprobation. The room presented at that
period a scene of universa confusion, and there
were I..urt cries from many voices for Dr. Wade
and Mr. Murphy to take the chair; while numerous
voices expressed in loud terms their dissent from both
propositions. Most of the respectable persons who had
been on the platform left it, as did hundreds from the body
of the room.)
After Sir Francis Burdett had retirrd, a show of hands
wss called for a Chairman, and Sir John Key was de-
clared ni be voted in.

Sir JOHN Kay put the 6th resolution, with the follow-
ing addition, which was carried unanimous'y :
" And we deeply regret that a large majority of the
Reformed House of Commons seem to evinve as little
sympathy for the distress, and as little regard for the
liberties of the people, in supporting a Government who
have destroyed the liberties of Ireland; who have opposed
every inquiry into the distress of the people; who have
upheld naval and military sinecures ; and who, ky the
Budget they have brought forward, stow a determination
to follow the example of the Tories in supporting an un-
necess .rily ex ravagant expenditure."
Mr. Multriiv, in proposing the 7th, Bth, and 9th reso-
lutions, condemned the conduct of the Hun. Baronet for
leaving the chair ; and advised that the people should agi-
tate and continue to agitate, until Alioisters listened to
the wishes of the country. The resolutions were as follow :
"7. That the House and Window Taxes were avow-
edly imposed for the purpose of carrying on a war ; with
a solemn pledge from the Government that they should
cease within two years after the termination of that war.
That the country has now enjoyed eighteen years of pro-
found peace, and this meeting feels that it has a right to
call for their immediate repeal; and it hereby pledges
i;self not to relax in its efforts until that object is attained."
" 8. That it is expedient, and it is hereby strongly re-
commended, that the electors and other inhabitant house
holders throughout England, Scotland, and Wales, should
forthwith transmit instructions to their respective repre-
sentatives, to support Sir John Key's mo.ion for the total
repeal of the House and Window Taxes, which will be
brought forward o❑ Tuesday, the 30th day of April in-
stant."

"9. That a petition to the House of Commons,
founded on the foregoing resolutions, be forthwith prepared
by the committee who have assisted in calling this meet-
ing, and that the chairman be requested to sign the same
on the pirt of this meeting, and that Sir John Key be re-
quested to present the same."
Dr. WADI: seconded the resolutions.

A young man, apparently an artizan, wished that the
whole of the taxes should be repealed.—(Cries of " Ques-
tion," and " Off, off ")
Sir JOHN KEY claimed for every speaker a fair hear-
ing.—(We understood the speaker who was addressing the
meeting had an amendment to propose, but the amend-
ment was withdrawn.)

After which the three resolutions were passed unani.
mously. _ _

A vote of thanks to the Chairman was then passed,
amid loud che<•rs and a flourish of trumpets. The com-
pliment was acknowledged by the Chairman, and the
meeting separated at half-past five o'clock.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

(Conclusion of the Chronicle article of yesterday.)

A double standard is as absurd as saving that
a man should be of two heights or two breadths
at the same time. But Sir Henry Parnell adz
mirably exposed the absurdity of this notion :

"If (he s tid) the facts of the case were examined, it
would be found that every attempt which had been made
in this country, and every other country, to have a double
standard, had failed.—(flear, hear.) We had a double
standard in this country up to the year 1816 ; but what
was the state of the silver coin ? No legal coin existed.
The cause was, that the Mint prices of gold and silver were
so adjusted, that silver coin could not be kept in circula-
tion : but if the relative value should be ever so properly
adjusted in the first instance, it was impossible the two
metals could continue in circulation, because the value of
both was liable to fluctuation ; and when any such fluc-
tuation took p 1 then one of the metals would be of
more value in bullion than in coin, and would be melted.
There had b,en much error in the course of this debate,
in assuming that silver had been the standard of value in
this country.—(Cheers.) It had been so nominally, but
in reality it was held by all the best authorities, that in
point of fact, during; the whole of the last century, gold
was the standard. This was proved to be the case by the
reduction of the value of the guinea, in 1717, from 21s. 6d.
to 21e. being followed by a reduction in the price of gold
to the same amount."

Ution the whole, it may be said of Mr. Mat-
thias Attwood and Mr. Baring that they are
well matched ; that they are acute enough to
perceive the absurdities of each other; but when
they come to dispense their respective nostrums,
there is not a pin's point to choose between
them. The only Member who has yet fairly
met the argument of Mr. Poulett Thomson
against the existence of distress, from the ex-
tended consumption of exciseable articles, was
Mr. Robinson (Worcester). " He did not," he
place any faith in the arguments of the
Right Hon. Member for Manchester (Mr. P.
Thomson) and the Hon. Member for London
(Mr. Grote) that because tea and other excise-
able articles had increased in consumption, the
comforts of the people had been augmented. In
his opinion, it could only be taken as a change
in the habits of the people—( Hear, hear)—
that instead of having the good old roast beef,
they used articles of a less substantial and less
strengthening character." The consumption of
tea and roast beef is not incompatible with each
other. It does not indeed follow, because much
tea, sugar, and coffee are consumed, that much
roast beef is consumed, but neither does it fol-
low that it is not consumed. 'Wherever it can
be afforded it will be found that the aug-
mentation of the liquid, does not im-
pair the consumption of the solid food.
But though we believe that, since the peace,
the produce of the soil has increased in the'ratto

of the increase of the population, we lament that
we can only speak conjecturally. An far as a few
great towns are concerned, we believe there is
good evidence of an increased consumption of
animal food. We trust that Government will
see the necessity of supplying the country with
means for ascertaining the consumption of
animal food, as well as of exciseable articles.
How easy would it be to have an establishment,
with branches throughout the country, for ob-
taining accurate information on this subject. We
are convinced that, though a few of the Surrey
and Southdown hills may no longer be ploughed,
yet that a number of judicious agricultural im-
provements have been made since the peace, and
that the quantity of human food, both vegetable
and animal, has been greatly increased. We hear,
indeed, of estates untenanted and unoccupied ;
but we have never seen any in that predicament.
No one tangible argument has been urged in
favour of depreciation, but that landlords would
be benefited by it. Mr. Lambert was very pa-
thetic on the hardships suffered by landlords,
who, in consequence of the appreciation, found
their mortgages suddenly increased in value.
It is quite true that landlords under mortgages
are often, at present, in their mortal throes. But if
we are to take an account of suffering from ap-
preciation and depreciation, where are we to be-
gin and where to end ? How many merchants
found themselves, at the peace, reduced from
immense wealth to beggary ? Who does not
know that all changes in the standard are fraught
with ruinous consequences ? But because Mr.
Lambert suffered in 1819, is that a reason for
making some one else suffer now ? The gen-
tleman who purchased an estate twenty years
ago for sixty thousand pounds, and sold it a
week ago for thirty-five thousand pounds, and
invested the money in the funds, must again be
made a sufferer through depreciation, and find
his property dwindled down to twenty-five thou-
sand pounds. These tricks might benefit im-
poverished landowners; but they cannot benefit
the country. The divisions last night will sa-
tisfy the country that the advocates of spoliation,
with all their mancauvring to catch Members to
inquiry, have not the slightest chance of suc-
ceeding in their object. Mr. Attwood's motion
was lost by a majority of 331 to 139, or 192.
A long discussion then followed, on an atneNd-
ment made by Mr. M. Attwood to Lord Al-
thorp's resolution, engrafting an inquiry on it,
which was lost by a majority of 271 to 134.
The motion of Lord Ali horp was then carried
by a majority of 304 to 49, or 255. The an-
nouncement of these numbers was received with
loud cheering.—Morning Chronicle.
We were not unprepared for the determined stand
made yesterday at the Crown and Anchor, against
the continuance of the Assessed Taxes. 'We do not
beli.ive, however, that Ministers were at all aware
of the extent of the hostility to the taxes in ques-
tion throughout the metropolis. There are many
reasons why the people of the metropolitan districts
should be peculiarly hostile to the house and window
tax. In the first place, more than one-half of the
whole is paid by the metropolis, though there is no
proportion between the .lealth of the metropolis
and the rest of the United Kingdom. Various cir-
cumstances have led to the inequality. There are
many exemptions from the tax in the country,
sanctioned by law,; but besides the legal exemp-
tions, the tax is scandalously evaded in many parts.
At all events, there is 110 proportion between the
rental, on which the house arid window duty of the
metropolitan districts is levied, and the rental of the
rest of the towns of the Island, to say nothing of
the mansions of the nob lily and gentry. In the
second place, the inhabitants of the metropolis are
peculiarly hostile to this tax,becauseall their attempts
t 0 obtain relief, under altered circumstances, have been
obstinately resisted ; and they have been worried to
death by surcharges and other acts of official oppres-
sion. A determination would seem to have been
taken, to admit of no diminution of burden, even
where rents have greatly fallen. It may be true,
that the condition of the people of the United King-
dom is, upon the whole, as prosperous as it has ever
been, and yet that the metropolis does not enjoy its
share of the general prosperity. In fact, a very im-
portant branch of manufacture has lately taken its
departure from the Eastern part of the metropolis.
The outports, and especially Liverpool, have been
gradually drawing more mid more of the foreign
trade of London, as witness the falling off in the
tonnage of London, last year, and the fall in the
price of Dock Shares. hen, however beneficial
the opening of the China trade may be to the country
in general, there can be no doubt that London, in
particular will be a considerable sufferer. The West
India mortgagees and rich proprietors live chiefly
in London and the neighbourhood, and the distress
of that class has been much felt in the metropolis.
Various circumstances indicate, in a manner not to be
mistaken, the decline in the circumstances of a great
portion of the inhabitants of the metropolis. The
villas in the neighbourhood, which till within this
year or two were seldom unoccupied are now mostly
uninhabited. Go where you will you see number-
less cottages to let or to be sold. The price of
building materials may have fallen considerably, but
this alone will not account for the great depreciation
of this species of property. There is no abatement,
however, in the demands of the tax-gatherer. The
consequence of all this is, that the people have
fairly lost patience, arid that their language (the
more wonderful considering the characteristic pa-
tience of Englishmen) is absolutely rebellious. Now
though it may be true that the metropolis is not to
set itself against the whole island, yet a million
and a half of people, collected on one spot, ought
not to be driven to desperation. We are quite sa-
ti,fied that many people have actually made up
their minds to pay the house and window tax no
longer—and that rather than hazard any unpleasant
issue, it would be prudent on the part of the Go-
vertnnent to abandon this duty for the present, with
the hope of covering the deficiency hereafter, either
by further reductions of expense or by an increase
on the produce of the taxes. We are far from thinking
that the extravagance of a portion of the meeting
yesterday is shared byt he great body of the inhabitants
of the metropolis. But waving this point, there will
be found among of all pr nciples a strong disinclina-
tion to pay any longer the house and window-tax.
It may or it may not be possible to enforce the col-
lection of the tax. We are not fond of pronouncing
decided opinions on such ticklish points. But we
really think the Government, without rendering
itself liable to any accusation of extraordinary weak-
ness, ought so far to respect the public feeling of so
large a portion of the inhabitants of these islands as
are found in the metropolis, as to abandon this
odious tax. Some of the assessed taxes, as the
duties on carrriages, dogs, &e., ought not to be
abandoned. Tile inhabitants of the metropolis con-
fine their hostility to the house and window-tax.
We put the language of the speakers out of the
consideratiou, though Ministers may be assured thut
the dissatisfaction caused by the determination to
continue these taxes must be very great indeed,
when language—not merely bold, but almos treason.
able—could be, not only tolerated, but t.armly ap-
plauded by grave Eriglishmen 7l fornang Chronicle

MAJOR ARCIILR siouito IN UPPER INDIA.
—" Tile author of this work has led us among the jungles
of India, vnil upon the mountains of Himalaya. We r ave
-articip ited in the perils of tiver-hunting with Rajahs
and their retinues; we have shared in the enjoyments of
an elephant fight with Sultans and their subjects; we have
joined in their falconry, followed in trieir chivalry, par-
taken of their fasts, gloried in their pomp, and lamented
their degradation. Major ARCHER, has written a narra-
tive of his different tours in the upper provinces of India
while he was accompanying the Commander-in-Chief in
different excursions through part of the Company's terri-
tories, and within the kingdoms of some of the adjoining
powers.".—Morniny ,Port.

HOUSE OF LORDS.—(LAST Ni-
HO USE OF LORD S, AFNIL°. tl
On the LORD CHANCELLOR taking his seat
Woolsack, at five o'clock
the Tctti
teyD
fk evvof t
eRr
floCr
dH,pirOayNi
nDg pforrestehnet eat
oai
iPtieotni t ;01 of;
slavery. '
t; a fr'
The Duke of NORFOLK presented a Pell"
Sheffield, in favour of the Factory Bill.
gLeo Lord
ed
d cUeFitahlta'eltEoLn abolitionpo rnesdeanaytfe tnsleixafit,Oehrr, petitionsnTu fld poisTrreosbteil;,;
anda
gave
immediate
1,
titian on tie subject of tithes, from Uttoxeter, 15
fordshire.
the
eLAord forD Ut Nh
iiti presented soefnted slavery.a
The Ferrarsp petition from ifq
oEtharelcaorfießsOASeEt,RfErolimß Ymapnrcehseenstteerd. a Pietlist,i:dpdisili
from Paisley against church patronage in Scotlso • (;
Mr. NICHOLSON CALVERT, and other 3101101°
House of Commons, brought up three private 13i119.19
Lord SEFTON, in the absence of the Earl of
presented petitions for the abolition of slavery f r (nu 0
Shields, Stockton-upon-Tees, and other place'
itienvLdiear:ianrli..pi
R:tootdoi
produce
ceoeLsntsEof:i
ern saidt faa:va
great
treuherataottof
mtt
ihtlh:enec:Floalyvioceenatsiorersisny..
tßill.hnHe eec
obsie :eeoo
iiiir.(o,l
in a state of insurrec ion, and lie wished sornethi4
asbgleae:Tni:hssa„:
olsolDsaheveurekproeyi
placed
ef
orefiodfOmiOnc/t.allaeEe
comfortable
aEufrnltrlit:_aybi
e the
state.
Lord MORLEY presented 3No7fDppet7ir'tihor3ertin'senirtPernj C`Pl°
and Devon to the same effect.
Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition froOolt)I
Joseph Stockdale, for a revision of the LitanY?
abolition of oaths.
per.

Lord RODEN presented a petition froraThell
against the proposed Church Reform Bill. s fop

. . , ..._ ,
tioners stated that they understood it was there Y'og
to abolish preaching the Gospel in Ole vernacubt,ed.
but as far as he (Lord Roden) knew, he belie'l
was not the fact. If it was, however, be sb°01(1
care to oppose it.

The House then adjourned.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, —A2rito, 251

(Continued from our Paper of yeaterdaY.lbAls'l
Mr. FIELDER said it seemed to be considered' of( °
Whigs and Tories—ins and outs--that the Cirgel
almost in a state of insolvency: tint that be "ic4l
deny ; for they had their commercial assets.---10
Though that was said by both parties, yet hetet.°
that both had admitted the solvency a t"aeoter
pally, for the present Ministry had offered t°
Company their dividend, themselves undertakieW
liabilities. Would they have offered that had theY
what they stated, or wished to have believed ? of I
A PROPRIETOR said with regard to the goodaete, err
security offered by the Government he could 't'jbelieej
tainly not from his own knowledge, but he fully 10
his informant, that the presidency of Bengal was'',
of beggary as far as her territorial revenues cce-j'er,
cerned. There was no doubt but there was Mee",
in India, but it was caused by the enormous
the land tax, which ought to undergo revision.
-
The CHAIRMAN said that the discussion had rit odt:e
a very long time, and it was necessary to come pre
:0
sion. He then stated the question that 10'11014
Court, and said that he, as an individual, 0;1.
support the resolutions of the Gallant General
flleoltis',
Malcolm. He had no wish to stop any one from Ivey'
but be begged that gentlemen would confine the°
2,10.,11
the question before the Court.
Mr. WARDE was anxious is see a set of r-taeP":l
passed that would allow tie Directors to open "boid)„
be tr irjOi
tiation with the Government anew; and
the Government would find it consistent withhoe see
to extend the quarantine fund, and so to keep tr°cdoist
ing what would be a long disputed question of °hod,
.
Mr. ELLIOT said a few words which were n°,:i-.'h 41
account of the cries of " Question, question," ei")
jot
kept up while he spoke. 'r;
Sir C. FORBES said unless the Hon. Court t° he stodo,
every gentleman who wished to address them,
,O'ropriti
undoubtedly move an adjournment. The Hon. jtOil
then went on to say, that if the natives tve:gelso
into the government, they would soon usurp it adTidl
Clot. GOWAN said, in reply to remarks that 04'
made upon him in the debate, that he could Pre ,10e1
arlegat ons as to the maladministration of justieepliatiul
Some remarks had also been made by an Hon'
(Dr. Brice) upon a free press. He was of OP'itt efes
they u..nre with a very bad grace from that ri Phi
GBeutilltloefmcana,lcuwthtao, hadfor
whichbeen cbo
en dhuacdt ebre theofe ecensure
901:
07,
General Assembly of Scotland. „ rcods,,'hioa'
In answer to a question from Mr. noia--; b tir
CHAIRMAN said, that in the event of a war W'tlot r
that part of India nearest China, if
applied to,
cod
for the honour of Great Britain, furnish no° i-Tressi3
on; but, according to all former precedents,
tarn would be called upon for the expense. iropol,lol
Sir C. FORBES said, the great and most rest° 01
question had as yet been blinked, viz., the jaiteoat toil
people of India. N; case had yet been made
satisfaction why the 630,000/. should be put °re°
upon that people, and he for one would never so r,
and he trusted that they would never submit toftr.fig",
After a short discussion on a point of order, A ;
thr
amAenndomtheenrtswtoarsmnyeg2stc!vuesdsion took place to to vitiibeeC4l;
was in er er to entertain any other amendment' Is 31,;00.
having, on the former vote. agreed that the '1°,..,40e5`
John Malcolm's motion should stand part Of roe ?
Acrd
and Mr. R. Jackson's proposition being that a":
after" that " be left out, and his own resolotl Ott ie
e
duced. It was put an end to by the Chairman
motion to the effect, " That the Court vot:I: oeffe''
''e
that amendment, and all others that might
which was carried with acclamation. t, pd'itisf
The amendment of Mr. Jackson was then P?eisiod
a slow of hands, was declared to be lost. Ad'
called for, when there appeared—
For the amendment ........................
For the original motion ................ •• eptyrol
Mr. WEEDING then brought forward Iris s:oltetel
The Company, he said, were called upon t°
sacrifices in their commercial interests, and l',e orere rye
that it was entitled to the same power in the iderepore
which they at present possessed. This he cal!'il latigodi
resolutions of Sir John Malcolm did mention ifais'sl'i V,
strong enough. He then moved, that in plaee,° sh°,,l)Jol)'
in the original resolutions, that the andulti,e d' 01,11
paid off at the end of forty years, at the rt- ecle
for every 5/. 55., the words should be, at the d'
tie
price of such annuity. t the o
The DEPUTY-CHAIRMAN could not suPPar riacfP
merit, as he considered it against the first P. Ala'
atd-
justice.
rt the ,10", r
Sir CHARLES FORBES could not Snpr—i.ttipo"A
ment—the fact was, that it was putting a de r
furl() years, when the Proprietors were to be :00 '4l, lye
capital. The fact was, that these terms wereas g°°‘fl';',l
able for the Proprietors, and if the security vlOOl. 0,00,
value of India Stock would be upwards Of 'Ol3O 0,0 !
might have another Lord Amherst sent Our' 'pee el'j
increase their debt by another 15 millions. 111:e bso
have another Earl of Anasan, for that WO r,
would again plunge them in a desolating teats o'r
heard from an Hon. and Gallant Captain t;he °lean
Roy was quite satisfied with the security, "eiceire'Olitert:,
willing to pin his faith upon that persoo„,,(!..Blll°l,tr,
upon that point or on the Reform Bill:iiviridalaatrri
He was, no doubt, a very extraordinary le—oil) 'Ziter),
would have done better had he, while iohld l;r1)tOtth;
beard and seen more, and said less. He in
_,%/s'll
his hand from a most intelligent gentlerna-create",„jlobro.
stating the state of alarm which bad beeri., for a'"dibee,
minds of the natives by the issuing of the 1*- het
minds „Do vg
Suttees. The letter stated that great dto °retie
a n
d to exhibited,sen danad
dt
ehpaut
tsaotcioient i e
tos
thishad cboeuenn
tfroyra'e rs
zhy iiP.,:bh ti
ad
against the measure. As it was a cornfotfited, theY
p-ople of England were to be much benefit Annuity 10 I
hear part of the burden—let half of then
3.d then, t tar
cured upon the Consolidated Fund, „lee tbtl
name of the people of India, he cv°old he Pd)
should pay the other half. that t
Captain GOWAN could not bell' saying
se, uritY'gt~d
Baronet was wrong in his view of the
aped thee, ea
proof of it, the public had been satisfied had wo o
ad ,
had risen ever since the paper of bilkdulsn Roy,
fished. As to the remarks on 11"°"fornier, theYorire°‘
teen an anti•reformer in place of are the Hoo• ,
of
have had a very different account from
I.TI e.
NvmotionEnt wasth thenen in
opvuetd
a 1)"
the same powers" be left out of the
t,
ndnie
This was
also lust.
d his atne
Colonel SEANHOrE then move .
alnlidactlotoit,e 7-r"irgt fdetri;:i.,/,11
The original resolutions were pdxe I?tri" Fridayo'r,o,,cl'
we
eDr6 publishedG xtcts:nisTa
having demanded a ballot, it waa fi five
• ied at half past
of May. The Court adjourned 'sforamtneerndti'en'tvabhica:retbneirs, I:tr

rr
14 a AC -
PAINTER AND PUBLISHED sIC MURDO yo- -
Sing .07rics, 112, trts, LosSO
