I)IVORCES;.

The Order of the Day being read,
Lard AUCKLAND rose (o,niake his proini,,e(l mo-
tion, for thi. adoption of some measure which might
tend in some degree to• obstru6t the facility ot'ob-
billing Divorces, and. thereby to put SOD)e cheek to
the daily wide-spreading progress of seduetion and
adultery, "His. Lordship adverted to the various Bills
'which, sit ce.the year 1770, had been introduced
into that litidse, with the 'same view ; and observed
upon the obstacles and difficulties which seemed
chiefly to oppose their, passing into a law. He bad
brought in one of these Bills himself ; but the _fate
it had met with-did not much encourage him to re-
peat the experiment, although a sense. of. duty, told
him that something might' yet be' done:. H. should
tot now therefore attempt More than to tanaeavour
le take One of the principal enticements which men,
prone to, and praCtised in the pursuits of,seduction,
Usually laid forth in order to, draw women ih.o ;heir
snorts, and accomplish the end of their ,criminal.
wishes. If a Ciallitt wet introduced into the Stand-
ing Qrder of that House respeaing Peti ions for di-.
yoree, prohibiting the inter-marriage of the offend-
ing panics, he was confident it .Would operate in a
great degree towards diminishing the - facility and
riuMber of divorces, and .by such an,operation would
tend co.siderably to discourAge the crime of seduc-
flop and adultery; It grieved him to observe "that
Petitii..its for divorces were almost entirely confined
10 414ei,appa Classes of society ; nor could they well'
be (ii)iaijied and followed up by /Bills of Diyorce by,
the inferior classes ; far he. believed ;t was well as--
certained that the: passing of Divorce Bills amounted
to no lessu sum than three or foer'iliolisand pounds.
Ha have no object in view in -bringing for..
ward the'preseut proposition, hut the conscious gra.
titication of performing his. duty, ocid at' matting
every endeavour that depr.ii:if..l upon hint to stem
ttlae torrent of vice, which threatened to 'subtlett,
Ote very toundatitins'of. human society. His Lord.,
ship concliided with moving the iosertion -ofa
-
ciilo,.;tl ra the, above' elle&in the Standing Order
bf the 'House respeifling, the introduttion of Bills
for 'Divorce
Thi :- •. • , •
bail- or -tihnisroa fipproveil of tile- objeet of
the 'Baron's' Motion ; but fearecl Much that
tlitfic.ttlties might easily be thrown in the way of
itS,aecomplitiltruent. Theinterineddling. with the'
f.lramling Orders Ail the .House; he did not much
veil flag oar did he thick the proposed clause 'of: the .
Baron would he' of any avail.: for the Com-
initte&o* sa Divorce Bill might
,-reSOISie to break
thrcugh, ,as bad been 'done even in the cenrse of
tho".present Session, when the".bonsai met at an
Unttsnally.early hoUr to pass Divorce Bill, in or-'
der to permit the offending -partiet. to nutty wit*. ,
out • .

MuLGRAVE Opposed the motion in e spOecit
,••,1 ii:itht-riength: • fliff' chret, 'atglienents • ttgainht it
tha. it mould vilcourage, .rJther titan' discoun-
pnictice of tiedtictionl and that-is .*oitid
the seducer witll,l4l) tlzeusio for dt*erting thtil-4o
bat; Ipirapact, ;14t9 iutatily,- and

and thriote her for the remainder of her life topros-
titution and despair ; that many of those who had
unfortunately broken the marriage compact, and
who, ip*cqnsequence of having been divorced, had
married again, were often observed to lead a most
exemplary life in their second' marriage, and most
faitfifully to fulfil all the, duties of that matrimonial
state; while it. was found on the other handy that
those who were not allowed to marry, continued to
4iva in .the most abandoned prostitution ; that' the
husband had no means of redress, and 'that
,the wife
was allowed to continue the uninterrupted commis-
sion of -adultery. The Noble Lord then entered
into a vindication, of the women of this country,
who, he t oniended, were the most honourable and
virtuous' of any women upon earth, and concluded
by giving :his, direct negative to the motion, which
did not go far enough to produce any beneficial ,
effect.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY was sensible
that it was of urgent necessity to adopt some mea-
sure for checking the crime of sedation i and as the
motion of the Noble Baron must have some force in
producing that salutary effe6t, it .Shonlcl have his
most strenuous support. The Right Reverend Pre-
late observed; that such was the wide 'B9d almost
generai prevalence of the crime of aclUltery, that
scarcely a pedigree could be found, the line of which
bad not been broken by these foul interruptions.—
fie reminded their Lordships of the',hpliness and
usefulitesi of the institution of marriage, which,,
though it was /not exalted into the dignity of sacra- '
meat, neither was it depressed Into the formality of
a mere civil institution.' Its existence was coeval
with the world, and it still continued to exist in one
shape or another among. the most barbarous as well
as the most .civilized nations of the world. Indeed
it was the only tie and cement of society; and what
anxious exertion should there not be made to pre-
serve it inviolate.

• Lord ERSKINE eagerly adopted every Sentiinent
of the Right Reverend Prelate. In the course of a
long professional life, he had frequent occasions to
observe'the Multiplied and growing miseries which
arose from violations of the marriage vow. Marriage
was the root ot.every thing that was dear to man ;
it was the source of all his conitorts i • it was the
Chief ineeritive to. make him foal( into futurity; on
marriage, in a word, depended, not only the hap Pi.
ness, but the very existence of society. He must
disapprove of the proposition set up by the Noble
Baron opposite him (Lord Nlulgrave) ; but he was
sure the Noble Baron conld never support it; and
therefore .he felt it of no weight against the motion
of his Noble Friend, to which he was determined to
give his most cordial support. • :
The Logo Crts.riactlort would not oppose the
motionp tho,.igh he was not aware that much good
was likely to arise from it, while so many Acts of
Parliarnent 'continual to'eXiit, which must militate
against it in so many respects.
Lord GRENVILLE warmly supported the motion.
It was no ~rguineutagainst it that it did not. go far
enough, or was not atrong enough. The question
was; whether it would have any tendency to correct
the evil complained of'; and,' if it had, was it not
better to adopt it. than to look .for no remedy at all ?
If it was not-possible to produce all the good we
Wai it not our duly to attempt as Much as
we could 3 Under that impression he should vote for
the motion of ibis Noble ' Friend,• because it was at
least a step towards discouraging and diminishing an
evil which otherwise was likely to spread every day
more widely.
_ _ _

Lard S'ia:NtlOPts said, it was ridiculous, when the
law prohibited a woman divorced for adultery from
'irarrying again, to introduce a clause into a Bill to
forbid their so doing.: Ho. did not come there to
teach the Bliihotis (Wit-14y ; but it was' hie intention
to mach the Lord Cbancellor law, to lay him o; his
back, make him eat his wordt, ned unsay what he
had said.' The Lord Chancellor bad stated .it to be
his design not to confine the operation of the Bill to
future cases; but to extend it to the past, and tints
Make every marriage that has taken place in conse-
quence of a divorce null and void. His Lordship
then spoke of the confusion that must necessarily
follow .the adoptjon of such a measure, as in,making
such inerriases illegal, he made all the 'children born
in consequence of them (and who are now consi-
dered legitimate) bastards. Bethought it useless to
argue the point further, as those who were absent
could nut, and those who were present, and, dif-
fered .frout him, would not be convinced by his ar-
guments.

Lord Ltyzapoot. stated, that 'the law of England
admitted of '4 separation between man and wife, but
not of a dissolution of the marriage bond. He
thought it proper that they :should lay down some
general rules to regulate their proceedings in such
cases, from which they ought in no instance to de-
part.. He, thought the measure proposed likely to'do
good. in some cases (those where some decency and
virtue. retnaitied hi the mind), but not in all. If
they did put it on their books, he could hardly con,
ceive a case where it ought to be dispensed with.
'Lord•DA SWUM. was of opinion divorces had been
soinctimes too easily granted; they had.been granted
in cases where no evidence had been adduced ut their
Bar. wprova.;the adultery. Ile did not, however,
mean to oppose the menet'. • • •

A division took 'plae, when there appeared
cfmtews - -
Non-Contents - •

Wority - —l6
The Ileum, edipernecl At Nine o'elotif.

.ROUSE OF. COMAIONS.
TURSLIA,Y, MAY .t;).

Mr, BIACKBOANE moved the further considers.
Coati—of the Amendments of the Mani hester Small
Debts 11'11.

Mr. S.-STII}IOPR , moved, that they be fOrther
considerml.pn thii day mamba.
Mr. CLIIIWRIVp Col. FRAPIKLAND, Sir 4; PEIc,LE,
Mr, Rom, M.r. Grimy, and Gen. Taitovibri, sporte
agaiait the 'Bill ; after which ...Mr: .Stanhope's,
amendment was agreetl to, without a division. 'llia
Bill is consequently lost.
A. Message from the Lords announced their Lord-
ships' assent to the, LoCal `Militia Pill, and the Lou.
donderly pree School pill,
Mr. W. Peomi4 posrpone4 the notimerhis
tion, which stood for Nopday, to Wednesday.
Lord .MtL -gave` notice; _t hat' on Monday he
yonld move tor i'..taire w bring in.' a Bill to prevent

,tiea.
The Bastardy 13111 was read a third :time, and
passed. -
The, LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND obtained
leave :to bring in ri Bill to provide Relief for the
Wives .and Families of Militia Alen in saetland,
when called into glue! service.
The'Woollen MenufaCturdßill was read a second
time, and after a few observations from Mr. P.
Mocire; ordered to be,-Committed to-morrow.
The Nova Scotia Trade Bill went through a Com-
mittee, the Report of which-was ordered to be re-
ceived to-morrow.
The American 'nide Bill was read a third time,
and passed.
Leave was given .to bring in a Bill to regulate tho
Fees payable by persons charged with Treason, Fe-
lony,'and all other criminal Offences, in Ireland.
COLONEL CHARAIILLY.
WHITBREAD moved, that there be !aid be-
fore 'the House an Aceovnt of the Cotiffnissio,ns
held by Cob Charmilly, from the first period of his
entrance into the British Service until the present`
time; an Account of any Regiments `which he might
have been employed tp raise, and'whieh have been
raised' in Consequence ; and an Accdunt of the Si-
tuations now held by Colonel Charmilly, and the
emoluments arising therefrom. He gave notice that
he should to-morrrow move for further information
on the Subjett.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was not
disposed to ohjeet to any part of the Hon. Gentle-
"man's motion, except that which related to any Re-
giment that Col. Charmilly might have been allow-
ed to raise. He was not aware that the Hon. Gen-
tleman's notice comprised this point. He was de-
sirous,itherefore, that the Hon. Gentleman would
postpone this part of his motion till to-morrow.
Mr:WHITBREAD agreed to withdraw, this member
of his motion.; but intimated that he should feel it
his duty to press. to-morrow for a return of the
terms on which this Regiment bad beep allowed- to
be raked.
The thotieri thus reduced was then agreed to.
• -INSOLVENT DEBTORS.
Sir T. TURTON 'oboined leave to bring in a Bill
for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Eng-
land.
The second reading of the Bill to prevent the
Embezzlement of the Public Money by ColleBtOrs
in Ireland was postponed till Thursday.-
Mr. TIERNEY moved, that an humble,Address be
presented to his Majesty, praying that .he would be
graciously pleased to order to be laid before the
House a Copy of the Letter frOni Sir S. Moore to
J. H. Frere, Esq. dated Salamanca, Nov. la, 1808.
The CHANCELLOR of the' ExoNgsseEtt
CANNING having stated that such apaper was not
in existence, the motion was negatived without a
division.
It was then Ordered, an the 'motion of Mr. FREES,
that there be laid before the House a Copy of the
Note or Remonstrance from J. 11. Frere, Esq. to the
Supreme Centrallunta of Spain.
In reply to a question' from Mr. Abercrombe, re-
speelitig a letter from Sir.J. Moore to Mr. Kett, in-
timating his intention of retreating,
Mr. CANNING replied, that all Sir Moore's lets
ter with the exception of one, the cause for.with-
holaing which be had already stated, were laid on
the table. - •
After some preliminary 'observations from Mr.
FOSTER, who stated that if half the undrained bogs
in Ireland were cultivated, they would produce more
corn than Great Britain now imported in one year,
and more hemp and flax than she consumed in one
oar,
Mr. FOSTER obtained leaie to bring in a Big to
appoint,Commissioners to inquire and examine into
the state of certain bogs' in Ireland, into the practica-
bility of draining and cultivating them, and into 1:s,
best mode Of doing so.
Lord CASTLEREAGH presented the Articles of the
Capitulation-of Martinique,Ordered to be printed.
MILITIA'-COMPLETION BILL.
Lord CASTLEREAGH moved the third reading of
the Militia 'Completion Bill.
TUETUN could not allow the Bill to leave
the House without again stating his objeCtions tout,
which be did rit sionsiderable length. He then took.
occasion to observe on the large military force which
this country had accumulated; the expence of which.
was so oppressive to the people, and the utility of
which 'he was at a loss to discoyer, as this country
was no danger of invasiori, and Ilk he presumed
his Majesty'sAinisters would not be absurd enough
to repeat the injurions projeas'of the last campaign.
Mr. WILBERFORCE was by no means of opinion
with the Honourable. Baronet, that becauie the dan-
ger of invasion was not immediate, the country
should be left in an. unprepared state to resist it if it
should arise. No man could appreCiate, the value of
public economy more truly than himself; but he
could not put it into competitions,vith the chance of
endangering the safety of the country. This was a
free and happy nation, and few things more strongly
excited his indignation than to see those who profit-
ed by that freedom, and enjoyed that happiness,
speaxing as if they were 'groaning under the yoke of
ratsjea slavery. - This he was bound to say, feeling
as he did, the utmost gratitude to Providence for
having- been born in such a country. ,
Sir T. TuttroN explained. He was far from wish-
ing that the country should- be left in an unprepared
state; lie objected only to the extent of our prepara-
tion, which, in his opinion, was tar -greater than
the necessity.
Mr. H., BROWNE• coincided in opinion with bis
Hon. Friend near him (Mr. Wilberforce).
WINTIIIA`IO • thought that the observations of
the Honourable 'Gentleman werecalled for by the.
speech of the Honourable Baronet, although he was
convinced that the -intentions of the Honourable..
Baronet were pettedly good. He then entered into
dii4ntssion .of -the merits of the Bill before the
Hcidie, repeating his former arguments on the sub-
ko. He then entered .at great length into a de-
tailed view of the measure, and co Odemned it in
every point.
Lord CACTLFpI/401-i'defended his system also at
considerable length, and combated the objediens
adduced against it by the last Speaker. .
,
After ao explapation from Sir I'. Tywrosr, and
some-Omen/alit:nu; foam Mr. P.' Mootue against the
Bill, -the Cita:44l4.°e of the I.ionassusti, in ao
ahl reply to what t>~lt frOtn hitni'and agme teirlarlte

57

divided—.
For the third reading
itainst it -
Maicirity - ,
Strangers were tot re-admitted. We understood
that the Bill was passed, and some amendment
brought up by Lord CAZTLEREAGH, by way of rider
to it.
was
understatuLthet the Sale Officae-Sill
was recommitted, and au additional clause proposed
by the CHANCELLOR of the Eictiatatna. The Re-
port was ordered to be received ; but •we could nct
discover on what day.
The other Orders being disposed of, the Hoare
adjourned at half-past ten o'clock.

8

MAILS.
Ar.PI V r. D--2 Waterford. Dv E-1 Gottenbutsh, I Lisbon,

hliatat t Waterford.

vitrce, O,F STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWCLVIL oteLoox.
Convis - - • - - • 4"

THE

S EJ N.

.1101.1 tat QUA" D4clitit pgq,.sllll4
,410.1.14 LT ?

L 0 ND 0 IV,

WEDN ESDAY, MAY 3, ;Mg,

,

.i

Ws hive made some further Extraes from the
German Papers to the 26th, which arrived yester.
day. The only article of an important name which
they contain, is one which appeared in the lifoniteur,
of thelgth ult. It professes to give the People of.
FEPOIC-foine ,infothat ton_ respe a i the War %V
hit
has broken out between,Atistria and France. In"
stead of information, however, 'merely gives:awfl
vagqe details, and some sneers about M. Gswrz,
who is stated to be with the Austrian Army. The
accounts, however, which these Papers give of the
position of the hostile armies, if enrrett, ark itn-

portant.
Our Letter from Plymouth this mornin;
states,
that a Vessel had arrived there from Rotterdam, in
four days, the Captain of which states, that beton)
he left Rotterdam an account was received there of
a battle having taken place between the Austrians
and the French, in which the Litter were. defeated
with the loss of Goon'tnen ; neither the p.lace who,
the battle is supposed to have been fought, nor the
date are mentioned. -

The Fervent Gun-brig and a Fleet of Vialliners
arrived on Monday at PJyn&nth from Rooo°4
where they left :tbe ils•Lt. It was reported tha
Lord GAMEI.ER had it in contemplation to 011)1)
10
the-Gun-vessels under his .eommand in an atiseic

upon a town near Rorindort.

The. Elvin Sloop of W.tr iho; ived at rlyirwe,
F 413 Dipatch;s fr9m Gibpitor and Minurc:%;
cornier place shesleft on the g!ith Maich, and
that day Lord CoLtaticiwoor) sailed crux.
with 13 Sail of the Lim, for TooloU. •

As the party who have long. shewn a disgust
the prqept order of things are renewing their
tempts to introduce innovations, under the prefetio
v4arring to ale true principles of the Cqnstilo'
tion, it is our duty to say a few words upon th''
scope and tendency of their designs. Sir FRANCI;
BURPETT, who is. now the avowed Cpainpion
the cause, and the Leader of the Party, Of
course, to be regarded as the 'chief objeEt of alien'
CM, for hjs opinions doubtless constitute the political

creed of the whole set.
The Baronet, in an allusion to Lord Gar( tuld
others, who, though advocates for Reform, d° ne't
recommend such violent measures as Sir 1400`3°
and his friends appear anxious to adopt, A
affettslo
ridicule the idea of temperate lean/ration, and "e 1:
dares he does not know what it mewls. Bence
must be inferred that he wishes for intemperate Prp;
ceecangs, and to what they lead the dreadru
history of Revolutionary France, and its present
military despothim, too lamentably evince. }fat I°
she* also the kind of measures which Sir FgANci
is anxious to introduce, he speaks with contemPr f
resent
the Chancellor of .the Exchequer's Bill, to P
traffic:king for placers, though that surelY rivY d
considered as an ttnportint step in the pregressir
such a Reform as wise men would san6tion-N(11
rya
form must not be introduced by gradual means, hilt
ot
must pull the old fabric down at once, or we
please some men,' who are, indeed, to be 1)16'54'141:f
ojherwise. The Baronet thought proper„ do NIQD
last, at the Crown and Anchor, to rerrael
had said against agricultural pursuits. in. v.,
minster Hall, and if he will not permit us to hg,,e
an army to defend thd country, it would be atiaVe
indeed if he will not suffer it to be cultivate°, ig
shall say no more on the subjeca at present, not tt„
necessary we should, as the attempts of the°,;
formers, indeed, are as inconsistent as they aro"'
chievous.

the
. -
Order for putting ships Irons
..................... tte.
AY an Order in Council, in last night's OW r
quarantine is revoked, except wi►h respeel to b'lel,',
caffie from the ix)rts of Stockholm aild Co r tacr'n'";r.
Yesterday the Dako of Mien/ago had a c'o9
ence with 'Lord IVlti' LGRAVS . Jur upwal6 CA
hours,'. his residence
at
Sweden told ; i

.4 ♦
.4--1 .1.4 LN , VV

Arrived the 4.1172(1Z012 Frigate, Capt. ii,ptiutt, from
Vigo; slie brclught from theuce, part of thc, frencb
troops, lately taken there.
..

Came down from Barnpool,. and anobot.ed'in the,
Pound, the (;leaner, of to guns:
Arrived the Decade Frigato, from the Westward ;
and the Gtommen Sloop of •Nrir,'rroal the Eastward.
Sailed the loin Ball Cutter, oil a cruize.

Arrived the Sisters `lran 4port,frorn off RochefOrt,
lade!) With brandy. taken out of 'French prizes de-
Vroyed at sea, by the G/ucksfittli Sloop.of War.

4rrived the .E/vin Sltrop of War, With di4latchea
from Minorca and Gibraltar; left the fofmer:Vlace
tn the ptsth of March, and on that day Lord COL-
TiNowoop sailed from thence, for Tunica, with t
§ail of the Line.

Poitt6lilt:km.lr, MAY 2,—Arrivetl 'the •Critheibte,
tee, Provide I'LlAtlcts, and 'Friends.. Klimr,
'front London ; Agsey, l'bieLvtu,' Betsey,
iiricietland ; curd Areiry, Dmvs, froin 'Liver=
pool ; ALLEN, twin Dundurk ; big Majes-
ty's Ships Niabe frota Lisbon I Moo tit?
from Lisbon ; and the Dertarolis from a irnize.
Sailed the -Rope, GsitmAN, .for London ; Join
alld Slizabeth, for. Newcastle ; also Ins MA-
jesty's Ship .4actuci,ars (r the eastward, au.i the
lrl,i for the Wem ard.

V.4l,4Otertl, 4rart, 3.i--Yesterday arrived the
• talliot Wackstzmbeit, with brandy and wine,' from
Bonideaux; detained by ile JAn Cuttor ; she
1141,pOsed. to have l'a!;e licences on board.--Also
'arrived the Ship Petican; •NARtS, frpip London,
for Stnyrna ; and the Resotirtion hired Cutter; from
(fr Rochefort) she brim n account•that since Lord
CocifttAtcs left, one 1,44-of-battle Ship and aFri-
t ate have been devroved,artd the "Oceca,:of'
,guns driven on shore quite.o,wrci.:.k% The American •
BTig George, ca pr. Bu'ae,. from Bottrdeaux in ten
days, with wino and brandy for - New
touched here for orders. The commencement of
hostilities on the va?t of Austria was known ere he
kited.

A Brig of 'W'ar, with a Danish Sloop in mw-, is
how making for the harbour—they cannot arrive in
tin* for post.

The American Ship /balk, with Dispatches for
New York., sails to-morrow.

41
DEAL, MAy 3.--Arrived his ..ittljesty's Ships
Temerake and St. George from Plymouth; and
loyalist and 'firompezbe from 3 cruicc the former
%as brought in a fine French 'Alger, which she
captured off Dieppe last evening.
Arrived and ,aile.l for the Riser the Is/c of Thiel,
AITIgNS. from J.autaiza, and Britannia, szw
from Triuidsicl.

FITYLL. MAY 2,—A hireignlliot, about too
tons register, 1.1,1 en with spars a'rttl deals, was picked
up at, sea off the Dogger-bank, a few days ago, by a
Oshing-,sniacki which took% her in tow;
she artenvards broke adrift., and cline ashore on
Salurclay se'nuight, about -half a mile to the N. of
Xj4l3ea., on the ro;ist. She had
eaDsinor runnin4 rigging, not evert; there any paPurs
nn board, Titre4) sailors, apparently English, were
ic)urld dead in the cabin, in 'the round ha se upon
deck.

Yesterday the .dja.r Man (it War was launched
tilackwall Dock ; she went off in gland style.
4&' great concourse of ilisl.ionables and other spethi-
tor . - $ 14ere op the Puck and on the water.
Yesterday, about twelve o'clock, their M.
Priricesses AUGUSTA, MANY, anti SGPUIA, arrived at.
Ille Queers Palace, trom Windsor, Princesses Et-t-
-;44F•lit and litiatt4 did not accompany them, on
,
"„c9unt of, indisposilion; the former being afflicted
'Witte A rheumatism arid a cold, and the •latter was
ti 0 t :allele/ply recovered from her late illness.
In the course of,the morning, the Dukes of YORK,
t'UNCiItLANR, CLAUZNCS, jUDSSI, and
2410fait, paid their respetts to their "/.14JZ5:125 and
PitrNtwa.

'Pvirstourn, MAY I.—Arrived the Fervent and.
Growler Gun-brigs, with a Fleet of light Vimuallers,
from otT Rochefort ; sailed thence en the 25th inst.
A repoit prevailed when they left the Fleet, that it
was Admiral GAMBIER'S intention to employ the
Gun-vessels under Ms-corpmarid, to an„attack on a
town. near Rochefort. , . 7 ••! • -
By a Vessel which arrived here this Morning from
Rotterdam, in four clays, intelligence is received of
an action having been fonght between the French
and Austrians, in which the latter were successful,
having routed the French, and taken,6ooo prisoners.
Went up into Barnpoui the Seine Frigate.
.Sailed the Raver lli.-:evue Cutter, Capt. YHA z
to the Elstwatd; Genf gina East India Packet,
Capt. LLIGII, tbr the River; .add t Lyit-w2 Slop
of War, with a convoy to the ..Eastward,;eonsisting
of about 30 Sail.
Arrived the .That.hers, WALItHrt, from' Guernsey,
laden with cork, bound to this. Port.
Sailed the Tcmciaire, of 93 gusts,
,I liar. dtltiral
Dixox, for the Blitie, -
