ENING EDITION.

peaty are not quite as strong as in 1840. It is true
that the dynasty of Orleans was then scarcely seated on
the throne ; that the first reverse would have placed
the capital at the mercy of contending factions ; that
the western departments were in a state of civil war ;

the meaning of the whole affair, out of which so much
ill blood has arisen.

SECOND EDITION.

and that the military resources of the country were
immeasurably below what they are at the present mo-
ment. But if there was more danger then, there is, on

THE FUNDS-(CLOSING PRICFS)

the other hand, more to lose now. The more pros-
perous a country has become under a long peace and a
free government, the stronger are the pledges which it
has given for the maintenance of that peace. The dif-
fusion of property, and the love of material enjoyment are
two of the characteristics of democratic communities,

BRITISH FUNDS.
Bank Stock
••• ••
3 per Cent. Red — , Ditto Bonds
3 per Cent Cons ...... .. 884. Ditto Old Annuities
31 per Cent Red........ Ditto New Annuities —
New 31 per Cent
New 5 per Cent ...
Long Annuities to expire i Ditto Small 8 pm
Jan. 1860
Oct. 1859 ...
' Jan. 1860... Consols for Acct......... 87a
FOREIGN FUNDS.
Austrian, 5 per cent... Portuguese, 5 per cent.
Belgian, 5 per cent Ditto, New Ditto 321
Brazilian Bon' fs... .. .. Prussian, 5 per cent....

and these are, as has been very ably and ingeniously de-
monstrated by M. de Tocqueville in the last volume of
his treatise on democracy, two main causes of a reluc-

three to engage in hostilities.
(From the Morning Chronicle.)
A Tory Contemporary agrees with us in our recent
remarks upon the working classes, that those classes
are, to a considerable extent, alienated from the civil
Government, but denies that they are also alienated
tram the Established Church. The evidence in both
cases is precisely the same. That which we had chiefly
in view was the proof afforded by the recent publica-
tion, entitled " Chartism," and the circumstances and
connexion in which that work appeared. But the first
fact is thought to tell against. the Whigs, and so it is
unhesitatingly re-affirmed ; the second is thought to tell

BuenosAyres, 6 per cent Russian, 5 Tier cent....
Chilian, 6 per cent Ditto, Metallic
Colombian, 6 per cent... Spanish, 5 per cent 92i
Ditto, 1824 — Ditto, Deferred .. 11
Danish, 3 per cent. ... , French, 5 per cent... —f. —e.
Greek, 1825,5 percent. Exchange ..
Mexican, 5 per cent.... French, 3 per cent —f. —c.
Ditto, 6 per cent, 1825. Dutch, 2,12 per cent 3O
Peruvian, 1825,6 per ct. Ditto, 5 per cent..... 99}
SHARES.

Bristol and Exeter
Eastern Counties Railway
Great Western Railway
Ditto New Shares 4si .

against the Tories, and so it is, with similar prompti-
tude denied. And thus it is that topics of essential
moment to the well-being of millions are discussed. In
the simplicity of partizanship, some degree of astonish.
ment is indicated that we should not admit, but volunta-
rily state, the fact of which our Contemporary avails him-

Gosport Junction Railway
London and Brighton Railway 29j
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Birmingham Railway ... —
Ditto Quarter Shares
_ _.

self. We leave him to make the most of it.

Until 115,

sertion and denial hare more relation to known truth than

London and South Western Railway .. 52
London and Croydon Railway (Trunk) l 1
Manchester and Birmingham Rai:way .. 22

to party objects and credit, the press must lie under
the forfeiture of its highest functions for good to the
community. What hold has the Established Church
upon the working classes as a body ? What power has
it until a new spirit shall be infused into its efforts, until
wholesome reforms shall have reduced its unsightly ano-
malies, until greater sympathy with the masses shall
have won for it a heartfelt confidence, what power has
it to improve the general condition of the working-
classes, and reunite them with the middle and upper
ranks as one harmonious, peaceful, and progressive so-
ciety ? Norse at all ; or none which is in the least ade-
quate to the occasion and the work. New churches,
it is said, would be filled if they were built. We ask
by whom, and to what extent ? Voluntary additions to
these edifices are a confessed failure. " There are," we
are told, " some proprietary chapels, or in other words,
churches on the voluntary system, which the people do
not frequent." But, then, it is added, that wherever
the new church is in connection with the old pa-
rish church it is immediately filled. Without scruti-
nizing the matter of fact, we will simply inquire whe-
ther any one has the hardihood to affirm that they arc
chiefly filled by the working classes ? The contrary is
notorious. They are principally occupied by those who
can afford to pay. Where a parish contains 20,000
inhabitants, and its church wi l only seat three or four
hundred, it is not strange that a few hundreds more
sliould be found ready to occupy a second church.
For that church the entire parish is taxed and rated.
The spectacle is renewed of the poor suffering a forced
contribution for the accommodation of the compara-
tively wealthy. The working classes feel that point
much more strongly than they do any benefit from the
superadded ministrations. This state of things is very
lamentable, and very different from what it might be,
were such an institution as the Church wisely and ener-
getically directed to the improvement of the labouring
population. But it is the fact, whatever be the bearing
of that fact on Whiggistu or Toryism.
(From the Morniag Herald.)

SPIRIT of the PUBLIU JOURN ALS

FROM THE EVENING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
(From the Globe.)
The Times has been wont to reproach the Radicals
with their poverty. " Unwashed artisans," is a phrase
of contempt which has become nearly proverbial by fre-
quent use in its columns to those Reformers who are
engaged in daily labour. " Hungry Radicals" is another
of the appellatives by which the labouring classes who
do not belong to the " Conservative Operative Asso-
ciations are reproached. " unwashed," " hungry
Radicals" of Manchester arc—in perfect consistency
isith the coarse, unfeeling, insulting reproaches cast by
the Tories on their poverty—now courted to aid the
party which has poured upon them every contumely,
and inflicted upon them every personal and relative in-
jury, but the hope of " a good dinner !" An appeal is
made to their stomachs, rather than to their heads ;
and a " mess of pottage" is by its delicious fumes ex-
pected to produce a perfect oblivion of both associations
and antipathies.
" On the 16th of the present month the Conservative
Association of that important district assembled to cele.
brate their anniversary ; and they did so to the number of
more than 500 of the most influential men in the division,
noblemen and gentlemen, clergy and yeomanry, tradesmen,
and other substantial and respectable persons, and in a
manner which we are aware is very obnoxious to the Libe-
rals, but of which we suspect the fashion will not readily
be abolished—that is to say, by a good dinner. It is a
practice, indeed, which we should be delighted to see ex-
tending itself to the Liberals themselves ; not only because
we like to see our neighbours happy, whatever their poli-
tics, but also because we have a shrewd notion that if they
dined more they would be less liberal. On this occasion
the Conservatives—albeit their lot is not at present cast
among the loaves and fishes—gave a hearty example to the
surly Radicals of the sort of stomach with which good poll.
`icians should encounter the Whigs."
The sordid argument addressed to the physical, is

We publish, in another column, a letter from Mr. I sought to be enforced by a string of misrepresentations
Charles Attwood, of Newcastle, on the foreign policy and sonnistries addressed to the moral part of Radical
and prospects of En ;land, at the present moment. In humanity. It is generally known that foolish and alto-
enuJi, that is advance;] by Mr. Attwood, we are disposed gether unfounded jealousies are apt to prevail on the part
unhesitatingly to concur. We believe with him that of the Radicals, respecting the proceedings of the Corn-
Lord ralmerston has, through vanity and ignorance, mittees which are formed by the Liberals to watch over
and sheer incapacity, most foully betrayed his duty. and arrange the numerous matters relating to their poli-
We believe that the present alliance of England with tical pssition. The Tories are, as is also known, con-
Russia is full of peril to the dignity and best interests tinually employed in producing and fomenting these
eel. this country. But having admitted these things, we jealousies. Every effort is used to represent such
must be permitted to pause before subscribing to the Committees as interested—selfish—dictatorial ; and
wisdom of Mr. Charles Attwood's plan for restoring to exaggerate any momentary dissension in, or any
prosperity to England'. The operatives in this country occasional defection from the Liberal ranks, through
have been, beyond question, most deeply injured by the any of the various means employed to produce
recent legislation of this country. The principles which such results. In the present case, the tempter has
called into eperatron the Currency Act of 1819, the free not had the adroitness to conceal the cloven foot, but
trade schemes which Mr. Huskissoa laboured to advance, puts forth a lie foul as his own base nature. Mr. Cobden,
and, More lecently, the new Poor-law Act, are prin- a respectable and consistent Liberal, was asked by the
eVes utterly subversive of the inalienable social rights Liberal Association of Manchester, whether, in the
of the labouring classes of England ; but we doubt event of a vacancy in the Parliamentary representation
wileil:er—tenless in a certain qualified sense—these of that borough, he would allow himself to be put in
evils, or the evils of an unsound system of foreign po- nomination as the Liberal candidate? To this Mr.
hey; are to be rectified by eaything like a political al- Cobden replied, with perfect consistency and character-
li.l%ce between the operatives and the middle classes. istic independence—that unless his political opinions
Ti,at the working classes may be prepared to do what were approved of by the majority of the electors, he
they hslieve to be their duty, we are little disposed to would not appeal to the constituency. As a perfectly
doubt ; but sure we are, that an alliance with the middle independent man, Mr. Cobden retuses to go to Perlis-
elasseF for any purpose whatever, is not a favourite pro- ment, .• for the mere purpose of keeping the Whigs in
ject with any large poseion of operatives. The aristo- and the Tories out of office." On this slender basis the
erery and the middle classes of this country are, most Times raises a superstructure of false assumptions and
ie.tiv, chargeable with heavy off: aces against the rights unwarrantable hopes ; and asserts that a breach has
of industry ; but the labouring classes in turn have taken piece between the Liberals and the Radicals with
tle it mischievous prejudices. Rey are quite as sus- respect to a candidate, and that this disunion will let
ceptlble of flattery as the classes more favoured by in Sir George Murray. So much for Conservative co-
forirue :-tliey ore quite as willing as the up- quetry with the Manchester Radicals!
per, ar the middle classes, to clutch at a mo- (From the Standard.)
nopoly of political power. If an alliance be- she conduct of the Paris Press for the last two or
taken a portion of the operatives and a por- three months has been such as to merit little delicacy
tiers of the middle classes—an alliance like that or forbearance from any, least of all from us, who find
adverted to by Mr. Charles Attwood—were formed, the respectability of our profession, and its character
we should fear that the middle classes would deceive for intelligence and honesty, seriously compromised by
the operatives, or that the operatives would, in turn, the practices of our French brethren. This is a quar-
deceive their middle-class coadjutors. Mr. Charles rel superadded to our sense of the national insult and
Attwood adverts to his own personal influence with the injustice, and it is no trifling one. Do what we will,
operatives :--we are trilling to assume the existence to men will think that the Press is the same everywhere :
a certain extent of influence of that sort. Still let us and that it is due to some latent circumstances that the
remind Mr. Charles Attwood that 1840 is not 1831— Journals of London are not as manifestly vile and stupid
that the objects of the operatives are no longer the ob- at present as the Press of Paris. When we say the Press
juts which they cherished nine years ago—and that his of Paris, we do not desire to be understood as making
own near relation, Mr. Thomas Attwood, at one time a any exception. It is, then, on every account our duty
most popular person, was scouted and laughed at, two and our interest, to expose to the French people the
snort years ago, by the leaders of the Chartists, with blindness, the malignity, and the sordid dishonesty
whom it was hie pleasure to associate himself. These of those who would kindle a war between the two
are reasons which induce us to doubt the possibility of countries ; and the more sincerely desirous we are
the protect propounded by Mr. Charles Attwood. Co- of cultivating the friendship and goodwill of our
operation between all classes for the improvement of neighbours of France, the more will this be a labour of
the spirit of our legislation is, of course, most desirable ; love. The observations that have been respectfully
but a solemn league and covenant between a body of offered from this side of the channel upon the projected
operatives and a section of the middle classes, for the fortification of Paris, and upon the necessary tendency
purpose of resisting the aggressive policy of Russia, of the social elements in France, if put in motion by a
would, we fear, give rise to very unsatisfactory results. war, to produce, first anarchy, and then settle into des-
(From the ilro? ning Post.) potism—these respectful and just observations have
We perceive in variety; quarters a disposition to run necessarily arrested the attention of most of the Jour-
down (unjustly) the character of Lord Hill, the Com- nals of the French capital. The Paris editors, of
mender-in-Chief, and of the Earl of Cardigan, Lieut.- course, denounce the suggestions from England as in-
Colonel of Prince Albert's regiment, in reference to some setreng. This was to be expected ; men eager to foment
unpleasant affairs which have lately occurred in that a quarrel would be very stow to admit that the parties
regiment. We have no especial vocation to defend upon whom they wish to fasten the blame of it
Lord Hill, since, however often he may be attacked as a have taken, though with some sacrifice of the argu-
Tory by the Whig newspapers, he is generally found vot- meat, that course which i seems least likely to wound
ing with the Whig Ministers in the House of Lords. Nor the self-love of ;the friends with: whom they
can we forget that, not long ago, when an absurd outcry remonstrate ; for questionless it is taking this
was got up by the Court parasites against Col. Thomas, line, to remind the French people rather of the
the said Lord Hill appeared to act the part rather of a dangers they may incur from themselves, as the expe-
cciurtier than of a man of common sense. We have no par- rience of no very remote period demonstrates, than of
titular reason either to defend the Earl of Cardigan, since the humiliation that their rashness may challenge from
the gentlemen with whom he line lately quarrelled are, we the enemies whom they are urged to provoke. To this
believe, as much Tories as he is himself. Moreover, last class of dangers, however, our attention is forced
we cannot but admit that any one who is so unlucky by the reply of the Paris firebrands to our remarks upon
as to get into disagreeable disputes with his brother- the other. These firebrands tell us that we threaten
officers very often, must in all probability have some France with anarchy and slavery from within, because
fault which renders him not the best possible person in we have nothing else with which to menace her. This
the world to command a regiment. What we have to calls for an explanation, it we would not have a fatal
say upon the matter, then, arises from no particular error imposed upon the French people—let us give this
partiality for either of the Noble Lords who have been explanation respectfully and in goodwill. We admit.
attacked, but from a desire for fair play, and a detesta- the gallantry of the French nation, its admirable apti-
tion of spitefulness whenever and wherever it may ap- tude to military service, which renders French troops
pear. It is especially hateful to see some persons taking perhaps the best campaign troops in the world, and se-
credit to themselves for forbearance because they do not cond only to British troops in the field of battle. We
enterinto any discussion of the dispute which a Court- admit, too, the zealous patriotism of the French people,
martial is to decide upon, and then all at once undertak- which will cause them to make the last sacrifices in
ing an obviously partial and prejudiced commentary upon support of the national honour. These admissions are,
an exparte statement of matters wherein a Court-mar-
however, by no means inconsistent with the conviction
tial has been refused. We refer to the " black-bottle'
affair, which it is really not possible to believe has been that France is in no state to undertake the war to
quite fairly represented to the public. As it stands in which her incendiary press woeld summon her.
the Newspapers, one is called upon to t creel'l (From the Courier.)
anion that Lord Cardigan's anger was excitetdhebsuPPn. In the Courier of Thursday we alluded, " more in
Captain Reynolds had his moselle upon the tablee incause sorrow than in anger," to the unjust impression that was
black bottle ! Without pretending to be very profounda sought to be produced on the public mind ngarding the
in such matters, we may venture to state our belief that peculiar peril of railway travelling. We knew how
it is not usual for moselle to be brought to table in any p
rone a large s,ection of the community are to magnify
danger, especially while labouring under the excite-
other than a black bottle. No one Ceti imagine that meet which the recent lamentable accidents on the
Lord Cardigan does not know this as well as any other
the habit of dining ; and,
advantage Eastern Couhnatdiesbßailway had created, and we saw that
gentleman who is in there- y
alarming
gen taken of that excitement for the
fore, it is incredible and absurd to hold out that it wa-s
the minds of the timid, and of fill-
the colour of the bottle containing the wine which pro_ purpose
them with feelings of uneasiness and insecurity on
yoked Lord Cardigan to notice it. In the absence of inging them with feelings of uneasiness anti insecurity on
any ataterliCflt from Lord Cardigan let us consider what th
1 racterised as manifestly. unfair, and Tfohris
1 gable and cog
subject of railway locomoti
thisu.e thenvery cphaal
_-
any statement from Lord Cardigan let us consider what
tbiyie
railways amount
is the probable state of the case. lt is the rule in most
eettrabreason,d thintit,
the
patianalhaeraf comparisontray. e
ii eof
well-managed regimental messes(and we have heard . I
of accidents o°anind the
Bfuostrt:i'lgeer
that it is so in Lord Cardigan's regiment) that the
wine shall only be ordered on the table by the pre-coach,,s, the proportion
sident or vice-president of the mess. This, we
loos efforts were
on the latter. was s' rikinely less than
the most unscrupu-
nrade whilet
apprehend, is a needful rule, in order to check
exaggerate the num-
the ostentatious extravagance of individual offi- her and frightful nature of oth
1 out a fair challenge to the oppone'r.ts of class,rraii
w a they;
or otherto
cers, as well to preserve the general sobriety and was passed over in prudent silencee, °1.N.170e we_ here throw
decorum of the company. Now, let us take into ac-
of conveyance. Let them select parny'sepne.tr7o safer
i o.
count what Lot d Cardigan's message was. The an- 1 those who fancy that Siege coaches rfmtiomd.
time
nclance to a man's feelings, be it observed, upon the I
occasion of such messages, often depends upon the . they may, and keep an accurate record et all the ralf-
• I
merest trifle—the particular moment at which it arrives, i way accidents occur ing within thatd prescribed period—
or
pledge ourselves to prove,
perhaps the particular accent laid upon any one of , we will undertake a similar
the words it contains The 2 the i -ch accidents—and we due with regard to
great so-
part about the ~ ' mess" (omitting • coa
'
black
bottle, which which must be, in some : by a comperteon of the results arrived at, the
way or another, a misunderstanding) ndiog) was that' the mess I periority of tha fo.rmfer. over the latter, even in point of
must be conducted as at
,wa gentleman's table, and not f security. By this air and impartial test we arc pre- I
like a tavern dinner.
hte,aotoeus way,
6 t was this but saying in pared to abide, and care not what d: finite period of
another and not a very ~
perhaps, that the time past, 'Dossing or future, be fixed upon for making
m ule of the mess must
be rved--.that, as at a gentle- :
n an's table, the wine must ordered
individual
these who pre- the experiment, bong fuliy satisfied that it would ternii-
railroads, and against •
side at the table, and not by each mite in a verdict in favour of h
~ . stage
"at 'a tavern (lima?
it, as We
really ividual 'who wants cogelics,
CilkaltiVe illi3 to be ' . •
on the only point in waif; it is possible to ie.
stitute a comparison e %
b t Ten them. •
I
