TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,—In a recent number of The Sun you have Yen-
turd to express an opinion which, though entertained
more generally than some people would be willing to ac-
knowledge, yet comparatively few of those attached to the
Protestant cause have the honesty to avow it. That senti-
ment is, " that the Protestant Church, which has been so
long quartered on Catholic Ireland, must be speedily brought
to an end." Now, Sir, will you allow me to ask' why
that same Church should continue to be quartered on the
Protestant Dissenters of England ?
To the principle, surely, the objection applies with
equal force in both kingdoms. It is true that the Dis-
senters form but half the English population, but are they
nut as loyal, and as much opposed to that worst of all
slaveries—the slavery of the conscience—are they not,
moreover, as enlightened and as pious as the Catholics of
Ireland ? Sir, can you imagine any reason, except that
they are less turbulent ? It is not even pretended that
Catholic domination, or any other domination could he
funded on the ruins of the English Church. The idea
would in our day be laughed at by all parties. You will
probably find ere long that the " Establishment" is not the
strength but the weakness of England as well as of Ire..
land. Is it quite certain that the same observation does
not apply to all religious establishments when incorporated,
under whatever form or modification, in the Civil Govern-
ment of any country 2—l am, Sir,
A LOVER OF JUSTICE, THOUGH AN
EPISCOPALIAN.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.

FROM LLOYD'S.

PORTSMOUTH, JAN. s.—Wind E.N.E.—Arrived his
Majesty's ship Childers, from Leith.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 4.-Wind S.S.E to E.S.C. fresh
breezes..—Arrived the Pigeon packet from Buenos Ayres,
sailed 12th October, Monte Video the 13th, and Rio
Janeiro the 16th November; George the Fourth, Baldwin,
from Chesme ; Pomona, Spriggs, from Denia ; and Echo,
P. from Malaga.
STANGATE CREEK, JAN. s.—Arrived the Maria
Louisa, Barford, from Xabia ; and Aurora, Byron, from
A I weird.

LIVERPOOL, DEC. 4.—Arrived the Abeona, Stephens,
from Laguayra; Wall'a End, Cooper, from Mirarniehi ; and
Red Rover, Watkins, from Smyrna.
TORBAY, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Mars, Way, from
Lisbon.

DARTMOUTH, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Union, Williams,
from Lisbon.

CLYDE, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Romulus, Auld, from St.
John's, New Brunswick.

BELFAST, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Grand Turk, Paine,
from Savannah ; Helen, Henderson ; and Emma, Golden,
from St. John's, New Brunswick; Trials, Driscoll, from
Miramichi; Sally, Briton, from Halifax; and Triton,
Taylor, from London.

BRIXIIAM, JAN. 4.—The Pliatles, Green, of this port,
sailed from Limerick the 18th November, and has not
since been heard of.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

GENERAL AVERAGE PRICE OF BRITISH CORN,
For the Week ended Dec. 21, 1830, made op from the Returns
of the Inspectors in the different Cities and Towns in England
and Wales, per Imperial Quarter.
Wheat-- (iBs. ld. Oats -- 245. 7d. Beans--- 375. 10d.
Barley--. 38s. Id.l Rye 395. S4ll Pea,e--. 425. 9d.
IMPERIAL. AGGREGATE AVERAGES OF TILE SIX WEEKS PRECEDING.
Wheat-- Gds. Rd. f Oats --- 235. &LI Beans—..... 38s. 2.1
Barley--- 375. iOd.l Rye 38s. 11(1.1 Pease 45a. 2d.

DUTIES ON FOREIGN CORN.
Wheat........... 203. &II Oats 12s. 3d.1 Beans---125.61.
Barley-, 6s. 4d.1 Rye ...--- I`2s. 6d.1 Pease - 2s. Od.

OLD BAILEY SESSIONS.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

These Sessions commenced this morning, before the
Right Hon. the LORD MAYOR, Recorder, Sheriffs, and
several Aldermen.

The Judges ill attendance are the Lord Chief Baron
ALExANDER, and Mr. Justice GAZELEE.

The calendar is unusually light, there being only 163
prisoners for trial at the present Sessions, of which num •
her 27 are on the London side, and 136 on the Middlesex
Rickard Robertshaw, aged 16, was indicted for steal-
ing, on the 22d of December, forty-eight pairs of gloves,
value 6/. the property of Edwin Prickett.
The prosecutor stated that about five o'clock on the 22d
of December, one of the panes, in his shop-window was
broken, and a parcel, containing four dozen pairs of gloves,
was drawn through the aperture. He immediately ran
out, and saw the prisoner in custody of a gentleman who
had been watching his movements.

Edward Shackell was near the prosecutor's shop on the
night in question, when he saw two boys whose actions
excited his suspicion. lie watched them, and in a few
minutes he saw the prisoner take a pebble out of his
pocket, break the window, and abstract a parcel. He
immediately secured him, and gave him into the custody of
Hawkins, one of the marshalmen.
Thomas Hawkins searched the prisoner, and found in
his pocket a pebble, and two pounds sixteen shillings
in money,
The prisoner strongly protested that he was innocent of
the charge against him. The Jury, however, were of a
different opinion, and after the Learned Chief Baron had
summed up the evidence, returned a verdict of Guilty.
William Chesson, aged 31, was indicted for breaking
and entering the dwelling-house of Elizabeth Waldron, and
stealing therefrom eleven pairs of sheets, and either articles,
her property, and also eleven pounds, the monies of Sarah
Stracey.
This trial had occupied the Court several hours, and
was not concluded when our reporter left. It does not
possess the least degree of interest.
The were only two barristers in attendance during the
entire morning !
