SPAIN.

MADRID, SEPT. W.—The Papers of the 18th
contain the address of the King to the Spa-
niards. This manifesto has produced the best
effect on the minds of the Liberals ; while their
adversaries look upon this piece in the same light
as on those which the Prince Royal of Naples
published under the Constitutional yoke ; but
the fact is, that the Ministers had no great trou-
ble to obtain the signature of the King, for he
readily acquiesced in their desire.
The Neapolitan General, William Pepe, arrived at Madrid
on the Itith, in the evening, and was well received by the Pa-
triots. There are many conjectures respecting his return, which
is said to be occasioned by the change in our Ministry. It is
said that it is in agitation to form three Neapolitan legions,
which will be sent by sea to Calabria ; but sensible people ask,
where are the soldiers ? unless they should be formed of Spa-
niards, and then a decree of the Cortes would be required.
The Neapolitan and Piedmontese companies in Catalonia are
composed of only 150 men, of whom one kind are Spaniards.
Others pretend That General Pepe will have a command in Ca-
talonia ; but this, too, would be against the Constitution, which
declares that no foreigner can have a chief command in the Na-
tional Army. At all events, his return is supposed to have
some political object.
The proceedings of the Provisional Government at Urgel,
the Congress of Verona, and the preparations making in the
French fortresses on the Pyr.ennees, excite great attention ; the
fears of a foreign invasion increase so much, that in political
meetings we already hear people speak of plans of defence, of
alliances with Portugal, and even with England, to which all
kinds of concessions would he made. It seems, in fact, more
than probable that the treaty with Portugal will soon be con-
cluded ; and on the other hand, very. great hopes are built on
the aid of Great Britain in case of foreign invasion.
The Spectator of the 19th contains some very sensible reflec-
tions on the alarming reports which at present circulate in the
capital : it is to be observed that this paper is at present the
organ of the Ministry :
" The reports of a foreign invasion which some friends to
despotism spread in the capital, have alarmed some Liberals,
who fear that the fate of Spain will be decided at the Congress
at Verona. The former are very foolish, and the latter are un-
easy with little reason.
" The Congress at Verona will not be like that of Laybach ;
for though the other clouds which obscure the political horizon
permitted it to be held, there will be no perjured King to go to
the forge of Vulcan to ask chains and fetters for his honest sub-
ects, without their having committed any crimes, but that of
having asked, with all the respect due to the majesty of the
throne, the enjoyment of their imprescriptible rights. The
Congress of Verona will not treat the Spaniards with the con-
tempt which was shown tor.ards the Neapolitans by that at
Laybach ; the case is very different, Naples was at the com-
mencement of its political regeneration, and had but few re,.
sources to continue it, if obstacles were thrown in the way.—
Revolutions cannot be sustained but by firmness, heroism, and
above all by sacrifices. There were few individuals in that na-
tion who had reason to fear for their lives if a re-action took
place. The vices contracted in our education, founded on the
unpromising principles of feudality and slavery, the effeminacy
and luxury prevailing in a happy climate and fruitful soil,
where even factitious wants may be easily supplied, enervate
the mind and attach man too much to the earth for him to dis-
play that heroism which is requisite in following the career of
liberty. The Diplomatists at Laybach were sensible of these
truths, and acted upon them. Supported by an artful intrigue,
which was favoured by treachery, executed tyrannically, they
overthrew liberty in that beautiful part of Italy. The rapid
victories of the Austrians in Naples paralysed the efforts of the
brave Piedmontese, so that the whole Peninsula remained under
a foreign yoke. Unhappy Italy, thou deservedst a better fate !
Thou wilt yet obtain it—the light of the age cannot retrograde."
The writer then proceeds to show the small advantage that
the Holy Alliance would be likely to reap from an attack on
Spain, and the disadvantages which would almost inevitably
accrue to them from it, which 'he shows infinitely to prepon-
derate.
He then examines the various pretexts which might be al.
leged for such an enterprise, the futility of which he exposes at
length.
The accounts from • the interior are not quite so satisfac-
tory as by the last Tails. Zaldivar has again disturbed the
tranquillity of the Otovince of Cadii, where the troops were
preparing for a fresh expedition. A pamphlet has been pub-
lished, on the necessity of establishing a Provisional Re-

gency."
[ Artract of a private Letter, same elate.]
" At Valtnicia; extraordinary measures must be adopted to
prevent,, yr.:ie.:least to arrest, the assassinations which are daily
conimitted, there.
" iiihcard, published by an Ecclesiastic,
_proposes a Na.
