THE KING'S, Bliall-DAY.

Yegterday the Ceiebrntt►►u of the litNGli Birth-
Elav place, by cotonnorl of his MAJESTY, in-
vend of the 12th of August, which was observed
by Ali rank; with every demonstration of rejuic-

ink;; the.tnorning was ushered in with Ihe ring.

int.; of bells, and the flags on the steeple's of the
were displayed, rind at one o'clock the
Park and Tower guns were firvd• 1

At ten o'clock the Watermett (f the Navy Pay
OE7e nve,-trcd in their new sca,)rit t cirrascs, in.

chiding vockings, to the number of ten, with
their coxswain at their head, at the residence of
111 r. Robinson, the Treasurer of the Navy, who,
after inspecting them, presented iticm with a com-
pliment to think the King'!. health.
Ti!e King's .Guard mounted duty-with the holi-
day colours, &c.
At oue.o'clock the Park And Tower guns dis-
charged a double Royal salute.
It haviug been generally misrepresented, and
repored, that there was to be a Drawing-gown
on the celebration of the King's Birth-day, a
great crowd assembled round the Palace in Pall-
and in the Palk ; and so generally was /his.,

rotnour believed, that the only inquiry teas, when
the Drawii,g-lloom was 10 begin. Numbers of
the Ivc,hiii y and Gentry were led into serious'
errors, by it being represented that they %tete to
leave their names of whetetts llosoeb:
proceeding was required, as such custom, is now
it being contrary to Court et'cinette to
leave intuits to the Sovereign, as was the cot ;mu
kept up with the late King.
The Mail Coaches, as usual, pataded the prin.
Opal .streets of Loudon with iietv Coaches. On
the whole of them Were Imperials iu the front
seats for two outside passetigers, the back•bnot
unicli improved, and the whole arr:lngement the
same, with the addition "G. It. IV."

Previous to the'srarting of the new coaches
from Milibrnk-rote, tvi:h the conchmen and guards
in their new clothing, Mr. Widier, the 6,,iltier of
the coaches, gate sumptuous entertainment to
the Mail Contractors—Charles J obii,on, Esq. the
surveyor anti superintendant of Mail Coaches, in
the Chair.

after dinner, the King's Beal ii tvas with
four times four.

- ..• .......
" The Postmasters-General"—" Fuatici,
"'The Whed,." _

Sir HENRY PARNPLL, 1711• P. was pre-
sent, and on his henlth being drat 3:, he returned
thanks. particularly for the general improvement
of poring in Ireland.
The Marquess of Worcester, Mr. Cox, and
many. wrier G:nflemen of distinction ..vere pre-
sent, to admite tie peculiar selection and excel-
lence of superior horses, particularly the light
greys belonging to the Dover, iu compliment to
the French, with new harness, ornamented with
blue and orange ribbons ; as were the tour beau-
tiful hays in tie Portsmouth Mail. •

The folorviog is the order oft he Procession
of his MAJESTY'S Mail Coaches, April 24th,
1820 :
Two Horsemen—l. Bristol, Mr. Waterhouse, Swan with
Two Necks, Lad-lane-2. Bath, ditto—A Horseman-3.
Exeter ditto-4. Holyhead, by Coventry, ditto—A Horse-
man-5. Liverpo ditto-6. Manchester, ditto—A Horse-
man-7. NotNots.ien by Ipswich, ditto-8. Worcester, Mr. Wil-
la!), Bull and Nlooth Inn, Bull and Mouth-street-9. Bir-
mingham, ditto-10. Leeds, ditto—A Horseman-11. Glas-
gow, ditto-12. Edinburgh by York, ditto—A Horseman-
-13. Poole, by Southampton, Mr. I' agg, Bell and Crown, Hol-
born-13. Dover, Mr. Eames, Angel, St. Clements, Strand—
A Horseman-1 5. Portsmouth, ditto-16. Gloucester, Mr.
Horne, Golden Cross, Charing-Cross—A Horseman-17-
Norwich, by Berry, ditto-18. Chester, ditto—A Hui setnan—
Two Horsemen.

In the evening the public places of amusement,
and the Royal tradesmen, illuminated their huts es.

The Assembly on Monday the 241 h, bein4.the
first held in honour Of his present M JESTY'S
birth-day, will be in the great ballroom, Edin-
burgh ; and as all the company will be dressed in
coloured clothes, and the Naval and Military
Officers,, with the Yeomanry, in their toll ulll-
- it is expected to -De the most brilliant As-
sembly that has taken place for a long time past.

' His Grace the Doke of \Vat-LINGTon has had
his mansinin (Ansley House) filled with work
people lately. The grand banquetting room was
opened for ti►e first time on Sunday night, inn.
initiated in a style of the most reSpletittent bril-
liancy. This matchless apartment, whkelt
dine at least one hundred persons coninunlionsly
at one long table, is lighted in the day by a single
window %Nit dimensions next the l'ark,,
pilastres arc simple, and very agreeable to the
eve. Tlie furniture is not yet complete. A dit►-
tier was given to try the effect ; it was a party en
funtille.

HAMBURG I-1 PAPERS.

ST. PETERSBURGH, MARCH 31.—it will be re-

membered that the Jesuits, when they were
nisbed from'--Saint Petersburgh its Isls, were al-
lowed to remain in the Governments of Nlohiion
and Witepsk, but on condition of not taking. In-
to their schools any pupils except of the Roman
Catholic religion but it having been discovered
that they have continued, without regard to the
hulls of the Holy See and the law-s.of the empire,
unlawfully to seduce united Greeks to the Roman
religion, and have even carded on intrigues in Su-
ralvia and Siberia, where they had tin business at
all, his Ntijesty, on the representation of his Minis.-
ter of Worship and Public Education, has ordered
that they shall
.be immediately sent out of the
conntry, and their academies at Polw,k and Wilna
aholis!,ed, and measnres•sh4ll be taken respect-
ing that which, after the report of the Unman
;N:letripolitan Bishnp, is to•be put in their place.
ThoQe among the Jesuits who were born in Russia
may remain in the country, and enter into an-
other order. -

STOCKHOLM, APRIL 7.—Au impost duty of 40
schillings Hamburgh Witco per lb. ih imposed on
Spanihh, Portuguese, and floe Saxon wool, by a
decree of the iloyal Board of Trade, rimed April 3.
BPRLim, APRIL 1 I.—The report that M. Wol-
ter, bookseller as Ileidelberg, loth been arrested by
order of a foreign Government, is onfoutoled.

FKANEF9RT, APRIL 12;—We hear no more of
the opening of the Diet, which Was to have been
on the OM of Aptil. Some say it will be on,l he
Isr of May, •

[l:he Austrian Observer contains a long account
of an iftsurrrciion at Aleppo, under the date of
Constantinople, Feb. 25. It was stippresr,ed sfrer
a violent oppositiod on the pert of the insurgents.
"f be Tartars win conveyed the news to Constan-
tinople also carried the herds of the ringleaders,
which were dislrl•iyed on the gates of►he Seraglio.]

THEATRICAL REGISTER.
• . Performed Lest Nig-ht.
THEATRE ROYAL, Dtturry-LANE.--Ring• Lear : King Lear,
Mr. Xean ; Edgar, Mr. Rae; Goneril, Mrs. Glover ; Regan,
MP,. Egerton ; Cordelia,, Mrs. W. West. After 'which,
What Next
MEATHE ROYAL, CoVENT-GARDEN.—I-Tenri Qnatre Henri,
Mr. Macready; Eligene, Mr. C. Kenible ; O'Donnel, Mr.
JObusitonel Florence Saint Leon, Miss Stephens
Louison, Miss M. Tree. After which, Harlequin and
Cinderella.

.4* Fur LITERARY REVIEW, see the First Page.

Sr. `.Lars; —Holiday at the Exchequer, Bank, and South Sea

House.

IV! A I
untvEn.-1 Dublin, 1 Wat,rford, 1 Gottenburgll, 1 France,
I Ilamburz►b.
DUE Dublin, l W'atrt;orc t Oottenbuigh, I Li,Lion.

FIIGFI IVATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO •NIOR:110 kV.
Morning, 38 wintites after C. I Evening, 50 minutes attvr 12.

T 14:
a

SOLield t2VIS DICER?: FA 1AL,31 AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
7'UESIMY, APRIL 25, 1820.

We received this morning the Paris Ports of.

Saturday last. Thi Chamber of Deputies
no meeting on Friday. There w.. 49 to be a public
Sitting of both Chambers on Saturday. The
Commi:tee. on the new Election Projet assembled
(Si, Friday. .A Royal Ordonnance, in the illonileur;
appoints the Sieur SEGUIER, tl►e Prefect of La
Alcurthe, to be Pretect of the Department of
Co:6 d'Or.—(There is no news in these Journals:

ft am Spain.)—The fonovviog are extracts :
" PAnts, 22.—Yesterday the Count
Situeon introduced to the King the President and.
Semetaries of the Chamber of thintties, who pre-.
sewed to his Majesty the projet respecting abe
financial accounts, agreed to by the Chamber on
Thursday. His M,,jesty afterwards transacted
business with the Marquess de Latour N:aubomg,
Minister of War, and the Duke de Rickel
The King then transacted business for three
boors with the Count Simeon. His Majesty is
still afflicted with gout in the knee, and continues

to dine in his apartments.
" M. Chevalier, one of the authors of the Bi-
bliotheque Historique, was arrested on Thursday.
The cause of his arrest is not stated.
" M. de Vatistnenil, one of the Substitutes
of the Procuteur•General, made his report yester-
day to' the Chamber of Accusation, respecting
affair at the subscription called national. The
Cour Royale will pronounce its attf..4 at a S. übFe-
Tient Sitting. If it shonld deem it fitting to pro-
ceed in the affair, the Government will be ad,.
dressed in order to obtain, first, authority front
the Chamber of Deputies to prosecute nine of
its members who signed the subscription ; a:nl,
secondly, the referring all the accused to the
Chamber of Peers, in case the Count Lanjuinais
shall find himself compromised.
" The brochures entitled Apercus IlistoTiquea,
forming a continuation of the Bibliotheque
Ilisto-
rique, and the Galerie, forming a continuation of
the Mincrre, have been seized by order of the
ocureur du Rui.

FIVE PER CENT'.

Friday

74 f. 10 c.

DEFEURCD STOCK
Of the spa March, 1817, lOO 1. We.

e2ci Sept. 1819, 90 f. 50 c.
2241 March, 1840, 3B f. 50 c.

" MUNICH, APRIL 14 —Our Envoy, NI. d
Zeutner, has ol.rained from the Cupgress of

Vienna, that thcre sli4il be no atten4pt zna2gl
a!tvr tile Constitulions now ettablished in Ger'

many."

•
The attack upon tilt Established Clergy by N'ff:l
LA r.IBToN, on Saturday last;St, -the jiond°
Tavern, at what was called the WestmollBgcl
Dinner, was one of the most-reprehensible deck'
mations that perhaps was ever heard upon a 9411.1'
far occa3ion. But the political conduct of thil
Gentleman has been so very extraordinary (bet
even yowl; and inexperience cannot be re'
ceived, as a due apology. The Morning Chronicle
of this day attempts to explain this shockia,
abuse upon a Sacred Order, which may alnd
be considered as an attack upon the Churcb
itself-, by limiting that abuse to the Clergy in 0/
neighbonihood of Doehatn We shall, on till°
occasion, make .the Chronicle refute itse/t by the
following extract from its report yesterday, of the
Meeting in question.?--Speaking of the Clertd
Mr.Laras-robt said, " in this instance, (the Wesr
madam! Election) 'there had been arrayed agoinsC
the cause of independence, the Magistrates, and
a Body, who, from the earliest times, load enlisi
themselves in tit,. maintenance of slavery, "
meant the Clergymeu—(great applause)--a clap'
of men, who, instead of inculcating ROM ale
Pulpit charity and good will among Wien,

were solely occupied in fonzenting broils (144
disturbances, and who always erred, it such initna'
culate persons could err, on th;e side of des-
potibm." Now we leave all men who .have ani
respect for decency, decorum, liberality and justice,
to say whether this scandalous attack trpon the
most • venerable class of men in society if
not an abuse upon tie Clergy in general and tiC
all tunes, and whether ti:e following vasage iu
the Chronicle of • OW d v ao,otmts to any
justification of so odious,
a ca!ntiirty, or i 6
contined to a parcicul.tr body of rocn of
that order ;—`‘ Gentleman (lir. 10113-
TON) liad described a port:;on of the CtergY
connected with the Darlt,:ot i‘,11." We

now not whether the Law can inflict ell

punishment , upon the .utterer of so giOSS 3
libel upon a body of filth without whoa
Society could ouly exist in the most b,it'
barons state of Ai beim, and .the most bor'
ride depravity, but if there be any penal ju"
risdietion that can be appeded. to on the oc-
enion, we earnestly hope that the iN.Terohcrs of

the Church, ail of vt hoot are libelled by

sweeping calumniation, will appeal .to: id, anti
hold forth N Yearning against such (laving lice,•-
tiousness, s which, cannot be cxcmcd by the
orgies of Bacchus, the Icvity of yowl!, or the ran-
cour of Party. In fact, the abuse of the Clergy wki•
of so gross a nature, that even Mr. littouGnisM,
to honour whom. the Dinner took place, and tho
particular friend of Mr. LANIBTON, found it
necessary to rise- in their docuce, and to say,
" that the condeinnation which had. been pass'
cd on.llie Clergy in genera, could only, be ap-
plied to a par} of them. Some of the most zea-
lous friends Of independence were to be found
among those be hail mew low(' of that body."--fie
" veal oily eulogised the conduct of the C!cror
of the Church of England, with nearly all of tv;,ont

he ltnd It4d communication on the (It the ,

Education Comatittce; and on that ibjeCt
Which he could speak withont prcindic, eoulj
assert that their conduct, with scarcely a singe ex"
ception,was zealous, benevolent, and praiseworthy
inthe evretne." Thus is the Chronicle, in its attewc
to limit the calumny to the Clergy of airhani,
refuted not only by the express words of Mr.
LAMBTON himst If, bat by the contradiction a
his friend, Mr. BROUGHAM !

1113 MAJESTY arrived in town yesterday after..
noon, 80,0 aster 1011 r o'clock, at Isis Palace ill
Pall Mall, from Windsor Palace, escorted by A
party of Light Horse (Lauccrs•)
The KtNo's birds-day having been kept yester•
day, the 'louses of Parliament did not sit.
Duke and Duchess of GLOUCESTER bad A
dinner party yesterday.
On Sunday the Princess SOPHIA rode out with
the Duchess of GLoucKsTint in her carriage, anti
viewed ittisscll-square, and its neighbouring
provemenls, which It ace taken place since bee
kleyal Highness was in LonOoti.

Yesterday, about one o'clock',
.the Princess AU'
GUSTA arliVed at the ding's 11,1130! in S. James'9
Pot k, ;rpm her seat at Frogniore, where her
Roy4l received visits Irmo the Duchess
Ur GLOU-CUSTEII, the Pt inCCSS SOPHIA, &C. Di
the cyCiiiiic ;set' Ropil ilighiresS diilrd with dill'
Dtike non Dochuss of- CLAAENCE•

Prince LroPoLD dined with the Duchess of
NRNT yesterday, :it the King's Palace at lien'
sifivon.
Yesterday, Fit twelve o'clock, a Cabinet Coup"
cil was- held at the Foreign Office, which 'sat in
deliberation tii about balt-past two o'clock.
The Lords of the Council assembled yester,l4
at the Council (Mice to hear appeals.
The Cortrity of Limerick has bcen placed tinder
the Peace Pre,eiv:.tion Act by the Lord Liet"'
tenant and Privy Council. An extraorciet)!l
Police will, therefore, be pkced tbrbogliout 00c'
County.

THE STATS PRI3ONERS,

OLD BAILEY, Aral t 5.

LCONTINUATION OF TfIE TRIAL of 3. T. ERUNT,]
Thit morning the Court opened rath-r «whey
than usual. At nine o'clock the LORD CHILI,
BARON, Mr. Baron GARRoW, and Mr. Jus-
tice RICHARDSON, came into the Court. The
Jury baying ewered the box, their names
were called aver, and the prisoner, John Thomas
Brunt, was put Co the Bar ; he appeared perfectly
.collected, and bad the use ot a chair.—ltuthven
then produced the arms, ammunition, and the
combustibles, as before described. This witness
Was followed by Taunton, Westcote,
Ellis, and other Officers, who were severally
examined by Air. Gurotevi.—There were no other
witnesses on the pair of the 'Crown, and the
ATTORNEY - GENERAL declared, this was the
whole case for the Prosecution.—Mr. Cuawoon
;addressed the Jury Ott behalf of the pi sower
at considerable knells, insisting that the

case now before them differed materially from
any of the others. The Learned Counsel called
one witness, who was however not examined. Mr.
Ano Lpit us , on the same side, implored die Jury
to give this case their earnest consideration, and
Concluded an eloquent srech by calling on them
to acct tit the prisoner.—A Juryman made some
obserratiou respecting parts of the evidence.—
The 1,,,,RD CHI up 13siantg said, that had not escaped
Lis iti-olioo ; and there (Val another point he
should etudeavOur to clear up. He then
acl-
dr►ssu d the prisoner as follows ;—" John Thomas
Brunt, your Counsel has addressed two able
rpeecl.es to the Court and Jut y in your be-
halt ; if you huve any thing to offer, the Gentle-
men will be glad to give it every attention."—
hisoner—" My Lo'rd, have just had a de-
fence putt into toy hand, but have not perused it ;
- I shall, bout-ever, advert to some circumstances
connected us ith this case."—lle theft proceeded to
account tor his conduct fur some years past, ar-
raigoing the behaviour of the several wit-
besses that had been brought against him.—
lie went on for nearly half an hour, expressing
himsclt with great firmness and animation ; during
which time the utmost silence pervaded the Court.
The greatest 'attention was given to the address of
the 111001tunate man.--The SOLICItOR-GENERAL
TOSe to reply, and was proceeding when our Paper
' was put to:press.

IFURTIIRR PAIITICULAIIS OF
_YESTERDAy'S rno-

CREDINGs.]

SnmioN proccuded to call over the names of the Jury-
two in attendance. The first intMe called, and to which there
%vas no etrAffibge on ;he' part of the prisoner or the Court,
was Mr. ititx,uit-r 13aiciaj,.
Mr. 13.4c1a1t stated, that as he had been on the Jury by
which Thistlepod h d hern tried, he hoped he might be ex-
eu ,u 6 on, the im!sent occasion.

%.:cituroo'n s%t
,id, that it was because.he was on the for-
flier Jury, be'ttislied.hie► to he on the present, as lie would
Lie enabled to see the dilferenee of evidence.
T SOLICITOR-GKNEHAL•said he had no oNection.

Mr. liarclay.waa then sworn, .arld 1..,e was. Foreman of this

as 3.vt-,11 as the former Jury.
The following Gentlemen were thrt also sworn :
" • Thomas Gootlehild, Esq. North Eud, Hendon, cm the for-

1/)er Jury.

Thomas Suffield Aldersey, Esq. Lisson Grove, North, ditto.
.Tarif 4-Herbert, Lileworth, ditto.

John Shooter, North End, Hendon, ditto.
Ja►ites Smallborongh Green:
John Edw. Sirepherd, Esq. Eden Grove, Holloway..
John Fowler, St. John-street, iron-prate-worher, on the
former Jury.

William Gibbs Roberts, Rupemakers-fields, Limehouse,
cooper, ditto.
,John Dickenson, not on the former Jury.
John Smith, ditto.
John Woodward, ditto.
When each of the Jury iii his turn was desired to look upon
the prisoner, and the oath was aNinistered to him, the pri-
soner steadily fixcil his eyes on his face, anti at the conclusion
gave an emphatic nod.
The remaining Jurymen in attendance were informed that
they must again attend on Wednesday morning.
The challenges on the part of the Crown were thilty-
three; on the part of_the Prisoner, thirty-five.
CONTEMPT OF THE oEDrui OF THE COURT IN
