vIZAAD

modating as to admit adherents from either of
the old parties, without any very great violation of
their political consistency. While he recognized the
principles of religion and civil liberty, and, free trade,
which gamed him numerous partizans among the
moderate Liberals, he avowed himself on the other
hand the uncompromising enemy of reform ; and
rather inconsistently, he also avowed his determina-
tion to oppose the repeal of , the Corporation and
Test Acts : this secured him numerous. adherents
among his old Tory friends, so that !lion the whole,
by skilfully trimming between the two parties, Mr.
Canning succeeded in becoming exceedingly popular
with a very great majority of the people.. The viru-
lent and, ridiculous opposition which the lamented
Premier experienced from. his for Mer colleagues,
and which, it is believed, hurried him to a pre-
mature grave, is a circumstance which excited
universal disgust, and which it is difficult to ex-
plain. -Why, it is wilted, should the same party who
acted with apparent cordiality with Mr. Canning, as
Foreign Secretary and Member of the Pri'vy Coun-
cil, object with such rainpantfUrito act with him as
Premier and Chancellor of the Exchequer ? The
question has never been answered. Their nnbounded
fury after they found his Maje Sty firm in his deter-
mination not to recalhis. captious would-be masters,
is more easily explained—in_ fact, it resolves itself
into a mess of disappointed avarice and gross selfish-
ness. At the same time we cannot let the reflection
pass of the singular mutability of human affairs :
thiS highly talented man, who at last became the
hope of his country, was worried to death by the
heads of the base faction -with whom he coalesced
during the greater part 'of his political life. Is this,
or is it not, a just retribution ?
•

(From the Westmoreland Advertiser.)
DEATU OF MR. CANNISG.—No event in our re-
membranee has excited such a general feeling of re-
gret as the death of this eminent Stafesthen. He
rad succeeded, under circumstances the most dis-
couraging, and t,a,idst , an, opposition more - virulent,
heartless, and regardless of,truth, than the annals of
our country can parallel,in forming:a Ministry which
had, as it deserved, the confidence and support of
the people; he had matured plans of retrenchment,
such as his-predecessors.had not dared even to con-
template ; he had fixed upon a line, of,policy, which
must have made England at once happy at home,
and feared and respected, abroad ; he had drawn
within his-circle all who are honoured for talent and
respected for virtue; he had gathered together the
scattered elements of power, and held them but for
the glory of his country ; but an all-wise providence
has seen fit to remove him.from the scene of his la-
hours, and it is yet
,among the hidden mysteries of
time, ,whether the policy marked out by Canning
shall henceforth guide the Councils of our King.
Few men have been subject to more severe aninnad-
v ersiona than Mr. Canning; from his first'outset in life
he has occupied a large share of public attention ; his
abilities were feared by his opponents;
sand ifhecould
not always obtain their esteem he never ceased to corn-
naand their respect. Connected for the greater pdr-
tion of his life with a party whose misdeeds render-
ed them odious to the bullc'of the people,ihe had to
answer at the bar of public opinion, not only for his
!Own but for the political sins of his colleagues, for
it was against him as the most talented, and there-
fore the most formidable of:the Ministry, that the
shafts of opposition were levelled. To the tyran-
nous and illiberal policy of his colleagases„, it is true
he gave his support;
.but he was„a subordinate in
office, and some allowance is to .be made for a
man who had embarked, in a great cause,- as the-
F.'ench war, and it was determined tostand fast by
the policy he had recommended if „not planned,
without being turned aside by the collateral circum-
stances which sprung out of it, and for which he was
not fairly accountable. But in the' midst of all the
misdeeds for which he and' others were blamed the
liberality and extended political views. of the Right
Hon. Gentleman always shone conspicuously. He
was the opponent of slavery, and the friend of
Catholic Emancipation, when the fearless expres-
sion of his opinions upon these questions was likely
to prove most dangerous to his personal ambition.

(From the Ino.sgow Courier.)
The intelligence which we. csmmunicated in our
last, 'regarding the state of Mr. Canning's health,
prepared us to expect the melancholy and fatal re-
sult, which it is this day our painful duty to commu-
nicate to our readers. Mr. Canning is no more. He
died on Wednesday morning; at minutes before
four o'clock. We say it in sincerity, that we deeply
regret this event: In him the country has lost an
individual of the most splendid talents and acquire-
meats, and which; if these had been more practically
and correctly directed, might have (lone greater
honour to his country, and conferred lasting advan-
tages upon her. As an orator, he stood unrivalled
in the British Senate. His Majesty's Opposition
will long remember his powers—eloquence which,
even where it did not work conviction,- was still
acknowledged to be of the most splendid and com-
manding description. He has, however, been cut
off in the prime of his days. Had he died some
months earlier, we believe we ma)'add, that it would
bave been better fcr his honour and his fame as a
statesman and as a man. We sympathise for the
afflictions of his family. These must be acute and
very great.; and their circumstances in life are, we
fear, not of the most independent and affluent kind.
But Great Britain is generous, and, in his family,
will remember the splendid 4.bilities of the protector
which they have lost.

(From the Glasgow Free Press.)
And thus is lost, at a moment when his life was
of the last consequence to his country, a Minister
whose place we must despair of now seeing oc-
cupied by ,his equal, either in talent or in practical
knowledge !
No statesman, even during the most momentous
periods of British history, has ever occupied a
station in which the eyes of his country were with
so much earnestness directed towards him, as Mr.
Canning. A downward course of tyrannical policy
had, at the time of his entering upon the office
of Foreign Secretary, identified us with the most
despotic measures of the Continental Governments
—had compromised our independence as a nation—
had lowered. our character in the eyes of the
world—and, among ourselves, had established an
oligarchy, under which the liberties of the people
were rapidly expiring, To undo, and to recover
the nation from the effects if, this degrading policy,
•was the task ustdertaken by qtr. Canning; an this
task he nobly and successfully accemplished. From
his hand the Holy Alliance received its death-blow)
at the waving of his rod .of power, the South
American States rose into political existence; by
him was Port' 1, our ancient ally, protected from
foreign aggress.._,f; ; by his consummate abilities was I
the plan matured—which pow is pearly effected—
of
giving peace and independence to Greece ;—and,
greitter than all, by. him was begun, in the face of
a powerful aristocracf ...arrayed against the country
and the monarch, a system of retrenchment more
rigid than other men had dared to think possible,
even in theory, These are the more luminous
f Mr. Canning's fame ;—to these
points in the sky o
the statesmen of other 04 Ontries have already looked
upward with reverence, au4 acknowledged their
splendour; and, in our own country, among those
upon whose heads is shed the benignity of their in-
fluence, the multitude of like admirers is daily on
the increase. Posterity is just, The petty pre-
judices and party rancours, that veil for a little the
..immediate presence of superior genius, dissipate not
'lss speedily than do the vapours of morning before
thei irising sun; and one glow of devotion—one un-
dvde(l sentiment of admiration, are then the only
feelings by which mankind are actuated. And such
must immediately be the result in the ease of Mr.
Canning, The calumnies with which he has been
assailedsaadwhsic:if hive no doubt tended to shorten
the
period
of ui),eliave been too gross, too deeply
disgusting, not to
pe'dily.
Potent breath of public b):
• I °pillion swept away by the
chokedamp,
or the thunder-cloud, ern"-lv' e The
elements that alway.;
are quickly destructive of their os, existence; and

a clear and serene sky never fails to succeed their
stormy dispersion.
The glory of baring begun—which is almost
equal to that of haVing accomplished--the regenera-
tion of his country, can now never cease to follow
the memory of Mr. Canning. ft remains to be seen
in what manner those who may succeed him in
office, shall copy his example, by pursuing the line
of pOlicy which he had . chalked out for himself,
and to the successful result of which the public had
begun to look forward with almost entire confidence.
On this all-important point is now hinged the
national destiny. It would be premature to hazard
an opinion as to the probable successor of our
lamented Premier; but of this we are at least as-
sured, that,.should those who so lately and so shame-
fully deserted their Sovereign, again return to office
and their ancient course of policy, the most fatal
convulsions cfsuld not- fail speedily to be the conse-
quence. The London Journals point to the Marquis
of. Lansdowne as the person most likely to be
now placed at the head of Government. We trust
that they point to the proper object—for of Peel
or of Wellington we cannot even think with patience.

(From the Dublin Mornil/2 Register.)

THE LORD LIEUTENAN.T—MR. CANNING.—The
intelligence of Mr. Canning's dangerous illness,
which arrived in Dublinpn Wednesday last, was re-
ceived by the Marquis Wellesley with those feel-
ings of deep regret and sorrow that might naturally
have been expected to arise from the long and inti-
mate friendship which had subsisted between them
without interruption from the commencement of Mr.
Canning's public life.—His Excellency gave imme-
diate direction for postponing an entertainment; of
which Mr. Wilmot Horton, Mr. Lamb, the Knight
of Kerry, and several persons of distinction, were to
'have partaken on Thursday. His Excellency has
also postponed the introduction of the Lord Mayor
and Sheriffs Elect, which had been fixed for Satur-
day, and also the ceremony of laying the first stone
of the King's Bridge, Aid' had been appointed for
Monday, the 13th inst.'

Grievous and afflicting as the loss of Mr. Canning
must be to the country, we doubt if he could have
added to his fame by living long enough to perfect
the exalted policy which he had commenced, not
only towards the great Empire whose destinies were
committed to him, but towards that " Great Globe
itself," with the widely extended politics of which
those'of Britain are interwoven. In the estimation
of a kindred genius, which was too independent to
flatter, and too discriminating to judge rashly, Mr.
Canning was "a statesman, a poet, and a-wit."
The hopes of the great Tory, whom his boyhood
fascinated, were more than fulfilled on the floor of
St. Stephen's.. His classic language,. his rich and
original humour, his spontaneous and resistless rea-
soning, his graceful and rotund utterance, his good
humoured and gentlenianly demeanour—these de-
monstrated his aptitude for the Senate, and his ca-
pability to contend successfully for the liberal and
sound principles which he was called upon by his
great political progenitor to maintain: One of his
predecessors died, like the Tvrian Queen, by lifting
the sword against himself. Though such a mode of
death would be, abhorrent to the virtue of Mr. Can-
ning, it would not be incompatible with his humility
to use the magnanimous words with which Pluenissa
prefaced her desperate deed—
, " VIXI et quem dederat curse m fortuna peregi ;"
She liVed to build a city. Mr. Canning lived to
rescue a Monarch from the dangers mid perplexities
by which he was embarassed by the treachery of
servants, who abused his confidence; although they
fattened upon his bounty. He vanquished, by the
great mind which Heaven had given him, a faction,
who could not rule a village, although they could
ruin an Empire. He achieved the rare and remark-
able triumph of making himself the pillar of the
throne and the idol of the people. He was hated
by a few titled, selfish, nod talentleas bigots, because
they argued, from the ascendancy of plebeian intel-
lect, the demolition of that system of arrogance and
spoliation, which planted in the soil of Britain the
seeds of a ripening, but now, thank Heaven! an
averted- revolutign. The aristocracy could not be-
hold without envy and terror—a man, reaching the
highest place under the crown, whose paternal in-
heritance did not exceed one hundred pounds per
annum, lerived from a farm in the County Kilkenny.
This was wormwood to theth, and bitterly did the
gartered and constelitted humdrums vent their spleen
against the illustrious personage who raised himself
above them by theAignity of his genius and the splen-
dour of his virtue. Soy great is the interest created in
this city by every thing connected with the name of
Mr. Canning, that numbers have requested to see and
touch complimentary letters which the Right Hon.
Gentleman addressed to Mr. Hamilton, of Anna-
dale Cottage, on Friday, August 3d, the very day
on which he received the fatal warning to a belter
.world.

(From the Dublin Freeman's Journal.)
MR. CANNING.—The packet of Yesterday has ve-
rified our forebodings. All of Mr. Canning that can
perish is no more. That which cannot is transferred,
we fondly hope, to the realm of its peaceful and
blessed immortality. Could prayers compromise the
ordinances of another world, the spirit whose de-
parture we deplore would have been spared some-
what longer to illustrate this. Omnipotence has
decreed otherwise, and all that now remains to us
is to breathe the Christian aspiration, that ere the
corruptible vestiments of the being that is fled shall
be deposited beneath the clod of the valley, the soul
by which they were tenanted will exult, young, re-
novated, and eternal, in the bosom of its God.—
Reigctantly, indeed, do we descend from the sublime
and dominant theme, in which the death of a great
and good map wraps up our thoughts, to the con-
sideration of the fame, the glOry, and the regret,
whose endurance in the hearts of mankital, his va-
luable life has secured. There is a link, however,
between celestial and sublunary things, which may
render the transition not only safe, but decorous.—
Philosophy has its limits, sects have their narrow
and arbitrary perspective of futurity, but true reli-
gion teaches us, that men who have benefited their
kind—who have earned the admiration of the world
by their virtues and their genius, will go with strong
recommendations before the tribunal of their immor-
tal and omnipotent Judge. Britain has flattered her
living warriors with monuments of their prowess.—
Let not the ashes of her statesmen lie unhonoured.
But, if she raise " the storied urn and animated
bust" over the bones of that Minister whose death
she now laments, let her not claim the monopoly of
being a solitary mourner; let her artists arid her
sculptors represent the Genius of the American
RepublicS, weeping over the relics of him " who re-
dressed the New World by the balance of the Old ;"
let Greece be permitted -to sympathize with Erie.-
land in the fate of u Statesman, who exploded the
atrocious theories of the Holy Alliance, and laid the
foundation Of her liberty. Nor let Portugal be for-
: gotten.

(From the Irishman.)
THE DEATH 4)F MR, CANNING.—This death, SO
much to be lamented by every rational man, has, we
dare say, been anticipated.by all our readers. That
there are Blockheads in the community who will re-
joice over the grave of this illustrious Statesman, we
are well aware=anirnals like those can only flatter
themselves with the hope of existence when spitits
like Mr. Canning cease to live—his death gives to
them a promise of resurrection, and like the owls,
they only go forth ,when the sun has disappeared,
and the world is covered with darkness. In the
presence of such a man as Mr. Canning the London-
derrys, and Bankeses, and Lethbridges were obliged
to Mile their diminished heads—they shrunk from
the exposure of their wretched incapacity and igno-
rance, and retired from the Senate to hide themselves
from the laughter and ridicule of their countrymen ;
creatures like these writhed under the keen dissect-
ing knife of that Statesman's wit—they were driven
to madness by the torture—and its 'the impotency
of their vindictive fury only multiplied the triumphs
of reason, truth, and eloquence. Mr. Canning had
great public qualities—no man knew better than he

did how to accommodate himself to the feelings of
the times he lived in—the violent and irreconcileable
enemy to the French Revolutionists, he could for-
get the principles he inculcated under the banners
of Mr. Pitt, and assert the Revolutionary rights of
South America—the enemy of Reform in Parlia-
ment, he could not refuse his approbation to every
other species of Reform, whether in Jurisprudence
or in Finance—he was the friend of Catholic Eman-
cipation, 12ut always guarded concession by con-
ditions, which invariably insured its rejection by those
whose liberty he eontemplated. Mr. Canning, though
the advocate of popular principles, would disdain to
communicate with the people—he seemed to despise
any suggelitions from there, and would not humiliate
the House of Commons by the acknowledgment
that its deliberations were influenced by public•
opinion. Not so the great and immortal _Fox—be
always felt it his duty to consult the petitioner—to
ascertain the justice and the reason of his prayer,aud
if he concurred in the representation that was made
to go into the House doubly armed with his own
great powers and the respectful suggestions of the
men whose petition he advocated.
A thousand circumstances have, contributed to
render the death of Mr. Canning a source of general
sorrow. But the last and most important event of

his public life has given an interest to his name,
which all the great qualities of his mind could never
have obtained for it—we mean that struggle which
he made, on the part of his Sovereign, .to form an
Administration independent of that audacious and
impudent-confederacy of monopoly and bigotry, Who
vainly imagined the King could not dispense With
their services. Mr. Canning stood by the King in
this emergency, and succeeded in creating one of
the most popular Administrations ,which England
has witnessed since the days of Lord Chatham.
The insolency of Aristocracy roused the indigna-
tion of the Empire, and the miserable.:incapacity
they displayed in their efforts to perpetuate- their
power, have rendered them the bye-word and ithe
subjects of ridicule in every intelligent society. !
Never did an English Monarch obtain a greater
triumph over a round robin of aristocratic ignor-
ance than the present King—and to the 'ad-
dress, and talent, and spirit of his Minister; as
well as hi►s• own personal determination, may.' be
attributed the achievement -of the victory. Ire-
land, Protestant and Catholic, will lament the fall
of such a man—they will recal the glorious pas-
sages of his life; and reflect with gratitude on the
services he rendered to the cause of civil and reli-
gious freedom.
On to-morrow, the Catholic Association assem-
bles at the Corn-Exchange. -That this body, ;en-
joying, as it deservedly does, .the confidence of Ire-
land, will act upon this distressing occasion with the
sensibility and generosity of their country, 'we have
no doubt. Had Mr. Canning never raised his voice
for Ireland—had his eloquent advocacy been confin-
ed to the people of South America—to the 'infant
freedom of Portugal, or the struggling patriots of
Greece, these great and permanent services to man-
kind would be quite sufficient to command from
Irishmen some solemn manifestation of their respect
and sorrow, and,to prove to England and the world,
that however slow and tedious the march of justice,
that still we are ever ready to join the mourning
procession which carries to the silent tomb the fa-
vourite child of eloquence and genius. It would be
an act• of injustice to the memory of Mr. Canning
not to suppose that he wonld have taken advantage
of his high station and the universal feeling of ad-
miration by which he was surrounded, to advance
the freedom and happiness of' Ireland—that he
would have endeavoured to reconcile the Royal con-
science to Irish liberty—that he would have sooth-
ed or shamed the bigot into silence, and have effect-
ed for the country which had such claims on his
sympathy, the same advantages it was his boast to
have extended to the most distant nations on the
globe. Ireland will draw this picture, and will, With
sincerity, lament, in common with England, ; the
death of the Minister who promised to be the source
of such unutterable blessings.

(From the Dublin Evening Mail.)
The well known,poWers of Mr. Canning's mind
appear to have overshadowed the genius of Britain
—to have darkened the glories of her other chil-
dren ; and the Statesmen of the day, dazzled by the
splendour of his rhetoric, seem to have considered
opposition from him as a difficulty more formidable
than it really was—as an obstracle not to be sur-
mounted by any talent short of an eloquence, as
Powerful and popular as his own; not considering
that Mr.. Canning's talents were in a great measure
neutralised by his character; and that his success as
a Minister (we allude. not to his late elevation, but
to his former career) was due rather to the confi-
dence which the people had in the honesty of his
associates, than to their reliance either on his ta-
lents for business, or the consistency of his principles.
This brilliant comet, which in turns dazzled or ob-
scured the public vision, has burned out—not per-
haps before his destined race was run, but certainly
sooner than all human calculations led us to expect.
The film is removed from men's eyes—and they
begin to perceive, that what they called an impos-
sibility—was nothing but a difficult, though still a
practicable object.

(From the Dublin Patriot of August 11.)
LATE MR. CANNING.—Mr. Canning is no more !
he expired on Wednesday morning, amidst the tears
of his family, and the solicitude and affection of all
who deserve the name of men. No Minister, since
the great Lord Chatham, filled so large a space in
the eye of mankind. But his was a period more
pregnant with important events than that of Lord
Chatham's, He lived when a great moral struggle
agitated the world—a conflict, whether the institu-
tions of kingdoms- were to be adapted to the
wants and wishes of the many, or sacrificed
to the passions and cupidity of the few—whether
Europe was to relapse into despotism, or the
improvement and happiness of the people
were to form the presiding principle of Go-
vernments. He lived when it became necessary that
England should act in accordance with the spirit of
the age—when the question at issue was—whether
the British Government should lead, and by leading,
temper and controul any rash spirit of popular im-
provement ; or, whether by acting upon maxims of
a dark and obdurate policy, obstinately opposed
to all reformation within, a spirit should he en-
gendered in the country which would reform with
a vengeance from without ? and Mr. Canning
decided in favour of human happiness. He esta-
blished a Government formed upon this prin-
ciple. For this, while he incurred the hatred
of tyrants, he became the pride and hope of
wo,oftlheprhonuimoatan trhaece.i
But we cannot
all who
19provement and
dwell upon this subject now. He is no more.
The 'head which dictated, and the: ongue which
embodied the inspirations of wisdom, are mute
and motionless. Ordinary feelings may 19e de-
scribed with fluency, but it is the character of
intense emotion to find a difficulty of expression.--
And when we reflect upon all the afflicting circum-
stances attending this calamity—a family deprived
of the kindest husband and father—friends of an
amiable, pleasing, and sincere companion—society
of its most polished and brilliant ornament—the
Senate of its most accomplished orator—and the
country of its most efficient Statesman ; when we
contemplate, too, the important political events
which may be influenced by his death, ours are,
indeed, no ordinary feelings, and we find ourselves
totally inadequate to express our sense of the loss
of a man who lived, hide,* long enough for fame,
but not long enough for his country.
One consolation, however, we have. We admired
living, whom we mourn dead. The principles which
he had just established as the practice of the Govern-
ment, we had long inculcated. Gradual mid prac-
tical improvement—as far removed from innovation
as obstinacy—which, by leading the march of reform
in the Government, arrests the progress of licen-
tiousness among the people, and prevents the catas-
trophe by correcting the Causes' of revolutions.—
Will this system be still acted upon ? We think

It will. The country has now got a taste of good
Government, and will no longer endure the domi-
nation of those with whom every abuse is sacred,
which is hereditary.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

" MFrees the Journal cies Debats, Aug. 11.)
ADRID, JULY 30.—;4. conspiracy to desert
has been discovered in the militia regiment of Ciudad.
The discovery was owing to the insubordination
manifested by the soldiers, which excited the at en-
tion of their officers. The most guilty among the
sub-officers and soldiers were condemned and punished
immediately. A great number have been condemned
to the galleys.
" The garrison of Penon, which is one of our
three stations en the African coast, has, we are
assured, deserted in a Colombian vessel. As Pe on
is a place to which convicts are transported, m ny
of these persons have deserted also ; but it app ars
that the garrison has allowed only men condem ed
for political offences to aecompany them.
`6 PARIS, Aua. 10.—Statesmen disappear qom
tife, political stage in England with frightful rapidity.
Death strikes almost incessantly those individnals
whose names are connected with all the political
events which have agitated the world for thirty
years. The tomb is scarcely closed upon the Mar-
quis.of Londonderry ere it is re-opened to receive
the remains of Mr. Canning. It is not yet 'six
months since' an attack of apoplexy removed Lord
Liverpool from the helm of public affairs. The first
political office in England has been twice vacant, in
one half year !
" The death of Mr. Canning has occasioned
throughout England a consternation perhaps without
example in its history. Never in that country,
where things are so arranged as that the death, of
particular men is of little consequence,—never did
the loSs of an individual excite More interest and
create greater alarni.
" Europe, likewise, awaits, with reasonable inquie-
tude, the result of an event, the_ consequences! of
which are as yet beyond all human foresight. Its
probable influence on our destinies is one of the
questions on which we can no •longer descant ; but
presentiments arise in our minds, as in those of our
readers.

" TO THE EDITOR.

" PARIS, AUG. 9.

" Sir,—Civilization has sustained an irreparable loss :
a great Statesman, who gave to the interests of nations a
tutelary support, has descended into the tomb.
". It was in the midst of a French city—famous Bor-
deaux—that Mr. Canning made known the sentiments
which will cause his memory to live and to be blessed.
" France was deserving of witnessing the revival, in the
midst of its generous population, by a Foreign Minister, of
the wish which the first caused to be heard in favour of all
people—. Civil and religious liberty throughout the world.'
By giving to the policy of Great Britain the direction
which tends to this object, Mr. Canning has rendered him-
self the benefactor of a great number of nations.
" The people of South America, when they learn the
premature death of the Minister, the pa.cificator, who, the
first in Europe, hailed them as an independent people, will
weep over the illustrious friend, whom death has removed
at the moment, even when, as a last benefit, he suppressed
among them intestine war, and restored at once peace and
freedom to the shores and the waters of the Plata.

"Portugal will mourn the Minister who saved her from
the opprobrium of invasion, the horrors of civil war, and a
return to servitude under an absolute power rendered san-
guinary by vengeance.
" Greece will mourn the Minister who took her under
his protection when she was in the extremity of distress—
who proclaimed the property of the Hellenic territory to be
complete and necessary in favour of the sons of Hellas.
" All other nations will mourn the great man who
showed to ,what point he wished, he was capable to realise
the idea of which we were the first and the most worthy
confidents.

" Well, then; to maintain the rank which becomes us,
let us anticipate all nations in expressions of regret and
praise towards the friend of nations.

"Let us get engraved by our most skilful artists a medal,
on one side of which we will inscribe his device and ours:
•' g Civil road religious liberty throughout the world.'
" The other side will bear his effigy, with the words :--.
" in the name of nations, the French tts George Can-

ning.'
" We should become the organs of two grateful worlds.
This part is worthy of France. Ilinisters, in the two
worlds, will learn, that if they have to struggle painfully,
during their life, against the factions which beset them in
the bosom of their own countries, as scoa as they are
strong enough to raise themselves above partial interests,—
to work on an eular.ed scale the happiness of the human
race,—nations, full of gratitude, will reserve for them ho-
mages, worthy of an age when benefits rendered to man
are understood at once to all civilized people.
" I propose, Sir, that you sfiould receive subscriptions
for th medal to be struck in honour of the tneinory of
George Canning. It will be sufficient for each person
to deposit, at your office, any smn he pleases not below
one franc.
" An active committee will be formed of three of the
principal subscribers out of the first hundred, and of three
artists and literary men chosen from amongst the most cele-
brated. This committee shall select a banker to receive
and manage the funds.
" The sum thus raised will serve to pay the artist who
shall furnish the most beautiful model of the proposed
medal,-and likewise to defray the expences of engraving it.•
" Afterwards the medal will be delivered to subscribers
upon the payment of a moderate sum, equivalent only to
the expence of metal and of the striking it off.
" Two medals will be struck in gold—one for the
widow of Mr. Canning, the other for the magnanimous
Monarch who has ,et a great example to Sovereigns, by
selecting', to direct the affairs of his Empire a friend of na-
tions and of their liberties.
" I have the honour to be, with the greatest considera-
tion, your very humble and obedient servant,
" CHARLES DUPIN, Member of the Institute."
(From the Moniteur of Saturday, Aug. 1 I.)
"PARIS, Auu. 10.—The death of Mr. Canning
has appeared from the very first day, to a Feat
number of persons, rather as a public than a private
event—they have thought they saw not a man
perish, bet a system. We feel it necessary to rec-
tify the opinion formed of the immediate conse-
quence of his premature death.
Without doubt (and we are eager to relieve our
heart on the subject) we cannot behold, without
lively emotion, a statesman, always distinguished by
the most brilliant success as an orator, and recently
honoutfed with the confidence of his Sovereign and
the regard of ours, fall, all on a sudden, from the
summit of power, and from an elevation still more
personal—that of great talents. Glorious parliamen-
tary recollections, flattering hopes, ware attached
to the name of Mr. Canning. His country. expected
great things of him ; and the interests of civilization
i❑ the two worlds are, in our times, so united 'to-
gether, that a man distinguished by the qualities of
the heart and understanding cannot die in any part
of the globe without universal mourning.
" But, in order justly to appreciate the emotions
of the first moment, we must think of the feeling
which impels so many restless spirits to foresee, to.
find serious events in all the incidents which occur.
The peace which consoles Europe is a burden to
many descriptions of ambition. These suffer no
pretext to escape for deceiving themselves with
respect to the consequences of any event whatever,
and to seize upon it as an argument in their favour.
Hence that•almost general disposition to exaggerate
the importance of every fact that occurs in the na-
tural course of things, and to see in it an entire re-
voila ion.
" What abuse has been made during the last 30
years of these phrases, All is lost. All is saved.'
Human affairs do not go in this manner : they follow
their course without continually returning to their
source. First causes are rare, and it is our weaknees
that makes us consider as such, causes that are purely
secondary. Let us not look on events either in se
good or so bad a light : the age bears nothing ab-
solute,
" And in the first place, what system should we
believe to be buried in the tomb of Mr. Canning ?
No man has more need than that statesman to have
his political life divided into several periods, and
nobody has more eagerly armed himself against
by his own contradictions than the new friends on
whom he depended in England and on the continent:
Let us close the Parliamentary Journals and political

biographies, to date the new career of Canning from
the day when here-entered.the Council. But first,
we see him
.sitting there under Lord Liverpool, as
President, cordially joining in his policy, and in no
.point separating his conduct from that of that wise
Minister. The speeches of both correspond in the
two houses, ,only with the differences suggested
much more by the difference of the conditions than
by difference in the opinions of the two speakers.
In a word, the two great English determinations
which have distinguished these latter years—the
first ostensible separation of Great Britain from a .
continental system which was ascribed to the Holy
Alliance, the other the recognition of the South
American states. Were not these two measures,
we ask, the first a simple sanction of the conduct of
Lord Castlereagh at the time of the Congress of
Laybach, and of that of the Duke of Wellington at
the Congress of Verona.; the second, a necessity-
long since foreseen by Lord Londonderry, and pro-
claimed by Lord Liverpool after him, and. before Mr.
Canning ? .
" If we fix the question of a new system to the
day when Mr. Canning was raised to the chief place
in the Administration, we' find it difficult to under-
stand in what acts this innovation is to be discovered.
We find no traces of it but in changes of persons,
which 'had not yet produced any result except to
raise up numerous and complicated difficUlties, which,
if we may believe those writers who are the most
devoted to the memory of the •fllustrious deceased,
contributed not a little to accelerate his end. It
would, therefore, be, very hazardous to. calculate now
what would have been the final issue of the late ar-
rangements commenced in England, and which were
not yet completely finished. We confess that it was
not possible for us to see in it, as others have done,
la determinate system. We waited; we did not,
however, fail to observe that France (as settled by
the restrictions) could not but be easy, as far as she
was concerned, by the succeeding conduct of Mr.
Canning. A city, fully celebrated feria attachment
to the Royal cause, heard him in 1816, profess the
most honourable principles with respect to our, legi-
timate King.
" At all events, there is, in favour of the mainte-
nance of the 'good understanding between the Go-
vernment on which the prosperity of 'nations is
founded, a, dilemma which is very easily stated. If
England had adopted, in the person of Mr. Canning.
a new system, judged indispensable for the repara-
tion of its domestic evils, and the preservation of its
foreign influence, it cannot be supposed that the ne-
cessity of the system, which seemed in no respect
contrary to the order of things in Europe, can have
disappeared with the Man who was called to carry it
into execution. It cannot be supposed that the
adoption of this system, after being longcontemplated,
can be discouraged by a natural accident which was
,too easily to be foreseen, not to have been taken into
account on the previous determinations. If, on the
contrary, we were to see in Mr. Canning only a man
of talents, called upon to perfect continuing it, the
English system, as it.has been known to Europe for
these fifteen years, in this case there is nothing to be
said to quell a people's minds, unless it be that Eng-
land has co-operated in every legitimate restoration,
even in that of 1823. However. this be, if we set
aside the considerations which more. particularly
affect Great Britain, to contemplate only those
which may extend to our own country, "it is then
we feel a just pride in the situation in which
France is replaced by its legitimate princes.—
France, especially in these latter times, has reco-
vered truly French policy, which permits it to adept
in all foreign policy whatever is good in it, without
having. reason to fear what may be bad. It sympa-
thisei with all generous and pacific influences, with-
Out
,coalescing in an exclusive manner with any
one. Thus she has lately entered,. for the interests
of her commerce, into the road opened by England
in America, and yet observes all the precautions re-
commended by her relations with Spain. Agreeing
'with Russia in the means of stopping the effusion of
blood in the East—with England in those of pre-
serving peace in the Peninsula=with Austria on the
right of Queen Donna Maria and the -Infant Don
Miguel, France acts (marche) alone, since she does
so long keep terms with tlie*Poivers whose views
are supposed to be the least compatible .with each
other; or rather each of them acts with her accord-'
ing to wants and institutions, between which she
always reserves the choice to herself. This policy,
which is wholly national, and, if I may be allowed
the expression, wholly geographical, since it-results
from the twofold position of a poiver at once mari-
time and continental, gives her certainly a right to
show herself indifferent to external accidents, which
can never become serious without her concurrence,
or in spite of her opposition. These are truths
which may have been long overlooked by blind pas-
sions. The results are the answers; and the diplo-
matic history Of France, tiering the last five years,
is, an eloquent refutation of the declamatory accusa-
tions of her false friends, who are often more danger-
ous than her real enemies,

" The preceding remarks seem to indicate but
little solicitude in us to seek the probable results of
the death of the English Minister, and the combina-
tions which may take place in the Cabinet of his
Britannic Majesty. We must observe, first, that
profound respect for the independence of Govern-
ments—a respect founded on the sentiments of our
own independence—seems to forbid these delicate
discussions on the eventual determinations of a So-
vereign, our friend and ally, whose wisdom has long
been known by Europe, and especially by France !
Made easy by it, we must wait with confidence for
the issue of a struggle in which we can see nothing
but a rivalry of men and 'of means to arrive at the
same end. .

...
" This end is, in England, what it ought to be in
all countries,—the union of wise and moderate men,
to obtain, by a good discretion of power, the satis-
faction of the general interest. There is nothing in
this to alarm France, which, on her part, constantly
aspires to the same object; and which to attain it
completely, is also in need of the same concurrence
of which the passions of parties continually endea-
vour to deprive her. For the rest, a second proof
of the highest Royal prerogative exercised by the
King of England, will fix the opinion of his people
respecting his will.
" France has nothing to fear from the choice which
the English Monarch will make : it knows that all
the Cabinets are at present actuated by a common
want,—the maintenance of peace founded on the
legitimate rights of Governments, on the legal order
of States, on the mutual liberties of nations—in a
word, on that universal patriotism which excludes
all tyrannical pretensions, and admits all generous
alliances."

(From the Courier Francais.)
ON THE DEATH OF MR. CANNING.
N
which
ebvaesn
justt w
d
England
generallyo f
of her
erelt than
first
sthat
which has just (leprived England of her first States-
States-
man. The world had its eyes on himr The Ame-
rican Republics, Portugal, and Greece, looked at
him either with gratitude or with hope. The former
partly owed to him their existence; the latter ex-
pected him to put an end to their evils. Will the
course of his policy finish with him ? Will the sys-
tem on which he had founded the new direction he
had given to England, follow him to his tomb ? We
cannot believe it. Mr. Canning is not one of those
men whose influence lasts only during their lives, and
who leave no trace after them. The advantages
England has derived from her connection with the
new States of America ; and the character these
States have acquired in Europe, guarantee the
continuance of the policy adopted towards them.
The Treaty with Greece is signed ; the execu-
tion of it is commenced; all the forces are moving
towards the accomplishment of its object. As for
this affair also, the death of Mr. Canning will not
prevent the interposition of Europe. The question
is more difficult to resolve with regard to Portugal.
The part taken by Mr. Canning as to this country,
was one of the boldest acts of his political career;
and yet, notwithstanding its audacity, it has led to
no decisive result. The difficulties of Portugal have
only become more complicated. It was difficult to
conjecture what were Mr. Canning's intention* as

PRICKS OF STOCKS THIS
Bank Stock 2151
3 per Cent.• Red. eiVe ii
9 %
per Cent. Cons.... 88%%
3}6it to R pered. 9534 Cent. MN
D
4 per Cent. New ... 101% 2 IS IC
Ditto, 1826 -
Bank L. Ann. 204 3-16
India Stock -
Ditto Bonds 93 92 93 pin.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds, 5 per cent
Brazilian Bonds B7
Buenos Ayres Bonds.
(nnan Bonds, IS per at.., —
Colombian Bonds
Dine, 1824 3l+ 48
Danish S per cent. 63.i%
Greek Bonds

Ditto, 1826
Guatemala
Mexican Bonds
Do. 1825 RN%
