MIDDLESEX ELECTION DINNER.

Tbrating tine Ali. e Election of .S. ,
Tv HITBREAD, took place at
the Mm eari
the Anniversary Dinner for cele-
--ickney. The large room was crowded
in every part. At five Velock, the Chair was taken by Mr.
SHAW LEnEVRT, 'UPPatledby Mr. Byng, and Mr. Whitbread
eesrtdda Ty the
(the Members for the county), Mr. Hume, Mr. Hobhouse,
Mr. H. Grey Bennet, Rke.fltlerman Wood, and a considerable
number of the Freeholders' of,the County.
After the cloth was removed,
the CHAIR:wax gave the health
of the " King, and may he never forget the principles which
seated his family on the Throne."--Three times three.
" The Duke of York, and the rest of the Royal Family."
" The Army and Navy."
The CHAtitatAw said, it became his duty to propose a toast
more immediately concerned with the object of their present
meeting. They had lately heard so much of the popularity of
Ministers, and the decline of the attachment of the people for
the great question of Parliamentary Reform, that it was time
to point out the use which had been made of that state of
apathy respecting their rights, which had marked their transi-
tion
from a time of distress to a state of comparative comfort,
arising from the progress of their own industry. He was proud,
however, to find, from the crowded state of the room on this
day, that the Freeholders of Middlesex were at least free
from such an apathy, and were still prepared to rally round
their principles.—(theers.)—He was, he repeated, glad to
find them still the same consistent reformers who had at the
last election re-established the independence of their county.
(Applause.) With respect to the popularity of ministers, he
would not say that it was altogether undeserved, so far as they
claimed credit for a departure from those narrow and illiberal
feelings which had so long characterized the general system of
their administration. He also thought the people indebted to
them for their reduction of taxation, small as it had been ; but
to much more were the people of England entitled, before they
either would or ought to be satisfied.—( Hear !)—The "Ministers
must also depart largely from their old and bad political predi-
lections--their alien bills, and their unconstitutional alliance
with foreign despots, who were leagued against the liberties of
mankind—before they could hope to obtain the confidence of
the people.—(llear, hear ! )—Of what use, however, were any
concessions, so long as the great question of Parliamentary re-
form was wanting to give them permanent and steady effect.
(Hear!)—They must remember that the government had still
" a giant's strength, although they might not use it as a giant."
So long, then, as the question of reform was not pressed, exact-
lv as long had the people no security against the recurrence of
the measures and the oppressive taxation which had so lately
weighed them down, and disgraced them in the eyes of the
world. During war and during distress, when they called for.
Parliamentary reform, they were answered " This is not the
time." Now then, when no excuse on the point of tithe could
possibly he urged, they ought to come forward and firmly call for
the attainment of their favourite rid most essential object, with-
out which they could have no security for the enjoyment of those
rights which their constitution warranted. They ought to show
the Government that they did not conceive themselves "born
with saddles on their backs, or that any others were born with
spurs en to ride with them." The Chairman strongly enforced
the necessity of reform, and lamented the absence of some of
its most distinguished supporters, particularly Lord Nugent,
and Sir Robert Wilson—sawn entitled to their warmest good
wishes, and who had, at the greatest personal sacrifices, evinced
their attachment to the cause of liberty on a late unfortunate oc-
c als n eirieng
awa would recollect, that when they last
met awaiting an impending contest for the
o there,
eo—rwe(:ol theyf i)
ap cli adurs
w)...._fhe freeholders whom he had the ho-
nour
e.
liberties of Spain. The two individuals whom he had named,
had generously and chivalrously devoted themselves to that sa-
cred cause. They were men
who were above the rewards of
despots or the frowns of Power,
and who carried with them what
the honours of tyrants could not confer—the satisfaction of their
own consciences and the gratitude of all free-born men.—
(Cheers.)-11 e concluded
byproposing the healths of " Mr.
Byng and Mr. Samuel Charlesp Whitbread."
The healths of the county
Mr. BYWO, in Members were drank with loud
applause.
returning thanks, said that at all times he
felt a difficulty
.of acknowledging, in any rising like suitable
terms, the gratitude he felt to his constituents for their inva-
riable attachment during the long course of his 30 years' ser-
vice. He could confidently assure them that on all occasions
his anxious and unabated desire was to serve them and not
himself.—(Applause.)--Their local interests and the general
interests of the people had been the daily objects of his solicitude,
and would continue to be so as long as he was honoured with
their confidence. Of all the questions' which could be agitated,
none so vitally concerned them as parliamentary reform ; for
until the people recovered that share in the election of their re-
presentatives which of right belonged to them, they could have
no security for the real enjoyment and security of their liberties.
He wished he could congratulate them on a greater reduction of
taxation this season. The Minister, however, preferred mak-
ing an experiment in principles of trade, rather than what he
(Mr. Byng) should have preferred —a reduction in taxation.—
knew, was not well received by those of
That experiment, he
his constituents who were connected with the silk trade ; how-
,
, ever, it was due to Ministers to say, that many eminent gentle-
men, not of their party, concurred with them in opinion_ that the
trade of the country ought to be thrown open. He hoped, that
ultimately
athe experiment would be successful; and that next
year further and more adequate reduction of taxation would
On this, and on all occasions, he
could u
ts that they might rely on a continu-
a
ts n
e c
ae
obafrsdhs afforded
sri
assure
tounabated
suteni
fltturbyer
constituents
to
promote the welfare of their cons-
' mon country—(Applause.)
Mr. WHITBREAD said, that he appeared before them for
the fifth time to return thanks for such a compliment as the
present. H could assure them that these marks of attention
because more deeply marked upon his mind by repetition. lie
stood before them now, after four years' experience, and was
not therefore now called upon to make professions ; they had
his conduct before them, and he was ready to abide the issue
of their scrutiny, not with fear, but with satisfaction.—(Hear !)
—He must contend, that the change of the conduct of the Mi-
nisters, was to be mainly attributed to the efforts of a few inde-
pendent Members of Parliament, who insisted upon having
Justice done to the country.--(Hear, hear !)__What security,
however, had the people for a continuance of the moderation of
Ministers ? None until the great question of a Reform in Par-
liament was carried into effect: he would not enter into the
particular kind of Reform which the necessities of the country
required, but an adequate Reform was called for, and the
longer it was delayed, the more imperative would it be de-
manded by the people. Upon that great question his opinions
remained unchanged.—(Applause.)—The people had a sight
to a real and not a nominal representation. Ile concluded by
re-assuring them of his warm attachment to those principles
which had gained for him their support, and concluded by
proposing—" A speedy and substantial Reform of the Repre-
sentatives of the People."
The CHAIRMAN next proposed the health of Sir F. Burdett,
Mr. Hobhouse, and the Electors of Westminster, which was
drank with three times three.

Mr. HonrrousE, in rising to return thanks, apologized for
the absence of Sir Francis Burdett, who was detained in the
country, and said that from the Metropolitan County, the peo-
ple had for ages had received excellent lessons of Reform, and
always found amongst them the best example of good princi-
ple, when opposed by the most combined eflbrts of power.
This was one of the occasions when an honest Representative
of the people felt a proud exultation at meeting his constitu-
ents, and asserting those principles of freedom which the coun-
try hoped soon to see realised, and which were inseparable
from true greatness. He thanked them for crowning by their
approbation, not the little that he did, but the little which he
attempted. As to his Hon. colleague (Sir Francis llurdett),
he was known too well in that county to require his eulogy.
While upon his legs, he could not help complaining of some
allusion to the growing popularity of Ministers, by his Hon.
Friend (the Chairman). Where was it manifested? He pro-
tested he saw no such appearances: it teas true that they were
not assbad as the former Ministers, for thump.* impossible--(a
laugh),—bus he believed that they participated in the tame

deep-rooted opposition to popular rights ; they were the same
Ministers who had passed gagging bills, suspension and in-
demnity bills, alien bills, and who formed a part of the ma-
chinery of the infamous miscalled system of the " Holy Alli-
ance."—(Applause.)--He iasisted that these Ministers, though
not quite so bad as others, were equally opposed to the great
question of reform, without which it was in vain to hope for
safety. He warmly urged the necessity of the people standing
by their real Representatives in the promotion of popular
rights. The Hon. Member, after dwelling again upon the ab-
solute necessity of their having a House of Commons, not
chosen by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, but by the country
at large, repeated. in warm terms, his recommendation that
they should not cease to call for the restitution of those rights
which alone could afford them any chance of real security.—
(Applause.)
the health of " Mr. Alder-
man Wood and the citizens of London."—Three times three.
The CliAtastAx next proposed
Mr. Alderman Woon, in returning thanks for the honour 1
which they had done him, assured them of his cordial support i
of the principles the success of which, they had assembled to
commemorate. He was delighted to hear the sentiments which
had been uttered by his Hon. Friends who had preceded him.
He was ready to give credit to Ministers for whatever good they
had done, although he entirely admitted that nothing would be
satisfactorily concluded for the people, until a reform in Par-
liament was carried into complete effect.—(Applause.)—The
worthy Alderman then thanked them for the good opinion
which they entertained of his fellow-citizens, and expressed the
cordial pleasure lie should always feel in giving his best assist-
ance to promote the interests of the people at large, in which
the freeholders of the county of Middlesex were so deeply in-
terested.—(A pplause.)
The CHAIRMAN next proposed the health of " the Hon. H.
Grey Bennet," whose public conduct, he said, well deserved
their warmest approbation.—Three times three.
Mr. 11. G. BENNET, in returning thanks, said that he could
feel no greater pleasure than meeting his rother Freeholders
in the county of Middlesex, whose present excellent Rrepre-
sentatives had uniformly supported those principles upon
which alone the welfare of the country could safely repose.—
He was of little use to the Freeholders of their county, but
their example was of great use to the empire at large.—(Ap-
plause.)--With respect to any apparent improvement in the
Government, he could not concur in the merit ascribed to the
recent proceedings of the Ministers, who, after governing as
long as they could upon bad principles, were at length driven
from them by the voice of public improvement, and obliged to
resort to a sounder system of conduct, after experience had ex-
ploded their previous one which had been so lamentably perni-
cious. For a long time the Parliament of this country had ex-
hibited the spectacle of a contest between the advocates of free-
dom and the promoters of slavery ; and of late a small change
had taken place in a part of the system of the old opponents of
popular right. Was it for that the people had reason to
rejoice ? What steps, lie would ask, had these Ministers taken
to get rid of those opprobrious laws which had so long dis-
graced the Statute Book ? Had they not continued many of
the odious Acts which so long deprived the people of their con-
stitutional rights ? Had they not continued the infamous Alien
Act, and the scandalous connexion with the confederated des-
pots who trampled on the liberties of the Continent ?—(flear !)
—For whatever little change had of late taken place in the
ministerial policy, not the Ministers, but the people were to be
praised.--(Hear !)--Let the people then proceed onwards, and
press their claims, and they must, like the gradual pressure of
the human foot upon granite, succeed ultimately in making
that impression which could not fail in securing to them the
enjoyment of those privileges from which they had so long
been unjustly debarred. The people ought to send petition
after petition until they operated upon the house of Commons;
for if they acted with firmness and perseverance, it would be
in vain to oppose the recognition of claims which truth and jus-
tice sanctioned.—(Applause.)—He hoped that the freeholders
of Middlesex would take the lead in the great question of Re-
form, for through its success alone could they expect to attain
security for the future: indemnity for the past, he asked not,
for that was impossible. The longer he lived, the less he hoped
from a Parliament constituted like the present : the same
changes which the present Ministers were conducting' amid the
deafening commendatory shouts of the followers, were with
the same cheers and by the same men resisted, and the same
Ministers encouraged in resisting them, when they were pro-
posed two years ago from the opposite of the House.—(Hear,
hear !) Wliat, then, could be expected from such a system?
The people wanted an honest Parliament to check and controul
the Government in the expenditure of the public money—to
speak the language of the people, and not to bow to the beck
and nod of corrupt power, but to take the public interests
on the only true basis on which they could safely rest—the
approbation of the country, and the affections of the people.
The CHAIRMAN next proposed the health of " Alr. Hume."

times three.
Mr. II u ME said, that he hoped he felt as he ought the man-
ner in which they had received the toast from the chair, and
which far exceeded any claim he had upon their approbation,
for supporting the principles to which they had so invariably
and so honourably adhered. It always gave him pleasure to
meet large bodies of his fellow-countrymen, and to impress
upon them, as strongly as possible, the necessity of promoting
to the utmost of their power a Parliamentary Reform : without
that, he agreed with his Hon. Friends, there could be no ulti-
mate hope for the country. Until the people had a full share
in the elections of those who were to tax them, and regulate the
laws which governed their lives and property, it was in vain to
boast of their freedom, or refer to their venerated constitution.
—(Hear, hear !)—lt was true in theory that they had a repre-
sentative Government, but he must deny that the people at large
were any thing like fairly represented in the Commons House
of Parliament. To set a large value, therefore, upon any appa-
rently liberal measure of the Government until the people were
put in possession of their just rifhts, would be a mere mockery
of their unprotected situation. fhe Hon. Member then took a
view of the financial measures of the present Government within
the last five or six years, and though Parliament had been
changed, and ministerial alterations partially effected, still he
contended that the system of government continued substan-
tially the same, and was at variance with the interests of the
people; millions of useless expenditure had been, and still con-
tinued to be, squandered; a standing army of 80,000 men was
in time of peace still maintained ; and though some slight in-
dications of yielding a reduction of public expenditure were
visible, yet he saw no hope, unless the people put their shoul-
ders to the wheel, of compelling the Ministers to economize on
that scale which the necessities of the country so justly de-
manded. He trusted that the county of Middlesex would take
the lead in calling for a reform in Parliament and a reduction of
the public expence. Let them not mind the asserted apathy of
others. Let them once act, and they might rely on being fol-
lowed by the rest of the country. His plan was, in the House
of Commons, to do his duty manfully and fearlessly—happy if
he succeeded, and not depressed if he failed.—(Applause.)—
Let them do the same, and they must eventually succeed.—
(Hear, hear !)—The Ministers would then be driven from their
fast hold of extravagant estimates, and obliged to yield to the
wishes of the people. He disliked half measures, and was
therefore the more anxious to see the people firmly and consti-
tutionally pursuing the attainment of their just rights. He
concluded by congratulating them on the character which they
upheld in the country, and upon the consistent and patriotic
conduct of their present worthy representatives.—(Applause.)
Mr. l3rsrt3 proposed the health of their excellent Chairman.
C The HAIRMAN, in returning thanks, defended himself
from the imputation cast upon him by his Hon. Friend (Mr.
Hobhouse), of praising Ministers for their reduction of taxa-
tion. He appealed to the Meeting, whether the tenour of his
speech was not to caution the people from giving too much credit
to Ministers for the little they had done when so much remained
uhnoticed.—(Hear, hear !)—But his Hon. Friend could do any
thing with his ingenuity, and in this instance, when speaking
of him, had made the most of a bad subject.—( Loud laughter.)
Several other toasts were given in the course of the evening,
and the company broke up at a late hour, after paying a warm
tribute to their Representatives.

A General Meeting of the Subscribers to
LLOYD'S was held yesterday to receive the regular half-yearly
Report. After the usual routine a vote of 2001. to the Society
for the preservation of lives in cases of shipwreck along the
coast was proposed and carried. Several sums of 201. and 251.
were then voted to the boatmen of Deal and other ports, for
services rendered to merchant vessels in distress, tic.
SILK TRADE.—lntimation has just been re-
ceived at the Custom-house, that there is no objection to seve-
ral small holders of silk, anti silk-manufacturers, uniting and
depositing their joint property, amounting to the whole to a
quantity not less than 300Ibs. weight, to be deposited in ware..
houses to thenarae of as►e yam, at ono sad Ike . mins time._

PRICE SEvExPEnt.

ASSIZE INTKLIA-GENCE..:

'YORK, iteneff t 9.
WHitAkite. ANT) ANOTHER V. MALLINSON.

This was an action for recovery of a‘sniali
debt. -The pa4ticulars were not of any public
iuteresto

Mr. ScaaraTT was for the defendant, and on
cross-examining one of the 'plaintiff's vritnesies,
he asked him—Have you a good memory I—l
hare not.

Are you alive ?—I believe I am.
Why do you say believe. Hare you any doubt
about it ?—Well, I don't know, I am sure. lent
alive to all appearance.(Loud laughter.)
Mr. SOARLETT then addressed the Jury, and
said.----" Before I go into the circumstances of
this defence, allow me to say a word or two for
myself, as you might be alarmed at my appear..
ance here. Permit me to assure you I did not die an
Thursday night last (loud laughter); or if I did
die on that night, and if indeed on the two-fol-
lowing days I appeared in this Court on the part
of my clients, as an apparitionf permit me now to
assure you, I revived yesterday (laughter); and
that I now address you in better health than I
have been in for the last week." The Learned
Gentleman then contended against the plaintiff's
demand.— Verdict for the plaintiff.

CORONERS' INQUESTS..

INQUEST ON COUNT SCHULENBOURG:

Yesterday afternoon at half-past two o'clockf
a most respectable Jury assembled at the One Tun Inn, Chan-.
dos-street, Covent-garden, before 'l'. Moos, Esq., Deputy
Coroner, to inquire into the cause of the death of the above
named distinguished Hanoverian. On the Jury being, sworn
they repaired to the Count's apartments to view the body. On
their return the following evidence was entered into a—
Mr. James Wilcox, wine-merchant, of Ilishopsgate-street
Without, stated, that he about three weeks since, at about four
o'clock in the afternoon, was passing through Chandos-street,
when he perceived a gentleman's carriage coining in the dime,-
don from St. Martin's-lane, and nearly at the same moment
the deceased attempted,. anSindeed was crossing the road, and
was knocked down by either the pole or horses, which went over
him, as did the first wheels. Witness called out, and the coach-
man immediately pulled up ; there were some ladies in the coach:
—On the witness seeing him down, the hind-wheels were very
near his head; he was instantly released, and was found to be
insensible; he was carried into the shop of Mr. Morris. The
witness is of opinion not the slightest blame is attached to this
coachman.

Juror—Did you desire him to drive on ?
Witneas-31erely to release the body ; the man seemed in--
dined to remain ; he appeared shocked at the accident ; origiv-
ing his master's address he was suffered to proceed.
It appeared from the evidence of 111 r. Morris that the deceas..
ed lingered until the Tuesday following, when he died.
After the examination of several witnesses the Inqueit watt
adjourned, in order to obtain the attendance of the foonnan.whp
was with the carriage.
