THE GREEK CHIEFTAIN, COLOCOTRONI.

COLOCOTRONI, one of the most spirited and ce-
lebrated of the present Greek Chieftains, is the son of a famous
leader of mountain Keftis (or robbers), as the Turks call them,
who avenged upon the Albanians the atrocities which that
savage people inflicted on the unfortunate Greeks, when the
latter were deserted by the Russians in 1779. To avoid
the loss of Greece, the Turks, who were then warmly en-
gaged in carrying on the war against Russia in another
quarter, let in upon the Morea 70,000 Albanians, who
carried fire and sword wherever they went ; all the inha-
bitants who could not gain the mountains were massacred.
Being deserted, and left defenceless by the Russians who
had incited them to revolt, the Greeks were hunted like
wild beasts, and threatened with utter extermination. Cities
were overthroWn, and the Turks, perceiving the loss which they
would sustain by this devastation, endeavoured to check the
fury of the Albanian hordes, but the latter refused submission
to the mandate, and revolted. The famous Hassan Pacha,
when sent to reduce them, found that it would be impossible
to conquer such redoubtable bands without the aid of the other
mountaineers, and he called to arms the Greeks who had es-
caped to the mountains, furnished them with ammunition, and
swore to pardon their last revolt, on condition of their join-
ing him against the Albanians. It was then that Colocotroni
the elder the most famous of the Greek mountaineers, made
the summits of Menelaus resound with the cry of war, and that
the Keftis burst forth from their rocky fastnesses, and sought
vengeance on the " Albanian wolves." They exterminated
whole races of that savage people. A song still extant repre-
sents the suffering and terror of the Albanians, when pursued
by the indefatigable Colocotroni ; sinking with exhaustion, and
a prey to despair, they stopped on the banks of the Erynites,
and exclaimed, " 0, terrible Christians, let the brave drink,
and kill them afterwards."
The victorious Colocotroni was invited by the Turks to a
feast. He had saved the finest of their provinces, and in the midst
of thefestivity he reminded them of the brilliant promises which
they had made in the time of danger, and by so doing he roused
their jealousy. He was perfidiously seized, loaded with irons,
and put to death with the most horrible tortures. His three
sons, of whom Theodore, the Greek Chieftain, was one,
being then a youth, escaped to the mountains, and soon became
leaders of a daring mountain band, which hurled vengeance on
their father's murderers. Theodore was the most daring and
enterprising, and he frequently executed the Most dreadful and
indiscriminate retaliation ; he surprised and massacred all the
Turkish inhabitants of whole villages. He had never been taught
pity or mercy by
.the Turks, and he never practised either. His
warfare was particularly directed against the petty district ty-
rants; he surprised the agas of the villages, and the governors
of small towns, whom he put to the sword, nor did he spare
their families, or any of that race which he so much hated. Af-
ter having given up the place to plunder, he usually reduced
it to ashes, and then returned to the mountain fastnesses with
his spoil before any of the Turkish soldiery could arrive.—
To guard against these incursions of the Keftis, the Turks
erected in each town and village a sort of• citadel, which is
called a Pyrgos, on the same plan as the ancient baronial
castles, having moats, drawbridges, and loop-holes, from which
they could fire on the assailants ; some of these pyrgos are so
strongly built, as to withstand artillery. They were invariably
the abodes of the Pacha, and the depositaries of his treasures.

The Turks, however, in such places, were often in a state of
siege; communication was cut off between district and district,
or could only be kept up by a very strong force, which was fre-
quently harassed by a handful of mountaineers, who lay in wait
for it, scattered death amongseehe Ottoman ranks, as they wound
through the defiles, and sometimes obliged them to abandon
their baggage. At length the Turks found it necessary to make
everysacrifice of blood and treasure to reducethese mountaineers,
of whom the Colocotronis were the leaders, and a number
of dreadful conflicts took place, in which the Turks were un-
successful. What they could not gain by force, they at last
partially obtained by bribery and treachery. They promised
pardon and rewards to the Colocotronis', and two of them,
having ventured to rely on these promises, were treacherously
seized and beheaded. Theodore, who escaped, got away to the
island of Zente, where he enteral into the British service, and
served nearly 4 years as a Lieutenant, and subsequently as
Captain of an Albanian regiment. It is related of him, that
from that island he often turned his fierce aspect towards the
blue tops of the mountains of Menelaus, and sorrowfully ex_
claimed, Will the days of battle never return ? shall the gun
of Colocotroni no more make the caverns of the Peloponnesus
resound with the echo of its thunder ?"
He acquired additional military knowledge in the English
service, and appeared destined to perform a principal part in the
scenes which were preparing in Greece. Towards the latter
end of 1020, he landed at the port of Karacos, with seven men
from Zante, and gained the mountains. The celebrity of his
name induced the bravest of the mountuineers to join his stand-
', and and they soon spread revolt throughout the whole country,
in conjunction with the agents of the Greek priesthood, who had
spread themselves abroad for that purpose.
Colocotroni is now fifty-nine years of age, and he has pre-
served all the activity which is necessary flir the leader of a
band of mountaineers. In person he is tall and well-made; he
has a haggard and sun-burnt visage sunken-eyes, with a fixed
piercing, and determined lcole, a large sharp aquiline nose, an
enormous pair of black mustachios, black hair, hanging in
long lank locks from under a small blood-red cap, which covers
one side of his head. Ile wears the mountain dress of Greece,
the " snowy camese, and shaggy capote," (i. e. a white
kilt, and a white ftir cloak), with pistols and a sabre, and
always marches with his hand upon one of the pistols
in his belt: He is one of the most remarkable characters
racters that modern times have produced. His mind in some
measure corresponds with his exterior ; he inherits all the
daring and indefatigable bravery of his father, with a rooted
sense of his wrongs, and a hatred of tyranny. He is impatient
of controul, unhesitating in the expression of his sentiments,
and, independently of ail command, has generally fought with
his band.
Colocotroni has been generally at the head of nearly 3,000
men, who have fought bravely, though irregularly, against the
enemies of their country. They frequently would not concede
to the regular troops the post of honour in mounting the breach
when a tower was to be taken by storm. But it must be con.
fessed, that this right .was marts-frequently claimed from the
hopes of being first to share the plunder, than from their being
ambitious of the glory to be derived frOm it. Colocotroni, like
most others of his countrymen, is tainted with the vice of ava-
rice, but his passion fur gold has never counteracted his love for
his country.
When the Greeks besieged Tripolizza, several Turkish
Officers came out of that city and went to his tent with pre-
sents. Two of them advanced, and threw themselves on
their knees to kiss the earth at his feet, according to the orien.
tal custom. " What means this to me ?" said lie; " keep
these degrading marks of slavery for your Pachas, hut speak
to me standing, like men." The Envoys then placed be.
fore him vases of precious stones, which they had brought
with them for his acceptance. " See these asses' heads,
who scarcely give themselves the trouble of shaving," said
the rough Chieftain to them, in derision. "What, infidels !
do you expect to move me by your gifts ? Know that
this is not an affair of Keftis (banditti); we fight for
the safety and happiness of millions of men, whose fate we are
about to decide. Take back your presents, then : I love
money (why should I disown it ?) yes, I love it, but I will
gain it with my sabre—l will take these riches in Tripolizza."
—After the dreadful scene of the.storming of that place, where
few who were of the Turkish race escaped the vengeance of the
Greeks, not less than 50 mules were laden with his share of the
' spoil.
He is not like others of the Greeks, implicitly submissive to
the Clergy. On one occasion, when a debate took place be.
tween the Leaders of the Army, the Bishop of Patras inter-
posed, but was speedily silenced by Colocotroni, who bade him
confine himself to the affairs of his Church, and sent him out
of the tent.
A female once begged of Colocotroni to perform some favour,
and throwing herself at his feet, said, " My Lord, render me
that service, and I will be your slave." " Weak woman,"
cried lie, starting up, " we fight for liberty, and thou would'st
be my slave !"
After he had acquired considerable riches at the capture
of Tripolizza, his views enlarged with his success, and from
being, on his first arrival in the Peloponnesus, the dreaded
Captain of the most numerous band, with whom riches
were apparently the soleobject, his ambition aspired to the
office of Generalissimo of the Peloponnesus, which was also
claimed by illavrocordato. The new government, embarrassed
by their conflicting interests, tried to balance them. Coloco-
troni openly expressed his discontent at finding his services, as
be conceived, not duly appreciated, and from that time fought
as an independent chieftain.
In a conversation which he had with an European Officer, lie
said to hint, " Who are these new men arrived to-day in
Greece, who have engrossed all power, and who would
give us laws ? What are their rights to command us ?
Ts it because they have gained in Europe knowledge
that is refused -to the inhabitants of this unfortunate land
It is not with choice language, and softer manners, that we shall
free ourselves. It is by steel, and by that bravery and expe-
rience which we have acquired through severe trials in our
mountains, in times when they were enjoying all the refine-
ments of civilization."

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

ADULTERATED SUGAR.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.—The investigations which have
lately taken place at the Mansion-house, and the publication of
Mr. Clarke's very satisfactory and decisive analysis of salted
sugars, seems to have put the consumers of that favourite ar-
ticle of food upon the qui rive in the West End of the town, as
well as in the City.
Yesterday two men, employed in the copper-manufactory of
Mr. Munyard, No. 90, Wardour-street, Soho, came to this
Office, and stated to Mr. (.o.wANT, the Sitting Magistrate, that
the greater number of the men who work at Mr. Munyard's,
about 25 persons, have been for some time in the habit of pur-
chasing sugar for their breakfasts, at the shop of a certain gro-
cer in Broad-street, and frequently after the use of it many of 1
' them have been severely afflicted in the bowels, and sometimes
i so much so, that they have been obliged to go iome from their
work, and remain away for three days together ; they have also, .
after breakfast, been subject to extreme thirst, for which they
have been totally at a loss to account, until within these few
days that they have seen in the papers the opinion of Mr.
Clarke, the chemist, as to the component parts of the generality
of soft sugar now on sale. This at once flashed conviction on
their minds as to the cause of their thirst and illness, and yes-
terday morning the applicants went to the same shop, and pur-
chased the sugar they now produced (here a basin of very fine-
looking sparkling sugar was handed to the Magistrate), and
took it direct to .Mr. Joyce, an operative chemist, the successor
to Mr. Accum, in Compton-street, Soho; and this gentleman,
after analyzing a part of the sugar, declared it to contain a large
portion of salt, which indeed, he said, was quite evident to the
taste even. Mr. Conant and many other persons in the Office
now tasted this sugar, which to the eye had a very inviting ap-
pearance, and found almost instantaneously that some very
strong saline matter was mixed with it, and the applicants said
they had often.perceived that sort of taste, but could never sus-
pect salt to be mixed with sugar until it had been proved by
Mr. Clarke. _ .

Mr. CONANT said, it was clear that there was salt mixed
with the sugar, fpr it was not only evident by the taste. but the
particles of salt could actually be picked out of it ; (Here the
Magistrate produced several particles of salt, which he had that
moment selected from the mass of sugar). He said, however,
that although he did not doubt but the chymist had given the
opinion of the sugar which they had heard stated; yet before he
would do so serious an injury to a tradesman as the publicity of
a charge like this must inflict upon his interests, he should pre-
fer hearing from Mr. Joyce (the chymist) himself, his judg-
ment as to the quality of this sugar, and he should therefore
send to request the attendance of that gentleman.
Mr. CoNAwr accordingly wrote a note to request Mr..loyce
would come for a few minutes to the office, and at the same
time sent one of the messengers of the office to purchase some
of the sugar at the shop in question, and to desire the attendance
also of the shopkeeper. In a few minutes Mr. Joyce attended,
and the messenger who purchased the sugar, but the shopkeeper
was not at home, but he was expected in in a short time, and as
soon as he returned, his young man would send him down.
All the parties waited some time, but the shopkeeper not ap-
pearing, and it not being convenient to Mr. Joyce to stay longer,
the Magistrate requested his opinion of the sugar which he had
sent to purchase.
Mr. Joyce said, on tasting it, that it was precisely the same
as he had analysed that morning by the desire of the two young
men present, and it contained, undoubtedly, a large proportion
of salt.

-.-..
Mr.. CONANT.—HOW much salt, in proportion to sugar, do
you believe it contains, Mr. Joyce ?—Mr. Joyce.—l do not
like to say exactly.
Mr. CONAN T.—Does it contain one-fifth part of salt ?—Mr.
Joyce.-011, more than that.
Does it contain one-fourth ?-1 should think it does at least
full one-fourth.
Mr, CONANT said, that it tasted as,if pickle had been poured
upon it.
The applicants said that perhaps there had, for the person of
whom they bought it sold bacon, pickled pork, &c., as well as
sugar.
Mr. Joyce, after smiling at the idea of the sugar-carte being
impregnated with salt in any thing like the proportion discover-
ed to be in this mixture, retired.
He had not long left the office, when Mr. Blake, of Broad-
street, the retailer of the sugar in question, entered, and being
told by the Magistrate that there was a complaint against some
sugar purchased of him, as having salt mixed with it.
Mr. Blake smiled in apparent security, and with the utmost
confidence in what he had to say, observed, oh, this is the old
affair. I should have thought that the satisfactory explana-
tion given by. on extensive sugar merchant the.day before yes-
terday would Alive satisfied every body, when he cleae:y proved
that this saltish taste arises from the land on which the sugar
'is grown. I know that some of my sugar has a little of a salt
taste, and that, is exactly the cause of it. This sugar (tasting
it) has a little Of that brakish taste, but to talk of salt being
mixed with it, the thing is ridiculous.
" Softly, softly," said Mr. CoarasiT, " not quite so ridicu-
lous as you may imagine ; perhaps you are not aware that
this sugar of your's has been analysed this morning by a chy-
mist, and found to contain one-quarter part of pure salt." .
" Oh ! has it indeed," said Mr. Blake, " I did not know
that ; but I can only say that if it was all salt, I purchased it
from the people I deal with in the city precisely as it is."
Mr. CONANT inquired who it was in the city he purchased
his sugar of, or at least this sugar ?
Mr. Blake said this was a mixed sugar.
44 Yes, indeed," said Mr. CONANT, " I believe it is."
" I mean," said Mr. Blake, " it is of two kinds of sugar
mixed together, one of which is so dark coloured and heavy a
sugar that it is scarcely salelable by itself, and that sugar it is,
I believe, which gives the saline taste. It is a sort of sugar
that comes from China, and has only very lately been at all
imported to this country, and is a very convenient sugar for
retailers."—(A laugh.)
" 1 believe it is very convenient, indeed," said Mr. CONANT.
" I see no cause at all to sneer or laugh," said Mr. Blake,
looking at one of the complainants. "I do believe that it is
nothing more, after all, than the taste of the matting in which
this sugar is brought from China, for it is not, like other sugar,
imported either in hogsheads or bags, but in rnatts."—(A
laugh.)
" Then you say," said Mr. CONANT, "that you sell this
sugar as you purchase it in the city."
" Most certainly I do;" said Mr. Blake.
44 Then," said 111 r. CONANT, " I think you are bound to
inform the public who it is that sells you sugar containing one
quarter salt; and before you name any respectable house in
the sugar trade, you should recollect well whether this sugar
is precisely in the same state now, in point of salt, as when you
purchased it."
Mr. Blake declared that it was exactly in the same state, 1
except having mixed one sugar with another. He said that he
purchases all his sugars .of Messrs. Sewell and Gillard, in
Lower-Thanieti-street ; of Mr. Powell, .57, Bishopsgate-street-
without ; of Mr. Gray, in the same street ; and of Messrs.
Fox and Price. The greater part of the sugar now complained
of, he believed, lie had of Mr. Powell, for there were complaints
made of it before.
" Then," said Mr. Coreasur " this is not the first time that
you .have heard complaints made of your sugar, and yet you go 1
on selling it, instead of returning it to the person of whom you
purchased it, stating the complaint to li,r i." •
Mr. Blake said, that all the complaint lie ever heard was,
that it was a little selfish in the taste ; and he did mention that
complaint to Mr. Powell, even so late as Monday last ; hut lie
attributed it to the real cause—the ground on which the sugar-
cane was grown.
" Then," answered Mr. CONANT, " you seem still of opi-
nion that there is no salt at all mixed with it."
‘4 That is my opinion," said Mr Blake, " because I say.it
is impossible for salt and sugar to' co-operate together.' Only
just think of a man mixing salt and sugar together—the thing
could not be done--the salt would be salt, and the sugar would
be sugar."
" And so salt is salt," said Mr. Cosrawr, " as I shall just
prove it to be." Here the Magistrate, without any difficulty,
picked out a large crystal of salt from the sugar, in his pre.
sence, and asked Mr. Blake to taste; which he did, and, dis-
charging it very soon from his mouth said, "That bit certain-
ly has rather a saltish sort of a taste, I must own."
Mr. CONANT said, that Mr. Blake and every one else must
be convinced, from the experiment of Mr. Joyce, that the su-
gar did, in fact, contain one-fourth of salt mixed With it. It
was true, to be sure, that Mr. Joyce said the salt he found
was of the bens quality; but, . independently of the injury 1
to the health of the people, this was a dreadful fraud upon
the public, occurring somewhere, the weight of salt being
so very considerable, as compared with sugar, and purchase-
able at three farthing a pound. It was therefore most discre-
ditable to any tradesman to sell such an article ; and the least
Mr. Blake could do would be to return the money to these
young men, and-return the rest of the sugar to the person of
whom he bought it.
The young men who complained said, they cared nothing
about die money—it was for the public good they brought the
case forward.
Mr. Blake said, he would certainly send back to Mr. Powell
and the others all he had left 'of this sugar, and sell no more of
it ; and he was obliged to the Magistrate for sending for him to
explain, as lie hoped he had done satisfactorily.

LOVE ANDDESPAI,R.
Bow-STREET.—Yesterday F,inilius Brandam, a French-
man of the Jewish persuasion, who described himself as a
teacher of languages, was brought before Sir B. BIRNIE,
charged with attempting to shoot Miss Jane Brown, a young
lady of considerable personal attractions, who attended in pro.

prig persona, accompanied by her friends, to prefer the com,.
plaint. It appeared that the fair prosecutrix is residing with
the Revd. Hallifield Gascoyne O'Donaghoo and his lady, at
their house in Lordship-lane, Tottenham, and that the defend-
ant having occasionally called to give her instructions in French,
he became enamoured of her, and latterly he was received
with encouragement in the character of an avowed lover. His
attentions to her were ardent and unremitting ; his vows of
unalterable love and adoration equally fervent and unceasing ;
and, if his own account of himself was to be implicitly be-
lieved, he was all that was just - and honourable. Both par-
ties were looking forward in eager anticipation of the bliss that
was to attend them when their destines should be eternally
united, when, all at once—it did not appear how—Miss Brown
made the dreadful discovery that _Monsieur limilius Brandam
was already married to another, and that other was still in
the land of the living. This discovery was communicated to
l:im without delay. He was thunderstruck, but denied the
fact " upon his honour." He said that to be sure he had form-
ed a sort of a contract with another lady at Jersey, but that he
considered that contract not at all binding, and that he was at
liberty to enter into the marriage-state with any lady at any
time. The Jersey lady, however, was found out, and her ac-
count of the " contract," as Monsieur Brandam termed it,
was such as, leaving the moral obligation out of the question,
convinced the Reverend Mr. Donaghoo, Miss Brown's protec-
tor, that a second marriage would be decidedly illegal. She
therefore dismissed him altogether, and on Thursday last some
books and other matters which she had received from him as
presents were returned to him. In the afternoon of the same
day, the defendant made his appearance at Mr. Donaghoo's
house, and requested an interview with Miss Brown. The
request was complied with, and he was ushered into a par-
lour in which that young lady was sitting with Mr. and Mrs.
Donaghoo. He conversed for some moments on indifferent
subjects, and with apparent coolness, but Miss Brown, who
observed him very attentively, thought she saw " mischief in
his eye," and moreover she perceived that he kept one hand
under lis coat, as if concealing something there. She became
alarmed, and ran up stairs, followed Mrs. Donaghoo. The de-
fendant then became enraged, and Mr. Donaghoo found it ne-
cessary to endeavour to get him out of the house. With some per-
suasion he consented to go, and left the parlour, as Mr. Donag.
hoo supposed, to quit the house, but he turned sharply round
and ran up stairs. He there obtruded himself into the bed-room
where Mrs. Donaghoo anti Miss Brown had retreated, and
drawing a double-barrelled pistol from his coat, he presented
it at the breast of the latter lady. Mrs. Donaghoo, uttering a
loud scream, sprang forward, and dashed the pistol aside, and
Miss Brown escaped from the room, and ran up another flight
of stairs. Mr. Donaghoo, on hearing the noise, hastened up
stairs, and found his wife holding the defendant by the arms.
He seized him, and with the assistance of a female servant,
got him upon the ground, and after a desperate struggle, suc-
ceeded in wresting the pistol from him. Mr. Donaghoo, with
very good judgment, kept Monsieur Brandam on the floor
with the full weight of his own portly person upon him until
the servant fetched a horse patrol, living hard by, to whom
the defendant was given in charge. The pistol was found
to have both barrels loaded with ball, and primed. The pa-
trol searched him, and found on him two letters, one ad-
dressed " To the Coroner of the County of Middlesex ;" and
the other " To Madame Brandam, Manchester-place, Chel-
tenham" (understood to be the defendant's mother). The pa-
trol simply enough gave back the letters to the defendant, and
suffered him to tear in pieces the one to the Coroner, and put
it in the fire.
The defendant, in answer to the charge, began by assuring
the Magistrate how ardently and sincerely he loved Miss
Brown, and went on to declare that he had no intention what-
ever to hurt her in the smallest degree. It was hiMself he
wished to destroy, and not her ; so tenderly did he love her,
that he would sooner die ten thousand times over than hurt so
much as her little finger nail.
Sir It. BIRNIE.—If you intended' only to shoot yourself,
why did you procure a double-barrelled pistol, and load both
barrels too ?

The defendant replied, that he purchased a double-barrelled
pistol, in order that, if he failed in killing himself with one
fire, he might have a second in reserve. The defendant here,
and at several other times during the examination, turned
towards Miss Brown, and in a melancholy tone said. "
Miss Brown ! my dear Miss Brown, as I could not live Er
you, I was determined to die for you!"
Sir K. lintNiE asked him what he had to say to his first
marriage ?
The defendant denied that he had ever been legally married
according to the law of England. He said he was living in the
Isle of.lersey, when he formed an acquaintance with a native
of the Island, who, fancyin,, he had plenty of money, prevailed
on him one morning to send for a priest, and they were joined
together at a priVate house after the forms of the old Norman
law. This he contended was no marriage, the ceremony of the
English Church being the only one that could be legally re-
cognized in an island under the British Government.
There was no time for any conversation upon Monsieur
Brandam's construction of the law of marriage, for his declara-
tion brought forward the Lady who claimed to be Madame
Brandam, and who declared she was his lawful and proper
wife, and upbraided him in no measured terms with his trai-
torous conduct.
A very amusing dialogue ensued between this happy pair, in
the course of which a ludicrous fact came out—namely, that
Madame Brandam's supposition that Monsieur had plenty of
money when she married him, arose from her having seen in
his possession a quantity of the papers issued by Macalpine,
the Threadneedle-street hair-dresser, beginning " I promise to
cut, &c." These, as most people know, are printed something
in the form of a Bank of England note, and have the words
" One thousand pounds," the amount of the barber's chal-
lenge, in very prominent characters at the top in one corner.
These the lady, in her very imperfect acquaintance with the
English language, took to be genuine Bank of England notes.
The defendant bad no more to say in answer to the charge,
than that he had no intention to inflict the least injury on Miss
Brown. He complained, however, of bruises which he re-
ceived on his chest and belly, from having " de fat parson" so
long upon him ; and further declared that he could have done
mischief, had he been so inclined ; for he cocked his pistol
four times while " de fat parson" was kneeling upon his tomach.
Sir H. BIRNIE said he was too dangerous a person to be suf-
fered to go at large without security for his good behaviour,
and ordered him to find bail, himself in 1001., and two sureties
in .50/. each, to keep the peace for 12 months ; and meanwhile
to appear at the next sessions to answer to any charge that might
be exhibited against him. He was unprepared with bail, and
was therefore consigned to the care of the gaoler.

DEALERS ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE.
MAN siox-HousE.—A foreign Gentleman, who has been
dabbling in shares with the success which usually awaits those
who are determined to make a rapid fortune by dealings on the
Stock Exchange, applied yesterday to the LORD MAYon for
assistance in reclaiming his property from one of the members.
He stated that he had some time ago purchased forty shares in
the Manchester Equitable Loan Company, having received
assurances from those who were immediately interested that,
it would be a good thing-. This valuable purchase be made
atshalf per cent. premium, and he thought that it would he
well worked, and wonid yield to him as much as would make
him comfortable for life. He kept them for some months in
this expectation, without regarding the fluctuations which they
experienced in the market. His patience could not, however,
last to eternity. He found that companies which came out
with every whit as high a character as the Manchester Equi-
table Loan Company were daily worked up to a premium,
after which they suddenly dropped to a discount; and he as-
certained that they were not likely to rise to the high elevation
which ite had been so frequently contemplating. He there-
fore resolved to sell out, without intending to venture in any
other of the speculations which daily made their appearance,
and authorized his broker, who is a Jew, to let his shares go
at a quarter discount. The broker went into the market, but
instead of selling the stock at a quarter, he disposed of it at
three quarters discount. The applicant, who had given his di-
rections very distinctly, refused to take that price, as the
broker in such cases was always saddled with the dif-
ference between the prices put upon them by the owner,
and that_at which they have been sold. " Very well," said
the broker, " I'll get you your shares again." Ile soon after-
wards delivered to the applicant forty shares in the Man-
chester Equitable Loan Company, but • as they were not
transferable shares, they were not convertible to any profitable
use in his hands. He accordingly refused to keep them ; but
his broker reined to supply hint with others, or to pay him at
the rate of a quarter .per share discount. Under these circum-
stances, it had been thought necessary to submit to the la ri
Mayor the particulars of the transaction, as the applicant cc- n-
ceived the character of the broker was concerned, and as he
supposed it would be useless to ask the interference of the com-
mittee in a case of the kind.
The LORD MAYOR asked whether the broker was one of the
twelve appointed for the city ?
The applicant believed he was.
His Lordship said the conduct of the broker, if it had been
correctly represented, was disgraceful in the extreme, and,no
doubt would be investigated and punished. He advised the
applicant to write, if the defendant proved to be one of the
twelve, an account of the transaction to the Court of Aldermen
who, he had no doubt, would summon him before them and
demand an explanation ; and if it proved not satisfactory,
dismiss him altogether.
The applicant said he should not wish to do any injury to
his broker, and that lie would think no more of the matter, it
he succeeded in getting back his own shares,• or the price for
which he had intended to part with them.
The LORD MAYOR told him, that if the broker's conduct
did not come within the cognizance of the Court of Alderrneu,

a complaint to the Committee of the Stock Exchange would, he
doubted not, be attended with proper effect. His Lords
recommended an immediate statement of the facts to the Coca'
mittee by letter. or
Some gentlemen who were acquainted with the system
Company-making, told his Lordship, that a curious detal.blifc

the plans and proceedings of those who favoured the puuld
with so many ways of amassing inexhaustible wealth iv°
probably be laid before him in a few days. neWs"
His Lordship declared, that he could not take ul-
paper without bursting into laughter at the extraordinary t,
titude of new speculations. When the rage was at its heit,
he had received as many as five or six applications a-day to cu-to
sent to become a director. At length he found it necessarY,i,
answer the projectors by handing to every one who solicit
name to any new scheme a letter for admission to St• Lu.
,as
as he could not in a more pointed manner express his opm
,as
of the mania with which they were afflicted. That mania '
now, he believed, nearly at an end.

()AY AT ONE O'CL°C6.

Old Annuities ...............
New Ditto .....................
Ex. Bills 10001.1 Ad. 15 17141$
Ditto 500/. ..... 15 :f
Ditto small ......... 20
Ditto Commercial ....••••"'
Bank for Act. ...............
India for Acct. ...............
Cons. for Opening ...

NDS AT ONE o'ctacg•
Neapolitan Scrip ............
Peruvian Bonds ............
Do. Scrip .................
Guatimala ...... ..... .. ...... .. •!"'
Portuguese Bonds ............
Prussian, 5 per cent. . ....
Ditto New ...................
Russian, New, 5 per et. 96i
Spanish 1821, 5 per ct.
1823 .................. -***
French Rentes, 5 p.ct.
Exchange ...—"f;
3 per cent. .. 721. 2."
Exchange ... 231'.
