Tjf-v

LONDON :
THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1839.

The Belgian question is at last as good as settled
After weeks spent in debating, a majority of the
Chamber of Deputies voted on Tuesday last in
favour of the project of law empowering King LEO-
POLD to sign the Treaty of the Twenty-four Ar-
tick's. The debate preceding this vote was very
animated, and conducted with more theatrical emo-
tions than would accord with the sober demeanour
of a British Legislative Assembly. An amend-
ment for adjournment, to afford time for further
consideration, was rejected by a majority of 60 votes
against 36 ; and two other amendments, virtually
to the same effect, found no supporters. The final
vote was then taken, when there appeared :—.

In favour of the Treaty proposed by the
London Conference 5B
Against it ...
Ministerial Majority —l6

The grand difficulty is thus surmounted ; for it
is not expected that any serious opposition to the
law will be made in the Senate. It was supposed
that the Ministerial majority would have been
g-eater bat for the effect produced by the speech of
M. GENDEBIEN, Member for Mons, on Saturday,
on bid ing an eternal farewell to an assembly capa-
ble of agreeing to the Treaty of the Twenty-four
Articles. M. GENDEBIEN spoke for four hours,
and 4ter apostrophizing the Duchies of Luxem-
berg and Limburg in a strain so touchingly pathetic
as to flu the eyes of his audience with tears, rushed,
himse f weeping, out of the Chamber. On Tues-
day, however, M. LIBEAU came to the assis-
tance of the Government, and as the part
• he took in procuring an independent Throne for
Belgium is well known, and highly appreciated, his
speech produced an excellent effect. In answer to
the taunts thrown out about the conduct of the
Ministry, when in opposition, M. LIBEAU •very
happily observed—" The role of an opposition is
very easy to play. It is merely to skate along a i
crystal lake without troubling their heads about ob.
stacles and dangers. Opposition is the poetry 01
politics—power is the prose." And referring to
the outcry raised about giving up the disputed ter-
ritory to the sway of an irritated Despot, the Hon.
Deputy exclaimed—" Let us be just, Gentlemen ;
King WILLIANr is not a Nero after all. He gave
an asylum to the unfortunate, and he has made
more than one sacrifice to preserve peace
in Luxemburg and Limburg. If there be any po-
litical crime, it consists in desiring to make a sacri-
fice to a false point of honour, by delivering up the
population of Limburg and Luxemburg to anarchy
and useless war. This is a crime of which in con-
science I cannot, and must not, render myself
guilty." This speech restored the Chamber to a
rational state of feeling, and the debate was closed
by the War Minister, who, in his answer to the
complaints against the Government, entered into
long explanations respecting the employment of the
Polish General SKRZYNECKI. These explanations
amounted to this—that Belgium, in the event of
a rupture with Holland, having no General of
sufficient experience of her own, could only
look for the services of an officer, owing no
allegiance to any of the Five Great Powers op-
posed to any such proceeding on her part. No
French, English, Prussian, Austrian, or Russian
General Officer would lead an attack against a
State countenanced in war by their respective
Sovereigns ; consequently, Belgium had no other
alternative.

The settlement of the Belgian question will re-
MOTC a tnountain of trouble from the shoulders of
THIERS. In fact, he is already at ease ; for
the vote of the Chamber of Deputies will serve his
purposes.
The Courrier Beige publishes a long and ex-
ceedingly loyal Address from the people of Lim-
burg to the King of HOLLAND, dated the 11 th
inst. It is not, however, of the least interest to
any portion of our readers.

Wednesday was, as usual, a dies non for the Lords.
How their Lordships support existence on that, for
them, " little Sunday" without a debate ; or how the
nation continues to flourish without their fostering care,
we are entirely ignorant. We have never heard that
more Peers die of ennui on Wednesdays, or that the
affairs of the nation are less flourishing than on other
days. This is one of the inscrutable mysteries of the
Peerage,.

The Commons, too, only sat till half-past seven
o'clock ; and besides receiving a few petitions, transacted
no other business, except matters of routine, than that
of reading Mr. PAKINGTON'S Sale of Beer Bill a
second time. The Hon. Gentleman, wishing to immor-
talize himself in the annals of Legislation, has fixed his
name to the measure ; and PAKINGTON'S Beer Bill
will hand him down to posterity, when all other
records are forgotten. He earned a great moral
reputation in a cheap way by declaring against
the immorality of beer-drinking. We must, how-
ever, venture to doubt whether the numerous
eases of insanity, said by Sir Wrt. ELLIS to have
been caused by drunkenness, arose from drinking beer.
ft is more likely that gin or wine was the enemy which
tl-s.e poor wretches put in their mouths to steal away their
senses. Mr. PAKINGTON ought to have ascertained
which was the cause, and not have thrown all the blame
on beer. If beer-drinking cause insanity, the sooner it is
wholly prohibited, or at least such a duty laid on malt
as shall make beer as dear as claret or champagne, the
better. Here is an excellent opportunity for the
country gentlemen to show their disinterestedness as
well as their care for the public morality ; but some- I
how or other they are as solicitous to promote beer
drinking by reducing the malt duties, though it lead to
insanity, as they are to regulate and control beer.
houses. Mr. PAKINGTON'S Bill goes to require of
all beer-sellers, proof that they occupy houses rated at
l
O. /. per annum, and if within one mile of a polling
Pml"e"nee, 13/. per annum, and to substitute a pay-
Billtwaef 5/. ss. for the excise licence. The
s not Opposed, though Mr. WARBURTON very
Properly observed that crimes existed before beer shops,
a,,,flaeet, the impugners of those shops seem to overlook.
(Ataxer.u.oa of the EXCHEQUER insisted, too, that
comnr.sictileeral\biEle
defended dwbas embarked in the beer trade.
to the working classes, and denied
as an accommodation
encouraged that they necessarily
intetnperanee. On the understanding that

the Bill is not to be committed till after Easter, it was
read a second time without a division.

A return of the number of British ships laden
wholly, or in part, with foreign grain, entered in-
wards at the Ports of London, Hull, and Newcastle,
between the Ist of September, 1838, and the Ist of
January, 1839, and a similar return of foreign ships
for the same period, has just been published by
order of the House of Commons. It was
prepared on the motion of Mr. AARON CHAP-
MAN, the Representative of Whitby, un-
der the supposition, probably, that it would
justify him for giving his vote against Mr.
VILLIERS' motion. From that return it appears
that the number of foreign vessels which entered in-
wards with cargoes of foreign grain, in the period
above-mentioned was 491, while the number of
English vessels was only 300. Of the former 409
were wholly laden with grain, and 82 partly laden ;
of the latter only 127 were wholly laden,
and 173 partly laden. On the first blush
of this return it appears that the corn trade
employs more Foreign than English vessels.
If this were likely to be the case under a free trade,
it might be a trifling drawback to its advantages ;
but in that case we apprehend there would be
more English than Foreign tonnage employed in
the trade. The merchants here giving their orders
for foreign grain, and at the same time having goods
to send abroad, would if possible employ their own,
or other English, vessels. The trade would then be
regular and one of immediate barter : now it is ir-
regular—the corn is in the first instance paid for by
bullion, and only remotely causes a small and
partial demand for our manufactures. What hap-
pens now, we apprehend, is this : parties both
here and abroad watch our corn markets closely,
and the instant there appears a probability of
getting corn in duty-free, large quanties are im-
ported from the Continent. The foreigner who
speculates in the commodity of course sends his
own vessels with it ; the Englishman who specu-
lates in it, writes to his correspondents, and tells
them, as the turn of the market may be a fortune
or a loss to him, to despatch a certain quantity of
corn, or as much as he can lay his hands
on, immediately. Foreign vessels, then, the small
coasters, which are always ready, or whatever ves-
sels can be procured, are taken up in haste, anii
English vessels obtain comparatively little employ-
ment by the corn trade under the present law. The
cargoes to be brought from the Continent are cer-
tain ; that there will be any cargoes to go back
is not certain ; and merchants, therefore, as
the rule, do not send out vessels in ballast to
bring home cargoes ; they dispatch them with
cargoes, though they may sometimes be compelled
to return empty. Thus the trade being one now of
corn for gold, one of haste and fluctuation, has more
advantage for the shipping of the countries from
which corn is brought than for our shipping. If
the trade were free, our merchants would send out
goods in English vessels, and bring back cargoes of
corn, and the probabilities, are that we should see
the above proportion of shipping reversed, and
the number of British vessels employed in the
corn trade would be double the number of Foreign
vessels.

Under such a view, the Electors of Newcastle-
upon-Tyne, Whitby, Sunderland, Greenwich,
Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Whitehaven, Lynn,
Dover, Hastings, and other places interested in
shipping, will hardly feel satisfied with the votes
which Messrs. HODGSON, CHAPMAN, THOAIP-
SON, (the Alderman), ATTWOODS (father and
son), MILES and others, their representatives, gave
against Mr. VILLIERS' motion. For the representa-
tives of our sea-ports to vote against a measure which
would infallibly extend foreign trade, and increase
employment for our ships, is as striking a proof
of faction subverting patriotism as we have of late
encountered. If the electors of these sea-ports, with
the electors of Bath, Norwich, and Marylebone,
acquiesce in this—if they are satisfied with having
their best interests sacrificed to party objects, we have
not a word to say; but if we had votes for those places
we should immediately propose to call our repre-
sentatives to account, and give them to understand
that on such a vital question as cheap or clear food,
they must vote for their constituents or forfeit their
suffrages for ever. Will the electors of Hull, Bristol,
Newcastle, Greenwich, Sunderland, Whitby, White-
haven, and Liverpool sanction by their silence the
treachery of their representatives ?

There is nothing more trying to the temper than
to witness the conducting of a good cause by an
inefficient or imprudent advocate. The client
who in open court is constrained to join in a laugh
at his own expense, excited by the blunders of his
counsel, will be able to appreciate the feelings with
which we pernsed Mr. T. ATT WOOD'S speech in
the House of Commons on Tuesday, on moving an
instruction to the Committee of Supply to recon-
sider a vote in the Navy Estimates with a view to
increase the number of British seamen. The
Hon. Gentleman had an excellent cause to plead,
but he tore it to very tatters before he had
been five minutes on his legs. Had he really in-
tended to turn the whole question of the Navy into
ridicule—to convert our reasonable apprehensions
into a farce for the amusement of country gentle-
men, we doubt if his success would have been
equal to what it was. It was absurd to try to
work upon the fears of Parliament ; and it dis-
played any thing but Parliamentary tact, or even
discretion, on the part of a Member of the House
of Commons to recommend a motion just now,
which, if adopted, would excite throughout
Europe a conviction that England was labour-
ing under a trepidation unparlleled in the an-
nals of national panics. We do not want to ex-
cite a war-cry ; neither do we desire to see
Ministers come down to the House of Commons

with the ghastly visages of men who had witnessed
a Russian Navy riding securely on the city side of
Tilbury fort. What we seek—what the friends of
the Navy are so patriotically contending for, is an
improved naval system, which shall permanently se-
cure to us that dominion on the waves, without
which Great Britain must sink to the insignificance
of a third-rate power. We want an increase of sea-
men ; but we shall be content to grant Ministers a
decent time to allow the necessity of such an in-
increase to originate in events of which every hour
is fertile. We want our ships well manned, and,

if possible, superior in their equipment to those of
other Maritime States ; but here again we are far

from anxious to deprive the Ministry of the credit
of such a measure. We want an increase of pay
for the men, and a greater equalization of the
honours of the service ; but we do not apprehend
the ruin of our country from the postponement of
such a reform for a few months. We want to
make every man serving in the Navy, with-
out regard to birth or family connections, eligible
to the highest ranks in the naval service, and to
make promotions the sure rewards of merit ; but
should such a meed of justice to a gallant body of
hitherto neglected men be refused for a tune, we
feel quite confident that in the interim no British
sailor will display less courage in the day of battle.
The opinion of the country has been expressed too
decidedly to admit of a long neglect of it on the part
of her Majesty's Government ; and as to the intro-
duction of improvements in the Naval Service, it is
better to impart to them at the outset a deliberative
and voluntary character, than the impression that
they resulted from a dread of Russia, or an appre-
hension of disaffection on board our own fleet.
The Hon. Gentleman fell into other blunders cal-
culated to throw ridicule upon the subject of his mo-
tion. In alluding to the great expense of Russian
diplomacy he gravely asserted that the Autocrat
had certain English journals in his pay. Does
the Hon. Gentleman know this to be the case
Russia has many tools here, but we will hazard a
bet that an English Newspaper will not be
found among them. Such random remarks as
these might not be out of place at a public
meeting at a tavern, or even on the hustings, where
half of what is said is intended for effect, " to split
the ears of the groundlings," and to be unsaid as
soon as questioned ; but they are not equally ex-
cusable when uttered in Parliament. The employ-
ment of plausible sophistry at least is due to the
gravity and dignity of an assembly congregated for
Legislative purposes. If the alleged facts be fa-
brications or guesses, decency on the part of the
lion. Narrator requires that they should wear the
appearance of facts.

The dear and decided manner in which the con-
duct of France with respect to Buenos Ayres and
Mexico was condemned by all parties in the House
of Commons on Tuesday, affords rational grounds
for the entertainment of a hope that the Noble
Lord at the head of the Foreign Department will
I accelerate negotiations having for their object the
tremoval of the causes of a distrust so marked, and

so general, of the foreign policy of the French
Cabinet. Anxious as we are to preserve a
good understanding between two great nations,
whose friendship forms a counterpoise to
the union of continental depots, it is not
our intention to dwell at any length upon French
injustice in South America—now that Parliament
has boldly, yet respectfully, expressed its convictions
upon the subject. While we thought the Govern-
ment remiss, we felt it to be our duty to place the
question in as strong a light as we could before the
country. Sensible that submission to wrong is to
court its repetition—that the silent endurance of in-
juries by a nation begets contempt, and leads to
aggression—we omitted no opportunity of denounc-
ing in terms as strong as it became the press of a
free state, co-equal in greatness with France to em-
ploy, acts bearing upon the face of them an unne-
cessary and illegal interference with our commerce,
and the appearance of a wanton insult to our flag.
Such unequivocal representations, when founded in
justice and addressed to the Government of a free
State, prevent instead of provoking hostilities—as
the negociations now carrying on with France suffi-
ciently manifest. But while we rejoice to find in
the powerfully expressed opinion of the House of
Commons, an earnest of the speedy adjustment
of the differences between Mexico and France
—a moral certainty of the abandonment of
a system of warfare ruinous to British
commerce, but to which England is no
longer in a temper patiently to submit ; we repeat
what we stated on a former occasion, that our own
Government is more to blame than than of France,
for the injuries sustained by our merchants in their
traffic with Buenos Ayres and Mexico. Had we
had a strong squadron in the Gulf in May last,
France would not have offered to restrict the trade
of a single British merchant. In fact, no blockade
could be established; for, according to the law of
nations, as interpreted by the Maritime Courts
of England and France, before a blockade
can be enforced there must be clear and unequivo-
cal evidence—first, that due and timely notice has
been given to all neutrals ; and secondly, that the
squadron allotted for the execution of the blockade
was powerful enough to cut off all communications
with the interdicted port or ports. Without power
to enforce a blockade it is regarded as raised ; and
any attempt to punish an alleged infraction 'of it is
an act of piracy. This was admitted by Lord PAL-
MERSTON, but his Lordship contended that the
French squadron in the Gulf was suffi-
cient to render the blockade of the Mexi-
can coast effective from the very commence-
We grant it was, had it remained there,—
seeing that we had not a single ship of the line in
the Mexican waters. But Lord PALMERSTON
knows right well that for upwards of four of the ten
months Mexico has been blockaded, France had
not so much as a gun-boat on the whole coast.
The blockade, as Dr. LUSHINGTON well observed,
was virtually raised the instant it became a mere
paper affair; and therefore neutrals had a right to in-
sist upon its abandonment, unless re-declared anew,
with all necessary formalities. There was certainly
nothing to prevent our sending a squadron to
Mexico as soon as France, and had we done so,
no blockade could have been established, for none
could be enforced. Even in three months after the
blockade was declared the appearance of a very
small British squadron would have sufficed to render
it nugatory, without putting our friendly re-
lations with France in the slightest jeopardy.
We repeat, therefore, that the heaviest part of the
blame for the losses sustained by our merchants, in
consequence of the unjust aggressions of France in
South America, is attributable to the mismanage-
ment of our own Government. But France will
not feel the less acutely the reflections which have
been cast upon her: To quarrel like a bully, and
make war like a pirate, is a character which she
will not greatly thank her Government for having
earned for her.

ment.

We this day insert some letters and documents
in reply to the statements made in some of
the newspapers here, as well as in Jamaica,
relative to the indisposition of the Negroes to
work. In one of the letters the writer states that
he finds the object of the planters in their agitation
is to secure two things from the Government—
more stringent laws, and more compensation. He
also states that he has traversed a considerable
portion of the island, and conversed with several of
the overseers, and from all that he could learn he
was of opinion that the reports of the idleness of
the labourers and the ruin of the country were
without foundation, or at all events grossly
exaggerated. The Baptist Missionaries had
presented an address to Sir LIONEL SMITH, com-
plaining of the calumnies heaped upon them as well
as on the Negroes, to which the Governor replied
in these words :—" It gives me great satisfaction
that you confide in my character to give effect to the
benevolent designs of the British nation with re-
spect to the lately emancipated peasantry; and, while
I cannot remedy, I can only lament the uncompro-
mising spirit which in many instances they have
had to encounter in their new condition ;" and adds

—" I will gladly partake of the abuse as a gratifying
proof that we are fast destroying the last remnant
of slavery throughout the land."

We have no intelligence of any interest from Paris.
M. HUMANN arrived in that capital on Monday even-
ing, and had
.a long interview with the KING. He had
also in the course of the night interviews with Soue'r
and TIIIERS, and it was supposed that all difficulties in
the way of forming the Cabinet had disappeared. It
was, however, agreed upon that the Ministerial list
should not appear in the Moniteur till Thursday, owing
to Wednesday being the anniversary of the entry of
NAPOLEON in Paris from the rather limited sovereignty
of Elba.
The latest accounts from Madrid are of the 11th,
but they bring no news of any interest. The following
letter, from a Correspondent at San Sebastian, brings the
latest authentic news from the Basque Provinces
SAN SEBASTIAN, MARCH 14.—A despatch has been
just received by Colonel Claveria, Chief of the Staff of
the Corps of the Army stationed in this Province, from
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the North,
directing him forthwith to deliver over to the Carlist
officer commanding in these lines, the entire of the pri-
soners at present in the citadel of San Sebastian, and in
any other fortified places in possession of the Christinos,
in the province of Guipuscoa. The number at present in
this citadel amounts to about eighty-four men and seven
officers, who will, in consequence of this order, be imme-
diately liberated from their present constraint, and sent to
their friends.
This is one of the results following from the arrange-
ment said to be entered into lately, between Maroto and
Espartero, respecting the immediate exchange of prisoners.
Rumour says that this arrangement is not strictly confined
to the mere exchange of prisoners, but that other and more
important topics bare been under discussion between the two
military chiefs ; and, that it is by no means impossible, nor
will it be very astonishing, that some extraordinary occur-
rence were to take place before long. Though nothing
certain seems to be known on the subject, yet various re-
ports have been flying about, of the disposition entertained
by Maroto to abandon the cause of Don Carlos.
The latest accounts that have reached here state that
Espartero is at the,present moment at Los Arcos, a small town
half way between Estella and Logrono. He is, I presume,
employed, as usual, in observing the movements and watch-
ing the proceedings of Alaroto. No man was ever more
diligent, when nothing but observation of an enemy's posi-
tion was required, and more tardy and inefficient when
aac-
tive operations became necessary. The fine weather,
which has now been of some continuance, has been, as yet,
suffered to pass and no movement has been made—rs,
pe on
himself,has
T oo
ron saveot the
Vittoria, from
personal ones
thence
or Es-
partero
airds, and from Logrono: again to Los Arcos, and a
supposed, and dreaded by the Spaniards, that not much
more will he done by him to render the present year more

illustrious than the past one.
Notwithstanding the total failure of the attempt made
by Munagorri to revolutionise the Basque Provinces, the
banner of the " Pay y Fueros" will again be raised in
this Province. I have it from very excellent authority
that the standard of independence will be unfurled in this
Province under the guidance and leadership of General
Jaregui, the Guerilla chief ; and that other events of a
most interesting nature will soon take place in this locality.
The name of Munagorri is not connected with the report of
this second attempt.
The Isabella steamer captured a few days ago, on her
passage from Santander to this harbour, a trincadura, con-
taining nine men, near the port of Hermes. They have
been brought in here as prisoners, and lodged in the Castle.
The occupation by the faction of that port, is a source of
great annoyance to the small trading vessels between
Bilbao, Santander, and San Sebastian. They possess a
considerable number of gunboats of a large size ; and
three more are at present being built, each carrying no less
than thirty oars. They will be manned by Guipiscoans of
the coast, who are the best oarsmen in Spain.
The present disposable force of Espartcro amounts to
twenty-five battalions of infantry and one thousand horse ;
whilst Maroto counts but eighteen battalions and six hun-
dred cavalry.
IROURSE.—PaIars, TUESDAY, MARCH 10.
lIALP-PAST THREE.—An opinion seems to prevail that fresh dif.
ficulties have arisen to the formation of the Ministry—persons,
however, do not appear to know exactly in what they consist ; these
difficulties are generally attributed to M. Humaun, perhaps only be-
cause he is just arrived in Paris. M. Humana is supposed to be
largely interested in the Paris to Rouen and Havre Railway, and it
is said lie has wished to make some stipulation, the effect of which
would be that) that by a legislative measure he would get rid of his
liability, tinder the law passed lastsession but one. The market

has been weak for the account. The Three per Cents. opened at
79f. 70c., rose to 79f. 75c., declined to 79f. 60c. sellers, and closed
at 79f. 65c., a fall of 10c. The Five per Cents., from 108 f. 55c.
ex. div., declined to 105 f 45c., and closed as they opened, a fall of
sc. For money, the Three per Cents. have declined 15c. The
Bank of France Shares are unvaried, as are those of the Laffitte
Bank. The Belgian Five and Three per Cents. both as yesterday.
The Belgian Bank Shares have advanced no less than 40f. The
Spanish Active is h better; from 214 it rose to 211, and closed at
01 u. The Passive has advanced to 54-. There has been much
busineis in both the Versailles Railway shares ; the Right Bank
have declined 12f. 50c.; the Left are as yesterday. The St. Ger-
main have not varied, but the llavre have declined 51.
First Highest Lowest Last
Price. Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents(ex. div.) 108 .50 ... 105 50 ... 105 35 ... 106 50
4 per Cents lOl 50 ... lot 50 ... 101 50 ... tot 5
3 per Cents 79 70 79 75 ... 79 tiO ... 79 10
Bank of Trance
Laffitte Bank 1,0001". SO 1057 50 ...lOW 50 —1057 50 —.1057 50
5,000 f. 5215 ...52 5 —.5215 ...5215
Belgian 5 per Cents lOl,
... 101%
3 per Cents 7O 90 70 90 ... !;() ... 70 1)0
Bank 625 ... 670 ... 625 GGS
Spanish Ac ive 2l 1;1I„, 2114 ... 2174
Passive 5
... 51,§
Neapolitan
Roman

St. Germair,
Versailles, It.
L.B.

RAILWAY
655 ... 65 ... 655 ... 655
650 657 50 ... 6 4. 642 50
235 235 ... 220 ... 225
455 ... 455 ... 455 ... 455
Orleans

Charleroi

Havre

055

... 950

••• -
DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, MARCH le.
Money. Bills.
54% 544
Int,,,ti 10 t 4
‘rA‘)
ici
tjtit:o:
ia,
tldsDi
ts Fi
dtis,e
,2r,
iet percent
perC ceennt Bills.
Do
94% 91. V.
Ditto, ditto, 31;4 per cent 7O ti 793,4
Commercial Company, 414 per cent
Ditto (15.'32 and 1833) 5 per cent
Ditto 1,437, 5 per cent
Loan 1;37, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month ll 95
Two
BELGIAN 1, UNDS—Bausmonths suLs, MARCH 19SN
Actual Debt, 25g per Cent.
Bothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent ' 10014
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
-------- 3 per Cent. 7054Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent 95
Society of Commerce, 454 per Cent 122
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 6014
National Society
100
_ Brussels Papers, March 19.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, MARCH 8.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
107%
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
SIX,
Bank ahares
—Ali 1484
gemcineZeitung, 3larch 14.
