PRESENT.

Walker, in the MV. Neale.
Chair. Mr. Marehani.,
Mr. Mitchell. Mr. Weir.
This Conimiftee having talien into consideration the propo-
sition made to tile Creditors by the Stsb-Commitree, of paying
five s!tiPints in the pound, and a further five shillinp at, the
end of the present Season, and the same to be considered its
•
full of all their respective demands upOn the Theatre,
Resolved., That this Committee are fully sensible of the
Very liberal and disinterested offer of the Sub-Committee,
which couhVonly proceed front an anxious desire to support
thit National EtthbliShment, and to secure the various classes
of persons dependent upon it for support. But this Commit-
tee consider the condition of relinquishing the moiety of their
claim as by no means necessary
.to the keeping open the
Theatre, as tliey are 'ready' to afford all reasonable time for its
being discharged. • •
And they 'Consider, that such relinquishment would be, in,
fact, not an absndonment of property for the service of the
'Theater; but 'for the -service of their own Debtors the
Proprietors.

' Mr. Mille.
Mr. Richards.

They therefore resolve, That the following propositions be
submitted to Ithe consideratiOn of the Sub-Committee, viz.:--
Ist. 'l'h-rt. the Om of fi've. Shillings' in the pound be paid
down ; and the further sum of five shillings he paid at the
end-of the peesent season, according to the proposition of the
Sub-Oninittee, eut•of their private funds; or by such means
as they -snay he'enabled lb provide.
2d. Tbat•the -suai of money so advanced, or provided, be
refunded with interesti. before ;any Yurther dividend be made
to the Subcerihing Creditens.
3. That when such st.M has beers refunded, the net: profits
of the. Theatre shall be aNrropriated to 1 he.discharge of the
'remainder of the debt by annual payments.
. 4th. And to carry such, the above objects, into effect, a
Letter of License be granted to the Sub-Comutittee, giving
them the extended terns of three years, after the repayment
of the said'advances, -to discharge the remainder.eft he debt.
. • - October es, IBIS.
Mr. Walker. Mr. 'Mitchell. Mr. Neale.
I
Mr. Marchant. Me. %Weir. Mr. Deville.
ltesolved unanimously,—"That the proposition mane by the
SO-Committre be accepted for the whole of the debts, pro-
vided that that portion of'the debt incurred during the last'
season,' and contracted upon the faith ty a pledge;made to
the. Creditors, that it sholliti be discharged the course of
the season,. be provi,'ed,for as follows
Five shillings in the now
Five shillings at the end of the season.
Teti shillings when the Funds of the "Theatre will allow of
'its being paid, after t he advance of, thetwo first instalments,
with interest, has 'been discharged.-'
The decision of the -Committee of Creditors did
not appear to be satisfaCtory to the-General Meet..
ing, anti it was moved, that the ptoposal of the
Sub-Committee of. Management for the Lignida.
tion-of the Debts of the Theatre should be agreed
to. The motion was carried by a vast majiffit
there appearing only'fiVe persons in opposition to
the sense of tie Assembly.

EtEDERA AFRICANA.

[Nu. X.]

renewal of the war between England and
France, in May, I SO3, was in its immediate, as
\veil as in its ulterior effects, an event of a strik-
ingly f)V ident aspect in regard to the African
race, It was to the French army of Hayti and
i,s sable enemies, like the returning of the waters
tit the Red Sea between the Egyptian Host and
the Israelites. To the one it was signal and coin-
j.lete rie,rrnetion, io the other equally complete.
al,d, I trust, final deliverance.
True it i, that the blacks teunited to revenge
the hot ible perfidies and cruelties of Rochatn-
hvaii, and the white colonists were already victo-
rons. 'I hat General had sustained successive
defeats, and been obliged to abandon the whole
interior of the island, with most of the towns
uko on the coast, and to shut himself up, with a
clef eted sickly remnant of his late powerful army,
within the fortifications of Cape Frangois, where
he vas closely besieged by Dessalines. The
French garrisons could only hope at best to main-
tain their defensive position till the arrival of .the,-
expected reinfrircensents ; but this, from the
strength of their Works, 810 the want under
.which their brave enemies laboisred of proper ar-
tillery and other besieging Implements, as well
as of military science, there was great probabi-
lity of their being able to effect. Meantime the
Chief Consul was straining every nerve to pre-
pare the means of speedily retrieving his disgrace,
and wreaking his furious revenge•upon the unfor-
tunate Haytians. His Generals had represented
to him the inefficiency of the system he had hi-
therto pursued, that of feeding his army by suc-
cessive reinforcements upon a moderate scale, and
the necessity of sending a large imposing force
at once, which might act on all points simulta-
neously, and overu helm the Insurgents by com-
bined movements, before the vigour and health of
the newly arrived Europeans were impaired by
the climate ; and Napoleon had apparently adopt-
ed.their advice. He was collecting a large army
at different points, and preparing tbe means of
transporting it to St. Domingo ; though, to de-
ceive his own soldiers, he pretended that its des-
tination was to Louisiana.
Beyond doubt, his ruthless perseverance and
unlimited means would have put to a fearful ha-
zard the existence of the Haytian people. I say
their existence, for as to reducing them to slavery
ts,sitt, it was no longer regarded. as a practicable
object. Their extermination appeared, from the
latt,r measures of Rochambeau, to be his delibe-
rate purpose; and it has without scruple been
avowed and recommended by some of his colo-
tlinl partisans, as what ought to
,be the object of

the war.
Wl4!ther that execrable end was fully attains
ble, ant world have been relentlessly pursued or
riot, it is certain that the recommencement of our
hostilities was a most critical deliverance for
Hayti. At the lowest estimate that can possibly
be formed of the slaughter and destruction that
most otherwise have followed, even without an
extevoinatory purpose, a hundred thousand of
the surviving black and coloured itiliabitauts,men,
women, and children, would have miserably pe-
rished, bad the peace of Amiens lasted another
year.
The chastisement of their merciless enemies was
an effect not less striking. The barbarities that
had been perpetrated by the latter were hardly
more beyond the range of modern precedent than
the punishment that speedily ensued. The Greek
and Latin poets have drawn terrible pictures of
the sufferings they feigned to have been inflicted
by the anger of the Gods ; but I recollect none
that would rival a true history of the strange and
multiplied calamities that overwhelmed the French
army of St. Domingo, and the white colonists
who had abetted its crimes. Happy,, compara-
tively, were the few who escaped from pestilence
and famine, and the sword, by surrendering
themselves prisoners to our blockading squadrons,
though many of them sustained by it twelve years
imprisonment in British gaols.—l will abstain
front pointing out, in dreadful details, the reta-
liation that awaited the rest, and the crimes that
provoked it. They belong to that impressive his-
tory of the ways of Providence in Hayti, which
I have for the present declined. My immediate
business is with the more general case of France
herself, the retributory justice of which depends
for its illustration on no doubtful or disputed
facts, hut on such only as are well known
throughout the civilized world.
France relapsed, as I have show), during the
brief Peace of Amiens, into all her former oppres-
sions of the African race, and added to them ag-
gravations, for which there was no room before,
by open apostacy, coupled with the foulest na-
tional ingratitude and perfidy towards her black
subjects in the Antilles. And what immediately
ensued ? A new war that was to consummate the
ruin of her army in St. Domingo, that was to
rob her again, during twelve years, of all the
colonies for the sake of which she had sinned so
deeply. A war that was to give up the youth of
France by hundreds of thousands to .various kinds
of misery and death ; drenching with their blood
every,soil, from the extreme south of Europe to
the frozen regions of the north ; and covering
,with their unburied remains the long dismal line
of their wintry retreat from Moscow to Poland.
A war that, after producing a Leipsic and a Wa-
terloo, was to end at the gates of Paris ; and
leave France despoiled of all her conquests, the
captive, instead of the mistress of Europe ; what
is still more striking, a war, the scourge of which
,was not finally to cease till France should have re-
tracted her affront to Heaven by a new abolition
of the Slave Trade ! !
None, however, of these many indications of
a Providential scheme, whether found in the
case of France or of other countries, is more
remarkable than.the facts which I have still to

notice.

The peace of Europe seemed, in May, 1814, to
„be durably restored. The Treaty of Paris of that
due had apparently provided well for the repose
of Frrioce awl of the European countries that had
been so long vexed by her arms ; but the lute-
rt:scs of Africa were abandoned. Five years were
.rxpresOy &lowed for the revival and prosecution

by France of a trade, the iniquity of which was
by Lite same Treaty avowed. The pacification,
therefore, was tinsonnd • and transient. it was
not ratified by Heaven. The contracting parties,
however, were not in equal fault, or at least did
not long remain so, and Providence soon wonder-
fully dealt with them according to their respective
deserts. England made a noble and generous
stand for Africa in the Congress of Vienna ; Rus•
sia, Austria, and Prussia cordially supported her
in it. Their reward was Waterloo ; and a second
peace at the gates of Paris, far' better, because
tar safer than the first. France, on the other
hand, was obdurate ; and the same events, pre-
ceded by another usurpation and another ciiol
war, cli:istised her crime.
It may be objected, perhaps, that the British
Government was a passive accomplice in this
new provocation, or was negatively at least im-
plicated in the guilt ; because it lost the op-
portunity of prescribing, as a condition of peace
to a vanquished enemy, the renunciation_ of the
Slave Trade. It, however, the omission was
culpable in a !Aral view, the fault had much
extenuation ; because the momentous, urgent,
anti vital interests of the whole civilised world
seemed tar. demand, at that critical conjuncture,
an exclusive- attention to the safety of Eng-
land and Europe. Snpposing that the abo-
lition ought, nevertheless, to have been made.
a condition, sins qud non, of any arrangement
with France, the duty at least was not at the mo-
ment so clear as to make the breach of it inex-,
cusable. Sure I am, and it is due to the accom-
plished Statesman who *as our negociator to
say so, that the most distinguished friends of
Africa were not prepared, at that awful crisis, to
maintain that such a condition ought to be pre-
scribed. When a moral duty is clear, policy should
not be heard for a moment against it.; but it, a
prudential view, it.might well be doubted, whether
the cause of Africa could have been effectually
served by compelling France to yield a federal re-
nunciation of the Slave Trade, at the .point of the
sword. Tt is also to be questioned whether our
Allies would have been disposed to concur with us
in such compulsion.
But if Great Britain culpably forgot her duty at
Chatillon or Paris, she made ample reparation for
the fault at Vienna ; and that in a way peculiarly
acceptable to Heaven ; because the unanimous
wishes of the British people were loudly express-
ed for the generous and disinterested measures
their Government adopted on behalf of their Afri-
can brethren. It was a truly national sacrifice on
the altar of justice tfrid of mercy. Our attempts
to obtain at the Congress a general abolition of
the Slave Trade were as strenuous as if the dearest
interests of Great Britain ' herself,. instead of
Africa, had depended on our success. No effort
was spared ; no reasonable sacrifice of national
objects was refused ; and all that the most zealous
and able negociation could possibly effect was ac-
complished. Much was actually conceded by par-
ticular Powers ; and the ever-memorable declara-
tion of Vienna, obtained by our Minister, was a
homage of assembled Monarchs to the sacred prin-
ciples of justice and humanity, glorious to its
authors, and of inestimable value, J trust, in its
'Wore consequences, to the great African cause.
But three nations still, unhappily, stood out,

great measure, against the solicitations of Eng,
land, the suggestions of cooscience, and the re-
cognised laws of God; and of these three France
was clearly the most highly criminal in her dissent.
She was so, because she was the most enlightened
of the three, and, professed the most liberal prin-
ciples ; and also because with her there was no
immediate sacrifice to be made ; for she had no
existin► Slave Trade to renounce ; because her
resumption of the practice was a relapse into ac-
knowledged and repudiated guilt ; because she had
not equal temp .a dons with Spain, much less with
the Sovereign of Brazil, to extenuate her obdu-
racy. A still greater aggravation of her offence
was in the guilty object and motive of it. She in-
sisted on retaining the Slave Trade for five years,
because site was bent on making new efforts to
restore and extend that cruel colonial slavery
which she had herself solemnly abolished, and " to
put humanity to the fearful cost of a new revolu-
tion in Hayti." Napoleon, whose hypocritical
words I here again quote, would perl►tips himself
have started at such a project, if lie had foreseen
the horrible consequences of his expedition of
1802 ; but the Ministers of Louis XVI I 1., with
the history of those horrors before their eyes, were
resolved on their renewal and completion. They
designed to cajole and corrupt the Ha miss Chiefs
if possible ; but if, from the effects of Napoleon's
pet idy, that game could not again be played, their
ulterior purpose was to bend the unfortunate
people again to the dreadful yoke of private slavery
by force of arms ; and, if that could not be ac-
complished, to destroy them by an exterminatory
war. It was cousidered, therefore, that without
the Slave Trade for a limited term at least, St.
Domingo, though conquered, might he useless ;
because the black population, already deplorably.
reduced by long Cilia sanguinary wars, as well as
numerous massacres, would probably he much
further reduced, or nearly annihilated during the
impending contest, and scarcely any hands might
be lett for the culture of the soil.
That such should be the views of the Govern-
ment of France, under her lawful and amiable So-
vereign, may seem strange enough, especially as
he had been trained in the school of adversity,
had himself been a victim of oppression, and had
recently been restored to the throne of his ances-
tors by means that strongly marked the indigna-
tion of Providence against national violence and
wrong. But the French Court was unfortunately
thronged with men whose private interests and
prejudices made them the worst advisers that
could possibly be found on African and West In-
dian affairs. They abused, no doubt, the ear of
their. well-meaning Sovereign, by the same so-
phisms, and the same gross perversions of fact, by
which they have laboured too successfully to de-
ceive the French people, as to the true nature of
colonial slavery, anti the causes of the revolution
in Hayti ; and thereby concealed from his equi-
table mind the extreme necessity which justified
a much injured people in renouncing their alle-
giance to France. To what an extent the King
must have been misled, both as to his duties and
interests, was manifest to all who knew the true
merit; of the case, when they found thitt X4l. Mau

lonet, that ancient co►onial administrator and
champion of slavery, was :appointed Minister of
the Colonies and Marine. A choice more revolt-

ing to the oppressed negroes and their friends,
could not possibly have been made. He is gone
to his accout►t ; but the deep interests of huma-
nity demand that 'his memory should not be
•pared. He was one of the chief authors of all
the miseries of Hayti ; for he abused his talents,
and his knowledge of colonial affairs, to impress,
under the mask of candour and humanity, views
the most false, insidious, and mischievous, that
any apologist of the colonial system, and of the
Slave Trade, had ever conceived to impose on the
public of France. In the introductory chapter of
the 4th volume of his Memoirs, or Notes on the
Colonies, published at Paris preparatory to Le-
clerc's expedition in 1802, may be found the de-
velopment and the defence of that fraudulent and
detestable policy which Napoleon meant to pur-
sue; a policy which cost to the poor Haytians
rivers of blood, and to France unspeakable
guilt, as well as the loss of her most valuable co•
lony.
1 wish not to lessen the weight of any such apo-
logy as • may be found in the plausibility of bad
advice, or in the difficulties of an arduous situa-
tion, the

Res dura, et regni novitas,"
:or the conduct of the restored Monarch. I know
that extensive and powerful interests in France
pleaded, With an importunity hard to be resisted,
for some attempt to restore the ruined fortunes of
the planters of St. Domingo; many of whom had
been real, and many more ostensible sufferers in
the Royal Cause. But, at the same time, I must
be faithful to the sacred task I have undertaken ;
arid must not, therefore, seem to admit that Louis
XVIII. in refusing to abolish the Slave Trade,
after his first restoration, and in meditating a
coucter revolution in Hayti, did not personally,
and most justly, incur the displeasure of Heaven.
He had been too long in England not to have ob-
tained some general knowledge of the enormities
of the trade, and the nature of the Haytian case.
Besides, he avowed, in the first Treaty of Paris,
that the Slave Trade is " repugnant to the prin-
ciples of natural justice, and of the enlightened
age in 'which we live." In stipulating, there-
fore, by the same Treaty for its continuance,
nay'for its resumption, he stood self •condemned,
unless it can be maintained that those sacred
principles might allowably be superseded in the
breast of a Christian Monarch, by reasons of State
or favonr,towardchis colonial friends.
Perhaps the Treaty, in this respect, was with-
out a precedent on earth. I can recollect at least
no prior instance of an Act of State by which a na-
tion publicly 'stigmatised a given practice as se-
pugnent to moral obligation, and at the same
time avowed its determination to relapse into, ad-
here to it. Nor can I conceive any thing more
derogatory to the honour of God ; or more likely
to excite his indignation. So it .was, however,
that France thus acted under her lawful So-
vereign, and that she pertinacipsly refused at
Vienna, as before at Paris, to renounce the
Slave Trade in less than five years. Her refusal,
in all probability, chiefly frustrated our efforts
to obtain at that time a general abolition ; and
if the • most• credible intormation may be trust-
ed, she was actually preparing a new expedition
against St. Domingo when Buonaparte landed
from Elba.
The fairest way perhaps of estimating the es,'

deuce of a Providential retribution in the events
that followed, is to carry back our views to the
state of France and of ,Europe in the month of
February 1815, when the negociations on the
Slave Trade at Vienna ended, and the obduracy of
the French Government was finally ascertained ;
and so ask ourselves what human probability there
then was that Hayti would be again rescuer.? trom
invasion, and that new calamities to the King of
France and his people were near at hand. Had
any man, relying on such views as are developed
in these papers, or endued with a prophetic spirit,
ventured to say, " France will soon again be de-
luged with blood : Louis XVIII. will be driven
front the Throne of his ancestors, and the Usurper
be seated upon it. France, instead of carrying
again invasion, and an exterminatory sword into
Hayti, will soon feel once more a foreign sword
in her own bowels, and will be a second time con-
quered. Instead of ravaging the borders of
Africa for five years, as she impiously proposes,
she wiil be driaen to consent that foreign
armies shall for the same period occupy her own."
The author of such predictions would have been
accused not only of presumption, but of extrava-
gance and madness. He might, however, with
equal truth have added still stranger thiugs.—
" These new calamities of France," he might
have said, " shall only cease with her solemn
submission to Heaven, by, what :be has just
refused, an immediate renunciation of the Slave
Trade. Nevertheless Louis XVI 11. as he has re-
fused that sacrifice, shall not now have the grace
of making it. He shall only have to ratify in
that respect the act of the Usurper. The same
impious hand that restored this Temple of Mam-
mon shall prostrate it again. He shall have the
shame of signing his recantation in order to pro-
pitiate the people he most hates. Yet he
riot so escape the punishment die to his crimes.
The spirit of Toussaint, and the Genius of
Africa, shall have further and exacter ven-
geance. Napoleon shall have the fate of that
oppressed hero without his glory. Like him he
shall fall into the hands of his enemies ; like him
he shall be carried prisoner by a long voyage to a
distant land, and an interminable exile ; like him
he shall, be stripped of power, divided for ever
from his wife and child, his brethren and friends;
cut off from all communication with his native
lend and the companions of his former greatness,
and doomed to languish in hopeless seclusion and
captivity for the rest of his miserable days. He
shall be caged upon a rock, between the two
continents of Africa and America, in the path-
way of the Slave Trade ; like a felon gibbetted
on the heath which was the theatre of his crimes."
Strange, wonderfully strange and incredible,
though all this would have appeared on the Bth
of February, 1815, when the Declaration of
Vienna closed the deliberations on the Slave
Trade, it was all with signal rapidity accomplish-
ed. On the 26th of the same month Bfionaparte
sailed from Elba, on the Ist of March he landed

in France, and in less titan forty days after
XVIII. had sealed his adherence to the 51,8,,1d-'
Trade he lost his Throne. The Userper
hardly re-ascended it, when he
_published' b
Decree, declaring the immediate abolitiona t,b4
commerce ; and, as if to mark more conSP'47):
welly the design of Providence in this New ge:,..11
lution, it was the single legislative purpose W"6"(k.
he accomplished : the only act of his last usorP%
authority, which has been ratified, and pa§seCi
of
a permanent law into the civil institutions
France. He reigned afterwards' onlY I°lll
enough to chastiie the French people, who '
too generally partaken of, and approved, tart °le
duracy of their Government ; and to augment t 1
glory glory of their enemies, especially:of those wb°;7o
laboured most zealously to reclaim- them, and
put an end to the general provocation of
Slave Trade. c of
Thus strikingly in all its parts, has ibe
France, like those of the other colonising nat'°":.
fallen in with and confirmed the hypothesis which
harmonises so well with the Divine Attributed'
and explains in a way so satisfactory to a Pi°;°
mind the astonishing events of the age. The 'll.
wi
fidel may scoff at such views ; but by those Wl'
believe in a superintending Providence, they
not be rejected without serious examination, 114
examined, I trust, without producing a Pi..tt
t
general persuasion that they are rational and Pis c
That they have been overlooked, in pars at
least, by many pious inquirers, is no argument),
against their truth. Much less should they
discredited because the extraordinary events bue,
the age have. not thus been construed by I,i to,
actors them, or, in general, by the iund'e"'llr,
spectators ; for it has been a common character
istic of the works of Divine Providence, attests,
by Revelation as such, that they have bee"
regarded, and their providential character di!
lieven during their progress, however conspire,.
ons the hand of God in them has afterwards villa,
come.—" Behold ye despisers, and wonder 9A,
perish ; for I work a work in your daysea
which ye shall in no wise believe, though "" •
declare it unto you."
(To be continued.) •

• Act
Where an assemblage of talent and experi Bess
is concentrated in one line of practice, a °lot
must attend their application, not to be- f°
)vats',
elsewhere. This has been evinced in the
blishment of the Medical Board at chow
ct,
Blacktriars-road, and at -Woo4sl7,ere
House, Woodstock-street, Oxford-street,
cures are every day performed in cases MQpd
have baffled the skill of eminent professors'
excited their astonishment. del
The Medical Board have particularly otte och
to those consequences of a certain disease, c ors.
entails the most distressing debilities,
lOa olio
hinges the constitution of both sexes. 14/0011.
remove the effects of those symptoms arisittg
juvenile indiscretion, from irregular
from a long-residence in warm climates"cobsti‘
dcscription they beg particularly to notice3ios 10,
nate eruptions in the skin, sore throat, Pi. OW
the bead and limbs, frequently mistaken f°' •
matism, strictures, fistulas, scrophula, efe'
Messrs COOPER and Co. after forty Ye',lltin.
tice in various Hospitals, are consulted s'ioht
stock-street, oxford-street, daily, froal,e, oclotte:
eight"; and at the Medical Board, (';',.5..at"
House, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfr'",oin'
precisely from twelve until eight in the ecincoille'
Mechanics, and persons of moderate f' hoe"
have advice grAtis, if they attend at coo° wore
namely, Tuesday, Thursday, and Sundldell
inns, until one o'clock, and every evelija'
lif!
six to eight. for 102,1
* * A side door, and private rooms

COAL MARKI...T, OCToar:4o' oce: ob
Ships at Market. Ships sold. g,l to 4bi. Pi'
10 Newcastle, 45 "5' 15' ok
41s 6"' ••••4'
2 Sunderland (2.. •••
.. • 1 to 0, •
1 Cohn 1 . .. ..•...345• 0` ' ef I°'
1 Canuell t •••• •••
50s• N. P
....... Pe
IiIII:f 11. irerrsee,
On Tuesday morning, Mrs. Farmer, at the '
nington-common, of a daughter. SW
MARE. I ED. readneilP
f I'll g
Yesterday, Mr. Francis Graham Moon, .3 ~., chal,6
street, to Ann, eldest daughter of the late 30111.

Esq. of
_ Kensington.___._
On the. 20th inst. at Bath, in the 190 year ? „oel WA, e.
ofi:
DIEM f 1115 g.e''.ll;ll
11:,,te,sc,tIll,iengelNel,:(ccx4'at:oisliflotii:li:tend IG)ye George Butler, I burstinglutle of
ast it: di (t):::4t-c°''' l'titf'Pdi'r
field,
On tshe:l,2' Gs Ili inst,
ant ofL Ledger's, rl 'ast,e after
a fortnight's illness, Nirs. Stanlio ' '''''''' of the
pt, WI _... CV
t,Stanhope,lieitil:::6i4.:telli:esidi3a;:eyl7l,a,:tr'‘h.l'll,,i)attiftlisi,ite,,l
iiss, a,
clati:Ll:teigi.ist.
el,tr:4;i:
E,si esa,q3.S. to- .
iTillun:diaes:sfl°3l'll4:tit:
~ %
Yesterday, in Cainden-strect, I\ll'idiese
1 , wife °off
Ile v . Juli a II arr i s , no w of tI i Hear (+'°.'d
rsiirciet)')eli:i4ill
Bucks.
on PROVINCIALII NIARRIAGF,
-----
Cleaver, to Mary, S ASV ''''):‘ClP. f 010
MA 11111 EP.
On the 16th inst. at Llang-adach, Csrata-11'fo. Njart:/;1I,
Williams Gwynne Hughes, Esq. Of TregH' , vrvse Pt°
Juliana, youngest daughter of the late Morga ( the r 4),
Inclegsit'ttlaantl-210itlesii:ONE. ojltrb.alnilP"t'°':inaiijiii).:,l,,e°:l:
Esq. of Glansevin, acedgreat Crand.daugbter eosci;tll°
I,ool'lrecf
Loud Viscoant HerefoLdg( - Wither of the rr
DI F.l). Leedtt ,J 0.,?.- io
On Tuesday last, at the Harehills, near
_,,ioc,-..„er ~,
Mr Griffith IVright. He had attained the, 71,,,iptit",
74 and was perhaps the oldest prorieter orblisbeti I( t.ii;il„7„.
this Itingdom,if not in the world, having (-',53"1,5 beforiefrut!„;"
Leeds' Intellig-encir, A. P. ly, 1 , nine 1,„ rettreucooci're
sent Majesty's accession to the throne• Tby the.fe; Vior
siness more than :15 years since. Chee:':.is.ate.l,l,otullitle
nest of a long and well spent public tend; ~,,- l)l' '..2104 r
tamed all his faculties till the day p :•-iiietl3., , . ,it,
when an universal paralysis suddenl, 0' I 1, ir' c?
?Jr. r-°
out pain, closed his earthly existence.
r.l athari'' 'clovc" ,
On the 18th inst. in Best-street, —O-,,,0e1, .- • Abbe!:
many years Minister of the Daptist L`" of r'4l;te.
Chatham. l't JO' r§'
I Wry. "-eds JP • Pi
Oct. 21, Mrs. West, V4ifo of Nsr• , .I,or-'' PP
street, Faversham ;Oct. ,22, Miss Citherill` . 500 _ells
of Mr. John Lording, of the salad Place.
,ofr.i°' ' ,
Hester Elgar. 1911)e" f i1;0,5,al
,
On Monday last, Mr. Joseph 80w11.12 a' a°' P
,1 o, cr
Bowman, of Lowgate, Hull. . t., ffer.o ari,t „,
On Friday morning last, .lerennat
low at
1000 ,
citty of Friends, and several years a ° tbe 1
flull.
mcLsastresl.y,
Fenton,Nlr. Titonias 7:i
dal
‘livnos
vo
dn;
etc.lLercke
____Pil :
~..::
5-4:1,
Murray
- - f ,''- 'lir
--
-- --- -- ---,'
..,- ift" s, (1. bei TO deft
LONDON: Printed bv.l. D. CAll5'll rtibl's ot 1
Ormond-street, Queen-square; and P
SCRIPPS, of No. 7, South Wit,lortiserl'
°dice, No. 112, Strand ; ss•herg it.„4,,foisci,
Letters, ay., (post.vaid) must bc au'

A

N

hoYAI
SITI

tftek-
-3 ,
the 81,
the me
4CqUain
ttewitr(

N. 4.
411:11 s

B
fttitt
11(.4,

1'14"
41,1'1
Iq4v,i
