COURSE OF EXCHANGE, December 24.

Amato dant
_ _

Ditto, at bight
Rotterdam l2 13
Atitwerp l4 7
Hamburg); 37 6 lUs
Altona
Paris, 3 Day's sight 2S 60 0 Us.
Ditto
llourdeaui, ditto
Frank fortou the Wain
Madrid
Cadia
Bilhoa 364 Elective
Barcelona
Seville , .. 351.
Gibraltar
Leghorn
Go tas ... ,iii-Venice, Ital. Liv 47 00
Malta 45 -Naples 4O
Palermo
Lisbon
Oporto
Itio3aneiro
Dublin .... Si Cork 9 pet Cent.
•
BULLION.

Portugal Gold, in Coio i.O 8 • 0 IltiOt.
Foreign Gold, io Bars 3 17'
New Doubloon.
New Dollars 0 4. •Pi
Silver'in Bars, standard:... ' ' 0 4' Ili '

TILE LONDON JOUB.NALS.

'DAILY EXTRACtS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.

December 25.

[km TiMES.]
We are happy to agree 'with any respectable
coternporary in our views of just and liberal
.policy : and therefore cordially accept the ap-.
probation of The Morning Chronicle as to the
".• opinion we have delivered on the course which
;.France. and England -oughe to pursue in me-.
• -liorating the lot of Greece, without endanger-,
ing the balance of power in Europe. That
opinion, however, we beg leave to say is wholly
our own ; for though it pleases our cotempo-
rary to designate our Journal as it Ministerial
one (perhaps not improperly in so far as we
~,bave given our humble but honest support to
-."Ministers in all the great features of their policy),
-, yet we never have suffered, nor ever shall suffer,
human authority to dictate the opinions
which we set forth to the public. On the other
hiui we are far from laying that claim which
7-he Morning Chronicle kupposes us to do, to in
fallibility in political prediction. We cannot
per.etrate the mysteries of foreign Cabinets or
Divans, where the springs of action- are carefully
cOncealed from all inspection ; but we can judge
of men by their . public coquet and avowed
principles, we can apply plain reasoning to
obvious facts, and it is thus, and thus alone,
That we have ever pretended to form an opinion
,of the relative policy of France and England.
The great thesis, which we have ever maintained,
is that France and England should know each
other .hetteT, in order that they might esteem
each other more—that they should draw their
knowledge from better sources, in order that it
might direct -them to more beneficial results.
it is as plain as any proposition in Euclid, that if
the two greatest and most enlightened Powers in
Europe agree to maintain the public Peace, upon
the principles of a just, generous and liberal po-
licy, it can be effectually disturbed by no single
power, nor by any other combination of powers ;
Russia can no more enforce any unreasonable de-
mand on the Porte,lhan the Porte can resist a
jest claim hi behalf of the oppressed and injured
C reeks.

rivIORNING HERALD.]
From what has taken place in the Spanish
Cortes, there is every reason to hope that order
and tranquillity will soon be restored in that,
kingdom. The sketch of the Report of the Com-
mittee, which we have given, affords every pro-,
spect of such a result. Those who drew it up
appear to have viewed the subject from an ele-
vation .far above passion and party. They have
abstained from denouncing or threatenidg the
persons who have marshalled themselves against
the Government, and they have, at the same
time, qualified the illegality of resisting the Con-
stituted Authorities of the State in decisive terms.
The accounts received from Spain since the organi-
zation of the Constituted Authorities,and the people
in Andalusia, have frequently stated that all that
prevented a cornpPnnce.with the orders of Go-
vernment was the want of any security against
vindictive punishment to those who have compro-
mised themselves. This they now have in the
Report of the Committee of the Cortes, which,
no doubt, will receive the sanction of that whole
body. The remedial measure proposed by the
Committee was presented under seal, and had
not been 'opened when the last accounts came i
away. There can be ,little doubt that it com-
prises the removal of the actual Ministers.—
hat step had long since been proposed by
the permanent Conmaittee of the Cortes, and
rejected by King, Ferdinand. Yet if there
be' any one thing clear as to the causes of
the troubles in that kingdom, it is the un-
fitness-of the men at the head of affairs. Is it
possible to acquit them of the disqualification
either of treachery or imbecility ? They even
came into the Cabinet under, suspicious and un-
constitutional circumstances. They were actually
smuggled into it by a cabal, if we may trust ac-
counts in some of the French" Liberal" Papers,
of the worst persons within the Court. Nothing
can be more disingenuous than the view taken of
the state of Spain by the Ministerial Papers in
this country, and the Ultra party Journals in
France. The representations of the latter are
natural and easily accounted for. Though many
of those who now skew so much zeal in France
for the sacredness of religion are renegade Anar-
chists and Atheists, yet they deplore the aboli-
tion of the Inquisition, the secularization of the
Monks—the insolence of the Laity in standing
, uncovered and erect before tire Priest, with the
same horror as the most fanatic Dominican—
merely because they find it their interest to sup-
port a system of Government founded upon des-
potism and priestcraft.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.

We believe few political axioms rest on a better
foundation than this : that a Revolution never can
take place in any Country, the Government of
.which is in degree adequate to the discharge of
the duties which men have a right to expect from
Government, and that Revolutions necessarily
carry with them their own justification. When
justice is well and impartially administered in any
Country, when property is secure, and industry
sant impeded ; when the power of trampling on
the. rest of the community is given to no privileged
class, it would he as' vain to attempt a Revolution
in it, as to attempt to blow down St. Paul's with a
common pair of fire-side bellows. It is only when a
country abounds with men who have nothing to lose
and something to hope for from a change, with men
without property and without the means of ac-
quiring it. with men soured by oppression, and
burning with the desire to take vengeance on
their oppressors, that a Revolution can be at all ef-
fected. When men feel themselves comfortable,they
are 'seldom desirous of change. Hence the ease
with which the Hanover Family retained pos-
session of the Throne of this Country, notwith-
standing the majority of the great Landholders,
down to, the reign of his late Nlajesty,were in the
Jacobite interest. Hence the only attempt
against that Family originated in a part of the
country,. namely, the Highlands of Scotland,
where the body of the people were totally un-
acquainted with the very. idea of comfort.
Heace the strength of the Government of this
country, compared with that of most coun-
tries of Europe. •

EMORNING POST.]
Two sets of French Papers to the 23d instant
arrived yesterday. From the nature of the in-
telligence which they communicate from St. Pe-
tersburgh and other quarters, no doubt of an ap-
proaching war between the Turks and Russians
can be any longer entertained. The Petersburgh
jonruals now speak openly, and in a country
where the liberty of the Press. has no existence,
eiery thing which is suffered
,to appear must of
course be taken as either expressing the send-
rronts of the Government, or at least as congenial
with its views. Thus, when it is said, under
the head of Petersburgh, ‘‘ it has been observed
tha tseveral G eneral.o tlicers attached to the person
of the Emperor have successively quitted the ca-
•pital, and it is added that they are charged with
orders for the Commanders in Chief of our various
'corps," • we may believe that what is given in
the shape of tt report, is a real fact. When we
1050 read under the same head :—" A report is
is ciroulation—here. that.. a considerable part of
our: troops will march into .Asiatic Turkey in
order to act in concert with the Persian Army,"
we may rest assured that the troops are on their
way, and we tnay..cease,.to doubt, .if we ever
could hesitate to believe, that the Persians took
up arms,, at the, suggestion of Russia. These
statements; in the Petersburgh Journals. are half
ayowals, intended to prepare, not the' Russian
fOr they, have Jong expected the intelli-
gence with eager anxiety, but the European
istt onarchs,who wished to doubt to the last minute,
ion the peat and final explosion which is about
taking place. Whilst negociating with the Minis-
ters of the Allies, Russia has silently completed
'her preparations, encouraged the Greeks, r .ised
the Persitins, the Druses, the Wechabites, and all
the ancient enemies of, the Porte; and more effec-
tually insured • the downfal of that Power, than
if she had unsheathed 'Old sword and crossed the
Pru tit: when the first .mis.s4crei in Moldavia and
Wallachia afforded her a just cause for interfer-
ing. An article of the ,3,5 th, inst..from Frankfort
Oates, .that a Firman had been published at Con-
stantinople on the Bth ult, declaring that the
Amnestylendered to the Greeks was withdrawn,
as thei had refused to avail themselVes of 'its
conditions. Letters from tonstantinople of No-
vember llth; announce that the celebrated city

• [BRITISH PRESS.]
The Paris Papers of Friday and Saturday last,
which have arrived at our Office, contain some
very interesting news concerning the affairs of
Spain. We know not whether we should be
perfectly justified in acceding to the notion ex-
pressed by some of the Paris Papers, that a civil
virar has actually commenced in Spain ; but there
is sufficient evidence that a serious, though per-
haps an accidental, rencontre has occurred near
Cordova, between two regiments of different
parties, in which they severally maintained
their political opinions by force of arms, and that
some lives were lost. The Paris Papers seem
to chuckle at this unhappy occurrence, as if
it were their desire or that of their readers
that Spain should undergo such calamities as
those which France so recently suffered.
They probably hold on this subject senti-
ments similar tb those which have been evinced
by some of the ministerial writers in our own
country, to whose view nothing appears so ab-
horrent as the prospect of a people seeking to
fling off the' burden of, slavery, and to enlarge
the sources of national and individual happiness
by correcting the character of its Government.
To persons impressed "With such feelings, a civil
war in Spain, accompanied by the desolation of
that fine country, would be highly acceptable ;
but we sincerely trust that in the present in-
stance their hopes will be disappointed. The
occurrence near Cordova, if truly stated, pre-
sents, no doubt, some circumstances of a very dis-
tressing character. Our readers are aware that
General Moreno Daoiz, who was lately appointed
by the King as the Military Chief "of the pro-
vince of Andalusia, had been refused admittance
into the town of Seville, and that he, in con-
sequence of this refusal, had gone to Cordova,
where he found a more hospitable or more loyal
reception. The indignity offered to the Royal
authority at Seville, in the refusal of this Gene-
ral, was one of the complaints recently made to
the Cortes by the King; and the report of the
Committee of the Cortes, to whom his Ma-
jesty's message was referred, fully asserted the
King's prerogative, and strongly condemned the
illegal and unconstitutional conduct of the Se-
villians. This report• is said to have operated
very favourably in many parts of the province
of Andalusia, confirming the unsteady in their
duty, and drawing back many who had been
misled, so that General Moreno Daoiz conceived
warm hopes of inducing the people of Seville to
recognise his authority. His efforts to effect a
pacific arrangement unfortunately failed, and he
then .applied himself to assert his power by
force of arms. He in consequence dispatched
a regiment of carbineers from Cordova to
occupy some important pass in the vicinity
of the town. General Velasco, who commanded
the mutineers at Seville, had dispatched a regi-
ment of cavalry to seize upon the same
point; the regiments met, and the madness of
party zeal unfortunately impelled them to a mu-
tual attack. Many lives are said to have been
lost, but the Royalists were eventually success-
ful, and maintained• their position. It is some
consolation to learn that Seville ,stands alone in
the Southern provinces of Spain in opposition
to the power of the Constitution, and that'
throughout the kingdom the only other place

of Bagdad, which had no other defence than a wl►ere a similar spirit prevails is Corunna, where
single wall of no strength, had been taken by Mina still exercises unlimited power. T hose
storm. The Persians are said to have put to the numerous other towns which had previously con-
sword the whole of the Turkish garrison, and curred in feeling with Seville and Corunna, have
most of the inhabitants who followed the doc- recognised the force of the appeal contained in
trine of Omar. The Christians alone had been the Report of the Committee of the Cortes, and
spared, conformably to the Manifesto published halle avowed their submission to the Cgnstitu-
by the Prince Royal of Persia. tional authority of the King. This chews
temper of mind in the mass of the Spanish people
that may justify the proudest anticipations of
their future welfare. It proves a readiness to
submit even their prejudices to the force of rea-
son and to the power of the law ; and that they
are as well capable of appreciating the spirit of
their Constitution as they were resolute in assert-
nc, their Freedom.

[TnE TIMES.]
The proceediugs in the case of the Sub-
scribers to the Beacok-bond are before the pub-
lic. The most remarkable clause in the abstract
of the bond, is one in which the subscribers agree
to exempt themselves from all responsibility.
" It being expressly understood (they say) that
" we have no concern in the property of the said
newspaper, nor any other responsibility re-1
" garding it,- nor control over it, except that
" we become bound in manner above and after
cc mentioned ;" that is, to subscribe one hun-
dred pounds each, if necesSary,' .for the sup-
port of the said libellous paper. It would
be very happy for some men if they could
thus exempt themselves from the legal responsi-
bility of their own actions, by a-previous resolu-
tion, secretly signed, that they would not be re-
sponsible. One man, for example, might throw
1,000/. into a commercial house, to divide as a
partner, with a secret resolution that he was not
responsible if the house failed. Another might
supply a man with a,dagger to murder an indivi-
dual, with a,secret resolution that he would not
be au accomplice if the murderer were detected.
Unfortunately; the law and common sense hold a
different opinion upon these subjects.

MANAGEMENT Or THE,POOR.—An experiment
has been tried for the bettering the condition of the labourers
in agriculture, and for reducing the poor rates in the parish
of `ferrington, by the apportionment of parcels of land, from.
one to five roods, which has been found, after three years' trial,
to be productive of the happiest effects. Through the kind-
ness of the Right Hon. Lady Frances Bentiuck, two pieces of
land were hired by the Overseers for the purpose, one of 22A.
2n. 39e'., the other three acres. Soon after it was known that
the land could be obtained, a notice was given that such per-
sons as thought.they could get their livelihood by the occupa-
tion of an acre, and their labour, without troubhng the parish,
should leave their names at the house of the Rev. Mr. Goode,
and state' their agesand number of children. Thislist having been
obtained, a meeting. in vestry was called, for the purpose of its
consenting to be guarantees for the rent, and also to choose la-
bourers for occupying th eland. The land was taken,and the choice
determined -in the following mariner :—First of all, four men
were picked out, who had in part brought up a family, and
had never troubled the parish at all. Then a number of those
were selected above fifty years of age; after that, those that
had three or more children, and among them, the worst and
most troublesome men in the parish ; the. reason of the last
selection being to try the real effect of the plan, on men of
all descriptions. The men being selected, and the two . and
20 acre-piece being divided into as many parts, the labourers
were called to another vestry meeting, and had possession given
them of their resepective pieces, by lot; all acre pieces but one,
and that half an acre. One acre was taken up by a -road cut
right through the piece, dividing the land into two equal parts,or
.• as nearly as possible. One of these parts is always in potatoes,
or pease and beans ii,n(l-• cabbages; the other is wheat. The
parish pays the expellee of the acre lost in the road. The fol-
lowing remarks are subjOined to a statement printed for dis-
tribution: the-amount of produce for two years (that for the
year ending Michaelmas, IC2O, not having yet been ascertained)
is as under : Wheat grown on 21A. 211. in two years, 161 coomb
3 bushels. Potatoes grown on ditto, in ditto, 136 lasts 16 sacks.
Pease, beans, and cabbages, a small portion on most of the
all/talents, and one half acre was in pease. Average : Wheat
per acre, seven cooinbs two bushels. Average : 'Potatoes per
ditto,. silt lasts, seven sacks, one bushel. The land is unin-
jured, part improved ; the former opposers of the measure in
the parish are now become its friends : the most troublesome
'labourers to the Overseer, now no trouble. There is more in.
dustry abroad—more spirit, and that a better one : less labour
in the market, a better understanding between master and la-
bourer, a greater opportunity anrded of mutually oblising
each other—much thankfulness, and less complaint.—(Norfolk
Paper.)

An official cotAnunication from the Portuguese
Secretary at War to Lieut.-Colonel CAMPBELL,
ex-Field Marshal in the service of his Most
Faithful Majesty, has been published in the
Diario do Govern°, by which it appears that
" the Lieut.-Colonel having arrived at Lisbon' on
his way to Gibraltar, to take the command of
the 75th Regiment, and applied for leave to stay
a few weeks in that capital, for the purpose of
kissing his Majesty's hand, embracing his friends,
and settling his private affairs, and having further
offered to pledge his honour that he would not
meddle with the political affairs of the country
during his visit, his Majesty was pleased to au-
thorize the Minister to assure him, that, " for the
whole time he should find it necessary to remain
in Lisbon for the above purposes, he would be
considered as a subject of his Britannic Majesty,
appointed by his Sovereign to the command of
one of the regiments of that Power."
We hope a correpondent is misinformed who
states to us that it is intended to discharge 5,000
men from the Dock-yard and Victualling Esta-
blishments, and reduce a number of the clerks
employed therein. Five senior clerks in the
Navy Office, two of the second cla:s and eight of
the third class, and two senior clerks of the Ad-
miralty, are to be reduced. We are informed
that Mr. FINLAISON has been removed from the
Admiralty, where he was principal clerk and li-
brarian to the Treasury department.—(!lamp.
shire Telegraph,) •
The northern and western coaches did not a.'
rive on Sunday night until long after their usual
time, being heavily laden with parcels from the
country.
A REMEDY FOR BAD TistEs.—A gentleman of
this town has undertaken, 'for a wager, to live
upon three pence per day for 28 successive days,
including both liquids and solids. He commenced
the performance of the task on 'Tuesday last,
and should he prosecute it with the same
spirit and determination which he has hitherto
manifested (of which there is very little doubt)
it will certainly be verifying the observation of
one of our Poets, that " Man wants but
little here below."—We presume the Gen-:
tleman is endeavouring to rival the celebrated
Cornaro, who, when about 40 years of age, corn-
menced a life of singular abstinence, by which.he
removed several maladies to which he had
always been subject, and lived, almost free from
pain, to the great age of 101, dying at Padua,
in April, 15616.---(Birmingham Commercial lie.
raid.)
