SECOND PART.

BEETHOVEN'S GRAND BATTLE SJNFONIA,
By the augmented Band, with instruments of novel construc-
tion, aNd 340 rounds of artillery and musketry, giving the
roost vivid realization of the events of the Battle 05 Vittoria.
Ovorture—Dat; :.lacthlajer in Grenada. Grand Selection from
P.ebert le Diable. Waltz—Freuden Grusse. Quadrille—La
Beiic Victoria.

vast Panor.atha al Fresco of Iceland and its Volcanoes, by
Danson—freaking up of the Ice—Melting of the Snows-
-1 elea.se and Departure of the Discovery Ship.
Car ier's astonishing " Koniaphostic," or " Lime Light.
ADMISSION ONE SHILLING.
Feeding Hour of the Carnivora, Five o'Clock.
Concert commences at Six.

WATEI; AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
o,g 52 minutes alter Y. I Evening S minutes after

rubrication of the Evening Editisa of Tnx SUN com-
menced at 10 minutes after Three.

_4-•
efe
Wkiki"?,
r pc
' 11

LONDON:
THURSDAY, AUGUST 27. 1840.

Here, then, is a clever man converted by prose-
---es---- , cution into a political enthusiast, if he were not
We have not till now found an opportunity to one before, and placed by the act of imprisonment
notice the dinner which was given at Manchester iat the head of the people. He is henceforth one
on Monday week to Messrs. M'DOUALL and lof their natural leaders, for them a Noble. It is
COLLINS, two of the leaders of the Chartists, who i customary with certain writers of both political
have recently been liberated from prison. At the parties to ridicule all such meetings and ebullitions
,ame time we think such events, and the language of popular sentiment. We might despise them,
used on sueh occasions, amongst the most memo- too, if we had a conviction that our institutions in
rable and instructive of the passing day. Fur 1 Church and State were perfect, or even founded on
statesman to be ignorant of what the masses think, J principles which are theoretically just. But that is
of what the masses say, and of what the masses I not now, we believe, the opinion of any one in-
propose to do, is to expose the commonwealth to quirer, in the wide dominions of her MAJESTY,
great and certain danger. What the statesmen of whatever actions prejudice, tradition, or prescription
France are plotting, what the Despot of Russia is may dictate. We remember that WHITFIELD and
concocting, and maturing the means of executing,our WESLEY, and a much more venerated name, were
statesmen should undoubtedly endeavour to aster- all scoffed and mocked at by the witlings of their
tain ; but that knowledge is infinitely less important day ; but their enthusiasm ended in a vast reform,
to the public welfare than a knowledge of the opi- still in progress, and embracing the empire, or
'lions and projects of our own population. As an the world. There may be, for there has been, a
index, therefore, to their feelings, wishes, and pur- political as well as a religious enthusiasm, and per- ,
suits, we shall now place before our readers rather i secution and ridicule seem to point out such men
a copious notice of what there took place, and they I as Mr. M'DOUALL and, Mr. COLLINS as its tri-
may be assured that the sentiments of the speakers umphant heroes.
there, and even far wilder thoughts, find an echo The speech of Mr. COLLINS, a person never
in the bosom of three-fourths of the working-men heard of till he was, in an unfortunate moment,
throughout the kingdom. prosecuted and sent to gaol for the fault of the
We may at once say, that the necessity for us Birmingham Magistrates, was eloquent and nes-
ts, make the proceedings widely known, is the more vous, equally honourable to himself and to his corn-
imperative, inasmuch as the organs of those op- panion in gaol, whom he described as his excellent
posed to the Chartists in the manufacturing dis- friend Mr. LOVETT, but who, gone to his native
trieti, ' either studiously misrepresent, or fail to county to recruit his shattered health, was not pre-
notice their proceedings, and so nurse in our rulers sent to share his companion's triumph. We will
the dame unfortunate ignorance, or false knowledge, quote two passages, regretting that we cannot quote
which formerly led to those prosecutions the bitter more. Of Mr. LOVETT he said— •
fruits of which, in the general exasperations of the He had seen the man's untiring solicitude even in the
people, the public will, we fear, have much reason ,
thedungeon'sa
nguis of
gloom
b 0
d iforiysuffering thesear
inns;
w o ta'
s uponthep e
him he had laid
people ; and when
to deplore. We have never joined in the abuse I
beside him through the dark and dreary hours of prison
which the Tory Journals heap on the monied capi- nights, and had marked his firm adherence even then
talists and on the factory lords ; we have zealously
to the people's cause, while he offered up many a fer-
vent prayer for its success. He had watched the work-
supported,
on the Corn-law question, their into- ings of his mind, and he had watched but to be convinced
rests, though nor merely for their sake, nor with their that it was not in the power of his enemies tomake his
arguments ; but we never for one moment considered
spirit man t quail.—(Loud
as cheers.)hasty, What
foolish expressiont tookthe
t wait
of the
o them to be exclusively the best and only good law- moment—it was no vain boast, or the mere escape of an
makers, and exclusively entitled to make and work empty threat uttered in the moment of excitement, or in
the full burst of enthusiasm—no, it was a calm, delibe-
the law for their advantage. They are numerous, '
, rate act, the consequences of which he foresaw.—
wealthy, and powerful, but they are not the whole (Cheers.)
) Tie:: people had been interfered with in exer-
society. They have almost exclusively the elec- cising their right of peaceably meeting to discuss their
total power in the towns, and a commanding influ- grievances, and a resolution was proposed in the Con-
enc
venting, the consequences of which it was foreseen could
e with the Government ; but those will commit be nothing short of a Government prosecution. It was
a fatal mistake who see and -listen only to the proposed that all should sign it. " No," said William
Lov.ett, "it is sure to bring. down,, a prosecution ; one
mid.ile and upper classes. We are quite confident
victim is enough—l'll sign it. —(Loud cheers.) And
that the reports which The Sun gave of the pro- with this knowledge of its consequences he did sign it.
ceedings of the Convention were of essential —(Enthusiastic bursts of cheering.) And why? Be-
benefit to the public, and we conceive a similar cause the right of public meeting had been invaded—
benefit will be the result of our making generally had been invadedb_ y an unconstitatio
.1 force.-..-
felt at the reservatio of this
known the proceedings of the Chartists on Mon-
right of there oplHee in its integrity waps at stake; and I
day week at Manchester. would say again, and my friend Lovett has said so
On that day Mr. M‘DouAnn, who was im- again and again," Welcome the imprisonment of War-
wick ao rater prisoned in Chester Castle for a seditious speech,
mendo gusl cheehring th an it should be sacrificed."—(Tre-
.)
having been discharged at the end of his term, We beg to • f
orm the leaders of both political
in
made a kind of triumphal entry into Manchester.
that they must put forward their crack men
parties
The procession, says the Manchester Times, from they mean to meet Mr. COLLINS, and men like
which we abridge our notice, amounted to upwards ifMr. COLLINS,their own field, with any chance
Lusts on
of 2,000 persons, and upwards of 500 sat down
of w. • back
inningtheir influence over the people.
to dinner. There was a portrait of Mr. M`DoUALL, They must win it back or convulse society. If it
and banners with such inscriptions as " Labour,
b
mental and-physical, is the only source of wealth,"e wholly lost, if that separation which we deplore
" The People's Charter," " Peace an earth, and continues to widen and widen, the masses cannot
good-will to all iiien." The dinner was remark- be long coerced in spite of themselves, by men en-
ably orderly ;and whatever may be the effect on the listed from amongst them, and imbued with their• •
opinions. Of democraoy Mr. COLLINS said—
Excise, morals will be benefited by nothing having
Eat there is an argument to be drawn in favour of
been drunk but ginger-beer and lemonade. In the me- deniocracy far transcending this. The pyramids of
tropolis there can scarcely be such a •without E apt and the pillar of Pompey 'stand mouldering •
meeting, g. .
having a Member of Parliament, solitary majesty, the monuments of kingly folly and of
or some person con-
weakness, and are fast crumbling into dust; but the
nected with the upper classes, to preside; at Manches- : :ofthe eemocratie institutions of Greece
and
ter the president was the Rev. Mr. S sprit
CHOLEFIELD, Rome live in the literature -of the present day,
• and we believe not one master, or person mingle with the laws and usages of modern Europe
connected
with the masters, was present. Everyare to be found in the refinements of our society, and
evidence that 1,7i1l l to exercise an in d the
we meet with of such an entire separation between Iltestcontinue ages of posterity.—(Applauflse.)uence Weown areto told
the classes, seems to us to bode much evil to the that
the working classes are not fit to be entrusted
communitv. That the animal impulses of the people with the franchise. Let us look to the history of
those of the world here demstitu-
are proportionably strong as they are removed from
Lions have prevailed for anw answer, and ratisece if in
they
discipline and cultivation is undeniable, and driven f have not been conducive to the benefit of mankind. In
by them, without wise leaders, they will hurry them- C the democratic Cantons of Switzerland, we find that
selves and others to destruction. art and commerce go hand in hand ; that knowledge and
freedom, twin sisters, have enabled prosperity to smile
After dinner the first toast was "The sovereignty , upon every cottage. There their laws are simple, and
being easily understoodbeyed • and when
of the people," on which a Mr. LEECH, afterwardsare readily o , they are ciisobeved justice is promptly and cheaply admi-
described as a working man doomed "to bear the nistered......l
k He'ar, Bear.) There, let there be but the
brand of slavery," responded, and we shall quote a trilioesStpdiriisttaonft attempt at an invasion of their rights, and
' • h will not make a less the freedom warms up their hearts, and nerves
passage from his speech, wnic arm to
protect them.—(Applause.) Look at America,
I as it . the home of
impression on the labouring masses, repeater ~ the destitute of all nations.—(Cheers.) See
how she has been, by all the journals which they habitually is adding. town to town and village to village
throu h herg immense territories, and bringing
read, from its being strictly true :
, .them, as
i it were, by the most
By the system of legislation hitherto pursued, we saw ! communit-..
y Here you see stupendous works of art into one
a state of things existing in Ireland which ought to i immensely increased.by the
refuse
aefcountry whose population,
open our eyes. We saw the people of that country I vie:ous and depraved of all lands have all Europe, for the
actually starving for want, while they were actually I America, and have been freely sd . found a home in
sending 7,000 head of cattle week) out of the country , citizenship ; and yet with all J'a mated to the rights of
to Liverpool. poverty and woe trans.. Here, then, was theypicture of a people ' lanted from other lands has she actually wading through th'e fat of the land, while they stacle,p and progressed to a stateeesfurmounted every ob-
were not allowed even to taste of it —(hear ) :t almost within the memory of greatness and pros-
Tire s.-. Lee thingh. per' y,. man, which other
vvas goine out in E 1. d 11
eg an Hear, ose w o countries have not attained.during long centuries of timprodt. ed the clothing' -
e,
and comforts of the rich were
not a' (.-7ed a covering for themselves. ThisWe have done. With such leaders, animated • with
the working-classes not being recognised. as the came
p o of
isle, such enthusiasm, the working-classes, whatever they

The official evening papers contradict the rumour
~ mentioned by some of the journals, that M. de Ba.
R..
a.oYAL BOTANIC SOCIETY OF LONDON.—
rante, the French Ambassador at St. Petersburg, has
.n last general meeting for the season, preeedine the an.,
been recalled.
atversary, took place on I, uesday, Benjamin Bond Cabbed,
the chair. Since the election of her Royal
" It appears," says the Commerce, " that the dan- Highness the Duebess of Kent, this Society has received
gers which our colonies would incur in the event of a another distinguished honour in the addition to their list of
war have roused the attentieo of the delegates, and the fellows, of the Larne; of their Royal Highnesses Prince
solicitude of the Minittee of the Marine. A credit of Albert and the Duke of Cambridge the following lady
1,900,000 francs is to be opened to the Minister, to and gentlemen were also elected renews on this occasion :
enable him to put Fort Royal, in Martinique, and some --Mrs. Verschoele !Jr. Harris Dunsfcrd, E. H. Shcp.
other points,
. pard, kcal., and Peter Squire, Es.q. .
.. , .
in a: good state of defence."
The Toukanais has the following from Alexandria : iVIr. John Attwood, the pleatitifl ini tole, " rhino-
-" An -English steamer arrived on the 6th instant ceros case," as feed nrougham termed.t
the
o
h 'A
estates t tw o oodf
with, despatches for the English representative, who imme- v.. Smalls" has, we are informed,i purchased,he
1. purchase money
eiately applied for an audience of the Pasha ; but the cun- Sir John Owen, in Pernbrokesh r_ f _
is stated to be about 300,000/. ni°lverhampton Chronicle.
ning old man contrived to make his escape to his pleasure house, which is between twelve and fifteen leagues ' We learn from the
DUTY ON tRENCH oAgi:
from Alexandria. The officers of the Etna have been dournal de Granville that the
French oak exported
French Government have.
ship-building, which
presented to the Viceroy, who received them with
great amenity. His countenance was serene, but his laid a duty of 10d. per cubic foo,tooonf
from that country for the pu.ePro'n,
. eyes sparkled with animation. Navin asked the French amounts to an absolute prohibition,
d Jersey Paper.
judicial to the shipwrights of this 1 ,
Consul whether he had received any news and bei
yesterday afternoon two otn.
swered thet very important intelligence ha,cl arrivendg, an
- About four o clock
d,.slaanod..w_ill be highly pre-
received the whole party with ereat •
scrutny, and then In a short time one
onfibvuasreisourasnvoahriaocleesinantdhep.aSsstoroaonerst,o the imminent danger
exclaimed, " Well, Bekaloun, we shall tintl ll that,l of them,
.No. 442, came in contact with a taxed cart, and
between us ; and, after a moment's silence, aeddead,down the horse and driver.
am expecting news from Constantinople, which must Thee futluenceatse,it
escaped with some severe bruiaes
soon arrive, and which I elaitte'rnt
predict with confidence will on the foot and leg. y
change the face of things." It should seem that, in eon- HONESTY REWARDED.—On the
sequence of this news, he will be disposed to temporise conductor of one of Chancellor's omnibuses in
as he has already in the case of the English Consul. clearing out the straw aft •r the
discovered under one' of the seats a
We are assured that immediately', and as if the treaty had been already ratified, Admiral Stopford received orders to commence operations by blockading E 7 •
and Syria. €,3l)'
We find in the Semaphore of Marseilles the followin
paragraph from Beyrout : ,
fbouorrn
,aBccire ks u ion Cck..
" twelve o'clock journey,"
three bank-notes of 501. each, thll3-eoeckeehte(b.mk't containing
pCteladuhdtellsScooftte,
xatnhdaoPgr,eiediofro2ro9o°ll.”e7e.6cht'; he
also.,
43/. nand
found several letters and notes addressed to Mr. Itmpi4,
search of the l
" The English Consul, excited by a spirit of hostility long in d.
against the Pasha, lately attempted to conceal his hatred owner the
and political designs under the veil of. humanity, g New "r"d, Bce. Accordingly, next day, he proceeded in
oser, according to
iscrooverintg hifrn
which Its returned the uddres3, and was not
to the astoni,hed
be had only that morning
Y. He discovered the iloest.,Y, of
at that moment writing an ad.
has called upon the other Consuls to join him in pro_ vertisement describingan it, wasand offering 301. reward upon
' testing against the system of armed terror employed in its restoration. Mr. Kempis was so struck with the honesty
the mountains, but the French and Austrian Consuls re- and promptitude of the conductor, finding that the man
fused to concur with him, not that they did not lament had. a wife and four children, instead of the 30/, with
seeing the Egyptian authorities have recourse to him whieh he bad intended rewarding the finder, he presented
vigorous measures, but they felt that such an unanimous iv. with._ 601.
t would have the effect of reviving hopes now ex. 1,41 VAL APPOINTMENT .
s Sir Samuel Ro-
protes
berts has been 'commission the Calcutta.
tinguished, and thus make the Viceroy liable to fresh ern- l
Lieut. Livings appointed to . .
to command the Buzzard, in the room of
barrassments. It is certain that it this protest had been : Lieut. Fitzgerald,- Pdd b R
invAlided. (',apt. u 'eon) , M.
delivered, Commodore Napier would immediately have ! appointed Paymaster at Plymouth, vie... Kinsman, dece'ased.
sunk the three Egyptian ships which. still remained in i Lieut. C. A. Packer, R.M., to be Quartermaster in the
Ulu road, not having returned with the fleet to Ales_ I Chatham division, vice Savage, promoted,
