ARMY CONTRACTS.

Commissariat Department, Treasury
Chambers, August 27, 1825.
N OTICV is hereby given to all Persons de-
--
sirous of contracting to supply the following Articles
fur the Use of the Army, viz.:—
BREAD—To his NlalAty's Land Forces in Cantonments,
Quarters, and Barracks, in the under-mentioned Counties,
and Islands :

Bedford, Berks (including the Town of Hungerford),,Ber.
wick, Bucks, Cambridge (including the Town of Newmar-
ket), Chester, Cornwall (including Scilly), Cumberland; Der-
by, Devon, Dorset, Durban), Essex (exclusive of Tilbury
Fort), Gloster (including the City of Bristol), Hants, Here.
ford, Hertford, Hunts, Isle of. Man, Isle of Wight, Kent
(including Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex), Lancaster,
Leicester, Lincoln, Middlesex, Monmouth, Norfolk, Nor.
tharnpton, Northumbrland, Nottingham, Oxford, Rutland,
Salop, Somerset, Stafford, Suffolk, Surrey, Sussex, War-
wick, Westmorland, Wilts, Worcester, York, North and South
Wales, in the several Counties in North Britain, and in the
Islands of Alderney, Guernsey, ankslcrsey.
As also Bread to the Household Troops in London and its
Vicinity.

OATS, to his Majesty's Cavalry and Artillery Horses, in
Cantonments and Quarters, in the under-mentioned Coun-

ties :

Bedford, Berwick, Bucks, Cambridge, Chester, Cumber-
land,. Derby, Durham, Gloucester, Hereford, Hertford,
Hunts, Leicester, Lincnln, Monmouth, Oxford, Rutland,
Salop, Stafford, Westmorland, Wilts, Worcester, North and
South Wales,

FORAGE, viz:—OATS, HAY, and STRAW—To his Ma-
jesty's Cavalry and Artillery Horses. in Barracks, and Oats,
in Cantonments and Quarters, in the under-mentioned
Counties.in South Britain : -

Berks, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Essex, Hants (including
the,_lsle of Wight)i Kent, Lancaster, Middlesex, Norfolk,
Northampton, Northumberland, Nottingham, Somerset, Suf-
folk, Surrey, Sussex, Warwick, York, and in the several
Counties in North Britain.

That the Deliveries are to commence on and for the 25th
day of October next; that PropoSals in writing, sealed up,
and marked "Tender, for Army Supplies," will he received
at this Office on or tiefore Tuesday, the 27th day of Sep.
tember, hut none will be received after Twelve o'Clock on
that Day.

Proposals most be made separately for each County, and
Island, except for the Counties comprising North and South
Wales, all of which must be included in one Tender; like-
wise the Islands of Alderney, Guernsey, and Jersey; as
also the several Counties in North Britain; and each
Proposal must have the Letter which is annexed to the Ten-
der properly filled up, by Two Persons of known Property,
engaging to become hound with the Party tendering, in the
Amount stated in the printed Particulars, for the due per-
formance of the Contract; and no Proposal will be noticed
unless made on a printed Tender, and the Prices expressed
in words at length.; and should it so happen that during the
continuance of the Contract no Troops should be supplied
by virtue of the same, the expence of the Stamps on the Con-
tract and Bond, paid in the first instance by the Contractor,
shall be refunded to him.

Particulars of the Contracts may be had upon application
at this Office, between the hours of Ten and Four, and of the
Barrack-:Masters in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and
Man ; and as. several Alterations have been made in the
[hinted Particulars, which Alterations are printed in Italic,
it is requested that Persons making Tenders will carefully at-
tend to the same.

P. S. Samples of the Bread and Meal may he seen at this
Office between the hours of Twelve and. Two.

✓IUSICAL FESTIVA L
of the GENERAL INFlR-
and 7th OCTOBER, 1825.
fonourable EARL HOWE.
lONS.

pERBY GRAND
IF for the BENEFIT
MARY, on the 4th, sth, CAI],
PRESIDENT—The Right If
PATR
Sir Charles Abney Hastings, B
His Grace Duke of Devonshire,
The Duke of Norfolk
The Earl of Surrey
The Earl of Chesterfield
'The Earl of Harrington
The Earl Beauchamp
The Earl Newburgh
Lord G. H. Cavendish, M.P.
Viscount Melbourne
Viscount Petershem
Viscount Kinnaitd
Lord SeareQale
Lord Vernon
Lord Waterpark
The Hon. (ileorge Vernon
The Hon. Nathaniel CumOn
The Hon. GEotge Lambe
On TUESDAY MORNING, October 4th, in the Parish
Church of All Saints, a SERMON will be preached by the
Him. and Right Rev. Lord Bishop of LICHFIELD and CO-
VENTRY.—During Divine Service a SELECTION of SA-
CRED 31081 C will be performed, from the Compositions of
the most esteemed Masters, supported by the whole strength of
the Vocal Band.

lan. High Sheriff of the County
Lord lieutenant of the County
The Hon. fr. M. Cavendish
Sir Roger Gresley, Bart.
Sir F. Burdett, Bart. M.P.
Sir George Crewe, Bart.
Sir Wm. Brown Cave, Bart.
Sir Henry );,very, Bait.
Sir Robert Wilm'ot, Bart.
Sir Matthew Blakiston, Bart.
Sir Oswald Mosley:, Bart.
Sir Henry Fitz Herbert, Bart.
Sir George Sitwell, Bart.
Sir Charles Colville

Francis Munday, Esq. 31. P.
H. F. C. Cavendish, Esq. M.P.
T. W. Coke, jun. Esq. M.P.

On WEDNESDAY,. the sth, a PRA ND SELECTION.
On THURSDAY, the 6th, the Sacred Oratorio of THE
MESSIAH.

Arid-onYit !DAY, the 7th, a Second GRAND SELEC-
TION.

In the Evenings there will be--THREE CONCERTS, com-
prising (besides Songs and Solo Concertos from the principal
performers), Finales, Quartettos, Terzettos;' and Duettos,
from the celebrated Operas of Rossini and. Mozart ; as also,
the favourite Glees as sung at the Ancient and Vocal Concerts ;
and from the great strength of the Instrumental liand,ethe va,'
rious Sinfonias.and Overtures will be performed with an effect-
never surpassed.

'PRINCIPAL VOCAL PERFORMERS.

Madame Ronzi de Begnis, Mis;WainisOnilliatlame Cara-
dori, MisS Travis, and Miss Stephens; .Jr. Vaughan, Signor
de Bevis, Mr. Knyvett, Mr. Whall, Mr: Phillips, and Mr.

PRINCIPAL INSTRUMENTAL PERFORMERS,
_ M.F. (.• r AMER, Leader.
T
_ • _

31r. Mori; 31r. Lindley, principal Violoncello; Mr. Dra-
gonetti, prircipal Double Bass ; Mr. 31oralt, principal Second
Violin;
Mr. Daniels, principal Viola; Mr. Ling, First Oboe;
Mr. Nichol Son, First Flute; Mr. Willman, First Clarionet ;
Mr. Mackintosh, First Bassoon; Mr. Harper, First Trum-
pet ; Messrs. Petrides, Frst and Second Horns; Mr. Jenkin-
son, Double Drums.
Organ and Conductor, Mr. GREATOREX.
The Instrumental Pand will consist of nearly One Hundred
Performers.; •selected'from the Ancient Concert, Philharmonic,
and Opera Orchestras ; and the Chorussys will be sustained by
a careful and numerous selection from the'Choral Societies' in
Lancashire • and Yorkshire, aided by Gentlemen from 'the
Chtirs in London, Lincoln, Lichfield, &. —The entire Bag. ld
will be little short of Three Hundred Pertbrmers,

COLONIAL INTELLIGENCk

(From the Barbadian of July 15.)
The following Petition from the Legislature
of St. Christopher's was recently transmitted
by a Committee of the Council and House of
Assembly; to be laid before the House of Com-
mons :

The humble Petition of His Majesty Council and House of
Assembly of the Island of Saint Christopher,
. .

TO THE COMMONS OF THE UNITED' KINGDOM, IN PAR-

LIA3IEN'T ASSEMBLED,
Sheweth,—That the Voice of your Petitioners, the faithful
echo of the sentiments of the inhabitants of this island, which
upon former occasions has been raised in supplication to your
Honourable House, now,itsstunes the language of despair.
That the prayer ulyour petitioners has been suspended, under
the hope that their representation and manifest disvess would
have excited the attention and compelled the interference of your
Honourable House in their behalf.

That your Petitioners have with mournful fidelity heretofore
represented the injustice and oppression which they, and the in-
terests they represent, have long endured ; and your Petitioners
now declare to your Honourable House that the predicted crisis,
the inevitable result arising from the neglect of their representa-
tion, is arrived.

That evu.ry part of the empire, every other branch of indus-
try, has prospered under the wisdom of your protecting care,
whilst this portion of the empire is advancing with rapid strides
to that ruin which a mischievous system and abandonment to
the visionary experiments of specious and interested projectors,
cannot fail to consummate.

That the evils which oppress your Petitioners must command
immediate relief, or produce interminable ruin.
That your Petitioners may not be silent under this ex-
pectation, lest they,- to whom important interests are con-
fided, should be considered as acquiescing in the measures
which have laid them prostrate, and which have made them
and their children familiar with the bitter evils of penury
and want.

That the struggle of your Petitioners is not now for restora-
tion to that prosperity which once smiled upon them, but for
bread ; not for the acquisition of power, but in order that the
knife may be averted from their throats. If they are to be
sacrificed, let it not be expected that they are to be their own
executioners ; if they are to fall, let them at least be prepared
by converting their, plough-shares and prunning-hooks into
weapons of defence. That this is no exaggerated pictUre of the
existing distress and apprehension, is attested by the rapid re-
volution with which prOperty has 'seen transferred. Scarcely
is an ancient name in possession of its patrimony ; and those
who have been driven to the possession of it, find it an incum-
brance instead of payment.
That the evils by which this desolation has been accom.
plished- are the heavy duties to which the staple productions
are subject, the peculiar pressure of the 4. per cent. impost,
and the wild and intemperate machinations of those who con-
template that desolation with triumpharat and most unholy
feelhigs. That your petitioners have only to refer to the
journals of your Honourable House for the proof that the faith
of Parliament is pledged to the abolition of the war duty upon
sugar; that this duty has been drawn, not from the pocket of
the consumer, but of the producer, during ten years of peace;
And that. scale of duties, varying with the price, is the only
fair mode of taxation. They have only to refer to their own
palpable wretchedness as a claim upon the justice of your
Honourable House, that this pledge be redeemed by the
abolition of this duty alone, or by the modification suggested
by the enlightened Report of a Committee , of your Ho-
nourable House. Can the consumption of sugar be in-
creased, so as to make any beneficial impression upon the
MAO hogsheads for which, under great disadvantage to
the revenue, a partial sale is now forced upon the Continent
of Europe, and of which the residue is accumulating as a
fund, which checks the industry and blasts the efforts of these
Colonies ?

your petitioners also bring under the notice of your Honour-
able House the peculiar hardship. to which they are exposed by
the partial and oppressive impost of 4j per cent. on all their
exported produce. By a principle, in contradiction to the
prevailing liberality of his Majesty's Government, as well as
to the wisdom of your Honourable House, this impost is con-
tinued to the most exhausted and impoverished Colonies;
whilst Jamaica, with her internal resources, which make her
independent of foreign supply ; and Trinidad, who hag lately
been draining themselves, favoured islands of thousands of
their labourers ; and the recent acquisitions of Demerara
and Berbice, with their inexhaustible soil, are exempt from
this fiscal duty : the wretched islands of this Government, and
sonic others under the same sad influence, are exposed to its
unequal operation. Your petitioners know not by what au.:
thority this tax was imposed upon this island. They do not
regard the departure from that which is alleged to be the ori-
ginal application of this fund. They complain of its burden
as partial and oppressive ; as a check upon their anxious in-
dustry, and as preventing a fair competition in the market with
more favoured colonies. If it be contended that it is the price
of immunities granted by the. Crown, in what do, they consist ?
,What privileges'do these islands possess that are not enjoyed
by their most prosperous neighbours ? It is at least incumbent
upon those who permit the tax, to shew that the colonies which
are subject to it have advantages which are denied to those who
are not. But your petitioners humbly submit that they enjoy
no privileges that are not the birthright of every Briton. That
they ought at least to be allowed to go into the market as
unlettered as their more prosperous neighbours, and that the
injustice and impost are too manifest to require further elu-
cidation. And your petitioners moreover complain, that the
Act 4 Geo. 111. ch. 15, whereby a duty •of 11. is laid upon
every tun of wine of the growth of the 51adeiras, imported
into these colonies, which is to be paid into the receipt of
his Majesty's Exchequer, and together with other duties of
the said Act imposed to be entered separate and apart front
all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, and to be
there secured, to be from time to time disposed of by Par-
liament towards defraying the necessary expences of defend-
ing, protecting, and securing these colonies, is at variance
with the Act of 13 Geo. 111. c. 12, whereby it was declared
" that the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not
impose any duty, tax, or assessment whatever, payable in any
of his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies, except only such
duties as it may he expedient to impose for the regulation of
commerce, the net produce of such duties to be 'always ap.
plied to the use of the colony in which the same shall be
levied, in such manner as other duties collected by the autho-
rity of the General Assemblies of the colonies are ordinarily
paid." It was scarcely to be expected that that which was so
solemnly abandoned in principle should be upheld in practice.
And that.the Parliament, renouncing injustice for the future,
should tolerate, sanction, and Continue that which was already
framed and organized. Anti your petitioners further repre-
sent, that this duty, which ought to have been reserved for
the exclusive benefit of this colony, should be considered as
ample indemnity already in the King's Exchequer (if indeed
indemnity can be expected for such an injustice) for the 4i per
cent. duty. •
That your petitioners approach the remaining subject of
their complaint with full confidence that the energy of your
honourable,llouse will for ever put 'down within its walls, the
attempt which is so covertly, but so. successfully Contributing
.toy ,that result which must exterminate one class of his' Majesty's
subjects in these. colonies,. and familiarize the other with
all the-barbarities of savage life. Upon this subject your peti-
tioners exercise the privilege of speaking openly—they at once
acknowledge the paramount authority, as by law established,
of the King's Government, administered by responsible .
ser-
vants, 'and of a responsible Parliament. Ant, if these colonie4
• were the victims of a power which is recognized by the Consti-
tution, they could only deplore in silence that they. are deprived
of those blessings, and of that equal justice which their. happy
form of government promised to all. But your petitioners
protest against their tbrtunes, their character, their safety,
being.abatidoned to the controul of an ascendant party, which
is composed of some noblemen of the highest rank, of several
well-intentioned, and of many obscure and crafty individuals,
a party which, as it seems to your petitioners, has been allowed
upon all subjects of colonial policy to have a fatal influence on
the decisions of his •Majesty's Government, and even upon the
deliberate wisdom of your Honourable House, and which still
urges on, in despite of the streams. of blood-which it has made
to flow, its rash and relentless measures, so as to defeat the be-
nevolent purpose which your petitioners entertain, and hereby
to retard or frustrate the moral and religious improve-
ment of the slave, which can alone qualify him for the
entire possession of his civil rights—a party,- which in scornful
allusion to the calumnies which it propagates, has designated
the slave as its friend aad brother, and has placed itself in

PkrcE SEVENPF;NCr.

, •
merciless and unchristian hostility to' the more unfortunate
master, and which, in its. display of cheap benevolence towards,
one Class .of men, has deviated from the •principles of common
justice towards another. Your petitioners lay out of yotit
consideration all those circumstances which the highest legal.
opinion would authorise them to urge. They do not rely upon :
those facts, which no man can deny," that the personal slavery
arising out of forcible captivity, is co.etial with the earliest pe,
riods of our history of manlcinw that it Is found existing, and,
as far as it appears, without animadversion, in the earliest and
authentic records of the human race. That it is recognised by
the codes of the polished nations of antiquity. That under the
light of Christianity itself, the possession of persons so acquired.
has been in every civilized country invested with the character
of property, and secured as such by all the protections of law.
That solemn treaties have been . framed, and national monopti,
lies eagerly sought, to facilitate and extend the commerce in
this assorted property, and all this-With all the sanctions of laW,.
public and mitnicipal, and without any opposition except the.
protests of a few privateirimitrists; little heard and less attend-
ed to in every country till within these very few years in the
mother country of,your petitioners. Suth consideratietrefroni
such authority, undeniable as they are, form no part of the case
of your petitioners. They will labour with the most zealous of
their adversaries to obtain the object in view, not indeed with the
rude rash hand that would immolate when it professed to save;
But as their present legislatiVe labourers attest, by every cau-
tious, safe, and practicable measure which-shall qualify the
slave for the enjoyment and full participation. of his civil rights.
But your petitioners having been deceived, 'are entitled, they
humbly contend, to provide against further-deception. The
party, nay the very individuals, within the walls of your Ho.,
nourable Douse, who advocated the cause of the abolition in
the detestable traffic in human beings, paved the• way to their
honourable success by a declaration that the ,emancipation of
those already in• bondage formed no part of their project. That
which was then stoutly denied, is now as openly avowed. Nor
do your petitioners complain of that avowal ; but heavy as the
claims are upon their forbearance, and great as are their sa,
crifices, it will scarcely be expected that they shouldconfide
in those who have thus abandoned their solemn prOfesSions:—
The same individuals now call upon the nations •to effect the
emancipation of the West Indian slave, • and their,
,proposal is
qualified by the equitable condition of full indemnity to every
interest that may be injured thereby. Your petitioners cheer,'
fully accede to the prOposal; but they pray your Himonrable
House that they may net be made the instrument of-accom-
plishing this desirable object, by the surrender of their prO,
perty, which, wretched as it is, has been the tolerated, the •
approved, the encouraged object of law, and sanctioned by all
the security that can be given to interests of the highest and.
most respected character. That your petitioners,' though
shackled with the extreme wretchedness of connexion with'
Wrest India property, will not submit to the imputation of any •
degradation therefrom. That they are alive to the same ho-
nourable feelings, the same nioral obligations,. the satre'Sense
of religious duties, which their adversaries assume as the un,
notural foundation of their enmity.
Your petitioners therefore pray your Honourable House,
that the duty upon their exports may be regulated by the scald
as suggested by the Committee 'of your Honourable House.
That this exhausted' colony may be relieved from the partial
impost of the 4f per cent. duty. That the sum which has been
levied upon Madeira wine imported into this island, ever since
the declaratory Act of the 13th Gen. NI. ch. 12. May be dis-
posed of by Parliament towards the defence, protection, and se•
curity of this colony; being the objects 'for which the said duty
was originally imposed; anti that the interests of this country
may not be abandoned to any authority of influence which the
constitution does not recognise. And that rd alienation of'
property in this island may be sanctioned, brit On the principle
of full and fair indeminity to every interest that may be -in,
jured thereby. .
And your petitioners shall ever pray, &e.
(Signed)-
JOHN W. D. WILSON, President of the Council..
VV. WHARTON RAWLINS, Speaker of. the Assembly.

•
TOASTS.----Some men would wish the world to
think well of them, yet they.c4nnot be merry without vice. tior
meet without endeavouring to corrupt each other as much as
possible. Many young and old think it a high piece of wit to
invent toasts which modesty blushes to repeat; but, Wisdom
says, our own vices are too touch for us, without endeavouring
to corrupt the minds and morals of every one around us ; and,
therefore, whatever these tine gentlemen May think of them,
selves, they ever were, and ever will be, the pests of society,
and contempt of wise men. Let them use the following toasts;
if they do not serve to mend their morals, they will, at least;
mend their manners t— • •
1. May the Kitag live long that seeks his people's love.
2. May liberty never make us licentious, nor restraint ever
make us sad.

3. May we never seek more libert, than constitutes our hap.
piness_ , nor more feed= than tends to public good.
4. May We never desire plenty, but to relieve the .unhappy
and succour the distressed.

5. May we be happy enough to find friends, but never so
miserable as to put them to a severe_trial.

6. May we be more ready to correct our own faults than to
publish the faults of others.

-7. May we never be such slave's to custom as to take one step
in vice, tbr the fear of being unfashionable.
8. May we never rashly believe the reports we hear, 'nor
hastily censure the man we hear not.
9. May we never be so far misled as to think a rich man wise
merely for his wealth.

10. May we never be so extravagant as to •beggar ourselves
from being ashamed of poverty; nor so covetous as to live beg-
gars for fear of being poor.
11. May the better fortune of others never put us out of con.
ceit with our own.

12. May we never speak what-we are ashamed to repeat, nor
do that which we may blush to hear repeated.
13. May we always be assured that happiness is a jewel not
to be purchased by all the Sovereigns in the world.
14. May envy like a* bubble, burst, and merit shine.
15. .May every one's conduct be so unit:oTM that he may not
be ashamed to take a retrospective view of it.
RICHARD TURNER,
Blacking Manufacturer, 114, London Road, Southwark.

ExcisE LicEmsEs.;---By an Act passtql in the
last Session of Parliainent, relative to Excise.licenses„ it, i 3
enacted, " That every person in the United Kingdom required
by any law of Excise to make entry of his or her.premises; to
carry on any trade or business in which an 'ExcNe license is -re.,
quired, shall place, in letterS visible and legible, at least' dhe
inch-long, upon the entered premises, his or her, name at full.
length, and, after, such trade or business for which the license
has been granted ; and if any such person shall not preserve
and keep the same so, painted as often as necessity shall re•
quire, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of
201."

NEWIIAVENT.—Thp following account of this
singular village is extracted from an Edinburgh Paper, in which
it appears, accompanied by some remarks on the -supply of the
fish market of the Scotch metropolis :—" It is pretty well
known that the inhabitants of this village are a peculiar people,
and that their race is preserved pure and uncorrupted by. con.
stant inter-marriages. There is only one instance of a New-
haven man marrying out of his own' sept ; but his -wife, durirg
his life time, was treated as an interloper by the other villagers,
and even yet, now that she is a widow, ho one of them will
exchange a word with her, though; Yor her husband's sake, they-
have adopted his children into their community. They 'tena-
ciously adhere to the ancient mode of fishing, practised by their
forefathers, rejecting 'all modern improvements, by which
fishermen are enabled to catch fiSli of the first quality at a great
depth; and hence, though our market is abundantly supplied
at all times, we have few prime fish, with the except ma of-had-
docks. Turbot here is the greatest of rarities, and so little
known, indeed, by the generality of people, that halibut is often
imposed upon them for it: yet there is abundance of turbot in
the Firth, more especially towards its mouth. Then, the New-
havenershave a practice of emigrating in a body to the herring
fishery about this season of the year: and, as a consequerse, no
white fish is to be seen in the market for weeks together."
.1. W. Ilirle was on Thursday' last brought by
Habeas Cotpui, from Portsmouth, in custody of the :Marshal
ofthe Admiralty, and committee to take his trial at the Ad-
miralty Sessions, charged with felony, while acting as Purser
of the Tartar frigate, which ship was employed on the coast of
South America. It appears that the prisoner has been many
months under arrest, and was sent home in a sloop of war.--
Tee precise precise nature of his offence is not -known, but it is said to
relate to some falsification of hit accounts.„ .
