Yeiterd# evening Two, ifarzlurg.7: ar-
rived, and this :morning Two more of the Eight
that were due. Their contents have Leen antici-
pated by the Paris Journals.

By His Majesty's Shippisbe, arrived at Ports-
mouth on Saturday from Gibral tar, we.learn that Four
French Line-of. Battle Ships had passed the Gut,
and that Sir J4mEs SAVNIAR EZ had dispatched.
Four British Ships of the Line after them.

By the American Ship Jean, adived at Falmouth
from Port-au-Prince whence she sailed the nth of
Dec. the following intelligence is:received
At the end of November, TOLTss,!tir's4elation
(Second in Command) revolted against him at the
Cape, and massacred about 300 Whites._ Tous-
sAtNT immediately marched against him from the
South, and made him prisoner he was in.
stantly shot at the mouth of the cannon, as were
several other Commandants who were
"inimical to
;him, TOUSSAINT is said to have amassed an im-
mense 'property---his treasury at -Port-au.Prin&
only; is said to contain forty' <inillions -of dol-
lars.-7-He has levied a duty"of. twenty per cent.
on . all imports and e;ports.---He was aware
of the expedition coming against- him from Frare,
which' he was . determined to resist in landing.
He has upwards of 60,000 good disciplined Troops

*der his command. The greatest tegularity. is
oßservedron the Island every Negro seen idling,
is takejl up and 'sent to •his wn plantation, where
he is obliged to work; and one quarter of the pro-
duce is allowed them for their -labour, and they
are found to work much better than when in
slavery. TPVSSAINT is much beloved, particu,
larly by the Whites. He entirely' maintains his
old Master, who now resides at Philadelphia in
great stile :—he allows him13...00 dollar's per month.
They are well supplied with all kinds of provisions
and anitaunition. •

This day the Roym. FANitt.7 came to Town
from Windsor, and reside at the Queen's House till
Friday. On Wednesday, after Ihe Kt No's Levee,
they go to the first meeting of the Ancient Music ;
and on Thursday the QUEEN will have a Drawing
Room.

Parliament meets again to-morrow, to proceed to
public business.
The DurcHEss of 116QRK still continues Wis.
posed. Her Royal Highness goes to Bath in a few
days, for the benefit of the waters.

General Sir WILLIAM MEADOWS •is about to re-
turn to this Country, and Loyd CLAICRICAItDE) it
is supposed, will be appointed First Officer on the
Irish Star

Mr. As BoT arrived on Saturday at his house in
Pall Mall from Ireland.

The Direlors of the East India Company have
come to a resolution n$ to send out a single Cadet
during the present season. Their patronage of
Civil Servants is also confined to only ore Writer
each.

.The China Ships will sail from Portsmouth as
soon as the wind permits.

Col. CAMERON, of the 79th Regiment ; Col.
MAC DONALD, of• the Royals ; Major SPRouit,
and Captain DUNCAN, of the Artillery : and Mr.
BAYNES, Commissary-General, arrived_ passengers
in the Santa Teresa, -at Portsmouth, frorp Malta.
Letters from. Basle state, that. the affairs 61 the
Valais and the Frickthid are arranged. The lat-
ter is to be ceded to Szvii‘erland -for ,the Fa/air,
which will be united to France. According io the
same Letters, the fate of the Countries of Neuf-
chatel and de Vallengin has been. regulated between
the French Government- and the KING of PRUSSIA ;
but the Convention concluded for that purpose will
not be carried into - execution until the Prussian
Troops have taken possession of the Indemnities;
which Prussia is to receive for her losses on' the
Banks of the Rhine. •

A considerable quantity of brandy was last week
received from France- the prices were in conse-
quence lower.
The average Price of Sugar, computed ftom the
returns made for the week ending the 27th day of
January 18c)2, is Forty-two Shillings and two-
Pence Three Farthings per hundred weight.

A MartufnatirCr at-iSforwich has obtaincd 141atent
for a method to prevent worsted hosiery, and other
kinds of cloathing, from shrinking when washed :
it is effeted by milling the worsted and yam before
it is manufadured.

The brig Sprightly, Weston ; Bacchus, Beer ;
Sincerity, Harben ; and Joseph and Betsey, Isworth;
are arrived at Weymouth, with, provisions, from
Cherbourg, having. cleared out from thence previous
to an order being issued prohibiting the exportation
of all kinds of provisiol}s.
Several English vessels were at Cherbourg for
the 'purpose of loading with meat, poultry, &c. for
sale in this country, but they must now rcturn.in
ballast, the French people being in a state of insur-
reftion in consequence clf the scarcity and dearness
of provisions, which ttier- in a degree ascribe to
the great exportations' kliich have taken place since
the Peace.

The celebrated horse, Grey Diemed, died last year
in Russia. He was bred in this Country by Sir
CHARLES BUNBURX, and afterwards in possession
successively of Mr.l.Fox and the " Duke of BED-
FORD. He was purchased at a very considerable
sum from his Grace, for the purpose of exporting
to Russia, where he won all the great prizes he
started for, and became a very favourite Stallion.
The exfortation of blood-horSes'frOm this Country
to Russia is very considerabJe, and grey is the'fa
vourite colour, '
