o. 12,6(34.)

71).)

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

STIPENDIARY CONSULS.

(Extract of a Letter from Gibraltar, March 25.)

WESTERN CIRCUIT.-TAUNTON, APRIL 9.

Well may Lord Palmerston promise his electors
economy in the department of Ambassadors and
Secretaries of Legation, and their next a-kin, the
Consuls—the latter being, like the former, nominee,
of the aristocracy, since salaries have been assigned
them. Both the political and commercial agents,
as at present constituted, are of no real service to
the countty ; on the contrary, their incapacity, with
very few exceptions, is a positive hindrance to bu-
siness in the way of all who have to do with foreign
countries. When you approach one of these func-
tionaries, he endeavours to cloak his ignorance of
his duty by assuming pompous airs, and puts him-
self into a defensive attitude, to be as little troubled
with you as he can help. Pampered animals like,
they are constantly at some ludicrous antic or other,
to the amusement, and not seldom to the amaze-
ment of byganders.
Consul Hunter (Sir John) at Madrid, had a
printed paper of his °an composition, a sort of
" principles of politeness," a la Chererfield, which
ht put into the hand of every Englishman who did
not come dressed by a Bond-street tailor, a lesson
how to behave himself before that finished gentle.
man, Sir Henry Wellesley, the then Ambassador,
and the Spanish authorities with whom he might
have business to transact. This S.r John was the
nominee of a Scotch boroughmongering Provost.
While Cadiz was occupied by the French army,
the English Consul, Mr. Brackenbury, in admiration
of the exploits of the " haro of the Trucadero,"
gave grand ent rtainments, dinners, balls, and sup-
pers, to the General and Staff of these French mer-
cenaries, as it were to insult the Spanish people, by
celebrating the downfall of their independence. A
public agent of England spending his ample salary
in feast rig French soldiers, while actually engaged
in inflicting injury and insult on England herself,
in the destruction of the liberty and prosperity of a
friendly State ! And this revolting spectacle
—revolting to true English feelings—exhibited
in the first city of Spain, the scene of action,
the very spot on which the last effort of the Spanish
cause had just expired under the knife of these
French assassins; their hands red with blood--the best
blood of Spain—sitting down to public banquets,
paid for with money drawn from the English taxes.
The Spaniards took these doings of the English
Consul as a confirmation of what they had alroady
suspected from reports, industriously circulated by
the Duke of Angouleme, in his promenade across
the Peninsula, that England was a consenting party
to the French invasion of their country, as con-
certed with the Doke of Wellington, at Cie Con-
gress of Verona. In vain did the English residents
tell the citizens of Cadiz that it was but an act of
sheer folly of theConsulond that it ought to be viewed
in no other light. The Spaniards set it down, in
sober sadness, as a gratuitous insult to their fallen
fortunes by the Tory Government of England.
Such outrage to all decency has no parallel, ex-
cept that committed by King George the Fourth,
when in his midnight orgies he drank a bumper to
the success of the Duke of Angouleme, then con-
ducting the French army across the Pyrennees, in
the Bourbon crusade against Spanish liberty.
This Cadiz Consul abovementioned is the nominee
of some electioneering corporator of the immaculate
borough of Liverpool—a quid pro quo from Mr.
Canning, in a contested election in the good old
times of boroughmongering. Had any one insinu-
ated the exercise of undue influence to the Thoht
Hon. Gentleman, now 6t. Stephen's would nave
resounded with his rhetorical indignation in repelling
the charge ! How the flashman of the Tories would
have bullied, and fumed, and ranted on the purity
of his Liverpool electors ! But here we have ►n a
tangible shape a life annuity of fifteen hundred
pounds sterling (salary and fees)—a sinecure, in
fact, granted under false pretences. Of this an-
nuity ten years—fifteen thousand pounds—are al-
ready paid, and ten or twenty years mote probably
in reversion. Only thirty or forty thousand pounds
of the public money to one gentleman for doing
nothing ! The salary of the Cadiz Consul was re-
duced last year three hundred pounds ! but the place
is still worth a thousand a year and upwards.
I could fill a volume, with what I have seen and
heard, of injuries inflicted on the best interests of
England by her own accredited agents, in their
ignorance and folly. British residents abroad look
to a reformed Parliament to abate this nuisance ;
but I have my misgivings, when I see the present
monstrous union of Whigs and Tories. If the pau-
pers of the aristocracy are to continue quartered on
the people for bread, without work, in the shape of
Envoys and Secretaries, let their allowance be
shortened to a scale of rational living, for which
less than half the present expenditure would be
more than sufficieat. Let us not be subjected to
the double mortification of witnessing the rioting
extravagance of the Lord Charleses, and then be
called on to pay the bill.
As to stipendiary Consuls, they must be got rid
of, root and branch. Let the business be restored
to its old footing of employing local merchants of
respectability, who will act with advantage and
credit to their country, and without salaries. For
as long as there is emolument, that can, by any
possibility, be turned into jobs and sinecures, it
will be seized by the harpies of corrupt in-
fluence. That job of jobs, the Rio Janeiro Consul-
ship, of which so much has been said in and out of
Parliament, was the handywork of Lord Westmore-
land, as a provision for one of his numerous offspring
quartered on the public; who for many years suc-
ceeded in levying illegal and unprecedented contri-
butions on British trade—nothing less than a per
tentage on the amount of all invoices of cargoes by
English ships, besides fees and other emoluments,
to the tune of fourteen thousand pounds sterling a
year. This imposition, so discreditable to the Rio
merchants for not having opposed it at the outset,
was at last resisted ; but the Parliamentary influence
of the Noble Lord got it legalized by an act of the
" collective wisdom" smuggled through the Hon.
House at unseasonable hours. The Consul, now
backed by an Act of Parliament, treated the Bra-
zilian merchants with renewed scorn, and went on
filling his coffers in the large way, until the affair
was taken up in the House of Commons by Mr.
Hume, I believe, who shamed even Tory Ministers
out of the scandalous job. The emoluments of this
place were then " regulated," but not till the Con-
sul had realized two hundred thousand pounds; and
disdaining any longer to mix with vulgar shopkeepers
in Brazil, he retired to England to enjoy his splendid
fortune in otium cunt dignilate.

.Tobn Giblett and Harry Penny were indicted for
having in their possession a certain bill of exchange
far 2001., directed to Messrs. Masterman and Co.,
,nd having the endorsement Jones and Co., a, d
George Burnett Giblett for having counselled aid
',leiter] the said John Giblett and Harry Penny to
forge the same.
After hearing evidence, the Learned Jutice
4ummed up, and the jury found all the pr'sone,s
Guilty; and they were sentenced to be transported
for life.

The JUDGE, in passim► sentence, observed that
the Act of Parliament would not allow him to use
Any discretion—it was imperative—or he should
have thought it his duty to have passed a slighter
sentence upon John Gihlett, who, he considered,
liad been made the tool of his elder brother,

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, APRIL 11.

REX V. FRANCIS IVILCOCK.

The defendant is a toll-c,ll,ctor at Kensington-
vate, and had insisted on charging a toll of three-
pence for a remarkably fine donkey beionginv, to
Thomas Jessop, upon the plea that it was not a
dookey,but a horse. The proper toll is only three-
halfpence. For this imposition he was fined in a
penalty °fsl, at Mtrlborouah-street office. Against
This conviction he had given notice or an appeal to
the Sessions. Owing to some informality in the
non-return of his rkcognizances to the sessions, the
Court could not entertain his appeal, and the con•
victim' was consequently affirmed. The complain.
ant was referred to Marlborough-street office to ob-
tain the enforcement of the penalty, to a moiety
of which he is entitled. In ans•w•er to an inquiry
from Mr. Broughton he said he was willing to sell
his donkey for 31, and that it was 13 hands high.
The remaining appeals disposed of doling the
(lay related to parish affairs, and were of no public
interest.

Extract of a letter from Horsham :—" About
a quarter past eight in the evening of Sunday s'en-
night a shock of an earthquake was felt here. A'
some house e, the shock was much more perceptible
than others. Many persons thought that a principal
beam bad given way, and others that some person was
in their houses. In the shops the articles seemed falling ;
and the scales were put in motion. Many were engaged
examining their premises in the utmost alarm. Mr.
Huasx's hall-bell rung ; at Denne the pictures moved,
and a bird fell from the perch in the cage. At Sir T.
SHELLEY'S and Mr. TREDCROFT'S they were much
alarmed. We were among those who knew nothing of it
till the next morning."—Sussex Advertiser.

THE COTTON TRADE.—In France, in 1831,
the cotton spun was 74,000,0001 b., besides the British
yarn smuggled through Flanders. In Alsace power looms
are increasing fast. Average wages of spinners, ss. Sd. ;
hours of labour 12 to 14. In Switzerland, in 1831,
the cotton spun was 18,816 0001 b. No. 40 costs 14id.,
when cotton is Sd. 3 sths, wages, 4s. ; wages in si-
milar mills in Britain, Bs. 4d. In the Prussian and
Rhenish Provinces, in 1830, the cotton spun was
7,000,0001 b. Power-looms have been profitably intro-
duced. In Saxony cotton-spinning is just commencing,
and fast augmenting; in 1831 there was spun 1,200,0001 b.
of cotton ; average wages, 3s. 6d. They spin as cheap as
the British as high as No. 50 warp, and No. 80 weft.
In Lombardy, in 1831, the cotton spun was 4,000,0001 b.
In Austria it is fast advancing ; in 1831, 12,000,0001 b. ;
average wages, 3a. 9.1. In India the new mill, 12 miles
. ,
mule earns ; his wears
In the United States, in 1831, the cotton spun was
77,550,0001 b.
CONDITION OF WOMEN IN ENGLAND.—
The youth is accustomed to trade, and sees no reason why
he should not drive a good bargain in a wife, as well as in
other affairs. Mother as well as daughter is resolved that
so " respectable" a suitor, who is " well to do in the
world," shall not slip away from them if they can help it.
The female has not the privilege of " making offers," and
therefore thinks it her duty to accept, if she possibly can,
the first which comes, lest she should not get another.
But it so happens, that the process of courtship affords no
means of enabling the parties to acquire a knowledge of
each other's character. Some one once replied, on being
asked the character of a woman, " that he had not been
married to her." He was right, and so must the matter
continue under present regulation. The lover makes his
visits at stated intervals, perhaps every evening, or less
frequently, and if bad-tempered he can shy away. He
approaches not except in smiles, and in his most engaging
garments ; he can put what cheat he pleases upon the
lady, he may court two at once, but the lady, having less
freedom, ia obliged to have recourse to more art. Be she
well or ill, cheerful or ill-tempered, she must submit to
be courted whenever the lover chooses to make his appear-
ance, and she dresses her countenance in smiles accordingly.
• 4 • There the lover sits, while the lady tats or
knits, and discourses on such things as Providence has
forced on his knowledge, till Mamma escapes for ten mi-
nutes to give orders for tome " company" supper ; and
then the lovers do their tenderness till she returns.
The principle of giving dinners and suppers as a matter of
mercantile marriage business has become so common in
more c asses than one, that a man of refinemeht would
almost starve rather than partake of the food of above one
person in a hundred—family men or women. " Sir,"
said a blunt old man, " when do you mean to propose for
my daughter? You have dined at my house fin), times
a ithin the last eighteen months, and it is time you decided
on something." The gentleman, who was a " diner-out"
by profession, made his bow, and retired.—Monthly
Repositsry.
MURDER OF THE BOY ROBERT PA-
vioLt.—The Middlesex Grand Jury were occupied the
greater part of yesterday in investigating a bill of indict-
ment preferred against FREDERICK MARSHALL, GEORGE
EVANS, and WILLIAM TAYLOR, charging them a ith the
diabolical murder of ROBERT PAVIOCR. The indictment
contains two counts only, and i. not special in form ; the
first count contains a charg- that they did inflict divers
wounds and brui-es on ROBERT FAVIOUR, of which he
did languish and die ; they are also charged with causing
his death by suffocation and drowning. There are no less
than 25 witnesses named on the hack of the indictment, all
of whom were sworn in Court to give evidence before the
Grand Jury. About four o'clock in the afternoon the
Grand Jury came into Court, and returned the bill a true
one against all the prisoners. The bill was immediately
sent down to the Old Bailey, where it is expected it will
come on for trial this day.
HOUSE-BREAKING.—Saturday night the
dwelling-house of Mr. MORGAN, surgeon, St. Martin'.-
lane, was entered through the attic window, and a jewel-
lery case, containing several articles, stolen ; among which
were two pair of coral earrings, one ditto Ling fine gold
earrings, one ditto pearl tops with imitative drops ; a fin•
gold brooch, set with stones (pearl and ruby), and topaz
centre; one mourning brooch, box and glass centre, con-
taining hair; a six-row coral necklace, green stone snap;
a large cornelian brooch, set in fine gold, twisted border;
a mourning ring, enamelled, brilliant in centre, set round
with pearls, name engraved at the back, " HENRY Jaat-
METT, aged," &c. ; five rings ; one small fine gold bucket,
set round with emeralds and pearls. Also three sovereign-
and 21. 121. in a small square pasteboard (blue mottled)
Lox.--Saturday night the dwelling-house of Mr. MAO-
aNnAdY.,,Avlear
several
eanr-tliacnl
ees,
of pc al
ate
sid el
;ern were a brown great-
lwe oast b e therefrom.—Saturday
brokenfrom .a—n dSentered,
Ber-
mondsey, monalsey, was entered by means of skeleton keys, and
six silver tea-spoons;
k amongstshallootnh
,s.eovaet,rallianretsiclwesitshtolbenlac;
one silver table-spoon, marked "R. M. S. ;" a pocket
hook, containing a gold wedding-ring, and various other
articles; some money, a red silk scarf, a piece of pork,
and a japanned canister containing tea.—Monday morn-
ing, about 11, the room of WILLIAM TOWERS, first floor,
76, Morienouth-street, Seven-dials, was entered by means
of skeleton keys (the front door being left open), and a
number of articles stolen. Is dun colour Thibet shawl
with broad border, a green China crape shawl, and other
articles of wearing apparel.—Police Gazette.

PALISSOT once said to Madame CORANCEZ
" Since I have read Racine I have given up the idea o
writing tragedies. I shall now write a comedy." " Then
you have not read Moliere," ',plied the lady.
A short time since a respectable farmer's
daughter, whilst on a visit to a friend's house, near
Houghton-le..Spring, b, came enamoured of a schoolmasters
and as the feeling was reciprocal the joyous pair, after a
six-days' courtship, were made one•twain in the holy bonds
of matrimony. The father of the bride, on learning
what had taken place, provided a wedding feast for
his household, but the revels were most inopportunely
interrupted by a declaration from the farmer's
isian-servant, that lie had been privately married to the
lady a short time before ! It would require the pencil of
a HOGAATII to describe the eclaircissement ; the rich prize
was left in possession of the astonished dominie for several
days, and was only given up to her original lover and
husband after a treaty to which several functionaries of
the village were parties.—Newcastle Journal.

)
6.06 a -;/ /-,,/
*t; -k
. ...„,, ',•.:.„ ~ (9
.., ,
~
\,..,::::: :i:s1...:.,1::Irl..1;4:)-Zi _,-1:1117;441,1 -
\‘..,1
:::::
tt, '
• ' ' '-'4.4,'",%4;,,Z., ' :,: ~ f."...pet, ""'"'AIIIIF ' ' •••
.-4'. 4,
;:,
'AI . ,
' nit.
'•- i.„ ,--; . QAT •1- - , ~. 3.:-.. :- ~_......0t '''''N r
;I''
[
,i-,.. ',..,,:
J.: \
, •
//7) ~
~ , \ ,
( • ,'"4k - - - --''''
," r , •
l', . ', ' 0 •• • 9V fl, . kt"'
~ ,v,-
t.,_ ..,-- ~,. 1 . '', k • - fic?..icl•-- /40,44 /„ ,
~,,;:.s.•-•'._ ----.- / V', ----,:-V s-- ,•,:. ' .iiir O. kii-6 •"--0 i t-.---,.....-,
-40- ‘4l 111iP . tO - • ,''''

c,
1,
\GoßTElLssneE.ieinimN)riangceEibh,cal:ta:Aepr.l3:spd,LOGlCAL CURIOSITIES OF . ~.
.-
HOUSE OF COMMONS. '-i -1- '-•,''''-
\ -
-----40"--
A second edition of the " Parliamentarr-i..
‘ ...... ,
Pocket Companion" has already made its ap-:'!•
pearance, but we have neither time nor space io:,/s.-7
day to compare it with the first. Having beeti
much amused, however, with the genealogies of
some of the Members, as well as surprised at the
pains-taking inquiries the compilers must have
instituted to discover particulars so curious, we
(lave extracted a few for the gratification of our
readers, merely striking out the addresses of the
which
irlwcw,teli3irbtßtriehilot
rilevefeyrthtrteh,cittee:Hnuibo,p:yori
ib,ien:jsie.weiceni
present
tirstoe.A:iltf,atr,ll:)le,:le:S},:y,iiehid Laitcrs,E;:itor,
irgei,i)aiytrtri
icieit,i,stis,lobieinle,i,:iii:)::::viv
iaatu.sirssi
Baron
in::
as,
to
brother(toe;
of Lord Abercromhy ; married Miss Leigh, of High
the Court of Exchequer in Sc,rtland before its suppreS..
give the Reform Act a fair trial ; is friendly to a shorter
duration of Parliaments ; and will support election by
ballot, if it should be found that the elective franchise
cannot otherwise be fairly exercised. He sat for Caine
in four Parliaments, and has a pension of 2,0001. per
annum for the loss of his office.
Br.AcKsroNE, WILLIAM SEYMOUR, is a descendant of
the great lawyer whose name he bears, and a Conser-
vative.

GALLEY, THOMAS, is descended from the regicideof that
nan.. Of Whig principles. He fiat latt fo,. Crick-
lade in 1831.
FLEE-moor), PETER HESKETH, is the head of the
Heckeths of Roe-ail Hall. It was but rec.ntly that his
assumed the name of Fleetwood ; is descended through
the female line from Genera! Fleetwood. Was elec,ed
without giving pledges, in consequence of his a:lterates
ter in the town and neighhoarhood, and has no canes
nexion with any political party. Has been High
Sheriff of the county.
Gaarraer, JAMES, eldest son of the celebrated orator, and
brother of the Member for Meath. Of Whig priori-.
plea. Mr. Grattan was introduced to public life by the
late Earl Fitzwill,ain ; and it is chi• fly by the influ-
ence of that nobleman's family, which has vast estates in
Wicklow, that Mr. Grattan is returned. Has sat for
the county since 1820.
GRATTAN, HENRY, son of the celebrated orator, and
brother of the Member for Wicklow. A barrister.
Mr. H. Grattan differs in politics from his brother,
being a Repealer ; and in his address he cal s upon the
voters to atom' " by the family that always stood by
Ireland—that always opposed the tithes, and it: the
field opposed the Union." Sat for the city of Dublin
in 1826 having previously unsuccessfully contested i'
in 1830 he was thrown out by Mr. Shaw, the present
Member for the University of Dublin.
GROTE, GEORGE, a banker, and merchant. We may
mention as a matter of curiosity, that Mr. Grote is said
to be descended from Hugo Grotiusi, one of whose
sons, a merchant, came over from Amsterdam, and
settled in London ; since which, some one or other
member of the family has been a distinguished mer-
c',aat of the city. A Radical Reformer ; in favour of
free trade, vote by ballot, triennial Parliaments, the
immediate abolition of slavery, the repeal of the corn
laws, a reduction of expenditure down to the scale of
1792, the repeal of the assessed taxes and the taxes on
knowledge, and church reform. Mr. Grote has put
forth publications on the Bank Charter, Greek History,
Reform, &e. &c.
MACNAMARA, Major WILLIAM NUGENT, father of the
Member for Ennis. Is descended from the ancient
Admirals of Munster, whose office is said to have ori-
ginated the name " Mac.na-mara," or " Son of the
Sea." Was second to Mr. O'Connell at the duel in
which that gentleman shot Mr. D'Esterre. A Re-
pealer. He sat for the county since 1830.
MARTIN, JOHN. An East India Proprietor and London
Banker Mr. Martin is the son of the celebrated James
Martin of Overbury, called the Andrew Marvel of his
time, who was returned for the borough of Tewkesbury
in nine Parliaments without exp.•nse. Of Reform
principles; is in favour of the immediate abolition of
slavery.
O'CONNOR, DENNIS, commonly called the O'CONNOR.
DON. Son of the late Member for R.,scommon, and
looked upon as bead of one branch of the O'Connors.
To our Eoeljsb.leadere .nm,.,ttree,, • of
rntY„y„wail,, ..ily..tomr,it...ik.sLlPPPied to be a
the head of the O'Connor family by the Spanish settlers
in Ireland ; others, with more probability, conjecture
it to be derived from the word dun, which described the
colour of the garments or the standards of this particular
family of O'Connors, and served to distinguish it from
that of the Red O'Connor.. Is favourably inclined to
a repeal of the Union ; is an advocate of the amendment
of the jury laws, the mitigation of the criminal code, a
of thetithe system,
more e equal distribution
and h
of churchte
removal property,of Irish
the extinc-
tion
griev-
ances. First sat for the county in 1831.
OTERRALL, RICHARD MORE. The title of More, at-
tached to this gentleman's name, is used as a mark of
distinction, somewhat in the same manner as we have
already explained that of Don, attached to Mr. O'Con-
nor's name, to be. It means " Great," and is heredi-
tary in the head of the O'Ferralls. A Reformer ; is in
favour of the abolition of tithes, the removal of the
th
the
estirly rate,estitute tphoeoers,taabnldishenometof a
revision
legalof
feprgorvaisnidon j
ufroyr
system. Has sat for the county since 1830.
RIDLEY, Sir MATTHEW WHITE, Bart., is descended
from Bishop Ridley, burnt in the reign of Queen Mary.
Born in 1778 ; married in 1803, Laura. youngest
daughter of George Hawkins, Eq. A banker at New-
castle, and owner of ex•ensive collieries in the neigh-
bourhood of that town. Is of Whig principles ; in
favour of a fixed duty on foreign corn, but against the
immediate abolition of slavery, and also the vote by
ballot ; has sat for the borough since 1812.

SHERIDAN was dining one day at PETER
11OORE'S with his son Tow, who was at that time in a
very nervous, debilitated state. The servant, in passing
quickly between the guests and the fire-place, struck down
the plate-warmer. This made a loud rattling, and caused
Tow SHERIDAN to start and tremble. PETER MOORE,
provoked at this, rebuked the servant, and added, " I
suppo4e you have broken all the plates!"—" No, Sir,"
wild the servant, " not one." "No " exclaimed
SHERIDAN, " then, it, you have made all the noise
tOr nothing."—Mirror.

BEAUTIES OF THE COURT OF CHARLES
ll.—This work promises to excite even more interest than
any of Mrs. JAMESON'S former productions. It was a
fortunve circumstance for the public gratification that
Prince LEOPOLD did not take from the hands at the Artist
tie drawings from which these splendid engravings have
heen made, and which were painted from the originals by
desire of the late lamented Princess CHARLOTTE. The
size of the plates is six inches by four and a half—and the
work form., independently of the great interest of the His-
totical Memoirs, as a literary production, a complete and
exquisite drawing-room suite of portraits.
COLBURN'S MODERN NOVELISTS.—The
number for April of this cheap and select library of
modern fiction, compliers the " Chelsea Pensioners," by
the well-known author of the " Subaltern." The first
and second number consisted of " Tremaine" and
" Pelham," and the fourth number, to appear the Ist of
May, will contain Mr. BuLwan's celebrated story of the
" Dia ,vined." This collection will b- entirely confined to
the works of distinguished authors of the last 20 years. and
being published at only about one third of the original
c i‘t, the success of the undertaking may be expected .o be
;rester than that of any of the other monthly libraries.
FRENCH GENEROSITY.—The number of
:nf,u.gcecee
saf
itapresentrevolts
s againsti n France,
tyranny,ce, who have
borne
therwi msears in
suffered
in the cause of liberty, amounts to between 8,000 and
10,000 persons. The French Government, with a gene-
iosity rarely equalled, has obtained from the Chambers
ior their support, a sum of five million francs, or ahout
200,0001. This exemplary act of beneficence received,
not only the support of the Legislature, but was antici-
p tted by the zealous wishes of the people of France.

Extract of a letter from a passenger on board
opn;,spbaeretr.o,f,
the London, dated Calcutta, Oct. 31 :—" Had we been
kept out a few days longer we should have been burnt ;
the coals, our dead weight, got wet in the gale, heated, and
grated, and on the day of our arrival here, on opening
-he hold, smoke issued forth. The cargo was discharged
i•ith all haste, and about 100 natives aided the crew to
ide in water, and then discharge the coal; for four days
the ship was in jeopardy, sod twice they car.Pe on a body
red-hot coils in two p►rt" of the hold, u Inch blkzed up
on being opened, and was only got the betta of. by pump..
itheg cin4rgtOvodaantndagtehdr,"pafeerticonfl ri water
so into
of
tibleodsgh;
