ELOPEMENT.

A short time since, Mr. Hardy, surgeon, of Dron-
field, Derbyshire, eloped with the only daughter of
the late Cecil, Esq., and taking the circuitous
route of Dublin, arrived safely at Gretna-green,
where the indissoluble knot was tied. The fugitives
then returned to Sheffield to the house of Mr.
Hardy's brother, who is also a disciple of Escula-
pins, and who is said to have been an accessory to
their flight. Mrs. Cecil, the mother of the young
lady, was, as may be supposed, highly exasperated
against all the parties, and has since endeavoured to
gratify her feelings by resorting to every means of
annoying them in her power. She first charged Mr.
Hardy, the husband, with a felony, for having taken
away the clothes and jewels of the lady, as was men-
tioned in different newspapers at the time; but the
Magistrate, before whom the charge was heard, dis-
missed it, on the ground that the articles had been
given to her daughter by Mrs. Cecil. Thus disap-
pointed, she obtained a.habcas corpus, directed to
the Messrs. Hardy, to bring the body of Clara Ceci-
lia Hardy before a judge; and they accordingly, on
Monday last, obeyed the writ by producing the
young lady before Mr. Justice Bayley, at his cham-
bers, when the Learned Judge, after examining her
in private, restored her to the custody of her
husband, and dismissed the case. Besides the
habeas corpus, Mrs. Cecil had also obtained an order
from the Master of the Rolls for the Messrs. Hardy
and Mrs. Hardy to appear before him ; and in obe-
dience thereto the parties attended at the Rolls'
Court on Tuesday, when his Honour, in order to
save the trouble of procuring the necessary evidence
from Scotland to lay before a Master, ordered that
the parties should be married according to the law of
England; and after the ceremony that the Master
snould examine into the circumstances of the par-
ties, and report what settlement, if any, the husband
should make upon the wife. Mr. Hardy, of Shef-
field, was relieved, by consent of Mrs. Cecil's coun-
sel, from being further a party in the cause.—
Morning Paper.

Men._.. Women. Total.
Ecclesiastics
Nobility 24,345-16,819— 41,164
Soldiery 46,076... 9,975... 56,051
Merchants (marchands) .. 5,706 3,983... 10,689
Bourgeois
Foreigners . 8,473... 4,511... 12,989
Artisans 4,775... 3,019... 7,794
Lower orders, servants, 1
185,613-73,542-259,155
serfs, &c.
Births
Marriages
... _ ... 1,032
Deaths
The following is an extract from the statement_
published by the " Holy Synod," of the num-
ber of births, deaths, and marriages,. amongst
the population professing the Greek religion, for
the year 1827 ; the account for the year 1828,
was not published when I left the capital :
Men. Women. Toga.
Births 952,673 892,106 1,844,779
Deaths 600,162 " 577,889: .1,178,057
Excess of Births 352,511 314,217 666,728
Marriages
388 377
_ _

A considerable part of the population con-
sists of different sects of the Christian religion ;
there are besides the Jews, who are very numer-
ous ; when these and the many Mahometan and
Pagan tribes are taken into the calculation, there
is no doubt that the aggregate increase of popu-
lation in this vast empire will amount to almost
a million a year. From the statement published
by the Synod, it appears that more than half die
in infancy ; this circumstance may account for
the general appearance of health and strength of
those who survive, and likewise for the very few
instances of deformity observed throughout Rus-
sia, for most of the sickly and deformed children
are carried off either by the rigour of the climate,
the inattention of the parents, and the want of
proper medical assistance, or by the administra-
tion of baptism, which in the Greek church is
performed by immersion, and that too in water
of the ordinary temperature ; as therefore none
but the strong and healthy children survive, it is
not astonishing that there should be such extra-
ordinary instances of longevity, particularly in a
country where the diet is so plain, and the air
so pure and invigorating. According to the state-
ment of the Synod there have died between the
ages of 90 and 100, 4,637,
100 and 110 745
110 120 .150
120 125 3l
125 130 l6
•
130 135
135 140 1

The following is a comparative statement of
the murders, deaths by accidents, and suicides
throughout the empire for the five years ending
Dec. 31, 1828 :

1824. 1825. 1826. 1827. 1828.
Deaths by,
3 125 42 . 13 363...12 929...11,825...16,700
accident, '
Murders ... 1,287... 1,110... 1,095... 1,22,1... 1,230
Suicides ...1,069... 1,066... 966... 1,176... 1,245
Murders are by no means unfrequent at St.
Petersburg!), particularly during winter, when per-
sons walking late at night in the outskirts of the
town, or near the river, are sometimes waylaid,
robbed and murdered ; the bodies are then thrown
into the holes made in the ice, and carried by
the current into the Baltic, so that all trace of
the transaction is necessarily lost. It is supposed
that 50 murders have been committed this win-

ter in St. Petersburgh, and when a dead body is
found which exhibits any marks of violence, it is
usual for the police to send to every house in
the town to enquire if any occupant is missing.
The annexed statement of fires, inundations,
&c. for the year 1828, may not be uninteresting,
there were consumed by fire-
-32 Churches and Monasteries.
1,169 Houses in towns.
13,012 Houses in villages, &c.
65 Mills.
61 Distilleries and Manufactories.
11,000 Quarters of corn.
1,857 Tons of hay.
It may be necessary to remark under this head,
that by far the greater part of the houses in Russia
are constructed of wood, indeed few, except in
large towns, are built of any other material ; this
may account for the number of fires. Insurance
offices are now established at St. Petersburgh
upon the English system, which is closely imitat-
ed, even in all the minor details, or in the size,
decorations, and wording of the policies.
It is calculated that more than 200,000 quar-
ters of corn have been destroyed by hail, inunda-
tions, and storms, which this year have been un-
usually destructive ; and amongst the losses sus-
tained by agriculture may be enumerated 110,000
head of cattle.

In my statement of the population of St.
Petersburgh, which I.had the pleasure of sending
you a short time since, you will perceive that the
aggregate amount of soldiery is enumerated at
56,000. I have reason to believe the garrison
(properly so called) does not exceed 10,000
men, the rest is made up of sailors, invalids,
police, and supernumeraries ; amongst the number
are about 10,000 women, who I presume must
be soldiers' wives, and consequently considered as
forming a part of the military population of the
capital. The usual garrison of St. Petersburgh
during peace consists of 40,000; the splendid
regiments, which were the admiration of every
one in the early part of last year, have run their
career of glory, and have been sacrificed to the
ambition of their leaders; they in the language of
Shakespear—

" Have for a fantasy and trick of fame,
Gone to their grave like beds, fought for a plat
Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause."
A friend, on whose word I can rely, saw them
depart on their long and dreary march of 2,0(10
miles. He assured me that not the slightest
feeling of enthusiasm was displayed on the occa-
sion ; all were silent and spiritless, and appeared
to part with their friends with the gloomy antici-
pation that they would see them no more. I
particularly admired what is now termed the
tcnuc of the Russian guards. The cavalry is
composed of a body of some of the finest formed
men I eier saw, great attention is paid to the
horses, which are all stud bred, spew much blood,
and are but little inferior, if not equal, to the
English. I was much struck with the Chevalier
Guards. The uniform of this regiment is white,
the cuirasses brass, and the helmets of the most
classical form ; the horses arc all black. I saw
several squadrons of this distinguished corps on

the march, and assure Von they reminded me
more of a body of knights proceeding to
a tournament than a detachMent of modern dra-
goonsgoing to parade. The men in general are
by no means remarkable for their size ; they
would not, I should imagine, average more than
',five feet nine or ten, but some few are of a
gigantic stature ; two men in particular I re-
marked, who must have been at least seven feet
high. It has been observed that the tallest men
in the French service are fair, indicating a
northern origin or a German extraction. • In
Russia it is the reverse, the taller men arc gen-
rally from the south and consequently dark.
Amongst the Foot Guards was a Finland regi-
ment ; the men were generally short ; some, I
am sure, would not have passed muster in any
English marching regiment. I must do the
military system of Russia the justice to say, that
no troops in the world can be more quiet and
orderly ; the jealousy which exists between the
military and common people in England is un-
known here, and riots never occur. Numerous
as the sentinels are, every attention consistent
with military discipline is paid to the feelings and
convenience of the public. It is well :known
that at night the French capital is guarded iiith
as much vigilance as a besieged tbrtress ; the::
fearful cries of "passer an large," or" Qui vive
on la mod," are still heard in every quarter of
Paris, and the sentinel is instructed to look for
a reply in due form, even from a foreigner who
may be unable to give it. " They order these
things better" in St. Petersburgh ; here is no
danger of running inadvertently on a fixed bayor
net ; the sentinel, or watchman call out, it is true,
but merely to convince you they are awake, and
expect no reply in return. I have traversed St.
Petersburgh at different hours of the night, and
have never experienced any molestation whatever.
I likewise much admire the way in which the
crendarmerie, or mounted police, discharge their
duty ; they attend (as in France) at all proces-,
sions or fairs, in short, on all public occasions
where a crowd is certain and disorder possible ;
but their swords are not drawn ; they merely act
as constables, and, I think, conduct themselves
with more consideration and forbearance than are
really due to such a " swinish multitude"

as a

Russian mob. This eulogium is really due to
the subordinates ; of the principals I cannot say
as much, for it must be confessed that the police
establishment in Russia (to a stranger at least)
is annoying in the extreme; a system of " es-
pionage" is kept up in every respect worthy of
t'ouche's administration, and the revolutionaty
days of France. A well known northern traveller
was residing some time since at an hotel in St. Pc-
tersburgh, occupied in writing his travels for pub-
lication ; every precaution was taken, but yet
the police received intelligence that he was
writing something, and many inquiries were made
as to the nature of the composition in which he
was engaged; he certainly did not experience any
material interruption during the prosecution of
the work, but when he applied for his passport
to return home, his departure was delayed by all
the expedients that malice or ill-nature could sug-
gest. Foreigners are particularly annoyed, and
if the slightest suspicion is attached to the cha •
racter of the stranger, he is kept under the
strictest surveillance; so strict indeed is the
police, that a new billet of residence must be ob-

rained every time a foreigner changes his lodg-
ings, in default of which " the offender " (these
arc the words), N N ill incur the legal fine of two
rubles for each day. In case of a journey into the
interior, the bearer is personally to appear at the
office with a certificate from the major of the
ci,eikikiirter Itch
the
dresiidces, andli
departure
he leaves the
tin.. fri tlib - üblicus apa‘p'ee'rsis,ean
to 'e Gave r-General of St. Petersburgb.
But am st ig from my subject, I intended
id
s address a 'ie titi oen
this letter to. a military contribution, and as
,
such shall conclude with a slight sketch of the
recruiting system in Russia. It is probably not
generally known in England, that the conscrip-
tion in Russia is on an entirely different plan to
what it is in other countries in Europe : when
recruits are wanted for the army here, a levy is
made upon the population at large ; there have
been two of these demands lately, the first was
Itwo out of 500, the second one out of 400, an
assessment that would produce altogether about
350,000 men. According to the Russian system
it appears that none but the peasantry arc 'liable
to be drawn ; the peasants or serfs belong to the
landholder by a feudal tenure, and are bought
and sold with the estate ; the number of able
bodied men on each estate is duly ascertained,
and the proprietor must give up what the go-
verment demands; the landholder therefore is the
loser, the peasant merely exchanges one state of
slavery for another; those destined for the army
must be strong and healthy men, in other respects
the authorities never interfere, but leave the
choice of individuals to .be settled between the
master and his men. When the men are given
up, one half of the hair is cut off close to the
head, to ensure discovery in case of desertion ;
they arc then marched to the depot ; here he is
examined as to his corporeal qualifications, and
if passed, must submit to the entire loss of his
hair and beard, a loss above all others the most
grating to his feelings ; he then undergoes a
severe training, at the expiration of which he
becomes . the most passive, the most obedient
animal in the world, and though in a state of the
most abject slavery, with a penny a day for his
allowance, and the coarsest food for his support,
he is taught to congratulate himself on his elcva-

ton, and —to look with disdain on the class of in-

dividuals with whom he was once numbered.
Sixty young Jews have recently entered the army,
and as they possessed a superior degree of intel-
ligence, were promised immediate promotion in
case of their conversion to Christianity, the
terms were acceded to, all were baptized, and are
now gone to prove the sincerity of their faith by
a crusade against the infidels.

The new piece produced on Monday night at
the English Opera House, is (according to a correspondent)
slid to be the maiden attempt of Lord W. LENNOX.—
Morning Paper.

On the Bth instant, at ten o'clock at night,

the sea at Marseilles swelled to such a degree, without
wind, that the quays were covered with water, and a great
number of vessels broke frem their moorings.—French.
Paper.

CONCISE AND COURTEOUS.-Tile following
epitaph is engraved on a tombstone in a churchyard in
Ireland

J" Here lies Pat Steele.
vThat's very true :
Who 'was he ?—What was he ?
What's that to you ?"

A letter from Augusta, in Georgia, dated the
11th ult., says that " thelecusts, which are nutnerous in
the swamp and the oak-woods in this vicinity, antifestrov-
ing the leaves of the fruit and forest-trees in Parts of
the country. They have not yet attackeCthrgrowing
crop. They are so numerous in the swamps*elow tbis
city, that a respectable planter told us the other (1,..v th",
his hogs were getting fat on th,m. They are
(but little larger than the hors y), and make a zunse
like the tree-frog."

NEGRO SLAVERY.

(EXTRACT FROM THE ANTI-SLAVERY REPORTER FOR
JUNE, 1829.)
_ _ _ _

‘. At one o'clock of the morning of the sth inst.
in a veay thin House, Mr. Otway Cave moved the
following Resolutions, which were negatived with-
out a division, and, indeed, without a debate, if we
except some weighty preparatory observations of the
Honourable Mover.")—(Here the Resolutions are

given.)
" We respect the motives which have influenced
Mr. Otway Cave on this occasion. We must still,
however, think the course he has puasued unfor-
tunate, and the time ill chosen. Who could ever
have supposed it possible, that after a Session cf
four months' duration, a motion of which formal
notice had been given in the preceding session, a
motion, too, of such vital importance, and big with so
many vital interests, would at last have been shuffled
into a corner; that at the unseasonable hour of one
o'clock in the morning, on almost the last day of the
session, when no rational bode could be entertained
of a beneficial discussion or a favourable result, when
the House had been nearly emptied, resolutions so
momentous, and so sure to be opposed, should have
been brought forward and attempted to be passed ?
Such a coursa was hardly fair either to the friends
or the opponents of our cause; and not even dream.
ing that such a thing was within the verge of possi-
bility, almost every individual who felt an interest
in the question had withdrawn; though, had they
remained, they could only have used their influence
to induce the mover to seltet a fitter time for his
propositions, to which, independently of this circum-
stance, we ourselves could not but be favourable."
—.4nti-Slavery Reporter.
In reply to the above remarks (apparently intend-
ed a, excusatory of the conduct of what is called the
Anti-slavery party in the House of Commons, on
the occasion of their opposition to or extraordinary

dereliction from the principle of the Resolutions
proposed by Mr. Cave on the evening of the 4th of
June,) it may not be inexpedient to point out some
few of the inaccuracies and inadvertencies into
which the writer of those remarks has fallen.
That the Session was of four months' duration is
true, but it is well known that the first part of it
was wholly absorbed by the Catholic Question.
The duration of the Session for other purposes,
therefore, must be calculated for the 21st of Apiil
(about nine weeks), and Mr. Cave brought on his
motion three weeks before its termination. On the
first of June, it will be seen by the published notices,
that Mr. Cave gave notice for the 2d of June. On
the 2d, at the request of a Member of the Govern-
ment, he postponed it to the 3d, and on the 3d his
attempt to bring it on was objected to by the leaders
of the Anti-Slavery party. In their presence it was
again postponed to the 4th, with the understanding
that it should then positively come on.
Pursuant to this positive understanding, on Thurs-
day, the 4th instant, in a House for the time of the
year and under the circumstances of the case, un-
usually full, Mr. Cave moved his resolutions, which
were not negatived, until a division and a short de-
bate had taken place; in which Messrs. Huskisson,
Wm. Smith, Lumley Saville, Sir George Murray,
and Mr. Goulburn, took part.
That it was hoped that the resolutions would be
negatived without a division, is probable, as in
that case the desertion of the cause by individuals
would have escaped notice. But the Morning He-
rald, June gth, in alluding to Mr. Cave's motion,
gives the following extract from the Journals of the
House of Commons, which shows that the resolu-
tions were not negatived " without a division."
" For the division the noes went forth. Mr. 0.
Cave was appointed one of the tellers for the year,
but no other Member remaining in the House to be
a second teller for the year, the noes returned into
I he House, and Mr. Speaker declared that the noes
had it."

So far from his motion having been " shuffled into
a corner," every means have been taken, both pri-
vately and publicly, to ensure for it a sufficiency of
Parliamentary attendance and support, as will appear
from the subjoined statement of a member of the
Anti-Slavery Committee, whose authority is unim-
peachable, and whose name is forthcoming if neces-
sary.
" As early as February I brought forwar►l a mo-
tion. in the Asti-Slavery Committee the object of
which was to secure the support of the Society and
;di its friends, both in and out of Parliament, to the
principle involved in Mr. Cave's notice of motion.
My proposition was, however, like Mr. C.'s, nega-
tived."

It does certainly appear, that the leaders of the
Anti-Slavery Committee, who rejected the above
proposition, are bound to give tb.?.ir reasons for so
doing to the great party in the country which they
profess to represent. They will do well at the same
time to explain why nothing had been done in Par-
liament this year, why the annual meeting which had
been actually fixed for the 2d of May, was suddenly
and mysteriously abandoned, and how it has hap-
pened that the facts connected with Mr. Cave's re-
solutions are thus strangely represented.
That en the evening of the 4th, when the motion
was actually made, the leaders of the Anti-Slavery
party in the House could not possibly have been
taken by surprise—as is clearly insinuated by the
tcnour of the article in the Reporter,—may be seen
by any one who will take the trouble to refer to any
of the official documents of the Parliamentary pro-
ceedings of the day previous, or to the reports of
the debates as given in the Mirror and public
Newspapers.

(From the Times, June 4. )

" Mr. 0. Cave rose (last night) for the purpose
of bringing forward a proposition to declare that
children born of slave parents in his Majesty's Co-
lonies, after a certain period, should be free.
" Mr. Brougham, Sir J. Mackintosh, and Mr. F.
Buxton, recommended the Hon. Member to with-
draw his motion under existing circumstances.

" Mr. 0. Cave deel4red his determination to per-
severe.

" The gallery was cleared for a division., but none
took place, as, on the suggestion of several Hon.
Members, Mr. 0. Cave agreed to postpone his mo-
tion till to-morrow (this day), with the understand-
ing that it should then positively come on."
Left as he was in ignorance of the motives by
which the party were now actuated, Mr. Cave could
not do otherwise than follow a former exhortation
of its eloquent leader, Dlr. Brougham, who, in the
debate upon Mr. Buxton's resolutions in the year
182.3, made use of the following forcible and memor-
able expressions on the subject.
" It seems to me now to be the imperative duty
of a legislature, to pass some act with respect to the
freedom of unborn children. We shall be wanting
in our duty to that part of our fellow subjects, if we
do no not immediately announce our intention of
taking up that part of the subject. Difficulties
doubtless will be to be encountered; difficulties
there are in every change; but are they insurmouiit-
able ? I trust that no man will be stopped by them,
who does not wish to be impeded."

That Mr. Cave's motion was not made on " al-
most the last day of the session," will appear from
the fact that Parliament was prorogued on the 21th
of June, and that consequently an interval of about
three weeks elapsed between the close of the Ses-
sion and the day on which Mr. Cave renewed his
notice ; that half-past twelve was not an unusually
Lae hour for proceeding with business is well
known; and Mr. Cave was preventeit from bringing
on his motion earlier by a long. 'and very unusual
discussion, which was raised on a petition present-
ed by Mr. Brougham. But after what had passed
the night before between Mr. Cave, Mr. Brougham,
Mr. Buxton, and Sir J. Mackintosh, does the editor
of the Anti-Slavery Reporter really mean to insinuate
that if the hour had been earlier Mr. Cave's motion
would have been supported ? Does the Editor mean to
say that if Mr. Cave " had selected a fitter time,"
•' he himself could not be favourable" to the propo-
sitiwis, after what had passed months More in the

Committee ? On the same evening, Mr. W. Hor-
ton went at length into the subject of his important
motion respecting our surplus population. On the
2d Lord Blandfor4l brought on his important re-
solutions on Parliamentary reform, and on the Ist
of June, Sir J. Mackintosh brought on his import-
ant motion respecting our relations with Portugal,
when the House sat till a quarter before four o'clock
in the morning. Yet, these gentlemen are not
charged with unreasonable hours, or delaying their
motions till almost the last day of the session.
That the House was not " nearly empty," will
also appear from the circumstance, that a majority
of forty-five was still left in it to oppose the carry-
ing of the resolutions, exclusively of a considerable
number of what is called the Anti-Slavery party,
who had thought proper suddenly and simultane-
ously to leave their places, both on the coming on
of the motion, and while the gallery was clearing for
the division.

It was impossible for Mr. Cave to know that his
resolutions were " so sure to be opposed," because
more than one member of the party alluded to, who
either voted and canvassed against him, or went
away as the division was taking place, had up to the
very day on which he brought forward his proposi-
tion, repeatedly and unreservedly promised him
countenance and support.

Here then is a notice of a motion for the 2d—on
the 2d it is postponed to the 3d—and the attempt
to bring it forward on that evening gives rise to a
discussion between Mr. 0. Cave, Mr. Brougham,
Sir J. Mackintosh, and Mr. F. Buxton, which ends
in an express understanding that this motion shall
positively be made on the evening of the 4th ; and
yet, suppressing all these facts, the Anti-Slavery
Reporter informs his readers that on the evening of
the 4th almost all those who felt an interest in the
question had withdrawn, not even dreaming that
such a thing as Mr. Cave's motion was within the
verge of possibility ! ! Can any one believe that be-
fore those gentlemen withdrew, they did not look
round and see Mr. Cave in his place, actually wait-
ing to make this undreamed-of motion ? Can any
one suppose, after the understanding of the preceding
evening, that they would not have taken the trouble
to ask him whether from any cause he had changed
his intention, if they had even entertained a doubt
on the subject ? Is it possible that these gentle-
men should have gone away,not even dreaming that
Mr. Cave's motion was within the verge of pos.
sibility ?

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Hank Stock 214 14
3 per Cent. Red. .....90 16 8974
3 per Cent. Cons. 8.94% 1%
314 pet Cent. 993
Ditto Fed. 991%
I per Cent. i 033,4
Ditto, 1,26 106 Z.,% 6
Ditto Scrip —
Bank L. Ann. 0 1-16
India. Stock 22914 9
Ditto Timids 57 58 pm.
