Danigh.,

too

Dantaie live ll6 to 1912 DO to 100
Upland 116 to 123. 90 to 100
Holstein ll6 to 120 9O to 04
Petersburgh and Riga. 118 to 1211 DO to 100
Magdeburgh Harley OB to 1114. 74 to 70
Anhalt llB to 104 74 to 77
Meeklenburgli
Upland tats
slccklenburgh
Lower Elbe —to 20 to 50
Danish 66 to 75 —to
Pomeranian Malt —to 06 to 70
Pease, yellow, Upland
Holstein Rapeseed —to —. "00 to 215

Every post brings us lower prices from Berlin, and our
place is in consequence depressed. Our only buyers are
the successful Beats, who are realizing their tlifferenees.
The Berlin Exchange is in a very bad situation ; Polish
Bonds have been done shoe at 38r., which is equal to
76 here. On tit, 14th we may expect from St. Peters-
burgh some account of the impression produced there by
the Lite events in Poland. Discount 31 per cent. ; money
abundant.

End of December.
Anglo-Danish Loan 3 per Cent fel%
Anglo.ltusstan Loan Bl%
flamlntrg.ftussiatt Loan lO%
Polish Bonds B3
New Prussian Four per Cents. (1830) 74
Austrian Bank Shares sal
Austrian Metalliques R.3
New Austrian 4 per Cents 73

The trial of the French Ex-Ministers commenced
on Wednesday, The proceedings, which are deeply
interesting, will be found in another column. PO-
LIGNAC, by all accounts, is fully aware of his awful
situation, is composed and tranquil; PEYRONNET
displays a firmness and energy worthy a better
cause; and as for CTIANTE,LAUZE, body and soul
seem both in a state of extreme exhaustion.

In the Chamber of Peers on the 13th, the Mi•
ulster of Marine brought forward his project of law
for the supp►ession of Negro Slavery. We hope
this odious traffic may be promptly put an end to.
The question is full of difficulties, but even these
should be made to give way to justice.

Sir *E. 13. SUGDEN, in his speech last night on
the subject of Chancery Reform, indulged in an idle
sneer at the present LORD CHANCELLOR, respecting►
the appointment of hi; new Secretaries. The lion,
and Learned Gentleman wns ably and temperately
answered by the ATTORNEY-GENERAL.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S.

The only horses backed to any amount yesterday were 11la.
'gree, Thunder, Colwick (14 to I was taken about each of these
three in one het), and two or three outsiders. We give the aids
about all the horses hacked :

Tilt TARDY.
12 to 1 agat Lord Sligo's Bras de Fer
14 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Blunder
14 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Filagree.en't
15 to 1 agst Mr. Beardsworth's Co!wick
la to 1 agst Mr. W. Chifney's Caleb
17 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's thymus (taken)
18 to 1 ag,t Lord Exeter's Bohemian
30 to 1 agst sir J. Shelley's Cressida colt
1000 to 30 agat Lord Exeter's Miss Cantley colt (taken)
7 tot agst Blunder and Filagree (taken)
1000 to 20 agst Cressida winning Derby and Riddlesworth
(taken)
1000 to 20 (and afterwards 1000 to 23) agst Filagree winning
same events (taken)

Notwithstanding the advice from the Home
Office, a very general resolution not to use thrashing ma-
chines lies been adopted in the neighbourhood of Gulches-
ter, and several gentlemen hare ordered their machines to
be destroyed.

On Tuesday last the Incorporated Trades of
Kirkcudbright, forwarded petitions to both Houses of
Parliament in favour of Burgh and Parliamentary Reforms
--D uutfries Courier.

The Earl of SHREWSBURY is, and has been,
ever since his accession to the honours of the house of
TALUOT, exhibiting an example which it were well if
some of our Nobles and Gentry would learn to emulate.
Nut only dues his Lordship afford constant employment to
more than 150 men, but to furnish the means of support
to a number of distressed labourers and. their families he
has lately given work to many more, without, however,
having any need for their services. His Lordship's hu-
manity does not stop hers. Ile visits the eattages around
him, to observe, with hit own eyes, if they require repara-
tion ; and many a poor family is indebted for the comforts
of a new snug dwelling, or warm clothing, to an tine'.
petted call front their noble benefactor, who gives an-
nually extensive charities to the poor in clothing ; nor asks
what is the religion professed by those upon whom he is
bestowing it. When absent on the Continent, he still
continued to afford employment to the same number of
men, was equally munificent in hie charity, and caused
the very liveries of his servants to be male by his tailor in
England, and forwarded all the way to Rome. If Noble-
men, like the Earl of Sunawanear, could be met with
more frequently, the poor of England would be happier,
and there would not exist that enormous chasm which now
divides the people from the aristocracy ; and if, like him,
Noltlemen would pass more of their time, and spend more
of their money on their meter, so many thousand pounds
that are now expended in idleness, or squandered among
the profligacies of the capital, Would be made to circulate
more generally through the country, and benefit a large
portion of the people.

TIIE FIRE AT LEYTON.—It appears that
the fire at Leyton on the premises of Mr. DANDY turns
out to have been the auditions act of an incendiary ; that
gentleman his offered a reward of 1,0001., in addition to
the sum under bit 111AlcaTea proclamation for the detec-
tion of the authk or the crime. Since the fire threatenieg
notices, in the same of " Swing," have been received,
bearing the London post mark, by some of the farmers in
the vicinity.

FIRE AT Ma. WREFORD'S MILLS, LEEK.
—Mr. Wagroan, after the fullest possible investigation
into the circumstances of the fire at his silk mills last
week, has come to the conclusion that the fire here was
accidental, and not the set don incendiary; the iron work
of the machinery not having been consumed, preparations
are making for the resumption of employment. The
promises were insured in one of the Manchester Fire-offices,
who have promptly come forward and paid the amount of
the policy.

STATE of BERKSHIRE, HAMPSIIIII,E,'&c.
luwe conversed with It mercantile gentleman who
has just returned to town from an extensive tour through
the district round Reading, Andover, Basingstoke, and
the neighbouring towns, who states that appearances are
by no me ma favourable there to the continuance of tram.
,quillity. He states that the greatest fears were entertained
yesterday at Basingstoke, that the agricultual mebs were on
the point of again associating and parading the country for
the destruction of ntachinery. Precautionary measures
had, however, been taken by the magistrates to meet the
mobs and check their progress by force. A vast number
of special constables were kept in readiness, and a large
body of mounted patrole were an what might be considered
almost on permanent duty.

Two petitions have been volt Off from Garston,
Ayrshire, to both Houses of Parliament, for the abolition
of negro slavery; the one to be presented by the Marquis
of Harrrucs to the House of Lords, and the other by
T, F. Kaman;, Esq., M.P., to the House of Commons.
--M Kilmarnock the Magistrates, Town Council, Com-
missioners of Police, incorporated trades and inhabitants,
are.getting up two petitions for Reform to both MUM of
Parlinurent.—A meeting for the same object took place in
Nesernilne, on the 27th ult., at which a petition to the
House of Commons; praying for annual Parliaments,
universal suffrage, and rote by ballot, wat unanimously
adopted.-.Ziirthury4 Advertiter.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE--►(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

FALMOUTH, Dec. 15.—Wind calm.—Arrived the Eclipse
packet, from Rio Janeiro—sailed the 31st of October. Off port
the Maria, Buff, from Bengal ; and the Pere'lee and Victoria,
from Quebec.
M RGATE, Dec. 16.—Arrived oft' lain the Harmony, Day,
from Waterford.
DOVER, DEC. 16.—Arrived off port the General Wolf,
Think, from South America.
HASTINGS, DEC. 16.—Arrived off port the Struthisla, from

Quebec.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 15.—Arrived the Robert Qusyle,
Nickels, from Bahia ; Balfour, Bie, from New Orleans ; Wash-
ington, Parson, and Medora, from Charleston ; Montezuma,
West, from Philadelphia; Pacific, Nettle; Martha, Heron, and
Ariadne, M'Kellop, from Quebec ; John and Mary, Thompson;
Duncan, Grayson, and Lady H. Ellice Liddell. from St. John's,
New Brunswick ; Cornwallis M‘Leoil ; British Tar, Barker;
and Isabella, Grant, from kieheburto ; Jes%ey, Milroy ; Bri-
tannia, Oliver, and Doctor Harrison, from Miramichl ; and the
Brothers, Ferguson, from Trieste.
GREENOCK, Dec. 14.,-Arrived the Cecilia, Hepburn, from
Demerara ; and the Royal Adelaide, from Miramicht
BELFAST, Dtc. 14.—Arrived the Earl of Aberdeen, from
Quebec; Hope, Fitzsimons, from Riga ; Menzi, Brown, from
Pilau ; Nymph, Hutchinson, and the Star,',Wood, from Danttic.
DUBLIN, Use. 15.—Arrived the John Parker, from Quebec ;
and the Arena, Rust, from London.
mus-roL, DE.c. lit—Arrived the Camilla, from Newfound-
land ; and the Mary, from Dantzic.

Arrived off the Wight the John and Edward, Edmund, from
New Bideford; and the Onondaga, Baird, from Quebec.
The Pigeon packet, from Buenos Ayres, has arrived in the
Channel—sailed 11th October, and from Monte Video the 16th.
The Johannes, from Hull to Amsterdam, was stranded on the
13th inst. at Egmonci—erew saved.
The Grand Anacreon, from Vera Cruz, was totally wrecked on
the Bth inst.—crew andipassengers saved:
