A PROCLAMATION.

JAMAICA. SS.
By his Excellency, &c. Whereas the situation of the inhabitants
of the Grand Caymanas having engaged the particular attention of
his Majesty's Government, more especially as to the effect which the
recent changes under the laws of the Imperial Parliament have
upon the structure of society in those.belonging to Great Britain,
where slavery formerly existed ; and the opinion of the Law Officers
of the Crown having been obtained, I have received his Majesty's
commands forthwith to communicate the decision at which they
have arrived upon the question.
The Slavery Abolition Act having declared, that all persons of
the age of Six, or upwards, who, on or before the first of August,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, have been duly regis-
tered as Slaves, should become and be Apprenticed Labourers, and
such registration not having been adopted as respects the Island of
the Caymanas previous to the passing thereof, such unregistered
slaves have, in consequence, become entitled to the unqualified en-
joyment of their personal freedom. And whereas it is incumbent
on his Majesty's Government to see the letter of the Slavery Abo-
lition Act carried into full effect, I do hereby, under the directions
of His Majesty's Government, declare and make known, that all
such unregistered Slaves at the Island of the Caymanas, have been
absolutely manumitted, and can no longer be lawfully treated as
apprenticed labourers.
Fully alive, however, to the inconvenience which the course I
am commanded to pursues must entail upon the private interests of
the community of this island, and the apparent injustice inflicted
on the proprietors of the negroes by the construction of the law,
owing to the injury which they will sustain in being deprived of
the service of their apprentices, still his Majesty's Government
have no power to interpose ; and it will be for Parliament itself to
provide a remedy, and to decide how far those affected by the omis-
sion may be entitled to a compensation for the loss unintentionally
inflicted upon them. On this subject a most earnest representation
will be made to the King, and I have the satisfaction in the mean-
time to make known that the Commissioners for Compensation in
England consider the Caymanas as an appendage to Jamaica, and
entiled to share in the Compensation Fund, according to the inter-
ests of the respective owners in those islands.
Given under my hand and seal, at St. Jago de la Vega,
the 20th day of April, in the sth year of his Majesty's
reign, Annoque Domini, 1835.
• (Signed) SLIGO,
Cap!.-Gen. and Governor of Jamaica.

By his Excellency's command,
(Signed) W. G. NUNES, Sec.
The weather has been favourable in Most of the leeward parishes,
and the rain fell abundantly in Manchester. The prospect of the
coffee crop in that part is said to be cheering.
(From the Guiana Chronicle.)
BAABADOES.-The House of Assembly met on Wednesday the
Sth inst., pursuant to a special call from his Excellency the Go-
vernor: Numerous communications were read with open doors,
comprising messages from the Governor to the Council and House
of Assembly; together with the Address of the House ; also dis-
patches from Lord Aberdeen, and the answer to them by the
House.
A dispute has risen between the Executive and the Legislature
of that Island, which threatens to be of a serious nature.

TILE FUNDS.
The business doing yesterday in the British Funds was on a very
limited scale. Consols, which left off at 91 4 for the Account,
opened this morning at 914, with little doing. India Bonds, 57 ;
Exchequer Bills, 25 to 27 • Bank Stock, 214. The Foreign
Market, which appeared healthy in the morning of yesterday, gave
way in the afternoon, and closed with lower prices. The Stock
Exchange Committee, which re-assembled again after their labours,
re-admitted ten of the parties ; they prescribed on the 16th.
Spanish Stock, 40i 41 ; Spanish Scrip, 18 17 discount; Portu-
guese, 84i ; Colombian, 351 ; Mexican, 36 37 ; Dutch, 455 4.
French Funds :-5 per Cents., 108 35; 3 per Cents, 78 6U; Cortes
Bonds, 35 ; Coupons, 17 ; Differes, 164.
HAIF-PAST ONE.

(From the Bogota Gazette of the 12th April. )
NEws FROM GuAYAQuit.—The new supreme chief, San Roca-
fuerti, has issued a decree at Guequil, for the convocation of a
National Congress for the Ist June, to be held at the city of
Ambato.
Consols have been, during the whole of the morning, at 91%
for the Account, with scarce a bargain doing. Exchequer Bills,
26 ; India Bonds, 67 ; India Stock, 260 ; Bank Stock, 21614 34.
The foreign market continues very languid, and has a heavy ap-
pearance at present. Spanish and Portuguese Stocks have receded,
which is attributed to the approaching account on next Tuesday.
Spanish Bonds, 40 to 401, ; Spanish Scrip, 19% discount ; Por-
tuguese, 83-84 ; Columbian, 35% ; Mexican, 35% 36 ; Dutch,
two. and-a-half per cents, 551,
Consols for the Account, 911'1.

THREE 0' CLOCK.

STROUD. —The population is six times as large
as that of Sir Robert Peel's borough of Tamworth.
NATURAL PLIENOMENON.-011 the Chinese
frontier, near Kiakha, while the weather was very calm and
extremely cold, on the 11th of March, there was observed, a
few minutes of ter 9 P.m., at an extraordinary elevation in the
north-west, a fiery meteor in a serpentine form of a most daz-
zling brightness. In an instant this meteor was converted into
a brilliant cloud, resembling an immense blazing sheaf,
which proceeded to precipitate itself obliquely with extreme
rapidity towards the earth, assuming the form of an enor-
mouse sheet of flame, which filled all the visible space of
the horizon with a light as clear as day, and separating
Into three portions disappeared. The roar of distant thun-
der was then heard, and this. occasioned a tremulous motion
to be felt in the houses. Two other sounds were perceived,
but these were reckoned merely •the echoes of the first re-
verberating from the neighbouring mountains. This phe-
nomenon, which lasted but a few seconds, has not occasioned,
as far as has yet been ascertained, the least damage.
Russian Paper,
