was passive, grounded on their former suljection
to the Pope, which was held to be due to the
King, through tl,eir zeal against Papacy. This
rendered him a despot. The Clergy of the Church
preached up his divine right, in opposition to the
Catholics, who more troiy derived it from the
'people. Hence were sewn Puritan and Republi-
cin seeds in the country, which, nourished by
the Papists, justified attacks on the Crown, even
'to resistance. A tame submission would have
opened a way to the. restoration of Popery, and
slavery, contrary to the original intention, for
the expulsion of both.
After the Reformation, the Crown endeavoured
to govern the Church by the laws of the old
Hierarchy, in order to extend its prerogative, hut
the spirit of liberty defeated the attempts of tem-
poral despotism, under the canon and civil law.
Religious liberty, whose source was the Refor-
mation, introduced and supported civil. liberty.
It opened the mind to inquiry, and discovered
errors and corruptions in abundance. Letters,
and the developement of reason, melted away
prejudice, and the bilance of power devolved on
the people. It appeared in Parliament, and the
Crown was sensible of it ; but King Charles,
following the example of his father, rashly pro-
voked its spirit, which in the end lost him his
kingdom and Isis bead, after a hitter struggle
through two reigns, between prerogative and li-
berty. His fate, nevertheless, bad not the de-
sired effect with his successors. They endeavour-
ed to revive exploded claims, and fell from the
Throne, one in death, the other in disgrace. It
was consequently filled by a glorious Prince, who
was called to it from NECRSSITY, by the voice of
the nation ; awl this was the true era of English
liberty, which, though darkened, stilled, and in-
vaded by Pottery and Tyracny, for ages, sur-
mounted all obstacles, and shone forth in its na-
tive lustre. The Protestant principles had long
been working among the. people. Elizabeth pro-
moted them, and her Clergy, thought Papi3t-s,
were ~eaceful, and not to be feared from any tie
that Popery had on their conscience, inasmuch
that those principles prevailed, in time, over all
opposition.

Religion thus cleansed of its impurities, po-
licy and interest united to support regal authority,
and strengtl:en the obedience of the. Subject,
against the factious machinations of Papists and
Puritans. Our RevolUtion settled liberty, as on
a rock, mixed with the true spirit of our ancient
Constitution, and both Prince and People will be
too wise to violate it. All. that is consistent with
kingly rule, the people have ; and prerogative,
consistent with freedom, is given the King. The
Royal and popular form so planted in early times,
and grown to maturity, may prevail, with care,
to the latest time, as the boast and glory of onr
Country—the envy and admiration of surrounding
Nations.

BIAYNARD.

LAW INTELLIciENCE,

COUI; C[UNC?RY, 2
