ESQUIMAUX INDIANS.

The following statement is contained in the
"Monthly Extracts from the Correspondence of
the British and Foreign Bible Society," for the
present month :

" Besides the copies confided (by the Hull Auxiliary Bible
Society) to the masters of fishing ships, , for sale among
their own crews, Bibles and Testaments in foreign lan-
guages have, in several instances, been taken on board to
answer any occasions which might arise in the course of
.the
voyage. The history of one of these, an Esquinzaux Testa-
ment, will be interesting :—ln May, 1820, (the Captain
reports,) being in South East Bay, we were visited by several
inhabitants, both male and female, who staid on board a con-
siderable time. Having been supplied with some Esquimaux
Testaments previous to leaving Hull, I gave one to a leading
character among them. He appeared to know what book it was,
and pointed with his finger to the sky, saying, very good !'
He then asked me, 4 What truck?' or what he must give me
in exchange. I endeavoured to make him understand that I
gave it him ; and he put the book into his bosom. During
the time that he remained on board, he wrote several Christian
names on a slate, which could he distinctly made out.—
After some time he pulled oif his booth, and gave them into
my hand. I asked him why he did that ? He immediately
took the book from his bosom, to show it was for that, that
he was ready to part with so essential a part of his dress. I in-
timated that I could not.think of taking them, and endeavoured
to make him understand that I had brought out the books on
purpose to give freely to such persons as himself; but he threw
down the boots on the cabin floor, ran upon deck, and immedi-
ately got over the ship's side along with his companions, who
descended with him into their boats, when the whole company
gave us three cheers and returned on shore."

• QUADRUPED POSTMAN.-Mr. JOHN FREEMAN,
of Framsden, some time since, gave to Mr. C.
FREEMAN, orStowupland, a mastiff bitch (and
her whelp), which is now kept by him, and
which regularly goes twice a week, sometimes
thrice, from Stowupland to the parish of Frams-
den (in the.night), thereby establishing a post
between the parties, it being a distance of about
nine miles. Letters'are secured upon the' dog's
neck in the evening by Mr. F. of Stowupland,
and are received by Mr. F. of. Framsden. the fol-
lowing morning ; the dog remains during the
day, never longer, and returns to Stowupland,
where letters are received the succeeding morn-
ing.---(Bury

But this is not all, COBBETT and HUNT, once
bosom friends, have also quarrelled, and are do-
ing all they can to expose each other. There is
more than poetical justice in this warfare, and it
is but fit that such men sho'uld reflect disgrace upon
each other, and leave no doubt on the public
mind as to their pretensions to the charatters of
Patriots and Reformers. It seems that HUNT had
presented a quantity of his Breakfast Powder to
the suffering Irish. COBBETT ridicules this pre-
sent, declaring that the starving labourers of the
sister country did not want to be insulted by
this impudent bragging, charity, whose feeling
heart' ships them off half a ton of rye-meal,
costing three pounds, and- stuns, or would stun,
the nation with the intelligence of the boon, put
down at " fifty-six pounds !" and the benevolent
AUNT thus comments upon his quondam friend's
paragraph
" I might ask if the writer of this fliliehood ever gave half
that sum in charity in his life ? But the writer knew, when he
put forth this barefaced lie, that the port charges and shipping
cost me nearly three pounds; he knew that the mere coals for
manufacturing the half ton of breakfast powder cost nearly that
sum ; he knew, when he was writing the lie, that the rye alone
cost double that sum ; he knew thlt. the wages alone for manu-
facturing half a ton of my breakfast powder, amount to nearly
double that sum; he knew that the rent and taxes amounted to
more than that sum ; and he knew that the casks and the paper
in which it was packed cost half the sum that he has named as
the whole expence—three pounds. I have been often asked,
what motive can Gobbett have for writing such barefaced false-
hoods, that every person who reads them must cry shame at his
baseness ? I gen'erally answer, that habit is a second nature ;
b'ut in this, instance, k. envy, hatred, and malice, and all uncha-
ritableness,' drive him thus to expose himself. The fact is, he
knows 1 am in possession of certain facts, for which he will
never forgive me." _

Adverting to COBBETT'S " malignant tongue,"
HUNT writes as follows, meaning to say that
COBBETT cannot accuse him of doing what he
thus intimates that CounETT has really done :

" Cobbett has told several of my friends that he will not
openly attack me while I am in prison, but the moment I leave
this place he will fall foul on me. It would be much more
manly for him to attack me openly at once, than it is to take
every dirty opportunity to injure me privately, by dark and
cowardly insinuations. If lie (Cobbett) speaks the truth,
he will never accuse me of having offered to compromise
with the Government, and denying it to all my friends, till
it was-proved by a letter in my own hand-writing in a Court of
justice-41e will not accuse me of denying my own handwrit-
ing, and swearing that it was a forgery, till it was proved to be
the contrary—he will never accuse me of having deserted my
friends, and fled from my country when she was in danger—he
will not accuse me of having raised large subscriptions all' over
the country, and refused to acknowledge the receipt of the mo-
ney. In fact, he may lie and. swear-all sorts of things against
me, but he will not, I believe, accuse me of having become a
fraudulent bankrupt to.cheat all my creditors; neither will he
accuse me of having attempted to bilk my bail, nor of advising
a political rival to bilk his bail and fly the country, merely that
I may have the opportunity of saying, that he was as great a
rogue and as great coward as myself."
It might be supposed. that after these mutual
accusations, upbraidings, and. exposures, these
men would sink, into silent obscurity, kit they
will doubtless have the audacity to come forward-
with new pretensions to public virtue, and fiAa
that there will still -be fools enough to fall into
, their snares.

The next prejudice encountered by our author
in the cause of humanity, is the opinion entertained
of the Greeks, both before and after the com-
mencement of their arduous struggle. We are all
perhaps too apt to compare them with their
glorious ancestors, .who had risen to such a proud
eminence, both in the arts of peace and wari and
who have been so long thestandard and the model
by which other nations have also risen toeminence ;
but when we look to the state of their posterity,
we are apt to inquire where Greece is, or where
is the spirit of its gallant heroes and renowned
Philosophers ? This, however, is by no means a
fait comparison, and is doing great injustice to
the modern Greeks, who should not be called to
account for the degeneracy of the centuries before
them, which suffered sucha-governthent to arise
in that country, so adapted to libertyos is enough
to repress it, though not entirely to extinguish
all the energies, moral and religious,- of men
who live under such gross oppression. it may
be a useful warning to any people not to
suffer encroachments to be made upon' the rights
of either order in the State, and to strive
with all their might to preserve that balance of
power, without which all States, whatever may
be- their present strength, must sooner or later
totter and stumble into the same ruin with
Greece ; but yet it ought not to be made any the
least argument against the personal character
of the Greeks themselves, who so far from
being instrumental to that ruin, were only
suffering under all its oppressions, and are
now exerting themselves with the noblest and
most patriotic zeal to burst their chains asunder,
and become, once more worthy of the Grecian
name. If the account is true of their late ex-
ploits at Thermopylae, so famed of old for the
display of the Spirit's pre-emineuce above the
Body, the manes of their fathers must be in the
very centre cf Elysium, and the blood of their
brothers, so barbarously massacred wherever
they could be taken captives, of 'hostages,
and of all their women and helpless chil-
dren, be amply avenged. What a glorious
subject for the Poet, the Historian, or the
Philosopher even, if he is not one .of those•
modern illuminati; who' are so dazzled with
versal light as not to feel any cheering influence
from some peculiar rays; and, from a catholic
philanthropy to the whole species of the world
at large, cannot condescend to feel the least
sympathy with a particular class or a single spot:
at all events it ought to remove at once from us the
prejudice which too many are inclined to indulge,
while they are indulginw their own temper of
indolence, that the modern Greek has so far
degenerated from the spirit of his ancestors, that
he deserves to be ranked among those whom
their own Aristotle affirmed (the tyrannical
pedant ought to have been flogged by his own
pupils for the affirmation) to be destined by
Nature herself for slavery. Little was he think-
ing at-the time, that this sentence of bondage
would now be passed upon his own countrymen,
who were so renowued for maintaining their own
liberty and that of other nations' against the
Colossal PovVer that threatened to stalk over
them with its gigantic strides,' and give them a
practical illustration of this his degrading theory.
—if we would make a fair and candid com-
parison with the days of old, we should rather
judge with the tone of my Lord EiISKINE's.
painphlet on this subject, " of what the Greeks
under good government are capable of being, by
looking back to what they have been. At least
their pedigrees, in which we can trace so many.
great men who never should have died, ought to
protect them from the Saracens who cannot shew,
in all their escutcheons, a single man who should
have lived." - Let us hope that notwithstanding
the state of degradation under which they have
been so long groaning, they may now have caught
the spirit of their noble fathers, from which they
had, by an odious tyranny, for so many ages de-
parted ; and overleaping the unnatural boundaries
within which they have been hitherto restrained,
spring forward as one man to avenge centuries of
bondage and oppression, and proclaim to the
world that they Will no longer be kept slaves in
their own land ; that they are not fighting to
gratify ambition or a luSt of power, much less to.
promote any mercenary interest, or intrude in the
least upon the rights and interests of others, but
in their own cause of legal self-defence,—to wrest
from their tyrant conquerors those regions which
they have usurped,. and once more to enjoy the
" freehold" that of right belongs to ti. in, before
it was corrupted by the impious braving of the
Mussulmen liarsovho boasted to take possession,
like Sennacherib of old, under the title of the
Lord, as if he had said " Go up against this city
and destroy it." If, in consequence of their suc-
cessful hypocrisy, that far-famed country fell
under their heavy yoke,- and ever since its charac-
ter has been degenerating and long sinking down.
even to the prostration of their inhuman conquerors
—if the evil of degradation lies upon them (says
SHERIDAN) the guilt of it rests upon their
oppressors.

" It is shameless sophistry to convert the consequences of
suffering into charges against the sufferer, or the results of
tyranny into an apology for the tyrant: for it is a maxim no
less of universal justice than of English law, that no man is
entitled to profit by his own wrong. Besides, the argument
proves too much ; for, according to such reasoners, the Turks
should be bound by treaty to increase their tyranny, and the
consequent demoralization of their victims, tenfold—and there
would then be ten times as much reason for the Turks continu-
ing to torment, and the Greeks to suffer. It is arguing in a
vicious circle to contend that nations are 'tot to be delivered
from a bad government till they have shewn themselves worthy,
of a better ; it insures immortality to oppression ;--for the 'his-

tory of the world sloes not produce an instance of any people
being regenerated and reformed by a bad government,--sand
where could these be a worse government, if it deserves the
name, than that under which the Greeks had been groaning ?
" When the present revolution broke out, the Greeks had been,
during upWards of acentury, under a. government which, though
I am not prepared to call it the most, cruel; is certainly the
most pernicious that ever afflicted a people ;' and they peculiar-
, ly exemplified the usual consequences of such a state. The
tional character, already debased under the eastern empire, and
the subsequent tyranny of Venice, sunk lower still : the total
insecurity of property bad paralysed industry and enterprise,
while habitual tyranny produced deceit : the difficulty of ,
printing confined literature to a comparatively small portion of
the population ; and the Greeks were, upon the whole, as far
below their western as they were above their eastern neighbours.
. In England, however, we under-rated them, from causes which
threw no discredit on either them or us. Our acquaintance was
prinCipally founded on the reports of travellers, who, .excluded
from most parts of Europe, saw them in precisely the most 1111.'
favourable point of View,—in their own country either cowed or
corrupted by their Turkish masters—grovelling In the provinces,..
or caballing in the capital. There were very few Greeks resi-
dent in England ; for, besides the difficulty thrown in their
way by the Levant Company, they, like the Jews, preferred
countries in which there was little industry or enterprise to com:.
pete with and to counteract their own. Still Ido not hesitate
to asserts that there were—not indeed in Greece where a Greek
could neither be rich nor learned, nor otherwise eminent, with
iMpunity, but of the Greek nation in Italy and Germany,—
more men of enterprise and information than there were in Por-
tugal during any period of that romantic and persevering at-
tachment which induced John Bull to keep her like a little
worthless mistress, and to sacrifice to her interest the custom of
26,000,000 of Frenchmen,—more than there were at the precise
moment when his heart was softened, and his purse opened, by
the great Lisbon earthquake,—more than there were When
alcinst yesterday he fought for her, before her sons had
been made good soldiers by Marshal Beresford, of to-
losable, Citizens by their late revolution. There was more-
over this material difference between the two nations : there
existed no apparent excuse fur the degradation of Portugal ;
she was protected by England, and unmolested by foreigners;
sae had the port of Lisbon for commerce and the University of
Coimbra for literature, and she did little in trade and less in
letters; she had printing presses on the spot, and she produced •
neither original works of talent nor translations of the slightest
utility. The Greeks long before their present resurrection had
*hewn great commercial. enterprise, and an insatiate thirst for
knowledge, under peculiar disadvantages f while they crowded
the Universities of Ger Many and Italy, they had established
many primary schools throughout the whole of Greece, and
had printed in foreign countries translations of most of the
European works of eminent utility. They had fertilized the
plains of Hungary and the Crimea by their industry, and
peopled the expanse of the Levant with their sails.
duals of their nation filled, with honour to themselves and to
their country, high military and diplomatic offices in the Courts
of France, Russia, and Austria, and several Greek Px:ofessors
occupied chairs in Italy. In Hydra, pezzia, and Ipsara,
where the Greeks enjoyed a precarious municipal independence,
where they received no encouragement but oblivion, and owed
their purchased inspunitynf exertion not to the benevolence,•
but to the combined avarice and indolence of the Sublime Porte,
the mere temporary removal of the dead weight of despotism.
had enabled the elasticity of Grecian industry and enterprise to.
riso from the prostration of ages. These barren rocks pos-
sessed numerous fleets and an extensive trade, while the conti-
nental defenceless city of Aivali was adorned by a college of
three hundred students and several magnificent hospitals ; a
lazaretto, the great desideratum in Turkey, with other works
of utility, was about to be built, when the present Revolution
broke out, and this city was burnt by the Turks ; thiese of its'
45,000. inhabitants who escaped from slaughter dispersing
throughout Greece, where, unless relieved by the band of fo-
reign charity, they will probably sink under the more gradual
process of famine. The three islands are as yet untouched.'
and crowded with the remnant of these fugitive women and'
children whom:they at first received, and with whom they are.
sharing their last morsel ; they still remain examples of what
the Greeks can be made, by a momentary relaxation of Turkish"

tyranny."

IRELAND.

'l'llE DUBLIN COMMISSION.-SATURDAY.

ARRESTS FOR HIGH TREASON.

After some routine business had been gone through, Mr.
HAMlttox addressed the Court, and said he appeared on be-.
half of six personsovho, as they stated in their petition, were
arrested in Dublin for high treason on the 2Sth June, and kept
in the Head Police-Office until sth July, when they were com-
mitted to Kilmainham Gai)l; where they have since remained
in close confinement, and they prayed the Court would order
them to be biought to trial during the present°CoMmission.
Lord NoitnuliY—Your application is not for the purpose of
obtaining an immediate discharge ?
Mr. HamiLT Or—The present application is founded upon
the gth section of the Habeas Corpus-Act, which provides, that
if during the next Assizes or 'Commission of Oyer and Termi-
ner, after the prisoners have been committed for high treason,-
they should not be brought to trial (having made an applica-
tion for that purpose on' the first or opening- day of the Com-
mission or Assizes),' they shall be discharged on giving bail.
I therefore make the present application as a preceding matter,,
that the prisoners may be entitled to apply for their dis:laige
on the last day of the Commission, if they should not before
that time be brought to trial.
Lord NORBURY—Have you served notice on the Attorney
General ?
Mr. HAMILTOAT—My Lord, we shall do so if your Lord-'
ship orders it. '
Mr. SEALEY TOWNStND:(who appeared on the part of the
Crowny—My Lord, the Crown Solicitor is in court, and that iS
4uite sufficient •
The following are the names of the petitioners:L—Mieha-el
Keenan, Michael Carr, Nathaniel Redmond, John Ceaway,
Michael Quinn, William Mason.
