DUTY ON MALT.

Mr. C. FERGUSSON presented a petition from the
county of Banff h)r the .hulition of the duty on malt.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Sir FRANCIS BLAKE presented a petition from the
inhabitants of the borough of Bermek-upon-Tweed, pray-
ing for the immediate abolition of slavery. Ile hoped the
H wee of Commons would show their constituencies that
they would do their duty by enforcing the immediate
abolition ►.f sl 'very.
OBSERVANCE OF THE SABBATH.

Mr. 111.1.E0D said, he had to present a petition from a
private individual, which, however, referred to a sul.ject
of greater importance to the country at large, than any
other which had been brought before Parliament in the
present session. The petition was from a farmer and
magistrate, named John Patterson, resident in the county
of Sutherland, and pointed out many disadvantages which
would arise from the passing of the Bill brought into the
Hou.e for the better observance of the Sabbath, by the
proposed prevention of the travelling of cattle on Sundays.
He prayed that it might not pass into a law.
Sir ANDREW AGNEW had presented a petition from
the same county, generally, in favour of the Bill for the
better observance of the Sabbath, but the Bill, however,
was nev,r meant to apply to Scotland.
DISSENTERS' MARRIAGES.

Mr. WILBRA HAM pre•enteil a petition from the Pro-
testant Dissenters of Middlewick and other places, praying
that Dissenting Ministers may be permitted to perform
the marriage ceremony according to the forms of the
Established Church.

CHURCH REFORM.
Mr. WILBRAHAM then presented petitions from the
parish of Llangellan and other parishes in Wales, which
stated that the best livings in Wales are in the hands of
non-residents; that the Curates are not sufficiently paid ;
and that the Wel.h language is not known generally by
the Ministers of the Established Church, who officiate in
that part of the country. The petitioners prayed for a
reform in the enactm,nt of tithes, and, generally, for a
reform in the church establis►•ment.

Sir WATKIN W. WYNN said (as we understood)
that as to the incumbents, he did not believe that any of
them were ignorant of the Welch language, notwithstand-
ing the many complaints that had been made of them.
Mr. J. JERVIS was free to admit that there was one
great cause of complaint affecting the Welch church,
and which he regretted to say was equally applicable
to the church throughout this kingdom—namely, ab-
senteeism, and plurality of livings. There was some
complaint, however peculiarly applicable to the Welsh
church, which, he could not but think, must be founded
in justice, and was attributable to the want of knowledge
in the Welsh language in the clergy, which ought un-
doubtedly to be removed.

Sir W. W. WYNN agreed to the necessity of having
clergymen educated in the Welsh language. He could
only say there were most respectable and most learned
men among the Welsh c'ergy.
Mr. WILLBRAVIAM said it was impossible for him.
fro .17 his own personal information, to i•ay whether these
complaints were well-founded or not ; but he saw most
respectable names to this petition, and among them were
the names of several of the clergy themselves, Sir Wat-
kin W. Wynn, and so on,—(Much laughter.)
Mr. JA.MES TYNTE presented petitions fiom three
parishes in Somersetshire, praying for the immediate abo-
lition of slavery.
Colonel TYNTE unseated a petition f:om Brilewater,
to the same effect.

Mr. '1 / httELL pre,ented petitions from two parishes
in the county of Suffolk praying for the immediate aboli•
rinn of slavery' ; and aho two petitions tr..m the same
count%, for the better observince of the Softball.
s'tis io SibileAcS,VpunptryesfntseruitiitY
petition, from various
par I:lkrf;Zi,Png for the kirneidiate
and total abolition of sowery ; oleo four petitions against
the duty on tax-carte, and two for the repeal of the malt-

tax, Irons the cams county, Liketvigi petition from
Lowestoffe, praying for an alteration of the law of debtor
and creditor.
Mr. BEWES presented petitions from Revelstoke, Egg,
Buckland, Pennygoick, U, borough, Ildbeton, Plymst..ck,
and other places in the neighbourhood of Plymouth, pray-
ing for the immPdiate abolition of slavery.
Sir G. STAUNTON presented petitions from Fording-
bridge and Walton, praying for the immediate Abolition
of Slavery.
Mr. H. HANDLEY presented a petition from Hol.
ditch, praying for the repeal of the malt and assessed taxes.
Sir A. WILMOT presented petitions from Rigby, and
three other parishes in Warwickshire, for the abolition of
slavery.
Lord R. GROSVENOR presented a petition from
Newtown in Montgomeryshire, respecting the Welch
Church.
Lord MOLYNEUX presented two petitions for the
better observance of the Sabbath, from two places in the
county of Lancaster ; also a petition from the Protestant
dissenters of Stayley Bridge, complaining of the grievances
under which they at present labour, and praying for an
alteration in the law of parochial registrations. The
Noble Lord also presented a petition from the magistrates,
clergy, merchants, and other inhabitants of Lea, for the
removal of the assizes from Lancaster, to some more con-
venient place.
Mr. JERVIS presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Worcester, complaining of the abuses which prevailed
in the corporation of that city, and urging the necessity of
Parliamentary investigation into the manner in which the
corporate an I charitable property of the corporation had
been disposed of.
Referred to the Committee on Corporations.
Mr. GASKILL presented several petitions from Maud-
ley and Winlock, in the county of Salop, for the better
observance of the Silibath ; and also for the entire and
speedy abolition of colonial slavery.
Mr. HEATHCOTE presented a petition from Upping-
ham, in the county of Rutland, and from the parish of
Clapham, in favour of the abolition of negro slavery; also
a petition from the ow, era and occupiers of land in the
county of Rutland, in favour of the repeal of the tax on
malt ; also a petition from the acme county, praying for
some legislative enactment to insure the better observance
of the Sabbath.
Sir W. MOLESWORTH presented a petition from
Shipdam, for a repeal of the tax on malt ; also several
p•titions from places in the county of Norfolk against the
Beer Bill and for the abolition of colonial slavery.
SirJ. WROTTESLEY supported the prayer of one of
the petitions, and inquired whether it was true that in
parts of the county of Norfolk the agricultural labourers
received no more than 4s. a week to provide for them-
selves and their families?
An HON. MEatrixa, one of the representatives for the
county of Norfilk,
ing 125.. and not less than I Is.
said he believed they were now receiv-

An HON. AIEMBER. referred to a newspiper account, in
which it was stated some labourers had applied to a Magis-
trate, in the county alluded to, because they only had
2s. 6d. per week, and the Magistrate said that regard
must be had for the payers as well as the receivers of
poor rates. He believed that it w.is impossible to ex-
.

aperate the dish,. of the people.
Sir JOHN OWEN and another Hon. Member ex-
pressed their opinion of the necessity of some inquiry into
the distress experienced by the lower classes in various
parts of the country.
ASSESSED TAXES.

Sir GEORGE GREY presented a petition from the
parish of Stoke Damerell, iu the borough of Devonport,
pravinz for a repeal of the assessed Lae., particularly the
house and window taxes.
