FINE ARTS.

We have just seen two more engravings of
Miss Kelly in some of her most popular cha-
racters at her late entertainments. The engrav-
ings are drawn on stone, and, as likenesses,
deserve high praise.

MEMORIALS OF OXP ORD.—No. VII.

This work will be purchased with avidity by
all liege Oxonians. It contains the best and
fullest illustrations (with appropriate literary ex -
planations) of the numerous architectural beau-
ties of Oxford that we have yet met with.

EXCHEQUER CHAMBER.-(THIS DAY.)

The twelve Judges met this morning to hear arguments
of Counsel, on a point reserved on the trial of .-
Waller, who was convicted at the last Bedford Assizes of
maliciously shooting a gamekeeper.

CLERKENWELL SESSIONS-(THIS DAY)

Sarah Powell and Sarah Osborne were charged with
having, on the 21st of April, stolen seven bunches of tur-
nips, value 14d., from a basket in Portman-market. The
prisoners, on being taken by the constable, were intoxi-
cited, and showed him the place where they took them
from. It appeared that the prosecutor had left the basket
from which the turnips were taken in the open market
from Saturday night to Monday morning, when be found
out his loss.—Sentenced to one week's imprisonment.

Immediately after the arrival of the news that
Sir JOHN KEY'S and Sir WILLIAM INGILEY'S motions
for the reduction of taxes had been negatived by the

House of Commons, on the motion of Lord ALTnolir, an

elezant engraving of his Lord.hip, exhibited for sale in a
bookseller's shop, not a hundred miles from Stamford, was
turned upside down, and labelled " Selling for half price."
—Lincolnshire Chronicle.

PAUPERISM.—At a village in the neighbour-
hood of Bath, the overseers are so oppressed by the poor,
and labourers out of employ applying for relief, that it is

with great difficulty they can prOcure- money sufficient to
supply them, which, at present, is done from an enormous
pior-rate on the land, &c. The farmers have gi‘el up a 1
hopes of amendment ; and, at a late vestry, they actually
nominated a labouring min to serve the office of overseer,
to bring the whole concern to an early conclusion.—

Sherborne Journal.
A burglary was committed during last Mon-
day night on the premises of Mr. PALMER, draper, of
13ourton-on-the-Water, by entering his shop and stealing
numerous articles, to the amount, it is calculated, of2ool.
or 8001. Bills of the lost property were immediately
distributed about, offering a reward of 50 guineas on dis-
covery and conviction of the off-nders. It is supposed to
hive been done by some Birmingham persons, as the rob-
bery was well planned and thoroughly executed. Pursuit
was immediately made in every direction. but we h we not
heard of their being overtaken or traced.-- Oxford Journal.

It is rumoured that, in the event Of a vacancy,
EDWARD PROTH ROE, jun. E.g., of Bristol and formerly
M. P. for that city, will be invited as a candidate f,r the
borough. Mr.PitarnEitoes politics are very liberal; his
is a strenuous advocate for a thorough reform in the
church, and for the abolition of colonial slavery.—Hafi-
fax Express.
COTTON 'TRADE OF STOCKPORT.—From
documents which have been furnished to the Factory Com-
missioners, it appears that 36 master spinners and manu-
facturers in Stockport employ in their milk 11,414
workpeople, whose wages amwunt to 6 6891. Bs. 10d.
weekly. Of these 320 are betwixt 9 and 10 years of
age; 384 betwixt 10 and 11 ; 710 betwixt 11 and 12 ;
2.923 betwixt 12 and 18; 7,101 upwards of IS.—
Halifax Express.
HALIFAX MARKET.—This market, last Sa-
turday, was rather brisker for all kinds of stuff goods. and
fine lastings were a shade higher in price.—Halifax Ex-
press.
LONDON UNIVERSITY.—The Council have
yielded to the feeling pretty generally manifested by the
Proprietors at the late meeting, and the future manage-
ment of the University is to be intrusted to the Professors,
who take upon themselves the whole current expenses.
Coincident with this beneficial change is time breaking
ground for the hospital which is to be attached to the
University ; the workmen began digging on Saturday.
The Professors have already established a conversazione,
to be held monthly, at which a lecture is to be read similar
to those at the Royal Institution.—tithenceurn.
On Saturday the Rocket coach, No. 9443,
belonging to Messrs. ERETII EATON and Company, con-
veying seventeen persons from Liverpool to London, was
upset near Mildlewich and Sandwich, in Cheshire, whilst
passing over the canal bridge, No. 161 ; when, out of thy
company, Mr. CROSSTIE, of London, Mr. PHILLIPS, of
Birmingham, and a young medical student, were dread-
fully injured—the first having his left thigh broken, the
second his hip dislocated, and the third having his ribs
disjointed. Two of these geutlemen, it is supposed, are
in a very frightful way, having been left under medical
attendance. Mr. ROWAN, of the county of Kerry, Mr.
WATSON, of Limerick, and Mr. VINCENT FIGG INS, of
London, were considerably bruised, particularly the latter,
who remains at Birmingham. The accident occurred by
•he carelessness of the driver, who, on taking his vat at
Liverpool, was observed to be in a state of intoxication.
EXTENSIVE ROBBERY OF PLATE AND
JEWELLERY.--Oa Friday, a man of very decent appear-
ance went into the shop of Mr. ATTENBOROUG 11, a pawn-
broker, in Crown-street, Finsbury, and offered six table-
spoons for sale, for 21. Mr. ATTE NIMROD/5 Hp concluding
that the spoons had been stolen, privately sent for an officer,
and kept the man in conversation. EAGLES, an officer of
Worship-street, soon came to the house, and took the mat:
into custody, and on searching him, there was found is
his pockets jewellery of considerable value. He said his
name was SAMUEL Arrwoon; that he resided at the house
of Mrs. Fosteß, Anglesea-street, Waterloo-town, Bethnal-
green, and that the spoons had been given him by Mrs.
Fosma's son, who was about to be married, to dispose
of for him. EAGLES having ascertained that FOSTER
had lived shopman with Mr. BANFIELD, the silversmith,
in Cheapside, and left his employment about three weeks
before, immediately gave Mr. BANFIELD information, who
instantly identified the property as part of bis stock. The
house in which Fosrez lived was then searched, and in
three boxes a large quantity of plate and jewellery was
found, amounting to between 2001. and 300/., the whole
of which Mr. BANFIELD identified as his property. The
initials of FOSTER and his intended wife were engraved on
some of the plate, and it was ascertained that immediately
after his marriage he intended to embark for America.
The officers will, of cour,e, keep a sharp look out for him.
ATTWOOD was brought to Worship-street, and remanded.
and if every one who cultivates a
COBI3ETTS DIRECTIONS FOR SOWING
regularity, the cleanness, and the
Gartner/ SEEDS. take very great pains to give insti uc-
ds, never should we see a parcel of
gt)i
eaoarnduset
ynf o
orcfothindy s
so:
eewe idno.gb,
the regularity,
seeds flung promiscuously over the ground. It is pro-
bable, that three hundred cauldiower seeds will lie in a
thimble ; and if you want three hundred plants, it is
better to sow these three hundred seeds in a proper
manner, than to fling twenty thousand seeds over the same
.pace of ground. You must cut the superfluous seeds UP
with aho or pull them up with your hand ; and, smati
as they are, and insignificant as you may think their roots
co be, they rub and starve one another, thin before in-e ey
awl just rake it in ;but,
;et into rough led. I know very well that it requiresf a
" costs ten times the
treat deal more time to sows bed of a hundred feet long,
great deal mthoarne tithe to
flingto
subsequent operations, and yisu will find, that
drills, and put the
h
ook at toe
,L
,eiiv
stievteidit
innht
hciacbklya e
rfo instance
ground,
traon.c.ned;,
n the end, ois sou my y
, lme and the labour which are required by the rnet:iod of
'owing pointed out in my book.
