HATTON GARDEN.

EXTENSIVE IMPOSITION UPON THE NOBILITY AND
GENTRY. —Yesterd iy Dr. Ryan, M.D., of 61, Hatton-
garden, attended at this office to solicit the advice of Mr.
Roaatts, the Sitting Magistrate. _

It appeared that an individual, calling himself Samuel
Hall, was in the habit of visiting the houses of the No-
bility and Gentry, with certificates, purporting to have
been signed by applicant and Dr. Brodie, as recommen-
dations, describing the fellow to be highly deserving of
their bounty ; and he had succeeded in levying his con-
tributions on most of the Nobility and gentry in the me-
tropolis. He (Dr. Ryan) recollected that a man whose
name was Samuel Hall was some years ago a patient of
his at a Dispensary for the palsy, but be had never autho-
rized him to use his name under any circumstances. For
some time post he had been visited by a great number of
the Nobility and Gentry at his residence, and several cer-
tific rtes were produced to him as having been presented
by the imposter. Amongst those who made the applica-
tions were the Duke of Devonshire, the Marquis of Staf-
ford, the Earl of Falmouth, the Bishop of Salisbury,
Dowager Countess of Warwick, the Rev. B. Noel, Justice
Park, several Bishops, and the Judges ; in fact, his house
was every day visited by Noblemen and the Gentry to in-
stitute inquiry relative to " Samuel Hall," the distressed
mechanic, of whom he (Dr. Ryan) disclaimed all know-
ledge. In addition to this, letters were every day pouring
in upon him to be informed whether the certificates and
signatures were genuine or not.

'Mr. ROGERS said, there were gangs of such miscreants

about the town. He advised Dr. Ryan to col
officers of the itlendicity Soc'ety.
The Doctor thanked his Worship, and q
MAR Y LEB ONE.
A Rev. Gentleman was charged with ha,
assaulted Thomas Wright, a lad about 1'
The defendant is nearly 70 years of age.
vent to Mr. Denison, M.P. for Nottinghai
that about two o'clock in the afternoon, of
the Duke of Newcastle's house, in Portman.
the prisoner, who attracted his attention by
and following him about. He (witness
moment ❑ear the corner of Portmau-niewt
soner having come up to him offered him
behaved indecently. The prisoner then w,
Mews, and acted very indecently. On his
offered the shilling, and conducted himself
wiliess then spoke to a policeman.
This statement was fully confirmed by 1
corn-chandler ; Thomas King, a carman ;
policeman, of the D division. When thi
taken to the station-house, he said—" 01
give anything! Oh, God, I'll give all I
let me go."
The defendant denied that he had spoke!
and as to his stepping down the Mews, an
pelled him.
Mr. Vickers, a surgeon, said he had beet
he was of opinion the defendant did suffer it
mity described.

The defendant was then held to bail
another surety to the same amount, to answer
the Sessions.

A gentleman, named Sanderson, of Print
nover-square, tendered bail, which was screi
EXTENSIVE Romexv.--Yesterday Rich,
John Slannard, two fashionably_attired
were charged with the following extensive rob.
Mr. Joseph West was at present residing at
Paddington-street, Marylebone. On Friday 'nore
he went out for the purpose of spending the day,
the key in his bed-room door, and did not return
night, when he discovered that his apartment had k'
feloniously entered, and property to a considerable ac 1640
purloined, consisting of a silver tea-caddy ladle, 'se
tongues, spoons, all of which ita,l ti e initials y
engraved on them ; the portrait 01 iiitn•telf, for whiebof
paid three guineas ; two prints, a gold pin, and a Wo°,4
of ancient silver coin. He (the prosecutor) itnmedian
hastened to the different pawnbrokers' shops in and
the neighbourhood. On entering the shop of Mr.
burn, in Lisson-grove North, he perceived his ova
trait gazing at him full in the face.

The prisoners were fully committed to Newgate.
THAMES POLICE.
01'
A SLAVE DECLARED FREE.-Captain Ferrytnan,_,
ter of the Golden Spring West Indiaman, appeany
lay claim to a negro, who had made his escape froSsid
West Indies, and who was on the point of being
back by Captain Hearn, of the Eden West India I
when Mr, Evans, surveyor of police, went on buatit
the instance of Mr. J. Phillips and Captain Stewart, Al
gentlemen connected with the Anti-Slavery Society, T;
brought him away.
The negro, a tall, well-made, muscular man, about ibe
said his name was William Williams, and he bad beesoy
property of a Mrs. Jones in Jamaica. She let bins
to hire to persons who did not pay him his wages °Lc
larly, in consequence of which he was not enabled to
up his payments with punctuality to his mistress, 0.1.-
sons frequently flogged him and put him into the stet'y
He was compelled to work in the field with an iron Crila
round his neck, and weights attached to his body. y
punishments inflicted upon him were so torturing Oslo
determined to escape, and as the Golden Spring ty
leaving Kingston harbour, he concealed himself undery
long boat, where he remained five days and nights, Woe
he crawled from his hiding-place, and, as it was too_,.
to put back, the captain was obliged to bring him to D;r
land. The ship arrived on Tuesday fortnight, and
remaining on board a few days he was sent to the 0
in which he was to be taken back.
Mr. BRODERIP informed Williams that he was no 00
free as air, and no one had control over him. He a,
work for whom he liked, and enjoy the fruits of 1)16
hour. Did he wish to go back to Jamaica ?
TThhaenkneeger,
moexapssries;odrtrheiapt;dehliim delight
watish this, and
be f
and erteclf Tot
no wish to go back for floggee, floggee."
Mr. Phillips
ealliphssrd of the case.aiditwasb Hadchanceymereitnot been thealfit-h;
very l
Society
the poor fellow would have been again consigned to
horrors of slavery.
Captain Ferryman claimed the negro as his appreutro
He then produced some indentures ; but the negro sittu,
bad been compelled by a threat to affix his mark to theseeon,.
Mr. linonenir said the indentures were not worth „-A4
farthing. It was a scandalous ruse to get the poor {elder
back again. The negro was a free man, no one had finti
over him, and he was free to go when and where'
pleased.
The negro, who was overpowered with joy, then de I
rty
parted with the Anti-Slavery Society's agents, who P
wised to support him. 00
Mr. Evans and Mr. Phillips subsequently proceeded
board the Eden, and brought away the negro'' clothes um
other property.

The state of the crops in the Highlandss ;
described in the Scotch papers as most protnisingrireo
late rains having done great service everywhere; thel,
general. The grass crops are of a superior grovit"
quality. The wheats are, generally speaking strong
soi
full in ear. Oats and barley promise equally well ;
the potatoe crop is healthy and advanced.
AN IRISH SCENE IN KENT..—An e%,..trffe:
dinary scene occurred at Riverhead, in the parish of 7:ao
oaks, about a week ago, in consequence of its being w-01
known that the churchwardens had caused the go°d°o4l
Mr. Chatfield, of that place, to be distrained for ch;o,
rates, and that they intended selling them by saet
Some time before the appointed hour for the sale, or
siderable number of the parishioners had assembled n
, tes/
the premises, and it appeared evident they did not Ine
g
to let the sale take place peaceably. The broker and "01
tioneer (who had been brought from another parish:4d
the auctioneers of Sevenoaks, we are informed, lit pc
declined the job) did not arrive at the time appointeLpy
the sale to take place. The man who had been previlToti
engaged by the auctioneer to cry the sale was sent r°
the place by some persons present with the followingoit
tice :—" To be sold by auction, by Jobn Smith, thissre
on the premises, the property of a poor man with 1 loed
family of small children, such property having been 6e,
for the support of a corrupt church." This notice
tracted a great concourse of people, but still no auctiv° be
arrived. At a late hour in the afternoon, however/00
was observed making his way to his own home, antlailed
immediately followed by a number of persons, and snflti
with yells and groans, accompanied with shouts of
orof
don't you sell ?" " Scavenger, do the dirty work ;"
.0
the crier," &c. &c. The auctioneer was evidently of
alarmed, and endeavoured to take shelter in the b°°,7tsill
an opulent tradesman ; but, finding it difficult to t"tye
an entrance, he turned round and expostulated wttlt
00
people by whom be was surrounded, and ultimateiniidi
receiving the note from the crier, the contents of leer
he had cried round the liberty, be paid the stipulste
and was then suffered to depart amid volleys of grow
Maidstone Gazette.

BIRTIIS.
ofthe
On the 20th inst., at Loughton rectory, Bucks, the .aal
Rev. J. Athawes, of a daughter.
sj ei
On the 20th inst., at Palmer's-green, Southgate, the
Isaac Walker, Esq., of a son. op
On the 20th inst., the lady of M. Joaquim Garcia de Tu
Charge d'Affaires from New Granada, of a son. a sl'ir
On the 18th inst., at Blairquhan, Ayrshire, Lady ,
of a son.
_.../

MARRIED.
ne•
On the 20th inst., at Trinity Church, Coventry, the -00t-
Gibson, of Allesley, to Mary Ann, only daughter of John
Esq., solicitor.
p Lefe
On the 20th inst., at Kingstanley, Gloucestershire, - •
~01et
sage, Esq., of Middle Lypiatt, to Margaret Ann, eldest (le"'
of D. Maclean,Esq., of Stanley-house.
•••04110:'
On the 19th inst., at St. Mary's, Paddington, E. • I°4 ter„
Esq., barrister-at.law, to Mary Alexwina, youngest datilope'
D. Campbell, Esq. Also, 0. Lloyd, Esq., to Sarah reg°:
Gertrude, only daughter of B. E. Hall, Esq., of paddingtoo-go
l.
On the 18th inst., at St. George's, Church, Bristol,lo.ol
Townsend, Esq., to Anna Maria Acraman, eldest deti!,ol,
the late W. Acraman, Esq., of Great George-street, Bps
On the 22d inst., at St. George's, Hanover-squaretsophi,
Watkins, Esq., of Pennoyre, M.P., for Brecknock, t°
Louisa Henrietta, daughter of Sir G. Pocock, 8art„.„...----'/

i

k NIA]
years
94R Six
Londoi
btlenian's

N than;,
krtera at
'lleiler, 4

aided t
II

I‘IIDI
day wal

IST(

I i consulttte : :
irsl.
arils her
allif Ite
served)
eeC)di
lailas:7;Teienr.tybgoeeh:ll:9:ri tiPit
kt:l:ll6llitl:coaf°l4lv.heden",r'erfaeuer(di
0411 RS
ieorraway:4l:9aemen
agnata:ituSoihni airrdnildol6 first' Igoiri 1 ig"
ihn#4ll
g°lle4l 4‘
ef 61111:1.
. C.
Q4'
el
ten see°l, ,
_t"isetli -1-riir t°,°ebee4ofita'( )1.1. f;thtdhs.mitil lii°til I',
re lit of t
:!!fiii. 1::::::
::
wen
~i 6 ''-`--t..___
I Roht7;s . EAST
1; and PI HE r,
he prisoneff . , L
)b, GOd ' /MLA uNi
ND,
I posses; 1 Y
11 give N
1,111 k. It the c
m to the 4 tigntn
infirsaitY ' Ott, are I
26th i`le'
ekendn
st
.
t
ee2neacpnrnien:d.stelh.edesren.s3ltrotet
ee,
ha lore
tit.l
41::
a 1
1. e
:iitilfrihreo.
e;fli:i
I young '' of 'tl
robbery :"°,i, ; the
) )"' of /
ng at 14" let And
ie day, leeo"
not return ' ten",,l, e,
'lent bad
_.it ii: 'Tan
iderable 07, L' 'ea4
ir, ' k at n
