P.:10.1t PliE, G-di4,4;14E5'.

FIGUIILIAS ASTURIA), Isl.—The Stir.
rir3F Jnota of this Province has just received a dis'
patch from Don Juan Dia Porlier, dated
the 24th, at eight in the morning, in which be
stltes, that he was in Orson of the enemy with
his civalry, and some corripanies of light infantry;
that he had colktled is U‘i, du ieo deserters, ,A.,i01
ti,e bands of the 119.11 and 120th regiments; and this
he could not give a 'circumstantial account of th 4
(Afros which the enemy had abandoned both there
and at Gijon, as well as of the loss which thief
suffered in their

Accounts -front casitopl state, that the enehlY
evacuated the town of Grath; on the tUth, b4Otige
first destroyed the. forstfications„ On the 23d awl(
evacuated Ovicdo. Their departure seems partly
to have been occasioned by the arrival, on die
22(1, of an Officer porn Valladolid wilh letters for,
Bonnet. Ti. French, on taking .leave of their re-
kpel'tive hosts, gave out that they were to march
'for Portugal.

COMUNNA, FES. I.—On the 27th ult. the head.
quarte,s of the Gih army were at Sueros, thr.4
leagues from, Astorga. The advanced troops were
close upon Orbigo aod Astorga, and the rest viers
in motion.

LETTER TO THE SUPERIOR JUNTA OF GALLICIA.
" Figueras, jaw- ari
" Most Excellent Senor,--At halt-past ten on
the morning,of the 23d, the enemy evacuated Ora-
do, and on the toll,wing night Oviedo. Brigadier
Pother entered that city a few hours afterwards.---
He hascolleCted about 200 French, who were either
left behind, or remained there for the•purpose of de-
sertion ; and he has detached his cavalry and a
corps of light infantry to harass the enemy on his
retreat by the road of Rijares.
" At the same time, by the arrangements of Sc.'
nor Lo.ada,..one diviiion, under the command of
Don Pedro Barcena, was marching towards the
bridges of Soto, and another by Pravia, in order
to harass and pursue, in all direct ions, the corps
of Bonner. It only remains to chastise hitu, and
avenge the principality of those outrages and 10905
which it has suffered under the yoke of the enemy-
" The liberation.of one Province of Spain,whic3
had beheld itself reduced to slavery, is a source of
consolation and joy to the other provinces of the
Peninsula. _This Junta, fraternally attached to your
Excellency, both by the nature of its institution,
and its sentiments and principles, hastens to COW"'
naunicate the happy event of the recovery of the
Asturias.—May God, &c.

JOSE VALDES, Vice-President.'
By order of the Superior junta of Asturias.

SALAMANCA, JAN. 21.—Accounts have reached
us of the capture of 'Ciudad Rodrigo. YeAerd,ty,
Alarmont and Dorsenne were expeCted here ; but
as they did not arrive, they are expetl/4.ted to-day.
The French give out that they will coiled 50,000
men and 1.00 pieces of cannon; but even with !he
addition of Bonnet's force, and supposing them to
have nothing to fear from our troops in
I do not believe they will be able to as,emble more
than from 30 to 35,000 troops. If the French piss
the Tort-nes, it will be only for a reconnoissance,
and nothing more, for they are ignorant of tha
actual force of the allied army. From Vittoria we
learn, that no reinforcements are on their mart:lie
The fall of Ciudad Rodrigo opens a wild field tv
our hopes.

[The ExaCie Como, of Corunna, of d of
February, under the head of " Confidential Intelli-
gence," has the following paragraph
On the f.e4th ult. the vanAuaru of part of
Marmont's troops were beaten at Puerto de Banos
by th-e Allies. The loss which the ent-my sustained
was considerable. This defeat has deranged the plan
which they had formed, in consequence of being
too late to relieve Ciudad Rodrigo, and which
that of occupying Placencia and its vicinity, which
a few days betore they had evacuated. Tile enemy,
not considering themselves safe in Salamanca, have
retired' to M-.dina del Campo."

oFFicIAL.
Don Jonquin Ignacio Irisarri, in a letter, dated
Sanguesa, Dec: the 30th, cominaniutes the follow-
ing information:—

Brigadier Ewpoz y Mina is in Upper Arragon,
and on the left bank of the Ebro, wiin three baits-
lions of infantry, and one regiment of cavalry, with'
a view of joining 'he Einpeciiado, if possible,. to
surprise Saragossa, and call off the attention a tho
enemy trom Valencia.

"The measures adopted in Catalonia will give the
enemy a great deal of tr,n.ible, even though Gat-
relli, with his division of 8,000 men, has marched
towards that Principality, thus leaving Navarre and
Arragon entirely free from the enemy, who thus
reduced to a few small garrisops, may easily fall
into our hands."

THE ORATORIO.-The regular season -of this.
grand Entertainment_ commenced last night at Co-
vent-Garden Theatre„ under the diredion of this
ASIILEYS, whose long experience and known talents
fully qualify them for the office. The vocal and
instrumental departments are well supplied. CATA-
LAN', Mrs,. MCE.O3, Airs BLAND, BELLAMY, and
IRAHAM gave a powerthl support to the whole.—
The house was very wt-ii attended.

Lieutenant SIbIIIIONDS, late of the Manly gun-
brig, has been appointed to the command of the
Attack, in consideration of his gallant defence of his
former teasel, against two Danish ships, each of far
superior force.

• We are sorry to say, that Mr. G. PONSONIBY ma
with a severe accident on Thur.sclay evening ; in
crossing a Street, the pole of a carriage siruck his
side io semstely as to frattnre a rib, which we fear
will detain 11:m from his duty in Parliament for some

Yesterday morning, about six o'clock, a disglace-
ful scene took place in.Stnithfleld Market. A wan
sold his wife in a baiter for the trifling sum of flyg.
shillings and half a pint of gin, to one of the Yeo-
men of the Guard to his Majesty. A pra6tice so,
disgraceful" to the country, ought, surely, to be put
stop to.

. Mr. Banells, a fishmonger, of Spalding, has
been missing since the night of Friday se'nnight,
and is supposed to have fallen into the river near
the Wheatsheaf ruhlic house. At the same SpOt,
Mr. Jackson, a carver; and gilder, lost his life more
than three week: since.—Both the unfortunate men
have iett families.

POEThi';

ELEGY,
WRITTEN AT Cl/11014, By THg LITE SIR. ItOBERTS;

Or BRISTOL.

The moomheam glimmers on the hill,
Slow rising o'er it's gloomy breast.;
Anti all the shadowy scene is still,--
All bt,t the suderer, sinks to rest,
'Oh ! let not mirth disturb the.hour
That's sacred to the silent tear
In►t let some wand'ring minstrel pour,
The straw that sorrow loves to hear.
For now tho' thoughtless joy May sleep,
I hear the lonely mourner's tread;
And many a mother wakes to weep,
ler °if!), hope and comfort nett I
For here full'many a child of Love,
In pride of Beauty's bl, oin has died ;
'And here tire spirits of the grove
O'er many a kii.tited toun have ssigh'cL.
trnma, these wild-wood rocks among,
Caught the low summons of the tomb ;
She saw its angel glide along,
And heatti him whisper—" Emma,- come I"
Pere would she roam at close of day,
To view the sun's departing light;
And, as she wateh'd the sinking ray,
Would bless the visionary sight.
Yet her mild eye would often speak,
That o'er her hung the funeral wreath ;
And'every smile that flushed her cheek
Proclained the hidden power of Death I
Where rests thy head, thou loveliest maid !
Long shall the murmuring willow wave;
And tairy harps beneath its shads
Shall tune the dirge that charms the grave I

METEOROLOGICAL JOURNAL',

BY It. BANKS,

1511ILOSOPHICAL INSTRUMENT MAKER, STRAND.

Thermo Meter.

Weather.

• ' •.,'; •-•- • %'z'
, I •1.•1 I -: I • 1 I
E. 2 . 1 --- .-
--1 ▪ -
c.., .'e c < .4 .-f. z-. :-.-"? ..---4
''‘• i c''' o. .7-1 --; 2as 1 cr. 1 4
I
. ' i
Ec,o .c. 1
jo _
___
39 4t. 1 41. 141 29.65 .o 7 Rain
, Clciy.
t 4 . 43. 41. '4O .94 (.. Idy. Hair
it 41 40• 41, 34 .b 6 Fair 1)0.
zz 37 ; 42. 47. 41 1 -80 i I Do i Do.
a 47 149 50. 40 1 .56 i . .01 f Rain P. I :.in
4- 431 42. .49 1 361 .5). Fair hot
i 144 i 41. 47. 30 :3)1, .341 Rain*
i 1 1 .
I I i i I .7-42 1 ' I

,~

Storm,

ly day.

IIIC;H TREASON.

51'rCIAL COMMISSION, HORSEMONG ER.LANE,

FIFTH AND LAST DAY.
The Court met at the 'he us al hour, pnrsuant to
2(lloutiiment, and thy tarsi Prisoner put to the Bar
'Wag Samuel 41‘Fa.rlane.
4 The evidence was nearly similar to that on the
LE BLANC siimmed up the evidence
t° the Jury, who, atver re firing for ten minutes
,°und a veidict of Guilty, but recommended him
") Mercy on the rounds of his not being seen in
arms.

•
Josiah Teaster, alias Tester, was next put to the
'l'l2r; *44 int J .ry having been sworn, and India-
ttlen! read, charging hi with similar overt aas to
those contained in the indictment against the last
Prig. ti: r ;
'ear
The ATTORNEY GENERAL addressed the Jury
ly as follows
" Gentlemen of the Jury,—The obje& of po-
ernment in the histitution of these prosecutions
was, to convey to the rublic, and to those persons
ewho are the objects of them, a conviction, that those
ngaged in the service of their country, either in the
1141 Y or navy, cannot be guilty of crimes like those
e Prisoners have been guilty of, without being 111-Niely brOught to punishment. The prisoners
in'the Calendar were seleaed from many
those who seleeled them had not the
jOer or opportunity of inquiring so fully into
their cases as I have since done ;—I have spared
° Pains, no trouble, nor attention, in investi-
gAi `lg the Isas alleged against the prisoners,
ilttld the evidence Which would be proddced in sup-
* ri Of those, facts ; the result of that investigation
4,8 a conviction, that the ecds of justice made it an
i)erious, though a painful duty on me, to prose-
13te them—that painful duty I have perfortned—
, e ends of . justice are answered.—[flere the
barned Counsel was so mach affeaed, that his
tice bei aree. inaudible, and his agitation increased
,fslich a degree, that but for the support of Mr.
-rt'is, who sat near hies, he would have fallen.],—
klen a little recovered, lie resumed—" Gentle-
veen, I entreat your pardon, but I have not been
the} well in health. was about to state to you,
lthat I consider the ends of justice as answered, and
iiirefere I here drop the prosecution against
tae remainder of the prisoners. Ire looking into the
tile 3 of the prisoners untried, I perceive (though
kenl.e is proot to convict there are circumstances to
IN late; and after what ties taken place here,' I
4114 there will be found none, or if only the
Itll-81 degraded and degenerate, who will -tall in
f4l,'lle into the error in which. the prisoners have
een.o
it:ilr. BROUGHAM observed, after the statement of
I.Learited Friend, which did equal honour to his
411t'g', and to the humanity of the Government
'ler Which he acted, little rermina for him to say.
1,4 e eouid not, however, allow toe opportunity to
without declaring how grateful to the feelings of
mdr ind it had been, that in his feeble attempts to
tit)R'nd the unfortunate men who had entrusted their
him; he had been opposed to a Prosecutor so
11:11Jane as his Learned Friend, which, by h;s conduct,
'itnad proved himself to be. One assertion of the
vtt?.rneY-Gern,ral's, however, he could not give
the to, and that was, that his indispUsition W3S
lilt etl tre of ill-health. He was convinced it was
''s"se 4)f a h art sinking and over-
(cello, g t . ,
11.`c% red in its struggle to dischatt;e. a painful though
t,.'.eessary duty. Be trusted, however, the mercy
tided to these untortureite rreA), would not be
ti.isPlaced and ihat they would not repay s,•ith in-
rnitude that country which had a.,:aitt, with so
,t mercy and forgiveness, opei.ed r arms to
eeive
•
•
PZI-1:e oilier three prisoners,
ZP tt) L whey, and James Fill's, tLst to
bar, t.h ?easier.

Fr a Weis a

The ATTORNEY GENERAL Observed, it was fit Le
'should state to the prisonetS, the grounds on which
he forbore to prosecute them—it was not that he
should find dny difficulty in establiShing their girilt,
or that they were not guilty, as they, in theit own
minds, very well htiew.; but ii was that the Crow n
had extended its mercy townds them ; and lie
hoped, that mercy being so extended to them,.
would operate so as to have an effett on their fu-
ture lives.
The prisoners, there being no evidence produced
against them, were then declared Not
The prisoners already convicted, Cnn-

die alias Connel, Cornelius Parker, John Tweedale,
alias Twedle, John Quigley alias Colgley, John
Smith, George Armstrong, riO.cl Samuel M`Farlane,
were then placed at the ban, .and having b: en seve-
rally asked what they had to say for themselves why
sentence of death should not be passed upon I hem,
they all threw themselves on the mercy of the Court;
and Cluigley, after lAmenting the fault•he had been
guilty of, declared his readiness, if mercy were,ex-
tended to him, to serve his country to the last drop
of his blood.
The CHIEF BARON then proceeded to pass sen-
tence in the following terms:—
" Prisoners, the scene which is passing here at
this moment, is one of the least expected Great
Britain ever saw ; for some years past not a Session
of Parliament has gone over without the Thanks
of the Public having been conferred on the gallant
Officers and Seamen composing our Navy, for the
performance of some noble achievement for the be-
nefit of their country; and scarcely a week passed
by that we do not read accounts in the NewSpapers
of brilliant' ads of courage displayed against the
enemy by' those employed in the sea service;
and, it is indeed an unexpeded sight to see Bii-
tish Seamen deserting their King, and arranging
themselves under the banners of the enemy.—
You, however, have each ot you been found gully
under a prosecution conducted against you, not only
with huolanitv, but with a uegree Ot delicacy which
must have been evident to every one present dur-
ing the course ot these proceedings, the law in its
humanity, directs you should have assistance, and
you have had the most able. The offence of which
you have been found cuilty is the highest, except
the effecting the very death-of the King, that our
law .reeognize!. The murder of a single person is a
most heinous offence ; but how much more aggra-
vated an one is it to aid and assist the enemy in their
efforts to destroy a whole people. You have by
your conduct tempted ibe enemy to use, w,th ag-
gravated severity, any of your countrymen w5O way
be so unfortunate as to fah Into their power by chew-
ing them that there are even English seamen ,o base
as to be induced, by the hardship of imprisiinment, to
quit the service of their country, and enter into that
of an enemy. It now only remains for me- to pass
upon you the sentence of the law, a duty painful
deed, and one which, after having passed so great
a portion of my professional life without raving been
called to exercise, T had hoped it shonlit also have
passed through it without the necessity arising which
should call for the pertortmince of it. That sentence,
however, is—" That you be taken to the place trim
whence you came, and from thence (severally)
drawn on a hurdle to the place of execution, there
to be hanged by the neck, not till you.are dead, but
to be cot down, and whilst yet. alive your bowels
taken out, your heads cut off, your bodies cut into
quarters, and those quarters to be at the disposal of
the King—and the Lord have mercy on your
souls ! ! !"

The prisoners were then taken from the bar, and
.he business of the Commission having concluded,
,he Court adjourned.

POLICE.

MAsstoN-HousE.—Yesterday Thomas Clarke, a
young man of respectable appearance and connec-
tions, was brought up for final examination, under
a charge of being found with a large parcel of stolen
goods, consisting of ten whole pieces of calico, and
other articles of haberdashery goods, about a week
ago, at Queen-street, in the city of London. . The
goods were sto!en from a waggoner, while he was
in the act of conveying them from the Towns-
end Wharf, on the banks of the Thames, to the
City-road.

The Police Officers, after interrogating the pri-
soner on the suspicious appearance of the large par-
cel, took him into custody, and since .then found
out the owners of the articles, who this day at-
tended before the Lord Mayor, and identified the
goods.

There was no defence offered by the prisoner,
but an interesting, genteel, and highly-dressed
young lady, sister of the prisoner, who, with his
wife and infant child, attended the Court, addressed
his Lordship gravely and feelingly on her brother's
behalf, to prevent his lull committal; but after a
patient and attentive hearing of what she bad to
oiler, he expressed his regret that he could not re-
lieve her, consoling her ,on the ground that the
charge was ,not of a capital nature.—The prisoner
was fully committed.

Yesterday the Recorder made a report of the fol-
lowing convicts under sentence of dvaill in New-
gate, viz.—John Clayton, Willidm Jenkins, John.
Butler, and John Catherwood, for burglary, and
Robert Leech, for housebreaking ; when Jenkins
and Clayton were Ordered for execution on Wed-
nesday next.

On Thursdav morning a clog, belonging to Mr.
Satclie;,ot Ebury-street, Chelsea, bit his two daugh-
ters, a son, and the servant girl ; aftewards 'ran
after a large Newtoundland-dog that was in the gar-
den, but it escaped .being bit. The dog then got in-
to the estreet, and bit a soldier and a dog. There
being no doubt but the dog was mad, it was shot,
and Dr. Munro was sent for. On his arrival he
confirmed the opinion. Yesterday the lad, who
was bit in his right hand and both his thighs, was
confined, in consequence of considerable inflam-
mation. We have heard that another dog went mad
on the same day, at the Duke of Kent's, at Castle-
bear-hill.

Early in the morning of Wednesday .se'nnight,
one of the rooms on the second story in the Cus-
tom-house, at St. Ives, was ,discovered to be in
flames, ; which, in a short time, consumed the
wholv bui:ding, except the ells, The accident
occ,,:,ioned by a oircumtance but too common,
iii q of rAing out the coals at night from the grate

IJIPERLIL P,IRLL-1,11EN2.

HOUSE OF

FRIDAY, FEB. 14.

ROXBURGH CAUSE.

•
The LORD CHANCELLOR being detained on im-
portant business at Carlton HOuse, did not come
down to the Houie until nearly five o'clock.
Prayers being read by the Bishop al CHESTER,
the consideration of the Feu Branch of the above
important cause was resumed. •

Mr. Leach,'as Counsel for the Appellant, Mr,
Bellenden I,:err, W3i heard in Continuation, and to
the end of his reply, which lasted until near seven
o'clock.

The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that with re-
ference to the great importance of the case, and ;the
very long and able arguments which were urged at
their Lordships' Bar, it would be proper to allow,
some interval for the consideration of their -Lord-
ships' judgment. He did not now feel himself pre
pared to. name any. particular day for the final cob-
si,Jeraiton of the case in question ; but when he
should, he proposed to t:ke the liberty to submit a
motion for that purpose.
The Naval Stores Embezzlement .Bill was read a
second time, and committed for Monday.
The Iniolvent Debtors' AMendMent Bill lies over
for a second reading.
The Private Bills were respeetively' forwarded,
and the House adjourned till Monday.

ROUSE OF COMMONS,

FRIDAY, FEB. 14.

Mr. MANNING brought in a ,Bill for extending the
London Dock Yard, which was read a first time,
and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.
A Person from the Admiralty presented an Ac-
count of the Money belonging to. Suitors in the
High Court of Admiralty, and in the Cnurts of
131 izes.

The House proceeded to the further considera-
tion of the Report on the Lords' Amendment A&,
which was agr&l to, and the Bill ordered to be
read a third time on Monday next.
The Reports on the East India Loan Bill, and the
Co3i Trade Bill, ~sere brought up and Teed to,
and the Bills ordered to be read a third time on Mon-
day next.

Mr. HALFORD brought in a Bill for the ereEtion
of P.-!,.itentiary Houses in London and Middlesex ;
read a first time, and ordered to be printed and read
a second time this day three weeks.
