LITERARY FUND SOCIETY.

The anniversary festival of the Literary Fund was celebrated on Sa-
turday evening at the Freemasons' Tavern. The Marquis of Lan.-
dawne, who, since the retirement of the Duke of Somerset, has taken
upon himself the office of president of the institution, was announced as
chairman of the evening, and the attendance for that reason was unusually
numerous. Upwards of two hundred and fifty gentlemen sat down to
dinner, including, besides a long array of the ardent and tried friends of
literature, many distinguished members of the nobility, both of rank
and intellect. On the right of the Noble Chairman sat the Marquis of
Northampton, Mr. Thomas Moore, and Mr. E. L. Bulwer, M.P. ; and
on his left the' Belgian Ambassador, M. Van de Weyer, Lord Shed_
burne, and Mr. Serj-int Talfourd. There were also present the lion.
Grantley Berkeley, M.P., Mr. Wyse, M.P.. the American Ambassador,
Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Rush, the Rev. 11. Milman, the Sheriffs of London,
. the Rev. Dr. Lardner, Sir John Swinburne, Bart , Colonel Torrens, Mr.
Charles Kean, Mr. Charles Dickens, Mr. George Cruikshank, Mr. B.
B. Cabbed ; the Peruvian Minister, Don. V. Pazos, &c.
On the removal of the cloth,
The CHAIRMAN proposed "The health of the Queen," and took that
occasion of announcing that her Majesty had been graciously pleased to
continue to the instiution the protection afforded by her predecessors,
and had sent a donation of 100 guineas.
The announcement was received with loud applause.
In proposing the health of the " Queen Dowager, and the rest of
the Royal Family," the Chairman announced a donation of 001. front
her Majette.
The health of " the Army and Navy" having been drunk, and ac.
knowledged on the part of the army by Mr. Grantley Berkeley,
The Ceernstex rose to propose " Prosperity to the Literary Fund
Society," and in so doing adverted to the great pride and pleasure he
felt in presiding over an institution so admirable and so necessary. No
man could be more sensible that, he was of the vast influence exercised
by literature upon the fortunes of society, and of the impetus it gave
to civilization all over the world; and no one could more regret. that
literature proved often so precarious a source of subsistence to its devo-
tees. To prove a staff and succour to them when overtaken by call.
mity, was the object of the Literary Fund Society, and instances were
not rare in which, owing to the kind and timely relief it afforded, de-
serving men of letters were rescued from the depths of distress, and so
helped on in the world as to become afterwards regular contributors to
Its funds.
The toast was drunk with three times three and loud applarlse.
Mr. TOOK E, the Treasurer, rose as soon as the applause had subsided
to read the first report of the subscriptions which hail been received.
Among them were her Majesty the Queen, 100 guineas ; the Queen
Dowager, 00/. ; the Marquis of Lansdowne, 1001. ; the Duke of So.
merset (in addition to a long list of previous donations), 101.; Lord
Francis Egerton, 31. P., 10 go. ; the Turkish Ambassador, 5 gs. ; the
Brazilian Minister, 5 gs. ; Mr. J. W. Commcrell, 10 gs. ; Mr. G. Wood_
fall, 3 gs.; Rev. S. Wix, 10 gs. ; Mr. M. Foster, 10 gs. ; Mr. Luke
Hansard, 10 gs. ; Mr. Horace Twiss, S gs. ; the Bishop of Durham,
10 gs. ; Mr. Bolton Corney, 10 gs. ; Mr. R. Bed, 10 gs.; Mr. F. Sal-
mon, 10 gs. ; Miss Bruce, 10 gs.; 31r. B. B. Cabbell (his second dona-
tion), 10 gs. ; Mr. J. H. Lister, 10 gs. ; Mr. S. Maclean, 5 gs. ; Mr. G.
Sirreff, 3 gs.; Mr. Guest, M.P., 10 gs.; Rev. J. Landon, 5 go. ; the
Dean of Exeter, 10 gs.; Miss L. E. Landon, 5 gs. ; .Mr. Charles Kcan,
5 gs.; Mr. C. Dickens (2ddonation), 10 gs.; Mr. G. Cruikshank, 3gs ;
Mr. R. Bentley, 10 gs. ; -Mr. S. Bentley, 10 gs.; Mr. T. Price, 10 gs ;
Mr. C. Whiting, 10 gs.; Neeld, M.P., 201. ; Nouri Effendi, Si. ;
Mr. Hastie, M.P., 5 gs.; Mr. T. Tegg, 20/ ; Mr. Emerson Tennant,
M.P., .5 gs.; Sir J. Swinburne, Bart. (fifteenth donation), 151 ; Sir G.
Carroll, 10 gs.; Sir Moses 3lontetiore, 10s. ; Mr. Rothschild, 211 ; the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, 10 gs.; Mr. C. Longman, 101.; Mr, H.
Colburn, 10 gs. ; Mr. Fe L Bulwer, 10 gs. ; Mr. Sergeant Talfourd,
10 gs. ; the Rev. H. 31ilman, S gs., &c. &e.
The Marquis of NORTH AmrroN, in proposing the health of their Setae
Chairman, congratulated the Society that his pr6siaency was not merely
for the evening, but was likely to last for many years, to their advan-
tage. The toast was shrunk with loud and reiterated cheess.
The Noble CHAIRMAN returned thanks, and said no situation which
he could fill could afford !Urn more sincere satisfaction than to preside
over such an institution and at such a meeting.
The following toasts were drunk in succession :--" The Duke of
Somerset, late President of the Society ;" " The Belgian, Per and
American Ministers;" " The Marquis of Northampton, and the Noble
Patrons of Literal tire ;" " The Vice-Presidents." These toasts having
all been duly acknowledged,
'Fhe CHAIRMAN said, that as ardent devotees of literature they should
not forget that they were favoured that night by the presence of several
of the high-priests of her temple, whose healths he should have the
honour of proposing to them. As Parnassus, however, always claimed
and was allowed the preference, he should first propose " The health of
Mr. Thomas Moore."
The toast was received with three times three, and one cheer more,
the whole company rising.
Mr. T. Moose then rose and said—lt is with no little shame I call to
mind how many years have elapsed since I last took part in this anneal
festival—this celebration of an institution which well deserves all that
has been so eloquently said this evening, both as to the objects which it
professes to assert, anti the manner and spirit, as far as I have the means
of judging, its which those objects arc accomplished. There has come,
however, a great change over the ;cork: of literature within the memory
of most of those I have now the honour of addressing—a change
if it have not already trade itself felt in the increased or reduced rum.
ber of applicants to this fund, fur it appears to me capable of either
effect, cannot fail, I think, to produce one or other of these COIISC.
mutinies. To describe these changes its a few words, literature is be-
coming every day more and mare a profession or trade. Instead of being, ,
as in former times, a bright but I rofitless speculation, in which none but
the very rich or the self-devoted would dare to embark—instead of mar_
rage testis the muse being a sart of improvident love-match, in which •
beauty and ruin stare the lover its the face, she (the lady of Parnassus)
has now become what tlse French call a bon port!' ; and instead of
drafts at a fearfully long date upon posterity, for that airy and pos_
thumous wealth called fame, she now brines as her slower the
less roinantic, but fir more discountable, acceptances, of a Long- •
mane a Murray, or a llcistley. It is hardly necessary to say that this
great change in the world of letters, this en anion of a mart, as it may in
every sense U^ called, for the precluctions of mind, and the consequent
increase of the producing power, is all owing to the Increased dinsion
among thecommunity of those two magical arts, re-piing and writing.
I say "magical," for they are little less, and it is assuiedly by no seri-
dental coincidence that the same word to shoed" has been applied both
to the u st reading and writing, and the of the en-
ehao: er. To feel all its wonder, indeed, we must transt'orf onnielvca
to these times when the secret was in the possession of but a any, and
when, as Drydemsays,
" What knowledge then there was in them (lid diva,
And those were gods who could but read or spell."

Now all are gods, in this respect;--the only fear being that the few
who are 'still content to remain me re readers may in their turn
become writers, and then in a hat manner the due balance tween
de-
mand and supply is to be maintained, I must leave to my able and worthy
frktul Mr. M'Culloch here to determine. Fart I feel that I have
wandered in some degree from the object I had at first proposed
to myself, which was to consider how fur this important change
which has been going* on in the world of letters may have worked
a correspondent change in your pietiseworthy institution, bah
as regards the demand on your bi nevolent aid, and the cha-
racter of the eases in which that aid may be afrorded or
denied. But on this inquiry I will not now enter, es it is
one on which your own experience and practice must have arrived at
results far more satisfactory than any mere speculation of mine could
furnish. I will merely remark that though under t his new inspiration of the
market that which us, d to be a call has now become a calling—though,
as one of the consequences of this change, the old and venerable office of
Patron has become extinct, and instead of that single protecting perso-
nage—sometimes useful and beneficent, but too often serving only as a
sort of drf nurse to weak and ricketty bards—the man of genius may now
safely count upon a whole nation of patrons, and may draw the milk of
worldly sustenance from that multimammia nurse, the public—though
this and other great changes may seem to have made, and really have
made the pursuit of literature a far less rash speculation than formerly,
there will sti'l remain but too many instances, and these unluckily in
the most useful and laborious walks of intellect, where encourage-
mcnt falls far short of desert, and he who is labouring to instruct
and improve mankind may find himself distanced in the
race of fortune by those who have studied anly to amuse
them. Again, though literature has become, as I have said more
han once, a trade, it is but too true, as we have seen in a late illustrious
and mournful instance, that men of genius make but bad tradesmen ; that
even when possessed with the spirit of trade, they may fail to grasp the
substance; and, instead of the real Juno herself, may clasp only a cloud
—ln this instance, a dark and sad one. But without concluding too
much from such high and rale instances, there will still, unfortunately,
be found bankrupts enough in the lower regions of Helicon to call for
the exertions of your benevolence, even in this golden age of literature.
I know but too well, from my own humble experience, how little those
occasional showers of fairy wealth which the talisman of the pen draws
down may avail towards enriching the originally poor man, who, begin-
ning the world with nothing, or with the still more poetical fraction
of less than nothing, seldom recovers that first start which expenditure
has got of income, but, continuing behind-hand, through life is
compelled to mortgage, as it were, his genius, to anticipate the
precarious product of the yet unwritten page, or as it has
been well and painfully expressed, to " forestall the blighted
harvest of the brain." Imagine not, however, gentlemen, that in
thus alluding, and perhaps with somewhat too obtrusive egotism, to my-
aelf, I mean to complain of my own lot. On the contrary, I feel that
I hare succeeded and been rewarded far, far beyond my utmost merits
and hopes. Within these two or three years, by an act of favour
with which all around me are acquainted, I have been, for the first
time in my life, put in possession of an income which Iris not the imme-
diate product of my own labour; and it is a novelty, at least, not discre-
ditable, I trust, to the literary character, that you sec now before you._
I will not say a poet, remembering those lines,

" Poet and saint: to thee alone arc given
The two most sacred names of earth and heaven,"
and feeling that I have almost as little claim to the first of these great
titles as I have, God knows, to the other--you see before you a
litteratcur, pensioned by the Crown, without any solicitation or. his
own part, and, what is of far more importance, without the surrender or
compromise of any one of those public principles or feelings of which
through life be: has always been the humble, but honest, advocate. In
drinking your healths, gentlemen, in a full bumper, I beg leave to re-
mind you, as a sort of illustration of the natural connection there seems
to exist between literature and conviviality, that the first invented
printing typcS—those of Costar, if I recollect right—was afterwards cast
into drinking cups, to commemorate the grand discovery.
The CHAIRMAN. next proposed `• Mr. E. L. Butwer and the Authors
of England."—Drunk with loud cheers.
Mr. BULWER returned thanks for the great honour conferred upon
him in connecting his name with the authors of England—an honour
which he considered had fallen upon him inure from chance than from
any merit on his part. He, however, thanked them most sincerely.
The next toast was " Mr, Sergeant Tanta(' and the dramatic art.
therm of England."

Mr. Sergeant T%LFOURn returned thanks in an eloquent speech, ex-
pres,i ve of his " great love" for the drama, and the importance to every
station that the drama should be placed upon a footing of the highest
honour, as productive, if well directed, of the most civilizing effects upon
society.—(Loud cheers.)

Tha lion. G. BERKE:LET, M.P., then rose, and after a few preli-
minary and extremely felicitous observations, proposed " The health of
Mr. Charles Kean," which was received with loud cheers.
Mr. KEAN, in returning thanks, expressed himself deeply grateful
for the very flattering manner in which his health had been re-
ceived. To the accident of his connection with the drama he was aware
that he was indebted for the honour conferred upon him that evening ;
and the obligation he should study to repay by endeavouring to promote
an much of the interests of the drama as could be promoted by his exer-
tions.—(lrear, hear.) In his attempt he could hardly hope always to
experience so touch kindness as had been extended to him that evening;
but he sought no more than that his exertions should be always esti-
mated in the spirit of fair and impartial criticism.—(Cheers.)
Several other toasts were afterwards given, and the meeting broke
up, well satisfied to learn that the total amount of subscriptions re_
ccived during the evening was 8121.

THE GREAT WESTERN.—We need not say with
whit sincere satisfaction the return of their own ship to pert was hailed.
by liristwians. The news was received in the Commercial-room with
every demonstration of joy, and the various church.bel/s being rung, it
was soon communicated to all ports of the city. She is a vessel of which
the city may well be proud, independent of floe celebrity which she has
acquired as being the first steamer that has reached America direct from
a Briti,h port, aad which will cause her name to be handed down to
posterity, and the public spirit of her proprietors to be held up to future
generatiens as worthy of imitation. The Sverage of coals consumed on
the paisi lie out, per day, was 33 tuns,-home 27 tens,—:Manchester
Otiortion,

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 28, 1838.

Sir GEORGE GREY is to move resoluti.ms to-night in the
douse of Commons, to declare that it is not advisable to adopt
any proceedings to give effect to Sir F,lair.Er WILMOT'S re-
solution. The Ministers take this course, we understand, with
a view of preventing Sir EARDLEY, who has declined bringing
forward any measure fur the present, from proposing any such
measure at a future time. We cannot comprehend why the
Whig Ministers, who belong to a party which has for upwards
of 50 years contemplated, and forwarded, the abolition of
slavery (for so long ago is it since Mr. BURKE stated that the
'gradu..l abolition of slavery in the riolonies should go hand in
hand with measures to abolish the slave trade), should thus
eagerly thrust themselves forward to overbear and change a
recorded decision of the House of Commons, favourable to the
great principle which is to a considerable extent the founda-
tion of their power. What they did to put down the slave
trale when in office in 1806, and what they did front that
time to 1830 to ameliorate the condition of the slaves, was one
source of the confidence placed in them by the humane and
religious people of England, which carried them trium-
phantly into office. Their conduct prior to 1833, on the
slavery question, greatly enhanced their reputation as
Statesmen, and has much contributed to preserve their
power to this day. We readily admit that now, consti-
tuting the executive, they are bocs.d rather to preserve and
enforce the laws than propose changes in them, unless such
as are imperatively forced on them; but their duty stops at
that point, and they are under no obligation to use the in-
fluence of the Government to overrule a decision of the
House of Commons, or check the manifestation of public
opinion. Their proposed course seems to us, therefore, as
much beyond the line of their duty as it is hostile to
the principles of the Whigs, and affronting to their friends
and supporters. They do their duty as a Government ;
they fulfil all their functions when they execute the
laws; and it is a mere remnant of the boroughmongning
scheme of policy to insist, as they appear to do, on dictating'
to the House of Commons and the people, like Mr. PITT, er
the Duke of WELLINGTON, or Lord CASTLEREAGH, instead of
retaining office by deserving the public confidence. Not to
rest contented wi-.h the decision of the 92d, reserving to them-
selves the right of opposing any measures which may here.
after be founded on it, is, in fact, to aim at a species of usur-
pation over both the House of Commons and the public, which
does not become those who depen 1 on the people for their
political existence. The trap into which the Ministers are
blindly running is, we believe, seen by all eyes but their own
—the taunts of the Tory Post and the Tory Times being in.
