BOW-STREET.-(THIS- DAY.)

Frederick Rote, a compositor, was charged by 76 F Division, with
being drunk yesterday, in the afternoon, in Exeter street, Strand, and
with throwing a boy into the carriage way pavement as he was turning
round the corner of the street. On being taken into custody he
showed some resistance, but was ultimately flattered on to the station.
Constable 6S corroborated the statement of the complainant.
George Maccorbell deposed that he was in company with the prisoner
at the time in question, and he did not appear to him to be the worse fur
liquor. The circumstance of the boy falling was an accident, and could
not have been done designedly, as the prisoner did not see him turn the
corner holding a pair of skaites in his hand.

Sir F. ROE ordered him to pay a fine of ss. for being drunk, and a
further tine of 10s. for resisting the constable in the execution of his duty.

POOR-LAW AMENDMENT BILL.

A meeting took place this day at the Freemasons' Tavern, Great
Queen-street, Earl Stanhope in the chair, for the purpose of petitioning
Parliament and addressing the Queen for the repeal of the Poor-law
Amendment Act.
The advertisements calling the meeting had announced that the
chair should be taken at eleven o'clock, but at that hour there were
only thirty persons present, and at half-past twelve, when there had
assembled between 900 and 300 persons, the impatience of the meeting
was manifested by loud stamping of fleet and cries of " Chair l"
Lord Stanhope about that time entered the room, and was
greeted with much cheering. He was accompanied by ),tr.
Fielden, Mr. Walter, Mr, Oastler, Dr. Wade, Mr. Murphy, Mr.
Sault. Mr. Rogers, and several other gentlemen who haw taken a pro-
minent part in opposing the New Poor.law. Ina thy minutes after
his Lordship took the chair, the room liesceoec pretty well 'filled. There
were several respectable females press„ t.
The CHAIRMAN mid, when he had the honour, about a year ego, of
addressing .a
numerous assemblage of his felluw.citleelat on the subject
of the now Poor-law, he had then stated at leugtis the opinions he en.
tertained upon that most important and interesting subject—and he
had proved by arguments which ws man had yet uttempted to,
confute—by facts mbiCh no nan would be able to deny, that the New
Poor Law would to its ultimate operation be injuriesta eveo, to the
rata pa)eee, anti was at present most oppresolve aw unjust towards
those whose necessities compelled them to iktady for relief.—(Heat;)
On the present occasion it would lea an isoult to their understandings. IQ.
descant at length upon these (00(4, awl It would be unneeeesary to do
so, in addressing UMW 00 were assembled in that reensa—they had
heads as Well tse hearts, and they knew their dtttied, as well as their
rights. He should therefore, at least at that etas e Q.( their proceedings,
confine himself to the objects for which the tkaAt esstrubled ; namely, the
formation of a Metropolitan AsSeelatiKts for the repeal of the Poor Law
Bill, At the preliminary rrtectkitil they were aware that it had been decided
to ask for the Iteveitl and not the Amendment ofthe Poor.law Bill, If tiaq
were asked why they had nut appled for the latter, his (Eel stal.lllopO's)
reply would be, that they might as well attempt to &Mend the Law as to
wash a blackamore white.—(Hear.) The evils esi the Bill did not con-
sist alone in the cases of cruelty, intuatlec, aud oppression which had al-
ready been laid before thv liksbk, Such examples when the;
were the natural Aild Witeeisery consequences of a system, ought to
be abelished. When a tree was found to product : ands fruits,
aceohling to the language' of the holy Scripturtg, it ought to be
hewn down and thrown into the fire.—(Cheers) In opposing the Poor.
law Bill, he would therefore call IrlpOrt She meeting to join him in ob.
taining its repeal, even had there been no instances et cruelty and pp,.
Bretoloili They lied all heard of the great exertions which Wer'elakilag
merle for obtaining the abolition of slavery. It did not, of necessity,
follow that a slave would be treated with crueltyh-that depended upon
the caprice of his master. The Qltikrute.v• given of the Bill by Lord
Wynford, on its second rearitila% twee its good and true, that he could not
rl/41 better then ;mod it, It was said by him, that if the Bill tuaseed '
they Would establish a sytem of grinding cruelty, and would wake the
poor of that country more abject than the villain of (Ad, or than the
slave in the est Indies ; they would neither Waldo to eat, drink, nor
sleep ; in feel! scarcely hreattlO tho air of heaven without the consent
of the Commissioners,--(Cheers.) There never was a time in the
tory of tliltl oNitilllll that such unconstitutional powers we delegated '
to any three Coratni4sialiers. It was an abrogatiuss tst` the. ttt,tute of
Elisabeth—a Statnte which had been truly %ClainA lviX. }tie less an with._
rity than Lord Bacon—" The poor mars'a charter," Above all he
protested against such an Act twine repealed by those who called
themselves the represontatlvw ofthe people, but who were not in fact
what they ought to be, the remesentativee of the labouring clews
lie had asked In the House of Lords whether a Parliament 110 meestitnted
had the legal right, without the concurrence and sanction et the labour-
ing classes, to repeal an Act which was intended for their benefit, and
which fur two centuries had rendered the Gauntry such signal services?—
(Cheers.) But one of the principal objections w:lch he had to the
New Poor Law, was the introduction in it of a principle, new
to this country, new to every country, which called itself civilized
and enlightened, namely, the punishing For, rty es a erime—(Hear,
hear)--and immuring in prison those who solicited relief.—(Hear,
hear.) He had been told in the House of Lords that he was wrong in
calling the workhouses prisons, and that the proper name Ow them was
asylums. Why, they might as well call Newgate an asylum fits felons,
and the Fleet an asylum for debtors. In the manutlicturing districts,
happily the law had not been enforced, owing to the patriotism and
exertion of Mr. Oastler, and the determination and courage of
the people.—(Cheers ) In Lancashire it had also been flail.
trated by the struggle made by Mr. Richardson, of Manehebter,
(Great applause.) Such had been the oppression of the Bill, and the
great general and just discontent engendered by Its cruelties, that nu.
merous Associations had been formed in those populous districts, uncon-
nected with any other political question whatever. It was homl, there.
fore, that by the formation ore Central Society, the ingeettee of those
Associations would be combined, and a numerical Ono he brought to bear
upon the question, so that whatever delusion might prevail In the Cabinet
(To be concluded in a Second Edition.)

•
The Lambing season has commenced, and notwithstand-
trig the severity of the weather, goes on favourably.
The provincial journals abound, we are happy to see, in
accounts of subscriptions for relieving the poor at this inclement season.
As Mr. Hopkin was walking up the Trent-side, a little
above the Wilford Ferry, he found a salmon weighing upwards of 71bs.,
which he supposes had been killed by the very severe weather. The
same afternoon, another person found one near to the same place,
about ‘2olbs. weight, with a piece of ice frozen to its head,—Nottingham
Review.
On Monday Mrs. Anthony, of Wisbeeh, put a period
to her existence by throwing herself into the river, through a hole made
in the ice. The poor lady immediately floated under the Ice; and
although the rash act was committed in the presence of many I,„„ns
no assistance coold be given.
SIR JAMES GRAHAm.—Last week information was
received at Netherby of the dangerous illness of Wm. Inge, Esq., of
Thorpe, near Tamworth, who married a sister of the late Lady Catherine
' Graham. Sir J. Graham immediately set out for Mr. Inge's residence,
but we understand that that gentleman expired before the Right Hon.
Baronet's arrival. Sir James Graham has since proceeded to London,
here hday. e has been joined by Lady Graham and family.—Carlisle Patriot
Satur
It was Mr. Slaney, not Mr. Cayley, who gave notice on
Friday of a motion for leave to bring In a Bill to protect tenants against
the intimidation of landlords at elections.
PATRIARCHAL FAMILY.—There are at this time five
individuals of one family (three brothers and two sisters) whose paternal
Lames are Pletchei, natives of Horsley Woodhouse, in this county,
whose ages united together amount to the surprising number of 407
years. The oldest of the party, whose name is Oliver, aged 00, has
been
them)eP!oYed for a great number of years in the occupation of igiirdeue
meat
of Edward Degge Sitwell, Esq., the 1
to ate E. S. Sitvrell, ,Of Stainsby House, and stilt Continues in
ietor of this mansion. It id partlenkarly worthy of observation,
tiro employ
ppr 'resent hospitable
that this venerable WO m 441,
sem pleasure grounds are mown, tars
hit he other*, and no argument cau pvavail open him
rgiiii9,ol.h t‘riq When gsttierina ap,plies ilist season, he was seen
i),PrOieo 41)
orA Drilayiklre 4ec' Inkirki his tell ilia! hazardous employment.—
N
We regret to learn that Mr. Wil.i un Forbes Maci‘eviek
the Member for Pcebleshire, has for some time past be00,,.04e.d with
an attack of small-pox.

•
ELGIN!— e
Hon. rox Maule for these
4s.YotAd the possibility of a doubt. lie has villto
gip„ I.lanttj eterhead, lnveiury, and Kildare (we are tlOl, ktihg-:
Cher be has yet been to see Our good frlendi at cv,Vietl), anti the electors
seen) to have vied atilops thernetc;,,, who should receive htnt most en.
414statitivally,—Abrrtleen Herald,
