SPAIN.

Madrid Gazette Extraordinary of Aug. 13.)
" ROYAL DECREES.
" As Queen-Regent of the kingdom of Spain, I order
the Constitution of 1812 to be proclaimed, until the nation,
represented by the Cortes, shall have manifested its will, or
adopted another Constitution, according to its wants.
" THE QUEEN-REGENT.
" St. 11defonso, Aug. 13, 1836 "

" TO DON SANTIAGO MENDEZ-VIGO.
" The circumstances which caused me to declare Madrid
in a state of siege having disappeared, I order, in the name
of my august daughter, Queen Isabella 11., that the effects
of this first disposition be immediately removed.

" THE QUEEN-REGENT.
" St. Ildefonso, Aug. 14, 1836."

" TO DON SANTIAGO IIENDEZ•VIGo.
" As Queen-Regent during the minority of my august
danghter, the Queen Donna Isabella 11., I name Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affairs and President of the
Council of Ministers, Don Jose Maria Calatrava ; Sec-
retary of State for the Finances, Don Joaquin Ferrer ;
and Secretary of State for the Interior, Don Ramon Gil
de la Cuadra ; instead of Don Francisco Xavier Isturiz,
Don Felix d'Olabergue el Blanco, and the Duke of ItisT.s,
who filled these places. It is my will that the President
of the Council should to-day propose to me without delay
men capable of replacing Don Antonio Alcala
Don Manuel Bario Aguso, and Don Santiago Mendez
Vigo, who will only continue his functions for the publica-
tion of my Royal decrees.

"THE QUEEN-REGENT.
" St. Ildefonso, Aug. 14, 1836."

" TO DON SANTIAGO MENDEZ-VIGO.
"As Queen-Regent, and in the name of my august
daughter, the Queen Donna Isabella 11., I decree that the
National Guard of Madrid shall be reorganized, and that
from the present moment the arms should be restored to
at least two-thirds of the National Guards lately disarmed.
" THE QUEEN-REGENT.
" St. Ildefonso, Aug. 14, 1836."

" TO SANTIAGO MENDEZ-VIGO.
" In the name of my august daughter, Queen Isabella
11., as Queen Regent of the kingdom, I withdraw the
charge of Captain-General of New Castile, and the title of
Commander-General of the Royal Guards from General
the Marquis of Moncazo ; and I name as his successor
Don Antonio Seoane, who, besides the command of the in-
fantry attributed to his predecessor, will assume that of
the cavalry of the Royal Guard.

" THE QUEEN REGENT.
" St. Ildefonso, Aug. 14, 1836."

" TO DON SANTIAGO MENDEZ-VIGO.
" As Queen Regent during the minority of my august
daughter, Queen Isabella 11., I withdraw from the Count
St. Roman the charge of Inspector-General of the Pro-
vincial Militia, and the title of Commander-General of the
Royal Guard, and name to replace him in these two func-
tions the Marquis of Rodil.

" THE QUEEN REGENT.
" St. Ildefonso, Aug. 14, 1836."

The following Proclamation has been published at Bar-
celona :

" Catelonians,—Great nations make efforts correspond-
ing with the occasions which call for them. Be always
firm, calm, and courageous. Let no intruder stain with
crimes the path of glory. A soldier of the country and of
liberty cannot permit their purity to be tarnished. Let
us render ourselves worthy of the friendship of free na-
tions, and above all of our allies, by securinc, our freedom
without provoking antipathies. But if I advise you to be
circumspect, I shall also give you examples of firmness.
Of this you will find a proof in the representation which,
in concurrence with the other authorities, I have ad-
dressed to the Government, and which is in tenor as
follows :

" Senora,—General Don Francisco Espoz y Mina, to
whom your Majesty has intrusted the command of the
army and the principality of Catalonia, faithful to his prin-
ciples, and averse from every view which does not tend to
the consolidation of the throne of your august daughter, and
of the country's liberty, and the oilier authorities of the said
principality, and this city identified by the like principles,
would not act in conformity with their sentiments and their
duty, if they did not frankly point out to your Majesty the
chaos which threatens to overwhelm those precious objects
—the idols of Spaniards, who, with the admiration and ap-
plause of enlightened Europe, are defending them by the
sacrifice of life and property.
" ' But while those numerous heroic efforts have been
disappointed, and the complaints of innumerable victims
forgotten, amidst the adulations which surround the illus-
trious throne of your august daughter, and convert it into
a bulwark for subjugating, rather than protecting ever loyal
citizens, vicious systems, base passions, and interests in-
compatible with the regeneration of our society, had within
a year brought the nation to the brink of the most frightful
abyss. Its voice was then raised, and illusive counsellors
being by the national impulse removed from the Ministerial
seats, the vessel of the State took a more favourable course
under the guidance of pilots who quickly knew how to se-
cure the confidence of the people, and again to group them
around the throne of your august daughter, the common
centre of hope and consolation.
" The storm being laid, and it being clearly demon-
strated that the fidelity of the Spaniards to Isabel 11., or,
I may say, to the vital principle of the monarchy, had not
suffered the slightest injury, Carlism, which had been en-
couraged by a false illusion, founded on our ephemeral di-
vision, and promoted by the inertness and shameful want
of energy in the public authorities, exhibited the dismay
which characterizes rebellion and treason, and its infamous
proselytes flew to hide themselves in the rocks and woods,
which are their cradle and their protection. The nation,
recovering life and confidence, saw order restored in all the
provinces, the credit of the State improved at home and
abroad, 100,000 soldiers swelling the files of the valiant
army, the ealightened world applauded the national sacri-
fice, and we were speedily respected even by the Govern-
ments which least sympathized in the liberty and the inde-
pendence of Spain.
" But the genius of evil which encircles and misleads
thrones to conduct them to a precipice, and there abandon
them, dared to extend its poisonous arms, and to submerge
us once more in the chaos from which the purest patriotism
had rescued us ; and with shame must it be told that men,
apostates from their opinions, making a bad use of the
credit which their countrymen had bestowed upon them,
gave the reins to rancorous passions, and to the sole im-
pulse of an ambition which they could not conceal, invaded
your Royal Palace, and, invested with the authority which
your Majesty conceded to them, overstepped every barrier
by Aissolving the legally constituted Cortes ; thus endea-
vouring to obscure the lustre of the most elevated reputa-
tions, damping the patriotic ardour of the citizens, reducing
the valiant and loyal army to inaction, and holding out fo-
reign intervention as the only means of salvation for the
country, notwithstanding that her sons, who have vigorous
arms, abhor slavery, and will not stain the glory to which
their laurels, won from the perfidious enemies of liberty,
bear testimony. How many misfortunes, Senora, have been
accumulated ; how much Liberal blood cruelly shed by
Vandalism ; how many towns have, (luring three years of
war, experienced the horrors of devastation, which might
have been avoided!

" Such have been the unhappy consequences of the rash
conduct pursued by the counsellors to whom your Majesty,
unaware of the feeling which the voice of the nation legally
pronounced indicated, confided the reins of the Govern-
ment. Their obstinacy has been prolonged, but the suffer-
ing of the nation has arrived at its climax. The immortal
Saragossa, Cadiz, Seville, and many other cities of the
monarchy, are now affording a sublime lesson of patriotism,
unstained with crimes like those which disgraced the events
of the previous year.
" The whole of Spain will follow so noble an example,
and Catalonia, the classic soil of heroism and liberty, feels
all the impulse of so generous a declaration of feeling. Its
authorities sympathize with all classes of the citizens, but
prudence and good feeling prompt them always to take care
that your Majesty, whom we have proclaimed the mother
of the country, and from whose august lips we heard the
first magic accents of liberty, amnesty, and of patriotism,
should know how to lay with promptitude the storm raised
by the bad counsellors of the Crown—viz., by subjecting
them to the severe justice of responsibility before the
National Congress, by calling together the Deputies elected
for it, in order that the installation of the Cortes may take
place on the day fixed for it, and, by committing the reins
of Government to citizens without reproach, to decided
patriots, and to able hands, and thus dissipating with vigour
the poisonous clouds which obscure the throne of the inno-
cent Isabel, those pure and exalted characters will display
themselves, who, having no interest but that of their country,
will point out to your Majesty the shoals upon which the
vessel of the State must not be permitted again to founder.
It is in consequence of having seen with grief and
indignation an outburst in opposition to your present Ca-
binet, that we are impelled to expound to your Majesty
with all the energy of Spaniards who love liberty, and the
throne of Isabel 11., the critical situation in which we are
o
be induced to
weigh placed,in order
rde
in the bal balance n thatc e of justice yourMajes
the national mayntial wish to remove
(we repeat the proposition) from your side those unhappy
counsellors, and to fix, through the medium of the as-
sembled Cortes, our future destiny durably and patrio-
tically.
The principality of Catalonia, uniting its wishes with
those of the other provinces, animated by a full sense of the
justness of its views, and strong in the importance of its ac-
tual position, has wished in this step to give the higlist
proof of its prudence and caution. Without wishing to chc-
