JAMAICA.

The Melville packet from Jamaica has brought letters and
papers to the 16th of May. A dissolution of the Noise of As-
sembly of that island was expected shortly to take place, on account
of its determined resistance to the Slave-Evidence Bill and other
measures proposed by England for the amelioration of slavery, and
a canvass had conunenced in sonic of the parishes. The Govern-
ment, meantime, was not inattentive to the proper means for
awakening a better disposition in the planters, and the medium of
the press was used to point out the danger of a quarrel with the
mother country, the force and unanimity of public feeling in
England against the slave system, and the uselessness of resisting
it. The Kingston Chronicle published along letter from a mem-
ber of the British Parliament, furnishing a sort of comment on
the debates relative to the slave question, with remarks on the
temper of the Ministry and the people on that subject, and closing
with advice to the planters, as to the most prudent mode of regu-
lating their conduct. We select, as the question is at once inte-
resting and important, a few passages from this letter :

" You will observe that, in the whole course of these debates,
there is not one person who did not admit the extinction of sla-
very to be the whole object of Parliament and the country—an
object which they were determined to accomplish, and that the
only difference was as to the means and time of its accomplish-
ment. Nobody ventured to contend that the state of slavery
ought to be maintained for ever. Even the Lord Chancellor,
who spoke most strongly as to " the due consideration for the
rights of private property," expressed his entire approbation of
the resolutions of the House of Commons, and his concurrence; in
the object of putting an end to slavery. In a word, this feeling has
become so universal throughout the country, that any opposition
to it would he quite hopeless. The Ministry are committed to
the Trinidad Order in Council, and the country are determined
to have measures adopted in the colonies, which shall afford some
certain means of putting an end to slavery, though they may be
content to agree to their beins gradual and slow in the operation.
—They are also very much dissatisfied with the Colonial Legisla-
tures. They would, I believe, now have applauded any mea-
sure of rigour which the Government might have been disposed
to adopt fur enforcing the Trinidad regulations, and if the Assem-
blies should not adopt them all (or with few or unimportant ex-
ceptions), the country and the Parliament will _drive the Go-
vernment to some strong measures of coercion.

" Seeing how violently and bow rapidly the torrent of public
feeling is running, I am convinced the only chance of preserving
the independence of the Colonial Legislatures, is by the adoption
of the regulations which are about to be sent out in their next
session. • It is difficult for gentlemen resident in Jamaica to be
fully aware of the force of public feeling in England ; but you
may depend upon it that my representation does not fall short of
the truth, and you cannot do a more important service than
communicate the same throughout the whole circle of your ac-
quaintance."
In an address to the freeholders of the parish of St. Elizabeth,
published in the Royal Gazette, adverting to the efforts made in
various quarters
to influence voters to return members opposied
to the save-evnisnee sod other Bills, it is remarked, that the
very arguments made use of for continuing 'sn unavailing op-
position to such measures, would better apply in support of them;
for should mischief, or loss of property (a most improbable re-
sult), be the consequence of our yielding to the wishes of Great
Britain, surely we should have a much stronger hold on her for
compensation, than by throwing down the gauntlet of defiance,
offering ridiculous opposition to measures which Great Britain,
in the plenitude of her power, is determined to carry; and she
need not resort to force—a mere fiscal alteration of .duties on our
produce would effect our ruin, arid make our properties not worth
two years' purchase."

From all appearances the struggle is likely to be a severe one,
for though arguments like these appeal strongly to the reason and
interests of the planters, their prejudices are too strong, and
their irritability too great, to allow the judgment its fair exercise.

As a specimen of the probable temper of the new Assembly o
this Island, we insert the following address of Mr. Barratt, a lead.
ing member of the last Assembly, to his constituents, on his offer.
ing himself to represent them :

" TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF VIZ PARISH Or ST. JAMES.
" I declare myself an advocate for the adoption of measures by
the Legislature which shall reconcile the island to our countrymen
in Great Britain.
"If to treat with contempt the entreaties of onr friends at
home—if to deride and defy the representations of the King's Mi-
nisters—if to be stupidly regardless of the voice of all England, he
qualifications necessary to secure your good will, I confess myself
vanquished before I appear at the poll. But, however heroic it
may he to set up Jamaica against the world, and to.devote oneself
the victim of a fanciful patriotism, the patriot should remember,
that in his own destruction is involved the destruction of the
Colony. If he should suffer alone, his courage would be admired,
his motives unsuspected. I shall never aspire to purchase an
oe vnoaecayl, ft.rei ei
niatti t
iewhisazao
nuslool
ife
hs udbevive ritoi 'a
the bgyenme
rya fil
rmness o
dare to avow, if I am returned to the Assembly, that I will con-
sider every question that comes before the House on its own
merits—that I conceive his Majesty's Ministers have the same
right to recommend measures to our Legislature which they daily
exercise in the Imperial Parliament. But while I declare I con-
demn no measure simply because it comes recommended from the
Crown, I must add, that neither threats nor
quarter shall ever frighten or seduce me to consent to laws having
the most remote tendency to disturb the fundamelital institutions,
soever nature or to endanger property of whatsoever that property
may be. promistA front any

" These, gentlemen, are my principles--they are the principles
of all who think we are not strong enough to withstand success-
fully the universal call of the parent state for melioration, and who
acknowledge that our laws have not
yet attained perfection. Every
freeholder professing these principles will give me his vote and in-
terest. The present members have hitherto resisted any alteration
in our code, and it is generally understood that their opinions have
nut changed."
