SPIRIT of Old PUBLIC JOURNALS.

`FROM THE EVENING PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)
As the Session of rarliatnent approaches, signs of
mutual conciliation between Tories and Chartists
begin to re-appear. At present they do not ex-
change compliments, and do not profess to seek the
cams objects, except that great one on which all
" good men" are united—the etpulsion of the Whigs
from office. Still, on examining the leading journals
of each party we find a parity of sentiment and con£or•
mity of abuse which looks like collusion, though it may
be only coincidence. Thus the Standard of Saturday
repeats its hopes that the mercy of the Crown may be
extended to the misguided men at Monmouth, and sug-
gests that they should be tried in London ; and the
Northern Star of the same day takes a like view, and says
that going on with the trials will " increase the odium
under which Government already labours,and completely
fill up the measure of its unpopularity by the exhibi-
tion of a savage and vindictive bearing." The Charter
says emphatically, " Frost will, Frost must, Frost shall
be saved ;" and Mr. Cardo has discovered, no doubt by
the same light which showed to the Times a Russian
fleet likely to bombard Brighton, and an increase of the
French marine to which we have next to nothing to
oppose—that the Newport rebellion was the work of
Russian agency. He also, in a speech at Bolton on
Wednesday, announced—we cannot say discovered,
having read the same in the Tory papers for many years
—that " Lord Palmerston is a tool in the hands of Russia,
and one under whose sway the interests of the people
are undergoing a daily sacrifice." The Times, with
perfect consistency, continues to abuse Mr. O'Connell,
but is unusually mild in its language.
(From the Courier.)

Noble and self-denying as the sacrifice, imperative
on national honour and duty as the consummation of the
great work of Slave Emancipation in our own colonies is,
it remains unquestionable that, whilst the country has
purged itself of the sin of participation or connivance,
the horrors of slavery and of slave-dealing elsewhere,
have been and are indefinitely aggravated by the very
means so long and boldly predicated as decisive of their
extinction. Facts and figures speak this irrecusably,
and whilst ably expounding them Mr. Fowell Buxton
reads at the same time his own conscientious confession
of past misapprehension. But if the greater evil
be unredressed and immeasurably enhanced, it
was no less our bounden obligation to abate that
lesser nuisance which depended on ourselves, however
misled or mistaken in the degree of its results. The glory
of slave emancipation in the British dominions is not
shorn of it's lustre because elsewhere it has contributed
to forge fresh fetters and strengthen the links of slaves and
slavery. The conversion from bondage to freedom in
the British colonies has operated as a bounty upon
slavery in Cuba, the Southern and South-western States
of the American Union, Texas, and Brazil. The slave-
markets of Africa have become more sought and
active in proportion as a heinous competition has
enhanced prices. Forced labour, under and adjoin-
ing the tropics, beirr, greatly more productive of quantity
and profit than free labour, avarice has been proportion-
ably stimulated, and, in the greedy thirst of gain, traders
of almost all nations are seen recklessly defying the
laws, and braving even the death of infamy and piracy.
(From the Standard.)

We insert to-day the indictment found against the
prisoners in Monmouth gaol. This document, though
extending to a very great length, tells nothing that
was not previously known to the public—the overt
acts assigned all relating to the public transactions of
the 4th of November. From this limitation of the
heads of charge it would appear, either that the Law
Officers of the Crown are not yet in possession of the
preparations by which the insurrection was contrived,
or that they wish to conceal those preparations from
the public. It may be very true that the occur-
rences of the 4th of November afford grounds
sufficient to support an indictment for high treason ;
but justice to the public requires, that if more of
the rebellion than its actual explosion can be
exposed, a full exposure should be made ; and
if such an exposure is intended, justice to
the prisoners no less urgently demands that
they should be apprised.of the intention in the terms
of the indictment. As the matter now stands it would
seem that the insurgents burst from some unknown
region upon the night of the 4th ult., or came into ex-
istence upon that night like the product of the sepent's
teeth miraculously brought forth, miraculously armed,
and no less miraculously animated with a common pur-
pose of mischief.

•
A provincial paper, quoted by the Morning Chronicle,
has the following passage :—" Of the whole export of
cotton manufactured last year, amounting in value
to more than twenty-four millions sterling, con-
siderably less than five millions were exported for the
use of our own colonies, and the remaining nineteen
millions and upwards to countries, the trade of
which the Standard proposes to sacrifice to the Corn-
laws." We have not time at present to ascertain the
arithmetical accuracy :of this statement ; we therefore
take it as correct in the arithmetical detail, and proceed to
suggest some explanations that may be necessary before
drawing any inference from it. First, then, we wish to
be informed how great a part of the 19 millions' worth
of cotton goods was last year remitted to previously
"glutted markets" merely for the purposes of ob-
taining advances at home upon the consignment—
in short, sent upon desperate speculation. The Globe
told us a few nights ago, the greater part. If the
Globe is right a - trade like this cannot last long,
and will be no very grievous loss when it shall ex-
pire. Secondly, we desire to learn in what degree the
home market for manufactured cottons declined in the
same year in which nineteen millions of cotton goods
were exported to the Foreign Market. The goods
were, no doubt, prepared for some market ; but
if it has been found necessary to send them to Foreign
markets, clearly in a state of repletion, for the
desperate purpose of obtaining gambling advances,
it would seem natural to infer :that it is from
failure of demand in the home market this neces-
sity has arisen : such a failure has we know oc-
curred—and occurred in consequence of the importation
of foreign corn. The question thus arises between
the home market and the foreign market, and it
is soon decided by the consideration that, while the
British agriculturist must take all his manufactured
goods from the British manufacturer, the foreign
manufacturer can take only a part, and will take
only a very small part, if any part. The truth
of the case of last year is, that the failure
of demand in the home market forced upon the
manufacturers the necessity of sending their goods
abroad at any price, to be paid almost at any
time. Yet we are charged with wishing to injure '
the manufacturer, because we would defend for them
the home market. In the third place, it is desirable to
know how much of the 19 millions' worth of cotton ma-
nufactured goods has gone to the United States of
America. The analogy of former years would intimate,
a very great proportion, yet, as is plainly deducible
from Mr. Webster's able argument (we have shown
the proof), a repeal of the Corn-laws would ruin alto-
gether our trade with the United Stales. It may be
urged that the experience of the last year does not afford
a fair criterion : that year, however, was not selected by
us, but by our Anti-Corn-law opponents, to whom—such
is our confidence in the strength of our cause—we
always leave it to choose their own ground ; and the last
year does afford a fair, though, as respects the extent of
mischief to be produced by it, an inadequate example of
the ruin to manufactures that must attend a repeal of
the Corn-laws.

THE USE OF SEALS.—A gentleman who has
lately been exposed to very unp:easant circumstances,
owing to his ignorance upon the subject of the use of
armorial bearings, wishes to give others the benefit of
his experience. He was very much surprised by a
notice from the Inspector of Taxes, requiring him under
the penalty of 50/. (if not immediately done) to give
notice of what armorial bearings he used, in order to
pay the taxes for them ; with a reprimand for the
omission, hitherto in his returns. The gentleman
who has never taken out his arms, was much asto-
nished at such an appeal, and complained to the
tax-gatherer. He informed him it was no concern
of his, and sent him to the assessor. This latter per-
son assured the gentleman that a letter had been re-
ceived from him, sealed by a crest seal. It turned out
that the tax-paper came while tho gentleman was in
London : he wrote to his daughter, putting down at
the end of his letter his returns, which he desired her
to cut off, and enclose it ; forwarding this to the tax-
gatherer. The lady happened to possess a glass seal,
a mere toy given to her, upon which was a squirrel ;
this is no crest of the father's ; and, therefore, not used
as such. The letter thus sealed (most unfortunately),
was presented to the gentleman, who was informed
that for this be must pay 11. 4s. ; and if ho kept a car-
riage, 21. Bs. It was objected that it was not his crest,
&c. No matter, had he picked it up in the street ; or
had it been sealed (by a lady merely visiting at the
house) by her own crest, it rendered him liable to pay
the duty, and that within a very short time, or
be fined fifty pounds ; and more than that, it sub-
jected him to this tax (having once paid it) as
long as he lives. As it was proved to be his daugh-
ter's, and she not being a householder, he is let off
with Paying 12s. a year. As such devices on seals as
birds and animals, are generally liked, it is well that
people should be warned against their use.--Cheltenham
Examiner.

LONDON AND GREAT NORTHERN TRUNK
RAILWAY.—The proposed object of this undertaking
appears to be toconnect the Midland Grand Union and
Midland Counties Railways at Nottingham, with the
Northern and Eastern Railway, near Ware ; passing by
the towns of Melton Mowbray, Stamford, Huntingdon,
St. Neot's, Hertford, and bisecting or uniting with the
Welland, Ouse, Nen, and other navigations
river Trent, the Grantham, Melton, and Oakham Canals,
wanhdic m Rh
icvoersmand the trade of the midland and eastern
counties of England. According to the prospectus,
i
coal might be sold n London for lbs. per ton,Railway
