retained, the experiment dragged its weary length
through nine long months, at a cost which would have
defrayed the working charges of the largest establish-
ment in London ; a statement of the results of these
experiments was pompously laid upon the table of the
House, disclosing about half the amount of bounty
which really existed. Gigantic threats were made
at the commencement of each succeeding Session,
that a sweeping alteration would be made when the
Bounty Bill came under discussion ; but these invari-
ably dwindled into pigmy announcements of what was
intended to be done in the following year ! The re-
sult is, that this system, denounced by plain Mr.
THOMSON as nefarious, &c., has survived all his in-
dignation, and continues, and has continuel, to rob
the public annually of at least two millions sterling
from the day plain Mr. THOMSON" took office to the
hour at which we now write ; but we shall return to
this subject.

We congratulate the friends of Polish independence
—and their number is co-equal with the friends of
liberty throughout the worn—on the appearance of a
Monthly Magazine exclusively devoted to the eluci-
dation of the present state, sufferings, and prospects
of that once great and galla..t nation. We have long
felt the want of such an organ of the opinions of the
brave exiles who have sought an asylum in this
country ; because we knew that a correct knowledge
of the sufferings of Poland—of the necessity of her
resuscitation to the well-being of civilized Europe—
was alone wanting to awaken the active sympathies of
the British people. It must be confessed, how-
ever, that the lukewarm in the cause of
Polish freedom will find much to justify
their non-interference in the sentiments ex-
pressed by the Editor in his introductory chap
ter. The schism which divides the Polish exiles

into two parties, and which consequently destroys I
their unity of patriotic action, is greatly to be la- ,
mental. Whether the pure Republicans arc, or are
not the more numerous, is a question ,Thich" we have
no sure means of rightly determining ; but certain we
are that they are the least likely to influence the
Councils of France and England. Besides, we
cannot approve of differences about events which can
only follow the deliverance of Poland from the iron
yoke of the CZAR. " First catch your hare," ad-
vises the prudent cook, " before deciding upon the
manner of dressing it." In the same spirit we
say to the Polish exiles—First strike from the
limbs of your country the accursed chains
imposed by Russia, and then it will be
time enough to adjust the question of internal Go-
vernment. The Abbe STEYE'S system of cut and
dry Constitutions never has, and never can answer, so
long as man is not a mere machine. Erase from the
forehead of Poland the stamp of slavery, impressed by
the hoof of a ruthless barbarian—restore her to her
natural rank among the nations of the world—re-
kindle in her bosom the now almost extinct fire of
civilization, and the proper adjustment of her internal
institutions will gradually follow without disorder or
confusion. The Poles have read history to little
purpose if they have not learned that want of union in
one great object has uniformly been the destruc-
tion of all political refugees. One of the causes

that most contributed to the ruin of the exiled
House of STUART, was the intrigues carried on at
the mock Court of St. Germain's for appointments in
the english Cabinet, while the very intriguers them-
selves knew that they were under a sentence of out-
lawry. In the same way the intrigues and dissensions
of the French Royalists who escaped to Turin at the
first outbreak of the Revolution, frustrated plans, and
dissipated energies, which, if properly exerted and
followed up, might have saved France the guilt of.
shedding rivers of innocent blood. The Polish Nobles
have already given proofs of their willingness to make
common cause with the majority _of their country-
men, in proclaiming the extinction of serfage,
and the equality of the people a 3 regrds
civil rights ; and though there may be some
among the exiles who may be opposed to such
liberal concessions, we cannot be persuaded that the
patriots are acting wisely in providing against such a
problematical evil as their future influence in the
councils of the Polish nation. We need not assure
the gallant Poles that these observations are not made
in an unfriendly or carping spirit. On the contrary,
we highly approve of their present undertaking ; and
trust that it will be so conducted as to obtain for its
contributors the thanks of all who, like ourselves,
regard the resuscitation of Poland as essential to the
moral and physical welfare, and to the lasting peace of
Europe.

Letters and Papers from Madrid, to the 22d ult.,
have reached us. The Finance 'Minister was then in
treaty with M. SAFONT, about the raising of a new
loan. The Spanish capitalist was, it appears, acting
chiefly as the agent of a London house. A supply of
clothing for the army of ESP ART ERO, left Madrid a
few hours before the departure of the mails for Paris.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Friday and
Saturday have been duly received this morning. Their
contents, though not politically important, are not
wanting in interest. From Spain the substance of the
intelligence communicated to the French Government
is embodied in the following telegraphic dispatch from
Bayonne, which appears in the Monileur of Saturday

TELEGRAPIIIC DESPATCII.

" Twenty-five Carlist battalions have assembled in Biscay and
the valley of Mena. Numerous convoys are constantly being di-
rected on Balmaseda, where Maroto and Don Carlos were still
on the 23d. The Carlists are apparently desirous of obtaining
possession of Portugalette, the artillery and provisions of which
hare been just augmented. The garrison has received a re-
inforcement of 500 men from St. Sebastian. Espartaro was
on the 18th at Haro, and his troops, with tho exception of
eight battalions sent into Castile, were disposed en echelon
from Santa Maria de Cuba to Ona."

The following is the continuation of the telegraphic dis-
patch from Strasburg., which was interrupted by night, and
the first part of which we gave yesterday. We repeat a
phrrse that the sense of the words may be more connected :
" In this letter he speaks of his acquired rights, avoiding
explanations on his double qualifications, and manifests the
hope that his absence will riot be eternal. The Directory
transmits this evening, the 25th, this letter to the Cantons ;
it has replied to the Government of Thurgau that this de-
claration was too ambiguous to serve as a basis for an official
step on its part, and that it recommended the Government,
above all things, to designate the place to which Louis Bona
parte was willing to retire."
The Swiss question is regarded by the French
Press as settled. France, it seems, has wisely re-
solved to be satisfied with the voluntary retirement of
Prince Louts NAPOLEON from the Swiss territory.
It was generally rumoured that the PRINCE would
make England the place of his future residence.
The following extracts from the French Journals of
Friday and Saturday include all the news which they
contain of any interest :

One of the Evening Papers cf Friday asserts that the Go-
vernment had determined that the Baron Deffaudis should
not return to Mexico with the squadron of Admiral Baudin.
The negociations with that State would be conducted by the
Admiral, who is furnished with the necessary powers.
It is stated that the Duke de Montebello is absolutely ap-
pointed to the Embassy at Naples, and will be succeeded in
Switzerland by M. Nlortier, whose post at the Hague is to bo
filled by M. Bois le Comte.—National.
" The resolution of Prince Louis Napoleon to quit Switzer-
land," says a Thurgau correspondent of the Zurich Gazette,
" is the result of negotiations to which Switzerland is a stran-
ger, and we are happy in being able to affirm that not a single
word in this Canton has been uttered to induce the Prince to
take this step. Some persons say that passports will be given
to the Prince by Austria."
We stated the other day that a. popular meeting bad been
held at Langenthal, in Switzerland, convoked by the Com-
mittee of the Swiss National Association, and that an Addre
■
to the French nation had been voted. The following is tl
text of this document
Fr,nehm. en !—The first rampart of Europe is throw,
down,-Polandis sufficed, Must both the hulwarke of
