PROCLANIATION.

nUtiKIR ,K, r'r. 19.--‘ kiibitaffis. of Pun-
kir 1, ! Fits M.:ljesty the Emperor is again Aboai to
11-:“'t.rse Our coact, anti vverytiling Init.; us to pre-
,n int.:, iiiat,on-t he 210 or ',.!::.4cl •iust. you will !laic.

the' lvappiness to enjoy his august presence.
.46 Prepare the ornattivitts of your houses z let
veidant boughq, and powers, give to out' city
dolt smiling aspect.that will manifest to' the Sove.
"reign your love and our joy ; l t a spontaneous il-
lumination on ti,e day of his art it al be a new ieiti-
inOny of it ; iet the pasFtgc of his 'Nlak'sty, above
all, pr.'setit the aspect 1# a fete ; it .vi:l probably
take place by' the street Royale,, Napoleon-place,
the sit,.tet and place Imperiale, streets
do IVlouiirt, r:u „Lit de Pantile, and Ilia ,at.-
Second my effortg, inhabitants of ; their
only objrct is tour welfare, and the alleviation, of tile
misfortunes which circumstartea k e you ex e•
rief:ce.
Given nt llteNtintibn--hatine of buniiirk this
i9th of Seeternber:lBll.
(Signed)'

" J. NENNY,'Alayor."

MONTitßult-BUK-Itt CR, Star. 19.—The
Emperor
arrived here,mt five thise4mitq;: M the 'gates of
the town he aligleed, from 'the carriage ; and
cony:tilled by t tie,Prince of N oactotei 'ar dh is ai• le-
de-eanip General Mouttin, Lc inspected the 'Works
of fortification whiCh• hint 'this year ben erected.
The staff of the place joined his Majes‘y upon tilt -
i'im/a,lSi. of which he ni.lck the tutu; thence
his. Majesty repaired to the ctadO, and visded the.
exterior works.'
An aim of the ever de C niche, whieh washeS:
the wall or the lower lown,.artt:slid the progress of
the Emperor; at the rnorOnt Wheil
stitai Were ho',y fornitntt a trtidg eto plAtika and,
faticnies, his Majesty fa-, shed Illy river with the' wa-
ter up to his knees. 't le continued his inspection
61 all the Works, and rvinr, Lei to, his carriage; hut--
rounded by.a moliirute. of the irc,anitants, who in.;
cewntly expressed their joy by tepeitcd , crie4
Live Ile Emperor .I'His Ntiji,ly 4pol;e with kind-
ness to the Commandant of toe plait`, to Ate Engi-
neer eharged wit.h.the direction of the' works,
to the Writ-COnlinisvitty, - who hint
throughout. A soldier, wounded at nao,bon, hav-
ing- bemi pr6semed in the Emperor, iris Majesty
made him :a pres,nr, 'and ordered that his ciainli
-shoall be sent to :gun at Boulogne. '
• IlitosseLS, 2o.—The- wisheS or the ii,ha-
Pit Ants of Brussels are about to be acconillistied,
and the hope of seeing the arrival of her finixrial
.Majesty at the palace of Lockett, will soon be re-
altsed-.. Already a triumpled arch is cietling. at
the gate of Al derlecht,- and all in-eptit:iittionci' ore
.atithing for the suitable reception i•if
. ,

vereign. . .
HANsunotr, IS tr PT. 14.—Th- Prince of Eat
'Governor,General and Cominand,r in Chit.
of the Army of Germany, has just published ati.or
der to the following
Ad persons who have given in d-clarations o
capitals, goorls,
sot. merehandiie, belon&iing
to. the enemy, must mitte a •stirtentieruf the S3file
to the office of reoistration and t$ domattvi..
Surr,llder shall -take Wace in Hamburgh from the
ibth to the 4.4.5 th at September, and. in the Vila-
towns from the 15th to the.3oth

, ••
Ta w.aich over and -acceletate tho&e hurren-
.Corronission, Oall be formed, to whom the
'parties shall addresOheMs.elveS. Th'rsc Commi's.
sions shill be specially c.bniged with the
investiga-
tion fuodi
,And,oher 'thing" bz.Amiging to the
cnerny'S commerce; of which dect nation shall not
have bvt_to made; .Thetommissary-Geirual of
shall transmit to them ail the information to be
• found in his offices. The P.efects and Mayors shall
gt.od them lists of the declarations hitherto male.—
The Commissions shalt send reports of their pro-
ceedings.every five days to the Commikisary-General
rht.Potice at Hamburgh,.who)sharl ttras.v op a gene-
:ial.view of the same, and transmit it, at the same

periods, to the Governor-C,eller3r •
llonLonNw, Sir bite the happirnesi
of his Majesty's preseriee.this to‘vit. Ibis Morn-
nig
..at nine, -after giving atAdience to the civit autiio.
lines, the Emperor lett iiis Palpce, and proceeded
on horseback to the camp on the right, where he
met
_hi, Excepeney the Duke of Elchilgen, and re-
viewed the whole of the, troops. After the re-
% iet.v, • they were exercised in tiring and grand

niaoceuvres.
• At three quarters past one, his Majesty got into
a carriage, to continue his route to Cafats %LAI Dun'.
kirks . All ran in crowds to witnes,s the devartore

oethe E:nperar, whose presence, etery woere

enthusiaun.

1312ESDRN, SEPT. B.—P/ince Ponintowsky has ar-
rived at Dresden, and'almost immediately repaiod
to the Castle of .w here he waevery gra-
eionsly reeeive,l by his I‘l.4jesty. It. is remarked,
that he has 'had lo.ng coutetences with the King.
On the toth, he is to set out cot his return to War-
saw,. Some people, however„think that lie will
remain at.Diesden till the departure of his Majesty,
which is irre,ocaby 'fixed, for the 16th instant. it
is Said io be Ilk Majesty's intention to pass thtee
months at Warsaw. •
The demolition of our ramparts continues with
activity, and they are to be replaced by public
walks. The work of deMolition also. goes on at
Torgau, and will, be continued during the winter,
should the weather permit.
A Convention rehrtiee to commerce has just been
concluded between the Courts of Berlin arid S.A.
Mir, • Goods manufaotered in Prussia, and which
were prohibited in Saxony, may henceforth be inf.,
pM ted into the I.at ter
,country,. and also into the
Detchy of Warsaw.
Hitherto there have,not beer. great changes in the
commercial slstem of Russia, although we have re-
tehird at different periods letters from Petersburgh,
'lng.l,•and other plops, that aunounce.great tnodi-
ricationa in the prohibitory Ukase relatiVe to foreign
inerchimdize. One of these letters pretends that
the first plan that was submitted to hi,s ..Majesty by
the Minister "of CoMmerce was, not addpted,and
that a new Commission •was appointed to propose
modifications, which are limier coositleration. There
are, in' truth, same persons Of influence in Russia
who would stilt tnatotain the present commer-
cial system ; but the iticouvenieeeies of it are too,
triejt felt not' to induce a belief that it- will be
cloned. •
NArocS, SEt'T. g.---!Some foOve sailors from
Sicily -have Anought us an account that the famous
General A.Ctua died lately at Palermo. A magni-
ficeut tunerd was prepaied for him, but• during the
proceWM);-Siitierrielidi;us a shoWer'- of rain came
on, . that the' body remained abandoned tuthe •stret.t
for a long time.
Tt,e Qoant, de Mier, Envoy Extraordinary 'and
Minister Pieoioreentiary from the Emperor of
Anis-163 to this' Caen, aitriyt d in this city on the sale
instant. •
VrcivsA, SEPT. 7.-7Accnoling to' accounta re-
ceived from oa.:. frontiers of Turkey, sonic eori s of
the Gland Vizier's army have passdd the b
to make itICUr,.IOnS- into Wallachia.- The Grand
Vizier is labooring (lay and night near• Rods. ock
011 the construction of a bridge of boat* and Il•t•
boata' to 'cross' the Danube. with 'his wain a, my, ,wo
tridoaVOOr to recover Moldavia acid
..aoloa. li,
Order, to be able to ent•oothem With a superior fOr
he is assembling ai.l the corps which remitned in
hii rear, arid has given the Asiatic, 83,1)ov/A the most
PrNsing orders to hastee their march,
Count Kutesow, the Russiae General in Chief, is
taking measures on his to give his enterprising
tokeriary toe
.1110 St vigorous reception. All . the
divisions which Were hitherto contorted' in
Moldavia, on'eccoont of the. want of previsions, anti
have.been put it) motion and have, perhaps,
alreadyjnined thegrand army, whichis o,nteentrot-
ed betWeeil ,Bucharest and G.urges.vo. By all ap.;
pesrauees, /wily military events will take place 'on
the. Lower Danube in the months of September and
Oetirber.
•Cr
V SHPT. 12,..-11 we are to believe the
latost accounts from Ptesontg, the Deputks- of the
States hose already' agreed, that ailthe .subject; eatthe Puirgariatt mooarehy, wOinoot nisooolow, ;too
`ail the olmrchos, shall send their plate to the Milo
to be einploy,d Im' the booths of tint State, Ai
done Wt yeAr la the German provinces of the Atli-
triatt empioo SpeaLeg fro a genetal calculation,
this is likely to produce at least 80 millions 01
•tiortits ; land those who think the Computation too
tug'', will observe, that when tile Gerriliin pro.
tinees and Gallicia give their phte,many pc" sons,
to evade :the order, loiand means to transmit their's
to Hungary. The Ministry will thus be enabled
not only to put in Circulation a prodigious iquantity
istlver coin', but also to altdraw a great•number
of note's. ' At present there are many Roman ducats
in circulation, of the coinage of diffetwit Popes, and
particularly of Pius VI.
We baud received from Lemberg the mt:lancholy
new that tie city bt °Pet tyckow, One ;of the richest
and otno,,t oottoolcon itt llntda, experienced, last
month, a dreadfrd tire, -which burnt. fit;,; anuses,
with many shops. The dafflage sostained by con),
't*:::rt,ve is liteiticulatilo, Nearly 500,000 dtiCAIS in
igold, and three ntllfinn4 and• a half of roblea. in
;silver, e either pinndeled during .they conlierion,
ur melted by the excessiye twat
.of the .11ame.
Twelve hundred cheits of sugar,- each 4olta, svt!ight,,
brixtm:of raisins, :2,000 chefs of Coffee, .atel
pelisses tau' furs to the amount of three millioes of
,robles, wear burnt.. Verious merchaedise, to the
millions of rt. Hes, brandy taint wit e
to ties amount of two milliods of rnbka, have also
!riven dektroyed. If tleose details are correct, this
event Will be marked as ette.Cit the most thiloitubate
in at-Yowl history.
Aeot. O.—The 'Russian army In Tur.

. .
key consists of nine diVision's; (each Coilipose,l
two regimeNti), of from 2,0 to 25 regiril uts of
sacks,„ 3Of 1 littarls, end tr 3 of dragoon's : tltvi.
,sions of infantry and regimen'ts of cavalry ale oti
the Dneister • . there are only to,tr on the
In Servia the Russians have 3 regimente of latatitry,
• 2 of (Lagoon's, end I of Cossacks.
SA R AGOSSA Auo. SM.—Carbon, the former Corn.
malid:iiit of Mccutienz ha, been condemned o
die by a military. Commission, as a Intim to
country, and for !iving vi Wed his word of honour':
EKColletlq 1114. M GtiVerbor, l.eit
boo' sorrel.: at di%uretion, gl-Ve hitn his life, and
loaded Ilim wi, It favours ; an i he repaid his Bruel
,lenc)es. [rum 'hits? w:ih the blackest ingratitude, by,
taking up arms against the troop's of his eatholie:'
,• Majesiy.
Sarr. 19.—A 1-1-I;goland boat uas
shipwrecked at the mouth of the Weller, and tile.
nidi) .41 have co* brought here as prisoners of
war. It a;,pears from the exatitination they utn.l.-1-
weilt, that the greatest tniSerß pervades the ,Statni of.
Heligoland, where sugar and coffee. were lately seat%
piled ' • in.vast 'A/al e:,oll3Ciy and where the % tlfj!
porters inAle enornious gains. The
which have' reit:lett:id impossible the it-tiro:loo4m (it'
Engli4ll goods on the 'Continent, have ohl;g4
ed.the speculators to cqtpty their He.
ltgoland it revered to its primitive insignificance
and to save themselves from dying of hunger, the'
inhab tants have b,!en f, a•te(' to resume their old oc,
Kupation of ti liet ien. Tip re were lotiaid IVA
It ere Heligolundeis some coni,^s of an English Joni,..
u: 1, The Courier, I,.ey were i.irobably ent-,
played to intiWuce upon the Continent by vOllll6
weans or other:

That journal; in its own •riame, or, that 'of the Mi-
nisters v, hose ieryile organ it is, invitesl)•itch awl
German tilhertnen to einigiate, in order .to establisli
themselves in El,gland,- where, it sAyS, a nuiiiherot
such emigra!its have already arrived, and have been.
succes4lnl in clxercis.ing their pea,cefol. indu.try:
.a contemptible mattaauvre, 'for seducing
the itittabitants ot the coasts ofi the Coulitictit
proves, completely, the difficulty which the E g-

list) Admiralty feel in equipping 'their numerou's
fleets, the mointenance ot which is necessai y to t
system of iwitiiime tyranny. The
~popriiiition of,
England is iniutlicient for the sloply. 1)1
so va4t. Hence -arose the neces•ityour her

lilt!, the neuirality of the Awer cans, And cariti
off the seamen of (kat .o..epend 11,,;y
were vile siaves. present,, ben dale tii

the voice of honour, is no lonor thsposed.to lolvtite
c).piying ap tibute. Next, the mot high ilf.buiraliti4
attempts tO' draw to the British shores, the 4.,(4. it,
and German fishermen to subject therm forthwith to
that frightful impress, cy_seamtlf• which the (Ili-
grace of tad and of a civilised me. Bart the,,a
pet fidious seductions, which, hivve heel?.

ried,at several points of the noithern.enaSt 0;
empire, tr,:ve every where.roet with contempt.
exact and official inqui,-y h;,i proved., that tier
trlolllliS past, no flThertlWh, Ilt) ut tr,d,
coast, from the to'the Elbe, Iris heel! so in.
fattntcd as to c.xcliatige,a' traim,etil livi~lihcloea in his
own.conntry, for the harsh. slavery in Which' the;
Ifisnglish seamen live. It is posiiiile that s`o.rit Eng-
lish off', to avoid
.the
T.4e4q. ire; diA011e,,5,..1 tl.w fe,s;to-.01P4. ixbhon
the Courier.prt-tend, to have se,-:1 14,11.1,,00.1
of such a ,>,,rt h.-, 1,141,/ tei
fly ton a coam, Were cic:it.t) swaitis th 4
oc 7,y fruit of their disgr.36:l4:ll.

SP 0 firEVG- I (WEL IG E NC!:

NEWMAIIkET 1 I RST OC roetit wit ETIT.ic, 13T,.

wtoNrsoAi,,r. O'Cr. I.

~,
1.. i. ,
tll Fifty 11,,7C. free for anv nurse, &C. 4:yr tddir carryint
7st. 4th. t•yr 01t19,135t. 51b. 6 yr olds, ht. t ilb. 44 olsed,
9st. li. c • , , .
Mr. V ',whit tatt's ch. 1.1, flurleigh, $ yis old :. I
„.. . ,
1,. F ..,
SO. CV ei) I.'S h. C. 4.4lSt.anaer, '4 yrs old . - i
1,4 0 11. Cavendish's ch. h. Miitlletborp'e, i yib old or,
Id liinchitthroose't cis c jilvv,..l. 4.y sl,old - CI r
Gen. Gower's h. I. I)onnatlarA, 4 yrtruld • • , tit
D.- LIV Grafton's b. h. Pope,; v rt. oin ~ • tit
, stot, on thirlcigit.

td d. 14. Ca'venalih's Eccicston, 7 t. t ilb ?hour Mr. An.
d esv's Morel, 11. t, 51b, Ab. ;.voge. h, rt..-5 to 4mi
ELeleston.

~. • ~ ~
One.third of a snnscriotionT 2t_ Ks. each, f1.3:.y.r old coifs,
Sst. §lb. and tiilies. tat. 61b. 11. 1. 'bona fide the inti.
licrty of Subscribers. ~
. -
Sir. C. iktinbuq'o• hr. C. Rival .. . t
l). of Gtafton'a br c. Nonrod . - -, 1
Mr, Idize'l).l3. c. by Soferer, but at a iibter to Oatland* 3
I.ti Ilioovenor's b. t. tiartosa
Mr. Wilson's b.' c. by sir Sulbronn, out of tottercli„ i
Ld G. It' CaVvottisle:, br. t. 11terrygoround . - • , M
Ito i ago Rival ; 5 to 2 apt Nimrod.; 6 to i 4,git :qr.
Ge'i b. c. by Sort..rter. ,
Mr. Sliakespe3re's Cli6ter,?st. ''.7lb. MC. ZjAS. born ma.
jar %%lawn's lirebus;,t st. two yr old L. soh:;.

THE tHEArEE,—.lllacleth was Ibe tbarnatk
troction last night, and Kettsima anti Nirs,t S4r>wt%4
rendered ouple justiet4t to tint he-ro Itott ;
nor onght CHABIAS K.131%1131.U. to t”..,
111.314,0* was litt excetlent pteco (II
sralwiditt tiresic,s of 411acbeill atlti Quevn , A. ‘',;l.
siclor as an unavoidable sactitice to Ho! jinn of
the tiows, for eertAinly, ou sue4l

cot.panied royalty in Scotktnd at-the titti.•
foandatiort offthe fable took place. (tr,- of
Kitioint.it", in intrtienlar, seemed to be fart 'ti
the int,tdet of the present Frctich fo, 1w :14
superb i.Ol any thing 4-tkiekinti which Li ea
on the English stage.. roe tiouge %viol

A eininua eitetnyttante latel7 occ,frreo io fitoo
heighbourhood bf NVinche.ter, nit the juntrtion of
Alm old and limy. Aver, 'lUne. attent lop tit' a gvntle;,
mat) bathing Mini (itiik;'t) to a part of the can)
by ;(,.vast ftuctuatinn of the water, tOgeilivr A'iin t
if it were. aul anotiol; hen
earne to tbe i.i)nt be di4tirtelly nerci-iv.,d t clo,e comi,
bilsitlmixeen it youngto!ter and on en*):,)0,3,.,
it, nttr,t4arei th3t the had sci/.?,11 ~n
the back part of his hePid, and its hi)
tilotion utia noise of itle,
By the eXtrtliin th Vorti3Orli
iiiloriii urs is prodigiou,,, the fish
"reijlet+4.l 110 J)) ili bite of the ;inichrtl.2 art sp.
ietorn o(potivrit by tti
drove lion) the anwlttba,tia creature a faint Oh-LI
nit,„„jogp v:hett app 10,1,
put an and to the colitiat, by btating-triutoii;zanot
away 0 ha tetteat, this freah-watw.

tiziCCILVATION.

,
Hating inserted several Ar(icles :from Writers of
,
diff-.•,,,iit oointon..; are this important subleo, we
-th...ehl it necessary., to 'present to our Readers the
` . following
..

i 4

iIiPORT OF TUB NATIONAL VACCINE 'Et:TABLISII-

114 ENT.

The Board of the National Vaccine E‘.tablish-,
meet Itavii g learned that great interest" has been ex-
cited in the v9blic mind, by the occurrence of Small
I;nx -after. VActinallott, in the families of the.tarl
!digrosvenor;atd of Sir, Henry Martin, Bart: Bate
thought it their duty to lay the folkwing Cases ber,
-loth the Public," accompanied 'with some obheria-
tions, and a statement, Ito* far, in their opinion,
thest ease 4 atfed the general advantages of Vac.ci,
Wit ion.

- The Case of the lion. Robert Grosvenor, third
son of the Eel ni Grobvr nor,. wlis procured through
the savour at Sir tirnrylfOrd. and Sir Waiter,
Farquhar, the Phvii,:iinis who arrend.-d the young
Geniketnah during his illness ; and the Case of the
son at Sir Henry Martin. was obtained through the,
iavoor of Dr. Heberden. Both of these C.AStia were
Ska visited by the Diredor of the Vaccine E3ta-
blishincnt.

.
1. The Case of the Ilon. ROBERT GROSVENOR.
•
On Sunday,. May 28, 1811, the Hon. Robert
Grosvenor, who was teco%ering from the hooping
cough, became much indisposed.and threW up his
dinner. Fever followed, and he complained most
particularly' of extrueiating pain in liiinacit. He
dwelt on ibis system until Thursday, when he be-
cme delirious, and there were observed on his face
about twenty spots.
He had been vaccinated by Dr. Jenner, in his in-'
fancy, about ten years ago, and the mark left in his
arm icuti'cated a perfect disease.
On Friday morning, the 'eruption had not in-
creased materially in point of number, but the up-
pearance of the spots and the previous symp,orns,
suggested strongly a suspicion that the disorder was
the Small Bins

Sir U. Fl'allord had occasion to go to. "Windsor in
the afternoon of Friday, and did not see Mr. Robert
GrostrenOr until the Monday following (June 20),
but he learned from Sir W. Farquhar, 1k 1w attend.,
ed him most carefully! .during: Sir Henry's absence
(and 'subsequently); thatthe eruiThon had iheresAqf
pfodigiously. in the course of Friday; -that on' the
evening of that day, ,Mr. Robert GrosvehoF began
to make bloody water, and that hathintinueid to do
so mull Monday morning.
On the tenth day of the riisesse, the pustules:be.;
gan to dry upon the. face,. which. was swollen to a
considciable degiiee, but not to the extent of dosing
bis arcs, and W 33 atiended by a saliyation
lasted several days. Petechias had occurred in tire
iniersticei of seveial of the Spots, particularly on the
limbs, and here'was that pal Ocular smell from the
whole frame which isretrAtkable in bad CaSt+B of
confluent Sinall 'Pox. 4

Ir was obvious that the first symptoms of which
Grosvenor complained, were 'such as indicated
s'i,ioleot disease about to fuflow, and Sir .Henry
confesses that he entertained a most unfavourable
opinion of the issue of such a malady; when* it `was
fully formed ; having never seen an instance of re-
covery under 60 heavy an eruption attended by such
circumstances. tt seemed, however, that the latter
sligts of the disease were passed through more ra-
'pidly in. this cur than usual,' and it may be a Ties.
tion, whether this extraordinary circumstance, as
well- 'A the oltiman, recovery of Mr. Groskenot,
ivcre not influenced by previous 'Vaccination.
14 EN at HAW:6IID%
•
'Wit. FARGUjiAdt,
In adlilion to the preceding account, the Board
love •authoi kyr' to state, that duriiig of
Grosveiior, the other children of the Bail .of
Groweilot., who had been. previously. Vaceinatedi
vi,eromsposcd to' ;the contagion of 1114 Small Poi:
uncir 'which their brother was suffering; and were
r utomittcd to „Small , Pox litoculatiou without.
, „

The Case of the Son of Sir rieNRY MARTIN.

. .
Sir 1-4-..nry Mailtn'3son, aged eltliqn yers, way
vaceinart....q by Mr. Jegart. in the Year ISO r; :494
exhibited till the 'mortis of that disorder. in a
c,.(Frirlete. :thasaiisfattiory wanner. lie stilt rctains
op Iris alit-I.ole charocteri4tiir sear.‘
boy' was taken ill on Sataraay. the.2id da.sts
ciJnost,.. 1811 ; at the period of the attack he 'Wm,
1 v.42(4,41111; Ircint co9gh. •
Coriii,.u:A to be teverish.
Mr. l'egatt was sent
25 (I), rfliv'fever increased, god at night ha be-
(line dehriotAs.

16041, An eruitiion was perceived . chiefly about
,
the twititts,.„, at the Bafilt, Writ. hid eyel,und throat
Ix, le ~Ihtly inflamed. The tever continued.
or 2d thy of 110 eruption, the pustules
itiLte.v;e4, tro as to afford suspicion of the. chicken
ox,,
3d day of the eruption, the pustules increased,
the kver decri.astif.

`Ath. At the close
,of the fourth-44y, Dr. Heber-
&lt first saw this laby, with a 'clairintl. eruption of
ti niotit perfect kind of 'Small Tux,. all pretty uni.
f,rstr in size, well filled with a- fluid already
og, •to sro* • yellowy and- surrounded-by, a rote:
coli)ured • inargin precisely like Eirnail:Pciti of the
:fib d.ty. There were about one hundred pustules
/41, ihe laCe, anti perhaps ksviee as many On- the
finlb,, but the trunk wa alinost free, the features
%ref,: S (Alen ,f lttrot very-.latch 60.
Wtheskin Wlf3
hot 31).0 the I
pn.se
bih- day,. The pustules 'were more puriform and
oirt.e and the patient complained•pf- soleness; and
,
but he wagkcnoier Anil his pulse was quieter.
tith. The fever 11A entirely subsided, and the
Puek,bervii to turn.
Bth. , The pustules were dried and beginning to
laU off from the face. The' buy continued, quite

HiiliEflUZt.

Van NialltAth au.

With rt viow of obtaining the mock acciu-ate know-
" ler.!tv.3, the catty sytnOt6itis of this cast Which did

t

tint edint tinder the inittleetrate obsevatieh of fir.
Eleberiren„ the Board have procured through 'The
favour of Mr. Tegart of Pall Mall, an account of
the eomtneneement and course of the disorder,
which corroborates the above statement, And from
the same source -they have' been infornped, that
Miss Martin and a nursery-maid of Sir H. Martin's
taeoily, who had both 'bear vaccittated were
inoculated Avith matter taken' from Master Martin
on the fifth day of the emption,' and wete exposed
to the contagion/of the Small Pox during the course
of his.disorder, without elfeet.
The Board are of opinion that the .case of the
Hon. Robert Grosvenor was a case of Coniltient
Small Pox. That the attack and progress Of the dis-
Order were attended by' symptoms which almost in.
Variably announce a fatal Termination. But they ob-
serve, that the swelling of the face which is gene-
rally so excessive as to closethe eyes, and is con-
sidered as a tavourable symptom, was slighter than'
usual, that on the tenth day the pustules began to
dry upon the face, and'that froM that time the.
diseased passed with unusual rapidity through the
Period when lite is generally esteetned-to be in the,
greatest hazard.
Those who are acquainted with the nature of
the Confluent Small Pox, are aware that this pecu-
liarity cannot be attributed to the effect of Medical
Treatment.

The case of .fhe son .of Si( Henry Marlin exhibits.
a mild form of distinel Stud{ Pox, occurring after
Vaccination.
In most cases of Small Pox which taus suc-
ceeded to Vaccination the pustules have been
observed to dry. more rapidly, and the disorder' has
concluded at an earlier period, than usual.
If allowance be made for. the relative pericr!s in
which the Confluent and distinct) • Small Pox com-
plele their course; the rapid-progress towards re-
covery thiough the latter stage of Corifliient
Pox, as exhibited in the case of M. Grobveoor,
riiarlie compared with the rapid desiccation of the
Of the pustules in the distinct and peculiarly mild
form of the disorder which is considered as Ssu3.i
Pox modified by Vaceination. Both forms 61 ti.. 2
disorder proceed in the usual .:nurse, thvi 'one attend, +i
with violent., the other with m ld• symptoms.
they arrive near to the height, when they appear to
receive a check, and the recovery is unustially
rapid. •
'From this correspondence of circninstances, the
Board are induced to inlet. that in 11,e case * . lgr.
Grosvenor, which has been more violent than any
yet-submitted, to them, the progress:of, the disease,
through its latter stage, and the consequent
:abate-
ment of symptoms, . were. influenced •by an anti-
rariolous etfct, produced upon the constitution by
the. Vaccine Im:cos.
The occurrence of, Small Pox after VieCination.
Kati been fnre-een and:pointed:Out in the:Reporf on
Vaccination' made to Parliament, by the College of
Physidatth in the year. }3O, to which the Boa.rd
ie cksitous.. of calling the attention of the public;,:
wherein it is stated that,

".The secatity derived' froth Vaccination against
the Small Pox, if not absolutely perttl, is as ne4r-
ly so as On perhaps be expeMed' from any human;
diseoveryi for• aMongst several hut,dred thousand
cases, with the results of which the college •litive
been made acqUainte4, the number of alleged fail.
uses has been surprisingly small, so much so as to:
form cei Ito reasonable objection to the gene-
ral adoption of Vaccination; or it appears thu
there:are not nearly au many failures in a given num-
ber of vaccinated' persons, as there ate deaths in
an equal number at persons inoculatedfur,the Small:
Pox, Nothing can more dearly deinonstr..te the
superiority of Vaceinatien. over the inoculation of
the Small Pox than this consideration; and-it is a
most important fatit, which has been confirmed in
the course of this itrquiryr, that in, almost every case
111 which the Small Pox has succeeded Vaccittol'on,
whether by in9colation or by casual infection, the
dise.tie has. varied much from its ordquity course ;
it his tit:jitter been the same in violence nor 'in the
duration of its syMptoms, btu has, with very te,,,v
ixcepoolis, been rerriltrkably mild, as' the Small
Pot hid b( en deprived by tly.! previous. Vaccine
diso:ise t,f its usual .rnalignity."—Vide Report of
Physicians,
The peculiarities of eertain constituliotis with re-
glint to cat yptive fevers form a curious tkubjett of
Strdic,il History, Bomeindividuals have beetyttiore
than once-Stetted v'vith scarlet tever and measles,
Others have heed throvgh exposed iOjlio Conta-
gion, of•these diSeases without eifeEt ; Many have
' the inoCulation and cOntagitin of Small Pox
fOr several years, and'have afterwards •becotne stis-
ceplible of the disorder, and some have been twice
airetled vitli 'Sthall Pox.

Among such infinite-varieties of temperaMent it
via not app6r extraoidinary, that Vaccination
though' so generally RUccessfal should sometimes
fail of tendeiing the'hunnan constitution onsosimp-
tiblo of Sin-ill Pox, especiAl)., Sint.!e it -has* been
lowa that in -several instances Small Pox' has oc-
curred to individuals overwhOm,the Small PoX ino-
culation bad appeared so have produced its.full in-
'rtiree instances of this kind have taiwn
place, within the last month; and in another :in-
stance the natural Small Pox has occurred a second
thne,

-iThc:;.c:ises the Board t n'w submit to the public
al st recent. illustration of !ha toregoitm assertion,'
which haSlong,been maintained and .supperttid by
credible: evidence.
