THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 1840.

cultivation.

he had the hardihood to desert this creed also, and, on
the faith of a return which Mr. LABOUCHERE had the
previous evening deprived of all value, Lord ASHBUR-
TON asserted that the fluctuations in the price of wheat
had been greater in several other countries he men-
; tioaed than is England. If he had been candid he would
have stated that what are called the fluctuations in
England, are, in fact, averages of the whole of England
in which the communication is free, and import from Scot-
land and Ireland is free, while the averages of the foreign
places, such as Posen, Prussia, Riga, Trieste, are
the averages of very small districts, or even of single
towns. He would farther have said that the market,
in those towns and places, was clearly proved by Mr.
LABOUCHERE to be determined by our market ; and
for this excellent reason—that those places, such as
Posen and Prussia, which he mentioned, do not grow
wheat so much for their own consumption as for the
foreign market, the people in the North of Europe
consuming, generally, rye bread. He would not
even have made the assertion without a qualifica-
tion, had he attended to the tables, for between
1829 and 1838 the average of the fluctuations
by the second return was 33 per cent. in England and
only 27 in Rotterdam. At the same time we must
state that in 1835 the tariff on importing corn into Hol.
land was altered to promote ngriculture, and the duty
now is, according to Dr. BOWRING'S Report on the
German Toll Union, 325. per quarter. Now these
alterations in the Dutch Corn-laws, Holland being
like England a great corn - importing country,
have tended much to cause fluctuations in other
markets ; and if the few last years be struck
from the Dutch, Dantzic, and Memel returns,
particularly the Amsterdam return, it will be
found that the fluctuations before the rise
in the Dutch tariff were not so great as
since. The merchant would be fully aware of
ail these facts, and many more similar ones, and
could ALEXANDER BARING be restored to us, he
would chuckle and simper over the silliness, as well as
profligacy, of Lord ASHBURTON.
Earl RADNOR told the Noble Lord that when a per-
son of his eminence turned so completely round, he must
not be surprised at being put on the qui vice.
Lord ASHBURTON again defended his consistency,
but not apparently to the satisfaction of the Peers, for
the Earl of HADDINGTON rebuked the irregular dis-
cussion.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY again brought the
affairs of the Anglo-Spanish Legion before their Lard-
ships, and provoked a little discussion on the subject,
without eliciting many new facts.
The Marquis of many
gave notice of a mo-
tion concerning the Poor-law Guardians (Ireland), on
the 9th inst. At Half-past Eight their Lordships ad-
journed.
In the Commons, after a great number of petitions
had been presented, Lord J. RUSSELL brought in the
Canada Bill, which was read a first time, and appointed
for a second reading on Monday so'nnight. The Noble
Lord took the opportunity of doing justice to Mr. P.
THOMSON, whose conduct he eulogized very highly,
while he had been misreported and misrepresented as
having said he disagreed with the Governor-General on
the subject of the Clergy Reserves. His Lordship ex-
pressed a hope that it would not be thought desirable to
continue agitation in the colony by counteracting the
wishes of the people to have the Clergy Reserves ques-
tion settled.

Some conversation 'took place on nominating Mr.
CRAWFORD'S Committee on the Opium Question, but
finally the nomination was postponed till to-morrow.
The character of the Committee was objected to as too
Ministerial ; but it was replied that some of the gentle-
men belonging to the Ministerial side of the House ap-
pointed on it, were opposed to the Ministers on the
opium question.
The adjourned debate on the Corn-laws was resumed
by Mr. WODEHOIJSE, who opposed the motion, be-
cause it was a step to further reform.
Mr. Rim!, in a well-considered speech, advocated
going into a Committee, and showed that the law had
not answered the purposes of its makers, who pretended
to prevent the fluctuations which are caused by nature,
and augmented them. The Hon. Gentleman also
showed that with a free corn trade fluctuation had been
less than under the restrictive system.
Lord C. HAMILTON declared that be should oppose
the motion, though he forbore to state on what grounds
he supposed would to be injurious.
Lord MORPETH said the Corn-laws were unwise and
impolitic, and insisted that there was but one way of
putting an end to the agitation on the subject—remov-
ing its cause. He wisely said the laws were at vari-
ance with the scope and designs of Providence, that
is, they are a great practical blasphemy, and
he hoped the day was not distant when freedom of
trade, like personal freedom, would become general.
Mr. GALLY KNIGHT properly said that nothing but
total abolition would satisfy the people, and seemed to
think that to stop the Corn-law robbery was to plunder
the landlords. He found fault with the factory mas-
ters for not governing the country, when the power has
been altogether in the hands of the landowners. He
spoke stoutly against the motion.
Mr. Paymu, after makinr, a careful speech, submit-
ted his amendment of a gradual reduction of the duties
to the House.
Mr. W. DUNCOMBE delivered a speech made up of
quotations, the bearings of which he hardly seemed to
understand. He declared that he would rather have
a free trade than a 7s. fixed duty. So sa) all the
manufacturers and all the labourers. The little rea-
soning he used was based on the supposition that there
was nobody eise in the world than landlords and master
manufacturers, and so he concluded, because the latter
had some protection for their commodities—the former
were entit!ed to levy a tax on the bread of those
who are not master manufacturers. The logic
of the Corn-law men is as bad as their morals.
Mr. CLAY made a good speech for going into a
Committee, and warned the House that it would never
again have such a favourable opportunity of redressing
the wrongs of the people.
The SPEAKER enforced a rule of the House, that a
former debate is not to be referred to in the same
Session against Mr. CLAY, who wished to quote a speech
of Sir R. PEEL'S, in a manner that was universally felt
to be harsh and overstrained. Sir R. PEEL himself did
not object to the passage being quoted, and it was finally
read.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.

Last Week but One of the Season: Change of performance

every Evening.
THIS EVENING, APRIL 3,
Will be acted,
MICHAEL EARLE, THE MANIAC LOVER.

Characters by Messrs. Saville, H. Hughes, :Neville, John-
on, and Smith ; Mrs Vining, Mrs. Day, and Miss Martin

After which the new Drana entitled

THE POCKET BOOK ; OR, THE TWO FAMII lES.
Supported by the entire strength of the Company.
To, conclude with the Historical Drama depicting England in
1664, Ilaibadoes in 1665, Old London in k 66, with a re-
presentation of the Great Fire of London, entitled
THE CITY APPRENTICE ; or, THE THREE LILIES.

Mr. SHAW closed the debate by pretending to set right
what he called a misrepresentation of Mr. VILLIERS',
and quoted some returns which fully confirmed what
that gentleman said.
On the whole the debate was heavy and uninteresting,
and the House was never above half filled. The sub-
ject interests not the Representatives, like a mere party
question. At Twelve o'Clock the debate was again
adjourned.

EIGHTH WEEK.—UNPARALLELED SUCCESS.
NEW STRAND THEATRE.
FORTUNE DIVINING EXTRAORDINARY.
To dive into the mines of futurity, and bring from thence a
knowledge of our after-fate, had never been brought to lwrfee-
tion until the appearance of the wondrous Egyptian Astrologer,
introduced nightly by the WIZARD of the NORTH. This
voystic prestigator of events to come consults his hieroglyphic-
impressed volume, and reads in its occult pages the future for-
tune, of the anxious inquirers.
CARD-SWINDLING DETECTED.

At the meeting of the Anti-Corn-law Delegates
on Wednesday, Mr. GREG noticed the fact, that
before the New Poor-law was passed a great deal of
land did go out of cultivation. He did not add,
because every one must be aware, that the land was
allowed to go out of cultivation, although cultiva-
tion was fostered, as is said, by the Corn-laws.
Since 1815 the country has never been without this
legislative curse; and it is a singular mode of reason-
ing in the Duke of RICHMOND and his comrades,
to conclude, because the land went out of cultiva-
tion under the Corn-law, that it would go out
of cultivation were that vile law abolished.
Reasoning from analogies, or from one period, or
from one country to another, when circumstances
are different, though the same words be used or
preserved at both periods or places, is proverbially
dargerous; and we shall prove, to the satisfaction of
our readers we hope, that the case of land going
out of cultivation were the Corn-laws abolished, be-
cause it went out of cultivation at a time when the
Corn-law was in existence, is not an exception to
the general rule.
Mr. GREG justly observed that the farmers could
not cultivate their land and pay rent and rates.
Since the period when the land went out of culti-
vation the Poor-law has been amended. The sum
of 2,000,0001. a .year has been struck off the poor-
rates, and the deduction of that sum alone might
render it possible to cultivate land with a profit in
1841, which could not be cultivated in 1822 or
1831.

In the present time, when so many unwary victims are hourly
and daily lured on to wretchedness and indigence, by the insi-
dious wiles of treacherous and dexterous gamblers, it behoves
every one to visit the Wiza-d of the North, and witness his
expose of the celebrated " Sauter la Coup," which has been
the ruin of so many unfortunate individuals, but which the
Wizard now lays open to the world in so plain and simple a man-
ner, that after his expose an infant may detect a cheat. The
Wizard's success has been so tremendous, that to accommodate
the immense criwds who visit his performances, he has been
induced to enlarge the coxes. lie will open his arcanic
repository
- THIS EVENING, A van 3, 1840.

Doors open at half-past Six ; commence at half-past Seven ;
and terminate at Eleven.—Boxes, 2s. 6d., S',eind Price;
Is. 6d. ; Pit, Is. 6d., Second Price Is..

Hlfffi \TATETI. AT LONDON BRIDC•E TO-14011ROW.
Morlifrg l7 minutes atter 31 Evening 35 minutes after a

The Publication of the Evening Edition of THE SL com.

msneed at 15 minutes after Three.

4,014' kt. 4
.s 1;71.
4343;\
sor:y
41'
.4
• -• •

\iC l 11
in+

LONDON:
FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 1840.

The Lords possess a great advantage over the Com
aeons, in being still enabled to discusspetitions,
iightly„therefore, talk about the Corn-law s. i,his and
is
a sore subject for the Peers, and last night the Earl of
HARDWI#E, on presenting petitions from Cambridge-
shire, called their Lordships' attention to two from
agricultural labourers, who stated that they were now
earning from 16s. to 18s. a week. We should like to
see these happy wealthy labourers brought to be ex-
amined at the bar of the House of Commons. If the
Earl of HARDWICKE will send them to the Delegates,
we can assure them that their examination shall be
duly entered into and fully reported in The Sun.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM is ashamed of having
had it imputed to him that he had said that 9s. a week
was good payment for a labourer. He denied that he
had ever said so, and wished the labourer to get as much
as he could. Why not, then, allow him to buy his bread
at the cheapest market , instead of compelling him to pay
the
Duke of BUCKINGHAM a tax on every loaf he con-
sumes over and above its natural price ?
The Marquis of WESTMINSTER properly and gal-
lantly reminded the old London merchant, ALEXANDER
BARING, of his change in
opinion,° which the great land-
lord defended. It is extremely unfortunate for Lord A sx-
BURTON that his opinionsa merchant and a land-
lord square at both times with his p resumed interest, at
demo the ractice of Lord
which we find no fault, but weA esannisnot too aeverly con-
p
who make their interest-born ot:hiun:loTLwthane
d others
basis of
f
laws, and so consecrate
directs wealth into their pockets, l'kut a formerdwhich
period Lord ASHBURTON was the man to quote
the prices in Holland, and to demonstratefrom
heir regularity the advantages of free trade. Last night

The abolition of the Corn-laws, too, would com-
pel a reduction of rent, to what amount
added to
pretend
not to calculate; but that reduction, auued to the
C
other, would allow of land being cultivated that was
suffered to go out of cultivation under the rn-
c
laws, 'which made high rents be demanded. It
must be recollected that the advantages to the culti-
vator would not be confined merely to that sum
which the farmer paid less ; for the effect of paying
high rents is to cause an increase of prices gene-
rally, somewhat greater than the rent, to cover the
interest of the advance, and the interest on the ca-
pital employed in cultivation, which is raised in
nominal value by high rent ; and this reduction,
showing itself in lessened expense of cultivation,
would be so great, that land thrown out of cultiva-
tion under the Corn-law might be profitably and
prosperously cultivated were that law swept from
the Statute Book.

The effect of that law has been, and is,
to
the farmers promise to pay more rent than they a
make
enabled to pay. Hence, in fertile years we conti-
nuallyre hear of the bountiful landlords and the boun-
tiful tithe lords making large deductions. But the
promise to pay, though payment be not actually
made, the expectation of having a high price, in-
duces the farmer to spend more money in cultiva-
tion than he would if he had no such promise.
The law prevents frugality, prevents economy of
labour, prevents useful inventions to lessen the
cost
of cultivation, and so the Corn-law makes

cultivation unprofitable, and throws land out of

But, moreover, the great impediment to cultiva-
tion is the rates to which the land is liable, and
on this point a great advantage will result from the
abolition of the Coin-law. With a Corn-law,
trade is hampered, enterprise is checked, communi-
cation is impeded, population is cut down. With-
out a Corn-law, population, sure of obtaining a
supply of food, advances rapidly, creating an in-
creasing demand for food, and so preventing land
from going out of cultivation ; communication is
promoted and wealth spread ; the growth of towns
carries off the surplus population of the country ;
trade extends and requites more hands ; and enter-
' prise, cheered with a hope of reward, is continually
devising new employments and new means of ga-
thering wealth. In short, under a law which
cuts down population, all is sluggish, and even
deadly ; without a Corn-law, all is stirring, active,
and full of life. Demand extends, and the land, in-
stead of going out of cultivation, as our opponents
assert,would come more and more into cultivation, and
more employment would be found on the land for
the people as well as in the towns. The bugaboo,
then, that the land would go out of cultivation were
the Corn-laws abolished, because it went out of
cultivation while they were in existence, ought not
for one moment to influence the Legislature to
continue what is grossly unjust. The evils of the
Corn-law—she cutting down the population—are
certain and unavoi,lable ; the predicted evils of
abolishing them exist only in the imagination of in-
terested men, and never would be realised. Why,
then, should we submit to a great present calamity,
because the avaricious landlords threaten us, if we
do not, with a similar, but by no means a greater,
calamity hereafter ?
Whether our observations be correct, or not the
reader will readily infer, from the completely opposite
views which are taken by the different parties of
what will he the results of abolishing the Corn-
laws, that no one can really tell. Those results
lie in the future, and can only be imagined. Over
the future the imagination has boundless power, and
no certainty and no agreement will ever be obtained
by considering it. The hardy assertion of one will
be met by the hardy assertion of another. Let us,
therefore, discard such reasoning ; let us be just,
and fear not. Justice demands that the rich and
idle landlords should not tax the bread of the in-
dustrious poor. Justice requires that the Corn-laws
be abolished.

corn

THE ART OF COINING EXEMPLIFIED.
The resignation of Ministers, which we announced in
our Second Edition yesterday evening, as a rumour cur-
rent in the City, has proved incorrect. Certain, however,
it is, that several considerations conspired to give credi-
bility to such a statement. We may instance the f-icts—
that Consols rose suddenly ono-eighth per cent., without
any other reason being assigned than the report alluded to
—that the Lrivee, which had been ordered for yesterday,
was countermanded at a late hour on Tuesday night, even
after the Gazette of that evening had been published—
that a full Cabinet Council, of nearly two hours' dura-
tion, was held at the private residence of Lord John Rus-
sell yesterday afternoon—and, finally, that not a member
of the Cabinet was to be seen in the House of Commons
last night, until Mr. Villiers had nearly completed his
three-and-a-half hours' speech. Taking these undeniable
facts into account, together with the postponement of the
motion of the Hon. Member for Wolverhampton on the
Corn-laws on Tuesday evening, and the well-known dis-
cordant opinions of Ministers upon that question, we
admit that we thought it not improbable such an event
might have taken place, though we had no time, at the
late hour the report reached us, to satisfy ourselves re-
specting its accuracy. Thus much we have deemed it
right to say, in justification of the course we adopted in
giving the rumour currency in our Second Edition,—

Standard.
Here we may see the whole process of concocting
a lie. A rumour is said to prevail in the City—
the Consols rise (a considerable sum was perhaps
bought)—Lord J. RUSSELL is absent from the
House of Commons (on account of illness), which
compels a Cabinet Council to be held at his
house—something must be in the wind. "We
wish to see the Whigs out," says the Standard,
and forth goes the stamped and minted lie to the
ever-gulled readers of the Standard, that the Mi-
nisters have resigned. Imagination is a very ser-
viceable faculty, but we submit to our Contempo-
rary that its suggestions should be kept in their
place of ornaments, and not be called facts, and
made the substance of an article.

-
The Church is throwing off all disguis , and
hoisting the black flag of persecution for the sake
of pelf. The Bishops legislate—to wit, the Corn-
laws and the Canada Clergy Reserves—for pelf, and
the inferior Clergy and their friends write for pelf.
For pelf—their craft being endangered—they are
recommending persecution ; and for pelf, if they be
not resisted, they will soon restore a domestic in-
quisition into opinions that will be more intolerable
than ever was the Inquisition in Spain.
In the Quarterly Review, No. 130, just pub-
lished, there is a long article on Socialism, which
is intended to terrify the moderate and timid part of
the community into a more complete submission to
the priesthood, so that they may be still farther en-
riched, and receive additional power to vex and
harass their neighbours. The Quarterly Review
boldly lays it down that the " Church is impove-
rished." " She has no means of sending out more
labourers." " She wants," as Mr. M'NEILE said,
" a nursery for the clergy ; at present we have none."
" The Universities," richly as they are endowed,
and destined as they are wholly for the Church,
" give general education, and a very imperfect out-
line (they cannot do more) of the rudiments of
theology. But we want seminaries which shall
create a body of men who may be most useful to
the Church, without having been able to incur the
necessary expense of a University education."
" We want clergy, a whole army of clergy, suffi-
cient to act regularly, consistently, efficaciously, on
the millions who depend on them." " We must
have colleges of clergy established throughout the
land." Such are some of the demands of the
Quarterly Review. The impoverished Church
cannot raise these additional armies of scattered
and collegiate priests, and the State must be called
en to provide the funds. The sum of all is—give
more money and more power to the priesthood.
These descriptions, let us observe, of the imper-
fections of the Church, by its own friends, warrant
and confirm all that her enemies have said of
her. That she is the most richly endowed and least
efficient of all the Christian Churches is the accu-
sation of her enemies ; and these numerous com-
plaints, by her friends, of her Universities—of her
defective education—of her want of useful priests,
justify all the accusations of her opponents as to
her inefficiency, though the Reviewer refers it to
her poverty rather than her wealth.
When an additional army of priests has been le.
vied, therfollowing are samples, according to the
Quarterly Review, of what they are to do The
Church is to raise up more boldly than ever its his-
torical testimony to the fact of a revelation, and to
the definiteness of the revelation itself," as if both
were now doubted within the Church, and not
boldly announced by the clergy. " It is to have no
concern with, minds without its pale." " The priests
are to listen to no suggestion—to read no books—
to attend no meetings—to abstain from polluting
themselves by any communication whatever with
infidels and blasphemers." How then are
the poor infidels to be converted or reformed ?
Punishment," answers the Quarterly Review,
" is the only form by which a Christian can
recognize them, and punishment by the law
of the land." The poor infidel, therefore,
who lives here without the cheering hope of salva-
tion, who, according to the priests, is placed even
beyond GOD'S redeeming grace, for he believes not
as they believe—and they declare that wanting
such a belief " a man shall be surely damned—"is,
in addition to his privation here and his punish-
ment hereafter, to be punished for his misfortunes.
Luckily for the infidels and blasphemers, their
number is now sufficiently great to compel respect
from the law, though the rabidness of the priest-
hood would deny it. The Socialists throughout
the article are described as infidels and blas-
phemers, and they are compared to murderers. It
is asked, " It a set of murderers had formed a con-
gress at Birmingham, would the Government pro-
secute them, or say that to prosecute a murderer
only encouraged murder--only brought him into
notice ? Yet murder is merely injury to man—
blasphemy is insult to GOD, and murder of the worst
kind—of man's spirit as well as of his body." That
is applied to the Socialists, and then it is suited that

When fully examined, indeed, the excuse of the
Standard is found to be little more than a tissue of

mis-statements made after the detection to excuse the
falsehood. Mr. VILLIERS, for example, did not
complete his three hours and a half speech till half-
past eight o'clock, while the second edition of the
Standard was published before seven o'clock ; it
could not, therefore, at the hour of publication,
know of the non-appearance of the Ministers in
the House of Commons, which it assigned last

night as the ground on which it believed the false-
hood it published the night before. The same is
true of the Cabinet Council, the existence of which
the Standard, we are sure, first learnt from the
Court Circular yesterday morning, and knew no-
thing of it when it published the news of the Mi-
nisters having resigned. It falsely, however, as-
signs its knowledge of this fact as a justification of
the lie it told on Wednesday evening. So the
...Standard daily publishes falsehoods, and afterwards
fabricates other falsehoods to justify or defend
them. The perscns who read it must be fond of
falsehood, and it is therefore very properly called
the " Parsons' Journal."

The Non-intrusion mania in Scotland seems to
be on the decline. Like other fevers, it worked
itself up to the point of maximum violence, and
during the paroxysms incident to this state, multi-
tudes of vehement orations were delivered, and
petitions got up. Great excitement, however, can-
not last long, and if a re-action has not taken place,
the stage of exhaustion is on the approach.
A great proportion of the non-intrusionists are,
we believe, the mere dupes of a few cunning men
in the Kirk, who use the character they have
obtained for godliness as a cloak to their designs.
These men have perambulated the country, as mis-
sionaries of Non-intrusion, and have had art enough
to excite a temporary clamour for an alteration in
the law of patronage from the more hot-headed of
the people. On the strength of this manifestation
of an artificial zeal kindled by themselves, they have
been pressing the Government to interfere and
sanction the Veto Act, well knowing that if they
did not strike the iron while it was hot, there was
no chance of success. The Government has wisely
adopted a cautious policy--a sort of Fabian war-
fare—with the fanatical party in the Kirk. It has
not interfered, nor, we apprehend, will is interfere
in the dispute. It will say to the Vetoist clergy,
‘. You have been the sole cause of all the mischief
of which you complain, and you have the remedy
in your own hands. The Veto Act was not called
for—you had no power to make such a law—it is
the acknowledged source of the evil. Repeal it
and all will be well again."

The Madrid papers received are of the 25th ult
The debate on the Address continued, but its length
was only exceeded by its dulness. Not a point of any
interest was mooted by any of the speakers. Sir
ARTHUR ASTON, British Ambassador to the Court of
Madrid, passed through Iron on his way to the capital.
He was greeted with the discharge of several pieces of
ordnance, and the Authorities presented him with a
congratulatory address.
The Carlists are organizing another revolt in the
Basque Provinces.

date :---

Owenism is only a specks of Dissent.'" Nay,
" Dissent" is said to be Socialism, and nothing but
" Dissent pushed to its:legitimate consequences.
Being only a species of Dissent, the Dissenters
being the parents of Mr. OWEN'S disciples, being
classed with infidels and blasphemers, are, one
and all, therefore—Methodists, Baptists, and In-
dependents—threatened with punishment. In the
multitude of Dissenters those who are called infidels
and blasphemers by the Quarterly Review will
find protection.
At present the Church receives by law a very large
share of our annual produce. We say our annual
produce, though it does not seem to be sufficiently
known, nor always recollected, that all which is
annually consumed is annually produced, and that,
consequently, the priests have not a loaf to eat nor
a coat to wear that is not created by the annual
labour of the community. Their right to have the
bread and the cloth is not a natural right, it is con-
feired on them by law. In this respect the
income of the priesthood is diflerent from that
of most classes. The State may protect the mer-
chant or hanker—the farmer or manufacturer—
the fisherman or the weaver, in the enjoyment of
the produce of his labour, to which he has a
natural right, but it bestows on the priesthood
what they possess, and it takes what it bestows
from the produce of other men. It violates their
natural right to constitute the legal rights of the
priesthood. That is the fact. According to the
showing of the Quarterly Review, the natural
rights of the people are now not enough violated,
and though the priesthood already possess an enor-
mous mass of wealth, they require more. How
they are to employ this additional share of our an-
nual produce, to which the Legislature is expected
to give them a title, the Quarterly Review shall
explain.
The educated classes, which include of course
all the priesthood, and all those whom they can
influence, being men of property, are to dismiss
every man from their service, or from their employ-
ment, who goes to hear the Socialists discourse.
As Socialism is only a species of Dissent, and Dis-
sent the parent of Socialism, whoever goes to hear
a Dissenter preach will fall under the same ban.

Tue TIMERS Cabinet is threatened with a most em-
btbaerracsis,
bi
en
ro toifo
Deputies
eaerp;v
uh
ti
icel
bi sy ti‘o
it.CDE
tr oEuti
yf o r
forward
u n
fo
It rei Vscwehreasimal
kibl
nee sro,wofna ou
three-fourths
er ofec-of
ontushi
rsettbto's
f2po2uf 1
b,
ihcoe rf
.Au"
ecomir
iyob
nepirlaCirri te.ovsy.t,
th
of pensioners of the Crown, and of jobbers in places and
appointments. These p, rsons are ever real ,to vote as
the Court may direct, and when they manifest any th rig
like patriotism, such as in the question of NEMOURS'
Rotation Bill, it is merely a spurt to prevent a dissolu-
tion of the Legislature, which sould send them back to
their constituents, cud so endanger their places, or it is
an attempt to stifle the cry of Electoral Reform by en•
abling their supporters among the middle classes to ex-
claim on all occasions, pointing to the solitary economical
vote, " What stronger proof is required than this of
the perfection of our Electoral system ? What would
ODILLoN BARROT and his friends have more than a
Chamber which, in its jealous watchfulness of the
people's interests, denies even to the son of the KING a
pension to support the collateral dignity of the Crown?"
Well, to pacify the Representation the Liberals
brought forward during the SounT Administration a
motion declaring State pensioners and
.holders of a
ffi number of public offices ineligible to seats in the Cham- I
be! of Deputies. The MOLE section, or Tory party, 1
being then in the ascendant, promptly rejected the pro-
position. But having no longer the distribution of the
State patronage in their hands, they . have entirely
changed their opinions. They are now for a pure re-
presentation for the time to come, at the same time
taking care of what the rogues themselves have
made vested interests. For this purpose their
chosen organ, M. DE RESULTS, 13 to bring
forward a motion declaring Members of the
,r;hamber incapable of being promoted t.o any
o.cfice, rank, or employment, or to receive any
salary frnm the Crown while sitting in the Chamber,. or
for one year after. This motion the Ultra-L.ilicralsl or
extreme left, cannot vote against without being guilty
of the grossest ,nconaistencv, and if they unite with the
" 221" T
-HIERs oust be left in a minority. Were
but true to himself he would at once adopt it,
and thus for ever destroy the tyranny of the middle
class monopolists by m tans of their present represen-
tatives. In reality he you'd lose very few votes
.by
the measure, as those who new support him from in-
teres.ted motives would continue to support him for
consistency's sake when they •
found that nothing could
be gained by deserting him. The measure, too, instead
of retarding would accelerate the progress of Electoral
Reform, without which M. 'DOERS can never give to
the legitimate advantage France
v
July.
There is rico Foreign or Domestic news of interest in
the French Journals of Wednesday. Contradictory
rumours from the Eatit appear in most of their columns,
but they state nothin g new on the subject. In Egypt
preparations. for war continue, while Russia increases.
her immense military force on the Turkish frontier.
A. letter from Const4 ntinople, dated I lth March, in the
Leipsig Universal Ga,:ette, gives the following nens:—
" Very remarkable events are preparing here, which

In Ireland the Protestant landlords turn Catholics however improbable they may appear, are so far advanced I THE
off their estates ; in England the priests of the Es- that their roaFty can no longor be doubted. Nothing less is in .
contemplation than an offensive campaign of the Russian •
tablished Church already practise exclusive dealing , j and Turkish army against Ibrahim Noire. A Russian
to a great extent ; only allow them, therefore, to corps of 30 000 men has long been assembled in the pr., -
get more power and more wealth, and they will vdiii,itereicotfs;
provisionsErivan , an„„dntdhaemPmorutneithils collected in the frorr i t-r
have the means of extending such conduct,
.this corps, in cat, it
should enter Asia Minor. This corps, it is said, will !orm
and persecuting every man who does not pretend, ''
the h. ft wing of the army which is going to attack the de-
m, least, to believe as they believe. . files of Diabeker, which are occupied by Ibrahim, and to
The priests too, thus enriched, and thus enabled force the Egyptian General either to give battle
to become persecutors in every relation of private or to retre4t
d into
main o
toS yrit c
Syria.
ol,f.st,.lbrahim should at-
" solemn excommunication of die tempt a cote de by mare' -
life, are to add the
ingtrough the defile of Tsc 13 iftccli a n to Kon.all,
Church." 'file people are to be reminded " that tbe Turksr assembled. near Karputh would oppose. with the
the Church has within her power a fountain of aid of timber Russian corps of 30,000 brought from Se-
spiritual blessings which she can open and shut, hastopol. It is said that Tat:zrs brought on th,7 7th -f
and she is to use this power in order to terrify the Alarcn the news of the arrival oF the Russ,ans at Erzerentn."
people. Well did Mr. INPNETLE, in his last lee-
whTicihietbAusstriiln Observer publishes a sort o! lac'ress
ItahecaTusue,dkit.,-)hbNe ree:din the Council of State
Lure, warn his . hearers against Ecclesiastical of the Porte On Year's Day by Iteschid
claiming in such a fountain of spiritual Pilch. It is a complete imitation of the speeches of the
tyranny,
blessings a supernatural power over the mind, in i Crown in use in all the Constitutional States of Europe,
order to reduce it to superstitious slavery. That is and it even contains the hackneyed phrase concerning the
r,surn rices of friendship, received from Foreign Powers
what the priesthood of the English Church are now le
I;,am:tierce.
bent on perforininii, and the article of the Quarterly
WATR.—PAKIS, WN EDESDAYv Aran. 1.
Review from which' we have quoted these phrases, 7 irf.t. Highest L0v...,t I.ast
shows that they will stop short of no aits, and spare Price Price. Price. Price
French 5 per Cents tl:3 40 ... 113 t 5 .., 113 40 ... 1 3 s'l
no means, however dishonest or tyrannical, to so- 4 per Cents
3 per t-tints B3 40 .• 143 55 ... 8i 40 ... 83 55
',./11Sh it. I sink o. erance ..... ..... .., 3170 ...3.7.-t ...3170 „..11175
Lattitte Bask I,ooot. Si; lrtis ...10555 —.1165 ...I 65
.5,000 f. SA 5190 ...5190 —.5190 _5lOl
Pclgian Bank 865 ... B's... 850 ... 8.!5
5 i-er Cents
United States Bank Loan
Spanish Active Ol4 ... •.:91/4 ... 2,34 ... k87.:1
- Passive 7% ••• 7% ••• 71,4 ... .'%
New Lid-erre:l
Neapolitan
Roman ls'4 ... 104 ... 104 ... 164
RAILWAY SHARES.
qt. Germain
Versailles, It. B 555 ••• 5571 ... 555 ... 555
L.*-13 375 ... 375 ... 375 ... 275
Orleans ..
gon(vellier to Cette 357 50 ... 357 50 ... 357 50 ... 357 50
s ra'nurg to Bale 387 50 ... 390 ... 587 50 ... 384 75
Hulhausen to Thann ... 490 ... 49) ... 490 ... 490

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY, T WELVE 0' CLO CK.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, THURSDAY.—The `ales
of this day are 4,500 bales at yesterday's prices, chiefly for
home use; a very flat market.

We have received Montreal Papers this morning eight
days later than the last arrivals.
,COMMERCIAL.—The Bank of Montreal (which is the
only Bank in the city that has taken the notes of all the
Chartered Banks in Upper Canada, for a considerable
time past, in deposit) yesterday declined taking them in Coto.
It is a matter of astonishment to us that the Governor
General, as a man of business, has not yet tried to regu-
late the currency between this and the Upper Province.
The subject, however, has probably never been brought
before his Excellency in a tangible form. If such is the
case, were our merchents, who are more immediately con-
nected with the Upper 4..; an dd a trade to memorialize him
prior to his summoning the Special Council, some
remedy mittht be effected.
The Buffalo Journal, of the 4th inst., says—" By letters
from Toronto we are gratified to learn that pecuniary
affairs in the province are brightening. Heavy orders for
wheat and flour have been sent into our teeming West.
The demand for exchange on New York for remittances
for this subject has been and is so extensive as to have in-
duced the Bank of Upper Canada to raise their rates for
ten days sight drafts on New York to five per cent. This
is good news for our farmers.
It is with deep regret we perform the painful task of an•
nouncing to our readers the irreparable loss which the pra-
vince has sustained by the death of Andrew Stewart, Esq.,
her Majesty's ,elicitor-General, which took place on
21st instant.

GOVERNMENT OFFICE, TORONTO, FEB. 12. —llia Ex-
cellency, the Governor-General bas been pleased to make
the foil Jwing appoktments until her INlajesty's pleasure
shall be known :—" Christopher A. Hugerman,
to be Judge in the Cuurt of the Quetn's Bench ; the Hun.
William H. Draper to be Attorney-General; and Robert
Baldwin, Esq , to be Solicitor•Ge.neral."
We have received Quebec papers to the 25th February.

We have received the Journal of Antwerp, of yesterday's

" EXCHANGE OF AMSTERDAM, MARCH 31.—The Na-
tional Funds continue without any change, but a great deal
of business was don,' in Integrals, owing to the settlement
of the Account this day. The fall at Antwerp paralyzed
the rise of Saturday's prices from London. Ardoin's
Spanish continues per cent. lowcr.

Last evening was a scene of peculiar splendour. The in-
terior of the vast mansion was most brilliantly illuminated.
The apartments thrown open were:-Ist, the great statue
g..llery ; 2d, the library; 34, 4i.h, and sth, the spacious
drauing-rocms; 6, h and 7th, the Noble Lord's sitting-
reorfis ; sod Bth, the banqueting-hall
The ball took pl.ice in the picture gaiter, where an ele-
orchestra had bean fittei up with muslin draperies-
crnanieutcd alai flowers anti the Royal initials " V."
zi,l" A."

The 17.,) al supper was served in one of the drawing-
rooms, which was appropriately and tastefully decorated
for the pure- ,e. Covers weie laid for twenty eigiit.
Three: other apartmc nti were amply supplied with deli-
cncies for the rest of the company.

Her Majesty alai Prince Albe;-t arrived at half past ten
o'clock. Lady Lansdowne met her Majesty at the entrance
hall, when the Queen threw her arms round her Lady-
ship's neck, and kissed her with great affection. The
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess
Augusta and ivl.:ry of Cambridge, and the Duke of Sus-
s :x. accompanied b: the Duchess of Liverness, arrived
soon after. Their Royal Highnesses were also received
by the Noble host ai.d hostess on alighting from tneir
carriages. The Royal carriages were ordered to be in
readinev at one o'clock, about which time Ooze illustrious
personages retired.
Among the general company were—
The French Ambassador, the Ministers from Sweden,
Holland, America, Bavaria, Saxony, Denmark, Austria,
Hanover.

Dukes—Wellington, Buccleuch, Devonshire, Beaufort,
Norfolk, Roxburghe, Somerset.
Duchesses—Northumberland, Buccleuch, Roxburghe,
Beaufort, Somerset, Inverness.
Marquises—Anglesey, Normanbv, Tavistock, Thomond,
Douro, Londonderry, Ailesbury, Westmeath, Northamp-
ton, 'Westminster, Chaudos.
Marchionesses—Londonderry, Douro, Winchester, Nor-
manby, Thomond, Ailesbury.
Earls—Albemarle, Cardigan, llchester, Jersey, Fal-
mouth, De Grey, Rosebery, Lichfield, Verularn, Kinnoul,
Uxbridge, Cawdor, Burlington, Chesterfield, Tankerville,
Aberdeen, Zetland, Clare, Listowell, Essex, Darlington,
De la Warr, Charlevilie, Shaftesbury, Wilton.
And a great number of Lords, Ladies, and other fashion-
ables, for whose names we have not space.
The exterior was illuminated by Bude lights, placed at
an elevation in front of the mansion;l;so as to diffuse their
radiance to a considerable extent. Her Majesty was de-
lighted with the spectacle, and waited some time, on alight-
ing- from her carriage, to view the scene around.

THE WIZARD OF THE NORTH

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sia,—lt is with exceeding regret that I have perused
particulars of an accident which occurred to Monsieur Buck,
the self-styled Wizard of the West, on Tuesday evening last,
at the Queen's Theatre, Tottenham-street, in consequence
of a failure in that which he styles his celebrated guntrick.
The account having got into extensive circulation, I con-
ceive it likely to militate against the patronage I have hi.
therto received from the public. I beg leave to assert to
the public that there is in my method of performing the
gun delusion no danger to the audience, to the party firing,
,r to myself, and yet the mystery is impenetrable. In the
particulars given it is stated that the person who fired at
Monsieur Buck observed that he had had a shot at me.
Very likely ; a great many persons have fired at me, per-
haps he among the number ; but Monsieur Buck is muti-
lated, lam uninjured. And now, in answer to the adver-
tisement put forth by the proprietor of the Queen's
Theatre. It is therein stated that there is danger in the
way in which it is performed by Monsieur Buck.
Why is there danger? In justification of myself,
sgainst the observations in the aforesaid advertisement, I
niw explain why there is danger. The old way of doing the
gun-trick is pursued by Mons. Buck, which is the dexte-
ronsty substituting for the leaden bullet (before it is placed
in the gun), a composition ball, which is converted to powder
by iho impact attic ramrod The component parts of this
ball are quicksilver and ttin filings, in proper proportions,
together with a definite quantity of gunpowder, to make the
amalgam explode. This admixture, it appears, was not
fully understood by Mons. Buck, and the consequences has
been, that from its not exploding, he has been severely
wounded by receiving the compost in his face, and this
compost was quite sufficient to cause the mutilation and
perforation of the scene, without the insertion of anything
else in the gun. The advertisement goes on to state, that
the person who fired at Mons. Back has asserted, that he
has discovered my system. If he had done so, I should have
heard of it ere this. I know no danger, I fear no danger, I
dread not detection. I have stated to the public that the
principle of performing this delusion is my original inven-
tion. It is so, and its prevailing beauty is, that it is unat-
tended with a shadow of a likelihood of perilous cnse-
quences. Trusting you will insert this in my justification,
I remain, Sir, yours,
H. ANDERSON,
The Wizard of the North.

THE GREAT TEMPERANCE

MOVEMENT IN DUBLIN.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlN—The Dublin Papers contain deteils of the extra-
ordinary proceedings of Monday and Tuesday. I have
now the pleasing duty to inform you that each succeeding
day adds to the intensity of the interest which the progress
of this stupendous moral phenomenon excites among all
classes of the community.
The Rev. Theobald Mathew seems to acquire fresh
vigour every succeeding day ; notwithstanding the exces-
sive fatigue which he has endured, and the immense multi-
tudes to whom he administers the pledge during the last
two days, of which I furnished you with outlines, he is this
day at the good work as fresh as ever, and, although the
day is exceedingly wet, the multitude of persons around
him and receiving the pledge equal either of:the preceding
days. As soon as he shall finish his labours here, he will
visit London.—l am, Sir, your obedient servant.
Dublin, April.

The Duke of Richmond has returned to Good.
sood, Sussex, where the Duchess and family have resided
during the absence of his Grace in town, in attendance to his
Parliamentary duties.
Lord Carew arrived at Castleborough, Wexford,
in the early part of the past week, his Lordship having come
ft om Paris on the intelligence of the destruction of his splendid
mansion by fire reaching him. His Lordship stayed only a few
days at the above seat, and then proceeded to his delightful villa
at Woodstown. The Noble Lord will shortly rejoin his family
in the above capital.
The Earl and Countess of Wicklow, and the
Ladies Howard, were to have left Shelton Abbey, Arklow, on
Monday last, for town. The Noble Earl intended to be in town
before the Irish Municipal Bill was brought forward for second
reading in the House of Lords.
The departure of Prince Esterhazy for London
is definitively fixed. The Prince will set out from Venice im-
mediately after Easter.
MARRIAGE [N HIGH LIFE.—On Wednesday
:ast, at. Baxterly Church, near Cheltenham, Louisa, Countess
~f Kintore, was led to the hymeneal altar by N. B. Arnold,
.0.1. D., son of the Rev. C. Arnold, Incumbent of Meltor and
Langho, Lancashire. _ _

DEATH OF CAPTAIN DICKSON, R.N. C.B.
—We have to announce the demise of this gallant officer, one
r the heroes of Navarino und3r Admiral Sir Edward Codring.
on. Captain Dickinson was Knight of St. Anne of Russia,
the Legion of Honour, and other foreign orders, conferred on
him for his brilliant services. His post commission bears date
May 13, )821.
_ _

The late Dr. Murdoch, of Versailles, whose
death was announced in our paper of yesterday, has left cause
for regret among a numerous circle of friends, by whom he
was greatly beloved, and among whom his memory will long
be cherished. 'this gentleman, who was a native of Scotiand
cane originally into France to pursue his medical studies in
the hospitals of Paris, and was much esteemed and protected
by Baron Larrey, to whose kind interference he owed the privi-
lege of not being sent to the depot of English prisoners in 1803.
During the invasion of France, in 1814, Dr. Murdoch gave his
gratuitous services to the French hopitals on the line of ope-
rations between Strasburg and Paris, and he was to have re-
ceived the cross of the Legion of Honour, but was prevented by
the Emperor's abdication. Ever since the peace Dr. Murdoch
resided constantly at Versailles.— Galignani of the Ist.
How to pay the Rent was produced at the
Haymarket Theatre last night. It is full of fun, and as
well received. At the close of the curtain a tew hire
true, were heard, but they probably came from s-01 "'"
ne unfor-
tunate lodging-house keepers, who had been stiff
aers and were
sore.

A
BRUSSELS, APRIL 1.--A seizure of jewellery
and trinkets, of the value of about 200,000 francs, has just
been made, belonging to one of the principal goldsmiths of
Paris, who lodged in the British Hotel in this city. These ar-
ticles had not the Belgian stamp, and had been smuggled into
Belgium.
FARNHOUT, MARCH 29.—1 n the night of
the 28th, a band of smugglers, of fifteen or twenty men, was
attacked by the custom-house officers, who seized eight bales
containing calicoes, white handkerchiefs, &c., valued at 1,650
francs.
BERLIN, MARCH 22.—Count Medem, Rus-
sian Charge d'Affaires in Paris, is appointed Ambassador at
Sttetgard. M. Van Kisseleff, Counsellor of Legation, is re-
moved !from London to Paris. Count Goririeff, Russian Am-
bassador at Naples (and not Count Czernitcheff, the Minister of
War), is now spoken of as likely to succeed Baron Tatischef
as Russian Minister at the Court of Vienna.
LUDLOW ELECTION PETITION.--Tile Com-
mittee to try the merits in allegations of this petition assembled
on Wednesday • Mr. Sanford in the chair. Mr. Serjeant
Mereweather and Mr. Austin appeared in support of the peti-
tion, and Mr. Cockburn and Mr. Talbot for the sitting
Member. The petition complained of illegal votes being
placed on the poll, and of bribing and treating by the sitting
Member or his agents. The Chairman annommea the follow-
ing resolution :—" Resolved, that the Committee do not ex-
pect Counsel for the petitions against the ret'arn to state the
fact respecting the individual cases of bribery which he intends
to bring forward merely with a view of invalidating individual
votes, but they do expect that, with respect to the case of
bribery which it is intended to bring forward to Mr. Alcock
or
his agents, the Counsel will state the names of the electors
bribed, and when and where the payment took place, but with-
out further particulars. In the same manner the Committee
would expect that a statement should now be made of any facts
directly inculpating Mr. Aleock or his agents under the head of
treating." The Committee adjourned.
BOW-STREET.—Yesterday, an elderly woman,
named Sarah Stokes, who keeps a print shop at 57, Wych-
street, appeared before Mr. Jardine, to answer a complaint pre-
erred against her at the instance of the Society for the Suppres-
sion of Vice, for having unlaw fully exposed, or caused to be ex-
posed, a certain print, entitled the Duke of Queensbury and
the French Milliner, for sale in her shop window—to which, she
pleaded guilty. Mr. Clarkson, the Barrister, and Mr. Pritchare
Solicitor to the &hie; y, appeared for the prosecuti-" and
Adolphus for the defence, Atter the Learned., counsel had
conferred together for a short time, Mr. Solwas
authorised to say that the Society would br4 satisfied wits a no-
miral punishment, with the distinct,
undinstending that on
another conviction, the defendant should he punished as an
incorrigible rogue and vagabnd. The cif -feud ant promised
never to offend ag.dn, and tr, Magistrate then sentenced her
to be committed to hard liwWur for one day.
