ORAT()RY OF MR. SHERIDAN.

(From the Edinburgh Ilevino.)
Though his education had not been neglected (for he was
bred at Harrow, and with Dr. Parr), yet was an idle and
a listless boy, learning as little as possible, and suffering as
much wretchedness—an avowal which to the end of his life
he never ceased to make, and to make in a very affecting
manner. Accordingly, he brought away from school a very
slender provision of classical learning, and his taste, never
correct or chaste, was wholly formed by acquaintance with
the English poets and dramatists, and perhaps a few of our
more ordinary prose writers ; for in no other language
could he read with an) thing approaching to ease. Of those
poets he most professed to admire and to have studied Dry-
den ; he plainly had most studied Pope, whom he always vili-
fied and always imitated. But of dramatists his passsion
evidently was Congreve, and after him Vanbrugh, Farquhar,
even Wycherly ; all of whom served for the model, partly
even for the magazine, of his own dramatic writings, as
Pope did of his verses. The Duenna, however, is formed
after the fashion of Gay, of whom it falls further short
than The School for Scandal does of Congreve. That his
plays were great productions for any age, astonishing for
a youth of twenty-three and twenty-five, is unquestionable.
Johnson has accounted for the phenomenon of Congreve,
at a still earlier period of life, showing so much knowledge
of the world, by observing that, on a close examination,
his dialogues cud characters might have been gathered
from books, " without much actual commerce with man-
kind." The same can hardly be said of The School for
Scandal, but the author wrote it when he was five years
older than Congreve had been at the date of The Old
Bachelor.

Thus, with an ample share of literary and dramatic re-
putation, but not certainly of the kind most auspicious for
a statesman—with a most slender provision of knowledge
at all likely to be useful in political affairs—with a posi-
tion by birth and profession little suited to command the
respect of the most aristocratic country in Europe—the
son of an actor, the manager himself of a theatre—he
came into that Parliament which eas enlighted by the
vast and various knowledge, as well as fortified and
adorned by the more choice literary fame, of a Burke, and
which owned the sway of consummate orators like Fox
and Pitt. His first effort was unambitious, and it was
unsuccessful. Aiming at but a low flight, he failed in
that humble attempt. An experienced Judge, Woodfall,
told him "it would never do," and counselled him to seek
again the more congenial atmosphere of Drury-lane. But
he was resolved that it should do ; he had taken his part ;
and, as he felt the matter was in him, he vowed not to desist
till "he brought it out." What he wanted in acquired
learning and in natural quickness, he made up by indefati-
gable industry ; within given limits, towards a present ob-
jset, no labour could daunt him ; and no man could work
for a season with more steady and unwearied application.
By constant practice in small matters, or before private
Committees, by diligent attendance upon all debates, by
habitual intercourse with all dealers in political wares,
from the chiefs of parties and their more refined cote-
ries to the providers of daily discussion for the public
and the chronicles of Parliamentary speeches, he trained
himself to a facility of speaking absolutely essential to all
but first-rate genius, and all but necessary even to that,
and he acquired what acquaintance with the science of po-
litics he ever possessed or his speeches ever betrayed. He
rose by these steps to the rank of afirst-rate speaker, and as
great a debater as a want of readiness and need for pre-
paration would permit. He had some qualities which led
him to this rank, and which only required the habit of
speech to bring out into successful exhibition—a warm ima-
gination, though more prone to repeat with variations the
combinations of others, or to combine anew their creations,
than to bring forth original productions—a fierce, daunt-
less spirit of attack—a familiarity, acquired from his dra-
matic studies, with the feelings of the heart and the ways
to touch its chords—a facility of epigram and point, the
yet more direct gift of the same theatrical apprenticeship
—an excellent manner, not unconnected with that expe-
rience—and a depth of voice which perfectly suited the
tone of his declamation, be it invective, or be it descrip-
tive, or be it impassioned. His wit, derived from the same
source, or sharpened by the same previous habits, was emi-
nently brilliant, and almost always successful : it was like
all his speaking exceedingly prepared, but it was skilfully
introduced and happily applied ; and it was well mingled
also with humour, occasionally descending to farce. Hoyt
little it was the inspiration of the moment all men were
aware who knew his habits ; but a singular proof of this
was presented by Mr. Moore, when he came to write his
life ; for we there find given to the world the secret note-
books of this famous wit ; and can trace the jokes, in erne
bryo, with which he had so often made the walls of St.
Stephen's shake, in a merriment excited by the happy ap-
pearanee of sudden unpremeditated effusion.
The adroitness with which he turned to account susiciers
occasions of popular excitement, and often at the expense
of the Whig party, generally too indifferent to such ad-
vantages, and too insensible to the damage they thus sus•
tained in public estimation, is well known. On the mu-
tiny in the fleet he was beyond all question right ; ors
the French invasicn, and on the attacks upon Napoleon,
he was almost as certainly wrong ; but these appeals to the
people and to the national feelings of the House tended to.
make the orator well received, if they added little to the
statesman's reputation ; and of the latter character be
was not ambitious. His most celebrated speech was
certainly the one upon the " Begum charge" in the pro-
ceedings against Hastings, and nothing can exceed
the accounts left us of its unprecedented success..
Not only the practice, then first began, which has gra-
dually increased till it greets every good speech, of
cheering, on the speaker resuming his seat ; but the
Mi-
nister bysought the House to adjourn the decision of the
question, as being incapacitated from forming a just
judgment under the influence of such powerful eloquence ;
whilst all men on all sides vied with each other in extol-
ling so wonderful a performance. Neverthelqps, the opi-
nion has now become greatly prevalent that a portion of
this success was owing to the speech having so greatly
surpassed all the speaker's former efforts ; to the extreme
interest of the topics which the subject naturally presented,
and to the artist-like elaboration and beautiful delivery of
certain fine passages, rather than to the merits of the whole.
Certain it is, that the repetition of great part of it, pre-
sented in the short-hand notes of the speech on the same
charge in Westminster-hall, disappoints every reader who
has heard of the success which attended the earlier effort.
In truth, Mr. Sheridan's taste was very far from being
chaste, or even moderately correct ; he delighted in gaudy
figures ; he was attracted by glare, and eared not whether
the brilliancy came from tinsel or gold, from the broken
glass or the pure diamond ; he overlaid his thoughts with
epigrammatic diction ; he " played to the galleries," and
indulged them, of course, with an endless succession
of claptrap. His worst passages by far were those
which he evidently preferred himself—full of imagery
often far-fetched, oftener gorgeous, and loaded with
point, that drew the attention of the hearer away from
the thoughts to the words ; and his best by far were
those where be declaimed, with his deep clear voice,
though somewhat thick utterance, with a fierce defi-
ance of some adversary, or an unappeasable vengeance
against some oppressive act ; or reasoned rapidly, in the
like tone upon some plain matter of fact, or exposed as
plainly to homely ridicule some puerile sophism ; and in all
this his admirable manner was aided by an eye singularly
piercing, and a countenance which, though coarse, and
even in some features gross, was vet animated and ex-
pressive, and could easily assume the figure of both rage,
and menace, and scorn. The few sentences with which
he thrilled the house on the liberty of the Press in 1810
were worth, perhaps, more than all his elaborated epi-
grams and forced flowers on the Begum charge, or all
his denunciations of Napoleon, " whose morning orisons
and evening prayers are for the conquest of England,
whether he bends to the God of Battles, or worships
the Goddess of Reason :" certainly far better than
such pictures of his power as his having " thrones for
his watch-towers, kings for his sentinels, and for the pa-
lisades of his castle spectres stuck with crowns." " Give
them," said he in 1810, and in a far higher strain
of eloquence, " a corrupt House of Lords ; give them
a venal House of Commons ; give them a tyrannical
Prince ; give them a truckling Court, and let me but have
an unfettered Press, I will defy them to encroach a hair's-
breadth upon the liberties of England." Of all his speeches
there can be little doubt that the most powerful, as the
most chaste, was his reply in 1805, upon the motion which
he had made for repealing the Defence Act. Mr. Pitt
had unwarily thrown out a sneer at his support of Mr. Ad-
dington,_ as though it was insidious. Such a stone, cast boy..
glass, could not fail to call down a shower of miss.: pane
a person whose house, on that aspect, was on
es , and
they who witnessed the looks and gestures
of the aggressor,
under the pitiless pelting of the temp
pro-
voked, represent it as certain that there
he intended to fasten a personal quarrel upon the
vehement and implacable declaimer.
* Mr. Sheridan wrote this speech,
tempest
which he had
re were moments
it the debate, at a
coffee-house near the Hall ; and p
s- e- h
reported most accurately
in the Parliamentary Debates,
apparently fromhis own notes.

A very hto agedher
existencetve nt y,
ono
Thursday morning, by
young
put an woman,
end
the name of Elizabeth
by swallowing arsenic. She has been very
treatedil by a Mr. Thomas Noakes, who was paying his ad-
dressesl
to her, and who was in the habit of robbing and se-
verely kicking her. The poor girl had been prevented from
handsome
Rowe, y, ot
throwing herself off Southwark-bridge, and had been twice
recovered from the effects of laudanum, but her lest attempt
on Thursday was too successful. The verdict of the Coroner's,
Inquest was, " that she had destroyed herself while in a state
of mental derangement, and that her death was attributable to
to the misconduct and cruel treatment of the said Thomas
Noakes."

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JO URN ALS. I Lord John Russell's Liverpool harangue—and his seep- 1
tieisen tenet dis:epocer I In that speech. the Noble Lord
We have copied from the Liverpool Albion sucli a brief ! (Ices not venture to en:seal to any set of prineWes reeeg-
outline of the proceedings at the dinner given to Load John nixed by nny political party in the state. Tile Ilorne Seers- i
Russell at the Town-ball, Liverpool, as that journal was tary and his Colleagues are, evidently, abroad. They can
only enabled to give, no reporters having been admitted. perceive, within the range of their horizon, no resting-
The absence of reporters on this occasion is the more to be places for the soles of their feet. The waters have shown
regretted, that it appears Lord John Russell in his speech no signs of subsiding ; and the Irish ark, in which they
alluded to the ineetiogs which for some time have been have hitherto floated, is felt by them to be no longer sea-
taking place throughout the country in a manner calculated worthy. Lord John, in fact, dares not refer to the past,
to produce the best effects. Whatever may be the designs or to the principles which he has been in the habit of ex-
of some of the leaders at these meetings, and however ob- pounding at his annual intcrsessional displays. He dares
jectionable may be the language uttered by some of the not refer to those principles, or the pledges which he was
speakers, so long as no positive infraction of the law takes wont to associate with them—for the principles, he has
place, this can afford no justification of preventing the peo- abandoned, and the pledges, he has coolly violated. Nor
pie from giving expression to their opinions and feelings. dares his Lordship to advert to the futurepolicy of the Cabi-
" There were acme, perhaps," said his Lordship, " who net, to which he belongs—for that policy is not yet decided
would put down such meetings. But such was not his on. It will be Conservative—or Whiggish—or Radical—
opinion, nor that of the Government with which he acted. as circumstances may render the one or the other species of
He thought the people had a right to free discussion. It was policy moat conducive to the personal interests of the pre-
free discussion which elicited truth. They had a 'right to sent occupants of office. But to the optics of the men at the
meet. If they bad grievances, they had a right to declare helm, all is, asyet, haze and uncertainty. The landmarks of
them, that they might be known and redressed. If they had Whig self-interest are not yet sufficiently defined. Before
no grievances, common sense would speedily come to the
Parliament shall meet, Lord John and his friends may be
rescue, and put an end to these meetings. It was not from
free discussion, it was not from the unchecireed declaration of furnished with better means than they now possess, of
public opinion, that governments had anything to fear. There guessing towards what latitudes it may be safe to steer.
was fear when men were driven by force to secret combine- If not, they will commence their sessional course on the
tions. There was the fear—there was the danger, and not old, and approved system of tacking—and place their
in free discussion. He then alluded, with the greatest saris.- trust, as in times past, in the beautiful chapter of acci-
faction, to the reduction of the item of secret service money, dents ! Let any one compare the topics touched on by
which had been effected since he entered the Home.office, the Home Secretary, at Liverpool, last week; with tho, ~
and concluded a most effective speech, by expressing a hope on which he was wont, periodically, to wax magniloquent
that much would soon be done to raise the people, in a
moral point of view, by an enlightened and religious in the west ofEnglandLand proof will be supplied, of the
nature of the doubts and
misgivings
which now hold his
education."
Lordship in thraldom. At Bristol, and "in the country
It was observed by a foreign political writer that the
round about" he has been in the habit, for several years
great superiority of the English mode of governing over
past, of enlarging on the high-principled policy of the
that of the Continent consisted in this, that the former
allowed every man to say what he thought, and never in-
Government to which he is attached. He has eli-
terfered till the peace of society was actually disturbed ; fated, on each occasion, on the triumphs in behalf of
liberty, which he and his colleagues have achieved.
whereas the latter, under the pretext of preventing mis-
Re has, periodically, mimicked the accents, with which
chief, deprived men of the power of communicating with
each other in public, and by driving them to secret corn-
Lord Brougham—when the chief dispenser of Whig
an the joyfent of 14,00/er
binations thereby withheld from Governments the very best
ton
e,
of public mon d ey—madeul therecipi air vocal with 0
t
he Apraisesannum
of
means of becoming acquainted with the circnmstances that
Whigeery. In the days to which we allude Lord John,
it most imports them to know. One important fact is al
ways lost sight of by alarmists, that the instinct of self- after ascending to the height of his great argument as to
preservation leads all men who have anything to lose to what his party had done, could venture to take his stand.on
the " finality of the Reform Bill"—and launch his sneers
rally round authority when the peace of the country
is 'threatened. In the language of philosophers, the at the supporters of " the Ballot." Those days, however,
re-action is equal to the action. Lord John Rus- have passed away ; and, in his Liverpool speech, Lord
sell thinks on this subject as a British statesman ought John Russell did not presume to claim for his party the
to think. Had the people assembled at any of the great slightest portion of merit, either on the ground of what
meetings been interfered with, the consequence would no they had done—or of what they meant to do ! The Home
doubt have been immense irritation, and the generation of Secretary talked, it will be perceived, of the Liverpool im-
the most rancorous feelings. A foolish statesman would provements—of the spread of railroads—of the de-
have adopted a different course, and prevented Mr.
sirableness of !national education—of the diminution
i
Oastlsr, the Rev. Mr. Stevens, and Mr. Feargusn the amount of the secret service money—end
O'Connor from descending to their natural level. There of the expediency of avoiding, on an occasion like that
were not wanting Peers to urge on Lord Melbourne the on which he spoke, all reference to political questions.
Having thus kid down the inexpediency of political albs-
necessity of adopting measures against some of the more
violent pouters at these meetings. But be had too much sions, Lord John, in the genuine spirit of Whig logic,
good sense to commit any such blunder. He knew, as he plunged headlong, forthwith, into the subject of the
said, that even those who were the loudest at the time to late Radical '° demonstrations" throughout the country !
condemn the violence of the speakers objected to, are af We will venture to indicate a few of the topics,
terwards apt to forget the speakers and to sympathise with which might have been adduced in illustration of the
the parties prosecuted. Who is there who would refuse to ministerial policy at home and abroad—but to which,
allow that the interference with the people assembled at Lord John did not deem it fitting to advert. His
rers,
rns as Wh
Lord-
Manchester, in 1819, was a pure piece of tyranny on the
ship did not direct the attention of his hea
part of the Magistrates ? None of the parties present on spout era are so fond of doing, to the g eneral p p eritig y"
that occasion had the slightest idea of disturbing the peace. of the country. Not a bubble speculation imparts a little
The presence of females connected with the parties was a feverish stimulus to trade—but some Ministerial orator, or
sufficient guarantee of their intentions. In those days, scribbler, may be found to place the result to the credit of
of the Government ! On the
too, no person ever ventured to talk of arming the people,
the liberal principles
Whig-worn theme of " general prosperity," however, Lord
orused such violent language as we have heard of late.
This proves the sup.eriority of the system of Government John was, discreetly, mute. His Lordship, moreover, did
in 1838 to that of 1819. But yet we are quite satisfied not seek to illustrate the beauties of our foreign policy by
that if Tories were now in power, and attempts were made reference to the relative conditions of Turkey, Egypt, and
to-disperse forcibl Persia, on the one side, and of Russia, on the other ;—nor
y the meetings held throughout the coon- there any waste of Cabinet eloquence as to the proud
try br force, we should have addresses to the Throne from
many of the Magistrates, and nearly all the parsons, as in attitude which this country had assumed relatively to the
great Northern Power, in the affair of the Vixen. The
1819, approving of the violence.—Morning Chronicle.
A glance at the proceedings now in progress through-
same self-denying taciturnity, which left our foreign policy
out the United Kingdom, must demonstrate to the most
unillustrated, threw its shadow over our various colonial
cursory observer that the pressure about to be brought to
relations. Lord John did not claim the credit, which belones
to his colleagues, and to their ally, Joseph Hume, relative
bear on the next Session of Parliament will necessarily
to the late glorious, though ill-starred attempt in Canada,
exercise a paramount influence upon its proceedings. The
on the part of Papineau and his associates to " throw
conflict of Whigs and Tories is no longer the object of
off the baleful domination of the mother country ;"...._
pdblic anxiety, the interest of the nation is now engrossed,
nor yet, did his Lordship place, in that prominent light,
nit by the struggles of factions, but by the mighty moral
combination which the people are arraying against those to which they deserve, the various movements of Lord Our-
whom their government has been so lop confided,
is the grand confided, and b ham, since he assumed vice-regal power—movements,
whom it hasy
which bid fair to effect more than Papineau and his pol-
object to which public attention now directs itself.
troons dreamed of attempting. The slave question, too—
The conflict of party is now brought to a conclusion, why (lid Lord John keep silence on that interesting theme?
The boast of his Lordship's party used to be, that they
and that of principle approaches its commencement.
had struck his fetter, from the limbs of the negro I Why
The time is most critical. Great responsibility devolves
were not the Liverpool admirers of Home-office eloquence
upon the leaders of public opinion, and on those who
favored with the recital of the strenuous efforts of the
press forward the action of popular feeling. Impressed
Liberal” Ministry during the last session, to lessen the
with the force of this responsibility, we are especially
duration of the period of negro slavery, and to secure the
anxious that the circumstances of the time should be con-
honest equivalent for twenty millions of sovereigns? Why,
sidered with equal calmness and impartiality by those
above all, were the blessings which Ireland has secured,
within the Legislature and by those without, and that the
through the continuance of Whig domination, carefully
one party should refrain from perverse opposition to those
kept out of view? Did Lord Jelin fear to contradict the
claims to which the people are justly entitled, and that
the other should not urge upon the Legislature theoretical statement of his master Dan—that "if the Whigs went
out of office to-morrow, Ireland would be in a worse situa-
speculations, which are not only impossible of consumma-
tion than that in which they found her !" Be the cause of
Lion, but even, if possible, would prove as injurious, or
this ominous silence what it might, of the fact there can be
even more injurious, to the national welfare than the most
stringent adherence to existing institutions, supported as no doubt, that Lord John was mute on the blessings to be
expected from Irish Municipal Reform—and mute, more-
they are by antiquated prejudices and unjust usurpations
of popular rights. With the strong conviction of the force over, on that tempting theme, the magnanimity displayed
of these opinions, we are desirous that each party should by himself and his friends, in the matter of the appro-
be judged by its intrinsic merit ; but our primary rule of priation clause ! But Lord John did dilate, as we have
action must ever continue to be the will of the people.— stated, on one political theme—the recent Radical " de-
Morning Advertiser. monstrations." In reference to these meetings, he ob-
Itserved that many persons might be disposed to recommend
would appear from an official article in the Gbbe the suppression by force of all such attempts at agitation ;
of last night that a plan for embodying under one federal but for his own part, and in behalf of his colleagues, he
Union the British provinces in North America is under declared, that such meetings were a necessary consequence
consideration. The following is the outline traced by our of the " right of free discussion." The world, by this
Contemporary : time, knows pretty well the value which the Whigs attach
" It is said that the plan concluded on, and which is to be to the popular right of free discussion ;—and, therefore,
submitted to the British Parliament, is, that each province is
few persons will fail, instinctively to feel that, under this
to retain its own local legislature for the purposes of merely
Upper pretended regard for free discussion, lurks some le fsrence
local government ; that the Legislative Council or Up
l g pa y.
Chamber of each province is to be abolished ; but that to the to the possib e self-interest of the Whi art The
Governor and Lieutenant- Governor of each province, aided Whigs, in truth, do not know to what shifts they may
by an Executive Council of five Members, all Bills passed by not be reduced, after the rapidly-approaching period of
the local AsEemblY are to be submitted for revision, and, their expulsion from office. It may suit them, perhaps,
if [hey think necessary, to suggest alterations and addi- within twelve months from this time, to put them-
tions, bet not to possess the power of rejection ; the selves at the head of the Radical " demonstrations"
Governor
to possess a veto on all Bills as at pre- that are yet in embryo. Lord John Russell may,
sent. A General Assembly formed of ten Members from each at ro distant date, be found figuring on the hustings
province is to legislate fur all purposes of general govern- in Palace-yard, demanding; Hous-ehold, or perhaps, Uni-
ment, and on all matters in which two or more. of the pro-
serial Suffrage, and Vote by Ballot. He and his
vinces are concerned ; this assembly to be also a Court of Ap-
eal from the local assemblies, and to possess the sam fellow-conspirators talked, in the spring of 1833, of
p powers as have been hitherto exercised by the British Perlis_e " stopping the supplies." Let the alternatives proposed to
ment or Privy Conecl in all matters relating to the provinces this asserter of " the finality of reform" be—Universal
which have been submitted to them. The GoY,rnor-General Suffrage, or perpetual exclusion from place ; and Universal
to possess the same powers with regard to Bills passed by the Suffrage would lose many of the horrors, with which the
General Assembly as the Governors of the provinces have in vision of his Lordship now clothes it ! In certaia very
their local assemblies—Quebec, Montreal, and Halifax, to possiblei events, therefore, a declaration now against half-
send two Members each to the General Assembly, to be in- =lion meetings (such at least there have been—if there
eluded in the ten Members returnable by their province, and be faith in radical arithsne:ic) might be found incona saint
the same privilege to be enjoyed by all towns when their
to the present tenant of the Home-office, and his friends !
population shall amount to one thousand person'. Each local
Legislature to have controul over its own revenue, and to tie- But the amount of secret service money, we are assured,
termine on the salary of its Governor, Judges, and other civil has lessened since the Whigs have been permitted to dis-
officers." horse it ! We incline to dispute the aceurscy of the state-
This plan is evidently founded on the principle which mint ; but as we have not before us, at the present moment
.the means of pronouncing a decided judgment on the
sustains the United States of America. The idea of
sub-
centralc Government for the general good, and of local pet, we are content to letthe assertion pass without positive
overnment for the special exigencies of each State is challenge. We wihl, however, observe, that if the case
clearlyattention
onf Washington origin. It is not the lees worthy of be precisely as Lord John Russell describes it—still,
on that account, and provided the controul of the little has been done towards establishing the claims of
kingly Government at home be amply provided for, it may the Whigs to superior purity in the administration
strengthen and not. diminish our influence in the colonies. of affairs. If . less of secret service money be in
We of course do not mean to give a decided opinion truth, dietrlbuted now, than formerly, the means cf
on a matter of such grave import wi!hout further open, unblushing corruption have, at all events, bees
inquiry. We speak in the mostemployed by the " reforming" administration, to an
especially as there are many local interests4autloifibed mannereconsulted, extent, at least twenty-fold greater, than the most pro-
and as the best plan on paper is often not practically good. fi igate of preceding Governments ever venturned to being
We have ever been convinced that the union of Upper and into requisition. Look at the innumerable Commissions,
Lower Canada into one province was a most desirable mee with which the «; rigs
sure, calculated to subdae local irritation and topr!mote‘a- lags have covered the land I What are
all these but jobs—pretexts for extending the influ-
spirit of nationality anti concord between the British anal coca of the rig' party throughout all classes of society,
French inhabitants. But how far it may be prudentrto cx- by means o actual and prospective bribery ? Talk of
tend that principle to all other colonies is a very . itficult secret-service money, indeed I One Whig Commission will,
question, and we should like to hear what are the objections in one year, cost the country as much as the secret-service
to it at Newfoundland, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and list ever did in ten. National
Whate care
education, for instance, was
;—but he
a bbu
tt
oo u
Prinee'Edward's Island. his clear, from the article in the alluded to by Lord John
t Globe, that the Government at home has listened with at- national education ? Not one jo hies Lordshipcarednes about
and that the proposition has been for the Commission, which would, as a matter of course, pre-
some to the plan,
The next arrivals cede the establishment of such a system of education—
fromsome time suggwesiltle
pdrobby
aLbinyrdaffDorudrhfaumrt.h
further information on and which would continue to administer that system, after
the west
It is well worth while receiving
.with patience it had been established I And yet we are .
money
ncoaul lnetde. d onrrh The
gethopwi
ca k .
the subject.. .
re-
all that can be urged, as the sanction of Parliament is ne. joice over the decrease of secret-servicet
Would not the consolida- pockets are merging into bold and well
hoafs
economyl oeen h is
cessary to any final meas.ure.
0 f
Pride tart'. o
ton theb bring
nhga happy
about,ch a
fromng e—
en—and the public is congratulated by the Home SecrYe--
tahechcaonmgeh'inwehdi itchlov e
tion of a British American
superiority?—Morning
?a gmooodrneihngeepkoosin ra
the growth of United States s p .
Lord John Russell
week, at a dinner, which and of •
was entertained, by the Mayor
public morals l—tlforning Herald.
Liverpool, in the Town-hall, last
possessed many of the characteristics of a public one. His
Lordship, of course. regaled the company with a speech—
of which, although the words hare not been
the world. If
professionally
reported, all the topics have been given to
there could be found a person, who up to the present mo-
ment, has remained sceptical as to the great truth—that
our present rulers are utterly destitute of any definite..
principles of action—that their policy is merely the policy
of rubbing on by any means at their disposal—that they
are prepared to prolong their contemptible official existence
by cringing, when it may he necessary, to the Duke of
Wellington, on the one hand, and, on the other, licking
the dust, as occasion may dictate, beneath the feet of
Daniel O'Connell :—if, we aye could be found a
person, labouring up to the close of last session, under
scepticism on these points, let him mark the tone- of

Rosi:in.,Edc PRECISE
districtINFORMATIONITII; Registrar for the
.. called on a poor woman, to demand the
necessary information concerning the birth of chile; ; but
all he could get from her
pig
I"—Cornwall
Gaz‘etillie day after
was, that it was born '
Roseland lately INFORMATION.
Uncle Stephen killed his
, the 10th
cuelt.i,n NAlru. Johne. Law
abstinence
lion, for d, rnonstracit''terchty,
On Monday even'
niter which some' ahtrilic\seitpiOirN
delivered an address onlng
un-iisoerning,ihheodwov e:
act,i
da.*Kl
and exhibited a small still in operation,
saidcon:aot
ierdisrotirl-1
ntcious qualities of malt -l i :LT
were made to the society. N4,„si
though-
was seiz ,d by a supervisor and e
that theseyfuntro
the Excise-oiler'• It is 1;1A justice excise-officer,
tionaries showed the most perfect civility, and
oration having been lodged they were
they did not apprehend that anything serious would follow.—
Fife
Herald.

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1536.

LONDON MARKETS

01'

t iu the;,7,leti-op,lA is led. for the 4R

wa ' -
4 Bread tuay be .:ai, .:s `-,1. -
PRICE OF SEEDS.-Oct. 8.
Fer Cwt. Per Quarter.
New English Red ClorerLo3. 70s. Eis St. Foin 40 443 480
Oil Ditto Ditto -s. -a. -s Rye Grass 22s :303. 345.
-s 123 48s,
New Foreign Ditts .Hs. 653.711 s nee), Grass
Old Ditto Ditto L 403. 60s. Linseed, for feeding...46s 50s -565.
New White Clover 'Os. 635. 705. Ditto, for sewing -s. 503. 563
Old Ditto Ditto. -s. 453. CO3 Ditto, for crushing --8 423. 463.
New Trefoil 'As 20s. 223. Canary --s 665. 70s.
Did Ditto -1. 12s. ^O3. Hemp -s 353. 4Os
tretolium... lOs 12s. 14s Per Bushel
?ogliah Carraway ...... ...-s. 40s. 46;. White Mustard 7s. 9.. d.
Foreign Ditto --s. 40s. 45s Brown Ditto
Coriander -s 101. 12s Tares 4s 6d es Id.
Rapeseed, Engl.!: line :per Last) 3ii. 401. Foreiga 321. 211.
PRICES OF HOPS.-Oct 8.
larnharn Pockets (per cwt.) 0! .os. 71 Os. to 01 Os.
East K.?,i Pockets.
Ditto Bags....
Mid Kent Pockets
Ditto Bags O, us o- 0- to 0 -Os.
Sussex - 124
Yearlings U. Os. 21. 16s to 3/ I'l
Old Olds
Old Duty estimated at 15.5,001.
PRICES OF POTATOES AT SPIT
LFI ELM
- Ware 474 CI. to 6,s (!el. per ton.
Middling 34 Pd. to -s. Od.
Chats Os W. to 30s. Od.
PRICES OF LEATHER
Per lb d. to sl. 1 Per lb d. to Al.
Crop Illdes,3o to 401 b each 11 13 ' Horse Hides, German ...... 10 21
-------10 50 ......... 12 16 --Spanish ...... 12 21
50 60
13
18
dull Hides
Butts, Vitriol - 50 61- ............ .i 7 t,,5
- English - 70 100 ...... . ..... 015 19
---- Foreign
Foreign Hides lO 12 ' - small 2O 21
Dressing Irides
Shaved .... 12 14 , Easils 0 I I
Be,t Saddlers Hides
Horse Hides, English
• If rounded 2d. to 4d per lb more
PRICE OF OIL.
!tape Oil, brown, per ton, 421.0 s -Refined, 441. 10s.-Linseed 011,
Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, ,1000 ,12!. Os -Rape Cake, per ton, 61.1,
PRICE OF RAW FAT, per stone of 815.
Price of Tallow (as stated by the Tallow Melters)
PRICE OF TALLOW, SOAP, Itc per 11215.
Town Tallow 558. 6d. Yellow Soap -s. 0.1
Yellow Russia
White --s. Od. Curd I Od.
map Ditto -s Od. Graves l6s 0:1,
Melting Stuf
Ditto Rough Otis Od.
PRICE OF CANDIES.
- -- • • - • . ..

The price of good Store Candles ir. the Retail Shops is as follms :
Candles, per dozen, is. 6.1. ; inferior, 6s. 6d.—Moulds, 9,9 d.
Sixpence per dozen discount for cash.
COAL MARKET.—Oct. S.
3. a. Per Ton. 1. +!.
ACtair's
Baker's Main
, -i's ilartley
Ch -tn.: r m.,in
Leaze's Main
Original Windsor Pontep
,io Winds,>'
Russell's High Main '2o 6 Walls End Adelaide 24 0
• ~:(1 Moor 23 3 WAlls End Barrett 24 0
Townley 2O 6 Walls End Cragwood O, n
51.:111
cvails Fnd Bell and Brown
Walls End Gosfarth 23 9 Ditto Steam l 6
-•,:ois itlnd Heaton 2l 6 I Walls End Gordon' 23 9
Walls Elul Hilda ............ 2:3 3 Walli. End South D,irham -24 0
Walls End Hotspur
walls End Killingworth
Walls End N,wmarch ,3 0 vvalls i'lrid West Hetton ...... 23 6
Walls End No,rhumberland :3 it Walls End West lees
Walls End Percy_Bensham... 43 :3 Graigols Handpicked
sA•alls Eid Riddell's
Todd's Bensham 2O 6 Staveley Main
Walls End Braddyll's Hetton 24 9 ,
Ship. ariive,4 sine,

Per Ton.

!ast market-day. 142.

--
VENETIAN JUSTICE.—There was formerly a law
in Venice by which all the goods in the chamber of the de-
cea ed became the property of the Priest who attended him in
his last mom:nts. It so happened, on one occasion, a man
died possessed of a considerable fortune in bills, bonds,
notes, &e., which he kept in a portfolio under his pillow,
which on his decease !Wm& Cure proceeded while the body
was still warm to appropriate to himeelf. This the heir na-
turally resisted, and kicked the Priest down stairs. The Cure
immediately preferred a complaint to the Inquisition. The
Holy Fathers ordered the off:nder to pay a fine of ten francs !
and declared that in future if any one should dare to push his
irreverence so far as to kill the Priest, he should be fined
t s enty After this decision few persons attempted to enforce
so ticklish a law.

A serious accident occurred -at Eastbourne this week
to Sir R. Baker, who, while enjoying himself with the beauty
of the scenery around, sat down on a rail, placed to defend
the watercourse near the terraee, when, after some time (whe-
ther from any slight affection of the head, or from accident,
we cannot say), he fell backward and cut his head and face
very seriously, the watercourse being paved with rough stones,
and the distance he fell being considerably below the road.
Dr. Sinnock, who lives on the spot, gave his' assistance
promp'ly, and the gentleman is considered to be doing very
well. Another accident happened here a few days ago. Two
ladies belonging to the family of Lady Tufton were out airing
in a carriage driven by a postilion, who was rather too young
for the charge committed to his care, and the road being ob
strueted by a donkey, which was being unladen at a tradesman's
in South-street, the bty was unable to pull up, and the horse
knocked down the donkey and ran over him ; fortunately the
carriage was not overturned, although the horses' knees were
broken, and the ass very much hurt. The ladies, however, as
might naturally be expected, were very much alarmed, and one
w ‘s taken into the New Inn, insensible, being an invalid at the
time, and, we are sorry to learn, that she remains very ill, and
unable to leave her room.—Sussex Express.
The self-styled Radicals of Manchester seem re-
solved, by their folly and violence, to bring Radicalism into
contempt. A meeting was held in the Manor Court Room, on
Monday evening, to form an institution to provide reading.
rooms and lectures for the working classes. But it seems
there had been a meeting elsewhere of the Feilden class of
Radicals, who, flushed with extravagant notions of their own
power, resolved to go in a body and overturn their proceed-
ings. They succeeded in breaking up the meeting by means
not much better than ill-brought-up lads use when they blow
the fumes of assefcetida through a key-hole. It. has been
stated that Mr. Thomas Feilden was a party to this disgrace-
ful irruption of savages, and that his motive was to vent his
s. leen against Mr. Brotherton, who, although an avowed
Radical himself, is not, it seems, out according to the high
Todmorden standard. We know not how far Mr. Feilden
was concerned in the affair; but we know that many who have
observe.' bis late conduct fully believe that he was the insti-
gator cf the outrage. At all events the disgraced actors are
known to be joints of his tail.—Manchester Times.
The Bristol Mercury states that a system of Old
Bailey cross-examinations never hitherto tolerated. has bean
adopted by the Tories, with the view of bullying their fellow-
citizens out of their franchises; and when the irrelevant na-
ture of the mode pursued is objected to, the dictum of the
Mayor is "cross examine in any way you may thnik pro-
per :" the most unfounded imputations are indulged in, and
the Mayor even joins in them, and when the spirit of indig-
nation resists the injustice, he tells the insulted person that
his conduct " will injure his party."
ADELPHI THEATRE—It would appear that this
little theatre is to maintain its character by the nightly enact-
ment of a " seena." On Friday night, after the Bay-aderes
had gone off iith a sprinkling of " the Michaelmas-day remi
niscence," My Grandfather's Will succeeded, and in the
last scene but one of tine first act, Mts. Honey, having left the
stage, kept the audience waiting after the change of scene
until there was a second instalment of " hiss" front the exci-
table part of the house. Mr. Yates then once more came on,
with the shrug which he keeps upon his shoulders for all such
occasions, and spoke a speech much as follows :—" Ladies
and gentlemen,—may I claim your sympathy? and I am
sure I shall have it. lam extremely sorry to inform you
that Mrs. Honey, on leaving the stage and passing by one
of the side wings (cur space being very contracted), had
the misfortune—( Loud cries of "order," and great sensation)
—to upset a bottle of ink 1 over her dress.—( Bursts of
cachinnation.) L. dies and gentlemen—gentlemen particu-
larly! although some symptoms of disapprobation may have
been expressed towards our darker beauties, yet I am sure
Mrs. Honey may claim your indulgence."—( Roars of
laughter and great apslause.) Mrs. Honey subsequently ap-
peared in costume of black velvet—rather an ink-eubus by
the way, upon so slight a figure.
LEIPSIC AND DRESDEN RAILWAYS.—By ad-
vices Irene Leipsic, of Sept. 25, it appears that, in addition to
the f.,rty-one English miles now in operation, there are 22
additional miles of the Leipsic and Dresden Railway finished,
and the rails laid, but the opening of which is retarded by the
wotks of " le grand pont" over the Elbe, and the tunnel at
Oberau. Toese works, however, are nearly completed, and
the whole line from L 'ipsic to Dresden will be openpesdsseinngtehres
spring. We have before adverted to the large amount of
traffic upon the Belgian, French, and other foreign railways,
but that upon the Leipsic and Dresden line certainly excites
astonishment. The following shows the number of
which have been carried upon it in nine days, during the fair
of Leipsic, average being 2,550 per day, or 464 each voy-
age : —Travellers from Dresden and from Leip 15,
six voyages, 4,603 persons; 16th, four voyages, 1,541 per_
sons ; 17th, four voyages, 1,427 persons; 18th, four voyages,
1,690 persons; 19th, five voyages, 1,862 persons; 20th, six
voyages, 1,930 persons ; 21st, four voyages, 1,644 persons ;
22d, four voyages, 1,935 persons; 23d, seven voyages, 3.762
persons; total, nine days, 44 voyages, 20,412 persons —Rail-
way Times.
PUFFING EXTRAORDINARY.—On Saturday last
a baker in Blackfriars-road stuck up an advertisement to the
effect th •t he had just received 1,000 sacks of superior French
fleur, and that in the evening be should be prepared to sell
4,000 four-pound loaves at sevenpence each, the present price
being tenpence, and that he should give back to every pur-
chaser of a loaf a penny. A neighbouring baker at once op-
posed him, and offered to give to every purchaser of three
loaves a threepenny pi: ce of the new coin. The road towards
evening in the neighbourhood of these rival shops was like a
fair. It was impossible to supply the waiting crowds suffi-
ciently fast, and at half-past nine numbers went away exceed-
iegly disapeointed, it having been stated that the whole quell-
toy was sold. It was alleged that this was for a wager of
1,0001 Where will this system of puffing end?
On Saturday last the Charlotte, of this port, having
nearly taken in her whole cargo of coals, the trimmers went
ou board to finish their work. They were six in number, and
on entering the boll, having with them lighted candles, an
explosion of foul air took place, which dreadfully burned the
whole party. On Monday Joseph Lowry, one of the sufferers,
died from the eff•cts of the explosion, and three other men,
now in the hospital, are not expected to sur,ive. The circum-
tance o fsulphuretted hydrogen accumulating in the hold of a
vessel is a very extraordinary fact; it is supposed to have
arisen from the hetchee being down during the night. The
claw received no injury, nor wits the vessel at all damaged by
the explosion.—Sunderland .Beacon,
