or acting Governor for the time being of the said Island of
Trinidad, shall have granted to such priest, minister, or pub-
lic teacher, a license in writing to act as an instructor of slaves
in the said island ; and, unless such license shall be in force,
and have been first registered at the office of the said protector
of slaves. •

X And it isfarther ordered, that no person shall henceforth
be rejected as a witness, or considered as incompetent, to give
evidence in-any court of civil or criminal justice in the said
island, by reason of his or her being in a state of slavery, if the
person or persons producing atethiering him or her as a wit-
ness, shall produce and exhibit to the Court a certificate under
the hand of the said protector and guardian of slaves, that such
proposed witness is registered in the before-mentioned book ;
' and the said protector of slaves shall, and he is hereby required
to grant without fee or reward, to any person making applica.
tion for the same, a certificate of the fact, whether any such
proposed witness is or is not:-registered in the said book ; pro-
vided nevertheless, that no person being in a state of slavery
shall be admitted to give evidence in any civil suit or action in
which his or her owner is directly concerned, or in any case
where any white person may be charged with or prosecuted for
any offence punishable with death; provided also, that nothing.
herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to
render any slave a competent witness in any case in which such
slave would be incompetent to give evidence if he or she were of
free dis Position.
37. And it is hereby further ordered, That the salary of the
protector and guardian of slaves shall by him be taken and re-
ceived in lieu and in full satisfaction of all fees, perquisites of
office, advantages and emoluments whatsoever; and that if the
said protector and guardian of slaves shall take or receive di-
rectly or indirectly any fee, perquisite of office, advantage or
emolument, other than besides his said salary, for or in re-
spect of any act, matter, or thing, done or performed by him
in the execution of such his office, he shall incur and become
liable to the payment of a fine equal to twice the amount of
what he may so receive, and shall moreover become disquali.
fled from holding such his office, •
38. And it is hereby further ordered, that the said protector
and guardian of slaves shall on the first Monday next after the
25th day of December, and on the first Monday next after the
24th day of June in each year, deliver to the Governor or Acting
Governor for the time being of the said island, a report in writ-
ing, exhibiting an account of the manner in which the duties 1
of such his office have been performed during the half year next
preceding the date of such his report, and especially stating the
number of the actions, suits, and prosecutions in which he may
have acted as the protector of any slave or slaves, with the dates
and effect of all the proceedings therein, and the particulars of
all the returns which by virtue of this order may have been
made to him by the commandants of the several quarters within
the said island ; and the names of the persons, if any,
against whom he may have instituted any criminal proses
cations, under and virtue of this order, together ' with a
statement of the names of all slaves who may have been cer-
tified to him as being competent to give evidence in any Court
of Justice, together with the number of licences which may
by him have been granted for the marriag6-of any slaves,
with the number of marriages appearing to have been solemnized
in pursuance thereof, together with the amount of the sums of
money deposited in any Saving Banks in the said Island, to-
gether with a statement of the names of all the slaves manu-
mitted under the authority of this present order.; and the Go-
vernor or Acting Governor for the time being of the said colony
shall thereupon administer to the said protector of slaves an
oath that such report contains a true and accurate statement of
the several matters and things therein referred to; and when
and so soon as the said protector of slaves shall have maths such
his half-yearly report, and shall in manner aforesaid have
been sworn to the truth thereof, then and not. before, the said
Governor or acting Governor shall issue to the said protector
and guardian of slaves, a warrant upon the treasurer of the
said island for the amount of his salary for the half year next
preceding the date 'of such report ; and the said. Governor shall,
and he is hereby required, by the first convenient opportunity,
to transmit such report as aforesaid to his Majesty's Principal
Secretary of State having the department of the colonies.
39. And it is further ordered, That
.if the protector and
guardian of slaves, or any commandant of any quarter in the
said island, or any other person, shall wilfully and fraudulently
make, or cause or procure to be made, any erasure or interlinea-
tion in any of the books, records, or returns hereinbefore re-
required to be made, or shall wilfully falsefy any such books,
records, or returns, or shall wilfully make or cause, or procure
to be made, any false entry in any such book, record, or return,
tlypabrutrn the person or per.
burn,
thereof,cancel, or obliterate the
soar ma, shallo \v
sons so offending shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken
to be guilty of a misdemeanor; and being thereof convicted,
shall suffer such punishment as is hereinafter directed.
or either lYoafntdhe ftma ,Id or alen
any
40. And it is further ordered, That any of the people called`
Quakers, who may be resident in the said island, being
required to take any of the oaths prescribed by this pre-
sent order, may, and they are hereby authorized, to make
their, his, or her solemn affirmation in lieu of such oaths ; and
that any person taking any oath, of being a Quaker, making his
solemn affirmation, under or in pursuance of this order, who
shall be convicted of swearing or affirming falsely, shall incur
and suffer such punishment as by the law of the said island
may be inflicted on any, persons guilty of wilful and corrupt
perjury.
41. And it is hereby further ordered, That any person who
may be convicted of any act hereby declared to be a mistle.
meanor, shall, if of free condition, be and become liable to a
fine not exceeding 5001. and not less than 501. sterling English
money, or to imprisonment for any time not exceeding f.; months,
nor less than one month, or both to fine and imprisonment, at
the discretion of the Court, by which any such person may be
convicted ; and in case any person shall be so convicted of any
cruelty to any slave, the said Court shall, and is hereby au-
thorized, at their discretion, to declare the right and interest of
the person so convicted in and to any such slave to be abso.
lutely forfeited to his. Majesty; and all such offences as afore-
said shall be heard, tried, and inquired of by and before the Court
for criminal prosecutions in the said island, and all such pecuniary
fines as aforesaid, and all other pecuniary fines imposed by this
order, shall be recovered in the said Court, and shall be paid
' and payable in equal moities, one half to his Majesty, and the
remaining half to any person or persons who may commence
any suit or prosecution fot the same. .
42. And be it further ordered, that if any person shall be
twice convicted before any tribunal in the said island, of in-
flicting upon any slave any. cruel or unlawful punishment,
the person so convicted shall, in addition to the penalties herein-
before mentioned, be declared by the Court, before which such
second conviction may take place, absolutely incapable in the
law to be the owner or proprietor, or to act as the manager, over-
seer, or superintendent of any slaves or slave within the said
island ; and all and every the slaves or slave. of which, at the
time of such second conviction, any such person may be the
owner or proprietor, shall thenceforth become, and be absolutely
forfeited to, and vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors.
43. And it is further ordered, That the Governor, or Acting
Governor of the said island, shall, within one month next after
the present order shall be received by him, make known the
same by proclamation throughout the said island : and that the
said order shall be in force in one calendar month next after
the date of such proclamation, and not before.
And the Right Honourable Henry Earl Bathurst, one of his
Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, having the department
of the Colonies, is to give any necessary directions herein. ,

BY THE KING-A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

Whereas it has been represented to us, that the Slaves in
some of our West India Colonies, and of our possessions on the
Continent of South America, have been erroneously led to be-
lieve, that orders had been sent out by us for their emancipa-
tion : And whereas such belief has produced acts of insubordi-
nation, which have excited our highest displeasure: We have
thought tit, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, to
issue this our Royal Proclamation. And we do hereby declare
and make known, that the slave population in our said Colonies
and possessions will be undeserving of our protection if they
shall fail to render entire submission to the laws, as well as
dutiful obedience to their masters. And we hereby charge and
command all our Governors of our said West India Colonies
and possessions, to give the fullest publicity to this our Procla-
mation, and to enforce, by all the legal means in their power,
the punishment of those who may disturb the tranquillity and
peace of our said Colonies and Possessions.
Given at our C.ourt at Carlton-House, this Tenth day of
' March, one thousand eight hundred 'and twenty-four, and
in the Fifth year of our Reign.
GOD SAVE THE KING!

FORTUNE'S FROLICIC ON ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
—The Ticket No. 5299, which had been drawn
a Blank on the First Day of the present Lottery,
was re-drawn Yesterday, and became a Prize of
R 20,200. .We believe there are few of our
Readers who would grumble at such Irish Blanks
as these. The Ticket was Shared by Bisti, and
we hope, in honour of the day and the circum-
stances attending its drawing, that some of the
Shares have been sent to the Sister Kingdom.
Mr. ANGERSTEIN has purchased the elegant
house in St. James's-square, which was the resi-
dence of the late Earl St. GERMANS, The pur-
chase money is said to be 0,0001,
