HUNTON FRIDGE MILLS, HF.RT,S.

rTIHE Public are hereby respntifully iuforined, by
lOSEPI-1 REEVE and STEPHEN ItICfIARD,StrA4
the "trustees and Executors named in the Will of Jr. [awes
Smith, late of Huston Brici,..e, Miller, decea,ed, that thUse
Mills and Premises, which were advertised for Sate by Auc-
tion' by Mr. Edlin, ar the Boar and Castle Inn, Ovorel.,
road, • London,. on iMondal the sth day of Se ..tenibt.r, .30S,
have been Disposed of by private Contrad. Dated this'26th
day of Atigust,, 1808;

To T. TAYLOR, Surgeon►, No. q, New Bridgc-street,
London

•
SIR, - Edinburgh, May 2, 'Roo.
IT the Spring. of 1794 I was afflieted with a
Venereal Complaint, which 1 treated with indicter_
nbut was then obliged to apply to a
eregt
la Physician, months;ysican who-put a temporary sti•p to tile viru-
lence of the Disease (by Mercurial application:;) for some
time; but growing, in spite of all medicine and the advice
of the first Gentlemen of the Faculty here, worse and
worse for two.years, 1 was reduced to a. state • aimost
paralleled and, beyond' description,. being an entire leper,
and uleerated\from head to toot. -Mv !lead, throat, mouth,
nose, legs, arms, ecc. have been alternately in danger of
becoming useless; •in short, I have had from mew,• to
thirty eating ulcers on my body, and nearly totally de-
prived of sight.—lt. would 1-,e voluminous to particula.
rize all my ease—suffice it to say, there never was, or eves
will .be, one of a more dangerous, or of a more compli-
cated nature. I was long looked upon by my friends, and
imagined myselt,. beyond all nopes, of recovery ; and,
in-
deed, in my then condition, death Was preti-rable to' my
more than miserable state. In this itrmdful situation did
I drag a inost• miserable existen, e, rill Divine Providence
threw in my way a Newspaper containing the case of a
Mr. R. ul Plymouth -my trieuds read it, I could
sent and 'procured some of your EAKE's • PATE
;
PI L LS, which, by using from time to time, am now. and
have long been, (after more than tour, years
.indescribable
distress),
of .in as- ood a state of tLalth as ever I enjoyed as a
this, I harta titre, thriving, nealthy cliad,-born to
me a few months ago. In gratitude to God, and in hopes
of rendering my telloi-v-creattiervice, I • request. you to
publish this ;* and you may at any time refer persons- who
wish to be satisfied of the truth of tnis, or further parti-
culars*, to Ow or my friends, by letter or person. •
Astew cases for badness sill ever equal mine, and none
exceed it, I have from experience every reason to assure
mankind, that in. your LEA K E's P ILLS 'they-vill rind a
sure, speeni, safe, and radical 'cure, tin the mos• dread,.
ful sage ot the Venereal Disease, which is called core_
, FIRMED Luas. lotiN TkOMPSON.

• insurmountable family reasons prevent , making my
name and address public ; but creditable persons really
wanting information may also be referred to :ne and my
friends by Mrs. S. Clark, Ramsay-Gardens Edinbuigh.
Vrcpared and Sold by the Sole P wprietor,
T. TAYLOR, Member of the, Royal college of Surgeons

in London, at his house, No. i; New Bridge-street,

Where he will give Advice without a fee, to 'pers.im. tak-
ing these -Pills, and will answer patients letters, it post-
paid, „on the same terms, observine, in all cases the most
inviolable secrec), person's rune or case haviru7, been
mentioncd,.but at their own particular request, by tier l'i'o-
prietor, during the course of more than thirty-six years,
that he has had fly,: concluding of an extensive sale of the
above Medicine, and the pratice arising therefrom. ._
They are also sold gpy his Appointment, ;Or the cony_
nience of those. living at a distance, ,by Mr. Baxter,
South-bridge, E4inburgh; M:. i•rinter, Glas-
gow, to whom also Mr. T. refers tor his address; at the
Pertumer's, No. 35, St. Alban's-street, 11-mall ; Mr
Kobertvit's Toy-shop, No. 103, oxford-street; Mr Dis-
borougt"Ps, No. 7 , isn-street- hill, nearly opposite the M'o-
nument; Mr. Steel's, liookseller, No 1, Union-row, Little
Tower-hill; M,. Bull, Daine-street, Dublin; and by one
person in every considerable town 10 Great-lir:ham - and
Ireland, in "loxes of only As. 9d. caen, sealed up with
fulband plain direCtions, wnereby per.kons of either Sex
may cure themselves with ease and secrecy
N 13. Every libX sold in Greet -Britain is sealej. up
with a Stamp,. on wiaM, by favour of the iumil,,s-
sioners, is • printed, at the Stamp-Olfice--" T. Tayler,
No. 6, New Bridge-street," to imitate which is felony, and
all others are counterfeits.

NIA' LS.
ARAI V ED— T Corunna, 3 Dublin, z W4terfOrti.
1) Gottenburgli, i Malta, s Dublin, 1 Waterford.

Consols --

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT T%VELVE O'CLOCK.
- 661 I R Ann.. 661 Omnium .

THE SUN.

sOLZM Qt. 1.11 DICER.I PAL6Uh4 AUDZAT?

LONDON,

MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1808.

SOM E more,r.etters and Papers' from Holland; of
the date of the 3d instant, have reached tOivn.—
They all concur in stating, that. the war between
Austria and France is inevitable. BUONAPARTE is
cs.lg every possible exertion to collet E'uch a force
,as may enable hlrn to overwhelm Austria. -AU the
unfortunate Princes who have been forced into the
Confederation of the Rhine have been called upon
•
to furnish their contingents, in order to rivet their

own chains, and, perpetuate their ,own slavery. It is
said that the- contingents to be furnished by the
Princes of the Confederation will amount to no less,
than i 20,0013 men. They. will not, we are con-
vinced, bring any thing like such a force into the
field but what is of more importance, BUoNAPARTE
cannot place any reliance upon them, or in' any
way consider them as effeEtive troops. If be should
succeed against Austria, it will be by French, and

not German armies.
The letters 'from Holland mention that accounts
bad been received of JOSEPH BUONAPARTE'S arrival
at Bayonne. They also state, that the Asturian
army, under General DE PONTE', had formed a junc-
tion with the Biscayans, and had advanced to Bilboa.
If this be true, nothing could be more prudent than
JOSEPH'S retreat to Bayonne, because a little delay
might have led to a very unpleasant prolongation of
his residence in Spain, not as.a Sovereign, but as a
prisoner.

We had the pleasure of communicating, On-Satur-
day, the substance of a Telegraphic Dispatch which
had been received at the Admiralty, importing that
the Biscayans had joined their countrymen in the glo-
rious attempt to drive the infamous French Invaders
from the soil of SPain.The chief peopleof t hat Province
had formed thernSelves into a Junta, and had issued a
Manifesto, expressive of their entire concurrence in
the noble determination to support the independence
of their country. it consisted of a spirited appeal
to their loyalty and their patriOtism, and exhorted
them to reverence and imitate the glorious example
of their pr, .lecessors, who had undismayed resisted
the attempts of various -Nations to reduce them to
slavery. The only thing wanted by the Biscayans.
were arms and ammunition, but fortunately the
liberality of the British GovernMent had sent am-
ple supplies', and our aEtive Officers .would
of
coarse lose no time in sending them every thing
capable of giving effe& to their zealous, loyalty
and independent spirit. We expe6,l eVeiritaornent
to receive more particulars ,orr this interesting min-
k.% and shall immediately communicate them to
tie public.

Yesterday morning his MA3ESTY, :Princesses So-
?HIA, AUGUSTA, AMELIA, and MARY, accornpa-
wed by Lord SUDLEY, Lady TIIYNNE, Generals
CARTIATRIGHT and FITZROY, went to St. George's
Chapel, and heard a Sermon preached by .the Rev.
3ilr. RYDER, from the 24th chapter of Ass, 29th
verse, and afterwards rettirned to the. Palace.
Yesterday her Royal Highness the Princess of
WALES gave a grand dinner to the Portnguese Am-
bassador, the Spanish DeptieS,iMr. CANNING, &c.
at her seat at Blackheath.
Yesterday his Royal Highness the Duke of YoaK.
entertained a large party of fashionables with an ele-
gant dinner, at Oatlands.
Yesterday his Royal Highness the Duke of CAM-
P.ninGE-obave a dinner to a sele& party, at his house
on Kew Green.
The Duke of CUIIEERLAND returned to Kew on
Suitt relay from Windior. His Royal Highness
entertained a seleCA party of Military Gentlemen at
dinner.

The Hon. W. W. POLE, Secretary to the Ad-
miralty,arrived in towU on Saturday evening, front 1
Ireland.
The Newfoundland Convoy will sail from Spit- •
head on the 14th of next month.
WILLIAM E. HEPYSS, Esq. is appointed Agent
for Prisoners of War at Halifax.
Capt. IVIOUBRAY is appointed to the Montague;
• :Ind Capt. OTNAy, to the Malta, instead of Capt.
SinFLD, appointed Paying-Cominissioner at Ports-
mouth; Capt. CARDEN is appointed to the Pille de
Paris; Mr. RICHARD HAVES, late AEling Purer of
the San Antonio, to be purser of the Britoniart, at
Depvtord.
.0n Tuesday a Court Martial was held on Lieut.
.1..0. CARTER, jun. of his Majesty's Ship Mon-
mouth, at. Portsmouth, •for clis4-.'speel •to Captain
ZING, and 01i:obedience of orders. The charges
were proved, and he 'was sentenced to'be dismissed'
fiom him Majesty's Ship Monmouth,' and t 6 be put
at the bottorKof the list of Lieutenants.—Sir JOSEPH
YotiKE, Pfk:Sidrnt.
The Furresier Sloop. Captain RICHARDS, at.Ports-
moUth, is under orders,: for Corunna,. Madeira., 'Bar-
badoe3, and Jamaica; and the L'esatuie, Lirtjfet ant
HARRIES, for Gijon. The Forrester has taken on
board 500,000 dollars for Corunna.
• The Canibiidge, Ayis!lire, and several other Re-
giments of Militia, have volunteered their services
to Spain. •

NAVAL NEWS.

From ill., LO! LON G4ZKI7E, Aug. 7,7•

Admiralty-Office, Aug. 27, 1808.

. _
Vice-Admiral Russell has transmitted to the Ho-
nourable William Wellesley
.Pole,. Letters from
Captain Cochrane, of his Majesty's-Ship Alexandria;
and Lieutenant Sir George Mouat, Keith; of the
Redbreast Gun-vessel, stating that, on the 6th and
t ith instant, two Gun-boas,.manned. by detach'
ments from the Alexandria, Rosamond Sloop, and
Redbreast, captured, in the Rivers Jade and Weser,
the.Mosin Danish \Privateer, of one 4-Pounder and
elesen mcn ; and a Dutch Gun-boat, No. 206, car-
rying- one long 18-pounder and two 4-pounders,
with a complement of twenty m.en, commanded by
Lieutenant Henry Meyer; .41 the Ditch Wavy.
The captures were made without any loss on
either side.

- Admiralty-Offite, Aug. '27, 1808.
Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral the Honourable Sir
Alexander Cochrane, K. B. CoMmander in Chief of his
Majesty's Ships and Vessels at the -Leeward Islands, to
the Honourable W. W. Pole, dated on board the
Carlisle. liay, Barbadoes; the 3d of last month.
- -

SIR,
I inclose, for the information of the Lords Com
missiOners of the Admiralty, the Copy of a Letter
from Captain Sanders, of his Majesty's Sloop Bel-
lette, acquainting me with the capture of a Privateer
Schooner.. •
On the lath of May the Morne Fortnn6e also
captured a Letter of Marque Schooner ; and
-L'Eclair, 'on the 20th June, captured a Row Boat
Privateer, named La Franchise, -armed with mus-
ketry, and having on board twenty-three men.
His Majesty's Sloops the Cherub and. Nimrod
have likewise captured La Vaitlante, a French Pri-
vateer Schooner of one gun and twenty men ; and
a Spanish Brig and Schooner, •
I have the honour to be, &c.
. ALEX.
,COCHRANE.

His Majesty's Sloop, Beßette, Barbadoes bearing
SIR, N.W. 7,, Miles, July 2, iBoB.

I have the how= to, inform yon, ,that his Ma-
jesty's Sloop Bellette, under my command, has cap-
tured, after a chase of 12 hours, the French Schooner
Privateer Jalouse, of four guns (t2-pounders), her
coiliplement 75 men.
I am happy to announce this'capiure, as she sails
remarkably fast, arid has done much mischief to the
trade. During this cruize she has taken the Mary
and the Lark, belonging to Halifax, and the Gene-
ral Green, of Surinam*.
1 have the honour to be, Six.

(Signed) GEO. SANDERS.
The Hon. Sir A. Cochrane, K.S. Rear-Admiral "
of,the White, Commander in Chief, acc. &c.
BA rbadoes.
* Oee of them retaken. •

PLYMOUTH, AUG.. 27.—Arrived the French Na-
tional Schooner. La Mouclze, pieiced for eight guns,
with 2g, -risen, from Bayonne, bound to the Ha-
vannah, with aspaiches, which she threw
board, captured, after a few hours chace, by the
Cossack Sloop of War.

Arrived the St. George, of 98 guns,. from the
Channel Fleet, on account of her proving very leaky:
she is to be taken into dock to repair, when her
crew will be turned over to the Caledonia ant Vale
de Paris. •

'Sailed the Pompee, of 8o guns, for Portsmouth,
Arrived the Growler Gun-brig, with a Fleet of.
Light Victuallers Under convoy, from the coast of
Spain : the Growler was going up Hamoaze this
morning,
.while a detachment of the AVe,tYoi-k
Militia were. firing at a target, near the Cliff at
Stonehouse,when unfortunatclya ball passedihrough
the body of a seaman belonging to her. The poor
fellow was landed and conveyed to the HoSPital
.without any hopes of recovery.

Arrived the Cheerful Cutter, Lieut. CARPENTER,
in eleven days, from Gijon, with Dispatchei tor
Government : she brings nothing of a dater date than
what has been previously received.
Arrived the Insolent Gun-brig from a cruize.
Sailed the Intelligent Gun-brig on a crui.ze..
The Pallas Frigate is come into Harbour to refit.

PORTSMOUTH, AUGUST 28.—Sailed yesterday the
'Daring Gun-brig, with a convoy to the Westward,
and Linnet Cutter-brig on a cruize.

Sailed this day the Dapper Gun-brig, with a con-
voy foram Downs.

FALMOUTH, AUG. 537 . —Sailedthe Humber Armed
Ship with a convoy for the Downs.
Arrived' the Brig Flora BROAD, from London, to
wait convoy for Malta.

DUAL, Auo. 28.—Sailed last evening His Majes-
ty's Brigs Furious and Bold with a convoy for Ports-

mouth.

SHEERNESS, AUG. 27.—Sailed the Bombay, of
74 guns, Capt. CUNNINGS; and Garnet Sloop of
War, Capt. STEVENSON, for the Downs.
Came down from the Tower, the Deptford Ten-
der, Lieut. ANTRAId, with imprest men and volun-
teers for the Fleet ; also, sixty French Prisoners,
brought in the last Fleet from the West Indies—
A great number of Transports have anchored at the
Fore, from the Downs.

con‘oy,

The Trusty, Capt. HUDSON, of 50 guns, was
paid up to six months, and sailed to Deal.
Auo. 28.—Sailed the Trusty, of 50 gutis,.to Deal ;
and seseral Transports tu Yarmouth, sapposed for
the Baltic, to bring away the Spanish Troops.—Also
sailed the Piercer Gun-brig to Gottenburgh, with
