L

LONDON, MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1839.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL
GARDENS.
Under her MAJESTY'S IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE.
-GRAND " PROMENADES MUSICALES ET CHAIII-

PUBLICATIONS.

BRITISH INDIA.

MR. THEODORE HOOK'S NEW NOVEL.
Now ready, in 3 vols. post Bvo.
BIRTHS, DEATHS, and MARRIAGES
By the Author of
" Jack Brag," " Maxwell," "Parson's Daughter, &c.
" Full of all the striking characteristics of Mr. Hook's wit
and irresistible humour. "—Atlas.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.

On Saturday afternoon a meeting of the Society of
Friends took place in their meeting-house, Devonshire-
house, Bishopsgate-street, to consider the present state
of the Natives of British India. In addition to a nume-
rous assemblage of that esteemed and influential body
from all parts of the United Kingdom (it being the season
for holding what is termed their "yearly meeting"), there
was a considerable number of highly respectable persons
of other denominations, among whom we noticed Sir
Augustus D'Este, Bart. ; Sir Culling Eardlcy Smith,
Bart. ; Major-General Briggs ; Colonel Nichols, late
Governor of Fernando Po ; John Crawford, Esq., late
Governor of Sincapore ; F. C. Brown, Esq., of Telli-
cherry ; John Bowring, Esq., LL.D. ; Vesey Leslie
Foster, Esq. ; William Howitt, Esq. ; the Rev. John
Arundel, the Rev. Mr. Pine ; J. H. Tredgold, Esq. ;
&c. &c.
THOMAS FRANKLAND, Esq., of Liverpool, said he
bad been requested to explain the objects of the pre-
sent meeting ; and as they had the company of their
well-known friend George Thompson, who was prepared
with details fully sufficient to occupy the attention of
the meeting, it would be only necessary for him
to make a very few observations. The meeting had
been called for the purpose of giving the public
some information with respect to the formation
of a Society for bettering the condition of their fellow-
subjects, the natives of British India. He believed he
might state that the Society had been formed in conse-
quence of the oppressions and sufferings of their fellow-
subjects in the East. They were all aware of the ex-
tent of the British Indian empire—that it contained a
population of more than 100 millions—and the Society
was prepared with authentic information from various
sources to prove that a great proportion of that vast
population was labouring under severe sufferings and
great oppression. It was well known that a succession
of famines had afflicted India for many years, and that
the famines of later years were not traceable to war, or
any of those causes which would lead them to believe
them unavoidable, or as having been inflicted by the
Divine hand. On the contrary they had every reason
to apprehend that some of the causes of these lamenta-
ble visitations of famine might be traced to the nature of
the government which prevailed in India, and the op-
pressive system of taxation under which the natives
groaned, so that in the midst of fertility and in a land
of plenty they were starving. It was a well-attested
fact, that in the famine of' 1837-8 not less than 500,000
individuals perished.—(Hear.) He thought there were
strong grounds why the Society had claims upon
the religious community to which he belonged.
They had long been engaged in endeavouring to put an
end to slavery in the British Colonies, and through the
blessing of Providence that object had been to a con-
siderable degree attained. He well remembered some
years ago, that their friend James Cropper, one of the
warmest friends of the cause, strongly impressed
upon them the necessity of exerting themselves to bet-
ter the condition of the natives of India, and enabling
them to supply England with the produce of that coun-
try. That position all of them must be convinced was
correct, and if they only exerted themselves so as to
procure the articles they required, whether of luxury or
necessity, from the produce of free, instead of slave la-
bour, the object would be attained. - In America there
was little hope that the system of slave labour would be
put an end to, while, on the other hand, India was pre-
pared to supply them, under a better system of manage-
ment, with all that America at present furnished them.
He had great pleasure in stating, that the objects of
the Society were intended to be conducted by moral
and religious means alone—that those who had formed
themselves into a Provisional Committee were earnestly
desirous this should be the case, and their Prospectus
stated that the Committee prefer to make their appeal to
to the " just principles and Christian feelings of the coun-
try." There could, therefore, be no objection to any part of
the plan, or to their uniting with the Society. He would
not detain the meeting longer. He believed the evi-
dence to be brought forward was such as might be
relied upon, and they had a strong proof of that fact
in the presence at their meeting, of Major-General Briggs,
who had for many years been Governor of a large dis-
trict of that country, who had resided in India thirty-
two years, and who was the author of a very able work
on the land-tax of India. However little they might
unite with him in that which was one of the objects of
his life and profession, they would all rejoice that he had
a heart to feel for the sufferings of that people, and that
he could enter into plans for their amelioration pro-
moted by moral and religious means. They had also
present Francis Browne,..a native of India, who bad
made ca
a voyage to this country, to call "the attention of
the people of England to the momentous subject. He
was a landed proprietor and magistrate of that country.
They had also Dr. Bowring, who was well known to
them. He would now call upon his friend George
Thompson to address the meeting.
Mr. G. THOMPSON then came forward and addressed
the meeting as follows :—After what had been kindly
and ably stated in the way of introductory matter
by the Gentleman who has just resumed his seat,
I feel confident there can he no doubt on the mind of
any individual present respecting the importance of the
subject we are met to consider. I believe, too, that no
question will be raised touching our right to converse,
inquire, and communicate, on matters respecting the
welfare of a hundred millions of the human race, who
have been brought into political affinity with us. The
doubt which I anticipate concerns the means we pos-
sess of turning our discussions and inquiries to profitable
account—a doubt respecting our ability to do good—
not the necessity or duty to perform the act, if it can
be shown to be possible. There may be yet another
question, viz.—ls not the discussion of the present
topic calculated to lessen the effect of our efforts
in a cause to which we stand religiously pledged, and
would it not be unwise to divide those energies
which are found quite small enough, when united, to
effect any considerable good ? These impressions, should
they prevail to any extent, I hope to remove by a plain
statement of incontrovertible facts, and to produce the
conviction, and to fortify that conviction by evidence,
that the causes are one, and that the surest, simplest,
and safest way of advancing that object to which you
are already, and have been so lung devoted, is to espouse
and support the object I am permitted to lay before
you.—(Hear, hear.) I appear in your midst to-day as
the representative of a Committee, who seek no higher
title, by their association, than the title of—The friends
of man. The good of man is their object, " good will to
man" the bond which unites them, and truth and reason are
the only weapons with which they carry on their warfare.
"Those whose welfare the Committee immediately seeks,
are British subjects—they are a hundred million in
number—they are Hindoos, Mahommedans, Pagans,
and some, at least, of them, Christians i • resident in a
far distant land, which for half a century has been
subject to our sway, and whose destinies depend, under
Providence, upon the laws, institutions, and measures
conferred or inflicted upon them by this country. They
are at present governed by a Company with certain
specified, limited, chartered rights ; they are neverthe-
less within the reach of popular sympathy and popular
legislation ; inasmuch as there is in the Parliament of
this country a constantly existing right and power to
make laws for that people and country, as though
no Act had ever been passed. The people I refer to,
are the long neglected Natives of British India.
I said the welfare of the Natives of India was the im-
mediate object of the Committee I represent ; but you
will rejoice to learn, that that object is intimately and in-
separably united with another, dear to us all, I mean
the
.good of the injured sons and daughters of Africa ;
who, either in their parent soil, or in strange lands, are
made, by hundreds of thousands, and millions, the vic-
tims of " the oppressor's wrong," and all the ills which
the Slave trade, and its parent Slavery, engender and
perpetuate. How stands the question ? There are in
North and South America, and on the Islands of the
Gulph of Mexico and the Caribean Sea, from five
to six millions of slaves.—(Hear.) To supply the
States where the foreign slave-trade has not been
abolished, a traffic between them and the shores of
Africa is carried on, which occasions a loss to that
country, by sickness, hunger, madness, despair,
butchery, and slavery, of from 300,000 to 400,000 per
annum. It is put beyond doubt by the calculations in
Mr. Buxton's book, that during every revolution of this
earth upon its axis, a thousand human beings are
offered in sacrifice, living or aead, upon the reeking
shrine of the insatiate Moloch of modern slavery. To
what fate are those who are wretched enough to sur-
vive the village war, the desert march, the middle pas-
sage, and the period of seasoning,,consigned ? To the
drudgery of the rice plains of the Carolinas, to the
wasting toil of the sugar plantations of Cuba, and
Louisiana, and the Brazils ; to the " never ending,
still beginning" labour of the cotton fields of Alabama,
and Mississipi, and the,Texas ; or to the milder, but still
forced and uncompensated service of the tobacco
planter and slave-breeder of Virginia and Maryland.
To what markets are the fruits of the earth, thus
watered with the tears and fanned with the sighs of the
captive carried ? Ask the merchant of Liverpool.
Ask the manufacturer of Manchester. Ask the
thoughtless civilized smoker of the pleasant cigar. Ask
the fair wearer of the fine-spun cottons of our country.
Ask the frugal housewife, who prepares the dish of rice
for her household, or her guests. These are the buyers,
the rewarders, the upholders of slavery. Nay, more,
many of those whom I first named, are at this
moment the reluctant tributaries and impatient vassals

PETRES ! !!
THIS EVENING, MONDAY, JUNE 3d,
Tuesdan, 4th, and Thursday, 6th,
By a splendid Band, composed of the most distinguished Instru-
mental Performers in the 'Metropolis,
Selected and conducted by Mr. Godfrey.
In compliance with the expressed wishes of numbers of Vi-
sitors, the Performances will for the future commence at Six
o'clock, and terminate at Nine.
The magnificent Day-light View of MOUNT HECLA, and
the unequalled Menagerie, are exhibited daily.
Admission One Shilling.

DEDICATED, BY SPECIAL PERMISSION TO THE

QUEEN.
Nearly ready, in 2 vols. Bvo., with Plates,
TRAVELS IN NORTH AMERICA,
During the Years 1834,35, and 36.
Incdig
A SUMMER RESIDENCE with the PAWNEE TRIBE,
in the REMOTE PRAIRIES of the MISSOURI; and a
VISIT to CUBA and the AZORE ISLANDS.
By the Hon. CHARLES AUGUSTUS MURRAY,
Master of the Household to her Majesty.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street,
Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty.

BEERSELLERS' EXCURSION to the
NORE,
With the privilege of inspecting the Flag Ship HOWE, of

12.0 Guns.

The Committee of the METROPOLITAN BEERSEL-
LEES' SOCIETY respectfully announce to their Friends,
that the Favourite and Commodious Vessel, the
ROYAL SOVEREIGN, Captain W. J. Spicer,
Having been entirely refitted and beautified, has been engaged
for the

TO BE HAD AT ALL THE LIBRARIES.
THE NEW NOVELS
AND ROMANCES,
Just published by Mr. COLBURN.

ANNUAL STEAM-BOAT EXCURSION,
which will take place on THURSDAY, June 6, 1839, on which
day it will leave London Bridge Wharf at Half-past Seven
o'clock, and proceed down the River to the Nore, as far as

I.
FAIR ROSAMOND; or, the DAYS of KING HENRY
11. By T. MILLER, Author of " Royston Gower," &c.
3 vols.

11.
The HIGHLAND INN. A Fragment from the Diary o:
the late Duncan 111‘Alpine, M.D. 2 vols.

HI.
The BANISHED. A Swabian Tale. Edited by JAMES
MORIER, Esq., Author of "Ilajji Baba," &c. 3 vols.
Iv;
The FERGUSONS. By the Hon. E. PHIPPS. 2 vols.

The PHANTOM SHIP. By Capt. MARRYAT. 3 vela

vi
The YOUTH of SHAKSPEARE. By the Author of
" Shakspeare and His Friends." 3 vols.

♦LSO, JUST BEADY.

CRANMER. By a Member of the Roxburghe Club. 3 vols.
11.
The LION. A Tale •f the Coteries. 3 vols.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

Just published, in 18mo., with
PORTRAIT OF CODRINGTON, AND VIGNETTE,
Price ss. in cloth,
BRITISH NAVAL BIOGRAPHY.
Comprising the Lives of the most distinguished Admi-
rals, from Howard to Codrington ; with an OUTLINE of the
NAVAL HISTORY of ENGLAND, from the Earliest
Period to the Present Time.
London: Scott, Webster, and Geary, Charterhouse-square.

This Day is published, Price 23. 6d., No. 11. of the
FOREIGN MONTHLY REVIEW,
and CONTINENTAL LITERARY JOURNAL.
Containing : Toreno's History of the Insurrection and War
in Spain—Eichwald's Travels to the Caspian Sea and in the
Caucasus—The Lyric Poets of Germany—On Modern French
Architectural Decoration—Ulrici on the Genius of Shake-
peare—Literary Contemporaries at Weimar • Goethe—Big-
non's History of France under Napoleon ; Designs and Pro-
jects of Russia in the East—Huber en the English Universi-
ties—On Daguerre's Discovery ; Photogenic Drawings—De
Beaumont en the Social, Political, and Religious State of Ire-
land—Manual of Germanic Archaeology—Filiberta Madruzzo
--Real Political Character of Louis X Vlll.—Tieck's Tales_
The District of Otuquis in i3olivia—Military Life in the Field
and in the Camp—Josika's Hungarian Novels and Tales—Lite-
rary Intelligence—Foreign Works Published in April and
May.

D. 'Nutt, 158, Fleet-street ; Dulau and Co., 37, Soho-square.

CALI FORNIA.

In One Volume, Bvo., with a New Map, by Arrewsmith,
Plans of the Harbours, and numerous Engravings.
Price 145., cloth.
Ili HISTORY of UPPER and LOWER
CALIFORNIA,
FROM THEIR FIRST DISCOVERY to the PRESENT
TIME•

Comprising an Account of the Climate, Soil, Natural Produc-
tions, Agriculture, Commerce, &e. A full View of the Mis-
sionary Establishments, and Condition of the Free and Domes-
ticated Indians.

By ALEXANDER FORBES, Esq.
With an Appendix relating to Steam Navigation in the Pacific.
" We commend this volume as a clear, unassuming perfor-
mance, containing much that is important respecting a vast re-
gion at present but imperfectly known. "_Atlas.
" This is a very interesting and important work, and will make
the public well acquainted with an extensive country known to
Europe nearly three hundred years, yet its history, till the ap-
pearance of this volume, has been nearly a blank."—Sunday
Times.

Smith, Elder and Co., Cornhill.

THE WEEKLY CHRONICLE
NATIONAL GALLERY.
THE PROPRIETORS OF " THE WEEKLY CHRO-
NICLE" TO THE PEOPLE OF THE BRITISH
EMPIRE.

The Proprietors of the " WEEKLY CHRONICLE," en-
couraged by the still increasing prosperity of their Journal, hava
determined upon the publication of a series of Portraits,
ENGRAVED ON STEEL,
To be called collectively .. THR 241.11.TIOISTAL CALLER iri"
this title being adopted from the conviction that any other
name, less comprehensive, would be found unworthy of the
extent and high purpose of the undertaking, as well as of the
surpassing beauty with which it will be carried out. The ap-
pearance of " THE NATIONAL GALLERY," whether
considered as a work of art, or with reference to its easy posses-
sion by the very humblest of the land, will form an extraordi-
nary epoch in the history of the English Press.
OBJECTS OF THE WORK.
The purpose of the Proprietors of "THE WEEKLY
CHRONICLE" is to assemble in " THE NATIONAL GAL-
LERY," the Portraits of those Public Men who have most dis-
tinguished themselves during the present century ; and whose
labours, whether in the field or the senate, have exercised the
greatest influence upon the age in which they live. In addition
to these will be given the most distinguished Women of the
Court of Queen Victoria; with whose own Portrait the Gal-
lery would naturally have commenced, but for the circumstance
of its having been so lecently presented to the Readers of the
" WEEKLY CHRONICLE."
The Publication of the GALL
to ing ord
DUKE OF WELLINGTON.

,ERY will pr•ceel in the fel-
er :
Lean LYNDHURST.
MR. O'CONNELL.
DUCHESS •F N•RTHIIMBER,
LAND.
LORD LEICESTER.
LORD SPENCER.
THE QUEEN DOWAGRR.
SIR JAMES GRAHAM.
I%IARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE.
FITZWILLIAM.
(LORD STANLEY.
ILORD \IORFETH.

LORD GREY.
Six R. PEEL.

MR. WILBERFORCIL.
LORD DURHAM.

THE SPEAKER.
HER MAJESTY.

LORD MELBOURNE.
DUCHESS OF KENT.
LORD JOHN RUSSELL.
DUCHESS •F SUTHERLAND,
MARQUIS OF NORMANBY.
LORD BROUGHAM.

MODE OF PUBLICATION.
To each Portrait will be appended an impartial Biographical
Memoir, printed on imperial hot-pressed quarto, uniformly with
the Engraving. A Portrait will be published every other Sa-
turday, the Memoir being issued every alternate week—hence,
a Monthly Part will contain Two Engravings, with Two Me-
moirs. To those subscribers desirous of possessing THE NA-
TIONAL GALLERY, the price of THE WEEKLY
CHRONICLE will be that of other papers—namely, Six-
pence. To those, however, should there be such, who may
prefer the Paper without the Engraving or Memoir, the price
will be as at present, Fourpence-halfpenny.
THE WEEKLY CHRONICLE NATIONAL GALLERY.
The First Number of THE NATIONAL GALLERY
will be published on the Ist of July next, and the correspond
ing Memoir en the Bth ; so that in each alternate week
there will be given a Portrait or Memoir. The work will form
a magnificent annual volume in imperial quarto--a volume not
to be purchased, at the present time, at loss_ than Five Guineas.
Every precaution has been taken by the Proprietors to be pro-
vided with a supply—great as the demand must necessarily be—
by the erection of steam macninery on tne premises. at the out-
lay of several thousand pounds. Snecimens a the Portraits
will be found at the principal Newsvenders throughout the
United Kingdom. That of his Grace the Duke of Wellington
together with a Memoir, may now be received by all Agents
and Book ellers.

PUBLICATIONS.

New Weekly Periodical (and in Monthly Nits, price le.)

THE PSYCHE, 'No. 1., price 3d., on Satti'r-
day, June 8, 1839, will contain-1. Prologue.-2. Re-
cords of St. Luke's, by the Author of " Remembrances of a
Monthly Nurse."-3. Hearth-stones, Mile-stones, and Grave-
.

k tones. . Poem : the Old Tower.-5. Letter Sketches :
Florence Godwin, by J. W. Marston, Esq.-6. The Progress
of Genius.-7. Our views of Reviewing.-8. Reviews :
Cheveley ; The Copyright Question; the Piromides.-9. Fine
Arts : the Annual Exhibition.-10. Theatricals : Nicholas
Nicklebv at the Strand Theatre.

Published by W. Everett, 16, Finch-lane, Cornhill, London ;
told by all Booksellers and Newsvenders.

This day is published, price 6s.
THE DUBLIN REVIEW, No. XII.
CONTENTS:
1. Sylvester 11., and Gregory VII.
2. The Slavonians.
3. Trade with France.
4. Dodd's Church History of England.
5. Fronde's Remains.
6. King John a Protestant Reformer.
7. Election Petitions.
8. Lynch's Measures. for Ireland.
9. Geraldines—Religious Institutions.
10. Cooper's Novels.
11. Italian Music.
12. French and Italian Literature.
Miscellaneous Intelligence.
London : C. Dolman, (nephew and successor to J. Booker),
6t, New Bond-street ; Booker and Co., 37, Ranelagh-street,
Liverpool ; J. Cumming, Dublin ; W. Tait, Edinburgh.

PROFESSIONAL RECORDS; OR,MARRIAGE MEDI-

CALLY CONSIDERED.
An Original Thesis (in a sealed envelop). Price 55.,
ON MARRlAGE—itslntent,Obligations.and
Physical and Constitutional Disqualifications ; with Illus-
trations graphic, narrative, and remediate.
Also, by the same Author,
A RATIONAL EXPOSITION of the TREATMENT
of MORBID SECRETIONS, Stricture, and Irritability of
the Uretha, and other infirmities of the reproductive system ;
with numerous cases and woodcuts, entitled Medical Con-
sultations. Price 2s. 6d.

Sherwood, 23, Paternoster-row ; Carvelhe, 147, Fleet-
street ; Harris, 25, Bow-street; Baths, 23, New Bond-street ,
and Smith, druggist, 48, Lothbury, City.

In 12mo. Fourth Edition. much improved, price 9s.
SURE METHODS OF IMPROVING
HEALTH, and INVIGORATING LIEE, by regu-
lating the Diet and Regimen : exhibiting the most approved
Principles of Health and Longevity, with the remarkable power
of proper Food, Wine, Air, Exercise, &c., in the cure of ob-
stinate Chronic Diseases, as well as in promoting Health and
Long life. To which are added, art Account of the excellent
Effects of Training, and Maxims for the Bilious and Nervous,
the Consumptive, &c. Illustrated by Cases.
By T. J. GRAHAM, M.D.
" We are disposed to think it the most useful and rational
work of the kind we have met with. It contains many hints
novel to us, and is altogether an admirable Code of Health._
Atlas.

" The tendency of this volume to advance the important
objects which it proposes, is unquestionable, and we warmly
recommend it. It is intelligent, practical, and highly interest-
ing."—New Literary Gazette.
" That men of all habits will derive information from it,
calculated to increase their eomfort and extend their days, is
firmly our conviction."—Edinburgh Observer.
London : Published by Simpkin Marshall, and Co. Paternos-
ter-row, and Hatchard, 187, Piccadilly. Sold by all
Booksellers.

ARTISTS ENGAGED FOR THE WORK.
The Proprietors feel that they have only to give the names
of Hayter, Chalon, Latilla, and Stewart, as the Painters em-
ployed for the NATIONAL GALLERY, to at once assure
themselves of the confident. of the public, not only as to the
worth and beauty of the fornicoming work, but as to the feel-
ing which animates the Projectors in this national enter-
prise. Among the Engravers will be found the names
Robinson, Mote, Cook, Wagstaff, W. Holl, Brown, Hall,
&c. &e. &e. Hence, the Publishers have, they conceive, given
suffiicent warranty that no considerations of cost have weighed
with them in their attempts to make the NATIONAL GAL-
LERY worthy of its ambitious title. All that modern art ean
effect will be lavished on the undertaking. The same pencils,
the same gravers, employed to minister to the tastes of the
highest and richest in the land, will labour for the gratification
of the humblest Englishman—the painter for the Court will be
the painter for the Cottage.
MORAL INFLUENCE OF THE WORK.
The Projectors of the NATIONAL GALLERY feel that
their contemplated enterpriseinvolves deeper and nobler consi-
derations than may superficially_ present themselves. It is
scarcely possible that a work of such an extent, executed with
all the high refinements of art, should not assert a great moral
mind,ence
GALLERYawnodrkinthefn r
taste of the ttending
di
. elevateg thethood; and
"Englishman will be con-
iienogplaet. onceln
influence—au inn
sheA,
ttoheimpsAro,g(;
Ile moral might—
her reminded of the g' eatneys, and of the consequent value
over rival nations. He will read in the lives of
of his country ; of her gigantic
her triumphs Englishmen, the irresistible. force British valour—the calm,
comprehensive, and determined resistance to wrong_the advo-
cacy of the most sacred rights of our most common nature—which
fo in the basis of our national character. All the ennobling
sentiments that constitute the lofty-minded soldier—the wise
and generous Statesman—the Patriot_and the Philanthropist,
will be felt and acknowledged by otir readers ; and thus, in the
projected publication, every subscriber to" The National Gal-
lery', of ~ The Weekly Chronicle,will have the gratification
of possessing at the most trifling cost the most perfect record of
his country's glory.
All persons desirous of receiving this magnificent work with
regularity and certainty, should immediately give their orders
the various News-agents and Booksellers throughout the
to
Kingdom—a method rendered indispensable from the impossi-
bility of making in so gigantic an undertaking
any arraneents,
for the supply of casual sugbscmribers.
To Purchasers the price of a Portrait and Memoir will belOs. 6d.
Proof of Separate Portraits on India paper, 1/. Is.
Orders received by all Booksellers and News-agents !n the
United Kingdom.
Office, 337, Strand, London.

It has been said of the Duke of Wellington
that, during the Congress at Vienna, he completely misled
the most subtle diplomatists, by 111 Ways stating exactly
what he thought.

//___ --47
-
, , . ...
....." t...E., -..,
_,
40, .
WO ' i** sA.-1---% •0111: ,4-I,'-"--'-'--,---
, k-'''"-.. —,,
.1/4,..........
%., _," -' s ,
... ...........7......... ~..,,,, un
itiolllllfr4t
~...,' - -')I, b 'or'... f,),1•1 ,
‘,0%-,i4,4tiort, u.u,to ...,,yIiiiNLTS 0/ T: ~ ' .I- - c-••
50,,,,

`.

PRICE sd.

4/0

EVENING
.k.: D1111?.N.T;"' -
the East, and after establishing themselvei ;:t..- Madras; 4,.... . t,-
end multiplying their factories in other parts o(itur ' -...—
they proceeded to the acquisition of territory, cilrfF4.l P•kg
continued to increase, by craft and conqu est, until iitev rine,
jr
from merchants and shipowners into the directorsof armies
and the sovereigns of a vast empire. It is not my in-
tention to trace the growth of British power. I
shall quit that topic, and claim your attention to the
capacity and products of the soil of India. The penin-
sula of India possesses extraordinary fertility, yielding
is many parts, not one crop only per year, but two,
three, and even four. Little pains is needed to produce
a harvest. Amongst the almost innumerable articles
which can be grown, I way name, cotton-wool, sugar,
rice, gums, indigo, spices, ebony and other woods, oils,
cinnamon, musk, muslins, bandannas, ginger, senna,
cochineal, tea, linseed, pimento-, aloes, coeculus in-
dicus for the brewers--(a laugh)-e--steel, gold, pearls
and diamonds. I shall say one word respect-
ing the skill of its inhabitants. Before our trade
with India began the workmanship of the natives in
steel and ivory, and gold and musline, were the glory
and boast of the Oriental world. What, in modern
times, can compare with the muslins of Dacca, spun by
the fingers of the llindoo females and woven in their
own looms ? They could also point to their chemists,
their architects, and their astronomers. In a word, it
will be found that we have not to deal with un-
taught barbarians, but with a people, to a great extent,
polished and prepared. Why, then, do we neglect
India ? We have an uninterrupted lUghway upon the
ocean; we have vesssels, and mariners, and Captains; we
have often weathered the Capes for two hundred and fifty
years. We knew how to coerce and conquer, and spoil
the people of India. How is it we have not yet dis-
covered the way of turning the immense resources of
India to their proper use ? 'Why do we not make
India the means of enriching this country, and
saving the western world from the curse and
dishonour of slavery ?—(Cries of " Hear, hear.")
I might speak of the admirable institutions of India.
We hear much in the present day of Municipal reforms
at home, and of giving English institutions to India ;
but I believe it will be found, that before we knew any-
thing of corporations in this country, India had corpo-
porations as enlightened and liberal, and far more eco-
nomical, than we have ever had, reformed or unreformed.
The institutions are so perfect, that whatever you want
to do in the way of revenue, manufa9tures, or agricul-
ture, or whatever you may want to do in the way of
education, you may do through their native institutions,
their native wisdom, their native teachers, and their
native language. To attempt to Anglicise India, to
attempt to colonize India, or to destroy her institutions,
and to give them that which is of mushroom growth in
Europe, for that which is older than cur history in India,
is to attempt to carry light to the sun, to perfume tee
rose, or to bleach the lily.—(Cheers.) They had them
long--they have them still ; but broken down and de-
lapidated by the hand of the modern Gotta ; and if you
will let them raise them up again, you may bestow on
them the greatest blessing, without endeavouring to _
palm upon them institutions which are scarcely ripe
in this country. You have not to civilize them--
they are ready to your hand—they are ready to argue
metaphysics and philosophy with you, and if you would
give them the argument of a paternal government, of a
pure, consistent, and holy life, you would first find the
way to their hearts, and through that inlet you might
win their understanding, till—
" Brahmab, from his guilty greatness hurled,
" With Mecca's Lord—Messiah ruled the world."—
(Cheers.) If you want to see what the civilization of India
is or has been, I would direct your attention to the
delightful work of Bishop Heber, who has beautifully
described the state of shings he saw. I come now to
speak more particularly of the system planted in India
by this country. When the English got there, there
went out a decree, not from Cease?. Augustus, but from
another monarch, that all India should be taxed. The
llindoos knew how to tax, and took a sixth—the
Mahommedans knew better, and took a fourth—the
English knew best and took all, and would have taken
more than all,but they knew not how--(A laugh.) That is
to say, they demanded more than the land would yield,
more than the grain, put into Sicca rupees, would pay ;
and the consequence has been, that individuals, and
villages, and districts, have been getting deeper and
deeper into debt. They are now the victims of the
collector, and they may be put into the stocks, or driven
from the soil, as unworthy tenants of the land in which
they were born. In 1793 an alteration was made in

of the slaveholder—dragged at the wheels of the mon-
ster's car—a monster they have fed, and harnessed, and
employed. But, is it necessary that every vein of
Africa should bleed that America and Europe may
cultivate and consume the articles I have named ? Will
the cotton-tree flourish only where republican tyrants
have carried it, and compelled the negro in chains to
plant and rear it ? Must the sugar cane cease to
grow, or its crushed sweets be procured at the ex-
pense of the crushed hearts of those who send it
to our tables ? Friends of humanity ! lovers of jus-
tice! patrons of peaceful, bloodless, and anti-slavery
commerce ! look to the home of the cotton-tree,
to the birth-place of the sugar-cane ! Turn your
eyes away from the desolated shores of Africa, and
" the habitations of cruelty" in the West, from which
the hopeless slave looks out upon the billows of the
Atlantic, and fix them upon the broad plains of India,
whose fertile soil and willing sons wait to give you, in
more than abundance, the luscious juices and nutri-
Cous grains, and fragrant berries, which, for now
two centuries and more, have been reared amidst the
thunders of a violated law, and stained with the blood
of the helpless and the innocent. Do justice to India,
and banish the demon of intestine war from Africa!
Do justice to India, and drive the miscreant man-thief
from the banks of the Niger and the Gambia! Do
justice to India, and see the fetter fall from the
limbs of the slave. Do justice to India, and see your
wharves covered, and your warehouses filled, and your
looms made busy, and your population clothed with the
produce of the East, with the fruits of the industry of
the conquered and countless millions, who cry from the
banks of the Ganges, and the Brahmapootra, and the
Indus—" If you would redeem Africa, you must rege-
generate India." Let it not be inferred from these re-
marks that I underrate either the duty or the import-
ance of employing those means by which we bring a
purely moral influence to bear upon the slaveholding and
slave-trading nations of the world. Did I entertain a senti-
ment unfavourable to these, it would belie all that
I have said and done during the last. eight years of my
life—sayings and doings which are known to you all.
But, in proportion as I insist upon the right and duty
of a moral interference with the slave systems of the
world, I am bound to recommend and pursue those
measures which are strictly national and soundly
politic, and easy and inexpensive in operation, which
have a direct and certain tendency to effect the object
to which those other means refer. We have a vine-
yard of our own, fertile beyond description. In that
vineyard are thousands and tens of thousands, " standing
all the day idle, because no man hath hired them."
I believe the annals of the world furnish not an instance
of greater folly and infatuation than that which this
country has for a century presented in this matter. The
East:has been neglected. The splendid and fertile regions
from which sugar, and rice, and cotton might have been
obtained to clothe and feed, not the inhabitants of this
country merely, but of the globe, has been shunned ;
the bright chambers of the East have been forsaken for
the slave-cursed territory of the 'West. The land
where the luxuries we sought are indigenous, and
often grow wild, has been suffered to remain an
uncultivated jungle. Our own fair and bountiful
vineyard, has, I say, been forgotten by some,
despised by others, and mismanaged by all—yet it still
possesses exhaustless capacity —it may become like a
watered garden. Its " old waste places" may be re-
built—" the foundations of many generations maybe raised
up," and it may prove not only a source of riches to its
occupiers, proprietors, and cultivators, but its produce
may be made to supersede and displace whatever is now
produced by the labour of the unpaid slave. While we
preach freedom to other nations—while we sign treaties
with Portugal, send envoys to America, and ambassa-
dors to France—shall we be justified in neglecting this
region ? Shall we be free from the charge of inconsist-
ency, if we prove ourselves indifferent to one of the
most legitimate and potential means of ridding the world
of slavery, arid one which cannot fail to suggest itself to
every one who takes a careful and comprehensive view
of the subject ? But, I return to speak of the imme-
diate object of the British India Committee. That
object is the ',cue) ing of the condition of our
fellow-subjects—the natives of British India.—( Hear.) '
I speak liable to correction. 1 am happy, for your
sakes and my own to know that there are here present
men who are thoroughly conversant with Indian affairs
—men to whom the Oriental world is known—men
whose best years have been spent in India—who have
trodden its plains—have lived in its villages—have
mingled with its sons—have carefully studied its insti-
tutions—have surveyed its stupendous and unrivalled
monuments of industry and genius. Men who have
lived in India, not to oppress its natives and purloin its
riches, but to diffuse justice, to restore peace, to pro-
pagate the maxims of truth and wisdom ; who, after they
have served India, in India, hare returned to their na-
tive land with a zeal unabated, to advance the welfare
of India, by arousing the attention of their fellow-citi-
zens to a sense of their responsibility—to devote their
political and moral energies to the good of that great
empire. These gentlemen will be able to correct my
errors, should I fall into any. I am their hum-
ble and unlettered mouthpiece, and I ask them
to watch my statements, and not only confirm
what is true, but contradict what is inaccurate.
India is an unknown country. Long as we have traded
with that country—many as have been the wars we
have waged, and the victories we have won upon its
soil—vast as has been the wealth we have derived from
it—and numerous as have been the sons of Britain,
who from year to year have gone forth and returned
from it, it is to this hour, to the mass of the people
of Great Britain, a sealed, an unknown country. I
speak of the genius of its inhabitants. I speak of its
institutions. I speak of its resources, its wants, and its
claims. I speak of its learning and its literature. I
speak of it as a field for agricultural and commercial
enterprise—l speak of it as a region for the exercise of
Christian benevolence—l speak of it as a resting place
for the lever by which modern Asia is to be raised to
more than ancient majesty and glory. Considered in
all these aspects, I hesitate not to repeat the words I
have already uttered—" India is an unknown country."
Now, the British India Committee deem their first.
duty to be that of diffusing information respecting this
country—its people, its government, its laws, its insti-
tutions, its necessities ; ever bearing in mind the great
end for which this information is sought, obtained, and
diffused—the good of the natives of British India.
They will seek to draw the veil that has been suffered
hitherto to shroud the mingled misery and splendour of
this land of wonders. They fear not the result. While

sere will be scenes of inconceivable wretchedness to

the revenue system of Bengal by the Marquis Corn-
wallis, who, with the best intentions, gave to the lower
provinces a permanent settlement, or fixed in per-
petuity the amount of tax the land should pay—
annihilated the ancient proprietors of the soil, and
conferred the right on a class of men called Zemindars.
They became answerable to the Government for the
payment annually of a certain amount—th. 7 kaew
what they had to pay, and that all they could obtain
beyond it was their own ; and while a limit was put to
the claims of the Government on the Zemindars, no
limit was put to their claims upon those beneath them.
With all these faults the system has worked beneficially
It did injustice to the ancient proprietors—it over•
looked and trampled on the institutions of the country
—yet, still with all its faults, and they were many and
great, it has done good, and Bengal is now the most
fruitful, happy, and contented portion of British India.
In another part of British India another system was
adopted—a system of annual surveys and set! tements
in money. All the landowners wera swept off, and the
Government determined to be the sole lac !-
lord. Let Inc now refer to the subject of
famines. Famines have, from age to age, prevailed in
India ; under the Mahomedans more than under the
Hindoo Governments, because the former took a larger
portion of the produce ; but th.. British have claimed
still more, and the consequences, therefore, have been
still more dreadful. Their legislation has been by no
means so benign, their practical morality not so strict,
as that of the Mahomedans, they have taken seven-
eighths, nine-tenths, or all, and famines have become
general. Of course the original cause of famine is
drought, and then, through the poverty of the people-.--
the absence of roads, thus cutting off communication
between one district and another—and the allowing to
go out of repair the artificial means of irrigation—
there is a dearth ; the people have not the means to
buy rice for a month, although they can live on
three farthings a day, and they die of starva-
tion ! In 1764-1766 famine raged on the coast
of Coromandel. In 1770-1771 a famine raged in
the provinces of Bengal, which swept off, under the ad-
ministration of Lord Clive, 3,000,000 of the inhabitants!
And it has been put on record by a writer, now among
us, that at that time there was no deficiency of grain ;
the Bengal Store-houses were full to repletion ; but the
cause of the calamity was, the poverty of the people,
and the avarice of the holders of the grain. In 1782-3
another famine raged on the Coroman,lel coast. In
1792-a another famine raged there. In 1803-4 a famine
raged in Bombay and the Deccan. Now I grant that,
during these famines, wars were prevalent, and wars
Lave always more or less disturbed, suspended, ,or de-
stroyed the agricultural pursuits of the conntry in
which they prevailed, but since 1818 there has been no
war in any part of British India—there has been general,
undisturbed, and perfect peace ; but have laminta bean
averted ? No. lu 1820-21 there was a famine in the
southern part of the Deccan—in 1823-'4 famine raged
in the asccan from Kandiesh to Mysore—in 183?-33
in Bombay and the Deccan—in 1833-34 tr ere was fa-
mine in the Madras territory—in 1835-36 there was
famine in Orissa and on the Coromandel coast—in
1837-38 there was famine in the Agra Presidency, a
very brief and imperfect account of which you will find
in the papers that have been distributed. Last year
the national sympathy was roused and properly
directed ; and we succeeded in obtaining, if not
front the Imperial Legislature of this land, at least
from the fears of the Colonial Assemblies, the eman-
cipation of the negro ; but while we were strug-
gling for their emancipation, almost as many human
beings as there were apprentices in the British colonic*
died of hunger—they died in the garden and the
granary of the world, under the sway of Queen Vic-
toria, on British territory, where a man can be sustained
for thirty days for two shillings! They died its a
land which yielded not a had or niggard crop, or
scantily, as in the glens and an the hills of Scotland,
where the people, however, die not of famine, bus *icy
died iin a land where, although the earth is furrowed
with a wooden plough, and the seed scattered with a
careless hand, yet yields not one, but two or three
crops a year, 500,000 of them died in the neighbourhood
of Agra. How many died in the distant jungle,
no one can tell ! Mothers deserted their child; en,
leaving them on the highways, or throwing them at
night into the Jumna—the vulture and the jackal fast-
ened on the fainting prostrate wretch before life was
gone ; the courses of small rivers were impeded by the
masses of bodies thrown into their channels by those
employed to clear the highways, and European residents
were compelled to abandon their evening drive, from the
impossibility of encountering the efiluvia arising from
the putrid corpses around. The total number of those
who died no tongue can tell, unless it were possible to
count their skeletons, or gather up their dust. But
this we do know, that 500,000 died in the vicinity of
the Agra Presidency. Should not this one solitary fact
taken out of the catalogue of calamities now before me,
awaken your sympathy. If the slavery of thousands
called forth your noblest energies, ought not the death
of 500,000, in a few months, of disease, and cholera,
and hydrophobia, produced by famine, to beget a lively
and active compassion and a determination to look
into the causes of these limed events, and if it be
possible to apply a remedy. There is a famine still
raging in India, During the latter end of last year,
d Bduorniinbgaytlite,repsriedseennctyyaeanrd, famineson
nthe
have appeared in
the
Coromandel
Coast.
1 think I may say that, except the settled provinces of
Bengal, famines are now prevalent all over Bri-
tish India ; and bear in mind the character
of the country—the few and simple wants of the
people—the cheapness of provisions—and that
it is British India! British India, that has poured
into the lap of England a thousand millions
of pounds st+:ll:tig ! British India—" the brightest
grni"—ils an orator once called it—" in the Crown of

attract the pitiful compassion of the philanthropist, there
will be enough to fan the patriotism and kindle the zeal
of the lover of his country, and the friend of commerce.
Nor will the scholar and the Christian lack incentives
to effort and research. The former, if he has ever che-
rished a .‘ feeling of contempt for the fancied bombast
and nothingness of Eastern lore," will find that feelinggive
place to wonderatits unadorned simplicity,and ponderous
substantiality. lie will find that he who treads the soil of
India, approaches the birthplace of all that has embel-
lished the western world in science and philosophy. The
Christian will find spread out before him, in immea-
surable amplitude, a field for pious and powerful exer-
tion—" a field dis!inguished by features peculiar to it-
self ; at once claiming his profoundest sympathy for the
millions of his race, who are sunk in the grossest igno-
rance and superstition, and exciting his astonishment at
the ruins of wealth and intellectual grandeur that even.-
where present themselves." With these before him, while

lie is melted to sorrow by the proofs of a wide-spread
apostacy and spiritual rebellion, he will be animated by
the hope and faith of the Gospel, which teach him
to look for a day when, under judicious culture,
seeds of truth shall spring up, and cause the
moral waste to bloom and blossom as the rose.
Rut let me hasten to furnish some facts illustrative of
the truth of what I hare already said. Ido not venture
to hope that I can make use of a tithe of the proofs
with which I have prepared myself for this discussion.
I do hope, however, to be able to lead your minds to
inquiry, and if I succeed—if I beget a desire to learn
the history and real state of India—l shall be richly
rewarded. You will soon find that you have en-
tered upon a subject replete with all that can expand
the imagination and affect the hearts, or call forth the
efforts of the philanthropist and the Christian. Take
a glance at your Eastern empire. You are masters
of a country stretching from the base of the Himalaya
mountains to Cape Comorin, and from the sacred
waters of the Ganges to the banks of the Indus
You are rulers of no fewer than one hundred millions
of the human race, besides having fifty millions more
your tributaries. An empire as large as Europe. Be-
hold its diversity. It is divided into almost innumer-
able States. It embraces various climates, languages,
religions, and distinct tribes. And here let me
say that nothing is more necessary than to
discriminate between one portion of India and
another—between one Presidency and another, and
between one State and another—else the most gross and
serious errors may be committed. That which is true of
Bengal, is inapplicable to Madras, and vice verse. It
' is impossible, however, in an address like the present,
to go into all the distinguishing peculiarities ; the most
that can be done, is
to state distinctly to what part of
the country that which is said applies. Of the ancient
history of India I can say nothing. From the time
of Alexander the Great, down to the consolidation of
peace, under the East India Company's rule, we are
made acquainted with a succession of invasions and
conquests, causing an almost incredible loss of life, and
leading to scenes of rapine and robbery, of the most
revolting character. In 1599, a few London merchants
obtained a charter to trade between this country and

.
, •,.......... ''. ...,

~..........._____':-TirENING EDITION. THE SUN LONDON, MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1839
5 • .
..........................-
~,,-
_____
________................•••••••••••••••• EV PNING EDITION
.1 :AL:England' Queen TORY DISLOYALTY.
ki et' -I
•• -.British :Aim-tn.:l" Yet in that country there died of in virtue of the right of conquest." I must venture to give hope of redress to an oppressed native in the Govern. ders, by your long sustained and noble testimonies part of the Systetti cif education. The youths were cause of education, had secured the affections of his '
THE QUEEN.
i' . b Peaceable-leYal-and would have another authority on the subject, as it is one of chief im- ment courts. But when the Government itself is vir- by the labours you have performed, and by the suc- wholly living under the roofs of the Uriiversities, they fellow-men, not only in London, but in almost
A - een attachtel subjects-during last ear no fewer than portance in this discussion. Mr Shore says at
e 'erJ 'half tie naion l 182,v01. i• tuallY the defendant, an appeal to its justice is a cesses you have achieved, to become the patrons and were not taught according to the domestic plan preVas every province in the Empire. He (Lord Brou'e_,livoartn2
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN,
)
4, mind of the I "me new to spyeall'of the state of It appears to me that whatev*er may be thePc.ase de jure, mockery. And thus arises a- Moral aggrav-ation of the helpers of this holy cause-so shall you alleviate the lent in Scotland, and which had lately been introduced entreated him to proceed in his greA SIR,-Ever since the late political crisis and tine
People. No people might be more easily Government is virtually the proprietor of all the land in evil. •• • To sum up the curse consequent on this miseries of India. arrest the march of desolation in into London by the University College in Gower-street, undaunted by any eevilings that
tmhaigthtthbeemmoamdeenatgtrt,
" gis°,vetnid than the Hindai6„ The fact of our now that part of the countryto which the permanentsettlement right of search, which springs from the Government Africa, proclaim with an irresistible voice the freedom and more lately in the King's Col!e.g, Strand. The him, for he might be assured
disappointment of the most sanguine expectations 0 f
and firmness of character, it has been the anxious
' L'ecinTeg the masters of IndiMlSite of the machinations does not extend. It possesses, not by any right or justice, trade in opium, I may say they are as follow :- of the slave in America, purify and enrich themarkets of students there could go home and join in the family began to revile him he was doing good% Tile Noble
ol nuesie and our own misgevernment, is proof to de- but by the assumption of might, the power to assess the the exactions and corruptions ; the grievous delay ; the Europe, and cause the four quarters of the globe to re- worship under the domestic roof-in the Universities and Learned Lord concluded by presentio.g the Pie" the hungry Tories, by her gracious Majesty's decisimi
endeavour of the Tory Journals to misrepresent the
m°nstration that had we:been ordinarily kind, the people revenue at pleasure, to demand what it pleases from insolent exercise of low, ill_paid authority ; the inter- joice in the triumph of your well.directed moral effort. the matter was different ; but that did not apply to the of plate to Mr. Simpson amid great cheeram.g,-re,s
the Queen's reception in public by her devoted subjects. I
would not only have obeyed us, but they would have the owners, farmers, cultivators, or whatever they may ruption of communication, by shutting up ferries, roads, F. Beown, Esq. (late of Tellicherry, India) stated, case of day-schools, or the Universities in London, Mr. Steteson then came forward to aa. 'l,. ef was one of the numerous assemblage at Ascot telt
. done more ; they would have donesthat without which be denominated (often employing for this duty very and routes ; the distress and ruin resulting from false sei. in reference to the famine which had raged in Agra in where the children or youths went to learn writing or meeting, and was most enthusiastically reeelv...e,o A., Thursday, and I can conscientiously say that there li. ts
' cibediefice is worthless-they would'have loved us. But inexperienced agents), and in default of payment it eures,(got upby the Custom-house people to blindtheGo. 1838, when 500,000 human beings perished, that this arithmetic, or any of the branches of the sciences- he was so vain as to consider the present glll:vaisulul not been an instance within my memory, certainly n. it
I can show that somethine more tliiiii apathy exists-I offers the land at public auction, to realize the sum vernment; the diversionoftradeintochannelslessimpeded; terrible loss of life occurred not from the scarcity of food, they went home in the evening, and could join in the manifestation of approval only to himself a! an lndl la ' of late years, when I have witnessed such enthusiastic
will not say treason, but fwill say discontent and dis- awarded, at the same time fixing the assessment on the the advancement of the price of all goods, by reason of but from the impossibility, through poverty, of pule. family prayers. Both plans were right. It was right and not to the advocacy of a great principle, he shfuhlde
gust. I have a number of authorities here, but I shall new occupier at its own valuation, and treating him in these checks and annoyances ; and, worst of all, the de- chasing it ; for during that year there were exported that religion should be taught in the Universities, be unworthy to stand in the dTistinguishe_d presence,
.fi_
trouble You withSverY few. I have a work before me, the same manner if he fails to pay it : and as the &lima moralization of the habits of all parties connected with, from Calcutta to Great liritain, the Mauritius, Bombay, where the young men were separated from their parents did, and to receive from the Noble.v.l:.o.rld
.itehe.luncelen
which was published in Calcutta, and laid before the ratio, when the estate has, from such a mode of treat- or exposed to, the influence of these oppressive and un- and other parts of the world, no less than 926,364 bags and friends ; but it was also right that it should be left cent symbol of approbation •th *1 1
.1
.1 ' et ID
Government of Bengal, by William Adam, Esq., a ment, become so deteriorated that neither farmer nor just measures." Now with regard to the trade in opium, of rice, weighing 168' lbs. each.-( Hear, hear.) The to the parents and scholars, in day-schools and presented. He looked upon this splenLdid gift asi, thine
most cautious writer and acute observer ; and he, speak- purchaser can be found, the collector is authorised to in the first place, it is a monopoly, and who does not quantity exported only to the Mauritius (230,370 bags), Universities or Colleges where the students went assurance of the zeal of those WHO gave i•
d.
ing of the lower proviuces of Bengal, says-" The keep it in his own hands, and make the best he can of it, by set his face against it as a monopoly e-( Hear, hear.) would have supported 578,520 persons. - (Hear.) home. In the case of day-schools, why should the great cause of which he was the humble a
utmost that can be said of native society in general, renting it in detail to the different subordinate cultivators, Then, again, there is the misapplication of the soil,- Cotton and sugar were the principal productions of India, religion be taught with everything else ? What had vocate.-(Loud cheers.) To have his name con-
even in its most favourable aspect, is, that there or ryots. It is difficult to imagine stronger proofs of that which is most adapted for other useful articles being and encouragement for the cultivation of these articles religion to do with writing and arithmetic-(Cheers.) fleeted with such a cause was the greatest honour
is no hostility, but in place of it a cold, dead, apa- ownership than the power to rack-rent an estate in this devoted to the purpose of cultivating this poison. Then had been held out by the late Governor, Sir R. Grant, Music, for instance,
,he thought was a pleasing and a he could desire, but when his humble cz t' s r
thetie indifference, which would lead the people to way." I had intended to citeother illustrations,but wantoe compulsory labour is employed. Next we find the pre- to the natives of the Bombay Presidency-through let- harmless amusement-it was an aerceable amusement, were revvarped by such flatte. ~
. sing marks he felt that he
change masters to-merrow without a struggle, and time forbids me. I cannot, however, forbear bringine vention of the growth of nutritive erain, and a poison is ting out the waste lands to them for the production of and had lad to sober ends, and hbad much humanized was unworthy of them. He came to the metropolis in b,u,rs.ts of loyalty as here evinced by the public con-
tinually during her Majesty's presence I am quive
sure that, however the Tories may try to prejudice
the public mind by misrepresenting facts, that her
majesty has greatly added to her former popularity Ivy
the firmness with which she has resisted the aAtempt of
an unconstitutional encroachment upon the prerogatiiie
of the Sovereign.
Anxious that the gross falsehood in souse of the
fory Papers may not pass uncontradicted, I venture to
trouble you ‘iltrlaivtehtehaebn
without a sigh." Is that a desirable state of things-is to your notice a striking illustration of the system ec'e brought in its place. Then we find' a system of oppres- sugar and the finer species of cotton, tax free for five the mind in various countries ; but could any one bad odour with a great number of his opponents, and
it a necessary state of things ? I answer no. What taxation given by a member of the Madras Government sion and slavery introduced to secure its growth. Then years, and only half tax the next five. But the Court rational being say that music must not be taught with- with a large portion of the community, but the pledge ei;ourAtoib,oe,YSAir,l3 1
rano.
--•-- ' • '
said Sir Charles Metcalfe, the acting Governor of India? a few years ago, and quoted by Henry St. Georee Tucker, CRIMINAL TABLES.
again,we find it coupled with bribery,andspreading demo of Directors had ordered this measure to be rescinded out religion ?-(Cheers.) It was the same thing-if it that had been presented to him that day was far more
1' Such is the state Gf things, that I should not be sur- Esq., one of the East India Directors, in his work on -0-_____
ralization over a great portion of the Chinese empire. We -which was accordinglY done ; though the effect of the was wrong to teach reading, writing, and arithmetic than sufficient to assure him that that bad odour had
prised if I got up sonic morning and found the whole Finance, cited by Mr. Rickards, already named, who find it introduced there by the infraction of the law of na- measure would have been most beneficial, in stimulat- without religion, so also must it be to teach music passed away.-(Cheers.) He had been told that The Criminal Tables for the year 1838, in each
thing blown up"-a rude and soldier-like expression, but aiade the India question his peculiar study. Now, what tions, and the parties frequently fighting their way up the ing native industry.
WRING said he felt great pleasure in P
without it. Then again dancing-he knew that many many were against him, and that among that number division of the kingdom, have recently been deli:, rered to
awfully significant. I will now giva vou an authority is the system which prevails out of the permanentl set- river to land their chests ; and finally we have it produe- Dr. Bo
to accused of all kinds of offences-
resent-a large class, the Friends, objected to dune- were sonie of the fair sex.-(Hear, hear.) He had Parliament, fro.m which it appears that thei re were
Coat you will all respect-it is that of the Hon. John tied districts ?-" Imagine the whole landed interyest- ing guilt and death.-(Hear, hear.) I have here a living his humble support to the benevolent object jog-he did not-there they eiffered. He knew no heard that an excellent lady had refused to come
In England
Frederick Shore, brother of the present Lord Teien- that is, all the landlords of Great Britain, and even the very affecting document. I find the Emperor of China of this societY• The African and the Indian questions harm from it, but lie knew much benefit hear him, because she said that Mr. Simpson was a bad
Scotland 3,418 do.
mouth, who now lies in his grave, but who, while.he capital farmers, at once swept away from off the face of has again interdicted the trade in opium, and in the e'er° closely connected together ; for after all that had from it -it had the effect of harmonizing man. This was a little startling to him ; 'but when Ireland . .
lived, lived and wrote for India. Speaking of the the earth ; imagine a rent fixed on every field in the Canton Register of the leth December there is an ac- been done in favour of Africa, it must be admitted that the character of a people-he had seen it very she was asked why she had said so, she stated that she
state of the peopls, in the second volume of his kingdom, seldom under, generally ' above its means of count of a man, found guilty of keeping an opium the slave trade was not abonshed-that the miseries beneficial in Italy and France, and though in could not tell, but that she knew he was a bad man. 42,235
work, page 136, he says, " Notwithstanding the elo- payment ;' imagine the land so rented, lotted out to smoking shop, being tt brought to the quarter of Canton of slavery still distressed and destroyed that un- those days there was little hope of humanizine the Pe- For his own part he could only say that he should have
Tcohnetroibauptietadi
osofmtehthisin -----
quent declamation so often pronounced in favour the villagers, according to the number of their cattle separated for the use of the British and other foreigners, happy land. -CI-lean) Every individual in this ninsula, in former times it had proved most 'beneficial considered himself a bad man if he had judged a fel- Of these there were charged with :--
superior favour, but are regarded by them with the collected or remitted at their discretion, accordin tc: chnenarn.t)ry
of the British India Government, and against the and ploughs, to the extent of fort or fift acres each,
• Tyrannical Barbarians' whom we have supplanted, Imagine the revenue rated as aboyve, leviyable throueh
the truth is forced on us, that we have not gained any the agency of one hundred thousand revenue officeei;
strongbst feeling of aversions and that they would hail their idea of the occupant's means of pa • hg h
ying, w et er
with joy the first opportunity of emancipating them- from the produce of his land or his separate property •
tt oh e bi
re i
ds
et
ar a i
oi gfl e :hien
et ho
ne
dsucteuta roef i
on
ofrr o nGt
oovfetvho em feaectt oarai
de s
0. "f thweasshfaepreeiholyf
hthaevree.
fir:Vt elohodheergtlowoueghant itexu
,s 1 emf ui
ol
,onine
hloaedechreeaetoureoonasgratltioaltatleaddyhhyado jfurdiegnedd hoiline ,
oatnhderupuoany
ln order that they might exhibit in th„trong„t man. taxation, towards keeping up slavery, and the work say that no child must be taught to dance without no better grounds. But " these things passed by him,
ner the ebhorrence in which they held the trade, and of abolition Yet remained to be completed.-(Hear, having an ins tructor, who, before he could teach, must as the idle wind that he regarded not:"-(Cheers,) He
gcouinntry a;tiobnutinvintuhledolaongyy
our countrymen, they brought the culprit into the transferred. to America to support slavery; when it order to see if he was qualified for the office.-(Laugh- upon the progress he was making in the great lei
square in front of the factories established by the English would in India, among free labourers, become more pro- ter.) It was ridiculous, but it was not him that made cause he had undertaken to advocate, and upon ..______-_ --
Offences against the person...... 1,859 787 4,32'5
violeensceg 13 11) 'Y 1 1,538 1 577
ffences against property without' '
, Offenc a ainst ro ert with
violence
England. Scotland. Ireland.
1 18,278 ! 1,585 7,436
that he might be strangled there. This, by great exertion (inetive.-( Hear, hear, hear.) Happily, throughout the it se• The ridicule was the fault of those who held his inquiring why he did so, he stated that he was con- Malicious Offences against pro-1 . 122
- selves from our yoke, so bitterly do they feel our op- and, in order to encourage every man to act as a spy'
' 89 , 57
was prevented and the man put to death elsewhere, This world, interest was associated with duty ; and our coin- %hese Preposterous and ridiculous, that was laughable, vinced he was doing good because he had been attacked F perty
pression and injustice." Mr. Shore, p. 146, vol., i., on his neighbour, and report his means of paying, that
asks, " Why should the natives of India be grateful? he may eventually save himself from extra demand, circumstance clearly shows the strong feeling of the mercial prosperity was inseparably and deeply involved ooetrines. In the same way it was necessary that the by the Tinies.-(Cheers.) He felt convinced that his otreeer&n.aenne
, _ Why attached? What have they to be grateful for ? imagine all the cultivators of a villa..e liable at all times Chinese, that though their ignorant countryman was in the improvement of India.-(Hear, hear.) men in the Army and Navy should have their profes- endeavours had been greatly overrated.-(Cries of 3,036
v d Offences againsti
503 i
no
..
194
Other Offencesynot included above' 897 297
, Placed by the chances of war, or negociations ha which to a separate demand, in order to nub up for the failure the victim, the disgrace and infamy properly attached Mr. CRAWFURD (late Governor of Sincapore, and sional education ; but who ever thought of examining the e No.") Accident had brought him into his present
, they had-no share, under our authority, they have been of one or more individuals of the parish. Ima ine to the British.--(Hear, hear.) I will now draw your the Minister who negociated the treaty with the Bir- corporal or the drill-sergeant to know whether was a position. Three years ago he would not have believed I 23,094 3,418 15,723
.----
•• rulid by a s t
ys em whose primary principle was self- collectors to every county acting under the ordergs of attention to another fact which I need not illustrate. man Empire) next addressed the meeting. He said member of the Established Church of England and Ire- that he should have stood before such an assembl
• interest and exaltation. They have witnessed, year a board, on the avowed principle of destro ing all --Y , The ages of persons accused were-
.--........
There is slavery in the East Indies. We have strug- that he had acquired considerable experience in the land ?-(Laughter.) Would any one, however, say that and for such a purpose-(Cheers)-but he found
1 England. 1 Scotland. I Ireland,...
.by 3 ear, the gradual decay of their power, their dignity, competition for labour, by a general equalization of as- gled twenty years for the abolition of West Indian state of India, and he could bear testimony to the soldiers and sailors should not be taught religion-far when he was doing good that he bed a stimulus to go 1 I i
and their wealth ; the ruin of their princes and go- sessment ; seizing and sending back runaways to each HNlales., Females. ..,11.ales. Females. enale'-•-;-.-T-ecinalee•
slavery, but there are double or treble that number in genet al accuracy of Mr. Thompson's eloquent state- from it ;he would have them relieious and pious men- on, and he felt proud of the result of his exertions ;he 172% 1 31/ 49 58 16 103! 20
. vernors, and the daily increasing poverty of the whole other-and lastly, imagine the collector, the sole ma- British India. In the official evidence I find it stated meats. He could not, however, agree with Mr. God forbid they should not, for triey stood much in need had done something for the working classes, and though 12 to 16' 1,933' 3581 368 66 69 163
prple, caused by the rapacity and mismanagement of gistrate, or justice of the peace of the county, throueh that slaves are plentiful in many of the districts, and Thompion as to the excellence of the Indian insti- of it ; hut let them be taught by their own pastors, and not so maanificent asthe one he had been presented with 16 to 21, 5,562 1,1651 700 199 2,409. 95859
. teluedir
dgovernors. They have suffered by being ex- the medium and instrumentality of whom alone any that a slave 15 years old is sold for 15 rupees, those 20 tutions• On the contrary, he knew that the not bY the corporal and the drill-sergeant, who could that day,h'ehad some valuable tokensfrom them expressive 21 to 301 5,935, 1,280! 738 268 4,929171
1'5262758
4300 to
540. 21
073.)3 6731 410447 1640 !,
001
e from every office which it was possible to bestow criminal complaint of personal grievance suffered by the years of age for 20 rupees. Let us not state Indians considered our own to be superior. The real teach them their Professional duties whether he were a of their gratitude for what he had done.-(Cheers.)
upon an Englishman ; they have seen the abolition of subject can reach the superior courts. Imagine „. ,
- • that which is not the truth -that slavery is cause of the bad condition of India-of the poverty Churchman or no. Then it was said they under- He looked upon the education of the working classes 50 ttoo
0g „5....1z.6) 396 j . 7 .I C
1461 69 29 '3lo' 115
almost every hereditary institution by which the affairs at the same time every subordinate officer, ern: aeousned throughout the British dominions- of the People-was the badness of the Government. valued religion if it were not taught at every time-they as the education of the people ;he had always met Above 60 289 7ii 18 8 1011 40
of tho country were formerly administered ; and have ployed in the collection of the land revenue, to be let us not state this while there are 2,000,000 The Produce of the land might be taken, to any extent, undervalued itwhen theY said, "Go you Dissenters, and them in the spirit of good fellowship and equality, and t ' 365 45' 117 16 9351 174
been mocked by a harassing and vexatious system of a police officer, vested with the power to fine cnn- of slaves in India, men, women, and chil- by the tax-gatherers-for new assessments were con- send your children to us for instruction ; what matters he had found men among them with feelings of the I ____-....-._.....-
miscalled justice, infinitely more expensive, and less fine, put in the stocks, and flirg any inhabita-nt the differences of our creed." A conscientious Dis- highest order.-(Cheers). He considered his meetings 1 •11 -64' 3 659
18,905 4,189 2,609 809 i ,i ,
dren, who are bought and sold like cattle. By ever , stantly made-so that capital could never accu-
* And'under
efficient than their own, under which oppression and within his range, on an char e without oath of the principle on which we maintained our conflict in day3s mulate. The misfortune of India was, that the senter cannot do that ;he could not have his child with the workine classes of the country the greatest era e Age not aseertained,
injustice have pervaded the land. This is, in a few accuser, or sworn reclrded ge;idence. in the case." gone by-by every petition stored in Palace-yard-by people of this country took no interest about it- taught hy their Priest- Suppose the Dissenter were to in his life, for he'lad always found them pay the greatest -.......--
words, a summary of their obligations to the British What think you of the land-tax of India ? Need you every pledge we have given not to lay down the wea- exercised no surveillance over its Government. India say that he valued religion very much, and be insisted attention to vrhat he stated and to profit more by it The degree of instruction when committod :-_____i___________--•
Government. Nor have they fared much better in the now wonder that there is poverty-that there is discon- pons of our warfare untilths monster is slain-by every was governed by two secret conclaves, bandying respon- upon the Churchman's child being:taught by his pastor, than those of a higher deeree. He had always told England. Scetlar2hle„..
treatment they have received from the English as in- tent and incipient rebellion? Need ou wonder th t regard for consistency-4 call upon you to gird up sibility backwards and forwards between them.-(Loud as the differences between them were so trifling, accord- them to be up and doing-(Crieers)-to gird themselves Males. Females. Males. Female'
dividuals." I must pass rapidly on to notice another there is hun r 4 tFt? L t y ing to the churchman's own stating ?-(Laughter.) That 6,342 1,601 353 19s
ge an. mor ai y. eme mention anoa- your loins for the great te d glorious work of breaking cries of " Hear, hear.") The local Government of India like men-(Cheers.)-and to let no man he contented Neither read nor write
striking feature in the present state of India, namely, its ther evil-the mode of surveying the land previous to the fetters of the slavesi n India. Let it not be said was disposed to be liberal, acting in consonance with the was the same thing as was now insisted upon-the diffe• with a lot that he could better b d • (C 1 eel
declining state, and I care not how you test it-the fixing the amount of the tax. Mr. Shore sa sit is the that you have lighted up the West with the mild general feeling of the European residents. There was the rence between the Church and Dissent, must be the Refaecdtaind write imper-
',.)9
120,000581 2,230426 1,556-9.
61
r He had told them too, to claiYme =el-Teti:2M)
Read Lid write well
2
fiffections of the people are on the decline, the revenue general practice for the cultivator to bribe the stir- radiance of freedom, and left reeions of oppression in greatest cordiality between the European residents and the same as between Dissent and the Church-(Cheers their country as a right, because he looked upon Superior instruction
is on the decline, and the sceptre of dominion is totter- veyor, that he may make the assessment easy ;
lus 5. The Churchman said, God forbid. It ends in
and laughter)-the one was 6 minus 1, the other was 1
and the East unexplored, and their helpless inhabitants un- natives ; and he (Mr. Crawfurd) was the agent for it as one-(Cheers)-for they paid towards Instruction not ascer-
-7
ii!g in the hand that might have been rendered in- Gen. Briggs, (page 493) says " The season of harvest 430 51 67
emancipated.-(Cheers.) It is true that in 1833 a both, to superintend the presentation of petitions P the support of the Government not only to protect tained
_____l.--............
vincible by 100,000,000 of human beines. Captain having arrived, the cultivators' are not allowed to cut mitigatory clause was introduced into the Act for re- and memorials to Government and to Parliament, this, that he was insincere ; it was a pretext, a cover
Westmac t • them from foreign aggression and internal broils, but to 809
M.., in page 47, has thus summeSup the state their crops till the latter have undergone a third inspec- newing the charter, but down to this time nothing against the exactions of the East India Company, and for persecution.-(Cheers.) It was nothing more than protect them in the blessings of light and virtue. 18,905 4,189 2,.6!9____._._.--s
of affairs in India in this aspect :-" The waste lands be- tion by the collector and his cutcherry ; and if the dis- a mask and cloak for their intolerance-either on the
h.as been done to abolish slavery in the East In- their resumption of the tax for lands. He had
longing to v•
dies. The question which I now bring before you been asked whether he apprehended any danger one hand they did not care a straw about the matter, insttructed beyond reading and writing w.ere-___:_-
____..----
hTande roan
lwy aas
mn oarfae
la ra
af odr
atahl ei g qh ut
ei
Ile te
dofpatphaelcaocue.n-tryccihfatehrae.e)- The Offences charged
illages, and reserVed by the inhabitants to trict is extensive •
, or the collector dilatory, many crops
timid.
meet the wants of their increasing populations, and to are destroyed before the permission is ranted. All this is really and truly an anti-slavery question, not merely from such a society as this ; he believed that or, and there was no third course, the one sect shall
teach, and have their children taught, at the expense of And if, for doing these things, he was to be subjected Englan d.
.t50......i...
support schools, charities, and caravanseries, have been process is deemed requisite to prevengt the necessity of as it bears on the natives of India, but of America and there would be no danger whatever-that on
the others, whose children shall be excluded.-(Cheers.) eeme.____(
to persecution, he would say that persecution was wel- - -
ldwgd
nas
vsaa
ei
yudt
ees
sre
oml
cemasomsnoeteeyoh
wff
wuehrmi
et
shace
trcahehnse dp
ape
nfear
tro
il
ttni
ohai
qmat
uhbe i
oroti
etu
Cut
ashi
fto,
pvt
euhf
hori
_sr,
;ppropriated by our Government. The rich manu- superintending the actual cutting, thrashing, and 'nee- Africa. I had intended to draw your attention to a the contrary, there would be great advantage - both Cheers.) It had been said, that he was de- in England and Scotland a gtainst 1). ersion
~; -a r 9
actures of India have dwindled from their prosperity. suring of the grain ef each field or village." Another most important branch of the question-namely, the to India and the Indian Government, for the more nounced because he separated religion from education ; is! a -4 w
. , , . , .
.. ~ 2 . P. .
• beautiful muslin. of Dacca, the brocades of Be- evil, too, is the system of inland sea-duties. This is great facility with which all that we obtained from that was known in this country about India, the better
pet I ihoo euso
enwd. t aer y:
He wrw:ovoi uti
unl
he denied that he had done any such thing. He was -
........--
pares,
.and the shawls and jewelry of Delhi, are no dwelt on in a work before me ably and convincingly, slave countries might be obtaieed in India. The people it would be.-( Hear, hear.) He had never known
1
the friend to the combination ef religion with secular Mu de
l‘mger in demand. Agra, Kalpy, Dacca, and other but as the time wanes fast, I can only give the are waiting to send you abundant supplies, and when any discontent created among tbe natives by the con-
emh
neue
sme t
-u sbi tile a dfgadi
cv
tte,hn ai,
ft
hha
ee
pwl fauufsel
tdr a
sage!
yve e
twnh
aoa
st o
tthoh
ee rbwes eo cugtl i
di
,a, e
npr,raet
aft :nerd; education, but all that he desired was that they should Starbbinr at Stabbing and Wounding 2
great commercial and manufacturing towns of the em- result of the Government inquiry into this part the incubus of an intolerable system of taxation duct of private individuals of the European residents.
. . 4
pire,situ.ated on the principal rivers,have shrunk within of the subject undertaken in 1834 by Charles Tre- not be so blended as to injure each other.-(Cheers.) Manslaugghte'r
5
shall be removed, the land will be cultivated, and both But he had known many insurrections created by the Culpable Homicide
He wished to see real reli ious education, and he was
half their former limits. Religious endowments have velyan, Esq., and whose able report has been printed at convinced that that was ognly to be
.accomplished by 1
countries enricbed. Remember that the mariner who oppressive exactions of the Government officers. Attempts to procure Miscarriage
hcea sequestrated ; and the reservoirs and aqueducts Calcutta, and from a copy of which I read as follows :
with the Dissenters of all denominations, he was ver
ploughs the waves, the merchant who owns the vessel, 'l'. FRANLAND, Esq., remarked, that he had often it were given to the Church. In his communication calling upon the clergy of all persuasions to take the •
th i . i ountry are gone to decay. The -He designates the system "as utterly barbarous
hat fertil sed the c
Y education of the youth of their different denomina- 1
;,, the manufacturer who spins the raw material, the man heard it said, naturally enough-" Oh, India is so far off
get all their own way, to get the upper hand of each AA
ssnss
aaa
tui u
ri
ll
tt
a,
wl wi
At i
hit hi i
nd Aet
emt
nt eet matnopotcr
staor
nc
ao
Iml
ymAi tb
uUs ne n.n.a.-.
31
c. ar table institutions ; the asylums for the poor, the and says, "if it were desired to depress the productive who sells the manufactured article, and he who con- -there are objects at home." He did not wish any of sorry to say that he had found them quite as anxious to
2
sick, and the maimed ; splendid and useful public works, powers of Indian industry could any scheme be devised lions into their own hands. - (Cheers.) He Bigamy
thou lit if the question of the educatiop of th peo- 1 35
sumes it, that all these and many more are interested the home objects to be neglected ; but let it be recol- Assaults, Common.
are crumbling to dust ; and the wells and resting- for the purpose more effeCtual than this ? Although we le Ls sufficiently pushed, and the Legislature eac•ted
in the cultivation of cotton in the East Indies. Why, lected that England, as a commercial nation, was the other, as ever the Church was to get the upper hand of Breaking into Shops, B‘c
places in the desert, built and endowed by princes and have seen ocular demonstration of its existence yet rioldly, the great end they had in yew would be ac- House Stealing
then, keep six hundred thousand fellow-beings in neighbour to all the ends of the earth, so that no part of the them all.-(Cheers.) Ife there must be exclusion, he
the wealthy and benevolent as a refuge for the tra- when it has been once abolished, the world will find
it was the Established Church and was not naturally
would be for Church exclusion over that of the sects ; Larceny in Dwelling-houses 1
bondage on the soil of America ?-(Loud cheers.) world was beyond our reach, or too :distant for our complished.-(Cheers.) But if manliness and deter- - from the Person.
yeller under an eastern sun, are neglected and fallen it difficult to believe that such a system could have
Why let the Republican despot, with the Bible in one benevolence. The objects of the Society w ere, to mination were not persevered in on the art of the -- by Servants. . 1
to ruin." I would draw your attention to another fee- been tolerated by us for the letter part of a century. 11 1 14
e hand and a scourge in the other, put his iron heel on bring together and to analyse correct facts, and of a persecutine spirit ; its natural state was rather Government, they would never succeed.-P (Cheers.)
ture in India, the existence all over the country of Another evil in India and a serious one, is the man- 1
the neck of his brother ? Why let the air be rent with to procure the best information respecting India- one of quiet indifference ; she was a good, well dis- Fixtures, &c.
waste lands un ' They had truth on their side accompanied by real ge- 5
' - • - Embezzlement. lO
, cultivated lands, where the tiger, the ner of treatin h ,•
the sighl and groans of the millions who are now in to publish or reprint the best works upon the Posed neighbour, if she were let alone ; but he
hyena, the ' cle 1 gt e natives-the mode adopted by Eu- nuine • • •
religion, and with such companions, by per- Stealing Letters .. 1
ja a , the. vulture, the boa-constrictor ropean functionaries in thei • • • captivity, when the rice of Carolina, and the cotton of subject-to procure and disseminate, by means was sorry to say that she had some bad friends 1 3
dwell : there man • r communications with the severance they must triumph.-(Loud cheers.) Receiving Stolen Goods
-Stealin-g
might dwell, and around him might inhabitants of their districts. I had selected • Georgia, and the sugar of Cuba, and the coffee of of a periodical, the latest intelligence about India, and in her own bosom, who had stirred her up, Simple
4 2 4
He would say to the peo lc of this countr u on this Fraud
a variety
gmr.ow.
.and_
.th_ri.ve a. plen.tiful harvest : his granary of extracts tending to show that the want of con& 2
Porto Rico, . might be. . grown .in superabundance to support an efficient system of agency, to establih so that she had departed . from that course, question, Agitate-(Chels)-that was a YtePrm far Arson
'gm be full, his family might be fed. I will give a few dence, and the discontent apparent in oar Indian o- on the plains of British India.-(Loud cheers.) auxiliaries in the country, (for these ends pecuniary aid and. had become more meddling and much more more respectable in these latter days than formerly. Sending Letters Threatening to Burn 1
1
authorities. Colonel Munro has declared that in the pulation is to be attributed to the absence of cPon- There is, however, a great work to be done before was earnestly desired). anxious to push herself into a preponderance and mas- (Cheers.) The whole system of nature was a itation.- ipi:ouZsal'ei u Off nces 2
ceded districts, with which he was particularly ac- ciliatory manners on the part of the Compan 's ser- cultivation can be extended in India, arid to that work Major-General BRIGGS, (the author of an ex- tery over the other sects. As an illustration, he might (Cheers.) The breeze that a itated the forL ensured FO' ;rry, and 9U:tering Forged Instruments 6 9
, quairited, there were 3,000,000 acres of cultivable land vants. I shall give you but one specimenyof the I would invite every friend of commerce and manufac- cellent work upon the Land-Tax in India) made mention that when he had his Schools Bill in contem- 7 4
unappropriated. Colonel Sykes, in his evidence before behaviour of the British towards the natives which tures, as well as every philanthrophriat. The Chamber some statements, from which it appeared that the plation, he received from forty to fifty deputies from all a healthy vegetation. (Cheergs ) The storm that agi- Drrea:h of the Peace
tated the deep blue sea rendered it a blessing instead of Keerng Disorderly House. c _ It .
a curse-(Cheers.) The hurricane that raged in the desert anors not otherwise des ribed
nha , n
~ e .
. ..e. Committee of the House of Commons, stated that in I find in the Asiatic Jour 1: " I th, M of Commerce of Manchester had recently turned their municipal institutions of 'lndia were in many respects I,!•rts of-the country-Mayors of towns, and all classess.
the district •of Kandeish there were 844 per cent. of fussil, no one dares g t °- attention to the subject. The question was naturally very superior to ours ;in proof of this he read some very Ihe result of all their deliberations was that every pa- dispelled its pestilential exhalations-(Cheers)-and .
____ ---- ___ ..........
o o t e nouse or a judge rish or half parish should be allowed as many schools I
waste lands which were cultinable ; and in Dharwar !lector ith if 11 asked, where was the neeessity for a servile dependence interesting extracts from the supplement to his own who could douht th t even the dreadful tornado had Total 74 51 91 2
or co vi . is s oes on, nor can he address u
83/. The Marquis Cornwallis once said, in a dis h A ' ? Could not cotton be d kd. ' ' f h f h 11 .. hh. d
pon merica procure wor , escriptive ot e economy o te vi aoes e a as were wanted, provided there was an agreement be- ' •
tween them and the Central Board. It was agreed a • f l d • ' -
some blessed end in the councils o a benevo ent an PMriissoenamßreeaking
The Relative Proportions of accused persons with reterenve
patc those gentlemen without folded hands." And then the
to the Court of Directors--" I may safely assert that writer goes on to give a number of Indian words, which elsewhere-in Egypt ?-in the East Indies ? They inspected.
one-third of the Company's territory in Hindostan is I shail not attempt to pronounce, eviaining the teems that there must first be this common agreement, be- omnipotent God.--(Great cheering. He had no only to to their intellectual condition, were,-
sent a deputation to the metropolis to inspect the At the conclusion of his speech the business was de- return his best thanks for the inestimable gift that had England. Scotland.
now a jungle, inhabited only by wild beast " d
s. An
.of respect and homage they are constrained to employ records of the East India House ? The De- dared at an end, and the meeting separated. cause, if there were not, snpposine there were in the lo- 34.40 16.12
' been bestowed upon him, which, long after he was for- Unable to read and write
the people are famishing. I ask, why not cultivate tyheet 60,56
presence of these high personages. He then says •
imitation diligently and ably performed their _. • _ . .. . cality 200 Dissenters and 201 Churchmen, the Dissenter Able to read and write imperfectly ... 53.4.1
land ? That question shall be answered presently. I I.!") gotten, would proclaim to his children that their father 18.43
kb:one must cough, although he has a cold ; his pre- work, and the conclusion to which they arrived PRESENTATION OF A PIECE OF would be at the mercy of the Churchmen without any
had some little share in • • th • fd f d '
raising, e spring- i e o e u-
come now to s
Instruction superior to reading and
peak of one of the most strange features I was that there was no natural impediment to the growth 1-but b the revious a reement this was ob-
PLATE TO MR. SIMPSON, THE EMINENT aPPea Y
.1) g ,
0.34 2.72-1
can draw your attention to. One of the first sy t ldb ' cl• tl •hd All d
sumption wou e 'came la e y pun's e . , great an cation, of which they were then reaping the benefit. •t• ,
wr: inb
2.17-
of cotton in India. The cotton seed was ready, the LECTURER UPON E DUCATION. %gated by the superintendence of the General Board. kble to read and write well ~. ...... ... 9.7 e
of civilization has been said to b h lelimP °me small, stand with their hands together."-(Laughter.) Mr. Simpson concluded amid much cheering. Instruction not ascertained .... ..... ... 208
eSt e gi et.-(A people were willing, but that the Government system of Ann lt was agreed that no article, or subscription of an-
_____ -_---....
: laugh.) The next is a good road. Mr. Shore states facts in great numbers of the same On the motion of Dr. Comm.() a vote of thanks
100.00 100.00 .
ut you shall hear taxation deprived the cultivator of nine bags out of A numerous and highly respectable meeting was held article should be necessary, but it was agreed that th'e
was carried to the Noble and Learned Chairman for his
• the state of thin •Id• • ls. •
gs in niain t is part l I e a *
icu ar. am per- h racter Another rievaac ih r is s eed
g ewh c equ re P y every twelve, thus rendering his labour profitless. Not, on Saturday inWillis's Rooms, for the purpose of present- 'Bible in all schools should be a reading book. That k• •
mitted to use t d i
correction, is the salt monopoly.-(Hear.) I ha n- indness in presiding, and the meeting separated. different in Ireland. The result was as follows :-
. he valuable MS. recentl d • therefore until this system was altered would cotton be ing Mr. Simpson with a very handsome silver salver, was not agreed to till after much discussion, but it I.
Males. Female
he deliberati y rawn up to aid tended to enter largely into this subject, bult cannot.
71
t . ons of the Committee by Major-General extensively grown and imported into this country, value 200 guineas, which had been subscribed for by was found neces •ary to yield, that the Scriptures
4.537 2.2
In India the cultivation, as it is called, and sa eof salt NELSON MONUMENT. Neither read nor write .
, Briggs ; and upon the subject of roads this all t tl to supersede the produce of slaves in America. those who have benefitted by his lectures upon the sub- ought to form part and parcel of the education in The Classification with reference to intellectual Conslition l°
:826
g .an gen e-
-..*. Read only
.567
is a monopoly in the hands of the Company. The T all schools. He urged that there were Jews who A • f
- man, who has himself sore! f 1 •
ye t the inconvenience, says, • • he same was true of sugar, of rice, and of coffee- ject of education.
meeting o the Committee respecting the Nelson Read and write
.295
" The total absence of high roads, by which the traffic of native is not allowed to use this necessary of life, even
1.120
with all other articles now obtained from slave countries. Lord BROUGHAM took the chair at 12 o'clock. They objected to the New Testament, and there were the Monument took place on Saturday, at the Thatched
haen
haavgareedhisthaath,
ildprotvaidaegt anal), r
ommt ee Instruction not ascertained
__..--
the country might be conducted, is found to be f when produced by the action of the sun upon the sea-
-(Hear, hear ) These facts would, he had no doubt, had met on an occasion which he was quite sure every Catholics vrho objected to one version of the
House Tavern, the Marquis of Angelsea in the chair. 11 764 3.959 i
the heaviest evils with which our Easter d . °Re ? water at his own door. Nay more, he is compelled to •
n ominions is
afflicted. One large navigable river passes through a destroy it, and to buy and use that only which is offered have their due:weight in a meeting composed of indivi- one would feel to be one of great interest and import_ Bairbelne.t
alhit
Sir G. COCKBURN said the Sub-C •tt had but h i, roporti°ll"
The Tables are not framed so as to s ew t ese p
gw lc ance, no on y
ecently procured a room adapted for holding the models. with respect to convictions.
.tract of one thousand miles of country in Up Id" by the Company, and upon which they h their own duals-rational, as well as humane-a meetin h. h t Iso far as their feelings were concerned in P
would not forget the great importance of those moral respect of gratitude and interest in the lecturer, but of e cwt eads tt
any of those books it should not be done. It was
d..
per n la, • . . Thirteen artists, alleging that the h d
y a not had su cient
fn • The Number executed was, in all 1838:- Irelen
price. Remember, among a rice-fed population, like then said, suppose a great majority of the children were England. Scotland. 3
into which other streams, navieahle for several months instrumentalities employed by this vast empire.- great importance and interestine on account of its influ- notice desired that though ti h i t nt i thei
ley ae no se n . r
in the year, fall in its course ,'end Ine thi that of India, salt is indispensable. The native will semi- (Hear, hear.) He put it to them, whether it was ence upon the great cause or education, and the pro- anxious to read the Scriptures, and be taught in the models' 'or to the' la `
.st Saturday in May (the period Murder 5 1
-
e ut i
no !, s great out- fice anything for this seasoning. The iniquities of this not th •d t f h kifhh 1 d th 't s steadily makine If th y would permit him Principles of the Established Church would that he oh- d b Phi.' Attempt to Murder ... 1 •••
....-
let a considerable traffic, in ;erg wieldy and unsafe eir uy to per orm tat wor wic eia us gross iwa e. e . 9 ' fixe yt e Committee), they might be allowed now to
e boats, is conducted up the river, 'at the avera e rate of monopoly shall hereafter be fully exposed. Let me say a feebly set before them.-( Hear, hear.) " You can put before going into the immediate business of the day, he Jected to. The Dissenters immediately said," We shall send them in -. _ 3
few words about opium. The trade in this article la also • Total 6 1
about ten miles a day. From the PresidenciL of Ma- dovvn slavery," continued Mr. Thompson, " I say it un- would, at no great length, allude to one or two of the be subscribing our money for teaching. that which we Al • the Poligi'tti".
drag and Bombay, a single road has, in each case, been a monopoly in the hands o! the Hon. C.ompapy. I"!e- hesitatingly. England has the power in her ewn hands most important topics connected with the lectures which cannot approve of." He answered then that they must This was aereed to unani ousl , n the understandin
that no alteration had tak m I -Y.
°th d 1 g together ten persons, or one in 2,648,600 of
...,,...........
WO
viouS to the year 1796, opium was admitted into Cnina
lately constructed, to the distance of about one hundred to crush Slavery all over Christendom. She can bless had been the means of creating that intercourse which take the teaching of the Scriptures out of the plan alien plaece in e z e__!.
f r MEETING IN FAVOUR OF -
It was th
on the paymeat of a duty. when a fey,/ hundred chests en agreffeadrdtl ait :1 Jornin.itt
hadjourn o
miles, along which, within the last six or eight years India-she can proclaim emancipation in America. At had given rise to the meeting•-(Cheers.) He believed together, because of the Jews and the Catholics. POLES.
annually were i .
mported Since that time the trade has a fortni ht vewing te. ,
models •
the post is conveyed by horses, and carts travel at the' present she upholds the abominations of Slavery, and that all were agreed upon the prime necessity of " Oh," said they, " that is a very different case, that theg ' t'es a •t m _...._
been openly interdicted, and yet clandestine! intro- üblic be admitted from Monday (this day) to UN.
same rate as the traffic goes up the stream of the Y the Slave trade. Her money bribes the planter and education-all parties in politics-all sects in re_ for Christianity is part and parcel of the law of TO THE EDITOR OF THE S e ort of
Saturdaypthe 15th of J n •b ders f b
ll
duced at the rate of 20,000 chests annua y, which cost u e, y or rOill mem ers
Ganges. The exertion of some local officers, too, have the manstealer ; her looms weave ; her sons and ligion, and if there were any who belonged to the land. They were ng lawyers who said that, for it is Sir,-In your paper of' this evening, I read a r P.. it
of the CO • •
mmittee, to view the models • that the Co -
the Chinese four millions of pounds sterling. . . . , , 4
, rn the meeting held last evening, at Theobald's-road..„o.
~ oaugn‘ers consume the produce. of the slave, but no sect, they also agreed in that one neces- not so-the argument cut against themselves, for the •
led to the construction of tolerable roads fo f
r a ew
mittee meet on the 19th of June (Wednesday) for the
The followin,, sta
e tement exhibits the consumption of whenever our nation turns its attention, and enter- sity. The only question was in what manner it sh Ch • • • f 1 E bl. Id Ch hf E 1 d
ali ristianity ot ie sta is le urc o ng an and contains inaccuracies prejudicial to my character. "ee
miles around the principal towns, constructed w•
ithout
purpose of taking a decision on the model to be selected ; R t 0"-
opium during the last twenty years. prise, and capital to India, and to the hundred best be furnished with the greatest comfort to those Ireland is the law of the land. They reflected upon the - eporter first states that the confusion was so grea
e,
expense to the State, by the employment of prisoners
aboi"
Chests. Value. and that the selection be mode in the following man- continual, that he could
millions who will work there at Id, or 2d. per day, who are to give it, the greatest benefit to those who matter, and saw all its difficulties not understand anything
lin irons ; and the extension of this benefit has -they saw they were n that
1816 3,210 3,657,000 er-each member to write on a piece of paper the h s,
foreign nations will no loneer be able to say, that we are to receive it, and the greatest safety to the grand about to give one rule to themselves, and anothee to their wat was going on ;he however, afterwards saY 0 .
.ately been undertaken along some principal lines
bean'
1820 4,770 8,400,800 names of three models, and the number which had Tr •
uphold slavery on the oaier side of the atlantic.- principle of civil and religious liberty.-(Cheers.) Few feilow-subjects the Jews. He had always found-and he h • • 1 ajor Beniowski could not obtain the chair, e,
in the. Bengal Presidency, on the same limited and
1 hoP
comical • • 1825 9,621 7,608,205 t e majority was to be selected ; the election to cons- the Poles thozwht generall li
(Cheers.) To effect this change in public sentiment had suffered more anxiety of mind than he had done for was sorry and ashamed to be obliged to acknowledge „ y e was a spy. st
see . principle. Such a system for tlie internal 12 900,031
know
eemmu i r 1830 18,760 mence at one and close at four.
and action we must enlighten the country. We the improvement of mankind•-(Cheers)-in intelii- it-that every one sect was equally intolerant as the , Sir, you will find it astonishing how he could
_a a
meat on o. a territory as extensive E 15,338,160
as urope, 1832 23,670 Thanks ha • - . •
• ving been voted to the Noble Mar i
excluding Russia, is wors . must hold public meetings, and stir up the mercantile gence, in virtue, in Piety as well as in moral virtue, yet C. hurshe eyer was. Persons who thought themselves e, 41,„ _Let_ 41,_ ,-,_____:„_
...,e_____e qu s any, and particularly at such a meeting, who wnno ;
believed_ tae, .r,....L_,,• e than mockery. Will it be 1836 27,111 17,904,248

„England's Queen,” Yet in that country there died of
British subjects--peaceable—loyal—and would have
been attached subjects—during last year, no fewer than
`hay a" naion ! I come new to speak of the state of
mind of the people. No people might be more easily
governed than the Hint The The fact of our now
. being the masters of India, Rite of the machinations
of Russia and our own misgovernment, is proof to de-
monstration that had we;been ordinarily kind, the people
would not only have obeyed us, but they would have
done more ; they would have done that without which
Obedience is worthless—they wouldhave loved us. But
I Can show that something more tlitiii apathy exists—l
will not say treason, but I say discontent and dis-
gust. I have a number of authorities here, but I shall
trouble you withSvery few. I have a work before me,
which was published in Calcutta, and laid before the
Government of Bengal, by William Adam, Esq., a
most cautious writer and acute observer ; and he, speak-
ing of the lower proviuces of Bengal, says—" The
utmost that can be said of native society in general,
even in its most favourable aspect, is, that there
is no hostility, but in place of it a cold, dead, apa-
thetic indifference, which would lead the people to
change masters to-morrow without a struggle, and
without a sigh." Is that a desirable state of things—is
it a necessary state of things ? I answer no. What
said Sir Charles Metcalfe, the acting Governor of India?
" Such is the state of thing,, that I should not be sur-
prised if I got up sonic morning and found the whole
thing blown up"—a rude and soldier-like expression, but
awfully significant. I will now give you an authority
teat you will all respect—it is that of the Hon. John
Frederick Shore, brother of the present Lord Tein'm-
mouth, who now lies in his grave, but who, while he
lived, lived and wrote for India. Speaking of the
state of the people, in the second volume of his
work, page 136, ho says, " Notwithstanding the elo-
quent declamation so often pronounced in favour
of the British India Government, and against the
• Tyrannical Barbarians' whom we have supplanted,
the truth is forced on us, that we have not gained any
superior favour, but are regarded by them with the
strongbst feeling of aversions and that they would hail
with joy the first opportunity of emancipating them-
selves from our yoke, so bitterly do they feel our op-
pression and injustice." Mr. Shore, p. 146, vol., i.,
asks, " Why should the natives of India be grateful?
Why attached? What have they to be grateful for ?
Placed by the chances of war, or negociations in which
they had no share, under our authority, they have been
ruled by a system whose primary principle was self-
interest and exaltation. They have witnessed, year
by year, the gradutal decay of their power, their dignity,
and their wealth ; the ruin of their princes and go-
vernors, and the daily increasing poverty of the whole
people, caused by the rapacity and mismanagement of
their governors. They have suffered by being ex-
cluded from every office which it was possible to bestow
upon an Englishman ; they have seen the abolition of
almost every hereditary institution by which the affairs
of the country were formerly administered ; and have
been mocked by a harassing and vexatious system of
miscalled justice, infinitely more expensive, and less
efficient than their own, under which oppression and
injustice have pervaded the land. This is, in a few
words, a summary of their obligations to the British
Government. Nor have they fared much better in the
treatment they have received from the English as in-
dividuals." I must pass rapidly on to notice another
striking feature in the present state of India, namely, its
declining state, and I care not how you test it—the
affections of the people are on the decline, the revenue
is on the decline, and the sceptre of dominion is totter-'
ing in the hand that might have been rendered in
vincible by 100,000,000 of human beings. Captain
Westmacott, in page 47, has thus summed up the state
of affairs in India in this aspect :—" The waste lands be-
longing to villages, and reserved by the inhabitants to
meet the wants of their increasing populations, and to
support schools, charities, and caravanseries, have been
appropriated by our Government. The rich manta-
factures of India have dwindled from their prosperity.
The beautiful muslins of Dacca, the brocades of Be-
flares, and the shawls and jewelry of Delhi, are no
linger in demand. Agra, Kalpy, Dacca, and other
great commercial and manufacturing towns of the em-
pire,
situated on the principal rivers,have shrunk within
half their former limits. Religious endowments have
been sequestrated ; and the reservoirs and aqueducts
that fertilised the country are gone to decay. The
charitable institutions ; the asylums for the poor, the
sick, and the maimed ; splendid and useful public works,
are crumbling to dust ; and the wells and resting-
I places in the desert, built and endowed by princes and
the wealthy and benevolent as a refuge for the tra-
veller under an eastern sun, are neglected and fallen
to ruin." I would draw your attention to another fea-
ture in India, the existence all over the country of
waste lands, uncultivated lands, where the tiger, the
hyena, the jackal, the vulture, the boa-constrictor
dwell : there man might dwell, and around him might
grow and thrive a plentiful harvest : his granary
might be full, his family might be fed. I will give a few
authorities. Colonel Munro has declared that in the
ceded districts, with which he was particularly ac-
quainted, there were 3,000,000 acres of cultivable land
unappropriated. Colonel Sykes, in his evidence before
a Committee of the House of Commons, stated that in
the district ,ef Kandeish there were 84i per cent, of
waste lands which were cultivable ; and in Dharwar
831. The Marquis Cornwallis once said, in a dispatch
to the Court of Directors--" I may safely assert that
one-third of the Company's territory in Hindostan is
now a jungle, inhabited only by wild beasts." And yet
the people are famishing. I ask, why not cultivate the
land ? That question shall be answered presently. I
come now to speak of one of the most strange features I
can draw your attention to. One of the first symptoms
of civilization has been said to be the gibbet.—(A
laugh.) The next is a good road. But you shall hear
the state of things in India in this particular. I am per-
mitted to use the valuable MS. recently drawn up to aid
the deliberations of the Committee by Major-General
Briggs ; and upon the subject of roads this gallant gentle-
man, who has himself sorely felt the inconvenience, says,
" The total absence of high roads, by which the traffic of
the country might be conducted, is found to be one of
the heaviest evils with which our Eastern dominions is
afflicted. One large navigable river passes through a
tract of one thousand miles of country in Upper India,
into which other streams, navigable for several months
in the year, fall in its course ; and along this great out-
let a considerable traffic, in large, unwieldy and unsafe
boats, is conducted up the river, at the average rate of
about ten miles a day. From the Presidencies of Ma-
dras and Bombay, a single road has, in each case, been
lately constructed, to the distance of about one hundred
miles, along which, within the last six or eight years,
the post is conveyed by horses, and carts travel at the
same rate as the traffic goes up the stream of the
Ganges. The exertion of some local officers, too, have
led to the construction of tolerable roads for a few
miles around the principal towns, constructed without
expense to the State, by the employment of prisoners
in irons ; and the extension of this benefit has
lately been undertaken along some principal lines
in the Bengal Presidency, on the same limited and
eccomical principle. Such a system for the internal
cemmuuicatinn of a territory as extensive as Europe,
excluding Russia, is worse than mockery. Will it be
believed, that after holding posiession of such a country
for nearly a century, that the Government post is for
the most part conveyed by footmen, at the rate of about
al miles per hour—that travellers cannot proceed but
on horseback, at a rate not exceeding 12 or 14 miles a
day; and that if an officer of Government is required
to travel at the utmost possible speed, he is conveyed
singly, in a palankeen, on mess' shoulders, at a speed
not exceeding three miles an hour, and that he must
give notice a week before, to enable the public autho-
rities to provide bearers, at the rate of a shilling or
eighteen pence a mile, and that as many men as the
traveller has to travel miles, have to be put in requi•ii
tion for this purpose, so that in order to go from Cal-
cutta to Delhi, at the utmost possible speed, the
traveller is conveyed on mens' shoulders in the
absence of a road, and more than a thousand men are
employed to carry him ! The greater portion of the
internal traffic of the country is conveyed on the
hacks of oxen, carrying one and a half hundred weight,
at an average rate of about six or eight miles daily,
over level countries, abounding with the finest mate-
i-til for road-making, but which the poverty of the in-
habitants, and the indifference and neglect of the
State, suffer to continue as mere bridle tracks. In this
state of things, we cannot wonder at the obstacles
which exist to the conveyance of the natural products
of the country to the coast for foreign markets, nor at
the want of information of our own merchants residing
at the sea-ports, of the resources of the interior.
These are strange facts to be narrated, but they explain
what would otherwise be a mystery—how it is that,
when a local province is visited by a season of drought,
and all around revels in plenty, food cannot be got to
feed the famishing people.—(Hear, hear.) I will draw
your attention to one or two other facts. I have said
that the people are poor, discontented, famishing ; and
you as • k why is all this ? I answer, first, there has been
exhibited, on the part of rulers, legislators, and adminis-
trators connected with India, great ignorance of the
wants and institutions and resources of the people of
the country. There has been legislation upon false
principles—there has been an administration of affairs
.by no means calculated to correct the errors of legisla•
tion. One of the radical evils of India is the .assump-
tion, on the part of the State, of a proprietary right in
every part of the soil—the annihilation of the right of
the tenant, who came to his estate through twenty
Feuerations—and tire erection, upon the destruction of
his proprietary right, of a proprietary right assumed
by the Government. Mr. ;Rickards has observed—
, 7 When the British power supplanted that of the Ma-
homedans in Bengal, we did not, it is true, adopt the
sanguinary -- part of the creed • but from the impure
systemfountain of their financial
did we, to our shame,
claim the the inheritance o'ta right to seize upon half
the gross produce of the land as a tax ; and wherever
our arms have since triumphed, we hsve invariable
proclaimed the savage right . .". .
,:,,..01,., ; Coupling it at the same
time svita the s d wrin,, of the proprietary
right to 1,.::(, I,inds being kiLo %esteci ....: the sovereign

. ,
By the last account it was 34,000 chests. And what does
this opium do when it gets into the Celestial Empire ?
This quantity, at 20 grains per day for each individual,
would be sufficient to demoralize more than dire,:
millions of persons. When the habit is once formed,
it grows till it becomes inveterate ; discontinuance is
more and more difficult, until at length, the sudden de-
privation of the accustomed indulgence produces certain
death. Every opium-cater may calculate upon shorten-
ing his life ten years from the time when he commences
the practice. The importation of opium was,l have said,
interdicted in 1796. Smokers of it were pilloried and
bambooed, and the venders were liable to banishment
and death. The amended law of 1833 condemned
buyers and smokers to 100 blows, and to wear di?
wooden collar for two months ; mandarins to be punished
oue degree more severely. Opium shops are as plentiful
in some towns in China as ginshops in England. There
is a depot at Lintin, at the entrance of the Canton
river. The greatest part of it is grown within the ter-
ritory, and transported through the dominions of the
Esst India Company. • • - • •
In addition to the foregoing testimony, furnished by
Mr. Medhurst, I may refer to the valuable work of the
Rev. Algernon Sydney Thelwall, on " The Iniquities of
the Opium Trade with China." "According to a late
writer," says Mr. Thelwall, "the growing of opium is
compulsory on the part of the ryot. . . Vast tracts
of land, formerly occupied with other articles, are now
covered with poppies, which require a superior soil to
produce opium in perfection. Hence its cultivation has
not extended over waste and barren lands, but into
those districts and villages best fitted for agricultural
purposes, where other plants, grown from time im-
memorial, have been driven out before it. . .
Taking into account the whole of Turkey, China,
and India, it will be seen that many thousands of
acres, with millions of the inhabitants, are employed
in the cultivation of poppies." In the 34th page he
gives an account of the importation of opium into the
country, which I have already stated, and says " all the
opium which is now, and has been for the last forty-
three years, introduced into China by us, has been
smuggled into the country in defiance of the laws and
regulations of the Chinese Government." I might
multiply these passages, but at the end of the book
there is a valuable communication from the East Indies,
which has furnished Mr. Thelwall one of the most
striking proofs of the share which the Government has
in the traffic. Amongst other things he states that
owing to the vexatious system pursued by the Custom-
house and revenue officers, " the privacy of their
miserable abodes is intruded upon by these harpies of Go-
vernment, and no redress can be given by the Government
unless they abolish the production of this accursed drug.
Were the cultivation of it transferred to private indi-
viduals, the evil of it would (as far as the cultivation
is ctincerned) be greatly mitigated, inasmuch as the
servants of private individuals would not have the
p-wer to opp:-. -s n:&,,es to th, ext. nt t,ossess, d by
those of thk! Government, acid there would be a distant

the manstealer ; her looms weave ; her sons and
daughters consume the produce, of the slave, but
whenever our nation turns its attention, and enter-
prise, and capital to India, and
,to the hundred
millions who will work there at Id. or 2d. per day,
foreign nations will no longer be able to say, that we
uphold slavery on the other side of the atlantic.—
(Cheers) To effect this change in public sentiment
and action we must enlighten the country. We
must hold public meetings, and stir up the mercantile
and manufacturing interests ; we must memorialize
the Government ; we must petition the Parliament ;
we must open the eyes of the abolitionist to
this economical mode of effecting the object he seeks.
I say to those whom I address, and to all to whom these
words may by any means come, at your peril neglect or
despise the means I now point out. I show you a safe,
a peaceful, a profitable, a certain method of abolishing
slavery. More hopeful than undertaking to convert the
Brazilian or the Texian less bloody and expensive
than the preventive service along the shores of
Africa, and more direct than the influence and
success of treaties with insincere nations or remon-
strances with the enlightened but proud and sensitive
Americans. You need not wait till America is consis-
tent—till Portugal is honest—you have only to wait
till you yourselves are sensible of your power and
responsibility. Then will you do justice to the natives
and the soil of India, and by the infallible
operation of a liberal and honourable system,
snap the fetter of the slave in the West, and
starve the miscreant prowler from the shores of Africa.
—(Loud cheers.) I look then, with hope and confi-
dence to the Abolitionists of Great Britain. I make
my appeal to their principles and their recorded
pledges, and I call upon them, one and all—upon
every man, woman, and child in their ranks, to aid
us in our lawful, patriotic, and merciful plans.
Since we commenced, a few months ago, we have
found powerful supporters at home and abroad. So-
cieties have been formed and affiliated. The saga-
cious men of Lancashire are coming forward—the mer-
chants of Glasgow are with us—the landholders of Ben-
gal are aiding us—the Press is espousing our cause—
distinguished men from India are joining us daily.
and our prospects are hourly brightening.—(Cheers.)
If, as without the shadow of a misgiving, I anticipate
the wonder-working energy and unfaltering resolution
of the abolition host shall be enlisted on our side, the
victory will soon be won, and by that victory millions
upon millions in both hemispheres will be blest.—(Cheers.)
Behold, my friends, the tremendous power which God has
placed in our hands I Feel you not the heavy responsi-
bility which rests upon you ? Will you not appreciate
and embrace the privileges to which you are invited ?
But I need say no more. I remember where I stand,
and feel that I have-already, perhaps, said too much. But
you will forgive me. I am most deeply impressed with
the importance, the solemnity of the subject. I have
for eight years devoted myself to the cause of freedom
and humanity. Years ago I was permitted to form, in
this country, societies for the universal abolition of
slavery. On both sides of the Atlantic, through evil
and through good report, in gloom and in sunshine, I
have laboured in the cause of the oppressed ; and when
I see, as I now see, the means of accomplishing, by
a safe,and simple means, the great object, I cannot but
earnestly desire that all, but specially those here
before me, were in their views and feelings almost and
altnge:her such as I am. Suffer me, then, once more
to invoke you, by the memory of your venerable foun-

Lord BROUGHAM took the chair at 12 o'clock. They
had met on an occasion which he was quite sure every
one would feel to be one of great interest and import-
ance, not only so far as their feelings were concerned in
respect of gratitude and interest in the lecturer, but of
great importance and interesting on account of its influ-
ence upon the great cause of education, and the pro-
gress it was steadily making. If they would permit him
before going into the immediate business of the day, he
would, at no great length, allude to one or two of the
h e
wr
primes.o)
belonged
necessity H e believed
t o of
that g
most important topics connected with the lectures which
had been the means of creating that intercourse which
lhadii
o nall givenriseand w
er
if
tfo
agreedtthheemre
e e twinegr.e any—(C h
upon
the e
education—all parties in politics—all sects in re-
no sect, they also agreed in that one neces-
sity. The only question was in what manner it shall
best be furnished
it, the
the greatest comfort to those
who ere to give the greatest benefit to those who
are to receive it, and the greatest safety to the grand
principle of civil and religious liberty.—(Cheers.) Few
had suffered more anxiety of mind than he had done for
the improvement
i of mankind.—(Cheers)—in intelli-
gence, in virtue, n piety as well as in moral virtue, yet
he was not disposed to deny that even the immense
boon—the immense benefit of education might be bought
at too high a price ; for it might be given in such a
manner as, while it pretended to communicate informa-
tion, while it purported to raise men in the scale of
being, to benefit society by means of raising man, of
which society was composed, at the same time
lowers him in that scale by enslaving his conscience to
others—(Loud cheers)—by taking from him the power
of forming his own opinions. It was a moot point with
many, whether it would not be better to be without it
than receive it on such terms ; but in his mind there
was no doubt all ; it was like the game of see-saw—
they would raise the man with one hand and put him
down with the other.—(Cheers and laughter.) There
were various ways in which education might be con-
veyed in a manner to interfere with the great principles
of civil and religious liberty ; for instance, if the State
were to take the management of public instructio4 and
to inculcate one set of opinions which it held and
deemed its interest to propagate, and took care to in-
culcate—that would be a very great evil. Ano-
ther branch of the community might be sup-
posed to exist—any great corporate body or great
public body, as they had at the East-end, or any
great. political body at that end of the town, and either
of them were to have the whole education of the com-
munity intrusted to their hands, and were to convert it
to their own purposes, by teaching only their own
opinions, he should hold that it would be very unjust
and very inexpedient.--(Cheers.) It raised a doubt
in his mind—it was still a moot case with him
whether it would not be better to be without it than to
receive it on such terms.—(Cheers.) If it were to he
said that no education was ever to be conferred upon
any class of the community, except by some one parti-
cular body ; if they were not to be educated, except by
or u ni t
ai it
Unitarians,
Anabaptists,
the Established Church for instance, or by
.any particu-
lar(C heers
Presbyterians,Whether happy to say
sect in religion, he would object to it as well.—
.)
that he had good and valuable friends amongst them all,
still he would most decidedly object to any one sect
having_ any influence over the education of youth, and
using it for the purpose of propagating its own opinions
and giving the youth no opportunity of getting any
aMndethhoedwisats;
other. He should hold it to be a very inexpedient,.
unfair, and a very pernicious mode of instructing youth.
—(Cheers.) It might then be asked, would he ex-
clude religion from
should no more think of excluding religion from
education than he would exclude man from bread
and drink, and all other things necessary to live.
He would give children the means of enabling them
to judge for themselves—he would give them education,
and then give them that which was the great principle I
of Protestantism, the right of private judgment._.-
(Considerable cheering.) The motion of some was
that religion was to be wholly excluded—that mistake
arose from the manner in which young men were taught
at our Universiti s ; their religion necessarily formed ,

was sorry to say that she had some bad friends
in her own bosom, who had stirred her up,
so that she had departed from that course,
and had become more meddling and much more
anxious to push herself into a preponderance and mas-
tery over the other sects. As an illustration, he might
mention that when he bad his Schools Bill in contem-
plation, he received from forty to fifty deputies from all
parts of-the country—Mayors of towns, and all classess.
The result of all their deliberations was that every pa-
rish or half parish should be allowed as many schools
as were wanted, provided there was an agreement be-
tween them and the Central Board. It was agreed
that there must first be this common agreement, be-
cause, if there were not, snpposing there were in the lo-
cality 200 Dissenters and 201 Churchmen, the Dissenter
would be at the mercy of the Churchmen without any
appeal—but by the previous agreement, this was ob-
viated by the superintendance of the General Board.
It was agreed that no article, or subscription of any
article should be necessary, but it was agreed that the
'Bible in all schools should be a reading book. That
was not agreed to till after much discussion, but it
was found neces •ary to yield, that the Scriptures
ought to form part and parcel of the education in
all schools. He urged that there were Jews who
objected to the New Testament, and there were the
Catholics who objected to one version of the
Bible. It was then agreed that, provided any
parent objected to have his child taught in
any of those books it should not be done. It was
then said, suppose a great majority of the children were
anxious to read the Scriptures, and be taught in the
principles of the Established Church, would that he ob-
jected to. The Dissenters immediately said," We shall
be subscribing our money for teaching that which we
cannot approve of." He answered then that they must
take the teaching of the Scriptures out of the plan al-
together, because of the Jews and the Catholics.
" Oh," said they, " that is a very different case,
for Christianity is part and parcel of the law of
the land. They were ng lawyers who said that, for it is
not so—the argument cut against themselves, for the
Christianity of the Established Church of England and
Ireland is the law of the land. They reflected upon the
matter, and saw all its difficulties—they saw they were
about to give one rule to themselves, and another to their
teilow-subjects the Jews. He had always found—and he
was sorry and ashamed to be obliged to acknowledge
it—that every one sect was equally intolerant as the
Church ever was. Persons who thought themselves
the friends of education, who said they were very
fond of education, still preferred spiritual dominion—
they preferred education to everything but a triumph
over a rival sect.—(Cheers.) When it came to their
own case there was no one sect but was as intolerant
and anxious for spiritual power—for a triumph over
a rival sect, as ever the Church was. He spoke it
with great pain, but it was the truth, and like a bitter
medicine it was wholesome.—(Laughter.) It only re-
mained for him to add, that they were now on the
eve of having something done for the progress of edu-
cation in this country. Normal schools were to be es-
tablished—that formed part of his plan, and he would
be truly rejoiced if that part of it were carried into effect

alone, for he was quite convinced they would have
the hest possible effect. They were going on very well,
their prospects were brightening ; and, unless they were
interfered with by an insincere demand from the Church
to have the whole education of the country in its own
hands—(Cheers)—to which they had not the slightest
right by law—he had stated that opinio❑ in his place in
Parliament, and he had been at once confirmed by Lord
Abinger, who was not probably very friendly to the
cause they had at heart—if they were not met by that
cry, they had a prospect of great brightness before
them.—(Cheers.) On the other hand, he hoped that
equally senseless jealousy between the various sects of
Dissenters would spring up to mar the harmony of the
great trial.—(Loud cheers.) He begged pardon for
having detained them with his thrice told tale. He
had told the same story these last thirty years, and if
he lived he would have to tell it for thirty years more,
as the old senseless cry was never suffered to sleep.
The great principle of civil and religious liberty had all
along been the principle of his life, and it would conti-
nue to be the rule of his public conduct.--(Cheers.)
Having called upon Mr. Simpson, that gen.
tleman stood forward, and the Noble Lord said
he felt great satisfaction in being authorized
by that respectable assembly, which was composed of
those who had been the hearers of those lectures by
which all had been benefited, to present to him that
handsome present, the result of their united subscrip-
tions. He had long had the honour of the acquair.tance
of Mr. Simpson, ever since the time they studied at
the same University, along with many who were now
no more, and some who were still alive, and ornaments
to society. Among the latter he had great pleasure in
naming Lord Lansdowne, who was. at the head of the
Board for carrying out the Government plan of educa-
tion, a Nobleman Of whom he could not say more than
that he was the warmest friend of civil and religious
liberty, an inheritance he had obtained from his father, the
late Lord Shelborne, far more preciousthan titles or estates.
He (Lord Brougham) had stepped aside to pay this tri-
bute to his excellent friend, and it now only remained
for him to state the great satisfaction he felt in pre-
senting this piece of plate to Mr. Simpson, which was
the result of a subscription among those friends who
had been delighted with hearing his lectures ! Mr
Simpson by those lectures, and his exertions in the

'Thanks having been voted to the Noble Marquis
Ln the chair the Committee adjourned.

PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.

Table showing the ex•duty price of West India Sugar;
in Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that of
Foreign Sugars.

LONDON, JUNE 1.
The Gazette of last night quotes the average price o
British Plantation Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of duty, at
425. 9d. per cwt.

The actual sales on account of the Importers in the
week ending the 27th May, on which the above price is
computed, consisted of 1,147 hhds., 119 trs., and 88 barrels.
Since the reduction in the amount of bunty in October
last, no sales of refined Sugar made from West India,
have been effected_ The enormously high prices paid for
Sugar by all British consumers, connot therefore now be
attributed to bounty. Nevertheless, there still remains a
clear bounty of 10s. Bd. per cwt., which will come into
active operation in the fall of the year, provided the Bounty
Act should be renewed in July, and will always maintain
the average price of West India Muscovades at 10s. per cwt,
above the price of free-labour Sugar from other quarters.
We trust, however, as the Board of Trade is now aware of
the pernicious working of the bounty system, that the Pre-
sident of it will oppose this renewal, and will allow West
Indian Sugar to find its level with the prices of other su-
gars, by insisting that the former shall be manufactured
under lock with the latter when intended to be exported.
The produce of the refineries,• working foreign sugar
under lock, have been sold as follows, deducting shipping
charges :

Refined, equal in quality to double refined, at 345. per cwt.
Bastard Sugar ..
Treacle

The ages of persons accused were—
lEngland. Scotland. I IrelaruL„
yrs. IMales. Females. I.Males. Females. ...,lale`r----;.7—ales.
12* 1 3171 491 58 16 103! 20
12 to 161 1,9331 358! 368 66 69 163
16 to 211 5,562. 1,1651 700 199 2,409' 959
21 to 301 5,935. 1,2801 738 268 4,217, 1,585
30 to 40; 2.733' 673' 407 140 1,9911 628
40 to 50 1,226 3961 144 67 , 1,0001 275
50 to 60 545 146' 59 .29 310 115
- 40
Above 60 289 771 lB 8 1011
t 1 365 45; 117 16 9351 174
—..........-----'
' •
... .
.118,905, 4,1891 2,609 809 111,7641 3,659

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN. f
Sir,—ln your paper of this evening, I read a report of
the meeting held last evening, at Theobald's-road.,
contains inaccuracies prejudicial to my character. 1 °lola
Reporter first states that theconfusion was so great °to
continual, that he could not understand anything'
that
what was going on ; he, that
Major Beniowski could however, afterwards says, n°
not obtain the chair, beta
the Poles thought generally he was a spy- I b°Pe;
Sir, you will find it astonishing how he could know
any, and particularly at such a meeting, who wag a;
Pole, an Englishman, a Russian, or of any other nati°
and also how he could, during the meeting, become 85
quainted with the thoughts omy fellow-countrywi,e°,
No Pole has spoken there—the simple fact is this. .1"
meeting was called by placards, signed by Muse Ken
Secretary to the London Precursors, who propd a%
insisted upon Dr. Wade taking the chair, in opPesita,i°
to whom another part of the meeting particularly c 715
posed, I am satit,fied, of working men, proposed, ir,
equally strongly insisted, upon my taking the cht% t.
Mr. Kean very regularly put it to the appeased wed
ing ; the majority was doubtful, and each party elagnbt
the victory. Myself, however, and Dr. Wade, th°"r e
it more patriotic to leave the chair to some one Thee
neutral than we could possibly be supposed to be.
number of real Poles present was not above 70, lcue,
the meeting numbered at least 800 individuals ; °tee
know one another well—and I suppose you will Bgress
with me that at a meeting convened for the elPrnd
was more than one secret E
purpose of condemning the Russian Hereditary Grand
Duke, there
anxious to create disturbance, and particularly to cry,
down the man who was idle first to make an aPr etZle
warning the public against the infarnour intrigues °
Russian Court now going on in London. This, my
publishbut
appeal, you, Sir, have had the kindness to
agents areon
five days ago (May 27), Secret Russian
Reporters
o
always the most busy round the ears of Re
such emergencies. Do not, Sir, aggravate the but too
great sufferings of a martyr of Russian machiavelismt,
by refusing to give publicity to these my humble, but
strictly true remarks.—Yours, respectfully,
13. BENIONVSK"
3, Broad-court, Long Acre, ussiati agent

June 1, 1839

The produce of the refineries working West Indian
Sugar and Molasses for home consumption have been sold
as follows, ex duty :
Refined, equal in quality to double refined, at 60i. per cwt.
Bastard Sugar
Treacle 32s.
Yielding the West Indian as the fruits of the monopoly in
sugar alone, a sum of 4,500,0001. per annum.

1 'S NEW COLBURN_'...-------r--""---
MONTHLY MAGAzira
Fort JUNE is embellished with two charmingly executed i.llus7
trations, by R. W. Buss, of Mrs. Trollope's "
Married," in which the artist evinces a genius in this d e
his art which unquestionably places him in,,th,,,.
partment of
foremost rank of the delineators of humour, In the 10-t,
Widoto.
chapters of the story itself, Mrs. Trollope displays all beer
usual felicity ; the Widow and her husband and daugl.,“-
are brought from Van Diemen's Land to England. "ri
Hook, in his " Stir in the Household," luxuriates in thaa,
peculiar tact of domestic minutiae, which throws the chsrla
of reality over all his productions of this nature. hi,
Westminster of Old" we have some pleasant topg!aPOne
cal and historical reminiscences. " Boar Hunting" 's,: 'n
of the old Forest Ranger's vivid descriptions of SP°1.1";"
the East. " The Life and Times Peter of Prigga"
col.
besides a proemial and peroratory logornachy of the .:00
lege Scout and Bed-maker"
gives an amusing illustrs" ,i
of habitual mendacity, entitled "A Day with Sir Thorhis
in which a pseud-huno, at college is made to Pe tying
life on horseback. "A' Domestic Scene" is a totletebes
incident in the life of Canova, told by Napoleon. " Sko K.
of Illyria, Italy, and the Tyrol" are by the Rey. be
Gleig. "
Private Theatricals" is a pleasant
rise, progress, decline, and fall of that pastime. L'-',. 'non-
Marryatt continues his " Phantom Ship," and tnuaetrP,
Mrs. Norton, Captain Spencer, &c., contribute the p.,tie,
paperrioanntst
in
There are also " The Great Dooings cf Dr. I-)0°"
" The Literature of the Month," &c. &c.
_....a50

THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS.—The beau-

tLi faunl
g u littlea g e woof!. kFtlho awtehr
sa,s,, riesc eantpl y r a actpipc ea al rgeudi,deenttoi tltehde,
k"The
now-
ledge of floral emblems, and will be found most useful to
those who are desirous .of adopting the beautiful eastern
ater any leflgth of
custom of corresponding by means of flowers. Lady
Wortley Montagu, in her charming letters, alludes to
this practice, when she speaks of comwmhuicniiicawtainsgvvathrmou,gahntds
oand
flower opinions,bei n
being
withouti tlmusit.mi
tesmv rsreririgisoninkingyour
ti:ilni. fingers, no fruit
BODY FOUND IN THE RIVER• -- Thursday
morning, about half-past four o'clock, the body of John
White, a Chelsea waterman, was seen floating in the river
off Cheyne.walk. The deceased's hat was found in some
eofYaorkcs,h)rioreneGesreyinpqublic, hozie
had
dd
evidently
isdheonrttl
y gat distancebee
lot
uest. It i;
supposed the deceased, who is an elderly man, must ,
wheretime, witaaswcaoiatvse3t,hede
result
have
met his death by accidentally falling :nto tile river,
eosutlht
