rOR THE SON-.

tnitoß.—liavin,' just perused a Preach
pamphlet, entitled- --La Null et la Journee,.con-
t4ining au account of the circumstances
attended the, birth of the. Duke de llkrituEAux,
I. take the liberty of sending you sonieijiirticuiars
of alik event ic;vitnpOrtant. to e, and p-erhaps
rto Eirrotreand 414c1Nn.i&tprove, therefore.
.teresting to your Readers.
I remain,
_Sir, yotirs truly,
P.
DtrCHESS DE BERRI.
•

During the Whole.period that elapsed from the assassina-
tion of her husband to the birth of her son, the Duchess de
Bar though only 22 years of age, evinced the Most sin-
gular courage and presence of mind. When Ole was advised
In wets-id-the crowd that pressed on her passage, as she walked
to the terrace near the river, by passing through vaulted ;,tve-
nues;she answered, " I will not do this; they would ima-
gine I am afraid."—When an attemptwas made to disturb or,!
'perhaps, destroy her, by means of fire-works, she exclaimed,
" they wish to terrify me, but they will not succetd ; the
of Louis XlVtil and of Maria Theresa flows in my*

veins."

. She had retired to rest on the night preceding the 29th of
Septembei,-withOtif feeling the least symptoMs of an
prow:bin_ actomArement ; but she.was unexpeeti.dly and for-
innately delivered of a Male child,. at tWo o'clock in the morn-
ing. " HOW. fortunate: it is a boy—God has seat bliss to us,"
exclaimed the happy mother. Anxious that no doubt of its
identity should be entertained, the Princess refused to be
wholly delivered until several witnesses were assembled, and,
with admirable presence of mind, requirvd'smue of the Na-
tional guards to he called in for this. pLirpOSe. Marshal Su-
chrt, who soon after entered her apartment, surprised at the,
fortitude of the Princess, is 'said to have. exclaimed, " what
a wonderful character;" the son of such %Milan dust be a

great man.".

The Royal Family having repaired into her room, the
King entered it at 20 minutes past 3, when, clasping the
Princess in his arms, he exclaimed, " thank God, you have a
son ;" and presenting her a magnificent boayezit of diamonds,
he said, " That is for you; but this is for nie," he added, taking
the infant in his arms. Then, in imitation of the Grandfa-
ther of Henry IV:, die King robbed the lips of the infant
with garlic, sent front Pau fur this purpose, and potired a few
drops of wine into its-mouth.
At fire o'clock in the morning, a discharge of 21 gnus au!
flounced to the citizens of Paris the histh of the young prince•
At six the Duchess ()Meted the military to be admitted into
her room, when above 500 officers and privates passed before
the infant. prince. A private, about 60 years of age, exclaim-
ed, with tears in his eyes—'' Ah, Prince ! why am I so old ! I
shall not be able to serve under your orders,l"—" Do nut
grieve so, my brave fellow," said -iNladause to hint, " Ise will
begin at an early age."
,M twelve a ,solemn 7'ein, e De' Was sung in the Chapel
Royal, before the King and the Royal,. Family. After the
set vice, the King, surrounded by his family, advanced upon
the balcony of the palace. He was received with the loudest.
shouts of " Long live the King, long live the Bourbons, lung
live the Duke of Bordeaux!" As soon as his Majesty could be
heard he addiessed the following words to the multitude
" My friends, your joy increases mine a hundled fold ;• a child
'is horn to us—he wilt one day be your -father—then he will
love you as. I do, as family. hives your

The Duchess had intended to rise and present het' son to
the people, but yielding to the entreaties of her friends, she
urdeeed the bed 1/Nar the window, and held up her infant to
the assembled multitude, which tent the air with accla-
mations, and with tile most enthusiastic demonitratiotis of

joy. In the evening,.-the whole city was illuminated, the
theatres were filled, and appropriate pieces, or extempore
song* and verses,: called forth bursts of applauses. Such ate
some of the principal incidents published with the intention
of proclaiming throughout France the happy event which se-
cures in a great mantles the Bourbon dynasty upon the thrOne
of its forefathers.

* * The Counnunications of this intelligent
Correspondent will. be always very acceptable to
use and we may venture to say to our Readers.

TfiE ARMY.—On 'Thursday last, the usual- half.;
yearly examinations were held at the Royal Mi-
litary College, at- Sandhurst, before , the Com,
missioner 3, General Earl CArnCART‘; Lieutenant-
General Sir 11. CAEvEur, and Sir IL 0/IK.ES
Major=General Sir G. MURRAY, the Gover-
nor ; Sir T. W. GolpON, Quarter-Master Gene
ral ; Sir 11, TORRENS, Adjutant-Gen. ; Colonel
BUTLEit, the Lieutenant-Governor, &c. &c. &c.
After the
,military inspection of the battalion of
Gentlemen Cadets, between thirty and forty of
the young Gentlemen were. examined in .the ma-
thematics, fortification, military drawing, lan-
guages,ihistory, &c. The intelligence and depth
of sound information evinced in the several
examinations,the extraordinary beauty of the mi-
litary drawings, and the. high order which was
visible throughout every part of the Institutiorq
drew warm encomiums from all who were pr-e-
-seht, including many of the most distinguished
Officers'in'tbe service,, Sir LOWRIE' COLE, Sir IL
FANE, Sir DENistis PACKE,. Sir A. CAMPBELL, Sir
If. IlAnnixOE, Sir G. ScowEEE, &c. Ten of the
Gentlemen Cadets examined who had completed
the whole , course of instructions, were recom,
mended to the Commander in Chief for Com-
missions.

Dangers of eke .Serpentine River, Hyle Park
—A short time ago, Mrs. -WA LTON, of Tylney7
street, Park-lane, having returned. from an airing
to Chelsea, her coachman conceived the idea of
washing his horses legs and carriage in. the Ser-
pentine River, and 'having drove a few paces
into the water, the horses instantly became out
of their depth, arid, 'encumbered with harness,
were drowned in a very few minutes. .The car-
riage was got out with difficulty the next day,
and the coachman was providentially saved bylis
cries having alarmed the life-boat-man, who
put off and brought him on shore, at the moment
when immersed to the chin in water, and, in mo..
mentary expectation of perishing. This is the
third instance of a like ratastrophe.within a few
years at .the. same place, although -a caution,
'44. Deep water," is very properly placed on. the
spot.
SUDDEN DEATn.—The Courier of the mail
from Calais to Paris, died lately in his carriage. It was not
until their arrival at Bouvais the kraveller placed at his side,
who th9ughthe was asleep, 4iscovergd that he was dead,

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The great length of the Letter signed A LOYAL. Batrisli
FnIALE Wollid tender it inconvenient for insertion, inde-
pendently of its subject, Vii, THE QUEEN, which We con-
ceive is noW become wearisome, if tot disgusting: The Letter
is Written with pointed and well stiStaine4 ironv, and if the
subject Were not exhausted would doubtless be aniusing ;
but it is asvltject which we wish to avoid s much as pos'
sible,• as a'Aolonged diScpssion call sii;-o w _pew lightA
°
\si,
it, and can only tenN ito prolong Ormons. . . • '

PitiCE OF STOCKS
TILTS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
v , hut
3 per Cent, lied. • (9 South Sea Stock ........ sz„t
3 pet Cent. COns. ' Sinn Nei'," Annuities ........ so*:
4 per Cents SI 87 I'Lx. Sills, 2d. .......... Pt_
per Ct. Navy Ann.

HIGH WATER AT lA)ND(
Morning, 38 minutes altt4 2.

.)ti BRlllfiE O-lti
.IOBROSY'
ETnintt, t minute atter 3.

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS DICERS FALSuiI AUDE.IT

LONDON,
TUESDAY, DBCENBER 19, 1820.

-The Unlucky affair at Troppau is no 1004"1
deni6d, but it fdrnishes a theine for the illiberal
ridicule -of the Opposition witlings. As these
writers care little_ for the KING-, they per-
haps rejoice in the insult that was offered- i°
his Representative. They "should consider,
however, that the British Ambassador was the
Rep-resentative of the British Nation and cones:'

.quently, a tame submission to insult, would lw-ce
-been a disgrace to,hil Country ; and the Brit-i.,h lie
presentative, bysnch submission, would oily 113°
exposed himseftte merited ridicule and contentPl,'
It must lie rem6inbered that Buo.NAr.tv..TE iil lii'
intervioi`.fwith' Lord conducted
hifilSO?:,lVith such violence- that his Lordship.ev
pect4d to receive a.blow, which, in that case, We
have been assured that he intended to return Wlth
interest, and who would haVe blamed 'his Lords.llo
• •,'t
or rather, who. would not hate admired a W.l
;which might have drawn on him the most fatal
consequences But if a just retaliation might
have been properly exercised upon an

peror, surely an insult. may with work pib'
priety be resented -on a Minister: But the
world does iiot yet kliow the whole story'
and-the.desire on the. part of the Potentates th'it
it might he solemnly concealed, admits a reasor
able inference in favour of the British Repr'e'sentative. - -

'Mt. CANNEw.--:--,lt' is Confideptly rutnoureil
that this Gentleman is about to resin his office,
if he has not done so already, and is expected tcl.
Succeed Lord STEwART as Ambassador to tl'e
Court of I rance. ' •

Wre received last night and this morning the
Paris Papers of Friday and Saturday' ‘Ve
give some paragraphs from the for►ne.r in a pre'
ceding column.—The following are extracts lIOI'
the Journals of Saturday :

" 16.--The King yesterday, alter sonic,Pti
vate audience-, transacted business with the Duke de Riche

tirti:

" The liiiistc.ts, assembled yt.stet day afternoon at the foi-
deuce (if the Duke de Richelieu.

"`,Lund Stewart,. the,Englisli'Ambassador'at Vienna, is s•
perseded by Mr. Welle•Ocy Pole, brother •of the Duhe of
lingtott.--(Giizette de trance.)
• • ". Letters from 'Lisbon say—' We arc here at the tuelq °I
14,060 men, who compirse our garrison. Thus every 1164
is deCided upon in military Connuittees.'—(ibid,)
Private•accounts from Naples state, • that that city is
most every clay a pi Or to the greatst disorders, of which the
slavery of the Journals dues nut allow them to give arty
" Letters from Genoa, of, the 6th inst., say—' We have rr
ceived by sea intelligence direct from Sicily. Several Canti''''
of the Island are still in a, state of a.gitation, winch cs'cites
apprehensions fur the future. 'The levy of the intiusts
produced sanguinary scenes at Caltanisetta; two c..unpani,es
of Neapolitan infantry were almost •entirely destroyed 1)).
levy en masse of .the whole Canton. 'llieGovernnient
sent a fresh force, but it was feared its preience Would (4111
serve to propagate hisUyeetion.'—(ibid.)
"The Chamber: of Peers, it is said, -wilt assemble on the
Ifith instant, to hear the report on the conspiracy hf the 19th
