reason t d • !VIVO wodthl be permanent, not merely
front the .lienii*'of self.iiit-CITSt which the people
h.ot in maintaining it, but also from a recollec-
t,on of their severe and imptecedented sufferings.
The next subject, to whiph he should draw the at-
tentiou of the Douse, as mentioned in the Prince
Regent's most,graciotis Speeint,l,was the glorious
vi,:tory we lila lately ohtaineiljit the Mecilterra-
ir+eant. It Was.. well -known Iltft,t for too lone a
time this country and all of Europe hail
suffered. ,their
.kiags to' receive with imputtit? the
'grossest insults and outrages from the batbarians
of Algiers,- and the other 'nests of pirates on
'the cost, 'Who had for ages carried on •ft re-
gular I.;‘l,t•ent of slavery, till at last, as hi bail I+
ways tlionght would some day or, ;other happen,
the boirovr of Europe deemed itself implicated in
• transactions, and bound to put tin end to
tbgol. This,Ggvernment deemed it pro.
pet to take the ledil On the occasionond convince
tile tyrant, thst it became necessary to make idol
feel aliat'a condlitet so out rig,l:ollf.i;4. so desirlictiFe
(4,141 the rights of hutosoit'W2cioild no longer be
suffered to pass unnoticed imptinished. _Well.
and nobly did we plan anti fOroish out inn eXpe-
tlition. whieb thecOnsininnate Skill and valour of
Lord Fxtnuuth, and those under his cornMand,
brooght to such a glorious conclusion. Besides
the pitnislutient of destroying his 'fleet andl'battc-
ries, id,p.etsonal atonement had bees exacted front
the DeF,,atid 'a covenant had been entered WO
thi4t slit ery 3110.11111 be foe ever abelished. This
Country had not only been the main cause of effect-
ing such a, happy and unexpected event, but boil
also been instrumental in 'inspiring' one of its
breve Allies. to take a part, nobly indeed sustain-
ed, is :the _warfare. Ile knew that many people
were of opinion, that When a fit opportunity
otferrd the U y woul4l not hesitate to break
through the treaty he hid entered into ; but
the Vowels who hail, through our instru-
mentality, combined to prevent his system of out-
rages, would be a sitilieient cheek to prevent him,
front any new instance of aggressiOi).• 'With re•
specs to the .latc war in India, it tr,di not com-
menced till Joibearance email-- no longer be
flitted, It was not caused liyt'any solitary not oft
une3cpectell outrage, but by 'a set tes of 'enntnigra-
tions and, invasions ; and irtstcsil 'hi lenity Aid
forbegance havitigt he desired efieet, they seemed
only to inAanie the desites, of the enemy,
stinitilste them to netv nggressidrioti;,and it was
not till the losses of the people, and the destree,
titan of whole proiinces, called aloud for
that Lord Hastings (rl4 „Earl of,
Altura) could be induced to resort to arms to put,
an earl to the career of the marauders. ile'vntl4'
sure the llonse ;mist duly appreiiate the Nagle
Lord's exertions, mirth pmtiCoi,atl.y his Its in
the seleition of thst great and distinguished
Odieer, Sir David litinerlinty, by whote
lofty awl ability,lra nottifrilif had been soon
restored, and arrangement's ' made to secure
our interests , for the future itt that• part of our
itirtiensF possessions: With respect to the deck«,
ration of his !loyal Highness, that every effort
would he trade to elEvet economy and retrench.
tueut in the different departments of 'the Govern..
mem,
.he 11notglit: the House Ought to return
thatil;s to misshighness on this pnnit. It
must certainly lie the desire of theft House, to re-
V,.ye as, much as (iill?ible the heathens of -the •
y,ct we musr cionsider that we have a
aiv:,intient. to keep ramp, 11l 'it safeguard to the
Constitution, on preserVation of which de-
in,„,wd 001 ',wryly l'he, receipt of the public re-
venue, hut the success Of tlie whole .trade and
commerce of the Country. lie therefore trusted
Mihisters would do ditty in piotecting the
Con.,riturion ; for it Inn) been truly observed, that.
there was nothing' so eXpensiTe as weakness, and
nothing so pi oiliral as insecurity. • Ffor his own
part, he bait the stroligettcontiilenee iu the wis-
dom of the Howse,: and.trusted.they wrothd lend
their assistauce' the finances .of the
country rut as broad it basis •as ,Would he loom!
consistent With the ptiblic secority. With respect
to the deficit in the revenge), however much
this WWI, a subject to. be regretted, lie did not
thinkiliat the Material decline in the receipts for
tot short a purind loot been the cause of the gene-
ral ifressttre so deeply felt and complained of. Was
it from at deficienty in only three quarters of a
soar that we were instilled in prophesying the to-,
lid ruin and hatthreptey of the,country 1 This,
indeed, was at gloomy prophesy that loud been
forced upon our ears but: nn. rational persons,
could despair opon. satin shallow and .
Or000(14, littt irwe netell with, the firioness
perseverrinee as we bad done throughout ,the
grind contest, we . shotild rise now nut of Alt
the &dimities that surround us .with as much sue.
cess hu we did been; Ho. should not enter into
tiny di:talk:es to the cense' of the present dis.
tress, ahout which. liicre was a diversity; of
OpHir'oll. but be should, merely :slate a , few
of the comet which, may have led. to if. Poe
.of these • Waft. tltp sudden transition • front
a' *Me' Or general Ivor to, one of iirofonnd
itstitrally led to a great stsgnation
in all trades connected with military equipmenter7
To show bow 'greatly thie,stagnatinti must have
been .fait, 'lle,need only advert to the inuttensp
expendlitgre'necessarilyarecusioned in the last,yent
trf rites War, • He did nouk now thatile.was eNtkctly
correct, but, be 'thought lie • might state.it at 12U .
million, In .the following year it .was only 71).
wittions ; so that it.follovsed that no less than
between forty and fifty millions ,bad been with.-
drawn irons. eirenialimr, which brut been preyitinsfy
divelinttedisrmongst the itttftisfriolls and in,tiotiring
eitisses of community) utlatss,itere, consequently,
Lett •wirlsont .any.present-means of gaittiogrs live
lihoodt; 'Another collo was the lose of that Mo.
nripoly of.'icotnOteree which weloul possessed, (hir-
ing the war, in every part of the glohe.;;..and the,
prasetit declittiog state, of capital all over, Fin.,
tutu! seems tnnst, tnipeppitiotut, to
naturally : acid matcriellvinersused
our .ilistrestres, and such, Wrre • the.,.40041, roate-„
ut Atte _reuses, bed. , occasioned tben?,
Mill there was no riouSt .;bat I,we. nihrl gen-,
,frnttr oor truism, sitriatton,..and we
shottl& he false to the ..contr.y.and !lo;-0,1111e1Velt,
otnitredl- to reflect on, the series of piece.
dogs which history- fornittbittl'of siruilar distresses
el the end of long and exiittic.lVe sears, but from
which, we had soon happily emerged, n.S he trusted
tete should shortly du at this crisis. There was

~
- another topic which he timid not bat mention;
We 404414 skit,,irityf rancour end mis-,
chief iSetipagatei atriffi rn
itt
St ~..' ircopie at euhlie
meetiegiOvilielt oulot. ,Isnt--beitifinitely dao-
gelus,„. TlisPdrlt:TOt weie:represented ;is sane-
tiotiing hpofessionyand . the people were told,
that they had the remedy in their own hands for
"Tiffitrdistresser,-ifiitey would unite -tigeinst time
Representatives of- the :nation. But the House
would recollect, that such language vmsthe,or-
deil' of the day 'which led to the distress and
anarchy inlreland, that. terminated in• rebellion.
He trusted, however, that the House wonhl not
be wanting . to, protect its privileges, aud with
them the Constit:itiOn;', and
.as they have the
poWer in themselves,
.so he hoped they `would
have the resolution to'enforce it, and detect such
odious machinations.. 'there
.wits one pert of
the clistte,s of the country which arose 'front
en increased, demand for
,agricultural pro
duce, while there was a dimitiished demand for
agrieultnrel. lahour, In such , a case, any man
possessed of capital would era ploy himself in find!.
Mg out itewlourees of employ tent for the people';
.but if the security oftheConetrywere inifiered. to
be endangered, every prudent Mau would ilreti his
,capital away, ofulphice it whvre it would have
the probability of being safe, The Hoese had,.
this Session, a most delicate and arduous duty to
perfOrm. The eyes of the Whole country were
fiwl on them—(Hear, hear, hear!)—and he
trusted they would, lay aside, all party prejudices,
,ettil cuter into a lull and critical examination of
the Act hal state of the kingdom, notouly at home,
.but with respect to our relations with foreign
powers. Thus we should infallibly. succeed' in
preserving that constitution, which still remains
Unexcelled and unimpaired, the wonder and}the
envy of all civilized nationi. The Noble 'Lord
concludett.with moving a long Address, embrac-
ing. 19 usitel, the varioeslopies of Ite Speech.
Mr. DawsoN said, on rising to Second the 1110,
11011 of his Noble Friend,, he felt no less" his own
incapacity to do . justice to the 'subject than he
did the importance of the eireunistanees to.
Which it 114mq-7-circumstances winch could
not-fail to,celliorth time united ivisdoni and crier-
gy:of, that House. .However he might haVe suf-
fered himself to be affected by the gloom and de-
spondency ,which .prevailed• in the country, he
Should .:Ireliellis,feelings,, if lie ,did not fully ac-
.quiesee in the tone. of confidence contained iir the
Speech, all wall ill on the prOspects it holds nut
plan amelioration of the condition of the people.
It contained many sentences for exciting our 83.
t isfaetion and gratification. Altliongli ',Our situa-'
lion was comparatively new, the causes of it.
were by. no means misunderStOod ; and if the
colintrylaboured under deep. distress, it was only
necessary to meet it with patience, firmness, and
candour, in order to mire' out of it With sue-,
cess. His Royal Highness, had shOwn that lie
was nut insemible to the distresi which; pre.L,
vailed, and be hoped and believed,thatthe' peape,
,to obtain which we had expended so Much.
blood and treasure, was not likely to Meet with
,any interruption. We had now an opportuniiv
,o(turning our attention to ear native and natn:•al
ittilestry, in Which we most 'succeed, unless this
differed fronf,any other period of oar bistory,
We should then soon be enabled, as we had dotie
bcforc, to transplant our produce ter every part of
the globe. Respecting the great victory over the
Algevines, the Honse tend the Country had but
ooe opinion about it. It was a victory that' bad
been acknowledged by the applauding voice
,of
every pinion in Europe, asit proved that we tvere
ready to extend the protecting shield over all who
were defeucelesi and enfortunate..The importance
of this victory, however, was to 'be appreciated
by the protection it afforded to our commerce in
the Mediterranean, through the blow that it had
given to the ha,harous nation that had been sof."
fereCto ,exert for so many ages an uncontrouled
inhppanity.and tyranny over the &nide of every
Eoropeao country, It was also the more inty
priftept,,, es it afforded a signal :end illtistriotta
example ot the Superior gallantry of British sea-.
men. It recalled our recollection to ;his bravery
ell' at once, after'beingso long dazzled by the un-
rivalled splendour of Our military 'echievathetitti,
and hurl proved, that if we hail ceased tis be invin-
cible cm the ocean, it was became we hunt! no longer
au enemy to fight with. A consideration which
,wati,importent beyond all others, was that of the
necessity of lesseiong our n8'6911;11 expellees ; for
our. successes would be .of little avail, unless we,
employed ourselves in effecting the strictest
economy. • This would be the Means of reviving
our strength and industry, and rendering the pen-
plc again happy end contented. The distress of
the .epontry eert.ti nI y demanded the' deepest tun-
sidersition pf the [louse, and'in proportion as the
peptkfound them zealous in their clinic, they,
would give then, their confidence. The duties'
between the Governnient and the people were re
ciprocal, and were not to be divided without the
loss, of national houour on the one p'art, atid re,
spect and copfidence on' the other. ~:Diiiirig the',
sear, the people had. nobly sympathised) ill its,
Aiasitudes aml,extdled.
,in its glories;. while 'they
cheerfully ho re every :new iMpoSition'that,le,Wai
necessary to lay, upon ,ibetn, in Order to bor.o. Ott 1
cootest to .u, happy conclusion., Hut nowY,that th
I'4 hitd, been coneloiled in it manner heyOnd ill .
•11100 &Opine 0*11CO:IliC/11 of any aunt, the nation
must not be unmindful of the hinthen that had
be9,lektoni it, bet nmst recoiled, that in,,prO,.
ilt/11 it as the contest bilo been long and AllliWils';
it must repiire time to perforth the duty of reliev-
Mg it ;. anti if they 0/etc pet ient, the' oeople itiigl4.
rely ottitht beingrdiSappointed in the exertions of.
his hl!tiO‘y', Ministers: In time of peitie, the
,people might, be sure Ministers would net be less
re‘oty to diminish the'taxes, :then they Were to ee-
;AMC the objects 4 the war by inipositig them,—
With respect to ;lilt Ow f/t the
,Speech which, la-
mente the deficiency' its the national revenue, itc,,,
most any, that this was the only poi 011061 h '106::
.whiclAletracted from the fulness 'of his"eittalae-
lion in aeconding the Address. -But 'lf 'We'were'
told that our comlitimi is riot sO fort unate'es could'
,be wished or expected.'we were also told thatibe
tuitional Leith noolt rem,lM iuvildate.' Those who
had the, Moms of carry nig the comitry through all
the difficultita of the war, inest not li;tve cause to
deplore their eohfitleace. Such a lentimeni `was'
both wise and just. Bat be maw no cause to view
this deficiency in the reyeuus as a matter of im-
