MISCELLANEOUS.

The Watch and Ward Bill was read a first time,
end ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.

The Report of the Court of Exchequer Bill
was orde►e►l to be taken into consideration on
Monday next.
The Flax and Cotton Ditties Bill event through
a Commit tee. The Report was ordered to be re-
ceived tomorrow.

The Scotch Colin of Admiralty and Sessions
Bilk were ordered to be read a second time to-
morrow.

The Report on the Mien and Denizen Bill was
ordered to be received to•rnorrow ; as well as that
of the Moiiny Act, for Monday next.
Tie Irish Coroners Bill was ordered to be read
a second lime to-morrow.

The Report o» the Exchequer Bills Funding
Bill was brought up, and ordered to be read a
third time to-morrow.

Sir H. PARNULL gave notice that on the 20th
June, he should move for leave to bring in .a Bill
respecting the collection of Tithes in lrcland,—
Adjourned.

PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.

COASTS OF AFRICA.

A parliamentary document of considerable inte-
rest has just been upon the table of the House
of Commons. It consists of two Hermits front
Commodore Sir GROROB COLLIRR, concerning the
settlements on the Gold and Windward Coasts of
Africa. The immediate object of these Reports
is to detail the genet al state and condition of the
forts and settlements on those parts of the coast
of Africa visited by his Majesty's ship Tartar, un-
der ti►e command of Sir George. Tt►e concluding
paragraph of the Second Report relates chiefly to
the Settlement of Sierra Leone. It is a satisfac-
tory proof of the zealous and sincere spirit with
which this country has proceeded in the aboli-
tion of negro slavery. " I will conclude these
Reports," observes Sir George Collier, with
the most confident assurance, that it is my full and
firm belief, in no one settlement in Africa where
the British flag is flying, is there an individual
directly or indirectly interested in, or affording the
slightest countenance to the Slave Trade ; and
my sincere opinion is, that this frightful and most
detestable traffic is now held in as much abhorrence
throughout the British settlements in'Africa, as it
is by the most sincere well-wisher to its abolition,
or most philanthropic and enlightened person in
England."
