BAYONNP. PAPERS.

PARIS PAPERS.

[From the Muniteur.l
ARMY OF THE PYRENritS.

'REPORT OP THE MAJOR-GENERAL OP TUE ARMY
OF TUR PYRENEES TO TIIE MINISTPR OF WAR.
Carolina, 6th August, 1823.

MY LORD—Conformably to the instructions.
which he had received from his Royal Highness,
Lieut.-General Count Molitor, Commander-in Chief of the Second Corps, tors just concluded a
onvention with General Ballasteros, by virtue of
which that General and his troops recognize the
authority of the Regency. He has given
'orders to the Governors of Garthagena,
Pampeluna, Saint Sebastian, Peniscola,
.Las Penas-de-San-Pedro, Moujon, and Venasque,
to make a oimilar recognition. Provisional can-
lonments have been assigned by General Molitor
'for the accommodation of the troops of General
Ballasteros, which at prevent amount to 7000
veterans :
,They will occupy Quesada, Cazorle,
U beds, A lgarinejo, Loca, Luenna, and Archidona.
General Ballasteros has since engaged that
General Zayas, who commands a separate
corps in the direction of Malaga, shall follow his
example. No doubt isentertained of his compli-
ance, and the intelligence of leis convention cannot
fail to produce the.stvongest effects as well in Cadiz
es in other places. This important event is the
result of the .successes obtained by the 2d corps
alike army, and your Excellency cannot bestow
too much praise on the conduct of General Moli-
tor, both in his military operations, and in his ne-
goeiations with General Ballasteros.- I am, &c.
(Signed) The Major-General Count 61.111/14EMINOT.
[From the Journal cks Dellatel
PARIS, AUGUST 13.—We received yesterday
Tt private letter, of which the following is au
,extract

,t Port Roo (mortiliique), trims 27.
" Advices, which appeared to be authentic,
:having been received in this Colony that an hi-
surrection had broken out at Barbadoes, Count
Donzelot, our Governor, and Rear-Admiral
Meynard de la Fargo, Commander on the station,
immediately dispatched the frigate Thetis, com-
manded by Baron de Bougainville, to that island.
That frigate returned yesterday. Fortunately
:the reports which had been circulated were totally
-.unfounded : but Lieut.-General Ward, Coin-
,-mander-in.Chief of the troops of his Britannic
'Majesty in the English Leeward and ‘Vindward
htslands, and Governor of Barbadoes, was not the
'less sensilde of the step taken by Gen.• Donzelot
and Admiral de lit Fargo,"
The Vienna Gazette of the e2d announces that
Baron Francis Binder de Kriegelstein, Austrian
:Prlenipotentiary at the Court Elf Sardinia, is op.
p.ointed Minister. to Portugal on " an extraor-
dinary mission."

" Madrid, ilugurt 7.
" iiia .-Royal Highness the Duko of Angouleme continues
his march towards Seville, and enjoys the most perfect health.
‘.‘ Lieutenant-General Comte e llourek writes, that the
French troops before Corunna are only waiting far heavy ar-
tillery to commence Me bombardment. They are in position
before the town. ate garrison has not hitherto attempted .any
sortie.

" A French frigate, and several other vesseli of war, cruise
cff Corunna, andAdockade it by sea."
(From the Courier Francais.)

tus, Ace, -13.—The Eloile, in giving this,
evening some details on the submission of Balla-
steros, announces, that this result is as much
due to wise combinations and skilful policy, as
to military manoeuvres, These combinations,
and this policy, can only be appreciated tlty
Ole public when the conditions granted to. [kik'
JaSteros ar•e *•ell known. In tan mean time, it
-appears that he is to remain at the head of his
troops, and to keep them united under his own
command, for
.thee Mode says, that provisional
cantonments have been assigned for his army.
--Lit only remains to be seen : if he will be
• more master of this army than Morillo was
of his. If we may believe the Etolle, Ballas-
teros, in his capacity of General in Chief, will
give orders to the Governors of Carthagena,
A licaut, Pittnpeluna, Saint Sebastian, Penis-
cola, Las Penas-de-San-Pedro, and other places
comprized within his command, to acknowledge
1110 Regency. Morino also commenced by giv-
ing a similar Order to the Governor of Corunna.
The Eloilc informs us also, that
.Ballasteros,
is the capitulation, demanded to be confirmed in
Ms rank and honours. This report we do ,not
doubt, for such a stipulation is always the iirst
thought of by met) who forsake their colours to
pass into an enemyt's eanp.

Itt:Aelso QoaN.----The,French claim the merit
of aIIP w discovery of .great importance to agrictil.
t Lif a and public. economy, in the advantages which,
according to them, result from the practice of
rettping corn. Wore it is peifixt/1/ ripe. The theory'
which has just been promulgated by Mr. Cadet cif?
Vaux, originates with M. Salles, of the Agri-
cultural Society of Bezieres. The following are
the particulars :—Cotn, reaped eight days before
the usual time, is, in the first place secured from
the dangers winch threaten it at that time; this
is only accidental ; but a positive advantage is,
that the grain is fuller, larger, finer, and that it
ig itevt attacked by the weevil. The truth of
these assertions has been proved by the most
conclusive comparative experiments upon a piece
.of-corn, one half of which was reaped before the
usual time, and the other half at the degree of
inturity fixed by theordinary practice. The first
portion gave a hectolitre of corn more far:half a
liectar of land. Afterwards an equal quantity
of Sour from the wheat of each portion was made
into,lweed ; that of the corn reaped green gave
4:even pounds of bread more than the other in
ei decalitres. Lastly, the weevil attacked the corn
which was cut ripe ; the other was exempt from
it. The proper time for reaping is that whe t the
grain, on being pressed between the lingers, has
a doughy appearance, like the crumb of bread
•4t hot from .the ovenrwhen pressed in the same
jaftiMer.

'BA YO A tra. is the day when the mail from
.Madrid arrives; And wectin oly give such news as we have re-'
ceived through private channels, or which are circulated as re-
ports in the town. These would be remarkable enough if we
couldzi've credit to them; but it may be presumed that the
refavoumble news which someepdeavour to spread arc rather
the inventions of thoie who wish them to be real. However,
we will mention some of these on Ms such as we have heard
them. The first of these is, that Ballasteros, having divided
his army into two corps of 10,000 men each, sone .under
his own command, the other under Zayas, They had, .by..a.
combined movement, obliged General Ilordesoult to raise.thei
blockade of Cadiz ; and that, preVioui to the•retreat of Borde-I
soult, there had been a sharp action, in which General Valin'
was killed. Cadiz daily augmented its stores of provisions and
ammunition. Above 100 vessels, with these articles, bad lately,
entered the port. So much for Andalusia. As for Madrid, it'
was in comstant fear of being occupied by the Constitutional
troops. Gailleia, notwithstanding all that has been told us,
is the theatre of our losses rather than our victories ; and
General Bourek by his death, and General Huber by very
dangerous wounds, have atoned fur their rash enterprise. Last-
ly, Marshal Moncey, every where beaten, and his natural re-
treat being cut off; must effect ithy Arragon and Navarre. Sa-
ragossa, deaf to the orders of the Regency, which wished the
garrison to be released, is in the most complete anarchy, and the
dangers to which the rich and peaceable inhabitants are ex-
posed, have obliged part of the troops before Pampeluna to
repair thither to restore order. Ferrol is said to have shut its
gates, inclosing a certain number of French (reported to be
a thousand), who, contrary to the capitulation, wanted to take
the artillery to employ it against Corunna. These are a part
of the most striking reports in circulation, which, we repeat,
and give only as specimens, without pretending to attach any
authority to them.

We have the assurance, that 'by order of The Trench Com-
mandant at Burgos all the prisoners'have been•sct atliberty.
Letters from Logrono eay, 'that the Constitutional Chief
Chahalingue has entered Tolosa with 2300 men : he has no
where committed any excesses, and has contented himself With
demanding rntiens which he wanted for his troops. A Frenclt
regiment, which was going to Tudela, received immediate or.:
ders to taken position at Alfaro, when news was brought of
the movement of this partisan, which seems to bo connected with
another made by the Limped:lad° upon Soria.
The 3d Regiment of Chasseurs on horseback, which arrived
here the day before yesterday, departs to-d3y for the army.—
The 3d Regiment of Hussars is expected to-day.

TURKEY AND GREECE.

CONSTANTINOPLE, JULY 10.

Authentic accounts have now been received of the arrival of
the Capitan Pacha with the greater part of his fleet in the
Gulf of Lepanto, after providing the fortresses in Negropont,
Canea in Candle, :Motion and Coron, with provisons and am-
munition. Of his further operations we only know that he has
blockaded Mlssolunghi by sea. It is remarkable that he has
attempted nothing against any of the islands, and that, not-
' withstanding nil the Challenges of the insurgents, cone of their
vessels came nearitim, though hundreds of them were collect-
ed at different points.
It is said now that Jassuf Pacha and Omer Brione
ranee, with the Albanians whom they have enlisted, against
111issolunghi; and it is still affirmed (though other accounts
render it doubtful) that the troops of the Pacha of Scutari are
arrived at Trikala. It is certain that the Turkish army at
Larissa has lately been mucbtreinforced. The country about
the Gulf t.f Volo anti the island of Negropont appear. to have
been lately the scene of very bloody re-actions on the part of
the Turks, who had been fir a time oppressed and ill-treated.
Similar events, of which .we have more particular accounts,
have been caused by -a landing of the insurgents on the coast
of Asia, and this is u part which had hitherto been spared the
horrors of this barbarous war. Fifteen Ipsariot armed vessels,
accompanied bir above.loo barks, appealed in the bay of Adra-
mit and Sandarly, landed come thousand men near the latter
place, plundered the town murdered the greater part of the
inhabitants, and carrier., .a great number of them into slavery,
among whom was ,the Ilttrent of Cara-Osman Oglu.• After
this they plundeved anti burnt all the.villages and farms in the
neighbourhood. and after a short action with sonic troops that
were sent against 'them too late, and in which they lost about
thirty men, returned to this ships laden with booty. So un-
expected an attack tilled the whole country with terror, then
with boundless rage.
The consequence was, that in the town of Pergamo, which
is not far from Sandarly, the Turkish inhabitants, united with
•some Turkish soldiers, fell on the Greek population, and not-
withstanding all the exertions of the Cadi, a venerable old man,
who is said to have received 19 wounds on this occasion, a
dreadful massacre took place, in which about 1000 were killed.
When this account wax received at Constantinople, the Sultan
ordered Ibrahim Pacha,•.who commands the troops on the Bos-
phorus, immediately to r,end.4 large detachment to Pergamo,
and to punish with the utmost rigour the authors of these san-
guinary scenes, which he considered to be neither justified nor
excused by the preceding excesses of die insurgents. Two
thousand men marched, in consequence.of this artier, and Ewa-
ham Melia followed them two days ago. The original plan of
the Ipsariots was calculated on a more extensive scale. They
had pretty plainly threatened to proceed from .Sandarly to
Smyrna, and to set fire to that great city also. The commander
of one of the European squadrons cruising there being informed
in time of this intention, repaired in person to Ilium, and re-
presented to- the Primates, that if such an attempt should he
made, all the commanders of European ships of war would op-
pose it. His exhortation was, indeed, received rather coldly
by the Primates ; the Primates themselves, however, probably
not ignorant of this step, seem to have considered the matter
better, and contented themselves this time with the booty they
had made.—( Austrian Observer, Aug.

The Allgemeinc Zeilnv gives; news from Constantinople of
the same date, in which it is stated that Count Nesselrode's
answer to the Iteis Effendi had been received, and that it was
hoped the former relations with Russia would be restored.
The same paper gives a .more gloomy picture of the
events on the coast of Asia than even the above narration from
the Austrian Observer.- The Greeks, it says, having rejected
an proposals, the war assumes a fatal character of extermina.
tion,which must be more and more destructive to the Greeks.
It sPetns as if their main object was, by their landings on the
coast of 'Asia to increase the number of the unhappy virtims
of theirfanatiCism, as they thus inflame the vengeance of the
tafusmulmans; so that all the Greeks have no other resource but
to embrace one of the two parties. Relating the events at San-
darly, it says the Greeks proceeded in the same manner ,a.t, at
Mitylene. The Turks, in revenge destroyed all the Greek
cotton plantations-at Kirkegaz. In Negropont all the open
count!), has been laid waste by the Turks. The accounts from
Salonichi are equally afflicting. Abdalialt Pacha had sent
12,000 men to the gulf of Volo to quell the insurrection that had
broken ,out there. 'The insurgents fled to Trikeri, but the
Turks laid waste 24 of the Greek villages ,• on which occasion,
according to the Spretateur Oriental of the 4th of July, HAM
Greeks perished.. The women and children were carried into
slavery. The further accounts from the Morea and Negropont
are expected with impatience. It is affirmed that the Puha of
Adrianople, as well as the Paella of Scutari, is at Larissa, and
the Thermopylae in their possession.—So far the illlgensclne
Zeitung.
BRUSSELS, Auo. 11.

The Oriental Spectator of 27th of June says it always thought
the only good plan was not to attack any of the islands, but
to go direct to the object—to combat and vanquish the re-
,velution at its source. It entirely depends on the fate of the
Mora. t " It is there," says the Turkish journal, " that the
Hydra is. Let the Ottoman Hercules triumph over it, and
t!le .islands arc but so many polypusses, which will putrify
and fall °tr. Every island that is attacked will be- destroyed
like kicio.,-..they will therefore be like so many trees cut
down ,to ,the ~;(jet, which will produce no more fruits for the
empire."
Shopld we not think this was the laryunge of n Janissary
it is a Frenchman, who
triad rake andslaughter ? No,
writes these tine Ong* at Otnyrna !—(Brussett Papers, Art-
gust 12.
• This is the Chief of the powerful family which for about
50 years has exercised, in this part of Asia, a sovereignty.al-
rwst independent of the, Porte, and (as all travellers agree) in a
mild and t)enefivent. manner.

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

ErroF: the cambridge Chronicle.]
TRINITY COI4I*EGE,, CAMBRIDGE.

CERF.MONV .14V-INa. THE AristsT STONIZ OF THE
?I'ENV, QUADRANGLE.' •
Tuesday las't,4lle::birth-day of our most gracious SOVE-
REIGN, being aeriltaied for laying the first stone of the new
quadrangle at lrinity College, the ceremony took place, at.
tended by. all'tlimicsircutustances 4d.ponip and splendour hich
belong tO, so interesting an occasion. His Majesty had pre-
viowily been graciously pleased to signify to the College, in his
capacity of Visitor, his royal sanction to this important under-
taking : and to accompany dim sanction by a munificent dona-
don of one thousand pounds in aid of the funds for carrying on
this grand design. As afurther mark of his gracious approba-
tion, he condescended to appoint a proxy to represent his royal
;person in laying the first stone; and having nominated the
Speaker of the House of Commons for this purpose, the arrival
,of -the Right Hon. Gentleman at Trinity Lodge, on Monday
evening, Wad announced by a merry peal from St. Alary's
tower. . .

, ..Early on the -morning of the appointed day, the town pre-
sented an appearance of lively gaiety and bustle, unusual ut
this period of the year; and the fineness of the day drew out
thousands of well-dressed persons who, from every direction,
zushed'towardsthe avenues of the College, anxious to witness
the pleasingspectaele.
The gracious and condescending kindness which his Ma-
jesty has been blessed to show the University on this occasion,
suggested the-propriety of conferring an honorary degree on hitt
distinguished Representative. A convocation was accordingly
held on Tuesday morning, at eleven o'clock, when the Right
lion. Gentleman was, in full senate, admitted Doctor in Civil
Law. in the-abSenee of the Public Orator, the honour of pre-
senting the Speaker devolved on the Rev. Dr. Chatfield, of
Emmanuel College..
The preparations ' for laying the stone being complete, the
Memberkof the -University assembled in the Senate-llouse.at
half-past one o'clock, where a profusion of fruit and wine was
,provided for their-relikshment. At two o'clock, the academic
body, in full costume, left the Senate-Ileuse in the folloWing

011DF.lt OF TUE PROCESSION:
Yeoman Bedell.
Esquire Isedells.
The Vice-Chancellor, in his robes.
The Bight Hon. the Speaker of the House of Commons,
the Representative of his Majesty.
High Steward of the University.
Commissary of the University.
•
- • Noblemen in their robes, two and two.
The Members of Parliament for the University.
Heads of Colleges, in robes, two and two.
Doctors in Divinity, in robes, two and two.
Doctors in Law and Physic, in robes, two and two.
Assessor to the Agee-Chancellor.
Professors of the University.
Proctors in their congregation habits.
Public Registrar and Public Librarians.
Taxors, Scrutators, and other Officers of the University.
Bachelors in Divinity, and Masters of Arts, two.and two.
Readers of Arts.

arellow-Commoners. • •
.Undergraduates.
The effect of the numerous proceseion, as it moved round the.
spacious area in front of the Public Library, and towards the
College, was truly imposing; and the ringing of hells, the
cheers of the multitude, and the admiration of the spectators,
gave a lively character to thejoyous scene. On arriving at the
King's gate, the procession was reeeivtal by the Master, Fel-
lowa, and all the resident members of the College. A band of
music, stationed within the Irate, instantly 'eruct:: up '' God
save the King," and the collegiate procession 'having advanced,
the academie body joined the train-, the whole then proceeded
through the Great Unlit into Neville'is Court, where, turning
to the right, and passing under the Library, time was tines
given for a very manerons 'assemblage of ladies who bad wit..
fussed the processien from the Master's Lodge, to etleanee,
and occupy, with their train, the south cloister; and the sight
then presented to oar view was one of the most gratifying
nit
has ever been witnessed in the I.!niverSity.
The mentherti of the procession having token their respective
stations on the ground, Lae Rev..ianies Seholefichl,
tome
ausjpiclow fltpole)
sr
01(13)ocliille,tg)eseor,1041....iliillriii,%12ci4e)
otta
ndi the lo,rtdaatioynr
cOration,ebriestoolLieti: which,
he tbook aor
caston to pay sonic elegant Complimeots to his 111ajeaty thO.
Royal Patron of the College, and to the Sneaker of the douseof (ommons, both as the Representative of the King, .and its
an illustrious member of the society. Whilst referring A° the
origin, progress, and prosperity of the College, the,Oratorna..
of the measuf3 'they were now
deed the obvions expediency
about W adopt, in.onler to enable then) to accommodate within
its walls so large a proportion of the increasing number of stu-
dents. lie incidentally, introduced the names r ...
a. AMN O
fear-
son, Barrow, and Newton,,.illustrioio ornaments Of the college
and concluded by atiexpressuin.ofloYal attachment to.the King,
the liberal.: patrim of literature and science.
The Sier.aiEn, addressing du': Maiter'of Trinity, expressed
himaelf • nearly is the' following ofeet:—Although I have for
some years been engaged in public duties, 1 can sincerely state,
that in no situation have lever felt greater emberrassment than
/
at the present moment. Among the many disqualifications
which bolo
to me, and 1 ant conscious that in replying to the
eloquent an classical speech of the Reverend Orator, want of
habit has too much impaired my knowledge of the language in
which it was delivered, to permit me to address,: In a similar
manner, the Learned Assembly before whom I stand.. Indeed,
impressed as I um with the grandeur and the importance of
this solemnity, I am but too sensible that even in my native
tongue I shall but feebly and inadequately express my feel- "
ings on the present occasion. Having now the. honour, by "
the gracious favour of his 3lajesty, to -kill a. situation so pecu-
liarly flattering,'
I am proud to acknowledge•my deep sense of
the obligation conferred upon me ; and I feel this obligation the
more, from the cordial attachment which I have invariably che- •
rished for the College wherein I had the happiness to deceive my
education. The splendid edifices (Willis magnificent fotindation,
greet and spacious as they tinker, are, however, inadequate and
insufficient for the reception of the numerous stodants, who
conic from every part of the kingdom, with an anxious desire
'to he received within its walls. We have, therefore, now com-
menced a work, which is in the highest degree worthy of that
royal and distinguished patronage and munificence which can-
not fail to animate the College in the prosecution of their .ex-
tensive and arduous undertaking. In no country are the bene-
fits and blessings of education understood so well and valued
so high as in our own : in no country are the means of a reli-
gious, learned, and liberal education so abundantly supplied ;
witness our renowned universities, Wherein a reverence for reli-
gion, Lad u fervent attachment to our institutions, are. so
strongly inculcated. They are open to all orders „of society,
and the advantages of them, in educating persons destined for
all the learned professions, as well as for the situation of
statesmen, is fully acknowledged, and proves that what-
ever adds permaneocy to then success, ,must also add
strength and utility to the best interests of our country,
in Church and State. Allow me, before 1 conclude, to
return my heartfelt thanks to the University at large for the dis-
tine:ll44d honour which has just been conferred upon me; and
hilly aware of the imperfect manner in which I have expressed
myselfin referenee to the grand object of this day, I have only
to request that you will give me credit for the utmost sincerity;
and to assure you whilst engaged in laying the foundation of
this noble undertaking, I feel the fullest confidence in its sue.
cess and stability.
The upper part of the foundation-stone being then elevated,
the Master presented the gold, silver, and copper coins Of the
present reign to the Speaker, who placed them in the cavity
tprepared for their reception, and covered it with a plate beer,
ug the following,inseruition
QVUD • FtLyx., VAVSTVM • QVE • SIT
• IN. • 110NOREM
sANcre's ET • INDI VI:1)1'2E • TRINITATIS
A WV E
ECCLESLE • ET • REIPVIILICX
EM MX 31 ENTVM
EX DEPRETO • 3IAGISTRI • ET • SENIORVAI
FAYE STE•I TEM • REI4IQVO • SOCIORVM
ET • DISCIPVLORI'3I • C(ETV
ILEC • NOVARVM • JE HI VM • -IV NDAM E NTA
JACIEBAT
V I it • HONA It ATISSIM VS.
CAROM'S • Al ANNE RS • SVVVON
JVSSV • RE( HS • A VGVSTISSIM I
GEORG!'
V ICE M • I P.SI V IS • GERENS
PRIM E • I DVS • 'SE XTI LIS
aLDUCC.XX I 11.
The two parts of the foundation-stone being then fastened to-
gether, and the whole having been raised to a proper height,
the architect (Wm. Esn.) handed a silver' trowel to
the Master, who presented it to the Speaker, when the Right
lion. Gentleman spread the-mortar, and the stone was lowered,
• the Band playing !trite Ibittaunia. The speaker then applied.
the level, this square, and the plumb-line, in the customary
form, and haring ascertained that the work was true., con.
eluded the ceremony by striking the stone with the mullet.
The Rev. Dr. NV on aswonTit, Master of the College, then
offered the following prayer :
" Lord God Almighty l holy, blessed, and gloriaiis Trinity!
three persons, and one . only true God ; the fountain of all
wisdom, and giver of every geed and perfect gift ; who streeh-
est out the heavens like a curtain, and layest the beams of thy
chambers in the waters; thou, without whose blessing the
boilticr labours but in vin ; hear us, we best:act' thee, ac-

cording to the
great goodness, hin heaven thy aling:place,
and sanctify this work, which, in a humble dependance upon
thee, we have now Auspiciously begun. Further, we pray
thee, the labours of our bands, with tby continual help;
and accomplish the same to that•good end for which they are
designed—the increase of thy honour and glory. May the
enlargement of our borders tend, through thy grace, to the
promotion and stability of the true Christian religion in
this realm and in foreign lands ; to the extirpation of errorsand
false opinions; to the growth of sound learning, virtue, and
piety ; and to the common welfare and prosperity of this
Church and Nation.

" Bless, we beseech tree, those benefactors who contribute
to this good work. We implore an expecial blessing upon thy
servant our Sovereign ; let his days be many, and Ns reign
happy and glorious to himself and his people. Continue him
in thy tear and love; and this life ended, crown him with un-
failing glory in the life to come, through Jesus Christ our Lord.
" Together with these our supplications, we ofrer unto thee
our humble and hearty thanks for thy manifold mercies, be.
stowed continually upon this ancient house, dedicated to thine
ever-blessed name. %ire praise thee for our Royal founder,
and for all our Royal and pious benefactors, humbly beseech-
ing thee that as they in their times charitably bestowed for our
comfort the temporal things which thou gayest them, so we, in
our time, may faithfully use the same to the setting forth of
thy Holy Word, thy land, and praise; and that, finally, we,
with all thy servants departed in thy true faith and fear, may
dwell with thee in glory ; having a building of God, a house
not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. Grant this, 0
merciful Father, for Jesus Christ's sake, thy Son our Saviour.

-
The Anthem, Praise the. Lord, 0 Jerusalem, was sung by
the choir; after which the Vice-Chancellor pronounced the be-
nediction ; and the ceremony concluded with the National An.
them of God save the King, in which the assembled multitude
enthusiastically joined, following it by hearty cheers.
The procession then left the ground ; and the many thousand
spectators, who had been admitted to witness the interesting
ceremony, departed, evidently gratified by the proceedings of
the day.
We should not do justice to the hospitality of Trinity lodge,
if we failed to notice the elegant breakfast and cold collation
with which, by the invitation of the, Master, a very large as-
semblage of ladies and gentlemen were regaled in King Henry
the Eighth's room, previous to the commencement of the cere-
mony. The ladies ..of nearly all the principalp families in the
county. and the town were present, and enjoyed the various de-
' Ileums which were profusely supplied ; and promenaded through
the magnificent suite of rooms, which were freely thrown open
for their inspection, and were completely filled by the company.
The Master and Fellows gave a sumptuous dinner on the
occasion, in the College Hall, to about 150 gentlemen, among
whom we noticed the following distinguished personages:—
The Vice-Chancellor, the Speaker, the Earl of Hardwicke,
Lord John Townshend, Viscount Palmerston and W. J.
Bankes, Esq. Members for the University; the Masters of
Emmanuel, Catherine Hall, Sidney, Clare Hall, Jesus' and
Corpus Christi Colleges • Lord Hervey, the Right lion. Henry
Goulburn, Sir John Malcolm, Sir St. Vincent Cotton, Bart.,
Sir Chas. Watson, Bart., the Dean of Peterborough, Arch.
deacon Illoinfleld, the Rev. Subdean Bayley, Mr. Prebendary
King, &c. &c.—After the cloth was drawn, and Non Nobit
Domino had been sung, the following toasts were given :
The KIN a, the Visitor of the -College, and a munificent
Bentfactor.—(The Master here expressed, in forcible and elo-
quent terms, the sense of dutiful attachment to the King, in
connection with the day, as the day of his Majesty's birth. He
further offered a warm tribute of gratitude, in behalf of him-
self and the society over which he presides, for the gracious
condescension, and munificent patronage displayed towards
the College on the present occasion ; a conduct, cuaracteristic
of the paternal regard of his Majesty to the intellectuel, moral,
and religious interests of his people.]
Time Royal Family.—[ln giving this toart the Master said
that he could not omit to stare a peculiar 4ietiction which the
CIE:tII. geese: et,
olnis.
:jrienjoyedelizh.octripfult
the
oeicnsi
atnx.c.
Ilipehtasiirsiwacteeevaixrsechi:ino_kiitgonoet the honour of two members of that
Royal and Illustrious House enrolled on its boards ; and he
Th
Th
is
must beg to give the health of their Royal Highnesses the
of the Royal Family.]
rnal GthloeuteeTsatievrers. together
ity. with the rest
his
el rsi
gfaGiect ikoistilltfoermiuec.ykoa.dnrr(s.iegtiottiflreintnhrne;sleLitha7nnimlign;eihkrsstsiutiiysinto7na.atl.
neat speech.]
I'h
tdbielegnoilftiltiree;leauin:irazneg'tiuliern:seldaitahjietsntkysi
coobnseruavaninpgivtahte—at
than
aes he.seasni?nout.nsi
Iio,WSS unable to conceive
in tercstedhis feelinp, both panutlwicialinchd commands,
whaavteeln.ciro: occasion,
The Representatives Parliament for ,theanUnlivPers". ity.—
[Lord Palmerston and Mr. Bankes severally returned thanks,
in appropriate speeches.]
Success to the New Buildings.
The Benefactors to the New Buildings present and absent.—
[ Lord limey and the Right Hon. henry tioulburn severally
expressed their acknowledgments.]
The Reads of Colleges who honoured the ceremony by their
presence..-•[ 1)r. Proctor returned thanks, and proposed the
!which
The Master of Trinity...4l)r. Wordsworth expressed his
acknowledgments in a very forcible and feeling manner.]
The Vice4laster and Fellows of the College.—[Jlr. Re-
nouard returned thanks.]
The non-resident Alembers of the University who were pre-
sent on this occasion.---[Lord John Townahend rose, and ad-
dressed the company in an animated speech. ]
The Dignitaries a the Church, who are Members of the
College:—.l.The Bean of Peterborough and Archdeacon Blom-
field returned thanks in impressive speeches.]
The Professors of the University.—[Dr. ilariland addressed
the company in appropriate terms.l
The former Fellows of the College, who have honoured the
ceremony by their presence.—[The Rev. Dr. Batten returned
than ks.l
Mr. Wilkins, the Architect.—[Mr.-W. stated, that lie felt
it a proud distinction to have the honour of being so largely
engaged in the service of the University of which he was a
Member.
Mr. Sclii)lefleld, the Orator.—[The Rev. Gent. acknowledged
the honour in eloquent terms.]
The Strangers and Visitors who favoured the meeting with
their company, particularly Sir Jon Malcolm, upon whom the
Master passed a just eultn,ium.—[The gallant officer, in an
address, full of maul, energetic, and fervent sentiments, ex-
pressed the sense of respect he entertained both for the College
anethe distinguished individuals who drank his health in such
a flattering manner. Sir John's address was received by the
company with the most marked approbation, and every one felt
satisfied that however great his merits as a Statesman and a
soldier, his talents as an orator were equally conspicuous.]
The absent Members of the Society.
In the evening, several of the ladies and gentlemen who hail
witnessed the ceremonial of the day were entertained by a
party of die Fellows, in two of the large apartments in Ne-
ville's-court, with a concert and supper. Nearly two hundred,
we understand, were present, and at a late hour the several vi-
sitors departed, highly pleased with the attention end civilities
?Odell they had experienced throughout the whole of this truly
interesting day. One more gratifying in every respect to the
Members of the College cannot, we imagine, lie found in its
records.

The choir dined together In the combination-room the
ibundation servants were in like manner entertained in one of
the lecture-rooms, and a plentiful and substantial dinner was
provided for the workmen, on the lawn near the site of the
intended building.
The Rev. George Hutton Oreenall, AI.A. Fellow of Christ
College, has been presented by the Master and Fellows of that
Society, to the rectory of Moulton, in the county of Suffolk, va-
cant by the death of the Rev. Edward Wilson. _ _ _ _

On the 27th ult. the Lord iffshopof Salisbury admitted the
following lientlemen into Holy Orders:— _

I)Es66r.ra.—(libbes W. Jordan, B.A. Pembroke Hall ;
Jobn T. P. Collin, II.A. Caws College ; George W. P. Paley,
St. Peter's College; Morgan Devenish, B.A. Jesus College;
George R. (gray, B.A. Gonvilla and Caius College ; and G.
aArtdt wAtxtd, ,
essi
tMe
4.. A.
n. Fellowc of
orpustiiPembrokeristicolall
lflege,,Calb
Oxford.
urige.—Rich-
PRlE3Td.—llenry Thomas Borne, 8.A., Charles Smith
Bird, B.A.', and G. 411. Jukes, B.A. Trinity College; Thomas
Foster, 8.A., and Almon West, Emanuel College; Henry
Good, S.C.L, Trinity Hall; James Wollen, B.A. St. John's
College ; and George Norris, Christ College, Cambridge.—
Fred. E....Pegus, 11,41. St. -John's College ; Walter Erle, St.
Mary Hall; -J. A. Protvse, S.C.L. 'Alagd-alen Hall; and,John
(Alege, Oxford.
Tlw Lord Bishop or Lincoln purposes holding an ordination
at Bucket], on Sunday the 21st September.
The Rev. Matthew Barnett has been instituted to the Rectory
of Ludford parva 'Lincolnshire, on the presentation of A.
Boucherett, Lsq.
'Ww. Stephen Poyntz,Esq„ was on Friday last chosen High
Steward of the borough of Huntingdon, in the room of Gen.
Hussey, deceased.
Oxvotin, Ann. 15.—0 n the- instant, George Tyndall,
Esq., of Christ Church, and B. 11. Bridges, and G. Tierney,
Esqrs., of Oriel, were elected Probationary Fellows of Merton'
College..—On Thursday last was instituted by the lion. and
Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Gloucester, the Rev. Samuel
Farmer Sadler, S.C.L. to the Rectory of Sutton-under-Brailes,
Gloucestershire, upon .the presentation of the Lord Bishop of
London.—Among tite (iffalemen who graduated in the Uni-
versity of Dublin on the last Commencement Day, the Rev.
Vavasour, Rector of Sto w.on.the-Wold, Liloucestershire,
obtained the degree
,of ;Vaster of lt r ts.

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

SUN-OFFICE, One .'Clock.

An Express from Paris has brought the Me-
niteur of Thursday, which contains a Telegraphic
Dispatch from Bayonne, announcing, not on any
official authority, but on a rumour set afloat
by a traveller mho had arrived at Bayonne,
that the Cortes had given up King FERDINAND to
the French troops before Cadiz, that the whole of
the Corks had embarked, and had sailed, unmo-
le4kti, throne, the French squadron in the Bey,
anti that though their destination Was unknown, it
ti as supposed to be for England !--The origin of
this story is so suspicious, that it cannot of course
receive any credit until the receipt of further and
more authentic accounts. The Moniteur itself
admits, that in this instance, the news transmitted
by the Telegraph, requires confirmation.
A private letter has also been received, of
the 11th, in the evening, stating, that an Ex-
press had arrived at the Spanish Ambassador's
in Paris, with an account of the release of the
King of Spain ; and it was expected, on the next
morning, that the cannon of Paris would an-
nounce the above event.

The Gazette de France of Thursday, received
by Express, states that letters from Carolina, of
the 6th August, announce that Btr.t.As•rcuos had
written to the principal Members 'of the Cortes,
and that he had undertaken to the French that
the K►xa should be liberated before fifteen days.
The Dade contains the articles of the capitu-
latioi► between Generals MOL►ro►c and BALLA.

ST EROS.

French Bente', 93f. Mk.. Sinini3ll Bonds, 441.

That part of the intelligence from Bayonne,
which is given in our preceding columns, re•

specting the alleged junction of the corps of
BA LLAST EROS and ZAICAS, and the subsequent
operations of those Generals against BOUIIDE
SOULT, whom they are represented as having
compelled to raise the siege of Cadiz, is of course
falsified by th© preceding Bulletins which an-
nounced the successes of General Mot.yron, and
too fully established the fact of the treachery and
submission of 11A Lt.AsTr nos. The Bayonne
writer, however, gives all his statements as mere
rumours, for the authenticity of which he
does not pretend to vouch ; and UllllOthlk he
has obviously teen misinformed ns to What WtIS
taking place in Andalusia, it is equally certain
that his information respecting the progress of
the war in Catalonia, is chiefly correct. I I is
statements, therefore, respecting the events in
Galicia, and in the other theatres of active opera-
tions in Spain, may have some foundation in fact;
and although they are not, certainly, entitled to
implicit credit, neither ought they to be totally
rejected, as utterly unworthy of belief. Notwith-
standing the defection of BALLAsTEnns, the
friends to the Spanidt cause are still san-
guine in their expectations of the eventual tri-
umph of the Constitutionalists over all their fo-
reign and domestic enemies ; anti many persona,
in the fervour, of their enthusiasm, even express
a hope that the Cortes will reject every
overture for peace, in spite of the dangers
by which they are surrounded, and the diffi-
culties in which they must necessarily be involved.
We cannot go quite so far as these enthusiasts ;
and on the contrary, though we still see no caust)

pf despair for Spain, holding, as she does, all her
principal fortresses, proudly and triumphantly
contending with her enemy in Catalonia, and se•
curely preserving her Government within the
linpregnable bulwarks of Cadiz, yet we think
that an accommodation, the terms of which should
secure her national independence, and her na-
tional freedom and national honour, is a bless-
ing, under all'cire‘unstances, most devoutly to be
desired.

The extracts from the Paris Papers in our pre-
sent columns are not of much importance. The
Bulletin taken from the Moniteur is only a repe-
tition of the news of BALLASTEROSN submission,
us previously announced in the Telegraphic Dis-
patches. Corunna, as our Readers will observe,
is not likely to full soon, as the French are ac-
knowledged not to be in a condition to under-
take its bombardment.

CIT y , Melee o'Clock.—Cousols opened at 821,
went up to 83k and up to this hour aro 82i.
In consequence of the Express from Paris this
morning, with a report of the King of SPAIN
being set at liberty, Spanish Bonds got up 37-},
And are now 37.1. A great deal of business was
done this morning in the Foreign Funds.—Russia
86, Colomb. WI, French Funds 93 70, Spanish
nt Paris 41.

GENOA, Jur.v 30.--Travellers from Rome
niiirm that, notwithstanding • the public declarations of some
physicians, the greatest apprehensions were excited by the state
of the I'Ol'E's health, and there is very little hope remaining
of his recovery. Cardinal Gonsalvi gives fresh proofs of his
attachment to his Sovereign and of the energy of his character
on this trying occasion. Unhappily his own health has lately
suifertal violent attacks, and we are thus threatened with two
severe losses at the same time. Lord BYRON% with his lyre in
his hand, singing Erebus and Destiny, has sailed for Greece,
which wanted nothing but a Tyrtmus.
LEGuortm, JULY SO.—Lord BYRON arrived
here on the 221, and sailed the next day for Zante, on
board the English brig Hercules, Captain Scott. He will
immediately go to the Peloponnesus. He has • several Greeks
with hint, and some English officers, as well as ammunition,
sand 70,000 piastres for the Greeks.—The King of Naples is
, expected here to-morrow, to embark on board the Neapolitan
squadron, which is waiting to convey him home.
Yesterday morning, at a quarter before seven
o'clock, the .Duchess of KENT, accompanied by
the Princesses FEonOu and VITTORIA, left the
KING'S Palace, at Kensington, with their Royal
Highnesses' attendants, in three carriages, and
, .
proceeded through Hyde-park down tionstau-
tion-hill, by the Green Park, through the Bird-
cage-walk in St. James's Park, over Westmin-
ster-bridge, and proceeded to the Tower Stairs,
Prince LEoroLo followed the Royal party on
their passing through the Birdcage-walk, attend-
ed by Sir RoamtT.G.tautsca, and arrived at the
Tower Stairs in time to hand his Royal relatives
into- the Itarnsgate Steam Packet. A Royal
salute was tired at the Tower at the departure of
their Royal Highnesses.
•Yestevday Mr. CA.Nmrsa dined with the East
India Directors.

A report from General MlLAsts of the action
at Jorba on the 25th, when his position was at-
tacked by Marshal Momcur, says, that his troops
retreated by his order, after makin4 the most
obstinate resistance, and always victorious ; that
the enemy lost 900 men ; his loss was 50 killed,
and 110 wounded.

The King of SWEDEN has recently raised 20
Norwegian Officers to the rank of Knights of
the Sword.

The lonian Parliament has placed at the dis.
posal of Government the sum of from 10,000 to
15,000 dollars towards the establishment of the
projected University at Corfu.
Major Dux')As, an Officer who had been for
several years attached to the Staff' of the Duke
of WELLI NGTON, and who frequently distin-
guished himself during the campaigns in the Pe.
ninsula, has been appointed Chief of Police in
the county of Wexford.
It is stated in the Gazette Universelle of Lyons
that, in the course of the last fortnight, the
prisons in that City had been filled in an extra.
ordinary manmer. Upwards of ISO persons had
been arrested charged with theft, swindling, or
the more heavy crime of murder.
M. OuvaAnn, the French Contractor, occu.
pies one of the most noble palaces in Madrid.--
He lives the-re in great style, and gives the most
splendid fries and soirees.
FATAL DUEL IN FR ANCE.--Some little time
since an English Baronet, who is well known in
the sporting circles, had words one evening with
a French officer in Paris. Whether they origi-
nated iu play, or in that system of rancour which
is well knon n to have been entertained by the
French against the British ever since time battle
Emf Waterloo, we know not. The parties, however,
met the next morning, Col. L. being second to
the Baronet. The Frenchman fired first, and his
passed through his antagonist's hat. The
Baronet then shot him through the pistol arm,
and observing that he was wounded, desired
that they should proceed no further. The
officer, however, insisted that he was still
able to pull a trigger, and that if time Be-
roeet deft the ground 'chile that was the
case, he would post him throughout Paris as a
coward. The Baronet, whose courage has always
stood pre-eminent, observed, that he trusted that
both their reputations were unassailable on that
head, and persisted in urging the termination of the
affair as it stood, which only made his opponent the
more violent. Being thus again compelled to re-
sume his station, he said to Col. J.., I must shoot
again in may own defence ; to which the Colonel
answered—You have noalternative. The Baronet
acoordingly again fired in turn, and the ball passing
through his ad versary's head, he convulsively leapt
a considerable height, and turning over fell, with
his head under him, dead. On this unhappy
event, the Baronet and his second prudentially
retired to Montpelier till the affair had blown
over, when it being generally understood that
the officer was the aggressor, and no proceedings
being instituted? they again fixed their residence
in Paris,

COURT OF CIIANCERY.—(Tors DAs.)
