CRAVEN MEETING, 1836.

FitioAY.—The Gtosvenor—gudie S ak-s of 100 nom
eleh, h. ft. ; colts. B.r. 71h ; fillip., D.M.

General Grosvenor 's c. by Zinganee, out of Blue Stockings ;
Lord Lowther's brother to Gl..ucus ; Duke of Richmond's c. by
Helenu-, out of Arbis ; Lord Verulam's c. by Einilius, out of
Varennes ; Lord Chesterfield's f. Wish, by Sultan, out of
Were's darn.

FIRST SPRING, 1836.

TtESDAY.---Swerp.tak•s of 100 boys. each, h. ft. ; colts,

•
B.t. '7ll. ;fi Sst 31) A. M.
Lord T ivistock's f. by Royal Oak, out of Leeway (51b.) ; Lord
Chesterfield's c. by Zinganee, out of Babel (51b.) ; Lord Veru-
lam's f. by Emilitut., out of Brocard (;31b.) ; General Grosvenor's
c. by Zinganee, out of Blue Stockings (31b).

SETTLING for the DERBY and OAKS.
Whenever the favourites get beaten for the Derby (and
such is ;he case four times out of five) the I.toblic, or pro-
pray speaking, those not conversant with racing matters,
seem to consider it a source of congratulation that " the
knowing Ones are on the wrong side." Dangerous, an
outsider, won the Derby ; Vesp I, also an outsider, won
the o,ks; the fav-urites were " nowhere," and in all
quarters where racing is the topic do we hear the old
story—" Well, the knowing Ones are done again." This
is altogether a mistake—the reed knowing ones are those
who bet round on a system which cannot fail to succeed,
provided they get paid, which, as in all other affairs, is
any thing hut a certainty ; to this class it matters little
whether the favourite wins or the field, they are sure to
he on the right side. It cannot he denied that they may
win more by one hors, than another, and such happened
to he the case last week. D ngerous was about the most
as kward of the outsiders. Toe losers on the late races
were the barkers of horses, and these (with due respect,
and admitting their itodis,,ensitbility to " betters round"),
are not the knowing ones. The settling on the two
stakes took place yes ei day at Tattersall's, and appeared to
go off smoothly. There were no large winners on either
rag-, the owners of the two winners not having possessed
sufficient confidence in their horses against f oncy stables
and public cunning. Mr. Sailer was so far from looking
upon it as safe, that he ac,uaily offred to hedge a bet of
5,000 to 100, taken from one oh the most influential spe-
culators : it was declined as a matter of course; and the
only consequence was, that the genilernan alluded to laid
out 7,000 own., and almost neutral.z-d a " good book."
S;r Mark Wood is not a great winner : his filly was
thought something of for a considerable time, and was
backed, but was never in the market. Sne was beaten
twice at Newmarket easily, so that Sir Mark won hie
bets simply because he was not afforded an opportunity of
gi tting off his money. There tvere no defaulters—a
term, by the way, quite out of fashion ; and with those
who go out of their di-pth the custom now is to pay a little,
promise the remainder, and begin de novo ! As may
h ove been collected, the balances wt re inconsiderable, and
the adjustment of them satisfactory.

MYSTERIOUS OCCURRENCE.

(From a Morning Cor.temporory.)

SlR,—The following most extraordinary occurrence
took place on board one of my own fishing vessels last
week, for the accuracy of which I pledge m'self, although
the most credulous would scatcely believe its authenticity.
The crew of the vessel, consisting of nine men, will be
willing at any time to come forward upon their oaths, if
required, and attest the truth of this singular affair. If
you, Mr. Editor, consider the narrative deserving a place
M your 'iper, it may ultimatley throw same light upon
the hidden transaction, and will greatly oblige
Your obedient servant,
Lowestoft, May 27, 1833. G. S. COWING.
On Monday last, the 20th instant, a fishing vessel be-
longing to Lowestoft, Robert Gowing, toaster, engaged in
the mackerel fishery, was lying at sea, about nine leagues
to the eastward of Lowestoft, in 26 fathoms water ; the
crew during the day cast their fishing lines into the sea
for the purpose of catching cod fish and haddock (the pro-
duce of which is a privilege the crew have exclusively to
themselves). Upon hauling up their lines they had caught
several cod and other fish ; one of the former was of un-
usual size, and the master proposed it should be brought
on shore for a le ; but being detained at sea until the
following day, it was agreed that the large cod-fish
should he cleaned and dressed for the ensuing morn
ing. Upon opening the fish, the belly was observed to be
of unusual size, which induced them to be particular in
ascertaining its contents ; when, upon slitting it open, to
the utter astonishment of the master and part of the crew
(tie remaining parr of them being in the cabin), a new-
horn infant, in a perfect state, presented itself to their
almost unbtiteving eyes. The master immediately sum-
moned that part of the crew which were below upon deck,
th it the whole of them, nine in number, should witness
unprecedented phenomenon, and bear their united
testimony to the fact. They immediately began to examine
the little innocent, which they describe as a fine full-grown
male child, perfectly formed, with toe and finger nails com-
plete, and having dark brown hair on the back part of its
little head ; nor was it at all disfigured or decomposed, and
from its appearance could not have been taken by the fish
but a very few hours before it was caught. The master
is a married man, with a family, a distant relation of mine
and one in whom I place the greatest confidence; but I
have no doubt he would have been the last man to believe
in such an occurrence had he not been the very person
who witnessed it. The above narrative, it will be it
marked, is incomplete in one rather important particular.
It omits to inform us whether the infant JONAH was alive
or dead.

The losses of a sporting Nobleman on the
Derby Stakes form no inconsiderable conversation at the
west end of the town. There appears to he, however,
little commisetation expressed at the untow rd event, as
it is well known that the same individual was a winner
to the large arm.unt of 35,0001. only a few seasons ago•
His Loroship's present losses are said to be nearly to the
same all ount ! .

____
There are to be three provincial musical
festivals next autumn, namely, at Worcester, Liverpool,
and Norwich—all with a view of promoting charity.

CORNWALL.

MASONIC KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.

SIR JOHN ST. AUBYN, BART., P.G.M.

(From the Falmouth Packet.)
GRAND ENCAMPMENT OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR Al
ST. MICHAEL'S MOUNT, MAY 17.
A. 0. 715. A. C. 5111.

11. R. D. M.

K. D. B. K.

Pursuant to a notice duly given, a Conclave of th.
Ancient, Royal, Exalt.d, Religious, and Mditary Ord.
of Ma...onic Knights Teniplars, of Malta, Palestine, Rhod..s.
St. John of Jerusalem, and Hospi,allers, confederated it•
encampment at St. Michael's Mount, on the 17th inst.,
celebrateto with high misonic honours the birthday oi
S'r John St. Aubyn, Bart , tl.e venerable and resperte,
P.G.M. of the county of Cornwall.
On T' ursday, the 16.11 inst., " The Royal Arch Chap
ter of Virtue, Silence, and Peace," was opened by ad
.jouinment, in ample form at the " Mount Sin4i Lodge,"
in Penzance, for the purpose of admitting to the honour.
of exaltation, thop brethren who, from their masonic cha-
rawer were entitled to the degree ; wh. n many brethren.
from divers parts of the province, were admitted to an ac
(paint nee with its sublime mysteries. _ .

Efrly on the morning of Primly, the 17th inst., the
R•,y,l Arch M 'sons and Knights Templars wet at the
Union Hotel, and preceded by trumpets, &c., embark-d at
Perz ince pier for the Mount (abut three miles di-cant)
in Sir J.,hn and Lady St. Atihyn's state barges, and
others prepared for tt.e oc,.asion. The bargemen wer,
arra; ed in their state liveries and the barges were appro-
prittely decorated with the fl igs of the various orders r
masonic knighthood, amongst which the banner of the Re,
Cross slt.ne conspicuous.
The day was eminently propitious for the excurnim,
across the bay ; and the Mount itself, " that precious gen,
set in the silver sea," at all tittles a glorious objet, now
appeared doubly so, from the streamers floating cnajesti
rally from its proud turrets, and from its direct connection
with the romantic orders of bygone knighthood.
Numbers of picturesque boats—youth at the prow, and
pt

,leasure at the helm, and beauty the •.clued cargo—de—
corated with every variety of colour, enlivened the transi,
from Penzance to " the Holy Hill," where, at eleven, a.m..
the knidits companions landed under a salute of twenty-
one guns from 'he b.tt,,ries of the antique castle.
_

The procession ascended the hill on the north-east side,
by a rocky winding path (in the course of which severs
remains of its ancient fortifications presented themselves).
preceded by a hand of wind instruments, and after th,
usual ceremonial approach to a baroni castle, were first
admitted by a warder within its gates, and then received
by Mr. Baker, the stervar,, who, in the name of Sir J hn
St. Aubyn, lord of this ancient castle, greeted the knights
companions on their entrance with a true and right heart
welcome.

From this magnificent mount the prospect is of the
grandest description, and is, perhaps, as striking as ati.
that can occur to mortal eye. The immense extent of -en
rai-es the most sublime emotions. The waves of the Bri.
ti-b, Irish, and Atlantic Seas, all roll within the compass
of the sight , whilst the eve is relieved from the uniform,
though impo-ing, grandeur of so boundless an horizon, ht
wandering, on the north and west, over a landscape which
Claude himself might have transferred on his immortal
canvas.

The numbers 3. 5,7, and 11, are sacred to masonry,
and in a masterly disposition of these consist the chit-
beauty of the castle architecture. There are 3 lights at
the east end of the chapel; 3 embrasures before th•
2 lower lights of the castle; three loop-holes, which fact
the castle way ; 3 embrasures a little further on; 3 em-
brasures north of the west wing ; 3 embrasures south of
the portal ; 3 cannon. wt kilt form the lower battery ;
3 lights in that part of the building which retires fro!,
t. e south front to the west; 3 turrets on the south
tower ; 3 embrasures west ditto; 3 lights in the drawing
romm ; 3 embrasures in the north wall of the entrance ti,
the drawing-rooms.

There are 5 turrets on the west tower; 5 embrasure.
over the portal ; 5 •urreta south of the west building.
which is south of the portal ; 5 turrets on the east frho
of the e ist drawinit-room ; 5 turrets over a projection•
b-fore the east drawing room ; 5 opening, circular, above
the preceding ; 5 embrasures, south east ; b turrets ROW:
of the buil ing before the two lower lights east of tlii
chapel; 5 steps ead to the furnace for red-hot balls ; 5
steps on each sole of the lower cannon.
Seen cannons compose the south battery; 7 •cobra
sorra north and south of the chapel. _

Eleven cannons c •mpo,e the north upper bittery; 11
embr,sures east of the hack court ; 11 turrets north an,
south drawine-room walls ; 11 panes in the upper 4h•
at the east end of the chapel, it is a circle; 11 st,ps crow,
each of the gables of the drawing-rooms ; 11 embrasur,
south ea t, &c.

The knights were introduced into a spacious Gothic
aparment, the ea-tern hall Here " The Cornubt
campment, or Conclave of the Holy City," pitched Hari.
tents, and aft r the necessary preliminary arrangements
several R A.M. were installed into the honour of masonic
knighthood, and invested and decorated with the symbol-
and en-igns of the order.
After the ceremonial of the installation, the knights
proceeded, to the sound of six sweet.toned bells, to tit
chapel of the cistle, where divine service was performeo
by the Rev. H. Gryll., Grand Prior of the order, when
companion Fanning, P G. Organist, performed, on the
magnificent organ wlai;-h ornaments this venerable monu-
ment of Saxon architecture, several anthems suited to the
solemn ceremony.
The unoulating sound of the chapel bells—the swellinr
note of the organ—the full choral service, in which several
of the knights at,isted, produced a most pleasing and in-
describable effect.
Ind- pendently of the Knights Companions, who occu-
pied the stalls of the chapel, the household of the venerated
baronet attended, and the chapel itself was filled with mi-
me:out respectable visirers, from various parts of the
county.
On the conclusion of the service, the knights returned
to the refectory of common ball, commonly called, from
the amique frieze which ornaments it, " The Chev%
Chace R iom." The cornice represents in stucco th.
mods of hunting the wild boar, bull, stag, ostrich, hare.
fox, and rabbit. At the upper end of this room are the
royal arms, with the date 1644, and at the opposite end
thme of the St. Aubyn family. The apartment has s
solemn and imposing appearance, which is not a littla
heightened by the antique and appropriate character of its
furniture and ornaments.

In th's mtentficent baronial chamber the knightly re-
past was spread ; and to companion John Pearce, of Pen-
z ince, the encampment WAS indebted for the prepare,
refection. Turbot and turtle, viands of the rarest kind,
and wines of the most unexceptionable quality, all contri
bated to the gratification of the congregated party.
Alter the health of the King, as Grand Patron, and the
Duke of Sussex, as Grand Master, had been drunk wit!
due masonic honors,
The Deetirr PROVINCIAL GRAND MASTER. arose and
said, that he now came to that toast which must create a
new feeling in the hearts of his audience, and carry then'
to that acme of joy, which could only be called forth ba
the object of their affections, and the gratification of their
ardent and most sanguine wishes. That gratification hi
would instantly give ; but as he had the hon''ur, on the
occasion, to represent the distinguished individual whom
they were about to toast, he would yield to another the
happiness of proposing and prefacing the health of the,'
beloved Provincial Grand Master, Sir J. St. Aubyn, Bart ,
on his natal day; and it was with the highest satisfaction
that he del, gated that most gratifying undertaking to their
esteemed Knight Commander Ellis, in whose warm hear
the venerated Lord of the Castle held his seat as firmly
and immoveably as the stubborn rock upon which this
proud fabric had for centuries withstood the ravages o'
ieropest, and treason.—(Load and repeated cheers.)
The Exc. Principal Et.us then presented himself, am
said, that to be intrusted with a proposition which regardet!
the principal object of this novel, but highly intere-tic4
meeting, must be gratifying to the feelings of any one ; it
would be confessed, however, that it placed the individuat
in a very responsible situation. Although the them,
was one which, to the ears of the brotherhood of thi•
province was familiar, yet the peculiarity of their situa-
tion at that moment excited a timidity which obliged
him to confess that he could not do justice to the subject.
Surrounded by his companions, on the apex of this far-
famed mount, this gem set in the emerald wave, en
camped within the walls of its castle, and above all in th.
pres. nce of the fair, whom we t.'rm the angels of life, the)
'night fancy the patron saint,
Michael, again
. appearing t,
heighten the effect of the scene. Reflecting for a mome!l
on these circum.tances, they seemed to surmount the 111.•
&miry, and he would at once propose the health of th
venerable and venerated Lord of the Mountain, Sir Joh'
St. Aubyn, Bart., who this day has attained to his 756
year. For nearly half a century he had held the higher
office amongst the order in this province, and, in that
situation had endeared himself to the brethren by es?' rN
4,3 whtmh he had been called upon to perform. As
great lauded and ;nine proprietor in this neighbourhood
'is name was ble-sea by titz.esands, who acknowlede,'
iris princely acts. As a g•-ntletnan, his urbanity pltce•
trim in the first class, whilst his fortune gave him the op
portunity of displaying that magnificence of style whit
leads the beholder to days of yore, when the hospital'

and grandeur of the ancients were proverbial. The scenes
oi this day seemed rather to partake of the history cf ro-
mance than of the realities of the age in epic!, they lived,
and be doubted net would long live in the remembrance of
many. He hoped to be fol owed by the Exc. Principal
(J. Gornish), one of the three who, conjointly with him-
self, and their very highly-respected Exc. Principal (Ro-
binson, D P.G.M.), form one Mister in the degree on
this occasion, and whose capabilities are so generally ac-
knowledged and deservedly admired. He concluded by
proposing the health of Sir John Sr. Auhyn, Bart. ; may
he live long to enjoy the pleasures created by his own tx-
cellencies.—(Lowi cheers.)
C. Coltman concurred with the sentiments that had
been so eloquently expounded by the D P. G M. Robinson,
cued the E. C. Ellis—and e.garded the Knightly comoae-
moration of the natal day cf the G and Master of the Pro-
vince on this splendid pile, so celebrated in history, ro-
mance, and poetry, as unique in the records of free ma-
fy.*. f. He expres,ed his ardent hope that the deep ma-
'""“eeling which prompted this memorable encampment
vonld extend itself to ages yet unborn.
The toast teas then drank with the highest masonic
honours, and the moat enthusiastic cheers, while the gun"
roue the batteries fired a salute.

The CHAIRMAN said, that in his character as represen,
-ative of their highly distincnished and venerated Pro-
vincial Grand Master, and, in his absence. he rose to ex-
ercise the privilege of returning thanks for the honour
eonferied upon him in associating his name wila bwse
unanimous testimonies of v:neration and esteem, so pow-
erfolly evinced by all present, in the soul .stirring ceremony
if the past toast, which, like music's trielAy, still banes on
he enraptured ear ; whilst, the not ir in which it was
1u stied, leaves the exhilarating balm and sweeitiess on the
ip ; and like the corn and wine of deligtiting and
•heering each gratified heart, though the sparkling be-
verage which mantled in the heart-entwining gob!, t had
~.en drained to the last drop. an i a new the me of r• cis!
eeling had called forth its oft-repeated an ; fiber rep!--
lishment. But he would ad tress himself more parti
!ulsrly to his Exc. Companion Ellis. who, in that
'nay feeling and language so truly his own, had
drawn from their hearts those acclamations of re-
ard and veneration for the Load of :hat Ctstle, that
its wills will long continue to resound with the peals of
joy and merriment, though each happy knight should
a
ked
o
is
should
dpwrnii cot
longerhis thenag: graced eihd,
ptqrheielieentlitli;irmalilh•atnfudl furnishedated trichr boardptinn g-
e
ispect. He would no longer detain them. bur, in the
iron- of Sir John St. Auhyn, pour forth (for the oisin-
,,uished honours they h.d coh'er'ed upon h m) those
Jateful -spirations which be well knew would have dyes
igh in his generous bosom had be been present to receive
them.—(Chrers )
The DETUTY PROVINCIAL GRAND N/A,TER theta gave
ne heal h of Lady St Anhyn, in a sp,ech replete with
he most felicitous expressions of regard, which was re-
, ived and drank with that warmth of feeling that ever
listinguishes the M sonic character.
Tne healths of the ladies present were then given. when
Companion J Pain.? returned thanks on th it behalf
in a speech of petry and love, and concluded by urging
i!tch knight who had not taken a is by to his peculiar
,barge, to show his gallantry by d.‘ing so, for

" Of life's divinest joys he knows hut part,
Who never had a share in woman's heart."

Companion BALER proposed the health of the Deputy
Provincial Rubinson, whom he eulogisrd in terms of high
rempect, which were reiterated by every one present, and
,he to .at wts drank with Vie warmest expressions of re-
44rd, amid the roaring of cannon on the batteries.
On the subsiding of the expression of pleasure,
Roawsow, in returning thanks, observed teat

hen he contemplated the magnificent hall in which they
..,ere seated, and the esteemed characters at the banquet,
ecoratrd in the insienia of honour and office, he was

arried back to the early period which first gave birth to
~eir royal order, sod he fancied be saw around him
Eitiope's pride in former days, and that a Grant Com-
otdiator, a Held Grant Marshal, a Grant H.tspital:er,

n Admiral. a Head Conservator. a Head Grand B iliff,
Great Chancellor, and a Grand 'fuicopolier, were at
:hat inoutent vyeing, with chivalrou- ardour, in giving
hat character to the proceedings of the day, which should
and it down to p.istetity an ensample of " silence,
mod peace ;" creating at the same :i:ne an era that would
e held sacred in the encampment, the chapter, and the
art ovince.--( Cheers. )
Af,er an evening passed in the full enjoyment of ma-
...laic and social intercourse, the Knights-Companions
pritt-d the hospitable castle, and re•embarked in order
or Penzance, deeply gratified and impressed with the
august ceremonies of the day. Their passage across the
.ay was marked by a display of btilliast fire-works horn
he castle.

The brethren are greatly indebted to companion R.
Pe,rce, of Penzance, one of the Heralds of the Order,
for the expellent arrangement of the day ; but owing to a
tornestic affliction, he was unable to join in its festivities.
We are disposed to regard this memorable convention

(me of the moat remarkable incidents in m idern ma-
ionry, and we have little doubt tI ut the .pirit evinced on
his occasion, will influence the breast of every Free—
iiiivon to a renewed and vigorous exertion in favour of th•
,t der.

CHEAP EDITION OF MISS AUSTEN'S
NOVELS.—The new volume of " The Standard Novels
Lod Rum .nees," to be published with the Magazines on
•he Ist of June, will comprise, c.wop'ete in one volume,
qiee 65., the whole of Miss AUSTIN'S Novels of " North.
anger Abbey" and " Persuasion." " Emma,"" Sense and
sensibility," and " Mans6el.l Park," by the same author,
.ranted and illustrated similarly to the Waverley Novels,
may also be had, etch complete in one volume, prier 6s.
" The Standard Novels" sow comprise the most est-etn,d
works of COOPER, GonwtN. the Misses PORTER, Mr..
BRUNTON, the Misses LEE, &c., at about one-fourth of
'heir original cost.

It may be useful for the economical hou„se-
%if, to know, that beef loses shout one pound in boiling,
btit in roasting loses in the proportion of one pound five
ounces, and in baking about two ounce+ le.s, or one pound
hree ounces. Mutton loses in boiling about fourteen
..unces in four pounds; in roasting, one pound six ounces.
—.New Book of Economy.

Since the days of Jumus, no publication
has excited such keen, and, in some instanc,s, painful
-uriosity, as the lately-pub:ished tale of " Godolphin."
The writer, let him take what me he may lor con-
..ealment, cannot fail to be soon d:si-overe,l. The whole
.ristocracy, male and female, are concerned in bringing to
light one who bait aimed at them so palptble • hit, which
hey feel in proportion to the manifest power of th? un-
known inflicter, and to the intimate koowledge he evi-
lently pussea.rs of their secret proceedings. It has, indeed,
,teen surmised that, severe as is his book on our living
astricians, the novelist is himself one of them! Though
the actual writer may flatter himself that his disguise will
he as impenetrable as that of the author of " Junius," he
will, th-re is reason to think, from the measures now
aken, be probably detected ere many weeks shall have
-lapsed.

THE CITY LAYSTALLS.—(From a Corres-
Jonilent.)—We are glad to find that the city authorities
owe ahead), turned their attention to the manner in whi..h
,hese receptacles of filth are managed. The City Lands
Committee have assembled to devise the best means of
,emedying the evil, the nature of which was thoiouehly
xplained by Aldermen VerrantEs and WILSON. It ap-
,.eared that not only the filth found in the city is brought
-o these places, but that the lessees collect horse dung, the
-lush from cow houses, &c., from other quarters, to mix
with the filth brought in by the city scavengers, and so to
form a richer and more saleable manure. The mixing and
process of fermentation go on in the heart of the metro..
;ohs, and at times the effluvium from the rotting masses
sickens the neighbours, and it must at all times conside
r4t.ly diminish the wholesomeness of the air. Mr. HAW-
CocL, one of the laystall lessees, attended the committee,
ind admitted the practice of accumulating and mixing the
lifierent sorts of filth, adding that he conceived he had
the power, under his construction of the lease, to make
rddelea4alli. worsenyega
vcr
e: t thahnatdhn
ehiemt
ci:tiuelord.r nlhoctatnahleht alter the
wasatch ee
disposed to make it. He had a lease, the term uf which
course of. his business without great pecuniary loss. There
vsh °e
some i andointfficeecxual difficulty great
afnot
were indicted as nuisance, the evil would continue through
the present summer and autumn till the cause came to trial.
The Commissioners of Sewers might, ind,-ed, grant ap-
.mintments to a number of persons to seize and remove
he filth as a ouis,nce, but the expense of so removing it,
and for lighters, &c., from day to day, would be very
perhaps as great as that of removing the dust and
isheii, for which the citizens now pay 4,000/• per annum,
while in former times they used to receive 3.0.001. There
is another course open,—to buy the lea,es.whieb haye been
4ranted, and then relet to any one who will remove .11
the
filth onee'a-day on the lowest tern*e. Tha evil might,
.oweeer, be ahatA by birirg a couple of barges to lie
constantly off some or,stf, and to reeetv-t only L. e sweep-
ings of the several makeup. as time exhalations from the
decaying vegetable matters are more pern'cious than those
emitted by any or all of the other Ingradients brought
together by the manure-makers.

I

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS,

In looking again at the list of persons who on
Monday attended the meeting of the West
India body at the City of London Tavern, or
who took part in the proceedings of the day, we
find the names of very few who either are not
generally stanch Tories, or who would not
resolutely oppose the existing Administration ve
any other given question as well as on that of
West India slavery. We may therefore conclude.
that in fact a political as much as a colonial
object brought them together, and determined
their united movements. In support of this
inference, need we mention the political bias of
the Noble Chairman, who is resolved never to
honour the House of Lords with his presence, be-
cause it submitted to the public dictation in pass-
ing the Reform Bill? Need we mention the parts
of Lord Comhermere, of Lord Selkirk, of Lord
Colville, of Lord Saltoun, of Admiral Sir B.
Martin, of Sir J. Reed, of Sir A. Grant, of
Sir R. Vyvyan, of Mr. Irving, or of various
other gentlemen whose names are inserted in the
different reports of the meeting ? From such a
classification of the assemblage we and only one
or two exceptions, such as Sir M. S. Stewart,
and these either supported their own colonial
interests, or represented constituents so deeply
involved in colonial property or prejudice, as
to detach them, on this occasion, from their
usual liberal principles of action. We men-
tion this fact without wishing to found upon
it any charge of faction or dishonesty against
those who are at once the holders of West
India slaves and the professors of Tory politics.
They have a right, if they think proper, to
make the one character subservient to the other
—to concentrate, on an attempt to preserve
their human chattels, all the virulence of their
party animosities,—and to advance at the head
of as large a body of mortgagees, commission
merchants, and shipowners interested in their
estates or connected with their trade, as they can
collect east of Temple-bar, to attack not only
the Colonial-office, but the Treasury. Their
evident rights and interests—whether well or ill
understood--form a perfect excuse for their re-
sistance to the Ministerial plan, if by opposing
it they can hope to obtain a favourable change
of terms or a promising change of Cabinet.
But the same apology cannot surely be pleaded
In favour of the volunteer orators of Monday,
who moved or seconded some of the resolutions,
while they declared that they had not a sugar-
rane or a negro slave in the whole range of our
West India plantations. What right, for instance,
had such disinterested gentlemen as Mr. Young,
or Mr. Horsley Palmer, the late Governor of the
Bank of England, to figure at a meeting where the
West Indians could so abundantly speak for them-
selves, and where any deficiency in their oratory,
had it occurred, could have so easily been sup-
plied by the official agents of the different islands
who were present on the occasion ? Mr. Palmer
has only lately escaped from the management of
an important trust,—solicited by himself, or
imposed by his moneyed constituents,—in which
he was obliged to be an adverse party to the
Government, acting conscientiously in the name
and for the interests of the nation, in regulating
or abolishing a great monopoly. He has like-
wise been called, or has volunteered, to give
evidence on questions affecting the renewal of
the East India charter. Surely the success of
his voice in the decision of two such mo-
mentous questions ought to have satisfied his
ambition, if he is guided by ambition,—or the
difficulties which he saw that Ministers had to
encounter in their settlement, might have dis-
armed his opposition, if hostility to the Govern-
ment be among the motives of his conduct.
At any rate, in going out of his way to join a
new host of the adversaries of power, we might
have expected that the ex-Governor of the Bank
would _try to maintain his former characteramong
his fellow-citizens, and to provide himself with
a better assortment of arguments and principles
than he produc- d at the West India meeting on
Monday. His wish, he declared, was to sup-
port " the credit" of the country, and we ear,
easily understand " credit" as applied to banking,
to be supported consistently with the sacrifice of
the rights of humanity and the degradation of
the noblest attributes of our nature ; hut " the
credit of the nation," as applied to our colonial
interests, is synonymous with national virtue or
honour, and implies the total abolition of colo-
nial slavery. To talk about " acting on prinri-
ple" for " the security and happiness of all," and
yet of maintaining 800,000 of our fellow sub
jects in degrading bondage, was worse than an
abuse of terms—it was a solemn mockery of
justice and common sense. But the ex-Go-
vernor of the Bank, it would appear, is never
theless a friend to emancipation, when it can he
carried into effect " with benefit to the popula-
tion of the West Indies, and a due regard tc
the rights of property." Now what popsda. ion,"
and what " property," can here be meant ? Why.
the great body of the population of the West
Indies are the negroes,—and these same negroes
are " the property" alluded to ; so that, if regard
is had to this right of property, it is impos-
sible that emancipation can ever take place, as
the two ideas are totally irreconcileable. But it
would appear that the measure of emancipation
is " totally uncalled for," though in this country
the universal voice demands it, and though in
the colonies the lives of the planters would be
rendered insecure if it were much longer with-
held. Passing by, however, these and other
absurdities of a similar kind, we shall only re-
mark, that the allusion made by the ex-Governor
to the panic of 1825, and his comparison of the
security of funded property to that of property in
our fellow man, would excite our horror, if it
did not provoke our ridicule. Because, forsooth,
the British Parliament is about to decree the
abolition of a great enormity,—because it steps
in to protect the rights of 800,000 persons
against the cruel oppression of less than a tenth
part of their number,—because it says that the
colour of the skin is no longer to debar the
great majority of our colonial fellow subjects
from the rights of citizens, and that their

masters are only to have their services without
the cart-whip, or compensation for the loss of a
part of their services by a loan of money on
advantageous terms ;—therefore, according to
this high city authority, it enacts a scheme of
plunder and confiscation which renders the te-
nure of all landed and funded property insecure I
Because a planter can no longer authorize his
driver to apply the cart-whip to the back of
his fellows, and treat a gang of slaves like a
team of horses—therefore he may tremble for hi,
dividend at the Bank ; and because freedom 4
hence-forward to be the birthright of black as
well as white children, therefore the English
landed proprietor may be stripped of the in-
heritance of his family, or deprived of the title,
to his estate ! It is in such perversions of fact
and reasoning, or in such stupid exaggerations as
these, which heat the minds or increase the

obstinacy of the interested parties at home,—
