• .
-;

THE COUNTRY.

Now that the bustle of Elections is nearly over,
we return to that department of our Paper in
which we proposed occasionally to snhmit to our
Readers the opinions and speculations of the Con-
ductors of the respective COUNTRY JOURNALS, and
we col confidently repeat,what we have before ob-
served, that the Conductors are, in many instances,
possessed of greater abilities, more political
knowledge, and higher moral qualities, than most
of the Editors of the London public prints. There
has, we find, lately been a change, not in the
Principles but as to the CONDUCTOR of The Royal
Cornwall Gazette, and it is with pleasure w•e see
:hat the same loyalty and spirit appear under the
new management. Indeed, as "new brooms sweep
clean," we might say, without meaning any dis-
paragement of the .former management, that there
seems to be araciness in the compositions of thenew
Conductor which promises more highly in favour
of the concern. When we consider the extent
and importance of such a County. as CORNWALL,
it must be deemed very necessary that a loyal J'our-
nal, circulated in that considerable part of the
Island, should receive a very warm support and
encouragement. If ave.are not misinformed, ,The
Royal Cornwall Gazette is now in time hands of
the late Editor of The New Monthly Magazine, and
as that work has, from its origin, been a distin-
guished repository of sonnd.politiCal principles, as
well as of scientific knowledge, and miscellaneous
entertainment, we may congratulate Cornwall on
the acquisition' of a literary Gentleman whose
talents, attainments, and character eminently
qualify him to contribute, in no slight degree, to
its amusement and instruction.----The following
Extract from the Paper in question, of the 10th
inst. affords a good specimen of the political rec-
titude, sagacity, and moral and religious principles
by Which'it is supported, and we doubt not that the
same commendable 'qualities will uniformly mark
its future career :

To whatever page in the annals of History we
refer, we shall scarcely tail to find it marked.with
the record of some deplorable aberration of the
human mind'. Every art and every science in their
turns have given birth to extravagant hypotheses
and absurd speculations; but nothing has fur-
nished so copious a source of both as religion and
politics; and no theory, however wild, no fal-
lacy, however palpable, ever sprung front the
morbid imagination or heated brain of fanatics in
either, but was hailed as oracular by minds of a
similar cast. To be convinced of the truth of
this poSition, we need not carry back our res
searches to any remote period. We have seen in
our own day the insane ravings of a Brotheys,
hailed as prophecies, and the self-delusidos of a •
Southcot, the offspring of moral
.and corporeal
disease, received as divine inspirations. lo our
own day too we have beheld in a neighbouring
country all the established institutions subverted,
at the instigation of men solicitous to. remove
those restraints without which human society
would resemble the beasts of the forest, where
the stronger anti more crafty make lawful prize
of their weaker and less subtle fellows. The
throne was overturned, and with it the honours
and distinctions of which it was the fountain. An
impracticable scheme of universal equality was
adopted in their place, and ultimately led to a
system of the most oppressive military despotism.
The altars were demolished and the ministers of
religion exiled and exterminated. On the ruins
of the temple of the Eternal God was raised a
fabric consecrated to the Goddess of Reason, and
in the person of an abandoned strumpet, her
adorers selected a more appropriate representative
of ibis new divinity than they were probably
aware of. Alas ! poor human Reason ! to what
execrable purposes east thou too often been pro-
stituted ! All civil and religions duties being
abolished, the moral, which in truth are but a
compound of the other two, fell to the ground of
course : and hence the country to which we al-
lude, presented for years a scene of horrors and
atrocities to which it would be difficult to find a
parallel. This absence of all moral and religious
principle, this absorption of every other.feeling•
in that of self, not only extended their baneful
influence throtOi all the relations of social life,
but also disposed the nation to become the will-
ing tool of the most sanguinary ambition and the
most insatiable rapacity, till it at leitgth armed all
Europe in revenge of multiplied injuries, anti
drew down upon itself a signal humiliation,
though infinitely less severe than it hail deserved.
'"The principles of the French Revolution were
industriously diffused through other States, and
paved the way to their successive conversion into
provinces or dependencies of France. The spe-
cious form and language which this monster, like
the Serpent whO beguiled the mother of mankind,
at fitst .assumed, won many ititaries. latire even
among the well-meaning. The love of innova-
tion and the hope of gain incited many -more,
, who had nothing to lose, to espouse its cause ;
and, but for the profound moral and religious
teeling of our venerable Monarch, and the wis-
d6m, energy, and vigilance of that Statesman who
his been emphatically styled the pilot who

[PRICE SEVENPENCE.

weathered the store►'--the_ bark of the Bri►ish
Constitution might I:erhap's ha.e been carried in-
to an enemy's port, Or have foundered through I he
ulkskilf,tilness of the hands that aspired to the di-
rection of her helm.

The taint of Jaeobinism, propagated in the
early period of the: RevoltitiOn*,. has since lurked
among us, ready to ,lisplay itself on any favour-
able occasion. hence hate sprung our Speoceans,
who, after the example of tiieir itrototypes in
France, preach up the right of the Boor to seize
the possessions of the rich ; hence those incessant
appeals to the passions of the mob, and those in-
ei!ements to seditinn, which have operated but too
successfully, and to the system of liberty and
equality we also trace the present clamour for
Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments. For-
tunately, the advoca;es of these noti:ins appear,
to be far from numerons-; to judge front' the little
encouragement received by such of the 'r profes-
-Sors as have insulted their fellow-countrymen try
aspiring to the chatacter of their Representatives.
So math,,howevfq-, is evident, that there exists a
desperate faction, whom no fear of consequences,
except in regard to their own persons, would
deter from the attempt to realize their frantic
schemes. This disposition has indeed been pub-
licly avowed by the satellite of Hunt, tyre same
Gale Jones who upwards of twenty-five years
since distinguished himself as the itinerant apostle
of revolutionary sentiments, and whose subse-
quent adherence to them at least-claims for him
a merit not possessed by some of their modern
votaries—the merit of consistency. This man,
in addressing the ragamuffin attendants of his
master, on one of the last days of the Westmin-
ster Election, is represented to have used the fol-
lowing expressions :
" Gentlemen (pointing to the flag and cap of liberty) it
is no use to be squeamish about the colour under winch we
assemble. If measures are to go on as they appear to do be-
tween the three factions, a retolution is preferable to slavery.
It we are to be deprived of our share of liberty, let blond re-
cover back that blessing we are daily losing-, which our an-
cestors purchased by blood, and who .looks at that period
without pleasorelpf a !evolution is necessary to renovate
our rights, the sooner the better: rather than millions should
be enslaved. I would walk over the dead bodies of my coun-
trymen, or they should trample over my mangled bunts,
rather than live to see the expiration our liberties.'
" It would be as useless to resort to aq.,,ument
with such a into as with a maniac, otherwise we
might ask, of what portion of our liberties have
we been deprived ?-7-or rather, is not rhiS very
speech the strongest evidence that can be adduced
of the extensive liberty we possess ? Who that
has contemplated the picture of the calamities-of
every kind tvhich have overflowed France, front
her having listened to declaimers Of this stamp.
and considers the baneful consequences WhiCh.
must equally result trout their efforts here,•unless
timely checked—who that has the least solicitude
for the welfare of his country, or can appreciate
the high privileges enjoyed under its present con-
stitution, but most thrill with ineffable horror at
such exhortations, and feel it to be an imperative
duty to unite his exettiouS with those of every
genuine patriot,'to neutralize their malignity and
Co circumscribe their influence." . .

CATIIOLIC QUESTION.
