live in the days of Leeds, of Bradford, of Halifax, anti of
fluildersfield—we live in the days when men are induatri.
OM, anti deserve to be free ; and not when they are lazy
nil Indolent, ana deserve to he trampled upon and domi
neered over; therefore you are bound to have your rights
and to choose your representative, and I greatly rejoice
to perceive that our excellent friends of the landed inte-
lest have come forward at the late meeting at York, and
have shown a disposition which does them credit,
though very possibly you could as well do without
it, a disposition to join you, and to support those
who ani the objects of your free choice.--(Hear).—Long
may thin union continue between the two classes.—
their rights when rightly understood are not different,
much less connicting—they are harmonious--they are one
and the same—they can no more do without you than you
can do without them. I am morally certain it is better
not to argue upon the points, fora greater curse can not
happen to either class than the disunion of the two. Now
thee let us have no more monopolies, either of the East.
India Company, or the landed interest—whether the Corn
Laws da as much good to them as they do harm to us is a
question which I will not stop Millie:max, I know they do
harm to us, and I firmly believe they do not enrich the
farmer—my firm opinion is, and I have well and long
considered the subject, that the people lose and that the
landlords don't get by it—anal I know some of the wiliest
and best landed proprietors in England, among whom is
Mr. Coke, of Narfolk, than whom there is not a greater,
arid who is now the oldest and best farmer in this country,
and he is decidedly of opinion, that the landholder gains
nothing by that which starves the people of England...—
(lYear, hear, hear. )—Now then upon the subject of Par-
liamentary reform, one word. I have uniformly supported it
vatted for it, spoken for it, and I am now asked whether I
al i 4 vote against Mr. O'Connell's motion, and I say, in answer
to that question Ne ! ! I did not oppose Mr. O'Counell's um •
tion as opposing Parliamentary Reform ; but there
was one part of that motion that I could wit agree
with, I differ with him on the subject of ballot. I
desire to see my fellow-eitizene come forward like
men and avow who they vote for, that is my opinion,—
( Cheers).--and toy opinion is, and I then argued that (Ti-
nier', that ballot is no Reform, but I voted for Parliumen-
'ivy Reform in every other particular._(Cheere.)_l am
for extending the rights of voting to the great towns of
England. Igo a great deal further, I am for extending
the right of voting to th it class of the people who have nu
right now in any town in England—inhabitant householders,
and Ism against freemen voting, which I think is the worst
close, anal I am for shortening the duration of Parliaments.
(Hear.)--I am rejoiced to think I have lived to see those
principles in the Commons Hoieteof Parliament supported
I do net say lay hundreds where they were supported lay ten,
hut by at least two to one compared with twenty years ago.
Gentlemen, I have no manner of doubt that this election
will do much towards Parliamentary Reform. I believe
there are three questions which your example and your
exertions on this great occasion will carry in England as
effectually, it may not be as speedily, but I hope and trust
as assuredly, as the election in the county of Clare carried
the Catholic Question .(Cheers.).—Parliamentary Re-
lam, a Revision of the Corn Lime, and the extinction of
Colonial Slavery,—all those great causes I look to as being
established this day, and I have no manner of donbt the
event of this election will decide every one of these gum.
tiorie,—(Cheers )—Gentlemen, before. concluding these
observations, permit me to add one word with respect to
the present state of parties in the Commons House of Par.,
liament. I feel great gratitude to some members of the pre-
sent Government for some measures which they havecarried
Five or six, years ago, I twice brought a Beer Bill into the
House of Gammons, anal was combated by the opposition of
the then ministry, Castlereagh anal a few others, in the first
year, and by saute of his successors in 1823, anal I was de-
limit(' by great majorities. The present government have now
taken it up anal have made the sale of beer as free as the sale of
bread, and taken away front the justices that power which
is liable to be abused in crushing an obnoxious
who might choose to have his own opinion upon matters
of state policy by taking from him his license,.-.-.(Hear,
hear.)--I look upon this as a great 'immure of practical
reform, for which I heartily thank the present Govern-
ment, I thank them for carrying though the Catholic
question, and for the manner in which they yielded to
the pressure of a parliamentary vote, natal allowed us to
carry the repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts, by
which Disientets obtained their liberty. We bad a Navel.
struggle. My Lord John Russell and myself fought every
inch of the ground—incli by inch—and the last time I
chased the debate we best them by forty, and then they
allowed us to carry the Bill, when we hal carried it in
spite of their teeth,—(Laughter.)—Now, Gentlemen, will
you allow me to say, I refer to this not in order tat throw
out arty imputation against the Government, but I refer
to it for a prZilltied 'purpobe. uoi imitle by the Test
Act—go on upon Ihform—upon the Emit India Corn.
pony's that Corn Laays, and upon Wog
India Slavery, anal then you will find that the Govern-
ment, though they may dispute every inch of ground
to a certain point when they see you determined and
powerful, they will yield upon Ouse questions, as they
did upon that, anal you will have your fnearriglitite—your
trade upon a sound footing; and slavery will's:wet° exist.
(Cheers.)—ln other respects. nay opinion is mot decidedly
that the present Government is far too weak to carry on
the business of the country.. Go wherever you will, take
the example of this great county of
.York, which is a fair
representative both as to the landed interest, the mercan-
tile interest, the wealth, and population, and of all sects
and partial in religion and panties of the people of England.
My Hon, Friend Mr. Donconaho differs with me on some
points; but lam willing and even am ready to do justice
to his integrity, and to his consistency, for he opposes the
Government because he thinks thu Government wrong.
You may bear in one quarter Alr. Duncombe proposed,
you may hear in another quarter another worthy man
proposed, and in another ol my Noble Friend (Lord Mor-
Ppeth), who has so distinguished himself to-day and in
Parliament, and you hear in Another part that I Am named
Among them ; but there is one party I never hear men.
tiened—the Ministry ; although they are the King's Mini-
sters, and have the giving away of places,—they sec:n by
common consent to be forgotten, as if they had no natural
exiatence. I can only account for it by saying that they
are not so importeut au they ought to be; from which I
draw two conclusions, one for their own consideration,
and one for yours. The first conclusion is tins, that such
a Government as the present, when pressed by the union
of parties, is iso entirely weak arid inefficient in itself that

it cannot continue in its present state to exist much
longer—and every person seems convinced of that except
themselves. The other obiervation is more of s prac.
tical nature. A weak Government is the harvest to the
labourer of the people---press upon the weak Govern-
ment, send men to Parliament who will compel that
weak Government to do justice—their weakness is
your strength—their division should ensure your union—
strengthen the hands of your represetitatives by your cor-
dial and united stipport, and the Government which could
not resist the. Cailtelics of Ireland and the Dissenters of
England, will hot resist the cry of the people of Yorkahire
for a revision of the' corn laws, fora free trade to India, fur
a reform in the Commons Heine of Parliament, and for
a speedy extinction of colonial slavery. Gentlemen, ow
word more I said I should add (and it shall be a short tme)
with respect to myself. Have I any personal interest in
exchanging the position in which I now eland in Parlia-
ment, representing a place, which cannot by possibility
give ma the'least trouble from the lit of Jannary to' the
that of December, and have nut seen a constituent to
speak upon a single article of business?---have any thing
of personal interest in exchanging that mittiatiOn for the
most laborious which a parliamentary or piolisisienal men
can by possibility be placed—the representation of York-
shire I That might be the case with one who has yet, to
make his way in the'Cozmnons House of Parliament, but
I *hall not have to say in Ole House of Commons that I
am there unknown; I feel that there I have a place, a
name, and personal weight. Why, then, do I court the
honour which yeti have called upon me to accept at your
hands ? Not for the sake of what is glowingly termed
gratifying ambition, bat I will fairly tell you, as you have
called upon me, I will support you tothe unnott in trying
for it, and will not be diverted front my purpose, because
it will arm me with an extraordinary. and a vast important
secession of power to Serve the people of England, —( chem.)
Mr. FOiTait wished to ask Mr. Brougham a question,
and after a considerable difficulty, occasioned by the im-
mense cheering which followed the able and lucid
tipteeit
of the learned speaker, inquired whether he voted for Mr.
O'Connell's motion for Parliamentary Reform? Air. F.
went into the subject at eonsidereble length, in the course
of which be expressed his decided admiration of Mr.
Brougham's piaster mind, mid stated that he had sup-
ported him for twenty years, and would support him for
forty year; longer were be to live. that time. He also
states), that a penman of the manic of Orran was dismissed
*tom a confidential situetion by Piro Nevine, Bea., for
simply advocating the principal of vote by ballet at a late
meeting held in this yard.*
Mr. Bkollnliabi, in reply to Mr. Porter, said, I hope
• It turns out, as we suspected, that the story about air, pint Nevins' dismissing Ortell On account of his political principles,
is an entire fabrication, and we have the authority of the house
of which that gentleman is the highly respectable tout venerable
hem!, tar saying that he was dismissed flout their Service, as he
inu been from other services 'loco, for Cause, wholly uncon-
nected wit,tatriities. But if what Mr. Fottor as.ortad had been
true inset. of being false, what could the cendnet of Messrs,
Nevins towards their workmen have to do with Mr, Brougham%
election.
