[New Times.)

Letters from d►►ted the I.lth November,
announce, that the pacific syst.ett► adopted by that
Regency is producing the happiest effects. Its
cominetce and navigation are flourishing. No
Corsair hag issued frorn the parts of Tripoli since
the Ist of July, 1818; aud the fley has solicited
the mediation of Englund, _to make his peice rvifh
all the Christian Putv .He
.offers. to etlis74e
nevi Inure to nielcA er►v' torn flag. •

RIGHTS AND 1111VILEGES.

7'o ESQ.

LETVER M.

HONEST JOHN-44 some of your family have
lateiy t diked loudly of their natural rights, amongst
which they have put forward a claim to equal dis-
tribution of the Land, it may be as well to enquire
a little into the state of Soci©l Polity amongst the
ancient Britons previous to the Roman Conquest;
because we are well assnrcd, that since that pe-
riot! •no such principle was ever aced upon, nor
even claimed, except in the days of JACK STRAW
and WAT TYLER, two RadiedS whom') SHAK
src ARV., with a due reg4rd to historical truth, has
painted in the most correct style of Smithfield
end Spafield patriotism. If then there ever was
an A.,!rarian Lame nr custom in England, that must
have been the time.

Now, there is no account of BRITAIN ol4vr in
tli,rory ihnntvhat CA=ntt tells us in his Con►-

tne ,tarie‘, iI ) the exception of a slight previous
notice by Dionottus SICV LOS and the tact is
CleAr, that neither of those writers afford the
slichtest reason to suppose that any thing like an
erptal diviviou of land either was or b:tol been in
vottence at any peri..d v,ltatevtr. Sonic ut our
modem politicians *nay indeed assert, th,,t such

rit;lirs did once exist ; httt where is 11,e proof ?
They may a66r.rt that it is one of the tights of
intoure which man may always claim ; but can
they bring,atly proof from sacred or profane His-
toil, or can they shew at the present day, any
nation or people amongst whom such a state of
pioi,erty preval. ? Auiongst the Chaldean',
Egyptians, or .I!y•ss, there is no trace whatever.
111 Greece, nothing like it is to he found, with
the exciTtion of the Spar ans ; but the tact is,
that they had no_rieate property at all, for the
U ole was literally the Common
wealth of the Community; and the Spartans walked
about like " ‘:Teitutren," taking their share of
black broth when it was ready at the public soup
;hops. No dooht many of our Reformers would
be content with this mode of life ; but then who
is to till the ground ? The Spartans got over that
diiieulty in a very short way ; for, like our mo-
dern declaimets about liberty, they were patriots
abroad, but tyraitts at iiame! They had, JOHNNY,
set of people whom they called tido/es, a set of
slaves, itt fact, ten times worse off than the Ne-
groes in omit West Indian lalatOs : tor, as the

Spartans bore some resrmb!ance to nor modern
itvlical+ in abstinence frtim wine and ►.pmts, not
indeed bec'a►rse they were exciseable, but because
the I.lwe forbade luxury. so in addition to their
usw.l takk work, they forced their miserable slaves
to get drut,k and make heists of themselves when•
ever they wished to shew to the young Spartan
Dint:ies, a genuine picture of the miaeries of the
Sot ! But we must not tell this story JoHNNY to
all your family : for I am afraid, that on such
conditions many of our virtuous Radicals would
prefer the wine lees of drunken slavery to the
Black brash of independent temperance.

If then, leaving GREECE, we seek fur equality
of hinged property amongst the ROMANS in Italy,
We shall not tind any thing like it, except a pro-
posal once made to the Senate for an Agrarian
Law—a measure, however, which was very wisely
over-ruled. Ili the search through all the other
nations of antiquity, our labour will be equally
fruitless. But, as at the present day, mankind
may be traced from the wildest state of Nature,
it may he urged, that if a nation can now he
found exercising this " Right of Nature," then,
by analogy, the People of England, or rather a
few of the People of England (for to the great mass
the system would be one of deterioration) have
a right to assume, that such were the tights of
their progenitors. Be it so—then look at New
Z,ialand, where man is in his wildest state; free
from all plejudires, no Sunday Schools, no Black
axarfs, except his own little ones, and a tract of
Connt, y, equal to Great Britain in size, inhabited
by a few separate families, who think so little
about the land that they have never yet thoqght
of cul,ieating it. Of agricultural instruments they
have none ; bat they have warlike ones : and
with these they way•lay, and kill each other with
as Mich bon gout, as ever NAPCLEON rode over
field of battle

lu the northern island of New Zealand, indeed,
they st em to have taken a hint from some antipo-
dean Owes ; for they congregate in societies of
p inpet ism, establishing themselves in IJippahs,
which ar:• actually in the most approved form of
paiallelograms. hot I question, whether any of
our Radicals would like to live a month amongst

theni, for 'bey have no Prince to insult, nor
House of Peers to rob, nor House of Commons to
Reform !
In every other country we know, Society
ii
graduilly ; but division of the soil is
nothooght of as a mitural right. I shall then, lot
the present, bid it and you adieu!

IGNOT CS.
