TVI 141 SUN, LONDON. FWIDAV. SEM-M-13PR 13. 1539.

their relations vnd fr,ends ; th,y silaii ut
up in their cells at eight in the suonner and four in
the winter ; that their food shall be bread, skilly,
and potatoes." Your Lordship is asked to remove
these regulations, and to substitute better. Pro-
hably your Lordship or Mr. Fox Maule will be
gOod enough to explain what indulgence can be
allowed consistently with the observance of these
regulations ?

I was directed by one of the largest meetings
ever held in Wales, to lay before the Secretary of
State the resolution passed at that meeting, and I
,as directed to transmit the answer to the different
associations in the counties of Glamorgan, Mon-
mouth, and Brecon. Will your Lordship he
pleased to give me an explicit answer whether your
Lordship will solicit her Majesty to discharge
Messrs. Vincent, &c., fro:n Monmouth -Jail, or,
in the event of their tieing retained in prison,
whether they are to kept on jail alloowance.
I remain, Sir, your Lordship's obedient servant,
JOHN FROST.
To the Marquis of Nortbanby.

THE FAMIN LAWS.

(From theShetfidd Iris.)

Our working classes have now learned, by dear-
°ought experience, the imposition practised on them by
the landlords, in tnaking them bdieve that wages de-
pend upon tha price of grain. The delusion has been
expoed, and its originators have in vain puzzled their
ingenuity to discovers substitute or succt ssor to it.
The statistical list of the ratio between the remunera-

ion of the labunrcrand the fluctuating price of grain

to which we have referred petty fully in formk.r num-
bers, aud the copious extracti vie gave last week from
Sphon's Arts and Artiz,u,s at Home and Abroad,'
are the bust proofs vibieh can be offered thit the rate
of w6gos must tly.nd upon the demand for labour, and
that the pi ice of corn does not regulate it in the smallest
degree. pre,ent the piice of corn is high, while the

wages of the great miss of our manuketuringpopnlatioil
are ve 'y low—la sonic distics the nods betas only ern-
ployed three days out of sox, and in other-, although they
are working full time, the proceeds of their 1 to,
d tys is scarcely t•qoal to what they ree,ived a fee
years ago for three. in Sh-ffield this depression has no
been telt to such an extent as in some districts in
Lancashire ; but the evil dAy crawls on apace, and our
workmen are oblied to submit to a gradual reduc-
tion of wages. The manufacturers' list of prices for

their goods remains nearly the same as it was ti n
years ago, and the competition takes place among them
in the per tentage allowed to the purchasers. While
the conlinal pace has remained nearly steady, this de-
duction front their profits has gone on increasing. In
some trades it has progressed from 15 to 25, and even
as high as 75 per cent. Of course this has not come
wholly off the profits of the manufacturer. Either the
profits of the trade must have been enormous when the
deduction was 15 per cent., or the manufacturer must
be making a dead sacrifice now when it is 75 per cent.
Such a state of things could not cohtinue I ng. No
man would persevere in risking his capital. unless he
was either obtaining or had a certain prospect of reap-
tog some return kr its employment. The difference
and the loss, then, may be partly experienced by the
manufacturer, but the workmen are the greatest suf-
ferers. Their wages have been gradually reduced,
while the deduction for per tentage has increased, and
many of our most ingenious mechanics are now only
getting Is. Bd. for the same article they could formerly
dispose of for 3s. 6d. while their time, at this reduced
rate, is not nearly fully employed, and the price of
corn arid all other provisions continues as high as during
the time of good wages, and the amount and pressure of
their taxation ha, gone on increasing. This steady di-
minution of the rate of wages proves that bad trade has
not been the result of a mere casual circumstance, such
as the failure of the cotton crop in America, or the un-
fixed state of Our monetary affairs, but that it has had
its origin in some deeper-seated and more widely-extend-
ing cause. It is not SO mueh bad trade as a falling off
of trade that ought to alarm us. New markets are con-
stantly opening up in every quarter of the globe, our old
customers have not received a repletion of our manufae-
tureso et we do not find the demand for our goods in-
crease. Our workmen are as badly off as they can be,
in the midst of three fresh currents into which they have
been taught to believe that their ingenuity would be
turned, and the prospects continue as dark and lowering
as ever.

All the sophistry of the landlords and their hireling
press cannot get rid of these melancholy facts, and no
one who examines the subject for himself can long be in
doubt as to their cause. They are all traceable in a
direct, unswerving line to the influence of the Corn-
laws, and the only remedy for them is to be found in
their speedy and total repeal. Were it not that we
were well aware that prejudice, w here interest is con-
cerned, so hoodwinks its victims, we might well wonder
that all nian who has the prosperity and success of his
country at heart should fOr a scotch: moment stand in
waj or a repeal of the Carn-lovs, seeing that they
only sli4htly benefit one small class, while they are the
cause of the utmost niis,Ty and destitution to all others ;
that under their influence our trade and commerce arc
fulhug off in every quarter of the globe ; that to eigncrs
are solo to purchase our raw mat,rial, manufacture it,
compete with and undersell us, in every market ; and
that the real source of England's wealth, her manufac-
turers and artisans, are in a state of gradual and steady
decay.
We are glad to see that the efforts of the abolitionists
still continue undiminished, and that success attends
them in their holy work. The Anti-Corn-taw CbTztlar
increases in interest and circulation, and advocates its
cause with much earnestness and talent. The following
extract, although it does not follow in the satne field as
the preceding remarks, is corroborative of our views,
and is an evidence of the wide extent of evil the Corn-
law produces :
" See that beautiful young Duchess, so encompassed
with the odour of refined aris.ocracy, that as she passes
us like the flitting of a cloud, the very sense aches at
her ; she seems to disdain the very ground she walks
upon, and, like the sensitive plant, to shudder ant con-
tract into herself at the very contiguity of the poor; al-
though, may hap, she has sometimes heard, in her crimson
velvet pew, that eighteen hundred years ago some one de-
clared them to be her brethren and sisters. She will fly
the very sight of these horrid wretches, and swear a
pretty oath by yea and nay,' because her coachman did
not drive the other way, that her eyes might not be of-
fended by the very look of these terrible creatures. A
word ill your ear, Madam ; aye, in your ivory-turned
car, where hang those diamond drops. Why, those
sparkling pendants were bought with money robbed
from those very same beggais. That glittering neck-
lace, which Jews might kiss and infidels adore,' believe
or not, is wrung from the hard hands of starving peasants,
and every ring on those taper fingers has famished a
family of your felloee -creatures. Woman! bright and
beautiful, and gentle! in alt whose steps is gra^e, and in
every gesture dignity and love! Woman ! pure as
beautiful ; kind as dignified ; virtuous and n,ble, with
fair religion' emparadised in form of that sweet flesh ;'
is it possible you do not know, and yet we arc sure you
do Lot, that every birth-day dress has driven a sister
to the streets, and that there is not a ball at
Almack's which is given at a less cost than the
famishing wretchedness which alone fills the bro-
thel List, ye landsmen all to me.' There are
three halt-naked urchins thrust out of their mother's
house to steal for bread ; that is your doing. There
are ten thousand patients in the metropolis perishing of
typhus actually more fatal than the plague ; every hos-
pital is full, and private houses are turned into fever-
wards to meet the exigencies of the case. •The fever
is the fruit of famine, and that famine is your doing.
There i 4 an infant in a sweet sleep, lying in a basket
at the workhouse door ; the night is cold, and it bath
sucked at its kind mother's breast until the want of
food for two days bath brought her milk to its last
thin drop. Merciful God ! that hash taught us to ad-
dress thee as our kind pat-kilt, and is it indeed possible
that the y• atnints of a mother's heart can be stifled,
and that she could no longer
Know what 'us to love the babe that miles her?'
Yet them is 4o other way, for bread is high, anti wages
thereby small, rend a fairly of dear little ones that should
he a blessiog, if ever a blessing Were, is a curse, for they
months, and the mouths are only flied with sad
cries, because they cannot be filled with food. Will
the iatici,owriers not` mark, learn, and inwardly digest

A SsA M TEA.--In December, 1834, botanists
were scio final Calcutta to examine Assam, where natural
plantations of the tea tree were discoverrd at various points
ou the low grounds which skirt the Bramaooutra, from
longitude 94 dig. to 96 deg. a space of 100 miles, and
there can be no doubt that it may be. cultivated here arti-
ficially to any extent. The district, which is about 500
miles noith-east of Calcutta, will have an easy communi-
cation with tne sea by the Bramapootra, and to add to its
physical rind economical cdvantages, it contains coal in
situations where it can be easily worked. Upper Ass,m is
not subject to the Company, but it is under their influence ;
and it apppears that the occupation or cession of the tea
districts may be obtained without difficulty. Five native
Chinamen were brought from Canton in 1837, and
sent to Sudea, in Assam, where two tea nurseries
have been established. The tea sent to England is of
their manufacture. The tea plants in Assam, accord-
ing to Mr. 'Bruce's report, generally grow and thrive
best near small rivers and pools of water ; and in a place
where, after heavy falls of rain, large quantities of water
a
It'isa plateau of level laud, intersected by
water surface of the plateau is covered with
4tel
rm s. The
tgl) trees, among which the tea tree struggles for ex-
have never met," he says,
istence. " with the tea
plant growing in the sup, but invariably under shade, in
whatever, It
trees, that it bcoomes tall
thick woods, or what we call tree jungle, and
only there,
a
It Atrvgles for ex-
tit
and tde4"ler7jth mootmootpf its branches high U. The largest
tree I have 13?e0 INP Pucubitsbight 9.nd 4 spans round ;
very fe,.v attain that OM 4e mentions that: Le had
d e r e
a t 1:ti;op otherast
so jungle
many
taken a number of specimens from tin, q?ade in the'Vvends,
a
planted them near his house in the aim, bat they ge-
nera
lly
died. The establishment is yet in its infaiibf.—
„56::,,nan.

E Al4-eIIAY.

THE REV. E. S. THLILLOW, TIIE GREAT PLURAL
IST RECTOR OE HOUGHTON-LE-SPRING, HI
PARISHIONERS.

Oh ! for a fifty Parson power
To ehaunt thy praise, Hypocrisy !
This very hard-worked and laborious dignitary o
the Church—if we niay jedge him according to the
number of benefices imposed upon him—generally
contrives to spend a few of the summer months at the
richly-endowed Rectory of Houghton, discharging the
spiritual duties of the Cure in the manner that well-
paid Rectors generally do—namely, by Deputy,
through the medium of ill-paid Curates—receiving
from tithes, glebe lands, &c., 2,5531.. and paying his
four clerical journeymen 4001. out of it. The balance
—being what is termed in mercantile language the
profit- of the transaction—though a large one, is
perhaps not more than adequate to cover the great
risk taken upon himself by relieving his Subs from
all hazard of committing that unapostolic sin the
amassing of wealth, and fearlessly and most disin-
terestedly exposing himself instead to the awful de-
nueci.ition contained in the Holy Scriptures—" that
it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a
needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of
Heaven." His Reverence has always been a strenu-
ous advocate for levying large sunis upon his flock in
the shape of Church-rates—from which glebes and
tithes are exempt—and violently opposed to rates
being imposed upon his " tenths" for the support of
;he poor, &e., as the proceedings at the Petty Sessions
and tne annals of the parish will testify. Ostensibly
to support and adorn the holy fabric at Houghton, for
some years about 6001. per annum was collected ; not-
aansianning Dissenting Chapels were springing up
on all sides of the ancient Rectory, which seemed
Ike " a dying scorpion girt by fire." Such swinging
.evies created much discontent throughout the parish,
ind a searching reckoning into the expenditure was
demanded. The accounts produced showed a most
profuse expenditure and gross jobbing. There was
one item of 400/. applied to the building of a bridge!
which was a great hobby of the Rector's—from its
.tbjoining his glebe we suppose. This naturals.' ex
•ited great dissatisfaction amongst the rate-payers .who
en the next occasion limited the rate to about 501. ; and
at Easter last—when the Rector is always absent of
eourse—they toted a sum of 1001 (a part of the former
ate not having been collected) for the repairs of the
Church during the present year. His Reverence being
.about to tak his annual flight to the south for the
ensuing winter and spring (in which he regularly follows
rile swallows), and as he could not afford to give his
flock the benefit of his personal services, in administer-
ing the consolations of religion during the wiriter, he
opined that the next best favour he could confer upon
them was to saddle them with large Church•rate
previous to his departure. The notion conceived, he
promptly caused a Vestry-meeting to be summoned,
which took place. on Thursday se'nnight, when he
proposed that another rate for 240/. should be le-
vied, professedly for the repairs of the roof of the
Church. This was strongly opposed, on the ground
that no part of the rate made at Easter had been
collected, while a part of the former one was still in
arrear ; and that until both of these should be received,
and en estimate made of the repairs alleged to be requi-
site, it was inexpedient to make another rate. A motion
for an adjournment until these objects were effected was
made ; but though the Reverend Chairman was repeat-
edly urged to put it to the meeting he doggedly reftised.
After a lengthened sitting of three hours' duration,
however, he put his own proposition for levying a rate
of upwards of 2001, This was negatived by a majority
of two to one, nearly three hundred people being pre-
sent. A poll was thereupon demanded by the mince-
rity, which his Reverence appointed to be taken on
Monday last., at nine o'clock its the morning. During
the interval reports had been industriousle circu-
lated by certain emissaries of the Churchseate clique,
that there would not be a poll. The majority, how-
ever, were determined out to be taken by surprise,
especially as a gentleman in Newbottle had been
canvassed on Sunday evening, at the request of
the Rector's Tithe-proctor, to support the rate. Ac-
cordingly they mustered in great force on Monday
morning ; and alter waiting a considerable time be-
yond the hour fixed by the Rector for the po 1, a com-
munication was sent to Urn for the purpose of inquiring
when it was to commence. He replied that it was the
business of the Churchwardens to fix the time of poling
and not his ! An application was immediately made to
the Churchwardens, who had called the meeting, and
who are resident in Houghton ; but they had disap-
peared, and were returned non est inventus. The
number of Rate-payers assembled was about three
hundred, who gave vent to strong feelings of indigna-
tion at being exposed to so much unnecessary trouble
by their Pastor,, who, having fixed the time for the
commencement of the poll at the meeting, ought, iu
common decency, to say nothing of courtesy, to have
given public notice that it. would not take place, when
he discovered that he could not screw his coursge up to
the pitcb to venture on such a proceeding ; for we can-
not allow ourselves to suppose what has been publicly
alleged—namely that .he wa lying in wait to carry the
rate by a ruse, had not his opponents appeared, by
whipping in his little clique to the poll. It was unani-
mously resolved by the assemblage to permit no more
bridges to be built out of the Church-rates, either to
promote the private convenience, or to gratify the
pride of any parish despot ; after which they separeted,
giving three hearty cheers for their successful resistatice
to toe gross attempt at oppression, the circumstances
and miscarriage of which we hate described.
We perceive by the report of the Csminssioners for
inquiring into tke Ecclesiastical .tt,venues of England
and Miles that the Rev. Gentleman is most abundantiy
provided for ; .having possessed the fat Rectory of
Houghton-le-Spring exactly fifty years, with a saris ty
of other Rectories, Vicarages, and Prebendal Stalls,
for nearly the same period as stated below :

cil 0. •
C 1) y., •-• tr? 2);
0
?LACES.
W -4 4 >i c. 4 4:,
Houghton-le-Spring, a
-•-k-717 —27 —Z.--
Rectory ..
Easton, alias Queen-1
hope, a sinecure RecH
tory in Wales
Llandrillo, a sinecure'
Rectory in Wales 1789 215 18 Nil. 197
Stamfordham, Vicarage
in Northumberland ' 1792 626 52 100 474

A Prebendal Stall at Noi
per annum of
Clear Net Profit, after
transaction

I 4,555
•wich, supposed

dedticti'

ing Ex.

1 497
to be u]

roses, ui

500
,wards,

on the

CHURCH-RATES IN SUSSEX.

3,549

The Church party have experienced another most
signal defeat on the subject of Church-rates, in the
populous parish of Linfield, in Sussex. At a vestry
held during the course of last week it was intend d by
the Churchwarden, Mr. Baber, to have a shilling rate
imposed on the parish, if possible, but the friends of
the voluntary principle having mustered in considerable
numbers, it was deemed more advisable to reduce the
amount. The vestry-room being found inadequate'to
the accomodation of all those who attended, the meet
.- -
in adjourned to the Tiger Inn, where
'Mr. WILLIAMS proposed that a fourpenny rate
should be granted, which motion was seconded by Mr.
Compton.
W. ALLEN, Esq., proposed an amendment to the
motion. In taking such a course he was actuated only
by the most conscientious feelings. Religion was a
matter between man and his Maker alone, and therefore
113 State could, and no State ought, to take cognizance
of such a matte...—(`3heers.) As compulsion to sup-
port a Church by a Church-we was a violation of the
rights of conscience, he should move as an amendment,
" That the further consideration of the question be
adjourned to this day twelvemonths."
The Rev. J. CARTER, minister of an Independent
congregation, seconded the aineudinele. He said
his friend, Mr. Allen, had told them that he ohjvcted
to the Church-rate upon principle, and he could, there•
fore, say that, between that geltlemAn and himself there
existed the most perfect cominuinty of sentiment. As
a Prote,tant Dis,enter, he would not be compelled to
support a system which was unscriptural, and which
some of the clergymen who ministered to the alter of the
English Church had said " destroyed more souls than
it saved." He thought it a manifest injustice that he
should be plundered of his goods for the professed pur-
pose of carrying on the wor,bip of God. Would God
accept robbery as a burnt offering?—(Cries of" Order,'!
and great clamour amongst the Church party.)
He was perfectly in order, and he would not be
deterred from stating his objections to the unjust
impost in the most forcible and indignant manner.
Could they wonder at the existence and increase
of infidelity, when it was a known fact that
dis-
senters from the Church were despoiled of their pro-
perty to wash the clergyman's surplice, and to supply
wine for the sacraments, which were to commemorate
the love of him who said, Whatsoever ye would that
others should do unto you, do ye also unto them."
meeting,ee t hat
hwe
h a te
would
ver might be
theH e
resultwuld
of
forh a
tg
night'sienotice
not pay a
single farthing of Church-rate. They might seize his
goods or himself, but of his money they should have
none.
The CHAIRMAN at first refused to put the amend-
ment, but was at length persuaded to do so, when it was
carried by a large majority.
A poll being demanded, it lasted for two days.
There was a majority of fourteen votes against the rate.

isheaboCorn
o-law
; and
monopolists
iftohothewmeiddle classes
and 'rolltee
rest battleof tlhnet between t
as, since the subject was last agitated in Parliament, the
oe for the abolition of the corn
working people have had, to their wotul cost,maapyreac, :pie
refutation of the doctrine of the landowners, that they de-
rive
aotnphoegbenefitmaf,roaorkmte t
ocaobmelow o
common
causericc o
with
e
mottopuly,./Wornng Paper•

1-2:II,IANCIPATION,
':l' STATE OF THE BR ";'i3?;
WEST INDIES.

PHILADELPHIA, AUG. 20, 1839.—The misreprt-
sentatious of party have so thoroughly confused the
lodgment of individuals, both in Great 13,itain and the
Uoitrd States, as to the tune state of the British West

Indies at the present time, that any man who professes
to give a lair and impartial account of the existing
condition of society in the islands, and w►ho proves that
account by statistics, references, and reasonings of the
most unexceptionable character, c,onfers a benefit on
his fellow men, promotes the cause of truth, and en-
courages the just progress of freedom and civilisation.

Such a man as I have described is Mr. John Scobell,
an English gentleman of respectability, well known to
many citizens of Philadelphia, and who has just ar-
rived in this city from the West. Indies, the chief
islands and colonies of which he has visited and exa-
:ruined for the avowed purpose of ascertaining the work-
ings of negro emancipation.
He gave a lecture on the subject a few evenings
since, and, as I understand, his statements are corro-
borated by, several persons who have lately been in the
islands, I make no apology for sending you a condensed
report of his highly interesting address. The room in
which it was delivered was thronged with merchants,
clergymen, editors, and particularly by members of the
Society of Friends, to one of whom, Mr. Daniel J.
Miller, I am indebted for most of the following notes
He says • that in the last year—the year of crisis—
the quantity of sugar exported from all the colonies to
Great Britain fell short only 220,000 cwts. of the
quantity raised the preceding 'ear, which, when com-
pared with the amount usually exported (about 4,000.000
cwts.), is of trifling importance. Ti:is favourable re-
suit has astonished the home Goverment, and greatly
exceeded the most sanguine expectations of the
friends of emancipation as well as the plan-
ters, who predicted the entire failure of the
crops, and the ruin of the colonies ;—while in the
aggregate the quantity of sugar exports has been
decreased, Jamaica exported from the sugar crop of
1838 150,000 cwts. more than the preceding year !!
B irbadoes exported in 1838 6,043 hhds. more than in
1833, the last year of actual slaver, and nearly 10,000
hhds. more than the average production of the seven
years of slavery from 1827 to 1833 inclusive, while on
the other hand British Guiana has exported 6,121 11116.
less, and Trinidad 2,040 Mids. less. One of the causes
which have led to this diminution in the export of sugar,
every friend of humar ity must rejoice in, and it is to be
regretted that it has not been more general, even at the
expense of a considerable quantity of sugar : it is the
partial withdrawal of women from the h,,avier duties of
fi Id labour, such as the cutting and carrying of the cane.
Every man who knows anything of the cultivation of
sugar must admit that it is labour unfit for any woman
to perform. Another cause, perhaps equally gratifying
to the friends of man is, the withdrawal of a large num-
ber of children between the ages of five or six and ten or
twelve from the boiling-house, where they were formerly
employed in preparing and carrying the surplus parts of
the cane used for fuel.

What is most pleasing is the fact that they have not
been introduced to idleness, but to schools, which have
been ext ensively established, and are constantly increas-
ing since emancipation. _ _

In Trinidad, a number of gangs who bad been sent.
to sugar cultivation have returned to the coffee planta-
tions, from which they were originally taken ; and in
this, as well as the other islands, the improvements in
houses, and the building of a large number of cottages
for the labourers, have created a demand for mechanics.
Those- acquainted with trades have been induced to
work at them in preference to sugar cultivation : a con-
siderable number of young men, between the ages of 16
ield 18, have become apprentices for a limited period
to learn trades, particularly that of a carpenter, which
is greatly in demand.
In reference to the moral condition of the labourers,
a few facts will be sufficient. When I visited the
islands, in 1836, there were confined in Bridgetown
Gaol, Barbadoes, 242 prisoners ; in 1839, 93 ditto,
being 149 lees. In British Guiana, Georgetown Gaol,
in 1836, 126 prisoners ; in 1839, 61 ditto, being 65
less. In Trinidad, Port of Spain Gaol, in 1836, 71
prisoners ; in 1839, 53 ditto, being 18 less.
The capital felonies were chiefly committed by
whites ; for instance murder. In Barbadoes there
were indicted for that crime four persons ; two of them
were managers who had shot negroes on their estates,
one a soldier who had shot the sergeant-at-arms of his
company, and the other an unfortunate woman who had
killed her twin children. British Guiana two, and
Trinidad two, indicted for murder. These were all
whites. The misdemeanours of the blacks were petty
thefts, &c.
It is a remarkable fact that the judicial records do
not present a single instance of an emancipated black
having been bound over for an assault on a white man
from the Ist of August (the day of emancipation) up
to the period of my departure last month."
As a proof of the confidence which the home Go-
vernment feels in the quiet of her colonies, nearly one-
halt of tile troops have been recalled and sent to the
other stations. This has be, n done from all the is-
lauds—Jamaica, about which so much has been said,
not excepted. In Barbadoes, with a population of
12,000 whites and 88,000 blacks, a police of 7.5 all
told,' is sufficient to maintain the peace of the colony.
British Guiana, population, whites, 2,500, blacks,
98,000, has a police of only 125 ! Trinidad, popula-
tion, 1,200 whites, 180,000 blacks, police 120.
" What have been the difficulties respecting wages?"
A law, called the Compulsory Emancipation Act,
allowed the apprentices to purchase the residue of
their time, if they chose, at a fair valuation. This
was ascertained by two appraisers—one appointed by
the Justice of the district for the slave, and the other
by the planter ; the Ju.•tice holding the power of a
final decision in case of their disagreement. These
valuations were sworn to by the planters, and for first-
class hands were about 3s. 6d. per diem ; second-class
')s. 6d. per diem. On the event of emancipation, the
blacks, with no little common sense, demanded 3s, 6d.
and 2s. 6u. for their labour. The planters found that
they had made a mistake—had placed too high a valua-
tion on their labours—they suddenly discovered that
the value of a (Ws labour was only about Is. 21-d.
first-class, and 10d. second-class. The Negro proved
himself a logician in his laconic argument :—" Massa,
when me 'prentice labour, you swear me wort 3s. 6d.—
dat all me ax you now. Me no see why we be wort
less now we free—we work so hard as den." Through
the interposition and advice of their friends, principally
Missionaries, they have been induced to labour at Is. Bd.
per day, which is the present standard of wages.
The abolition of slavery has produced a great effect
upon the value of property. In Barbadoes, estates
have enhanced in value from thirty to 50 per cent. It
appears to me that land is now held at an unnaturally
high priee in this island. I have known no sales made
at less than 60/. per acre, and they have been made at
upwards of 1001. The general opinion, however, ap-
pears to be, that present prices will be maintained. In
the other islands property has raised in value, on an
average, from 10 to 15 per cent., while in no single
one of them has it deteriorated. Plantations will
now generally sell -for considerably more than they
would during slavery, with the slaves attached.
A gentleman possessed of a fine estate feared
the effects of emancipaton—partly, perhaps, on account
of the restlessness of his own labourers—he was
induced to dispose of his plantation, which sold for
27,0001, considerably more than it was valued at, in-
cluding labourers, during slavery. Having learned that
the cause of dissatisfaction among the blacks was the
conduct of his manager, who was a tyrant, and had not
forgotten his old tricks, he resolved to displace him, and,
if possible, repurchase the estate ; he accordingly of-
fered a bonus of 1,0001. to regain it, which was promptly
refused ; he finally succeeded in obtaining it for
30,0001,, he agreeing to pay all the expenses of the
double transfer,

The increased demand for the free Idhour produce of
the West Indiei over that which existed for slave-grown
produce, has had the effect to raise the price of sugar
about 2.5 per cent.

They now can dispense with a great deal of the ex-
pense of slavery attendant upon the employment of
attorney,, mit-lagers, and overseers, as well as the re-
covery of fugitives. Besides this, the labourer, no
more driven to his reluctant toil by the sting of the
lash, but stimulate d by wages, performs his task with
increased zeal and industry. In no instance, where a
iiber :1 policy has been pursued by the planters, and
lair wages offered, have the blacks refused to work. In
tao or three instances, on account of the obstinacy of
the planters, the labourers deserted them and removed
to other plantations, where they found immediate em-
ployment. It is from these estates the reports respect-
ing the ruin of the colonies doubtless arise, and instead
of properly being ascribed to the conduct of the planters,
are charged against the labourers.
No revolt, or even an approach to it, has taken place
in either colony. On the other hand, the most perfect
tranquillity reigns, and the whites feel perfect security.
Some littie difficulty was created by the attempt in
Jamaica to force the labourers to submission to unjust
terms, by the passing of a law by the Legislature of
Jamaica, declaring a three days' residence in the
huts on a plantation the ground of a con-
tract for a year's labour ; there being no
place for them to remove to on account of the gene-
ral combination of planters, many of them were
obliged to stay. A law was also passed, declaring any
negro found " wandering about" a vagabond, and im-
posing, for the first offence, one month's imprisonment;
for the second, three months ; and for the third, six
six months. The temporary difficulty occasioned by
these unjust laws was happily averted by the prompt
interference of the British Government.

—The principal difficulty and disturbance has been
created by the refusal, on the part of the Legislature
of Jamaica, to accept a law passed by Great Britain,
entitled the " West India Prison Act," for the better
regulation of prisons, which have been represented as
in a shameful condition, and under a cruel discipline•
The unfavourable reports which have reached this
country as well as Great Britain have probably mi.,

ginated among attorneys, overseers, and mana-
gers, who are some of them endeavOuring to
create dissatisfaction and panic, in order that the
owners of estates residing on the Continent may
become alarmed—throw estates into the market, and
thus afford them an opportunity of gratifying their sel-
fishness by enablii,g them to purchase the estates them-
selves. Mr. Sco.-ell sa-,s that he did not find a single
planter (and his intercourse was general) who would re-
turn to the old system.
The islands have been visited by droughts and exces-
sive rains, which may affect the crops this year. Should
this be the case it cannot fairly he attributed to eman-.
cipation.
An immense advantage has been already reaped by
the merchants and manufacturers in the greatly increased
consumption of the blacks of many of the conveniences
and common luxuries of civilized life, as well as an im-
proved style of clothing.
The awful mortality which has prevailed in all the
islands (with one exception) is almost incredible ; in
eleven years, the actual decrease of the population,
over and above the births, was more than 52,000, in a
population of about SOO,OOO. This mortality, occa-
sioned by over working, was not less during the appren-
ticeship, for the planters, knowing that the existence of
slavery was limited, were induced to extort as much
labour from the slaves as possible, while they had the
power. So that many,of them, by overworking, were,
to use a familiar expression, almost " used up ;" they
therefore entered the state of freedom nearly exhausted,
which may have been one cause in connection with the
astonishing mortality and the withdrawal of women,
children, and mechanics, already alluded to in the
former notice, as producing a diminution in the sugar
crop ; these causes will continue to exist, and. m
affect the sugar crop in future years.—Alio n. Cha:.

ADDRESS OF THE COMIVIITTEE
OF THE PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION ON
THE RECENT POPISH APPOINTMENTS IN
THE STATE.

The Committee of the Protestant Association,
deeply concerned at the recent appointment of three
members of the Church of Rome to high and important
offices in the State, have felt it to be their duty to
their Queen, their country, and their God, to present
to her Majesty, as temporal head of the Church, the
subjoined Address ; and they would further entreat
their Protestant fellow-subjects to testify, in like

manner, their sense or the injury which such appoint-
ments are calculated to inflict upon the best interests
of the community. The rapid progress %aid] Popery
has of late years made in the land, and the untiring
efforts by which she is now, both openly and covertly,
assailing the privileges and blessings which this nation
has long been permitted by a gracious Providence to
enjoy, cannot be regarded without serious alarm by all
who are anxious to maintain those civil and religious
liberties to which the unchanged and unchangeable doc-
trines of Popery are diamytrically opposed. Regarding',
therefore, these recent appointments as another success-

tul step in the efforts of the Papacy to establish herself
supreme in the land, the Committee of the Protestant
Associ it ion would urge upon their Protestant fellow-
countrymen the important duty of humbly addressing
their beloved Sovereign, praying that she will. be pleated
to cancel these appointments—fully sentible as they are
that if the design, of the Church of Rime ba petmitted
to be fulfilled, this once Prote.tant nation can only look
for judgment and fiery indignation as a just retribution
for the surrender of those privil,ges with which God has
so abundantly blessed us.

ADDRESS TO THE QUEEN.
To the Queen's Most Ex,teil.nt Alajesty.
The humble petition of the undersigned humbly
showeth,—That your petitioni-rs beg leave humbly to
approach your Majesty, with the utfeigned assurances
of our loyalty and attachment to your Majesty's person
and Government. We earnestly desire and pray for
the security of your Majesty's Throne, the prosperity
of your reign, and the maintenance of that pure and re-
formed religion which is committed to your Majesty's
care as temporal head of the Cnurch ; and therefore
cannot but view with alarm and apprehension, the dan-
gers to which these great national blessings are exposed,
from the pernicious counsels of those who are at present
honoured with your Majesty's confidence in the admi-
nistration of public affairs.

We have observed with deep concern that your Ma-
jesty has been advised so far to depart from those Pro-
estant principles, which the law of England has made
he condition of the succession to the Throne, as to con-

fer on Members of the Church of Rome high and in-
fluential situations in several of the public departments
of the State ; for example, in the Admiralty, the Trea-
sury, and the Board of Trade. And this concern is fur-
ther increased by the fact that ore of these individuals
has been admitted to the rank and privileges of your
Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council ; the first
instance, we believe, on record of such a departure
from the principles of our Constitution since the deli-
verance of this country front Papal tyranny in IGSS.
It is, moreover, to be deplored that this preferment
should he conferred on men who are subjects of the
See of It Imo, at a time when that apostate Giturel has
openly threatened the xtinetion of the established re-
ligion in this country, and is now seeking, by means of
deep-laid conspiracies and secret intrigues, again to bring
the people of these islands in subjugation to the Roman
Pontiff.

In conclu ion we would humbly remind your Ma-
je,ty that the throne to which your Majesty has suc-
ceeded, and the form of government under which we
are privileged to lice, are based on Christian principles,
that this nation has once been delivered by a signal
interposition of Divine Providence from Popish tyranny
and arbitrary power, and that if we are so forgetful of
former mercies as to surrender any p irticipation in the
government of the State to the partizans of an idola-
trous and anti-Christian Church, there remains nothing
but a 'fearful looking for of Divine judgments : we
may expect to be delivered into the hands of those
who hate us ; and your Majesty's reign, instead of
being happy and prosperous, may be made a period of
trouble and calamity too painful for the mind of any
loyal subject. to contemplate.
Wherefore your petitioners humbly pray that your
Majesty will be graciously pleased to cancel these ap-
pointments, fraught, as we believe them to be, in their
ultimate results, with such imminent danger to the
Church, the Country, and the Throne.
And yaur petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever
pray, &c.

PRICE OF SUGAR,

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.

Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar,
in Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that of
foreign sugars:_

London, September 13, 1839.
The Gazette of this night will quote the ave. Per Cwt.
rage price of British Plantation Muscovado
Sugar, exclusive of duty, at
The actual quantity sold in the week ending the
10th instant, on account of the importers, accord.
ing to the returns made by the West India sugar
brokers, in conformity with the Act of Parliament,
consisted of 1,109 bhds. 1M trcs. and 63 barrels, estimated
to contain 15,352 cwt., upon which weight the above price
is computed. _ _ _

Foreign Sugars raised by free labour have been sold
this week at from 18s. 6d. to 235. per cwt., being quality
For quality about 17s. 61 per cwt. cheaper than West
India Sugar.

The arrivals from the West Indies have during the past
week been numerous. On the 11th September, 1838,
the average price of Sugar was 28s. 104 d. per cwt., 12s.
per cwt. less than at tne present moment, although stocks
of all descriptions of sugar admissible to home use exceed
in the agregate those on hand this time last year by several
thousand tons.
The market is extremely flat.

From inquiries made at a late hour last evening,
we regret to learn that that exce;lent and aged Reformer,
Mr. Henry Gunning, is still labouring under severe indis.
position, in coi.sequenee of the ferocious and cowardly at-
tack made on him last Thursday, by the ruffians in the pay
of the Tory party. The following is the account
of the atrJcious attbck on Mr. Gunning, given by
himself to the editor of the Cambridge Adverliscr o:
Wednesday :—" About eleven o'clock yesterday morn
ire;;, as I was walking on the pavement of Cnrist's
College, I saw Mr. Sutton's band and flags com-
ing down St. Andrew's street, towards me; the band
was uot playing, but accompanied by a great number of
persons who were very noisy. As I had refrained from
addressing the electors from the hustings, and had not at
sny time, either by myself or family, exhibited any co-
lours or b,dge of party whatsoever, nor did I think it
necessary to turn back in order to avoid them I was salu-
ted by hootinga and groaning s, of which, as no personal
violence was offered rue, I took no notice. When I had got
about half way through the crowd, sonic person came from
behind and struck toe a blow under the ear with his fist. I
instantly turned round aul saw the man who struck me
running away into the ro id towards the flagmen : I fol.
lowed and struck him on the head with my stick. Imme•
diately a great number of men set upon me, and some
persons behind me endeavoured to take away my
stick.d
To avoid being surrounded, I went up Field's-court, and
whilst engaged by two three men, some one from or
thrown
street threw a stone which struck me under the eye, and
at the same instant, a quantity of fresh mourtaarm‘vaesyes,
and
in my face, which completely closed oune_eatve my eyes,
in total
so far injured the other as for a time
It
and was taken into an
darkness. They then ran off,
adjoining house, whence, after
home (accompanied by a stranger)m axious to prevent an
bathing my eyes, I went
daughter's ears. She
exaggerated account reaching t
o )a surgeon, thinking she
should were, however,e
insisted on accompanying
should be some protection to me.abu
lours and at tilt end of Market street, the
as-
sailed by the most violent _
‘se from persons wearing
Mr. Sutton's co ,
fly attempte , us, to effect
d to drive aoltinst
driver of a Tory
which he actually drove a considerable way over C.e curb
stone. After having the mortar extracted, and the wound
dressed by Mr. Sudbury, we returned home. On passing
up St. Andrew's-street, the marks of blood on the ban-
dage were greeted by shouts of laughter from well, dressed
of
from the opposite windows......,;pcian from those
y
of Mr. Law and Mr, William Nev by, accompanied by
loud expressions! satisfaction at what had happened to
rvly daughter, who has always studiously kept aloof
from party politics, expressed her astonishment that persons
in a respectable station of life could have conducted them-
selves in the manner already described. " H. G."

EVENING EDITION.

THE ZURICH INSURRECTION.

We extract the following from the new Zurich
Gazette of the Gth

" The report being spread in the back parts of the
canton that troops of foreign countries were marching
into Zurich, great excitemett arose in the towns if
some
e
Pfaffiken, Hinweel, Illnau, Rupiken, Sze. Crowds of
peasants
s-as at
o
came into
ttsobtoqe:ernns,tmaHrenn:trezd o. chiefly with sticks, loutm I;tri.oerf teldf3le fAaplffieekcs.spernlse
theire
head.wh
Heget-
schweiler and Sulzer to en'ighte as to
hours
mistake.
oturs B
brought
no
oruet it was
return
nor
ttroao n
q late.uin A i t v
. Council
futnwtioi
was summoned in the Town-house, and the troops took
arms in the Arsenal. At nine o'clock the peasants
marched under Priest Hirzel and Dr. Rahn Eseber, in
order singing psalms,over the lower bridges by the Storch-
engape to the Munsterhof, or Cathedral Court. There
was stationed a detachment of dragoons, under AI.-jor
Nebel, who prevented the people from proceeding
to the Zenghaus. A combat ensued, the result of
which was that the people were obliged to return
by the Munster-bridge and court. The cavalry
and infantry behind them fired. Blood flowed, and
the tccsin sounded. Some of the members of Go_
vernment were -in the new Post-office, and they sent
orders to stop the strife. But there were already eight
dead and sixteen wounded. Amongst the latter was
M. Hegetschweiler, a man revered by all parties, who,
while making known the news of the dissolution of the.
Government, received a ball in the head. Meantime ,
the peasants, recovering from their pnic, and receiving
succours from Kusnacht, Ncumunster. and Erlibach, at-
tackcd the barracks which the cadets had left. The
Government gave up the arsenal to the National Guard,
and all was gaiet by twelve o'clock. 'f he irritation was
greatest against the commander of the troop2,and against
those who from the corner houses of the Z ng Strasse
fired on the people ; but the shedding of more blood was
prevented.

" Two proclamations of the Government nppeared,
the first denying th,rt troops had been called from foreign
cantons: ; the second published on the failure of the first,
declaring the dissolution of the Government.
" On the other hand, the central committee of the
insurgents announced their victory in another proclarna-
tion, which declares that their cause was that of Jesus
and of the ho!y religion against the infidels and the un-
righteous. It owns that the insurrection was planned in
Ptaffiken. It is signed by the President Hurlitnan-
Landis, and the Vice-President Rahn Esther."

PROCLAMATION Ok' ESPARTERO.

CAPTAIN-GENERAL DON BALDOMERO ESPARTERO TO
THE BASQUES AND NAVARRESE.
" Six years of a war, which never ought to have
been lighted up in these beautiful and flourishing pro-
vinces, have reduced them to the lamentable condition
in which they are now seen. The flower of their youth
have fallen victims in battle. Commerce has under-
gone bankruptcy and ruin. The owners of landed pro-
perty and the labourers have been reduced to misery
by the constant invasions of that. landed property. The
arts and trades base participated in this paralisation,
e filch has caused the ruin of an infinity of families. In
short, all have experienced affliction and bitterness ;
and ex'stence itself has been cruel and precerUus.
Contemplate, Basques and Navarrese, your pre-
sent situation ! Compare it e ith the hapneness you
enjoyed in other times ; and you cannot fe;;I to confess
that the scourge of so sanguinary a struggle has turned
good into evil ; substituted grievous restlessness for
tranquillity ; in place of the paciSe customs of your
ancestors, a desire for externeinae;on was produced ; and
instead of prosperity you were visited by every species
of misfortune. And against whom, and in whose fa-
vour, has the war been carried on ? Against Spaniards
by Spaniards, against brothers by brothers !
" You were taken by surprise. You were made in
believe at the beginning that the defenders of Isabel, IL
were conspiring against the religion of our forefeethers ;
and the Ministers of the Most High, whose (1.-uty it was
to fulfil the Evangelical law, and whose rels,ion was to
proclaim peace, and carefully attend to spiritual duties
alone, were the first who laboured to light up this in-
testine war, which has demoralised those populations
where virtue had formerly been enthroned.
" You were then deceived by an ambitious Prince,
who pretends to usurp the Crown of Spain from the
successor of Fernando the Seventh—from his legiti-
tate daughter the innocent Isabel. And what are his
rights ? Where is the just motive for having arrre-ed
yourselves in favour of Don Carlos ? What pre.;- itiye
advantages could his imagined triumph have ce-oduced
for you ? Be assured, Navarrese and Bas'ques, of the
error, of the injustice of the cause you helve been in-
duced to defend, and that you would never have reaped
any other return for your services them the COMSUMIII4-
tion of your ruin.
" I well know that the people are undeceived ;
that they feel these truths in their hearts ; and that
they love and desire peace beyond everything. Peace
has been proclaimed by me in Alava, Biscay, and
Guipuscoa ; and this sweet and enchanting word hes been
received with enthusiasm, and has been ardently cele-
bract'. G.heral Don Rafael Maroto, and the Biscayaa,
Guipuscoan, and Castilian divisions, who had re-
ceived nothing but insults and afflicting undecepelons
from the pretended King, have already hearkened to
the voice of peace, anti have joined the ermy under
my command, in order to terminate the war. The
fields of Bergara have just been the theatre of eels fra.
ternal union. There the reconciliation of Spaniards
has taken place ; a mutual concession of differences has
there been made ; sacrificing those differences for the
general good of our unfortunate country. There the
embrace of peace, and the incorporation of the for-
merly opposite forces, forming but one mass and but
one sentiment, have been the commencement which
is destined to secure for ever the union of all Spa-
niards under the banner of Isabel IL, of e'ae
Constitution of the Monarchy, and of the Regency
of the mother of the people, the immortal, Chris-
tina. There a Convention has been ratified, for
which purpose I was sufficiently authoeized—a Con-
vention which embraces the interests bf 'ill, and which
repels rancour, animosity, and the -vertigo of vengeance
for former deviations. By this Convention oblivion of the
past is established; all, according to its tenor, are bound
generously to make concessions before the altar of their
country. And if the Alavese and Navarrese forces,
who perhaps, from not having received intelligence of
this Convention, have riot yet hastened to avail them-
e Ives of its advantages, should wish to obtain them, I i
em disposed to admit them, and to employ all any
efforts with the Government of her Mejesty the Queen,
in order that it may demonstrate its gratitude to-
wards all.
" Basques and Navarrese !—Let me not find myself
in the hard and grievous necessity to move hostilely the
numerous, gallant (ague rrido), and well-discipliner),
army which you have seen. Let the song of peace
resound in whatever direction I may go. Let that
union which is the object of my cordial and sincere
prayers be consolidated for ever, and all of you shall
find a father and a protector in
"THE DUKE DE LA VICTORIA.
" Head-quart. rs, Bergara, Sept. 1, 1839."

FATAL ACCIDENT BY MACHINERY.—AR in-
quest was held at the Infirmary on Thursday, on the body
of Alexander Tate, a lad of sixteen, son of Alexander
Tate, hatter, Denton, who lost his life under circumstances
stated in the following evidence .—Thomas Reynoldson
stated that the deceased was a fellow carder with him in
the factory of Mr. John Sidebottom, of Hyde; and, on
the preceding Friday morning, deceased and witness were
ordered to grind some flats on a machine. Deceased Went
up to the machinery ; and, as he was placing a strap upon
a dram, in order to set the grinding machine in moron,
the strap caught him by the apron, ar.d he was thereby
drawn upon some shafting attached to the machinery,
which was revolving t: the rate of seventy times* minute.
Witness immediately ran to stop the engine, which was
done in about a minute ; and whtzn he got back, he found
that the deceased had dropped from the shafting upon
which he had been turned round, and that he had lost his
left arm, which caused him to drop. Mr. Smith, the
house-surgeon at the Infirmary, stated that the deceased
was admit'ed there on Friday morning, his left arm was
torn off below the elbow, and he had a compound fracture
ce the right ancle joint, and his other foot was crus.hed.
These injures ware the cause of his death, which took
place on Tuesday afternoon., The Jury returned a ver.
diet " Accidental Death.'—illanch ester Guardian.
HORRIFICALLY HORRIBLII.----MOlldaTsra
most
a dormitory the Hertford Times), a whole crowd of people were col-
ected la a ho
in use
dica intint
Fronht-street, below Market, their
g
and
window,intense
rmdasllthbe spout, creeping
out, in order to catch a little pet bird,
We looked up, and on the roof of the house
bici
led a
j s
anxiety.
n
t(loa'jtvrettlewaased from its fetters, had taken refuge in that ap,
countenances e
from l)
ai
nf
ul
Heu andavdagncoetdabaoultitthlaelfm-woatz:
parentis t
airn a
overcamercsl hle shpiomt
We held our breath, and closed our teeth with excessive
sympathy. Another step, and a convulsive shudder ran
through the crowd. The bird moved a little further. The
boy made one unsuccessful grasp—the crowd shrieked
with apprehension—and the boy, horrible th relate t fed.—
into the hands of his father, who pulled him in the window
by the breeches, and severely whipped him for his trAtterity.
A girl down East said she did.n't like to swing in
the garden, " because the caters had eyes."
ANOTHER DREADT;ITI, RAILWAY ACCT.
DF.NT. —An inquest wag, held by Mr. W. Carter, the
Coroner for the Easiern Division of Surrey, at the Old
George, Croydon, on Wednesday evening, on the body 01
a young girl named Sarah Goddard, who was killed upon
he Brighton Railway. It appeared from the evidence
that the deceased, with her father, was riding on one of
passed over he? assistance could be rendered the waggon
On bar the waggons upon the line, when she fell, and before any
and in so doing was thrown off the , ,
f ;eke
• and her cheat was aho dread-
turned on to the right cheek,
surgeon resid''ng at Croy-
d up it was found that her left jaw was sorwen an
fully crushed. Mr. Culhane, a,
assistance he
r and succee,Led
could to the poor suffere , in setting the
"*ed for two days after the
dreadful
w. Notwithstanding the . injuries she had re.
don, was sent for, sad be rendered all the
jury returned a verdict of
Accidental Death‘"
seisedja
accident 'tb etipuororrecdr.eatuTrhe
