P ROCLAWATION.

C:ITA LONIANS.—The infamous anti cowardly
surrender of theforvess of Lerida, ought not to de-
Press your valour. In the 'midst of die horrors that
lifirroUnd them, its illustrious bfit unfortunate in-
habitants (worthy of a better fate) call aloud for
I'''ogearice, and implore the aid of your euergy. Is
there °ire among you whose breast does not gloy,
With an eager anxiety to offer up to the gererous'
Manes of the men, women, and child en, sacrificed
amidst the flames of their habitations, the assassins
.who have committed such atrocities ?
" Are you not the same who have levelled in the
dust the numerous div!sions which so artogantly
vaunted that they would bring you under inun,diate
subjection ; and who, in so many and such glorious
combats, have added fresh laurels to the garland of
Valour which has always so majestically decorated
Your brows ?
" Lerida is fallen ; but Catalonia is not yet Con-
quered; nor sitioll it ever Dr, whilst the minds of the
invincible inhabiton's ore unaeleCted.
"Tarragona, Tortosa,C4rdotra, Berga, Sen
Coll de Balagoer, arid M-quinenza, are still the
bulwarks of the prin,.ipality of these fortresses, coin-
inanded by patriotic, intelligent, and brave. Chiefs,.
Will prove in impeiletrable barrier to the enemy.
" And it at per the lapse of many years, those fort-
resses should call, the inaccessible mountain of Ca-
talonia still present numerous stiong-holds to those
who prefer sod) an abode to slavery. When we

commenced hostilities, we had neither army nor
• fortresses, for all of them were dismantled ; at this
mr•ment we havr., an army and fortresses. Catalo-
nians, rush ►n a body to take up arms ; do not cre-
, du those who tell you, that by carrying into effect
the ballot tor every filth man, at is intended to pre-
vent the brave Somaienes from defending their
country.
" Every Catalan ought to aim himself, but it is
the duty of the disciplineii army to inue under
UrrnS. For this reason, all deserters trim their re-
spettive corps will be irrevocably subje:•red to the
PutriShmenr of dLat i. The same punishment will
be inflicted on the persons inducing, tliern to desert ;
•and those ho protect them will also be set ercly
dealt ,A.ith.
" I shad appoint patriotic chiefs in the several
districts, to direct the valour of the Snmatenes, who
are to keep on foot by the towns and villages; but
to chief who shall dare to harbour a soldier shall
be pardoned.
" Catalonians, Bruch, Maarf!ssa, Espamaguera,
Villatranca, and Mullet, remind you that the enemy
is not invincible. Take hi art t en ; let all of us
fight to secu.e the independence of our country ;
Perish the setfi•li wretch, who would with indif-
ference witness her des•ru&ion ; may he be doomed
to eternal contempt, who is diseoura4ed bra single
reverse of fortune;, a.id let us keep the'firm resolu-
tion of being Spaniards to the last moments of-our
lives.

(Signed) " OTONNBLL:.
" Tarragona, May zz, 18io."
TERUEL, MAY 2,4.—The brave General Villa-
' tampa returned yesterday with.his dit ision to Xea,
after a fortnight's absence. The corps under his
command basin that time gone over from 80 to go
leagues of ground, and every where 'struck terror
into the enemy. They had marched four days by
the way of Alfambra, Montforte, Her-
rera, and Curios. while the enemy's force at Cala-
Mocha and Daroca were in total ignorance of their
rnoveinints. - Those at Calata; ud were equally utr-
. informed ; and at the moment their Commander
Was boasting that with his own detachment he could
beat 3000 insurgents, he had an unexpected oppor-
tunity given him of trying whether lie could realize
his boast. 0.1 the 13th in the morning, the ene-
my, 500 strong, including 300 picked grenadiers,
and 48 horse grenadiers, began their march by way
'Of Frasno, with a large convoy Of grain for Sara-
gossa. They were instantly attacked by the bat-
talion of Carinena, and some cavalry, on one. side,
and on the other by the troops under Lieutenant-
, Colonel Theodore Nagues ; and after a short effort
to maintain themselves in the olive grounds to the
left of Paracuelos, they fled in the must disgraceful
rnanner, throwing away their muskets and knap-
sacks. Several of them were drowned in the river
Xalon, and others kilted. Among the latter were
those traitors to their country, D. Josef Alcalde,
Captain in the 14th regiment, and D. Pedro
Tena, who was appointed Governor of Calatayud by
Joseph Bvonaparte. The rest of the detachment,
With the exception of 14 men that escaped, surren-

dined thediseh.res prisoners of war, including the
Commandant and two Captains. Our loss consisted
of iv cavalry, and a few infantry killed, including
the brave Ensign D. Juan hla►gnee.
