WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIET

(THIS DAY.)

The anniversary meeting of this Society took place to-day in the large
room, Exeter Hall.
J. HAunv, Esq. (late M.P. for Bradford), was, in the absence of J. P'
Plumptre, Esq., M.P. (who was announced as Chairman), was unan'"
mously called to the Chair.
On the platform we observed Lord Sandon, M.P., Mr. Baines,
Mr. Finch, ILP., and a number of influential gentlemen belonging to
the connex ion.

After prayer, ch
The Rev. Dr. BUNTING (Honorary Secretary) read the repce,t,
extended to a great leugth. It appeared that in Ireland the •"Ilt!
have twenty-four missionaries, there are also 2,100 children in th.e "a'
schools, and 2,670 in the Sunday schools in that country. In Franke
there are fourteen missionaries. In various other parts of
continent the Society's operations were greatly extended., ill'
India, New South Wales, New Zealand, the South Sea Is laiwoci
in Canada, in Africa, and in the West Indies, the Society had
been very successful. The total number of children in the blissi°9
Schools, amounted to upwards of 49,000—being an increase of more.lo9
2,000, during the past year.

The reading of the report occupied an hour and a half.
From an abstract of the account, it appeared that the Soel
in the past year, had received 83,648/. 10s. 6d.—(Loud aplphwis,e
—of which Ireland contributed, 3,795/. ; and Upper Cana°
1,099/. The regular income, however, of the Society arneunt,'6
to 73,0001. an increase of more than 6,000/. over the inc°°,e
of 1837. But the expenditure of the past year had exceeded
considerably the regular income.
E. BAINES, Esq., M.P., moved the adoption of the Report ; which
was seconded by
The Rev. J. Psesows, of York, in a most eloquent sPe-e
c„
In respect to the subject of slavery, the Rev. Gentleman exhorted t""
meeting to determine on the entire abolition of that abominable gr
tern—not its mitigation, but its destruction—not its softening, but its
complete removal.—(Loud cheers.) Then, and not till then, Iv"'
the loveliest islands of the ocean become what they were naturally
in-
tended for—the Eden bowers of the earth, and resound to the song
of happiness and of freedom.—(Continued cheers.)
Lord Smolt supported the motion. As a devoted son of the Es"-
biishment, yet, feeling a deep interest in the subject of missions, and 'l.
deep sense of the exertions of this Society, he came forward to cong"
tulate a sister religious communion on the success of their missionary
operations.—(Cheers.) The Noble Lord said he would give his utn7o,4
support to a motion, notice of which had already been given in the 11°.i
t.e,
of Commons, for the abolition of that countenance afforded try the 9.",
tish Government in India to Hindoo idolatries.—(Great lth eerior
Though it was not according to the principles of religious t° it
ration to put down those gross idolatries, yet, he thoughtrepugnant to the spirit of a Christian Government to give its 510i1-
to such a system.—(Cheers.)

The adoption of the report was carried by acclamation. the
The Rev. J. HAWTREY moved the second resolution, expressing to
gratitude of the Society for past successes, and pledging the meeting

renewed exertions in future,

Mrs. Alfred Shaw has received, from the Director'
of the Leipsic Philharmonic Concerts, an offer of an engagg'
mont (which she has accepted) to sing at eight of these e°ev
certs, in the course of next autumn.
There is a decrease in the burials in List week':
reported bills of mortality of 224, compared with the wee
preceding. Among the deaths are 15 from fever, and 2 fro
1°
typhus fever ; 33 from consumption, 22 from age and debility,
and 27 from unknown causes. • at
Miss Hart, a young lady who has been playirlig Lon.
the Worcester Theatre, and has made her appearance ja P°s4;
don under the assumed name of Harrington, has thrown hat
her engagement, and sent to the manager to announce, Inia
in consequence of her marriage on the previous day, sht' e° r,
not play in The Day after the Wedding, which was olve
tised for that evening.— Worcester Journal.
nyTICK
NORTHERN AND EASTERN RAILWAY.----,, on
WORK .—The contractor, by our last, commenced work
e
the 19th March between Tottenham Mills and Broxbour,;s,
on the 23d of April we heard that he had finished two role,
and that notices had been given to continue the line to nisuin°,`,.
Stortford. We think our readers will agree with us in
this business Quick Work.—Railway Magazine.
The
SIR FRANCIS BURDETT—A SCEN..g•--
travelling clerk of a certain brewer in Liverpool atteaded
dte"st
Burdett dinner, and, though in general a decent and board,
man in his line of life, yet, having his pint of wine e"
change
and experiencing therefrom that elating effect which Ei creman
from a malt beverage would naturally produce, the g` `hero
was seized with the ambition to shake hands with the
and ex-
the night, so going up to Burdett he seized his band
turned
claimed, " Give us your hand, old boy! You and I,ike his
at the same time !" ( For be it kno,vn, our friend, mend,
the
master the brewer, had known a change of sentiments
oint of politics.) '• But," proceeded our enthusiastic t
got
" we, Sir Francis, have seen the error of our ways' and life
r;ght at last !" A bystander declares that he never in hi Hs
saw a full-grown man blush, and look so foolish, as Sir F"
Burdett did.
We do not speak at random, or without authorit.';'
when we say that the money expended, and being expend ev!,
in effecting the railway communication between London tit
Liverpool and Manchester alone, exceeds ten millions s!crliAl ,
—Railway Magazine.
MR. QUIN'S ORIENTAL ROMANCE " No 101-
MA HAL. "—This work is very different, both in the concept
of,its design, and the style of its execution, from the epherne,
fictions of the day. The scene opens in the wilds of Tar'
tary, then passes to Hindostan at a period when that region
was in the height of its splendour, under the Mogul EmPet.°ro.'
next traverses the Himalayan mountains, and the enchantteubs
rallies of Cashmere, and, finally, returns to Hindostan.
the author has been aide to avail himself of all that is,s.he
lime and beautiful in the most picturesqae territories
° f the
Ea.t ; and by adding to these natural attractions a storY,°_
~‘ of
most intense dramatic interest and the seductive tradittolia,_6
a country famed for those tales which have commandede the
admiration of age and youth in every land, he has suecehuaye
in producing one of the most charming romances
ever perused.—Dublin Register.
n $a-
SUICIDE IN KENSINGTON GARDENS.-^"--11 „on-
turday evening, between six and seven o'clock, as poli," :ens
stable Shearlock was on duty on the south side of the heir an
tine water, not far from the bridge, he discovered a gentLeicse
to all appearance in a lifeless state, lying on the grass, c ofc,
to one of the seats, from which he had apparently fallen
,s.e.
Life was not quite extinct, and he immediately sent to 'A:I,
receiving house of the Royal Humane Society, in Hyde-1 her
for assistance, and in the meantime endeavoured, with °-
psrsons, to rouse the unfortunate gentleman from his letharg,
.‘lr. Pritchard, Superintendent of the Humane Society, s°ter,
reached the spot, when they conveyed him towards 8ay02,„1,
for the purpose of procuring a surgeon. They had not, title,
ever, proceeded many yards, before they were met by a get, of
man hastening at his utmost speed, and evidently in a sta. e%.•
great mental excitement, who, on seeing the gentlelean:in
claimed—" Good God, it's him I Oh, save him if yon can,
While proceeding across the park, they were met by a sztr,e,:n•ty
who had heard of the occurrence, when being in the le"; lie
of the receiving house, where stomach pumps are kerthe
constant readiness, he was instantly taken thither, and ted
contents of the stomach, which were strongly impregetaa
with opium, drawn off. Mr. Woolley, the indefetig'-fes
surgeon of the society, who had been immediately see rep
by Mr. Pritchard, soon arrived, and kept the stomach Pui,es•
in full operation from a quarter past seven o'clock until A"0
ten o'clock, as well as removing fifty ounces of blood, "..„.„be.;
finding him gradually sinking, Mr. Woolley conveyed h"."„10.
a coach to St. George's Hospital, where he expired s°,:es
after five o'clock yesterday morning. On removing the el°1t");.
of the unfortunate gentleman, who was a remarkably fine 'ejlns
ing man, about 30 years of age, two cards were found tied to t o
button holes of his trousers, on which were engraved the uf"
of " Kennedy, No. 23, Holles-street, Cavendish-scle%sis
which turned out to be his name and address. In his P°c-
were also found three phials marked " Laudanum
and a leather travelling bottle, and at,,half-pint horn mtitkeitt.
scented with opium. A razor was also found in his peePsn,
It appears that Mr. Kennedy, who was an independent gleA
tleman, had previous to leaving home left a note on the set,
addressed to his mother, intreating her not to take it to heilits
and informing her that his body would be found on the brae
of the Serpentine, which was the cause of the gentlemen e`itesi
mentioned hastening to the spot. The cause of the Comm
of the dreadful act has not transpired. ts•e*
We have just seen a new Pen-holder, lately ill,. e
duced by Mr. G. Riddle; it is a very simple and effec,lof
instrument, and is adapted for either quill or metallic Pel/i;el
various curves and thicknesses. The pen, which may be ci,oat
ordinary size, is inserted without any trouble, and sylircatt
inking the fingers ; when placed, it is held very firmly, builder
—poisoa
never become fixed, as on withdrawing the ring the "":,,intr
flies open, and the pen is instantly discharged. The J:
which in other holders, has always been the weakest par",st.
this new, ingenious contrivance, is very properly the strooliktb,
It is the most useful thing of the sort we have yet Met vg
combining all the excellencies of previous inventions.
On the first day of the assembling of the Qua
stag hounds in the New Forest, there was a field of at leiari,
1,000 horsemen, besides above 100 carriages filled wing
ladies. The day's sport was excellent ; and in the eve any
Sir Edward Poore entertained a large part of the coraPti
at Cuffnalls, the seat of the late Right Hon. George Re, se.the
The Earl of Essex, it is rumoured, has maaen; r•
munificent settlement of 5,000/. per annum on his ne141Y..,-dasie
ried Countess, together with the mansion and beautiful d
main of Cashiobury Park, Herts. Her Ladyship hacvieg
arrived at the " ripe age of fifty," as erroneously stated, ha orit
been born about the year 1794, and made her debut at C°',','.ha,
Garden theatre in 1813, as /I,landane, in Artaxerxes. union
Countess has two brothers, one of whom, until her rts,
with Lord Essex, was her chaperon to public places, concerts,
parties.
alters
The Middlesex Justices are about to make 4tehe
tions in the House of Correction, Coldbath-fields, and tot:di.
establishment there, which will add to the county exPeinns,
ture from 5001. to 1,0001. per annum. Among
they propose to pension off the present chaplain n
and instead of the former to have two, ated
It is related of Jose Maria, one of the celebr the ,
bandits of Spain, that he provided a fire in a cottage le he
accommodation Of the wife of n receiver of taxes. while
rifled her equipage, and at the conclusion presented hci
one of her own necklaces. as a keepsake and token of his regard'
aothde matron,
aPtrons
