Due. Arrived.

Due.

O America 0 I Hamburg 0
O Brasil
(1 Buenos Ayres 1 0 Jamaica 0
O Carthagena 0 0 Leeward Islands ... 1
1 Dublin 0 0 Lisbon 0
1 Flanders 0 0 Malta . 0
I France 0 0 Sweden
O Guernsey tic Jersey.. 0 I I Waterford

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning— 7 minutes after 9. I Evening...3B minutes after 9.

_~

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 19, 1831.

Again we address ourselves to the Northampton-
shire electors. We intreat them to weigh well the '
serious responsibility that devolves on them ; to re-
flect that the eyes of the whole empire are directed
with the most anxious earnestness to their proceed-
ings. The contest in which they are engaged is no
common ooe. It is a question of freedom or
slavery ; a struggle for life or death. As this
struggle draws nearer to a close, the vote of each in-
dividual elector becomes a matter of national moment.
It may turn the scale. It may free the county.
It may carry despair to the hearts of the borough-
mongers. It may do more. It may impress on the
minds of the people the important fact that, in con-
tests of this nature between right and wrong, where
such vast forces are called into the field on either
side, the man who shirks the cause of justice, who
hangs aloof, who sneaks off from the battle plain
under pretence of having his horse re-shod by a
farrier, becomes from that moment a marked man.
Me cannot escape observation. He cannot avoid
scorn. All were in the field but him. All were strug-
gling for freedom but him. He was the only one who
deserted his country. Let his name then perish for
ever, or be only •remembered as a by-word for
treason and cowardice. Such, in a greater or a less
degree, will be the fate of every individual elector
who now deserts the cause of freedom, as repre-
sented by Lords ALTHORP and MILTON. It is
impossible that he can remain concealed. The jea-
lousy of his brother freeholders is already ex-
cited ; they will enter into an inquisitorial
scrutiny ; and not cease till they have learned
and exposed the names of every elector who
opposed the glorious cause. We understand that
there are many non-resident voters in, and about, the
metropolis. If so, we conjure them to hasten to the
poll; to lose not a day, not an hour, in their endea-
vours to emancipate Northamptonshire. As the
,I,4essings of the Reform Bill come home to all, so
nould all do their utmost to support it. If it were
merely a question of party, from the gain or loss of
which the people would reap little or no benefit,
the case would be different; but it is a question
n w hich the dearest and best interests of the com-
munity are involved; a question by the success of
which the condition of every individual, no matter
how insignificant he may think himself, will be
&meliorated. Surely then that man is an ideot, who,
when the opportunity of advancing his interests is
presented to him, suffers the golden moment to
escape,aud the stream of good fortune to glide by him
unnoticed !

Electors of Northampton, to your post--to your
post. What business have you in London, when
you should be fighting the battle of freedom in your
Own county ? Away with you, one and all, to the
field of honour. There is not a moment to lose.
Time presses : the boroughmongers are desperate :
and one vote—one single vote—may decide the
contest.

We doubt whether the approaching anniversary
of Mr. PITT'S birth-day will boast of a large share
of intellect. There is a strong suspicion abroad
that the " Pilot who 'weathered the storm" would
have dealt more fairly by his country, if he had paid
the expense of his own wars, instead of throwing it
Upon the shoulders of a suffering posterity. Thanks
to the schoolmaster, the public have awoke from a
long dream, and henceforth continental wars, oppres-
sive taxes, and Bank Restriction Bills will no longer
--through the agency of borough mongers—be thrust
down John Bull's throat. From the date of a re-
formed Parliament this great country will own no
Pilot" that will plunge us into war without the
means of paying for it. There will, in future, be no
Bank Restriction Bills—no plundering of the public
creditor by means of a false paper money ; no
public swearing that twenty-one shillings and twenty-
seven shillings are one and the same thing : all will
be plain, smooth, and above-board. Still there is a
knot of Statesmen who yet worship Mr. PITT and
his principles; and for their instruction we now beg
to place under their noses the opinion of a practical
man as to one of Mr. PITT'S great measures—the
Bank Restriction Bill. It is taken from a recent
pamphlet, entitled ." Papers picked up at Sea
relating to the Question of Currency and Banking;"
and in allusion to it the author thus indignantly ex-
resses himself :—" Of all the curses that can light

upon a commercial nation—worse than any of the
plagues of Egypt—lice, locusts, or the murrain
►mongst cattle—is the curse of having no common
ntelligible standard, or measure of value : for
State capriciously to alter the standard is the nex►
worse thing to having no standard at all ; it is to
derange and scatter to the winds all security in the
contracts between man and man."

We have received the entire of the Paris Jour-
nals of Tuesday, the Gazette de France and illes-
sager des Chambres, dated yesterday, and a vast
[lumber of other Continental Journals. Their con-
tents are not important. The Augsburg Gazette,
on the authority of letters from Berlin, confirms the
accounts of the retreat of the Russians. The re-
volt in Turkey was becoming general, and had be-
gua to excite alarm at Vienna. The Funds re-
mained nearly stationary at Paris.
FRESCO FUNDS,-PARIS, MAY 17.-Five per Cents., 91f.
15c. 30c. 25c. 30c. 25c. 20c. 15c. 10c. sc. 15c. 25c. 15c. 30c. 15c.
30c.; New Loan, 91f. 2.5 c. 50c. 30c. 45c. ; Three per Cents.' 65f.
50c. 25c. 65f. 65f. 15c. 25c. 40c. 2,c. 30c. 40c. 30c. 64f. .90c. 65f. 65E
sc. 20c. 10e. 15c. :30c. 40c. ; Bank Actions, 1,615 f. 1,620 f. 1,6:.5f. ;
Rente de Naples, 73f. 10c. 20c. 25e. ; Rente d'Espagne, 13 ;
Royal Spanish Loan, 671. i ; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne,
55% 56 55% % % %'.4 % 36 ; Haytian Loan, 2P..5f. ; Ea_
change on London, one month, paper, 2.5 f 15c. ; money, 2.5 i.
10c. ; three months, paper, 25f. ; money, 24f. 95c.

The following are extracts from Brussels and
German Papers received this morning :

BRUSSELS, MAY 16.—Yesterday morning, at three
o'clock, 500 Dutch troops sallied from the citadel of Ant-
werp, and took possession of Fort St. Laurent. This
affair has caused a great sensation at Antwerp. The
Dutch flag is flying on the ramparts of the fort. From
that position they can sweep all the environs ; they have
cut through the causeway to Boom ; they have pallisaded
it, and are now busy in fortifying it. Only a knowledge
of the place can give a notion of the importance of this
position. According to general opinion the fort was
neutral. The causeway of Boom has always been fi
(vented by the Belgians. The fort was not occupied by
the Dutch on the 21st of November, or for a long time
before that date. We shall see whether such a violation
of the armistice will be allowed.

The city of Antwerp is perfectly tranquil, the theatre
is much frequented, though it is opposite the citadel, the
guns of which are pointed towards it, but people accustom
themselves to any thing.
BRUSSELS, MAY 17.—General Billiard and Mr. White,
secretary to Lord Ponsonby, set out yesterday for Antwerp,
the object of their journey is supposed to be to prevent the
effects of the violation of the armistice committed at Ant-
werp by the Dutch.

The deputation sent to London returned yesterday.
A British Cabinet me.senger arrived here yesterday
afternoon, and repaired to the residence of the Regent.
VIENNA, MAY 7.-4 per Cent. Aletalliques 71. ; Bank
Shares, 1,014.

The German Papers to the 14th of May contain: no fur.
tier news from Poland.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Letters have been received this morning from Antigua,
dated the Ist of April, from which we learn that one
man had been hung, and the Court-martial was sitting un
twelve others. A sloop of war, and a transport with
troops, had arrived there from Barbadoes. All was quiet
at the above period.
The following Order of the Day was sent to all the
Generals of Divisions in the Belgian army -
(EXTRACT. )
. _ _

" Threatened on one side by the German Confederation,
and on the ether by the Dutch troops which still occupy
several points of our territory, which the armistice alone
prevents us from expelling them, tie Belgian Government
is obliged to prepare for war; also to organise all the corps
of the army, and to establish a discipline equal to the
courage of which it has given an example."
- Letters from t! e frontiers of Holland state, that the
Dutch army has been put on the war footing, and the ac-
counts from Luxemburg speak of a Protocol which limits
the Ist of June for the Belgians to give up the Grand
Duchy. The Belgians, on their side, are preparing for
hostilities.

The French Papers state, that the cholera morbus has
appeared in Gallicia. A letttr from Tarnopol announces
its appearance in that town and some other places on the
Russian frontiers. The people die so fast, that it is with
much difficulty they can bury them. The whole of the
circle of Chorostlow is encumbered with dead bodies, as
is also that of Culozn.

A report prevailed at Warsaw that the Russians have
been forced to evacuate Ostrolenka with considerable
loss of men. Nothing of importance had occurred.
The Poles were determined not to give a general battle to
the Russian*, but wished to draw theta towards Warsaw,
as the position of Praga, which has of late been at
strongly fortified, would prove most advantageous to the
Poles in case of it general attack from the Russims.
