It!ge,

i,cp-A,5-4,,700
/12 ,/A,72,

( o. 12,(i88.1

IMPERIAL BRAZILIAN MINING ASSOCIATION.
Winchester House, Broad-street, May 9, 1833.
NOTICE is hereby given, that a DIVI-
DEND of THREE POUNDS FIFTEEN SHIL-
LINGS per SHARE was declared to-day at the HALF
YEARLY GENERAL MEETING of the PRO
PRIETORS, and that the same wII be in course of
payment at this office, on Monday the 27th instant, and
following days (Sunday excepted) between the hours of
ten and two, to the Proprietors of Shares, who appeared
as such in the books of the Association on the 15th of
April last. L. J. SIMOENS, Secretary.
Printed orders for ~he payment of Dividends, may be
had on application at the Office.

In a few da}s. in 3 vols. post Svo.
WiTALTZBUR G H;
A TALE of the SIXTEENTH CENTURY.
. . .

Whittaker, Treacher, and Co., Ave Maria-lane.

COMMON COUNCIL.

A Court of Common Council was held yesterday
for the purpose of considering the report of the
Day and Night Police Committee for an application
to Parliament for an Act to consolidate the day
police and the nightly watch of the City.—The
Court was very numerously attended.
The London Bridge Committee presented a re-
port for sealing a bond to the Bank for the advance
of the further sum of 50,0001. for the purposes of
the Bridge and its approaches, which was agreed to,
and the bond sealed.
The Court, upon another report from that Com-
mittee, dirt- cted the payment of 800/. into the
Bank, in the case of a defect in the title to premises
purchased for the purposes of the approaches to the
bridge.
Several petitions were presented, and referred to
different Committees for consideration.
Mr. Alderman `Noon then brought forward the
report of the Police' Committee, and, after ex-
plaining his views and opinions thereon, concluded
by moving that the Court agree therewith.
Mr. Deputy PEACOCK seconded the proposition.
Mr. EYTON, of Cornhill Ward, supported the
measure. .

Mr. Deputy ANGELL opposed it.
Mr. LEGG, after entering into various objec-
tions to the proposed measure, moved the previous
question, which was seconded by Mr. Deputy
Hicks.
Mr. CHARLES PEARSON then addressed the Court
at considerable length, in favour of some Bill being
brought into Parliament for consolidating the Dry
and Night Police of the City upon the principles
detailed in the draft of the Bill, but by confining
the assessment to ninepence in the pound, instead
of one shilling, as therein proposed, and that the
assessments should be made on the basis of the

sewers' rate.
The report was supported by Mr. Jones, Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Pritchard, and Mr. Deputy Tickner,
and opposed by Mr. Deputy Corney ; and several
other members being desirous to speak upon the
question, the further debate was agreed to be ad-
joutned to this day, when the Lord Mayor will hold
another Court, at one o'clock.

.._
t,..,,,.„
~.........1
..,4 4.) (."---
t., A....%
r %It -...
/ , em".• - /.. -V.-i /.
' ' '
1.._ - - I , "•• /••••,r...
.....i,
,• • . -7-:._. -•/ 1, -, ,-.,-71S- ~►. .
•
•., . •
~"
v ,
/0\1..',„
„:..Y '..!::,'
_...4.4' .--
,7'''-' '----....___
...
.., .
"• - - V../•'''' ' :,': ...14,r'r.A. ---1----N 6,4 , "". '"", • '"us, ' . Vt.
.
, ~ , ,
, , \,. •
4.1 Z- • .
'
'r /* •
e,........----
„,-.......,„,„,..
• ' '44 ~ I,- -
L-----,'
“-•
+
\.: -_ -,L11,4.-_--
..•
4.. 1),
-'l!'
ki• k <,,,. , ~t ,--7,,-.,„
~. •0 , , i.---. 4:,:;," ' ,'" - 4:4) a.
•,. , i-:-.7' ,4, jlf -' - '
___ ::::', a
• 4
C.
~,,
____;B'-N.*--''',l:4r7H°4'' i,.., . _,-- ,
~, ' 1 -11Pli' •,-v_ii.„'. N; • -'Sil, "-1,. -)11.0 _IN 4, ''
° if 7.1.-14/

THE QUEEN'S DRAWING-ROOM.

( ()RICE 71).)

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

Eder Maje'ty held her Fourth Drawing-Room this season
sterdav, which was more numerously attended than any

os year.
The Dukes of Orleans and Brunswick came to the
',lace in two of the King's carriages, attended by their

ef,,pective suites.
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, accompa-
aied by his Serene Highness the Prince of Leiningen,
,od attended by Lady Charlotte St. Maur, Sir John
C:nroy, and Sir George Anson, came in state to the
Drawing-room, escorted by a party of Lite Guards. The
Duke of Gloucester came in state, attended by Colonel

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAr 9.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his seat on the
:oolsack a few minutes after five o'clock,
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented a petition
'• tun a parish in Somersotshire, praying for the better ob-
•:rvance of the Sabbath, and the better regulation of the
ieer.shops. Also a petition from certain Methodists in
he county of Durham, complaining of certain hardships
,hey at present underwent.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions for the
total and immediate abolition of slavery.
Lord SUFFIELD presented one hundred petitions to
the same effect, including fifty from Methodists in the
,aunty of York.
The Duke of GORDON presented a petition from the
physicians of Aberdeen, against the Apothecaries Act.
Laid WYNFORD presented a petition from the mer•
chants and ()Vier inhabitants of the hundred of Blackheath,
Igainst the 19th section of the Local Jurisdiction Bill.

iiggins and four other Officers of his Household; his
;:iydi Highness and the Duchess of Kent entered the
',dace by the Standard Court Yard, and were received
ith the usual honours by the King's Guard.
The Dukes of Odeans and Brunswick were introduced

•,) the. Queen, conducted by Sir R. Chester. the Mater of
he Ceremonie:, as were the Noblemen and Gentlemen of

heir suite.

In attendance on the Duke of Ode.mt were

Lord DELAWARR presented pt titions from parishes
the county of C imbridge, against the Labour Rate 8111.
On Lord AUCKLAND moving that the House resolve
itself into a Committee on the Cotton Duties Bill,
Lord ELLENBOROUGH rrfet red to the measure by
which the tax on raw cotton was irnpos-d in 1831, and
to the proposal which was then made, but not adopted, to
increase the duty upon East India cotton also. From
the refusal to impose the duty, a'great advantage had arisen
to the manufacturer, as was proved by the increased im-
port, as well as the improved quality of the article. Small
as the duty now was, he thought a further considerable
advantage would he gained by its total removal.
The Earl of RIPON would be one of the last men to
”ppose any measure for eneourag.og our imports from the
E,st Indies ; but he thought the duties on East India
produce had now been reduced so low, that a further re-
duction would not increase the consumption.
Lord ELLENBOROUGU would take that opportunity
of calling attention to anoth-r of the duties laid on in
1831 ; he meant the wine duties. The result had proved
that instead of producing an increase to the revenue, it had
created a loss of 5,0001. The comforts of the people had
been diminished by the change, and the revenue bad
gained nothing.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE sail, that the wine
duties had not yet had a fair trial since the alteration was
mad:. He vindicated the course pursued by the Govern-
ment with regard to the revenue, and said that the in
crease of the duty on cotton was adopted to enable them
to take off that on printed calicoes, which had proved so
beneficial to the trade.

tlo. Duke de Valencay, Duke tie 11loritmorency, General
13 unhand, General Alarbot, M. Bois Milor, Count de St.
Prie,t, and Count Louis de Noailles. In attendance on
,he Duke of Brunswick were Baron de Bulow Mend..
:.iusen, Chamberlain to his Serene Ilighne,s, and Major
his Aide-de-Camp.
The Count de Pourtales, Chamberlain to his Prussian
klajesty, w,s presented to the Queen by Baron Buh,w,
the Prussian Minister.
Bolin de Doernberg was presented by the 11 ivarian
Minister. . . _

Monsieur Gorostizi, the Mexican Minister, had an ati,

iience of her Majesty, to which he was introduced by the
E trl of Denbigh, as Lord Chamberlain, and conducted 1))i
7:ir Robert Chester, the Master of the Ceremonies. His

Excellency took leave of the Queen.
Baron Sternberg, Chamberlain to the Emperor of his.
. - .

i, was presented by Prince Lieven, the Ruo•ian Ani•-
r:sador. The Baron was presented to the King at the

Levee on Wednesday.
Madame Gorostiza, the lady of the Mexican Minister,

rook leave of the Queen.
M. Garro, Charge d'Affaires of the States of Mex'co,
tod M. T. Valdivielso, Secretary of the Mexican Leptiun,

wire presented by the Mexica❑ Minister.
Count Saudor was presented by Baron de Neumann, the
Austrian Charge d'Affaires.
Count Limburg Stirum was presented by the Dutch
mister.

Captain de Wis 34, of the Hanoverian S•aff. wag pre-
sented by Baron d'Orripteda, the Hanoverian Alini,ter:

The Princess Augusta was attended by the Lady id
Waiting.
The Queen was attended by—
The Earl of Denbigh, L.,rd Chamberlain ; Lady Brown.
.tv, Lady in Waiting; Miss de Roos and Miss Mitchell,

. ,
MAids of Honour in—Waiting ; the Duchess Dowager of
Leeds, Mistress of the Robes; hlirchioness Well 'ley,
Marchioness of Westmeath,and Countess of Miyo, Ladies
f the Bedchamber ; Miss Bigot, Hope Johnstone.;
ryi Miss Eden, Maids of Honour ; Lady Gore, Lady

Wemyss, Mrs. B. Paget ; Hnu. Captain king, Etumrry;

11r. Cotton, Gentleman Quarterly Usher; and Mt.

Lord AUCKLAND made an observation as to the de-
crease in the impart of wines, which we could not dill.
tincrly
The Bill went through Committee, and was ordered to
be reported.
Lord AUCKLAND moved the second reading of the
Tiles Duty Bill. _ . .

son, Resident Gentleman Usher.
His Majesty was attended by the Great Officers of State
and the Officers of his Household.

The Queen received first those who have the privilege:
of the entre, among whom were—
The Russian Amhivesador and Princess Lieven, the
French Ambassador and the Duchess de Dino, the Neapo-

Earl DELAWARR expressed au apprehension that
large tiles used in draining would not come within the
weaning of the 8111.
Lord AUCKLAND said that the Bill reduced the duty
upon " all tiles."
The Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed to-morrow.—Adjcurned.

.itan Minister and Countess Ludolf, the Bavarian Minister
and B atones@ Cetto, the Prussian Minister and the Baro-
ness Bohm, the Wirtemberg Minister, the Mexican Mini-
ster and Madame Gorostiza ; the Hanoverian, B lgian,
S ixon, and Brazilian Ministers; the Sardinian, United
States, Austrian, Spanish, and Turkish Charges d'Affaires;
the Dutch Special Envoy ; Count Dunhoff, Secretary to
the Prussian Legation; Chevalier Vanvitelli, Secretary
to the Neapolitan Legation; the Chevalier Lisboa, Secre-
t ry to the Bras limn Legation ; M. de Hummer/auer,
Count de Reichberg, and Captain Bruer, Secretaries of
the Austrian Embassy; Count Wachtmeister, Swedish
Horse Artillery ; Count d'Aceto; the Archbishop of
Armagh; the First Lord of the Treasury; the Post-
master General; the Secretaries of State for the Foreign,
.d Colonial Departments; the Paymaster of the Forces,
the Lord Chamberlain ; the Groom of the Stole ; the
Lord Ste Nard, the Master of the Horse ; the Captain of
the Yeomen of the Guard ; the Commander of the
Forces ; the Earl of Lichfield, Master of the King's Buck
Hounds; the Marquis of Cholmondeley, Deputy Great
Chamberlain; the Bishop of Worcester, Clerk of the
Chiset ; the Secretary at War ; Viscount Combermere,
Gold Stick in Waiting; the Treasurer of the Household ;
the Comptroller of the Household ; the MAter of the
tt.ibes; the Master of the Ceremonies; Sir Mit hew
Tierney, Physician to the King; Mr. Under (Foreign)
Secretary 13aukhouse ; Lord Elphinstione, Lord in Wai'-
urg Colonel Bowater, Equerry in Waiting ; the Groom
of the Robes ; Alderman Birch.
Among the general company were—
Dux ES —Ne wcastle, Bedford, Argyll, Dorset, Grafton,
Not folk.
Ducaresszs—Northumberland, Bedford, Gordon, Ha-
milton.

MA RQUlSES—Conyngliam, Abercorn, Downehire, Wa-
terford, Bute, Bath, Westmeath.
INlAncirrotiEsses—Clanricarde, Conyngham, Abercorn,
Bute, Downshire, Cornwallis.
EA RLS —Bandon, Winchilsea, Harewood, Lonsdale,
Granville, Lichfield, Aboyne, Atterdeen, Cadogan, Leer-
pool, Harewood, Lincoln, De awarr, Wicklow, D ,rts
mouth, Normanton, Beauchamp, Fitzwilliatn, C oven,
Sandwich, Hillsborough, Mansfield, Charletnont, Belmore,
Wilton, Morley, Langford, Glengall, Clow-net, Meath,
Courtown, Beverley, Brownlow, Haddington.
CouNTESSES—Winchilsea, Harewood, Lonsdale, Gran-
ville, Longford, Mountnorris, Bandon, Bilmoie, Albe-
rtville, Lincoln, Dowager Guilford, Ashburnham, Dar-
itngton, Beauch imp, Clontnel, Charlemont, Antrim,
Dartmouth, Grosvenor, Nelson, NewburA, Delawarr,
Wicklow, Meath, Glengall, Mansfield, Haddington.
VIiCOUNTS—CIive, Ashbrook, Chelsea, Bernard, Dil-
lon, Hawarden, Milton, Ficzharris, Cole, Encombe.
VISCOUNTESSES—Gage, Comber mere, Dillon, Bernard,
Allen, Fitzharris, Encombe.
'Amps—Bloomfield, Dundas, Arden, Byron, Clifford,
Din 'then, Ktlmaine, Eli sank, Clarina, Cranstoun, Tula.
inure, Cloubrock, Crofton, George Quin, Bridp irt, Oseul-
ston, Bagot, Rolle, Carbery, Auckland, A. Hill, Clements,
A. Lennox, Charles Russell, A. Chichester, J. S. Churchill,
l'ernplernore, Howard, De Dunstanville, Teynharn, E.
Thynne, Mahon, Grosvenor.
BlSHOPS—Worcester, Hereford, Bristol, Rochester,
Chichester.
LAntzs —Augusta Cotbon, Lucy Clive, Follies, NN rot.
,sley, (4) Mortons, Byron, Whitshed, Manners, Aliiis,
C-cilia Underwood, Wrottrsl.y, Clarioa, Elinor Ash-
ournharn, Hill, E. Cornwallis, Slade, Tierney, Seymour,
Quentin, E. Lowther, Farquhar, Waterpark, Philips,
Male, Hall, Duw. Kinloch, Davy, Briiiport, E. Fielding,
Grey, Hulse, Rolle, Laura Fitzroy, 'lady, E. M. Mac-
Gregor, Dow. Kilataiue, Cumming, Herries, E. Berkeley,
Sc.,urton, Tullamore, De Dunstanville, Scrooge, Mary
Berkeley, Dinorhen, Kilmaine, E. Tbynne, L. Cornwallis,
Georgians Leveson Gower, Owen, BLit:l:etc, Cotre, S.
Cost, Eleanor Balfour, Grey Egerton (4) Murrays,
D.cre, Emily Foley, Beauchamp Proctor, Lambert, A.
King, J. Blatchford, August r Powlett, C. Hill, H. Ber-
oard, J. Scott, Thorold, M. Nionck, Curtis, C. Somerset,
J. Kerr, Dillon, Jane Walsh, Antrohus, Smith, Ramsden,
C. Dundas, Clontirock, F. L. Fitzwilliarn, A Cost, Cecil
Delafield, H. Hamilton, M. Thompson, Jane Ashburn-
,am, Berkeley, (2) Jenkinsons, Horne, Rodd, Cod, ington,
Dufferin, Rice, Teyuham, Beresford, Cockburn, (2) Clin-
ons, Georgians Russell, Charlotte Hill. Dow. L angford,
D. Cordon, Dow. Cawdor, M. Fitzroy, Hamilton.
Mrsysrssxs.—W. Comae, Watts Russell, Sotheron,
Elliott, Arbuthnot, Henry Charles Hoare, General Wnite,
Elwood, Backhouse, Charles Mills, L. Fox, Colonel lc
Cooteur, Cox, Fox Talbot, Francis Baring, S.lnaoui-,
Edward Holland, H. Wells, Cornwall Legb, Bunton
il,nnett, Seymour Blane, Dawson, W. Barron, Christ-
mas, R. Bandon, John Foley, Balfour, Sanderson, Ntq,letit,
It. Colborne, Jodrell, Gibson, Broadhead, Whittnore,
y
t,GI
le,,eaGee ornprei
oegrTrna:
hl HBriov
ecannkhkenmet
:agbonerriet,i:S.dnNai
r.titdorh maneyd; y:Whitbread,A,H\.solnta:
li.hlys,u:orniriiir
Purcell,
O'Brien,
eTEIi
Bacon,
:nrie::H.Jn..ll:;NE}Fv.
n 1
ntraril
,oantle, J. H. Vivian, G. Tudor, E. Estcourt, Gardiner,
Miles, Lowth, Peers, J. Cockburn, Dallas, H. Bentinck,
rhislethwayte, Hea.thcote (2),Bouveries, O'Grady,Godsall
Disbrowe.
Misses—Gage, Cotton, Eleanor Light, Arbuthnot,
Nlorier, E. Bouverie, Lowther, Stronge, Kinloch, Watts
Russell, Disney, Caroline Crompton, Harriet Legb,
ilurrav, Maria Murray, Godson, Armir, Caroline
Bouverie (two), Northeys, Farquhar, J. Cavendish, Ann
Sybella Farquhar, (three) Stanleys, De Vrref
Alundys, Wrottesley, R. Lowth, Mil,s, I
C'allrea Smith,
Charlotte Ramsden, Mary Wrottesley,
.3rooke, Berkeley, Emily Baring,
Blake, Hope,
i3eauchamp,
Emily W8IP°1" Scotts Long, Fountaine
Whitmore, Cummiog, (two)
Isabella Richardson, Jasburg
rierney, Cuckburo, Dem
e, Thistlet wayte, Elizabeth
Bul ere, Ramsdell, Shipley,
Fountaine, Lee,' (two)
ft Harbert, Finch Batton, J. Curtis, Broadhead,
iltvenscro b
allnliiecoeatst
jtS,,::C:akw:opl line
HarrietE l i e ,
