THE SL'N, LONDON, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, is A.

verbose, and as ridiculously vehement, as his
finest published specimens in the same strain.
The only omission we detected in it of any, subject
.past, present, 'or to come, was HALLEY s comet,
and
I the rail-roads. The speech was ostensibly on the
subject of Spanish affairs, but the Noble Marquis did
not forget DANIEL O'CONNELL—the Established
Church—the House of Lords as an object of Parlia-
mentary Reform—Louts PHlLLippE—the cam-
paigns of the Duke of WELLINGTON in Spain—
the murder-ii!fection that had seized 'upon the British
legion—the Dutch Protocols—the Bishop of L EON—
MENDIZABAL's finance plans—and his own feelings
as a soldier. All this was vastly amusing in its way ; bur
looking beyond the mere laughter-provoking import of
the Speech, it was unquestionably a great interruption
of Parliamentary business. But even for this, Lord
MELBOURNE'S speech in answer offers ample compen-
sation ; and we do believe will materially advance the
QUEEN'S interests in this country. The Premier, at
the very outset, proved that the Duke of WELLING-
TON had gone to greater lengths, in advocating
the assistance to be given to the QUEEN, than
the Cabinet which had agreed to the Quadruple Treaty ;
while, at the same time, he proved that what had been
advanced with respect to the influence and the humanity
of Don CARLOS, was as baseless as the justice of his
pretensions to the Spanish Crown. His Lordship
also defended the British Legion from the unjust and
malicious aspersions that had been cast upon it ; and
even stated that the Volunteers conducted themselves
in such a manner as might have done honour
to the troops commanded by the Noble Marquis
himself, when engaged in the late Peninsular war.
This is, indeed, high praise ; and we trust that our
brave countrymen, now under the command of General
EVANS will not forfeit' a syllable of it during the
campaign. The return moved for by the Marquis of
LONDONDERRY, which included "all warlike stores,
clothing, accoutrements, arms, ammunition, artillery,
Congreve rockets, and also of all naval, stores
of every description, furnished to the QUEEN
of Spain by- Great Britain, stating the value
of the same, and if any and what payments had
been made for the same ; likewise, a return of the
mines, rank, and number of officers upon the half-pay
of the British service at present serving in the army of
the Queen of SPAIN," was agreed to by the Govern-
ment without the slightest opposition.

The LORD CHANCELLOR brought forward in the
House of Lords, last night, a measure for consoli-
dating the jurisdiction of the several Ecclesiastical
Courts into one Civil Court, and separating the spiri-
tual functions from those of a civil character. His
Lordship's proposition was, that a Central Metropoli-
tan Court be established, tinder the name of his Ma-
jesty's Court of Probate, which is to have authority
in all testamentary, matrimonial, and civil and crimi-
nal matters, as respects defamation, &c., and also over
the personal effects of individuals deceased ; while, as
regards purely spiritual matters, these are to be dis-
posed of by the Bishop of each diocese, with assessors.
There were some other points on which his Lordship
suggested improvements, for which we refer our readers
to our Parliamentary report. Taken as a whole, his
proposition is an excellent one, and will go far to
remedy all that trouble, perplexity, and confusion
which has so long prevailed in the system of eccle-
siastical jurisdiction. One valuable suggestion in it
we must not omit to notice—namely, that where his
Lordship proposes that there shall be but appeal from
the Central Court, to the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council.

The important question of Orange Lodges was
brought before the House of Commons last night in
two separate motions, the first of which was made by
Mr. FINN, and the last by INTr. HUME ; when, on
the recommendation of Lord J. RUSSELL, all further
discussion on the subject was adjourned until the 23d
instant. We are glad to find that there appears at
length a fair prospect of having this question tho-
roughly and impartially investigated. A more mo-
mentous one, as respects the destinies of Ireland,
cannot possibly come before the British Legislature.
Every one knows the calamities which the Orangemen,
for years and years past, have been the means of in-
flicting on the sister-country. Not in one channel
only, but in a thousand minute, subtle ones, has their
disastrous influence been actively at work. The army
—the magistracy—the police-force—and even the
august judgment-teat itself,- have been polluted by it.
It has poisoned national feeling at its fountain-head ;
disorganized the social system ; invaded the peace
of private families ; set the parent against the
child, and the child against the parent ; widened
the breach between Catholic and Protestant ; set
all the sympathies of our common nature at de-
fiance
; and converted even religion itself into a curse.
A world of mischief the Orange system has perpe-
trated in Ireland, while professing to be actuated by
none but the noblest motives. With peace and good-
will towards nten on its lips, its conduct has invaria-
bly been that of immitigable malignity. Holding
forth the Bible in one hand, it has never failed to ex-
hibit in the other, du: whip and the branding-iron.
Ireland has many grievances to be redressed ; but none
that require a prompter remedy than those entailed on
on her by the Orangemen. 'Till the ascendancy sys-
tem be torn up by the roots, she can entertain no just
hope of tranquillity. Here lies the fruitful source of
her sufferings. This is the spring whence the baleful
stream flows that desolates her fairest lands. Lord
JOHN RUSSELL spoke fairly enough on the subject,
observing that when it came formally on for
discussion, he "should be prepared to show his rea-
sons for thinking that the House ought to express its
opinion car the nature and tendency of Orange Lodges
in Ireland. He should be ready to propose two reso-
lutions expressive of his views on the subject. He did
not, by any means, preclude himself from supporting
any motion which might be introduced respecting other
Secret Societies, for he was an enemy to all Secret
Societies."

The question put last night by Mr. WA L LACE,
and the replies given by Mr. LABOUCHERE, mill be
extremely gratifying to the whole country. At last
the Post-Office is to be placed under the controul and
management of a Board—for this is the only thing for
which Mr. WALLACE has so long contended, and the
only possible construction that can be put upon
what Mr. LABOUCHERE said. From the terms he
used as to the Packet S!ations, there can be little
doubt of the truth of the allegations against the Packet
Department, otherwise Mr. LABOUCHERE would have
at once seen it to have been but justice to con-
tradict the reports ; or, at any rate, to say
something in mitigation of them. The Reports, how-
ever, of the Post-Officc. .commissioners will soon be
before the public ; and while
,we see every reason to
believe that these will be ample and satisfactory, and
highly creditable to the Commissioners, we cannot but
congratulate the public on the success of Mr. WAL-
LACE'S persevering exertions, and on the certainty of
one at least of our Representatives being alive to, and
willing to make the most of the Reports of the Com-
missioners, after they are in possession of the Mem•
bers of the House of Commons.

A 9 to the third question put by Mr. WALLACE,
we do not profess to know much of the harbour of
Port Patrick ; but we ever heard it spoken of as A

Rross job, being a place utterly unfitted for a sale
harbour, and not a whit the better of having bad some
hundred and fifty thousand pounds of the public money
thrown into the sea.

While on this subject, we are anxious to suggest to
the Commissioners of Inquiry, and to the POSTMAS-
TER GENERAL, a very convenient mode of forwarding
the Sunday letters, lk ithout occasioning much trouble
to the Post-office, till a complete reform of the whole of
that Department has taken place, under the superin-
tendence of the new Board of Commissioners. Our
suggestion is this :—!et the Sunday letters be sorted for
the different lines of roads, and told at the General
Post-office ; let these be sent to the Forward-offices,
such as. Barnet, Hounslow, "Waltham Cross, &c., one
hour before the departure of the Londo❑ Mails, there
to be taxed and charged by the Deputy Postmasters,
who already perform this service in the case of all let-
ters put into their respective boxes. The letters would
be thus received at their several destinations one
day sooner, with a trouble to the Post-office
scarcely worth mentioning—at the utmost, conveyances
and all, would not cost more than at the rate of 2001.
per annum. We would here ask, why are not all let-
ters addressed to Members of the Legislature for-
warded on Sunday mornings to the Houses of Parlia-
ment, to be there delivered to every Member who may
choose to apply for them ? Surely it is as important
that each branch of the Legislature should have the
earliest intelligence, as that the privilege should be
only extended to a few public offices. The trouble,
as far as the Post-office is concerned, would be just
the same, and the Houses of Parliament might each
appoint a clerk, for the delivery of their respective
letters.

The whole of the Paris papers of Thursday have
been received. On Wednesday afternoon, the PREsI-
DENT'S second Message- to Congress, recommending
a Non-intervention Act, and preparations for hostili-
ties, on the part of the United States, was communi-
cated to the Government by telegraph from London.
The funds fell one halfpercent. in consequence; but they
again rose, and suffered no further depression. The
majority of the Journals of Thursday state their con-
viction that there will be no war ; that Congress will
not sanction the threats of the PRESIDENT; and that
the whole affair will serve admirably to restore the Ex-
Ministers to office. The timid will be appealed to ;
and as the Doctrinaires are not " men of blood," a
strong sympathy will thus be excited in their favour.
The Constitutionnel sees nothing in the language of
the PRESIDENT, but a denunciation of the Minis-
terial career of DE BROGLIE and his colleagues.
The late Cabinet, observes this Journal, was the
sole disturber of the harmony which existed be-
tween France and the United States. The Debats
treats the question of actual *war as ridiculous ; but
adds, that it is as well to be prepared for the worst.
how
the
President's Moniteur du Commerce cannot
i
percesiv personally Ie
President's Message can affect the choice of any
Ministry. The Kiso, however,
desirous of restoring his late Ministers to office, has,
it is reported, coquetted with M. DUPIN, in order to
form a coalition Cabinet, which would include MM.
THIERS, GUIZOT, and DUCIIATEL. Such a co_
alition was deemed impossible by M. DUPIN, and
thus the affair rests for the present. It is possible
that the re-construction of the French Cabinet will not
take place before the beginning of the ensuing weer.
The following extracts include the whole of the Fo-
reign intelligence in the Paris Journals :

PARIS, FEB. lO.—A letter from Barcelona, of Feb. 2, says—
" General Mina seems to aim at making himself popular;
he often walks on the Rambla, sometimes alone, sometimes
with his wife, and always in civil costume.

" The news of the dissolution of the Cortes has produced
some sensation here.

" Mina has just organized the forces iu Catalonia, in the
following manner :—Seven brigades, under the command of
Guerra, Aspiroz, Magras, Sebastian, Montero, Niu►,o, Osorio ;
seven battalions of free corps—the Ist brigade' will occupy
Tarragona and the Priorat ; the 2d, La Montag:le ; the ad,
Grona and Figueiras ; the 4th, Lerida and Talarri ; the sth,
Tortosa ; the 6th, Cervera-Segarra ; the 7th, ETarraguira.
" 17,000 muskets, and 690,000 gun-flints, sent by England,
were landed at Barcelona on the Ist of this month.

" Candero, the editor of the Catalan, has been conveyed to
Alicant, after having disclosed to Mina the whole conspir.:cy
of the sth and 6th January.
PARIS, FEB. i I.—WC are, not able to give this morning the
text of the Message of President Jackson, but what the
English Journals say of it sufficiently indicate the nature of it.
It will be seen (by the extracts from the English Papers) that
the warlike demonstration of General Jackson has produced
very little effect in London. The official annolincemeat pub-
lished by the Government is in the following terms :
" The Government has received to-eay the following tele-
graphic dispatch :
" London, Feb. 9, half-past two o'clock in the morning
" The Ambassador of France to the Minister for Foreign

Affairs.

" President Jackson addressed on the 19th January a
Message to the Congress, recommending the adoption of a
law to close the American ports against French vessels.' "
Moniteur.

A letter from Bayonne of the 6th of February contains the
following paragusph :—" In an exchange of prisoners which
has just taken place at Vittoria, the Carlists having fewer by
fifteen than the Christinos, Gen. Cordova nevertheless deli-
vered up the whole in his hands, on the word of honour of the
Carlist Officer to deliver an equal number of prisoners on the
first opportunity ; Cordova then invited the Carlist Chief to
dine with him, and the Officers of the Christinos likewise gave
a dinner to the Carlist Officers. However; as they were about
to depart, the populace seeming disposed to rise, the Carlist
Commander, in order to avoid all cause of disorder, made
known this state of things to Gen. Cordova, who immediately
gave him an escort of fifty Lancers, under whose protection
the Carlist prisoners left the City without anything happening
to them. When they arrived at the place where it was agreed
that they should separate, the two parties took leave of each
other crying, " Till we meet again."
The Gazette de France adds to the reports on 'Change,
that of an action between a Russian and an English ship of
the line. The former is stated to have been -burnt.
A letter from Toulon, of Feb. 6, says—" A sad report has
been spread here to-day, and it has so far gained credit that I
must mention it. We are assured that the Diligente corvette
Captain Burrall, has been lost on the coast near Leghorn.
A person worthy of credit has told me that he had seen a
letter in which the fact was positively stated. The -vessel is
said to have been wrecked on a sand-bank, so that the whole
crew was fortunately saved.

" The Toulon, Captain Daudin, is to go into the great
road this morning. It is certainly destined for the Levant,
and will take on board a French Charge de Affaires, who is
already here, and convey him to Athens. The Triton will
sail in a few days. We do not know whether this ship will
join Admiral Massieu's squadron, or whether the Suffrein will
return to port ; but we are glad that the Government is at
length attending to the affairs of Greece."—Messaycr,
February 10.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, FEBRUARY 11.
Five per Cents., 109 f. sc. 10ut f.:se.
Four per Cents., 1021.
Three per Cents. Sof. 15c. 20e. 60c. 50c.
Bank Actions, 2,l(it.f.
Reuse de ::spies, 9 I. 51c. 00c s:e.
Roman Five per Ccrim, lo(.
Spanish Actives, 0114 !i7i. -
Spanish Differes,
Passives, ISA .
Cortes Lo..n, 37%.
Royal Stianista I.oan,
Bente Prrpetuelle, 37%.
Belgian Loan. rive per Cents., 104 103 A. -
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., WE 25c.
filaytian Log.n, 4101.

EXCHANCE ON LONRON.
One month, riper, 25f. 50e. ; money, 23t 50
Three months, Flyer, 23f. 33e.; money, 2,3 f. 35e.
—emirs Authentique.

BOURSE, TIIREE o'CLocK.—The Three per Cents, have
almost entirely recovered from the effects of Yesterday's alarm,
created by the news from the United States. They opened
to-day at 80f. 25c., and have since risen to 80f. 40c.
No business is doing in Spanish securities, the prices of
which are a shade lower than yesterday.
It is positively asserted on 'Change that Marshal Maison
and M. 'Tiers will remain in the Cabinet. .

P. S. The new;;;above of the Ministry is c
55contra. ; Threediete
QUAkTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents.,lo9l.
per Cents., 80f. 55c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
-per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, 24i ; Gueb_
hards, —; Differes, l 81- ; New Loan, —;. Actives. 48-I ;
Passives, 15i ; Ducats, 99 7.5 ; Roman 3, 104 ; Pedros, —;
Belgians, 1031 ; Dutch, 56f. 25e. • flaytians, 410 f.
—...e. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; BelgiAn Bank, 131 ; Con-
tinuation, —a. ; Npw Pifferes, —; Five per Cent. Perpc-
tuelles, 37#; Royal Loan, ,-,,

New York Papers to the 231 ult. have been received.
On the 22d the House of Representatives was
thrown into a stake pf the tepst disorderly excitement,
in consequence pf Mr, APAAis having moved a reso-
lution to inquire
intg thy cause of the failure of the
Appropriation Bill, passed by the thlisP in the last

iession cif Congress, with a view to place the country I
in a state of defence. The Members attacked each
other in a strain of the most virulent personality ; and
on some occasions there were three orators audressing
the House at one and the same time. No regard
whatever was paid to the SPEAKER, whose vocifera-
tions of " Order !" were drowned in the commingled
yells and uproar of the spectators and the Members.
This scandalous scene, unparralleled in the memory of
the VICE-PRESIDENT, had not terminated when the
latest accounts published in the papers before us were
dispatched to New York.
The PRESIDENT'S late Message has had no effect on
the business transactions of the American merchants.
In New York, stocks instead of falling have advanced
.
in price, and the good citizens laugh at the idea of a
war between the Federal Government and France.
The news of the intervention of Great Britain has
reached the mercantile classes, though, till it be offi-
cially announced, the Government cannot be supposed
to be aware of the amicable intentions of this country.
This has inspired the greatest confidence in those
who wish for the continuance of peace with Europe.
Congress is still engaged with the Slavery question.
It is very doubtful whether the slaves will profit by
the discussions which their claims are undergoing.
The fact is, that Congress is stopped at the threshold,
by the question of whether it can claim a tight to abo-
lish slavery in any of the several States of the Union,
without the concurrence of the local legislatures of
such States? We are not disposed to speak harshly
of America, her people, or her Government ; but her
maintenance of slavery is a stain upon her, which ac-
tually disqualifies her from being placed on a social
footing-with the most absolute Monarchies in Europe
—Russia only excepted.

The Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Mexican
Republic, Don JOSE MARIA ORTIZ MONASTERN,
has addressed a note to Mr. FORSYTH, the United
States' Minister, complaining of the interference of the
subjects of the United States, in the affairs of
Texas, contrary to the letter and spirit of the treaty
between the two Governments. The Mexican Mi-
nister, in the name of his Government, requires the
restitution of the Mexican schooner-of-war, the Corr eo,
captured in the waters of Texas by the San Felipe, an
American merchant vessel, on the presumed charge of
piracy—a charge for which the Minister there had
not the least grounds. This document will be laid be-
fore Congress, and will be the means of eliciting the
opinions of the leading Members with respect to the
Texean insurrection.
