THE MARKETS.--(THIS DAY.)

HAY MARKETS.— At per Load of 36 Trusses,.
CUMBERLAND.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 10 to £4 15
New Meadow Hay 4 0 4 15
Useful Old Ditto
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye grass Hay 4 15 5 0
Cloi•er Hay 3 15 5 5
Oat Straw ...... ...... Z 1 Bto £1 10 1 Wheat Straw 1 12 1 13

SMI I'III,IELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 15 to £4 0
New Meadow Hay 4 5 5 o
Useful Old Ditto 4 10 4 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay
Clover Hay extra tine .25 10 Generally ~ ..,... 4 0 5 5
Oat Straw ll 4 toil 6 1 Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10
lIUNGERFORD.

Coarse Mea.low Hay ~ £5 lb to £4 0
New Meadow Hay 4 0 4 15
Useful Old Ditto 4 5 4 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye grass Hay . 0 0 5 0
Clover Hay 4 10 5 5
Oat Straw £0 oto £0 0 1 Wheat Straw

ORIENTAL MEMOIRS, BY JAMES FORBES,
Ese., 2 vols., Bvo.—The light which the permanently exist-
ing manners of the East throw upon the text of scripture, is
strongly concentrated in the pages of this work; and would
alone recommend it to favour. But their -*Am pleasing details
are replete with interest, and entitle':, to our best approbation.,
Mr. Forbes, from whose exte:Aded labours his accomplished
daughter and editor, the C'Antess de Montalembert, has framed
these two agreeable v',Aumes, travelled much over the world,
and sedulously stAied, during a long residence of seventeen
years in vario'..(s parts of India, men and things ; and this lite
rary nuraument to his fame may fairly be considered the es-
sence of his extraordinary researches.—Literary Gazette,
Dec G.

• THE SUN, LONDON TUESDAY, DECEVIBER 9 1834.
~.
it was in Roach's use, and had been taken out of the ' their evidence that the deceased had latterly ------•---'lbeen a girlyet
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. vain and useless, seeing that conjecture and specula- spurned by every respectable member of the coin- 01-1 „-.1 ,r-‘,. - -Tr -.%.
—.....—. tion must soon merge in certainty--though we do not munity, there must be an end of all improvement, .0' Li tf ki A 11 ir
A,Di I(IiN
T
J. candlestick by him (the boy) when he cleaned it ready for depraved habits, but always very cheerful. She had, eta
The time is now at hand which will solve a number suppose all uncertainty will be put an end to imme- reformation, and advancement,—religious and civil, use on Friday afternoon. About half an hour afterwards since she had known the prisoner, expressed herself °be
the prisoner came to him, and denied all knowledge of the greatly attached to him, and the witnesses never knew .1,
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.
of problems of some interest : whether a Tory Mi- diately upon the arrival of the Right Hon. Baronet. moral and political, literary and scientific,—because •
bit of candle, and said his boy Cannon would do the same, to speak in any way disrespectful of him. One of the Rd
—........._
nistry can be formed—whether that Ministry will Of course, if he accept the office of Premier—which he who for the future engages in such works,
TETE LONDON GAZETTE He accounted for lingering about after quitting work at nesses, named Sarah Hutchinson, was in company votuart.
profess Reform or Anti-Reform principles—and whe- the Duke of Wellington so " ambitiously" offers— which have been hitherto considered most laudable,
ther we are to have a dissolution or not. If aTo he must have a little breathing time—an interval for must henceforward and for ever reckon upon THIS EVENING. twenty minutes before six till six o'clock by saying he did deceased the night before her death, and she then, on P
Ministry be formed, it will hardly dare to insult the deliberation. The extempore formation of a Ministry, no other return for his labours, than to be branded ._______._______ not like to leave till the clock had struck, lest his master ing, said she was going to see " Thomas," the prisoner.ol
should notice it.
WHITEHALL; DEC. 5, 1834. Mr. BROUGIITON said it was a very suspicious ease't ir,
George Storer, a carpenter, said the last witness sent
admitted),ns::
eforryt.if
ta(hTtaeot dit:eeicelevpaasrsei
sdionnytevbras)e_haatDbpiotr;o•Sofeue
0:00
public conscience by the profession of opinions on al- in the present posture of affairs, is not what is to be with the foul and vilifying name of APOSTATE. The Lord Chancellor has appointed Anthony Portington, of Al-
most all subjects directly at variance with those pro- expected of any judicious and reflecting statesman But our correspondent will not dispute these matters ford, Gent. to be a Master Extraordinary in the Him &a of him up stairs o'n Saturday to listen to the conversation be- volved in great fessed up to the dismissal of the Melbourne Ministry. charged with such a task. We are sure the public - with us. As an honest man, he will admit the fact of Chanecry. tween Roach and the boy, and heard the latter ask " Why wish to say anythino• ?
The Lord Chancellor has also appointed Moses Woodland Har-
conversion, did you say the candle was yours?" Roach answered " I The prisousing
There is, in fact, no evidence of any such miraculous will allow reasonable time. We only deprecate unne- the failure of Whig agitation, because he knows it to
vey, of Moreton Hampstead, in the county of Devon, Gent. to be a •
conversion, which rests on the unsupported declaration cessary delay.—Morning Herald. be true ; and professing himself an advocate for iin- Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery. did not think but it was so then." The boy added ~ Did the Goldsmiths' Arms occasionally but he had not seen
''
not Stewart
tdier ceAleiyars.berid3oßkalive
GoifffibTraolticl wasocagimdu oatinhntetharsen ocwer
amws, with in
not at
eairtn.
presentfa ct , he Bader
a_ile,r,io,l
ju;
of the Times. And our evening contemporary (the
rovement and reform in all things, and one that loves
We beg to point the special attention of our readers P
DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
" YBeost'hiltehedipdr.isoners declared that they did • not put the
Globe) is well entitled to ask—
his country and his country s good, above all partY ROBERT ELFORD, Jun., veterinary-surgeon, Little Exeter-" Where does our morning contemporary (the Times) find to a lengthened report, in another part of this day's
and all faction, he will not deny -that the doctrine we strßee(t3BCEhelsea.
Duke-street,RT
that 'the Duke and his friends now put forth promises of eccle- paper, respecting that new, but most useful, com-
eLYNCH, manufacturer of rosin candle where it was found, or know any thing about it. rect evidence against the prisoner, but on such a ' oi•
attacked is at once most demoralizing, most disgusting,it oil, The prisoners were remanded.
siastical and constitutional reform?' The Duke, in his mercial undertaking, " The National Bank of Ire-
Po PATRICKr
Portland- nd-1 charge there was sufficient to order him for further ex!„..
notable conference with two gentlemen of the City, (a con- land." Our limits do not permit us at present to en- and utterly indefensible, wheresoever and howsoever WILLIAM BURROWS, '.
plumber, Leicester-street, Leicester- nation. .../
tO
ference correctly reported in the Globe, and the Globe only), it may be sought to apply it. The fact is, that busy- square. . . BOW - STREET.
produce other and very important evidence. The Prist'hat
distinctly declined to give any promise as to the march of the large upon the utility of such an Institution to the
ing himself with the illustrations we adduced, our coy- BANKRUPTS. Yesterday, Robert Howe, a mechanic living in Wild-
JOHN BERRY, draper, Tabernacle-walk, Holton, to surrew court, Drury-lane, was brought up charged with having
new Cabinet. (For the truth of this statement we boldly ap- extent that our knowledge of the principles' of banking
respondent has entirely overlooked their application. der Dec. 18, at eleven, and Jan. 20, at twelve, at the Court
.of caused the death of his infant child,
a'a boy six old. had been heard to say on Sunday morning to a person
to
peal to Messrs. 'Ward and Palmer themselves.) Either, then, —not unrecognized by those who can boast of ac-
The prisoner was remanded until mentioned the deceased's name, that "If ever von men i__ . ...
the Times is the official ministerial organ, authorized to give quaintance with them—and our heart-felt wishes for inis has certainly saved him a vast deal of trouble, Bankruptcy. Green, King's Arms-yard, Coleman-street, official
quest can her name in my presence again I'll knock you down 11"
to the public promises thus deeply momentous ;or else the Times the success of the new undertaking would dictate to notwithstanding the short application of his own, assignee ; Reed, Bread-street, Cheapside.
011IAS COLEMAN, nail-master, Darlaston, •• Stafford- be holden upon the body.
bullock."
gives promises to the people of England without authority." which he has himself invented, and meaning civilly shilroll Dec. 24, at two and Jan. 20, at two, at the Lion Inn,
b
The prisoner was, by the application of his frierulsr,' °id;
if!ii=tizeixvzyintao.vnyilitlt for his to Linde °
The Times having determined to support the Duke, us ; but this we will say, that the' principles of the
no doubt, has attributed to us. We beg him to take Wolverhampton. Clark and Medcalf, Lincoln's Inn-fields, Lon- MARLBORO UGH-S TREE T.
don ; Bennet, Wolverhampton.
was yet afraid of openly opposing Reform, and there- " National Bank" are those which have formed the
back his own : the thing is none of ours. We never
„ THOMAS DONE, farmer, Audley, Staffordshire, Dec. 22, Gibbon, a sleek, tall-looking personage, whose hair had
fore pretended that he had seen the errors of his ways, basis, not only of. the success which has uniformly
attempted to establish- the " supremacy of any and Jan. 20, at eleven, at the White Bear Inn, Middlewich, Che- - -
the appearance of having
been recently flat ironed, was yes-
and would do as much as a Reformer as the Whigs attended the establishment of every Scottish Bank, beit
terday placed at the bar, charged with drunkenness.
the of the universalprosperity which pervades the aaricul- man or of any party. What are we doing now but shire. Froggatt, Clifford's Inn, London ; Skerratt, Sandbach, LONDON. MARKETS.
could have done. We conscientiously believe that the °
trying to shield the country from (here the word is Cheshire.
JaWILLIAM LARKE, A police constable proved the case. The defendant was
----......--.
liberalism of his Grace is a pure invention of our con- tural, the commercial , and the trad. ing interests of the
most applicable 1) the " supremacy" of the Whigs ? wine-merchant, Bungay, Dec. 15, and so drunk that he was strapped down on the stretcher, and
Jan. 20, at eleven, at the Rampant Horse Inn, Norwich. Kings- carried dla sedan to the watch-house.
bury and Margitson, Bungs ; Clarke and 'Medcalf, Lincoln's Inn- Mr. CHAMBERS—What are you ? Defendant—l some- PRICE OF BREAD. An, Val
t.c,h,liet-he highest price of Bread in the Metropolis is Sd. for the -s-,:be144
Northern. portion of the United Kingdom. That Ire-
temporary, with a view to make the advocacy of his
We will not, however, decline the challenge that is
fields, London. Chore are others who sell from a half-penny to three half-pe°'"
land. will follow the example of her hitherto hated)
Government appear less offensive. But then the Times
given us, by means of the misrepresentation of our corres-WILLIAM BARNETT STUART, tailor, Mount-street, Gros- times do jobs in tailorincr.
The Police Inspector° stated that the defendant was a PRICE OF SEEDS.-Dec 8.
has another argument, which is constantly pressed sister, will. to us be as great
.a as her 0
pondent, which we have thought right to point out and
Per Cwt. Per Quarter.
...,,,,,
venor-square, Dec. 19, at twelve, and Jan. 20, at eleven, at the
New English Red Cloversos. Ms 638 St. Foin ...-1 ~ lis
into the service. Of what use is the Reform Bill, if prosperity, in consequence, will gratification,be, of all blessings, .
to protest against. We will not mince matters with Court of Bankruptcy. Groom, Abehurch-lane, official assignee ; Methodist preacher. When he was laid on the floor in the 014 Ditto Ditto -s. -s. -s Rye Grass _-5.41'•44
we are still to be dependent on any particular set of Political, moral, or commercial, the most unexampled
one who holds the peculiar opinions which, it would Newbon, Great Carter-lane, Doctors' Commons. body of the watchhouse, he suddenly ejaculated, with con-JAMES KINGSLEY, sheep-jobber, Holme, Bedfordshire, siderable vehemence, " Lo, h.e c.om.eth !" and, jumping. upon isrt.,v Foreign Dia° sos. 56s 60s. Pacey Grass . als
____,- ' 54% 5,
trite Clover sos. cps. 70s. Ditto, for sowing. ........ ......
(4..47
Old Ditto Ditto -s. 3Ss. 58s. Linseed, for feeding ...-- -
....s. '',.
Statesmen for Reform ? If the Reform Bill be that has ever happened to her. O'Connell is not for
s.ein, are the pride and boast of our correspondent.
Dec. 22, at one, and Jan. 20, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. his legs, hit at every person indiscriminately, exclaiming all Nw Whi
once—but for a second time—in the right. Let him
St. swithiws-lane. Oil Ditto Ditto -e
He.s s Ditto, for crushing ...... -0 7,, 50'
good for anything—if the people do their duty in
His meaning is, that to suppose the new Administra- Egan and Waterman, Essex-street, Strand; Clark, official assikilee,
'2O, 92s 25, Canary -s .." 441.
but persevere in the right path—and feeble as our
the time—" lam the life, the light, and the faith !" He oe:DltritofollOE 6.
...S.
square, Dec. 19„s. . 21s Hemp
sending proper Representatives to the House of
lion—call it the Duke of Wellington's if you like—was secured and placed in the cell, where he preached an
wile_ power may be, he shall have our best support.—
ADOLPHUS RICHTER, bookseller, Soho- Ribgl?sral 4
will be a Reform Administration, is to suppose a thing at two, and Jan. 20, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Edwards, extemporaneous sermon, the purport of which was that the Foreign Ditto -s s S Per Bushel.
OA 7,(t.li,
Commons—Ministers must consent to Reform,
... 2:: n• White
Mustard
12. &_ i., chl
Morning Advertiser.,
Pancras-lane, official assignee; Few and Company, II
toc
ther they will or not. But we will allow our contem-
utterly improbable. Now, we put it to all rational peo-ny, Henrietta-street, "hour of retribution was at hand ;" and when called out to Coriander
(wpr Rcrt.)ES OF HOPS -Dec. 8.
-s 13s. ire Winter Tares 7s. .- 40;
~
porary to speak for itself •:—" Why, let us ask, •We have printed in this day's paper,
,not the whole,
pie whether there is more improbability in supposina Covent-garden.
hear the charge against him, finding that there was no pos- Rapeseed, English fine (per Last) 30/. 33/ Foreign '2f,:.....
K.tit Pockets
sibility of escape, he solemnly protested, at the same time
should the Duke and his friends now put forth pro- but a great portion of Lord Broughams letter, in an-that the Duke of Wellington will become a Reformer,° 29THanOdAIAS ALDERSON, innkeeper, Rufford, Lancashire, Dec.
Jan. 20, at eleven, at the Town Hall, Preston. Arm-
uplifting his hands and stamping on the floor—" That he
mires of Ecclesiastical and Constitutional Reform ? sorer to the animadversions in Mr. Bulvver s very ex-
than there is in supposing that the Radicals (for the strong, or Todd, Preston ; Chester, Staple Inn London, Choice ditto. 6l Os. 7 , Os to „,..• ($
cellent pam,, phlet, entitled " A Letter to a late Cabinet
bshriidre,,,eDec..3r2e3e
BENJAMIN FIELDHOUSE, innkeeper, Kinfare, Stafford_ should punish them by consigning them to eternal flames." Kent Bags 5/. Os. St. Os. to 44`•„ os
Why, but because they are conscious that. such mea-
Whias, pro hat vice, are out of the question) will .
,stazth4ra:. 20,t at eleven, at tl; Crown Inn, Stour- M. CHAMBERS— hope you will preach on your dis-
rdagwayes and walker Barnard's Inn, charge for the Temperance Society. Susszx rockets
Minister •; and we leave it to find its own way with
Superfine ditto
surer must be carried. They promise (let us suppose,
not 'become Destructives ? This is the question
Duty rated at 175,0301.
41'1,-useßoeFfinV,Ll6l.l..
our readers. Amore complete defence could not have
for the sake of argument), under duress—under the
for the consideration of the county for all men who London; ; Harrison, Worcestershire.
Rape Oil brown, per
Defendant—l have had my clothes torn. ~
consciousness of the power of a free Representative been offered—but it is too important to be passed over
desire Good. government, and protection as well for GEORGE BOYER, tanner, Farnham-place, Southwark, Dec.
system ; but is there any thing in the natural working in this summary manner. For the present we merely b
their property as for their persons. And is it supposed Edwards,
19, at one, and Jan. 20, at twelve, at the Court of Bankru tc
official assignee, Pancras-lane Hutch' Crown-Py* ing
, Hutchinson Mr. CHAMBERS—Yes ; you're in a fine trim for preach-
Now, I'll ive you an o portunit of doing "ob to - in."'
°
L' I' • ton, • ilCake at the Mill, (1000 , 13/. 13s —Rape Cake, l'er
of the Reform Bill to flatter the Conservatives with say, that those who have dealt harshly by the great Re-
that the country would endure an Administration of court, Threadneedle-street. your' own clothes.g There are plenty ofytailorstheraeiwherePßlCES OF LEATHER di
/1 t°,4
former of the age, had better take care of what they say WILLIAM BLOXAM, stock-broker, Warnford-court, Throg-
Crop Hides, Perlltol4bolb each (:1 to
-1113 . Horse Hides, German .....•
the shadow of a hope, that when the time comes for
" Destructives ?" Let there be the smallest indication you 'will be locked uji, and you can borrowy a needle, thread,
,_ .11
of him in future.—Morning Advertiser.
Co-street, London, Dec. 19, at two and Jan 90 at one at ___ _4O 50 - Spanish ......
14 .
fulfilling their promises, the duress will be lightened,
of so grievous a calamity befalling this land, and we the Court of Bankruptcy. Starlin , Leicester- ;la; e' • Cannan, •and thimble. In the meantime send for five shillings.
or. the popular power of enforcing such engagements It is a remarkable circumstance that the late Minis- will venture to say that the strongest°of
part the coun- Sambrook-court, Basinghall-street, ogficial a' sq
'
ssignee. . Bull Hides
Butts, Vitriol - 40 541............•,
20 22 -—5 O fie ............ • ..!
against those who have contracted them impaired ? tors have no friends--not one, if we except the Chro- try—the middle classes—will rise to a man, and crush •
CORNELIUSp MARSH PAYNE and JAMES JONES, silk- WORSHIP-STREET.
English - 70 100. •..... . ..... d';'i 1
renters,
eLondon,i Dec. 15, at twelve, and Jan. Bartholomew Cody, an Irishman, and who stated himself -17-7- isoreign
What means do the Conservatives possess of skulk- nick and Globe newspapers. It matters not who the project in the bud. Why, then, the quietude of niiß kruptcy. Gibbon, Basin hall- to be a labouring dyer, was yesterda laced at the bar ()reign Hides lO 13 I ---- small ............... ~ .
llKips .............................. '; 1,1
ing from any of their acknowledged obligations ?Is speaks of them—abuse of their measures, ridicule of the country, the calm so still that one may hear ain street, official assignee ; Broughton ad B ' F 1 before Mr. BROUGHTON, charged wi3trh p•
assaulting g
Hides
n riggs, a con-square.
violently assaulting
o
,- P WILLIAM POOLE and VILLOT THOMSOM, victuallers, Desmond,another Irishmanand " ---. Pe t Saddlers Hides
William , bitinc, off c, part ofBeliesiii.::::::: ..
..................... .... .. 1
it as it used to be when Parliaments were packed ? We their talents, and delight at their' removal, are the drop, or a Whig sigh, asplainlyth
as e sound of the Surrey Theatre Coffee House, Great Surre ...street Blackfriars-Hiirse Hides, English
trust not, or cid Bono the Reform ?" In the first place, themes of every speech, and every address, and every parish clock ? Simply because the people know well road, Southwark, Dec. 16, and Jan. 20, at twelve at the Court of his left ear, under the following circumstances : •If rounded 2 1 toad peaslb more
.--•"'"
the promise has yet to be made, and most likely letter which one reads, hears, or sees. Mr. Thomas enough that they have now in their own hands, by Bankruptcy. Lewis, Ely-place; Holborn • Belcher;official assignee. It appeared that the complainant and prisoner were the WLIITECHAPEL HAY MARKET Dec.-6 , 103 Oti'
JOHN HU.IIIPHREYS, victualler, Newgate-street, Dec. 22 best of friends until they became " enemies," which was at flay 9-s dto loss i d ;clover loos ed to '
-Linseed 4901.,:l! 114
never will be made. In the next place, admitting Attwood, the Ultra Radical of Birmingham, has pub- means of the Reform Bill, what they never had be-
Straw 24s d to 304 i d
at twelve, and Jan. 20 at eleven at the Court of Bankruptcy,
cr about three o'clock on Sunday morning, when they were
the efficiency of the Reform Bill, why are we to lisped a manifesto for the edification of his " dear fore—namely, the decision of what Ministry shall Tucker, Bank-buildings,lothbur. ' L •IC t ffi • 1 .
y ; ac ing on, e ma assbnee. passing along Whitecross-street, with two or three other PRICES OF POTATOES AT SPITALFIELDs ,„0.
Put the Duke and his friends under duress, when there friends and fellow-townsmen," in which he thus men- stand, what Ministry fall. No set of men can be Basinghall-street.
Irish " subjects" and in the course Of conversation a ques- JOHN DAVIDSON SMITH, stable-keeper, Norwood, Surrey, . ' • •Kidneys (York; from vessel
Scoomtch Reds ditto . 2/. Os. to 3/. Os per --
,4. Ps. to .21. iss ditto
are Statesmen disposed of their own accord to propose tions the departed Administration :—" In the month of more fully aware of this—for none have been made
C mon Reds -1 06. to Pi CIS. ditto
Dec. 18, at two, and Jan. 20 at one at the Court of ton arose among them as to the " virtuity of wives." The Marsh Champions 34 Os. to 4/. Os. ditt°
all necessary Reforms ? The Reform Bill has now May last year we held a great meeting for the purpose to feel it more—than the Tories themselves ; and Rirkett and Son, Cloak _lane ' ' ' '
- ane ; Graham, official assignee, Copthall- unfortunate complainant, who was rather overcome with the 5-haws 2 . 5. to 9./. jO. dia.
for a long time been law, and the Duke and his friends of petitioning our gracious King to dismiss the Whig whatever may be the cast of a man's politics, what- buildings. _
liquor he had taken, would have it that his wife was more Middling .... ..
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. Chats 11 ss. to or. es. netts
have opposed themselves to all the Reforms in Church Ministers from his Councils. Our experience of the ever his hopes and wishes, he must be blinder than virtuous than all their wives. This the prisoAer took as an
4
J. Gardner and J. Coots, auctioneers Witham Essex
and State demanded by the people. The Duke must Ministers was then short, since the reform of the Par- a bat, and duller than a hog, if he fail to see and J. Sharp and W. Walters, maltsters, '
Birmingham.
' • insult, and struck his " friend," and knocked him down, and Price of TallU=mlll4%.t?,, tr,Vl`,,,, per stone of bib. 9,.
ILA Melters2 ........... ...2.:„.../
either have opposed contrary to his conviction, and liament had been effected ; but it w„ quite sufficient to understand that the people will have none other C* Millar and W. T. Hut. carpenters, Bexley-heath, Kent. then most shamefully ill-used him by knocking him about, PRICE OF TALLOW SO d,
AP, sic per 1121 b.
...,, ,
this would be exhibiting him as an unprincipled man, to satisfy us, that, if possible, they were worse enemies than a Liberal and Reform Government. Do we IT and
31:1.. Baird,b and W. Waddell, Liverpool. and after he had satisfied his fists, he went to work with his Town Tallow • '
Yellow Russia
..... ii 1
4.5. Od. Mottled .........................
.... ii,i
Crabtree shoddy merchants Dewsbury, Yorkshire. teeth and bit a iece clean off the corn lainant' ft •
, p p sle ear. White -s (Id Curd. ............................. ,„.014.
ready to hazard the peace and prosperity of the coun- of the liberty and prosperity of the people than even state these opinions now for the first time ?--are these L. Grassi, B. B ' J. • ' '
ergna, and J. Origoni, dealers in toys, New- Sergeant Brown, G. 10, took the prisoner into custody, Soap Ditto -s Od. Graves.....- ................... "" id
try for views of personal aggrandizement ; or he must their arrogant, sordid, and unfeeling predecessors. lights that dawned upon us with the dissolution of the castle-upon-yne.
and conveyed the complainant to a doctor's bleedino. Melting Stuff -
novY propose what he believes to be injurious to the They had given us slavery for Ireland and poverty for late Cabinet ? Assuredly not. We showed yesterdayßitson, J. Dodds, and R.
turers,j* EastHowden Northumberland.
Stephenson, lamp-black manufac-
profusely all the way, and had the remainder 'of his ear
1) tto Rough 243 s nd
best interests of the country. It is childish to pre- England ;they had given us internal misery and fo- that on the Bth of last month, when no one dreamed of J. Wright, J. Green,bandaged up. F li'll
and J. Heyworth, grocers, ox i -bank,PRICE OF CANDLES,
The price of good Store Candles in the Retail Shops is as follood.
visr#
tend that the mere dismissal of the Melbourne Mi- reign shame ; they had made a mockery of the suffer- any change in the Ministry, we held the same language, Lancaster. The prisoner, on being called on for his defence, looked Candles, per dozen, 75 NJ ; inferior, 6s. i id. -Moulds, 8:............„/
nistry can of itself have operated a change in all the ings of the people ; and had hardened their hearts in noticing the " apathy with which the French had W
T..
BKielpp
jandc C. Shaw, brewers, Wath-upon-Dearne, York. at the complainant, and said, "It wasn't me that bit your Sixpence per dozen discount for cash.
di
lc ough, J. Bsoadhuist, J. Bridgett, and J. ear : you done it yourself, and that you know very well." COAL MARKET.-Dec. 8. S 0
political opinions of the Duke and his friends. We against the prayers of the poor." " I have stood by received the news that all Louis Philippe's Ministers Hulmeearthenware
, manufacturers Lane-en Staffordshire. Per Ton s 0 Per Ton. ,1
P
BROUGHTON said it was a case that he could Adair s 2O 0 Walls End Killingworth ii;;;;
will not be so cruel to his Grace and friends, as to ex- their side like a faithful sentinel. I have warned them were out. So far as the change has proceeded hi- G. MacArthur and C. Seymour,' letter- re;s renters, Birming- Mr*
I) P
0
not deal with summarily, and ordered the prisoner to be Beasharn Main IS 6 Walls End MedomsleY „,,,1 ~ 1
pose them to the torture of proposing measures which at every step to fall back upon their ancient profes- therto, our anticipations have proved correct, and if ham. Charlotte
T. Roden and J. Flockton boiler-makers, Manchester. remanded.
Chester Man l9 0 Tyne Company ~.,,,,,.••••• ../.0 6
theybelieve injurious to the country. Let us suppose his sions. Again and again have I urged them by stand- the experiment be followed out, we have no doubt that A. Prentice, W. Cathrall; and J. Hilton 1 •
, letter- printers, .
______________ Felling Main lB 0 Walls End Newmarch-,•";;L.11,13
Grace, in proposing a fresh Irish Tithe-bill, to address ing firm to their ancient principles to recover their lost they will be fully justified by the result. In other Manchester.
CHARGE OF MURDER. Holywell
Ord 's Redhugh 2l 0 Walls End Northumben'• ,1i
18,18 3 Walls End Riddell's ......... 4. q 1
the Lords thus :—" MyLords, last year I opposed this place in the affections of the people. I might as well words, if the measures of the Ministry be good mea- w. H.
J. Woolhouse, builders, Sheffield.
_-....0...—. Pontop Windsor
Smith and J. Drury common-brewers, Bootle-cum-
-18 6 Coxgreen .. .. .. ... ... ........... •i' i
Bill, as fraught with peril to the Church of Ireland, have preached to the winds of Heaven. I spoke of sures, the Ministry will keep its ground, however it Linacre, near Liverpool. - ' Yesterday Thomas Tyler, a young man about twenty- paele,id . • ...
241 0 Walls End Brad.4ll ............. : /I;
which we are bound to support in its integrity. My the distresses of the people, and they smiled in affected may be constituted, and by whomsoever it may be op- J. Tomlin, W. 'Man; and F. F. Camroux, ship Insurance-agents, six years of age, was placed at the bar (Worship-street), rrvgiliartiey
gton fa) C Walls End Lambton .......... .g/ $
21 0 Walls End Stewart ' .• . 411
Liverpool. before Mr. BROUGHTON, charged with the wilful murder of wylain
Lords, I still think the Bill most ruinous to the contempt." "What has been the conduct of the posed. If its measures be bad, no earthly power can
0 3 Walls End Ade1aide...........
.41;
Margaret Ross, a fine young woman, aged nineteen, whom Walls End Bell, Robson & Co. VU 3 Walls End South Durban"' 94 I
Church of Ireland, and to the Protestant religion ; whigs at home ?" asks Mr. Attvvood, after cutting uphold it. Why we conjecture that its measures will COURT OF KING'S BENCH, DEc. 8. he had for some time past been paying his addresses to, y wins
b End Carr and Co l9 6 Walls End St. Helen's T"''''' .2 1
Walls End ( lark and Co lB 9 Wa;ls End Tees .... ..... .... ::: if. I
but, my Lords, lam under duress, and though I them to pieces for their foreign policy. " Let the Co- not be bad, we have over and over again stated ; and .... throwing her into the Regent's Canal, at an early hour on Walls End Gosforth
.'..„ I i
know that lam asking for what must be attended with ereion Bill in Ireland answer. Let the Dorchester when we are told that they who yielded Catholic JOHNSON V. JONES. Saturday morning week last. Walls End Hilda..
Walls End Hotspur. 0 3 I
the most dangerous consequences to the establishments labourers answer. Let the Calthorpe-street Juries Emancipation, and ceased to oppose the Reform Bill, This was an action of trespass, brought to determine The office was crowded to excess with the friends and Ships arrived since last market-clay. 76.
of my country, I have no choice, and I therefore call answer. Let the malt tax, the prosecutions of the acted under the pressure of a necessity too strong to whether the defendant had a right to load and unload his relatives of the unfortunate deceased and the accused, and gild
on you to vote for this measure." No, no ;we must press— let the unrepealed six Acts, the unrepealed be resisted, we beg to ask what necessity can be more barge at a landing-place adjoining the Horseferry at Mill- they all appeared deeply concerned at the prisoner's exam:- CHRISTMAS PANTOMINIES. The majors it
1 tre 4
Irk, without paying wharfage t 9 the plaintiff, who held nation.
offer no such violence to the consciences of Statesmen. trespass law, the unrepealed game laws—above all, let urgent, what more manifestly insuperable, than the
the minors are full of activity in preparing their Ittol" to
place as lessee to the Marquis of Westminster. For It appeared b the st tem nt f M
it
between
e o eadows, a beadle of
garden a ig 01
for the little masters and misses, At Covent-
They alone who think particular measures conducive the cruel and sordid new poor law answer. A host 9f almost unanimous voice of the inhabitants of this great the plaintiff the old usage was insisted on and evidence Shor dit h
or:in parish, t at three and four o'clock in pantomime is to be brought out by that able caterer ° le 'hi
to the best interests of the country should be entrusted delinquencies have marked the Whigs throughout the empire, which is raised unceasingly in favour of coo- was given to show that °within the memory of the oldest the morning above stated, the deceased was taken out of scenes of fun, Earley. At Drury lane a splendid slaecta,ccilic,:
with the conducting them. But the people know well whole of their ministerial progress. Weeds, and weeds nomy, retrenchment, and reform ?—Times. living witnesses such wharfage money had always been paid, the canal, facing the house NlO No. , Park-place, where the in preparation, similar to George and the Dragon? a 117
that the Duke was elevated to power in order that lie alone, have grown in their garden ; and if by any ac- and that posts were erected, to vhich were affixed chains prisoner resided with his father ; and 'an inquest was con- proved so successful last season, in which Ducrow 8P 00 i
might offer every possible resistance to Reform ; and cident the people have ever been led to expect to ga- NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. to prevent any cart from passing down to the boats or veiled on her body in the afternoon of the same day, and knights will appear. The piece is founded on the rool
they know, also, that a Ministry have it greatly in ther good fruit from such a soil, their wheat has sud- ~....—. barges in the river, without the permission of the owner or the principal witness that was examined was Mr. Tyler, the history of King Arthur and his Round Table. t 't
,ile
hal- .
(From the Hampshire Telegraph.) lessee of the wharf. prisoner's father, and he deposed to having been awoke by There are at the present tune resident in the •:, sO
their power to promote or retard reforms-in. our institu- denly and cruelly been turned into tares. There are
By letters from the Mauritius of the 2d August, we Lord DENMAN left the case to the T.. tint_ vain rotrienod si ..:..1.....i. ..... -- rl,l_ _l__ _ is • .. . _
tions. Parliament might in the sting le with the Exe- good men among the Whi gs, but they have been over- ,______ ,I N P -
- '

cutive succeed in extorting something beneficial ; but
by far the simplest way of going to work is to repose no
confidence in anti-Reformers, in order that the Govern-
ment may be conducted by sincere Reformers. We are
not surely reduced to the dilemma of having either
anti-Reform Ministers or none. It is the prero-
gative of the King to choose his Ministers ; but the
people are not obliged to support whomsoever the
King chooses. You may have your treasure well se-
cured by patent locks, and yet have no relish for the
advice of a friend to pay no attention to the character
of your domestics, because, if the locks were good for
anything, they could not get at the money. We will
prove the efficiency of the Reform Bill, by reposing no
confidence whatever in men notorious for their hostility

to all effective improvements, and not by the more dif-
ficult experiment of compelling men whom we distrust
to be good, whether they will or not. The straight-
forward way is always the best ; it is much more natural
that reforms should be effected by men who believe
them conducive to the best interests of the country,
than by men who think them pregnant with ruin to the
country. We have great pleasure in extracting the
following very able remarks on this subject from an
article on " The Crisis," in the Eclectic Review for
December, 1834. They ought to be engravers on the
mind of every Reformer :
" The King can do no wrong. It is an admirable provision
of the Constitution, which secures inviolability and irresponsi-
bility to the Crown, and throws the magic shield of the na-
tional faith round the person of the monarch. But why can
the King do no wrong ? Because, as King, he can do nothing
but through the instrumentality of responsible advisers.
Wrong may be done to the nation, and the punishment of that
wrong may justly follow its committal; but the Minister of
the Royal prerogative is in such a case the only culpht. He
it is who is responsible to the people. The King is sovereign
in his prerogatives. The Commons are sovereign in
their prescriptive rights. They hold the national purse. It
cannot be wrested front- them. The King may dismiss his
Cabinet, may dissolve the Legislature; but the Government
cannot go on without supplies, and supplies cannot be had
without a Parliament, and a Parliament will not vote supplies
unless they have confidence in the Minister. All this is as trite
and familiar as the axioms of Euclid; and yet the first lessons
of the Constitution are sometimes forgotten. The Tory para-
sites argue as if, because the royal prerogative is unquestion-
able and invulnerable, no responsibility attached to those
who, as advisers or instruments, have been accessory to a
determination which involves the tranquillity and political
interests of twenty-four millions of people. Under the
mask of loyalty
.to the person of the King, they conceal trea-
son to the State, disloyalty to the Constitution. The country
has suffered wrong in the dismissal of his Majesty's Ministers,
and it feels it. Murmurs loud and deep are escaping from
the people of the three kingdoms. But we do not say that
the King has done the country wrong—not in intention, for we
believe his Majesty's intentions (if we speak of them) to have
been upright ; not in act, fer the royal act would have been
null and frustrate, and had it not been put into effect by the
parties who were eagerly watching for the signal of accom-
plishing their long meditated project. The King cannot have
done wrong—for he is not responsible to his people for his
actions—but for those actions, adopted and realised by the
Ministers, they, the only wrong doers of whom the Constitu-
tion takes cognizance, must be called to account. We insist
upon these distinctions with earnestness, because to lose sight
of them is to endanger the stability, as well as to offend against
the majesty of the throne—the throne, which is greater than
he who fills it, and which, in opposition to the shallow vulgar
philosophy of the cheap-government men, we must maintain to
be the key-stone of the arch upon which our constitutional
liberties depend for their security.
" What, then, is the present duty of the British people ? It
ig—with unabated loyalty to the throne, to combine a firmness
and united resistance to the monstrous and desperate effort to
deliver them over to Tory misrule or oligarchical encroach-
ments. The intrigues of the Court must be baffled at the
hustings and defftated in the senate. Let the people be true
to themselves, and tho Commons be true to the people, and all
must come right."—MorZing Chronicle.
- -

denly and cruelly been turned into tares. There are
good men among the Whigs, but they have been over-
powered and borne down by bad. Those, my friends,
are my charges against the Whig Ministers." So goes
on Mr. Attwood, who curiously enough speaks of the
reformed House of Commons in these words :—" The
late Ministry relied upon a servile and subservient
House of Commons, and they set the people at defi-
ance." The Reform Act is now a part and parcel of the
law of the land, and we therefore make no invidious
references to that to which, while it was under dis-
cussion, we were heart and soul opposed. The Whig
Ministers are out of office, and we therefore abstain
from any further comments upon them at this parti-
cular moment. But we must be permitted to express
our surprise and admiration that in the midst of Mr.
Attwood's censure of-the late Government, he has the
candour and the boldness to proclaim to the Reformers
of Birmingham, that the first Parliament assembled
under the new Reform Act was, after all the promised
purity and independence of such an assembly, a House
of Commons " servile and subservient" to the Mi-

The public patience is doomed to be a little longer
exercised, in consequence of tie non-arrival of Sir
Robert Peel ; but the delay can be now but for a very
short time. In the interval, to speculate upon what
is to take place either as to the formation of the Mi-

nistry. Mr. Attwood expresses a high Monarchical
feeling in his address to the people of Birming
ham. He says, " Ho'd fast to the Throne,
the Throne is the common unity of the nation,
the people of England may THERE find a common
rallying-point where all rights and all interests may be
held secure ; but if the Throne should fall, a tuild
scene of chaos and anarchy, and blood and ruin is
inevitable." It is clear, denounced as the late Ministry

nistry, or the measures which they are to propose, is

is by Mr. Attwood (a most respectable Triton amongst
the minnows), that HE, like the rest of those of his
school of politics who have anything to loose, looks to
the firm and steady administration of public affairs, by
an independent, unprejudiced, and constitutional set of
men, by whom the disgraces which he attributes to the
Ministerial Whigs may be repaired, the sufferings of
the people of which he complains alleviated by solici-
tude and attention, and the welfare of the country
earnestly maintained by an honest and uncompromising
devotion to her manufacturing and agricultural interests

at home, and to her reputation, character, and dignity
abroad.—Morning Post.
A correspondent, who signs himself " A Radical,"
and who desires to give us a little " private advice,"
has strangely misunderstood an article we published on
Saturday. He thinks it an attempt on our part " to
establish the supremacy of the Tories and the Duke
of Wellington." If our correspondent will be so
good as to read the article again, we are quite sure
that the real objects of it will not escape him a second
time. Our desire, our aim and end, in that article was,
first, to offer our congratulations to the country that they
had resisted the attempts of the Whig " tail" to create
a disturbance, for the purpose of forcing the King
to choose a Cabinet composed of " Whigs, all
Whigs, and nothing but Whigs ;" and next, to
expose the bad sense, the worse feeling, and the enor-
mous immorality of a factious few who have not scru-
pled to declare that to change from bad to good,—to
abandon the ways of error, and pursue the paths of
truth,—to cease to be vicious, and to practise virtue,—
to fulfil the wishes, and to satisfy the wants of the
people, instead of thwarting, disappointing, or opposing
them,—would make a man an Apostate. Did we in
this carry ourselves as changelings or as Reformers,---
as bad men or as good,—as partisans or as patriots ?
For the appropriateness of our congratulations we ap-
peal to our correspondent himself, whether they were
not justified by the events of the last few weeks--whe-
ther the mountain in labour that brought forth a
mouse, exhibited a more ludicrous failure of a great
conception than that displayed by the Whig agitators,
who, supposing they were big with revolution, have
been delivered only of small mob oratory, or shilling
pamphlets. With regard to the 'false and pernicious
doctrine we exposed, it can be necessary to say no
more than that? if it be not scouted and its authors

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)
By letters from the Mauritius of the 2d August, we
learn that the Melville, 78 (Vice-Admiral Sir John Gore),
and Magicienne, 24, were lying there ; the former to quit
for Madras in ten days, and the latter to proceed on a
cruize off Zanibar. The Hyacinth, Commander Black-
wood, had brought intelligence from Madras that the cho-
lera was raging with unusual violence in Bengal, and that
some members of Lord William Bentinck's establish-
ment had fallen victims to its violence at Calcutta. The
Hyacinth had returned with despatches to Madras, and
thence to New South Wales. The Harrier, 18, Comman-
der Vassall, while cruising in the Straits of Malacca, sent
a boat on shore on one of the islands to turn turtle, in do-
ing which the Malays surprised the party, wounded the
second-lieutenant, master and one seaman, and killed an-
other. With difficulty the party (which included several
midshipmen) reached the boat and the Harrier. Com-
mander Vassall thereupon manned and armed all his boats,
and proceeded on shore to discover the delinquents, which
resulted in sixteen Malays being killed. The Curacoa, 24,
Captain Dunn, continued in attendance on the Governor-
General.
We have received letters from Swan River of the I 1 th
May, which state that they were a little straitened for pro-
visions, but expected a supply daily. Bread was lid. per
lb. ; Cape salt butter, 6d. ; fresh beef and mutton, Is. 6d.
Sir James Stirling was hourly expected to arrive from Eng-
land. The colony was, however, doing well ; the natives
offered no molestation ; the breed of cattle and sheep in
plain, beyond the mountains, or rather hills (for their ele-
vation deserves not the name of mountains) was rapidly in-
creasing.
The North Star, 28, Captain Vernon Harcourt, arrived
at Rio Janeiro on the 19th September, from this port, and
was about to proceed to the Rio de la Plata, to land Mr.
Hamilton the Charge d'Affaires. The Winchester, 52
(Rear-Admiral Sir T. B. Capell), touched at Madeira on
Nov. 4, in sixteen days from Spithead, on her way to Te-
neriffe, the Cape, and Bombay, to relieve the Melville.
The President, 52 (Vice Admiral Sir George Cockburn),
was about to leave Halifax on the sth ult. for Bermuda.
The Griffon sailed from the Cape on Aug. 13 for Ascen-
sion ; the Pincher arrived at Newfoundland, from Halifax,
27th October.

On Wednesday the Hope transport, Lieutenant Richard
Spencer, arrived from the Mediterranean, with two compa-
nies (relieved) of the Royal Artillery on board, with which
she proceeded yesterday to Woolwich.
The Harlequin yacht went out of harbour this morning,
to embark Lord and Lady Vernon, at Ryde, for a southern
climate, her Ladyship's health requiring a milder air. The
Mischief schooner, James Lyon, Esq., is ready for the Me-
diterranean. Lord Harborough's yacht is still in the harbour.
In Harbour.—Victory, Excellent (late Boyne), Royal
George, Actaeon, Salamander, Curlew, Water Witch,
Buffalo, store ship, and Maria, Colonial Brig.
APPOINTMENTS.—Lieutenant Hon. J. O'Grady, to the
Scylla ; Lieuts. W. S. Cooper, and Newton Powell, to the
President ; Lieut. W. Hubbard (b), to the Semaphore
station, at Putney ; Mr. J. Grazelier, Second Master, to
the Tribune ; Mr. J. J. Towsey, Second Master, to the
Pique. Royal Marines.—First Lieut. G. W. Churchill,
and Seeond Lieutenant G. Lambrick, to the Pique.

(From the Deyonport Telegraph.)
PLYMOUTH, DEC. 6.—The Pike schooner, Lieut. Brook-
ing, will be paid off on Wednesday next for re-commission-
ing. The Firebrand steamer, Mr. J. Allen, master, ar-
rived on Friday from Woolwich, and sailed again the fol-
lowing day for Dublin, to bring over the Marquis of Wel-
lesley and suite, the late Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The
African steamer has been taken alongside the jetty, to have
her defects repaired. The Champion has come into the
harbour to refit. The Hamoaze lighter sailed yesterday
with stores for Falmouth. The Diligence naval transport
sailed on Tuesday with stores for Sheerness. The Fal-
mouth lighter sailed on Tuesday with stores for Portsmouth
and Sheerness.

Lord DENMAN left the case to the Jury, who returned a
verdict for the plaintiff, thereby establishing his right to
claim wharfage from persons whose boats were loaded or
unloaded at the spot in question.

COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, DEC. 8.

SIKES AND WILKINSON'S BANKRUPTCY.
A meeting of the creditors issued under the commission
of bankruptcy issued against Messrs. Sikes and Company,
bankers, of Lombard-street, was held to-day for the proof
of debts, and the declaration of a further dividend. The
commission against the firm was issued on the 30th Dec.
1825, the banking establishment being among the first that
yielded to the commercial panic which prevailed in that
and the following year. The proceedings under this com-
mission have been of a very lengthened description. The
dividends already declared amounted to 10s. Bd. in the
pound.

Further proofs were admitted to-day, and not less than
three of the official assignees attached to the Bankruptcy
Court proved on behalf of bankrupt estates, the principals
of which have failed since the banking firm of Sikes and
Wilkinson suspended payment. Including the debts entered
during the day, the total proofs admitted against the estate
amount to 312,0151. 2s. sd. A further dividend was ordered
to be paid to the creditors, amounting to one penny in the
pound.
The further proceedings were adjourned.

In Barnapool.—Nimrod.
The crew of the Excellent were yesterday transferred to
the Boyne, which vessel is in future to be called the Ex-
cellent, and to be established as a fourth-rate, with the com-
plement of 246 men. The warrant officers of the Boyne
have been discharged to the cheque.
The Lords of the Admiralty have signified that in future
no disposable men or boys aro to be borne on the flag-ships
at the out-ports ; and that those at present ou beard are to
be discharged into vacancies that may occur in ships fitting
out under the respective Admiral's commands.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
GUILDHALL.

Yesterday, John Roach, a labourer, and a boy named
Thomas Cannon, were brought before Mr. Alderman VE-
NABLES, charged upon suspicion of having attempted to set
fire to an extensive manufactory for purifying bed-feathers
by steam, in Upper Thames-street.
The nature of the case was explained by Mr. Hamilton,
one of the partners in the establishment. It stated that im-
mediately after the men had been paid their wages on Fri-
day evening, and they had dispersed, about an inch of can-
dle was found stuck against an upright post on the fourth
floor, so near the joist abOve it, and to a partition formed
with canvass and paper at the side of it, that the latter was
charred and the former heated. The men are paid in
classes, and the prisoner Roach, who was in the last class,
being the last man who was observed to ascend the stair-
case, and having first admitted, and then denied, that the
piece of candle belonged to him, their suspicions fell on
him. Cannon worked with Roach as his assistant.
Mr. Alderman VENABLES asked if any quarrel had oc-
curred with Roach ? Mr. Hamilton said none. He had
been employed a-year, and was considered a steady man.
W. Fitzpatrick was in, the employ of Messrs. Blyth,
Hamilton, and Co., and about five minutes past six o'clock
on Friday evening the foreman sent him up to examine the
light floors of the warehouse, to see that the windows had
been closed, and no lamps left burning. This was always
done. He took the candlestick and candle which Roach
had been working by, and on reaching the fourth story he
saw the bit of candle stuck against the post as if to give a
light to the stairs. The paper was beginning to burn, but
was not in a flame, and the beam over the light was hot.
All the men had quitted the premises. He at first thought
it was only done from negligence, and went on to examine
the other rooms, but he afterwards thought it right to tell
the foreman.

Yesterday Thomas Tyler, a young man about twenty-
six years of age, was placed at the bar (Worship-street),
before Mr. BROUGHTON, charged with the wilful murder of
Margaret Ross, a fine young woman, aged nineteen, whom
he had for some time past been paying his addresses to, by
throwing her into the Regent's Canal, at an early hour on
Saturday morning week last.
The office was crowded to excess with the friends and
relatives of the unfortunate deceased and the accused, and
they all appeared deeply concerned at the prisoner's exami-
nation.
It appeared by the statement of Meadows, a beadle of
Shoreditch parish, that between three and four o'clock in
the morning above stated, the deceased was taken out of
the canal, facing the house No. 10, Park-place, where the
prisoner resided with his father ; and an inquest was con-
vened on her body in the afternoon of the same day, and
the principal witness that was examined was Mr. Tyler, the
prisoner's father, and he deposed to having been awoke by
violent screams. The beadle, in reply to questions by the
Magistrate, said that when Mr. Baker, the coroner, held
the inquest it was not known who the deceased was, and in
consequence the inquiry was taken " on view of a female,
name unknown ;" and the Jury, on taking a view of the
body, discovered " Thomas Tyler, 1834," with four dots,
deeply impressed on her arm. That circumstance, of course,
excited great suspicion in the minds of the Jury ; but, how-
ever, after they had investigated the matter as far as they
could, they recorded a verdict—" That the deceased was
found drowned, but by what means she got into the canal
no evidence appeared to the Jury ;" and thereby leaving the
case open to any subsequent inquiry before a Magistrate.
Mr. BROUGHTON inquired why the case was then brought
before him for further investigation ? Meadows said that
since the inquest he had ascertained who the deceased was,
and had informed her friends of the circumstance. The
mother felt great dissatisfaction in the coroner's inquiry,
being assured that her daughter had not committed the act
herself, but that she had met her death by violence. She
had the prisoner, to whom she knew her child had been
greatly attached, taken into custody by the police, in order
that the facts connected with the death of the deceased
might be thoroughly investigated.
Mr. BROUGHTON very closely questioned the mother of
the deceased, and she said that her name was Mary Ross,
and that she lived at No. 1, King's Head-court, Gutter-
lane, Cheapside. She was aware that her daughter had
been very warmly attached to the prisoner, but she (wit-'
ness) always thought that he would do neither her or any
other girl any good, and witness tried all she could to break
off the connexion that was existing.
Mr. BROUGHTON asked the witness, who appeared
greatly affected, whether her daughter might not have de-
stroyed herself? The witness felt convinced that she would
never have committed the act herself, as she was certain
from circumstances that she was a murdered child.
Sergeant Clarke, No. 15 of the N division, when he was
on duty and going round his beat about half-past two on
Sattirday morning week, observed the deceased standing
near the Goldsmiths' Arms public-house, and spoke to her.
He asked why she was waiting at such a lonely spot ? She
replied that she was only waiting for a young man from out
of the Goldsmith's Arms. The sergeant added that it was
a very dark morning, and the Goldsmith's Arms was about
half a mile distant from where the prisoner resided. He did
not think the deceased was at all intoxicated, but she ap-
peared to be in very cheerful spirits.
Mr. BRouGHToN—Then she did not appear to be labour-
ing under a delusion, or at all melancholy ? Witness—Not
in the least. She appeared to be far more cheerful than
persons are in general.

Mr. BROUGHTON—She did not appear, then, like a per-
son that was going to destroy herself ? Witness—l should
say nor, your Worship.
Mr. Tyler, the prisoner's father, was examined at some
length. He stated that he was a toy-manufacturer, and his
son (the prisoner) was the same, and resided with him at
No. 10, Park-place. At about three o'clock on the morn-
ing in question, he was awoke by violent screams and cries
for help of a female. 'The noise proceeded from the canal
side opposite his house, and be immediately got up and
partly dressed himself, and then went out but could see no
person. He then went to the canal and looked minutely
into the water and saw something like the dress of a female.
He instantly raised an alarm, and with assistance he dragged
a female out of the water. She was quite warm, but life
was extinct.

The witness replied " Certainly." He could not guess
how long the candle had been burning.
Thomas Ormsby was nearly the last man who came
down the stairs (about a quarter before six), and there was
no candle burning then. Four boys who work with him
came down at the same time. He did not see Roach when
he got below, but when he went into the counting-house to
get his wages a few minutes afterwards he saw Roach there.
In answer to the MAGISTRATE witness said any man
might go up stairs again after he had been paid.
Alexander Stewart, the foreman, said the business car-
ried on is that of feather-dressing and horse-hair and flock
manufacturing, and the materials are of a highly combus-
tible nature. Fitzpatrick had been absent about five
minutes, when he returned with the information about the
bit of candle. Witness saw the place and felt the beam
hot. The candle was stuck against the post by rubbing
some tallow on it and pressing the candle to it before it had
cooled. The men leave when they have got their money.
When hp saw Ti.och the next merpipsi 49 adipittp4 that
the piece of candle had been use a by him, and ibe bpy Rid

Mr. BROUGHTON—Where was the prisoner at that
ime ? Witness—ln bed asleep.

Mr. BROUGHTON—How do you know that ? Witness
Because I heard him snoring.

Mr. 13;ouLiorr—Does he sleep in the same room with
you ? Witness—He doe: not, but in one adjoining.
Mr. BROUGHTON—Might he not have got in and out of
the widow without your hearing him ? Witness—l think not.
Mr. BROUGHTON then asked the witness, as Ills Ran was
in bed asleep, why he did not wales him for assistance, as
himself
sbeelifng a youngwag?w Ttialte)s,sLnwhy, I
don't
know; than he
tist he Pima more active
it did not
strike me at the time.

Mr. BnouocuroN said it was a case that would perhaps
affect the prisoner's life, and he knew of no father that
would not perjure himself under such circumstances, and,
therefore, very little reliance could be placed on the testi-
mony of the last witness,
EieveiarYgung fetti4les with whom the deceased had been
acquainted. were next examined, and it would appear from

CHRISTMAS PANTOMIMES.—The InaPrS,
:he minors are full of activity in preparing their annual
rant
for the little masters and misses. At Covent-
garden a faid
pantomime is to be brought out by that able caterer °
scenes of fun, Farley. At Drury-lane a splendid sPect3ocllic'
in preparation, similar to George and the Dragog, dbi4
proved so successful last season, in which DucroW 81:40
knights will appear. The piece is founded on the re'
history of King Arthur and his Round Table. • let
There are at the present time resident in the 11.aiii:Isi5
of Longthorp, near Peterborough, and all in good healt ril'ef;(l
individuals, whose united ages amount to 514 years. a
are three males, of the several, ages of 88, 84, and n lati°
three females, aged 92, 85, and 82. The whole Pe„,reuas,
of the hamlet is but 265 souls.--Northampton Free I"' jo
00
EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT..--A gent Ife
the neighbourhood of this city, in riding across his flo-dpliel
days since, was suddenly surprized and alarmed t°, les
horse gradually sinking into the earth. He instailvideri
from the animal, and by so doing his own life was pro aloffot
tially saved. The horse continued to sink lower 013010
into the earth, until he had descended 150 feet. At t vl,l
he became wedged between two masses of rock, 88ppei
crushed to death. The chasm or fissure,. we are told, roZ;
to have been formed by the ieparation of the earth and°t ti%
in some convulsion of nature. The width of the fissurthiss°
surface we have not learned, but it was covered with a
thegeo,
it
which commenced giving way as soon as the weight jut
tleman and his horse was added to it.—Lexingtou APrit
ADVERTISEMENT.—To the dyspeptic Patier,o;•.f;
all persons suffering from indigestion, we can confidel-, 171'0,1
commend a bottle of Norton's truly valuable Cawletellot at,
which we are quite certain will not fail to afford Pr°ccess!of
effectual relief. So great, indeed, has been the 5_,11, one
be
tending the use of these pills, that they have becew tooy
the most deservedly popular medicines, and it is el by a oar
lamented that a spurious imitation has been preparef it ens
torious quack, called Cockles, against which we by earn
duty to caution the public. We have been assured 14aYei,e
who had really been martyrs to indigestion for se!eclige'e of
and were compelled, from the weak state of theirthe tty
organs, to abstain from every delicacy, that, by perfecof
Norton's Camomile Pills, they had in a few wee'sir eoc
recovered, which is the most convincing proof of the
„ C
as a tonic and strengthening medicine. ats'
The atrocities of a Turkish Chief, named die
Y
Bey," narrated in the new romance of " A esha." bY 010 •
of " Hajji Baba," give a vivid idea of the sort °f el'
„oat, „w-
-and refinement that exists on the borders of the Ot- are -too
pire—_we should have said existed, since the event;c "°tterej
posed to have taken place twenty years ago, were,Cou° The
well assured that similar personages may be kedsY'd in a
amidst those wilds and mountains at the preset'', toye a hod
peculiarities of eastern semi-barbarism are P°°„rolisbc,, rare)
manner that could not possibly have been acee't,', m° or.:
cot the advantages of personal intercourse, and t. *the 3,1"0ce
spirit of observation and inquiry, been possessed 13):te preuot to
We hope to see " Ayesha " classed with its favetir'eerecijr
sort, and that its success will offer still greater in ,heeiurN
the genius of the writer, to devise fresh plans for L, hitade•
tion of the valuable stores of information that ha
and 0'
been so productive of entertainment to the public'
served celebrity to himself.

On the 25th ult., at his MBrAitaßnlinielleajesty's
Jonathan Mason, Esq., of Boston, to Mrs. Isabell4 . .40,
Smith, of New York, all the United States of Alnericsa. scrl'il.
On the 4th inst., at St. Mary's Church, Devon, 5',,,,i. 11'
Esq., Weymouth, to Caroline, third daughter of the E.
Ole'
Lancaster, Warnford Rectory, Hants. Cr 0
On the Bth inst., at St. Marylebone New Church, Al
otEefsrtqrha.ec,ella,atßet:eog
jfeonththn,es.pHaroinz.. East India Company's Service? of CbeS
pEmunmgeelsitned:gh.hirtderdaughter of Peter 'Trezevant, Esq.' °
.„4108°
On the Bth inst., at '_,..t. Dunstan's, Stepney, George, f°e; Al
Dorsot, and darkness,formerly of
the
late
Jamaica.EG seqo..,
Boufehßoantacnli,ffie
sqt.o,
of 'b
clgi
DIED. Embacsy strl.6:rpeep
f Alelial
On the 7th inst., at Twickenham, Mary, relict o of
Hatfield, Esq. Psgg'l
On the 3d inst., Eliza Massa, the wife of Mr. Henn} ,ne,
Richmond-cottagc, Walworth, in her 23d year. , the P.
On the sth inst., in Dean's-yard, Sussanna, wife of . 0
Dr. Dakins, Precentor of Westminster Abbey. e, Stir
On the sth inst., at King-street, St. James's-squar
James Christie, Esq., aged 27. mt 5011
On the 2d inst., in Princes-street, Edinburgh, the ir"A--
J. E. Vivian, Esq., of Plean. Gleal
On the 4th inst.., at the residence of her sun, Ja'ne'e late -
pleton, Esq., Clapham-rise, Maria Castilia, relict of th
Stapleton, Esq., in her 77th year,

- _
Lond9n; ?opted "...rid Published by MURDO YOt
The Sum Office, No. 112, Strand.

OrFrt
, (t 7
p

after
tt

40M,
of Ste,

kIS
110
Ro,
11le '4l t
alf
Ihtitttlke

e
ts'er
the
Su
be
?'ll,b.
e°4 Onr
p,°'elock
befor
pgate-,
li tltion t,

C
GENE
I)tit
Mks 1 4.11117
t) ,urda,
itki 8
ai
(In(
t, WF
SE
YtsNl
ttt. A'S,
/I° t
eth
p er

)ANT
• PAI
4relpeetfu
PRO
t4,,tikiture, •
cornoei
1, by a sti
rend
k Private
durin
Parkt AT]

-red ---,
Oopr
le P
*)1.
; - on

rjer
Tay d~ had a
t
nnOISS
; who
444ie ted t
ova ka
„4I
e

44eti:rr41°.
ar
til)4. at t.
14Z ft the
Tht
At o‘
4xzt,„4:41
ktt; I'er
l't!Ill,'11Z to
161„ it,Nort
t 111;
4 4eto - pre;
or, artri,_
‘4.
th'll'l,)
thr
Al:

een girl e
Ile had, ec'' C
RAI E
erself to
er knew ivf
aof the wit' 0
my with t'
ten, on part' troNti)
)risoner. thtpern !he
tiP
is case, it'llle
present Irr Bo Ancti
th,
)o you 10
ba"'
bit of usig gin
lot seeod
ti''
he ha
J. Hi
v
3 a solo: poke
t
Cher tl'ihda:lth an
toe of in
ure daysan
he prisler,
personme
ounto
lown like / 6iThe Di,
lit4Cert
friends,
Ill'ati4
) undergo
1„.. Lon
,
g,tiq. after
of
the .111).,, Ay t
Lpence "e' 11*. s ' 15t1
itq'tth
e an
'cietl
offi(
sii,
.44,0
o
kil.', Ca
