THE LONDON .JOURNALS.

- -
/DAILY .EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS,

JVNIt 8, 1826.

Timms.]
It now appears—es :.indeed we had from the
.first
suspected would turn out to be the truth—that, there
is no .compromise of parties or prineipleS in the county
of Wataford‘with regard to this election, Mr. Power
as well as the other two candidates coming decidedly
to the poll. We fear, however, that the trial. about to
take place between the Bamford family:and its ante,
goniste will prove a source of much anger and exas-
peration, religious, political, and social, The . active
Interference of the Catholicpriesthood in engaging the
Bose ntry on the popular, side of the question, is a cir-
curnstanee perhaps unavoidable at such a moment, but
greatly in one.respect to be deplored. Many of the
unfortunate creatures who :are (1,1.14410 to vote from
408. freeholds' will, throngh this priestly agency, he
driven to act iii 'tits teeth of landlords on whose power
they, for the most part, together with their families, de-'
vend; and when the crisis is fairly over, the vengeance
to which their disobedient spirit may expose them isnot
very likely:to be averted by time who now urge them
to set it at defiance. This mode of canvassing an Irish
tenantry is to the last degree selfish and barbarous.: tile
servien (Mee executed into which they have been stie
dticed, the wretched victims of party will then he aban-
doned,. as no longer worth protecting or commiserat-
ing. Scotland feels no portion of the warmth 'or spirit
whielr anitnates all the rest of the United Kingdom at
the recurrence of 'a
general election. Stich art event is
not, in that self-satisfied region, an appeal to arty po-
pular, sentiment, .or to any redeeming principle of the
constitution ; it is but a now registry of an old edict,
a fresh triumph r)f monopoly
.over national right. The
most rotten of English or Irish boroughs exhibits no-
thing more close or unimprovable than the humbug of
reresentation throughout the whole -of Scotland.—
,
"'Virtual' representation" is were in a state to which
nothing can be compared for simple eAcellone
the two Councils under Buonaparte, orthe manner in
which the interests of our former Colonies in North
America were " represent t" in the British Prrrlia
relent. The Scotch of *archly we take to he the snug
fgest thing on .earth. The *oteh banking oligarchy a
ew weeks ago, by dint of cohesion and resolute ma-,
riceuvring, contrived to baffle the Ministers, the
House of Commons, and the public mind of Eng-
land, in arneiiiitiOe'of :me- highest importance to the
nation ; while the. 'electing oligarchy has,, in twenty
instances, made an equally daring and successful stand
4iga i t the very ,slightest infusion of liberty into the
constitution of that power by which Scotch membera
of Parliament are created.. And England, which to-
lerates this vicious frame ~,Ol,,representation in' the
northern part of the islaidvfirecaecordingly : she is
ruled by its servility to the ,Courts---she is preyed upon
by its rapacity—she defeated in Most attemptr to
correct her own internal abuses, by the votes of these
strangers, and thejr antipatky to all •precedenti,of
reform. It is irksome to be tied to such ~dead car-
cass as tins; hut, there seems on rational lope' of a
release, viz. that its own corruption will at length 'dis-
solve its tenacity, end that some motehealthy Substance
will, by the rotirse of nriture, if. vot awry. eflorte of hu-
man culture, one day grow' up instead of it,

[tionutN6 st]nitAt,o.)
The approach Of the election proveS that Whatever
be the fact in England, the infltience of the Catholics,
and more especially of .the Catholic Priests, has in-
creased by Vag and rapid strides in Ireland. • Counties
in which the Anti popery interest had hitherto undia-
puted-sway are .now contested vehemently. In Dublin,
the Corporation or Orange party have not been able
to get to-popery candidate, CVO for iknlere etalking,
horse. Mr. Henry Grattan, the second son of the
late eminent -person: of that, name, .walks over the
course, after having failed signally when the last elec-
tion took place Mr. (rotten was, educated and dis-
tinguisheif-in of Oratory
even there was his chief pursuit. lle naturally enough
chose for his .model ha,•father—and succeeded in
reaching some. of what was most captivating, with too
much of what was most vicious, in his father's style,
substituting tpigram for philosophy, and contrast for
dialectics. What svas still More, he imitated, and
sOl imitate; his fittlier':. Afreettid and grotesque delivery
—of the disadvantages of which he was himself sensi-
ble. When the Con began his career of public speak-
ing, his father asked,' with great and natural anxiety,
about hits ; and was told his son's manner resembled
his own ;" sn much the Worse:--,so much the worse,",
ware Mr. Ire nrY - Grattan has been,
some years at' the Irish I3ur, but k
wit.mou. mice...ng, and,
consequently without- obtaining,.,business...or distinc-
tion. His reading, especially in politics, is extensive,
having for the last dozen years looked to the represen
tation of Dublin ; and haviOg'evin heft* been looked
on by himself and others as the successor and repro-
sentative of his father's talents. His support is almost,
wholly Catholic,' for even among the Protestanta
airated liberal; he hi.not without opponents. Litu,,
stick is in the same predicament as,Dublin. The
Corporation cannot mustera candidate. In Waterford
the power of the Priests is still more strongly shown.
The Beresfbrd interest,. hitherto all powerful, is not
merely threatened, but shaken, and can surviVe, it is
said, only by a compromise, if not a coalition with the
Duke of. Devonshire-•.-era fact, which if true, does no
credit to the peak.% and only shows that political pro-
fissions are mere milieus of delusion., In fact the
most "tivsprsons wherever 'there is a contest an. the
Citholi4 prteatii.

Parties ritiCaltwonercial, agricultural, or of
whate Ver enotnination are busily uit, s+iirt; .Lt t)
present crisis, to obtain pledges Ili &you, or their
respective doctrines from the candidates at all the po.
pular elections. But the candidate, who wialtes to
guard his own independence, consistent.), and inte-
grity, will he cautious bow he fetters himself upon
any questionable subject, slid must ..especially upon all
SIICII AS have been much end recall Im I egt •
ar .
ta se talon. Upon the aim tinqualifie4 ease will, most
probably, be demanded, and yet the queetions are al.
most certainly such Al may, and must be, Tialified
by rircumstances which the electors in genera cannot
possibly anticipate. 'The questions relative to the
condition of the Slaves in our West India Colonies,
end to the proceedings which Parliament will be
urged to adopt in respect to theiri—are, perhaps, of
all others (not even excepting that of the Corn La,
t:"" uP°ll.whieh the public feelings have been lately
most strongly excited—and upon those questions it is
almost certain that the popular candidate will hicalled
upon fnr a deelaottion. Should it not, however, satisfy
verYlNkivionabie elector if tile candidate should ;mover,
that be stdceided enemy to slavery, exist it where
it rnaY, and that he will rorriote by every means in
his power its ext*
triction—. nit not without regard to
