colgistrates of the Scotch burghs might be extended to
householders paying M. ayear rent ; from the solicitors of
Dundee for the establishment of local courts ; from the pro-
prietors of stage coaches, and postmasters on the Gloucester
and Worcester roads, praying that carriages travelling by
steam and on railways might be liable to the same
duty as post and stage coaches, &c. ; and five petitions
from various places against slavery.
Sir E. WILMOT presented a petition from the coach-
men, guards, book-keepers, and horsekeepers, for the better
observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. J. JOHNSON presented a petition from Scar-
borough, relating to the shipping interest.
Sir G. CALEY and Mr. DUNCOMBE said a few words
on the subject of the petition, showing the necessity of

Mr: CAYLEY presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery, from various parts of Yorkshire; also one for the
repeal of the malt tax ; and one from the agriculturists
in the centre of Yorkshire, praying for relief. The Hon.
Member objected to the Ministerial plan, on the grounds
of ;lie composition, and in consequence of the long term
of twelve years to be completed by the
Mr. DUNCOMBE supported the prayer of the petition
for the repeal of the malt tax.

Colonel TORIIENS presented a petition in favour o.
the abolition of slavery from Bolton ; and a similar peti-
tion from the female inhabitants of Bolton.

Mr. BOLLING supported their prayer.
Mr. FINCH presented a petition from Stamford for
the better observance of the Sabbath, and one against the
Beer Bill.

After the presentation of several other petitions, the
House adjourned.

INQUEST ON R. CULLY.-(THIS DAY.

At 12 o'clock to-day an inquest was held before Mr. STIR.
LING, the Coroner, and a very respectable Jury of seventeen
gentlemen, on the body of the policeman who lost his life on
Monday last. Considerable excitement prevailed in the neigh-
bourhood. The Jury having been sworn proceeded to view
the body, which was still dressed in the police uniform, When
they returned, the following witnesses were called and exa-
mined :
Nathaniel Stalwood, of Calthorpe-street, was on his balcony,
at the corner of the street, from three o'clock in the after.
noon until late in the evening ; he saw the whole space where
the meeting was to be held. About three o'clock he saw a
caravan belonging to a person named Reynolds drawn up op-
posite Calthorpe.street as a hustings. A boy, he believed,
called Lee, got upon it, and proposed that a Chair-
man should be elected, others followed him, among
whom was the person who afterwards acted as chair-
man. Reynolds got up into the caravan and, finding
the party in it did not pay him, drove off with the whole com-
mittee up Calthorpe-street. The persons in it then jumped
out, and Lee got upon the rail, and supporting himself with
a placard board, proposed that Mr. Mee should be elected
chairman of the meeting, which proposition was carried by not
more than 100 hands. Mee then got up beside him and addressed
the meeting. The witness gave the substance of the chairman's
speech as it appeared in The Sun of Monday evening. Soon
after the chairman had begun his address, a body of the police
made their appearance at the east end of Calthorpe-street,
when he observed the chairman turn extremely pale. They
formed across the street, and marched up towards the crowd.
Another body of police came out of the White Horse Livery-
stables into Gough-street. The body that came down Calthorpe-
street halted within 20 yards of the chairman, the other body did
the same, and the men took out their staffs. They were
then ordered to charge indiscriminately, and the two bodies
united began by knocking every body down, men, women,
and children. There was no order for the people to disperse ;
the Riot Act was not read, neither was the proclamation. The
ground was covered with bodies lying in all directions. No
resistance was offered by the mob at any time, except
when a policeman was making his way towards the
Chairman, when a stout man put his hand against
the policeman's breast to stop him, but he was instantly knocked
down. The system of knocking down every one continued for
near an hour, without any attempt to take any one into cus-
tody. Observing the policemen still continuing to ill treat
the people, he addressed them from the balcony, saying, if the
people were doing wrong, they should take them into custody ;
that as the Riot Act had not been read, nor the Proclamation,
nor any opportunity given the people to disperse, in his
opinion the police themselves were the only disturbers of the
public peace, and acted illegally. Mr. Thomas, the superin-
tendent of police, called witness a scoundrel, and said that it
was such men as he that encouraged mobs like that then
present. He went into the street to put two ladies into a car.
riage from his house, and then demanded Mr. Thomas's
name, which was given him, and he begged to apo-
logize for the language he had used, for one of their
body had been murdered, which had very much exas-
perated him. He also asked witness to go with
him and see the body, which he did, at the Calthorpe
Arms. The body was laying on a table, with a slight, but
sharp wound on the left side of the breast, and as it appeared to
him must have reached the heart instantly. All the inhabi.
tants who saw the attack of the police, shouted " Shame,
shame."

By a Junoa—There were about 300 people assembled, and
he thought there were more than fifteen hundred
police. Did not think that any breach of the peace
would have taken place had the police not interfered ;
with six men he would have taken the whole into custody.
The officers of the police did not appear to have any command
over their men, nor did he see any of them attempt to stop them
from their barbarous usage of the poor women and old men.
(To be concluded in our Second Elitism)
