:poses to apply, to these practices is this : When
any parties complain by petition of corrupt prac-
tices which have taken place within six years, it will
be for the House, if they think it contains matter
which calls for enquiry, to appoint a Committee
in the same manner as they now do, to be com-
posed of 14 Members, and the one presenting the
petition. The Committee are to investigate the
charges contained in the petition, and report the
result of their inquiry to the House, and if cor-
ruption should be found to exist to a great extent,
the same course is to be followed as in the case
of Grainpound, and other disfranchised boroughs.,
The next business was connected with the great
question of slavery, which it was thought that
Tuesday night's fair and temperate discus-
sion had for the present set to rest, Mr. Den-
man called the attention of the House to the
administration of Justice to Negro Slaves in
Jamaica, and detailed many cases in which the
grossest injustice had been exercised towards those
unfortunate beings. To this, Mr. Horton moved
the following amendment :—" That the House
having seen, and examined the proceedings re-
specting the late trials of the Slaves in the West
Indies, perceives that the evils and inconveni-
rocks detailed in those proceedings are at-
tendant on the state of slavery itself as it there
exists, and proves the necessity of the improve-
ment recommended by the resolutions of that House
on the 18th May, 1823, but that, how ever desira-
ble it might he to amend the defective state of
the law in our West Indian colonies, it would not
be expedient or safe to impeach verdicts deliver-
ed by jurors impannelled according to law, and
sentences pronounced by the regular judicial au-
thorities in thoin colonies." This Amendment,
after a protracted discussion (the details of which
will be found not uninteresting) was carried by a
majority of 103 to 63.

[THE PUBLIC LESIGERI:
We have received the Paris Paper of Tnei.
day, and the Etoilo of Wed'nesday's date.
They contain, however, ,no news having the
slightest claim to interest ; and we deem
it almost superfluous to assure our readers
that they have • not a single allusion to
bear out the rumours, that were current yester-
day in the City, on the subject of our relations
with •RusSia. It was -said, for example,, that
Count Lieven, the Russian Ambassador, was pre-
paring to take his abrupt departure from this
country, in consequence of a serious disagreement
with our Cabinet ; and such various version's were
gfien of the pretended differences that we should
fill a whole column were we to enumerate•them
all. The whole of this superstructure was raised
upon, the simple fact of Count Lieven's approach-
ing departure for St. Petersburgh;.and it shews
the joyentive powers of
,the wits of the Stock
Exchange, that they have been able to pro-
duce so much entertainment with such slight
materials. For several years, this amiable
Mu' distinguished Nobleman has represent.
ed his Sovereign at .our Court, during which
tithe be hail discharged' his duties in such
a manner, we believe, as to conciliate the perfect
esteem of the British Government, and give the
most complete satisfaction at the same time to his
own Court, During the whole of this period, he
took, if our memory does not mislead ns, but one
leave of absence, which occurred at The time
that the differences between Russia and the
Porte, had begun to assume a most menacing
aspect. • Only the ingenuity of the Stock Ex-
change could discover cause of alarm, in his ab-
senting himself at the present moment, when the
relations between the two countries are of the
most friendly description, and of ethic,' we have
the clearest_proofs in the appointment of the
Duke of wellington to congratulate the new Em.
peror, and in the selection of another Noble
Duke, (who besides other high challis' to
consideration, has the honour of being the per:
somti friend of the King) to attend the coronation
at Moscow. At the same time, what can be more
reasonable than that the Russian Ambassador
should lay hold of these favourable
stances, in order to pay his dutiful respects in
person to his young Sovereign ? So fur from
seeing in this the slightest cause of alarm,
we draw from it a conclusion the most
favourable to a continuance of the harmony,
so happily subsisting between the two States.
differences had actually arisen it would
be at least an unusual step in diplomacy,
if the Ambassador quitted his post, before they
had been settled in one way or the other. It
would be as rare an occurrence, supposing such
differences really to exist, that not a hint of
them should transpire, till they presented an
aspect the most menacing. Had they existed at
all, some intlinution of them to a moral certainty,
would have been given to the public long before
now ; and from this omission alone, we should
not have the least.„ hesitation to pronounce the
whole a base fabricatioa for stock-jobbing pur-
poses.

[THE Ll'lt LSENTATIVE4
Mr. DENMAN brought forward his motion con-
cerning the state of Slavery in the West Indies
last night. The debate produced by it turned
on the topics, which have, by frequent repetition,
become tedious to our ears ; but which must be
listened to with attention, as long as we think
the possession of our colonies of any value. The
result of the debate was satisfactory to the friends
of these valuable portions of the Empire, for the
motion of Mr. Denman was rejected by 103 to d 3.
The question, as introduced by Mr. Denman, was,
as must be expected from the man, something Dar-
row and technical—something smelling sadly of
the Old Bailey. When his party selected him
43 the organ by which they were to speak, we
were prepared for something of the kind—but
the real question, hidden under the rubbish of
technicalities of law, worthy of liicks's Ball,
WEI 3 the manner in winch the West Indies must
be managed. A question it is, well worthy of
the attention of a statesman, and well calcu-
lated to occupy talents of the highest, order—
but as the mover has no pretetAions to the cba-
racter of the former, or the possession of tin
latter, he treated it like a Nisi Prigs+ advocate
picking up paltry scraps a evidence, dwelling
on petty details, making exporte statements, and
