HOUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUJBY 19.

the LORD CHANCELLOR was engaged till five Welook
in hearing appeals. At that hour he took his seat upon
the Woolsack.

The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from a place
in the County of York, in favour of the Factory Bill, and
one from the same pl..ce against slavery.
Earl BATHURST presented a petition, praying for a
better ob.,ervance of the Sabbath. _ _

-
Lord TEYNHAM seeing some of the Rev. and Learned
Prelates in the House, gave notice that on Thursday next
he would present two petitions front the county of Kent,
praying for the total extinction of tithes.
Lord BEXLEY presented a petition from the Jews re.
sident in London and its neighbourhood, praying that they
might be admitted into all the civil rights enjoyed by those
persons who belonged to the Established Church. On the
motion of the Nob'e Lord, the petition was read at length
by the clerk.
Lord TEYNHAM seeing the Noble Viscount, the Se-
cretary for the Hume Department in his place, wished to
ask him when the returns for which be had moved, re-
lative to the disturbances in Gallen, county Mayo,
would be laid on the table. Since he had made that
'notion, such evidence had been put into his hands as com-
pletely to make out the case he had then stated.
Viscount MELBOURNE sail the only answer he
could give the Noble Lord was, that the order had to be
sent to Ireland. As soon as the return arrived in this
country, it would he hi 1 upon their Lordships' table.
The Bishop of LONDON presented tour petitions, pray-
ing for the better observance of the Sabbath.
The Marquis of WESTMEATEI moved for returns
containing the names of all persons outlawed for high
treason, in Ireland, between the years 1640 and 1750,
and the date of their outlawry.
IRELAND (DISTURBANCES).
Lord TENYHAM rose, but spoke in so low a tone of
voice, that it was with great difficulty we were enabled to
collect his meaning. We understood hint to say, that be-
fore the important question of going into Committee on the
Irish Disturbances B II was brought forward, he wished
to address a few words to the House. He considered that
Bill to he a violent and dangerous infringement on the
liberties of the people of Ireland. The execution of it, too,
would be confided to irresponsible officers ; he thought, at
least, that an administration of these great powers ougt t
to be placed in the hands who were more within the influ-
ence of the law. It was, therefore, his intention to sub-
mit an amendment to the Committee.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND rose to order. This
was not the proper time to make such an amendment.
Lord TENYHAM said that he had also a motion to
make at the present moment. He wished to move for a
list of his Majesty's Privy Council for Ireland. He
thought the country ought not to be proclaimed without
the signatures and responsibility of at least six of these
Privy Council. Nothing could be more objection ible
titan that such powers should be confided to the Lord
Lieutenant. He was willing to give his humble meed of
praise to the Noble Marquis at the head of his Majesty's
Government in Ireland, and he did not doubt that he would
use those powers with due mildness and forbearance. But
the Noble Marquess was not perpetual Lord Lieutenant.
He would not remain at the head of that Government for
ever, and they knew not what sort of a Governor would
follow him ; they might have a tyrannical Governor..
they might have one like Sir Hudson Lowe.
The Duke of WELLINGTON expressed his surprise
at the tone in which the Noble Lord spoke of one of the
most respectable officers in the service. He was surprised
that he should throw out such insinuations against a me-
ritorious officer in his absence. The Noble Lord said that
the present Lord Lieutenant of Ireland might be suc-
e,eded by some Sir Hudson Lowe. Now he had the ho
nour of having Sir Hudson Lowe's acquaintance, and ke
knew that there was not a more meritorious or respect-
able officer in his Majesty's service, nor one more gene-
rally esteemed by those who knew him.
Lord TEYNHAM said, he certainly was amenable to
the Noble Duke's observations. He had, however, no in-
tention of aspersing Sir Hudson Lowe's character He had
no doubt that his private character was most excellent;

ilhe ,d
s, n a ili tio!'
but he could noe, under such a challenge, stand
n capacity in a manner which caused all EuroP thatß S
Bob
tb ,
b
house
an anLdw p,ceer,foGrom hisvero ,,r dtit,tty St.ii chelinhot;d elted
shame upon him—as a man not fit to be trusted te""
_, die
authority.
Lowe. He
Noble iiLIC:ArdT
It was directly false, for Sir Hudson Lowe had
tice_A vr
manner much to his credit, which excited goe ;iO5
probation amongst those who were best able t
ie
his meritL
incaotrufrillldaStsgfiavge wasst
lo,aoesht ol
remarksaoillteatsht
to
t tochoasntdi•
:sac tsfuair
disturbance, but those disturbance. had ~,urheadi.,
even within these few days. When those di':h the
of
ItrjoerladoCd,LOonNlyCsUixßßorY
sseaviedo, thatu,ere (7ot oaf
stthaete,dfielf:ltbtreeer.
first commenced they could have been put doWl?
Magistrates of the different counties done to7_ eet -
Carlow, with which he was connected,
iste:rbiese
of the disturbed counties. When the d 0,100
first arose there, the Magistrates wrote to hitryitaid
t t 0
what was best to he done upon the subject fl.t. the re'
that they must enroll spec constables- tc.ir'itia'r, heard
gular constabulary force of the county.—(tiewequeeee
Thty had not followed his advice, in (1)
resort i
'l-)ifiorewls'eicvhereit
these persons sheuld be visited upon Pelbso set
measures.
dsonroosw liirwonasie
hard
dcestsharyat
the
had fallen into crime more from ignorance irehooo
thing elsea If the measures with reaped to. id be:
which Sir Henry Hardinge had proposed had
carried into execution, in his opinion the toile*
h ve
frightful state of things would riot ..a n
_
He begged their Lordships to conceive a aoctureiring.
into the most private recesses of an humbled °,OO Dot;
'night be a subject of laughter to their Lordship* !
to the individuals who were subjected to it.
to
did nut require to be told by him that the fool' 0$
Idaenadreeposassessteh(elirthoewofeelcinougsotroyfmnanneednlty4 in ag 11e2141;01
Heart
be
therefore in the Committee, he would Move; t the Oti,tl
,hose to whom the power of search was given br ' .4"
came to a house and called on the names of chow teh°".6ll,l •
to be in it, those who did not answer 0100
' deemed absent. By this means, that great power sieer,
was given by the Bill would be more inn,°,olo4
'Those domiciliiry visits even in the present state o!
could not be allowed Same instances had come to hod 0,10
ledge of the manner in which this power ha Joirer.
under the last Insurrection Act. He had known an 4, O.
of female beauty to transplant a brother, or a lore"%iees
toolod in his way for no other offence than beingo
imself. He had also known a magistrate to °II;
or imprison a creditor, because he had asked for his lot be
was sorry to interrupt the business of the Hoot ore
could not well avoid it, being one of those who h
been looked uhpadteonbeyd, theaad lowztlyoredrerresd,oyf
etthe 1,
itoitopoe
l i:ali
,3,4 be allowed that they should say that the Houseone
could legia'ate in a different spirit than another 098,41.1-11
!chaff of the people, who had had so much to Oil- der
them.—(Hear, hear, later.) Within those t
sac 0(
lie had taken reports of two trap o°.
in the county of Clare, from the Irish Weil' e 104
them stated that itinerant dealers had genterfew'
the chapels in that county, and had '-beriti
acswaniissrtelh%:.ve
ar.
nthemhGdeohssas.
deiadttts theirtewhnastts
oh written
rmehi
rate:dee meetings,
onntgitostu:
roaee
podnodl
iitenbeteaott
sht,:htbtehi esficar Io
no longer afford protection to the perPtebte,rlnottlile!„,-,1
such crimes. He begged their Lordships to L." ,t
passage in the answer, "No longer."—(Cries 0' (A,
hear, hear.") The other case was one of an cetbr,
proclamation, which was posted up upon it de4
chapel. Tne ',neat desired a policeman to take rest e§
which he not only di dined, but did so with 6 g ,0J
of abuse. The priest then wrote to Sir W. Gossett'be-19
only answer that gentleman returned was, that
nothing at all of the case. The fact was, that; e)t
country the under places in the Governtoeo
so filled, that even an angel from fiesveferietiee.
not fill the office of Viceroy of Ireland with sou'ilied
that country. The Nobleman who at potent 401
office had been most popular ; but the order, "11 to
nated from him had been executed by his offitterl tie;
erent a spirit that that popularity proved most li:ed te!
The Earl of WICKLOW said he had listen off,
speech of the Noble Earl, and all he would saY
''
that it was the moat inconsistent and uncon
speech he had ever heard delivered in that 10,10.01,
part of it he could not allow to pass ti'tieet.'„,
servation. He could not sit in that House 110,4101,,F
expressions cast upon the great body of the 14
in Ireland as had fallen from the Noble Earl'. iiot
giving them his most unqualified control' ot
(Cries of " Hear, hear, hear.") He b id, n
• • a t AL.,61, Var. .01
h, ;11 _

.oed times, nor ,ad he been so reuses „
with turbulent measures as the Noble Ear) (Pe'nr'e9;,
lie had lived long enough in that country "„ducl' 104 '"
him to give his unqualified approbation to the c°'ilicol'
,11ty
the Magistrates of Inland as a general body. "-1/4 tit
The Marquis of WESTMEATH &fended tbde tAri 11:4 tChan'
of the Magistr rtes of Ireland, who he knew
ha a
Ov
duty. He denied that they ever wished to have t 13t1t141:1 t
dinary powers intrusted to them. On the conulterY:l It°Ntli•
ttished that if any extraordinary powers were gir,n-a ▪ ttt,t'tt)-111,0
might be intrusted to other hands. Much °u''',,e'ur t▪ trNly
been cast on the Irish Magistrates, but he had neo,or dasld
or heard one instance of oppression by them. Ihiolg,: and
that if they had sworn in the respectable inba`'-oe ;'R le
at
special constables, outrages might hive been stclitor'll
that had been tried without effect; indeed, Part,l'ile tr,l I„,t
succeed, when the very police were murdered ty",, wi
forming their duty ?—(Hear.) Not more thre-00/ Ntip
elkti
months since, a gentleman's steward, returning;r°bi,!);
lingar at 4 o'clock in the open day, was kiliva,' 00, e:it• C°,l' 1
were torn out, and his brains scattered about °Jeri et.'4lk `4ll
bouring hedges. There were four houses not ov ire° °C,i "t
distant from the spot, and yet, when Sir B• r, Otter,'
sembled the constabulary, and tried to discover -$11Y; kll)t Lott
petrator, the inhabitants of those houses }'"rove
tempted, despite the evidence before them, to k,„ki'r;
no such murder had ever been committed--"knrlti til:tlt
while in this, or in any other country in the Mende
people would have endeavoured to forward the d' 111 41'ea.
justice. iC 04 14,, 44)e
The Earl of LIMERICK, in a very low toae'ati'v
sated the conduct ot the Magistrates in the '4041 reit toltl,• 4f
County from the aspersions of the Noble Lord Sell I
Of Lord De Vesci, in particular, he could deck v tltmio
was inferior to no man in intrepidity and eners,,Yooll"
Noble Lord (Cloncurry) had introduced a cortesr,,,lll:; Itt'treatl
'tt
maintained with two priests—with two priests, 11'elich, tItN ,L 1
—from which it appeared that same Methothst ,101, Ottliht
by interfering with the meetings of the peoPle 51'100 ttliZtto''„t`
and funerals, had produced much disturbance. • NI)
priests had tried to check, but unsuccessfully' •11/0,
,asked, how was it possible that peace could Prelpt ▪ itdet 444
such proceedings were permitted ? Such a state th:vl
with peculiar grace from the Noble Lord, conaecoo;, toti htfjPe
was with the County Carlow, where an excellent do/0 AN:11 411
existed—where an establishment was formedof • ,th 'f„
who excited the lower orders to insurrection• "bee k,th.t
The Earl of CLONCURRY, explanation, °be 1• ),'1,!141
that he bad maintained no correspondence with:et 11,' o'' tet,tiltil34l'l
in question. It existed between them and 5,, fill (II
set, who had answered their application aft r '1'1;0;1) tr,"‘ltd'r\t'
The motion was then put and carried, after if;
House resolved itself into a /3,t 14
rC,
TenMrhge
persons
erTe .;crorunmEs
iEiguohtnitOdceiNoirallvtlhTemeHereapEalcisdlneßnwttloiStAhsHuctsthpCeetcOofitErteablitnatCeteitras°ool,otlosi?o
meeting was held. f ,kh,•ti
Lord WYNFORD proposed to introduce I°,o 14V1
that the authority already possessed by Magi't,'l,,te#ll;ol
Tens
of
l m
etnhaosatet be curtailed er(dt,
rai
tli.enhdtrib' y:iianonittyl lutehsdincogl
clauses
ui ins
sntlhase:vouur ed
bneet c•il 'tar4r: „
framed upon the 10th Geo. IV., and be inters u— totAiji
!believe, tt,'l,lth,,
By one his Majesty's Government, when thd re, t° ~.1114411
formation that an unlawful meeting was abat'j fof ,74,4
place, were auttioriz:d to seize the funds collect; sol1)1,
meeting. By the other, the .Attorney-Goier toil:111
powered to institute legal proceedings sgsit° • ~,1114.
of them, and to recover doub,e the amount' Vol `it .t
019 t,
Great mischief had been done in Ireland ley's. ° piaisstt,'
sctiptions. Money bad been called the 'll Nth. 41,
and he would say it was the sinews of ruiectde rti,„,•411
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that Ile 40,01 t''lttle,
„
kl,llll
•
jection to the introduction ot the provls", pof.
general saving clause effectually prevented th,eote Tae e
of trenching on the present powers of Wag' of ~gthl'
to the other clause— t
Lord WYNFORD withdrew his motions at th
111, th 13
4°141,1411t
of a Noble Friend near him.
Lord HAItROWBY made some observ4ti°ll'' Nilki
ore ti al were inaudible. bed
The 3d, 4th, sth, 6th, and 7th clauses ukd
ert
passed without opposition. o,d pest 84,
Oa the Bth clause being read— 't ae"ledi t
The Earl of HARROWBY thought el) j. fte4
eranancgt
exceptthat, atin tia,epurosuclaalithnoeudr
odfisptriivcitn,enlrbvei,,,l!,:,oolo; Itt;t4ll 4)1.!
t th
Latinhon figrest
that
tould clausebe strictlyshould pbre9bdibeletmeta
meanor, be tried and convicted under the Pria.e.ol.,lol
th
The Earl of WICKLOW perfectly undery
kkis,

rd
in • . •
tri
ka insetting tho;c additionel clauses; but
lab "Fels
priest r.eurrean objection to make to the first. At
jpe and u• .in the habit of having bells in their
it depo yre,, causing them to be run. To this no oh..
ia,
brn4ardeev, though he believed the practice quite
tvl 7:loere, er, a clause to the effect proposed were
Ala bh was it:t4eight legalise the use of bells in chapels,
Present unlawful. He thought it right to
sAI pria'aLe LOAD of his views on the subject.
D .ald the use of.- horns was extremely
'lot ear GRRy said,
, by the
use
id, that as so much injure had been
datiei ha,li ;otrre,. of horns and hells, he hail ro objection
mid wh. pe,.4
.-auction of the clause. He admitted that fires
of frig „.4 tertil h used an beacons
ditniotteo ;. e already existe, , but he believed that, by laws ,
e—as, for example, some which re-
•• eV° • 'hi
d''tt tbe 'Y to tl pr rhihited. He w~'
60,
dill,
tin.; ,oiaz
th';gohbnjgeTt ot7ntfihreesclavieirsee, I
lia
it miolit b r by
their ope 04..4 d EL„"e Acts,
e made more'
LENBOROtic t I • fee 1.12
VO''„,,ce§ "clap n't also .fr'.enilLly to 'the
distareeld eel.. was Sure that in 'it: preset',
da" "el its pur t state it would
and
the° • 4'l ' lIERESPiaP(n'es,
Flz tj re' •it 41t1 thatrefer red to ti' e bonfires of Carlow,
eith rs't t he timitelat t' the .
Bear,t
epee aikawer eat
.rJause would not, as it
the eta rl obje.et of the Noble Earl.
Cosa',of eat LY here r,
wort adiead. se from th ..,ferred C.o the Smuggling Acts, and
It'Am, Wl'eich he thought might be in-
t'h"etau 4After scene
people sey should .11ctber abou
,ce 00104 by, bef 'conversation, it was agreed that a
'llk ewe 1) red to meet the views of Lord Flar.
to eeee
• ha° •itt urtecreng up the report, and then added to
,re
the ' clause ap ointine • • I
have ar'arc° tee ref e courtstnartia ,
erred to the amendment placed in his
it_ Ztoo.:Yhtethe. Duke of Wellington. After givii-g it
taiiotee; • itottitiliee:',twitUn•.,lie had no objection to that part of the
P .eaeglioire provided that the president of the
leo/ ail a 'otild not be under the rank of a field-officer.
(0.51 PProval of the proceedings of the courtenartill
nas " 'hate l'''nee was •
ees „to latdetvoeht
_e carried into execution, he was afraid
earths,•itet,"o eupy too much time. A great deal de.
f.
the r. 41
1:1.-.1.(1,1 cases on the celerity with which the
vy:bo 11,..e_ar. carried into ex ,cution. It wis the
lose %,,,„ia ' at,t'reeraed"iivatl courtaimartial, that they c•rried the Ben-
aver 5° kelt! rein: e,IY into execution, while military Courts-
;
„seer eae lei sewed the consent of the King, or soneeone
su-
re
v ion'4wsl "Y 1110 f
01) apri,, acia_or that purpose. He was disposed at
eikorbeit Pt the practice of naval courtsmartial ; but ou
aate 0' per
to to ni' ,•ted eiit;tta tteg the peculiat hies of the case, he 'would assent
4.itton':itl'itart of the amendment. He had no personal
ser b" fifer
anal' 3 eV • •te, the a 'er to the Noble Duke's proposal of stating
a leiv,earetxiota; •t;at.to hutt)lh,,or.ity of the
.King is
given to the Lord Lieu-
Aigialee.ol... I tourtsmartial ; but be believed that it was
in4aa° tenlic )• the )8., He thought that it was clearly provided
ite bite
for los ,at ,ier hale 'd• He should wish, therefore, to leave out
flower voloa th.ithlietiattory
part, or preenable of the Noble Duke's
rho bad e,."ittot..tea: not required. The Noble Earl then read
of th.treos; t he pr,,poaed,
to carry the views of the
,House
ete
,lha int. ,ff,t.
e'! uf 'WELLINGTON, after hearing the Noble
Aber 11eu ,01P, ' ela`n i
at he still wished ta retain the declaratory 'art
h od4 ti'tk'ttlee u 'e• The antlioritei for heloine courtsuiartial
ats.a:ctike!ii 4:ltii,lyatatii:nna his Majesty, ar .d he wished that to be die-
eit,tat, fo_etl,in the Bill, for the sake of the Lord Lieu-
ap tr eoi;
i 0 a'ttet make of the p eople, and for the sake of the
d g Toe.erete! a,,,ailiofhile, selves. If tit ,ire were no objections to the
had
b'ocialtif
1," amendment, e should deaire that they might
ily e had written them. He wished it to be it
s.
their lap
'tt "erste l tb'e people and the army, that the
bject'. 8 of fijfrr
1144
..oth0!
the facie opoo:i otessetanen. !rig, to do with this matter but as a duty,
teat theiatol Justice /could not be administered in the oriii-
perpet
etiTeeo p
14.1;,,fr.„41 wi ched that the military should be kept
s tit ~ „t it.,44,1.ah,ti1e eople- He thought that the courts-
Ties 019ert ,i'.ae:',44tenanttry nobody but those persons whom the
of an 004 aokkh, s ot•dered them to try, and that the sen-
an a 3 0, tkr:ki not be- carried into effect but by his orders.
Ite oe .th leek are of tl •
to ta rest
.tr ata. rtsan_ 'e ' ifference between naval and mili-
tko,ts.iferen artial,
vith a g
to by the Noble Earl, but for
Gossett, heel fit, tov,
the ee ther e was a very good
.reason. The Act
tha.ht3rie 11)1 order courtsmaitial ought to be re-
ras, "" at v:e Ptit', and .' in order to show the ground of the pro-
svernirica cori al on order to make the officers understand the
Ilealoatiiibi toes: at irr /illicit they were called upon to act. It was
eh saint ate sly ti ,Portance that the officers should understand
at U. ly tie
nese'. eiatt,, pt. source and extent of their duty, and on that
orders .00' rt,aityt.r,te'd°,4 be thought it was of great importance that
offiee°,,,etiee toings of all the courtsmartial should he sub-
twist tr`i to the Lord Lieutenant, and the sentence confirmed
i listene'ree" „lake
uld sItY `4.1 :I,.'lN't'afttri 0f WICKLOW wished to remind their Loed-
sot te
une,oo pti,14411.
r)lb e n Ireland was formerly in a state of circum-
• 10.1a•at
,s? 'A 4t at ar to the present, nothing was found so effica-
ass svi,tbearlie teititirthi e immediate punishment of delinquents. He
Ise anni,iolooi afftt"iteed therefore, that to allow the sentences to be
the IS,'"o,ithe riaft, tiy the Lord Lieutenant would diminish the
ie Eariciedoll:e o.44,littel'e law.
eontranot pt'll 40 CHANCELLOR was aware that in these
h t ty "alibi circumstances, the celerity with which the
tt,era f
vulaciitr th:;owel. the trial was of considerable import-
. „tear) ehi eerie_ same time, there would not he that great in-
irl--(" to apt; aeqi eby referring the matter to the Lord Lieutenant
ountry triettle Noble Lord seemed to apprehend. In fact,
to the e" Oer' 0? itiet
1.11, tw_ Was concluded the court might adjourn for
body'l cop ti a as on other occasions courts adjourned over
,ende.loid doe" 0, then•i? meet again when they received the confirms-
ewoh,„,e aSti:te ',pyre the Lieutenant, which they would then pro-
tet."tha
ine sentence of the court, and that sentence
he en 'sod, "nrnediately carried into effect. &riding the
vere tia,',t,shge' of the court to the castle, or wherever they
loch °.,eeet ia en,cnnfirtned, while the prisoners were still in
e had ;wee, kat 114.0 not allowed to communicate with their friends
lam
.:bitsiiv .\47, therefore occasion any great inconvenience or
ile inu „eke t 4 aPprehended that the inconvenience which the
been ste/01,0014iif salid autri2l.readed as diminishing the effect of the Bill,
ed,
eiToreilettit ti(t4'.• Roth
from assenting to the Noble Duke's amend-
rder etteati'n respect to the observations of the Noble
more "'fro ;0,,
ve to the prerogative of the Crown, he could
urninged; eiie4!•; ti liable
gar
Duke that it was in the Bill neither aban-
as kill 44; tl gerenched upon.---(Hear.)
about t'oty,i te,ik of IttY wished to observe, that, besides the general
not oce •e 0 Ar;ide the
Le' tee king's prerogative in the Bill, it should be
it R• the ii tt„..te that the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland held all his
discover tk tee
seta . ter, „King's representative, and any power given
,uses rote ekse_of Lieutenant was given to him as the represen-
F(fle'Hit lCireat4te King • and it could not, therefore, trench on
nide'''. 003 e ° Pr ero ;*
_34 ga we. He must still object to the pre-
in "'be e eP as Jatatory part of the Noble Duke's amend-
,•ard t iod th ;he arli c't necessary.
tiptli4Reeee.nritnent, as proposed by Earl Grey, embodying
loft/ t‘ohefit of 111 of the Duke of Wellington, with the ex-
in oprei thethe preamble, was agreed to.
ale Leoen,.l., yell fi!th clause being read, empowering these courts
Id d etlces Which might be tried by courts of oyer
nd e"e :000aoli qe", &c.,
a eerie r, fe, set 'LEY
„ to, pr , Proposed a verbal amendment.
priest-, roe teh'LENBOROUGH wished that it should be
Ahoilist P eistaht ether
, r 11, r these courts, which were to try offences
people eases tte courtsmartial and to courts of oyer and ter-
.-banee* sodko !Iltt'lli4.lte_t,ii proceed according to the forms observed by
isfullY ;eeail lyt „4.141 or according to the forms observed by courts
„ad
taptreop 4tie,rininer. He was desirous that it should he
a tad iffr 1,4'11,re 'en of the forms the courts were to adopt, be-
d, n_ooo:,,ta •ttaol.)ekWas great difference between them.
excelter fif e of WELLINGTON was not acquainted with
aped°. r t 5 y, G °Yer and terminer, neither were officers of the
diet)• toe, at iar t
o , of Y were acquainted with courtsmartial and
anattuli'the 'a ipoht proceeding observed in them. There could
•ie syltsir klatitise of' he supposed, that the forms observed should
and
,i„e d t:tr eourtsmartial, and not of courts of oyer and
aft "•• lai•'•' '<Nerd
i
I, after vi eio ••
ll i ,rORD suggested that the words oyer and
„OP, th qttn,,,ul4 be omitted from the clause.
aERC-1 0,0,4 ttipt L•Y would have no objection to insert words
first CIO r alase
,010(3 d4l.oe,uit, providing that the proceedings of these
a enter o.oo' ties 's' t,'„' be according to the forms of courtsmartial.
t that
Pipe NW BOROUGH wished that their Lord-
,ca a itte eltltto ,high ,remember that this was an entirely new
oun
totes oe itt tne..
e were about to create, and care must he
Mag"• 00 p° 11:41eis,"ucing many amendments, to make the
meet' or• tlt„-eut.
sent Baled te V Otte e, as
tt 'ltti J 2 amended, was then agreed to.
inte;iO4:iii
t„t'si then agreed t
d tbereeeil lit‘hiee 'XLOW " o-
Id I h
they •to L:tt,4 he
.• aving strong y urge t aat t e the
, ley 4 Ma% entitled to the assistance of Counsel at the
as a
it r
Bee AttlNl
C° 31 ch -ARVON remonstrated against detaining
.Genr e ' the k" is
•st t 4 under the stigma of an offence ; con-
,,r

i that
00. lit
that Sir
t.'d in that
'ope tO 624'
witla

duct aft
udoo
Sir a "
,t asse"i°
a acted .
Efers'
gtoe ,i°4l;e

beiro ' e
Ng sub tok kt, very person should be immediately dis-
stool' to° i 0 `toii,,(lttitted by the cour'martial.
nd bY rs "t u CI-1A • •
l'ilt,ttite re CHANCELLOR said that the courts-
ae , 011 ti„,, °t possessed of executive power; the pr le
ntiec`i bso 5,:ti1,,q14,1 it's therefore, be discharged until proper ap-
th3t it,tt.,,,,it:„";!::ad! to, the Lord Lieutenant. Till his
roviso,
'et) n, it would not be competent in the
ted tb:t ote
r o Cl:/t}t L"
person accused.
et' i 411„ ttiis ~..made an observation to the same effect.
t tii° 14 fit ts tt 7att then agreed to without observation.
)tion' 1 u °din,
kedge of of the 15th and 16th clauses,
titt°'' l6 WELLING fON said he considered the
bserv3 stOk th
,ere okte tunes unnecessary. The summonses
clauses st itial Le I,f,"R th from the Lord Lieutenant or the officer
hesogkii '1'11) district.
ore' )te,tetiset,l CHANCELLOR said, that the courtsmar-
-4 441 ,ill:l,etile power in themselves, nor had any
tbterj,e.'ebeo°
rts, 'oe L.' under this Act. Those powers were
nO ao
t ecta °4l Lie
Serv-ce'reo- 04 -0. eLieutenant.
Any pet, s to the further conversation, the 16th clause was
'ltv ° jt;"eg'
gut •
proe' j 4Ckitause being read,
iderstoo Prste \V protested against the enormous ex-
t'tive of mercy which was hereby vested
