LAW AMENDMENT BILL.

The LORD CHANCELLOR Stated that he wished
their Loidships to discharge the order for the House
i,oinv, into a Committee on the above Bill (which stood
for to-night). in consequence of a co:ninunication which
he hid received from a Noble Friend of his at present at-
tending the assizes, who would be able shortly to attend to
his du.), in t. is House,
Earl FITZ WILLIAM presented a petition from Bray-
brook, praying for the hoot' of slavery.

The Noses EARL moved for a teturn of the counties
and burghs in a I tie Miff rent dioceses in Ireland.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH wi.lied to know if the
Noble Earl would state his reasons for making this.
motion ?

Earl FITZWILLIAM said that he was desirous that
the House shi,uld be in full poAsession of the effect which
would he product d by a tne3sure which was at present in
the other House of Parli intent

The M minis of LANSDOWNE referred the Noble
Earl to some eucles.astical work which had been lately
published.
The Bishop of LONDON said he hoped no opposition
would be given to the motion, as he thought it very im-
portant; indeed the House, in his opinion, could not
form an accurate opinion upon the question which
he thought world soon be brought before them, if t
were not put in possession of some such information as
that at pres, nt moved for by the Noble Earl. lie would
revoniniend to their notice an ecclesastical work published
by the Secretary of the Board of First Fruits.

The motion was then agreed to.
His LORDSIIIr gave notice that, on Tuesday the 30th
of April, be should call their Lordships attention to the
present state of the law with regard to the importation of
foreign corn in this country.—Adjourned.

H()USE OF COMMONS, M4RcH22.

The SPEAKER ti-ok the chair at ten minute. past five.

Mr. Preston, from the India House, presented return.
relative to the Deccan prize-money.
On the motion of Air. GUEST, a notice was ordered
to be sent to the House of Lot ds, requesting their Lord-
ships to furnish a copy of the report of the Committee
appointed in 1827, to inquire into the fees and charges
payable on private Bills.
Mr. Alderman WOOD moved for returns relative to
-pirituous liquors, and also returns relative to segars,
tobacco, ant snuff.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY presented a petition from the
proptietors of the Grand Junction Canal (Birmingham),
vrayin4 to be heard by Counsel againit the Birmingham
and London Rrilnty.

Mr. WINDHANI obtained leave to bring in a Bill for
the better etnploymetit of the poor in a hundred in Norfolk.

HERTFORD ELECTION.

Mr. BERNAL, the Chairman on this election, appeared
at the bar, and i•tated that he was instructed to move the
House. at the suggestion of the sitting Member, acceded
to by the Council, for permission to adjour.n, at the rising
of the Committee this day, to Alonday, in consequence of
the absence of material witnesses.—Agreed to.
