NORWICH DEC. 10.

STATE OF THE POLL BETWEEN 2 AND THILF:E O'CLOCK.
Lord Stormont
Sir James Scatlett
Mr. Gurney
Mr. Ker 1,394
A serious disturbance having taken place, the polling
was suspended at the above hour.
[ln confirmation of the above, we understand from a private
correspondent, that so high was public excitement at 3 o'clock,
that the Tory polling booths Were set on fire and demolished,
in consequence of which the further polling was suspended.]—
ED. SON.

ROYAL BOROUGH OF OLD WINDSOR.
Yesterday the nomination of candidates for the above
borough took place at the Town-hall. Long before the
time appointed (11 o'clock) the Hall and every avenue
leading to it were crowded to excess.

Afcer the usual formalities of reading the precept,
bribery oath, &c.,
The MAYOR, in an appropriate address, solicited a
patient hearing for the several candidates.
Dr. FERGUSSON, proposed John Rambottom, Esq.,
the faithful representative of the borough in seven suc-
cessive Parliaments, as a fit and proper person to be re-
turned on the present occasion.
Major BRINE seconded the nomination.

Lieutenant• Colonel BRIDGES (barrack-master) said that
he had rose from a bed of sickness expressly for the purpose
of nominating a gentleman who, from his family con-
nection., independent of his gallant services to his country,
was, in his opinion, every way qualified to be one of their
representatives. He proposed Sir John Samuel Brooke
Pechell, R.N.—(Cheers, and loud disapprobation.)
Mr. THOMPSON seconded the nomination.

WILLIAM RA ?MALL, Esq., in an energetic address, pro-
posed a third candidate, Sir John Edmund de Beauvoir.—
(Loud cheering.) He (Mr. R.) stood there as a staunch
and firm supporter of his Sovereign and his Government,
and he would not therefore permit it to be said because
they proposed to have a representative of their own
choice that they were to be called radicals or agi-
tators, although Sir John Edmund de Beauvoir had
only appeared at a late period, which might be termed the
eleventh hour ; yet such was the success of his canvass
that his return was all hut certain.—(Cheers.) He
would not advert to the merits of his friend, as they would
have an opportunity of hearing him himself. His prin-
ciples were identified with tho,e of the electors, and he
therefore, with p:easure, proposed Sir John De Beau-
voir.—(Loud cheers.)
JOHN ?WTI, Esq. (a member of the Corporation), se-
conded the nomination.

Mr. MiLtan. here attempted to address the meeting,
and made some remarks on the Church establishment,
which were considered so offensive that he was not per-
mitted to continue his address.

Mr. Ilasisnorrost, in an able speech, returned thanks
for the unsolicited patronage he had received on this, as
on the seven preceding occasions that he had had the
honour of addressing them.—(Cheers.)
Captain Sir JOHN S. B. PECHELL, next attempted to
address the meeting, but from the great opposition made
to this gentleman (who is considered to be a Tory no-
minee) not a sentence could be heard of his address.

Sir JOHN DE BEAUVOIR came forward amidst loud
and long continued plaudits. We regret that want of
space compels us to give but a very brief and mere outline
of the topics of his eloquent address. He declared him-
self to be the advocate of no party or political faction, he
would not be biassed by any party feeling either from the
Whigs, the Tories, or the Radicals.—(Cheers.) He so-
licited their suffrages alone, on his solemn assurance to be
the strict and impartial advocate of the middle classes—
that truly British sheet-anchor of the country.—(Cheers.)
After alluding to the agricultural distresses of the yen-
manry, who in former days had achieved all the liber-
ties of which this country could so proudly boast,
he declared himself determined to promote a re-
duction of taxation—a reform in the church eats-
blislatnent on a scale in which, in his Opinion, no
curate should receive less than 2501. per annum ; no
pastor more than 600/. ; no Bishop more than 1,0001. ;
and no Archbishop more than 5,000/. per annum.—
(Loud cheers, and cries of " It is too much.") He de-
clared himself friendly to the abolition of negro slavery,
&c., and concluded his able address amidst loud cheers.
The MAYOR then put the nomination of the several can-
didates to the show of hands, and afterwards declared the
choice of the electors to have fallen on Mr. Ramsbottom
and Sir John de Beauvoir.—(Loud cheers.)
A poll was then demanded on the behalf of Sir John
Pechell, and the Mayor ordered the poll to commence.—
(This day. )
A unanimous call was made for Mr. Lloyd, a friend of
Sir John de Beauvoir's, who had addressed the electors
during the week.
Mr. LLOYD rose and thanked the Mayor for his kind
permission. In addressing that meeting he had to con-
gratulate himself on having obtained an early education
which would debar him from using language unbecoming
a gentleman ; but on oc,ce.arstioiniasily,likeit twh,e)uhpirebseenstuch
as a
certain lattitude was given ; and if, in the course of
his address,
spoke personally,
feelings, and he would
touch notucht to w
he subjechtoeul
dt
with a light pencil. It was measures,
and not men, he wished to speak of, in alluding to the
Corporation. They are, as a body, hateful in the eyes of
their fellow townsmen, but he would say, in the language
•

•
•
Y.
of charity, " He pitied ;Item, for they knew not what they
did."—(Cheers.) The idol of their wishes has been
kept from view ; but the meeting, many ot• them at least,
must have been mournful spectators of the funeral pro-
cession that took place yesterday in the town, when
the corpse advanced in the person of the Gallant
Captain through several streets, fol!owed by the
corporation as chief mourners—(Laughter)—but as be
(11r. Lloyd) promised them on Saturday evening that
they would be obliged to expose their subject or mummy,
as he then called them, on this day they unfolded the
shroud of 2,000 years, and displayed to view the Gallant
Captain, whom he had no doubt was deserving of the
eulogium passed on bim as a brave man ; and no
doubt his Majesty considered him in that light, or
he would not have named him as one of his
Naval Aides-de-Camp. No doubt the Gallant Captain's
political principles, if fully developed, would assi-
milate with those of the other Gallant Candidate, Sir
John de Beauvoir. He had the honour of knowit g
his family for a period of twenty-five years, and it would
be an insult to his feelings, if he were to suppose that any
thing that he could say would be of any service, beyond
the fact that Ireland gave him birth. So long back as
1814 he put on the phillibeg, and wielded the claymore
in defence of his country, and now stood before English-
men in the hope of being their political representative.
Mr. Lloyd concluded by paying a very high eulogium on
the Mayor for his impartial conduct in the chair.
The meeting then adjourned, after giving three cheers
for the King and the three respective candidates.
