ROYAL FAMILY OF SPA MY.

FlovsT
MIMOR IA t which the Representatives of the Royal
160N4tef Spain, Donna CAR.LOTA lUAQUINA DE 13,01 JR•
Princess of Portugal anti the Brazils, and Don I
Spain.
• dcA,kk. 4VIS DE B9D it 110 N Y BR A Get y.4,Z , Infant of Spain..
PtliP4l to his Royal highness the PR:
•Pteu4Kal, that he may deign to attend to, pros and
to tljA4,4 the,acrett rights which their August houie has
• Ailp-e'uhrone of Spain and the Indies, which Throne the,
ntillei;')rof the French, by means of an abdication or
viole"'t,on executed under the most atrocious and detestable
1)04.r.1.,,ce,' has recently torn from the hands of the IN.,
of ••ititt.os IV. and their Royal Highnesses the I rince
Aigit.r,,irruic,RA,s, :and the. Infants Don CA XLOS and Don
ie:` The rn 1 1
eleiancnoly accounts' received from Spain,
taletlg—tl occupation of the-Capital 'and princi7
r ts- by the French, the declared enemies of the
_own of Portugal duct
to that of and not less hostile in their.con-
S.,l;n, deeply afflia ; inasmuch
If3;t7e/,at "113 tnotn‘lent, foresee the slavery of the
sa-l'ul and generous Spanish nation, and the, con-
equent ruin of the Throne of our ancestors.
;" The 'irregular conduct of the Emperor of the
Tench, mid the unjust proceedings of his Generals
414' other Ministers, long since afforded its abundant
s?lives to manifest those just feelings of resentment
eit!b, at the time, we thokight proper to stile iu
,selice; considerintr that 'the aid of our-voice was
erasehet necessary to aisplay the reason and justice of our
4use, outraged by the despotism of an alwlute and'
, power : but now that we are apprized of
4perfidy with which, under the pretext of a
"uIY conference, the King, the head of our
W°4Be, and the branches of our family in Spain,
Fre persuaded to trust their persons in the hands
t who menaced their rights, ours, and those
he.. all im
the subjeets of the King of Spain—a perfidy
aba.l"rh they were forced to sign formal acts of
outiPation and renunciation, and individually carried
of the kingdom,.to be confined- in places already
110111.(1,with the blood of other branches of our
I! I. : filled with horror at such proceed-
"f 've fnitik it our duty to implore the assistance
c3ii..Y`',." Royal Highness, as our immediate natural
~gain and
.ProteEtor ; intreating -youe -assistance
flst the propagation of this system of usurpation,

which swallows up all the States of Europe one after
another ; and soliciting your Royal Highness's 'in-
terposition in favour of our House, that by yoor
power and influence you may place us in a condition
(as the nearest relatives of the King of Spain) to
he able to preserve his rights, and stoutly Ri secure
our own, by a junaion of the Portuguese, Spani,b,
and English forces, in order to prevent the Frei 'b
from effeeling, by means of their armies, the snie
a&s of violence and subversion which they-have
committed over almost the whole extent of Europe.
" Your Royal Highness, in consideration of the
state and condition in which our august Father and
Uncle, with the rest of the family of our august
House of Spain, cannot but approve of this our pro-
ceeding—a proceeding grounded on the fundamental
principles and laws of the Spanish Monarchy, from
which we will never detach ourselves—a proceeding
justified by the incontrovertible principles of divine
and natural justice; and as such we expea that it
will merit the approbation of our beloved Uncle the
King of the Two Sicilies, that of his Royal Faruily,,
and that of all those personages who are chieflyin•-
terested therein. This proceeding we also consider
as a measure expected by the members of our un-
happy and unfortunate family, now in a state of
constraint and oppression, removed front their
kingdom, and, what is assuredly the most pain-
ful, torn from the bosom of their tenderly be-
loved subje6ts, the faithful, constant, and generous
Spaniards.
" Such is the view of things which our dearly
beloved cousins and uncle, the Prince of ASTURIAS
and the Infants Don CARLOS and Dun ANTONIO,
wished to convey to us, when, after describing the
entrance of the French troops, and their superiority
of numbers, they thus proceed :

In this state of things, their Royal Highnclses,
refleting on the situation in which they stand, and
also the delicate circumstances wherein Spain is
placed, considering that in a crisis of such ditliCulty,
any attempt, 'on the part of the Spanish people, to
retrieve their rights, would he pregnant rather with
ruin than advantage, and could have no other result
than that of producing torrents of bloodshed, and
occasioning the certain loss of at least a great part of
their Provinces, and the whole of their trans marine
Colonies.'

", This stile of expression appears to offer evident
proofs, first of the violence exercised towards the
Princes to make them write,' but without permitting
them to write all that they might wish, in order to
manifest their real sentiments; secondly, that per-
haps, if Spain were not so. circumstanced and occu-
pied by a hostile army, they themselves would not
think it useless in the inhabitants to 'make an at-
tempt to recover their rights; thirdly, that if ,the
trai+smarine Colonies were reduced to a similar situa-
tion, they would be completely lost. And in these
expressions we discover a tacit but very obvious in-
sinuation, addressed by them to us and their most
faithful countrymen still in a state of freedom, that
we should all of us, with one consent, contribute to
the defence and preservation of their rights.
We are, therefore, firmly persuaded that this
opinion will meet with the concurrence of our
uncles in Sicily, and also that of all the other Mem-
bers of our Royal 'Family, and all our fellow-coun-
trymen who are free and at a distance from such in-
sults and oppressions•
Rome, the depositary of our holy religion, is
once more insulted and in subjetlion to this arbitrary
Power, the common disturber of .Europe. It vain
doe's his Holiness protest against the exile of the
Most Eminent the Cardinals : in vain does he enjoin
them not to stir until they are compelled by violence.
He has no tecotlise but to complaints and lamenta-
tions, as we perceive from his Note signed by the
Most. Eminent the Cardinal DORIA, says,-
' that such proceedings are manifestly directed to the
-subversion and destruction of the power of the
'Clutrch.'

" We are happy in being on this side of the At-:
lantie, inasmuch as we are neither subje&ed nor in
a condition of being subjeaed, if, banishing from
tr's alI partv-spiiit, we cultivate that nerfea union
and alliance, which, in proportion as they identify
'Oar feelings, will also consolidate our resources,
which 'are sufficient for the formation of a respeffible
force, folly adequate of itself to resist and repel any
invasion, and to secure our "interests, our liberty,
and our lives, against the aMbition of France.
." We cannot, for an instant, entertain a doubt of
'the loyalty and atpaiOn which, at all times, the in-
habitants Of the Ainericas haVe manifested towards
'our august House, and most particUlarly towards our
dearly belOVed Father, for whom they have so re-
'cently sacrificed their lives and properties, and given
the highest proOfs -of their loyalty.
Under this impression, and convinced that the,
misfortunes of our family will and their hearts with,
greet, which have ever 'taken an interest in the pre-
servation of our rights,, we trust that by means or.
'the influence and assistance of your Royal Highness,
a perfe& alliance. may be effected with. the American"
subjeas of 'the King of SPAIN, by which we shall.
easily be enabled to secure ourselves froth the attacks
of the enemy; while,.by a measure so just and sa-
lutary, we shall also destroy the seeds of those fa-`;
mily quarrels which incessantly arise between the
Subjecls of the two kingdoms, and-which always
produce consequences to be lamented.
With a yiew to the realization of our jnst and
salutary intentions, we are desirous of having a secure
opportunity, to ,communicate them to the Governors,
Tribunals, and other personages, being the lawful
depositaries of the authority of our King and Master,
which we in no respect wish to alter or abridge, but,
' on the contrary, are anxious to preserve and defend
it against the power of the French. For this pur-
pose, we trust that your Royal Highness will inter-
est yourself with the Admiral of our great :;!! 1 pow-
erful Ally, the King of GREAT BRITAIN, that h©
may dispose of his force so, that, without impairing
the defence of yottr Royal Highness on the coast of
the BraZik, it may also contribute to that of the
coasts of the River Plate, and the other dotunion.sof
, Spanish America, and that it may in no a:sped be
prejudicial to the navigation and commerce which
the inhabitants of those dominions carry on with
this and other ports of this principality. This pro-
' teotion, we have no . doubt, will be immediately
aflOrclt.-.(1 to us by the generosity and noble charae:ter
of the King of GREAT BRITAIN and his powerful
Nat ion.
" We conclude with intreating -that your Royal
Highness may be pleased to place at ourdisposal all
the necessary means fur communicating our linen-

tion to the Governors, c;viland Ecclesiastical Au-
thorilios, in whom resides in lull vigour and force
the authority of our augu4 Kirk and Master, and to
whose lovaitv are consigned the rights of our Royal
House ; which we are anxic.ts to preserve inviolable
during the cOlitinuance of the misfortunes with
French' ambition has oppressed our Royal
Family of Spain.

(Signed)
" The Princes Doua CARLOTA JUAOUINA.
DR BOURBON.
" The Infant Don PEDRO CARLOS DE
BOURLON 1 BRAGANZA."
" Palace of Rio laneiro, 'Aug. 19, 1 808 "

COURT OF INQUIRY.

SIXTH DAY, THURSDAY, NOV.

The Judge Advocate stated, that application had
been made to the Otlice of the Secretary of State
for the War Department, respecting the Letter stated
to have been written by Sir ARTHUR WELLES-LEY
to the Bishop of Oporto, and that no such docu-
ment was to be found there.

Sir HEW DALRYMPLE obserVed, that'the Letter
was only important as showing the different views
which the Bishop of Oporto had of the Cohvention
at different periods.

The JUDGE ADV6CATE then read the observations
made by Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY upon the slate-
merit of Sir H. DALRYMPLE, and which we gave yes-
terday.
Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY signified hiy intention
of examining Colonel: Tvolua: and Colonel Ton--
RENs, the latter of whom was called in and ex-
amined. •

Sir A. WEitistEy:---Does Colonel. lORRENS re-
coiled that I had a conversation with him in the
evening of the 22d or mornin; of the 23d ofAugu st,
respeaing my signing the Armistice . •
Colonel TottaiNs.-LAt d:lrlight, on the morning
of the 23d of August,-Sir A.. WELLESLEY mentioned,
to me the occurrences of the evening before, and ,
said he had signed the armistice by the desire of Sir
HEW DALRYMPLE) though he totally-disapproved
of many points iu it, and of. the • tone of language
in which it was drawn up.'. '
Sir ARTHUR.—Did I.state what pert of it I disap-
proved of •
Colonel T.—Sir ARTHUR stated, that he disap-
proved of the article which provided for the Den-
frailty of the Russians, and of the 4 hours which
had been given to the enemy, froni the terminatinn
of the armistice, before hostilities shot ls:I again
commence.

Sir AitTHUß.—Does Colonel TprtßEss recoll.ea
my having expressed to him great oneaiiness on the
22d at finding that I did not pOssesS the confidence
of the CoMmander in Chief:. •

Colonel T.-1 da recollaa that. Sir A; WELLRS-
LEY, did express, after he had a meeting with the"
Commander of the Forces, upon his landing at
Maciera, that he had to regret that it was ap—
parent that he had not the confidence of the Com-
mander of the Forces, or words to that etfecl.

SUfI-OFJ'ICE,
THREE O'CLOCK, P. M.

, .
. . ,
, -
We. stop the'Presslo add the following particulars
to our detail of the proceedings of the Court of In-'
quirythis day : •

Sir ARu4.—Did I state to Colonel TottaE
my reasons ?
Col. Tottazt4s.—Yott did ; Sir ARTHUR -WEL-
LESLEY told we that upon the landing of Sir HEM✓
DALRYMPLE he had gone to him' to represent to him"
the,necessity of an advanze, and he stated his reasons
for thinking it' necessary. Sir H E‘v DALRYMPLE
replied, that he had just arrived, and was con-
sequently unable to form any judgment on the
matter. Upon which an Otl'icer of the Staff
spoke apart with Sir HEW DALRYMPLE., and the❑
'followed Sir A. WELLESLEY, and told him it was
the desire of the Commander of the Forces that he
should make preparations for the march of the
army, and give what orders be thought 'necessary
for it. - •

• Sir ARTIIUR.—Was not the Officer of the Staff
Colonel MURRAY ?
Colonel TORRENS.—Ii was Colonel MURRAY.

Sir ARTHUR.—Does Colonel TORRENS recollect
that I told him Colonel MURRAY had spoken to the
Coniniander of 'the Forces, upon the necessity of
marthirtg; in consequence of my having -urged that
necessity. to Colonel MITIIIC“,Ofter the Commander
of the forces liad declined. to at tend to my represent-
ation ?

COLONEL TORRENi.=,—I certainly di l understand
froM Sir ARTHUR WELLE,ILEY, that COW:1;d MUk6-
RAY had urged the necessity of advance to the Com-
manderof the forces in consequence of having had •
a conference with Colonel :qua an v on the Sithjea';
bttt I cannot recall to my recollelion; whether or
not Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY told Me that he had
this conference with Colonel JNlUtift AY atter he had
urged The matter to the Commander of the •Foraes.
Capt. MALcor...m, of the Di.neeal, was then called
in and examined by Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY.
Str ARTHUR.—Does Capt. MALCO'LM recollea my
interview with the Commander in Chief, Sir HEW
DALRYMPLE, on the morning of the 25th August ?
Capt. MALCOLM.—I do.
Sir ARTHUR.—DO you recollea my lining recom-
mended to the Commander in Chief to allow General
JuNoor to terminate the suspension of hostilities in 48
hours, without reference to the details which he had
received containing the sentiments of the Admiral,
respecting the Article in the Armistice which re-
garded the Russians, and to give leave to'General
JUNOT to renew the negotiation if he thought pro-
per ?
Capt.' MALcm.m.—On our going in, Sir Him
DALRYMPLE informed Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY,
that the Admiral would not agree 4 to that part of the
Armistice which regarded the Itossian Fleet. Sir
ARTHUR replied, that he thought so. Sir HEW
then asked Sir ARTHUR his opinions of what steps
should be taken so as to inform General JUNOT, in
general terms, that the Admiral disapproved of
the armistice, and that he saw no neces.,ityto point
at the particular articles which he disapproved, and
pi-oliosed that General JuNOT should be told that the
suspension was at an end in 48 hours as agreed in
the Treaty, leaving it to General Jutior 10 propose
terms again if he thought: proper.
Captain MALCOLM then withdaew.
