Lion ?—(Cheers.) The more manly course of proceeding
would have been to have met the resolution at once.—
(Cheers.) But the Hon. Member said he had no interest
in the question—he was perfectly unbiassed—wholly im-
p irtial. That was very likely the case ; but from whence
came his information on these matters? Why, from hie
brother-in.law, the Deputy from Trinidad, and one of the
most extensive proprietors in that colony.—(Laughter and
loud cheers.) He next cline to the observations of the
Hon. Member for Sheffield, who was for at once wiping
off all the rest.aints of slavery. He (Mr. Stanley) did
not deny that the principles advanced by the Hon. Gentle-
man were, as principles, true in themselves; but the
question was, were they applicable to the present state of
that society for which they were now legislating?—( Hear,
hear.) It was his honest and conscientious belief,
that if the !don. Gentleman's propositions were suddenly
acted on, the cultivation of sugar would be abandoned,
and the slave be in a worse condition than ever.—(Hear,
bear.) The Hon. Member for Essex had thought to read
him a lecture on the tone which he had assumed in this
matter. Now, he begged to remind that Hon. Gentleman,
that in the very outset of the question, he had expressed a
sense of his own inadequacy to the task, and it did not be-
come him, from a mock humility, to shrink from a plan
which, though he fully agreed in, was not his but the
Government's.—(Cheers.) In opening that plan he had
spoken of the immense variety of interests which were in-
volved, and that with an anxiety that could not be misun-
derstood. But he must turn to the argument of another
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Stewart) who had gently insi-
nuated—(Laughter)—in a way that no one could improve
his idea of a loan of twentymillions.--(Hear.) He was per-
fectly ready to admit that the present was a great experi-
ment ; but as the parties whose pecuniary interests were
chiefly at stake were willing to run the risk, the House
need not be very fastidious upon that point. It would not
he a measure that could lead to bloodshed, for at least it
could not be supposed that they anticipated any such re-
sult, or they would not assent to it. He could not but
hope that the great experiment which they thus meant to
try would prove successful, and would be attended with
credit to the country and with security to our colonial
possessions.

Mr. F. BUXTON hoped to have an early opportunity
of expressing his sentiments more at length upon the
subject of free labour; but he could not let pass that oc-
casion of saying that, unless the inducement of wages
were held out, nothing effectual could be done. On that
ground he had always, and should always, oppose the ap-
prenticeships. As to the vote of money, he should cheer-
fully agree to that, provided it led to immediate and cont-
plete emancipation, but not otherwise. He therefore then
gave notice tblt on Monday he should move to do away
with the 12 years' apprenticeships.
Mr. HUME did not, at that late hour, wish to detain
the House ; but, after the attack made on him, be felt
bound, in justice to himself, to state that the Hon. and
Learned Member opposite, who had accused hint of deal-
ing in vague generalities on the busting; and disappoint-
ing the constituents who sent him to that House, was him-
self guilty of having been very particular on the hustings,
and very vague in the House.

Sir R. PEEL observed, that there was no necessary
connexion between the second and third resolutions, and
that he thought it would be highly advantageous to se-
parate them, and, if possible, also to wait, with respect
to the remaining resolutions, for the opinions of the Colo-
nial Legislaures.

Lord HOWICK said he was willing to avoid dividing
the House on the second resolution; and as to what it
might be necessary to say on the third, tnat might be
postponed until Monday.
After a few words from Mr. P. M. STEWART and Mr.
BUCKINGHAM, the second resolution was agreed to ; and
the several amendments disposed of, either by some being
withdrawn or negatived, and the greater portion being
postponed till Monday ; but the noise occasioned by
strangers quitting the gallery, and Members the House, at
this moment, rendered it impossible to distinguish.
OBSERVANCE OF THE SABBATH.

Sir A. AGNE W obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
enable corporations, the elections of whose officers was
appointed for Sunday, to change the election to another
day.
