THE SILK TRADE

The East India Company's quarterly sale of Ben-
gal silks, which commenced yesterday week, has
concluded, and during each day of the sale was most
fully attended by the manufacturers, throwsters,
and others interested in the trade. The recent
advance by private contract in raw silks was more
than maintained, and the result of the sale tends to
prove the buoyant state of the silk manufactures of
the country, which, in common with woollens, cot-
tons, &c., have shown such marks of an improved
demand.

The East India Company's Bengals (rather above
2,800 bales), were all sold at an advance of full
25 per cent. on the prices realized at the last sale,
and at about five per cent. above the rates at which
silks were sold before the sale commenced in pri-
vate transactions. Of private trade Bengal silks not
more than 68 bales were declared, and all were sold
at an improvement of thirty per cent. on the June
sale prices.
Of private trade China silks 481 bales were de-
clared, but the greater part was taken in by the pro-
prietors, the trade feeling indisposed to purchase at
the high prices asked by private contract, in antici-
pation of a more favourable market, owing to the
supply of silks which has just reached the port
from China, &c. The sales made established an
improvement in China silks at full 20 to 25 per cent.
The following average will show more correctly
the improvement that has taken place in the Com-
pany's silks :
In the sale of June last the finest Bauleahs fetched
12s. I Id. ; Commercolly, 15s. sd. ; White Hani-
paul, 17s. Bd. ; White Junjypore, 18s. ; White
Radnagore, 155.; Sardal;s, Ms. 4d. ; and White
Rungpores, 14s. 10d. per lb.
At the present sale the tir,.t filatures of Bauleahs
averaged 17s. 4d. ; Commercolly, 20s. Id.; Hani-
paul, 19s. 9d. ; White Junjypore, 20s. Ild. ; White
Radnagpore, 18s. sd. ; Sardahs, 19s. 9d.; and Whits
Rungores, 18s. 10d. per lb. In the courser filatures
nearly an equal rise occurred.
The quantity of silk remaining in the East India
Company's warehouses for future sale is as follows :
Of Bengal, 5,244 bales ; of private trade China,
2,148 bales; and of private trade Bengal, 18 bales;
making a total of 7,410 bales.

The work on England and America, now on
the eve of publication, is likely to excite much discussion
both here and on the other side of the Atlantic. Many
of the subjects brought under consideration in these vo-
lumes are of the highest possible interest. Such are the
condition of the middle classes in England, the difficulty
which parents encounter in placing their children out in
the world—the education and forced celibacy of English
women—the political prospects of the English—the means
of extending the free trade with china, &c. And as re-
gards America, her social state generally, and the existence
of slavery in that country. The work is confidently
attributed to an individual who has occupied much of the
public attention, and who possesses a mind of great power
and originality.
MR. ARCHD. CAMPBELL.--The funeral of
this well known eitizaa, whose lamented death we noticed
in our last, took pl,ce on Sunday last, and the numerous
attendance of gentlemen evinced the esteem in which he
was held. A tnong those present were, the Lord Provost,
Magistrates, and Council, Principal B tird, and about 400
of the most respectable inhabitants of the city. Mr.
Campbell, we understand, came to Edinburgh about the
year 1784, from Glenlyon, with whose great families he
claimed kindred. He soon entered into public life as a city
officer, and, during a momentous period in this metropolis,
brought about by the French revolution, had imposed on
him services of no mean consideration ; at that period
there was no separate police in Edinburgh, all such inte-
rests of the city rested with the Town Guard, and such
assistance as the Old Council Chamber could afford. There
is now no man of his station alive with the same local
knowledge of Edinburgh, and of the same kind of ac-
quaintance with the ancient families of Scotland. His
knowledge of their varied connexions went far back, even
to generations long forgotten. He had also a perfect know-
ledge of the heads of all the high families now alive, not
one of whom thought themselves degraded by recognising
him. It had been his custom for several years past, after
his health began to droop, to pay a visit to London to-
wards the end of summer. If Parliament was sitting he
was sure to be seen mixing in the lobby of both Houses.
On one occasion he had gone to the residence of Earl Grey
to obtain a frank. He had not one thought of any other
of the name but the Baron of Kinfauns, and when meet-
ingwas tnhoetPhris LordemierleGavriay ;
ngh”ishuretsaidesnecoet,s
Nheobexiecullaainm,ewho
exclaimed "that
ac-
companied the Peer, explaining matters, the Earl very
good naturedly stepped back and wrote the frank. He
endured latterly severe affliction, by one death after ano-
ther, till he was left almost in solitude, after just laying
ilia only son in the grave. The situation he held gave him
access to s e many cases of distress ; and we understand,
on these occasions, he frequently displayed his generosity
by inquiring into the case of the distressed debtor, and
relieving his embarrassment.— Scotsman.

Mr. BULWER'S ENGLAND AND THE ENG-
LISH.—" This is eminently a thought-stirring book.
Every page presents a topic for an essay : it is full of
suggestion, penetrating observation, and original reflection.
There is much in it that is admirable, and much also from
which we dissent ; but all is reasoned and set off with
elegance and wit. The range of observation in these two
volumes is of great extent, comprehending society, man-
ners, institution, literature, anti men of letters, science,
arts, philosophy, politics. It is wonderful how well the
author has brought himself off in provinces so various
and marked, every course of speculation with something
which makes the reader glad that he entered upon it.
Wherever he goes he enriches or opens the ground—
opinion cannot slumber in his company ; it is either
animated, and strengthened, or provoked to investigation.
Indeed " Englan I and the English" is full of rich and
elevating thoughts, twat felicitously expresseds".--Exa-
miner&
