nities of becoming#NuAinte.l with the state of affairs in
that quarter. And in the Canadas particularly, he had
been placed by his Majesty, under ciretwastancei 'which
must have enabled him to become intimate with the condi •

ticn of that important part of our colonial dotniniens. Sir
George Murray, therefore, could not be supposed t, be un-
fit to hold the station to which he had been called.
The SPEAKER then put the question, upon which
Mr. HOSHOVSE said, that front what he had heal*
he must conclude -that the appointment of Sir George Mur-
ray might, udder the ciriminatances of the country, be as
proper as any which his Majesty might be advised to order,
hut he trusted that they would have a settlement. of the
Administratioe.—,(Hear.)—Every body was aware that
better understanding must take place, and that some system
must be resorted to which would put an end to a st4te of
things in which the whole policy of the kingdom was con-
tinu diy subject to change. The cottony must be asimred
that the Administration was formed upon principle. hi. was
scarcely credible that in thirteen short'montlis they had had
no kis than ibur Prime Miaistere, so that it was in ,vain
to look any where for responsibility. In this very. Colonial
department there had been four Seceetaries within
thitteen months, and -this at- a periild when a nitwit.
greater nicety, was required • in • the managehtent
of the Colonies than at any Minter period. If they' loOked
to the West Indies, where so many delicate questions were
continually arising ; or if they turned to the East Italics,
the whole Government of which it would be necessary before
lung to remodel, the importance of having some fixed system
- to be acted upon and recognised by that House and the country
twist be obvious. As .matters were at present, thedis-
tance -of some of our Colonies was such, that they could
scarcely Lear of the appointment of one Colonial Secre-
tary befote his place was ccrupied by a successor. This
department was in fact the most difficult of all the Go-
vernment offices, and it was highly important, therefore,
' that some understanding should be come to, .as to the
-line of policy to be.permanently adopted.—(Hear, hear.)
Every Ministry which had sat on the Treasury Ben6heo
bad .been treated with indulgence and confidence bythe
Muse, but whilst those changes continued to. take place,
the house could nut continue to repose its confidence. For
his own part he was willing to repose hiscoofidence in any
Ministry, that would give a guaranteewf its being esta-
blished on perthanent principles. But lie assured 'the
House that•the, constant changes which ;load taken place
struck , every reasonable Mind with miaapprebension. •
Lord NORMANBY_ said, he merely rose to call•upon
the house to consider the inconvenience of pursuing the'
present discussion in the absence of all the Ministers. He
certainly thought that Ministers might have been in the.
House; but, bring absent, they bad no reason to com-
plain of the manner in which they had been defended. by
those who, as military art angements were the order of the
day, .might be considered. as the advanmd guard of the
main body.—(Laughter.)
Sir A. HOPE wished to know wbethee the Noble Lerd
meant to insinuate any thine bearing on the characters of
the Military Gentlemen who. addressed the House. Was
it meant to say that he was going to accept office, whew he
was stated to have come forward as an advanced guard ?
Lord NORNIANBY assured the Gallant Officer that he
meant nothing in the slightest degree disrespectful.
Mr. W. PEEL only rose to repeat what had fallen from
the Noble Lord, that it was extremely inconvenient to
pursue the present discussion in the absence of, his • Ma-
jesty's Ministers, who were attending a Cabinet Council,
which was. still sitting.—(Hear.)---The writ was tben

ordered. •
The Speaker Was also directed to issue writs for a Repre-
sentative for the Borough of St, he., in the room of Mr.
Charles Arbuthnot, who had accepted the office of Chan
cAlor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
For the county of Westmorland,-, to the room of Lord
Lowther, :who hall accepted the office of, Chief Conortis-
sioner :of Woods and, Forests.'

For Durham, in toe room, of Sir Henry Hardinge, Who
accepted the office. of Secretary at War.
For..-Totness, in the room of Mr. Courtenay, who ac..
cepted the office of VicePtesident of the Board of Trade.
And for Plymouth, in the room of Sir W. Cong,reve.
deceased: • - .
Sir .I.•NEWPORT gave notice that nn Tuesday next he
should. move that an ,addrets be presented to his•Maj4sty
praying that the office of Treasurer to the NaVy 'night hot
he until the House would have time to consider
whether the office could not ,be consolidated with stPne
other nary board for the purpose of abolishing that office.
. Mr. DAVENPORT presented a petition from the silk=
manufacthrers of -Macclesfield, complaining of diStress kad
praying for relief.
Mr. 'H.. GRATTAN presented a petition from sluire-
helders in the Hibernian Jcint Stock Banking Company,
agatioat the Hibernian Joint Stock Bank Bill.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from Rams-
gate, againq Negro Shivery.
-Mr. lIIII.NDAY presented two petitions from Derby,
praying for the:Abolition of Slavery. ' •
Mr. DUNCOMBE presented two petitions from York-
shire, against the Importation of'Foreign Wool.
g,ir T. GOOCH presented a petition from Suffolk,
praying for the abolition of Slavery.,
411..g0D presented a;•petition from Sudbury; in
favour of time Roman Catholic Claims.
Sir D. BARCLAY .presented a petition from Penryn,
prt.ying for the,abolition of Negro Slavery.
Mr. EGERTON presented a petition from the Silk
Throwsters of Congleton, complaining of distress, and
praying for relief.
44, PAYENPORT supported the prayer of the
petitioTh
Mr. W. K 431., brought up a Return of all Courts in
England aud Wales having. power to grant Probates
of Wills, and also a copy of the Nineteenth Report of the
Commissioners of Public. Charities.
Lord GEORGE LENNOX presented a petition from
o:he Anpgregation of Providence Chapel in Chichester,
egaipst Avt4er concessions to the Homan Catholics.
Colonel NtAhrint..Y presented two petitions from the
members of the Weg'it (lead Friendly Societies Northamp-
ton, against the Friendly Zo,eieties
On the motion of Mr, SPRINP RICE, the further
consideration of the rights of Executors Bill was postponed
ezi Thursday next, and the second reading of the. Pro-
ii;-,dea (Ireland) Bill was postponed to Friday
next. - •
General GASWYNE., on the suggestion of Alderman
Thompson, postponed his .a,lotion relative to the decrease of
British Seamen to this day fer,tnight ; but he pledged
himself not to abandon the 'notion.
;;,jr. BUCK presented a petition front Exeter against the
Smattlarotes' Bill. •
Mr. CURTEIS could see no objection to a limited care
ciliation of one-pnanj notes, rind be should, at some future
period; make a motion to that effect.
Mr. 1114LEOD presented a ,petition from Sudbury, pray-
ing- for the abolition of nelro slavery.
nualE preeented a petition from the naatadtants
'and manufacturers a Dnudee against the Corn Xlesolo-
tions,.which. in their opinion were calculated to ir.rep the
price of corn unreasonably high,
Mr. HUME moved for returns of the Repeoue of the
holm) Presidencies, and the amount of .their respe4ye
4..1,4,04i:ring the two years 1826 and 1827. The lion.
Gentleing4 4en gave notice that he would, on Tuesday
next, move for-4eti.:-,ate pef the Receipts of the Prerogative
Court of the Areltdiovesi of g„..4,,bury. •
Mr. WM. sAirrit preareate.4 pptitionfrom the owners
of lead mines in Derby, praying itg a t.tty ,fit sou foigign
leg! ore,
Mr. 11.4ysDEN presented a petition from New Mal-
don, praying ec),-, the abolition of Negro Slavery.
Mr. SEYMOOR resented a petition from the Sur-
geons of Glasgow, prayiti; fo.tilitiee to the study. of
g.natotny.
L. 414 Tur.LAmonE presented a petition from.
ea !a-
more ip the k4no's county, relative to the sale of bread.
Mr. WELL:?' 4-,,e;:; ted petition from Maidstone,
agail st the Aleltense L,ieeneii/g R.ll
•
OP the kucit;°4' URDETT the further con-
sideration .of the Report en tf,te Freehold flegiate4:r Bill
was postponed to N(0,0,. next. • _ •
LAW eQ,)Ajj,sgioNs.
Mr.
into the
of asked 10,4tiker Vie Commissions
'to enquire aereal property, aa,,,l'elp into the,
zetice of the common law, were completed, and vi;Atlie;.•
there t-,v any objection to lay copies of those Conimie-
sions upon tie? the. House.
Air.
secretary 07.,f4,,r/The Commission to enquire into
Po:practice of the COIIIIIIOI/ fl/9,V vas complete, but lie
.believ'ee the other Cotnmissiori had
.I:qt 1.3 y-.t been signed.
tahallillitieistoshiOnulli‘da,a‘ilit tY4loi:r
The•Comn4eners
rated, and he ha gp
under
doeuabctl
o 4 them before the House.
two, be able to lay cope .;
motion of Mr. 1:10i;:g PRUMMOND, the
wasitstpon postponed nduy peat.
Ale-itQuses Bill,
:11
MISCEI4_,ANEdUS s•
,the motion otv'the gm 4
ancE9n of the EX CE-
QuEtt,thegqrse resolVet:Rself into a P:Aninittee
Mr.i..)AWSdN moved the.fast resolution, 0.401 wits.,
the del;
that'24o,oooJ. be grarate4 to his Majesty,to &fray
eorati,ne;encies of 1328. The ;Po.. Gentleman observed,
that the best course for him to adept woniti
from nny observations,uutil liche;id what oleteettens were
made to the grout: be Again
Mr. HlJMEcomplained that so many items were Oasset;
under a single head,- and thought it much better that they
should be separated in the estimates, in order that each
might be dealt.with upon its own merits, Mere was, ft)
