ALGIERS.

Notwithstanding the long period which has
elapsed since the official notification of the favourable issue of
the expedition against Algiers, the public have not yet been
acquainted, through that or any other channel, with the terms
of the convention which followed the submission of the DEY.—
It will be recollected that the points in dispute were the insults
offered to the English Consul by a violation of certain privi-
leges enjoyed by him at Algiers, as the representative of the
British nation, and particularly an infraction of that article of
the treaty made with Lord Exmotrrit, renouncing the prac-
tice of condemning Christian prisoners of war to slavery. We
are not in possession of the official document, but we under-
staqd that the following is the subsiance of the DErs decla-
ration on these two subjects, signed by him and Mr. MAC.
noNato,. in his capacity of British Consul-General to the
Regemcy of Algiers:—
"After the usual preamble, anti referring to the treaties ex-
isting between Great Britain and Algiers, which provided for
the entire safety and freedom of the person and estate of his
Majesty's Consul-General, the lley specifically declares that he
is readily disposed to comply with the wishes of his Britannic
Majesty, in proof of his sincere desire to establish more last-
ingly the peace and harmony so happily subsisting between
Great Britain and his Regency; and he therefore heartily
promises,—
" hit, That for the future, and for ever, the British Agent
and Consul-General residing in the city and kingdom of Algiers
shall be treated at all times with the respect and civility due to
his character.

" 2d, That his person and his house, or houses, shall be
inviolable; and if any person irjur.l or insult him, by words or
deeds, such person shall be severely punished.
" 3d, That he shall have liberty to choose his own interpret.
ers and servants, either Mussulmen or others, who are not to
pay any tax or contribution whatever.
" 4th, That he shall have the liberty at all times of hoisting
his Majesty's flag at the top of his house either in town or
country, and in his boat when he passes on the water.
" ath, That he shall not pay duty for furniture, clothes,
baggage, or any other necessaries which he imports into the
city or territories of Algiers, for the use of himself or of his
family; and that if the nature of his Britannic Majesty's ser-
vice, or any other motive, require his absence from the king-
dom, neither himself, his servants, baggage, nor efrects, shall
be stopped or detained upon .any pretence whatever, but that he
shall have free leave to go and return as often as he may think
it necessary ; and finally, that all honours or privileges that are
now, or may hereafter be granted to the Agent, Consul, or
Vice-Consul of any other Power, shall likewise be granted to
his Britannic Majesty's Agent, and ConsulAieneral, and to
his Vice-Constd.

On the other point the Day distinctly declares, that he is
willing to abide in the strictest manner by a former declaration,
concluded by his Highness's predecessor Omar liashaw, with
Lord Exmouth, in 1816, engaging, that in the event of any
future war with any European Power, not any of the prisoners
should be consigned to slavery, but treated with all humanity
as prisoners of war, according to European practice, and by
which declaration the practice of condemning Christian pri-
sorters of war to slavery was formally renounced."
The clause in the above declaration, wherein it is stipulated
that the British Consul shall have the liberty " of hoisting his
111,kiesty's flag at the top of hilt house, either in town or country,
or in his boat when he passes on the water," is, we understand,
perfectly novel, no consular flag ever having been hoisted by
the British, or by any other nation. It is, therefore, at the re-
quest of the Dey, privately stipulated, that the hoisting of the
British Consular flag over the house in the town of Algiers is
not to be enforced, the Dey declaring, in the most explicit
terms, under his hand and seal, that the absence of the British
flag over the town house shall not deprive it of any of the pri-
vileges to which the hoisting of the flag would entitle it.
The prisoners of war detained at Malta in consequence of the
hostilities with the Dey of Algiers, were embarked on the 111th
of August on board of his Majesty's ships Phaeton and Cyrene,
which sailed the next day for the purpose of restoring them to
their country and their fainilies. The Phaeton carried 151 to
Algiers, and the Cyrene 59 to Bona. They had been in con-
finement since April, when the greeter part of them were in a
diseased state, from the hardships they underwent on they pil-
grimage, for they were detained on their return from Mecca.
They had been subsequently completely restored to health, and
in departing expressed their gratitude ter the treatment they
had received during their detention in Fort Nt. &Isadore.
