SEVENTH DAY.

Saturday Vr2S the most turbulent day that has
orct.rred since the commencement of the contest.
Cr? exertion had been e‘idently made by the
partizans of Sir F BURIWTT to have a strong
inflect. 01 the rabble in favour of Mr. 1-losnousE,
and the crowd, both in trtint of the hustings and
on the different scaffolds; was extremely numerous
hetote the !culling ceased. Svieral placards were
displayed to orektdice Mr. LAMB in the opinion of
tht populace At four o'clock the numbers were,
For the Hort. Mr. Lamb .
Mr. Flobbouse
- Major Cartwright

.1824

1133

The numbers having been declared, Mr. Hob-
• house stood forward (Sit F. Burdett was closr be-
hind him), Mr. Lamb, attended by Mr. Lambton,
Mr. M•Donald, and others, was also on the front
of the_bustings.
Mr. 1-1-sHouss was received with such mingled
shouts of cheering and hisses, that he tumid it
impossihie to obtain a hearing. He waited a few
'Wont but the noise still continued so great that
he could only utter the word " Gentleulen." He
turned to Sir F. i Burdett, and said, " it s no use to
try, 2 bad beter go back !" He made a second
effort to be bend, bat was equally unsuccessful,
and wm, ohl;geri to retire.

LAtais now presented himself; but the
shouts and e.roans increased; he seemed by
ge.nwes to regarst a patient healing for Mr. H.
but be d, and was obliged to retire.

Mr Hoar was all this time stationed at a
corner of the hustings, throwing papers to the
crowd He at length came in front, hot WaS
quit klr os,liged to retire also.
Mr. Hoar-louts presented himself a third time,
but the ools, still continuing, be bowed, and said.,
" Gentlemen, I am sorry for it ; but as you will.
not hear use, I most bid you good day, and re-
tire." He, however, turned to those upon the
hustings, and said, "I can at least address those
Gentlemen near me." Mr. FL then said, that his
opponen' was still at the head of the poll ; lie
Ir L.) bad, he supposed, given another plunspiog
breakfast to-day. It was no wonder he should
get voles when such extraordinary means were
used to procure them —(Cries of, " off off,
hese !")—The Hon. Candidate (Mr. L.) had yes-
terday said, he saw no harm in giving a good!
breakfast; it was 8, more substantial enjoyment
1114 n following a flag. If this was the Gentle-
man's opinion as to solidity of enjoyment, be
had better give a good dinner to his voters, as
surely a dinner was far more substantial than a
breakfast.—(Applause and hisses )---if the solidity
of a dinner be obiected to, he had better resort to
the still greater solidity of
,giving 51. as perhaps
he (Me, L.) would, when all other. underhand,
meet a failed ('‘ lie will, be will, no, no!")—resort
to Cris borough-mongeting system of obtaining
voles. No—sithstanding all this, he (Mr. ft)
efeeecd confidence in the result of this con,
• test ; as whet( she Electors of Westminster heard
of the ales adopted by the Whig parry to send
Mr L moor Parliament, they would, at once re-
ice itito—igottte dtsspprobatiou, with applause.)
--Odic means of obtainin‘ votes used by the
Wuiigs, w^s threatening ,tatlesalen with the loss
it tlivy ref'(-ed to give their. votes. This
wa4 and expedient ztorm,rly used, hut of late k)r-•
gc,ttuti .n Westminster, until revived at this el, c-
H- woul.! appeal to the Gentleman (Mr.L.)
witetterile te is not wholly brought ficward by the
At istocracy of the Counti y, aided by a few Whigs,
,) wished to prop the . falling cause of a-
despicalste party, by obtaining hi. support. Was
it not notorious that he was presented to their
choice, because some of the higher milers in West -
miuster did not wish to leave to the tradesmen
the free election of their own Representative ?
TI-c Whigs wished to take .it, into Oleic own
hands. They were long in,the habit of giving a
sourly name to a
,large body of most respectable
tradesmen. They called them the Rump. This
body, however; spoken of with so mach derisiois,
consisted of three or tour linadred persons °lcon-
.
sinerable rtspeciabili,y. When th'e Wltigs now
shook hands with the tradesmen at ‘Vestmitister,
they said to the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Lamb)
" See how I have shook these low fellows by the
htnd to support you!"—(Some disapprobation.)
Ile could prove that one a Mr. Lamb's Commit- •
Ike said so. Every person knew that the words
rabble, mob, vulgar tradesmen, wete familiar in
Ilk mouth of the Whigs. They held tls(people
in the utmost contempt, and never called them-
selves their friends, unless whets they wanted to
gel something out of them —(A laugh.)—ln their
mind, the opinion °late people was a thing that
should • not be listened to. They looked uppn
tb m as a mere lawless rabble, whose voices anti.
wishes, with respect to public affairs, should be
despised and opposed, as leading to nothing but
anarchy and confusion.
Ms. LAMB, amidst the cheers of the Hustings,
an'd of a great body of the people, no sooner pre-
seated himself, than, as usual, he was assailed by
the groans of the Rump yellers, who on that oc-
clsidor itorodueed a new course of interruption— -
catcalls and whistles were at truce in action. Mr.
Lamb, therefore, determined to say but a few .
words. The only topic lie observed in the•acri-
monioos speech of his Opponent to which be felt
it necessary to advert was, the insinuation that he
(Mr. L.) stood alone on the Aristocratical in-
ffaence-. lie had to state one plain fact in answer.
It 'was this—that the first Meeting he attended in
Nirestminster, where his pretensions to its repre-
sentStioti were considered and approved, was a
meeting Of tradesmen. With regard to all the
other random, often repeated, and scurrilous
ito-
itt,tatiotts, he had only to refer his Opponent to
tit at_ best criterion
,for estimating the public eon-
fideice, viz. the state of the poll.—(Cheers.)—Mr.
.lealob wished the Electors farewell for the day,
a rid with his numerous friendf retired.

Mr. HUNT stood forivard, amidst considerable
contosion.— He endeavour ed to address the crowd,
but was ottly.peard in di..jointed rentenets. As
Kell as conid.ke;eolleeted, he spoke as follows
poll spelifOr itself. Seven hundred a-head
is nothing, to Mr. Brooks's one thousand, which
lie is to bring up on Monday. , If I were to ex-
pect to be heard to•day, it would be in rain. I

did not hear a word .Ir. Mobhonse said.—(A stone
was here thrown
_at the Speaker--Gentlemen,
stones are not words. I hope the Baronet will
take a lesson from this.- You see there are other
peromos besitli..s our friends who c:rn interrupt.
The Hon. BarOnes's friends have paid persons to
Come here for the pin pose This is what they call
freedom of Election—the freedom of the Rump.—
(Laughter and uproar.)—Thsy say I have a per-
sonal hostility to the Baronet. I say no ; 1 have
no personal Wostilityeither to hint or to Mr. flob-
house,only I hate epiivocatiou. The time has been.
when I would (rave laid down my life for Sir
Francis Burdett, aid now I would lay down my
life rather than desert hint !—(Groans.)—They
will not say they alone were heard to-day ; we
have all been heard alike. The only difference is,
that they have paid persons to conic and prevent
us from 'being heard, and you come voluntarily
to prevent their being beard,—(Groans, and cries
of " You'je a spy, Hunt !")—Some person says
lam a spy. I have, indeed, beet' a dreadtul spy
on the conduct of the Romp. Mr. Place, of Char-
ing-cross, called Sir F. Burdett by some onions
epithets, because he It-ft the Tower, and the Rump
called Mr. Place a spy; and yet he-is now C- air-
man of their Comtnittee. Mr. Cobbett, when be
attacked the Baronet, was also ettiled-a spy ; and
now, because I expose his deli •ouencies, I am a
spy.—(Groans.)—l Was not such a spy as the 84..
ronet was when be went to Ireland; I wept down
to Do by to oppose the cruel tueasures'ot Govern-
!tient, while the Hon. Baronet was then spying
the Irish girls, and drinkm;! horror-I.s to their
healths, with some of the lVitigs whom lie now
abuses. Where was the Kamm wheil Dr. Wat-
son. was tried for high treason ? Was I a spy
then ? Did I not give evidence of Noel coo-
deer of the GovcrAuent, and did I not prove
the spy Castles a peijured villain ? Let them tiring
forward the slightest proof that I an a spy or
tiny one good reason for thinking the a spy, dint
I will nester again appear bettor volt. lain
a detertnined spy-upon the Rump, and I will
corn inue to he so.—(Great intermit' ioo.)—I
hope you will be in better humour 011 Monday.
Let us see if Brooks will bring up its thou-
saint votes. lam no party. I never supported
the Tories, nor did I ever support the
wish to see fair play. Ail the difference that I •
see is, that Mr: .Lamb is intelligmple, and Mr.
Bobhouse is not.—(Groans.)—l wish you ail a
good night. I hope to see you all on Monday.—
(Uoroar.)-1 see the. other side are vexed that
they won't hear me; but, thank God ! I never
was like the Baronet, praising the Whigs one day
iu the I-louse, of Commons for their integrity,
and now slandering them as friends of Corruption.
Sir F. BURDETT presented himself on the plat-
form, amidst cries of " Burdett, Burdett." He
cononettced.by observing, that he could not now,
as on former days of the Election, coogratulate
them on the state of the poll. But considering the
means which had been used by the ()Situ r party,
lre was not surprised at the majority Indirect
means had been used, not only to collect votes,
but also to bring persons to the hustings to prevent
their opponents from speaking. He implored the
assembly, however, to give a patient hewing to
all who offered themselves no matter what might
be their politics ; be humped they would abide by
tits' good old Emighstm maxim, which Ought
never to be departed from, " to give every man
a clear stage and no favour, and let all make
their way to the best of their ability."—(bravo.)—
Ile should be short io his andress, and the more
so, as it was unfair to appeal to those who would
not hear those against whom the appeal was made.
'Pie Hon. Baronet proceeded to state the various
arts used by the Whigs to conciliate the Electors ;
aorlig others, that of giving breakfasts, but lie
hoped the Electors would not sell their birthright
for a mess of pottage. He wished to remind she
Electors that every voter who had received a con-
sideration for his vote was guilty of a treason to
,his country, and a perjury to his God. He hoped
they a ould not subject themselves to the infamy
of such a charge.—(Why did you desert the dele-
gates, front the crowd 1)-1u following our
banners (said the Barone ), there is a satsfac-
riot) of the sentiment which thews an
attachment to freedom, and an utter con-
tempt for the wretched slave, who is obliged .to
eat his pudding, and hold his tongue.—(Applause
and laughter )—Bmmt, Gentlemen, the misfortune
on this occasion is, such is the system to which
•slavery has been reduced, that the poor wretch
can't eat his -podding and'hold his tongue, but is
compelled to do that which his heart abhors, and
is brought up here under pretence of cart yiug on
on a tree election, when, in fact, in coming up,
he commits a perjury in the face of his country.—
(Applause.)--I consider that every man who
comes here to, vote under the •influence of cor-
ruption and --of terror, and who does not act
according to the honest bias of his own opi-
nion, is compelled to commit treason in the
face of his country, and • perjury in the face of
his God —t Enthusiastic cheers.)—Gentlemen,
I hive no doubt the bulk of the Electors of West-
minster will riot permit such a stigma to be cast
upon their Character.—(Never.)—Gentlemen, a
most portentous monster exhibits itself before
-you on the present occasion. An animal composed
of the most discordant parts—actuated by no prin-
ciple. It is not merely a Court and a Whig Can-
didate, but -it bugs to its bosom infamy of every
description it enlists all in its service however
base, alid hails with welcome the filth and scum
of the town.—(Loud plaudits.)—lt is willing to
make an alliance with that which is so base and
contemptible, that an honest man would disdain
to mention it. You have seen the strange ano-
maly which -exists; you have seen the attempts
which have been made to delude yon, and I ant
sure you will agree with me in thinking that
such a coalition can have no common end.—
This strange monster which presents itself thus.
before you, has more heads than an hydra. In the
centre is a simple Lamb's head, which, indeed,
has been shaved so close by the Westminster bar-
ber, that it requires a wig to cover it—(lond.
laughter) ;—added to which, it has two faces,
black on one side and white on the other. Then,
there is that other front to this_ anomalouktuon-
Bier, a front of brass, whose tongue, though ve-
nomous as the asp, can sting none but himself.
This strange Siberian monster has also a Minis-
terial head, in whose stniken eyes dwell cruelty

and oppression, and in Whose mouth -corrup-
tion always dwells—(Cheers).—But, Gentlemen,
1 ant sorrylo add another feature to this porten-
tous monster, already so disgusting. There is one
head more, however; called False Patriotism,—
it is, indeed, an empty head ; and what is
very mat vellons, it has a most striking re-
semblance to Alderman Wood, whom I met
this morning actively canvassing for Mr. Lamb.
Here is an union of all interests against the inde-
pendence of Westminster. • But I will tell you and
the monster, if its beads were still more hideous
than they are, not wit Its;antling the variety of its
efforts,.t be Electors of Westminster will lay it low,
and cast the monster itself sprawling at .our feet
(Cheers). Honesty is a Hercules more than stall-
cient to destroy it. Sir Francis Burdett concluded
hy.calling on the Electors to exert themselves in
their own defence, and by exhortins them to una-
nimity in the public cause then left the
Hustings, accompanied by Mr Hohhouse. Mr.
Lamb and his friends retirJA about the same time.
Mr. WooLsa now came forward amidst loot'
uproar. He said lie came there to'ascertain who
was the popular favomite ; and it he had not
been able to ascertain who was, upon looking at
the state of the pill, he .certainly discerned who
was not. It the Electors did not wish to' hear
hint, he would retire,—(Cries of " We don't ; be
of !")—Mr.Wooler. finally retired.

Mr Wgimate: amidst universa• confusion, then
addressed the - multi:ode. It knew that the
Romp were his enem es ; hot he cared not ; he
was an independent man, and as far ;is ht, voice
Welt( he protect MillStCf trolli the die-
ot a base and crlntempiih!e iii.-archy. He
passed high, encomiums upon tne virtrnos
and venrslable Major r C!:1 r glir, and lamented
that !here was neither spirit nor honour eno9gli
among the Electors to pPorn that Father of Re-
torm taParliament.—The Inisniess was thus con-
chlvd, with the ex“-ptimi of a de:estinued attack
upon Mr. How, who remained on
.the Huniings
to the last—and who, upon getting, into a lila-
nef roach which waited for him, was not oulf
as,ailed with outcries, but escaped. a rougher
ban-Mina., by the quick driving of the' coachman,
who I,?t a crowd of assailants behind, venting
their displeasure in angry words. The carriage
wai, however, followed by.many to Mr. Hunt's
house in Norfolk-atreet, where a sort of opposi-
tion of friends and foes was kept up, until both
sides were fatigned, and separated.

From the LONDON GAZETTE of February 20.

[This Gazette contains Orders for the Court
going into Mourning yesterday for the Queen
M.ria Louisa. Mother of Ferdinand •VII , to
change the 28(11, and to terminate the 4th of
March.]

Lard Chamberlain's Office, Ffb..2o, 1819.
Members returned to serve in this present Parliament'.
Borough of Ashburton.—d. Singleton Copley, of the Inner
Temple, London, one of his Majesty's .Serjeants at Law. •
Borough of l)roitwich.—Thos. Foley, Esq, in the room of
the Hon. Andrew Foley, deceaSed.
Borough nf,New Windsor.--The Right Hon. Thos. North,
Lord craves; of the kingdom of Ireland, in the room of Ed-
ward Diltbrowe, Esq.. deceased.

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.
IPar-Office, Feb. 20.

td Regiment of Life Guards-LLieut. Frederick Evelyn, by
purchase, vice Vyse, promoted in the Ist West India Regi-
ment ; Captain Cranstoun George Ridout,, from the 1 ith
Light Dragoons, vice Elliott, who exchanges ; to be Cap-
tains of Troops ; Cornet and Sub--Lieutenant G. Green-
wood, by purchase, vice Evelyn, to be Lieutenant ; Richard
Hort. Gent. by purchase, vice Greenwood, to te Cornet
and Sub-Lieutenant.

11th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Captain William Elliott,
from the 2d Life Guards, to be Captain of a Troop, vice
Ridont, who exchanges.
18th Ditto—Lieut. Donald M‘Duffie, frOm the half-pay of
the Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice James M4,Bean,' who
exchanges, receiving t he difference.

9th Regiment of Fast—Henry Lowth, 'Gent. to be Ensign,.
by purchase, vice Bourke, appointed to the let 'Foot
Guards.

18th Ditto—Ensign Janies Wheeler Birch, from the 45th
Foot. to be Ensign, vice William Burnet, who retires upon
the half-pay of the 37th Foot.
25th Ditto—Lieut. John Ditmas, from the half pay of the
3lst Foot. to be Lieutenant, vice William Anderson, who
exchanges, receiving the difference.
31st Ditto—Vnsign Himry Asticr to he Quarter-master, vice
Spence, deceased ; Percy James Leith, Gent. to be Ensign,
wit hoot purchase, vice Astier, appointed Quarter-master.
45th Ititto—Ensign John Harrison, from the half-pay of the
37th Foot, to be Ensign, rice Birch, appointed to the lath
Foot.

78th Ditto—Walter Hamilton, Gent, to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vile Mairis, promoted.
80th Ditto—Lieut. S. S. Burns, to be Captain of a Company,
by purchase, vice Dashwood, who retires; Ensign James
Isl•Queeu to he Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Burns; Ito-
' nahl Macdonald, Gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice
M`Queen ; Lieut. William Penny to be Adjutant, vice
Burns, promoted.
Rifle Brigade—Assistant Surgeon John Morrison, M.D. from
half-Pay of the Dragoons, to be Assistant Surgeon, vice
' James Robson, who exchanges. -
2d West India Regiment—Ensign Rdward Wells, from the
half-pay of the 89th Foot, to be Ensign, vice John Mac-
heath, who exchanges.
HOSPITAL STAFF.—Apothecary Peter John Macdonald, from
half-pay, to be apothecary to the Forces, vice Worthington
T. Gylby, who retires upon half-pay. •
Hospital Assistant Wm. Knott front half-pay; Hospital As-
sistant George Home from half-pay, vice Pickells, deceased;
to he Hospital Assistants to the Forces.
MEMOBANDU3L—The exchange between Captain George
Herbert, from half-pay 25th Foot, and Captaip Morris, of
the loth Foot, as stated in the Gazette of Mb December
last has not taken place.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County
of Radnor.

The Rev. Richard Venal)les, D.P. Peter Rickard Mynors,
Sir Harford Jones, Bart. Johii Whittaker, Percival Lewis,
Thomas Thomas, James Crammer, David Thomas, Hugh
Vaughan, Morgan John Evans, Robert Peel, Daniel. Reid,
Middleton Jones, and Charles Humphreys Price, Esqr,s, to
be Deputy-Lieutenants.
