THE EXMOUTH.

Dr. LUSHINGTON said that in this case he was
instructed to move for a monition, for the produc-
tion of a ship's register. Some seamen belonging
to the Exmouth, having instituted suits for the pay-
ment of wages, the owners declined to appear, and
the Court pronounced a decree for the sale of the
vessel; to effect which, it was necessary that the
ship's register should be forthcoming.—Motion
granted.
IN THE MATTER OF THE SLAVE GRACE.

Dr. JENNER, on behalf of the respondent, was
heard in reply in this case, which had already been
argued at unusual length, and which involved the
important, question, whether the arrival of a
slave in England, ipso facto, prekents the poS-
sibility of the individual legally relapsing into
slavery upon his return to the place where he
was before existing in -a state of slavery. The
Learned Counsel, after going through the various
cases quoted at the other side, concluded by submit-
ting that the municipal law of England, did not su-
persede the law of Antigua, and that it was mon-
strous to call upon the Court to pronounce, that if
a master voluntarily brings over a slave to this coun-
try, that slave, upon her return to her native island,
was to be debarred from that protection and support
which she enjoyed from her birth.
Dr. DODSON followed on the same side, and the
case now stands over for judgment.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.

ROBINSON AND 141L1.8 V. GALLOWAY.

The plaintiffs are extensive braid manufacturers,
reresidingt
sata
nßettiglhinilel-eir.o.w,TiNieioaoerfie
tiolnds,and h
was
brotugehtdte-
o
recover compensation in damages, for the loss sus-
tained by the plaintiffs, in consequence of the non-
fulfilment, of a. contract entered into by the de-
fendant on the 4th of February, 1824, whereby he
became bound within 30 days, to complete and put
up for the plaintiffs, a three horse power steam-
engine, of the description contained in the agree-
.tnent. The engine not having been finished within
the time stipulated, further time was granted for
completing it : and when it was at last made and put
up, it did not suit the purposes of the plaintiffs, who
now brought the, present action for the loss sus-
tained through the suspension of their business, in
consequence of the inefficiency of the engine.
After several witnesses were examined for the
plaintiffs,, the parties agreed to refer this case, and a
counter-action, at the defendant's instance against
the plaintiffs, for the price of the machine, to arbi-
tration, and verdicts were taken in both cases
accordingly.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL and Mr. CAMPBELL
were for the plaintiffs, and Mr. BROUGHAM and Mr.
CHITTY for the defendant.

THE HOP TRADE.—Owing to the extremely
faiourable weather for Hops, the market is extremely dull,
this morning in the Borough, where the duty is now laid
at 100,0001. with the betting in its favour. The letters
from the Hoii plantations, received to-day, state that the
lice were dying extremely fast, and that the pines began to
have a healthy appearance. Kent Hops are unsaleable at
any thing beyond 41. 4.. per evvt.
. The weather 'this week has been rather variable

with high winds and occasional showers. In several parts
of this county the rain has fallen in considerable quantity.
which will prove of infinite service to the late potatoes, and
vegetables of all descriptions. A great proportion of the
Hay has. been cut down and saved in line condition: Se-
veral fields of Barley have also fallen under the sickle ; and
we have beard of a few fields of Oats, but, it is considered
certain, if the weather sets fair, the Harvest will become
general throughout the County the first week in August,
and from appearances, there will not be greater produce
for any one season within living memory.—Cork .Consti-
tution.

Yesterday afternoon, a Coroner's Inquest was
held before A. CARTER, Esq., Coroner, at the Duke of
Wellington, near the Surrey Canal, Greenwich-road, on
the body of Helen Logan, who was found drowned in the
above Canal, on the Saturday previous. The distressed
father of the unfortunate girl, stated, she had been missing
after her. Verdict—" Found Drowned."
mischiefs arising from the bad custom of many people
Sgwreaalti7ilnngthe Philosophical Transactions, No. 282, there
since Wednesday WvvednAestßdbaNeylslN:toon,es
Tanoofd
peylißcirluys
I aT inquiryEo t EATERS.—The
other hadE
fruitßbeS been
e wadevehrey
is an account of a woman who suffered violent pains in her
bowels for thirty years, returning once in a month, or less,
owing to a plum-stone which had lodged: sshich, after
various operations, was extracted. There is likewise an
account of a man, who dying of an incurable colic, which
had tormented him many years, and baffled the effects of
medicine, was opened after his death, and in his bowels
was found the cause of his distemper, which was a ball,
composed of tough and hard matter, resembling a stone,
being six inches in circumference, when measured, and
weighing an ounce and a half; in the centre of this there
was found the stone of a common plum. These instances
sufficiently prove the folly of that common opinion that•the
stones of fruit ar•e wholesome. Cherry-stones, swallowed
in great quantities, have occasioned the death of many
people; and there have been instances even of the seeds of
strawberries, and kernels of nuts, collected into a lump in
the bowels, and causing violent disorders, which could
never be cured till they were carried off.
On Sunday last, a young man, long and well-
accustomed to reading the Scriptures, renounced
the errors of Popery in the church of Clontuskert,
diocese of Clonfert, and embraced the doctrines
and worship of the church of England. A very
respectable and intelligent man lately renounced
the errors of the Romish church, and received the
sacrament according to the forms of the church
of England, in Nerns Cross church, county. of
Wicklow.. 'Dublin Evening Maid.. .
