sacks against the French nation, which is to be
blessed by the establishment of that same pater-
nal system which Ferdinand would perpetuate
beyond the Pyrenees, if only his cousin Louis
would permit him ; for surely that Government
is paternal and patriarchal moreover, where
the parent has power of life and death over
the child.—A letter to the above effect is as-
serted openly to have been written by Fer-
dinand : it is in character at least, and in strict
keeping. That the sentiments assigned to it
and to the writer are calculated to obtain a fa-
vourable audience from the Autocrat, there is
little doubt. Francis had naivet4 enough to an-
nounce to all mankind, that obedience was in
Austria the one thing needful. It is, in fact, the
sole aim and spirit of the Holy Alliance, that
omnipotence is to be the attribute of every Mo-
narch, and perfect slavery the appanage of the
human race. Poor blind worms ! Do they dream
that such a conspiracy can prosper ? That, ,in
spite of the press and the reformation, the mind
of man can be choked--or idolatry, at its
ebb tide, overflow from the Saint to the Sove-
reign ? Do they anoint themselves with the
miserable vanity, that despotism will be suf-
fered to carry on her approaches undisturbed,
that she may at least lay siege to England in
this hemisphere, and to England's fair offspring
in the other ? The folly of the arbitrary Courts
of Europe Is obvious to all but themselves ;
nevertheless it is a real folly, they 'do enter-
tain these fantastic visions, and will strive to
clutch the bloody dagger which leads them to
their own destruction ; but first, unfortunately,
to that of their more innocent fellow-creatures.
Truly has it been said by Ferdinand, or for
him, that the species of tranquillity which the
Holy Alliance aims at, will never he achieved
until free institutions shall he everywheie over-
turned. It is in the nature of the despotic
mania to move perpetually onwards, and to be
satisfied with nothing short of extinction to the
principle of freedom in act or word. France
is to be first regenerated by the destroyers and
disciples of Buonaparte—G rent Britain next:
soon they fight among themselves for the prize of
universal mount chy, when darkness visible covers
the inhabited world : one hope, however, re-
mains : while any medium of discussion remains,
tyranny cannot be absolute : even France,' in
spite of its Censorship, is not entirely en-
slaved, while its Chambers are allowed to meet :
and Great Britain, with its press and Parliament
united, may laugh to scorn the vain babblings of
the brute force of the Holy Allies.
