Members to Parliament. If Jews were declared
eligible, and more than ten were to get into the
House, they would be fairly returned by Chris-
tian electors, who would not, we imagine,
elect persons who were likely to attack
the religion of their constituents. What an
opinion must those soi-disant Christians have
of the power and influence of their own creed,
who think it would be endangered by the return
of a score of Jews to Parliament !

But in the second place, it is due to the Jews
to observe that if they are rigid in the obser
vance of their own faith, and obstinate in resisting
the attacks of proselytism, they never attempt to
convert others to their belief, or directly or in-
directly assail the Christian religion. If fifty or
a hundred and fifty Jews, instead of a dozen,
were to get into the House of Commons—if the
" City Leviathan" were seated in the House of
Lords, there would be no attempt to overthrow
the established religion, or to degrade the cha-
racter of its leading functionaries. The Jews in

either House would keep a strict eye on the
administration of the monish, and would so far
be useful auxiliaries of Mr. HUME and the
economists; but they would never think of
pitting their High Priest against that Right
Reverend Father in God the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY.

We believe the greatest obstacles which the
*Jews have hitherto experienced in their efforts
at emancipation, have been the prejudices of
uneducated Christians on the one hand, and
the disgust of liberal minded men at the degrad-
ing submission to power evinced by the Jews,
on the other. If an attack upon freedom by the
despots of any country has been at any time resolved
upon, it was the Jews, " say their opponents,"
who found the means of carrying it into execu-
tion—if an attempt has been made by the bonds-
men of despots to throw off the yoke, it has been
a Jew who has betrayed them. Were this even
true to the extent stated, what would it prove,
but that if we debase a man by cruel and unjust
treatment, we must not expect from him the
same excellence of conduct as we look for from a
free agent. There are among the Jews many
unworthy characters. Perhaps even in this coun-
try, where they are more educated than abroad,
the lower classes of Jews do not exhibit much
to attract approbation or sympathy ; but what
have we done to entitle us to expect from them
as slaves other than the ordinary indications of
slavery ? Make them free and we shall hold out
to them the same inducements to good conduct
as are found efficient in Christian Society. We
cannot expect the same results from a system of
bondage as we derive from a system of freedom.
We have argued the question upon general
grounds, and have assumed the Jews to be, as a
body, what their opponents have described them.
Let us not, however, be unjust. There are
among the Jews in this country examples of pri-
vate benevolence and public spirit worthy of imi-
tation by a Chri,tian community. We know
one Jew who is the patron of at leapt a dozen
public Christian charities ; and we have heard of
others who are more Christians at heart than
many of our professing Christians. For the
sake of argument, however, let it be granted that
the Jews, as a body, are not just what we would
wish them to be—they are, at least, what our
bigotry and persecution have made them. Re-

move the cause, and the effect will cease.
Emancipate the Jew, and we shall soon see the
fruits of his emancipation.

The report circulated by the Miguelite papers
in London, that an engagement between the
troops of Don PEDRO, under the command of
Marshal SOLIGNAC, and those of the Usurper,
commanded by SANTA MARTHA, had taken
place on the 10th instant, in which the Pedroites
were defeated, is unfounded, as no such intelli-
gence has been received. The statement that
the Marquis de PALMELLA had resigned is
equally incorrect.

The Chamber of Peers, as we see by the
French Papers, has at length yielded to the
Chamber of Deputies, though in a sulky and
ungracious sort of manner, on the subject of the
repeal of the law respecting the anniversary of
Louts the Sixteenth's death.

It appears by the extracts from Brussels
Papers, that the KING and QUEEN arrived in
that Capital on the 18th.

By the express from Paris the papers of
Monday, and the Messager des Chambres,
dated yesterday, have been received. They are
principally filled with comments on the abroga-
tion of the Law of the 16th of January, 1806,
for the observance of the 21st of January as a
day of prayer for the soul of Louis X VI., and
the probability of a change in the Ministry.
The victory gained by the Chamber of De-
puties over the aristocratic feeling of the
House of Peers is treated as a most revolu-

tionary majority by the Carlist journals. The
Quotidienne of Monday recalls to the memory
of all loyal Frenchmen that that day forty years,
the kind and persecuted Louts XVI. was
dragged to the scaffold by a revolutionary mob,
who were thirsting for his blood, and recom-
mends them to offer up their fervent prayers for
his departed soul.

A Council of Ministers was held on Monday,
at which his MAJESTY presided ; they sat in deli-
beration for several hours. The unsettled state of

le Belgian and Dutch question appears to be

the great object of their discussions. A great
disunion exists in the Ministry. M. THIERS
and the Duke de BROGLIE are at variance.
Marshal SOULT, the Minister of War, and Pre-
sident of the Council, is extremely jealous of
the flattering manner in which Louis PHILIP
expressed himself to AI arshal GERARD, and the
chief officers of the army of the north, and the
kind feeling that appears to exist between the
Duke de BASSANO and his Majesty. In all
probability a change will shortly take place.
The Cour Royale, and the other Courts of
Justice, did not sit on Monday.
Daily interviews take place between the
Aus-
trian and Prussian Ambassadors and the Duke
