jury, consisting of slave-owners, acquitted him,
subject to a fine of three hundred francs, amidst
thunders of applause, echoed and re-echoed by
hundreds of assembled spectators ! The counsel
for the accused asserted that the right of tor-
ture enjoyed by slave-owners was an invio-
lable right, and as for the murder of slaves
such charges were sufficiently disproved by
the fact that it was not the interest of
masters to kill them 1 This doctrine was re-
ceived with cheers by a crowded Court. The re-
porter of this infamous dffair asserts, that if similar
enormities are not heard of in France, it is because
that in Guadaloupe the journals dare not publish
them. Though by the laws the island enjoys a
free Press, such a Press dare no more make its
appearance in Guadaloupe than in the heart of
Russia.

But the publication of even this slave tragedy
must prove beneficial to the great and righteous
cause of abolition. The excessive ignorance as
well as cruelty which it displays on the part of the
slave-owners of Guadeloupe (for it was proved on
the trial that the masters and slaves equally be-
lieved in the existence of pacts with Satan made
viva voce), and above all the effect of slavery in
eradicating from the minds of the owners the
simple distinctions between guilt and innocence,
are facts which cannot fail to make a powerful im-
pression on every honest mind. The Chamber of
Deputies is already pledged to take the question of
Emancipation seriously into consideration next
Session ; and we trust that the abolitionists here
will not be backward in lending M. DE TOCQUE-
VILLE, the able and eloquent advocate of that
righteous measure in France, their powerful sup-
port and active co-operation.

There is very little news of any interest in the
French Journals of Sunday. The Moniteur an-

nounces various judicial changes and appointments
among the Judges of the Interior, but as they are
all subordinately administrative, we shall leave them
undistuibed to grace the columns of the official
Journal. We regret to have to state that the news
of the suspension of the New York Banks has pro-

duced the worst effects in the great commercial
towns of France. Business which was very active
before the arrival of the suspension intelligence at
Lyons suddenly stopped, and nothing whatever was
doing there, on the 14th, in the silk trade. This
stoppage of the staple manufacture of that city, at a

.. _
time when bread is at famine price, and at the com-
mencement of the most inclement season in the year,
will it is feared, reduce the working-classes to the
utmost state of destitution.

The Emancipation of Toulouse, of the 14th
,nstant, announces the murder of the Carlist Chief,

Count D'ESPAGNE, in the following terms :
"On the Ist of November the Count d'Espagne
was overtaken wandering through the mountains by
some companies of Bep del Oli. The soldiers having
recognised him, bound him with cords and brought him to
the steep heights of Coll de Nargo, between the hamlets
of Oriane and Orgacia, where they put him to death,
and flung his body down the precipice, where it was
picked up a few days afterwards."
We doubt the truth of this statement. It is,
however, certain that the Carlist rebel has not pre-
sented himself on the French frontier. Having
twice broken his parole he dreaded the disgrace
of appearing before men of honour to claim
the protection of a country whose hospi-
tality he had twice so shamefully abused ;
and in Spain he dared not attempt to seek con-
cealment within sight of the blackened walls of the
villages which he had burned, after brutally mas-
sacreing their defenceless inhabitants. When last
seen he was skulking near the frontier, an outcast
and a vagabond, without bread or shelter in a land
which he had made desolate.
Some of the Paris journals begin to notice the
re-appearance of TRIERS and GUIZOT within
the precincts of the Tuileries more frequently
than is likely to prove agreeable to Marshal

SOULT and his colleagues. The KING, too, has
more than once lately astonished the Council by
backing his opinions with quotations from the
speeches and writings of the ex-Ministers. GUI-.
ZOT'S chance of the Portfolio of the Interior—the
only office upon which he has set his heart—is not
equal to that of TmERs, who aspires to replace
SOULT as President of the Council and Minister
of War. But SOULT will not be got rid of easily.
It will require a strong majority in the Chambers to
drive him from a post which he fancies he fills
better than could any other man in France.
The Commerce has a long statement of the
changes which have taken place in the French im-
ports and exports for the last twelve years, from
which it appears that the trade of that country has
been gradually increasing with England, the United
States, Sardinia, Spain, Switzerland, Russia, Tus
cany, Rome, Algiers, Dutch Indies, Senegal, and
Bourbon ; that it has been almost stationary with
Belgium, Holland, Hanseatic Towns, Germany,
Turkey and Egypt, Sweden and Norway, Cuba
and the Spanish provinces, South America and the
British Indies ; and that it has been declining with
Austria, Prussia, the two Sicilies, Brazil, Mexico,
Hayti, and the West Indies. The aggregate in-
crease upon the whole, however, exceeds 70 per
cent.

A letter from Algiers contains the following pas-
sages : _ _ _

The
.expedition of the Biban has caused a great
sensation here and in the interior of Algeria. It is
said that the Emir considers this campaign as an affront,
and as a violation of the Treaty of Tafna, and it is ex-
pected that war will soon break out. Camps were
going to be formed between the Fondouck and Hamza,
in which fort there is to be a permanent garrison.
" The letters from Oran announce that Abd-el-Kader
has endeavoured to starve that town ; the prohibition
to carry any corn into it was so positive that for several
days no Arab ventured to infringe it. It was necessary
to take flour from the magazines of the army to feed the
civil population. The scarcity did not cease till the
arrival of a ship from Marseilles with a cargo of flour.
Alicl-el-Kader is so irritated against us that he has caused
some persons to be imprisoned at Mascara, on a sus-
picion of having sold horses to us. Other more rigorous
measures are spoken of."—Le Courricr Francais.
PARIS, Nov. 16.—The King of Sardinia while yield-
ing to the wishes of the merchants who have long de-
sired the renewal of the navigation between Sardinia
and Spain, has positively declared that he recognises
no other King of Spain than Charles V., whose rights
he will support by all kinds of aid. It is believed that
the exchange of notes between our King and the Court
of Naples, have been for some time past more frequent
than ever. It seems that the two Powers desire to
come to an understanding in order to preserve to Don
Carlos the support of Austria.—Le Commerce.

The Madrid Journals which have come to hand
are of the 10th inst., but they bring no solutien of
the Ministerial difficulties. The Correo Nacional
of the same
date says that, notwithstanding it
was generally believed that the question would
have been settled that week, the principal point
remained undecided. The irresolution of the
Ministers was most injurious to the public in-
terests, In the El Commercio of the same date,
we find the following statement, which appears to
rest on good authority ;—A meeting of a con,
siderable number of Deputies took place yester
day. After hearing the statement in question,
they at once unanimously agreed that the ma-
jority of the Congress would take no part what-
to the Crown to
eevohemerie,inc;e suggestions
formation of a Ministry, no matter from
w tg
te
belongedsti ons to that
exclusive e f ty came or might
decide
of Ministerialthecoun country—always, however,, without the
Representatives
ready to respect the prerogative of the Crown—doing
more than to express their opinion ill the proper
place upon those subjects which the fundamental
law consigns to their charge ; and that, under every
circumstance, it would be derogatory to the cha-
racter of the majority of the Congress to entertain or
resolve any questions touching the appointment of
a Ministry. The opinion of the Deputies present
