CERTIFICATES--Aucusr 12.

John Revan, jun., London, merchant—Thomas Broa4
Shore, Kidderminster, victualler—John Thomas Taylor,
Upper Thames-street, iron-merchant—George Siedenburg,
Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield, victualler—_William
Spencer, Manchester, grocer—Charles Cox, Newcastle-
under-Lyme, Staffordshire, common-brewer—John Sun-
derland, Leeds, woolstapler—George Hewett, Pair Mile

.ouse, near Henley-upon-Thames,Oxfordshire; banker-
William Hart, Union-street, Newington-causeway, money.
scrivener—Thomas Barnes, Dennington, Suffolk, merchant.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
Dickinson and Thomas Arnett, Bridge-street,
Southwark,.horn-pressers..Alexander snd John Simpson,
New Rutland-street, Commercial-road, linen-drapers—
William Jones and Eleanor Pengree, Milford-lane, St.
Clement's, coal-merchants—George Thompson and Robert
Cana, Woodbridge, Suffolk, timber-merchants—Samuel
and George Eadon, Sheffield, merchants--C. F'. Davis
and J. V. Day, Nailsworth, Gloucestershire, clothiers
George Ryder and J. B. Wreaks, Little Bolton, Lan";
'shire, roller-makers—John Tinton, John Buchanan, and
Wm. C. Thompson, Liverpool, copperstuitbs---/
and Robert Cooper, Liverpool, coal-dealers--Amelia Hol-
loway and Mary Coleman, St. James's-place,
road,. school-mistresses—Josh. Radford, sett. and Joseph
Radford, jun. Piccadilly, tailors--James Hutchinson, Wm.
T.
Good, and Chtistepher Horan, Leeds, merchants--H.
Gray and Edward Ellisq, Wouldbarn, Kent, lime-burners
—lsaac Gab:ly and Alexander Flash, Liverpool, merchants
Horncastle, Lincoln-
-John Caparn and Joseph Itlartieos
shire, chemista—Edward Kingsford, jun. and Geo. Kirby,
Canterbury, publishers of the Kentish
.Gazette newspaper
—J. H. and Joshua Hopkins,
• Birmingham, bakers
—William and Thothas Spratt, Norfolk,
Petty 1,
w
millers—Ann and Clement Warren, Richmond, Surrey,
ine_merchants--Charles Dear and Samuel Sedgwick,
Hertford, .linen-drapers—T. and D. Martindale, and J. T.
Brown, Fenahurch-street, wine-merchants.

A lady of much more beauty than good sense,
being the subject of convel cation, one of her admirers said
that never such a pair of lips were seen as her's were. " It
is is pity that they should ever be separated," replied a gen-
tlemun who had seen the lady's lips and heard her tongue.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, JULY 22.
Upon the SPEAKER'S taking the Chair he ex-
pressed his regret at being obliged to inconvanienee
the House by his non-attendance yesterday, and he
begged to express his grateful sense of the kindness
shown to him on this as on all former occasions hy
the House.

CLARE ELECTION.
• The SPEAKER stated that he hail this day re-
ceived, through the office of the Clerk of the Hama-
per for Ireland, a petition from Sir H. D. Massey,
Bart. and T. Mahon, Esq., against the election oc
Daniel O'Connell, Esq., stating that the said Daniel
O'Connell was disqualified, and even if he were
not disqualified, praying that the Right Hon. W.
Vesey Fitzgerald should be declared the Sitting
Member.
The petition was ordered to be taken into con-
sideration on Thursday, the 21st of Augu,t.
Mr. F. LEWIS brought up the Report of the
Committee on the Canadas.
On the motion of Mr. PLANTA, a new writ was
ordered for the borough of Lymingtoa, in the room
of Thomas Divett, Esq., deceased.
FRENCH CLAIMS.
Mr. R. GRANT said, that for obvious reason
which it was unnecessary to mention, he would post-
pone the presentation of two petitions, which stool on
the paper for this evening, until Friday 'text.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT suggested that
the lion. Gentleman should postpone his motion
until Saturday, to which Mr. Grant acceded.
Sir EDWARD HYDE EAST presented a peti-
tion from Bury St. Edmund's, for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. W. PEEL moved for a series of addresses
to
His Majesty, requesting that he would be 'pleased to
order certain returns respecting prisons in ditTerent
parts of the kingdom to be made out ; and also a
variety of other returns connected with the office of
the Home Department.—Ordered.
Mr. WARBURTON brought up the report of
the Committee on Anatomy.
Mr. HORACE TWISS brought up some Re-
turns concerning the Slaye population, pursuant to
address.

Mr. CALVERT presented a petition from the
High Bailiff of Southwark, stating that the recog•-
nizancea of persons who compromised assaults were
estreated through ignorance, and that they were
afterwards arrested. The Hon. Member said, that
he believed it was an omission
.in the Bill brought
in by the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peep which
might easily be rectified.
Mr. 0. CAVE moved for amended Returns from
the Borough of Leicester, requiring the objects to be
specified for which the.several sums were paid, and
also the number of prisoners confined in the Borough
Gaol from 1810 to 1828.

Mr. M'LEOD moved for a return of the quantity
of Kelp imported into various ports of England from
1817 to 1827 inclusive.—Ordered.
A Message was brought up from the Lords, stat-
ing that their Lordships had agreed to the IVlilitary
and Naval Pensions' Bill, the Customs Bill, and
some others.
On thesmotion of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQ UER, the Lords' Amendments were
agreed to in the Savings Banks Bill, the Promissory
Notes Bill, and the New South Wales Bill.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER the Sugar Warehouse Refining
Bill was read a third time and passed.
The further consideration of the East Retforct
Disfranchisement Bill was dropped for the present
session.

Mr. Secretary PEEL moved that the House at
its rising should adjourn till Friday next.—Agreed to.
Mr. Secretary PEEL presented a petition from
the Magistrates of Wigan, against the payment of
wages otherwise than in money. Also a petition
from► the silk throwsters of Manchester against any
alteration of the duty upon thrown silk'. Also a
petition from Biddulph i►► favour of the Small Debts
sill.

Mr. ITOBHOUSE gave notice of a motion rela-
tive to Select Vestries, for next Session.
Mr. W. HORTON postponed his motion rela-
tive to the slave trade until Friday next.
Mr. RICE brought in a Bill relative to Eccle-
siastical Corporations in Ireland, which was read
first time, ordered to be read a second vine this
day three mouths, and to bo printed.
pasTthPeouHr o'clockotl
House then
oi
Farrijidory.ed at twenty ruiniite,i.

grtrae thiaftveeitplo.itit::
(y.:eopx:litien4mtegi
laitlrett::::::rlusiee,avabarel:nyaatn:tioveer is
cap
tteaohti.Phsaelhdolafcc;(;,f
hiatieleh
Invoa.cebneleolfolafdlvh
W-11- huts ingenuity, in
: A few days
cosjsuction with indefatigable witnessing a stryiskinsign;sta,,
btillttigtitsfinvgarenioiuosussYize"eusi,tlllll:;th him whole o the types, coo.
pet .eels witu which the work was print
.stance
no
asst of otherimplement than a penknife. kid
Thursday
ihsource!doanystructed the • • • , .
ganudlarna, anizfatchtuatredi:his
whole impreasion
110 a. caw
readers,
on
eapmr
or pi,
101
:it:s;d ioo
believe,
gwi.v.
le;
several
received the slims with
direction
ink. What is ',crimp.; as giedo-i
hisWith.onuposed, corrected, and printed the
own hand, without ever having
-t direction from any individual, or ever
having teen or had any idea of a printing establishment, or
any thing belonging to it.--Elpin Courier.
SINGULAR HUNT.—On the morning of
last, a very uncommon piece of sport was wit-
netited On the stands. The caul-door was newly shut, and
there being little water in the river, the salmon, which
were very abundant, were sporting playfully in the pool.
One of them having got upon the ford, was noticed by a
small terrier dog, and he instantly went after the poor gal-
loon, which being much put about, did its best to get
over the ford, and succeeded. But alas! it had to encounter
another ford at the Dock-head, and the dog, aware of this,
followed his game, and .was soon at the salmon's tail, by
which member he made various attempts to catch it, but
the fish always succeeded in heating hint off. At last he
seized the poor fish by the head, and succeeded in bringing
him to the side, where he was presented to his owner. The
salmon was about nine pounds weight; and so pleased
were the fishermen at the sport they had witnessed, that
they acquiesced in the dog's gift, and never even hinted
that he should be deterred front committing the like crime
in the time cogaiag.....Dumfries Journal..

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, Jun. 2.
Sir A. GRANT and others, from the Commons,
brought up the Sugar 811, and also the promi,,my
Notes (Ireland) Bill, the Administration of Justice
(New South Wules) Bill, the Criminal Juiqice
(East
,Indies) Bill, the Watching and Lighting
Towns (Ireland) Bill.
Mr. HOLMES brought up the Marquis of London-
derry's Estate Bill.
Mr. Ross brought up the Duke of Gordon's
Estate Bill.
The Appropriation Bill, the Exeliequer Bills Bill,
the Welland Canal Bill, Benefices Resignation Bill,
and the National Debt Bill, went through a Com-
mittee. The Irish Bookers' Composition Bill, and
the Deserted Children (Ireland) Bill, were read a
third time and passed.
The Marquis of DOWNSHIRE presented ape
tenon against the Butter Trade (Ireland) Bill from
the Chamber of Commerce of the town of Newry.
The Butter Trade (Ireland) Bill went through a
Committee.
Mr. Crafer, from the Treasury, presented an ac-
count of money received from the broils of the Ad-
miralty.
On the motion of the Earl of SLIAFTESBUR
it was ordered that an address should be presented
to his Majesty, praying that there might be laid
before the House a copy of the last report of the
Commissioners appointed to inquire into public
charities in England.
A person named Constantine Maeguire was called
to the Bar and examined, touching some Papers
.from.the Court of Chancery in Ireland, presented at
the Bar, in the case of " Westmeath v. Westmeath,"
which were found not to be true copies. The fur-
ther consideration of the subject was postponed.
The House then adjourned.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France, dated July 21.)

. -
CONSTANTINOPLE, JUNE 26.—The Government
is informed of the entrance and progress of the Rus-
sians in the territory.of the empire, and seems to
entertain much feat: for the tranquillity of the capital,
the population of which does not yet know the
danger which threatens them. It is certain that they
no longer show any warlike sentiments, and that in
case of the approach of the enemy they would rather
turn against their own superiors. The Sultan, not-
withstanding his energy, has probably not sufficient
means to ensure the tranquillity of the capital, in case
that he should be obliged to leave it to take the field.
He appears to be sensible of this, and though he has
declared, that after having seen wiih indifference the
occupation of the Principalities, he would mount his
horse, and followed by the whole nation,.goand offer
battle to the enemy, if they pass the 'Danube, it is
certain that there is as little appearance of his de-
parture as of that of the Grand Vizier, and of the
hoisting of the sacred standard. •
The troops sent to the army march in small divi-
sions of 1,200 or 1,500 men, after 4ving been re-
viewed by the Sultan, and are sent quickly to Adria-1
nople, where it is said that Hussein Pacha has not
above 1.5,000 men under his comrrand.
BUCHAREST, JULY 1.-Alt the accounts from the
Russian army agree that all the places and ports
long the Black Sea will soon be taken, and that the
supply of the army will thus be secured.
Nevertheless, as the army approaches the chain of
mountains, the operations must be expected to he
more slow. The corps of Colonel Roth has passed
the Danube at Hirsova, of which the Russians are
masters, and will join the grand army-with which
At will act against Schumla.
The reserve under General Witt is advancing in
-Wallachia, and will in a few days take up the posi-
tion left by General Roth.
The garrison of Brailow, apprehending the fate
which may await it at Silistria, had asked to remain
prisoners of war among the Russians ; but the Rus-
sian commander, who accompanied them, did not
think himself authorized to grant their request:
All that has been reported in foreign countries, of
extraordinary contributions in the Municipalities, is
entirely false.
PARIS, JULY 20.—Lord Stuart, the Ambassador
from his Britannic Majesty to the Court of Prance,
arrived at Paris last night.
Letters from Vayonne of the 13th say—" The
Marquis de Chaves left this city the day before yes-
terday to return to Portugal. His passports, how-
ever, were given him only to Madrid, where he will
doubtless find others."
.

The Augtburgh Gazelle says, that it is ascertained
that General Paskervitsch has already made himself
master of Bajasid, Kars, and Ackalzicke, in Asiatic
Turkey.
