MOLDAVIA AND WALLACHIA.

The St. Petersbingische Zeitung
_contains an
ac-
count of these two provinces, which for so many
years have been a kind of pays perdu to the rest of
Europe, and Which for the readers of the St. Peters-
burgh papers tnust possess a peculiar degree of at-
traction at the present moment, when there appears
-every probability of
_their forming henceforth an in-
tegral portion of the Russian Empire. The Bayou
Von,Zedlitz, the author of
_the article alluded to, in
the true: spirit -Of Getmanrcomposition, begins his
account of tile two provinces, or, as they are, more
-frequently called, Principalities, at theearliestperiod
at which they are found to figure-hi history; namely
at the time when, about 300 years before the Chris-
tian
.era,. they were a, sort.of. Roman Botany nay,
receiving, under the title of .Dacia Transalpine, the
„very refuse of the prisons of the,capital-, and not un-
frequently the most illustrious citizens of the State,
who at different times fell victims-.to political animo-
sity or Imperial oppression..

When Rome became the prey of barbarian hordes,.
whom her ',wealth intl. AvelikneSs . alike tempted to
plunder, Dada Transalpina was one of the first of
the Roman provinces-the dominion of Which was
-wrested from the. hands of the Imperial city ;..and
-from that: period to the conquest of the Greek
pire, by blahomet the Second, no annals whatever
appeared- to .have been preserved of this portion of
Europe. At the latter period a tribe was found in
possession of the country, governed by a Prince of
the name of Dragul, but whose dynasty expired in
the person of his grandson and successor, who, at
eighteen years of age, was cruelly murdered by an
individual to whom he had extended the most pecu-
liar marks of personal favour. -

At this moment the country was upon the point
of becoming a subject of contention between the
Porte and.a powerful neighbour, Matthias Corvinus,
but the spirited inhabitants proceeded to the election
of a new prince among themselves, and Stephen;
surnamed the Warlike, was chosen. Disappointed
of their expected prey, the Ottomans proceeded to
snatch by force what they had failed in obtaining by
intrigue; but Stephen proved worthy of the confi-
dence reposed in him by his countrymen ; for,
though repeatedly defeated by Bajazet, he succeeded
nevertheless eventually in driving back the invaders,
and in maintaining the integrity of the country, the
defence of which had been confided to his arms.

It was the fate of Stephen, as it has been that
Hof many distinguished-princes, to find in
.his son a
successor altogether unworthy of him ; for during
the reign of Bogdan, the same people, who but a
few years before had baffled the attempts of the most
successful of Ottoman conquerors, submitted without
a struggle to acknowledge themselves vassals of the
Porte, and to the annual payment of a tribute,which,
in proportion as the authority of the Sultan acquired
the sanction of time, was very considerably encreased.
For some time the Principalities continued in the
undisturbed possession of the right of electing their
own Princes; but this right they were also deprived
of in the 16th century, since when it has been cus-
tomary for the Porte to name the two Hospodars
from among the Boyards residing as hostages at
Constantinople; and as the nomination to this dignity
usually devolved either upon the Grand Vizier or
upon the Reis Effendi, it became easy for a few of
the most powerful families of Moldavia and Walla-
chia, to' exclude all others from the hope of
ever mounting the feudatory throne. A few are
indeed found in the list of the Hospodars,
guished more by their talents and achievements
than the Splendour of their families,. but these are
only solitary exceptions to a general rule, and we
shall seldom read in history of a Moldavian or Wal-
lachia!' Hospodar that was not a member of the fa-.
milies of Cantacuzene, Cantimir, Duca, Bassaraba,
Maurocordato, Ypsilanti, Sutzo, Karadsehe, Gika, or
Sturdza.

The family
of Mautocardato descends from the
.
Court butcher of Amurath IV. This man, whose
name was Skarlotas, accumulated immense wealth
by speculations in cattle, and sent one of his grand-
sons to study medicine at Padua. This grandson,
Alexander Maurocordato, became a celebrated phy-
sician at Constantinople, obtained the situation of
Dolmetscher to the Porte, was afterwards sent Am-
bassador to Vienna, and on his return raised
.to the
rank of Mttharerni-Errar (Secretary of State).-;--
Whilst occupying this elevated station he succeeded
in obtaining for two of his eons the liospodarsbips of
Moldavia and Wallachia.

The last peace between Turkey and Russia was
purchased by the sacrifice of a. considerable portion
of Moldavia, ceded by the former to the latter. In
the territory thus ceded is situated Akjerman, the
Oxia of Herodotus, the Julia Alba of the Romans,
and the Czelata Alba, or the white city of the Mol-
davians, celebrated. in ancient times as the asylum
of Ovid and more recently by the conclusion of a
treaty, the. infraction of which is the ostensible mo-
tive for the,war - now waging. between Russia and
the Porte. .

Moldaviacoiitains, independently of that part of it
ceded to Russia‘by the last treaty of peace, a surface
of 576 geographical square miles ; Wallachia' 1,100.
Taking, therefore, the surface of the whole of Euro-
pean Turkey at 9,300 geographical square miles,
the two Principalities would form a sixth of the
whale. But their population is far from being in
proportion to their extelt, for of the ten millions
supposed to constitute the population of the Euro-
pean dominions of the Porte, only about 890,000
inhabirithe Principalities, and the depopulation ap-
pears to exemplify in a striking manner the destruc-
tive policy of Turkish misrule, when we are told
that the Wallachians and their descendants, who
have at various times sought a refuge in Hungary
and Transylvania, form at the present moment a po-
pulation of upwards of a million.
In personal appearance the Wallachians are de-
scribed by the Baron Von Zedlitz as only a few de-
grees above savages, and bearing in their counte-
nance all the marks of the double slavery to which
they are subjected, by the Porte and by the Hos-
podars. Their costume consists of a wide shirt or
tunic, fastened round the waist by a leathern belt
arid confined in full and long trowsers; a hatchet
hangs from the belt in the place of a sword ; their
feet are enveloped in sandals of untanned leather,
and on the left shoulder hangs generally a sheep-
skin to supply the place of a cloak. These articles
'of costume are generally.prepared by the females of
the family," upon whom, as with uncivilised tribes
in -general,eVerym'enial•and'hiboriOns office devolves.
The female costume, particularly the head-dress,
bears a strong resemblance to that of their Roman
ancestors; a cap in the form of a diadem is some-
times worn; Which is made to mark the wealth of
the owner by the' number of gold and silver coins
suspended from it.
The dwelling of the" peasant of Wallachia is a
species of clay hut with a hole in the roof, to let
out the smoke of a fire kindled in
the middle of the
floor, round which the family dispose themselves as_
comfortably as they can, and round which they also
generally take Hp - their quarters fur the iiight.
P.rheir food, as: may be easily supposed,- is not
-of a much more iluxurious character' than their
abode. Tai speaking of Wallachia; it would be
gypsies; who have
'tong made this province' their head-quar-
ters,-andprincipal.wrong to pass unnoticed the
fromwhich they continually send parties
dlivffheich
partsrentoleymaintain in foreign lands. Every
of Europe, to recruit the .garri-
sons
attemit to civilize. them and make them usefal
citi-
zens haS been tried in vain.. The commerce of the
country is almost exclusively in the hands of the
JeWs- and Armenians, who are generally in posies,.
'skin of the fine herds of oxen and horses, of which

* The MoldaVians preserve many traditions respecting
Ovid, and recite many poems in the Moldavian language,
which they maintain were written by him. There is a
lake called after him, Lacul Ovidului. One tradition
says, « there came a singular kind of man from the
banks of the Tiber, to the banks of the Danube; he was
graceful as a child and affectionate as a father ; he was
often melancholy, spoke to himself, and wept much ; but
when he addressed a Moldavian, his voice sounded lovely,
awl honey seemed to fl(IW limo hie lips."

it is esitimated that upwards 0f.30,000 are annually
exported from Moldavia alone.

The Baron Von Zedlitz proceeds, after making
some observations upon the Armenians, the descend-
ants of the ancient Parthians, to give some account
of the Boyards, properly speaking the nobility of the
country. The character of these has been in a great
measure influenced by the connection between the
country and the Porte. To acquire a knowledge of
those languages most_ generally spoken by the na-
tions holding diplomatic intercourse with the Divan,
wasformerly the Only road to greatness open to the
young nobles of the *Principalities,. inasmuch as it
qualified- them= to fill the situations of interpreters,
and by that means obtain the favour of 'the Sultan
or of the great Ministers a State, by whose assist-
ance' there was a hope of obtaining, if not the dig-
nity of Hospoddr, at least some other lucrative or
honourable employment. Their, dress is.usually ex-
tremely CoStly; niany' of the Boyards;it is said, will
sometimes have.clothes to the value of 4,000 rubles
.(about 1660 on them at -a ,time, and this without
including jewellery.
The usual costume consists of a red fur cap lined
with sable, a white fur-- cap or, a turban being worn
only by princes ; under this is a red skull-cap (Ca-
lotte), which is never taken off,'andlcinder which
aia eollected the few locks that the razor has spared.
A shirt of white silk and lorig.red trousers, with a
long robe generally called a Turkish vest, and an
Indian shawl tied round the waist, are the. usual
summer dress, over which 'in winter ample pelisses
'of sable and other rich airs are worn. Short-boots
or slippers of yellow Morocco cover their feet ;' the
latter are always pulled off upon entering a room..
where there is a carpet;- the consequence of which
custom is,.that when the grandees hold levees, whole
rows of these slippers are ranged in symmetrical
order round the antichamber, which to a stranger has
a most ludicrous effect; The wardrobe of their
ladies is no less costly than that of the &lards..
In the priticipal,towns there is no want of amuse-
lima; they have cassinos reunions"; twice a week
there are assemblies at the houses of the Hospodars,
and since 1818 a German theatre has been established
at Bucharest, which, although few of the Boyares
know anything. of the language, is extremely well
supported. The establishment fan Italian Opera
is also projected.
The houses of the nobles are extremely simple,
seldom more than one story high, and yet, though
hospitality can certainly not be counted among their
virtues, their household expellees are generally very
great. The want of order in their domestic ar-
rangements, the mistress of the house never interfer-
ing, is probably the principal cause of
,this. A host
of useless • servants also contributes much to their
ruinous expenditure.
They have no regular hours for meals, the time of
which is usually regulated by the appetite or the
caprice of the lord of the mansion ; their dishes, of
which there are never less than twenty put upon
the table at a time, are usually excellent, and pre-
pared according to the Turkish fashion : the yag-
hourth; the caimac, and the pilaf' must never be ab-
sent. The fasts are, however, observed with scru- •
pulous severity by high and low, and during the
principal ones, which occur 'immediately before
. ti.aster and Whitsuntide, vegetables boiled in water
are alone served up.
The Princes of Moldavia and Wallachia, who for-
merly enjoyed yet greater privileges, are Pachas of
three tails, and in point of rank stand upon the same
footing as the Viceroy of Bagdad.
M. Ritzo, the author of Histoire de la Grece
depth la chute de l'Empire d'Orient, and who,
as he informs us, occupied formerly a confi-
dential situation under the local Government,
asserts that the Princes of Greek origin,- of whom
Nicholas Maurocordato was the first, have con-
tributed much to the diffusion of civilization and
'canting, and, by the abolition of feudal slavery, have
greatly improved the-situation of the mass of the
population. The Baron Von Zedlitz, on the con-
trary, 'seems to incline to the opinion that this ame-
lioration. has not really taken place, and when we
recollect that the Ilospodars lived in constant dread
of the silken cord, it is scarcely to be wondered at
that the care of their own preservation occupied more
of their. attention, than- the happiness and welfare of
their subjects. The Baron concludes. his obser-
vations .by a brief notice of sonic of - the principal
towns..

Jassy, the capital of Moldavia, is situated on the
left bank of the Bachlui, and at no great distance
from the right bank of the Mitok, two streams tribu-
tary to the Danube; the town is built on the southern
side of a gentle ascent; but is render d unhealthy by
the exhalations from the marshy banks of the two
streams. In the year 1817, nine-tenths of the
houses were 'still of wood, and a few palaces, and-
particularly the extensive one of the Hoipodar, only
serve to make 'the appearance, of the miserable huts
that surround them contrast the more painfully to
the eye of a stranger. The streets are not paved,
but laid with boards. The citadel Tchetazuja is
not calculated to inspire much respect, being built in
defiance of .all the rules of. fortification, and com-
manded by several neighbouring heights. The po-
pulation was formerly upwards of 50,000, but the
different wars by which the neighbourhood has been
devastated, and-probably in no small degree the gene=
ral misgovernment of the country, have reduced that
population to about, 20,000. The churches and
monasteries are in number 70, surrounded generally
by high walls, which give them the appearance ra-
ther of prisons or fortresses, than, of temples for
Divine worship. Otte only, of these
.is Catholic.
There is also au Evangelical Meeting-house, the ap•
pearance of Nshieh is extremely mean. sissy has
four several times .been taken by the Russians, and
twice 14 the Austrians. .• •

Boruchani is, after Jassy, the principal place of
trade in Moldavia, and one of the chief connecting
links of German commerce with the East. Frank-
fort and Leipzic carry on a brisk trade with this
place,- the chief articles being colonial goods, Saxon
manufactures, Silesian linens, Flemish cloths, Rus-
sian furs, wax, and tobacco.

Gallacz, the ancient Aneyra Galatium, which was
destroyed by the Turks on the Bth of May last, is
important as a military position, and being, consi-
dered next to Brailow to possess the best harbour
on the Danube, is not without importance in a com-
mercial point of view.
Bucharest, the capital of Wallachia;_cOntains more
than-thee times the population of Jassy, and, as it
includes a- number of gardens and orchards, occu-
pies a yet greater space than its populatioh would
lead us to expect. The appearance on approaching
it is extremely impressive, on account of its many
churches, cloisters, and spires; but upon entering it'
the expectations of the traveller are grievously dis-
appointed. In 1802 this town was almost entirely
destroyed by an earthquake, but it has found it
easier, to, recover: from the effects of the convulsions
of nature than from those of :politics.
The best neap of Moldavia is one in six sheets, by
General Bauer, .QuarteOlaster-General in the
Austrian service, and in the writings of that officer
much information respecting the.. Principalities is to-
be found.

We have much pleasure in stating that his.
Grace the Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND has handsomely
subscribed 5001. for debentures in aid of the great work
of the Thames. Tunnel.

The. Rampart of Trajan, from which the re-
port communicated by the Preussische Staatszeitung is
dated, is one of the several monuments which still exist of
the famous expedition of TRATAN, in the year 101, which
gained him the surname of DAczcus. There is, among
others, a-plate called, Porta Trajani (Derbent-Kapu in
in a mountain pass, to the east of the city of Sophia.
Turkish), consisting of an arch supported by two columns
There is also a small city called by his name, Trajanopoli,
in the district of Gallipoli. The city of Babadagh, from
which the late bulletin was dated, has also some historical
celebrity. It was built by Sultan BAJAZET 1., who drew
Tartar Colonies to the neighbourhood; the name of the
place is derived from a Turkish Saint. Babadagh used to
be made the head-quarters in the wars of the Powrs with
Russia. It is a place of 10,000 inhabitants, situated on
low marshy ground between mountains; it has a high
echool, and five pienues,.aamitary4 Beportcr.

CLARE ELECTION.

(Concluded from our Paper of yesterday.)

After Mr. Q"CoNNELL had concluded,
Mr. FITZGERALD rose amidst. loud acclamations;
and spoke as follows :—lf, Sir, it were only for the
manner in which the freeholder.s. have now received
me, I should have much to thank them for—but
I have much to acknowledge-1 have to acknow-
ledge the services of mx many friends—their con-
stant and invaluable attachment, and the generous
and persevering support which, under circumstances
of a peculiar and extraordinary nature, they have
shown to my cause.—(Cheerso—+To them, collec-
tively and individually, I wish, in the. first place, to
offer my grateful and sincere acknowledgments.=
(Loud cheers.)lii whatever disposition, Sir,'l en-
tered this Court, with whatever recollections of what
passed on the last day that I addressed you in this
place, still * the manner in which _the Learned
Gentleman has day addresSed* you,- and
the tone of his speech,* have left me no wish to
-advert to what passed on a previous occasion.' I
can assure you no circumstance ofit shall be touched
upon by me now; and I will even add that if I
thought the resultof this election, whatever I -may
deem of its character, were likely to have the effect
of forwarding, as he believes it likely, to do, the
cause to which I have been sincerelyattached ; if I
could persuade myself that. this election and this re-
turn would lead to its final settlement, twould gladly
sink in oblivion every thought of personatinterest or
feeling--even should a shade of either rise within
me, still less
.would I embitter the triumph of those
principles, and of that question, which I have stea-
dily, and as I hope it will.be admitted, honestly ad-
, vomited. I wilt not, recur, Sir, to. the.legalyoints
which have been adverted to, nor• to any of the
questions which have been' raised on the subject of.
Mr. O'Connell's eligibility; of the validity of these
points it is not for me to judge; they must:go. be-
fore a higher tribunal than your's. The Learned
Gentleman cannot complain, if, feeling what I owe to
myself and to the county, I: am guided by my legal
advisers in pressing these points to a decision. The
county indeed would have a right to complain of me
if I did not.—(Cheers.) While I declare so much,
however, let ma add, that if the case permits it,
there is no man 'who would see under ordinary cir-
cumstances with more intense satisfaction than I

should the Catholic representatives of Ireland in the
House of Comintins.—(Cheers.) It is for this I
have contended, and if accomplished in a constitutio-
nal manner; not even those who have opposed me most
could feel more satisfaction than Ishould.--s(Cheera.)
Upon the law of the case I have said that- I am alto-
gether incompetent to form a jodgniettt. A prote;st
has been entered by the freeholders against-Mr.
O'Connell's return ; but I will add here, that • the
same spirit which actuated me at the commeneenient
of the contest has governed my conduct to the very
last. At the outset I stated, that I should take no
objection to Mr. O'Connell on the ground of his re-
ligion. In accordance with ,that declaration I re-
. frained, though advised to do so,- from entering any
protest against his nomination. In the first place I
am not prepared to say, that, as a Roman Catholie;-
he is &eligible (the capacity of sitting and voting is
another question); and even had I thought Mr.
O'C. incompetent to be elected, I must own I could
not bring myself to object to any man being elected
on the score of his religion.----(Cheers.)—No man
can expect me, if any ulterior proceeding is had, to
give up. the claims which my, excellent and invalu-
able friends have put forward on my behalf. • If,
Sir, my own personal interest only were at. stake, I.!
might easily be induced to relinquish any honour. In
this instance, however, a great public principle is•to
be maintained—but in maintaining that principle I
beg to assure the Learned Gentleman that' I shall
not take any ungenerous advantage.—(Cheers.)--If
he should be proved to be ineligible:AtriSit in par-
liament, he cannot blame me for Chinning to repre-'
sent again a county for which I have had ,the ho-
nour
of being so often chosen.—(Cheers.)ssAishall
not here allude to the peculiar circutustanceaunder
which this contest was commenced, antit has
now been brought to a close—circumstances
which it, is in vain to , suppose must not- be at-
tended with great results. For them I. am , not
responsible; and if I do not touch upon topics which
'must generate unpleasant feelings, and expressions
as unpleasant also,' it is because I have determined
on saying nothing that,cati irritate, nothing that can
inflame, minds already, excited; and whateser may
have been the character of this contest, .whatever'
the means that may have been used, or -the nattire
of the influence that.lias been excited •against me, I
will reserve them for another place, adding only
this, that if those circumstances lead to a settlement,
that is as anxiously wished by me as
,by any mull
Who hears me, I shall not complain, nes-drop one
word of regret that might be ascribed to- my present
disappointment. Sit,' in 'thin abstaining - in this.
place from adverting to these topics, I tens(' that
those proved and tried friends .Who stand_—deound
me will forgive me. I will not add to. our,present
state of excitement, nor fan the flame which has
been lighted in this county. It is my. duty, and the
duty of us all, to endeavour to allay it. The Hon.
Gentleman has returned thanks to those who raised
him to the situation which •he holds on the poll.
I have to return mine to those distinguished sup-
porters who tinder* no circumstances could be indu-
ced to abandon me. To those attached friends—.
friends such as no defeated candidate ever before
boasted the support of, and few successful candi-
dates ever had the honour of counting amongst.
his- advocates—to those friends I return my most
grateful and heartfelt thanks. If .I have, Sir, been
defeated, I have the satisfaction '.of• knowing that I
• have notnote lost a friend—;--(Cheers)-fcit; .amongst my
supporters are to be found the gentry of the county,
men who constitute the society of the country, and
who adorn, by their characters the sphere' in which
they move. I detract not from any other class of
voters, from whoin I have on for Mer occasions re-
ceived support. .TO yeti, Sir, or the impartiality
and urbanity with. which you have presided, my
thanks are due. To your Learned Assessor, also,
who had such arduous duties. to•perforts, and to both
my Learned Counsel, I- have to offer- my acknow-
ledgments. I wish now, Sir, to be permitted to
advert to two points, and it is for the purpose of an
exploitation which I ought to
.have offered on
Monday last in this place, 'and with respect to Which
I have been misrepresented. I do so': the rather
because I can now have no electioneering views,
and. I can have no motive imputed, Isnt a desire to
set myself right with my late constituents.—
(Hear.)--I am accused of having voted for the di-
minution of the annual grant to, the College of
Maynooth. - So far is that from being the fact, that
I was the Individual who proposed an augmentation
of that grant. One of my first acts as Chancellor
of the Exchequer was to propose and carry-through
the House of CoMmons an increased vote for that
establishment, and an extension of the accommoda-.
tion and. the numbers it contained ; and I had the
pleasure of receiving, on that occasion, the •
thanks of the Trustees, and of those who -
,
pre-
sided over the Institution. The- Other point, Sir,
refers to my name being coupled with the preserip
tion which has arisen, as it is said
from at-
tempting to. enforce a sYstem of education, not
in accordance with the faith of the majority of the
people, and the religious instruction to which their
Clergy adhere. My name was unfairly connected
with those of. whom I knew nothing. I pronounce
not on their conduct, but I claim for every One the.
toleration' which I extend to others: From this
bench, on a former occasion, I expressed my opinion
ntrikt v
o ars
in favour of a general system of education, and in this
town
that
prin.gest,
e
ttlot e
the
he
earliest,
schools a
ciple. The very last duty I discharged in -Parlia-
ment was, to serve on the Committee named by 'an
honourable and distinguished friend, the Member
for Limerick, to consider of the reports made by the •
Education Commissioners. With him I concurred
established t a i believesh ed on the largest,
in the resolutions on which the last report was
founded, and I shared with Mr. Rice. in that're-port, which was applauded by those who, on this

subject, also, were net informed of the coursewhich
I had held.—(Cheers.)—There is one other point
on which.l,find I was misunderstood., A-have seen
.in a report of What. I said, that words are-attributed
to me which I did 'not use. lam represented to tave
said that I had a communication with a Noble Lord,
who had introduced the Bill in favour of the Dis-
senters. I never had the honedr of any communica-
tion with that Noble Lord on any subject. My state.
ment referred to another occasion, on the presentation
of a petition by, I tnink, Mr. Smith, of Norwich.
One other point to which I would refer ia:the oath,
to which the Learned Gentleman. has alluded again
in his speech. I grieve that such an oath should
'be Prescribed: It is not the first time that I have
taken an opportunity of marking my disapprobation
of, 'and my repugnance to take it. Descended as"
am from' a Catholic family,- and allied by blood to
'Catholics', can I feel otherwise -when called on to
stigmatize their faith ? Let the preposition be made
by the Learned Gentleman, if he establishes hisleat,
Or let it be made by any other,' and there is not a
man who Will second its -repeal more heartily than I
shall.--(Lond'eheers.)---As to the Treaty of Lime-
rick, if I have not taken the same view of it which
Mr. O'Connell, in the allusion which he made- has
taken, it 'is because I maintain the justice of Catholic
privileges on higher grounds than any stipulations
can' supply, on grounds more sacred than any treaty,
more-inviolable than any compact, to be found either
in the Treaty Of" Limerick or in the Act of Union,
To the latter, too,.the Hon. Gentleman has referred
telling you that he' would-propose its repeal. Igo
not along with him in that respect, but since lie
has alluded to it, I may 'claim, as with regard to the
Treaty' of Limerick, some hereditary right to, speak.
YOu'haVe not forgotten the conduct of one who re•
sisted it to the last; unseduced and inflexible, and
that in times when too many were either enticed or
seduced—of one who in the Parliament of Ireland
led the way in advocating the cause of his Catholic
countrymen, Whatever act was in defence of their
arid our rights : whose first act was to give a people
to the Constitution—whose last act was to endeavour
to preserve a Constitution to the people I (Loud
cheering.) Sir, I am not called en to consume
more of your time, and not being called on I feel I
ought not to trespass further upon it. To those
who have honoured me with their support, to the
Gentlemen who stand around me particularly, I
again offer my most grateful thanks. Whether again
I may represent this county, or fill any other seat,
believe me that when the general interests of, the
country, or yours more particularly, are brought un•
der the consideration of Parliament, I shall be found
at my pest-(Cheers)—l shall be happy-and proud
to serve you "with the same solicitude and. the same
fidelity as when I bank the honour to be your
Representative and your servant. (The Right Hon,
Gentleman, sat down amidst loud 'cheers.)

Sir EDWARD O'BRIEN—I rise, Mr. Sheriff, under
feelings of great pain at a moment like the present,
when a contest such as this has proved has-drawn to
a close. I •canse forward here, Sir, on the first day
of this election,, not for the purpose of obtruding my
personal opinions upon the electors, but I came for
ward selected by the gentry of this county to express
their opinion—their unanimous opinion, of the gen'
denial), who, notwithstanding the support he re'
ceived, has been defeated, and defeated by a stranger'
Sir, I cannot 'altogether pass over the manner i 0
which the triumph of my Right Hon. Friend's ad'
versary was achiefed. It was 'achieved, Sir, by
severing ties which heretofore did, and ever ougbs
tO bind the tenant to his landlord. Whatever the
results may- be, which-mast grow out of this state
of things, let those who brought it about,be an'
swerable—upon their heads be it. Sir, I came for'
ward, to give my Right Hon. Friend.my support,
because I did believe, and do believe, that he is so
honest and zealous supporter of the claims of my Ro'
man Catholic countrymen, and under this conviction
I own I do feel no trifling degree of vexation at: find'
ing the Roman- Catholic Clergy and Laity exerting
everrnervei---and exerting it effectually, tO oust reY
Rt. Hon. Friend frolii the representation of the count,'
All 'the kindlier feelings of our nature have been
rent asunder in this contest, and_. let those bear the
blame The
niht
oNti%sLhgeoaiGysteeeikeedi
ix.lgntheeiiglt;airoeitizataishleaininsttfil)hueeasestnueccbelaelendotwo itnhge.
iwei list
pod
tf
as
and :indeed do still :hope, to see those talents he
Eised in behalf of nis country. In this contest Mr'
had
ssh oee pxs e6l
Fitzgerald has been as nothing; the individual ms.
has beenfoigotten, as well as the benefits he coil:
ferred upon his country; all energies, were directed
;
to oust him whose only crime was his having obey&
the call of his Sovereign, and we have now lost Lb'
ablest, the most zealous, and in my mind one of tb6
niost efficient Representatives that Ireland:Ever sell'
to the councils of the
.tktiou,7—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. Wilson, Mr. :O'Gorman Mahon, Mr. SteelC
and Mr. Spiel followed. These Gentlemen all borl
teStithonSY to the private worth of Mr. Fitzgerald.
and regretted that he should have' been-the victitf
through whose person the Wellington Administre
tion was to be assailed.

Well, said Mr. Sasso,, may Mr.. Fitzgerald
that he has not lost a friend during this contest. De
has not, Sir,- be never could lose a friend that be
once, possessed, but he has done more thammerell,
keep his friends, be has appeased an enemy.. (Log'
cheers.) I have spoken of him elsewhere perhO
tauntingly, and I now offer him an apology for havil
so done. The victory, Sir, we have obtained, is ltd,
over Mr. Fitzgerald, but over the party with whey
he has become. connected, and from whom, perhapshe found it impossible to dissever himself. TO;
party is a powerful one, but the more powerful it'
_the greater is our victory.- Here-the organization (.1
the people is complete: I will admit that it is dreadA
(Cheers.) It is dreadful, I adthit, to behold ::0,011`;,
men so disciplined, so Organised-,-and what, I wolol
ask, are the conclusions to be drawn from 'this stet
of things ?, May God grant that these events
which I have not glanced, but whose coming eth,
their shadowabefore—may God, say, avert fro',
my country such a fate as I dare scarcely think tee
—may our rulers. interAe and put an cad to t/
• political miracle which the last week presented
.:
and thereby restore the country to permanent try
quillity. (Loud cheers.)
The .High 'Sheriff then shook hands with tilt'
O'Connell, and :congrattlited him upon being re'e,
turned. Three cheers were then given for the stle
cessful candidate, and three for the late Represes,
ative ; after Which the vast concourse of pereoll;
separated, and at eleven o'clock the streets were lee
• quiet as if nothing had occurred during the weelt,ti
disturb the existed previously to tY
vommeneenient of the: election, ,

(From a Catholic Correspondent of the Morning Herala':
DUBLIN, MONDAY EVENING.--The election close',.
without a single breach of the peace. The rereil
el
sentation of Ireland is now decidedly in the hands Oj.
the Association. Another Catholic will be startew
present for the county of Galway the moment Mr. Daly, t,,m
Some mention the name of Shici, but the genel
fehl of Member,
the
leading
out his patent of Peerar. :
leans towards the nomination of a Catholic residehil
eding members of the Associati°l
of the county, Mr. French, Mr. Bellew; or Sir Jol
Burke, all of whom are men of considerable fort',
and influence. The funds of the Association l'f,r
greatly increased by the excitement of the.Clgv;
election. The subscriptions must leave a 'surria
beyond the expenses of between 2,0001. ate
:3,0001. The Catholics arc quite indignant '.'fit,
the Whigs. They look upon them as a spirv,
less, good-for-nothing party. Never, say: th,c;rg
was there a better opportunity offered of-- givuld)
the present Administration a fatal blow tLi.„
the Meeting at the Crown and Anchor Taver°*.t,
If the leading members of that party "of
tended that Meeting, and threw the
their names arid subscriptions into the stwe'
would have raised an invincible opposition t° tv ,
present Ministry. But they wanted moral c?°iTrahfi
and let the ball slip through their hands. led
were Lord Holland, the Marquis of Lansdowne,
Six F. Burdett Such is the language of the v
