NEW CHURCHES.

FOR THE SUN.

No. 111.

Al! things from the hands of the great Antbor
of nature are good and right, and Mall only per-
verts them .frotn..their. destined purposes, and
breeds front his adoleseency m.a.t.urity .all.the
...., • ~.
afflictions of civilized life.
The world has never been in a state of inno'
cence since it began to traiie itt its productions.
it has grown more and more wicked since com-
merce has engross, d ti,e span of human existence,
and the deceiis of fraud have flourished,, to the
loss of Liberty, and often of life. The farther
men hive gone from a pastoral, state, the more
corrupt have ben their murals, and their strut:-
'gles for more have generated discoid, to the dis-
traction of individuals. Trade and•mannfactures
have brought in riches. These • have produced
prider and ambition, luxury and idleness, the pa-
rent of crimes, in contempt of the Likv,
though assisted by religion, such are the ways
of men in the search. alter perishable objects, that
neither the laws, divine or human, are able to
repress their transgression. Yet the Legisl.dtore
keeps race with the malefactor, and as the one
improves in givit the other enacts punishment for
ptevention. •

Every thing ct iminal results from the force of
present temptation, and the weakness of the will
to resist it. It originates irr a want of a virtuous
education. Poverty and t- i 1 exatuple, misery and
the slavery of vagrant liberty, tinder which vice
is mistahen for virtue, crime for merit, arid the
means to commit it ingenuity, leads to evil; deeds
of injustice are. deemed inoffensive, and criminals
deprecate and .censure nothing but the law that
inflicts their ponishnp.ot. Compune:ion they
have•none, and fir.tittance at a gallows' comes too
late!' • .

To prevent crimes tA human institution, or di-
minish their gilantity, to soften the ferocity of
adults svhoiare accomplished in the arts of felons',
.and snatch youth from their walks in wretched-
ness, thence directing the law to their reformation
rather than punisliinent, sum:lilting more is i•e-
cpired- than the building. ist new Churches, which
may ease the duty of paroehi Clergynien, and
increase their profits. These the people or cti-
minal habits ss ill »ut attend. Public schools
should be erected in the parishes for the instruc-
tion of the young in common but useful lear.ning,
even through a life of industrious !about, and to
open their minds for the delights of virtue and the
detestation of vice. •As the third King of all Israel
in his wisdom said, " Train there up in the way
they should go. and when they grow old, they
Will not depart trout it ;" but left to themsel7es,
parentless and hieudless, destitute and helpless,
they will wander into evil for bread, until they
are taught and finished in it by old prac•
titioners.

In Scotland an early tuition of what is triorAlly
right leads to an avoidance of what is morally
wrong, and few forget the one so as to follow the
other. It is the same in Holland. So atnong
the Protestant lissenters few arc found in she
class of delinquents who pay their tot kit life.
Rare also are the instances among men of learn-
ing, good breeding and family, who criminally
offend as felons. it is the lim., the deserted, and
distressed, the paren:les, friendless, in the Itver
Order of people, who are sacrificed as Victimi
to justice. These are object; of our compassion.,
a lid if they had the benefit of early cultivation, not
one in ten Awould be brought before a criminal
tribunal. To the•honour of ihe nation, however,
means are take!) on the Laucasterian plan for
schools, and by penirenriary confinement, to
blunt the sword of criminal retribution, which no
increase of our' established churches is so likely
to t &et.. This ,is opinion, and the re ;Sons are
premised ; every thing is running on. and im-
proving in one common error, and nothing will
put an etici to it hot .a
recurrence to first prin-
ciples, for the general good without diatinction
or pat Gant

CON.S'fati'f I N E.

THEAT RICAL
. ,
Performed List
TtiCATRE ROYAL, DEW RY-LANE.--(fifth time), Rob Roy,
the Gregarach : Itob Roy M4cgregor, Mr. ll—Johnston ;
Helen Macgregor, Mrs. Glover. After Which, Honest
Thieves.
'F(FA•rUE ROY.% COVENT-G RDENZ..—Romeo and Juliet:
Mune°, Mr. C. Kemble; Joliet, Miss O'Neill. After which,
The Marquis De Carah,N..

ARRIVEb-1 Dublin, 1 Watcrford, I Guernsey and Jersey,
I France. DuE--3Gottenburgli., 1 Libbon.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THis DA V A T TwELVE

per Cent. Cons 78lailii Exch. Bills, 2(1, 12s. 1.55. 12s.
5 per Cent'. N. Ann... 1051-106 Ids. pr.
India Bonds. ..825. pr. Ditto, 2d lss. 16s. pr.
Nouth Sea Stork ... .861 Cons. for Account,7Bii-iii 79

HIGH WAT'F.P. AT LONDON MUDGE 'rO•MOII.RONV.
Morning, &9 inittutes after 10. t Everting, 2.1 minutes after I I.

THE SUN.

SOLE:11 QUI4 DICEIRE FA Ls ir Arl I)EAT

LONDON,
TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1815.

We received last night the Paris Papers of Fri-
day last, and this morning those of Saturday. The
Moniteur of Friday contains a loyal Ordonpance,
directing the rebuilding of the theatre of l'Odeon.
The Chamber of Peptic', on Thursday, conti-

lined the deliberation on the articles of the Cus-
toms Projet. An amendment proposed by M. de

la BOULAY E, for allowing the transit of colonial

produce through Alsace, was negatived, 101 to 96.
Friday the diseusion was concluded, and the
Projet adopted, 164 to It. The Chamber then
proceeded to take into consideration the Projet
for the abolition of ti►e Slave Trade, tc hen no
Member presenting biatielf to speak upon it, the
