DEATH OF BUONAPARTE

The Hon. Proprietor, after speaking some time, Wr.S inter-
rupted by •
The Ci-tArn3ws-, who said he thought it right to communi-
cate to the Court the intelligence he has that moment received
—that Buonaparte'Was dead. In a few minute afterwards he
added,. that he' had made the, former communication to the
Court in consequence of a private letter which he had received;
but that he had since received a letter from-Sir Hudson Lowe,
officially annoimang thia -event. The letter, which was then
read by the Clerk, stated, for the information of the Board of
Directors, that General Buonoparte had•expired at ten minutes
before six o'clock on the morning of the sth of May, in cense-
cuence of an indisposition which had confined him to his apart-
ment since the 17th of March last.

Mr. LOWND7.s.—Then' Mr. _Chairman, I congratulate you
upon the intelligence..-(Loud and universal expressions of dis-
approbation.)
DOUGLAS KTNNATI:D said; that it was indecent and un-
worthy of an Englishman to make the natural extinction of a
man, who had been long politically dead, matter of congratu-
lation.—(Bear, hear!)
Mr. PATTisoN said; that. the circumstance had been com-
municated to the• Court as a matter of fabt, and not 9f dis 7
cussion.

Mr. LOWNi3ES Merely congratulated the country upon be-
ing relieved from the experice of the St. Helena establishment. •
He then resumed. his speech upon the India Trade Bill, of
which a word was not heard, in consequenez of the murmuring
conversation excited by the news of Buonaparte's death. • • -
The CHAIRMAN again said, that the Directors had done what
they could, but found it impossible to prevent the measure from,
being cairied. _ _ _ .

AIL flowonni hoped that the Proprietors would receive
notice of such .intended measures in future.

Mr. JACKSON' replied at some le.ngth to the 'observations of
Mr. D. Kinnaird. The Hon. Proprietor had stated he was
sorry, as art Englishman, that it was not confined to an Eng-
lish channel. That was, in effect, all he (Mr. Jackson) had
said. This Bill had the effect of abridging British commerce
at a moment, -when, of all others, it ought. to be extended.
A Proprietor hoped that against the next Sossion of Parlia-
ment the Board of Directors would take measures to have
it repealed.
LIBERTY OF THE IRESS IN INDIA.
Colonel STANHOPE•-ros:! foirthe ourpoSe of agitating the
cause of a hundred, millions of his fellow-subjects in India—of
agitating the question of a free press in India. He regretted
that no person of more ability than himself had brought for-
ts:A the subject. - It affected not only the inhabitants of our
India dominions, but the surrounding Nations, and millions of
human beings yet unborn. Ile must here, before he went far-
proteSt again'st-all prejudice.; Indian or English, as "aber-
rations from right reason, particularly a prejudice which would

doom the people of Asia, of Africa, half mankind to perpetual
servitude. Never would he believe that slavery was a divine
ordination, until he saw men with hunches on their-backs like
camels, and others with combs on-their heads like cocks, in-
dicating that some were to work and toil like beasts, while
others were to strut and crow over their fellow-crea-
tures. The Honourable Member then entered at considerable
length into the history of the press in India, and contend-
ed that the country would be materially benefitted by, the
difthsion of knowledge. The censorship upon pUblic writing
was an innovation in India, for it was contrary to the policy as
well as to the manners and laws of the Hindoos. Now, with
respect to public writing under our own Government, Warren
Hastings was assailed by enemies without, and at war with his
Own Councils. They had nearly driven him from his Govern-
ment, and yet the press under him enjoyed a freedom of dis-
cussion. Lord Cornwallis required no censorship to guard the
State from the consequences of discussion ; and under the mild
government of Sir John Shore it enjoyed ample freedom. He
held in his hand a number of the " Asiatic Mirror," dated
11th June, 1794, which contained animadversions on the direc-
tors, on the Batavian Government, on Commodore Mitchel,
and on Sir J. Abercrorriby. It was about four years after this
that the censorship was slily introduced under Lord Welles-
ley's administration, and the press subjected to restrictions
which would not be permitted in any of our little West India
settlements, though they were almost inhabited by slaves. But
Lord Hastings abolished this base censorship, though the re-
stictions still continued. Although opposed to Mr. Canning's
political opinions, he (Col. Stanhope) could not but give him
credit for the part he took in that measure. [Col. Stanhope then,
read an address from the inhabitants. of Madras to Lord Hast-
ings in 1819, with his Lordship's answer.] These words were
so useful and so noble that no parallel for them was to be found
in history. The restrictions imposed on the Press were of a
character to paralize liberty, but were not acted upon. Yet
such of them as were not consistent with the habits of the coun-
try should be repealed, lest future Governors, actuated by bad
motives, should enforce them. Under the censorship not, a
word contained in the Edinburgh Review, Cobbett's ReeiSter,
the Examiner, the Tiines' the 'Morning Chronicle, nay, of half
what is published in the Ministerial Papers would be allowed.
The lion. Proprietor pronounced a very high eulogium upon
the 'character and government of Lord Hastings ; and, after
making some further observations on the state of the Press in
India, he concluded by Moving, that all the late pisaceedings of
the Drectors, relative to the liberty of the Press in, India, be laid
before the Court of Proprietors. If, however, he received an
assurance that there was no intention of reviving the: censor
ship, lie would not press his motion. -
Mr. DOUGLAS I':INNAIRD, for form sake, secondsl the
motion. He was not aware that there were arty proceedings of
the nature moved foi to be laid before the Court; but coin-ea.:-
nig, as he did, in the principles expressed by the Hon. Mover,
as in the high character he had given Lord Hastings, he was
anxious that the Court should have an opportunity of uphold-
ing that measure by which his Lordship had immortalized him-
self more than by his military actions, or than any other man
who had been placed in his situation. This was one of the
many grounds upon which his Lordship was most particularly
entitled to the thanks of the'Court.

Mr. CHAiztERs moved. the previous question. He was
pro ceding to reply to the observations of preceding speakers,
*heti -

The CHAIRMAN said he thought he could shorten the dis-
cussion : for he could assure the Hon. Mover, that so far as he
knew, there was no intention at present to restore the censor-
ship. The Hon. Proprietor, perhaps, would therefore, as he
had suggested, withdraw his motion.
Colonel STAN uoPE.—I do, Sir, with pleasure.
Dooor.As KINNAInn agreed in withdrawing the
motion.

Mr. LowNnts said be would congratulate • the Court, if
Buonaparte, like Romulus, had been carried, to Heaven. He
owed that individual no ill-will, but he. was. :glad the country
was relieved from the expense of the St. Helena Establishment.
He then proceeded to defend the administration of Lord Wel-
lesley, when he was with much difficulty called to order, there
being no motion before the Court. •
Mr. C. GRANT said he should not be out of order, the assent
of the Court being necessary to the, withdrawal of the motion,
and not yet given, if he said a few words ; but it might go
abroad that the Bon. Member's statement of facts, which were
not quite accurate, were unanswered.. As to the freedom of
the press, Lord Hastings had withdrawn the examination of
periodical, papers by a censor, • but the previous restrictions still
remained. It would have been quite inconsistent with the pru-
dence and vigour of that Nobleman's administration to throw
open the press of India at this moment. He was glad the mo-
tion
was withdrawn. -
Mr. JACKSON' was anxious that what the Chairman had said
upon this occasion should not be misunderstood. He had
merely said," I know of no contemplation at present' to undo !
what Lord Hastings had done." Of that act, .he (Mr. Jack-
son) most cordially approved ; for though the odium was re-
moved, the security remained.—The Court t7len adjourned.

PRICE 0}
TILTS DAY AT TV
3 per Cent. Red "'Ll
3 per Cent. Cons.

4 per Cent 944
5 per Cent. Navy Ann.... shut

HIGH WATER AT IJONDO:
Morning, 18 minutes after 6.
