HER TFORD_NOMINA TION.

MONDAY, JAN s.—This being the day appointed for the
election of members to represent the borough of Hertford in
Parliament, the partisans of the candidates—the Hon. William
Cowper, Lord Ingestre, and Lord Mahon—were actively en-
gaged in looking up their respective supporters, and in mak-
ing all theoneeessary preparations for the forthcoming " tug of
war." . _

About half-past seven the Mayor, with the Hon. William
Cowper, Lord Mahon, and the Hon. J. Talbot, on behalf of
his brother, Lord Viscount Ingestre, who is on service in the
Mediterranean, appeared on the hustings at the Town Hall.
The proceedings throughout were characterized by a much
greater degree of order than has on former occasions been ob-
served. The reading of the Act for the prevention of Bribery,
occasioned much laughter among the crowd, in which we per-
ceived the Town Clerk himself could not refrain from joining.
JOAN MOSES CARTER, Esq., proposed Lord Ingestre.
Mr. OLDFIEI.D seconded the nomination.
Mr. JOSEPH LAWRENCE nominated Lord Mahon.
Mr. ARLINGTON seconded the nomination.
Mr. WILLIAM MANSER nominated Mr. Cowper.

Mr. T. N. HAGGAR seconded the nomination.

The Hon. J. TALBOT appeared for his brother, Lord In-
gestre. Though long himself he would endeavour to be
short.—(Laughter.)—[Mr. T. is very tall.] He had not had
the advantage of even hearing what Mr. Cowper's political
sentiments were ; but he understood he had called Lords In-
gcstre and Mahon nominees. He (Mr. T.) confessed they
were nominees, but of whom? of Mr. Carter, Mr. Lawrence,
Mr. Gilbertson, Mr. Ayres, and the other gentlemen by whom
they were supported, whose opulence and abilities reflect light
upon the town.—(Loud laughter.) Lord Ingestre having
expended time, labour, and immense sums of money—
( Laughter)—in defending their rights and privileges—he
meant great sums of money in that contest before that flagi-
tious tribunal, the Election Committee of the House of Com-
mons—he felt sure that, having done this, the electors would
repay the debt of gratitude they owed him, by redeeming their
pledges, and return him again to defend their privileges.
Lord MAHON called upon the electors, as honest men to fulfil
the premises they had made himself and Lord Ingestre, of
their own free will.
The Hon. WM. CowPER then came forward amidst loud
cheering. His opponents were, undoubtedly, in his opinion,
what they were called, nominees, not of a person in the town,
but out of the town.—( Cries of " At Hatfield-house.") He
had been asked by Mr. Carter if he would support the con-
nection between Church and State. His answer was, that he
would, for he considered that the majority had as much right
to tax the minority for the support of religion as for the sup-
port of the army, the navy, or any other institution for the pro-
tection of property. But what he complained of, was the in-
justice practised towards Dissenters generally. The Whigs
were Conservative of the abuses of the Constitution, but de-
structive of its abuses.—( Loud cheers.)
The Mayor then put the several candidates to a show of
hands. For Lord Ingestre there were but few ; for Lord
Mahon about fifty ; but for Mr. Cowper a forest of hands,
amidst cries of " All, all I" The Mayor declared the show of
hands to be in favour of Mr. Cowper and Lord Mahon. A
poll was then demanded on the part of Lord Ingestra.
Close of the Poll First day.

Cowper
Ingestre 290
Mahon

GUILDFORD-NOMINATION.

The election of two Representatives for the borough of
Guildford commenced yesterday, at the Town-hall, in Guild-
ford.
At ten o'clock in the morning the Court wns opened, and
the Mayor ( Mr. Rand) took his seat on the bench. The can-
didates, James Mangles, Esq., Baring Wall, Esq., said Robert

Alfred Cloyne Austin, arrived about the same time, each es-
cortrd by a very numerous party of friends, wearing rosettes of
various colours, and preceded by bands of music.
THOMAS HAynoN, tsq., proposed Mr. Mangles, and Mr.
FOSTER secended the nemlnatithit

Mr. MARTYN then proposed Mr. Baring Wall. [The shout-
ing, hissing, hooting, yelling, and noises of various kinds which
were raised it is impossible to describe, principally by Mr.
Wal's party, who were decidedly the most numerous and the
most noisy in the hall.]
Wm. SPARKS, Esq., seconded the nomination.
Mr. GEORGE AUSTIN, of Guildford, then presented himself
to the meeting to propose Mr. Austin, and was received with
hissing and hooting, amid every other expression of disappro-
bation.
Mr. FINNEMORE seconded the nomination.

Mr. MANGLES then addressed the meeting, and was received
in the most enthusiastic manner. He said he would look to
measures not men ; for if Ministers brought forward measures
in accordance with the wishes of the people, they should have
his support, but not otherwise.—(Cheering.) His policy was
to support peace, and to encourage every economy in the ex-
penditure of the Government. He was favourable to the re-
duction of taxation, particularly of those taxes which pressed
on the labouring classes. His votes were always given for the
encouragement of liberal measures.
Mr. BARING WALL then rose, and the shouting and cheer-
ing was instantly raised by his own party, and hissing and hoot-
ing as loudly by the friends of the other candidates. He was
anxious to answer the charge that had heen preferred against
him, and to repel the attack that had been made upon his
honour and his character as a gentleman. He an outcast from
society ! How dare any man stand up and make such an alle-
gation against him ? Mr. Austin appeared to him to be ac-
quainted svith a great many secrets, but he obtained those se-
crets by acting sometimes as a spy, and others by proposing
jesuitical questions.--( Hear, hear, and noises.) In reply to
Mr. Austin, he would boldly state that there had never been
any difference of opinion among his friends and supporters at
Guildford, with regard to the propriety of putting him for-
ward as a candidate for that borough. He asked for the vote
of no man who did not think his private character beyong re-
proach. He had met every charge brought against him, how-
ever painful to his feelings, with moral courage, and he de-
fied any one to attach to him the character of an outcast. Mr.
Wall then proceeded at some length to state his political opi-
nions, which were in accordance with those of the present Go-
vernment.--( Cheering and noise.)
Mr. AUSTIN then presented himself, and was received with
much cheering. He entered at some length into the griev-
ances which the Dissenters complained of, and promised that
if he was returned to Parliament their claims should receive
his most favourable consideration. In alluding to the question
of church-rates, he held that no man ought to be called upon
to pay for that form of worship which he did not attend, and of
which he did not approve.—( Hear hear.) Church-rates were
different from tithes. Tithes were a species of property, but
church-rates were an assessment. He then proceeded to ob-
serve that the Reform Bill had not made that material altera-
tion in the mode of election which it was supposed it would
have done ; for it was notorious that many county voters,
and also borough voters, voted under restraint and fear.
To remedy this the ballot was proposed. He detested
the ballot, and he proposed that it should be given
as a reproach to such places where bribery was known
to exist. He was favourable to triennial Parliaments. He
wished to see a more equal distribution of benefices among the
clergy. _ _ _

Mr. SMART and Captain JONES then addressed the meeting.
The MAYOR then took the show of hands, and stated that
majority was in favour of Mr. Wall and Mr. Mangles.
A great many (almost as many as for the other candidates)
were held up in favour of Mr. Austin.
A poll was demanded for Mr. Austin.

Thanks wero then returned to the Mayor, and three cheers
having been given for the King, the meeting separated.

LETVES:-NOMINATION.

JAN. s.—This being the day fixed by the High Constable
for the,nomination of candidates for this borough, the town at
an early honr presented a scene of bustle -deldom, if ever, wit-
nessed before. At eleven o'clock, the hour named by
the returning officer, the High Constable read the writ
for holding the election ; and the other necessary forms
requisite on such occasions being gone through,
Mr. BLACKMAN rose to propose to the electors Mr. Thomas
Read Kemp, as a fit and proper person to represent them in
Parliament.
Mr. ADAMS seconded the nomination of Mr. Kemp.
Mr. Hick proposed Sir Charles Blunt to the electors.
Mr. Wown seconded the nomination.

Mr. GEERE stepped forward to propose Mr. Fitzroy to them
as a true friend to the Constitution in Church and State, and
as one who, if sent to St. Stephen's, would resist by all means
possible anything like an encroachment on either : in fact, he
was a true Conservative—( Hisses)—and as such he stood be-
fore them.
Mr. LOUDELL seconded the nomination.

Mr. KEMP came forward, and was received with mingled
hisses and cheers. The Hon. Candidate referred to his con-.
duct in six Parliaments. He (Mr. K.) declared he was an
uncompromising Reformer in every sense of the word.
Sir CHARLES BLUNT expressed himself gratified at the re-
sult of his canvas, and that his conduct, during his second ses-
sion in Parliament, had met with the highest approbation from
the electors ; and stated his determination to pursue the same
line of policy as had secured it to him.
The Hon. H. FITZROY stated his principles to be of the true
Conservative mould, both in Church and State ; throwing out
at times a bait to the Dissenters ; and by a pleasing and firm
manner of address, carried himself through with considerable
success.

The fact appears to be, that Sir C. Blunt is certsin, but
that it is a matter of doubt as to Mr. Kemp and the Hon. H.
Fitzroy. The polling commences to-morrow.

MAIDSTONE.-NOMINATION.

This day (Monday) the nomination took place for this bo-
rough. Messrs. Robarts and Mr. Barnett were nominated for
the Blues, and Mr. Wyndham Lewis for the Purples or To-
ries. The two fanner were very well received, and gave
great satisfaction by their manly and candid addresses. Mr.
Lewis, whose delivery and obvious want of talent is greatly
against him, but who is said to possess other more powerful
means of convincing the corrupt part of the constituency, is,
of course, supported by the Corporation, and the old remnant
of Toryism, whom the present Lord Mayor of London once re-
presented very accurately, both in talent and principle. We
shall probably have a sharp contest, but there seems no doubt
of the return of Mr. Robarts ; and although the Tories are
offering about 301. per man for votes, yet it is expected that
the old Kentish blood, which generally peeps out at election
time, will inevitably elect the honest and really Liberal candi-
date, Mr Barnett, in preference to the advocate for slavery
and corruption. The show of hands was in favour of the Li-
beral candidates. A poll was demanded for Mr. Lewis.
