CORONERS' INQUEST.

• Yesterday morning an Inquest was held befnu.,
C. J. JEstrtETT, Esq. at the sign of the Two Brewers public-
house, Ewer-street, Southwark, on the body of a young twat
named Richard Gear, who poisoned himself oat Monday even-
ing last.
When the Coroner took him seat, one of the Jury got up, and
addressing his brother Jurymen, observed—'. Gentlemen, be
tore we continence husiAess, we bad better retire and view the
body of the deceased, in order to be certain whether he is -dead
Or alive, as perhapa,it moy, be all a hOll3l. •
Another ,Juryman.---" Sir, I hope yon,,Are not afraid that
the deceased has come' to life again r"
Mi. .1 E nstt:TT that directed the jury to view the bony,
when the ittilowing evidence was afterwards adduced :—_

Mrs. Anne Oar, ;timber to the deceas.d, stated that oa
Monday evening last,. between six and seven o'clock,' the
deceased came borne; and she wax informed shortly after,
that. he was in the -privy backwards, retching violently.--..
She proceeded there, and found hint as deselibed. In re.
pply to witness, the deceased said lie had not been drink.
• ng, and that 'it was of no use to get him any thing, as he
should never want either victuals or drink again. He was at
length prevailed upon to walk into the house, and he with dif.
• ficulty staggered up stairs, threw !tine:ellen the bed, and con
tinned 'dreadfully ill until about halt past eleven o'clock,. when
he expired. Witness, on scarehing his waistcoat. pocket,
found two papers, one of which contained a small ()ordeal of
powder, and had written on it" arsenic—poison."" Witness was
then persuaded that the deceased had poisoned himself : a doctor
was sent for, who decided that the unfortunate man had killed
himself in conserpience of having taken arsenic enough to destroy
20 men. She added that her son had attempted to destroy
self on three different occasions before with the same mineral'
poison, and, it was onlya few days previous to his death that
he had thrown himselfinto the Snirey Canal, out of which he
was•dragged, nearly 'drowned. She mentioned this circuit:.
stance, which clearly proved. that , the deceased was !skimming
under insanity at the time he destroyed himself.
" Thc deceased poisoned himself in a fit of insanity."

hIPROVED METimp OF MAKINO COPFEr.—A.
correspondent, in the ''Annals of Philosophy,' for the present
month, gives the following as an improved method of prelim-
ing this delightful beverage From
.the highly fugaeitraa
nature of that part of ez,ffee on which Its fine flavour de-
pends, a practice has become very generally adopted of
late year(' of preparing the liquor by mere atraining. This
tnethod has nut only the great detect of being excessive-
ly wasteful, but the ranee is likewise apt to be cold.:—
Coetion, and the preservation of the fragrant mutter, Are,
hoWever, out inconsistent. The union of these advantages
is attainable by performing the , operation in a close veil-
sel. To obviate the production' of vapour, by Which the
vessel would be raptured, the boiling temperature must
be obtained in a water bath. In my experiments, I made
use of a glass phial closed with a cork, at first let loose
to allow the exit of the air. Coldwater was put to the coffee.
This process is equally applicable to tea. Perhaps it may
also be employed advantageously in the boiling of hops, during
which, I understand, that a material portion of their mama is
dissipated t is likewise possibly for Making certain medic it de.
wedeln.. This way of preparing coffee and tea prsient4 .Vie'
rious advantages. It is productive of a very, considerable eco.
tunny, since, by altoUing of any continuance of the cortiOn
without the least injury to the goodtiess, nil the soluble matter
may be extracted, and, consequi,ntly. a proportionate less
quantity of them becomes requirt.li. Ity allowing the coffee to
cool in the dopiest vessel, it MAY he filtered through papei, then
returned into the closest vessel, and heating again, and thus had
of the most perfect clearness without any foreign addition to it,
by which coffee is impaired.
ON Ecttocs.--,An cello is a reflected sauna
the ancient philosophers were unacquainted with the true nature
of the echo. The 'mete sup posed it to have been a nymph, veto
pined into a sound, for love of Nerciatsus. Du t the modern statsof
philosophy has established it upon unerring principles. A cording
I to tlic variou d istances from the mieaker,areflectingobject will re-
turn the echo of several; or of it few syllables, for all the syllahles
must he uttered before the echo of the first syllable reaches the
ear, otherwise It will make a confUsiob. In a moderate way of
speaking, shout 3i syllables are prtmounced in one second, or
RCM syllables in two seconds.. Vrom the computations of,
' short-hand writer, it appears that a ready and rapid orator, in the
English language, pronounces from 7,009 to 7,590 words in am
hour; namely, about 120 words illlionnuie, or two words in tub
second. Therefore, when an echo repeats 7 syllables, the re.fle. t-
r ing object is 1,142 feet distant ; for since sound trevele at the
rate of 1,143 per second, the distance front the speaker .1 the
reflecting object, and again from the latter to the former is
twice 1,142. When the echo returns 1.1 syllables, the reflect-
ingg, object must be 2,2114 feet distant, and so on. A famous
echo is said to be in Vtroodittoelt Park; Oxford, It repeats
seventeen syllables in the day time, and twenty at night,
when the air being somewhat denser the sound doe* not travel
quite so fast. There is also a remarkable echo on the north
side of Shepley church, in Sussex, which will repeat distinctly
21 syllables. At Rearmed), near Illaigew, their is an echo that
repo:its the tune playing with; a trumpet three times completzly
and distinctly.
CANTEsounti, OCT. 9.—At our hop market on Wedrts.
day last, several considerable sales took .1014ce, ,they %A.m. Wl'
freely at M. and IB guineas up to 111, nod there is no Upil. :4r
once of their being lower; many holders of fine samples hesi-
-1 tate to sell at present, in estimation, of higher prices.
A EN'A'ABLE OrrilitllENEE.--.Abollt four
o'clock 'on Thursday se'nnight, the *Ammer ,Tiaanas,
with coals, got under weigh at Carrickfergus Ileutds„ ter Iced
beset, with a pilot on board, and being about two, mites wost-
south-west of that place, with ,all neemory sail sot, was in
a moment struck with a violent gust of wind, by which she
was immediately sunk, in the sight of Many spielatom, n,,t-
withstanding every exertion having been made by the Captain
anti crew to save her. The pilot, Capi,:ain, and four °theta,
who had the good fortune to be on deck, were saved ; but Airs.
Clements (the Captain's wife), Wm. Jack, the mate, a female
passenger and her two children, being below, unfortunately
perished.—Shortly after the schooner sunk, she righted, arid
her two masts became visible about 12 or 14 feet above the
surface of the water. On the evening of Friday, John David-
son, fisherman, aided by some others, succeeded in finding,
with a boat-hook, the body of William Jack, in the cabin, from
which he drew it forth. On the same evening, Thomas Park-
hill, seaman, found the body of Mrs. Clements' the Captain'a
wife, which he succeeded in removing from the cabin. The
female passenger, whose name is unknown, with her two hub
boys, named William and John, yet remains in the fore-eastleJ
from which she could not be removed.

Yesterday at two o'clock, a youth named
Tom taNsom, whose parents reside in Cromer.
court, St. James's, was crossing the street from
Craig's-court to Spring.Gardetts, when two stage
coaches, a coal waggon, and an errand cart
blocked him up, and as he endeavoured to pass
through under the horses, he was jammed betw vett
the wheel of the cart and the seat wagon, and
as the cart moved on, he was pulled down ender
the wheel, which passed over his arm and 61111114htd
it to atoms. He was taken up in a. state of in.
sensibility, and carried to a surgeon's shop close
by, ,who dressed they bruises, and advised hint to
he taken to the hospital instantly to get it set.
The poor fellow now lies without hopes of
recovery.

K.. ~

~
~.

~

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
£rtracts from the Morning Papers, October 11

(THE TIMES.)
tikurJournal of to-day contains the melancholy,
Ips not unforeseen, catastrophe of the siege of
Cadiz. " That man," as Lord Chancellor Man-
4ers would call the King of Spain if his Majesty
happened to be oppressed by potent enemies, is
t►ow, we presume, in a situation the very reverse
4yr distress. He is in the hands of potent friends,
--Of a triumphant army : He is free.—" The
King and Royal Family arrived at Port St.
Mary at eleven o'clock this morning, October
Ist." Such are the terms of the third tele-
graphic dispatch. The first of these documents
which was dated the 28th of September, an,
nounced somewhat prematurely the expected ar-
rival of the King at the French head-quarters,
and the cause of the mistake is sufficiently ex-
plained ; for it appears that the freedom proposed
to his Majesty at that period, and which he himself
bud made known to the Duke of Angouleme, was
conditional, and that the terms were such that
probably neither King nor the Duke would ac-
cede to them. The preparations for attack were
probably resumed, and continued two days longer,
when such confusion and insubordination took
place within the town, that what may be called
absolute submission followed—that is, the King
and Royal Family went over to the Duke,
there being nothing to detain them : and with re-
spect to the Constitutionalists, no terms were
teade on their behalf ; they are left to do and
to suffer what fate may ordain. Their condition,
indeed, is such that-the description of it reminds
u►s forcibly of the aqcount give►► by the historian
Livy of the distress of the people of Capua who
bad been attached to the Carthaginian and Ant&
bal party, when► the town was to be restored to
the Romans ; and a more affecting narrative is
slowbere to be found. Now, therefore, Ferdi-
nand and the French, his dear allies, are toge-
ther ; their first grand object—that upon which
they supposed ult the rest to hinge—has been
obtaiued. What will this junction produce ?
The peace of. Spain ? Will it hold forth to liberal
Spaniards the hope of a free Constitution ? or will
it, on the other hand,trunquillize the Serviles with
the assurance of a permanent despotism? Alas !
what freedom is to be expected at the hands of such
a man as Ferdinand ? If he had been disposed to
emancipate his subjects, he might have done that
long ago without the intervention of the French ;
and if he hopes by their aid to perpetuate slavery,
they may not be disposed to go the length which
his vindictive passions would impel him : or if
they are, the end will only be rendered more
odious by the means employed to attain it. A
King rendered triumphant by foreign bayonets
over the rights of his subjects, wilt be more
hateful than one that makes himself despotic
by his own arts, or through national prejudices.
The power that shall have made Ferdinand ah.
So lute in Spells, must remain there to keep him
sb. The Incongruity, therefore, of the means
employed to tranquillize the Peninsula, was, per-
haps, never more apparent than at present, when
they have had more success than could have been
expected, end they yet lead to no defiuite cm

: had they (ailed totally in the executio

then their inadecluacy could not have been knowh.
Rego, it will he seen, arrived in Madrid on the
id instant, atnidst much insult, and tic small
tlgOger from popular fury.

[MORN! NG POST.]
No official details of the important intelligence
which we communicated yesterday have yet ar-
rived, though we have received by our regular
Express ail the Paris Journals of the Sth, and the
Pilate of the 9th inst. In the absence of Quillen-
tic information, however, there is no lack of ru-
WOUrS and assertions, and seine of the latter are
given in a shape and strider an authority which
entitle them to some consideration, though not
to full credit. Amongst these is the Madrid ac-
count of the circumstances which are said to
have preceded the restoration of the King of
Spain to unlimited power and liberty. It will
he found amongst our extracts from the French
Papers, and if it state any thing approaching
tke truth,. It presents a most melancholy and
disgusting picture of national degradation. If
the people of Cadiz and the army in. the Isle
of Leon have not been most infamously slan-
dered,—if they have been guilty of a tythe part
of the baseness laid to their charge, a stain is
fixed on the Nobility of the Spanish character,
which ages of glory will neither conceal nor re.
nsove. But we will not believe that men who,
under perils of a 'still graver nature, when a
far greater enemy lay at their doors, and the
strength of the nation had been broken, in a
hundred battles, turned an unshrinking front to
the foe, and framed a free constitution for their
country under the tire of his batteries—we will
fset, believe that such men could make a jest
of patriotism, and he the first to insult before
they betrayed the few nobly determined to de-
fend the national honour. If, indeed, this abo-
mination have been perpetrated in the former
sanctuary of Spani4h liberty, thee are the Cortes
fully justified in resigning it to the pollutions of
the enemy. Even the guardian angels of Judah's
temple abandoned their charge when it had been
desecrated by the iniquities of its worshippers.—
Men cannot pretend to greater patience and to-
Imams than seraphs. All that could be done to
maintain the dignity of the Spanish name and the
existence of the Constitution seems to have been
attempted by the Cortes, though surrounded by
dpfection, cowardice, and treachery; for we are
told in this very article as an additional
charge against them, that under such appal-
ling circumstances they courageously demanded
terms which it would hav,e been a redeeming trait
in the. French Generalissimo to grant. They
required, we are told, to be allowed to retain
possession oft Cadiz, the Isle of Leon, and
all, the strong places in the power of the Con-
stitutionalists during two months, with per-
Mission to traffic and communicate with the
rest, of Spain and other -countries : and they
also justly demanded that the Regency. of .1

Madrid should be dissolved " as incompatible
with the liberty of the King, the sole legiti-
mate Government." It is only when they
found the majority of the people and of the
army cowardly towards the foe, and brave only
against legislators and patriots, that they are re-
presented to have dispaired of a defence without
defenders, and resigned to the former Despot of
Spain the charge of protecting a Constitution
which he had solemnly sworn to maintain and to

obey. Such is the general character of the ac-
counts hitherto received. As they come from
the Journal of the Madrid Regency, let us
trust that they are exaggerated—let us hope that
they are entirely false. That Cadiz has surren-
dered is by no means certain. The only esta-
blished fact is the departure of the King and his
family ; and it is still possible that the retention
of Cadiz and the Isle of Leon for some time
longer on the part of the Constitutionalists may
he the price paid by the enemy for the possession
of the Monarch.

[MORNING CHRONICLE,]

From all we are enabled to collect in the ac-
counts hitherto furnished by the French them-
selves, of the concluding scenes in Cadiz, it is
very evident that considerable confusion must
have prevailed there before it was finally' re-
solved to send out the King as a peace-
maker, and that the difficulties which sur-
rounded the Government and the Cortes were
so great and, pressing, that they had no alterna-
tive left—the state of public feeling not warrant-
ing them to risk the consequence of an assault,
in the face of the formidable preparations made
by the enemy. Deprived of all pecuniary re-
sources from the moment the Constitutional
Authorities quitted Madrid, and also foiled in
their expectations of negociating loans in a
foreign market, their straits must have been
great, and the troops, as well as all the
public functionaries, were under long arrears of
pay. Heavy contributions had been levied on
the rich inhabitants and merchants of Cadiz,
chiefly constituting the militia of the place;
and these exactions, added to the fatiguing ser-
vice of the ramparts, with the other privations of
a siege, must have considerably weakened this
portion of the defence, by creating weariness
and disaffection, particularly after the capture of
the Trocadero. The militia of Madrid were
almost the only troops on whom entire reliance
could be placed, and their number was too small
to induce the hope of a successful resistance.
—The earlydefection of several of the Generals

in command of armies, and the subsequent
surrender of some of the most important fort-
resses, must have had great influence on the
minds of those assembled in Cadiz, us no
succour could any longer be expected, and no
diversion could be made in favour of the be-
sieged garrison. Although provittions, generally,
bud not risen to an exorbitant price, meat was
nevertheless extremely dear. The prejudices of
the lower orders bud also been worked on,
and,, besides, French gold bad gained over many
within the walls. It remains to be seen what use.
Ferdinand 'VII, and the Duke of Angouleme
will make or their victory,.—What, the intrepid
and persevering Mutt may determine at khis cri
tical moment also constitutes an object of 011XiOUS
curiosity. Between him and the French SUS.
pension of hostilities in all probability will now
take place, and he will conceive it his duty to
ascertain the intentions of the King, as well' as
the ulterior views of the invaders, before he and
his brave followers lay down their arms.

[MORNINII HERALD.]
In the remarks which we made 'yesterday on
the affairs at Cadiz, we gave the riding Authori-
ties of that place a greater degree of credit for
wisdom, or for prudence, than, according to the
statement in the French 'papers, they now appear
to have possessed. The only way we could ac-
count for the quiet surrender of the King, after
the vigilant custody in which he had been kept,
was by supposing that the Cortes had, in conse-
quence of some SCeret arrangement,` secured for
themselves not only an indemnity, but also some
portion of that money which the French Govern-

went is believed to have distributed through-
out Spain. If the accounts, however, which
reached us yesterday be correct, it would
seem that the liberation of the King was the re-
sult of despair among the members of the Cones ;
that unable to adopt any decisive measures, or
even to deliberate—and findina. themselves des.

titute.of all authority,, they gave up every thing
for lost ; and rested their last hope on the
clemency of the Kingivd of the French Coln,.
[Handers, who had previously :refused to grant
them any conditions.'. The strug,gle has thus
terminated roost ignobly for those who cull
themselves the Representatives of the Spanish
people. There is still, however, reason to .sus-
Inlet that some of them, acting under the in-
fluence of French bribes, had diffused a spirit of
despondency, not only among the members of
their own body, but among the military,
who might otherwise have made a resistance
against the besiegers, and thus hastened- that ca-
tastrophe which has taken place. How far it
will turn out hereafter-to he a bloodless affair for
some hundreds. of Constitutionalists who had

taken refuge in Cadiz, is still uncertain. There
appears ►► great deal of mystery in the whole of
this business, which 'Arne. only can develope.—
There can be no doubt but that among the defen-
ders of Cadiz there prevailed a great want ()Icor.
diality, a great dead of disunion, and cowardice,
Yet is unaccountable how men, who had it in
their power to hold out for a considerable time,
should throw themselves into the hands of enemies

from whom they can expect no favour. It is
stated in one of the French papers of Thursday,
which we received last night, that 'Ferdinand has
pledged himself not to persecute any man for his
former conduct, but every one knows how little
dependence is to be placed on such a promise ;
and even should he feel the strongest inclina-
tion to keep his word, how,will he be able to
controul the vengeance of those Councillors, by
whom he is to be surrounded, and who will
be the ipso facto rulers of• the kingdom ? In
short, there appears but two chances of safety
fur the leading Constitutionalists at Cadiz,

either to make their escape by sea to Englan d
or America, or to receive protection from the
French army. Such protection may be afforded ;
and if so, this will probably be one among many
other reasons why the French will keep posses-
sion of Spain. They must do so as a matter of
necessity ; for otherwise, in the present state of
the Peninsula, they would have all the work of
invasion to do over again.

[NEW TIMES.]
A t a late hour last night the Quarters' Accou

of the revenue had not been fully made up; but
sufficient appeared to shew that it would be as satis-
factory as the best friends of Government could
wish. We even understand that the statements in
an Evening Paper of yesterday, gratifying as they
are, will be more than borne out by the Official
Returns. It may be remembered, that the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, in his luminous financial
speech of February 21st, assumed that allowing
for the deduction which must take place this
year, in consequence of the full operation of
the diminution of taxes effected last year, the
receipts of 1822 might fairly be taken as the
basis of those of 1823. The Customs in par-
ticular were taken by Mr. Robinson at some-
what less than the produce of the year pre-
ceding, which he avowedly did, 44 in order to be
completely within bounds, and to avoid an exag-
gerated calculation." But in the Customs of the
present quarter, it is believed that there is an
increase compared with the corresponding quar-
ter in the last year of 400,0001. or upwards ! In

some descriptions of Stamp Duties there is a
marked improvement, in others a slight diminution

—but upon the whole the produce is increased.
There is some decrease in the Assessed Taxes, and
some (in consequence of reduced taxation) in par-
ticular articles subject to the Excise ; but the Ex-
cise on the Salt, by its increase, distinctly marks
an improvement in the comforts of the lower
classes of people, whether the article be used for
agricultural purposes, or for the curing of pro-
visions. We have reason to believe that
balancing those articles on which there is an in-
crease against those on which there is a diminu-

ion, the general improvement of the Quarter's
Revenue will be found rather to exceed than fall
short of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds ! By
the transfer of the Pension List from the Consoli-
dated Fund, a large surplus arises from the latter.
The charge on that fund in last year's October
quarter was about 10,800,0001.: this year it does
not exceed 7,800,0001. The surplus of the quar-
ter of 1822 was about 925,0001.: this year it will
be nearly three millions. The Exchequer Bills
charged upon the growing prdduce of the Conso-
lidated Fund have beer► rapidly diminshing for
some time past. At the end of the July quarter
of 1822 they amounted to 8,363,351/.; at the end
of the October quarter following, 6,836,1561; in
Jan. 1823 t they had been reduced to 5,941,0141.;
in April to 3,794,5851.; and in July to 3,557,9061.
a sum which the present surplus will very nearly
cover. And now let us consider how different
a picture we should have had to contemplate, if
his Majesty's Ministers had not wisely resolved
to maintain .t 4 strict neutrality ! Let us call to mind
the just and forcible remarks of Lord Liverpool
in his unanswerable speech on the Negociations.
After the unexampled contest," said his
Lordship, " which we waged to 22 years, and
front which we are but just now recovering--a
contest as unexampled in magnitude and ex-
tent as in duration—after all the hard-
ships and sufferings, which in consequence
of our unpuralled exertions the country
has undergone—it cannot be consistent with true
wisdom or sound. policy to replunge the country
into all the evils and inconveniences of a new
war, without a clear and obvious necesity—rnore
particularly at the time when we find our com-
merce and manufactures not only recovering from
the depression which they more sensibly expe-
rienced on the .conclusion of peace, than while
hostilities were raging, but advancing to a de-
gree of prosperity which they never before en-
joyed : and when we find our agriculture, the
last interest to recover, because the last to suffer,
beginning to revive from the difficulties and
distress under which it has been labour-
ing."—The country went fully along with
the Noble Earl : it felt all the magnitude of
the sacrifice which some inconsiderate persons
called on it to make in a cause in which tl►e
honour and essential interests of Britain were
not concerned--it refused to make such a sacri-
fice, and we see the result in the gratifying state-
ments of the present financial account.
