CONSTANTINOPLE.

MAY 10.—By the latest intelligence from Odessa we learn
that the vessels of war, which on the 21st of April sailed from
thence with troops, returned to that port on the 28th ; there-
fore, the report that had got abroad, as to their having gone to
the coast of Circassia, could not be true, as they had barely
time. to extend their voyage as far as Sebastopol and get back.
It is supposed they would receive more troops at Odessa, and
again set sail in a few days. That an expedition for Circassia
is in progress is highly probable, but the embarkation, if they
are sent by sea, can take place at Sebastopol much more
snugly than at Odessa, which is in constant communication
with all parts of Europe, whereas there is not a soul at Sebas-
topol who can tell the public what is going forward. Besides,
ships of great draught of water are unsuitable for that rocky
and shallow coast, and troops going in that direction are ge-
nerally marched to Kersch, where they are ferried over the
strait without danger, delay, or difficulty. It would appear
that the departure of Mr. Ycames, our consol, from Odessa, is
to bc attributed to no other cause than a desire to travel to
recruit his health.

All we hear about the Sultan is, that he should by this time
be at Siiwnla, where he must feel himself more comfortable
than at Varna, as during the last war Shumla was never taken.
His voyage altogether cannot but light up in his mind recol-
lections which, on the whole, must be of a nature to irritate
him against an aggressive enemy, whose traces arc still visible
in every direction. How far the fear of a repetition of similar
humiliation may interfere, to act as a damper upon the natural
desire to avenge the insults he then received, I shall not pre-
tend to say ; but if his Highness hated the Russians already,
it is not likely he will become more attached to them by view.
ing the remnants of their ravages. Great preparations arc
making at Adrianople, to receive the Sultan with honour. The
streets are kept smooth and clear, old buildings have been
painted, and new ones run up. The Paella is collecting his
militia, and the place will altogether have au air very different
from its usual dirt and dullness. It would be well if there
were at the bottom something like real prosperity. With all
its forced smiles Adrianople is, like many other cities in this
empire, sinking into premature decay. Its once extensive
trade has now dwindled to nothing, and with a river navigable
from the sea passing through it, no attempt is made to
restore it.
Lord Ponsonby this morning sent off a messenger with dis-
patches for Downing-street. Dispatches from Persia went on
by the same opportunity, but the, were received previous to
the date of our last, and we have no fresh intelligence from
that country.
Yesterday a very beautiful 96 gun ship, was towed into
the dock-yard from Izwidt, where she was lannched a few
months back. By degrees the Turks arc getting up a tre-
nftdons fleet. We shall have in the Bosphorus in a few
days six ships of the line and as many heavy friga4s, besides

numerous smaller vessels; and after the Sultan gets back,
somt of tlf,tn; it is said; Will go Into the Mediterraneni to
,:.:ereise. They ought lathef to be sent into the Sed4
for if they are ever called upon to fight, it is more likely to bc!
there than an:: where else. The Nusretiye, which had the
I,_Apri.ot?r of ConSel !of! the Sultan to Varna, returned to th.
BosPneruil, thfeC days .
The Plao-tie cdpiinnes -here without augmenting or dimi.
;slabing.. 'lt has got on board, an English schooner, the Nor •
,f`HA 1-/H'o, but culy 4t,6 atacied i pre?;aitions were
immediately taken, and it is hoped all the rest of the ceew sled
now safe. Nineteen cases were tilin to the Greek hospital
last weelt, and very.
ft-,"'appeared to lit treatotl stieeessfuity,
It ,is Mueli, feared that erg iirtafiCe.ct of tlti country
lltll kit; in a sift l mate:, One of the grand resources-of the
TreaSiify pi'odeeds tenni the tidies di rill these ate
sold td TtirkS, Who take each a district, engaging* to pay fait,
14 4 eritaiii stfiTi,..calctilated thiiin What the same engaging*
ren-
net-Ca the preVioUS yeai: aiiu a intilte#,iiris,, or farmers of
revenue, arc not in general wealthy, it is reitilred that
hould be guaranteed by a banker (serraf), who is obliged to
hC Oneida', wkaieVoi tittly be, the Irregularity of his client,
Now, in Consequente Of the great deprediatiOn in the of
tifedike Hf efork titOriptidtit and that afte,i eiit7rhddLfs pfide
last year, the multetims have one and all keen bitted.—tile
tithes, Which are always received in kind, will not produce
much thdre than half the slim tialetilated upon; and, more-
over, with the present stagnation in trade, thdtt,4 t4:111 he great
difficulty in turning the articles into cash at all. The serrafs,
called iipod td adVanee Ittaii sums for every one of their cus-
tomers, will be unable to make good their qortgentents, and
the Treasury must then be left empty. If the dottittiettial
crisis, long expected here, do not take place previously, it
will then show itself, Prudent merchants arc already taking
in sail, and preparing for this squall ; but they are not the
only persons exposed ; the whose country will stlfret most
severely. It is under such untoward auspices that our
now tariff is to be brought forward. No meeting has yet taken
place with the Turkish authorities, but the other day the
English Commissioners waited upon those of France, and I
understand each party exhibited to the other their instructions,
which being compared, they were found to be nearly the same
in spirit. The French have met the Turkish Commissioners
repeatedly, without having hitherto made any real progress.
They arc endeavouring to persuade the latter to permit of the
I purchas6 of produce (no articles to be reserved by the Go-
I vernment to monopolize, and no restrictions on grain) by
11, Franks throughout the country, on the payment of precisely
' the same duties as are levied on Rayahs, and whenever it is
found advisable to augment these duties, four or six months'
previous notice to be given. If the Turks once concede these
points, all the rest will be plain sailing. It is for the interest
of the empire at large that they should do so, but by no means
for the interest of the individuals who distribute the loaves and
ashes, and here lies the grand difficulty. However, this is
now so well understood that it requires no further elucidation.
On the 6th inst. there was a grand Council held at the
Porte, and among other things determined on, I hear that 120
Government brokers, paying largely for their privilege, are to
be appointed ; all sales and purchases at Constantinople to be
made through them, and they being allowed one per cent.
thereon. This will throw out of bread a large class. We
had more brokers here than merchants by far.

PORTUGAL.

THE SHAKSPEARE.

LtsnclN, May 24th.—The British brig Shakspeare has
been discharged by the custom-house authorities of as much
of her cargo as they thought proper, without endangering the
safety of the vessel ; and her master, William Rosie, has been
informed that he is now at liberty to have his vessel repaired,
which he has refused to comply with, and has applied to them
to put her cargo on board in the same state as they found it,
free of expense, as also to grant the necessary clearances, that
he may proceed to some hospitable port to repair his vessel,
which they also refuse to grant him, as by the following peti-
tion, answer thereto, and the report of the Guarda Mor,Manoel
des Mantas, will more fully explain :—" The petition of Wil-
liam Rosie, of the English brig Shakspeare, showeth that the
custom-house Guarda Mor having arbitrarily, and• against the
wish of the petitioner, unloaded the said brig which had
sought this port, and the petitioner, being resolved to prose-
cuse his voyage without repairing her, prays that you will be
pleased to give orders to hare said cargo restored to him on
board free of every expense, and that his clearances may be
given for sailing out of this port."

REPLY OF THE CUSTOM-ROUSE ADMINISTRATOR.
" Lot the Guarda Mor give his report."
(Signed) "L. CARNEIRO."

REPORT OF THE GUARDA MOR.

" This most extravagant of all the petitions of the Captain
seems to be made for the sole purpose of turning into ridicule
all that has been done by the Custom-house, in favour of the
vessel in question.
" The petitioner considered his vessel in such great peril
that he asked fi anquiza (the freedom of the port), for the
purpose of immediately repairing, and by the survey which en-
sued the necessity was pointed out for her unloading, thereby
to save her from the imminent peril which threatened her ;
but, as in this instance, the petitioner found the most extra.
ordinary activity on the part of the Custom-house, he-put
into practice everything that was incoherent, so far as finally
to demand the restoration of his cargo, for the purpose of
quitting this- port, thereby deeming as superfluous all the
kindness which has been bestowed upon him by this Custom-
house, I therefore consider that the Captain shows the great-
est bad faith, pushed on, perhaps, by persons who wish to
breed a quarrel ; it may, therefore, be proper to have the
vessel again surveyed, in order to ascertain if the vessel is ca-
pable of continuing her voyage in the state she is in ; and if so,
I think the cargo should be put on board at some place not in
the immediate vicinity of the Custom-house anchorage ground.
I see no reason why the petitioner's request that the cargo
should be re-shipped free of expense to him, for, until the
whole of his bad faith came to light, he was seeking to unload
the cargo with lighters and labourers sent by his consignee,
thereby to relieve the vessel, which he even acknowledged on
board in presence of the Custom-house guards, the scriveners
and myself, when by your order we went to make the proces
verbal of the unlading, having also myself on the same occa-
sion declared to the petitioner and his consignee that they
might make use of their own lighters and men, provided they
used no delay in unloading, the thing being considered so very
urgent ; to which they would not consent. I have nothing
further to report, and you will decide what you may conceive
most fit.

(Signed) " M. MANTAS, Guarda Mor.
" Lisbon, May 22, 1837."
DECISION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR.

" Considering the documents which we are in possession of
regarding such irregular proceedings of the captain and con-
signee, whereby it is proved to be false all that the petitioner
alleges, his request, therefore, has no foundation, still less
can it be granted.
( Signed) " L. CARNEIRO."
The Nacional of yesterday, in its customary violence and
prevaricating style whenever it has to treat of English affairs,
vomits forth an article on the subject of the brig Sharapeare,
and after a sufficient abuse of the " haughty son of Albion,"
the " brave Argonaut," as they call him (alluding to Captain
Shiffner, of his Majesty's ship Hastings, who tore the seals,
and put the Captain in possession of his vessel), who carried
the vessel by boarding, they go on by urging the Ministry to
demand instant satisfaction against this insolent, arrogant, and
and violent contempt of all good feeling towards unfortunate
Portugal.
Forgetting the violence and illegality of their own acts, and
the insult offered to the British flag, the Nacional goes on
by calling all the Portuguese to witness if this is the first
attempt only committed by their faithful allies in this country,
whether this conduct is not to have an end. Had they not
better see their city razed to the ground rather than suffer
a continuation of these insulting acts of the haughty Island-
ers, and concludes by asking if there is any nation that
has suffered more than this from its alliance with Great
Britain. In the paper of to-day, upon the same subject, their
virulence is still further increased, and it really seems as if the
Nacional were anxious to bring things to an open rupture. It
is conjectured by many that a high foreign functionary
pulls the string of this political punchinello in every thing
that relates to England, both politically and commercially.
We shall have less to lose," say they, " from an open war,
than a concealed one. Let the English at once come and
take possession of Portugal—let them be frank—let them pro-
claim our slavery. Then once for all every notion of right
and reason shall be extinguished in Great Britain ; then shall
come to be verified in our respect the saying attributed to Pitt ;
The day when England shall practise justice shall be the
eve of her downfal.' We shall then really know what to do.
Then if, as we hope it will, the enthusiasm of September and
November shall still exist—if the Portuguese people be worthy
imitators of the glorious scenes of Ourique, in 1139 and 1836,
one only cry will resound through Lusitania, Perish every
thing except our honour I" However, I have reason to know
that the members of the present Government are exceedingly
annoyed at this untoward occurrence, and have publicly an-
nounced in the Diario do Governo, the official gazette, that a
statement having been made in one of the journals (Nacional)
respecting the occurrences relative to the Shakspeare, which
arc at variance with the protest and other representations of
her Captain, a legal inquiry has been instituted, in order to as-
certain the real merits of the case, the result of which, as soon
as finished, shall be laid before the public. This circumstance,
of itself, is sufficient to show what little credit can be attached
to such vituperative writings.

BRUSSELS AND GERMAN PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, MAY 29.—A dreadful storm yesterday visited
Enghien and the environs. Hailstones, of an enormous size,
cut all the crops to pieces. The hothouses of the Duke of
Arenberg were very much damaged. Terveurer also suf.
fered considerably.
MAY 30.—The Independent announces that the sum total of
notes for francs put into circulation by the General Society,
amounts to no more than 5,000,000 francs ; and that it has
annulled, on the other hand, three millions of florins in old
Dutch notes, which would make one million one hundred thou-
sand francs in Bank notes withdrawn :from circulation, as its
books prove.
We are surprised that, with so small an amount in notes,
the Society can meet the demands of the merchants, and the
payments that its various enterprises require. If these state-
ments are correct, the Independent has done an ill service
to the general society in publishing them ; we expected some-
thing very different from the reputation of prosperity and so-
lidity which it enjoys in Europe, five millions of francs in notes,
when the smallest branch of the Provincial Banks of England
pay four times as much. Foreigners will have a poor opinion
of our financial establishments when they learn this news—we
are really grieved at it, and arc willing to believe that the In-
dependent has omitted a cypher.
RoME, MAY IS.—His Holiness will hold to-morrow the

Cousistory of which I have already sp,,ken, and besides the
promotion of Cardinals, there will be a nomination of several
lishoi)l, some of them from Germany.
The vicatlfer still bud wind, rain, hail, and thunder-
storms suceecd edeli othef, and are destructive to the fields
and vineyards. The prices of an kinds of grain and pulse
h, +e risen accordingly. Oil alone, an article of chief ncees-
SUN to cheap in comparison with the prices last
year, and in abundance. 'flits tteftther is even more injurious
to' the health of the inhabitants ; for not that the grippe has
10. tls, Other diseases prevail.
I.Ic.iLDA, May J.—Emigration to America from this country
increases every yed.
BELGIAN lUNDS---RattgstM, Mit
Actual Debt, 1/,', per Cent.
ilotlisebild's Loan, 5 per Cent. 100,4
Loan of Thirty .......................• 9ll/4
Loan of City, !St.!. 4 per Cent 98%
Society of commerce, 4'. per Cent l3l
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 139
Is ossets I'apers, May 31.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VICNNA, MRY 22.
rive per Cents. Metallignos
four Cook
11111 is t)er Cents.
Mink Shares
—4llgemeine Zeitung,
