Hamburg Papers of the 29th ult. have been re-
ceived. Their contents relate principally to the forth-
coming reviews at Koningsberg and Wilna. The
Emperor of RUSSIA is expected to visit Southern
Russia in a short time. Probably this journey has
reference to his designs on Turkey ; but his Imperial
MAJESTY had better recollect that the Ultras are not
yet in power in England.

By the latest intelligence from Spain, we have
learned that the QUEEN, as Regent of the Kingdom,
opened the Cortes iu person on the 24th ultimo, at
the same hour, and with all the pomp and regalia set

forth in a proclamation sometime issued, of which we

have heretofore given an abstract. The account does
not state more than that the QUEEN appeared to be
very popular ; that the Proceres, or Peers, were
assembled at Madrid ; and that so many of the Pro-
curadores, or Deputies, had reached the capital, as
to dispel all fear of an insufficiency of number,

(ninety-six) to compose a legitimate Chamber. It
was thought no business of any moment could be
brought before the Chambers for some days, as it
would take a great deal of time to go through the
preliminary forms observed in Spain on such great and
unusually solemn occasions. It is not expected
that the temporary officers, chosen at the preliminary
meetings of the Members, of which we gave
an account yesterday, will be removed. On the con-

trary, they are considered fully competent for con-
tinuing the discharge of the duties imposed on them,
and doubtless one of the first acts of the Chambers
will be to confirm and ratify their election and ap-
pointment. We have not heard any further particu-
lars respecting how the QUEEN intends managing
about the National Debt. The general impression
seems to be that the public creditor is to be the sufferer.
The King of HOLLAND is astonishing his Conti-

nental neighbours by his almost miraculous conversion
to a love of peace. His MAJESTY, it seems, sees
the folly of ever again hoping to witness the re-union
of Holland with Belgium ; and so he has at last all
but disbanded the army, by granting an unlimited fur-
lough to the officers. We knew twelve months ago
that his stubborn obstinacy would at last come to this.
His hostility and the purses of his people could not
long keep pace together.
We have heard, by private accounts from Belgium,

that King LEOPOLD has differed with his Ministers
and the majority of the Members of the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies, on questions of trade; and that
he threatens to withhold his consent from certain Bills
regarding the exportation of linen, and some altera-
tions in the Corn Laws.

Generations yet unborn, and nations now unnum

bered among the kingdoms of the earth, will hail the
anniversary of this day, as the proudest, the brightest,
and the most hallowed in the annals of England.
The children of many sorrows—the heirs to stripes,
chains, and hopeless bondage—are this day elevated
to the level of a common humanity ; their fetters have
been struck off by the fiat of England, who now-
takes her stand at the head of the empires of the
earth, the queen of a free people ! Yes, this blessed
day wipes for ever from this country the stain of per-
petuating slavery. This day, the legislative enactment
for emancipating the slaves in every part of the Bri-
tish dominions, comes into operation ; and thousands
whose wearied limbs were yesterday earth-bound by
the galling, brutalizing yoke of embittered, never-

ending bondage, will this day raise their hands and
voices to heaven, invoking blessings on the land that
wrought their redemption, and intermingling with
their prayers the joyful shout of a renewed existence,
" We are free ! we are free I"

We congratulate the people of the United Kingdom
on this great and glorious triumph of a mighty and an
eternally just principle. Greece in all her glory—
Rome in all her greatness—never equalled this splen-
did achievement of the British people. They enslaved
mankind: we emancipate them ! Rome in her proudest
days—when her right hand grasped the sceptre of the
known world, and when her meanest citizens were
more advanced in learning and civilization than the
priests and princes of other climes—kept the labour-
ing population of Italy in a state of the most brutal
bondage. In Greece, the Helots were born in the
bosom of the several states, living as they were born,
and dying as they lived, vendible as the soil on which

they might more properly be said to vegetate. Even
America, with all her boasted independence and love
of liberty, is behind us in this best proof of the real
freedom of any people--the desire of extending the
blessing to others at any sacrifice, however great, to
ourselves. However, we would speak kindly of the
Americans. They have certainly stronger temptations
than we have had to continue a system which may be
said to comprise a great part of their wealth ; but we
understand that they are doing all in their power to
alleviate the sufferings inseparable from slavery ; and
we have every confidence that they will not lose the
earliest opportunity of following the bright example
set them by the Mother Country.

We understand that the people in several parts of

the kingdom have prepared to celebrate this day as a
public festival, and the intelligence has given us great
satisfaction. But whether the celebration of it begin

this year or the next, certain are we that the descen-
dants of the British people will regard it as the proudest
memento of England's munificence. She has made
an immense sacrifice on the altar of liberty ; but it is
already forgotten in the proud consciousness of the
sacred cause for which it was offered

I\IPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 1.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKER took the chair at twenty minutes past twelve.
The LORD ADVOCATE presented a petition from the Royal
Burgh of Forfar, in favour of the Bankruptcy Court Bill.
Arr. LANGDALE presented a petition from the licensed vic-
tuallers and publicans of the town of Beverley, against the proposed
increase of the duty on licences.
CASE OF LIEUTENANT-COLONEL HOME.
Sir FRANCIS VINCENT presented a petition from Lieut.-
Colonel Home, late of the 3rd Guards, complaining of the circum-
stances under which he was deprived of his commission, and praying
redress. The Hon. and Gallant Member, after eulogizing the mili-
tary career of the petitioner, entered into a detail of some commercial
speculations in which Col. Home had been concerned, and which had
led to his dismissal by a Court of Inquiry. If the statements of the
petitioner were true, his case was one of peculiar hardship, and all
he ( Sir F. Vincent) asked for the petitioner was, a copy of the mi-
nutes of the Court of Inquiry.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSON stated that the application for the
minutes of the Court of Inquiry should have been at the Secretary-
at-War's office, and not at his (Mr. F.'s) department; but he
(Mr. Ferguson) understood that that applicationpar:ocualtddhtahvebheeearnresisted, on the ground thatthe
of ten years matter had
no
on
afpupllliyenitniqounireodr
into, and that during a period
remonstrance had been made.—(Hear.) He
of
de
prin-
ciple of that House being made a
of
Courts o;
Review, et? ree-hear
and re-adjudicate upon the proceedings
and Courtsmartial. The petition charged such individuals as Lord
V. Bentiek, Major:General Jones, Sir Harry Calvert, and other

cumstance to push her own insidious views. But the
charm is at length broken ; and Russia will find to
her cost that it will not be any longer safe to push her
conquests in that quarter, reckoning on the forbearance
of France and England.
