~ere
004

jCi
Lior4
Met
‘ol'

,;il~

;Ct°
IlC3'

iild
rU#
ii,gi

.7r*
11(1.

std
be
I)°

a fi.
jti
i9l
1/0`

a~''
~.
~'

,1113
act
on..
.pill

•••••_,
ee•a, '
A •
;04'
era "

NEVV SPRING LOTTERY.
POVR PRIZES of X 20,000 !—Only 10,000
"r 1; TICKETS!
e PIRST-DRAWN PRIZE on the 1 Ith May, 420,000
MONEY;
SECOND-DRAWN PRIZE on the I Ith May, £20,000
1111 Q... CONSOLS ;
.1 -DRAWN 1000 BLANKS, I Ith May, ,ClO each,
making £lO,OOO MONEY.
THE SCHEME CONTAINS
0f420,000 Money and 2of £20,000 Consols, making
4 ............ Prizes 0f.... ,020,000
2 ............ Prizes of 2,000
2 . ........... Prizes of l,OOO
4 ........ ... Prizes of 5OO

&c. &c. &c.
OIiCKETS and SHARES are on Sale at all the Lottery
es.

SALE OF THE LONDON MUSEUM.
AIR— BULLOCK respectfully announces to
vo the Public, that the SALE by AUCTION of the
1/411" of ART in'the ROMAN GALLERY, at the EGYP-
114t " HAL , in PICCADILLY, will commence on the 29th
4tiand thuse of the MUSEUM of NATURAL HISTORY
the fulllvin Tuesday.

Is, To be viewed Three Days previous.
sitb 'e Catalogue, without which no person can he admitted
t° the Sale or View, will be published in Parts, each
.r.,4l4ing Six Days' Sale, at Is. 6d. each.
jue Pirstand Second Part may now be had at the Museum,
):4 Will be closed in a few days, previous to its arrange-
\tfor Sale.

SSp.
,iNCE of SHRIMPS, a new and superior
FISH, equal in strength to Essence of
:‘litan,'s? but far excelling it -in flavour,. and has the ad-
k e'tr "t not turning rancid. The immense demand for it
Rh"rh.nviiicing proof ot the estimation it is held in by those
triud . The Proprietors flatter themselves, that
ill utt, 4r:!t• is once used, it will obtain a pre-eminence seer
•
ade fur Fish. , •
C. Din more and Son ; and sold by T. Powell and Non,
44'
r • ,M-)°",-1101, Corner of HattOn-garden. The Public
L'Pectfnlly requested to observe, that each -bottle has
nt4ii:rlatote of C. Dinmore and Son ; none other is ge-
1,
<.t) hissale Caution is necessary, as there is a spurious arti= 71(_o

MEDICINE.
Itlt aT 'MEDICINE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, AND
. AST H M AS-
'CH'S COUGH DROPS. for Recent
1)-7:11 11-,rL,14, obstinate Coughs, and confirmed Astfimas,
411 ed. Its reputation for fifteen years past, and
tstill as testimonies of its efficacy, is a sufficient proof of
puts, ti,li°ll in which it is held .for all Asthmatic Afire-
t4;,.4l,,,L,'ot Colds and Coughs, however obstinate, and all
th "t lath Complaints. The following Letter was addressed
alt Firm, SHAW and EDWARDS, by a very re-
-I.tadcsuan in Birminam
•
tk%itti " Birmingham, March IR, 1805.
41,eukt el/4!nlen,—ln justice to you, and to ce,rtify the value
folit,wlleat Medicine Church's Cough Drops, I send yon
Ih'g ease, at the particular request of the patient.
4' MILES SWINNZY."
4,11:tt4 f cannot sufficiently acknowledge the curs I have
Church's Cough Drops. A most suffocating
d the Writer, aftlicted me so severe-
t, , during ,
teliANcted nothing less than death every Mir:ate; one
"V rue considerably, and four more perfectly re-
foOr sending this to the Propricturs will oblige
te Serant,
t°tl4 • " THOMAS EDMUNDS."
tlttl4-11-y4 ' 'DWARDS, 66, on the Foot-way, St. Paul's
itw*lards "(1, London. The genuine will have " Shaw and
GG> St. Paul's Church-yard," engraved on the
`W 1'64 9
hire '• 9d. and Double Size 4s. ed. per Bottle.
Ith 'lSco„to may be procured, SPILSBURY's PATENT
it '',l4ati;tlA3TlC DROPS, a Remedy in Scurvy, Gout,
Eruptive and Scrophulous Diseases: prepared
zi,PoensarY, 15, Soho-square, London, price es.—
' 11. 25., Duty included.

lb T, 41, ------ .
Nt. 1-1,0:,1:;;;IL:(111, ksq. No. 9, New Bridge-stret, London.
litq Ll)
SIR' . that ever since the
,„ eave to inform you,
b`l,!itii,"fril,l_,.), I had been afflicted with
0 est,i,4 in its obstihately resisting every
theeou Lr
sue e
os
fl:me
en
de
ircei Venereal,
et.,trettling":eltlytrtle most eminent of fthefacultyohoedret,waiened
foyins:
4t nr,dt :rem the Hospital
courses . salivation,. ,
lief, would appear to
Hospital with little re , .
It'',,Y di:kw- !last inveterate nature. In.tl.esritnog
llnillexi,," had got to such a head, as nearlyof put last
a yearperiod
,: toi ,„'`Vlce---1 had a large ulcer-on the crowliof my head,"
%,.."'lhrt -'" arin and ow legs were broke out in ah
mo.a
t,Ve ; jny rioZt ~,„, dreadfully painful, and had et')
111-"r.4sl,47,44:_n;t:ho:liftt-7-,Nt,l:ise i'la.esirty;em'vuecliTed'ilsreol ;lontilyrelde,ftataddgaalre
jle4ov
txertlciating pain, particularly when warm in bed,
tr:attve,„,.,,,.l",,,tdeprive Me of rest ; is this lamentable state, I
n who received so
N,,i,. , 4 ent.,nded by Mr. 3. ".
"I"mpso ' -C • ' Pills,
to.;',,` Ill,' "Y them here), to take vont Leahe s Patent _ a
Ste'—lilt P, 4to do th i'll it o. Mar; in the coarse of
4,„1)11' the'n?tgan to receive benefit -in little more than a
itv - atter ;tl's on my head and arms were soundly healheodw--
t tr, ea,ts;pie sores on hiy lil.s.
healed
also;
lelvi, in the
c't:te of tiit",rabledisoolouration in the skin, an
ti„!tr pei.s,:ell, which, by the lilt ssing of G0d.... ,
anal
•
4; nqe, 07._,-e,retice in your invaluable painria a little
Medicine, subsided
hue, and
1,11:,:!en1.111:1-' rs.irig, the skin regaining
%rill tiliqa,
4.,l)aiiis gradually going
l ' free from all MY
off.—"l't'lins became, by
ttr er N,. ,(!!tee mid medicine, perfect )
... .
~. ,
quilts d 1,0
, Ilgtb tuVt.iiuts---liave recovered my ftn'"'''''
'lnift, iand am become
kit 'tit n me jolty
t: 1 41 .fte months, to the astonishment of all who kr!
hat to hots, i" a foss in what terms to express my gratitude, _
41°" Yslersa:s)::::::;::11,,o:ifli other suffering mortals, to make
• "; ii 4s public as possible, as I shall on every occa-•
greatly oblige, t. Year gratefulobedient, very humble servant,
Svjati'selit'se, Hi ALEX.'
Edinburgh.
011...
. a T 1,,,, wi...nesses to tbe above Cen•e-:
EX.' MUItKER
h
h 41)15 I,lr'" No• ;3, New Poultry Market, Edinlntrg ,
ii:‘)l4e.,rieeoidilabu.nedr
v ...iet, . t o• 3,
Assembly Close, Edinburgh.
sc;r:fld by, the sole Proprietor, THOMAS TAY;
the Rcyal College of Surgeons,. at his
cto'.'tanti.Ll:',, NeW Bridge-street, London; whet e, after
.2
4, iii, 4.r•ot,uelice of &ore than 40 years, ih a practice part'.
tte,(ls4t_is•etted to the cure of Venereal emplaints and those
%Isttc w`i.:..tso the PikrtS of Generation, with that inviolable
tr'.li eases"lt men of .his Frofession should always olrerve in
tlittlitoosiv „e, ti'.'ttets himself the advice and assistance. he
41,7!1ttn,0t-, 141int.sters to persons taking this Medicine, will
`ltizki,le t, by a discernin., Public as an advat.tage seldom
14 '.l
I'o %bid' ante; ‘..uid of alt all bigltitY.
I,;ilR at _ i. ) ins appointwentrfor the convenience of those
NI bir,i; ..thsia'lee, at the To 'Bl N Th 3., Oxford-street
tlta,„ ~...,-).ough,s. , 1
_lop, i 0. .
tlt, ' .;irldge, ir::.,,? ~N,,. 7, k:sh-street-hill ; Mr. Baxters,
.141 Person in
..'ttl.uugli ;Callwell's, Duzhn.; and on
‘„,,,,1, i,4 b.„..7,,t-i) considerable to Am in Great Brit,iin and
it " ttitj "."-,',QfOnlY ZS 9' eith stariped and sealed up
41%4- Plam di . ,„," "• . 2 •' ,
ice} Cote tl,etruiti te,..i.ions, whereby persons, of either
CC" Vfith ear!,, tpecd,scutvy, and safety.

MtiDICINE.

COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMAS, &c. &c.

ARNOLD'S PECTORAL BALSAM OF COLTSFOOT.
UCH is the i4tue,—such the. safety, and
efficacy of that most excellent Medicine, ARNOLD'S
PECTORAL BALSAM OF COLTSFOOT; that upwards of
180,000 persons afflicted With the Most violent Coughs. Colds.
Astlnuas, the Poopinz Cough, Shortness of Breath, and
Consumptions, have liten cured. In old Coughs, recent. and
long standing Asthmas, skghi and. recent Coughs and Colds,
Vheesings, Hoarseness,- the Hopping Cough, Shortness of
Breath, and' Consuniptions, this Nledicitie is decidedly the
most safe anti effectual, and the greatest discovery ever made
in the annals of medicine. It is held. in the highest estima-
tion for ittl exei :lent and salubrious virtues. Volumes would
not he sufficient to coat•iin the mass of individuals who have
taken it, and experienced its -afe, salutary, an .1 inestimable
virtues. Nothing can he better adapted- .to prevent the ill
effects of damp air, and toggy weather; nor can any thing be
more excellent to iake when wet, damp, or wet in the feet,
cold, or'shivt..ing in the body, after a shower of rain, M. fall
of snow, &c. Above 2000 years has the herb (C'ottsfoot)
fi tnu whic:;, it is prepared, been held in. the highest estima-
tion. It conifirts and relieves the afflicted speedily, it Uses
individuals to breathe loom freely, and strengthens their con-
stitutions against the deplorable and calamitous effects of
Consumptive DiSorders. •
N. B. Perseus will please to ask for Arnold's Pectoral
Balsaar of COltsfoot, and observe in the Pamphlet which is
'euelosed, the Certificate made and attested by the Proprietor
before the Right Hon. Matthew %rood, M. P. Lord Mayor of
Lon:ton, at the MansiOn House, Site 25th day of March, 1816;
• Arialcut • v Iticit it cannot be genuine. ,
Sold by Praut,-129, St, and; Sangeri 150, Oxford-
street; Emerson, 80, I'iTer Ea,.: Smithfield ; Mounsey, 69,
Great Surrey-street, Blia..kfriars•road ; Bolton, Royal Et:-
change; Reale, 13,..414,-ate ; Wind us, 61, Bish opsgate-street ;
Bishop, 15, Mile-end Road; Ward, ;i24, Holborn; Wrigist
and Co. 269, High-street, Borough ; Byerly, 105, Holb,im
lliil;"Labrow, 128, St. John's-street; Chandler, 76, Ox-
ford-street ; Haigh, A, Blackmoor-street, Clare-miartier : and
by the Proprietor, No. 59, Barbican, London; and Retail,
by most respectable Medicine Venders throughout -Europe.
Price Is. &d., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., cad 10s. tid. each .13little, duty

liberty, or to my acquired property, if any ; or,
of continuing me his Debtor, till I may have.—
It he takes the choke of seizing my natural pro-
perty, surely he is not to have it without some
compensation. Though be gets nothing by it,
but the gratification Of his malignant passions,
this-gratification deprived me of my right, and
others of the benefit of my exertions.
In most,other discs, scarcely any damages are
thought ►oo large for unjust imprisonment, how-
ever short, Here the imprisonment is/ seen to be

unjust, and can it be just that there should be no
damages or allowance for it, however long The
person who imprisons unjustly in the other cases,
gets, by his doing so, nothing but the gratifica-
tion of some passe, any more than.my Creditor
does.

If I throw the thousand pounds, which I
borrow of you, into the unfathomable Ocean,
are you to claim nothing for Your property, be-
cause I only derive a whimsical mental gratifica-
tion from it ? Is it because I am deprived of my
most valuable property that I am to have no re-
comper,ce for it ? Surely, its being so taken from
me should entitle me to a compensation f(ie it.—
My plaintiff had his choice of my property or my
person. He made his election—he -took " the
pound of flesh," is he then to have the forfeit of
the bond, and the bond also ?
With the Romans the Insolvent Debtor was
delivered over to the Creditor, who kept him in
chains till, by his labonr, he %yolked out or earned.
the full value of the debt : this was unjust, be.:
cause it`took liberty and an equal value of labour
too for the debt ; but it was less unjust and less
cruel, as well as less, impolitic, than the practice'
towards the Insolvent Debtor with us ; hecauSe
the Roman Insolvent, while he was earning for
the CreditOr, and adding to the stock of the Corti•
inuoity, was Working towards his own liberty ;

and, therefore, was not deprived of his labotir, as
well as his liberty, without Borne value : but our

nsolvent, when imprisoned, while he is quite
iseless to his Creditor, and taking from, instead

of adding to, the stock of the Community, is shut
up in misery, and deprived of both labour and
liberty, without any value or allowance for either ;

and although our Law prohibits the slavery allow-
ed by the Roman Code, imprisonment, which is
the worst of slavery, is enforced by the Creditor.
While the innocent Prisoner for Debt is allowed
nothing for his liberty, the Criminal, the Swindler,
or Impostor, the Smuggler, and Dealer in Contraband
Goods, are allowed something for support in con-
finement.. The Swindler, when his terns of impri-
sonment or transportation is expired, has restored
to liberty, and not obliged to give up the property.
fraudulently obtained by him. The Law -Consi-
ders here, that in being deprived of his liberty,
the Swindler is pubished sufficiently for his crime,
and is deprived-of an equivalent to the .property
defrauded ; and, acknowledging that there is
justice due even to the Criminal, does not deprive
him of a second equiValent. The person swindled
• does. not get his property by the Swindler's im-
prisonment, any more than the Creditor cloys by
the Debtor's ; yet the Debtor is obliged to part
with a second equivalent. Here, indeed, is crime
put oxer the head of innocence, or innocence more
severely treated than crime. The Debtor, and
the Swindler to the same amount may he 'ja.:
prisoned ; the former for tem years, and .the latter
only for two ; yet the former,.after his imprison-
ment, is obliged to restore the. entire value of the
property, for which be has suffered the imprison-
ment, while the Swindler, after his imprisonment,
is not obliged to restore any of the value of the
-property.
- - - - • •

Pent it may be said, that " the Debtor may
" tain his liberty at any time by paying his. debt,
" while the Swindler cannot obtain his till his
" term of imprisonment is expired,"; 1 allow that
the Swindler's is 'a fixed term of imprisonment ;
but what is the uncertainty of the Debtor's, hitt
an aggravation. of the•inflietion ! The. Swindler'
sees, in certainty's prospective, the enrof his im-
prisonment and punishment ; the Debtor, with-
out crime, is deprived of his liberty, and is shut
up from 'industry and lahour, as well*s from hap-
piness and healthful exercise. If a certain por-
tion of Ithe Swindler's liberty is a soTheient pay-
ment for. acquired property and crime, ought not
a certain portion of the honest Debtor's impri-
sonment to be so for. acquired property alone ?
Surely honesty should not be a cause for ag,grti-
vated privation: .• •
It may be said, that ." when I buy property,
I agree to pay an equivalent in the like proper;;;

" myself, while the practice remains, to suffer im‘-
"..prisonment, and 'afterwards to l!ive an equ-iv
a-
"lent in acquired propeity." But the practice
seems unjust in requiring-of me to subject myself
to a donble payment. If I engage to pay a double
.vahre, I engage •to conimit an injustice against
myself ; and justice cannot ruinire of me to 'com-
mit an injustice against any one. Our Courts of
Equity will relieve in an unequal bargain either
a fool or a lunatic, or one who is deceived or

orced into such a bargain ; and it is evident that

nobody else will engage to pay a double value for
a thing, if he does not wish to do what no law
pretends to oblige him to, viz. to make a present.
As to the kind of property in which I agree In-
pay my Creditor, it I pay him in any kinds I do
every thing that justice requires of me with
regard to my engagement. It is just that I should
pay my Creditor an equivalent in acquired proper-.
ty, if I have it 'over what is absolutely. necessary
for my existence, and if he deprives me of no
other property. But if he deprives me of another.
properly, my liberty, it is not just. that I should
be deprived of an equivalent in acquired prOperty
also ; nor can even my own agreement to It make
justice require it. The very circumstance- of its
being unjust annuls any agreement or compact,
it is nothing but justice that makes the fulfilment
of an agreement a duty ; and justice cannot re..
quire.the fulfilment of an unjust agreement. • The
law, or the :practice, that requires two values
for one, is in direct contradiction to justice. The

practice that orders imprisonment, or the priva-
tion of a natural :property, liberty, for a debt of
acquired property, and also privation of an qui.
valent in acquire() property, orders the privation
of two values_ for one, and is c;-)nsequently in con.
tradiction to justice. Justice- will not permit a .
second priration for a-debt, for which there has
been. more; ban- an, equiv: !Alt privation alt early.
Rut it will be said, " if the Debtor, was not
compelled to ry in acquired property, as well. •
after as before his, impri~onn►en•, credit would bt
ruined ; and as without credit society would not

exist, 'in Civilization or prosperity, the la .vs must

supp9rt crrdit, tc. the injury inch-
victuals." That the: a.btor• should be compelled

to pay in acquited-prnpthty, Over whet is abso-
lutely necessary for .his existence, I allow is not •
unjust ; but, if he be deprived of another pro-
peril', surely it is not just abet his Creditor should
deprive him of two properties-, while he deprives
his Creditor but of one. Here, as he gives two
values for one, there is no equivalent, and there-
fore no justice. , Even though I- am not imprison.
ed for my debt,. if 1 have no more acquired pro.
perty than is absolutely necessary for myself, jus-
tice doeanut require that .1 should give my Cre-
ditor what I have ; for what he gave me, sup-
pose it a thousand pounds, was not of equal value
to him, as the -shilling, which is now my all,
and absolutely necessary to support my existence,
•is to me. For instance, ip the burning immen- •
sky of the Arabian desert, when, spent with thirst
and weariness, exhausted nature dwells for re-
turning life on the last Half pint cruet of water,
justice does not require of• me to -give this cruet
of water to my companion, though my Creditor
for millions, and though I'am not able to pay
him a shilling, and even though he should offer •
to forgive me all for this cruet of water.- Nor
yet, even though I had engaged to supply him
with food, and drink during his journey, will jut-
•tice require of me to give him this half pint of
water ; because all he gave me,, though he parted
with millions, was .not of equal value to him as
my half pint of water is now to me, The mil-
lions were only of relative value to him ; my cruet
of water is of absolute value to me ; and no quan-
tity of what is but of . relative value can be equal:
to the least quantity of what is of absolute value.
Rut any thing more than is' necessary to exist-
ence is only of relative value; and therefore I
am bound to give my Creditor an equality, •if
have it, of .1 his for the. relative value:which he
gaVe me. Thus, if I owe a thousand pounds, I
am bound in justice, if not deprived of any other
property, to pay this thousand pounds, though
have over it but barely whet is necessary to exist-
ence, and though my Creditor has hundreds of
,thousands of pounds; because in fact thii thousand
is of only relative value equally to both of us. But
if I have but barely this thousand pounds, and
part Of it. is abiolittely necessary lo me to sustain
life, no law, even though strengthened by my ow it
private agreement, can bind rue in natural justi,e.
to give my Creditor the entire of it, as the last
pound is of more value to me than the entire is to
hirn,,and justice does not require more than eqna.
lity of value:, whictr I give in the nine hundred
and ninety-nine pounds. If, therefore, lam not
• boomd in justice to give my Credit'or my cruet of
water, Alie.-last of my thousand pounds, be-
cause of absolute 'valtie.to me, and the smallest •
quantity of abSolute valtie is more than the largest
quantity4)f relative .value, it follows that if my
Creditor has deprived use of any quantity, of my
liberty, for any goantil of property of relative
value/ justice .does not allow that be should de-
prive me of any other properLy„ as he has already
deprived me of more than I havedeprived biro of.
As to tile ruin which it may be said Credit would
stiffer from- my principles being carried into prac-
tice, if credit is to be supported oily by injus-
tice, it is better that ruin should come upon such
a credit than upon justice. •
CANDIDUS.—TernpIe.

uro be continued,]
