uervico.

After it had ended, the Princes and Princesses
of the Royal Family heard a mass in the chapel,
on acts of mercy. Afterwards they returned to
the King, and received on their knees his bless-
ing. His Majesty said, " Adieu, my children ;
may God be with you 1"

As wl►ut follows contains :something Web we
Lave not already given, we consider it our duty
not to suppress the repetitions which may

OMB :-

The King was confessed yesterday : he was
again confessed this morning, having sent to the,
Grand Almoner, saying, " that every thing was
prepared, anti he felt himself strong." At eight.
o'clock the Royal Family went to church with
Monsieur. They afterwards attended the Via-
ticum. The King received the sacrament. No-
thing could be more affecting than the ceremony.
His Majesty received the extreme unction. his
Majesty was calm, and made himself the re-
sponses which were necessary to the ceremony.
The Royal Family heard the mass for the sick.
His Royal highness Monsieur, and the Princes
and Princesses, as his Majesty had expresßed a
wish to see them, again returned to him. The
King spoke to them in a very touching manner,
and raising his hand from the bod, 'he said, " to
bidding you adieu, I wish to give you my bless-
ing. May God be with you." His Majesty was
perfectly calm.
All the approaches to the Tuileries are throng-
ed with persons, who Come to made inquiries of
the King. The most profound sadness appears in'
every countenance. It is known what solicitude
the people of France have always felt., espe-
cially the inhabitants of Paris, during the illness
of their Kings. Never has this sentiment been
more strongly marked than at the present mo-
ment. Dies per silentium vuslus !

Today will begin, at the Chapel of the Tuil.
Cries, the prayers of Quarunte henrys.
Prayers commenced to-day, at the chapel of
the Chateau, at four o'clock in the morning.
At one o'clock his Royal flightless the Duke
df Bourbon paid a visit to their Royal high.
11e35C8 Madame and the Princes.

The museum 16 closed till for ther orders are

givt.n.

The Emperor of Ruisia left St. Petersburgh
on thO 213th of August, to visit some of his Asiatic
States. lie will pass the Ural Mountains, which
separate those parts of the world. The follow-
ing is the itinerary of his Majesty;--
The Emperor will stop the first. day at Itomanstehino, the
name of tho.place where the Marquess de Traverse, Minister of
the Marine, resides. He will pass through the.gorernments of
psvo &polemic°, Twer,.Kaleyega, Moacow, and Tool*, with-
out stopping. On'the 2d September he will rest- at Ratan,
where lie will remain till the sth. On the oth he will be at
,TAmboif, which place he will not leave till the' Lith. on the.

10th, being the feast of St. Alexander Newsky, his Majesty
will halt at Pensa, and remain there till the 13th. On the 17th
he will be at Simbirsk, and will not go thence till the 9.01:11,
when he proceeds to Crenbourg. Between the 211th_ and 30th,
he will go to Cure, thence on the sth of October to Perm. On
the 7th he will halt at Ekaterinbourg, a city of great import-
ance, and taking his route by Viatka and Fologde, his ;11a•
jesty will arrive at Tzayskoalo on the sth of November.
Lieut.-General Baron de Diebitsh, and the Aides.de.camp
Generals Tchernichetf and Ojerowsky will accompany the Em-
peror on this excursion.
(From the Journal des Debuts of Monday.)
STOCKHOLM, AvG. 27.—The sum to be paid
for the family of the Ex-King Gustavus Adol-
phus, agreeable to the treaty with Russia, was
lately paid, in conformity with a resolution of the
Diet. A part of this sum has been allowed to
Russia in payment of arrears. The Diet of Nor-
way has rejected the motion of M. Konow, to
beg his Majesty not to forget the Norwegians in
his diplomatic appointments, because on this point
the nation ought to rely on the King, who has
given many proofs of his favourable disposition.
This confidence is justified by the circumstance,
that hitherto it is not known that any Norwe-
gians have tsked for appointments of this nature.
On the 24th a fire broke at a sugar bake-house,
by which three persons lost their lives, The King
repaired to the spot on liiirseback, and encouraged
the fire-men by his presence. lie has rewarded
several sailors and others who stopped the farther
progress of the fire.

Ritmo, SErr. 13.—A horrid crime has been committed at
Wahperschweil, a village about two leagues from Arberg, in
the Canton of Berne. A man about 60 years of age, long
known for his disgusting immorality, suddenly conceived the
project of going to America, and asked his wife, who he sup.
posed had some property, to supply him with money. He also
addressed a similar demand to his parish, which did not think
there was any reason to sanction his emigration.. On account
of this double refusal, ho conceived a project of horrible ven-
geance, and he executed it by fire and sword. After having
murdered his wife, he resolved to reduce the village to ashes,
and succeeded too well. His jsreparations were skilfully
made, and on the 30th of August, 25 houses were destroyed by
fire! The criminal has not yet been apprehended.

SPANISH ARMY IN PERU.

RESIGNATION OF GENERAL LA SERNA.

TO lIIS EXCELLENCY TIIE GENERAL IN CHIEF OF THE
ARMY OF Tlll NOILTII, DON JOSE CANTEIIAC.
Excellent Sir—Having reflected maturely since my circular
of the lith of the month current, on the Royal decree of his Ma-
jesty dated front the port of St. Mary on the Ist of October,
1112:1, I understand that, as the King has declared by artic'e
Ist of the above-mentioned decrees null and void all the ordi-
nances, regulations, &c., from the 7th of March, 1820, to the
Ist of October, 1821, I am justified in not continuing the
charge of this high office, that I accepted against my will, and
solely because the general good required it; DO other sails.
faction having resulted to me during the three years that I have
held it, but that of having contributed, with my companions
in arms, to the preservation of this integral part of the Mo.
narchy. In support of this opinion, which for me is an axiom,
I feel compelled to make the following observations :-
Ist. That I resign this command without waiting for an
order from his Majesty to pass over to the Peninsula, because
It may be the most peaceable means by which General Olaneta
and his followers can be recalled to order, and equally to show
any iniquitous man who may entertain doubts as to the testi-
tude of my intentions, not only my obedience to the Sovereign
will, but that not the smallest idea of ambition for command
has passed my mind in the remotest manner, of which there are
many proofs in my repeated and earnest entreaties to his Ma-
jesty, that he would relieve me from this painful service; and
of this his Royal Mind must be fully informed.
2(1. That those ordinances issued by his Majesty from the
7th of March, 'lll2O, to the Ist of October, 1823, being null, it
is evident that my command should cease, and the order for
regulating the succession of commanders cannot include me in
this Viceroyship. Though, Indubitably, lam now the oldest
General in these countries, yet it is manifest, that according to
the spirit of the above-mentioned Royal Decree of the Ist of
October, .1823, I ought not to remain in Peru, because tl'e or-
dinances for my remaining, as well as the approval of my no-
mination of Captain-General and Viceroy, were issued at the
period of the Constitutional form, which the King has thought
proper to annual. If this admits of no doubt, which I believe
it does not, neither should I hesitate to adhere to the Royal
Ordinances of 48111, when his Majesty thought proper to ac-
cede to my resignation of General in Chief of the army of
Upper Peru, and to translate me to the Peninsula, which is
now the only ruling ordinance, it being issued at the time that
the King was in all the plentitude of his authority ; and, ac-
cording to this, I cannot consider myself as having any rela-
ticn to these,countrieseor as having any right to enter into the
enjoymentof the orders for command that precede the Royal
Ordinance of•the 23d of October, 1808.
• 3. That independent of the reasons I have here exposed, my
own delicacy requires that I should not continue in the com-
mand. Convinced of this, it follows that your Excellency, being
the senior General in active service, should assume the cont.
metal ; taking into consideration, on that head only, the Royal
orders not appertaining to the period of the Constitutional sys.
tent. It thus results, that there is no brigadier of older stand-
ing titan yourself in Peru ; because, though General D. I'io
Tristan is of the year 11110, still I consider him as having retired
front service. I desire to give a new proof to his Majesty, and
to the universe, th .t I moreover now sacrifice all to obedience
to his soeereign will,
,as we 1 as to the good of these countries;
they always having been ohj:cts of my cares and sacrifices, I
think it necessary to pass over to the Peninsula immediately.
The reasons I have stated, and my declining health, not allow.
ing me to labour as I wish, and as heretofore, justify and give
weight to the motives which actuate me to resign this high
offiee; therefore I make no doubt that your Excellencyy, your
chiefs and officers of this army, will agree to your Excellency's
taking the command, as your knowledge, political as well as
military, independent of soar other qualities, are no well
known, that l'cru will lose nothing by it ; 00 the contrary, 1
ant perstualed that it will gain much by the change under every
consideration.

With this Iltatortent,l transcribe this to the Oeneral-in-Chief
of the army of the South, a-al to the principal authorities of the
provinces to whom I have thought it necessary to communicate
this step. I expect that your Excellency will send me a re-
ply without delay, and by an express, being convinced that my
own delicacy requires me to resign this command immediately,
and that I should pass over to the Peninsula, to present my-
self to his Majesty. I conanunicate this to your Excellency,
that you may bear it in mind in the answer that you will give
me, and particularly conformably to my above-mentioned cir-
cular of the sth.
What I copy for you, Sir, (General Valdez), is for the Mine
ends, recommending you again to send me an answer by an ex-
press, according to my circular of the sth.
What I copy for you, Sir, (Ileneral Olaneta), is with the
same views, desiring you not to fail to answer me legally and
conformably to the laws on the first question stated in the same
circular as noticed in my decree of yesterday.
Oruro, March 21, 1824. (A Copy). VALDEZ.
OLANETA.

ANECDOTE,--Some of the Indians believe that
the evil spirit is the maker of Spirituous liquors, from which,
notwithstanding, too many of them cannot refrain. Yet there
have been numerous instances to the contrary, when drunken.
nest tuts urged them to commit some crime which in their
sober moments they held in detestation. An Indian, who had
been born and brought up at Minisink, near thel Dela.
ware water-gap, Wand to whom the German inhabitants of
that neighbourhood had given the name of Cornelius Rosen.
baum, told Mr. flecbewelder near fifty years ago, that he had
once, when•under the influence of strong liquor, killed the best
Indian friend lie had, fancying him to be his worst avowed
enemy. He said that the deception was complete, and that while
intoxicated, the face of his friend presented to his eyes all the
features of the man with 'whoM he was in a state or hostility.
It is impossible to express the horror with which he was
struck when lie awoke from that delusion ; he was so shocked,
that he from that moment resolved never more to taste of
the maddening poison, 'of which he was convinced the
devil was the inventor; for it could only hp the evil spirit
who made him see his enemy when his friend was before
him, and produced so strong a delusion on his bewildered
senses that he actually killed him. From that time until his
death, which happened thirty years afterwards, he never drank
a drop of ardent spjfits, which he always called the " devil's
blend," and waslrtrily persuaded that the devil, or some of
his inferior spirits, had a hand in preparing it.

LANDING OF ITURBIDE IN MEXICO.

[FROM TIMES.]

Intelligence arrived yesterday of the landing
of ITURBIDE on the shore of Mexico on the 15th
of July last, but the accounts of what befel him
after his landing are so extremely confused and
contradictory, as to render it impossible to pro-
nounce decisively on the result. The best au-
thority on the subject is, undoubtedly, the letter
of Captain QUELSII of the Spring, the vessel
which carried the ex-Emperor from Southamp-
ton, to his owner in London ; the substance of
which is, that he anchored on the 13th of July
off Soto la Marina, a port about 150 miles to
the northward of Tampico, where one of Gene-
;al Isruentne's suite landed. On the evening
of the 15th, the General himself landed, and
proceeded on horseback to Soto la Marina,
where General GAitciA, who commanded in that
district, received him, turned out the troops,
and proclaimed him, ITURBInu, Captain-General
of all the troops. On the 17th, Madame Urea-
et DE, the family, and baggage, were landed, and
it appeared the whole were very well received.
It appears that Capt. QUELSII, of whose letter
lwe have not been able to procure a copy, re-
mained off the bar of Soto hi Marina, which is
16 miles from the shore, until the 2'2d of July.—
Up to the previous evening ho continued to re-
ceive favourable reports from the shore, that all
was going on well; bat on the morning of
the 22d, he was informed by some American
Captains, that ITURI3IDE bad been shot on the
19th. It is said also in another account, but
this fact, we believe, does not rest on the
Captain's authority, that some people who
had come off from the shore in boats had stated,
that they had themselves seen the party of soldiers
returning from the execution of Ulmann. Capt.
Quer.su, we understand, in his letter to his owner,
gives no faith to this account, because he carried
a letter to Havannah, the port to which he next
sailed, from one of the American Captains who
had circulated the account of Frunetoe's execu-
tion, which letter Capt. Quer,su saw, and which
did not contain any allusion to the event. This
is the only information ou the subject of ITUR•
num.'s landing at all worthy attention; for though
various letters which arrived yesterday from Ha-
vanna!), into which port Captain QucLsn put on'
the 10th of August, contain different versions of
the affair, they are obviously all derived from his
verbal information, and magnified or embellished
according to the fancy of the respective writers.
It is to be regretted that Captain QueLsx, who
must have been off Soto la Marina when the
report reached him of ITtianine's execution,
did not send his boat ashore, which he might
easily have done, in order to ascertain the
fact. What strengthens, perhaps, the proba-
bility of the General's having fallen in the way
described is, that Captain QUELSII received
a promise from him when he quitted the ship,
that if successful he would send him in a few
days some presents; as the testimony of a happy
issue to his adventure, which promise the Gene-
ral did not perform. It is tree, that his mind
might be too much absorbed by the new
situation in which he was placed, to allow
tohim 1
bear
has left m
this promisey anti h
recollection
is t
w
asbut
eldest children, in this country, of whose anxiety
for tidings respecting him he could have no doubt,
it is difficult to adopt that construction of his
silence. We incline,
the opinion that histherefore, on the whole to
extremeenterprise
readiness terminatedun-
favourably.mili-
tary to welcome and place him at their head
has the appearance of a Snare laid for his de-
struction. It is known that the Mexican Go-
elloaneg entertainedrprisewa thesmediatseuds:
Iviiiil'etilinuullitea ealt:ltnt the precaution have
iarile caution of changing the
officers commanding at the different ports on the
Gulf of Mexico, and of placing others there on
whose fidelity they could place dependence.
These men, if faithful to their trust, would allow
!Tea HIDE to land, in order to collect from him
who the individuals were in Mexico on whose as.
sistance he depended, and thus enable the Go.
%remittent completely to extinguish a party justly
considered to be dangerous to its safety. If the
design has actually miscarried, a few days will
set the question at rest, as the event might easily
he communicated by the next arrivals from New
York ; but if he has been allowed to pass unmo-
lested into the interior, it may be a long period
before any further particulars transpire.
[FROM THE MORNING HERALD]
ITURBIDE'S PROCLAMATION.

We have received a copy of the first Procla-
rr►ation which Iturhide issued upon his lan►ling,
and of which the following is a translation :

" Mexicans ! on placing my foot upon our shores, after
greeting you with the liveliest affection and kindness, my first
duty is to inform you of the reason why I havo returned from
Italy, as I now come, and with what object. I trust that you
will listen to my voice, and that you will allow to my words the
credit that is due to ono who has adhered to truth on every
occasion. Experience has taught you, by a series of transac-
tions which required the greatest delicacy in their management
and must be well known to you, that when I have undertaken
operations of public importance, it was not without due medi-
tation that those operations bad uniformly sprung from a desire
to promote the true and solid happiness of my country, and
were carried on in a spirit of prudence and ofjustice.
" I should but offend your feelings if I used any arguments
to convince you that Spain is under the protection of the Holy
Alliance, and that she is not yet reconciled, nor ever will be re-
conciled, to the loss of the most precious jewel in her Crown.
Allow me, however, to observe, that It is impossible for you to
be aware of the numberless intrigues which are actively in mo-
tion, not only in distant countries, but within this out proper
territory, for the purpose of restoring it again to Spanish domi.
nation. But I, who from my residence in Europe, found myself
in a situation to learn much, and to perceive snore, upon this
subject, saw in the clearest manner that ruin was impending
over you—and could I be indifferent, my countrymen, to your
destruction ? Need I say, then, wherefore it is that I return to
you, journeying from such remote regions, triumphing over the
obstacles, and eluding the toils which this same. Holy Alliance
was anxiously preparing to prevent me from achieving my
purpose ?
I.return not as Emperor, but as a soldier and a Mexican,
attracted to you even more by the sentiments of my heart than

by community of country. I come as the first person° amongst
you, interested in the consolidation of our cherished indepen-
dence, and our just liberty. I come influenced by the grati-
tude which I owe to the a Tection shewn me by the nation in
general, and without any recollection of the:heinous calumnies
with which my enemies—the enemies of our country—have
sought to sully my name.

" My only object is to contribute by my counsel, and my
sword to the preservation of the liberty and independence of
Mexico, or never to survive die -commencement of this new
and most disastrous slavery, which powerful nations are pre-
paring to inflict upon it, and that too through the instrumen-
tality of some recreant eons of our soil and several ungrateful
Spaniards. It is my wish also to reconcile the differences
which exist amongst you—differences which of themselves
would be sufficient to plunge you into ruin—to re-establish the
invaluable blessing of domestic peace, to support that system
of Government Which may be most conformable to the general
will, without any restriction whatever, and to co-operate with
you in effectually promoting the prosperity of the nation.
" Mexicans ! you shall soon again hear from your most sin-
cere and affectionate friend,

" AUGUSTIN DE ITURBIDE."
• It may be recollected that it was Iturbide who first pro-
claimed and carried into effect the independence of illexico.

The following are extracts from three private
letters from English merchants ut Havannah :
HAVANNAIr, Alfa. 11.—As you may feel some interest in
the fate of, and movements in, Mexico, I take leave to inform
you that the British brig, Spring, Captain Quelsh, who carried
the Emperor of Mexico out, arrived here last evening, after
having landed him at Soto la Marina on the 15th ult., with his
suite. Horses had been prepared for them, and they proceeded
into the interior for Mexico, without any military escort, from
that part. This is the spot where Mina landed ; and they say
that the upper road from thence to Mexico is algood one. From
my last accounts I have no doubt but he will be favourably re-
ceived, as all the chiefs he left behind wish to be rulers. We
anticipate a favourable change, as soon as he reaches Mexico,
in favour of the commerce of this island, which, no doubt, will
be immediately renewed again.
P.S. I open this to say, that the Captain of the Spring re-
ports, that at the moment of his sailing, a rumour had reached
Soto la Marlin-, of the Emperor having been shot the third day
after he landed, ant when on his way to Mexico. This, if true,
will be confirrueu the next vessel that arrives.

(Extiact of another Private Letter.)
IlAvAwmaii, A ua. 13.—We have information of the land-
ing of Iturbide at Soto la Marina on the 15th ult., and a report
that he was shot a few days afterwards. This report, though
it wants confirmation, is given under circumstances of consider-
able probability.
(Extract of another Private Letter.)
HAVANNAII, Ana. 12.—1 embrace an opportunity offered
by a brig of war to inform you, that the Emperor has actually
arrived in the empire of Mexico, and landed at Soto la Marina,
(where Mina landed), on the 15th ult., from the brig Spring,
Captain Quelsh, who returned to this port on the 10th instant,
in search of a freight. The Emperor found no opposition, and
having horses furnished to hint, immediately proceeded into the
interior with his suite, without a military escort. Ills safe
arrival in Mexico will be all•important to the commerce of this
island, provided he adopts his old regulations, and allows the
same privileges we had when he abdicated.
