ROXBURGH CAUSE.

.The further consideration of this • long pending
enrhitnportant cause being resumed,
The &rap CHANCELLOR quitted • the Woolsack,
and briefly cieliverea his sentiments upon the leading
points of the case. His Loidship concluded by
moving, To affirm the judgment in the Court of
StSlitoll with respea to the principal interlocutor in
the case ; and which forms a result, so far, deci-
dedly in favour of- Sir James Norcliffe Trines, Bart.
Smile subordinate and subsequent considerations
of the case still lie aver for decision. The discus-
Sion of these, his Lordship informed the Agents of
the patties would be proceeded upon either On Mon-
day or Tuesday.
The further consideration of the English and Irish.
Insolvent Debtors Bills was adjourned till Tuesday
next.

. The Irish Militia Officers, the Verdigrease Impor.
tation, and the Prize Goods Waiebousing Bills,
passed through Commitiees of the whole House,
and were reported without any amendment.
The other Bills, upon the Table were forwarded
in their respe,:tiVe stages.--Adjourncd till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
SATURDAY, JUNE 8. •
• STATE oe THE KING's HEALTH..
inunektiate4y alter the Sri:AKzn had taken the

The Ms.s•tca of the Rol.Ls rose, and observed,
that he legreileci much he had out been in the
House last night, when he wail iven to understand,
an Hon. Member (Mr. Whitbread); had stated that
there was a,division to the QUeen's Council as to the
stale of his Majesty's health. Some, being of epi.
tion tutu he was in a state to resuihe the Royal
fun lions, others that he was not. itt be, the Mas-
ter of the Ito bad never conceived it possibly. that
such a report could he in circulation, knowipg that
it had no existence in fari, be could not Ruppoße it
likely that it could find Its Way into the Hon. Mem-
ber's speech, otherwise he shodld have
,telt it to be
his duty to be in his place, to give the statement of
the Hon. Member an absolute contradiction. He
had only now to declare, that. 'no division in the
Queen's Council lead ever :Liken place, either on the
supposed questkri of difference alluded to,by the
Honourable Gentleman, or on any other what-
sot yet..

Mr..IOOSRINGTON brought in the Appropriation
Bill, the Vanities' Bill, the Custotus Seizure
Vraudie 13,i15,, and a Bill for Consolidating thelDis.
tillety Laws, which were severally read a first
time, and ordered to be read a second time on
Monday.
Mr. LONG. brought in a Bill to indemnify the,
Trustees a 1 General De Lancry, which was read a
first tiMe, and ordered to be read a second. tithe
on Monday.,
The Army Prize Money,•the Iri b Comtuissioners
Fens, the Devonshire Coals, and the ExchecFer.
Bill, bill, were severally lead a third time and
palsed.
Ttw iterorts of the Committees of , Wayi
1,1,,,an, and Supply of Friday, were brought up and
tigr-o0 to,
The N.Nal Arsk7nnis, the Secnrities, the English
and tri,h i lilitl t tidy, imd the 'Militia Subslierns
Bills, were st.trunttly committed, and ordered to be
.
rt.porteci on Alrnriddy.

Exeitte IltgehAtion Bin was committecb, re.
ported, OtILI Ordered to be' read t third-time on
tvlowlay. , '

Oil the motion of Sir J. Sinclair; the Committee
en the Highway Ilitl had leave to report from time

La naut,

".11w ()tiler (Vag, were disixneil

.COREIGN

FRENCkI PAPERS.

PALO, Mtv Majesty the Emperor ar-
rived a) Cherburgh oil the ,;,7111 uit, He wail received
two ttriles from the etes by the Municipal Autho-
rtties.—ller M,ljebly the Emprest appears not all at-
166.ted by the latigue. Both were every where re-
ceived by the playas and loud acelarnations of the
people.

Pattsannort, MAY 4.—The negcciations forpeace
between I.l43sia.tara.l Turkey are carried on with
lunch apparent activity. Tile Chevalier Italiesky is
the accrediled Miniver on the part of the Russian
Government. We'ar's assured that ALlkAid has of -
feted to relinquish all the strong piaCes south of
the Danube, and to make the northern bank her
boundary Ibut. there are many other points d,tri.
cub ref adjustrueot,•which are likely the mar the rie!.
gociation.
SAMT 1.0, MAY 30.—At 'five o'clock this morn-
ing lils D'tlajesty belog in Ott; Reads, made the squa-
dron be reviewed, commanded by :Rear-Aotittral
Troude. This squadron went through several CVO.
iutions at some leagues distance from the Roads.
Their M j' iC", Lleaktasied at cleveu o'clock on the
Dike of cneruourg. The squadron returned by tht
cb:c.lll cotiatice, along the battery within
pistol shot} and went out again by the entrance On
it a va;st to recommence its eruize. At twelve
°Pt:lock their Majesties took an airing-in their car-
ria4e, and arrived here again at seven
,m the
evening.

DUTCII PAPERS.

VIUNNA) MAY 6.—The Archduke Palatine of
nuilgory nriived in th;s capital ye,terliay. It is re.
pored in the pot tic:ll circles, that his Royal Hi2;h-
, h,ings the tigrecablo intelligence, that Ail in-

Tit following Bulletin Of the state of His MA*
JESTY'A health (signed on SatUrday) was yesterday
exhibited at St. James's
" Windsor Castle, lone 8,18 i t.

Hts Mir csTy has teen more composed through
the last week, and his disorder hay in no respett in-
crdased,

" H. HALPOItD.
" M.' LIAILLIE.
" W. HEIMIIDEN.
" R. WILLue."
The Report of yesterday at WitiLlsor, was as fol.
lows ;
" His NIAJEOITY has had a good night."

We received this morning American Papers, of
Which the following is an extiad. :

1106 TON, MAY 6
" Sink, Burn, Plunder, and Destroy !"
" Ills Alidesty loves the Americans II"

" Arrived yesterday, the French privateer brig
'Diligent, Capt. qansstx,trom 'lt cruise. The:arrival
of this privateer in;the polaware caps,theclimax'of
insult and impudence, as she is the same that,CaptUr-
ed on the 21st February last, the.shiP Hebe, OGLE,
Otthis port, and the barque Gideon, COFFIN, of Nev
York, which vessels being chiefly in bahast, she was
'On the point of sinking, but ,was prevented by the
Captain's ransoming the first for 10,000, apd the
latter for 6,000 dollais, Tor which, they gave their'
4onds. ,

American Senmeu murdered in France.

". The accounts received on Friday, confirm the
tidings of the execution (in fact murder) of three
American Seamen in France. The stip Mary dun,
of Portland ; having been captured by a French
picaruon, was afterwards gallantly re-captured by
Captain Mg wrostr, and part of his-crew, and several
.of the Fleachinen killed in the contest. A• calm
ensuing, and the American re-captors finding the
piearoon overtaking them, took to their boat and
escaped. Three, of the crew took no part in the
re-capture, and were of course left on board ; but
when. carried into Dunkirk, were tried, condemned,
and shot, by the French."

The accounts from ihe North continue to be
tnore,:and more interesting, and the rumours of ap•
proaching hostilities between France and Russia be.,
come every day mere' strung. The assemblage of
Russian troops on the frontiers of Poland has ex-
cited the jealousy of, BUatiAPARTE and according
to the last accounts, he had deiniuded a categorical
nsuer upon the subjed, Which the Court of Pe-
ter-sburgh had not thought -proper to' give. - In the
mean time, BIjOiIAPARTE is ,sending troops as fast as
he can towards the Russian frontiers, and the Prus-.,
Sian army has Ileen reviewed by French Generals.
It was reported yesterday, that a Messenger had
yesterday arrived in town with dispatches from Pe-
tersbutsh, and that. Government were actually in
possessiim of the Manifesto which the Russian do-
veto men t had prepared to be issued on the corn-
mencernent of hostilities with France. ,Whefher
the latter, pat t of, this report be title or not we ou-
tlet undertake to say,' but we have no doubt what
ever, in the course of a very few -weeks, some
most important changes will. take place in the North
of Europe. An Anbolt Mail arrived this morning,:

We I-hoe tihicie aoulL extracts iron! it, tut ings
very little news.

This day the first meeting of" the persons. Who
have associated to obtain what they are pleased to
designate ‘` Parliamentary Returm," is to take
place. That many among them really and hitestly
wish for no more than the correCtietr of what they
conceive to be abuses, we' hare no doubt, but we
are convinced on the other band that there -are
many who make use of the specious mask .of Re-
form to cover their plans of ionovatiou 'and sub-
version. The attachmept of the people of this
empire to the Constitution under which they al.d
their ancestors haVe enjoyed 'so much happiness is
so great, that any attempt openly to attack it would.
excite general alarm, and therefute the violent re-'
formers are obliged to assume a: tone very.different
indeed Iran that which they would use, it' they dare
at, present to speak their real sentiments. Very
few years have elapsed :duce the Br Constitution
wai:the daily sutj,:ct of the attacks of Many of those
who now profess to 'admire it e the French Consti-
tution was then
,the object of . their adoration.
What circumstance has etieaed this wonderful
change in their sentiments ? such sudden con-
versions are always suspieious, and we cannot
think that it would be wise or prudent to employ
those porsons.to reji)rne the Constitution (if a reform
were necessary) who but a little white ..igo were so
• •
eager to destroy it, and only desisted horn the at-
tempt when they found that it was impractic
We shall be asked, perhaps, whether' we will un-
dertake to say that no abuses do exist, and if they
do,- whether they ought not to be correetedl. To
this we answer, that in every system of human Go-
vernment there must be errors,hoth in the theory and
pratiice ; but we assert,witliout the tear of cootra. (fic-
tion, that the British Constitution is nearer to perfec-
tion than any other that ever existed, 13:cause under
it the people enjoy wore protetaion, more liberty,
more real happiness, than ever was 'enjoyed by any
people under any Government of which history af-
fords us any knowledge. It', then, in such a Con-
stitution, some real or ituaghaary error < is . diseover--
ed, would it not be wise, before the work of re-
form,
alteration, or Innovaticin, is begun, to clan-
sider whether the evil wising fzerh this' supposed
error in oar Constitution, is so great as to jestifius in
running the risk of specul,uive.alteratietis, and from
such hands too; whether we ought to expose our-
selves to the hazard of losing our practical happiness in
the idle hope of obtairiing theoretical perfJBion ? But
the time at which this attempt at Reform is made
appears to us- most objectionable : it is calcu-
lated to agitate and distract the minds of the people,
when every thought, every exertion, should be di-
reEled to one object ; it is calculated to engage us
in speculations and disputes upoti absthet points,
when all our energies are necessary fo'resist fo.
reign Tyrant, who, if he were tesucceed against us,
would reduce us to a state, of wretchedness and
slavery of which the history of the world "lards no
example.' If we can suppose that there is any one
thing more calculated iagiVO'BUCNAPAnTs pleasure
than another, it must be that of seeing us divided
among ourselves, and favouring, by our own internal
divisions, his plans for our subjugation. He has
found our arms Oy.sea and land invincible. if he
should ultimately succeed against us, it must be by
our own assistance,—it must be by our employing
those energies in disputes with one another, which
ought to be directed solely againsthitn.

We have received letters from the Ccipe of Good
Hope, to the Ist of April, by the Mary, arrived in
the river. The Owen Qienclower. trigtte, Captain
SELBY, With a convoy , from Spitheed 'and the
Harpy, Capt. A. •CPUKT, with dispatches, had pr,
rived at the. Cape... Capt. SaLBY, we are sorry to
hear, died a few Jays after he arrived.: he was ill
when he left England.. Capt. A. Cotiler wits pro-
moted to the command of she Owen Glendower.—
It was said that Admiral STOPFORD was to go on to
India, to succeed Admiral DRURY. The Scipion, 74,
bearing his flag, Capt. JOjINSTONE, was lying at the
Capeo—Captain Pnvtia; of the Royal Eugineers,
and several other passengers, came home in. the
Mary. •

A Gentleman, who left Biscay= on- the 23d of
May, who slept at the same inn with JOSEP' II 800.
NAPARTR, on his return to France,'-and who, during
a residence of three months in the neighbourhoodl of
the Fyrenees, had continual opportunities of aSevr-
taining what was passing there, states, that not
single French soldier had entered Spain Since the ar-
rival, Of gESSICRUS *- and .that, on the contrary, a
considerable numb:or, principally, however; • non-
effettires, had returned to France.
Mousier Le Baron LA JaUNE, Colonel in the
French army,. and late kid-de-Camp to MASYRNA;
and Mona. La Col. STOFFLAtt, late Aid-de-Camp
to 'I32IITHIER, have arrived at Portsmouth froM
Portu.al, and gone on their pewit! ; the timer
to Northampton, and the' latter, to "Ashhy-iIL:-la-
ZOUCIL--.Col. SToFFLER was taken pri,oner be.
tween Altheicla and Ciudad Rodrigo, with 20:dra-'
goons, by *a party of Guerillas, whilst conveying
disp..tchcs.
At the reontst of the Nee'rchants interested, Sir
Scorr has given his written 4.)pinion on the case,
of the American ship fur, in which he is tind,r-
stood to state, that the said vessel is liable to he con
demned under the Orders in Council.
