AMERICA.

This Day were published,
In Three thick Volumes small Byo. price One Guinea, bds.
RAVELS in AMERICA, performed in 1806,
tortire purpose of 1: xploting the Rivers Allegbany,
Monongahela, Ohio, and tslississippi and ascertaining the
rrOtitie;g: and Social. Condition of t hen Banks and Vicinity.
by THOMAS AS, E, EN.
Late Captain lathe Yolk Ratagers.
Printed for Richard P 1111144, No. 6, Bridge-street, Lox--
don and'to be had of a.i Booltsellert:
Of whom may be had,
Judge Marshall's Lite. of Washington, in 5 vole, price
71. 17s. 6.1. in 4to. or 31 in Svo. ' ,

"FliF, NAVY.
This Day WAS published; „.
In a closely printed Volume, embellished with Views of
great Mictones, and a Chat,•price 7s. 6d. bound and let-
tercl to tcw Copies taken,on. fine Paper, price ils. 6.1.
eleg.,,tly bawd),
THE BRITISH NEI4UNE; or, a History of
the Ri .e, Progress, and Tritittifilis, of the li RITISH
NAVY, tram the rime of ALFRED to the •G LORIQUS
V 1 C t'OR y RA ALG A R.,interspersed with Anecdotes
and. Notices of the successive mproVOinelltS in Navigation,
nit Naval Ta;dics.
hy WILLIAM BURNEY,, A.M.
Master ut the Naval Academy at Gosport; &C..
The NAt.olial I in portance of such a complete and compen-
dious Wutk as the .hove-rnent'onett, Will, at the present
moment, be generally felt.
Printed for K. 6, Bridge.street, Blackfriars t and
$4l by ail the Ilooks,:llers at Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chat-
ham, Cork, Liverpool; Hull, Greenock, Falmouth, and other
Sea Ports.
Of whom may be had, by the same Author,
The Naval Heroes of Great. Britain; or, Lives of distin-
guished Adinirals and Commanders, from Sir Francis Drake
to Lord Nelson, with 24 Portraitsand 6 Charts. pricels. 6d.
bound and let tered,:or cos. 611. on fine paper, elegantly bound.

lk." UNITED KINGDOM,
With Forty-six Ma s.
This Puy was published,
In One very large and closely printed Volume,' 04tavo (cot-
-lesporidirig with !Watkins's, Biographical Dietionary), ac-
companied by separate Maps of every County in England,
land by various Nlaps of Wales, ScotlancL and Ireland, Price
2aS, complete in bonds, or jos, Withihe: Maps COLOPrett,,
or the Maps done up sepafately, price las. halt-hound,
,forming the completes' A ties, of" the British Islands yet
pi!blislied, every Map having been drawn purposely from
vaginal inateri IS on a new plait, : -
ATOPOGRAPHICAL, DICTIONARY of. the.
utlrriii) KING DONS, compiled from Parliamen-
tary,. Governmental, and other Authentic Modern Docu-
ments and Authorities (cacti of which are annexed to the re-
speetive article's, or particularly described in the Prefacel,
and containing hagal, Ecclesiastical, Geographical, Topo-
gh;pliical, Antiquarian, Commercial, Agricultural, and Sta-
tistical Accounts of every County, tlualrett, Coy, Borough,
Market TOW44' Parish, town:,itip, Hamlet, Tyi liing, River,
Cape, Mountain, Bay, Harbour, Ruin, Gentleman's.
drat, and other rental I;ible object or pace in ENGLA N
WALES, SCOI'.LAN I), IRELAND, and the various small
Islands dependant on the British Empire.
By •11. V. CAPPER, Esq.
Printed for Rickard Phillips, No 6, Bridge..street,ißlack-
friars, and to bo had of all in Great Britain and
Ireland.; in boards, and in virious bindings.

1110GAAPHY.
Thls Day WAS published,
A Nes" Edition, ireing toe Third, with considerable Addi-
tions aw.t . I throveillehtS, in One very I irge and closely
- printed Volume, Oct ,vo, price r6s. in boards,
r BIOGRAPHICAL, HISTORICAL, and
CliltON'oLtWlCAl.. DICTIONARY, contain.
ing 'accurate Accounts of the Lives, Cliaratters, anti Aitions,
of the most einiront Pe, sons of all Ages and Countries, in.
eluding the Ituvuluthans of States, and the Successions of
Sovereign Princes. ,
• By 10liti WATKINS, LL.D. tee. Seg.
Vita "eitim mattuor um in mernoria est posita.—Ct Ciao.
A lhographival anti His‘oit,al Library, in the form of a
Dictionary; and in the compass of an Octavo Volume, an.
tiwering the purpose of Itcterence on all points of Biography,
Criminology, and Hiarory, challenges the respell et every
Student, and every I.over at Lilerature.
This Dictionary 4.-,liaists elf One Thousand closely printed
Pages, each containing Six, Hundred Words, and consequently
contains as Much Matter as any large and exp Q
ensive 14Sto.
After-the Sale of ylirue• Editions' of this Dictionary,: each
baeo number, antrtho credit and authority it had obtained in
the Lit wary World, it becomt.s a matter of surprise t hat
another Author, parodying its c,nuents, should leave had
the temerity to bring out anath,zr Work, having the same
object, and not (Goulding one twelfth ,more Matter,. st the
enormous price of "Chree i;uineas I The Public are invited
to nt ike the compavison between Dr. Watkins's Work and
this, o.liieh is tour times the price. Let it be added, that
Dr. Watkins's Di ,tionary contains the Authorities of each
Article, an essential requisite- in every Wart; orßelereuce,
which, however, is omitted in this new and unnecessary
'2+1.0 to. . .
Print ti for Ricitard Phillips, No. 6, Bridge-street, Black-
((Uri; and to he I tad of all lioaksellers
wh to may be had, by the same Author,
4ri;lure liio;traphy, iri one Vol tune, With Plates, price
55. bowot, or i,l oz.Livo, with a large Type,- price Imi, 64.

Further pa?lictelarr, vgether with the Teitte and .Conditiostt of
the Contrari, may. be known Arpin applieltion at the Sicreta,y4s
Office, Pall Mall, . afire:arid, any day between tf.e hours of len
and Fe- lir o'clock, Tv6ere the Preposals :trete he delivered, wiled
up, and ',aorta " Pfo-posals for Painter's Work at Ports:
mouth ;'t but no Protaal can be idttiltted alter the said 'id of
June next, at Twelve s'Ciork at Noon of the Janie Day; 7.,eithft
'will any Tender he noticed, unleti, thi Tarty ',Wing it, or 14'
Agent, in kit behalf, shall attend.
sy Order of the Rani,

R. 8. CR,F,W, Set.

SUGAR. DISTILLERIES.—SECOND EDITION.
Ith6 Day was published, price 34. the Stti;oll4i
THE RADICAL CAUSE of , the prement D': -
i'RESSIiS of the W EST IN:1.)i A PLANTE
pp dated out ;end the Inefficieney Of the Measures Wh. h haver
hithortu been proposed. for relieving them denumstratedi
By WILLIAM SPINCE F.I„S.
Printed for *,r,..Cadell and W. tjavics, Strand.
In this Pamphlet is discussed the pr ipriety or sutvaltutiritt
Sugar for Grain in the Distilleries; and tlia gross inju,tice of.
this Measure, to the Landed I merry, and il4 general ;ill .4,011.,:y*
are clearly proved.
Lately published, by the same. Author.
Britain Independent of Conimeice, Oth, Editiiin, Price Vi

In he Nniss, 3n4 will be pn.1),Ii))104 in A 3,01).541'1,

Agriculture the Source of thi.' Wealitt "Of RiitArt.
A Reply to the Objeciions urged by. Mr. Mill..ll3ct
burgh Reviewers, and others, agoinst tha Dottrincs of the
Yainpltler, entitled thitain Independent of Corntuerce.',

• Dr.-TRUSLER's USEFUL. BOOKS.:
Np. 1, Paternoster-row. —C4taiaguei C;ratis.
lt JEMOIRS. of his OWN' LIFE, Quavcd, Hi,
LVI The Publisher can truly say, from, various Autioritiet4
that this Work is not only highly ciit,eriainiiig,. but voy in,
teresting and instrudive —So are his 'Solids, • • •
MOD .4 RN TINIEST or, The Adyen! ores of Gabriel OM
cast, on the'Plan of Gil Bias, with. twelve Copper-el:44i
3 vols. as. ld Edition. with its Seltiftl•
Ll E or, The Adventures of W.,Kamble, 3 vols. With
five Plates, itis,.6d.
" This Author, is the Very Hernskirk of NOvclists,*,--.
English Review,.
4. The low scenes, of life are here painted in the highest
and truest colours, and more knowledge is taught than by
twenty years experience." --Monthly and Critical lto e icw $.

lust published,
A SYsient of Etiquette as. od and a Third Vnlunic
Chronology, tolnatch the'friner,§s. 6d.

This Day was published,
In Thirty Numbers, price is.,6d, each, or the 'whole.peatly.
half-Bound, 01.4:chi. Bs.
THE CABINET of .the ,ARTS : being, a Now
and Universal Drawinor Book, forming a cornpl,:tL: 3V$.
tem of Drawing, Etching,' lingraving, IVretkotintO, and A pus
tints • Painting in all' its lirandics,• Perspeelive. Priajedion,
and..eurveying ; with all their various and a poen:lint Nits :
containing the whole Theory and Pr,teiintoof roc Fine Art's:
in general, displaying, in the must manner, rILI.
whole•ltudinients ot I initation,-Designei)isposititni; I oven
•
tion, and Deception, illustrated witicupw.Ards of Sixty eh"
gent Engravings, finn IJraWings by the first -r
which is addc.:l, an Appendix, vantainin4 several eiolon.;
useful Miscellaneous Articks.
liy V. HODSON, with the Assittancenf J. DO VGA

Author of the Accomplished Tuinr, &c
Printed for C. Cradock and W. - joy (Suctestor4 to T,
OsieII), 3, Ave-Maria-lane, Ludgate-outlet ; sold by
all linolcoeliers in the United 'l< ingdwo. - • •
*l.* A superior Edition, tvithbealltiful coloured PlAte,;
price 3s.

THE FAMOUS NINON DE I,ENCLOS' RESTORA'
TIVb and PRESERVATIVE FOO POWDER,
Sold at as. 6d. and 4a.. 6d. a bog, stanlisa Included.

A tr., the Ingredients of which this genuine anti
invaluable Tooth 'Powder tee L''orrthetted so aito'
serve tha enamel, to strength:Al the cclaxe;t guinc,
the scurvy, 4111 cause them ret,;(.li their mato u
the list ; it prevents or ctureS the tooth.:tiette, 3t6p3
decay, and fixes those that are loose; has an agreeable tuts,
and totally e> pets a bad or olferitiive breath.
The Proprietors, 43 zealous (Or tiwir .chittuaer as anxious
Itr the public good, to Convince. the Nobility, (;zotiv, and
public at large, that this elegant Composition contains no
thing pernicious or corrosive, have submitted it to the
initiation ut two trait:cm Physiciall3 of the. netropolisqaorl.
Nlenihers of ch:,Collcge...who !lave expre,sed their tidiest
convieliOn Of its good eircas, .tad the surety with which tC
may he used ; anti perinitted, the Proprietors to
rcf..l to them any Laifor Centlentint w tMiry wish
satisfied in • these lespeas,.. and tor .which purpose titcir
names and address ar,, left with the venders,
Messrs. Bowling, Walker', 'and di): Druggists, 36,
man-street and Crovdon ; Shaw, Edward, and It
gate Within;
Churt.h-vard'; ;' 1165,,k,
and Co. Cheapside ; an,t,
tant!r':;., Haymarket ; Bacon and. Co. 0 ;font tact ;
Overton, New Botid-ctreet ; .W„trd. Holborn ; Belton. o,Og.
gist, Woolwich ; Rhodes, Dreg4ist, Ma ;
D-
ruggist; Roystone ettimhztlaitte, Ortiggist, .1 ps wich f
and hy re, Drumi‘t, .Newport
N.B. To .prevent any 1,-.ltti in'the salC, upilt each talk),
hill, and box, will be writ :an, hy one Pt the I.ll.:›prietsits,,,
his.4lantes full Length,' beginning thus." C. A. Ltvestsr,"
ire. -

LONDON,

SATURDAY, MAY 121, 1808.

Fust before this Paper was put to Press we re-
ecivul Matla Papers to the 18th inst. They con-
tain interesting intelligence respeeting the affairs of
Spain, of which we can only to-clay give the follow-

ink; abstrad-i— • , • , •
The Dutch Journals contain a long article, trans-
lated from the Moniteur, of the t i th, dated Bayonne,
the 6th instant. This article gives intelligence
from "Madrid, written on .the evening of the 2d,
by which it appears: that 'violent disturbances
had 'taken place in that Capital. Tbis French
account begins by. stating, that mr since the events
at Aranjuez, the people of Madrid had been
disturbed state ) that,Offence-was daily given to the
French ; that for .two days there had been 1111`•
0)04'90S a,svtnblies, WhiCil appeared to have some
certain obje6t in view. The cool and prudent part
of the.. French and Spanish 'saw that a crisis, was
approaching, and wished to bring the-multitude to
reason. The Queen C.),f L7aviuta and Don FRAN-
CISC. 0 wished to go to Bayonne. The Grand Duke
of Mato attempted to rescue them. He was sur-
rounded as he was going to the Palace, and defend-
ed himself long, • and he was on. the point of fail-
lag;: When ten grenadiers ,rescued-him. At the
same :rnorrient a second Officer was wounded
by another crowd. The great• strectlOf Akala, the
Sun:Gate, and the great Syiare, were crowded.
The (;gaud Duke gave the alarM, and flew to his
post, and a Battalion of the French marched to the
Grand' Duke at the-Palace, with cannon, "wilere the
d:sturbers had assembled.

A tiring took place from two rinks, and in a
short time the multitude were dispersed. Woo-
ral GROUCHY was ordered to , disperse the crowds
,
in. the street of Alcala—thitty, pieced of cannon
with grape shot, and a charge of .cavalty, cleared
ell the streets. Yet the insurgents, though they
fled from the streets' into the houses, fired from
them upon the French soldiers—Generals, GULLe•
LOT and DAUBUIN broke open the doors, and all
who.Wert, found. with arms iu their bands were
to dt:at.h.—Gen. DAMsslSet. aside two charges with
cavalry in the Square, and had two hones killed
under him. The insurgents made for the arsenal to
seize ' the arms and canuoni---t hey broke iu, but
Gen. LEPR4EN arrived in time te.'save the arms. All
who Were in. the arsenal- Were put to death. - The
French Garrison of Madrid were close etn'aged in
this affair: When the firing- of cannon was heard
in the camps outside the City the troops. marched

When the Esti.saelt received- the-tidings of the.
above husiness, he• went to King CHARLES, and
met linn:coming from the Empress's, where he had
dined, and on telling him the news, the King said—
‘o I ,have foreseen this evil—/hose who set the po.-
pulace on think they can restrain them,"
The King instantly resolved to appoint the Grand
Dukei,of Berg X,ieutenant-General of the KingdOms
end at the same time sent Patents to the. Councils
of Castile and War. . , . F.
The Kite n afterwards called the Prince of As.
Tye iill4 to him, and read t heG randlluke let-
ter. Ho observed to him); hat' lie nowsaw the result of
his criminal condit6,l' in flattering the. prejudices of
the people, and 'forgetting the sacred tespep. he
owed •to - the Throne and the lawful Authorities—
Popular s;einniatioris' were like lire,
.easily excited,
but it required another mind and another arm than
his to extinguish 'them.

The next article is a letter ion) BUONAPARTE
to the Prince. of Amu; .dated the itith April,
in which he defends the Prince of Peace. He ad.
dresses hint," My Brother," at the beginning ;• but
in the body of the letter styles him only ‘,‘ Royal
highness.'' .
The next is a long letter from King CHARLUS to
the Prince of ASTUlttite, dated the 2d May, re.
'alive to his condu6t. The ad Article is the folloW7
ing letter frOM the Prince of Asturias to thelithillt
Dc),,t,AwrpNt9, at Madrid :
" I have jient the following letter to olden.
Father to-clay--' Honoured Father and Lord. 4
In Order to give you a proof of my love and obe-
dienc,,, and Jr) 10101164 of your desire, I resign
my CrOWLI. in .favour of your. Majesty, wishing
you may ettjoylit .many years ! 1 recommend to
your Majesty the persons who have served me
since the totb of 'March.
_I rely on yotir asoar-
atwes in this respea. I pray. to
,God to preserve
you many happy days.
I throw myself at the feet of your Royal 'Ma-
jesty, the 1113144310 t of your ,on..
" klaptsAtto."

FERDINAND then recalls all powers be bad given
to persons to fill different of

Wi-list night received some Foreign Journals,
-Wain 'Which We have made some extracts respecting
Portugal. General JUNOT, aa'a mark of his master's
approtsagom and. favour, has been honoured with the
title of Duke of AuItANTH4i and we cannot avoid
callingAhe attention of our Readers to the article
from Liston in which this new creation is an
irottiiced : it is impossible to conceive any thing
more grossly or cruelly insulting to the
.tirsicirtunate
people of Portugal, more especially when it is con-
pied with a Proclamation from Jowar, contained in
the same Papers, by which the most severe penalties
are denottneed against those who way attempt to
escape front -French exaction and oppression, and
even, against Persona who shall receive any Letters,
Papers, ,ite:n the English Squadron. The ar-
ticle ‘frotal.ll(isboo, to which we bare alluded,
thocelt Elia.; in point of form, official, is certainly
so in substance ; and 'therefore, the following sen-
tence which it contains must be considered as hav-
ing been inserted with the approbation, or, More
probably, by the circlets, of BUONAPAUTE:
Tins Portuguese have seen with the most lively
satisfaCtion in the saute choice (the appointment of
JUNOT 10 be Duke of ABRANT. ES) 41' new.bond he
, .
tweet]. this Country and the illustrious War.
rior, that governs it :in 'tile name of ,the
.BULER.
of EUROPE." We 'should be 'glad 'fto hear'
the sentiments of the EMPEItOItS of Russia and
AUSTRI, but particularly of the former, upon this
sentence. iIueNAPAcTF. has, undoubtedly, for some
•time exercised a despotic authority over those
two Emp,erors, \but- he never before openly an-
doOnced them to the world as his vassals.

A very pompous, but uninteresting account, is
given in these Papers, of the ceremony of presenting
the Sword of FaaN et I. taken at the battle of Pavia,
to General MURAT:

' A Letter•hasheen received in Town this morning
from Yarmouth, which states., that ititelligencehad
been received there that a Dutch Lineof-battle Ship
had escaped.out of the Texel.

IN giving an Astra& of Colonel SHIP Lev's speech
on the LoCal Militia Bill, the Opposition Papers
record, with great complacency, that he assured. the
House, " when the events of the last two years
ItoulCl be consigned to the page of history, posterity
Would discover an' extraordin try Contrast between
the cnndna of the late and present Administration N
Nothing Was ever more corm& ; yet still we did.
net expeEt the oluervation to;corne'froin Colenel
.tirtlr.r.y., He, it is welt known, applauded all, the
measures of the late Ministers, and condemns all
those of the present; yet, such is the innate force
of truth, that the, Hon. Gentleman, in the ard,Our
at speaking, remits from his own party, and bitter-
ly reprohatts in the, gross what be had so cordially
approved in detail. In one thing only the speaker
has/failed;, he haS otnittc‘d to specify the particular
If Els of the two Administrations, which, in his opi»"
nion, will furnish such an extraordinary controt„ in
the eyes of posterity. This delta we,, as hound in
.duty, shall indeavour, to supply; and we most can-
didly apprise our Readers, that our disappointment
will be very severe' if, after carefully; perusing what
we are about to state, they do not fully agree with
'Colette/ SIIII'LEY and ourselves, that " POSTRILEY
WILL. DISCOVER AN EXTRAORDINARY CONTRAST BR7.

k.A,t4" THE CONDUCT OF' TRH LATE AND INtEnNT,
ADMINISTRATION."

The laic Administration compromised the 'honour
of this Country, and I),ms:dyed the 'safety of Europe.
They found two powerful States pnited against the
col-ninon Enemy, and clamorous for'assistance
they looked on the struggle with the most insulting
apathy, and turned it deaf earto every w reaty ! The
destiny of the world depended, itt no inconsiderable
degree, on the preservation of Dautzic ; .a few Gun.
brigs might have maintained i 4 against all kower
of Flatlet!: Spithcad was literally cnOtunbered with
them, and yet oat a single one was suffered to weigh
an anchor ! BLIONAPART.k; was bearing down the
llussitm Armies by, dint of superior numbers; and
frequent, and, indeed, pathetic applications were
made from St. Petersburgh, that we would endea7
your to lessen the pressure,' by alarming the coasts
al France or Italy : the return to these was a mad
and wicked Expedition to Alexandria; which end-
bled the French to onfurnish the shores of the Me.
ditqr3nowl, and pour additienal myriads upon the
already'retiring Troops of Russia ! of
Tilsit, apd all its' concomitant evils); fullowed as a
natural consequence : one powerful Monarchy was
entirely destroyed; a great and ringhtY'Prhentate
was. converted, from a zealous friend, intOa mosi
bitter encmy ; and the whole Continent Of Europe,
with the exceppou of Sweden, laid Kt the feet of au
execrable Tyrain, who was thus en powered it). di.
r.etA all its risoUrces against Great .I;ritain. Such
was " the coliduct of the tale Administration

The preseht Administration found BPONAPARTE
in possession of all the southern coot x Unto

with aft unlimited controul civet the Navy of Russia,
a preponderating in ti ence inilk tha.Pounifils of Den-
- t
and a fixed determination to terrify or cajole
Sweden into the surrender of her 'Meer, with an ie7:
tent of combining the maritime forces of the three
Powers, and directing diem against the most yid-
,nerable part of the British Empire! a -scheme at
once feasible, striking,_thagnificent, and. pregnant
with greater dangers to this Country, than any
hostile plan" which :the st4titife malignity of its
enemies ever, formed against it. From the fu-
rious and reiterated attacks,. of the late Ad-
ministration," on , the Danish. Expedition, it .is
perfectly 'clear, that ,Ithe clepinratile politicians of
whom it WAS composed would not have awaked
from their death-like slumber of security till IWO-.
•NAPARTE had effeCted his gigantic measures, and,
with the united maritime force of three Etripices,
poured irresistible destruction on the Northern shores
of Great Britain. And here, let us call the grateful
attention of'our Readers to that mereifUl interven,--
' tion of. Providence, Which removed such weak and
dangerous Ministers from our Councils, and inspired
his Majesty with wisdom to aelet others, from
whose integrity and vigour we may hope (under
that` 'gracioui Power, whose
,guiding hand is so vi-
sible) for.security, glory, and itsattendant blessings,
prosperity and lasting peace!
To return to Colonel SHIPLEY. The Reader has
seen in what state Europe was left by the " late Ad-
ministration ;" it remains to perfect:- the contrast,
for the benefit of " posterity." Fully sensible of
the evils arising front the pernicions torpor of their
predecessors, " the present 'Administration" orga-
nized, with a speed hitherto unknown, a Most
powerful armament, 'of which the object was not
even suveCted by our enemies abroad or at home,
and diSpatched it to secure the Navy; of Denmark,
on Which the subje6tion of Sweden, and the conse-
quent junetion of the naval strength of the Baltic,
ultimately depended : this was as gallantly achieved.
as judiciously concerted, and. the key,stone_ being
thus withdrawn, the ecLfice fell of course, and laid
the daring projetat of BuOSAPARTE in ruins ! In this
instance, then, " posterity will discover an extra-.
ordinary contrast between the condo& of the late
and present Administration ;"-and their astonish-
ment at the blindness of the former, will be con-
. verted into horror, when they learn the tremendous
magnitude of the danger to which, they exposed us.
Had their . pestilential counsel been followed, ,the
Tyrant of Europe would have assembled, in the
before the end of January, a naval forte of
fifty sail of the Line, an equal nunther of stout Fri-
' gales, and fiOLO two to three hundred Gun-boats of

a most, formidable description : theft, tilled with

Troops, which were purposely cantoned along the
Coasts, would have been pppareci to sail on the first
breakintup of the ice ; and an easy navigation of
three or four days,. from the lase of Norway, would
have, broUght them to the liumber, or the Frith of
Forth! It will be recollecleti, that from the end of
January to that of April, a.space of three months,
the Wind blew constantly' and powerfully from.the
East ; so that, however Urgent the call, it was ab-
sOlutely impraeticablo to send a single Squadron of
large Ships, to watch, much less to defeat, any
ho!tile designs of: the Enemy, who might have
landed 150,000 •rnn, and retired to their harbours'
unmolostetl,' lon before we had lost sight of the
Downs. :From all this evil, and more, the energy
of " the present Administration" has micueti us ;
and we hope that it will tint be forgotten by " pos-
terity,'`. when they set about for I 111.11'g t,.ie" c6tr:ls,t?

The," late Administration" sacrificed mit most
powerful Allies; o,tlcl we .cannot. telicet without
scorn and indignatiO on; that base and cowardly de-
relletioa of every honourable principle, 'which
prompted tke-4.!;:ac-tti of it party (now .reduced -to
a faetion) to IVAose, when "the present Administra,
, m
Lion" asked for supplies to enable the gallant young
King of Sweden (the 'onl3r friendly Power who had not
falters a viEtint to the irnbeclity ot their predecessors)to
defend his country, and preserve a brave and loyal
people from slavery and destruction, that a million
sterling shoUld be given him for:the-express pnrpose
of transferring it to the handsof his and our most
inveterate
,enemy, as the price of a shameful and
insecure Peace ! ! ! While we have a tongue to
speak, or a hand to direa a pen, we will never suffer
it ta he 'forgotten that the Leaders-of 'the Party; the
oraeles. of "the late Administration," exhorted the
Government of this Country 'to contribute. their
efforts--Aiot. to make a last stand against the total
subjugation
.of the Con incur, not: to hold out an ex-
ample of resistance that should ennoble weakness,
and teach valour not to despair, bur, horrible, w
relateto'.iair the whole at the feet ()fa ifratitie Ty-
rant, and ettieguish every vestige of independence,
honour, ,acrd erne patriotism, yet to be tOund in
rope we gather a gleam of comfort from the
conteMplation of such atrocious folly, it arises from
the Lireconviklion that the, persons who are guilty
uf it, duly :sensible of their fallen estate, have resign.;
ed every-hope of sharing in any future .-14miuistra.1:

Lion, and having nothing to gain of the public, Ve
oaroless what they may losa. " Posterity" svill not
fail to " discover an extraordinary contrast of thd
late and present Adininktration" its this ithtance
we prwurne, even though it bhpuld be trattsfet rod
thej)2f,p9f histua"sla_Col. SLILPLY."

The "late AdministrationT di,graced, the Army,
and, what we scarcelybelievett possible, what indeed_
required all their imbe.ciiity to, effea,,its, Navy
The " present Administration" laced both
situation. to do themselves honour (more is unneceiz, ,
sary) ; and they did"hi The I.lte Administration,"
after keeping, the troorA on ship-board for several -
months, after dispatching them from sea to sea in a
deultory pursuit of -orders, finally placed the most
numerous and gallant Ahoy that everleft the shores
of Great Iritaiu, in the hands of a man " ToTALL,v

UNFIT ANTi UNWORTHY TO SBRVE HIS MA.IliaiTY

ANY ATIL/TARY CAPACITY WHATEVER." Tile"
sent Administration". sent their Armament directly to
its obje&, under the controul of Officers recom-
mended no less by their experience than their cou-„.
rage; and the result of the two Expeditions was
naturally such as fully to justify the admirable obit
seryttitin of Col. SHIPLE.Y, that " posterity would
discover an extraordinary contrast between the'cond!.
dud of the late and present Administration !" It
is so repugnant to our feeling to enter into the 1111...
miliation of the Navy, that we shall not (though
"'posterity" certainly will) " contrast" the ineffi.:'
eent force that was entrusted to the brave Ducvi _
WORTH by the "late Administration," with/ the
comminding Fleet' given to Admiral' t3AMBIErt by
the c‘ present." Perhaps 'enough has been already
said to confirm the assertion of Col. SHIPI.kY : but
if any doubts• should yet remain, if any Sceptics of
any party should yet incline to question its accuracy,
we are perfes.tly prepared-to retm&the political mea'
sures of the last three years, and, by a fair and cap.,
did discussion. of each of them, to prove, beyond,
the possibility of cavil, that when ‘f they shall be
consigned' to the pap of biltary, posterity will dit'
cover an extraordinary contrast between the cenclat
of the late and present Administration !"

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY., Princesses All 4
ousTot, SoYtua, and AMEUA, accompanied by LOrdr.:
SOMERSET, Lady BUCKLEY, \Generals Gwycniii
GARTH, and FITZROY, and Colonel Tocou, rotl.o
on horseback for near two hours.

_ . .
The QUEEN, PrirlCCSheS ELIZABETH and MARY,
the Duke of CtimasaLA•ND, and Princess CH An LoTTli
of ‘VALES, took an airing to the Princess ELI z,113 ETke4
Cottage in
,pld Windsor i . after which dm Pritices3
CH XULOTTI: tits eft' for London:
. _

.
Mt . (IKtats-nao has %linen a letter II) the Chairman
of the Portugal Club, 'assuring him (for the informaa.
Lion of the Merchanta concetnad in thlt track), that
the Portuguese Minister lu written to hint, srarhig
that.his hest setvic;a. should 4e crnployed wish aid
Prince . Regent, that the. Poriugnese Government
should consider itself responsible to his Britanuia
Majesty's subjects for any losses that may have
taken place in consequence of the ass of the Portu4
.guese Government pre% it to, its emigration hi"
Lisbon, and partieulitrly for those sustained WIJ4
the.Degree_of ath November last.
FASHIONABLE ELOPEMENT:!--Wille IlDfOtHArlate°C"
correncie we alluded toyesterday, has excited more
stirprise in-the higher circles than any event of the
same kind that has happened for a long period, °ll,
the chaiaaer of the lady was so high in the esteen'
of all who kne'w her. The supposes' laatilitut is flat a
Mr. J. as first stated, but a baronet, the son of a di'.
tinguished Nobleman. There is too much Nasal;
to believe that 'the LW), had for
,gnine time resolvea
on the desperate course which she has adcipteds by
the arrangement she bad made, -and the cliades'iri*
removarof her -wardrobe, &c. She had Prof
vionsly.discharged her female attendant. the
'ant, it seems, called at the time -when tie vow'
husband was absent, and was admitted, and WI
soon of beans' the Lady walked out of the liOus®
together. tier absence was not .obs.;-rved till dinner,
when his Lordship began to ha uneasy, and after
sendnig to the house of hi wile's noble father, nial
not tittliina, her there, .he (11-xlo:zed his apprehensions
to the ~tiobletnatt who din-d with biln. [le ihimedi'
'ately consulted a great legal . nothorifY as -to the
propereourse to tie adopted. The retreatof the fa"
gitives has not been yet dkeovcred, thou gb all poo:'
ble Means have, been pursued. It is, hijwaver,
supposed that they babe not the metropolis.'
FAL:nov-I'p,. MAYt 19.—Arrived the Intel
1444
Gun-brig from Plymouth, with officers belonging
North
to the Hants Militia, which Regiment are ex-
Pedod to arrive here to-inorrow, Also arrived
the f,sther, of Jersey, late ASHPLEY Master, from
Caiditi,: with oats, bound to Jersey, taken yesterday
niartang by .the Plench Schooner Privateer Les .l.kuS
Freres, about 1-4. leagues W. Of. the Liiard,
whichlbad also etiptsird a Brazil Ship (Portuguese),
with cotton wool, -and Brig from "Swansea; Oa!
Litter the Privateer Betsy .was lett in chafe Of, 0.14
the AaipeßwiSe,Cutter, KINiMAN, in chase 91. La
Alex Freres ;. the above .Vessol was re-captured
the /Mire.. • • •
. Yesterday arrived off this Port Mit Majesty's ShiP
President, of 44 guns, and Serapis Suite-ship IraA
Torbay, with tin Sail under convoyfiir the Brazils.
&tiled the American Ship Ostigd, Capi.'PorLosi
for New /rot lc, having-on board-Mr. Pi NCKNfr,:Y
_Mr. LOUIS also several .American Passengers ;
ed. the Gallica. Willielmina for °Porto.
Ptxmou'ra, MAY 19.—ArriVed the Ponipee,
80 guns, and Shannon-Frigate, from the EA,' tvitrd•
Sailed the Diana Frigate on a crtliZO, 30t1 Old Cgo
sack Sloop of War to the Westward.
Passed by the. Virago Gun-brig from Portstuou' 11')
with a convoy for Ireland.
PORTSMOUTH; MAY goo—Arrived this day Oe
Dailington, RoutteSON ; Brixton, IshaaritiGALE
Roweliffe,'VEßEßT ; and Planter, Guittutts vb

a few► Csoas tes and -Colliers 6om the Dowi•
