MARINE INSURANCE.

The NOBLE LORD also presented a petition from the
merchants, shipowners, and other inhabitants of Liver-
pool, Members of the Marine Insurance Company,
praying that the duties on Marine Insurance might be
considerably reduced, as the present high rate of duty
drove a great number of insurances in this country
into the bands of foreign underwriters. If the
duty was reduced from five shillings to two
and sixpence, the petitioners considered that the effect
would be to bring back to this country an immense
quantity of insurance which was now done by foreigners.
The whole amount of the duty on marine insurances was
about 200,0001., 100,0001. of which might be well
spared when the great advantages which would accrue to
the country were taken into consideration.
Mr. COBBETT had a petition to present from Mr.
Soane. relative to a Bill now before the House, by which
Sir John Soane intended to give a Museum to the nation,
and which the nation intended to accept. He could assure
the House that the petition, which was from Sir John
Soane's son, merited the attention of the House.
Sir THOMAS FREMANTLE asked the Right
Hon. the Speaker if this petition referred to any pri-
vate Bill.
The SPEAKER said it did.
Mr. COBBETT then proceeded to read the petition,
but was again interrupted by
Sir THOMAS FREMANTLE, wbo said he saw no
necessity for reading it at length, as it could be referred to
the Committee sitting on the Bill.
Ths SPEAKER stated that the petition related to
busine-s for which the House had met to proceed with.
He was sure the Hon. Baronet would consider that as
much time bad been consumed in the in erruption as
would have been necessary to present the petition.
Mr. COBBETT then handed the petition to the Clerk.
It purported to be from George Soane, Eq., of Worth.
ing, in the county of Sussex, and prayed to be heard by
counsel against the Bill called Sir John Soane's Museum

The petition was referred to the Committee on the Bill.

Mr. PARKER presented a petition from the master,
cvai dens, and court of assistants of the Corporation of Cut-
lers in Sheffield, for the better observance of the Lord's
aty.

An HON. litEstßEß (name unknown) hail been re-
quested to support the prayer of the petition, which he did
most cordially, with this gratification, that he hoped in
any Bill that might be introduced, the rich and poorer
classes would be equally treated—(Hear)—and that
there should be no such interruption offered to the neces-
sary recreation of the poor, as would affect their health.
Sir CHARLES COOTE presented a petition from the
governor and officers of the Maryboroueh Gaol, praying
that officers in their situation might he placed on an equal
fuming with the officers of gaols in England, in regard to
retired all..cvances.

Mr. RYLE presented a petition from the borough of
Alacclesfi,-1,1, complaining of the great evils arising from
the beer shops. He hail also two other petitions to pre-
sent upon the same subject—one from the congregation of
Wesleyans of florseferry•road, Westminst, r, and the other
from the congregation of Great Queen's-street chapel,
Lincoln's Inn-field.. The Hon. Member then presented a
petition, numerously and respectably signet from the Pro-
testant Dissenters residing in the borough of M .cclesfield,
complaining of certain grievaneea which affected them.
Mr. BROCKLEHURST having been requested to give
his support to these petitions, he was happy to hear testi-
mony to the conduct of the manufacturers of that borough,
in their having adopted the plan of paying their workrn, n
on a Friday night, so .is to enable them to go to market
on Saturday, which added greatly to their comfort and
convenience. With regard to the other petitions, the
Dissenters had some reason to complain, particularly with
regard to the registration of baptisms. Great inconve-
nience was found wherever property was disposed of,
and they were at a less to have the registers propetly
kept. It was very desirable to have one system of regis-
tration both for the Dissenters and Members of the Church
of England.
Sir C. BURRELL could not help adverting to the
subject. He had had the honour of communicating with
a Noble Lord, a Member of his Majesty's Government,
who stated, that it the Beer Act was not altered, in five
years it would demoralize the whole popula, ion of the
country, and mike them a set of drunkards and
miscreants. The fact was, they went to these beer
houses, not for the sake of good beer, but of bad
company. He entirely agreed with that Noble Lord
in his opinion. A man more desirous of the general good
of the' people than that Noble Lord did not exist, and he
would say also that no prison was better acquainted with
the state of The country than that Noble Lord. He meant
the Lord Lieutenant for the county of Sussex, the Duke of
Richmond. He (Sir C. Burrell) had from the first
objected to this Beer Bill as a complete error in I gislation.
lie had been told, at the time the Bill was under discus-
sion, by an eminent brewer, that this Bill would never
answer, for lie said that it would fall into the hands of the
1 brewers, as there was the capital, and there was the mo-
nopoly. Since that time, he had been told by a gentle-
man, who came up flow the country the other day, that
the poor men in the neighbourhood of Reading were
enabled to brew good wholesome beer for the sum 01
4kri. per gallon, which was the same amount
they had to pay for a single quart at the beer houses. If
that did not speak as to the insufficiency of the Act, he
could not tell what did. What he argued at the time was
that some alteration in the malt tax would be beneficial.
Ha hail stated this to the Chancellor of the Exchequer of
that day ; but prejudiced as he was, and looking torward
to it as a means of increasing the revenue, his observations
were not attended to, and the consequence was demorali-
zation among the common people, and great injury to
their welfare.
Mr. ROBINSON stated that two men were executed
at Worcester for highway robbery, and they stated to the
chaplin that the commencement of their crimes hid been
owing to the frequenting of the beer shops. He would be
very happy to have the me,tsure reconsidered, and as so
many statements had been made from various Members,
and so many petitions from different parts of the country
presented, he was bound to believe that a change to a
very great extent was necessary.—(Hear.)
Mr. BULLER made a few observations which were
inaudible.
An HON. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn,
state d the Magistrates in his part of the country bad
granted licenses to five beer-houses. Immediately after
the Beer Bill passed, 72 beer-shops opened. It was
impossible, from the increased number of these houses, for
the officers and constables to have any sort of contiol over
them. He bad frequently been informed by publii ant,
that they were obliged, in order to secure custom, to
admit of gsntbling and every species of immorality in
their houses, which, prior to the passing of the Beer Act,
was on no account permitted. At the same time tie hoped
the House would bear in mind, whatever alterations they
might make in the present Beer Act, that it was passed
in order to get rid of a great evil, viz., the monopoly of
the hi ewers. —( Hear, hear. )
Mr. C. BARCLAY presented a petition from Cole-
ford, in the county of Gloucester, signed by upwards of
700 persons, praying for the immediate and total abolition
of negro slasery. Tile Hon. Member also presented a
petitieu from the Ministers and elders of a parish in con-
nection with the synod of Ulster, praying for the better
observance of the Sabbath.

An HoN. AIRMBER, in supporting the prayer of the
petition, observed it had received the signature of the poor
as well as the rich.

Mr. BROTHERTON presented a petition from the

Protestant Dissenters of Salford,'praying for a removal of
the grievances under which they laboured in the payment
of church rates. The hon. member considered that the
petitioners complained justly of this grievance, and trusted
that it would be removed. The hon. member was also in
hopes that the time was not far d.stant when all religious
distinctions would be removed, and equal privileges granted
to all his Majesty's subjects. The bon. member also pre-
sented a petition from Mr. Samuel Hunt, of the bo-
rough of Salford, praying for the repeal of the house
and window tax.—(Hear.) The honourable member also
presented a petition from the freeholders of a parish in
Cambridgeshire against the Irish Disturbances Bill.
Mr. GULLY supported the prayer of the petition; but
in consequence of the embarrassed manner and low tone in
which the Hon. Member spoke, it was impossible to
catch a single word of what he stated.

Another HON. MEMBER, and Mr. MARK PHILLIPS,
also supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. DUGDALE presented petitions from Colesworth,
Rugby, Meridon, Celeshill, and several other places, fir
the better observance of the Sabbath ; and from Packing-
ton, Sol hall, Meridon, Coleswortb, Co!refill, and several
other places, for the amendment of the B-er Act.
Mr. C. RUSSELL presented a petition ffom the mi-
nisters and congreg.tion of Dissenters, of Church•street,
Reading, against the punishment of death.
Mr. GREEN presented a petition from the ministers,
churchwardens, and other inhabitants of Bolton-on-the-
Sands, in the county of Lancas er, for the better obser-
vance of the Lord's Day. Also a petition front the pro-
prietors of sage coaches on the line of road iron
Liverpool to Manchester. They complained that, having
laid out a very large capital in establishing coaches on that
road, they had been greatly injured by the advantage
which a late Act of Parliament bad given to
coaches propelied by steam ; that, by that Act, steam
carriages were not liab'e to the mileage duty, or to
tolls, althituAh the petitioners were camp fled to
pay, though they might not have any pass ngers in their
coaches. They did not pray for any exclusive privilege,
but only that the two descriptions of stage carriages be
placed on an equal footing. He a'so presented a petition
from the master cotton-spinners of the town and neigh-
bourhood of Lancaster, pra)ing the House to grant a
cAnmission to take evidence relative to labour in cotton
factories, before the House proceeded with the Bill, of
which a Noble 1.o:A (Ashley) had given notice.
Mr. C. BURRELL said, the only fl..,ct of the Com-
mission would be to procrastinate the Bill. What he
should propose was, that the Bill be suffered to piss, say
for two, or even for one year, and in the meantime a
C mmission could be granted to make inquiries, in order
to ascertain whether the Bill should be continued for any
longer period. An eminent physician who had witnessed the
effects of the present system, hadigiven it as his opinion that
in cases where such a system were persisted in arid death
ensued, the parties enforcing that system were guilty of
murder. He hoped, therefore, that the Bill would not
be delayed for the sake of the commission.
Mr. M. PHILLIPS slid, if the Bill were to pass for
tw•o years, or even for one year, at the end of that time
the trace would be exported from this country and in the
hands of foreigners.

Lord ASHLEY assured the House, that great agitation
prevailed to t e manufacturing districts upon this suhject.
It was impossible the present system could allowed to
go on. He bad received various tetteis, asking him if he
intended to delay his 8,11. and accede to the motion for a
commis-ion. His answer was, that whenever that motion
was brought forward, he would resist it to the utmost.
Mr. W, PATTEN had been reluctantly obliged to de-
fer his motion for the Commission to issue on this subject ;
but he hoped most sincerely that the business of the House
would enable him to bring it forward (as we understood)
on Wednesday next.
Mr. R. POTTER repea.ed what he had said on a pre-
vious night, that if such a Bill were to pass into a law,
a blow would be inflicted on the cotton-trade, from
which, in his opinion, it never could recover.—( Hear. )
He had this morning received a letter stating that it
would occasion the immediate withdrawal of a large capi-
tal from that trade ; and no gentleman would ever think
t.f investing his maney in property of that kind when a
Bill like the present suhjected him to severe penalties.
Mr. HOWARD was anxious that inquiry on both
sides should precede legislation. Restiietions of a
very partial nature had hitherto been oxclusively di-
rected towards the cotton trade.—(Hear.) This Bill
was another instance of it. The Hon. Member then read
an extract from a letter which he had received from the
Messrs. Dixon, who carried on business en a large scale
at Carlisle and Manchester, in which it was stated that if
the present Bill passed it would drive manufacturers from
the healthy situations which they at present occupied in
the country to the city, where their situation would
not be at all so healthy for the employers. The
proposed measure would also add gready to the bur-
den of the poor's rates ; and the trade would be enabled to
cope with foreign competition.

Mr. FIELDEN made a few remarks in favour of the
N ble Lord's Bill, but from the very low tone in which
the Hon. Member addressed the House, it was impossible
to catch his observations in the gallery. The present
system was monstrous; in its effects; and even the adult
labourers were in favour of the proposed alterations in the
hours of labour in the factories.

Mr. OSWALD observed that many of his constituents,
the proprietors of large cotton manufactories in Glasgow,
had deputed him to state, that if the House passed the
Bill as it at present existed, without inquiry, justice could
nit t,e done. The evidence which had been given on the
subject threw an odium upon them which they would not
he able to remove without the appointment of a com-
mission or a committee. But if such a course was
adopted, they h id no doubt of being able to remove it.
Mr. BROTHERTON said that it was the cry when
the investigation took-iil Ice before, that legislation would
destroy the trade. Before legislation bad taken puree on
the subject, children were etnoloved 16 or 17 hours a day,
but since the interference of the legislature their labours
had been grettly ddninisheti, and the trade had increased
instead of diminished.

Lo:d MOLYNEUX rose to protest against the child-
murder accusation which bad been brought forward. He
trusted that the House would institute inquiries on the
subject, previous to proceeding further on the bill.
Mr. M. ATTWOOD said, that a Commission of In-
quiry would have the effect of materially procrastinating
the Bill. If there was no oppression on the Dart of the
cotton manufacturers, why should they be so sen-itive as
to the provisions of the Bill, and call so loudly for in-
quiry. The object of the Bill introduced by the Noble
Lord was to put an end to that oppression—Hear)—
and if no oppression existed, what had the manufacturers
to fear. la his opinion it was better that the manufac-
turers should lay under an unjust stigma, than that op-
pression should continue where it had been proved to exist.
Mr. WILKS presented petitions from the Dissenters
at Bath, Ashburton, and Ft ampton, in Cumberland,
praying for a removal of the different grievances under
which they laboured, particularly that of paying parochial
rates. The Hun. Member alp() presented a petition from
the Dissenter of Mallow, praying fur the total abolition
of slavery.
Mr. HOWARD had received a communication from
the petitioners, and while he bore testimony to their re-
spectability, he trusted the talents of the Noble Lord
would be enlisted in the cause of the petitioners. The
Dissenters were a very numerous body, and he did not
think they were hostile to the Church Establishment.
Two other MEMBERS (names unknown) supported the
prayer of toe petitioners, to whose respectability:they bore
testimony.

Mr. WILLIS next presented a petition from 1,216
Wesleyan Methodists of Huddersfield and its neighbour.
hood ; they expressed their j,.y at any reformation in the
Established Church which would increase i s usefulness.
They expressed no hostility whatever to that Church,
although they differed from the forms of it. They
however, prayed for a redress of the grievances under whieh
they laboured, especially those relating to the as►essinent
of their places worship to the church and poor of parisbe',
while they alone support their own chapels, &c., at their
own expense.
Sir Samuel Whalley was then introduced by Mr. Byng
and Mr. Pendarves, and took the oaths and his seat as
Mainlser lor the borough of Marylebone, in the room of
Mr Portman.—The House then adjourned until five o'clock.

Thursday last the Literary Polish Associa-
tion celebrated its seventh ordinary meeting. It was a
musical soir.e. Most of the music was Polish, or calcu-
lated to embody the fond emotions of patrtoti.m in vocal
and instrumental harmony. M. MactcJowsxt gave some
of the most impressive and the most characteristic speci.
mess of the national mazurkas and polonaises on the
violin; another Pole sung to the piano a soul-stirring
march, " Our Chlop cki." Mademoiselle Exxiar.iNG,
after the spirited " INumi the entesi mai," in which she
exhibited her vocal powers to great advantage, sung in
German the solemn " Monologue of Mary Stuart," by
ZUMsTEEG ; and concluded it with some stirtzas oh the
s,rightly Tyrolese air. An English lady charmed the coin-
pony with Lord B YRON's '°Farewell," set to music by
M. Scituta, senior. A considerable number of ladies of
high rank, accomplishment, and literary eminence, graced
the assembly. Among the gentlemen present were the
distinguished foreigners, the Prince ADAM CZARTORYsEI,
Louis BONAPARTE, nephew of N.tror.iros ; and the
venerable NtEmcewlcz, the Polish poet.

eItICE, OF •TUCKS ri-ii.
flank Stock
3per Cent. Red
Suer Cent Cons. ... ...... 87%%.,4
2% per Cent.... shut
Ditto Red shut
New 3% per Cent. 94%78%
3 per Cent Ann. 1720 ... -
4 per Cent. 186 ... -
Rank Long Ann to expire
Jan. 5, 186,1 shut
Oct. 10, 1859 shut
Jan. 5, 1860 l7
Jan. 5, 1880 -
Aprlls, 1980 -
Jan. 5, 1870 ----

IIAY A'l' t)r, • O'CI.OOK.

Sew 5 per Cent.
India Stock
(Ditto Bonds 30 pm.
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities
New Ditto 85%
3 per Cent. Ann. 1751 -
Ex. Bills, £l,OOO 47 48 pm.
Ditto 50e 47 48 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial ...... pm
Ditto Advertised
Bank for Account ... 208%79 8
India for Account
Cons. for April 12 87%14 .94 %

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds AFi►l
Belgian Bonds 8536
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds 62'4 2
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds 23 4
..

Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds .

Ditto Account

Ditto Bonds, 1824 173!
Ditto Account 17%
Danish Bonds -374 414

Ditto Account 74
(heck Bonds 34%
Ditto Bonds, 1825 :,...33 9 8%
Ditto Account
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent 31
Ditto Account 111,4
Ditto, it per cent ......
Ditto Account 37 7
Neapolitan.... 32

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Anglo Mex. Min. Co. tics. at 51. pm.) £lllO
Bolanoe Mining Compam £l5O
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) £2rl
Ditto National 17%
Ditto St. John Del Rey
Ditto Cocaes. .
British Iron Mining Company £5O
Columbian Mining Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) 491
English Mining Company l2
(;eneral 1,1 inine Association l2
Mexic ,n Mi ing Co
3,0 .let Mont.• Mining C 0....,
Tialpuxahua Mining Co 330
United -wiex 41in. 10. (iss. at 21. um.) 40
Ditto New Sct ip..
alliance Fire Insurance Comp lO
Protector Insurance Comp.
Australian Co.

23)4
4
15s.
204
10
28
84
S
294

l'A;
10►%
X 1 7 0
10%

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, MARCH 22
Bank Stock —lSt. i'atrick ln?ur.(per Share)

Consols, 3 Der cent
.lov. Stock, 344 per cent. 941 national Ditto 231,4
ditto, New 94% Patriotic Ditto —
I per Cent — Hibernian Bank
;ov. Deb. 3% percent.... 87% Proviticial Ditto —
Royal Canal Stock ......... Royal Irish Mine —
Grand Canal Stock l9 Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent — 'lining Co. of Ireland
k,ll,At ,ffjet. , Iph. 4n. , ',,rnrnercial rtinldings —

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, MARCH 2.3.—Five per Cents., 101 f. ;
25c. 35c. 40c. 50c. 40c 35c. ; Four and a Half per Cents., 99f. ;
Four per Cents., 931. ; Three per Cents., 78f. 30c. 40c.
45c. 50c. 45c. 40c. 30c. 25e. 20c. ; National Loan, 101 f. sc. ;
Bank Actions, 1,700 E ; Rente de Naples, 91f. 91f. loc.
15c. ; Roman Five per Cents., 87% 88 87% 88 87% % 88 87i ;
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 20 19% 20 1938 % % % 194
9; 14 19 19% 19 19% 19 ; Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents.,
45 44% 45 45% 45 45% 4544% 45 44% 45 ; Royal Spanish Loan,
88% 89 88% 74, 34 ; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, Five per
Cents., 70% 7171!8 to 71; Belgian Loan, 90% 14 90. Exchange
on London, one month, money, 25f. 75c.; three months, paper,
25f 65c.; money, 25f 60c.—Cows Authentique.

DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, MARCII 22.
Actual Debt, 2!4 per cent 454 to 461/2
Amort Syndic, 414 per cent 76% to 78
Ditto, ditto, 3.6 per cent 62% to 63%
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent lOll4 to 10134
Ditto, ditto, 18:32, 5 per cent 8414 to 85%
Ditto, ditto, 1833, 5 per cent 8434 to 8544
Exchange on London l2 12-05
Ditto, two months ll-95 11-97%
Dutch Papers, March 22.

ZOHRAB. THE HOSTAGE.
ATHIRD EDITION of this WORK,
revised and corrected, with illustrative Notes, now
first added,

By the Author of " Hajji Baba,"
Is in the press, and will be published forthwith.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.
(Succe.sor to Henry Colhurn.)
