for all. No pauper in this country was ever punished,
without having committed an offence.
Mr. HuNT—Supposing a man should be in such
litter destitution as not to have twopence to procure
a bed, and should lie himself down in a door-way or
a house carcass in London, that man any Magistrate
may send to the tread-mill for three months.
Mr. POWNTALL—Because he has broken the law !
Mr. HUNT—Yes ; he breaks the law, and that is
the law of England
The motion of thanks was then put, and carried
unanimously.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE—He had come there only to
mirk his undeviating attachment to the cause
which he had undertaken; and he could not express
the gratification and instruction that he had received
at the details that had been submitted to the Meet-
inea In his opinion, Mr. Pownall had understated
the grievances of the West Indian slave. The only
ground upon which the planters could ever have
stood for their defence, was that of the negroes not
behangirg to the human race—a ground that had
once been strenuously contended, but which was
now given up. In making the admission of
their claims, as men, however, the death-war-
rant of slavery had been sounded. He trusted
that he should be enabled to fulfil the predic-
tion of Mr. Hunt ; at all events, the will would
not be wanting.—(Hear.)—His heart bled for the
condition of the working classes of this country.
Their poverty prevented their obtaining the redress
of the law, unless the rich men would assist them ;
and their poverty threw them open to all the hor-
rors of the feudal barbarity of the Game Laws.
The effect of these things was to make them look
at the ar;stocracy as their natural enemies. But
because these things were so, was that any reason
why they should not attend to other grievances ?
(weer, hear.)—What they must do was, to strike a
blow where they could. Let it take place where it
would, it would be heard of all over the world ; if
this were not the case, all patriots and martyrs would
live in vain. It was tine that charity began at home,
but he trusted that it did not end there, and he
therefore did not see why they might not extend
their good wishes even to the West Indies. No-
body knew better than Mr. Hunt the way in which
the House of Commons was constituted.—(A
laugh.)—There flora. Gentlemen (for they were all
honourable men") had an instinctive love for
abuses; and they were wise, for if abuses were re-
medied in one place, there was no knowing how
soon they might be remedied in another; and, there-
fore, if slavery was got rid of, law might be the next
thing attacked ; and amongst the first to go would
be the vile, barbarous, and accursed Game Laws. If
he had gained his motion last Session, he would only
have been handed over to a Committee, who would
Lave made a job of years of it in sifting the contradic-
tory evidence that would have been adduced; for what
the planters wanted was delay, while their duty was
to urge the matter forward with all their power. If
slavery in the \Vest Indies was abolished, the poor
man of this country would at least gain this, that
not so much would be taken from him in taxes to
to support the system there.—(Hear, hear.)—To
talk of Christianity in the West Indies was a mere
moehery, for if the negroes were admitted to
Christianity, they would with their Bible learn their
rights as men, and break their chains on the heads of
their owners. As long as the question was entrusted
to him,—its long as his advocacy would be of use
towards removing the stain which disgraced Eng-
land—as long as he could be instrumental in knock-
ing off one -linkof the great and complex chain—
they might rely upon his services; if one more
worthy to conduct so great a cause should present
himself, he would be quite ready to resign it into
his hands, but not till he was quite sure that the in-
tention was honest, and that there was no design for
snaking it a stepping-stone in the trimmings of
Government.—(Applause.)
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, who
acknowledged the same ; and the Meeting separated
at half-past three.
