CELEBRATION of his MAJESTY'S MTH-

DAY AT ENNISKILLEN.

(Front the Erne Packet. )
The birth of our most gracious Sovereign was
celebrated here on Monday, by an assemblage of all
the Orange Lodges in. the county. Having formed
on the fair green, they walked in procession through
the main street and back. There were 134 flags,
and on a moderate computation about 4,000 persons
in the train. They were accompanied by several of

the gentlemen of the county, some on horseback, and
others in their carriages. On their return to the
green they were addressed by Edward Archdall,
William D'Arcy Irvine, and James King, Esqrs.
Mr. AnclloALL was understood to exhort them to
peaceable good conduct, and concluded by proposing
that Sir H. Brooke, Bart. Rev. John Richardson
Young, Fotliott Barton, and Douglas Johnstone,
Esqrs., be appointed a Committee to frame an
humble and congratulatory address to his Majesty,
on the anniversary of his birthday.
Wm. D'ARCY IRVINE, Esq. seconded the motion.
When Mr. IRVINE had concluded, a person from
the crowd, whose name we understand to be Orr,
mounted on the back of Sir Henry Brooke's carriage,
and commenced a furious philippic against one of
our county representatives, Lord Corry. Why not,
he said, return Sir Henry Brooke, a man of known
loyalty and of great landed property in the county,
who, at the last Protestant meeting. in this town,
came forward with our Protestant petition, and who
had been assailed by that most -- rascal, Dan
O'Connell ! !!

In the evening about sixty Gentlemen sat down
to a sumptuous dinner at the Town Hall. Edward
Archdall, Esq. presided, and William D'Arcy Irvine,
Esq., acted as Vice-President. After the cloth had
been removed, the Chairman read the Address, and
proposed the health of--
" The King and long may he adhere to the prin-
ciples that placed his family on the throne." Drunk
with three times three, and great applause.
The next toast, Gentlemen, which I shall . pro-
pose is the Charter toast, which I feel myself unable
to announce with the honour due to it, but to which

I am sure our young friend on the left of the Vice
President will 'do ample justice.
Here Master Irvine, eldest son of Mr.W. D'Arey
Irvine, a fine boy of about ten years old, rose and
announced with great emphasis and energy—
" The glorious, pious, and immortal memory of
the great and good King William, who saved us
from Popery, slavery, wooden shoes,and brass money."
—May he that would not drink it off in a full bumper,
be rammed, crammed, &c. &c. &c.—Great cheering.
Mr. KING then rose and said, he hoped he would
not be considered out of order in proposinr, the
health of Mr. Henry I zinc, the very fine lad who
had just given them, in such a spirited manner, the
last toast. Young Mr. Irvine's health was then
drunk with unbounded applause.
Master IRVINE then rose, and with great self-
possession said—Gentlemen, I feel most sensibly
the high honour conferred on me by being taken
notice of by so highly respectable a meeting ; but,
Gentlemen, when I observe the manner in which
you have drunk the health of so young and so
humble an individual, I feel the compliment doubly.
Gentlemen, I shall sit down, returning you my
most sincere thanks, and assuring you that at ail
times I shall be willing to give and to drink this our
charter toast.

The CHAIRMAN then begged to propose a toast,
which he did with peculiar satisfaction, from the
noble display they had that day witnessed, and then
gave,—
" The Orangemen of Ireland." Drunk with
bursts of applause.
Mr. W. D. InvlNl begged to observe that it was
the wish of several most respectable persons that a
Club, to be denominated a CONSTITUTIONAL CLUB,
should-be immediately formed here.
A paper was then handed round for the purpose
of being signed by midi gentlemen as wished to be-
come members of the " Constitutional Club."
" Our worthy Vice-President."—Drunk with un-
bounded applause.

Mr. D'Aitcv IRVINE rose and said—Gentlemen,
we have been most falsely branded by some as the
disturbers of the public peace; I fearlessly assert,
that those very persons who designate us, are them-
selves the real disturbers of the peace. Ido net
hesitate to name Lord Plunkett, Mr. Brougham,
and others of the kind, as the persons to whom I
allude, who, by holding out hopes to our Roman
Catholic countrymen, which they neither wish or
mean should be realized, have led to the confusion
in which the country is involved.
Several other appropriate toasts were drunk, and
after an evening spent in the greatest harmony, the
company separated about 12 o'clock.
