THE DINNER

Was laid out in the large factory belonging to Mr. Lead-
better, a Quaker. At six o'clock dinner was laid, and upwards
of 300 persons sat down. The chair was filled by Mr. Lalor,
the late Member for the county ; on his left was their guest,
and on his right sat Lord Galmoy. John Robinson Price,
Esq., filled the Vice-Chair. When the cloth was drawn, and
the usual loyal toasts drank,
The CHAIRMAN, after a glowing eulogiu
illustrious
Mr. O'Con-
nell, concluded by giving the health of their guest—
" The Liberator of Ireland."
Mr. O'CoNNELL rose and said—lt is a week since I came
out of Kerry, and I had not time or opportunity to see half
the abuse I got, but I am told now that the Orange news-
papers have no name for me but that monster, O'Connell.
From the frantic Londonderry, down to the lowest Orange-
man, I am the constant topic of abuse. Well, you see, I am
thriving on it—(laughter)—indeed I am glad of it, for it
shows that they have some apprehension of me—they hold
up my name to frighten the Orangemen, as nurtes frighten
children with raw head and bloody bones.—(Langliter.) I
have been some months among my native mountains, and it is
only a week ago I began agitation in the new, and I think I
have lived a quarter of a century in that week.—( Hear.) I
have seen more unanimity amongst the people than ever I saw
before, and I have seen that there is more likelihood of the
good and virtuous part of the aristot•racy being united with the
people than ever there was before ; and this is a cheering
prospect. Nhe brutal ferocity of the Tory faction of Eng-
land has been of late equal even to that of Ireland. I do not
say this on light grounds. Look at the newspapers that arc
their organs and mouthpieces, and sec the daily aspirations for
more blood that are put forward in them. They call the exem-
plary clergy of the people surpliced ruffians; they do every thing
to insult the people, and to urge them to retaliation. The
Standard has gone the horrible length of exulting over the
butchery of the widow's son, and expressing regret there were not
more victims. This is no imagination of mine, and although such
infernal aspirations could only be supposed to belong to the
fiends of hell, yet it is true that beings in the shape of men
have given utterance to them.—(Cheers.) The Orangemen
of Scotland are almost equally bad ; but, thank God, there
are very few of them amongst the honest people of that coun-
try. You could lock them all in a closet ; and, few as they
are, they will soon be less.—( Laughter.) Do I exaggerate
anything about the Orangemen ? I state nothing but the lite-
ral fact. But we despise the threats of Orangemen. The
great Duke of Wellington said at one time that it was by the
sword that Ireland should be maintained ; but after all his
boasting of sword and truncheon he was compelled to grant
Emancipation.—( Cheers. ) We have a certain protection in
his Majesty's Government, and it is equally admitted that it is
a beneficent Government, not doing, to be sure, all the good
that is necessary, but doing, at least, all that is in its power
to do. I have called on the people to stand by the King's
Government, they will do so, and I am sure they will not have
reason to regret it. As my. friend, your Chairman, said,
much is to be done, and as long as a single grievance remains
unredressed, I am a sworn agitator.—(Cheers.) I am going
to ask justice from England for Ireland. I'll tell them that
we are their friends, the frieads of order and good govern-
ment, and the friends of that connection by which the two
countries are united. tell them to do us justice, and
we will give up our object of Repeal.—( Cries of " Yes,
do")—but I'll tell them, also, that if they do not, I'll fall
back upon seven millions of my countrymen, and demand le-
gislative independence. I have been authorized by the people
of Connaught to say the same, and I'll say it in as genteel
and delicate a manner as a dandy would express himself at a tea
party ; but if I am thrown overboard, I have my resource. I do
not utter this by way of threat—no such thing ; all want is
equal justice for Ireland, and every one will allow that is a
very reasonable demand. We want to have the corporations
cleansod—to have an end to packed juries and Orange sheriff's
—to have the beneh what it ought tobc—tohave a dozen of
straightforward honest men, like Louis Perrin. We want to
have the magisterial bench purified—to send from it partisans
and clerical magistrates of every denomination. We must turn
out the tag-rag and bobtail of the city of Dublin corporation.
I will say you have given Corporate Reform to Scotland and
England, and will you refuse it to us ? They cannot refuse
us. We will get rid of tithes, which have been the source of
so much strife and bloodshed in Ireland. England and Scot-
land demand a reform of the House of Lords—lreland will
join, and we cannot be refused.—( Hear.) I wish to join the
people wish the aristocracy, and not to set them against them.
It has been trumpetted forth by the Orange press that the Mi-
nisters have coalesced with me, and the chief crime atta ibuted
to them is that they support my measures. I will say,
once for all, that all this is otally unfounded. The Go-
vernment has
j not coaleseed with me ; but I have coalesced
with them, simply because they have showd a determitia-
tioa to do justice at length to my unfortunate country.
_(Loud cheers.) Nay, what is more, it is very probable
whobut wouldw h
at
that
t meththere
p earrseo nma 1:sel rt
°of° tnt ee
in' Pets ea
Go
disrespectvernm e n t;
care I for that as long as they are inclined to do justice to Ire-
land.—( Cheers ) From my earliest days I have been think-
ing of the modes of redress for Ireland, I said, when I was
young, that I would devote my name to the interests of Ire-
land, and I renew the vow that every fnture year of my life
shall be devoted to her cause. —( Cheers.) It is said that po-
pularity is fleeting, nd that the idol of to-day is but the victim

of to- morrow. I utterly deny this; I never knew any man to
lose popularity who was deserving of it ; those who lost it, al-
ways deserted the people ; nay more, popularity has often re-
mained w hen the object of it became unworty, the people hoping
that some good qualities of the past would again spring into
action, and that the person who had forfeited the confidence of
the people would become again worthy of having that confi-
dence replaced, and that when the cloud ceased to obscure,
they would again receive him into the sunshine of fame. Per-
haps we may not get all we want at once, but I'll take what-
ever instalment I get, and demand the remaining twenty
shillings in the pound the more boldly for having got the in-
stalment. I will conclue by giving " The health of my friend
Lalor, long life to him, and may every wish of his heart be
gratified. "
The toast was enthusiastically received.
Mr. LILOR rose and returned thanks in a very able manner,

A PA nsos AND writEns.—The duce islands in the Atlantic,
off the Bay of Galway, known as the Isles of Arran, arc the
property of the Rev. Mr. Digby, an old Protestant clergyman
in the county of Kildare, who receives 2,500/. a year out of
them. His agent, Mr. George Thompson, who holds a situa-
tion in the Treasury, Dublin Castle, generally visits those
rocky islands (we might almost literally call them three rocks,
as the soil is not, in general, above two or three inches deep,
and that frequently laid on the bare stone from pits of clay and
gravel, found here and there an.idst the rocks)—goes down
there for a few days in summer to receive the arrears. The
winter gales are picked up by two sparrow-hawks whom he
keeps constantly on the islands. Some years ago the poor
people made the rents by burning kelp, but that article is now
of so little value, that it would not pay for saving it. At pre-
sent the principal resource of the islanders is the fishery, and,
for want of harbours, proper boats, and fishing-tackle, that is
exceedingly precarious. _

For the last four years there is not a single lease on the
islands. The tenures are not even annual. They arc ALL
tenants at will, or by sufferance, yet there are not better-paid
rents in the empire than those of the Rev. Mr. Digby, in
Arran. The population, amounting to near 3,000 souls, is
exclusively Roman Catholic—there is not a single Protestant
on the islands.

Some months ago, the parish priest, the Rev. Michael Gib-
bous, applied to the Board of Education for assistance to
build four school houses, which was immediately promised, on
condition of Lis obtaining leases of proper sites from the land-
lord. He accordingly applied to the agent, Mr. George
Thompson, of the Dublin Treasury, who replied that he
should take three weeks to consult the Rev. Mr. Digby. The
time elapsed, and the Rev. Mr. Gibbons having received no
satisfactory promise from Mr. Thompson, came up to town
specially on the subject. Mr. Thompson said a great dee: to
him about " the difference between volt, Catholics, and Us,
Protestants," as to the system of education pursued under the
Board of Education, and finally told him that, on the part of
Mr. Digby, he was not disposed to grant any lease to such a
Board ! ! Well, then, said the Rev. Mr.' Gibbons, build the
school-houses yourself, and we'll be equally obliged to you.
Oh, replied Money-bags, Rome was not built in a day; we'll
build ONE first, and then we'll see what's to be done. We
cannot conclude this narrative without adding, that this un-.
derling of the Castle, who knows how to multiply his monk.%
as shrewdly as any Jew at the Stock Exchange, actually 're-
quested the priest to bring him the new cheap edition QL the
Douay Bible, in order to assist his decision. " I ty.n most
anxious," replied Mr. Gibbons, "to give you every sPAisfaction,
but I cannot help observing that it would be better to teach the
poor people to spell and read first, before you trouble yourself
about the particular version of the Scriptures to put into the
hands of a community exclusively Catholic."—Dublin Freeman.
THE MARQUIS OF CLANRICARDE.—We received an im-
portant communication from Portumna, relative to the conduct
of the Noble Marquis, in his ultra-zealous endeavours tofaci-
litute the collection of the blood-stained impost. We are
sorry we cannot allude farther to his extraordinary conduct at
present ; we may have something to say on this subject in
oLur next. For the present we will only say that the whole of
Me King's troops, with the peerage, the parsons, and the
police at their head, would fail to collect tithes from an indig-
nant and long-insulted nation. Would they not rationally ask,
will not the blood of our brothers have been spilt in vain, if
we tamely submit to this brand of degradation ?—Freeman.
OUTRAGE AND MURDER.—On Thursday a woman named
Mary Mullowney, from the barony of Iverk, in the county
Kilkenny, attended the funeral of one of her neighbours, who
was interred at Tramore on that day ; on returning home in
the evening, accompanied by four men—also her neighbours—
they tied a handkerchief tightly round her neck, to prevent
her crying out, and then violated her person. The wretched
woman was found dead next morning between the forge on
the Tramore road, and the turn to Drumcannon church-yard I
The wretched and truly unfortunate woman was, no doubt,
strangled by those demons in human shape, after effecting
their wicked purpose, in order, if possible, to evade the con-
sequences of their hellish deed. We are happy to announce
that they will be disappointed, as, we understand, all the
guilty wretches are known.— Waterford Chronicle.
ANTI-TITHE MEETING.—For a number of years the parishes
of Rathvilley. Baltinglass, and Hackestown have advanced to-
gether in the march of reform, and set a praiseworthy example
to the surrounding districts, which will not be lost on them.
A Meeting was held last week for the purpose of accomplishing
a three-fold-object—first, to petition against the blood money
_secondly, to protest against the tyrannical treatment of
Orange landlords to their poor tenantry—and thirdly, to pro-
mote the O'Connell tribute. The excellent speech of the
Rev. Mr. Lawlor will be read with delight by all good Irish-
men. Had every county such independent and spirited souls
as Wicklow, Ireland would not be, as she has been, and is, a
land of slavery.

TITHES.-CORK COUNTY MEETING.—It is now generally
understood that, where the Composition is in arrear a-year and
a half, the Courts of Equity are empowered, under Stanley's
Act, to place a Receiver on the Landlords' estate. Several
applications of that description have been made, both in the
Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, and have been
uniformly successful. Under circumstances of such serious
pressure and embarrassment, the Tory and Conservative gentry
have been naturally driven into a general consult and delibera-
tion as to the most expedient course for their adoption. A
County Meeting, held under the presidency of the High
Sheriff, has suggested itself as the usual and proper mode of
ascertaining the general opinion, and of taking such steps as
shall be considered most advisable. Most of the principal and
leading gentry concur in the propriety of such a Meeting
being held. We understand, however, that there are a few--
very few large dissentients. We have heard that one very ex-
tensive landed proprietor, who holds lay tithes to a considera-
ble amount demurs. The highly respectable gentleman re-
ferred to, cannot, however, when he gives the subject due con-
sideration, entertain any doubt that Parliament will provide for
the security of that kind of property."— Cork Reporter.
The Lord Lieutenant has declined to confirm the appoint-
ments of Justices of Peace recommended by Lord Lieutenants
in all cases where they are connected with Orange Societies,
and do not give up that connexion.
The quarterly assembly of the Dublin Corporation was held
on Friday last.
