~\

defence in his power. There will he some hot work yet
before Lor,l Palmerston's coup de main is carried into
execution.

We hear very little of Sebastiani's corps ; it appears
that he got the worst of it with the Dutch frigates; at all
events he makes little or no progress. This afternoon the
son of General Albert brought despatches from him to the
Marshal. Instantly it was reported, and found its way
into the different papers, that Sebastiani had advanced.
My information is quite the contrary ; and I am respect-
Wily informed that the despatches were any thing but sa-
tisfactory. Sebastiani is not accustomed to fight in bogs,
and to cross fields inundated with two or three feet of
water. His recruits from the South are not able to stand
the climate of the FlanderS, and what from water and
sickness his situation is any thing but enviable.
BERCHEM, Head-quarters.

SATURDAY, I O'CLOCK.

Marshal Gerard has decided on abandoning the attack
of the Lunette St. Laurent from the front ; be intends
making use of the batteries close to Fort Montebello. He
complains lie loses too many men.
The French have had one of their heavy pieces dis-
mounted by a bomb from the citadel.
It is reported that the neutrality of Antwerp will be
compromised in consequence of Gerard's determination to
fire from the counterscarp near Fort Montebello. A great
many wounded have been taken from the trenches.

The King gave a dinner yesterday at Antwerp.
It is reported that Leopold narrowly escaped being
killed yesterday in the trenches. He was accompanied
by the Duke of Orleans, and a French Ind Belgian officer.
A bomb fell, and burst within 20 paces of the King.
Up to the present hour, nothing decisive. The follow.
ing Order of the Diy has been published by General St.
Cyr Nugues

" ORDER OF THE DAY.

" General Head-quarters, Dec. 4.

" The Commander-in-Chief has been impatiently wait-
ing to express to the army lis high satisfaction at their
excellent disposition and good conduct.

" Appointed by order of Government to take the field
in support of a friendly nation which has on its side right
and justice, the army his reached its destination by rapid
marches, and in the best order, calling forth everywhere
on its march admiration for its order and discipline. In
the positions which it occupies it has justifiel whit might
with reason be expected from it. The troops placed 1:e-
-fore the citadel of Antwerp have displayed a courage and
zeal worthy of admiration.

" On the opening of the trenches on the night of the
29th and 30th of November the engineers have with skill
and vigour taken advantage of the means at their disposal
fur the formation of an extensive parallel, since enlarged
and completed under the direction of officers of engineers
and miners, who have every where given examples to the
soldiers.

" Colonel Lafaille, since the first night, has placed
every where sentinels in front of the parallel; and since, in
the operations of successive nights and days, has shown
his zeal and intelligence. The success of the operations
will depend in a great measure on these fortunate com-
mencements. By unheard-of efforts, and by a rapidity
which the weather did not allow us to expect, the artl-
lery has been conveyed, disembarked, transported, and set
in its place its immense materiel. It has erected, armed,
and provisioned its batteries against the front of the as-
sault ; the cannoniers have exce,ded themselves, and have
made up for numbers by an indefatigable zeal.
" The infantry has taken a share of all the labours; it
has supported the privations, bad weather, and bivouacs.
The soldiers have shown a gayety, firmness, and devoted-
ness, which the Commander-in-Chief cannot sufficiently
praise ; they have sometimes doubled and trebled the
service of the trenches, and have not for an instant been
discouraged.
" The Marshal informs them with pleasure that the
moment is arrived when they will receive the recompense
of their toil. The fire against the citadel has com-
menced ; the attack will be urged without intermission,
and with regularity.

" Success will be our reward.
" The Chief of the Staff,
(Signed) " ST. CYR NUGUES."

GENERAL ELECTION.

MEMBERS RETURNED.

CIRENCESTER.—Mr. CrippS and Lord Apsley.
ARUNDEL.—Lord Dudley C. Stuart.

BEADING.

The election of two Burgesses to serve in the new Par.

liament for this borough took place this morning, in the
Town-hall. J. L. Dewe, Esq., Mayor and Returning-
officer, was supported on either side by several of the Al-
dermen, the candidates, and their friends.

Mr. MONK proposed Charles Fyslie Palmer, E.g., as
a fit and proper person to represent this borough.
Mr. Monnis seconded the proposition.
Mr. PALMER. then rose amid vehement and general
acclamation. Upon the subject of negro slavery, he re-
firred them to his address published sixteen years ago, in
which he distinctly declared his opinion of the necessity
of abolishing the system ; his sentiments upon that ques-

tion were yet unchanged, and whenever it should be
brought before Parliament, it should receive his cordial
support. The Honourable Candidate's allusions to the
subjects of the tithes, municipal corporations, trienni
Parliaments, &c. (which, for want of time and space,
we regret we are unable to give), were marked with the
most enthusiastic indications of approval ; and when Le
eat down, the hall rang with the plaudits of the assembly.
Mr. HENRY SIMONDS proposed Charles Russell, Esq.
Mr. QUELCH seconded the nomination.

Mr. RUSSELL, upon rising, was also received with rap-
turous applause. He expressed his decided conviction of
the necessity of a reform in the Church, and of a revision
of the corn laws. With respect to the Charter of the
East India Company, the trade had been in some measure
thrown open a few years ago, which was followed by the
most beneficial results; and he should give his hearty
support to any measure for the further extension and free-
dom of the trade; though he thought the opening of
this trade required two or three precautions, which lie
detailed; he was averse to all monopolies—he was not,
nor would he ever become, an advocate of the East India
Company. He was an enemy to negro slavery, and would
declare, in their presence, and in the face of the whole
country, that he would promote, by every means in his
power, its abolition at the earliest possible period ; he
thought, however, such an end could only be effectually
pursued by giving a consideration to the interest of the
planter at the same time that consideration was given to
the condition of the save. The Ron. Gentleman pro-
mised to promote also a reduction of the public expendi-
ture, and the abolition of undeserved sinecures and pen-
sions..--(Immense cheering.)

Some questions were afterwards put to Mr. Russell by
the Rev. Mr. Douglas, respecting a more positive expla-
nation of his sentiments upon colonial slavery; and also
by Mr. Gilchrist on the subject of triennial Parliatnents,
and Mr. B. Champion on the necessity of a reform of
municipal corporations ; the answers to which being
somewhat reluctantly given, and in effect rather evasive
than definite, caused iltnptorns of disapprobation to be
manifested amoi.g some of the electors, which eventually
increased to such an uproar that no speaker could be heard.
No other candidate being proposed, the Mayor called
for a show of hands : all were held up for Mr. Palmer
and Mr. Russell respectively, and none against. His
'Worship then declared them duly elected. —Readii, g
Mercury, Saturday.

NEIVCASTLE-ON-TYNE ELECTION.
(FRO3I OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
Newcastle, half-past 8 o'clock, Saturday Night, Dec. 8.

There is to be a contest for the representation of the town
of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Charles Attwood, Esq., of Whick-
ham, is the third candidate ; he is this moment addressing
the electors at the Eldon Arms, in Blackett-street, in explana-
tion of his political sentiments. He is a thorough and cora-
plete Reformer, both in Church and State, and an advocate for
the mode of election by ballot. One of the present Members
(Mr. Hodgson), is a declared enemy of the ballot ; the other
presentW.elatirdate Ridley),
is also supposed to be hostile to it. The
are decidedly that Mr. Attwood will be one
of the Representatives of Newcastle, whoever may be the other.
The election is fixed for Tuesday next, the 11th of Dec.
