COURT CIRCULAR.

Their Majesties entertained the Duke and Duchess of Cumber-
land, the Landgraa ine of Hesse Homburg, the Princess Augusta,
and a select party at dinner, on Thursday evening, at the l'alace
of St. James's. Prince George of Cumberland joined the Royal
party in the evening.
The Duke and Duchess of (timberland, the Landgravina of
Hesse Hombvrgy tlit, Duchess of Gloucester, the Princess
Augu stay the Princess Sophia, and the Princess Sophia Matilda,
p4ld visits yesterday to the Queen. Their Royal Highnesses par-
took of a dejeune with their Majesties.
Earl Grey, the Duke of Devonshire, and the Duke of Gordon,
had audiences yesterday of the King.
The King and Queen left town a quarter before five o'clock
yesterday afternoon in a travelling chariot and four, with out-
riders, escorted by a party of Lancers, for the Palace at WinMor.
Prince George of Cambridge and the Ladies in Waiting on the
Queen followed in a second carriage and four.
His Majesty will give grand dinners at the Palace at St. James's
on the 21st and tr;th inst. The latter dinner is to the Bishops,
Irish as well as English.
The Duchess of Cumberland, attended by Miss Cooper, visited
the Duchess of Kent and the Princess Sophia on Thursday, at
the King's Palace at Kensington.
A numerous deputation of noblemen and gentlemen connected
with the West India interest, including the agents for the
colonies, had a long conference yesterday with Earl Grey and
Viscount Goderich, the Secretary of State for the Colonies.
The deputation was composed of the Marquis of Chandos, Earl of
Harewood, Viscount St. Vincent, Lord Saltoun, Lord Rolle,
Lord Seaford, Lord William Pawlett ; Members of Parliament,
Sir E. Hyde East, Sir A. Grant, Sir J. Reid, M. Shawe Stewart;
Messrs. Irving, Stewart, Bernal], Arcedeckne, Marrvatt, Baillie,
Malcolm, Hart Davis, Burge, D. Lyon, W. Lyon, Hon. Edward
Cust Dottin ; also Sir William Windham balling, Mr. Colville,
Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Anthony Browne, Mr. Mayers, Hon. A.
Frances, and Mr. Colquhoun.
Viscount Howick, one of the Under Secretaries of State for the
Colonies, assisted at the conference, which lasted upwards of an
hour.

Summonses were issued yesterday to the Cabinet Ministers to
attend a Cabinet Council, which was appointed to be held at a
late hour last night.
The Russian Ambassador was occupied a considerable time
yesterday afternoon with Viscount Palmerston at the Foreign
Office.

PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.

POPULATION, ENGLAND.

RETURN, from the Population Returns of IS of the POPU-
LATION of the under-mentioned Places, not now returning
MEMBERS to PARLIAMENT; distinguishing the Num-
bers in respect of the Borough, and of the Parishes and Town_
Chips or Hamlets in each Place.
Population.
Brighthe'mstone Parish "4 429
Bolton-le-Moor :
Township of Great Bolton - .2,037
Chapelry of Little Bolton 9,258
-31,4295
--• • • -- • •

Blackburn Parish 53,350
Bradford (Yorkshire) Parish 52,954
Cheltenham Pat ish 13,396
Dudley Parish 18,211
Frome Selwood Parish 12,411
Gateshead I'arish 11,767
Huddersfield Parish .4 .2.0
Kidderminster Town 10,709
The entire Parish contains 15,296
Kirkby Kendal Town 8,981
Macclesfield Town 17,716
Stockport Township '21,726
The entire Parish of Stockport contains 44,957
South l fuel Is Chapelry ....8,885
West( e „„.,. Township...7,6lB
-16,503
Tynemouth Parish 24,820
The Parish of Tynemouth includes the Town-
ship of North Shield.
Whitehaven. Town 12,408
Workington Parish
Harrington Parish 1,815
--21,471

.Whitehaven is a Township in the Pari,h
of St. Bees. _ .

Walsall Parish 5,504
Walsall Foreign Township...6,4lo
11,914
S M. PHILLIPPS.

%Vhitehall, April 11, 1831

POPULATION (SCOTLAND) BURGHS.
CORRECT RETURN OF THE POPULATION OF
EACH CITY and ROYAL BURGH in SCOTLAND, having
a VOTE in the ELECTION of a MEMBER of PARLIA-
MENT ; as also of the towns of PAISLEY and GREENOCK,
from the Population Returns of IS VI ; distinguishing in each
case whether the population given be that of the Burgh or
Town exclusively, or of the Burgh or Town and Parish toge-
ther ;—A like Return of the Population of the Parishes in
which the Suburbs of the Burgh of PERTH arc situated, in-
cluding that of BRIDGEND ; and distinguishing, as far as
possible, the Population of such Suburbs from that of the rest
of such Parishes.
N.B. The Cities and Burghs sharing together in the Return of
a Member are placed between brackets.
{Aberdeen, Burgh and Parish 26,48-I
Inverbervie, ditto 1,092
Aberbrothock, 0 ditto 5,81;
Montrose ditto 10,338
Brechin ditto 5,906
* Including the town part of the parish of St. Vigeans,
Aherbrothock contains 8,972 inhabitants.

(Ayr, Burgh and Parish 7,455
Irvine, ditto 7,007
Ilothsay, Burgh
Campbeltown, Burgh 11,445
Parish 2,571
9,01e1
llnverary, Burgh and Parish 1,137
(Trail, ditto
I Kilrenn), ditto 1,494
Anstruther, East, ditto 1,090
1
1 Anstruther,West, ditto 429
IPittenweem, ditto 1,200
1 Dumfries, Burgh and Parish , 11,052
Sanquhar, Burgh 1,357
- Parish 963
Wanlockhead, Town 706
--- 3,826

Annan, Burgh and Parish 4,196
Lochrnaben, ditto 2,651
Kirkcudbright, Burgh 2,595
-- Parish 782
-- 3,377

'Dysart, Burgh and Parish 6,529
Kirkaldy, ditto 4,452
Kinghorn, ditto 2,443
Burntisland, ditto 2,138
Edinburgh, City (ancient and extended Royalty) 1:38,235
'Elgin, Burgh and Parish 5,308
Cullen, ditto 1,452..
Banff, ditto 3,855
Inverary, Burgh 735
- Parish 394
- 1,129

Kintore, Burgh 312
-- Parish 745
-. 1,057

'Forfar, Burgh and Parish h,Bs/7
Perth, Burgh 19,068
Dundee, Burgh and Parish 30,575
Cupar, ditto 5,892
St. Andrew's, ditto 4,8519
*Fortrose not stated.
Inverness, Burgh and Parish 12,264
Nairn, ditto, 3,328
,Forres, ditto 3,540

'Glasgow, City and Suburbs 147,043
Renfrew, Burgh and Parish 2,646
Rutherglen, Burgh 4,091
••-•• Parish . 849
- 4,640
Dumbarton, Burgh and Parish 3,491
'Haddington, Burgh and Parish b,255
Dunbar, ditto 5,272
North Berwick, ditto 1,694
Lauder, ditto 1,845
..Jedburgh, ditto 5,251
'lnverkeithing, Burgh and Parish 2,512
Dumferrnline, ditto
Queensferry, ditto 690
Culross, ditto 4434
,Stirling. ditto 7,113
. Stirling parish is partly in the Shire of Clackmannan ;
the entire parish contains 7,314 inhabitants.
rKirkwall, Burgh 2,212
Wick, Burgh and Parish 6,713
Dingwall, ditto '2,031
Dornoch, Burgh 630
[ - Parish 2,4.70
3,100
Tain, Burgh and Parish ,,i stii
... . __ .-

Selkirk, Burgh and Parish {
Peebles, ditto 2,
• 701
Linlithgow, ditto 4,69'2
Lanark ditto 7,065
{
Wigton, Burgh and Parish 2,04'2
Stranraer, ditto 2,463
New Galloway not stated.
Whitehorn, Burgh and Parish 2,361
Paisley, Burgh, consisting of three Parishes contains 26,426
inhabitants; and the Suburb, comprised in the Return of
Abbey Parish, contains 11,620 inhabitants.
The three Parishes of Greenock together contain 22,0% inha-
bitants.

The Population Returns of 1821 do not name the Suburbs of
the Burgh of Perth, nor state in what Parishes they are situated.
Whitehall, April 11, 1831. S, M. rfuLurPs.

Ebb-14
fr--- . ....,..
' 3. ' Attu®
,

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 16, 1831.

There is a certain class of legislators who seem
born to entertain the community at the expence of
themselves; who seem brought into the world, in
fact, for no other purpose than to put in jeopardy
whatever cause they may think fit to espouse.
The Duke of NEWCASTLE is clearly one of
these unfortunates. He is the very _Harplot of the
boroughmongers. The Marquis of EXETER is not
to be despised as a scion of the same " untoward"
school ; and it would ill become us to pass by with
indifference the claims of Lord HUNTINGTOWER to
a similar honour; but the great Master of Climber
Park and Sir C. WETHERELL, combines, in his
own illustrious person, the qualifications of both
these Noblemen. His Grace observed last night, in
,a speech—which, considering he had only taken
three weeks to prepare it, might be pronounced
eminently felicitous—that a more independent gen-
tleman than the Hon. Member for Boroughbridge,
was not to be met with in the House of Commons.
On this the following characteristic colloquy en-.
sued :

The Duke of Iltcumoxn—Suppose Sir Charles Wetherell were
to vote for theplzut of Reform introduced by Ministers into the
other House, how long would he continue Member for Borough-
bridge ?

The Duke of Nnwr ASTIR—IIe would not be allowed to retain
his scat if he did so.—(A loud laugh.)

NOW it is evident from this, that by the term in-
dependence, in a political sense, his Grace implies
the unqualified obedience of all Hon. Members to
the boroughmongers who place them in Par-
liament. Sir C. WETHERELL, for instance,
has no right to have an opinion at variance
with that of the Lord of Clumber ; the
public principles of the one must be also those of
the other ; both must bray to the same tune, and
with the same agreeable power of modulation,
" Ass," in short, must " intone to ass." This, ac-
cording to the spirit of his Grace's logic, is the only
true definition of independence. The right of pri-
vate judgment is a farce, a manifest slavery ; there
can by no possibility be any real independence
between an Honourable Member and his patron,
where the ene does not command, nor the other
implicitly obey. We fear his Grace will find few
lexicographers to agree with him in this definition ;
though at the same time, it must be confessed, a lite-
rary dictionary is very different from a political one.
At any rate his logic will have this good effect ; it
will show the reformers of what stuff their oppo-
nents are made, and teach them duly to appreciate
them. By the term "independence" the boroughmon-
ger implies neither more nor less than slavery ; on
the same principle, and to the same extent,
that by the prosperity of the country he means the
sinecures and pensions bestowed on himself and his
slaves. How grateful ought we reformers to feel to
Providence, for having raised us up such staunch
friends to the cause, as the Duke of NEWCASTLE, the
Marquis of ExETER, and the unparalleled Lord
HUNTINGTOWER

The following insidious paragraphs from German,
Papers received this morning, plainly indicate the
desperate state to which the Russians are reduced
by the chivalrous bravery of the Poles—and the appre-
hensions of Austria and Prussia, lest the contagion of
liberal principles extend to all the Polish provinces.
To obviate this dreaded event these despotic Powers
endeavour to interpose their friendly aid, on pretence
of stopping the effusion of blood, and " to prevent
the dissolution of a country (Poland) which, under
whatever form it may be, must remain subject to the
Russian Sceptre !" But this is not so clear,
Prince METTERNICH, as you may have heard
ere now by the downfall and capture of that military
butcher DIEBITSCII. By Monday next we sincerely
trust to be enabled to confirm the entire destruction
of the Russian army in Poland. The spirit of insur-
rection extends at this moment over a popula-
tion of twenty millions in the Polish provinces;
and does NICIIOLAS hope to coerce that multi-
tudinous movement by barbarous and bloody mani-
festoes ?—Never

FRONTIERS OF SILESIA, 111.kacir 31.—1 t is very
generally believed that the great Powers, moved by the
heroic efforts of the Poles, have been inspired with a desire
to take some steps in their favour, and to induce the Em-
peror of Russia to chew some indulgence to a nation
which has, indeed, committed great faults, but has many
excuses to allege for its illegal conduct. It is believed that
the Emperor will not be displeased at a mediation which
must correspond with his own humane feelings, and save
from destruction a nation and a country belonging to him,
whose preservation and prosperity are as much for the
interest of Russia as of the Poles themselves. It is
difficult to calculate what sacrifices must be made by both
parties if the contest should be prolonged ; and it cannot
be dissembled that if the honour of the Russian Crown
requires that it should make itself obeyed and respected,
it is equally important for it to prevent the dissolution of a
country which, under whatever form it may be,
must remain subject to the Russian sceptre. It
is affirmed that the Emperor has no longer any intention

of incotpotating the. kingdom of Poland with the Russian
empire; he will have it placed under a distinct Govern-
ment, with free institutions, and if he has not yet formally
explained himself to this effect, the reason is to he sought
in the vicissitudes of the fortune of war; which have
kept the Poles from repentance and submksion, which
were demanded at the very outset in too positive a man-
ner. Now that the Polish Diet has several times shown
itself disposed to negociations, to which Count Diehitsch
was not authorised to accede, the mediation of friendly
Powers, on being assured of the mare favourable senti-
ments of the Emperor, might be of the happiest effect in
leading to an amicable arrangement. It is greatly to be
wished, that the intervention of the Powers may lead to
a happy and speedy conclusion, as the Poles are ieady to
fight to the last, and rather to perish than to survive the
disgrace of seeing the name of their illustrious nation
effaced from the list of European states. They receive
pecuniary assistance from several quarters. Many Polish
officers on foreign service have left to assist their distressed
countrymen.
VIENNA, APRIL 20.—General Chlopieki has heel,
here for some days ; it is said he will try the effect of the
waters in the neighbourhood of Baden.
The report that negociations are on foot for the ami-
cable arrangement of the affairs of Poland gains ground.
It is said to-day that the C,binets of Berlin and Vienna
have undertaken the mediation, and will each send a nego-
ciator to Warsaw.

These pacific reports, and the favourah,e news from
our army in the Papal States, have caused our Bank
Shares to rise to-day to 985.
The two negotiators above alluded to are said to he
General Langinau fir Austria, and General Muffling for
Prussia.

The Canada Papers continue •of very great inte-
rest. We have before us this morning the Cana-
dian COUrani to the sth ult., which contains another
communication from the Governor lo the liouse of
Assembly, in consequence of which latter communi-
cation the House had asked for copies of his Excel-
lency's instructions from the British Government
on the subject. As it was supposed these were
confidential, his Lordship would not be able to make
them public without permission of Ministers.
Ii:-
deed, private letters state that his Excellency had
refused, and consequently this unfortunate Civil List
question again began to assume an unpromising ap-
pearance :

AYLMER. Governor-in-Chiet:

The Governor-in-Chief having in his Message of the 23t1 inst.
communicated to the House of Assembly the commands of his
Majesty, received through the Secretary of State for the Colonial
Department, regarding the question of finance, which has for
• so long a period engaged their attention, thinks it necessary to
enumerate in detail the several branches of the revenue which
it is deemed expedient to exempt from the operation of the pro-
posed arrangement.
This further communication appears to his Excellency to be
the more desirable, as it will remove all grounds for future dis-
cussion, when the adjustment of the main question shall have
taken place, and as it will enable the House of Assembly to enter
upon the consideration of this important topic with a hill and
precise understanding of the views of his Majesty's Government.
These views are now exhibited by the Governor-in-Chief to the
House of Assembly, in that spirit of frankness and good faith
which characterizes the instructions he has received, and which
cannot fail to improve the confidence of the House of Assembly
in the good intentions of his Majesty's Government.
The Revenues to which the Governor-in-Chief alludes are the
cassia' and territorial Revenues of the Crown, and arc classed
under the following heads:—
I
Rents, Jesuits, Estates. 15. Droit de Quint.
U. Rent of the King's Posts. 16. Lods et Ventes.
3. Forges of St. Maurice. 7. Land Fund.
4. Rent of the King's Wharf. !8. Timber Fund.
If the funds derived from these sources operated in any degree
as a tax upon the people, or tended, either in their nature, or in
the mode of their collection, to impede or impair the prosperity
of the province, his Majesty's Government would have hesitated
in proposing to retain them at the disposal of the Crtwn. They
stand, however, upon a perfectly different ground from taxes
properly so called. They are enjoyed by the Crown, by virtue
of the Royal prerogative, and are neither more nor less than
the proceeds oflanded property, which legally and constitutionally
belongs to the Sovereign on the throne, and as long as they are
applied not to undue purposes of new patronage, but to objects
which are closely connected with the public interests of the pro-
vince. It is not easy to conceive upon what grounds of abstract
property, or of constitutional jealousy, the application of them,
according to his Majesty's commands, under responsible advice,
can he impugned.
Castle of St. Louis, Quebec, Feb. 25, 1831.
On the motion of Mr. Young, an address was voted to his Ex-
cellency for a statement of the gross annual amount of the
casual and territorial revenue from 18IS inclusive, distinguish-
ing the amount annually received under the heads in the pre-
ceding message.
On the motion of Mr. Cuvillier, an address was voted to his
Excellency for copies of any despatch or despatches, or of such
instructions as his Excellency may have received from his Ma-
jesty's Government in England, concerning the finance affairs of
this province, to which his Excellency refers in his Message to
the House on that subject, of the 2.1 d inst. and of this day.
Mr. Secretary Glegg had transmitted the following Message
from his Excellency:—

" The Governor:in-Chief transmits to the House of Assembly
an estimate of the expellees of the Civil Government for the en-
suing year, and he takes this opportunity of drawing their early
attention to the total amount of this estimate, which will be
found to be very considerably less than the estimate of last year.
" To the estimate now transmitted will be found annexed a
statement of certain items, which were included in last year's
estimate, and which are now omitted in conformity with the in-
structions received by the Governor-in-Chief from his Majesty's
Government.

" The items of charge above alluded to are No. 1 to 13, and lib:
Excellency thinks it proper to remark upon each of these
numbers."

There are strange rumours abroad respecting the
motives that could have induced a certain 1-lon. Mem-
ber of shining and matchless talents to rat upon the
great question of Reform. A certain Noble Marquis
has: betted five thousand to one that he can assign
the true reason.

We regret to find that, in alluding a few days
since to the Reform Bill, we mentioned the Mar-
quis of HERTFORD as having become an advocate
for it. This was a mistake: it should have been
the Marquis of HEADFORD.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY )
