WEST INDIES.

We have received the Jamaica papers to the 19th June :
" We are getting anxious to hear of the fate of the Sus.
pension Bill. It comes "home to the business and bosom
of us all.' There is, or there ought to be a community of
feeling, as there is a community of interest, between all the
West India colonies. We cannot, therefore, help regard-
ing the apathy of the sister colonies as criminal. They
have taken no part in the sufferings and oppression of
maica. The constitutional measures of the British Go-
vernment, in depriving that island of her legislative rights,
has roused uo action on the part of the propr:etors in the
other colonies. A very considerable number of those
proprietors reside in England, in affluence and comfort ;
should they not have shown some sympathy with the wrongs
done to Jamaica ?"

The Barbadian of the 18th May, says—
" With great regret we hear of frequent robberies in
own and country." . . .

ST. VINCENT.--The Barbadian states that the riotous
and deadly state of the town of Kingston, (St. Vincent)
has been lately such as to cause a meeting of the inhabi•
*Ails, at which it was resolved to send in a petition to the
Legislature, founded on certain resolutions, expressive of
their opinions on the dangerous condition of the town.
They attribute most of the disorder to the neglect of the
police officers of the provisions of the Liquor Act.
A report prevailed at St. Vincent that Sir George
Tyler is to be relieved of the Government by a military
officer of the name of Stirling.
SAINT L UCIA. —Since our last publication we regret to
state most alarming accounts have continued to pour it,
from the country, it is too true, as we reported last Satur.
day, that an impression has found its way into the minds
of the negroes chat it is the intention of Government to
reduce to a state of slavery all who may be found working
on the plantations on the next aniversary of their emanci-
pation. Already have numbers flown to the woods.
ArsTiouA.—The Legislature met on the 25th, and
a despatch from the late Colonial Secretary was laid
befor;2 thorn rooornmending &nu ndmenta of the law respect-
ing vagrancy, contracts, and deportation ; the dispatch is
said to have cansed a strong sensation, and a unani•
resolution expressing the feelings it created, passes
ihe House. It met with a similar reception in the
Council.

BRITISH GUIANA.--We regret to perceive, by an
extract of a letter published in the Demerara Royal
Gazette, that fires are not confined to Trini :ad, but that
that colony has also been visited by them. Fire is raging
along the entire east line, from side line to side line. Bor-
deaux is burned from ab.ck to the public road. L'Oran-
tiore will, I suppose, share the same fate.
This paper says—" Since we have received the above
extract, we have heard the fires are still raging, and
thr eaten entire destruction to much propel ty."

EXTRAORDINARY GALE OF WIND.—THE
CROPS. —The county of Devon has been visited by one of
the severest and most extraordinary gales for the month of
July ever known. Indeed the weather, for the season, is
most unprecedented. In the early part of the week we
traverstd a great portion of the southern part of the county.
The fiolds teemed with abundant crops rapidly ripening for
the sickle—to-day they are beat down formiles and miles.
A gentleman who came up the coast to-day and yesterday,
describes the destruction as most melancholy, and wide-
spread. Every field of wheat and barley is laid level, and
at the most unfortunate time, just as the wheat was " kern-
ing," or going out of blossom. The consequence of this
visitation is already felt in our markets, which opened to-
day with an advance of sixpence per bushel for wheat,
whilst barley, already at an enormous price, is rapidly
rising, owing to the deficiency of the apple crop. In the
present disturbed state of the manufacturing districts, we
fear the consequences if the storm should have proved
generally so destructive as it is found to be in this neigh-
bourhood, and too justly feared to be in the county at
large. It is reported that a vessel was lost off the bar at
Exinoutb, and all hands perished. The gale which is
blowing from the south-east is still raging.— Western Times.
On the 9th a London commercial traveller, in
coming from Kincardine to Dunfermline, dropt his pocket-
book, containing two bills on London, one 701. and the
other 501., beside s•7o'. in bank notes. On missing it he
advertised in all the villages through which ho bad passed.
On the following day a woman came from Toryburn and
delivered to the traveller his pocket-book with all its con-
tents, for which he gave her 5/.
