'RAORDINARY AND BRUTAL HORSE-RACE.

On Monday a race of a very novel nature, attended with
almost unparalleled brutality, was agreed upon between two
notorious characters of Burford in Oxfordshire. .They agreed
to run their hacks against each other, and ride themselves, for
20 guineas a side, from Burtbrd to Gloucester and back, being
a distance of 62 miles. One of the parties, weighing upwards
of 13 stone, his horse strong and bony, and between 15 and 16
hands high—the other a slender man, weighing little more than
nine stone, and waging his stakes upon the well known bottom •
of his pony, but little exceeding 12 hands. In the preliminaries
it was agreed, that if either of the riders dismounted from the
commencement to the termination of the race, he should lose it,
and umpires attended to observe the performance of such agree-
ment. On Tuesday they started at score, digging and flank-
ing, as if only a mile heat, and continued in that manner for two
miles, when their nags were nearly winded, each calculating
thereby to insure success; however it did not prove so, and.,
they thought proper to pull up into a more regul, r and lasting
pace; they then continued passing and repassing each other until
they had advanced many miles on the road, when they agreed to
keep together in a friendly manner till within a certain distance
from home, and then indulge the persons who would be waiting •
their arrival with some good sport, by making the best play they
could to win the race. They arrived at Gloucester, and both
men and horses would fain have 'halted for repose and refresh-
ment, but this was not perantted by the umpires. They pro-
ceeded on their return, but not with a shadow of the alacrity
with which they started; however, they travelled until. their
high-metded racers were within three miles of the place of
destination, and almost reduced to a stand-still, and the best
speed they could make was a walking-pace, and that not ex-
ceeding two miles and a half an hour, and in such they _
from necessity continued. When the poney came within thirty .
yards of the winning post, his rider perceived his adversa-
ry fifty yards behind, at a dead stand, and apparently
unable to move a step further. As a great numbers of spec-
tators were waiting their arrival, and as much betting
had taken place in favour of the pony, it may
.be easily
imagined what a lively sense of gratificaticn pervaded
the backers of the latter. Bursts of applause greeted him,
and great odds were offered, but not taken, it being
deemed a sure thing. But lo ! to the astonishment and
consternation of hundreds, the poor poney all of a sudden; • .
donkey, made a dead stand, placed his muzzle to the ground,;
and could not be prevailed upon to budge another inch. All
heads were now at work to manage the remaining ground ;.they,
got in a body behind him, and endeavoured to push him on- •
wards; they turned him round, they pushed his hind-quartera
foremost, and put in practice every device and experiment that
avarice or momentary frenzy could' suggest, but all would not. , •
do. In the interim the hindmost made a-move, and hobbled'on •
till he came neck to neck, and then passed his antagonist; a „
sudden thought now shot across the bewildered brain of the.
pony's jockey, and, pursuing the momentary impulse, he in-
stantly alighted and pulled the bridle, and by so doing lost the •
race. The horse had now nothing to do but make good his
ground. In the midst of acclamations the horse advanced within
ten yards of the post, when he shook his head, and, to the
great terror of his rider, seemed determined to imitate the
example of his fellow sufferer. The jockey, strongly advistd,
pulled up and took wind for nearly a quarter of an hour ; bets
looked alive, and some- few took place ; the horse, at last,
walked in, and won the twenty guineas amidst loud huzzaipg.,
This race, from beginning to end, created as much Smusempt
as any we ever heard of, but the eccentricity of the day'i diver-
sion received a check, which must inevitably have destroyed. all • •
gratification in the minds of the feeling part of the spectators;
for no sooner had the winning horse got into the town, than he
fell down dead from the excessive fatigue occasioned, by his
brutal master; and the poor pony, when persuaded to. go hornea
as soon as he reached his stable also fell down, and exintienced4t •
similar fate. The time taken to complete the rue was a even
hours.

• •
A few days since, as some labourers were
ployed in opening a dyke, near Maytham Wharf, between Rol-
venden and the Isle of Oxney, in the course of the ancient' iver
Rother, they discovered buried partly in the bank, and partly
under the bed of that stream, the hull of a 'veasel, about sixty
feet long and twenty-five feet wide, which upon being cleared
of mud to the gunwale, appeared to have had a cabin, • but.
no deck. Among the various articles said to have:been found on
board are, a skull, with parts of other human bones ; a number
of wooden balls, a dagger, and a lance, mounted with gold ;also
some copper coin. Several labourers have since been employeil
around the vessel, digging it out, and in the, expectation
of obtaining something that may reward them for their labour ;
at all events, it is to be hoped sufficient will be learned. to• fix
the period when it became a wreck. According to /lasted, ail'
late as the year 1509, the tide flowed up this Channel,..anda"
was navigable as far as Smalihythe, two miles distant froth. the
place where the above vessel has been found.
. ATTEMPT TO DuowN.—On.Thursday venitit't
between the hours of 7 and 8, a men of rather a shabby AR'.
pearance was seen to throw himself from the recess of the thiriti',
arch of Waterloo-bridge, but a couple-of \yawl-I-fiery who :,744.
this, rowed up to the spot immediately, 'and 'readied fhe.
happy man in time to rescue him. On.the watermen seizing hitri,
he exclaimed, " Let me alone, let me alone," atidiriadb'a-cf6pt!-
rate struggle to escape from them. He stilted he had been to
Somerset House in expectation of some money, but was disap-
pointed. It did not appear that he was in distress for money, as
some silver was found in his pocket. A subscription was imme-
diately made by some Gentlemen passing, as a recompence to
the watermen for their exertions in preserving his life.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

MXTIVACTS FROM TUE DAILY MORNING PAPERS,
Judy 27, 1822.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The magnanimous Alexander begins now to be
greatly afraid of the Press, and has interdicted
the entrance of several Journals (among which
ours has the honour to be included) into his do-
minions. So long as lie was meditating the at-
tack of Turkey, and public opinion coincided
with his views, so long he was not afraid of
newspapers ; but when he changed his views, he
naturally began to dread them. The Nurem-
berg Correspondent represents him as having
been forced to abandon his designs by the me-
naces of England.

We received the Paris Papers of Wednesday
last night by express. An article of the 26th
June, taken from the Allgenzeine Zeitung, com-
municates an account of the burning and disper-
sion of the Turkish fleet, and represents the
Greek affairs as in a prosperous condition in every
direction. The intelligence respecting the fleet,
however, requires confirmation.—The discussion
of the Budget of the Ministry of Justice was con-
tinued in the Chamber of Deputies in the sitting
of the 23d July. The eighth chapter of this
.Budget is " Expences of Justice in Criminal
Matters, Correctional Police, and Simple Police,
200,520,000 francs." A reduction of 500,000
francs was proposed by the venerable Lafayette,
who towards the close of his speech animadverted
indignantly on tlle snare recently laid by the
Police for the brave inhabitants of the Upper
Rhine.—(lbid.)

[THE TiNtEs.]
A report was circulated in the course of yes-
terday, that the Dutch Government had resolved
toacknowledge unconditionally the independence
of the States of South America. This rumour
'we refer to for the purpose of adding, that it is
in oar judgment of very doubtful authority, or,
indeed, to speak frankly, not entitled to the
smallest credit. The statement is founded on a
letter from Antwerp, dated the 23d instant. Now
there are letters from Amsterdam of the 24th in.
town,.and as the States-General are sitting at
the Hague, we must have had the intelligence
first from that quarter. There would not, perhaps,
be much reason for dissatisfaction, if Holland, or
any other country, were to take the lead and to
set this Government an example which it would
in that case be compelled to follow. Our mer-
chants demand this acknowledgment of South
American independence—the law of nations abun-
dantly sanctions it—the highand manly character
of Great Britain calls loudly for such a display of
attachment to the cause and principles of human.
liberty as the recognition of this most legitimate
Sovereignty would exhibit ; yet when our Foreign
Secretary is heard to declare that he can. give no
explanation of his own views or those of his Col-
leagues, with regard to South America, which
the House of Commons would be able to under-
stand, it seems vain to hope that the interests of
commerce, the rules of public law, or the rights
of civil liberty, can have yet been the subject of
their serious meditations : if they have, and have
failed to guide Ministers how to act, they °tight
to: pray for more light, and we for a due share of
patience. Reverting, however, to our first topic,
we may add, that it would be inconsistent with
recent declarations ascribed to Holland, and
possibly with her position among the Powers of
Europe, if she were, now to be the foremost in
her acknowledgment of the States of South
Ameria.

[NEW TIMES.]
We are anxious, that not only our country-
men, but the whole civilized world, should no-
tice the ever vigilant labours of Mr. Wilberforce
for the ultimate abolition of slavery. " Although
a sudden termination of it might not be expedient,
yet a commencement of it anew ought never to
be countenanced." This remark, which, in
the course of Thursday's debate, the Honour-
able Member applied to Slavery itself, ap-
peared by an error of the Press in our re-
port to be made with reference to the Slave
Trade. It is not merely expedient to put
an instant termination to the Slave Trade ;
but every fresh exercise of that barbarous traffic
is a new crime in the Government that tolerates
it : and perhaps it might not be going too far to
observe, that Spain and Portugal, the countries
which most pertinaciously persisted in those
crimes, have of late suffered most tremendous
internal convulsions, and vast diminutions of
Empire.

[MORNING HERALD.]
. The Committees of Ways and Means and Sup-
ply terminated their labours on Wednesday ; the
Reports of their proceedings were presented, and
agreed to, on Thursday evening, and Bills were
ordered accordingly; and last night presented
the unusual circumstance of their being nothing
further for those Committees to do. This is the
certain signal of approaching prorogation. All
the -Money-Bills, or measures prepared by the
Treasury, pursuant to the Ways and Means and
Supply Resolutions, will be before the House
on Monday,. till which day the House ad-
journed. Mr. Lushington calculates on the
several Government Bills being gone through
by Wednesday, or at latest by Thursday
next. The House will then adjourn till the
Monday following, to afford time to the House of
Lords to pass the Bills that will proceed from
the Commons. On Tuesday, August 6, accord-
ing to existing calculations, and it is not very
likely that any further discussions will occur to
render more delay requisite, the House will be
prorogued by his Majesty in person. The ar-
rangements arc making for this purpose ; the
authority that will exclusively distribute tickets
of admission to the House. of Lords, Painted
Chamber, &c. has been previously noticed.

[l3ll.lTlSit PRESS.]
.The Clerks' Superannuation Bill produced a
very curious contevtion of parties, in the House
of Commons last night. The. Chancellor of the
Exchequer appeared as the champion of finance

economy, and his Bill was opposed by Mr. Cal-
craft ! Mr. Canning joined the latter Gentleman
in a sort of declaration of office rights, and they
both struggled against this very measured de-
gree of reduction in salaries on the ground of a
vested right. Mr. Canning, indeed went beyond.
He declared that if the Bill passed, any young
gentleman who had been induced by his friends
to give up the church to go into an office under
the guarantee of the old superannuation allowances,
ought to have an action of damages against them
for delusive and unprofitable persuasion ! It would
be very amusing to hear the reasons given by the
Judges in the last appeal made on a verdict for the
plaintiffs in such a case. The Right Honourable
Gentleman must know best; but we understood
that an Act of Parliament was a full plea in the
bar of any proceedings which went to contravene
it. And if he put the case hypothetically or con-
ditionally—as, " that a. man ought to have an ac-
tion"—w hat is to be thought of his notions of civil
obedience to the supreme will of the State? h is uo
wonder that he was at once at loggerheads with
the Noble Marquis of the Foreign Office, though
it may seem surprising that Mr. Calcraft, the
champion of the salt tax repeal, should be found
in conjunction with him. The Marquis of Lon-
donderry resisted this very bold assumption on
behalf of the servants of Government, and ob-
served, that if .by indulgence they had acquired
the notion that they held vested and inalienable
rights, it was high time to undeceive them.

EMORNING POST.]

A short discussion arose last night in the
House of Commons, which, we trust will be a
warning to Members of Parliament how they
sanction in future that unworthy, grudging sys-
tem of economy in the public service which Mr.
Hume and his followers are endeavouring to
bring, into vogue. Upon the question for
bringing up the Report of the Superannuation
Bill, Afr. Calcraft rose and forcibly opposed its
retrospective operation. Mr. Canning also opposed
the Bill in the most cogent and convincing terms,
both as unjust towards persons in office, and
unconstitutional in principle. We verily believe
too, that, as Mr. Calcraft said, there was not a
Gentleman present (always excepting the Hon.
Member for Aberdeen), who in his heart did not
disapprove of the measure. However Members
may be carried away by party feeling at the mo-
ment, and, however, in the abstract, they may
recommend or vote for economy—while they
possess the generous and manly minds of English
Gentlemen, they never can lend themselves, wil-
lingly, to a griping, inquisitorial retrenchment like
this, which, under pretence of relieving an immense
and wealthy Empire 4 would abstract a paltry pit-
tance from the hard earnings of Clerks in Public
Departments, in order to create a sort of provision
for their old age, when their life, their hopes,
their health, and enjoyments had been expended
solely for the public good. But look at the situ-
ation in which Parliament had placed his Ma-
jesty's Ministers. It had driven them, by the
incessant cry of economy during the whole of last
Session, and by an address to the Throne at its
conclusion, into the very act which it now
desires them to abandon. The Marquis of Lon-
donderry protested against conduct of this sort,
and in his few able and profound remarks told
the House that it must abide by its own decisions.
We can well conceive the extreme pain which
his Lordship, in common with the rest of his Ma-
jesty's Ministers, naturally felt at being obliged
to scrutinize the salaries of the inferior officers
in their departments, and to deal with those
meritorious agents of Government after the
higgling scheme of Mr. Hume. But the House
of Commons compelled them to undergo this
severe trial ; and assuredly, having done so,
they are excusable for not yielding now to
an opposite current of opinion. Upon these
grounds, principally, the Bill was supported.
Some amendments, however, suggested by
Mr. Canning, will be introduced on the
third reading, one of which is to give the
Treasury a power in all cases of dismissal, unless
for great offences, to refund the principal which
the person so dismissed may have advanced
to the Superannuation Fund. But still, we
must once more beg of the Legislature to pause
before it again falls into a similar snare. It has
hitherto been the pride of England, that while her
Institutions were free, her Councils were steady.
In mere popular Governments this never can
happen, and we see, in the instance before us,
what the consequences are of too readily yield-
ing to a momentary excitement of the public
mind, in favour of abstract economy. Let us
avoid such conduct hereafter, or we shall inevi-
tably feel the full force of that reaction which
was last night feebly indicated against the Super-
annuation Bill.—Mr. Hume, in the early part of
the evening, presented a Petition relative to the
case of the Captain and crew of the ship Charles,
of Aberdeen. These unfortunate people were
unjustly detained by the Spanish Authorities, on a
charge of murder. The case was certainly one of
much hardship. It was well calculated to call forth
sympathy, but Mr. Hume contrived to connect
the ridiculous, with it, in his usual way. " What
should be grave he turns to farce ;" and be-
cause these people had been wronged by the
Spaniards, he proposes to the English Government
to give them -a few thousands from the Droits of
Admiralty ! What a Guardian of the public purse
have we here ! 11.sw patriotic the thought, to give
the Admiralty Droits among his constituents,the
crew of the ship Charles of Aberdeen ! This
will make him very popular in Aberdeen at the
next election, but what will people say else-
w here ?

The Gaol at Ilchester is to be abandoned, and
that at Shepton Mallet so enlarged as to be ade-
quate to the health and proper classification of
the prisoners, until an entire new county gaol can
be erected.
A lady residing in Long Acre came to flow-
street Office yesterday, and stated that she had
been attacked near her own door on Wednesday
night, and robbed of a gold watch, by a gang
of robbers. A description of the property and
thieves was taken, and she was assured every
effort should be made for their discovery.

THE ARMY.

NEW REGULATIONS.
( Continued from THE SUN of Wednesday.)
LANCERS.

FULL DRESS.—Jacket—Blue cloth; crimson cloth Prus-
sian collar, full three inches deep, with two gold embroidered
loops six inches long at each end ; plain crimson cloth strap
lappel, to button back, with nine buttons regular, and one at
extremity of strap, occupying two-thirds of space across chest
from outward edge to seam in front of arm-hole, tapering to
two inches and a half at bottom, fastening in front with hooks
and eyes ; pointed crimson cuff, four inches deep at point,
embroidery round the top, and rounded off to form of cuff;
plaited light dragoon skirt, about five inches long and six
inches total width at bottom, with crimson turnbacks and
lining ; crimson welted edging up side and sleeve seams ; two
gold purl bullion back-pieces, with embroidered heads at the
bottom of the back at waist. Epaulettes—rich gold bright
bunions two inches and a half long ; crimson cloth strap richly
embroidered with gold. Field-officers distinguished accord-
ing to directions before inserted. Aiguillette rich gold
twisted cord, with a double set of loops, chain, sliders'
and gilt chased tags, worn under epaulette on right
shoulder, and brought across breast to left side. Cap__
crimson cloth, trencher top, ten inches square, front angle
in a direct line with centre of peak, fluted sides three
inches and a half deep, encircled at bottom with gold
and crimson three-quarter inch lace, under which origi-
nates gold and crimson cords running up all the four
corners transversely over crown ' • on left side a large gold
bullion rosette with embroidered G. R. on crimson velvet in
the centre; upper part of scull laced round with a three inch
gold and crimson lace, terminating under a large gilt plate
with King's arms, which occupies the front, a black patent
leather peak in front, another constantly turned up behind, the
former laced on outward edge with a wide between two narrow
gold braids, the latter with a wide braid between a narrow one
and a gold cord ; studded gilt scales and lion's heads, with a
lion's head attached to gold cord in front : on right corner of
top through which they are fastened, two gold olivets and
loops: on right corner for the lines, which are of gold cord
with rich flounders, bullion tassels, loops, and sliders ; line to
fasten to left shoulder, pass round the body, and fasten to cap
on right side; space between front plate and back peak occupied
by two sets of braid on black leather ground, each consisting
of a wide between two narrow gold braids shewing black stripes.
Feather—crimson and white drooping cock-tail. Trowsers—
crimson cloth, with gold scalloped lace of one inch and three-
quarters wide on each outward seam. Sabre—white mameluke
handle, gilt cross, ornaments and mountings embossed, blade
thirty inches long, one and a quarter wide at shoulder, orna-
mented on each side with lancers, next number, above this two
lances transverse, surmounted by a crown in bright work.
Scabbard—crimson velve% richly gilt chased chape, lockets and
rings. Knot—crimson an, sold mameluke, with acorn end.
Girdle—gold lace, three and a quarter inches wide, with two
crimson stripes ; morocco lining and edging, fastening under-
neath with buckle and strap, and externally with three gold
loops and solid olivets. Waist-belt—gold lace, one and a
quarter inch wide, with quarter inch crimson stripe up centre ;
morocco lining and edging; fastening in front with a snake
ornament ; two large and one smaller gilt rings, from which
hang three slings of one inch crimson and gold vellum lace, by
which tache is suspended, and two one and a quarter inch gold
and crimson lace slings for sabre, all fastening with gilt buckle
and leather straps. Sabre-Tache--purple leather; pocket
thirteen and a half deep, ten and a half wide at bottom, eight
at top ; blue cloth face, fourteen and a half deep, twelve wide
at bottom, eight and a half at top, edged round with two-
inch gold lace, shewing a blue edge ; embroidered scroll, with
regimental badge on crimson velvet at bottom ; above this, gold
embroidered double G. R., surmounted by a crown. Pouch-
Belt—gold lace, two inches wide, with half an inch crimson
stripe ; morocco lining and edging ; silver plate with pickers
and chains, buckle, tip, and slide. Pouch—black leather;
a gold embroidered edging round top, solid silver flap seven
and a half inches wide, two and three quarters deep, orna-
mented with gilt raised solid double G. R. and crown; attach-
ed to belt by staples and rings. Boots—black Spanish leather.
Spurs—yellow metal embossed neck two inches long, includ-
ing dumb roweli. Gloves—white leather. Cravat or Stock—
black silk.
DRESS.—Jacket, epaulettes, aiguillette, cap, feather, and
sabre, as in full dress. Scabbard—plain steel. Knot, waist-
belt, tache, pouch, pouch-belt, girdle, cravat, and gloves, as
full dress. Trowsers—blue grey, with two gold stripes three
quarters of an inch wide up each outward seam. Boots—ancle.
Spurs—plain yellow metal, neck two and a quarter inches
long, including pointed rowels.
UsDuEss.—Jacket—round, crimson Prussian collar three
inches deep, single-breasted, with small gilt studs quite close
down the front, fastening with hooks and eyes; pointed cuff,
laced round four inches deep at point ; an edging of gold lace
entirely round jacket, crimson welted side and sleeve seams ;
crimson lining ; gold cord shoulder straps—The following dis-
tinctions of rank marked by width of lace :—Field-Officers—
one and a half inch wide ; Captains—one inch wide i • Subal-
terns—three quarters of an inch wide. Shoulder-Straps—a
pair of gilt scaled straps, solid crescent without bullion, worn
occasionally. Trowsers--blue grey, with two three-quarters-
inch crimson-cloth stripes up each outward seam. Boots—
ancle. Spurs—steel, neck two and a quarter inches long,
including pointed rowels. Swcrd—steel-mounted, half-bas-
ket hilt, with two fluted bars on the outside ' black
fish-skin gripe bound with silver wire; the blade very
little curved, thirty-five and a half inches long, and one
and a quarter inch wide, with a 'round back terminating
within eleven inches of the point. Scabbard—with large
shoe at the bottom, solid bands and rings ; a trumpet-formed
mouth. Waist-belt—black patent leather, one inch and three
quarters wide, fastening in front with clasp and gilt plate two
and a half inches wide, and two deep ; plate ornamented with
chased crown, and double G. R. in centre, environed with a
garter, containing number of regiment and " Lancers," the
whole surrounded with gilt-chased rose, thistle and shamrock ;
scroll with regimental badge underneath ; two large rings, by
which are suspended sword slings, fastening with straps and
buckles to rings of scabbard: also three smaller rings, by
which are suspended three tache slings, fastening with straps
and buckles to rings of sabre-tache. Sabre-Tache—black pa-
tent leather, pocket nine and a half inches deep, eight and a half
wide at top, seven and a half at bottom, face eleven and a half
deep, ten and a half wide at bottom, seven at top, gilt-chased
ornament in the centre, precisely similar in pattern to that on
belt, but on a larger scale, being four and a half inches deep
from top of crown to bottom of scroll, and four inches wide
from extremity of sides ; three rings on top for slings. Great-
Coat—blue, silk lining, collar and cuffs braided with black
mohair braid, single-breasted, with six basket-loops and four
rows of olivets down the front ; this is worn in winter over un-
dress jacket, and the waist-belt is worn over it. Cap—crimson
cloth, trencher top nine and a half inches square, front angle
in a direct line with centre of peak ; fluted sides three and a
half inches deep, gold and crimson cord round corners, run-
ning transversely over crown ; gold bullion rosette, with em-
broidered G. R. on crimson-velvet in the centre ; scull three
and a half inches deep, encircled with gold and crimson-lace in
the centre two inches wide, and a narrow gold quarter of an
inch braid top and bottom ; plain black peak in front ; a small
screw socket for plume. Plume—red and white horse-hair.
Cloak—blue according to light-dragoon regulation.

REGIMENTAL STAFF.
Coat—single-breasteil, collar, cuffs, and buttons the same as
other of►cers, ten long twist holes with buttons down the front,
dragoon skirts,with three long twist holes and buttons on each ;
turnbacks colour of facing. Cocked Hat—That of the Pay-
master and Quartermaster, has the regulation star loop and tas-
sels : the former has no feather. The hat of the Surgeon, As-
sistant-Surgeon, and Veterinary-Surgeon is plain with black
silk loop and button—no feather.
Appointments and other articles of dress the same as those
worn by the other officers of their respective regiments, except
the girdle, which is.not worn.
Note—Regiments not having crimson facing, to substitute
their own established regimental facing, in lieu of it, in those
places described as crimson. The distinction of gold and
silver to be preserved as heretofore.

LIVERPOOL, JULY 34.—The Ist, or King's Dragoon.
Guards, landed-here this day from Dublin ; they are to proceed
to Nottingham. • Our docks at e quite crowded with shipping.
One hundred and three vessels have arrived here from foreign
ports in the last three days.
The first division of the Scots Greys arrived on Tuesday at
Piershill Barracks from Glasgow.
On Friday morning the Royal Mid-Lothian yeomanry ca-
valry were inspected on Portobello Sands, by Major-General
Sir Thomas Bradford, who expressed himself in terms of high
approbation at the appearance and discipline of the regiment.
The regiment mustered about 360 strong. The morning being
very hazy, the usual races between the horses of members of
the corps were postponed till the forenoon of the next day.
Sixty-two fine young men, enlisted in Scotland for the Hon.
East India Company's artillery and infantry, sailed from Leith
on Friday afternoon for the East India Company's depot at
Chatham, previously to embarking for India,

AGRICULTURE.

[From the Kentish Gazette.]

BROTHER FARMERS.—It is with regret that I find you still
so disunited, so lost either in apathy or despair. I tell you now,
as you have been told before, that as long as Foreign produce
shall be admitted into this country at inadequate duties, so long
will your occupation continue to be unprofitable, so long will
your produce fail to,, remunerate you. Taxation without pro-
tection is gnawing your vitals ; nay, it has nearly eaten you up.

I hesitate not to declare it to be my firm belief that the system
of Mr. G. W. Hall, viz. equal protection with the merchants
and manufacturers, can alone restore prosperity to Agriculture;
without this protection the land must sink under its burthens,
the poor's rate alone will eat up the rent. Unanimity and per-
severance is absolutely necessary, and with this you will ulti-
mately succeed. Rally round the associations now formed ;
act together temperately and firmly; bring your case
again before the Legislature in the next Session ; put politics
on one side, and stick to your own interests, your just rights,
your birthright as British subjects, the protection of Govern-
ment. _ _

The Bill has passed into a law ; your situation is not bet-
tered ; I assert, you are in a worse situation than you were in
under the 55th of his late Majesty, as the lowering the standard
of importation from 80s. to 70s. gives the foreigner a more de-
cided advantage ; in coroboration of which I shall quote you a
passage from the Protest of the Right Hon. the Earl of Lau-
derdale against this Bill ; after stating his objections to the al-
teration, he thus expresses himself—
" That these regulations are ruinous to the Agricultural In-
terests cannot be doubted, the Petitions on the table of this
House, in the strongest terms deprecating the proposed altera-
tions, sufficiently display the opinion of those whose habits give
them practical knowledge on the subject."
I shall here take occasion to observe, that until the present
case, there have never before been Petitioners to Parliament,
for protection to any branch of industry, who have not been
supposed to know something of their own business. The
Noble Lord further states as follows;
" It is to me, therefore, a subject of deep regret, when the
distress of the British Cultivator is so feelingly described by
the Petitions on our table, that the House should enact a regu-
lation which, though it is only to take place at a future period,
cannot but produce immediate discontent."
And will you, Brother Farmers, sit quietly by and see your-
selves ruined, and that which should he the reward of your in-
dustry, taken from you and given to foreigners ? rather than
come forward and assert your just right, as British subjects, to
equal protection with every other branch of industry in the
kingdom ; for without this protection, you must give up your
farms, as it is impossible for you, under the present Corn Laws,
to compete in your own markets with corn untithed and un-
taxed.—Look at Ireland, at the present moment ; want of em-
ploy has driven whole districts into a state of starvation ; and
want of profitable employ, if the present system of Corn Laws
continues, will ruin this country. The Noble and Learned
Lord Erskine thus expresses himself in his protest against the
Corn Bill—" It seems to me," (says the Noble Lord) " as if
a course of experiments were on foot, by philosophical
theorists, to ascertain under what pressure of unequal taxa-
tion, and unequal competition with untaxed countries,
the impoverished cultivators of our soil can possibly con-
tinue to exist." Brother Farmers, persevere, imitate Mr. Wil-
berforce in firmness and patience.—Recollect the Slave Trade
is at end.—l am your's,
22d July, 1822. AN ASSOCIATOR.
