THE StiN, LONDON, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1,38.

'NATIONAL BANK OF IRELAND.
The Third Annual General Meeting of the Court of Di-
rectors and Proprietors of the National Bank of Jrcland too:.
PlSee Yesterday at the City of London Tavern, Bishops-
gate.street, for the purpose of electing four Directors in the
roan of those who go out annually by rotation, and to re-
tch:o the report of the Directors.
EAt a few minutes past 00,e o'clock, DANIEL O'CONNELL,
cciDl ' P., Governor, who was accompanied by the Direc-
tors
""( other officers of the Coman, entered the room
nu was very cordially received. p y
00
uS taking the Chair, Mr. O'CONNELL said that his first
nI ety Was to call upon the Secretary to read the advertise-
bey which OA meeting had been convened.
,'"Echr:;•Arty having read the adverti:ement,
takout
tr. u'C'oNNELL being one of the Directors who went
IA rotation, then moved that R. Sutton, Jun.. Esq., do
e
chair.
Itle motion having been --aritea,
•
SUTTONri-..„oothe'lleting sail thq first proposition to be submitted.
Was the election of four Directors in the
for t
nt of the gentlemen who went out by rotation. It was
th, the Proprietors to say whether they should re-elect
(lie gentlemen to whom the Company owed so much—
ti earl hear)—for their constant and very assiduous atten-
°ll the interests of the Bank.—(Cheers.)
ltil PROPRIETOR here moved that D. O'Connell, Eq.,
114'4 Thomas Vigne, J. C. Ruding, and Thomas L. Mur-
-3,1; scis-, be re-elected Directors of the Bank.
u'lle motion having been seconded by another PROPRIE-
t: was put and unanimously carried.
v,,,0311r- SUTTON would suggest that some gentleman present
the d In°ye. that Mr. O'Connell be again requested to take
Atr
Prom the great and unwearied exertions of
Connell on behalf of the Bank, he was satisfied that
Shareholders
aPPointment would give more general satisfaction to the
'archolders at large.
It was then moved that Mr. O'Connell be requested to
take the Chair again, which having been put to the meet-
tAo Carried unanimously,
to 14,r. O'CONNELL said, as tileirChairman it was now his duty
cad upon the Secretary to read the Report of the Direc-
-ts. If there was any gentleman who wished to refer to
unY
Iparticular portion of it, the Secretary would read it
?ap, or any passage which might be pointed out. Their
°.
'I. business was to have the Report distinctly understood.
followsS:_ecretary then proceeded to read the Report as

REPORT
°l.the Directors of the National Bank of Ireland, made
r-roprietors at the Third Annual General MeetiLg, held at
th
sfirincherliutYa4
11415 d, on Tavern, London on 'the 23d May, 1838.
the National Bank of Ireland commenced
Posedess' agreeably to the plan that bad previously been pro-
Parti .411d4Pproved ef, whereby each branch was excluded from
un,e'lP/ttion in the general profits of the institution, and con-
itjrnty
„L.: Compelled, in self-defence, to confine the sphere of
kfe-""ig operations to its own immediate locality, without
thatrenee to the general welfare; thus causing an absence of
elidentity of interests and unity of purpose so especially
"uitial to a profita.ble result in all extended banking operations.
ofthPcvards of thr,e years' experience of the practical working
sYstem, h.as fully demonstrated the propriety of its being
tetiguno;ned, in order to effect a perfect unity of interests and
bire°-,'n °Ur connection with the several branches. This the
of ea found found could not be attained, so long as the operations
e,'" ank had no reference to the welfare of the whole,
Ili,l.lat the continuance of a system involving so many con-
'chiT.,O interests, not only militated against the prosperity of
11,,,'-',Btablishment, but rendered it extremely difficult to give
of tvigorous direction, so vitally essential in the administration.
In affairs 'of tin extensive Banking Institution.
plied,, this chaiwe the Directors have not been un-
th of the importance of retaining the local shareholders :
of ac fiat
certain, and at the same time the most equitable mode
th,ll„riinplisliing this object, was by the conversion of the local.
apd cs of each Bank into Metropolitan Stock, thereby securing
"mbining under a general unity of interests all those advan-
prgoes derivable from Chet support and influence of a resident
,prietary inn each locliy.
110:_12.1erever this change of system has hitherto been. propo-
Lleu, it has received the support and co-operation of the
Nati4fl Shareholders generally, and the Directors feel much
bass action in being enabled to report to this meeting, that it
thralready been adopted at two-thirds of the branches, and
kre' the interests of the Local Proprietors, in those districts,
ketnew completely ident.fied, by their becoming holders of
opolitan Stock.
Its,rr he affairs of the Company are progressively so satisfactory
4inspire the ireco•:s with sanguine(gratifying
expectations con-
d:eted with its fuDturet success it is gratifying to observe
f; the returns from the branches, that the general business of
4,,Q, tank is steadily improving. The increase of deposits
tr circulation affords the most certain evidence of the growth
4,,N01ic confidence, and that the people of Ireland have duly
'l'reciated the enlarged views, that have characterised the
establishment and conduct of the National Bank.
r lin. the last annual report, reference was made to the effects
°f
he monetary crisis of 1836, which operated alike against
preri'llerests of- the country and the business of the Bank, and
eildi "led the declaration of a dividend for the half-year
pipet lig 30th June, 18:37. To this extent have the Pro-
hitiors suffered ; the fair and legitimate profits of the Bank
tteng been such as to authorise the payment of a dividend at
the
rate of Five per Cent. per annum, for the half year eliding
atate3_lst of December last ; as will be observed by the annexed
t,to ',lent of the year's account, which has been rendered
.in
for_ Partsin order that the Proprietors may he more fully in-
b red of the improved position of the Bank at the December
a 'nee, as compared with that of the previous half-year :—.
STATEMENT TO THE IST JULY, 1837.
taiNided Profits
Loss in the half year the above date

Undivided Profits £353 2 6
STATEMENT TO THE, 31ST DECEMBF:R, 1837.
Undivided Profits .............. £353 2 6
Nest Profits to the above date 8,802 15 6

9,155 18 0
Half a year's dividend to the 31st December,
8,750 0 0
at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum

Undivided Profits
£405 18 0
tittlierY the. above, it appears that the sum of 4051. 18s. remains,
4, a fair consideration and liberal allowance being made for
"f arid doubtful debts, and paying off the proportion oF pre-
prov9a!Y and other extraordinary expenses, agreeably to the
of
which
contained in the Deed of Settlement, and the residue
1(111ch will be liquidated within two years.
the heePing in view the increased and increasing confidence of
preicreiblic, the possession of a numerous and active resident
frefti etarY, and the great accession of profits that must accrue
te9l the change of system already referred to, the Directors
thei_themselves fully warranted in conveying to this meeting
the conviction of the growing prosperity of the Bank, and
eveYre,"ficlently trust, that the National Bank of Ireland will
d h'-'°e found conducive to the true interests of the country,
,
tnr,,
.neeforth afford to its Proprietors, an amply profitable re-
tor the investment of capital.
irlce the last Annual General Meeting, three vacancies
e °ceurred in the Direction (one since the notice convening
exen..4l'.'eting was published); these it has not yet been deemed
t fill
Th, ° up.
thes -re are now to b., cleated four Directors in the room of
th,, '',„`vbc ko out by rotation, all of whom are
_candidates for
4,),wee, and eligible to be re-elected.
in , CHAIRMAN then said that there were three vacancies
ie the Direction which had not been filled up, as the great ob-
13"' was to lessen the expenses of management as much as
Hear, hear.) The sum of money allowed in
edeed.for the expenses of the Direction is 4,8001. The
expensess, of the Direction last )car were 1,300/., showing
8041avony in‘ that item alone of 3,500/.—(Cheers.) That.
the 1,300/. included not only fees to the Directors, but
a entire expenses of the Committ;:e of Manasrement—
}lo4lt,hat the entire expenses, instzad of being as they might
e been 4,800/., were only I,Bool.—(Much cheering.)"nrse we are °pea at any time to a proposal for an
(I',eased direction,
/Ad PROPRIETOR. moved that the Report now read be
°Dted,
-e er'AIRMAN—Bore putting the question, I feel it
lay d e f
t, etY to call the attention of the Shareholders to the
coot of the Report, and some of the particulars
betained in it. Every gentleman familiar with busi-
ap:fs, k ll see at once that the capital of the Company,
t „ntiog to upwards of half a million, is totally un-
(lieued--that we have still the entire of our capital.—
Ie„41"' hear.) The share of profits above that capital was
nil flee,' very low in the former half year. The first half
dit.i ear 1837 they were reduced to 3031., although no
IV dead was paid to the shareholders in that half year.
- "eve paid a dividend in the second half of the year at
4ijatn of 5 per cent. per annum ; and instead of dimi-
alt-hing our surplus profits, we have added to them--
001 y the amount is inconsiderable. We have thus not
Y Paid a divid,a-id out of the profits, but we have in-
ther.4sed by a small sum (notwithstanding the circunistances
th;gb which the Bank has passed) the actual amount of
th • reserved fund. Every gentleman acquainted with
4. subject will of course appreciate the difficulties
The the the B,,rik had to pass through.—(Hear, hear.)
thn latter end of the year 1836 was attended with
e eatable results to the commercial and monetary interests of
sn: country, and the accident of one Bank in Ireland having
ItDeuded its pavments created a run on all the other Banks.
the'4,.', of course* felt by the National Bank,. and occasioned
de "Ithdrawal of about-one-third of its circulation ; but the
ands
were promptly met.—(Hear.) There was not a
tu cents hesitation at any a the branches ; the prompti
e and readiness with which we met that run, and the
beereased resources which it brought out (for we actually
had
end
_`l,ia.rger amount of geld at the several branches at the
111;. ‘ii the rim than at the commencement), that fact, I say,
„1.4 a Ing become completely notorious throughout Irel:ind,
h,is? d our permanency and stability upon the firmest
in the minds of the people.—(Hear, hear.) Although
fr°mwere vat to considerable expense in conveying money
' }"gland to Ireland to meet the run, the result has
1,1:4 80 far satisfactory to the public that I have great
ineraser" in telling yoU our circulation and deposits have
be elatedY to such an extent as to amount both together to
400•000/. beyond what they were in the beginning of

the year 1837.—(Hear; hear) and cheers.) And thtis that
run, which put Us tU great expense and much inconve-
nience in the first instance, has tended very much to
the stability of the Company, the public confidence of
the country, and, of course, to the increase of the profits
of the Bank.—(Cheers.) 'We have made a dividend for
the half year ending December, 1837 ; and with respect to
the half year ending June, 1838, I am enabled to
pledge myself to the Shareholders that a dividend w ill
be forthcoming for that half year alsp.—( Hear, bear.)
We have lessmcd the expenses wherever we possi-
bly could—the' effect of these reductions has not as
yet come so completely into account as it will in the
ensuing half year. Gentlemen= are quite aware that we
could not dismiss persons in our employment, or put an end
to other engagements, until the termination, of the current
half year. The lessening of expenses is therefore chiefly pres-
pective, and will be gr idtndly coming into operiitiou. It
will, however, have the effect of increasing the profits, and
is another evidence of the prosperity of the concern. I be-
lieve, Gentlemen, I have no further observation to make to
you on this Report. We have been as anxious as it was
possible for any persons to be to diminish the expenses of
the Company. We have gone into a centralization of the
concern, if I may so term it. The Report tells you that two-
thirds of the Branches have taken the London stock ;
and the effect of that will be, that instead of each Branch
becoming the rival to the other, and each checking the
circulation of its neighbour, they will now have a mutual
interest to promote, and it will be immaterial to the share-
holders of any locality whether the notes which are circu-
lated be of that locality or any other—they will be equally
interested in any case in its producing a profit to the
general coneerh ; and thus, that which we found in
some localities to be a great check to the circulation
of the notes of the Bank generally, by one Branch
being the rival and antagonist of the other, will be corn-
pletely obviated. I believe I have now laid before you
the only observations it appears to me, necessary to make.
We shall of course - be quite ready to enter into any ex-
planations which any gentleman may require, and to court
..very investigation. I shall now put the question so as to
affiad any gentleman who chooses, an opportunity of ad-
dressing the chair upon any point which may appear to him
to require elucidation.
The CHAIRMAN then put the question, tip'
cne Rapert
received and adopted.

Several questions e.e
then put by the Proprietors as
to the
..atary expenses—increase of profits—number
of
. ~..Arectors, and other matters of detail, which wete satis-
factorily answered from the Chair,
A PROPRIETOR.—Am I to understand that the capi-
tal remains untouched ?
The CHAIRMAN.—Yes.
The PROPRIETOR.—And the profits have increased ?
The CHAlRMAN.—Decidedly.
The PROPRIETOR.—The greatest increase itl the amoetit
of profits has been since December last ?
The PROPRIETOR--Sash a report as this is highly satis-
factory to me, and must be equally so to all the Shaie-
holders. It is quite necessary that questions like these
should be put, because the Bank has not been standing
very high of late. Perhaps it would be desirable for the
Proprietors to know the opinion of the Directors as to
whether the affairs of the Company might not be as well
managed by 13 as by 16. If so, expense might be saved ;
and it would on that ground be de,irable that the Direc-
tion should remain as it at present stood.
The CHAIRMAN—It is on that account that we have
made no appointment to the vacant situations.
The PROPRIETOR—Perhaps it would be as well to have
the opinion of the Directors on that point.
The CHAIRMAN—We find ourselves quite competent to
conduct the business of the concern. A Sub-Committee
meets at the Bank daily, and watches over the progress of
every matter in which it is interested. The Directors
meet twice a week, which arrangement has been come to,
in order to lessen the expense. The present feeling of the
Directors is, that thirteen are competent to do the busi-
ness of the concern.—( Hear.) That of course leaves the
question open, of whether it may be deemed advisable to
ncrease the number?

A PROPRIETOR—What are the provisions of the deed
in such a case ?

The CHAIRMAN—The deed enables the Directors to
elect a person when any vacanc) occurs; but it does not con-
tinue that appointment, unless the next annual myting
confirms the preliminary appointment.
Another PROPRIETOR—In the event of a public meeting
having afterwards taken place, where no confirmation of
the appointment takes &Ice, does the deed empower the
Directors to carry on the business without increasing the
number ?

The CHAIRMAN—Yes, it does. If any gentleman
thought proper to send in his name, we should have can-
vassed his election here. But we are now in this predica-
ment that no name has been sent in, and therefore we are
not at liberty to increase the number.
A PROPRIETOR—And is it the feeling of the Board that
13 are enough to conduct the business of the concern ?

The CHAIRMAN—At present 13 work the business use-
fully and satisfactorily, There is no arrear in our books.
Some of the 'oranches are yet under inspection, but the
?ccoUlts are brought up to the last moment. No letter
gas been neglected, no inquiry unanswered, and all the bu-
siness of the concern is done completely to the day.—
(Cheers.)
A PROPRIETOR—I shall only trouble our Honourable
Chairman with one question. I wish to know whether it is
the custom of this Bank to advance money upon shares ?
The CHAIRMAN—We have not done so, and as an indi-
vidual Director, I would say that it is an unwise proceeding.
That was one of the great reasons why we wished to alter
the local system, for in spite of every caution of ours, the
local Directors were in the habit of advancing money
upon the local shares, although not to any extent,
yet we considered it injudicious, and it was one
of our motives for putting forward the plan of
centralization. But I have no hesitation in meeting the
question to the fullest extent, and I can state that from the
establishment of the Bank to the present day, not one
shilling has been advanced upon London stock or London
shares.—(Hear, hear.)
A PROPRIETOR said it was quite necessary that that
should be understood, because an impression had gone
abroad that the National Bank was in the habit of advanc-
ing money upon shares.
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, I am able to pledge my-
self to you that not a single shilling has been so advanced
by this Company.—(Hear.)
A PROPRIETOR said he was sorry they were giving the
Chairman so much trouble ; but he was desirous of know-
ing whether any of the branches were at the present pe-
riod unprofitable ?
The CHAIRMAN said there had been a loss at particular
branches, and these had arisen chiefly fsom indiscretion
and want of judgmer. Some •of them had not made
a dividend to the local Shareholders, but actual loss
beyond that, he believed scarcely existed in any of the
Branches—nothing, certainly, that deserved the consi-
deration of the shareholders. They could not, in all cases,
get persons who were not acquainted with banking concerns
to act with proper judgment and discretion in the office of
local Directors.—(Hear.) There had been a degree of
flippancy in some cases in giving credit, which they had
been obliged to check, and to remove the persons who had
not been sufficiently cautious in that respect. He could
state, however, that, on the general average, the branches
had been abundantly productive, and, he would add, that
' some of them were singularly so.
A PROPRIETOR said he had heard that seine of the
branches had not. been productive, and therefore he wished
to know whether the Directors intended to continue them?

The CHAIRMAN said the gentlemen might depend upon it
that where there was a likelihood of not obtaining profit,
not to speak of loss, the Directors would not continue the
branch a single moment.
Another PROPRIETOR said he believed that it was the
general opinion that the charter of the Bank of Ireland
would not he renewed by the present Government, and that
was a question of some importance to the interests of the
National Bank. If the question were not an improper one,
he should like to know whether the Shareholders should not
exert themselves to petition the Legislature against the
renewal of that charter, and whether the Directors might
not be able to advance such petitions.
The CHAIRMAN said the question of the renewal of the
.Bank of Ireland charter was one upon which, so far
as he could learn—and he possessed no exclusive sources
ofinformation, and lie could only, therefore, offer a
conjecture—but he believed the Government had not yet
come to any decision. It was, however, generally supposed
by persons well-informed upon the subject, that it was im-
possible the monopoly could be allowed to cont'nue in its
present shape. The branches of the National Bank were
not within the-monopoly—that was to say, it was a mono-
poly which excluded them from having branches within the
locality reserved for the Bank of Ireland, being a circuit of
fifty miles round Dublin. The towns within that locality
were i.-uffering excee.lingly from the want of banks. Drog-
heda, Dundalk, and Newry have concurred in taking up
the question. With respect to Newry it was in this situa
tion—that a calculation or measurement was taken by the
high road, and it was found to be out of the monopoly ;
but,
unfortunately an improvement was made in the line of
road, and Newry got the benefit of having the road and
the monopoly into the hargain.—_(Much laughter.) These
towns had sent delegates to London, and two gentleman had
waited upon him, one the Mayor of Drogheda, and the other
a highly respectable and intelligent mercantile man ; and
they were about to-wait upon the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, to point out the impropriety and injustice of con-
tinuing the monopoly. Ireland was now—he was not talk-
ing polities—(A laugli)—provincialized for almost e% cry
Purpose of Government and taxation, and it would 1,3 too
b td to be made a nation of for no other purpose than to

_ .
sustain a Monopoly. (Ltind • cheers.) He had the
strongest impressions against its continuance, but he did not
think it possible that the monopoly should extend beyond
Dublin, and it would be very wrong to permit it to exist
even in Dublin He aid not see why there should not be
a free trade in banking as well as in everything else._
ar.)
A PROPRIETOR said; as same allu,ion had been made
to the monetary crisis of last year, it would be satisfactory
to the Pro)rietors at large to know whether they had suf-
fered by bad debts at that period from the number of Bill,
they
'Flue CHAIRMAN—We suffered in this way—from the
want of punctuality in the payment of these bills. Thu
amount of unpaid fills over due increased very much, and
it was necessary for us, therefore, to leave more of our ca-
pital in D for the purpose of meeting our running en-
gagemenis ; but I have great pleasure in stating that our
loss from these unpaid bills has been comparatively very
ttiflng. Indeed I was astonished myself to see how trifling
the 'loss was.

A PitoPmETott-----Had merely put the question to as-
certain it the bad debts of the concern ere more than the
usual proportion, and he was glad to find that such was
not the case.
Another PROPRIETOR 6'eggeil to ask whether, in the
event of the Charter of the Bank of Ireland not being re-
newed, there was any likelihood of another call being made.
The CHAIRMAN did not sce the probability of their making
mother call. At present there was not the slightest necessity,
and they would issue new shares if occasion required it, ra-
ther than make a further call. If theßat
meetinga flreland cohfarttielr.
was limited, it might be necessary to call
Proprietors on the question of issuing new shares, 89 as to
ge. into the Northern part of Ireland. That district hal
been overstocked with banks when they commenced, and
he was satisfied that they had acted with proper caution
and prudence in not pressing themselves into that quarter.
It would be necessary to hare a formal and general meeting
of tile shareholders called before they could issue any new
hares.

A PROI,RISTOR said th it some time since there had been
an action succossfelly ' . .
the Manet— • by a PArty against one of
Jo'n't Stock Banks, on the principle that
one of the Proprietors WaA a eiergNinarn had any Act
Iteeti peiseti to Obviate that inconventoce ?
The CHAIRMAN 5A1,.1 the actin, had beeti successfully
defended ott the
}ground that one of the shareholders was
a elefgyniam . Ilurfe *ere two dr three Other legal points
uhelei' discussion ; and he was diligently and vigilantly
watching, in order to have the law remedied in case the
decision was adverse to Joint Stock Companies. He had
been attending closely to the matter, but, perhaps it would
be better not to discuss these questions of law now, because
in giving hips legal opiiiion he 'Hight tiniy be exposing- the
masoning upon which he thought the law was in
their favour, to the parties, the knavish parties
interested in evading it. He could assure the pro-
prietor, however, that he had hi 4 eye vigilantly
fixed upon the matter, and that he considered it part of his
personal duty to watch the question as closely as his pro-
fessional knowledge would enable him. He thought the
session could not pass over without some quietus being put
upon that mere point of chicanes-,---( H.eat.) It was how
his duty to put the qttestion that the Report be received and
adopted.
The motion was then put and carried unanimously.
Mr. HUTCHINSON, a Proprietor, then proposed a vote
of thanks to the Directors, for the very able and satis-
factory manner in which they had attended to the interests
of the concern.—(Cheers.)
The motion, having been seconded, 'vas put, and carried
unanimously.
A Paoralwroa then moved a specific vote of thanks to
their Chairman, for the kindness and courtesy he had
evinced,throughout the proceedings of the day, and for the
zeal and attention he had evinced to the interests of the
Company.
The motion was put, and carried by acclamation.
The CHAIRMAN briefly returned thankg. He was ex-
tremely grateful for their kindness, and any attention
he could pay to them was overrated, as it was merely
the courtesy due from one gentleman to another. He
was very proud of having received such a testimony
of their. approbation ; but be would take the liberty of say-
ing, that he deserved their thanks less than any other in-
dividual. On the success of the National Bank he had
rested not only his private but his public character, and if
any accident should mar its prosperity, he should suffer
not only pecuniarily, but. a great deal beyond what money
could repay.—(Hear, hear.) They had the full certainty
of the highest motives that could instigate any raan in at
tending to their affairs, in a person in his peculiar position.
—(Hear, hear.)
The meeting then broke up, all parties appearing highly
gratified with the proceedings of the day.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

TATTERSALL' S-YESTERDAy .

Comparing books occupied the attention of a densely-crowded
room until near five o'clock, from which time until half-past six the
Derby betting, compared to the dull afternoons we have noticed of
late, was tolerably brisk. The Grey, suffering, no doubt, from the
advance of other horses, was not so high in favour as before, one
bet of 9 to 2 and several of 4 to 1 having been laid against him.
Phoenix was fancied in several quarters at 5 to 1 and 11 to 2, the
latter being his closing price. Cobham was backed for several hun-
dred pounds at 9 and 10 to 1, and left off as on Monday. D'Egville
was also in request, but not• so generally as we had expected from
the dennstration at the beginning of the week. Young Rowton
and lon were backed for four or five hundred each, but did not
maintain the prices quoted in our paper of Tuesday last. Bullion,
a country horse, and for many weeks one of the 20 to 1 lot, made a
very distinct advance ; the odds first taken were 16 to 1, then 14,
after that several 12 and 13, and finally 14 to 1. The Gloucester-
shire gentlemen are of opinion tfiat they have a capital chance of
winning. Nonplus dropped several points; and as no one will back
him at any price he may lie considered out of the market. Two
bets were made about Albemarle, one at 30 and the second at 40 to
1. Drum-Major, Chemist, and Conservator as before. Very little
done in the Oaks. Closing prices

THE DERBY (WEDNESDAY NEXT).
4 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's Grey Momus—take 9 to 2
11 to 2 agst. Lord Jersoy's Phoenix—taken
9 to 1 agst Mr. Coombes's Cobham—taken
12 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's D'Egville—taken
12 to 1 agst Mr. Payne's Young Rowton—taken
13 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's lon—taken
14 to 1 agst Captain Berkeley's Bullion—taken
20 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird—taken & aft. offcrred
22 to 1 agst Lord Stradbroke's Beggarman—ditto
33 to 1 agst Mr. Forth's Conservator—offered
40 to 1 agst Mr. Edwards's Drum Major—offered
40 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Albemarle—taken
40 to 1 agst Ld Suffield's Bamboo—taken & afterwards offored
50 to 1 agst Sir G. Heathcote's Amato—offered
1000 to 15 agst Duke of Grafton's Chemist—taken
1000 to 10 agst Sir J. Boswell's Constantine—offered
1100 to 1000 on the field agst first three—taken
1000 to 25 agst Bullion winning the Derby and Mdtella or Barca-
rolle the Oaks—taken ; 50 to 1 was aft. offered
200 to 100 on Phoenix agst Young Rowton—taken
300 even on Young Rowton agst each of four, viz., Cobham, lon,
D'Egville, and bullion—taken
500 even between Young Rowton and Bullion
500 even between Young Rowton and Cobham—taken
THE OAKS (FRIDAY NEXT).
6 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's Ninny—offered
7 to 1 agst Lord Albemarle's Barcarolle—taken
10 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Callisto—taken

IRELAND.

(FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT.)

DUBLIN. MAY 23.

THE POLICE.— A rumour has been afloat to-day, and repeated upon
authority by those who might be supposed to know the facts. It is to
the effect that Colonel M`Gregor has declined to accept the situation of
Inspector-General of Constabulary, to which the Government had ap-
pointed him. He Was (At his way home from the West Indies when he
was nominated to the office, so that the appointment was made without
consulting him. He is a moderate Tory, and one of the Saints. No
one was prepared for such a decided step upon his part. Major War-
biirtcni is reported to he nominated to the office.
The Lord Lieutenant sailed yesterday for Holyhead, on his way to
London, to attend the Coronation.

IMPORTANT TITHE MEETINGS.—At BallyhAle, in the countyKilkenny,
a Tithe meeting at which one hundred and fifty thousand person
were present, was held upon Sunday last. The Chairman was a
Protestant, and many of the speakers were also Protestants. There was
an universal outcry against compromise upon this question, and wite;
1
one of the speakers put it to the meeting, whether they would submit t
have the tithes levied under another name, as was proposed in the Minis-
terial Bill, there was a general cry of " No, never.? At Taghmore, in
South Wexford, a similar meetirm was held, where upwards of ninety
thousand persons present, and where the same spirit was evinced.
Lord John Russell's present tithe plan will never be popular in this
country, nor will 1,, if it pass, be received as a boon by the people.
Early yesterday Morning, the Marquis of Ormonde expired, after an
illness of thirteen days, produced it is said by a severe cold.

CORP3RATE REFORM.—The Mail of this evening, and the Packet Of
yesterday evening, concede that the Irish corporations must be thrown
open to all classes of Irishmen. ' This agreement upon the point betra) s
instructions from high quarters, and is clearly indicative of the colas:,
the Tory leaders are about to take.
The proprietors of Lewis, Topographical Dictionary of Ireland, have.
brought an action against the Evening Mail for attacking it, the venue 0.
which is laid at Westminster Hall

Mr. Power continues as attractive as heretofore
the Haymarket. The following fashionables visited this theatre last
evening :—The Duke and Duchess of Beaufort, the Marquis and Mar-
chioness of Londonderry, the Earl and Countess of Harrington, Lord
and Lady Teynham, Lord Lowther, Lady Doraville, Lady Clifton, Lady
Riddle, Sir John and Lady Beckett, Sir William Brabazon, He". ,
and Mrs. Beamish, Sir John and Lady Hall, &c. &e.
SHAKSPEARE.—We are requested to state that the
new work, entitled" Shakspeare and his Friends ; or, the Golden Age
of Merry England," in three vols. post, Svo., is published this day by
Mr. Colburn, 13, Great Marlborough street, and may now be had at al!
the libraries. Mr. Colburn will also publish in a few days, " The
Greenwich Pensioners," by Lieut. Hatchway, R.N., three vols., and
" The Man About Town," by the author of " Glances at Life," &c..""
vols. Agents : for Scotland, Messrs. Bell and l3radfute, Edinburgh; for
Ireland, Mr. John Cumming, Dublin.
MANCHESTER AND BOLTON RAILWAY.-0"
Wednesday week an experimental trip was made on this line of railway,
which is now in such a state get carriages can be brought with satey
from one end to the other. `79

Penalties to a ci:nsickrable amount have been lately
obtained in the Isle of Wight against persons who have been seen fol.
lowing hounds without having taken out a game ecrtificatc. The penalty
and coati have in each case amounted to 'even guineas.

NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
IMPORTANT MEETING THIS DAY .

The Meeting on this important and interesting subject, which was
summoned about a week ago, took place at Exeter Hall. The exei•e-
ment upon this question appears, so far from diminishing, to be dai!), in-
creasing. Notwithstanding the shortness of the notice, the doors were
besieged long Wore the hour (10 o'clock) appointed for opening, and ad_
mittanCe being given at about half-pest the Course of half an
hour the large room was crowded with•a most respectable Audience.
On the platform were several hundred Delegates from a❑ parts of the
United Kingdom, who have come up to town to represent the feelings
of the_great mass of the population throughout the empire on this
subject.

We observed on the platform G. Thomson, Esq. (the Anti-Slavery
Advocate),
Revs. Dr. Morison, EUstate Carey, J. Gilbert (of Notting-
ham), J. Sturge, Esq., Mr. Handley, M.P., H. Allen, Esq., Sir C. Style,
M.P., %V. Ewart, Esq. (late M.P. for Liverpool), Sir G. Strickland,
E Baines, Esq., J. ScholefieKi, Esq., IV P., Long, Esq., M.P.,
G. Bennett, Esq., Rev. J. Burnet, and J. Conder, Esq. 4,
Almout five minutes past eleven, the vast audience beginning to
manifest some symptoms of impatience,
Mr. GEORGE THOMSON (who was loudly cheered) approached the front
of the platform, and said, Lord Brougham has not yet arrived—the
arrangements ate nearly completed, and the Chair will be taken the
Morrient his Lordship arrives.—(Cheers )
About twenty minutes past eleven Lord Brougham appeared upon
the platform. His Lordship was received with the most enthusiastic
and tremendous cheering, the whole audience rising with one accord,
~with waving of hats and handkerchiefs; and time applause was renewed
and continued fOr at least five minutes,

His Lettbstfte having taken the chair, spoke as follows :—The last
time I had the honour of addressing you from this place, I said what
I deeply felt, that I had never met the assembled thousands of my fel-
low-countrymen, and permit me to add, of my fellow countrywomen,
under feelings of greater anxiety, and more calculated to rouse and
interest one's mind. I now address you under feelings of not less in-
terest certainly, but of incomparably less anxiety than I then did.
We were then only in A state of atieleus expectation, ' with some,
indeed, of sanguine—but in others of trembling bope—who, from
vernment exerted powerfully, strenuously, AO untemitt;ne.,,
long experience of public men—from having the influence of Go.
against
them —from a knowlAge, painful, but, I fear I must add, faithful—Or
he fickle, not to say c6rrupt, nature of those who in many instances
r•nineose the toffislattirst—'44it HO 1-;:is tfenfitlirie indeed. And soon
'l/2'.e fietlie.f, ;Zasee tor these apprehensions; fqr When my Hoe. Friend
Sir G. Strickland— (Cheers)—the Member for that great comity, which
3 11$ qie greatest pride of my public life to have represented,
and to'whlch representation I was mainly recommended—l record it
with pride, because it is a triumph of our cause—l was mainly recom-
inefided, as Sir 0. Strickland and Mr. Balees, M.P. for Leeds—
(CheerS)—eleell finete—i tees reeinly recommended to the exalted
station of Member for Yorkshire by the pert MOO Iliad let thirty years
taken on the great question of slavery and the slave trade.—(Cheers.)
When Sir G. Sttickland brought 'forward the motion, met, he
was; l.)' the tsnremitting hostility of the Government, who, to
their eterhal ellsgriiee-e-(Letfil and repeated cheers)—to their lasting
shame—(Renewedecheers)—and if retribtitide follows desert to their
own undoing—(Continued cheering)—exerted the whole weight of or
position against him—be was defeated by a majority of no less than 40.
—(Hear, hear.) So far, then, we have grounds for apprehension. But
when I come to look to the manrer in which the majority was com-
po-e , s d I felteewhet I took the liberty of expressing in a letter
through the Delegate S—l felt confident that our cause was
making progress, and that victory would ere long crdsdn oilr exertions
--(Cheers)—not that there was any relaxation on the part of our
adversaries—not that the planters' eyes were more opened to their
own interests—not that the Government weakened their hostility
to our eiiuse; oil the eoritteryi immediately after the division,
there came an Act, which for oppressive ihjustiee; for absolute
infatuation, I defy the history of faction or of Governments to produce
a parallel.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") Lord C. Fitzroy was dismissed
from his office about the Queen's person, because he had conscientiously
given all Honest s.,ote to abolish the slavery of the negroes—(Cheers)—as
if to teach, on the one hand, the people of thi.teottrltq that no man but
at his highest peril durst take part to support the unanimous bite of
that people—as if to teach all in office that it was at the highest
peril that they dared have a will of their own—(Hear, hear, and
continued cheers)—as if to teach the Sovereign herself that it was at
the peril of those around her that she Was surrounded by the friends
of the people and theadvocates of liberty—and as if to teach, for that
was the main object of the lesson they taught, to teach every man in
office, and every man expectant of office—(Cheers)—that place and
pelf were not for hint if he durst support the Voice of the people of Eng-
land in favour of the liberties of the people of England.—(Tremendous
cheering.) Therefore it is that I was justified In shying What the
fact compelled me to say, that if I still entertained hopes sangUin d though
after defeat in the first instance, of our cause finally triumphing, it Was
not because our adversaries were less zealous—not because they were
more scrupulous—and above all, not because that which alone has
hitherto defeated us, Government hostility was at all relaxed. Never-
theless, I congratulate you, from the bottom of my heart; this day, that
our fears are now for the present allayed, and that we have gained a
victory in the Commons House of Parliament. Now, it will not do to
tell us that the division took place in a thin House. There were 260-persons
who recorded, partly by their votes, partly by pairing—who recorded
their sentiments upon that question.--(Cheers.) Whose fault was it
that the House was thin ?—(Hear.) The doors were open—(Laughter)—
there was room enough for those that chose to take their places—there
was no one to keep them away—l hope there were no ones in the lobby
hinting that it would be better to have a thin House—(Laughter)---4
hope there were no persons, runners of the Treasury—Under Secretaries
and Private Secretaries, and the rest of such fry—(Laughter)—active
in their vocation, of hinting, that as there was a chance of being
beaten, the less the attendance in the House upon the defeat, the
better—(Laughter)—and hope there were no means taken to keep men
away from the fear that they durst not vote with the Goeernme it aga•is
their constituents. I hope there were no hints received at the Trea-
sury from men in the situation of poor Mr. Berke]. y, who had been
thrown out at Gloucester, expressly and avowedly, and in words
written under the hands of the parties, because he had voted against
the people, and against the people of Gloucester particularly. I hoee
that it was not in consequence of this hint, arid of plain
indications from many other Members, of whom I could
name a dozen or two at this moment— (Repeated cheers)
who have since the vote on Sir G. Strickland's motion avowed that if
Parliament were dissolved to-morrow, they would be as certain of being
turned out as if they had never been in.—(Hear, and laughter.) I
know persons whose influence is tremendous in the large towns which
they represent—my Hon. Friend near me knows whom I mean—(Hear)
—for they don't. come far from Yorkshire--I know persons con.
meted with the neighbouring County Palatine of Lancaster, who re-
present great interests in these large places, where their interest is para-
mount also, and these persons have said that since their votes on Sir G.
Strickland's motion, if' a dissolution carne within any reasonable
number of months or years, before their late conduct was forgotten
by their constituents, or compensated for by better behaviour—
(Hear, hear, and laughter)--they were just as certain of being
flung out of their seats as if they had never stood to represent those
placese—(Loud cheers.) Therefore I suspect, although I hopeqhat it is
remindan
not true, that there is some foundation for the rumour current, that
meincorrectly to
d you
lessly, at a late meeting of the Delegates, that gentlemen, holding office
o
tinder the Government, had manfully anti boldly avowed that they were
ground_
umuch communication had taken place, backwards and forwards, previous
And t
to Sir E. Wilmot's notion—that it was said, " Well, if you cannot vote with
us,f at
what least
stay
taawkaeyi Pt
'rafor granted
t ethis m
. leads s
not deterred by the example of the dismissial of Lord Charles Fitzroy;
was you a
t mayestated,
b i,t
that they would do their duty and vote for Sir E. Wilmot's motion, and
let the Government turn them out if they durst.—(Cheers.) Why do
I say I don't believe a word of it ? 'Why do I say that I don't believe
any of these gentlemen made that blustering threat? Because I have
looked carefully for the names of those individuals who voted on Sir E
Wilmot's motion, andinoCone of them voted for it. They did not vote
against it, but they did not vote for le—Meer, hear.) It was voting for
it that turned out Lord C. Fitzroy. Nothing was more mean or pitiful
than for men to pretend to more courage or virtue than they possessed,
so no man was so pitiful as him who 'pretended to vote under the risk
of being turned out of office, when he knew all the 'while that be was
resolved in his own base heart not to redeem that pledge, and not to
vote at all.—(Cheers.) Therefore I take it for granted that this must
have been all a mere groundless fabrication, and that no such preten.
sion to political virtue or political courage was ever made by any of
those most respectable individuals.—(lleare hear, and laughter.) But now
it is said that it was an early division as well as a thin House. I have
examined something respecting the thinness of the House, and I shall
say a word on the earliness of thedivision: You may call fora division,but
it does not follow, that you will get it.—(Hear, hear.) I have heard
over and over again loud calls of " Question" when they thought it ex-
pedient to stop my mouth—when I was about to' reply to two or three
speaker-
S
who preceded me, when they thought it more judicious and
clever to have it all their own way, '
and to obtain a division without my
being allowed to answer them. No doubtl have heard " questem" called
for, but it produced not the least effect upon` me. I stood
till the call had ceased, and then I went on with my argument.
And then the division came no doubt—the question no doubt was then
rut, but it was put alter I had spoken, and not before. Then suppose
our friends had called for a division, whose fault was it that they got a
division ? The enemy had very nearly the same number of votes with
ourselves—only three votes less, and why could they not stop the divi.
,ion just as they had stopped another division last night?—(Hear, hear,
and a laugh. ) Now, just observe— I utterly deny we called for a division
it was their division not ours.—(Hear, hear.) But suppose we had
—called for it (putting it in the strongest way against ourselves)
and they wanted to debate and not to divide; and that they intended to
debate till two o'clock in the morning, and to bring forward
all those excellent and irrefragable arguments in favour of
slavery; whose fault was it we got what we wanted and got
a division ? Just see what the same persons did last
night. Sir James Graham brings forward a motion for the sake of
doing justice, as lie conceives, and purifying the elective franchise in the
county of Roxburgh, and removing one of the polling pldces—Hawick.
A long and able speech is made by that Right Hon. person. The
Government saw if they were to divide then they would be beaten.
What did they do ? There is a great call of questiori no doubt, but do
the Government give a division ? They will neither debate nor divide ;
but they set up a Gentleman, a great friend of theirs, to speak
against time, as it is called; that is to say, to speak so
long till Hon. Members come down who arc ready to vote
against the motion ; and accordingly up he gets and speaks ; but sell
there is not a sufficient number, and there is no division ; but they
move an adjournment, and accordingly they adjourn till to_-lay, in
order that they may get a better House.—(Great laughter.) '['hat is
what I understand from the newspapers of this morning. First there
is a speech against time, and then there is a motion to adjourn the de-
bate. Why did they y not do that last Tuesday night ? At all events,
they had plenty of people to speak.—(Laughter.) Lord John Russell,
the great' enemy of negro emancipation—(Hisses)—he did not
sPeake—(Continued hissing.) I am glad to hear a hiss. I
will stop nosy and sit down till the gentleman who hisses
comes forward, and says that Lord John Russell is not the enemy
of negro emancipation. (Cheers.) If he is not the enemy of
negro emancipation, I am very glad of it, for then we shall carry our
question._(Lorin cheers.)
4.11 Individual in the body of the meeting here rose, and said he
apprehended the hissing was intended as a reprobation of the conduct of
Lord John u"ell R —(Cries of" Yes, yes," and " Hear, hear.")
--
Lord Bement/ter—l am much obliged to our friend for the inti-
mation:; but I do not approve of it, even with that view, for
Lord John Russell is a peason fer whom I have the greatest respect.
I say distinctly and plainly what I think of his conduct. It is unfor-
tunate—it is infatuated—it is injurious to the cause of the Govern-
ment itself, and, what is worse, to our cause.—(Great applause )
We are not adverse to the Government. I would rather hear
any other expression of feeling towards them than that kind of hiss.—
( Hear hear,) I hope and trust that this will be a hint and suggestion to
Lord John Russell, that it will cause him to reconsider and amend the
error of his ways, —( Applause.) eAfter all, it was they who called for
the division and not we. (Hear, hear, hear.) The friends of the
cause had argued the question. Sir Eardley Wilmot had stated
our case. Mr. Villiers had made an excellent and 'argumenta.
tire speech, and Mr. Bulwer had ably closed the case for us in
an eloquent address, and all our friends were ready to answer their ob_
ject ions. It was the adverse party that called for the division.—(llear,
hear.) The.y.
thought that by the mute eloquence of numbers they
could answer the manly argument of eloquence and right feeling—
(Hear)—and that they would get a favourable division if they had not
a favourable debate.—(Vehement applause.) The result is, that their
I trick failed.--(Cheers.; Their stratagem is discomfited. The good and
. lright cause has triumphed, and we gained the victory.—(Loud cheering.)
I will not sayit was in spite of their arguments—for argument they
offered none—but in spite of the influence of the Government and the
rianter.alliance—(Cheers.) And what is this le" It is nothing more or

less than that the Co-runt:Os of England have recorded their solemn reso-
lution upon the Journals of the.CommOtio House of Parliament—tit:A it
is the opinion of the representatives of the English people that slavery
dhail &me —immediately and entirely. Let me see the man endued with
the courage tO to rescind that resolution.—,(llenetved cheers) Let
me see the man who will move t 7 .!eseind that resolution which he. did
not dare to resist by his argument.—(Applatsse,) Who stood by, or
rather sat by—(A laugh)—and would 'not vote, or speak, or debafe
the question—(Hear., hear)—who was absolutely mute when the ques-
tion was put upon Sir E. Wilmot's motion—let me see that man move
to rescind the resolution. They were anxious to have a Ilivision without
a debate. It was not a case in which we got a narrow majority by stir.
prise. The question had been debated from the beginning of the Session.
Neither is it a case on Winch the House of Commons, by a narqpw ma
jority, has come to one resolution, and the people of the country are of
an opposite opinion, or very divided in their opinion upon that resolu-
tion, because all the world knows as well as. that the Sun shines by day
—all the world, all Europe knows, that if there is any question upon
which the people
_are unanimous, it is upon that of negro emancipation.
All argument, then, all experience, all justice, all religion, all humanity,
and all policy being one Way, all the people of this country, with what_
ever difference of .opinion the country may be chequered upon other
subjects, being with wonderfully unanimity and unexampled perseve-
rance agreA upon this—(Cheers)—they are decidedly in favour of
this resolution of the House of Commons who represent, or pretend to
represent the people—(Cheers)—who rid not represent, but did misre-
present the people upon Sir George Stricklatij's motion-L(Loud
cheering)—having at length come into accort: with the
feelings of their constituents, and having recorded the expressioi: of that
feeling. I again say, I pause to ktivw where that man will be fou:.`d
who will be bold enough to move to nullify the resolution—(Cheers)
—to thwart the just wishes of the people of this country, and to move by
an unexampled and almoit unprecedented at lick upon the privileges,
conduct and consistency of the House of Comnons, to move that that
should be held in the negative one day, which the week
before was voted in the affirmative.—(toud cheers.) Be that
as it may, the resolution now stands ; the people of this country and the
Parliament are once more in harmony; both are pointing the same
way, and there goes out to the West Indies a cheering, comforting, most
consoling, and animating prospect to the poor.Negro—(Great cheering)—
that that which all England had before decreed, and which Parliament
had alone differed upon, had at length found favour in the sight of Par_
liament itself, and the Legislature of the laud had determined that his
chain shopld be struck off' lam informed by a friend of mine'who knows
these matters perfectly--I mean Mr. Scolgil-,-whose name cannot

rut expressions of gratitude to him for his great cam.,
be I
mentioned w...
ain DiL. rmed by him that the itexs has already gone
lions in this cause,
tiZefore, who would rescind the
out —(Great cheering.) Let those,
r that news has gonel
resoltition beware bow they stand, if, a week ata. -
:esterday, the
out, the attempt to oppose that which, the day beftre
,Lnything
House of Commons sanctioned. It will be their fault, if
happens in consequence.—(Cries of " Hear, hear," and loud cheering.,
The negro is peaceful and long.suffering. The annals of our history
show us nothing that comes next to the long-suffering and patient en-
durance of the negro—such peaceful compliance with tyrannical power
—such calm temper—such mildness as had been shown by the negro.
—(Cheers.) But there is an end to all endurance. Every thing must
have its limit. A worm if trod upon would turn, and even the patience
of:the negro might be pushed too hard, and if the Parliament by its
vote for once, in accordance with the voice of the people, whose ser-
vants they were, has first held out the cup of, hope to the parched lips
()tithe slare, and then, ere yet he has wetted those parched lips from that
blessed cup of hope, the same Parliament by another, a rude and impi-
ous Act, as well as a most cruel, and a most wicked act of violence, and
by mere force of numbers, dash that cup of hope front those lips parched
as they have been by such cruelties—l say that not even the patience of
the negro will be able to endure the mockery.—(Cheers.) I do not
now, under the circumstances, for it would be absurd, enter into
or renew the arguments which we formerly used upon previous occa-
sions—argutnents worn threadbare—arguments as familiar to every one
present as that the sun shines at noonday, and withdraws his light (luring
the shades of night. We are now to consider practically the state of
our case, and thank God we now see the prospect of arriving at a most
glorious' end of our labours.—(Cheers.) All we have to do is to perse.
vere peaceably, but strenuously—we must let nothing seduce us from
the performance of our duty, and the day, nay the hour, is not far dis-
tant, when the victory is ours.—(Cheers,) It gives me great satisfac.
Lion, that though some who toiled most earnestly in (lur cause all their
lives-alit'es devoted to this cause—who acted strenuously with us—whose
exertions laid the foundation of our triunniti, have gone from hence,
but only to be deprived of an earthly reward in order to obtain a more
imperishable recompence. . I allude to such men as Wilberforce—as
Granville Sharpe the earliest patriarch of our causes-7(Cheers)—as
Stevens, one of our most strenuous, active, and useful supporters, but,
above all, for those have long since passed from us, I speak chiefly of
one who upon the last occasion of our meeting, was anxiously with us
in heart, but who since that time has also passed away—l speak
chiefly of Zacharaill Macaulay—a man whose whole life—whose health,
whose fortune, and whose whole energies were spe it in our holy cause.
I regret that he was not suffered to live to see the triumph of last Tues.
day.—(Hear, hear.) Had he witnessed it, his feelings on departing this
life would have resembled those of his friend and mine, Mr. Wilber.
force, as to the passing of the Emancipation Bill.—(Cheers.) But it is
delightful to think that there is still left to feel the triumph, and to sym.
pathise in our exultation, one of .the earliest and- most useful of our
friends, Thomas Clarkson.—(Loud cheers.) Ile, thank God, is yet
spared to US-s-long may he be so.—(Loud cheers) He has la-
boured, notwithstanding his declining years and his exhausted
frame within the last few days, by a great exertion of his pen, in a cause
connect ad with the i,:yesent,—She abominable, new eastern slave trade-
-(Elear, hear, and loud chea.:sl—which is s°°ll' I believe to see the
he may have health and strength
light—aird is a proof', perhaps the ;fts'..*. : :ark.— (Cheers.) There
„to give, of his unquenchable zeal in the
greaiin his life, whose
is no man who has been more exemplary
Ltwards
public conduct. has been more virtuous, and whose latter cm;
which he approaches, (I trust but slowly,)' more deserves to be the
" end of peace."—(Cheers.) Well may we say of him, as was said,by
one of our poets:—

" For him no wretch is born to work and weep, • •
Explore the mine, or search the dangerous deep,.
Onward he bends, to meet his latter end, •
Angels around support him, virtue's friend
While pious resignation slopes the way;
And all his prospects brightening to the last,
His heaven commences me the world is past."
(Loud cheers.) And if anything—next to the success of-this great cause--
could mop, tend to soothe his declining years, it is•the enjoyment which

I am sure he experimces, and no less deserves, at hearing of an assem-
bly like this.--(Cheers.) Let me now, having opened our proceedings—
at greater length, I am afraid, than I ought—(" No, no," and great cheer.
ing)—but I thought it was rendered necessary by the misrepresentations
of our adversaries—let me now entreat that our proceedings may
be conducted with that calmness and temperance, and absence of all un-
necessary excitement, which have hitherto marked our proceedings, and
which is well worthy ofa worthy cause—(Hear)—let us show that though
calm, we are not the .less determined to be firm and to persevere.
that we regard with abhorrence any attempt to divest us (I won't use
any harsh expression), but to divest us (I won't use any harsh name
for it) by any measure or any stratagem of the advantage that we
gained on Tuesday last, and which we have a right to keep—(Cheers)—
and, above all, that every eye will be directed to the conduct, not
only of the Government and the planters, but of all the Members
without whose votes they can do nothing against us, and that every
Member will be marked by Isis vote—(Cheers)—and that it will be held
no excuse at all for any roan representing a popular place, or any man
with a conscience, whether he represents more constituents or fewer,
that he should haVe it to say, " I could not vote with you; I was
obliged to vote against you, because if I did not I should lose my place."
The 'answer is—" What! can't you afford to keep a conscience?—
(Cheers.) Why, you can'afford to keep a carriage—(Loud laughter)—
and rather than say, I'll roll my worthless person about in a
carriage when I cannot afford to keep a conscience, which alone
makes a man worthy of the name of man—(Loud and reite.
rated cheering which prevented the conclusion of the Noble Lord's
sentence from being heard.) The large and populous towns in York-
shire and Lancashire had the franchise given to them by the Parlia.
mentary Reform Bill in order that the popular voice might be repre-
sented.— (Cheers.) What, you pretend to represent Sheffield—(Great
cheering)--=you pretend to represent Manchcsta—(Renewed cheers)—
'you-pretend to repreSent Halifax ?—(Continued cheers) These places
were endowed with the elective franchise expressly because it was said
to be scandalous, shameful, and intolerable that such places as ranches.
ter, Sheffield, and Halifax should have no voice in Parliament. We
gave them the voice, and what do they do? Ten thousand times worse
. .

than when there was no voice at all —(Great cheering) Devonport above
all !—(Tremendous the ring.) The very head and front of their offend-
ing—the
very man who is at the bottom of all the mischief in the Co-
lonial Office is the Member for Devonport—(Cheers)—and having the
greatest affection and veneration for the name which he bears in the
person of the head of that family—(Che:rs)—l wish he bore any other
name than that.—(Tremendous cheering.) Norwich has also been
represented or misrepresented; but I remember when it was represented
by a gentleman of the name of Smith ; and if there is one of those de-
parted worthies of our great cause whose removal from this scene is more
to be regretted than another, it is my excellent, amiable, and honest
friend, William Smitls.—(Cheers.) , I hope the one who bears the
second of these names will live. long and not be removed from this
scene, because if he live long he will learn that it is not unbecoming of
him, or beneath his dignity,to follow in the footsteps of h's revered father.
I ask the men who represent the new constituencies of Devonport, and
Manchester, ' Sheffield, and Halifax.—(Cries of " Stroud.") Yes,
Stroud—(Great theering)—and as an old Whig and a friend of the re-
volution of 1688, which gave us our liberties and our religious liberty,
I hold that 1 aril not much snore impatient of the name of Russell being
degraded than the name of Grey being degraded.—(Cheers.) As for the
flame of Scrope I know less about it—there have been characters of the
name of Scrope at different times in our history ; but they don't shine
as the Russells and the .Greys do, and therefore I pass them
over.—(Hear, hear.) But if it do so happeh , that. Stroud, Shef
field, Manchester, Devonport, and Halifax—(an individual on
the platform said that Mr. Protheroe, one of the MemberS forsHalifax,
voted for us.)—Halifax then is just- as it was before the. Reforin Bill.
One of the Members, who is Secretary to the Admiralty, voted against
us--the other, who is not Secretary to the Admiralty, voted for us; and
I remember that Mr. Protheroe, when a candidate for Bristol, risked the
loss of his seat by standing by me in the motion which I made for
emancipation in the' year 1830.—(Great cheering.) But these other
places are worse off than before they were represented at at all. For-
merly their voice was not heard—n,r, their voice is not only not heard,
but they have the miserable satisfaction of a mockery of
, the elective franchise—(Hear;—they send Members to Parliament
who make a point of voting against them—(Cheers.) Therefore I
should be in no way surprised if those brave and gallant men, the con-
Stittiencies of those immense towns, were to make knqwn to their Re-
presentatives that though they are in office--:4 admit they will all be
turned out of office if they refuse to vote—that though they may say
they cannot afford to keep a conscience, these men should tell them if
you can afford to keep a carriage you can afford to keep a conscience,
as I said before; but they should add, lay down your carriage rather
than lay down your conscience—(Cheers)—and trudge, as many an
honest mars does, along the streets—aye, rather sweep the streets
for honester men as they walk along- (Hear, and great cheering)
than roll along those swept streets which, honester men than yourselves-
I won't say, but as honest men as you, walk along and swe p for you.—
(Great cheering.) But, to be sure, I have no right to say one word
against any of these men, 'if they will tell me they did not vote against.
their opinions. They very likely may think that slavery is a very'
useful and excellent thing, and ought to be continued. 1 don't quarrel
with men for their opinions, but if they :entertained this opinion, they
have an opinion very much to themselves among reasonable men.—
(Cheers.) But they don't speak the sense of their constituents. :they
may keep their conscience, and their courage, and their places also, but
there is one place they have no right to keep, and that is, being
Members of those places.—(Hear, hear, hear, and loud cheers.)
Then you may address them in other language, and say
it these arc your conscientious opinion Save are sorry for it, and can no
longer have your assistance in Parliament—you will be the best Under.
secretaries of State that ever afflicted the'colonies—the most prodigious
Secretaries to the Admiralty, that ever wielded the terrors of the British
navy—the most inordinately exalted Home Secretaries of State that
ever were known in this nether world—you may be the best of all de-
scriptions of men, but there is one distinction which yoU have no right
to, and that is to be Members for those places.—[Mr: O'Connell here en-
tered the room, and was greeted with the most enthusiastic cheering.]
Therefore, all I can say is, ":don't give up your places because those yea
can keep consistently enough—don't give up your equipages as long as
you have those places—but give up your seats for Tievonport, for Hali-
fax, for Sheffield, for Manchester, and for Stroud.—(Cheers.) Because,
although you are very conscientious men, you don't happen to suit the c
places—because you misrepresent them by running counter to the ori.
nians of your constituents."—(Loud cheers.) And now, the entrain e
of Mr. O'Connell reminds me of another point. Nothing could be more
i c•onsistent, as he will-bear witness, and as all know who have attended
to the history of Parliament, than my adherence to theft;liberal prin.
i ciples, and towards the government of that misgoverned country, which
