WESTMINS'i Ea ABBEY.

TO THE tDITOR OF THE TIMBS.-
. Sim—Having seen-in .your excellent paper of Saturday, tTttly
16, some accounts of Westminster Abbey and other Cahettrals,
and the misapplication of the funds belonging to the s holeof
those establishments, and having lived near the Abbey tinily
!life, I inn induced to 'acquaint you, that I know-persinially
_that
many grievous abusea do exist. lam sure.you will,agree with
me, that it is high time the disgraceful disputer, between the
-Dean, ,the minor canons, the singing-rnett; anti the pirblic,
(which to my knowledge have existed many years) should he
put an end to.. It is said that the members of the choir have
just -cause fut. complaipt, for that_the Dean (by reducing
the admission of persons who go to see the,Abbey) has re-
duced their yearly stipends nearly•half. Thiii is done to please
and quiet a little the public, as so much has been said about
it ; but this has been dome at the expellee of the choir, when it
is well known, that the Dean and Prebends shared betiveen• them
last year, near 30,000/., independently of .the good • livings they
each of them hold under the college ;- and that in consequence
of the vast improvethems. making hi Tothill-fields, and 'other
places, together with fines, renewal of leasett, &c., so that it is
estimated their stipends will soon bedoubled. Is it nat. therefore
their duty, out of that great stun. to apportion a reasonable shaTe
to the choir; and not (to the disgrace. of this country) "require
them to degrade themselves, by 'collecting three-pene front
every person admitted into the Abbey, and then one ,shilling
more tbr seeing dirty wax-work, dusty models of churches,
&c., to save their own pockets ? The Abbey should be free to
the public, without paying, as it' appeals by yhur paper Of
July 16, that ample provision has been' merle for.every mem-
ber of that establishment, though it has been withheld from
them. The public then may fairly ask, (as they are in pair,
the supporters of the nilnor 'canons and sinking-tnen by their
contributions), what :tr.:: the yearly stipends which the members
of the choir receive from the Dean ? The atewer is, only 15(.,
and this is all the Dean will give them, until he is forced by the
proper authority to give them what is, their right. as at thus::
Cathedrals spoken of in your paper: Is it reasonable then, or
just, that the best cathedral singers in the country, who belong
to the Abbey, should .be satisfied with such a paltry sum as
151. a-year, when the ipconne-of the Dean and chapter has ppi
much' increased within these few years.? 'The choir. have- fre-
quently remonstrated with the Dean upon the reasenableness
of augmenting their stipends; but on the subject being only
mentioned, the venerable Dean-frightens the contra-tenors,
tenors, and basses out of their wits, by saying,- s irs;.yop hoe
no claim whatever to any share of the revenues of the ma.,
blishment, (of Which; b•r.. it remembered, they are metribers;
and not servants) and you are removeabie at Illy will and
pleasure. —.Fudge.. What say the Lord. Chaneeller and etiir
Samuel Romilly- en this subject, in the late trial, Isetfetti
the Dean and Chapter of Bagnor, and the Organist- and.
Singing-men ? Sir. Samuel Romilly said, ‘‘, I aupposelhey
(the Dean and Chapter) would dismiss. than. '(the
singilig-
men,) and put an end to this litigation in that *ay, if thee
could." The Lord Chancellor said, ".If I.rten tb-assurne.thict
they-have a clear right to dismiss them, and putptitersin their
places, still, if there is a trust, so long as they continue Cl:ey
'would have a right 'to seek In seine way or other, that redrei-,,
which is now sought, while they continue." Does mdt. Us-
opinion of these swo eminent and learned men speak volumed
to all members of Cathedrals ? Will'the apathy of those
usedindividuals• still.reniain, when an act has been. prevideS4
for them—an act to prevent abuses of trust ? Then, have-net
the minor canos and singing-men of Westminster ,
claim on the' Dean' fbr their lawful and just share 6f
Monies collected by them ? And further, have they not - (at-
cording to the opinion of. the Lord Chancellory a claim o,n
them for arrears, . Uniustly kept from them ever since they
each of them -'became members, or . their names- were en-
tered, in a book .icept, for that purpose, which every PC .
all intents' and- purposes, constitutes each of them as pooh
members as the Dean himself, -and they cannot be remove-LA
bat for some offence con-emitted, and not at the will,and•
caprice of the Dean ; they must even then, also be adrho-
nished publicly three times,. and reported, before any. 'one of
them can be dismissed. Ie is reported that some. of the :sihge.
ing-men's houses haVe been pulled &In without their leave
or consent—being asked; and Ane of these houses belonged.
to a gentleman who was a short time. a member cf. the
Abbey, but who, from the severity used towards, film, was
obliged to relinquish his situation there. This gentleinan,
'tis reported, was offered by. the venerable Dean in lieu of
his house, 51. a year ; and because he woult: not accept- ot
such, or of any comperisation; he never received` one farthini;
for hiahouse. This •is fulfilling the etatutesewith :a venge-
ance. How magnanimoas would the Dean of Westminster
appear to the present living generation, was he voluntarily to
give the complaining members what is their just right; before
he is by law forcede.to it, and'-to throw open the Abbey at once
generously to the public, ! This act would immortalize his name
much more than the 4,01161.• he has lately gi-Ven to Oxford, tb
establish four studentships in his name. ! order- to make
those allegations more easy to be conteadicted, if untrue,- I shall
propose the following questions:-
Ist. Does the 'Dean oblige the minor cations and Singing..
men (contrary to the statutes) to show.the monument" wax-
work, models of churches, &c. In order to remunerate them for
their services, instead'of paying. them' Out, of the funds left for
that purpose ? . .
2d. Has not- the Dean forced Mr. 'William Salmon.to lake
41. a-year in lieu of the same house which did belong tp rill.
Hawes, and'which deprives him.of his freehold ? ;.-
3d. What kind of a house could the Dean get for •suCh •ft
paltry sum ; or would he like to see any one of lie. choir five
in such a house ?
4th. Has not Mr. Ore/ate:Ter, the organiSt, been forced tbfgive•
up some tithes of corn, :or something of thankinde which,. as it ..
•beiongato succession, he had no right to do, 'in order to make .
his yearly salary 2001.
Lastly, Do the Members of the Abbey receive what; they
ought for Stipend, Libeeatura, Commons, out of Einelsley
Priory tenements in 'the Almonry, Bowling-alley,' the manors
and farms of Friston,Butterwick, St. Margaret's money, Lord'
Mayor's feei, &c. &c., or do 'they only 'receive what they !did
when the set-out was made in 1560 ?

As abuses of every description cannot be too much exposed,
you will do a public good by inserting the Above, which you are
on all occasions most willing to do.
A LOVER OF JUSTICE.
X 8. d.
4, 0. 0
1 ID 0
6 l, 3
'2 0 a

• Stipends •
Liberatur& •
Commons •
Augmentation

- '

St. Margaret's Money

13 11 0
1 14 0:

£l5 5 8
l'e* The columns of The Times shall be open to any contra-
diction or explanation of the above statement,

I:3t We have been desired by several admirers of the taleno,f
learning, and character of 'the Dean of WEsrsimsript, to
insert the foregoing letter which appeared in The Times of
Thursday last, as they avow their conviction that this reverend
ornament of the Church and of Literature, can fully, jqinify his
conduct relative to the t,ubject in question, and demohstratelhe
beneficial effects of the regulations which he• has introduced.-
We have' only to add in the words of The Tinier, thakoun
"-=columns- shall be open to any contradiction, or e3planation
og -
the above statement."

FRENCH PAPERS.

!-From the Etoik,dated_Thursday, Aug. 18.)

BARCEI:ONA, AUG. 6.

A duel of a new kind took place a few days
ago between a Lieutenant of one of the regiments
of the French garrison and aM.de V . The
parties fought with muskets, at the distance of
100 paces. The result was fatal to M. de V-.
This unfortunate young man, belonging to a dis-
tinguished family, was shot through both thighs ;
he died last night in consequence of his wounds.
This event, which has caused some sensation, has
been followed by the formal refusal by the
Clergy of burial to the body, and the no less
astonishing refusal of the Chaplains of the regi-
ment to .follow the coffin to the grave. Orders
had been given in the morning by the Colonel,
who is Commandant of the fortress, for the burial
of Mr. V. It was to take place at six o'clock in
the afternoon. Two Officers per grade of each
regiment, and all the Officers of Mr. V.'s own
regiments had repaired to the church at the ap-
pointed hour, and two hours after they were still
there, without any ecclesiastic haviag made his
appearance to attend the burial of the corpse.
The Spaniards, who invest death with all the
pomp of religion, had remarked with astonishment
that 'the almoners of the regiments had not at-
tended the funerals of four French Officers who
had died within these five mouths.

The corpse waves not carried to the church-
yard ; orders from the Bishop had been given in
consequence. M. de V. has been interred in a
bastion, rendering him the military honours due
to his rank.

The French Officers, who know that obedi-
ence to order and discipline is their first duty,
'have proved on this occasion how well they know
how to respect opinions.

PARIS, AUG. 17.

We learn that M. Bellard, Attorney-General,
delivered yesterday morning to M. Seguier, First
President, a requisition directed against the Cou-
rier Francais and the Constitutionnel for the ten-
dency of those journals—un requisitoire de ten-
dance.

(From the Constitutionnel of Wednexday.)
We have been assured for some days past that
M. Bellard has presented a requisition enlendance
against several independent journals, including
the Constitutionnel and the Courier. We are
persuaded that this news will not give our readers
more uneasiness than it does ourselves. They
may be certain that it will not in any Way lessen
our zeal for the Constitutional Monarchy, for the
maintenance of public credit against the manceu-
vres of jobbers, and the defence of the liberties or
the Gallican Church, against the attacks of the
Jesuits and Ultramontains.

FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, Auo. 17.—Five per Cents.
102 f. 20c. ; Three per Cents. 72. 5 Bank Stock, 2,185.
Relate de Naples (Certif. Falconet), 88. 40.; Rente t'Espagne,
17i. Royal Spanish Loan, 51g.—Exchange on London, one
=oath, 25. ; three months, 24. 85.—(Coure Authentique.)

ADDRESS
, Of THE PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT AND CHURCH

OF GREECE.

(Abridged from the Journal de Debuts.)

10 RIB HOLINESS LEO XII. POPE, VISIBLE HEAD OF THE
CATHOLIC CHRISTIAN CHURCH.

In the name of the Provisional Government, and of all the
learned Ecclesiastics of Greece, delivered from the yoke of the

infamous Mussulman.
" MOST llrmr FATHER—The insurrection of Greece,
*gsluat the most terrible enemy of the worship of the true
Ood, has not originated in the dangerous principles which mo-
dem sectarians, by means of secret associations, have circulated

in Europe, and whose fatal consequences in that quarter of the

globe have been but too manifest. Those demagogic principles
were about to shake the equilibrium existing between the dif-
-ferent Powers, to disturb public and private tranquillity, to
cast from their thrones those legitimate Monarchs which the
Supreme Being has appointed to govern nations, and finally to
overthrow those institutions and those ancient laws, which,
placing men under the guardian sceptre of justice, secures every
individual his rights.
" But devastated Greece, a prey for centuries to the most

cruel oppression—Greece, crushed beneath the yoke of Maho-
-metan usurpation, had hopes that the powerful arm of the
Christian Princes would snatch her from her state of slavery,
if not from motives of humanity, at least from respect for that
holy religion which God, made Man, sealed with his blood, to
which so many illustrious preachers have rendered testimony,

when in torments they earned the crown of martyrdom, and
_upon which the Sovereigns of Christendom found the existence
and preservation of their crowns.
" From the year 1770 to 1807, Greece expected her freedom

to come from Russia ; and in that expectation she made sacri-
fit:es of all kinds to that power. Deceived, however, in her
hopes, she turned her eyes towards France ; but in 1812 that
new illusion vanished, and she fixed her hopes on England.—
The occupation 'of the lonian Islands by the English, autho-
riled at that time the expectation of Greece; for a moment she
imagined she was about to take her rank among nations ; but
English policy was net then known to the Hellenists, and the
cession of Parga to the Tyrant of Epirus, the cruel Ali Pacha,
taught them that henceforth they must depend upon themselves
for their liberty."
[The Address then tietails the sufferings and degradations to
which the Greeks were subject, under the execrable ty-
ranny of the Turks. Having justified the insurrection it pro-
ceeds.]

" Greece, however, surmounting every. obstacle, has become
at'this day, at the price of her blood, free from the Muszul-
man tyranny throughout the greater part of her territory. No
hope now remains to the followers of Mahomet of again pro.
fatting the threshold of the disciples of the Gospel,
•' Greece is free! The whole nation is armed, and watches
her security, she is certain of conquest because she is resolved
to die buried beneath her own ruins, rather than again bend
her neck to the yoke. She at present feels the imperious neces-
sity of union and consolidation, under the paternal sceptre of a
Christian, apostolic, and orthodox Monarch, in ordento form
under him an independent kingdom, and to become by his
position a stronger barrier than the Ottoman empire for the
neighbouring powers.
" This kingdoni once established, Greece will be ready to
adopt all the laws which would be judged useful. and advan-
tageous either for the interests of her regeneration, or for that
of European policy. She'demands a Christian Monarch, and
Royal blood, as that alone will re-establish public and private
tranquillity, destroy civil discord, stifle all private pretensions
to power; that alone will guarantee our holy religion, will fasten
the holy bands with the Holy Roman Pontiff, whom we acknow-
ledge is the centre of unity, as the Chief Shepherd of the Uni-
versal Church, of Jesus Christ, both East and West, without,
however, any alteration or change of the sacred rites, discipline,
customs, and institutions of the Greek Church; the whole un.
der the belief, and in manner entirely conformable to what was
decided in the Holy Council of Florence. Such is, Most Holy
Father, the desire of the Provisional Government of the Metro-
politans, of the Archbishops, Bishops, and of all the Elders of
Greece. August mysteries ! sublime and wonderful decrees of

' the wisdom of a God who watches over the nations of Christians
redeemed by the precious blood of his only Son ! The Meek
Lamb, the most worthy Patriarch of Constantinople, Gregory,
expired upon the scat-1;11d by the sanguinary order of the Sultan.
a declared enemy of the Christian name. It was thus perished
his illustrious predecessor the learned Patriarch Cyrilhis, after
having been torn from his native place, Adrianople. The fate
of the greater part of the Synod has been similar to that of its
venerable Chief. Their forsaken bodies were delivered to the
.Jews, who, in hatred of-Christianity, after having dragged them
through the streets, venting imprecations upon them, and
treating them with all manner of outrage, threw them into the
sea. The body of the Patriarch was saved from the waves, and
secretly picked up by a Christian, who transported it to Odessa,
where it was buried with all the honours befitting his rank and
virtues. The other victims were not so fortunate, except the
venerable octogenarian Denys, metropolitan of Ephesus, who,
alter having been dragged through the dirt by the ,Jews, was at
last sold to the Greeks for its weight in gold, and buried in the
church of the most Holy Virgin in Pera.
The Greek Church was then reduced to widowhood, with-
out a synod or a head. The Sultan created new Patriarchs and
new Bishops, to occupy the empty places of those holy men
slain by his exterminating sword. But in free Greece, amid
the tumult of arms, the Provisional Government has occupied
itself with assembling the ecclesiastical hierarchy in Synod ;
with declaring the new Patriarch and Bishops illegitimate in-
truders, and with anathematizing with all the rigour of the
canons, all who should acknowledge or communicate with ;Item,
so that they were only obeyed among that portion of the Greeks
who yet groan 'under the tyranny of the Turks. In this state
-of widowhood Greece returns to the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar
of Christ and Supreme Chief of the Church; site prays hint
unite all the faithful shepherds with the children of the Greek
Church, of whatever rank, dignity, or condition they may be,
and treat them as his own children, according to the promise of
divine wisdom. (Et fiettinum ovite, et anus pastor.*)
" The example of the Greek Church, when wedded to the
Roman Pontiff, will soon be followed by that of her daughters,
the Churches of Bulgaria, Servia, Moldavia, and even Russia,
and it will then be that the prophecy of the gospel . will be ac-
complished : " Ut filios dei qui crust dispersi congregaret in
unum."
Providence,
most Holy Father, seems to open this means to
you, to rccal to your holy authority all the dispersed sheep ; if
your Holiness hesitated a moment in acceding to the wishes and
desires of the Greek*, you would render yourself a sinner against
him who instituted your authority, viz., Christ our 1-:;vine
Lord ; and then at your last hour, when all the faults of your
life will be dawn together to be presented to your dying eyes,
with what fear would not your soul be assaulted when the voice
of the Holy Ghost would resound in yourears the words for-
merly inspired by him in the Prophet Ezekiel :—" Et dispersx
sunt oves mew, eo quod non esset pastor, neque enim quasi-
verunt pastores mei gregem meum ; sed pascebant pastores se-
metipsos, et greges meos non pascebant."
[The address then endeavours to shew that to accomplish this
object it is not necessary that the Pope should subject himself
to any expence or sacrifice. All that is required is, that he
should, as the Vicar of Jesus Christ, intercede with the Princes
of Europe in favour of the Greeks. The examples of his pre-
decessors who have done so, are pointed out for his imitation.—
The address concludes in these words] :
" The mission with which the undersigned have been charged
by his countrymen, is a proof of the confidence which he has
deserved from them for the services he has rendered his country.
Recourse has not been had to the ordinary means of conveying
dispatches, because it was wished that no doubt might exist of
the result of your Holiness's answer to this supplication. The
Greeks found their hopes of its meeting a favourable reception
from the obligation imposed on your Holiness as father of the
faithful, to aid them when they implore your protection ; upon
the justice of their cause; upon the state of affairs which render
their triumph so probable, and lastly, upon the good faith and
sincerity with which they humbly lay this supplication at your
Holiness's feet. If their hope is disappointed, they will not at
least have to bear to the grave, in a time of misfortune, the re-
gret of not having attempted all means to free themselves ; and
perhaps their ruin would excite remorse, although, alas ! too
late, in the breasts of those who might so easily have saved
them.

" The undersigned would produce other reasons to urge in
person to your Holiness, would you grant him an audience.
" Deign, your Holiness, to receive tile humble homage of the
undersigned ; permit him to kiss your sacred feet ; and of
begging, prostrate before the _Throne of the Prince of the
Apostles, your most holy and apostolic benediction upon him.
and all Greece.
(Signed) "The Special CommiSsioner of Greece,
" Capt. NICOLAS KIEFALA, a Greek.
" Rome, 24-12 May, 1825."
• And one sheepfold and one shepherd shall there.he.
t That he might assemble together the sous of God who were
dispersed.
And my sheep are dispersed because the shepherd was not,
nor have my shepherds sought my flock; but the shepherds
have fed themselves, and my flocks have they not fed.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

APPELLATE JURISDICTION.

An account, for the Session 1825, of the number
of Appeals and Writs of Error heard in former Sessions, and
remaining undecided, standing on the Cause List as appointed
and not appointed for hearing, and of Writs of Error not pro-
ceeded with ; shewing also the number withdrawn, dismissed,
heard, decided, remaining for judgment, remaining for hearing,
&c. in the Session 1825 ;* and distinguishing the numbers of
Scotch, English, Irish, and Welch—ordered by the House of
Lords to be printed, 6th July, 1825.

APPEALS.

tr t t
a*

Heard in Sessions prior to Session 1824,
but remaining undecided at the com-
mencement of Session 1825 - 4 2 1 0 7
Deduct from the above (decided in Ses-
sion 1825) - - - - 1 2 1 0 4

Remaining undecided of Sessions prior
to Session 1824 - 3 0 0 0 3

Remainint, on the List of Session 1824.
Appointed forrn hearing - 98 6 26 1 131
Not appointed - 15 2 1 0 18

Presented in Session 1825

113 8 27 1 149
- 31 14 11 0 5(

Total on the List 144 22 t 33 1 205

Whereof withdrawn, &c. - . - 12 1 1 0 14
Dismissed fbr want of prosecution - 2 0 0 0 2
Struck out on Report from Appeal Corn-
mittee
----3 0 0 0 3
Decided _ - - _ 60 11 9 0 GO
Remaining for judgment - - 6 0 2 1 9

Remaining for hearing

83 12 12 1 108
- 61 10 26 0 97
-

Total 144 22 38 1 205

WRITS OF ERROR.
Heard in Sessions prior to Session 1824,
but remaining undecided at the com-
mencement of Session 1825 - 0 2 0 0 2
Deduct horn above (decided in Session
1825) - - .- 0 1 0 0 1

Remaining undecided of Sessions prior to
Session 1824 - 0 1 0 0 1

Remaining on the list of Session 1824.
Appointed for hearing 4 3 2 -0 9
Not appointed 0 2 1 0 3

4 5 3 0 12
Presented in Session 1825 - - 0 19 0 0 19

Total on the list

- 4 24 3 0 31

Whereof withdrawn, &c. - - 0 2 0 0 2
Non-prossed - - - - 0 11 0 0 11
Decided - - - - 0 5 1 0 6
Remaining for judgment - - 2 1 0 0 3

2 19 1 0* 22
-25 2 0 9

Remaining for hearing

Total -

- 4 24 3 0 31

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

OXFORD, Auc. 19.
ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERMENTS..

The Rev. R. B. Paul, M.A. Fellow of Exeter College, has
been presented, by the Rector and Fellows of that Society, to
the Vicarage of Long Wittcnham, Berks.
On the 12th inst. the Rev. James Hook, LLD. was insti-
tuted to the Deanery founded.in the Cathedral Church of Wor-
cester, vacant by the promotion of Dr. Jenkinson to the See of
St. David's; and on the evening of the same day the Very Rev.
Gentleman was, installed with the accustomed formalities.

The Rev. 'Wm. James, M.A. has been instituted, by the
Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, to the Rectory of East Lana-
brook, void by the cession of the Rev. Chas. T. Simmons, on
the presentation of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral
Church of Wells.

The Archbishop of York has been pleased to institute the
Rev. Anthony Ward, of Methley-park, to the vicarage of East-
rington, in the East Riding of the county of York—patron, the
King.
.The Lord Bishop of Exeter has collated the Rev. James D.
Coleridge, 1414. IL, to the prebendal stall in the cathedral church,
void by the death of the Rev. James Carrington, the late pos-
sessor. His Lordship also instituted the Rev. Wm. Marsh,
A. 8., to the vicarage of Gwenap, Cornwall, on the presentation
the venera)le the Dean and Chapter of Exeter, void by the
cession of the Rev. W. Martin.

ELECTION FOR TOWN-CLERK OF OXFORD.
On Thursday last came on the election for Town-Clerk o
this City, in the room of the late Sir W. E. TAUNTON, when
Mr. ROBERSON was proposed by Mr. C. ADAms, as a proper
person to fill that important office, which was seconded by Mr.
GII.ES.

Mr. Roil EnsoN came forward to address the freemen. He
said he stood before them under very peculiar circumstances;
and when he looked round his heart overflowed with gratitude
at the kindness displayed towardS him. He did not intend
in the first instance to have offered himself to their notice,
from a full conviction of his inability to meet the expence • but
the overwhelming applications for him to do so, backed Cy the
kindest offers of support and assistance, determined him. He
now stepped forward that the freemen might have an opportu-
nity of supporting their rights, and of electing the man of their
choice. The means resorted to by the friends of his opponent, he
said, had been many and various • but nothingcould divert the
tide of public feeling from him. 111 r. Roberson denied the asser-
tion made in a handbill signed "Fellow Citizen," that " he
had applied to the Duke of Marlbiirough for hiS support an in-
fluence against Mr. Taunton in this election ; " and read a
letter from his Grace, declaring that such accusation was false.
Ile concluded by assuring the freemen that if they placed him
in the honourable-situation of their Town Clerk, he would to
the best of his abilities, discharge the duties thereof with an
honest bnpartiality towards every one. He would not take up
more of their time, but, relying upon their voluntary assurances
of support, he felt confident that in their hands his cause would
be supported with firmness.—(Applause.)
T. ROBINSON, Esq.. then nominated Mr. Taunton, as a
fit person to succeed his father in the situation of Town Clerk,
and Mr. Hickman seconded the nomination.

Mr. TAUNTON then addressed the Meeting. He began by
calling the attention of the freemen to the peculiar circum-
stances under which he offered himself to their notice, and to
the claim he must make to their indulgence. Upon an occasion
that called into review the long course of his official conduct, it
became him to propitiate the indulgence of his fellow citizens
for any errors and infirmities that might have marked the per-
formance of his duties; to bespeak their favourable considera-
tion of his humble pretensions to the honourable office he as-
pired to ; and to urge those pretensions with a power and a
spirit commensurate with the importance of the object, and the
deep interest he felt in its attainment. On the other hand, the
recent loss he had sustained in • the death of a beloved and re-
vered father, and the wounded and broken spirit under which
'he was suffering, unfitted him for the stormy conflict in which
he was involved, and disabled him from putting forth whatever
humble powers he might possess, and the more especially so, as
the place where he stood, and those to whom he was addressing
himself, were calculated to recall most powerfully the memory of
his father before him, and the remembrance of that example he
had ever set him of attaclunent to the City of Oxford, of fidelity
to its privileges and its concerns, anti of interest in its prosperity
and welfare. Unequal as he was to the occasion, he would
trespass but shortly on the attention of his fellow-citizens. The
first paint to which Mr. Taunton then adverted was his well-
known connexion with the Marlborough interest, which he jus.
tifie&upon the honourat •.! and estimable principle of gratitude ;
pointing out that if Mr. Robertson had been under the sam e
obligations to that Noble family, he would have espoused the
same interest, or subjected himself to the just reproach of base
ingratitude,—that the pursuits of professional men necessarily
threw them into the stream of their friends and connexions ;
and that it was the accidental circumstance of the side on which
they lay that determined the course they took upon parliamentary
contests. That Mr.Taunton, though he could not forget acts of
kindness nor turn his back upon his best friends, held the spirit Of
independence in no less esteem than iris opponent, and assured
the freemen, that the triumphant assertion of their independence
could never upon any occasion be to him matter of mortification
and regret. That, on the contrary, he looked ppon the enjoy-
ment and the free and tspfettered exercise of popular rights in
this country to be the mainspring and vivifying principle of all
the noble qualities that distinguish the national character of
Englishmen ; and expressed his firm persuasion that their pre-
servation in indissolubly linked with the vigilant and jealous
maintenance of the rights of the, people. But whilst he paid
this heartfelt tribute to the unspeakable value of these
rights, he avowed himself the decided and uncompromis-
ing enemy of violence and outrage; not only front his
love of peace and good order, but for the sake also
of those popular rights which could only be endangered
by being abused and made subservient to criminal pur-
poses;—that the sure way to throw an odium upon these rights
and bring them into. jeopardy, was to make them the pretext,
and offer them as a justification for acts of public mitrage.
reminded the freemen that the same claim of right that could
justify the laying waste a garlen and destroying a pigstye,
must he equally available to warrant more extensive acts of de-
solation ; and upon a late occasion to which these remarks bore a
close application, he claimed the merit of having rescued the
rights of his fellow citizens front the degradation and disgrace
of being associated with such a transaction. With this frank
explanation. of his conduct and principles, Mr. Taunton com-
mitted himself to the judgment of the freemen, trusting strongly
to his claims to their confidence and support.
The poll soon commenced in the Town Hall, and was car-
ried on with great spirit the whole day ; at the close the num-
bers were—

For Mr. Roberson -
Mr. Taunton -

- 220
- - 203

Yesterday morning, at ten o'clock, the polling re-commenced,
and nothing could exceed the activity displayed by the friends
of both parties throughout the day. In the evening the num-
bers stood thus :
For Mr. Roberson - - 608
Mr. Taunton - - 473
Majority for Mr. Roberson —.135

SEA PONDS.—A. writer in the Quarterly Jour-
nal ofScience suggests a plan for constructing SEA-PONDS, for
the purpose of preserving and breeding a sufficient stock of va.
rious species of fish for the public markets. It has been found
that .tea--fish will live and thrive in, and also breed in ponds or in-
closed waters ; and with regard to many it also appears that it is
indifferent whether the water be salt or fresh, or brackish, ;Jr alter-
nately.fresh and salt. This plan would bring the fish within our
own power, to be taken alive when wanted, and from being better
ted, in greater perfection, and more uniformly good. There
are three or four sea-ponds 'in Scotland, where fish are thus
kept—one in Orkney, one in the Firth of Forth, and one in
Galloway. This has recently been put to the test in Guernsey
by Mr. Arnold : in a pond of about four acres only, many
species of sea-fish arc now thriving; all those which have had
sufficient time have propagated; and all have improved in
quality, and many in a remarkable manner.
BA DK.--The bark of the chesuut-tree contains
twice as much tanning matter as oak bark, and nearly twice as
much colouring matter as log-wood. Leather prepared with it
is more firm and solid, and yet more supple. In the Northern
Counties the bark of larch is in general use for tanning.
flow TO STRETCH SHOES.----The fOliOw it-1g mode
of stretching shoes and boots is used in the back settlements of
America. Fill the shoe or boot with corn, securing it well by
tying it in tight so that it cannot force its way out. Then im-
merse it for several hours in water, till the grains are sufficiently
swelled, which will gradually and equably distend the leather.
Then take the shoe or boot out of the water and rub it well
with nests' foot oil, which must be suffered to dry in before the
corn is taken out.

St nGrAty.—Wherk the 'surgeons of Tripoli
take off a limb, they dip the stump into a bowl of hot pitch,
which settles the bleeding without the trouble of tying up the
arteries.

COMBINATION.

COMBINATION c& RIOT of WORKMEN in FRANCE.

The proceedings of the workmen in the valley
of Deville, near Rouen, have lately assumed so
serious a complexion, that the Constitutionnel of
Wednesday deems it proper to publish the fol-
lowing details, which were not generally known :
" On Saturday, the 6th instant, there was a
general strike (revolle) ariiong the workmen em-
ployed in the manufactory of Baron Levavasseur,
situated at Houlme, in the valley of.Deviile. This
strike seems to have been occasioned by the re-
solution of M. Levavasseur to reduce their wages.
The fall in the price of cottons had already in-
duced some manufacturers in the valley to adopt
the same course, but others had not yet taken
the subject into consideration. The workmen
of M. Levavasseur did not submit without. mur-
murs to the reduction. They were compelled,
however, and from that moment the strike appears
to have been meditated.

" M. Levavasseur, in order to prevent the
mischiefs which might have had even a more me-
lancholy result than what actually took place,
yielded to the representations made to him, and
restored the old rate of wages. He wished only
to except from this conciliatory measure, five or
six of the leaders of the mutiny. This exception
produced all the evil consequences which have
occurred. The leaders who were thus excluded
fro►n the manufactory of M. Levavasseur gained
over to their side a considerable portion of their
fellow workmen. On the following day, Mon-
day, the riot was dangerous. The workmen
broke the windows of the manufactory ; they
burst open the doors of entrance form the
main road, and overcoming force with force,
they at last went the length of firing several
shots, one of which struck a gendarme, who has
since died of the wound. This deplorable result
rendered it necessary for the Authorities to re-
double their activity and their precautions. A
great many arrests have taken place. About an
hundred workmen have been conveyed to the
prison of Rouen. Informations are laid against
them every hour, and fresh arrests continue to be
made. The Royal Guard is, as it were, encamp-
ed in the valley, for the maintenance of the pub-
lic peace. The soldiers are universally Praised
for their prudence and reserve.
" At this moment (Saturday evening), all ap-
pears quiet, but every body is afraid of the two
coming holidays of Sunday and Monday. All
the necessary measures for the public safety have
been taken. The public-houses are ordered to
close at seven o'clock in the evening, and the
most respectable and influential manufacturers of
the valley have been called upon by the local
authorities to give their assistance. We hope,
therefore, that the apparent tranquillity which
prevails from Malaunay to the gates of Rouen,
will resume its usual permanence. One circum-
stance only creates some uneasiness among the
frieilds of public order. It is, that among these
workmen there is a considerable number of dis-
charged convicts (forcats liberes) to whom the
manufacturers gave employment and bread for the
sake of humanity. It would not be just to attribute
all the troubles and excesses to these unfortunate
men, but it is their fate not to be wholly free from
suspicion. This result, perhaps, may be ascribed to
our system of prison discipline. Our gaols, houses
of corrections and penitentiaries, are so con-
structed, that even an innocent man is rendered
a criminal, if he ence becomes an inmate of them.
At present, all is tranquil in the valley of Deville.
Fortunately, the gendarmes are every where, and
more fortunately still, the royal guard occupies
every post. It is believed, that the man who
killed the gendarme, has been arrested. He is
named Coguart, but several shots were fired.
" Sunday Morning—A. fire has been burning
for these two hours, at a vitriol manufactory, at
Maromme. (This is an ordinary occurrence.)"
