' sioned, by the plastic poverty of their numbers—they ware
inundated by Irish, who could soon learn their trade, and to
whom even 3s. 9d. per week was a luxury.—(Chects and
laughter,) This was the scheme of the West Indian planners;—
the moment their slaves became free they were to be brought
into competition with these " half monkeys," who fed upon a
little rice and pepper per day, and who, by taking less than
even the African slave had at present, can make his eherisi..ed
and dearly purchased emancipation the liberty of destitution, the
freedom of starvation. This nas no party question; the cham-
pion of universal freedom and universal education—Harry
Brougham--(Great cheering)—was supported by three-
members of the Cabinet of the chief Minister to whom he way
opposed against their own leader.—The wedge of philanthropy
is in the gnarled oak of party, and the Iris of better days is
brightening the dark billows of political strife. He hailed the
omen I—(Great cheering.) A previous speaker had com-
mented upon the twenty millions paid to the planters. He
(Mr. N.) disapproved of the bargain, but not of the money—
it ought not to have been paid till the slaves were emancipated.
Originally the scheme was a loan of fifteen millions, but Lord
Stanley knew his men, and thought it did not make much
difference whether it was a loan or a gift. Hence he made, it a
gift of twenty millions. Still the money ought to bo paid.
it was not just to be merciful at other people's expense. Mon-
teFquieu said that it was better that ninety-nine guilty men
escape than that one innocent man suffer.—(Hear, hear,
hear.) Nona could suffer if ail were paid. All had
Leen paid ; and now by the sacred claims of that very
justice which caused their payment, ho demanded that the
bargain should be completed—that the redeemed blood and
bones, tics of love and claims of iiberty of the slave, bought
end paid for, should be given up by those who held them in
bondage.—( Cheers.) Make freedom desirable when you
make it attainable. Save them from hunger and destitution
—save their little ones from the fate which their inhuman
masters are cunningly devising for them—give them " beauty
for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, and the garment of
praise for the spirit of heaviness." Prove that you are his
followers who said, " By this shall all men know that you are
my disciples, if ye have love one to another ;" and this will
indeed, be
" A feeling from the Godhead caught,
To wean from man each selfish thought;
A ray of him who form'd the whole,
A glory circling round the soul !
He concluded, amid cheers, by seconding the resolution.
Mr. GOLDSMITH propoied an amendment, that the meeting
agree to the proposition for the abolition of slavery in every
shape, but did not agree to any further remuneration or addi-
tion to the SUM of twenty millions.
For the amendment only three hands were held up. The
original resolution was carried.
The Rev. GEOIIGE CLAYTON moved the adoption of a pe-
tition to be presented to the Legislature. To the House of
Lords by Lord Brougham, and to the House of Commons by
B. Hawes, Esq., M. P. for the Borough, which was carried.
Mr. T. D'EYNCONIT said that it gave him at all times great
pleasure to meet any portion of his constituents. He had been
present at many meetings where political subjects which created
a great deal of excitement were mooted, but he never, upon
any occasion, saw such a meeting as he then had the honour
of addressing. If ever there was a cause calculated to stir
men's blood, it was the one which had brought them together.
He remembered that he listened with delight to the speech of
Lord Stanley when he introduced the measure ; tut they bad
been miserably deceived by that Noble Lord. It might,
however, be recollected that lie at that time advocated reform,
and subsequently receded frrm it ; and he also, it appeared,
advocated the abolition of negro slavery, but neglected to take
the necessary steps to obtain that object. The Hon. Member
proceeded to allude to the horrible punishments inflicted upon
women, and conclUded a very eloquent speech by assuring the
meeting that he would most cordially co-operate with them in
his place in the House of Commons.
After a vote of thanks was given to the Chairman, Mr. Hawes
returned thanks; and the meeting separated.
