BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.
ITH E INHABITANT' HOUSE-
HOLDERS, ELEC.! ORS of this BOROUGH,
,'e respectfully informed, that a PUBLIC MEETING of
their body will take place at the Horns Tavyrn, Kenning-
ton, on WEDNESDA Y Afternoon next, the 4th of July, at
fix preci,ely, to take into consideration the best means of
,ecuring the return of the Right Hon. CHARLES
rENNYSON, M.P., as a Representative for Lambeth in
•he en•uing Parliament.

HENRY WARBURTON, Eq., Al. P., will take the
Chair, and Mr. TENNYSON will attend the Meeting.

l'O THE ELECTORS OF THE METROPOLITAN
BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.

GENTLEMEN,
ICAN no longer withhold my acquiescence
in the flittering wish, conveyed to me from so many
Anarters, that I should become a CANDIDATE for the
iwimiir of representing yen in the first Reformed Parlia-
ment.

My hesitation has arisen from a reluctance to pronounce
hat separation from my patriotic constituents at Stamford
which a cruel anomaly has forced upon me; but a Re-
formed Legislature will do them justice, and I wish to
assist in cbt-iining it.
To appear in that assembly on behalf of your extensive,
wealthy, and enlightened district of the metropolis would
not only give me this opportunity, but would at the same
ime be a proud reward, tar surpassing my humble efforts
o obtain for such communities as your own the just pri-
vilece you now enjoy.
Unconnected, as I am, with the borough of Lanreth,
my public conduct, which can alone have recommended
me to your notice, is the security I would offer for the
course I shall hereafter pursue, if I should attain the high
distinction to which lam thus taught to aspire. But we
are entering upon a new era. It may, therefore, be right
to explain my view of the duties which would devolve
upon me now that the means of effectually discharging
them are at length provided for us.
Although we have obtained a Reform of the House of
Commons, Reform, in its more extended and substantial
sense, is yet to be effected. We have, so far, merely se-
cured the machinery for operating changes which are to
invigorate powers and develops energies which a long
course of misrule has repressed and paralyzed. The frame
of our Constitution is restored ; but subordinate institu-
tions, either impaired by time or human frailty, or be-
come inapplicable to the present condition of society,
must now be revised with a determined hand. Thus the
new Parliament must anxiously devote itself to remove all
evils arid abuses wi.ich neglect or corruption may have
engendered in the Lay, the Church, or the executive Go-
vernment, and those which encumber our commercial
and monetary systems. It will be expected to review
all laws and imposts, whether affecting the subsistence,
the health, or the intel ectual advancement of the poorer
classes, and to secure for the people a pure Government,
cheap law, and prompt justice. Its earliest efforts must
be directed to accomplish the abolition of slavery through-
out the British dominions, by means as prompt as may
be consistent with the well being of the slaves themselves;
to effect a fair commut.tion of tithes, a reform of corpora-
tions, an alleviation of the severities of the criminal law,
and of that military punishment which dishonours the
so dier and degradt s the nation.

To these oC;jects. 1 may add my hope that the duration
of Parliament will be shortened, and that in the great
measures by which the representation of the people has
ben amended, all defects will be supplied, all anamolies
removed, and that no,hing will be withheld which may
appear necessary to give efficiency to the objects of those
measures, by enabling every man really to exercise the
franchise with which he is invested.

It is to you, and similar communities, now for the first
time endowed with the elective right, that the nation
chiefly looks with anxiety for the means of performing
this great work of regeneration, for the men by whom it
is to be accomplished. It you should consider me fit to
cooperate in the execution of those high purposes for
which the reformed Parliament is to assemble, it will be
my pride, and the chief bj ct of my life, to justify your
choice. But while I shall boldly lend my aid to extermi-
nate abuses, whether in our civil or ecclesiastical establish-
ments,you will derive equal satisfaction from the assurance
that I shall be no less careful to maintain the integrity of
that magnificent fabric,—the Constitution of England,—..
under which this country has attained a glory only to be
exceeded by that which it will hereafter acquire. I can-
not be deceived in predicting that the renovated system to
which our hopes may now be directed will exalt the moral
and intellectual character, exp Ind the civil and religious
freedom, and advance the domestic condition and happiness
of the people. Thus it will increase the power and ex-
tend the beneficial and humanizing influence of the British
nation.

I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, with great respect,
Your most obedient and humble servant,
CHAS. TENNYSON.
4 Park-street, Westminster, June 29.
