TEE LONDON. JOURNALS.

[DAILY E.75.1-RACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.]
[MORNING' POST.]
The latest accounts relative- to the insurrection
in the Greek Provinces (the most important sub-
ject, that now occupies the ptibl;c attention) re-
P;re.4.4nt. the Insurgents a's being supported by
...that ingredient—money ; which the Greeks
. of-seteral neighbouring countries readily st-nd to
th? Ass3istFmce of their suffering countrymen. At

-corestani-inople, no attempt is made to..conceal
the extreme apprehension§ of the Porte ; and the
.lanuaze of the . articles from thence tets forth
teiter the means of defending the capital than
those of regaining the, provinces. if these corn-
:lv-mica:ices have not- been written in extreme
and unreasonable fear, one of the most important
questions in European policy (namely, who shall
command the Bosphorus and the DardanelleS ?)
is likely-to be opened for a rieW 'decision, after
•having been settled for nearly font' centuries.—
The insurrection in 111achia did not threaten
at first to affect the relations of more than Russia
and Austria ; but if it be true that this is
to be •a war of extremity, and that there can
be no- Coinpromise between a suppression of
the insurgents or of the masters. of Constan-
tinople, every maritime Power in Europe must
feel a deep interest in the question; and we shall
in that case have only to hope that they will have
wisdom and integrity enough to arrange their re-
specti7,:e parts in it without a contest; 'That it is
useful for England in: partiCular to 'have the
Turks possessors of Constantinople, has been so
long as undisputed maxim, that we 'suppose it
must be true. Notwithstanding the maxim, how-
ever, and that our inclinations are certainly the
revere of favourable to insurrection in general,
we confess that were it in our power to suppress
this by the Mere display of a talisman, we should
very reluctantly so employ its magic. Here is
not Merely a Government of force, the tyranny
of which, as in-many States, is not greater than
the condition of the people requires, but a Go-
-vernmeeit of force, savagely misapplied, and the
barbarous despotism of which is altogether un-
necessary, as far as respects the Greek popula-
tion. "'Here the question is not between- a mild
despot, in the shape of a sympathizing, unfear-
ing, unsuspicious Sovereign, and a thousand gangs
of marauding revolutionary felons, calling them-
selves a Popular Government. In the Grecian
Peninsula, at least, every Greek is at the mercy
of every Turk—of the Turkish Officer of Justice
for life and limb, and for all unconcealed pro-
perty=-of the meanest Turk for permission to
breathe the air uninsulted. •Here, then; is an
occasion on which the interests of other nations
can.have no comparison with those of the strug-
gling.provinces, nor can any proficient in revolu-
tionary jargon inflate their resistance into' an ex-
ample elsewhere. •

. Emonmx-c- CIMONICLEI
.Letters were yesterday received from Madrid
dated the Nth instant, mentioning, that . Som
brero Arija, leader of the insurgent band in the
vicinity of Burgos, had been taken with 3G par-
tizans, 8 of whom were mounted, and the rest on
foot. The Cortes and Government were actively
engaged in adopting measures for the suppression
of :the mad attempts of disaffected and disap-
pointed individuals, whose nefarious projects of
ty. re-action disturbed the tratrquillity of districts,
though from the
.fewness of their numbers and
the abhorrence with which their treachery was
viswed, by the people .at large, nothing more
than temporary inconvenience was feared. The
fenity, however, hitherto shown to the guilty,
had, rather. proved an encouragement, and
they had resolved to frame an act, similar in
its 'operation to martial law, by which they
coukl try and punish similar offences in ten days.
Our readers will see, from our private Corres-
pondes)ce respecting Spain, that the Cortes have
aioptecl what. our Correspondent justly calls
Strong measures. They have decreed a levy of
500,000 men, and the creation of four armies,
and the appointment of a Commission of five
Members to
.act with the Ministry during. _ the
wan"- As soon as hostilities commence, the Poli-
tical Chiefs are to :have dictatorial power, and
endeavours to overturn the Constitution are to be
tried by a Military Commission, of which the
sentence is to be. carried into execution within
hours, if approved of by the.. Political Chief.
In the preceding article, containing the substance
of letters from Madrid of the Nth, it is 'Said that
both the trial and -famishment of the offence is
not to extend beyond ten days. Such are the
deplorable consequences of the atrocious con-
spiracy of Kings against the liberties of mankind.
The Spanish Revolution has hitherto conciliated
the:friends of humanity in every country, by the ab-
sence of violence and bloodshed which has marked
its progress. Other nations suffering under evils si-
milar to 'those from which the Spaniards had so
successfully freed themselves, began to follow
their example. The- despots were immediately
it: motion ; and—leaguing with those who pro-
fited by abuses and Misgovernment, and who from
their' rank and the situations they filled.under
ti-e• old system, which they were generally al-
lowed to retain, possessed but too much power of
doing- mischief—they trampled the new-born
liberties of the people under foot, and re-esta-
blished the former despotism at the point of the
6-gionet—telling us, by way of insult to our un-
derstandings, that the counter-revolution so
qffoted was the earnest wish and desire of the
people themselves. If the•peoPleof Naples and
I,iedmont themselves wished. a counter-revolu-
tion, it would have been all very well ; but
that they did not 'is proved by the necessity, of
sending an. Austrian army to effect it in 'both
countries. The Spaniards have seen all .this;
they know the sentiments of • the Confederacy
of Despots with respect. to their Constitu-
tion ; they -know that it is proscribed ;, they
see the partisans of the Alliance 'at work' among
themselves ; -they know., that the Laybach Con-
gress is to continue its Sittings, and they are told
in
.an expressive article from_ its organ at Vienna,
that" it is possible that the affairs of Spain will
tbe foreign.tO'the assembly." Threatened in
•Inanner,.:.and .surrounded with dangers on

every hand, are we to wonder if the Spaniards in'
their alarm have recourse to measures of harsh-
ness and'severity Can we expect that a people,
irritated by the incessant attacks to which they
are exposed, should on all occasions preserve the
utmost calmness and eglianimity ? Do we forget,
too, what is due to self-defence? And what we
have always ourselves done when the safety of

the country was'eudangered by rebellion,aidefi by
foreign Arms ?
[MORNING HERALD.]
If we may trust the representations from vari-
ous quarters, not only the Greek nation. bAt all
those professing the Greek rite in the Turkish
provinces, are engaged in a general bond of in-
surrection.' The youths, 'also, who were resident
temporarily in Russia and Germany for the pur-
poses of commerce or education, are flocking to

the national standard. Still, it must be confess-
ed, the reported numbers of Prince Ypsi-
lanti's army is inconsiderable, and the only
affairs that have shed blood in the cause, have

been instances of surprise and carnage, rather
than trials of resolution. The modern Greeks have
been exalted and decried ; hut it is not a little
to their credit that they retain any of the stamina
of their ancestors. Centuries of slavery undor
Goths and Turks would ultimately = debase the
noblest elements of national character. It would
be gratifying to see them relieved from -the con-
temptuous domination of the Turks. But will
they be able to maintain their independence ?
We can really see little to rejoice in the parti-
tion of the emancipated Greeks under the yoke
of Austria and Russia. The adequacy of their
means of emancipation is also a melancholy ques-
tion—the retribution would be terrible.

•
[BRITISH PRESS.]
The war which either now rages, or is on the
eve Of raging in Turkey and Greece, is to
be regarded less in the light of a revo-
lutionary . enterprise by a portion of the
people against their Government, than of a
national war between two distinct people.
—The Greeks profess no desire, so far as
can be collected from the very vague accounts
which have hitherto reached this country, to al-
ter or modify the form of the Ottoman Govern-
ment, or by controlling the authority of the
Grand Seignor, to improve the general condition
of the people. They proceed upon no spirit
emanating from the revolutions that have oc-
curred in Spain, Portugal, or Naples, their sole
object'i.s to obtain the independence of the Chris-
tian provinces of the empire from tile, general
tyranny of the Turks. The inhabitants of these
provinces are all individually interested in the
success of this object. and every Turk, no mat-
ter how much cause he may have to lament the
brutality of his native government, feels himself
bound by sentiments of national pride and pa-
triotism to confirm the chains in which the Greeks

have so long reposed in quiet. As yet no Fo-
teign Power has manifested any disposition to in-
terfere in this quarrel, probably, among other
causes, from a conviction that no principle urged
by either party, whatever may be the result, can
be 'productive of much effect on the condition of
the neighbouring States, and from an assurance,
confirmed by time, that Turkey and its pro,
vinces, no matter whether united or divided, have
been so long a negative power in the arrangement
of European affairs, that no modification of their
quantity can seriously affect the balance that is
now established—provided that no portion of
them falls under the dominion of either of the

two great Empires which are more immediately
connected with Turkey. Austria, however, has
already drawn a strong cordon of observation
along the north-western frontier of the Turkish
dominions, and is ready to act according to the
progress of events. We believe that by the
Treaty concluded at Constantinople, in Ja-
nuary, 1809, Austria bound herself to gua-
rantee the integrity of the Turkish Empire
in Europe, and, if we recollect 'rightly, Great
Britain was a party to that Treaty ; but how
far we are bound to secure the integrity of

the Turkish dominions we are not at present
aware. It cannot., however, be doubted, that if
this Treaty of guarantee were then really exe-
cuted, the spirit of the treaty referred altogether
to the preservation of Turkey from the rapacity
and ambition of Russia. At all events, from the
very nature of the present occurrences, the wssi-
bility of the dismemberment of the Greek or
Christian provinces from the empire could not
have been contemplated in the year 1809, and
consequently England and Austria could not be
required by Turkey to save the empire from the
probable consequences of such an insurrection as
that which is now in progress.
