MONEY MARKET.

(From the Times.)
The Stock Exchange, in consequence of the settlement
of the Consol account, was under great excitement yes-
terday. In addition to the failure of last week, the job-
bers have been exposed to the effects of one on a still larger
scale, and for which they were still less prepared. The
desertion of a principal, who had differences against him
of about 30,0001 , is said to be the more immediate cau-e
of this second failure, which affords therefore another proof
of the very slight grounds on which credit is given for the
most extensive transactions at the Stock Exchange, for
the party in question was pretty generally known as a mere
adventurer, possessed of no property of his own. It is
said that he had previously received, as the profit of
former speculations, 80,000/. from the same broker; but
fortune having now turned against him, and there being
no law to compel payment, be refuses to refund any por-
tion of it, which throws the whole loss, by the rules of
the Stock Exchange, on the broker. The sufferers by this
failure are extremely numerous, as the party was a very
eminent and long-established member of the Stock-Ex-
change, where he enjoyed the best credit. He has not
been yet publicly announced as a defaulter, because expec-
tations are held out of payment within a short period of
the whole claims against him. It is apprehended, how-
ever, that this failure will lead to others of a minor de-
scription, on the final settlement of the differences which
will take place this day. The magnitude of this failure,
occurring on the day of settlement, threw all the transac-
tions of the Stock Exchange into confusion, and caused so
great a scarcity of Consols for delivery on the time bar-
gains, that a premium of half per cent. in some instances
was paid for money stock. The last price for the July
account was 831, and for money 831. In the transac-
tions in the other stocks, money was not quite so much
in demand as on Wednesday. Exchequer bills leave off
at 7s. to Os. premium. The foreign funds, in consequence
of the stir in the Consol market, were almost wholly neg-
lected.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)
A more disastrous settlement, as far as regards the
speculators for a fall, than that of yesterday, has seldom
been remembered, considering it is in time of peace; the
scarcity of stock for immediate transfer is almost without
parallel. This is shown by the fact that Consols for yes-
terday were sold a half per cent. higher than Consols for',
time, and, even at this difference, such was the difficulty
of obtaining stock that a great deal remains undelivered,
which will be brought in the regular course this day. The
reports darkly circulated on Wednesday of an expected
failure, have been confirmed, but the shock to the, market
was the less, because it was anticipated. It was univer-
sally understood that a broker who had the management of
the largest speculation fora fall, next to that of Mr. Battye,
who recently failed, was unable to meet his differences,
amounting to about 30,0001. It appears that he has been
left in the lurch by one principal for nearly 20,0001. of
that amount, although the principal has been a very large
gainer on every account during the fall produced by the
French revolution ; that fall was not less than eighteen per
cent., although, during the present account, taking
the highest price of yesterday, there has been a re-action
of 7 j per cent., viz., from 76i to 84k. The broker al-

•
hided to has not been declared, and it is believed from a
very satisfactory statement made to his creditors, that he
will pay 15s. in the pound from his own resources. His
conduct is, therefore, deemed extremely honourable. The
difficulties of the day were greatly aggravated by the im-
mense number of tickets for stock passed at very low
prices (four, five, and six per cent. under the quotation of
yesterday), placing those who hold them in the predica-
ment of not being able to obtain this stock without paying
the difference. The public have been the great buyers dur-
ing the last two months, and of course have realised
great advantages. It was calculated in the market yes-
terday afternoon, that on that day only, the public have
taken upwards of 500,000/. stock, and during the account
from one and a half to two millions. They were of course
materially assisted by the extensive Bear speculations of
the two individuals who have failed. At first it was sup-
posed that the Jews had been making an effort to render
stock scarce, but it is not found that they have taken any
active part in the transactions, or that the Leviathan has
cleared the market of more than a small amount. The
only defaulter publicly declared yesterday was for a very
inconsiderable sum. Scarcely a bargain was made during
the first hour yesterday morning, so shaken were the
nerves of the dealt re. Consols for money were for some
time quoted nominally at the last price of Wednesday, 831-,
but it would have been impossible then, and for some time '
afterwards, to have bought under a turn of one quarter
per cent. Before half-past eleven Consols reached 84,
while the price for account was only 83i 4. As the day
advanced matters grew still worse, and Consols for money
were for some time 81i, while for the opening they were
Fold as low as 83i-. No material change occurred until
the afternoon, when it was too late for the dealers to buy
stock for the day to make up their accounts, and Consols
fell to 831, and for July to 83g. The closing price, at
bur o'clock, was a fraction higher, and in private bargains
the quotation again took a sudden start, and Consols for
money were sold at 84i, and for account at 834; but at
five o'clock the dealers were sellers at these quotations.
Exchequer bills, after having improved to 10s., dropped
to '7s. premium. The Bank was again liberal in its dis-
counts yesterday, and it is reported, as the result of the
meeting of the Directors yesterday afternoon, that an im-
pulse will be attempted to be given to money matters in the
city. Foreign stock transactions obtained little attention,
and the prices were nearly the same as on Wednesday,
with the exception of the French Three per Cents.,:witich
rose, on the news from Paris by estafette, of an elevation
there on Tuesday last. Russian were steady at 944, and
Spanish at 16.
(From the Morning Herald.)

The settling-day has not gone off so quietly as was ex-
pected. There has been another great smash among the
Bears. It appears that a highly respectable broker has
been left in the lurch by his client (no doubt a borough-
monger, speculating upon the evils to arise out of the Re-
form question), to the amount of something like 30,0001.
or 40,0001. What renders this affair the more peculiar on
the part of the client is the fact of his having realised,
through the means of the same broker, within the last
few months, no less a sum than 70,0001. to 80,0001. We
understand, however, that, notwithstanding this heavy
loss, the broker alluded to will not be declared—that he
has already paid Iss. in the pound, and that he will shortly
pay the remaining five. This account has been a terrible
business for the Bears. In short, it has completely floored
them for the present. They may, after a time, get up
again, wipe their bloody noses, and show fight ; but they
will not soon forget the punishment they have received.
Well, they richly deserve all they have got. They will
remember fighting against the good cause. Consols for
money, which left off on Wednesday at 83! A, opened
yesterday morning at 84 then went up to 848, and, after
a little fluctuation, closed at S 3 For the '4oth of .July
they are at 831. This bachwardalimi speaks volumes as
to the beaten state of the Bears. In fact, we understand
stock was not to be obtained. The heavy stocks are all
higher. The Fours are at 98i, and the New Three and
a Half per Cents. at 92k. India Bonds are quoted at one
discount. Exchequer bills, after being done at ten premium,
left off at seven.

PUBLIC DINNER AT BIRNIINGHAM.
TO CELEBRATE THE TRIUMPH OF REFORSI

IN WORCESTERSHIRE.

(From the Midland Representative.)

On Tuesday last a dinner was given at Dee's Royal
Hotel, to commemorate the triumph of Reform in the
county of Worcester, by the return of Messrs. Foley and
Spencer; Dr. Edward Johnstone in the chair. At half-
past five o'clock a very numerous and respectable party of
gentlemen sat down. At the chief table Dr. E. John-
stone presided ; on his right sat Captain Spencer. At
the other table Mr. Russell presided; having on his right
the Hon. Mr. Foley. Dr. John Johnstone and Thomas
Lee, Esq. acted as Vice-Presidents.
The CHAIRMAN rose to propose the first toast. The
health of " Our Patriot King, the parent of his people,
and the illustrious example to the Monarchs of the world."
The toast was received with loud applause, and drank
with three times three.

The CHAIRMAN next gave—" The Queen, and the
other branches of the Royal Family."
The Cirainitax said he would next give " The Navy,"
and he did it with the greater pleasure, because, in all
probability, we were indebted to that school for the high
character of our illustrious Sovereign. . .

Captain SPENCER then rose, and was received with
loud and repeated cheers. As the Learned Chairman had
alluded to him, as a member of the profession which had
just been toasted, he trusted they would allow hina to re•
turn them his most sincere thanks. It had been truly
said that the cock-pit was not the place where elegance of
manners was to be learned ; but he would say that he had
met with many honest, generous Englishmen there, and
King William the Tar was one of them.—(Applause.)
The CHAIRMAN next gave---" The Army ;" and in
so doing, alluded to the debt of gratitude which the country
owed to the Duke of Wellington for his military services,
and also for bringing forward that great measure of civil
liberty, the Catholic Relief Bill. He (the Chairman)
trusted that both he and Sir R. Peel would yet be found to
assist the present Government in their measures.
The CHAIRMAN again rose. He retnembered, as must
also many around bins, that a Minister of England (Mr.
Pitt) had, in 17S, declared in his place in the House of
Commons, " that that beautiful frame of Government,
which had made us the envy and admiration of mankind,
and in which the people were entitled to hold so distin-
guished a share, was so far dwindled and departed from
its ot iginal purity, that the representatives ceased, in a
great degree, to be connected with the people. So far
were the owners of many of the boroughs from consult-
ing the interests of the country in the choice which they
made, that they held out their borough to the best pur-
chaser ; and, in fact, some of them belonged more to the
Nabob of Arcot than they did to the people of Great Bri-
tain ; for it was a fact, pretty well known, that he had no
less than seven or eight Members in that House." After
some other observations of a like nature, Mr. Pitt con-
cluded by saying, " there were many detects, which
had altered the radical principles of the Constitution,
which must be removed, and that their removal
would not be an innovation, but a recovery of the
Constitution. In this view of the matter, many of
the greatest men in the country had concurred, and
among them was his venerated father, the late Earl
of Chatham, who was of opinion that a Reform of the
representation was absolutely necessary for the security of
ti c liberties of the people.' It is lamentable (continued
the Chairman) that after these declarations, Mr. Pitt
should have basely deserted his principles, and sooner tha❑
quit office, plunge the country into a war, which had en-
tailed upon us that dead weight under which we were
now suffering, but which, he trusted, the present Ministry,
headed by Earl Grey, who, in his conduct, after public
professions, presented a striking contrast to Mr. I'itt,
would be enabled greatly to mitigate, if not remove.—
(Loud cheers.) He would conclude by giving—" The
healths of Lord Grey, Lord Althorp, and the rest of his
Majesty's Ministers."
Drank with three times three and loud applause.
Captain SPENCER—My brother's name having been so
pointedly alluded to, allow me to return you my best
thanks on his behalf.
The Rev. C. ECKERSALL Said-I beg to propose to you
" The Health of the Noble and Independent Freeholders
of the county of Worcester, who voted for the cause of
Reform in the late contest."
The toast was received and drank with much applause.
Dr. Joust JOHNSTONE was appointed to propose to them
the healths of their honoured guests, " The Members for
the county of Worcester."—(Cheers.) One of the Hon.
Gentlemen was well known to the county of Worcester,
and had pledged himself to vote for the Reform Bill i❑ all
its stages.—(Hear and applause.) His colleague, a gentle-
man who had served his country, and was known by his.
gallant bearing, and the scars which he had received in
the service of his King, had been called a stranger
cmoeunn,tyofofLoNlydorAceistbteorr.p—a(TdeLaro,r
(Hear.) The descendant of the grea
The son of that Earl Spencer who
borough—a stranger•
cheers.) But,
gentle-
men,land a stranger.--(Hear, hear, and
Lord hear.)
yr .t)t I eTt oht The
i-T brother,: se troafnggAeenir
a.t
unnecessary for me to pursue this course, for
it is
the freeholders of Worcestershire have selected the gallant
organised victory when Lord High Admiral of Eng-

Captain, not on account of the merits of his ancestry—.
(llear)—hut from the consideration of his own worth,
and the pledge which he had given to support the cause
of Reform.—(Loud cheers.) The toast was drank with
the greatest enthusiasm, and three times three cheers.
The Hon. T. H. FOLEY rose and said, the gentleman

who had so kindly introduced the toast, was pleased to
allude to the vote which he (Mr. Foley) had given on the
Reform Bill. He could assure those present that he had
given that vote from his conviction that the Bill was cal-
culated to bring peace, prosperity, Ithd happiness to the
country—(Applause)—that it would insure the tight of
the people, and not only insure but restore rights which
were fast fading away, and to which the people might with
justice I.ly claim.—(Hear.)—lt was on these grounds
that he had voted for the Reform Bill, and it was for

this that he was again reiurned to give it his support ; for
he would pledge himself to vote for that Bill in all its
stages.—(Loud cheers.)
The Hon. Captain SPENCER begged to return thanks
for the honour done him. He would congratulate his fel-
low countrymen that the Bill for Parliamentary Reform
was now secure.—(Loud cheers.) The returns already
gazetted would show this to be the case.
Mr. FOLEY, after prefacing it with a few appropriate
observations, gave " The Birmingham and King's Norton
Committees, and thanks to them for their efficient services."
Mr. RUSSELL suitably acknowledged the toast,
The Rev. RANN KENNEDY gave as a toast—" The
health of Lord John Russell and the Patriot Reformers of

the United Kingdom," and spoke to the following erect :
In professing this toast, I cannot ba understood to inti-
mate that Lord John Russell was the individual who origi-

flared and planned the particular Reform Bill which is
now exciting so much national interest. We must attri-
bute it to the collective wisdom of his Majesty's Ministers.

If one among them, more than another, has a peculiar
claim on our gratitude, it is, doubtless, Earl Grey, who
formed the Administration; who formed it mainly with

this view, who called to his side such honest and able
men as Lord Althorp and Lord Brougham, bent on the
same object, who as Premier declared that his own con-
ti❑uance in office should entirely depend on the accom-

plishment of it; and who, by this crowning act, will
have nobly signalized a political career, more remarkable
than that of any other man, for the length of time, dur-
ing which, under every change of circumstances, foul
or flit., auspie:ous or discouraging, he has stood forth,
without the shadow of variableness, a patriot, of unbend-
ing and unblemished consistency. But, Sir, the credit due
to the promoters of this Bill is enhanced by their giving to
Lord John Russell the high distinction of laying before
Parliament the outlines and details of a measure, which if

carried into effect, will constitute one of the most impor-
t int and memorable epochs in the annals of the nation.
They acted becomingly in appointing to this honourable
post the member of an illustrirus house, distinguished by
its hereditary attachment and sacrifices to the cause of civil
and religious liberty, and particularly one, who had pro-
minently come forward at different times as the advocate
of that cause. They acted wisely, too, in selecting for
such an office, a man known to be intimately acquainted
with the origin, genius, and history of the British Consti-
tution, and who has proved himself well qualified for the
task assigned him, by enforcing the principles, and deve-
loping the provisions of the new Bill, with a strength of
argument, a fulness and perspicuify of statement, equally
creditable to him as a scholar, an orator, and a statesman.
The point, however, to which I would more especially beg
your attention (as connected with this festive occasion) is
the expression of generous and enlightened sentiments
with which the Noble Lord concluded the speech to which

I refer. I reply to those who say that the Reform Bill
will be injwions to arist )cratical influence ; he acknow.
ledges that it will have this effect on an aristocracy which
does not live among the people, which knows nothing of
the people, and cares nothing for them ; an aristocracy,
which only seeks for rank without merit, places without
talent, and pensions without services. For such an
aristocracy he professes to have no sympathy. He main-
tains, at the same time, that the operation of the proposed

Bill will greatly improve the influence of an aristocracy
ditlerent in character,—an aristocracy which mingles with
the people, which knows their wants, which cheers a
neighbourhood by hospitality, and shows a fellowship of
feeling with the people. The Rev. Gentleman's speech
was received throughout with much approbation, and the
toast was drank with three times three cheers.
The VICE-CHAIRMAN then gave the health of " Lord
Foley, Lord Lieutenant of the county of Worcester,"
which was acknowledged by the Hon. T. H. Foley.
Mr. SCOTT, barrister, of Stourbridge, proposed the
" Lord Lieutenant and Magistrates of the county of War-
wick." When they drank the Lord Lieutenant of the
county, they would shew respect to office and not to the
political opinions of the m in sustaining that office fur the
time being.—(Notwithstanding this explanation, we ob-
served very few who drunk the toast. Very few knew
that the magistrates were included in it.)
THOMAS LEE, Esq. returned thanks, and begged to pro-
pose " The Members for the county of Warwick." Drank
with three times three.
The Rev. Mr. LEIGH, of Bilston, proposed " The
Members for Staffordshire." Although some excellent
speeches had been made, there was one subject to which
he was anxious to draw their attention for a few moments,
particularly as he happened to be a member of the clergy
of the Church of England—and a great deal of the oppo-
sition to the all glorious measure of Reform had come
from that body.—(Hear, and applause.) Although not
a member of the senate of the University of Cambridge,
he blushed to think that that seat of learning could be
prevailed on to prefer a Peel to a Cavendish, and a Gout-
bourn to a Palmerston.—(Cheers.) Of the other Univer-
sity he was a member, and he sincerely regretted that a
more talented and less bigoted man than Sir Robert Inglis
could not he found to represent that body.—(Hear, hear.)
He hoped, however, they would not judge of the whole
clergy of England by the example set by the two Univer-
sities.—(No, no.) These men shut their eyes and ears
to conviction, and how, therefore, was it possible to
change their opinions. As well might we try to change
the colour of the Ethiopean's skin, or to drive a nail into a
door made of Bilston iron. They were impervious to all
argument.—(Laughter and cheers.) For his own part
he telieved the Reform Bill was fraught with blessings.
" The Bishop and Clergy of the Diocese" was then
given and acknowledged by the Rev. Rann Kennedy and
the Rev. Mt. Tylcote the latter of whom proposed in return,
" The Christian Ministers of all denominations, and
the general cause of Civil and Religious Liberty."
Rev. T. M. M'DONNELL acknowledged this toast and
said, Mr 'President and Gentlemen—l rejoice most heartily
in the triumph which you commemorate this day, for I
will venture to say that the distinction between civil and
religious liberty is an unfounded distinction. Tyranny is
a monster whole and complete in all its parts, and if you
destroy one of these, it is the announcement that the
monster itself is in the convulsions which just proceeded
its dissolution. Having, therefore, stabbed it in the most
sensitive part of its religious oppression, you have achieved
the destruction of civil tyranny ; you have announced to
the world that neither creed nor colours shall doom man to
slavery. This you have completely effected in the case of
creed; and I will boldly say, that when my Lord John
Russell brought this measure of Reform before the House
of Commons, he tolled the knell of negro slavery. In re-
ceiving this great measure I cannot omit all notice of that
' topic which has been so candidly, nobly, and honestly
handled by the Rev. Gentleman near me. Mr. Leigh,
(Here two or three individuals repeated an annoyance
which they had before attempted.)—l hope, gentles.
men, I am not out of order.—(Loud cries of, " no,
no ! go on, go ou.") The speaker resumed :--1
was referring, Sir, to the outcry against Reform, that
the Church is in danger. I beg, gentlemen, to bear in
mind that, Reform or no Reform, no Church can be longer
upheld by any thing but its own intrinsic merits, artificial
props may support the edifice for a while, but time will
corrode them, and unless a Church have something solid
in its own conviction, it will not stand. I will take the
liberty to animadvert upon an expression, I am sure an
accidental expression, which fell from my Rev. Friend.
He said that it was not likely that he would support the
measure if it were injurious to the Church by which he
gets his living. I will take the liberty to say to him, as
I have said elsewhere to another honest Member of the
Church of England (Dr. Wade, at Warrick), that in his
advocacy of this great measure for the regeneration of the
people of England, he put his living entirely out of th•
question. A few words, Sir, to the distinguished and
honourable gentlemen whose triumphs we celebrate; they
have heard the noble sentiments that have been uttered
eucfairis.eicsiohomLec:or:nhst,
het
ti
et
Ineognratesv
this day ; they have themselves given utterance to a con-
siderable portion of them. They have observed the enthu-
siasm with which this assembly has responded to those
sentiments. They will allow me to ask if they are not
proud
the Hon. Members.) Do they not think that men such
as these are well worth representing, and do they not feel
valuablethat ‘I Most
constituentstcrea certainly," tai n
Committee,l y
than
o 11
at
rotten wall, a filthy ditch, or a barren mound of earth 1
which was acknowledged by the Rev. Mr. PxARSON•
Captain SPENCER introduced, in a brief but complimen-
tary speenh--" 'The health of the Chairman, Dr. Edward
Johnstone."—The CHAIRMAN returned thanks.
Many other patriotic toasts were given in the course of
the evening, among which were—
" Sir Francis Burdett and the Managers of the Loyal

and Patriotic 1
some offer of as

" 'the Poles,
of it."

The Cha;rm;
Hun. 111 r. Folf
past ten o'clock
kept up to a ldt

The Rossi,
nearer to WI
have march('

On the 13
under the Co
°f eight Ger
on that day
evening of th
(English) frc
this party, fc
army, intellii
Issue will,
valour.

vTle:ll:di
ompelliaints,
b 8 ee y 3
which point
they have al
28th ultimo,
were made b

In additio
Commander-
a report has
of the enetr
Mienka and
Persed, On
Pulawy was
Whence a di
General C
through the
the corps of
section of Z
Which foitrc
penetrate int
is believed, t
The encic
gurgents to I
serest, and
Prize indepe
vrill remark,
Which day E
the 13th it'is

sevenr,eitenhedEeidtni sgulir
Nowno. T
four battalit
cannons. I
Itiski comma
"fantry we(
Upitsche c;
day. Vine(
Lithuanians
sloes were 1
great loss.

A general
Province of
antler arms:
fathers, to s
than submit

inaEttlegvaetortleicinlolii
with scythe
t° them tha
`Vilna has I
and exertiot
in the field!
the heart, a
death. Th
some of wl
°ring their
It is thei
tbogitians
Thents of o
legging to
Ernperor o
render oppi
oppression
°,l. glorious Troops ar(
also experil
the volunt(
tnidable, a
animate till
" TO

"I have
Iternment, 1
''here he fel
Thiernen, c
konta of C
'idered as ti
'ear-guard
part of the

"
tiowski mad
four officers
loaded with
Y Portable can
able quantit
Aide-de-car
It;'0 among
rills in si
'Unitar chi
loanski sav
WiePrz, nea

" Jedrzej

I have
state Whti
littrled by
ileral Chu
to march I
the pUrpo
lo fact,
forced to
WaY) per
through
made fore
daYs, bea
!rid broug
Instant.
ktixiety,
forces of
for a who

The c

alarm; it
Wrek ; it
new cast
?er, esta
'lays, whi
considers
I)llnriauni
to circurr

M.
Warsaw
that he
frontier t
°trned t
se.4dy for
"Is tweni

Adis
Ge„
-rve T.
Of h.° "
Is con:
meeting t(
t"arYk b
Iit•NAtINS
.4Boal ;
agr
ti.readv „
7.rge
ate (
A.
the I put
P an",
ACANIN
Probaot_
ten "
and
Public in
Irigh,
vetiYe bu
trust

vestry.—.
worth,

he cause
nk with

!ntleman
eased to
n on the
t he had

was cal-
-1 to the
tight of
is which
ght with
grounds

was fur

iort ; for
in all its

thank;
e his fa-
y Reform
s already

propriate
'e Nor ton

cervices."

t—" The
immers of

effect :

f to inti-
vho origi-
which is
lust attri-
Vlinigers.
peculiar
rey, who
inly with
and able
It on the

Dwn con-

he accom-
act, will
emarkable
time, dur-
nces, foul
ood forth,
f unbend-
credit due
r giving to
ing before
~ which if
ost impor-

he nation.
lonourable
guished by
use of civil
o had pro-
,e advocate
lecting for
acquainted
Ish Consti-
ied for the
and deve-
strength of
,nt, equally
statesman.
?ecially beg
,ccasion) is
sentiments
h to which
leform Bill
he acknow.
racy which
nothing of
aristocracy,
vs without

r such an
He main-
lie proposed
aristocracy
singles with
1 cheers a
•llowahip of
an's speech
on, and the

1 ftf " Lord
Worcester,"
Foley.

roposed the
nty of War-
riant of the
d not to the
)ffice for the
tion, we ob-
-7y few knew

gged to pro-
k." Drank

Posed " The
ne excellent
ect to which
ow moments,
)f the clergy
of the oppo-
•ni had come
,lthough not
E. Cambridge,
ing could be
and a Goul-
alier Univer-
Ated that a
tobert Inglis
Hear, hear.)
of the whole
two Univer-
eyes and ears
possible to
ry to change
a nail into a
ervious to all
lig own part
blessings.

e" was then
:(ennedy and
used in return,
nations, and
rty."
pis toast and
most heartily
is day, for I
veen civil and

of the LoYal

and Patriotic Fund, with thanks to them for their hand-
some offer of assistance." . . .

" The Poles, ;:niinelependence to all nations deserving
of it."

The Chairman and the two distinguished guests, the
Hon. Mr. Foley and Captain Spencer, retired about half•
put ten o'clock, but the conviviality of the evening was
kept UP to a Lite hour.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONY O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 199 34 New 5 per Cent. —
3 per Cent. Red 83%.74%% India Stock
3 per Cent. Cons. S4 3% 4 Ditto Bonds 1 2 dis, par
3% per Cent. 90% South Sea Stock
92%
Ditto Red 901;4 % Old Annuities —
New 3%per Cent 92 li 2 % New Ditto —
`1 per Cent Ann. 1726 .... 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
4 per Cent. lii‘X
Bank Long Ann to expire Ditto 500 7 8 pm.
Jan 5, 1860 l7 16 15-16 Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1859 — Ditto Commercial. pm.
Jan. 5, 1860... ...... 17% 15-16 Ditto Advertised — pm.
Jan. 5, 1880 — Bank for Account ...... .... --
April 5, 1880 — India for Account . ...... - ---
Jan. 5, 1870 — , Cons. for July 20 83%3,414%
- --
