IRELAND.

(FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT.
DUBLIN, APRIL 16.
MR. O'CONNELL.-IMPORTANT MEETING.

Mr. O'Connell, who arrived in Ireland upon Saturday,
summoned his constituents to a public meeting this day, by
the following card :

" AGITATION.

" Agitation is the price necessarily paid for liberty.
" Merrion-square, April 16.
" I request a meeting this day, at the ,Corn Exchange
Great Rooms, of such friends of Ireland as are desirous of
making practical arrangements for the effectual registry of
the Liberal interest in the various counties, cities, and towns
in Ireland.
" DANIEL O'CONNELL, m.p.,,

At two o'clock to-day the great room was crowded with
citizens, though the day was stormy, and few would venture
out upon a trifling inducement. Mr. Mansfield was called to
the Chair ; upon which
Mr. O'CoNNELL rose amid loud cheers, and said he con-
gratulated them heartily upon the victory that they and ho
had achieved over the Orange faction of that city.—( Cheers.)
It would have done their hearts good to have seen the coun-
tenance of West when the Committee was struck, and he saw
all his hopes frustrated, and knew his thousands had been ex-
pended in vain.—( Cheers and laughter.) But the subject
upon which he had called them together was to ensure many
similar victories, and to take effectual means to forward the
great principle of equal justice. At the last election the
people had sent 73 Members to Parliament, who were pledged
to advocate the cause of liberty ; but three of these had:been
struck off by the decision of a Committee. In the case of
Emmerson Tennent and Dunbar, the decision was so repug-
nant to justice that the Tories themselves would not defend
it. The decision in the Kinsale case was ludicrous, but it
was a further proof of the necessity of a tribunal uncon-
nected with the House to try controverted elections. In
Tralco Mr. Maurice O'Connell had been seated ; the
absurd decision of Mr. M'Keon having been reversed.
Putting Mr. Mahoney and Mr. Maurice O'Connell against
each other, there was a balance of two in favour of the
Spottisvroode gang. So much for Election Committees. But
he was now in the progress of an experiment, whether Ireland
was to be governed by a combined Parliament of the empire,
or a domestic Legislature. He tried the experiment honestly,
but he did not believe it could succeed. At present there
virtually existed no Union between the countries, because
there was no community of interest. There was, to be sure,
a parchment Union, but it would soon be a cobweb one if
equal justice was not done; while there was a difference in the
eye of the law and the Legislature between Dublin and York,
or between Cork and Cornwall, there was not equal justice—
the only basis of union. Ireland gained little but an enormous
national debt by her legislative connection with England, and
while :he and Scotland had only to support the Church of the
people, Ireland was saddled with an alien Establishment.
There was then no union between the countries. Ireland,
too, was deprived of municipalities, which were granted to the
rest of the empire. He cared not what sanctimonious pretext
they might raise, whether the Duke of Wellington's piety or
Toryism suggested that Ireland was to be treated like a step-
child. The Duke of Wellington would make us all Protes-
tants, and the way he sought to do it was by making his Pro-
testantism the pretence for injustice. He would now show
that there was an inequality in the franchise between the
morecw could ut
gross
dr
odssi therefftehr
aebnnet then proportionsidentity
inequality lbetweeno
offjrepresentationu sti peoplece
Could
who
countries,were
anythinglre and
ahteed
We :had 105 Members, two of which were given to theUni-
versity7
of Dublin by the: Reform Bill, and 103 to the whole
country 1 The population of Ireland was one-third of the
whole empire, and she should have a third of the _number of
Members. Taking the lowest calculation of the property, even
that made by Castlereagh at the Union, Ireland should have
168, but he offered to take 150 Members, and till that number
was granted, we would not be treated with equality. Wales
had twenty-eight Members, and Ireland but one hundred
and five. But he admitted that he cared less for the
number of representatives than an extension of the franchise,
with which Ireland would elect such a 105 as would be worth
200. In England they had the 40s. freehold to this day ; and
till Ireland had a Si. freehold, there would be no equality. It
was called a' tenure where there was no equality of justice ;
but he who would say, with a limited number of Representa-
tives, and an inadequate franchise, that there was a tenure, he
( Mr. O'Connell), would despise. He then came back to
Election Committees, which were another grievance. George
Frederick Young's Committee decided that rent did not mean
rent but tax, in the case of the pipe-water rent, though the
man that paid for water got value for his money, which could
scarcely be said of any municipal tax. He was always in
the habit of calling things by their right names, and he was
not much afraid of being reprimanded in that assembly for
telling the truth. The House of Commons might have sent
him, if they had courage, to the Tower ; but he would have
proclaimed truth from the iron bars. He would then say there
was, between these countries in truth no union.—( Cheers.)
He was making an experiment, and he still had hopes that it
would end satisfactorily. His reasons were, that he saw at
home Lord Mulgrave administering justice fairly, while
bigotry was no longer useful towards promotion. if he con-
tinued much longer, there would be no use in " brewestering"
it to a jury with the hope of ascending the Bench.—( Loud
cheers.) For the first time since our connection with Great
Britain a whole circuit had gone over, and one man only has
perished on the scaffold. And if there happens such a horrid
assasination as that of Cooper to occur, Lord Mulgrave is not
to be blamed for it. But great as that crime was, the meet-
ing of Magistrates exulting at it, and the joyfulness of Lord
Donoughmore writing to his friend Glenelg in triumph that
another crime had been committed, was more. But though
it had, nothing will be neglected to detect the perpetrators.
But there was another individual of whom they should not:speak
in the mere idle terms of praise. He meant the illustrious and
highly-gifted creature that filled the throne, he trusted for the
benefit of all her subjects. Her endeavours and inclinations
would not be flitting, its effects would not pass away as the
flash of lightning, leaving a greater darkness behind it : that
natural disposition, which in others of her family was obstinacy,
in her would be perseverance. One of the boasts of Elizabeth
(how could he mention that horrid woman in the same speech
with Queen Victoria) wait the Pacta Hibernia, but her Paeta
Hibernia was a desert, a solitude—nbi solitudinem faciunt
patent appellant. Ireland in the reign of Queen Victoria
would not be pacified in that manner. They were not to look
to the people of England, however, to give them their rights,
but themselves. There was the Poor-law ; he meant to
move an adjournment to next day, when he would submit his
views on this question. There was Municipal Reform : did
they think the Lords would let that pass? No; but he would
tell them how they could force them to consent to it. He
would move that there should be simultaneous meetings all
over Ireland to petition the Queen. But in talking of simul-
taneous meetings he did not mean that there should be any
secret societies. Thank God, by the exertions of the police
the Welters had been in a great measure prevented from con-
tinuing their misdeeds. But being driven from the cities they
had gone to the country. Only the other day a man had been
detected in Navan with proclamations which were to be dis-
semineted through the north, calling on the people to rise up
like the Canadians ; this man was detected by a priest. No,
he did not desire that anything should be done by force, nor
were they to go so far as the English Radicals (for calling
whom Tory-Radicals he had been blamed in that room). Did
they not see during the last election that anti-Irish spirit
breaking out and spreading through the land so as to take
away from him any hopes of acheiving anything save by them-
selves :

" Hereditary bondsmen, know you not,
Who would be free themselves should strike the blow."
Well, let them see how the registration, the instrument in their
hands was being used. When the General Association ex-
isted they had means of working, and they were gaining on
their enemies. The Government wished that body to be dis-
solved ; he acceeded to their wish, and the consequence was that
with few exceptions, they were losing ground in the registry. Jea-
lousy was the cause of this. He had a plan which would reverse it.
He had, and he would submit it to a Committee. He meant
to move that a central board of registration, which should
have the superintendence of all the registries. Dublin was
better off than other places. 2,700 notices were served—
should he say by his staff? It was true the Corporation were
making fictitious freemen. They would not act thus, but that
-they knew that there could not be got a Grand Jury to
find bills rgainst them for a conspiracy. But ho would
not submit to injustice, and before the end of that week
he would apply to the Queen's Bench for a quo warranto.
He would take up then freemen by birth, expose their bri-
bery, and he was mistaken if he would not make out a
strong case against them. If his plan succeeded the registra-
tion would go on well. First they should get a subscription.
He had three sons in Parliament—he would subscribe 101. for
himself, and 51. for each of them. All the other liberal Irish
Members will also subscribe equally, and they would soon
have a fund large enough. He alluded then to the question
of the immediate abolition of slavery, of which he was always
the consistent advocate. He had thus shown that there was
no union between England and Ireland—that in the fran-
chise, the representation, the religion, the municipal rights,
there was essential difference. He had shown that there was
only a parchment union, in which he would never acquiesce if
they were not put on full equality with the people of England.
He has shown them that they were losing ground in the regis-
try ; he therefore moved that a Central Board of Registration
subject to such rules, and acting on such modes as might be
determined at a future meeting.
Mr. SETON seconded the resolution ; it was adopted.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that a Committee of 11 should be
appointed to consider his proposition.
Mr. M'NEvsN seconded the motion. It was carried una-
nimously.

Mr. ROACH addressed the meeting at considerable length.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the meeting should adjourn on
its rising till three o'clock next day.
Mr. WALsit addressed the meeting,
Mr. Guthrie was moved to the Chair, and the meeting se-
parated.

Mr. Maurice O'Connell is to be entertained at a public
dinner in Tralee next week.
It is reported that the Bishop of Meath is dead.
A Bench warrant has been granted against Captain Vig-
noles, at Carlow Sessions, for assault.
The Southern Reporter states that Lord Bandon is driving
out large numbers of his Catholic tenantry, though before
Parliament he declared he would not do so.

Yesterday morning, about half-past' nine o'clock, a
very aged woman, named Plumer, was crossing Regent-street,
near the end of Conduit-street, when she was run dow n by a
hackney-coach, the wheel passing over her waist. Sae was
removed to St. George's Hospital.

THE DORCHESTER LABOURERS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sir—ln the Report you gave yesterday of what I said on
Monday at the Dorchester Festival, there is an omission at
the commencement that I shall feel obliged by your allowing me
to supply—" Having been prosecuted, and having had the
honour of being served with an Exchequer Writ, for having
published an unstamped Newspaper, he rejoiced for having
done." Now, Sir, at the period referred to, I was an inmate
of the Giltspur-street Compter, sentenced to three months
imprisonment for publishing without a stamp—just then
" The Dorchester Labourers" were tried, I published the trial,
and was immediately served in the prison with an Exchequer
Writ—for " printing, publishing," &c., the very number of
the Police Gazelle, containing the proceedings at Dorchester;
this will in some measure account for the strong sympathy I
have felt with my friends from Tolpuddle.
Thanking you most heartily for your report and remarks on
Monday's proceedings—l am, Sir,
Your obliged obedient Servant,
• JOHN CLEAVE.
1, Shoe-lane, Fleet-street, April 18, 1828.

PARISH ELECTIONS.

ST. MARTIN-IN-THE-FIELDS.

The polling for churchwardens in this parish commenced
yesterday, and will be continued this day and Thursday.
At the close of this day's poll the numbers stood—Cuff,
655; Staunton, 523; Tories. Simpson, 555, Reformer.

ST. GEORGE THE MARTYR, SOUTHWARK.
Yesterday a public vestry of the rate-payers of this parish
was convened in the vestry-room, for the election of church-
wardens, overseers, and other parish-officers. Shortly after
twelve o'clock the Rector, the Rev. Mr. Horton, entered
the room, and took possession of the chair. The meeting
exhibited great dissatisfaction at this proceeding, which was
greatly increased when the Rev. Chairman named Mr. Ro•
berts as rector's warden for the ensuing year.
After a long and confused discussion, in which Mr. Arrow-
smith took the most prominent part, the question concerning
sidesmen terminated in the relinquishment by the rector's
warden of his right of nomination.
Mr. HENRY HOOLE was then proposed as rector's warden
for the ensuing year amid loud cheers.
The RECTOR declared the show of hands to be in his
favour.

Mr. REDFORD proposed Mr. George Gillum as puisno
warden for the ensuing year.—( Cheers. )
Mr. PULTNEY proposed Mr. Gainsborough for the office of
puisno warden.
The show of hands having been declared in favour of Mr.
Gillum, a poll was demanded, which will take place on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next, between nine and
four o'clock. The Overseers, Commissioners of Requests,
and other officers, having been appointed, the Vestry sepa-
rated.

ST. MARY'S, LAMBETH.
(Concluded from yesterday's Sun.)
The Overseers, Surveyors of Highways, and all the other
parochial officers were elected by large majorities from amongst
the liberal ranks, Mr. Grady, Mr. Fall, and other gentlemen
pledging themselves that the proceedings of the Board of
Guardians should be open to the public, and that all the ac-
counts should once in each year be audited in open vestry.

ISLINGTON.
Yesterday a vestry meeting was held in the Church of the
above parish, for the election of officers for the ensuing year.
Mr. Nicholls, Churchwarden, in the chair. The minutes of
the last ♦estry were read and confirmed. Messrs. Blanchard,
Bewdley, and Hardy were unanimously elected Churchwar-
dens for the ensuing year. The remaining business having
been disposed of, thanks were voted to the Churchwarden,
after which the vestry adjourned.

ST. SAVIOUR, SOUTHWARK.
Yesterday a vestry of this parish was held to elect Church-
wardens and Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the
year ensuing.
Mr. SMITH, Vestry-clerk, said that the first duty of that
vestry was to elect Wardens, and that Messrs. John Warden
and Jenkin Jones were proposed to fill the office of Warden of
the great account.

The show ofh;nds appearing in favour of Mr. Raymond, a
poll was domanded on behalf of Mr. Jones, which will take
place on Thursday and Friday next, from ten till four o'clock.
Messrs. White, Wells, Richards, Jackson, and Benbow we
re
elected to the several offices of Rooters' Warden, College
Warden, Bell Warden, &c. The other parish officers having
.
been chosen, the vestry adjourned.

ST. LEONARD, SHOREDITCH.
The parishioners assembled ♦ery numerously in the vestry
the meeting being afterwards adjourned to the body of the
church, for the purpose of choosing churchwardens and com-
missioners of the Court of Requests for the ensuing year.
Mr. Thomas Reece was elected senior churchwarden without
opposition.
Mr. GRAPPLE moved that Mr. Nicholson be elected junior
churchwarden.
Mr. SOLONIONS proposed Mr. Rudland for that office.
Mr. PEARCE nominated Mr. Austin.
Mr. Rudland, brush manufacturer, High-street, Shore-
ditch, was appointed junior churchwarden.
Thanks were then passed to the late overseers, and commis-
sioners of the Court of Requests were chosen.
