4,ington, in the County of Derby, against the Poor Removal '
eta—Ordered to lie on the Table, and to be printed.
Sit E. HARVEY presented a similar Petition from the
i'larish of Westham, in the County of Essex.—Ordered to lie
Goa the Table, and to be printed.
SALT TAX.
Mr. H. BRIGHT presented a Petition front certain Mer-
chants and others in the neighbourhood of Bristol, praying for
a total repeal of the Duty on Salt. The Hoishurable Gentleman
chewed that the 2s. proposed to be left would operate severely
on the fisheiles. They would have to pay not less than 150,001.
aeresally, and would the House suffer an interest so important
as that of the fisheries to he thus taxed ? The colonies now so
much distressed would also suffer from the duty in question, as
it would cause an additional six. shillings to be charged on
exery barrel of fish sent out, the cost price of which was at
pess.snt sas.
Mr. URENFELL expressed a hope that this subject
-would receive the serious consideration of his Majesty's Go-
vernment.
The Petition was ordered to he on the table..
Mr. DODSON presented a Petition from certain Owners
and Occupiers of Land in the eastern part of Sussex, on the
sub jest of Agricultural Distress.
WELCH JUDICATURE.
Mr. JONES moved for leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge
anal extend the powers of Judges'at the Courts of Session in
Wales, and to amend the laws relative to the same. He would
not now go into the subject. The Bill was framed with a view
of correcting the evils complained of in the Report of the Com-
mittees which had been laid before the House. He proposed
te bring in the Bill, that it might be read a first and second
limo and be printed, and then stand over till next Session that
the tubiect might receive the fullest consideration.
.Mr. IARHA3I did not oppose the bringing in of this Bill,
Its: thought it right to remark on the conduct of the Hon. Gen-
tlemen opposite, who had counted .the House out on a former
ethssien, to get rid of a plan brought forward by another Hon.
esseiniser, in order to make way for his own.
lir. Secretary PEEL begged to remind the Hon Member,
that on the occasion alluded to, a difference had arisen on a
motion made by the Hon. Member for Durham for adjourning
the debate to that day fortnight. That motion was opposed.
of the House had divided, the result must have been an ad-
josh; nment ; and it was in this state of things that the attention
If the SPeaker had been called to the state of the House.
Mr. DENMAN said, the question on which a difference
had arisen, was not as to adjourning the debate to any particti-
lar day, for the Hon. Member for Durham had not confined
him Self to the proposing that day fortnight, but had ofibred, to
naree any other day that might better suit the convenience
of the Hon Se. The objection was
.to the appointment of
a Committee to which the Resolutions of his Honourable
lziend and the whole subject might be referred. .The pre-
sent Bill supplied a remedy to cure trivial evils, but did no:
meet any of the great objections which had been urged against
the present system of Welch Judicature. He thought it would
he better that the subject should go off altogether till next Ses-
sion than that such a measure should be adopted.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL remarked, the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman had said this Bill only corrected trivial
errere, but did not meet the main objections urged against the
present system. He (Mr. Denman) would excuse him when he
said it appeared to him that this opinion would have been as
Wsil reserved till the Bill had been printed and was open to
his (Mr. Denman's inspection. This Bill went to correct the
evils complained of, though not to alter the whole system of
Welch Judicature. It was proposed that the Bill,when printed,
-should stand over till next Session, when the Hon. Member for
Pembroke might, if he pleased, bring forward his Resolutions
i.yhin, the question being kept in the mean time precisely as
it stood at present.
Mr. DES-LNIAN said he had collected the contents cf the
Bill from what had been stated by the Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
h ones).
Mr. JONES remarked his memory failed him, or he had
never stated what his Bill would contain. He was not con-
SCIOUS that he had acted improperly by the llcuse, or been de-
ficient in courtesy to any one.
After a few words from Mr. DEN mAN and Mr. BRO GRA :+l,
leave wag given to bring in the Bill.
ENROLNENT OF ANNUITIES. . .

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL obtained leave to bring in
a Bill to explain the Act of the 53d of the late King respecting
-the Enrolment of Memorials foe Grants of Annuities.
ROYAL BURGHS ACCOUNT BILL.
After a short conversation between the Lon") ADVOCATE of
•5c.0.ri,..0.1D and Lord A. HAMILTON, the further considera-
lion of the report of the Royal Burghs Accounts Bill wai post-
poned till Monday the 17th of June.
NAVAL AND MILITARY PENSIONS.
Sir C. LONG moved that the consideration of the .report of
-the Committee on the plan for paying the Naval and Military
Fersions should be postponed till to-morrow.
;qr. HUME moved that it should be postponed till Monday.
Mr. BROUGHAM thought it ought to be postponed till
2;:endav,-
Sir C. LONG considered there had been an understanding
in the House, that the Report should be taken to-morrow, and
st.:th being the known intention of Ministers, it would be tak-
ity, a most unusual course to put it off. He hoped it would be
ai,owed to stand for to-morrow. His Right. Hon. Friend,
sk.c.ruid postponement be desirable, would, he was confident,
yit:d to the wishes of the Hon. Gentleman opposite.
After a few words from Mr. P. Grenfell, Sir J. Newport,
:Kr. Ricardo, and Mr. Brougham, Mr. Hume consented to
withdraw his motion, and the Report was ordered to be brought
ur to-morrow.
The Scottish Entail's Bill was-read a second time, and or-
dered to be committed to-morrow.
The Sheriff' Depute's Bill went through a Committee, th
Report of which was ordered to be received to-morrow.
Mr. JONES brought in a Bill to enlarge and extend the
.powtr.-1 of the Welsh Judges. Read a first, and ordered to
read a second time on Thursday next, and the Bill to be

printed.
other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
adjourned at Half-past Seven,

CITY, THURSDAY EVENING

consols operte,i this morning at 801, advanced to 801, and
:nosed. at 80i. They were very little attended to, as the new
Loans were more attractive. The new Russian Contract is for
2;1 millions of silver roubles, or equal to 3i millions sterling; the
interest is 5 per cant., -payable, at the option of the holder, either
at St. Petersburgh or in London, half-yearly. A Sinking Fund
of one per cent. taken from the Loan itself, is in some future
period to liquid ate tha debt, and all the usual benefits of borrowing
money must no doubt attend this transaction. Yesterday it was
othared at 77, this morning it opened at 78, and the Agents for
the Contra.e.tora offered it early, in printed circulars, at 81 ; but
the .phblie entertained a far higher opinion of it. An iM-
27.1CriJ2 deal of busineSs waa done in it, and it advanced at one
tixn to 65 ; aftcrwards it fell to 84i, and closed at 8:1A. The
grzczal opinion was, that the Contractors would dot have en-
tt.rd en this business withont• an assurance that no Turkish
war was Immediately intended on the part of Russia.. There
.are net a few who think that the money will be expended in
execiAng the EMPEROR'S designs on Turkey. To dismiss
a Russian army no money is necessary, for commonly no
pay is due ; but it will be found at all events useful, if not ne-
.oattary, should his MAJESTY be pleased to keep his armies in
the :kith—There is a report that a loan for Portugal, and also
.Coe for Austria, will soon be made public.—Letters have been
received Irons Trieste of the 15th current, by which advices
have been obtained from Scio, dated the 20th and 21st, and
from. Smyrna of the 27th ult. It is impossible for the mind of
man to fancy any thing mere atrocious than the information
receiv-ad of the crualties comniittod on' the unfortunate Sciots.
It fame a register of the blackest crimes. The Capitan
Paths appears to have been a leader worthy of the miscreants
whom Le commanded. In excesi.of guilt he has 'led the way,
and. his'example has not been lost on his followers. Carnage,
plunder, debauchery of the worst descriptior., and every cruelty
were continupl pithout any ittermission. No lives were spared,
exce.ptir.g choir of some women and children ; 800 of the tbrmer
_sod arso of the latter having already been sent into slavery. The
foilowers of the Prophet were wallowing in the blood of Chris-
tian Greeks. The Turkish fleet was at Scio on the 22d, and the
lAterr.. fronaSoly soa state that troops continued to pass to Chesme,
on their War t* Solo. To exterminate the natives is the order
of the Sultan. '• A part of two or three families had made their
wAy i.e Trieste. Beats had been sent out to bring more allay, and
-ho*. ware entertained that r. few of the wretched natives might be
Saved. It is asserted and that from goad authority, ti; at the Turks
txi Congreve Rockets in-firing the town; should this prove
true, every British heart willbe filled with ir.dignation. It is in this
manner that the legitimate Turks, the friends of barbarism and
..conselucntly of the present European system, put down their
rebellious subjects—the Christian Greeks, whose fathers civilis-
ed the world. All Englishmen '-woftliy of the name, how-
ever,,pity their fate, and deeply lament their inability to lend
Icijr axistance to them in their extremity. That the Russian
*my Mar, however, revenge their sufferings, must be the.sin-
cerest Irian of every liberal mind. No more must be said by. the
• Pe:3h Government of the iniquity of African Slavery ahere
tire now Christian slaves ; there arc cultivated and. civilised
• fAmilies carried into slavery by the legitimate Government of
TtiFkey. The Island. of Scio was filled with beautiful villas and
inglny respectable population.'. . The .sufferings of the Sciots
will be long; remembered ; arid it is sincerely to be hoped that'
du. fate will nerve the arms of their countrymen, cad Lead to
that determined conduct which can alone insure to tine safety
aid sr, cecss.-4 Arorni re- Ca )
