The Courier de la Meuse, sa„, recent accounts from
Brussels confirm those lately sent us from that City, respecting the
favourable progress of the negociations for the concordat.

MARCII 2.

Letters from Genoa of the 24th of February, say, " We learn
from good authority that M. Eynard has just received letters from
Napoli di Romania, as late as the 21st of January.
They state, that 1000 Turks coming from Prevesa, I were
attacked and tut to pieces, by Karaiskaki in a recent action.—
These letters bring very obscure accounts of the affairs of Hydra.
They say that only one English officer was wounded there ; that
some of the inhabitants were killed by the English, that tran-
quillity was restored, and that several pirates had been arrested,
and thrown into prison.
With respect to Athens the accounts are not clear ; it should
seem that the siege was not raised. Nothing is known respecting
I the assembling the Government at Egina.

CHRISTIANA, FEB. 12.
The King opened the Storthing to-day at two o'clock. The
following are some passages of his Majesty's speech :
" Notwithstanding all the difficulties which we have had to
surmount for the creation of the bank, I have the satisfaction
to inform you, that after,defraying all the expences fixed in the
last Session, and employed in large sums in objects of public
utility, our surplus revenue is still considerable. The state of the
public debt will be laid before you; the payment of the interest of
the debt, and the reimbursement of the principal, proceed regularly.
A treaty with his Britannic Majesty, renews the abolition of the
Negro Slave Trade. I shall call the attention of the Storthing
and of the Diet of Sweden, to the legislative measures necessary
on this subject. Another convention, from which I expect the
happiest effects, fixes the commercial relations between the two

United Kingdoms and Great Britain. A convention with the
Emperor of Russia has decided the long desired demarcation of
the frontier, between Russia and Norwegian Lapland.
The Treaty with Denmark completes the freedom of trade in the
three kingdoms in the north : a perfect reciprocity has been esta-
blished between Norway and the city of Lubeck. The negociations
with Prussia promises an equally satisfactory result. The Treaty
with the United States being expired, I intimated to the Presi-
dent my desire, that it might be prolonged, and I learn that the
President has the same wish.

Though our ports have been open to the South American ships
since 1822, our commerce with these countries has not attained
any great extent. lam now engaged with a commercial conven-
tion with them, and have every reason to hope that it will be ad-
vantageous to the trade of these kingdoms.

His Majesty, in the course of his speech, said, that the popu-
lation had increased one-fifth in ten years.

That singular friend to every thing liberal and en-
lightened, the John Bull newspaper, made a furious
attack yesterday on Mr. PLUNKETT, for his speech
in the House of Commons on Friday evening.—
He says Mr. PLUNKETT " defended the Popish
Priests, and echoed the cry of Mr. GRANT, who some
years since declared the tranquillity of Ireland to be
entirely owing to that worthy body." We really for-
get whether Mr. GRANT said so or not, and are not
at present going to defend that Right Hon. Gentle-
man's administration of Ireland. It has become a
matter of history, and future ages, when acting perhaps
on his principle of conciliation,willbest pronounce an opi-
nion, how far he was wrong in relinquishing the op-
posite system of rigour and almost military law, which
had been so long tried in vain. If his plan could be
said to have failed after a three years' trial, abruptly
terminated, it may at least be said of the other that it
has been equally unsuccessful, after an experiment of
as many centuries.

Mr. PLUNKETT'S observations regarding the inter-
ference of Clergymen at the late Elections appear to
us, as well as to John Bull, well worthy of notice, but
we would refer our readers to our Paper of Saturday,
where the whole of that eloquent speech may be found.
In the discussion to-night vie hope the House will
not forget the advice given them by Mr. SPRING
RICE. In a question where unqualified good cannot
be expected, nothing is so unwise as violence of temper.
It can only be met by a dispassionate consideration
of the evils on both sides, with a view to selecting the
lesser.

We have this morning been favoured with the fol-
lowing extract of a letter from Lisbon, dated the 24th
ult. If its contents can be relied upon, the reign of
the Constitution must be nearly at an end, and the
bright prospect which opened upon Portugal from the
establishment of Liberal Institutions, must soon be
utterly destroyed. Of the intentions of Spain, we
have never entertained a doubt, and every succeeding
piece of intelligence only evidences the nearer approach
of an event which has long been decided upon, namely,
a war for the support of bigotry and slavery:—

(Extract of ; letter from Lisbon, dated Feb. 24.)
" From the army there has been nothing published these last five
days, so that we remain in expectation ; in fact, there is a report
that Chaves has again beaten the Constitutional troops. The
latest accounts state him to be at Chaves, at the head of 1,500
men, with a number of guerillas, and that Mello, the General
whom he at first forced out of Tras-os-Montes in the beginning of
December, and the division of Villa Flor, Angeja, and Azeredo,
were endeavouring to draw him out of Portugal. An account is
stated to have been received lately from his army, that he has
issued a proclamation, calling on the young men of
Tras-os-Montes to come forward to join his standard, under
penalty of being shot on refusal. Number of reports are afloat
that the Spaniards are coming to join the Royalists, and that the
English are disposed to give way to the general wish of the Por-
tuguese nation, and to send there Don Miguel to govern
them ; in fact, instead of the Constitution having gained
strength by the defeat of Chaves on the last occasion,
it appears now that quite a different result has taken place;
from the impression on the people, it appears, that Lisbon
was about to declare itself in favour of the Infant Miguel and the
Queen's Mother. Letters from Badajoz state, that Lealdad had
been sent to Ceuta, to reinforce the garrison, as it was expected
that England would soon attack that fortress. General Sarsfield,
the most able General in Spain, appointed to command the Spa-
nish Army of Observation, is considered as the commencement of
war. The Spanish army now consists of—
Army of Sarsfield 30,000
The Royal Guards, Grenadiers, and Provincial 20,000
Militia
The New Levy 24,000

nowvietnab le i
clear that
lls
have
ethnaont
Total 104,000
My informant says, that war will soon be declared by Spain
if England does not frustrate it, and whatever party strikes di:
first blow, would be sure to gain great advantages, as the Royalist
party in Portugal would instantly join the Spanish army, and
two months, before the end of Apri a was
drive the English out. llestaisysa
sit,p
haant war is
Spain was supported by R
as yet been able to see Gen. Clinton's proclamation, but there is
do th l ;
er ine d
it
still a report that a proclamation is to be published at Coimbra.—
The Prime Minister is about to be impeached. The Bishop of
Viseu is accused of favouring the rebels. The Minister of War
is regarded as an old French officer. All is in confusion and dis-
content; how these affairs can continue, I leave you to judge in
England.

1809, and are said to amount to the sum of between three and
four millions of dollars.

These. Papers contain no news from Colombia later than what
We gave four days ago. The Legislature of Virginia seem to have
taken great umbrage at the general Government, respecting the
new duties to be imposed on the importation of foreign goods.

We have been favoured by the perusal of a file of Van Die-
man's Land Papers of the `7th October, received by the Doncas-
ter, Capt. Church, from that colony. The following are ex-
tracts :—An expedition will shortly be despatched to explore
and survey King's, Cape Barren, Flinden's, and other Islands in
Bass's Straits. A new Government house, so long so much
wanted, has been planned, and will soon be in progress of erection.
The Governor at Sydney had refused permission to convey Tea
. from thence to Van Dieman's Land, the Governor Phillips be-
ing obliged to unload what she had taken on board ; the ship
John Bull, was to proceed immediately to Canton for a cargo,
direct to the Island, his Excellency Gen. Darling had allowed dis-
tillation from sugar for a period avh ich has caused a considerable rise in
that article. The system of keeping afloat a circulating medium in
dollars, and a circulating medium in British money, ix greatly
complained of. as being of the most pernicious tendency to the
common routine of trade, and is felt more particularly by the la-
bouring classes. His Excellency Gen. Darling has issued an order,
containing the regulations for the granting and sale of land. The
7th article states, that land granted without purchase is to be held
in free and common locage, the grantee paying a quit rent of
five per cent. per annum on the value, to be fixed by
Commissioners ; the payment of the rent not to commence
until the end of seven years after the grantee has been authorised
to settle on the land. Within that period, however, the grantee
must expend in improvements on the land so granted, a sum equal
to one-fourth of the value estimated by the Commissioners, under
the penalty of forfeiting the grant. The quit rent to be re-
deemable-at the option of the grantee, on payment into the
Colonial Treasury of a sum, equal to 20 years' purchase, provided
such payment be made within 20 years after the date and execu-
tion of the grant. Lands to be granted in square miles, in the
proportion of one mile, or 640 acres for every 500/. sterling of
capital which the applicant can immediately command, to
the extent of four square miles, or 2,560 acres, which is
the utmost purchase. The Crown reserves to itself the
right of making and constructing such roads and bridges
as' may be necessary for public purposes, on lands to be
granted as above, and also to such indigenous timber, stone,
and other materials, the produce of the land, as may be required,
for making and keeping the said roads and bridges in repair. The
lands selected by individuals who have obtained leave to purchase,
will be valued by the Commissioners, with as little delay as pos-
sible, and will be put up for sale for one month, by Proclamation,
as directed by his Majesty's instructions, and will not be sold at
s lower rate than the value fixed. Sealed tenders for the purchase
of the land advertised as above, to be addressed, under cover,
to the Colonial Secretarv,and marked for land. At the end of a month
from the date of the Proclamation, the tenders will be opened,
in the presence of such persons as the Governor may appoint,
when the land will be disposed of as directed by his Majesty's in-
structions to the person making the highest tender, if approved
by the Governor. Lands'purchased will be held in fee and com-
mon socage, paying a yearly quit rent to the Crown of one pepper
corn; the purchaser will be required to deposit 10 per cent. of
the purchase .money previous to his receiving possession of the
land, and the sale will be confirmed by the necessary instrument,
when the present arrangement shall be approved, by his Ma-
Jett)... No person will be permitted by any contract or succes-
sion of contracts to become the purchaser of more than 9,600
acres, including the land they have previously purchased, unless duly
authorized by a special order from the principal Secretary of State
for the Colonies; persons obtaining reserspes of land or grants
in extension, will make application in the prescribed form through
the Colonial Secretary, and if any objection exists, the Governor
will authorize them to occupy the land they may make choice of
until his Majesty's pleasure is known, on their engaging to pay
rent in the mean time at the rate of one pound sterling per annum
for every 100 acres. A singular discovery has been made in the
investigation of the case of a man named Henry Herring,
Who had arrived in Van Dieman's Land about eighteen
Months since ; on his first arrival, he had boasted of having
been in the possession of 2,0001. and other property, which
coming to the ears of the principal superintendent of prisoners,
the man was required to deliver up this entire sum, and deposit in
thee, bank. Since then, the same coming to the knowledge of the
"ornent, it was deemed adviseable to cause some enquiry how
2 the nmapcame into the possession of so large a sum. Besides the
'oil• a variety of valuable jewellery has been found in his pos-
session. The particulars relative to this inquiry, are intended to
be forwarded to the proper authority in England. It is rumoured
that the
prisoner has twice escaped from the Colony.—(From the
Australian.)
A forgery had alread
been committed on the 'new bank
of Messrs. Gillebrand,y at Hobart Town. A number of
• Government regulations had
numeration of prisoners been promulgated, regulating the. r.e-
prohibition of pa g for their services, particularly a positive
of land for theirany kind of stock, and granting them the use
.exclusive benefit, or of allowing theca to be employed
in any way but, in the immediate service of their master.

The Philadelphia paper of the 7th February, notices that no less
than nine fires have taken place in that city, by which considera-
ble less had been sustained, which, they consider, cannot arise
from accident, but must be work of incendiaries.

Gibraltar Chronicles of the I 2th February have been received.
His Majesty's ship Asia, Vice-Admiral Sir E. Codrington (the
lion. Captain Curzon), had arrived on the 11th from Portsmouth
and Lisbon, for Malta. The other contents of these Papers are
not of any public importance; the, eather had latterly been ex-
tremely boisterous.

Letters from Laguayra of the I Oth`January represent every thing
a 8 perfectly quiet. Bolivar was expected on the following day.
_ The Guerriere frigate of 60 guns, built at Marseilles for the
Pacha of Egypt, is to be ready to sail in a month. She is
manned with Frenchmen, and is to proceed direct to Alexandria.

TO THE EDITOR OF THEtheSUoot.mos
of
your
SIR.. TO
many thanks for inserting
onatliePahli,ee experienced colossal statue of his late
valuable Journal, on the 16th January ariln2lst February last, my
sentiments on the subject of erecting
Royal Highness the Duke of York,
the
park, and which lam most proud to believe n St. James's-
offer
Majesty, I venture to l
aPproving voice of his Most Gracious
for the general
to public consideration the following suggestions
design of this national tribute of attachment to the memory of the
late lllustriou. Duke.
"ii effecting the
It need hardly be observed, that the sculptor, i
a faithful
resemblance of the late Royal Duke, has but to make .
un-
nd benign co
copy of the well-remembered symmetrical figure a tenaace a the lamented Prince, to accomplish a statue, of which
even the great Phidias might have boasted.
12 would suggest that the statue be of great height, and that it
_
Placed on theofrock, emblematical of the Isle whereof
the
form a
la d • Chi • bright an ornament ;
lamented Colman er-in- if was so . _
the said rock springingfrom a pedestal, to be adorned in the fol-
lowing manner At the feet of the statue, a groupe of children, pointing to him
tad" wil°Be benevoltheir proud Asylum at Chelsea
ent attention
...s been raised.
The front of the of Fame, or
the figure
1-listor pedestal to have thereon
in my letter
Y, recording the ascriptioni which is proposed
to you of the 16th of Janum attended by the figures of British
soldiers in attitudes of sorrow for their departed Chief.
The one side of the pedestal representing, in alto relievo, the
ililgtiq of Waterloo--the other, the 'Siege of Seringapatam—in
orionr of two signal victories; achieved in different quarters of the
globe, duri_
og the late Royal Duke's superintendence of the British
army;. and, on the remaining•• - suitable statement of the
eminentpublic • sides, a
I would further n
tr°Pose that the several angles of the pedestal
should be adorned by fi
-Pres, des•gnatine• the four quarters of the
globe, and figures supporting med'allions, having thereon likenesses
in alto relievo of the most renowned British Generals, who, from
their judicious selection by the late Commander-in-Chief, signalized
themselves in those respective divisions of the world.
Most ardently desirous that this honourable memorial of a na-
tion's loyal attachment to the beloved memory of the late Illus-
trious Prince may form, iin point of design, a monument worthy
of the improved state of the Arts in this country, I am induced to
submit the preceding /lion of hints, which, with all deference to the opi-
the public, I conceive may be altogether unworthy of
attention. not a obe .e
I am, Sir,

London, March 3, 1827.

iYour's most obediently,

fitOn
tIRE IN
THE ClTY.—(This Day.)—Great con-
of
b prevailed in the city since twelve o'clock, in consequence
—th-81: reaking out of a fire in the cellars of the Jerusalem Coffee-
" A great number of engines were on the spot soon after
Bce subduinge prom texertions of the firemen have had
the effect ohe flail.
