The resolutions moved last night by Sir GEORGE GREY,
were carried by a majority of 72. Sir GEORGE opened the
debate in a clever and forcible speech, and it only required
a good cause to elevate it into a masterly performance.
The part which told hest was his reference to the proceed-
ings of Parliament during the present Session, which made
those Honourable Members who prefer personal feelings to
a conviction of what is due to the public welfare, vote
in favour of resolutions which confirmed their own previous
conduct. His reference to the patience of the Negroes,
and to the readiness with which they listen to the advice of
the Baptist Missionaries, only strengthened the conviction
that it is unjust to continue such men in a state of bond-
age, while it an oke some curious reflections as to who may
possibly be the real master of the Negroes when they are
wholly emancipated. As one great' utility of a National
Church, according to Dr. CHALMERS, is to establish
a good police in the land, and as the great ad-
vantage of the union between Church and State
is to enlist the endowed clergy on the side of
authority, we venture to recommend the planters to
contract an alliance as speedily as possible with the Bap-
tist Missionaries, and endow them handsomely, as the best
method to preserve their authority over the willingly obe-
dient congregations.

Sir G. GaLY was followed by Sir E. WrLmoT, who de-
fended himself against the charge of being influenced by
party feelings, and moved as an amendment, that his
former resolution ought to be carried into effect. Mr.
VILLIERS again seconded Sr. EARDLEY, in a sensible and
vigorous speech. Mr. BARRON and Mr. Sergeant JACKSON
changed characters, and wonderful to tell, the latter opposed
and the former advocated the continuance of oppression.
Mr. HUTTON and Sir CHARLES GREY were in favour of
slavery under the name of apprenticeship. Mr. WARD was
against it ; and Mr. ELI.ICE avowed that he was determined
to disregard the prayers and supplications of his Coventry
constitutents. Sir ROBERT INGLIS spoke against the plan-
ters, and voted to reward them. Mr. BAINES made a
useful business-like speech. The debate was however lan-
guidly carried en till Sir ROBERT PEEL stood up for the
sacredness of the compact of 1833, and the superior value
of the testimony of the planters and governors to that given
by disinterested observers. Mr. O'CONNELL replied to
the Baronet in an animated speech, and Lord
STANLEY, not forgetting to throw in a spice of his
amiable personalities against Mr. O'CONNELL, followed
that gentleman. He took the side of the Government evi-
dently looking to the responsibility to which he again ex-
pects speedily to be burdened as Colonial Minister. Dr.
LusmNoToN spoke amidst many expressions of impatience,
and Lord JOHN RUSSELL in a short and temperate speech
wound up the debate. The majority wa
s against the
friends of the negroes, but the who
proceeding has pro-
moted a righteous cause.

As Mr. VILLIEns s:ate.l on the last debate, no great
public benefit is ever obtained at the hands of the Legis-
lawn Jot by agitation : and the present rgitation has

71'.1
4.1)
,• - 1
-c .0
) o
Zlle
WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
. INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 29, 1838.
