FIFTH WARD.

That part of the burgh included within a line drawn
from the junction of Titchfield Street with King Street,
alonz the road leading past the Slaughter House to the
water of Irvine ; thence up said water to the point at
which the Parliamentary boundary intersects the water of
Irvine ; thence along said boundary, southward, westward,
and northward, to the junction of the waters of Irvine
and Kilmarnock; and thence up Kilmarnock water to a
point oppo•ite the junction of Titchfield Street with King
Street; and thence in a straight line, passing through the
point of junction of King Street and Titchfield Street, to
the point first described.
That the number of Councillors to be chosen in each
ward at the first election in November ❑ext, shall be three
in each of the fit,t, third, fourth, and filth wards, and
four in the second ward.

That the number of such Councillors to be elected i❑
November, 1834, shall be five—one being chosen in each
of the five wards.

Th a the nut her of Councillors to be elected in Novem-
ber, 1835, shill likewise be five—one being chosen in each
of the five wards.
That the number of Councillors to be elected in No-
vember, 1836, shall be six—one Councillor being chosen
in each of the first, third, fourth, and fifth wards, and
two in the second ward. And

That in all future terms of three years the members of
the Council shall be supplie I in a similar rotation, as is
above appointed for the period, from November, 1834., to
November, 1836, both inclusive.

GENERAL DECLARATION.
All the boundaries of the wards of the above burghs or
towns shall be understood to run along the centres of the
streets, roads, lanes, streams, and closes by which they are
described to be bounded, except where the contrary is par-
ticularly provided.

Any streets, grounds, houses, and places situated within
the boundaries of the aforesaid burghs or towns, and not
included in the description of the several wards before
mentioned, shall be held as belonging to the ward to which
such streets, grounds, houses, and places are severally next
adjocent, unless where otherwise specially provided.
Given under our hands and seals at Edinburgh, the eighth
day of October, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-three.
JOHN B. GREENSHIELDS. (L.S.)
THOS. THOMSON. (L.S.)
ROBERT BELL. (L.S.)
JAMES CAMPBELL. (L.S.)
ANDREW SKENE. (L.S.)
R. JAMESON. (L.S.)
J. IVORY.
(L.S.)
ROBERT H.ANDYSIDE. (L.S.)
Given at our Court at St. James's, this sixteenth day of
October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-three, and in the fourth year of our
reign. GOD SAVE THE KING.

INVITATION TO CAPTAIN Ross.—Yester-
day the Lord Mayor elect directed the Remembraneer to
aadress an invitation to the grand civic banquet on the
9th of November to the intrepid explorer of the Polar re-
gions. A committee was als,, appointed as usual to make
arrangements for the entertainment.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From Galignanes Messenger of Thursday.)

The National has the following :—One of the Adjutants
of General Castagnos, who has been sent to Bayonne to
endeavour to obtain the assistance of the refugee Con-
stitutionalists, has given details as to the manner in which
the Carlist movement was effected at Vittoria. Thanks
to the firmness of the Liberals, every thing was accom •
plished without effus'on of blood or disorder. Less bold
than at Bilboa, the partisans of the Infante shouted only
" Charles V. for ever," without adding the " Inquisition,"
or " Death to the Negroes." The Liberals, who had
been warned two days before by the preparations of their
enemies, assembled in arms on the PLz t Vieja, having
in the midst of them the municipal authorities. They sent
aflag of trace to the Carlists, announcing that they would
not tamely submit to be murdered and plundered, like the
inhabitants of Bilboa, but were determined to die with
arms in their hands. This was followed by a parley,
and ended in a capitulation. It was granted that the
lives, the liberty, and the property of all who were
known for their liberal opinions should be respected, and
that they might depart with their arms. In conse-
quence, four hundred of the most notable inhabitants
of Vittoria proceeded to Miranda del Ebro to join
the Custom-house forces. The Carlists at Vittoria are
under the command of Don Valentine Velasco, formerly
Deputy for the province, a man of wealth and influence,
called Valentine 1., because he exercised in the province a
sort of sovereign authority. He it was who settled the
capitulation with the Liberals. While Biscay and Alava
are proclaiming Don Carlos, Guipuscoa, the third of the
Basque provinces, appears to be rising in favour of liberal
opinions. The old constitutional volunteers at Tolosa are
forming again, having called upon some of the refugees in
France to come and place themselves at their head. They
are already sufficiently strong to have compelled a column
of between SOO and 900 Biscayans, who had advanced as
far as Bergora, to retire to the borders of their own
province."
The Memorial Bordelais of the 14th inst. says—" Don
Catlos was proclaimed at Lodosa, on the evening of the
Bth, by a sol • disant Captain, who presented himself there
with twenty horsemen; he said that Santos Ladron was
at Los Arcos, close at hand, with 1,500 men, and that
Don Carlos had been proclaimed throughout Spain. These
are rodornontades."
The Indicateur of Bordeaux of the 14th inst. gives a
letter from Bayonne, dated the 12th, of which the fol-
lowing are extracts:—" As soon as General Santos
Ladron had penetrated into Navarre, the C iptain-
General of the province offered a reward of 8001. to
whoever should bring him in, either dead or alive. Two
couriers who arrived here yesterday and this morning
state, that when they left Madrid all was quiet, hut low
murmurings had been heard, which it was believed
wculd have broken out into insurrection but for the
presence of the troops. At St. Sebastian they were
aiming the Constitutionalists returned from exile. 3,000
of the Queen's Royal Guards, 500 cavalry, and 6 pieces
of artillery have set out from Madrid, and are proceeding
by forced marches to Vittoria ; 300 cavalry from Burgos,
and 300 others from Valladolid, are to join the above on
their road. 1,000 men have just marched from Pampe-
lona to join the troops under General Castagnos, and 200
under the order of Navasquez are on their way far the
same destination. Only two of the gates of Pampeluna
are left open. Attempts were made yesterday to excite
an insurrection at Irun, but it was immediately stopped
by the magistrates, supported by the people, and the
agitators were seized and cast into prison. Persons are
here charged to recruit in the environs all the Constitu-
tionalists they can find, in order that they may be incor-
porated in the army of General Castagnos. They are to
receive If. 50c. a day. The Diligence, which left this
town yesterday arrived at Tolosa, but General Castagnos
recommended that it should not proceed fwther. This
advice was followed, and the Diligence returned here this
afternoon."

We extract the following from the Sentinelle des Py.
renees of Bayonne, of the 12th instant :—" A Captain
and a Sub-Lieutenant of the 10th of the line, in garrison
at St. Sebastian, came in here yesterday, having deserted.
They applied for passports for Catalonia, which were
refused by the authorities, who could only grant them as
far as Pau. Couriers are traversing our town every day ;
one of them reported that, at a short distance from Vit-
toria, a body of 4,000 men and 300 horse was proceeding
against the insurgents. At Vittoria the populace had
risen, and intercepted the passage of every c,,urier, except
those of the Foreign Ambassadors. The mail, which left
Bayonne on Monday, was stopped at Vittoria ; the de-
spatches were seized ; and it was only on presenting a
passport, signed by the French Ambassador, that the

courier was allowed to continue his journey on horseback
to Madrid. The celebrated El Pastor, to whom General
Castagnos bad wi itten to join the Queen's troops, de-
m ind,d the guarantee of two persons ; two deputies of
the province of Guipuzcoa offered themselves, and Ei
Pastor set out yesterday for Tolosa. The diligence, which
left Bayonne four days ago, has been forced to turn back,
and returned to this town yesterday. Some fermenta.ion
is said to have commenced in Burgos. A Russian courier,
who passed through this place yesterday, is said to have
been detained at Burgos six hours. The commercial affairs
of Bayonne, which were going on briskly, have all at once
been stopped, and all mercantile nevtiations have ceased."
The following letter of the 12th instant, from Bayonne,
contains details that are not without interest, although
some of the facts given are already known :—" The in-
surrection in the Basque provin.es becomes more and
more serious, and it also begins to appear in Navarre.
The first Cirlist movement in the latter province broke
out at Panspeluna, whence 1,200 men of the Queen's
party set out immediately to join General Castagnos.
Pampeluna, however, was inure fortunate than Vittoria
and Bilboa, for the sedition was stifled, and the town
preserved under the authority of the Queen, the rebels
flying to the country. About 300 Royalist Volunteers
have left Bilboa for Berg 'fa, where they were joined by
about 200 more from Vittoria. These troops are com-
manded by two ecclesiastics belonging to the chapter of
Bilboa, whose names .ire unknown, and who have with
them several French officers. General Castagnos is still
at Tolosa, waiting for reinforcements Two Carlist
officers from St. Sebastian passed through this town this
morning, on their way to Tolosa. Though the Madrid
mail has not arrived to-day, we have details to the Sth.
At that date the Spanish capital continued tranquil.
Three thousand infantry, 3,000 cavalry, and some
ar-
tillery, were to march on the following day upon Vittoria.
A demi-official account of the arrival of Dan Carlos in
Spain has been received, and a Carlist movement is
vaguely announced to have taken place at Placentia, in
Estremadura, on the borders of Portugal. This insur-
rection is said to have been excited by some Portuguese
officers and soldiers, who came into Spain in disguise
as Spanish peasants. General Saarsfield immediately
marched upon Placentia from Badajos, with a part of
the troops under his command."
The Augsburg Gazette of the 13th instant announces,
after a private lever from Frankfort, the dislocation of the
Austrian and Prussian troops cantoned round that city,
as also the departure of the half squadron of Austrian
Hulans, who are to be replaced by a division of dragoons
(30 or 40 horse) from Alentz. The same paper states
that the Russian troops which were asssmbled at Alodlin
returned to their former cantonments after the departure
of the Emperor Nicholas. It is said that the Prince
of Warsaw (Field• Marshal P.skewitsch) will soon resign
the office of Governor of Poland, to devote his whole at-
tention to the al my and the War Department. His suc-
cfievsesopr iser Cents., at
named.a The
tvienn Gazette
Vienna on
onthest quotes
h,935.
iililtebtasl;ligduitetso,
four per Cents., ; B ink Actions, 1,1971.
The Berlin State Gazette, of the 10th inst., in giving
an account of the journey of the Crown Prince, statea,
that in Paderborn, Herfort, and Minden, he was received
with the warmest enthusiasm. Prussian four per Cents.
were 97 96- ; ditto, five per Cents. (1822) English
Loan, 1031.

The liartau Gazette gives the history of the German
Universities, to prove the necessity of reforming them,
arguing that the Universities are, by their privileges,
opposed to political progress.
Extract of a letter from Canea, dated September 12 :
" Immediately after the departure of Mehemet Ali, the
Greeks of Candia, being discontented with the measures
of the Pacha, assembled in numbers in a vilage at the
foot of Psiloriti, and thence proceeded in a body to lay
their complaints before the Municipal Council. Having
exposed all their grievances, they concluded by declaring
that they would bleak with a Government which had
shamefully deceived them, and reduced them to slavery.
Mustapha Pacha, the Viceroy's Seraskier, being at Candia,
the Municipal Council not conceiving itself authorized to
take any decisive part, confined itself to the employment
of all the means of persuasion in its power to calm and
disperse the assemblage. Toe major part of the Turkish
inhabitants tacitly make common cause with the Greeks ;
and it appears evident that Mehemet Ali must change his
system, or renounce the government of Crete."
A letter from Alexandria shows that the Viceroy of
Egypt neglects no means of consolidatin; his power. The
engineers in his service are occupied in making intrench-
ments, for the purpose of strengthening the important
defile of Mount Taurus, in the district of Adana, the pos-
session of which was long and so warmly disputed in the

late negotiations for peace. However, as Ibrahim hatild
abundance of funds, Mehemet Ali is rigidly collecting
taxes imposed upon all classes of his subjects.

FRENCH FUNDS.-Paitis, Ocr. 16.
Five per Cents., 100 f. 80c. 70c. 93c.
Four per Cents., 89f.
Three per Cents., 71f. 25c. 80c. 72f.
Bank Actions, 1700 t.
Rente de Naples, 86f. 40c. 60c.
Roman Five per Cents., 86N, 87.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 15 1414.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 32 32 33.
Royal Spanish Loan, 735 i.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 53 53% 54'
Belgian Loan, 1831, 9054 91.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 35c.; money, 25f. 30c.
Three months, paper, -f. -c. ; money, 25f. 2:'o.
-Coors Authentique.
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, OCT. 16.
Five per Cents., 101 f 101 f. sc. 100 f. 95c.
Three per Cents., 72f. 25c. 71f. 95. 72f.
Bank Actions, 1,700 E
Rente de Naples, 87f. 25c. 80c. 70c.
Roman Five per Cents., 87 874.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 1414%.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 33 32%M.
Royal Spanish Loan, 73. 54f.
' Rent° Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 544 01
Belgian I oan, 1831, 91 14.
Haytian Loan, 255 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.

One month, paper, 25f. 35e. ; money, 25f. 30c.
Three months, paper, —f. —c. ;_money, 25f. 20c.
—fours Authentique.

(From the Correspondence of a Morning Paper'ciondl
PARIS, WEDNESDAY, 4 0 CLOCK, r.at.—The se 10
from Madrid are not later than the Bth, which 111"ft0
date of the letters brought by the Government couriere
arrived here on Monday afternoon. It would seem ,
the whole of these accounts that the state of publicWr
in the Spanish capital was such as to evince the fulitelk
quiescence in the right of succession of Donna Itigt°
and the assumption of the powers of Regent by the "it°
Dowager. The events in Biscay were known, and 00,4
of with apparent indifference. Nor had the news ricfit°
that Don Carlos had quitted Miguel's head •quarters °Por
4th, and had entered Spain, produced any greater Wirt,
mon. You will probably have heard before this to°etott
you, that Bourmont, Lorrchejacquelin, and several .retid
officers, lately in the service of Miguel, had arras
00
Spain, and were performing quarantine in a small totg
Extremadura. Orders have been transmitted from ST:ll°
that on the expiration of the quarantine they shou't
conducted to Cadiz, and embarked. You may, Per;o,
also hear soon after of their having been taken to
British port.
The road from Madrid to Bayonne is believed to Vol
perfectly free. The accounts received to-day froelod
last-mentioned place, however, would make it appOrtplii
most of the northern provinces are in a state of re 10'
that all the peasants there declare for Don cirlosioit)
that the insurrection is universal in Biscay and Lslo!il°
the only exception of Pampeluna, which is kept qu'riel d
the presence of 3,000 troops. The Captain Geoooll
Biscay marched against the rebels with a force of
400 men, who were met by a considerable number' 0V
forced to give way. According to the same acc{/(11
there were 1,500 men under arms in Bilboa, 9„OY
contribution was levied on the inhabitants for toe,a,;oll,
carry on the contest on behalf of Don Carlos.. P.),
was allowed to go from Bilboa, and the diligence, i°
been prevented from coming. It would seemth:j°
insurrectionary movement had been also attentr.
Barcelona, chiefly at the instigation of the mooks'od°
that it was not successful, the monks havi'larido
slaughtered, and their convents pillaged, by the 'Oct.'
party in favour of the Queen.
As all these particulars are transmitted from P5)01 7
on the authority of mere reports of travellers, and 13/li'
that of letters from any of the places to which all°,o
04
made in them, it is extremely probable that they
greatly exaggerated. At the store time there is Pee
reason to fear that much of what is stated in the'n
turn out to have been true. it F
As it is expected here that many Carlistswill, o,
to proceed to Spain for the purpose of joining the
against the authority of the Queen, orders have hee"d e
by this Government to Bayonne and the other pag7,,,0
the Pyrenees, to examine with the stricte,t attet3tl;od'

passports of all Frenchmen going to Spain, and to
Paris a list of those who pass that frontier. ta
The Spanish post due to-day has not arrived, Pr;
on account of the bad state of the roads, and not
to any other kind of impediment.
It was reported at the Bourse to-day that the
Government will acknowledge Donna Isabella.
fluctuation has occurred again in the funds, and
deal of business was done.

COURT CIRCULAR.

Prince Souzo, Minister on a special mission fr rjeii
King Of GREECE, MODS. DEDEL, th, Dutch
Minister, and the Belgic Minister, transacted b?",..1/
yesterday at the office of the Secretary of State for ,4
Affdirs. 1
Sir BENJAMIN DURBAN (Governor of the
visited Mr. Secretary STANLEY yesterday, at the Col°ol,
office. Sir LOWRY COLE (the late Governor of 0400
of Good Hope) transacted business at the Colonial-OD'
Thursday. 4dl
Despatches from the Bail of MuLoaAvr, the o°Acpfec
of Jamaica, were y-sterday received at th, Colonisl.ow

WINDSOR, OCT. 18.

--..---.
•
Yesterday his MAJESTY rude out, accompanied bile
SYDNEY.
for I

Her MAJESTY rode in the park on horseback
•
hours. • scI
o 4
/
This morning the KING left the Castle is o,
carriage, accompanied by Sir HIEGROVE TnAl-o(ej
proveeded to Kew. His I'dAJESTY went from tuedoe
Richmond Park, the seat of Earl ERROL, and "-
his Lordship with his company to dinner.
There have been no arrivals or departures since -
The company remaining at she Cagle are, Lold 3°, )ifig
HONE, Lord and Lady FALKLAND, Lady SYDSS:,,,ISIt
HOPE JOHNSTONE (Maid 0, Honour), M as 1301
WILSON, COI. SEYMOUR, Equerry in Waiting, V
CHARLES THORNTON, and Sir HERBERT as (
TAYLOR.
Her MAJESTY rode out this afternoon, attend'"
suite.

---
ARCTIC LAND EXPEDITION'
(we,
Yesterday a Special Meeting of the Managing `'-At
for the Arctic Land Expo,lition, under Capt. 13`1500/
held in the rooms of the Royal Geographicall° 06,1
Regent street; Admiral Gaee in the Chair.--)',4K01
cussion ensued on the point, whether Captain Yip
his associates should be recalled, now that Cariliaeoe
was understood to be in safety, or whether CaP"- .4101
should proceed to make a geographical surver' ots,
contended that the public subscribed hoth for theber
If
humanity and science, while others argued that t; 67,00,
scribed only on account of the former. It el,l9(cf„rot
agreed that means should he immediately ailopte°010;,11
veying to Capt. Back the gratifying intelligence bi°,o,
Ross' return, and al.o directing him to coofilor
for the future to an exploration of the country
tific purposes.
k co
sti°o‘
It was also agreed that Captain MacCorrn-r,i 0
communicate immedi 'rely with the Hudson's 'or
pany, in order to ascertain the best means of t"'t , 1)1
an express to Captain Back.
prsede:iPl
The necessity for this latter course was supers
the arrival of Mr. Pelly, the Governer of the fit'slitoe:thr
Company, immediately after the resolutions had Pa 010
Mr. PELLY expitessed his opinion that the ne i,%,1 the
safety of Captain Ross and crew which had rei4ctil9fiti
country was not of that conclusive character to .011,.
instant recall of Captain Back. He had no (1° et eite
being pr icticable to overtake Capt. Bark before
be'le
his winter quarters ; but he thought it would
taps
to send off a messenger for that purpose till CP e r
ltbt
arrived, or the news of his safety was othersci9 10,111
beyond all doubt. What be would suggest ttni.rit 0100
(Mr. Pelly) should write that night to an age tbeiotO
Hudson's Bay Company at Montreal, directiog„rit
procure light canoes, and make the necessarY prep the
for despatching an express after Captain Back erj
o
stint that further orders might be received. rod'
The advice of Mr. Pelly met with general BPP
it was agreed it should be adopted. or/ fsd°
A conversation afterwards took place as t° gee-di atIY:
information received could be relied on, and it le to r
be the general opinion that it was scarcely p,0:1 coPoilft
pose that a master and crew of a vessel wouLl :jot, (le
circulating an account professing to give ve.
and which if false was a most cruel hoax.

01(- pit
Gt
COMMITTAL OF MR. REEVE TO
a! j 4
CASTLE ON A SECOND CHARGE. 00 iireuni
Mrs. A. Roche, sister of the unfortunate 13"oreirle.
name who was drowned on board the Earl o{nd
attended before the Magistrates at Docking, sogroil
ch rge of felony against Mr. Reeve. Evi,t,lenneetbeilrforgi
to the effect that Mr. Reeve took a bag iro`—,,boo_,
Miss Roche, that he eperied it, and that TO"
ware seen in a purse in it, that ,tiv svAls,„`lf
afterwards found attached to Mita Rocliete b°"' 10%1w(
out in the church, and that there was theodlor 11411
money in the bag. Mr. Reeve was coinwitte_..obv
having etolen the money, and conveyed to Nu'

tVklrair'
t 9
Ditto
'tog !l

Wit
'Att°°
4t
to
klish
ditto

uitt
Do
)l!to
lAttoicat
Ntto
kbitto-'

Pin;
Fine
bot
ttkigrinß
11P.

SkTu

h Capt
44 44
the f_,,
410 "
i 41111
c)tlbt 1
(From

53 53% 54.

f. 30c.
25f. 217 c.

WA-
.54% 51°7-

. 30c.
25f'. 20c.

ng PapePio.
—Thee awip
which °Os
!nt couriefe
Auld seem, j
of public nr
a the f010:41
Donna 1.71
t by the way
mu, andr:';iii
e news IF
quarters °II
greater iSiro
Dre tbii
several FT,
had arrisr)
► small, tog
td from 101 l
they vbS
may, Peri
taken
,to

lieved to bero
"ay from
it appe!)
;tate of 1750
Carlocio
and Lath ,
kept qurjii
:ain Geooio
force of 0
le nurnbeli
lame aen
Bilbon,
s for 00'0
arks.. 14°0
diligence I
seem 66 I
attemP"
lob
he mon 00
haviof )01
r the

from 135 f:
re and °°o
rich au°
that tbero
there is gF
in then

lists will
ning the r
have bey
....0

per pa."'.°o
atteou'oi
and t° ge

ived,

Ot

etc
the
abelli.
And "

. Rsion fora
Dutcb
bu''
saeted
ate for Wel

)f the ,
t the Colo
lor of tb,eo
lonia'
der
the CO'Act,
Annuli-ow
• cl
artie
eback
„
le
so, v
TO,
he of
I
Inn, hoot+
and or,
since It'Aekt
syprwiir.r
fog
~c and I,
wended

400'4 1",
Joe 04111;1',
isdy yosi
1; 0,•
_ j
ePv,oo,'
icetbe •ffofii
..
61?°;Off
;60 Lei a(
boo plitife
' ff
for $O,l
ifich
