PRICE OF SUGAR

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.
Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar
in Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that o:
foreign Sugars:—

tsish"PelnainntgationAluscovado Per Cat.
London, June 5, 1840.
fifv Bethroiif duty, at ............. 435. &id.
will quote the
Theave
Sugar,r Gazetteage
exclusive
xriccl
euoos
The actual quantity of West India Sugar sold on account
of the importers, in the week ending the 2d instant, ac-
cording to the returns made upon oath by the West
India Sugar Brokers, in conformity with the Act of Par-
liament, and on which quantity the above price is com-
puted, consisted of 1,800 hhds. 195 trs. and 64 brls.
The amount of duty paid on about 1,330 hhds. of West
India Sugar, at the Custom-house of this port, from the
22d to the 28th May, both days inclusive, was 24,7601.
Sugars raised by free labour in the foreign settlements
east of the Cape of Good Hope have been sold, since our
last notice, at from 19s. to 235. per cwt., being, taking
quality for quality, about 235. per cwt. cheaper than Wcst,
India Sugar.
It is not generally known or understood that West India
Molasses is composed of Sugar and Treacle. The law con
templates that each cwt. of this compound contains 421 b.
of sugar, on which a duty of 245. per cwt. is imposed ; a
cwt. of Molasses is consequently charged with a duty of
95. per cwt., so that the residue, 701 b. of Treacle, is
admitted to consumption duty free. Taking the average,
perhaps this division of Molasses, namely, 421 b. of Sugar
and 7016. Treacle, approaches very close to the truth, and
the revenue gains all that is intended. But taking parti-
cular parcels, the quality varies very much; if the quantity
of Sugar contained in each cwt. exceeds 421 b., the Mo-
lasses Refiners pay the West India importers a proportion-
ate price for the excess of Sugar. If, on the contrary,
the cwt. is supposed to contain less than 421 b. of Sugar,
less money is taken for it. The duty paid price of fair
West India Molasses is, in Miffeing-lane and at Liverpool,
about 40s. per cwt.--the -extra duty price consequently is
31s. per cart. This state of the market enables the refiners
to buy foreign Molasses, and to pay, what has hitherto
operated as a prohibitory duty upon it, a parcel of foreign
Molasses, via Halifax. whether originally from Cuba, the
Brazils, or Porto Rico, is not known, as it arrived
without a certificate, has been sold within the
last fortnight at 12s. per cwt., and cleared for home
consumption by payment of the duty on foreign molasses,
namely, 235. 9d. per cwt., making the duty-paid price
under 355. 9d. per cwt. The quality, we understand,
was fully equal to that of West Indian Molasses, yielding,
therefore, to the purchaser a clear profit of 4s. per cwt. :
12s. per cent. is considered by the slave-holding planters
to be a good and remunerating price ; large quantities of
molasses made by slave labour are likely to be brought
into consumption iu Great Britain.
.Should the price of low brown West Indian Mascon_
does advance as much during the two months to come, as
it has done during the two just passed, there can be no
doubt that it will be profitable to pay the duty of 635. per
cwt. upon the same class of Sugar from Brazils, and
thus introduce slave-labour Sugar amongst our home con-
sumers.

Memorialists who have asked the Government to reduce
the duty on Sugar raised by free labour, from 635. to 30i.
per cwt., with a view to avoid the inconsistency of slave-
labour Sugar being used in England, have been told that
the hands of the Legislature are tied by the Brazilian
treaty, which covenants that Brazil Sugar shall be ad-
mitted to British consumption upon the same terms as
those imposed en other Foreign Sugars, and that, conse-
quently, the Government cannot without violating the treaty
display any favouritism towards a particular class of foreign
Sugar by reducing the duty on it, however desirous the
nation may be to avoid slave-labour Sugar. Viewing this
question in all its bearings, it has occurred to us that there
does exist a mode by which free-labour Sugar may be ad-
mitted at a reduced duty without giving offence to the Bra-
zilian Government. It will be in the memory of our
readers that prior to the Act of Parliament which equa-
lized the duty on Sugar raised in the Presidency of Bengal
with that on West India Sugar, our Indian possessions
carried on an extensive trade in Sugar with China, Siam,
and the Philippine Islands. Sugar formed the bulk of the
return cargo for merchand;ze shipped to their respective
places • but the Act above alluded to conferred the privi-
lege dreducing the duty on East India Sugar to 245.
cwt., upon the condition that no foreign Sugar should be
imported into the Presidencies. Th merchants of Ben-
gal acquiesced in these terms, and a stop was put to the
inter-colonial trade. With the merchandize shipped from
India to the places we have enumerated large quantities of
opium were doubtless sent : this drug could be distributed
in China by the natives of the Philippines more adroitly
than by the British ; the contiguity of the coasts of the two
countries—the constant intercourse maintained by Chinese
junks with. Manilla; the intimate knowledge each party
had of the other's habits and customs—all tended to pro-
mote facilities for carrying on an extensive contraband
trade in Opium. We are led to the conclusion that this
must have been the case, from the circumstance that the
complaints of the Chinese against the increased quantities
of Opium smuggled direct by the British, commenced at
the very period the trade between India and the Phillip.
pines was interrupted by the prohibition to import. Sugar
into the ports of the former country. Again, Sugar
Candy and Sugar was imported into Bengal in large
quantities, for the use of the natives and others. The
sudden interruption of the trade in articles of so much
value, rendered it necessary that the Chinese should pay
the balance of trade against them in coin ; whence the
abstraction from that country of the Sycee silver, to
which has been attributed the violence of the Chinese au-
thorities towards the British. Now, wo will just ask our
readers, why this intercolonial trade in Sugar was pe-
remptorily broken down by an Act of the Imperial Par-
liament; was it for the benefit of the British public?
Was it for the advantage of our Indian settlements, of
our shipping, or our revenue ? No ; the interruption
would cripple and injure all those important interests !
What could then have induced our Legislators to an-
nihilate a flourishing branch of commerce ? Did or
could the Brazilians construe it to be carried on in
violation of their treaty? No I—no such thing. The im-
portant trade was extinguished lest it might, peradventure,
interfere with iVest Indian interests—that paramount pet
which has cost this country, directly and indirectly through
monopolies, in the space of ten years, upwards of fifty
millions of money. The relief we would point out in the
midst of the difficulties by which the question is encom-
passed by the covenants of the Brazilian treaty, is to re.
establish, as speedily as practicable, our Eastern inter-
colonial trade; and until that commerce can be renewed,
we recommend that the Port shall privilege the admission
of the Sugar to home use, that is to say, if the ship
carrying the Sugar cleared out from Calcutta, Madras, or
Bombay, a certificate of her having there taken in her
cargo should be sufficient to warrant the admission of the.
Sugar to home consumption on the same terms as though
the cargo were accompanied by a certificate of the growth
of the Sugar in India.

GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHIeRCH OF SCOTLAND.

The Assembly held its last sitting for the session on
Monday, when the " Strathbogie Case " came on for dis-
cussion. The majority of the Presbytery, along with their
counsel, took their place at the bar, when the report of
the Committee appointed to confer with them was read,
from which it appeared that the parties were still unpre-
pared to abandon their opinions with respect to the para-
mount necessity of obeying the Civil Courts in the settle-
ment of the presentee to the parish of Marnock. Dr.
Mrcfarlan, of Greenock, accordingly, after a lengthened
address, in which he gave the parties at the bar every
credit for ecting from conscientious motives, though he
strongly condemned their conduct, proposed that the As-
sembly should suspend the seven clergymen from the exer.
cise of their pastoral and judicial functions until the next
meeting of the Assembly, and that a Committee should be
appointed to confer with the parties in the meantime, and
that they should appear before the Commission in August
next, when the further proceedings in the case would be
determined.

In opposition to this motion, Dr. Cook proposed that
the" Assembly should remove the suspension imposed by the
Commission, and that a Committee be appointed to corres-
pond and advise with the Presbytery of Strathbogie in the
difficult circumstances of the case.

A third motion was proposed by Dr. Simpson, of Kirk-
newton, to the effect, that the Assembly should suspend
the Presbytery from the exercise of their judicial fume.
tions only, allowing them to perform their pastoral duties
as heretofore, and that a Committee be appointed to con-
fer with them.

The debate on the several motions continued from l 1
o'clock in the forenoon till nearly 7 o'clock in the evening,
in which, however, nothing new was elicited. At the
close-of the discussion Sir George Clerk took occasion to
advert to the strong necessity which this case established
for a declaratory Act, defining the powers of the Church,
when Dr. Maefarlan, amidst general applause, expressed
his conviction that the outline of a Bill formerly read by
Dr. Chambers, and of which Sir George himself approved,
would form the basis of a satisfactory adjustment of this
important question.
The Assembly divided first on the question whether the
second or third motion should be put as an amendment on
the first, when there appeared—
For Dr. Cook's motion....
H or. Dr. Simpson's ..
Majority ..•
The majority of the members declined to vote on this
division.
The sense of the Assembly was then taken on the main
question, when the numbers were—
For Dr. Macfarlan's motion
For Dr. Cook's
Majority. -64

It was then igreed that Mr. Edwards, the presentee to
the parish,of.Marnock, should be cited to appear before
the Assembly's Commission in August, and that a libel or
accusation should be preferred against him, on the ground
of violating his duty to the Church by appealing to the
Civil Courts.
The other business having been disposed of, or referred
to the Commission, the Moderator dissolved the Assembly,
in the name of Christ, the head of the Church ; and the
Lord High Commissioner dissolved it in the name of the
Queen; and, at a Quarter to Four o'Clock on Tuesday
Morning, the Session terminated.

Madame Vestris is recruiting her strength, pre-
vious to her provincial tour, at the pretty rural abode at Not-
ting-hill. Madame will commence at Liverpool, where she is
o hare receipts with the manager.

EGYPTIAN AFFAIRS.

Tho Globe of the 28th of May, contains the following,
in answer to Mr. Waghorn's second letter on this sub-
ject :=

" We have been prevented, by a pressure of other matter,
from noticing sooner a second letter from Mr. Waghorn, the
transmitter of letters, which appeared in the papers of
Tuesday. This second letter is a second proof of the
truth of the old adage, " ne sutor ultra crepidam," which
rendered into English means, " Let the messenger stick
to his bags." For we think that if Mr. Waghorn would
stick to his bags, and not launch into the troubled sea of
politics, he would be more likely not to get out of his
depth.
Mr. Waghorn tries ineffectually to scramble out of
the unlucky comparison, which in his first letter he had
tried to draw, between the rising of the Greek nation to
obtain their freedom, and the rebellion of Mehemet
Ali for the purpose of establishing a despotism of his
own in Egypt.. But there is no possibility of flounder-
ing out of that mistake; the cases are, as we said, dif-
ferent as light and darkness : Egypt is not wretched be•
cause she once belonged to Turkey, (for though Mr.
Waghorn may not be aware of the fact, Egypt be-
longs to Turkey still,) but Egypt is wretched because she
is governed by an ignorant, grasping, tyrannical Pacha,
who wrests from the people the produce of their toil,
and leaves them barely wherewithal to live. But Mr.
Waghorn seems to hold us in great contempt for not
thinking that treason, rebellion, fraud, and tyranny are de-
serving of the sympathy and admiration of the people of
England. Mr. Waghorn has formed his political system
of morality in Egypt ; we have formed ours in England,
uid we still cling to the old English prejudice in favour of
onesty and good faith, whatever new lights upon these
matters may have been be thrown by Mehemet Ali over
the previous darkness of Egypt. But Mr. Waghorn in-
forms us that Turkey and Egypt are in the market, to be
sold to the best bidder • that Turkey is knocked down to
Russia, and Egypt is bid for -high by France. Turkey
has certainly been knocked down, but we think it is for the
interest of England to try to set her upon her legs again;
and we believe that the Powers of Europe can accomplish
this, and ought to try. As to bidding for Egypt, we are
not inclined to bid for stolen goods. But this objection
does not seem to have struck Mr. Waghorn. We should
prefer endeavouring to re-establish the right of the legiti-
mate owner to the stolen property. That Mr. Waghorn,
the advocate of Mehemet Ali, should be very angry with
Lord Ponsonby, who has so ably performed his duties at
Constantinople, is perfectly natural; and the public at
large will properly consider Mr. Waghorn's abuse of Lord
Ponsonby as an additional testimony to the good services
of that Ambassador.

" But it seems, according to Mr. Waghorn, that we
are not to take our opinions on these great questions from
Ambassadors, from Ministers or Consuls, but from certain
fashionable gentlemen who have quitted for a time the
repose of Crockford's, to encounter the fatigues of a
journey to Egypt; We have great respect for the gen-
tlemen whom he mentions ; but we should think them
better authority as to the skill of a French cook, or as to
the merits of a case of champagne, than as to great ques-
tions of European policy. Six or eight St. James-street
gentlemen go for a lark to Egypt. They are surprised to
find that anywhere out of Europe men can ride a mile
without being robbed and murdered. The Paella is all
civility to his English visitors. He gives them excellent
coffee, admirable pipes, horses to see the pyramids, boats
to go up the Nile, and camels to cross the Desert; and
thereupon they determine that it is a great shame that he
is not made King of the Arabs. He tells them how
he murdered the Mamclukes at a feast to which he
had invited them—how he endeavoured to carry off
into slavery in Africa all the people of the Morea
—how he defeated the Sultan's armies with troops
raised for the Sultan's defence—how he pays his
soldiers in Upper Egypt by slaves taken in Nubia—and
how, when his Egyptian peasants mutilate themselves to
escape his conscription, ha catches them up and makes
them soldiers all the same ; and straightway these travel-
lers declare him to be a very civil and obliging little old
gentleman, and entirely deserving the sympathy of the
people of England.
" But Mr. Waghorn says that tyranny is not confined to
Egypt, but exists also in Turkey ; and what is his proof of
this ? Why, that lately the Sultan has dismissed three
Pachas for oppressing the people whom they were sent to
govern and protect. This, indeed, is a proof that the re-
forms of the Hatti-Sheriff are not a dead letter, and that
the Sultan is setting to work in earnest to regenerate
Turkey. We shall be glad to hear that Mehemet Ali has
dismissed the Governor of Damascus, who lately committed
such atrocities upon the Jews. But we cannot follow Mr.
Waghorn through all the nonsense (we mean no offence to
him) which his letter Contains. In one point, however, we
entirely agree with him ; he says, is not the man to
write upon any subject which he does not thoroughly under-
stand.' This is quite true. Some men there are, who,
by their talent and ingenuity, can disguise their ignorance,
and mislead even on matters of which they know nothing.
Mr. Waghorn, as he himself justly observes, is not a man
of that kind ; and as, by his own confession, he is not a
man to write upon matters which he does not understand,
we think his friends would do a kind thing by recommend-
ing him to abstain from writing about the politics of
Europe."

THIRD LETTER ON EGYPTIAN AFFAIRS.
TO THE EDITORS CF THE PRESS.

LONDON, JUNE 1. 1840.

Sir—ln the Globe of Thursday last, the 28th of May,
another article appeared as above, attempting to negative
my second letter on Egyptian affairs.
The Globe begins by calling me a " transmitter of let-
ter:," advises me "to stick to my bags," instead of
"launching myself into the troubled sea of politics, because
I shall get out of my depth in doing so."
Being independent in mind, my knowledge of politics
may as well be made useful in them, as in anything else ;
and I am not an egotist in saying, the whole of England
and India have a sufficient knowledge of me, in opening
the route through Egypt to India, that from my actual
moving in Egypt in political matter, it is more reasonable
for me to he giving the public a true statement of Egyp.
tian affairs, than it is for the Globe to cal! me names, in
order to prove my insignificance in the opinions of its
readers, or to miscall Mehemet Ali rebel, traitor, tyrant,
with all the et cetcras, words only arising out of personal
hostility, from Lord Ponsonby's reports to the Foreign
Office, from Constantinople.
I am sorry I have taken so much space about my sin-
cerity, and now to the points of controversy, in answer to
the Globe as above.

As usual, it cries down Mehemet Ali as a wretch, and
cries up Lord Ponsonhy as a model of " good service" to
England.
The best answer to the " good services" of Lord Pon-
sonby, above mentioned, is obtained from his unsuccessful
policy since he has been Ambassador for England at Con-
stantinople, in the opinions of his countrymen ; for if a
politician is to be reckoned by his unsuccessful attempts of
policy, certainly Lord Ponsonby's " good services" to-
wards Russia ought to be rewarded forthwith by St.
Petersburgh, who very properly appreciates his serviceable
policy to that country.
Is there no newspaper in Great Britain that will espouse
the cause of Egypt and Turkey's union again, under the
auspices of both? Is there no newspaper that will tell the
Foreign Office and the country, that Mehemet Ali and the
Sultan ought to be allowed forthwith to settle their dif-
ferences just as they please, in order that both of them may
rencrve Turkey to rid itself from Russian enthralment ? Is
there no newspaper that will not oppose the insane system
which Downing-street, led on by Lord Ponsonby, now
tells the Cabinet of England to pursue, that putting down
Mehemet Ali is the only way to save the Sultan ? Who
ever heard of such a doctrine as this, which says, that
putting down Mehemet Ali is the only means of saving
Turkey, when, by doing so, it destroys the strong half of
the Pm te's dominions in Egypt and .t.'yria. Has the
Porte any other part of her dominions half so safe from
Russia ? Is Constantinople ? What a suicidal policy is
this, because it wishes to prove that by destroying the strong
half you preserve the weak. To my thinking, it only doubly
weakens the weak (meaning Turkey).
The Globe at last owns, as I said in my second letter,
that Turkey is " knocked down to Russia," but that it
behoves us to put Turkey on her legs again ; but that Me-
met AB must be put down to set Turkey up. We rather
think this would be taking the body away, as well as the
legs, from that fallen power : therefore that is not the
way to place Turkey upright. The legs arc Egypt and
Syria ; Mehemet Ali is the moveable part of them, and it
is by applying these to the Sultan's aid from Russia, that
Turkey is to rise again; but certainly it is morally iropos-
sible, without it, to expect any such rise, except by mi-
racle. Do the Times, Chronicle, Herald, Post, and other
London Papers feel that they arc doing their duty to the
public, by remaining silent at a 'crisis like this, when two
countries are in the market, known by the names of Tur-
key and Egypt? It does appear more than strange that
they do not speak up, and induce England's Government
to join Egypt and Turkey in placing themselves together
as they please in their owa way.

There is but one way, and one way only, to save Turkey
from Russia, else ere a year more, its capital will be filled
with Russian troops, as a proof of the friendship of the
Emperor Nicholas to the young Sultan, and who dreams
that Russian troops, once in possession of Constantinople,
will ever leave it again, except driven out by the united
efforts of all Europe ?

Constantinople is the key of Europe ; it is the barrier
of safety between us and Russia. How tar encroach.
mcnts have already been made, is shown in Mr. Home's
admirable speech to the House of Commons, on 97th of
March last. He says, " Russia has already made advances,
700 miles towards Berlin and Paris, 500 miles towards
Constantinople, 630 miles towards Stockholm, and I,oeo
miles towards the capital of Persia, and yet the Noble
Lord Palmerston wishes to make England the ally of
Russia, to save the Turkish empire !!!"
France naturally felt sore by England's
Minister and
Brunow settling the affairs of Turkey and Egypt, without
her recognition at all. Frailty, allied to us, and to be
more and more allied to us, in order to keep downrßussia,France is thus treated with contempt. What
Be-
cause Lord Ponson4 and the Russian 2
anrd o.?
Constantinopleti.iosop
have agreed upon this smooth slate qf things: .
4
porters of my Lord Ponsonby tell us,
Never mind
France ; the Englishalliance is too precious to France at
this moment to lose. Pooh, pooh
:
with England on account of ! they will not quarrel
Mehemet Ali, and we shall
So we
have it all our own way. had it all our own way
at Navarino, and a precious mess we
decay made of it :—that
was the crowning stroke to the faster of
Turkey, for
acre
vcs.
so ltiobaetr a;
thely b
oe
ostlaywwcady.
to
whTichhethFcremneedhalGs
Government k

saie Turkey f'r'om Rustia,Zio to ismp* Mehcsaet Ali's
means and aid•To its rescue, And 4.2"hiers says, that
France will sip** tli:ejnst;Oftilme:,erl*heinet Ali ; and
yet Downing-street thinks that the 'English alliance with
Franee will prederminite. 010 that Premier's express dc-
claration.to the French'OhirnUr. Downing-street think.
Mehemet Ali will .not -offer force, if we send farce
against him. This thinking will not do; the destinies of
countries must be better: calculated upon than thinkisty.
How can the Sultan's powerbeL. Strengthened or kept fron
decay, while, Russia is.,Crinindied at all? 4-low many more
Unkier Skelessii are: to come to light against' British in-.
terests ? How inpeli longer is the proud'..fiag of Britain.**
navy to be isolated frontthe. protection of Turkish and
English interests in thC Black Sea? It is not Mehemet
Ali personally upon which the matter hinges ; it hind -s
upon the strength, and improving strength of his Go-
vernments in Egypt, in Syria, &c., which he can bring at
a moment to the aid of the Sultan. Why does Meberrmt
Ali stick out through thick and /bin for Adaua, and why
has he made up his mind'to die rather than not have the
passes of the Taurus in his power ? Answer—Because be
wishes to keep the gates of Syria and Egypt locked
against Russia: the passes of the Taurus are the gates,
and Adaua is the fruitful province that-,4 army can
in, until they deploy into those countrtos;.
Before taking up the Sultan's cause in real earnest,
Mehemet Ali wishes the hereditary acknowledgment of
the Sultan of the countries he .gOVe.sns. Who prevelts
the Sultan from such immediate acknowledgment? Lord
Postsonby does, and Russia joyfidly looks on that he does
so. France is as nobody in the question, it would appear,
provided Downing-street thinks so.
The policy of Downing-street, in truckling with -Bru-
now, has worked a poison against us in the French Cabi-
net and country, and I appeal to Noble-men who have
visited Paris lately, whether this be fact or not. Our po-
licy has done this, and wishes to go further, in putting
down Mehemet Ali ; thus not only making France and
Egypt our enemies, but (most monstrous) aiding and help-
ing the.decaying system of Russia-on Turkey. '
I warn and re-warn the Foreign Office not to go one
inch further in its mad pursuit
.of putting down Menemci,
Ali, under the pretence of putting the Sultan up. So
doing, (which God prevent,) if the Cabinet will not step
such mad attempt, would not only -end in the destruction
of the now united fleets of Turkey and Egypt; but end is the
desolation of Alexandria, and Mehemet Ali, if not bc. it 4
in the ruins, would leave his posterity to arm the
mans of all countries against England, because Earlzo
permitted her Ministers to bring about that desolara.-%,
What remains for the family of Mehemet Ali to d% 'fit
retire to Cairo and Upper Egypt, as the Marneluks it -
used to do, when the Sultan was powerfal2—in the Q.--,
that posterity shakes hands with France, and she
colony of France takes in Egypt. What becomes
India in such a case ? Why, that we must impore.-
England in driving the French out of Egypt, in order
regain safe possession of India.
All this in the future, but pretty certain, if
Lord Po,
sonby's policy is to predominate : :one thing we are certaiii
of, viz.—if we destroy the power of Mehemet Ali
Egypt, we must take possession of Egypt oqrselves, aud
keep it too ; but before that must gives us possession, y
shall have been fighting with France, and while we ars
doing that we shall find Turkey in the hands of
by French permission, as an inducement for Russia to
aloof. The Globe talks about the stormy sea of pot=
in which I get out of my depth :—if the Globe would •
about the horrors of wars like these to be forthcomink,
would be doing the public and the country " better

vice."

We must not be trifled with, nor be led off the true -
Hey by all the opprobrious names the " Omnibus"
Downing-street calls Mehemet Ali. No, we have only ;L,
look to Egypt as a part, and a main part of the Sult:.,
dominions, and the only part that is capable of impr,
itscYby its own means, in despite of what the
may say to cover the no•policy, no-statesman pursuit. •
Lord Ponsonby.
England wills, France wills, Egypt wills, India wi'
Holland, Spain, Portugal, America,—all the world wi. .
but Russia—the preservation of Turkey from that Powe:,
and the best way to carry out the wills of the whole (sa'
Russia), is for Lord Ponsonby to resign.
The Gloic may again say I am out of my depth, I,l*
the man who carried his bags over a desert to India, wirza
declared a madman for attempting it, feels himself in
soundings, whatever the " Omnibus" of Downing-strcet
may say. Thank God the law of libel has gone lry a
humble man like myself is allowed to speak out, and trk.d.
is no longer a libel, if it be not in personalities. My trutia
then is not :only about Mehemet Ali, but of Egypt ai.
Turkey, for the future balance of power in Europe.
Mehemet Ali is virtually chief of the religion of Arts.,
Egypt, Syria, Africa, because he, and he only, keeps cry..
the road to the Holy Cities of Mecca and Medina, ail
has it in his power, by becoming the vassal of the Porte.
to turn this opinion again to the Sultan, who once was la.
acknowledged by the same people.
In conclusion, France and England should now place
the Egyptian Pacha's aid and means at the disposal of the
Sultan. The last paragraph of my second letter tells bow
it can be best done, and is as follows
" Let the Foreign Office, through a new Ambassador,
induce the withdrawing the note of the Five Powers...—
write another, begging Mehemet Ali aid the tiultan wilt
settle their differences at once, and in one month Egypt
and Turkey will be re-united, Mehemet Ali once more
the vassal of.the Porte, not only paying tribute to Turkey,
but helping and aiding the Sultan in the future preserva-
tion of Turkey from Russia. This is the policy. Who
says it is not a proper one for Great Britain to pursue un-
der the existing state of things with reference to the
Eastern question ?"
I have the pleasure to be, Sirs, your's very faithfully,
THOMAS WAGHORU.

WRONGS OF THE BLACK POPI.:

LATION OF JAMAICA.

(From the Jamaica Colonial Reformer of Apri
lst.—The systein of charging rent, not by the -
of the tenement, but separately by the poll, on
member of a family, man, woman, and child !
2d.—The mixing up of the questions of rent
wages, for the purpose of defrauding the labourers.
3d.—The practice of charging the labourer don-i,
rent, not only when absent from work himself, but: at -
of his family, even when such absence is un'avoidat
occasioned by sickness. This, it is to be observed,
in addition to the lawful withholding of his
during such absence.

4thl—The ejecting of labourers, without any not •
from their houses and grounds ; not accordiag to
forms of law, but at the will and caprice of She lane.- 7.
or his agent, by unroofing or pulling down their
tages, and by turning the estate's cattle into their
vision grounds.

sth.—The adjudication of proprietors, attorr.—
and overseers, in propria persona, in cases of rent s:
wages at issue bet►veen themselves and their laboursr.
6th.—The usurpation of judicial functions and sei..
tencing the labouring population to fine and impri,-1.-
ment, by persons having no legal authority whose,- •
vested in them.

7t11.-111egal sentences passed by planting Moe ,-
trates, and others in their interest.

Bth.—Oppressively severe sentences passed by t'
same parties.

9th.—The renewed liability of females-to be chitiw:-.1
in couples, and worked in fetters on the public rea.
and highways, as during the darkest periods of slavet•:,-.
for the space of sixty days, by order of one -Magistmf
—perhaps au overseer. This, be it kept in min,
sanctioned by a lair passed during the present Sesi.,
by the very parties themselves who wish by the remc
of the Stipendiary Magistrates, to have sole jurisdic
in all cases of dispute between themselves and their Li:.
slaves.

10th.—The Truck system, in practice on trt,,-
estates, by which the labourers are defrauded of tty-'r
wagcs, by having them paid to them in commoditic;
or 40 per cent. above the market price, instead of
Ilth.—The difficulty, or rather impossibility, of th,.,
labourer protecting his provision ground from trespass,
owing to the iniquitous requirements of the new pound
law, and the consequent impunity with which the pro.
prietary may trespass on and destroy the provision
grounds of their poor neighbours. This is also an kt
qf the present session.

126.—The prohibiting under heavy penalties, to
fish in the rivers, creeks, and even the open sea, tivoisEs
the land on both sides in the former instance, and the
shore in the latter ease, belorig,to the party so fishieg,
by which vast numbers of poor and industrious perstons
arc liable to be thrown out of employment which they
have followed from time immemorial. An act also c'
the present session.

lath.—The prohibiting persons 'to sell articles e!
their own preparin7 and manufacture (a great resourw!
to the aged :Ind infirm), such as water jars, ropes, bas-
kets and even provisions, without a license, the cost w
which in some parishes amounts to 10/. Likewise at.
act of the present session.
14th--The virtual exclusion of the black population
from the enjoyment of the elective franchise, by $O,
high rate of qualification imposed ; owing to which 61,3
power of legislation remains vested in the bands of
those who have shown tbeinsclvcs-the most unrelailtioit
enemies of the black population, and the mosettetts.4.-,•
nilt:ed opponents of the British Government-4...i
former membeis of the Colcmial Church Union, ;
the framers of the celebrated protest of 1838.
The whole catalogue of the laws passed' during th,,
present session manifest plainly enough that the lc..
slave will never enjoy anything but the name of freedon,
so long as the late slave-owners shall be permitted c
elusively to legislate for his civil rights and obligation;.

From Henry Cowper, Esq., of Tewen-wat.c;,,,
Hells to Messrs. S. and B. Solomous, 39, Albemarle-str,,t,
pi,,,,iiiiv.—Gentlemen, having leeen deaf for many year..,
was induced from recommendation to try your Invisiblp
Conductors, and I have great pleasure in telling yam
they enable me to hear persons in company and at a pla.e of
worship most distinctly ; and in conseqsentmi of the great ad.-
vantage which I have derived, I have recommended wan F
persons to you, and I am happy to state that their report
similar to mine. mast favourable. The Spectacles rind IdabcL
glass which von hate sent me are very excellent, and suit my
sight precisely, and surpass anything of the kind I have c,ior
tried ; the transparency' of which iS so brilliant, that althoc• iF
I have passed my Kith year, the 211i1 of May last, yet they •.
able eto read, &c., by candle-light with the greatest sw,
and comfort to myself.—Gentlemen, I return you in ht.!
thanks, and remain your most obedient servant, HE W
Cowrr:a.-_22d of June, 1839.-39, Albemarle-street. Not
to be had at any other house. In consequence of Mr. llenr.r
Cowper receiving applications from all quarters to know whe-
ther the above letter is authentic or not, he has addressed 1,
letter to the Standard, which was inserted in that pap! (As
the 6th of April last, stating that it was so, and that in news. '4-
quence of his extreme age and increasing infirmity, requested
he might not be troubled with any further inquiries. •

EVENING EDITION.
'TIOWTON'S FAREWELL BENEFIT
WILL TAKE PLACE
ON MONDAY NEXT, JUNE 8,
AT HER M 1 STY'S THEATRE,
.Under Dist#iguished Patronage ;
Wlitii will be acted,
7R34-PO Ore GENTLEMAN.
With, foithis Night only, the following Cast :
Sit Rotert tremble, Mr. Dowton, his last appearance on
the Stage; Humphrey Dobbins, Mr. Bartley; Corporal Foss,
Mr. W. Farren ; 011apod, Mr. Harley ; Farmer Harrow by,
Mr. Webster; Stephen Harrowby, Mr. Meadows; Sir Charles
Cropland, Mr. T. • Green ; Lieutenant Worthington, Mr.
Cooper' ; Frederick, Mr. F. Vininm; Emily Worthington,
Miss Ellen Tree ; Miss -I,Aterdtia :lac Tab, Mrs. Glover;
Dame Harrowby, Mrs. Tekure ; Mary, Mrs. Humby.
With the Original Epilogue.
After which, a DRAMATIC ORATION,
Written and to be spoken by Mr. SHERIDAN KNOWLES,
In introduction of,all the Professional Ladies and Gentlemen
now in London.
In the mine of the Evening,
A. MUSICAL PASTICCIO,

Under the Direction of Mr. T. Cooke, in which will appear
Madame Grisi, Madame Dorus Gras, Miss Delcy, Mr. Bra-
am, Mr. H. Phillips, and the celebrated German Chorus.
To which will be added,
GRETNA GREEN.
Jenkins, Mr. Wrench ; Betty Finnikin, Miss Kelly.
The Committee sit daily, as usual, at the Theatre-Royal,
Drury-lane, from Eleven till Five o'Clock, for the receipt of
Donations and Disposal of Boxes and Tickets, which may also
be had at the Box-office of her Majesty's Theatre, Opera
Colonnade; and they confidently appeal, ori both points, to the
hearts and understandings of all the lovers of sterling English
Comedy and Veteran Worth.
PRICES OF AOMISSION.

Pit Tier, Private Boxes, 4/. 4s. ; Grand Tier, ditto, 51. bA. ;
One Pair, ditto, 4/. 4s. Two Pair—Private Boxes, 3s. ;
Single Seats, lits. 6d. Three Pair—Private Boxes, 2/. 2s. ;
Single Seats, 10s. 6d. Gallery—Private Poxes—lL I Is. 6d. ;
Single Seats, 10s. Ed. Pit, Stalls, I/. Is. ; Pit Seats, ss.
Gallery Stalls, ss. ; Gallery Seats, 3s.
Box Book-keeper, Mr. Netter.
Subscriptions already announced £645 17s.
IV-. HOU. Dow. Countess 'John Robson, E5q...... 5 0 0
of Essex ..10 0 0 A Pleader's Fee......... 0 10 6
J. H. Hornby, Esq.... 5 5 0 Right Hon. Lord Ash-
J. Homersham, Esq... 1 0f) burton lO 0 0
Jos, Price, E5q.......... 1 0 0 Right Hon. Lord Boa-
Jar's Farquhar, Esq.. 5 0 0 ton
W. C. Macreadv, Esq. 5 5 0 Sir George Head
Charles Kean, Esq.... 5 0 0 Rt. Hon. Earl Fife 5 0 0

NEW ZEALAND.
In a few days,
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
RELATIVE TO NEW ZEALAND.
Comprising the DESPATCHES and JOURNALS of the
COMPANY'S OFFICERS ;
And the FIRST REPORT of the DIRECTORS.

....—.._ _
This publication contains a full description of the new Settle-
ments, and will be found replete with interest to the geographer,
the naturalist, and the emigrant. It comprises also the oniv
authentic account of the proceedings of the New Zealand
Company.
London : J. V.'. Parker, West Strand.
