t)F TDB PUBLIC JOURNALS.

It is unnecessary to direct the particular attention of
our readers to the proceedings in Parliament liat night,
for every thing at this moment combines to render them
veinier) objects of public curiosity and general anxiety.
The first public appearance of a new Ministry, and still
snore of a new Opposition, is always matter of study;
but, under present circumstances, the interest is the more
exciting, because the party which has just come in mutt
he expected, from its long exclusion, to look awkward in
place; and the party which has just gone out is so formed
to support official measures, that it is difficult to suppose
it can now oppose them. They have, however, each
taken up their positions, and directly adverse to each
other. As soon as the doors of either House were
opened, every space allotted to the accommodation of
strangers was occupied, the members of the Bar forming
a large portion of the audience. In the House of Lords
the throne tees uncovered, as, on these occasions, it is ge.
nattily supposed that the King is present. The side door,
leading from the House of Commons, was not, therefore,
thrown open. Mr. Brougham was in waiting in the Lord
Chancellor's room until withina few minutes of fouro'elock ;
but as his patent of Peerage ha') not been made out, ander
tan introduction of a eewly.creat, il Peer takes, plseeafter four
o'clock, that Learned—Perrianage entered the house of
Lords, and took his teat on the Woolwich, merely in his
rapacity of Speaker of the House, and not as a Peer.
Their Lordships shortly after adjourned, but resumed a
few minutes before five o'clock. Earl. Grey then entered
and took his seat on the front Ministerial bench. Lord
Durham and the 'Marquis of Lansdowne took their
"au betide the Noble>. Premier.,, The Duke of Wel-
lington entered the /totem shortly after, and took his neat
on the bench immediately opposite the Members of the
new Administration. The Lord Chancellor resumed his
mat on the 'Woolsack. Some petitions were presented on
the subject of Negro Slavery, and the Marquis of Salisbury
postponed hie motion respecting the poor laws to a future
day. An occasion MA then taken to draw from the new
Ministers an exposition of their future policy. The Mar-
quis of Lansdowne laid the train, by presenting a petition
an the subject of Parliamentary Reform. He stated that
be agreed in the prayer 'of the petition, so far as to ad-
mit that some change was necessary in the state of the
representation ; but still he deprecated being called a
" Parliamentary Reformer." Some change was neces-
sary to keep pace with the progress of science and
discovery; but has should not Advocate any that slid not
give property and knowledge.—the two great compo-
nente of civilized society—a preponderating share its
the Legislature..,..-(Cheers.) The Premier then rose, and
all were blotted to hor him. lie began by saying 'hat
he hoped his opinions upon the subject of Reform were
not so unknown to the Howie or the country as to require
a formal avowal of them in his present situation. The
Noble Lord added, " 1 have stated upon former occasions
to this House, what I now repent---that
,the Government
should take into their immediate coludderation the state
of the representation of the people in Parliament, with it
view to correct those defects which time, may have pm'
(hived in it—.4lletir)—Ansl to resume that confidence to the
public mind which the Parliament, as constituted at pre-,
seat, does not, in toy opinion, enjoy to the full extent
relnkted'requisite for the good and sere government of the
country. I then stated, and I now re-state, that lam
not one el those who will support any of threw fanciful
and extreme plans of Reform which, in my opinion, would
not lead to real and substantial Reform, but to anarchy
and confusion. I have never supported, and Ido not in..
tend to support, those principles of universal suffrage
which some would advocate—for my object is not the up-
setting of the institutions of the country. I should not have
accepted office, if I had not received his Majesty's sanction
for the diticussion of this important question. As to ro-
duction of expenditure, we pledge oureelves to adopt
every practical retrenchment in every part of the Govern.
Inset consistent with the national dignity, and without
injury to the true interests of the country. The Views
and intentions of hie Majesty's Government are the ame-
lioretions of existing abuses; the enforcement of economy
in every branch of the public service, and the preserve.
Lion of peace thraughtnit Europe," This confession of
the Noble Lord was most favourably received by the
majority of those of his " order," ande..allesit it is the
death-Itnell of. radicalism-...may not be unacceptable to
the country* Liege. The, Earl of Radnor, however, pro-
WWI against it, and warned, the. Pieta*. :that lie had
committed a capital Isiah, upon the very throaliold of his
Ministry, In calling Parliamentary Reform ire any shape
a fanciful theory. Lord Wheericli& promised hie 'wear°
the Administration if it was conducted in the manner linen
announced i and the Earl of Cartiervors, while admitting
that some reform manes:rosary, denied that it wonid benpa-
nucen for distress, and he impressed the state of the labour.
ing poor on Government.-.lre, the.liouse of Commons the
arrangement of tree parties .was an object of equal interest.
Sir Hobert Peel, Sir !Teary •llardirige, Mr. Goulburn, sod
the whole of, the staff of the Ex-Ministers, took.up a Psi`
lion upon the opposition. benches, Anil mustered very
strongly in force, The new Ministers being obliged to
vacate their *eats were not present,. and the whole impor-
tance of the new arrangements was represented by Mr.
Rice. This gentleman moved for, new writs, In the Oleo
of such of the new Members of the Cabinet as belong to
the House of Commons, and whore name, will he found
in another part of our paper. Some dissuasion arise rela-
tive to Dr..Phillpotts, the Rector of Stanhope, holding
that living in coßttneeditra wills the See of Exeter;. in re-
ference to which, Sir 11, Ilerdinge saint that many of the
statement" putolisherl relative to Dr. Phillputta were de-
void of foundation. Ile bad the authority of the Duke
of Wellington to say that he knew that there was an
unpopular. feeling against the Right ',Rev. Prelate, W-
eans*. it was supposed that he had covertly given his
eupport to the Catholic Relief Bill; but he (the Noble
Duke) had not paid any attention to the rumour. on the
aubiect, because they had no foundation in Act. Dr.
Ithillpetts had a family of fourteen children, and he
thought he therefore deserver) favourable consideratien, and
ought not to have been made the object of unjust attacks,
Mr. Hobliouee gave notice that he should, se soon as pus.
Wide +thee the recess,. bring in .a Bill for the regulation of
perish vestries. Mr. J. Wood took occasion to: compli.
Insist Sir It. Peel, and regretted that he had not eetri.the
necessity for reform, as in, that ease the country. would

not, at this moment, have been deprived of hie .
Sjr Joseph Yptica would support the new Administration,
provided they redeemed their pledgee in favour of retrench-
meet and reform. The House then resolved itself into a
thiniliittad of Supply, when a loan of three millions was
granted towards, the supply of 1100. Sir John Newport
gave uotice that, *twisty after the recess, he should sub.
snit a motion to the house with respect to pluralities of
livings, and holding livings in commandant. Mr. O'Cooe
lull gave notice of motions for better securing the funds
of charities devoted to Roman Catholics, and respecting
marriages solemnized by Boman Catholic Priests. The
Sussex Jury Bill ryes read a third time end passed.—
An episode of official tenacity then . followed. The
Speaker called from his paper the name of the Attorney-
tit Aks emus time .looking.tuarards the Minis-
terial Benches, where Mr. Demean was sitting. Sit
James Scarlett, who was sitting on the left of the Chair,
rose, but reineined for some short time standing before the
Speaker turned eyes in that direction. When at
length he did loot he (Sir J. Seardett) remarked that he
was stag Attornopciimerel, however short might be the
time be should, remain so-..(A general laugh followed the
observetion). After title verigootion he presented
psti-
tiins. trout New Mahon and from Melton against negro
slavery.
..A propeeltion was ata4le for adjourning. the
House to Thursday, upon which Mr. Bering said he
would . not senction .any ratitOneArtant...4 Hear, haar,
H. wee not annlarmiit ; on the contrary, lie thought the
outrages in aroma parts _of. the country might have liven
stopped long ago; but no tints was to be lout. Sir Ho-
bent Peel„ said lie was 444 Of opinion tint threw outrages
might hate been,..andiniglat Atiltbe, suppressed by local
exertion.--.(Hear, hear.) Every *id had been given, to
the Magistracy by the Government 'IC every roan would
do as he Would advise them, and tight before they tamely
relinquished their property, would wear a different
aspect li but if they went on relinquishing their property,
and malting coneeesions to every illegal demand, then no
'loreei milittry low otherwiee, would be auffittieist to check
the evil,...(Cheers.) Colonel Davies made some remarks
upon the sppoistuneut to the Dimity of Lancaster ; after
Widen the lions* rose at seven rielock.......Aforn. /Jerald.
The new Mitilettly took their places last night in the
House of Lime be, anti new Writs were moan for some of
those in the Columns. In the 'anitt circular will be
f""il atn ac Count d"those who fealarday. Were introduced
to his btalesty. gad Oat itinottn* his Reform in ge.
natal tenni!, and state() 'that he had the aanetlOU of his
Maj,sty, before Ital toin4 `Ad .kitainiatration, to be allowed
tie subunit a inemore Ittiornt, 'Prom the general terms
in which 'Worm is spa ken of, we cannot anticipate time
precise nature, of what is intended. but with respect' to
economy, I,i, I,,ndship said it Was "the firm resolution of
himself and lila colleagues to cut off, with an unsparing.
hand, all that it not demanded for the intrests, time ho.
flour, and the Welfare of the country." 'fit pledged him..
',elf to the support of vuhk credit. "My Lords (said
his Lordship), to sum up in a few words, time principlei
which J stand will, I trust, be hound to tie thin..
ligreti9P of Alitiitemertomulluti of tho
