LONDON, FRIDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 7, 1836.

CAPTAIN NARRYAT'S NEW WORK.
In 3 vols. post Bvo.
MR. MIDSHIPMAN EASY,
IS NOW READY.
• A work certainly worthy of the author of ' Peter Simple,' and
will be even more popular than some of the same family."—Monthly
Review.

Saunders and Otley, Conduit-street, Hanover-square.

NOW READY, THIRD EDITION,
THE LORDS, THE GOVERNMENT, AND
THE COUNTRY.
By HENRY L. BULWER, Esq., M.P.
Author of " France Literary, Social, and Political," " The Mo-
narchy of the Middle Classes," &s.
Saunders and Otley, Conduit-street.

THE PRINCE OF CANINO'S MEMOIRS,
WRITTEN BY HIMSELF,
. . .

Will be published on WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 12th instant.
Editions in French and in English ; the French corrected by the
Prince—the English translated under his immediate superin-
tendence.
Saunders and Otley, Conduit-street, Hanover-square.
Agents for Ireland, J. Cumming, Dublin; for Scotland, Bell
and Bradfute, Edinburgh.

THE BEST NAVAL HISTORY.

Now publishing, in Monthly Parts, price ss. each, (to be completed
in Ten Parts),

JAMES'S NAVAL HISTORY
OF GREAT BRITAIN :
WITH A CONTINUATION OF THE HISTORY TO THE

PRESENT TIME.
By CAPTAIN CHAINIIER, R.N.
The Work will be embellished with
A PORTRAIT GALLERY

Of the most Distinguished Officers engaged in the late eventful
War, including
Lord Howe Lord Duncan
Lord De Saumarez Lord Hood
Lord Keith • Admiral Cornwallis
Thomas Troubridge Sir Thomas Brisbane
Sir Hyde Parker Sir Edmund Nagle
Sir Phillip Broke Sir Samuel Howley
Lord Cochrane Sir Christopher Cole
Captain Napier Sir IL Strachan
Mr. James.
llished with Portraits of Admirals Sir Sydney
e Cockburn, is now ready.
le a great national benefit. It promises to be
taval history."—Metropolitan Magazine.
3entley, New Burlington-street,
,er in Ordinary to his Majesty.
.s received by all Booksellers.

Lord Nelson
Lord Collingswood
Lord Bridport

Lord Extriouth
Sir W. Hoste
Sir T. Duckworth
Esti St. Vincent
Sir Sydney Smith
Sir George Cockburn

Part V., embe4
Smith and Sir George
" This Work will bi
the text book of our n
Richard B
Publisht
Order:

The Twenty-fourth Edition, with additional Cases and Remarks
illustrating the Danger and Absurdity of relying on Internal Me-
dicines as a Sole Means of Cure.—Price 38.
PRACTICAL OBSERVATIONS on STRIC-
TURES of the URETHRA and RECTUM, recommend-
ing an improved system for their treatment and cure ; illustrating
its efficacy by numerous remarkable and highly important cases, in
some of which Strictures of from ten to twenty years duration have
been totally removed in a few weeks, and its superiority thereby
fully established
ByC over
B everyCOURTENAY,M other method hithe.D.rto practised.
. . ,
42, Great i\larlborough-street, Regent-street.
Printed for the Author : and sold by Onwhvn, 4, Catherine_
street, Strand ; Hays, 248, Regent-street ; W. Marsh, 145, Ox-
ford-street ; M'Phun, Trongate, Glasgow ; Messrs. Sutherland,
Calton-street, Edinburgh; J. Chappell, QS, Royal Exchange; and
by all Booksellers in town and country.
,‘ We earnestly recommend the cases related by Dr. Courtenay
to the perusal of such of our readers as are afflicted with the com-
plaints which the author has made the subject of these observations.
Several instances are adduced of the recovery of perfect health from
states which were considered hopeless by practitioners of eminent
talents and very extensive experience. We entertain the highest
opinion of Dr. Courtenay's professional skill, and congratulate him
on his successful and judicious application to these severs and often
fatal diseases."—European Magazine.

SLAVERY IN CHINA.

In a country so populous as China, where wages are
extremely low, slavery can never exist to a very great
extent. . . . _

The Government gives full permission to the Tartar sol-
diers of the eight banners to buy slaves, who should, how-
ever, be duly registered. Poor people, when in want of
the necessaries of life, may sell their children ; for it is
better, so the Statute says, that their offspring live in bon-
dage than starve. Merchants are permitted to buy them,
but public officers are strictly prohibited to traffic in people
under their jurisdiction.
Every owner of slave's is obliged to get them married ;
if, however, he fails to do so, he is amenable to the law.
The children of such marriages belong to him ; and though
the parents may redeem themselves, their sons and daugh-
ters remain with the master. Marriages of slaves with free
people are prohibited. A slave, after having gained his
freedom, may become a citizen, if his behaviour is such as
to entitle him to that privilege.
The Jaw provides also for the good treatment of slaves ;
but as they are considered as minors, their masters becoffir
resposible for their conduct. If they run away, they re-
ceive, for the first offence, only a few lashes ; but when
they repeat the same they are punished with merciless
cruelty.
On the one hand the Chinese Government gives ample
power to the slaveholder, whilst on the other it constantly
interferes with his rights. A master is not permitted even to
manumit his slave, unless the district Magistrate has sanc-
tioned the measure ; and he carp refuse to give his consent
for the most trivial reasons.

From the contents of the few laws upon the subject, it
appears that numbers of the tribes on the frontiers and of
the Meaoutsze are caught and sold. The practice, though
general, is by no means legal.
In a country where a name for liberty does not even ex-
ist, it would be difficult to define slavery, unless the meaning
of the word be the right of possession obtained by purchase.
Viewing the matter in its true light, the Sovereign is the
only free man in the empire, because he has the power,
either directly or indirectly, to enslave his subject. A
faithful Minister calls himself a horse or dog ; for the ser-
vices which he performs bear a striking resemblance to
those performed by those domestic animals. Slavery ex-
tends throughout all classes, with this difference only, that
some privileged individuals bear the yoke of a few masters,
whilst they exercise their power over many.
Slavery in China, however, is not so oppressive by many
degrees, as in Siam and Cochin China, where the King
divides his subjects among the grandees, and forces them
to work for their masters from four to six months every
year. The natural consequences of this oppressive re-
gulation are utter poverty and wretchedness. In China,
only the industry of the subject is taxed ; and the
Supreme Government has wisely ordained that the prin-
cipal burden should not, apparently, fall upon the great
mass of the people. As a descendant from a conqueror, the
emperor owns all the lands, and, from the principle of might
making right, justly demands a tax from the farmer. This
is paid both in kind and money, and amounts to such a
sum that the labourer can never, how much soever he ex-
erts himself, amass a capital from the produce of the land.
This may also account for the extraordinary circumstance
that few large land-holders are to be found in China ; for
the profits obtained from landed property are so small that
capital can be much more advantageously employed in
other branches of industry. A peasant, though seemingly
free, works not for himself but for the Emperor, and re-
ceives but a bare subsistence for his labour. Lest, how-
ever, the Supreme Government might be execrated by the
labouring classes, the taxes are virtually farmed. An offi-
cer is appointed over a district to collect a specified amount
of taxes ; if he does not furnish the stipulated sum, he him-
self is responsible for the deficiency ; if he oppresses, in
order to collect something for himself, or merely to raise
the necessary amount, and is accusad of tyranny, his pro-
perty is confiscated. The blame falls entirely upon him,
whilst the Government issues a soothing edict, declares its
paternal care, and sends another benevolent tax-gatherer.
Thus individuals have to bear the reproach, whilst the high
functionaries always maintain their character for compas-
sion and the deepest regard for the national welfare. The
Chinese Government does not exasperate multitudes by
making exorbitant demands, but attacks rich capitalists, who
must then either perish or indemnify themselves, some way
or other, from the people.
This is one of the great secrets of Chinese political
science. It accounts for a great many things, which 'other-
wise appear to be riddles. The Chinese are slaves and a
free people ; they groan under oppression, and boast of a
paternal government : though this is a paradox, it is,
t,
never-
theless, a strict fact. The Government reasons with the
people as with freemen ; it explains its acts, and even goes
so far as to accuse itself of neglect ; but woe to him who
raises a voice or does not humbly worship the condescend-
ing Majesty of the rulers. Though oppressed on all sides
they nevertheless are persuaded that the Emperor's pater-
nal love abhors and laments the pressure which bears them
down, and that he is ready to hasten to their-relief as soon
as their sufferings are known. The fact is that theory and
practice are sadly at variance, and the iron law of necessity
makes slaves of men, who, under a better system of govern-
ment, would, we think, hold forth an example to the world
of contentedness, and of a love of order ; and these quali-
ties of the mind are, we presume to think, more general
amongst all classes of this great empire than in any other
community of the world.
In the comparison between the minds of China and of
Europe, the question of the rectitude of their opinions on
the words honour, chivalry, and liberty, are now becoming
interesting. We will not say that it is the Government
opinion, but these words are unknown to the people, and
are unappreciated by them. The subject is one of too
great importance to be discussed in one number, and we
may probably return to it when the port is clear of ships,
and the attention of the community can be given to it.
We only now remark, that the system of the Chinese Go-
vernment is an apt illustration of the principles of Toryism
and Conservatism, which the Emperor and his officers are
able to enforce to an ultra degree, because the people are
ignorant, and, consequently, submissive.

The French vintage this year will, it is feared, tun
out as bad as that of 1829.

Our coast letters are filled with accounts of the da-
mage and dreadful loss of life occasioned by the tremendous
storms of the past week.—Kentish Gazette.

Yesterday morning the Commissioners of Woods
and Forests engaged a number of workmen, for the purpose of
taking down the old and unsightly brick wall which extended
to Kensington-gardens, a distance of nearly half a mile. On
its site will be erected light iron railings, by which means
visitors frequenting the Park will have a commanding view of
Harrow, Pinner, and the neighbouring country. A number
of trees have been rooted up, and the branches of others
looped, for the purpose of allowing a more pleasant view into
the Park from the _houses opposite. An elegant carriage en-
trance is also being made into Hyde-park, near Kensington-
garden-gate.
ANTIQUITY OF FREEMASONRY.—TiIe secret sys-
tem which was developed, even in the heathen initiations, dis-
plays some faint traces of those important observances that
were practised in the infancy of the world, before man apos-
tatized from his Maker, and offered up his devotions to ficti-
tious beings and material substances. But in the system ob-
served by the Essenes, who were pious worshippers of the
Great Jehovah, we find more unequivocal tokens of the pre-
sence of that sublime art which animated the devotion of the
ancient patriarchs, and kept their hearts in sweet communion
with their heavenly Father. The institutions of this cele-
rated sect displayed, in the clearest manner, the sublime
purity of Freemasonry and though some of its favourite dog-
mata were evidently the offspring of superstition, yet they
sprang from a true principle of piety, and a desire to avoid
that overwhelming deluge of false faith and defective practice
which universally prevailed, even amongst " God's own
people," and rendered the advent of the Messiah so necessary
to purify the world from its pollutions.—Freenwson's Quar-
terly Review.

Yesterday afternoon a Coroner's Inquest was taken
before Mr. Baker, at the Cock and Magpie, on the body of
Thomas Hughes, aged.6o, who committed suicide in a cell at
Worship-street Office, by nearly severing his head from his
body with a razor. Thomas Eagles, an officer of Worship-
street establishment, about five o'clock on Wednesday after-
noon, was assisting Tilt to secure his prisoners, vi hen he heard
a sudden fall in the cell where the deceased was, and on turn-
ing round he observed two streams of blood flowing from the
cell. On opening the door he found the deceased laying on
the floor, weltering in his blood, and unable to speak. He was
quite dead, and there was a dreadful gash across his throat.
A razor was in his right hand, which witness took away*. 11,
had been taken before the Maoistrate in the morning, charged
with being drunk, when' Mr. Grove fined him five shillings ;
but he would have been discharged at eight o'clock. He was
in
Temporary miserableoray
r Isotasaten,itayn.d” had no money about him. Verdict,
An American paper, the Philadelphian, in an ad-
vertisement, offering a reward of thirty dollars for the dis-
covery of a runaway apprentice, says, His name is Daniel
Murphy, about sti feet high, heavy eyebrows, and large crooked
teeth. He is lately from the county of Longford, Ireland,
which is evident from his broad accent, and a bare spot on the
back of his head."

PRICE SD.

INSOLVENT COURT-THURSDAY.

Jane Tacker, alias Jane Packerid,ge, a female of a " cer-
tain age," was opposed by Mr. BoDKIN, on the part of Mr.
Poland, furrier, Strand, and in person by two creditors
named Jenkins and Eavill. . .

A young woman, named Wilcox, who had been in the
employ of Mr. Poland, stated that in January, 1834, the
insolvent, accompanied by a person whom she represented
as her brother, called at the shop and selected two muffs
and two sable boas, which she said were required for a wed-
ing in the country. She would send for the articles, and
in three days afterwards they were sent for to No. 16,
Beaufort-buildings, Strand, and a receipt desired to be sent
with them. The insolvent was found there. She apolo-
gised for the apparent disorder of the house, saying that she.
had just taken it on lease, and was not settled. She in-
formed her that her brother had gone into the City to get
change for a check, and the money would be paid on his re-
turn, at five o'clock. The goods were left, on her giving a
reference to a house in the neighbourhood, but on inquiry
being madowshe was not known. The goods, which
amounted to 211. and upwards, had not been paid for, and
the insolvent disappeared from her residence.
James Ray, warehouseman to Mr. Poland, called on the
Saturday night, the day on which the goods had been deli-
vered by Miss Wilcox, for the money. He stayed at the
house from about nine o'clock until one o'clock on the Sun-
day morning, and left without the money. He went on the
Monday and found she had disappeared, as well as the pro-
perty. He had ascertained that the house was one of bad
repute.
Mr. BODKIN—A disorderly one. I suppose she had
made before some excuse to Miss Wilcox for the disorder ?
—(Laughter.)
Mr. Loader, an ironmonger, Hungerford-street, Strand,
had supplied goods to the same house to the amount of 561.
He called on the Monday for the money and found his cus-
tomer had flown. There were about twenty tradesmen
there on similar errands. The property had been removed.

Mr. Perkins, another sufferer, stated that the insolvent
had contracted a debt of Si. ss. 9d. with him for iron-
mongery (mods. Ile went to the house, and found it quite
empty, and the parties had disappeared.
'Fhe Learned CHIEF COMNIISSIONER, in giving judg-
ment, said that the account the insolvent had given of the
disposition of the property was extremely unsatisfactory.
The judgment would be at the suit of Mr. Poland, and
she was sentenced for fraudulently contracting his debt, to
an imprisonment of nine calendar months.

COURT OF REQUESTS, THURSDAY.

KINGSGATE-STREET.—The majority of the cases heard
yesterday before Mr. Commissioner DUBOIS, were unusually
rich, and presented the most laughable instances of the folly
of human nature.

THE APOTHECARY AND THE CATS.--A mahogany-faced
woman named Squab ! appeared against a gaunt long-visaged
apothecary, residing in the neighbourhood of Brunswick-
square, for the sum of 11., alleged to be due under the fol-
lowing rather extraordinary circumstances. The apothecary
was a bachelor, and, requiring a confidential servant, had
hired the plaintiff at the rate of 1/. per month. Her ser-
vices were, indeed, that of a housekeeper, but the apo-
thecary had behaved in such au " houdasheous" manner,
that the plaintiff was compelled to leave defendant apothe-
cary's service, somewhat before the consummation of a legal
term of notice. The following is a verbatim report of the
complaint and the rejoinder.
Mrs. Squab—Sir, this 'ear man lives all alone by himself,
and so he hired me at 13/. a year to do fi». him ; but I hadn't
been long in his service, before I found that I had to do for
four cats as well—(Laughter)--and to cleanup arter them as
well.—(Considerable Laughter.) Well, Sir, one night one
of these 'ear cats was missing, and he flies in a passion, and
jest, no better nor no wuss, he ses to me, ses he—" Mrs.
Squab, youv'e drov that cat into a consumption.—(Roars
of laughter, in which the worthy Commissioner could not
help joining)—and d— you, if you don't find that cat,
I'll be the werry death of you—and so, with that, I run'd out."

Mr. COMMISSIONER—You could'nt have done a more
discreet thing, Madam. _ _ _

Mrs. Squab—You're werry good ; and so I perseeded to
go away ; and next day, when I went for my things, he
unlocked my box and took out my purse, in which I'd got
21. les., and he took away a sovereign to pay himself the
month's warning.
Mr. COMMISSIONER—And did'nt you take him before a
Magistrate ? Mrs. Squab—No, Sir ; I was glad to get
back what he'd give me.

Mr. COMMIS;IONER (to defendant)—Now, Sir, what
:lave you to say to this ? . .

Defendant, with considerable gravity, entered into the
following statement :—lt's very true, Sir, all that she has
stated. Ido keep four cats, and I did undertake to keep
this woman as well, but she, during my absence from town,
kept all sorts of company ; my poor cats were neglected,
my saucepans left dirty, and at last to such a pitch did
things come, that one of my poor cats absconded altogether.
—(Laughter.) More than that, Sir, she says she is visited
by her grandmother, who goes into her bedchamber at
night, and feels all over her. The facts are, Sir, she's mad.
Mr. COMMISSIONER—ProbabIy you have a habit of
walking in your sleep, Sir, and that might occasion Mrs.
Squab to talk about her grandmother feeling her all over,
as vou call it.—(Laughter.)
Defendant—No, Sir, quite the contrary ; and I took the
sovereign for the month's warning, as well as to indemnify
me for my cat. I've a great passion for cats.
Mr. COMMISSIONER—WeII then, Sir, you must pay for
it. You must refund the sovereign, Sir ; and if Mrs. Squab
thinks proper, she may take you before a Magistrate for
helping yourself to it.
The apothecary left the Court in high dudgeon.
A NORSE WOT WOULDN'T Go.—A linen-draper of the
thorough "James Jessamy" breed. summoned a livery-stable-
keeper, residing in Gray's Inn-road, for is. 6d.

Comasszorma—What is it for ? Plaintiff—Aw—Sir,
aw—l'ad hoccasion to go down a little way bout of town,
into the country, an so I thort I'd hire a norse.
COMMISSIONER—A what, Sir? Plaintiff—A norse—
(Laughter). Well, Sir, no sooner ad I rid about thirty
yards, than this hidentical animal comes to a full stop—aw
—so I spur'd him—aw—and I hot him several hits on the
'ed, and—aw—finding myself in hactual danger, I turned
him round and rode back agin.—(Considerable merriment.)
COMMISSIONER—Did you see the horse before you
mounted him ?—(Laughter.) Plaintiff (with unconscious
simplicity)—Aw—oh ! yes, Sir ; I saw him ; indeed, I'm
considered a very good judge of a norse.
COMMISSIONER—No doubt of it. It seems, my good
man, you got astride a norse, as you call it, and either you
was frightened at the horse, or the horse was frightened
at you ; or probably he was too good a judge for you.—
(Laughter.) In either case 7s. 6d. was no great price for
the hire of a horse, and having paid it, you cannot be
allowed to recover it on such a frivolous pretext.
The plaintiff gathered up his white kid gloves, and look-
ing unutterable things at the Court, strutted out of it with
very nearly two yards of wounded feelings.
