AMERICAN PAPERS.

Boston Papers have been received to the 12th of
November, and Halifax to the 20th.

In the,e papers we have the American official
stateMent of the action with Genorttl Vrockor.
This document, signed by General Harrison, is
very prolix, occupying upwards of three columns.
The Americans; who acknowledge themselves to
have been superior in numbers to the British,
claim a decisive victory; but the particulars arc
extremely diffuse ; the result is but imperfectly
detailed. The dispatch says,
" 1 left the army before an official return of
the prisoners, or that of the killed and wounded,
was mule out. It was, however, ascertained,

LONDON,
84TUI?DAY. DJ CR MBE R 05, 1813.

tire lean, from our Correspondent at 1-larwichi

that
,a FRENczt GENTLPMAN has arrived from
liolhind on an important mission to our Govern-
MeDt. We can at present say nothing further.

In the continued abgence of official accounts
from Lord WELLINGTON- , we rejoice to find that
rumours from every quarter tend to confirm us in
the opinion we formed, upon. the perusal of the
French Papers, that the British army had signally
defeated the enemy. In a Second Edition, last
night, we noticed the prevalence of a report, that
Sir R. HILL had crossed the Adour, and Lord
Wr.Lt.n.twrox himself taken a position on the
13th which threatened to cut off the retreat of
SOULT to Bayonne, whence he bad advanced
too far to his left on flisparen. If this news
can he depended upon, and our excellent. Com-
mander had by any manamvre interposed a
column between SOULT and his entrenchments, it
is evident that a desperate conflict must have
been the consequence, either in the event of the
latter attempting to force his way back to Bay-
onne, or retreat discomfitted by our right towards
Pau. The factl we had previously laid before the
public are, however, the latest that can be de-.
pended upon. There are besides, numerous let-.
tars from Ireland, all of which rest upon a com-
munication had with a brig from Passages off the
Tiocar, and certainly, do not bring intelligence
further down than 11th, as appears by-the fat
lowing_extract from the Pafriot Dulain Newspa-
per of the 2jth,
Saturday Night, .Dee. 18.

" I this day spoke off the Tom with a brig
" from Passages, and was informed: that there
" bad been hard-fighting between Marquis WaL.
" LINGTnN and SOULT on the 9th, upon which
" day the enemy had retreated a league---on the
" 10th and 11 th, the contest was renewed, and
" Bayonne besieged. Froni this circumstance I
" am led to conclude that the result was favour-
" able to our army, although it was not known
" at Passages.
In addition to the alrne, we are informed by
" another Correspondent, that the Captain of the
" vessel was himself a spectator of these affairs
" The enemy was &ilea a league and a half from
" the ground occupied by him on the 9th. On
" the 10th it did not appear to him that any ad •
" vantage as to position was obtained by the Al-
" lies ; and the battle4d the 11th was -still con-
" need when be left the port of Sara, on the
"evening of that thy."
To this the Waterford Afirror of the 20th adds,
Au.tp..0t.i401002-s- of th• nitiong twQ__supkgse

alto the source of the preceding) from the River
of St. lean !le Luz, whence he sailed on the llth,
states that " on the 7th the Allies expected to
p:►ts the .dour by surprise, but were foiled by the
vigilance of the enemy. On the 9th, at 4 o'clock
in the morning, the passage was effected, and se-
vere Fighting took place during that day, at the.
close of which the French t'crc driven back cue
league and an half. Captain JONES had frequently
seen Lord WsLuNcToN before his deputure.---
His Lordship appeared to be in perfect health and
spirits."

We this day continue our Extracts from Frank-
fort Gazettes, a complete series of which are in
our possession. Our readers will ,rejoice to soe
that Count BELLEGARDE, who so pre-eminently
distinguished himself with SUWARROW in the glo-
rious campaign of 1799, is appointed Guneralissi-
mo of the Austrian forces in Italy. In that
country the affairs of the AllieS continue to be
most prosperous. The Tyrol, it will. be guessed

from the admissions in the French Papers, is in
the right way to recover its liberties.

We give to-day further extracts from the Arne*
rican Papers. The Chronn thisic/e,lqike uarßteuro,:4ArAkto,
a fineey t e
black
delightsttpifoses to
theret7 is rnit s
spot for the Ills'lalleer:"it s
hence of Party k
ianl sf
at rxa, t i on inhci
other
enrot
matters
gs
to dwell upon. 1 we
ceort tug ),
have this morning a laboured tirade against the Ac
m
equally responsible. In support)froei.velnso, telt
ish tti
cloeirlytan:.:aeet
Hf
we are told that Captain BARCLAY, "COTISCIOOS
of what must inevitably happen," .f( devoted hito7
self cheerfully" to destruction on Lake Brie, "
to
'attempt opening the communication by water, 41
order to prevent General PROCTOR'S army atitiq, •
own fleet frond starVing."
This is droll logic. The Chronicle is a bad boa
at getting up this new Quintus Curtius—and it i 5
not easy to see how the inevitable loss of his 00'9
flotilla at one end of the Luke could at all (in Capt.
BARCLAY'S mind) better the (condition Of GenCiBl
PROCTOR at the other ! '
In the same happy and convincing strain ocrex-
.
-son.tug, we are told. that TEAU;!:SRCIT, the great
Indian Chief, and many hundreds of his Warriors,
stuck to our troops to the last, and will probabt
rl
be exterminated. What a national disgrace, to see
such men ruined, by following our fortunes iP
spite of all the intrigues of the enemy."
and, in truth, though at the
'word " inevitably,"
tnollest 7ult::n7nogredoll.:lyPresxb:l)ballYtg"edw6fouria thi:velothlenCvnr
e:
transposed.- As they stand- it is really too sever
distance of 30 or4Ohalivneesh,
ewene :;nsnonitnebe4icpciitni;i-
gining, that theyti
./ity—a probability of the upon
anisnetoreipmrpotbanein positive ." national disgrace"
nicle's own making too, whose contingent
'tic disasters, we are happy to say, very rarelY

come to pass.
The Chronicle has also found out, that Sir, J.
YEO is blockaded in Kingston " by an, immel:se/1
superior force." and (kind creature !) exproses
hope, that his fleet may be
presqvcd from (la'
structiou. We will relieve it's fears by poiitivelY
iCC
contradicting the statements on which. 66'
founded. The residue of this tissue of malignant
toll), is all of the same quality. A single slouPs
complement would have been sufficient.ta anui"
hilate the enemy at Sackett's Harbour ! •
driveller, he raves !

A „misunderstanding has arisen on .the eNi)es-
- of I.luoKArAcrE's Speech, whether 110461`.
ties were to cease as the natural result of his ."011-
herence to the preliminary bases. proffered 11
the Allies." We never dicl, and never can belie°
that an Armistice would ensue as a consegfience
of the negociationi g
on. Were such to be
the ease, the ,battle keipsig would inve bars
fought in vain ; and the Confederate; have she"' Is
that they knew their 'man too Well to allow bia►,
to delude them into so gross an act of pulit ictd
consistency. The. intercourse heretofore has 11;°11C,
no further than projects and counter-projects on.
:which any congress for peace might be : f°"1" .
; but even Were these agreed to (which j*
very dubious), the Allies would not' surrend".
the advantages in their power without ese.'es"
sive sacrifices both in Italy and theNetherla
tis
on the part of the enemy.

We resume the consideration of 13uotorAtcrioi
Speech, which we were unable to bring to a con'.
elusion yesterday. That oration, though it spe'tils
of peace, it will be- observed, is by no Means pk
cific. The untamed and untaroahle savagenv"
of nature which has heretofore marked the bIV
`'°`)
course of the Usurper, breaks out wher ever
is opportunity ; and,. with accent, 'of moderation,
on his tongue, there is sufficient 1
cYiticocc:of thd
deadly malignity rankling, in his heart, arv,j."'
unbroken ferocity which agitates 'his bregst•
ward.s France and the Allies, cirri instaaces b_

klt jri
~

Flom,
spare

i 1 rra 4 t

After
14t1 le
4114 at

Of tt
ts 4
t

I~+ati~li
~~~ht

ItDu,
t
1.
'IA of

t.
.ry 11

'llNpij

ttliils ,

10end
The
Intel!!

lii wila

r'►l)l C.
n'rrit
(lei y

Aossilyi
Ole ho

r_olo n
tile idc

Tti

f ..
"tatio

'A th,

tri(),l,,n

And cii

tqstt ii

tti
the ca
flier, t
fore a
14411 RI

Nren,

dev)

41:24ce I
4:ranee
, omtl

lands
7.

the,

°°Urse

11111rder
liateful

'Pe(i
,

Wit
4.11/0.141
ere expi
let then
by (testi'
letki„g

feel him to employ, language foreign to his
,I sentiments; and, master as he is of simnla-
11' apd deceit, he could not so tir overcome the
terucss Whis feelings as to conceal altogether
,I. Pangs of rage, disppOintment, and revenge
*5 prey upon his soul.
iThe original documents of the intercourse be-
ten him and the Confederates, on the subject
the preliminary bases, arc to be laid before a
fittukee of the Legislative Body, and the Orators
'4 t 6 be to them sue oracles of the will of their
L'tet ' For these papers we look with impa-
:'!uei they will thaw new light upon the poli-
' l'4lll4stein of Europe.
:j%
0 next paragraph is of greater depth in im-
. )11 than at first meets the eye :---
4OS may sitie there is no obstacle to the re-establishment
l'esce• I know and liartake all the sentiments of the
. er'4"-I Bay of the French, because there is not sue of
,i:ebuesivseeiiiildc
edeostfretpheeac,elleietstlitiempirileieesofibnoutohuirs,':iuota.
°L The assurance of there being no obstacle
°Petice on his side, is what is, and may be safely
t
ven by every Belligerent on Earth. The mea-
-I)thei:tg 1-:
everyl.4 c i :en!' 'el .
inion, that the
:litel:ettavtulisifit;o;sf;itii!iinies)
eeiA,-siasgioAteitrrretaii.,:,),,hdni
:ttliiefs:s:ailoie;faorbtlo!pe,
ilone ' L of his adversary
111 i Is the obstacle in the way of returning
'll-et. Of the truth of the next member of the..
Mkt:eh ~.
i., ° we entertain more than doubts : that
`the 1.
Pent knows the sentiments of the French,
'lt teener of his
present conduct evinces ; that he
llttotskes of these sentiments, the whole tenour Of
6is life contradicts: He kn,.,ws the French want .
Pea 1
.er, and therefore he submits to flatter them
'slit, the hope of obtaining it ; but if he par-
k of their wishes, if he had ever felt a
Ni_lno.ri interest with ' them, • the
:Spam, incontrovertibly for personal
ellll the 1111 d invasion of RUSSia'
:nthiettial system against Englai)d,
unjust . war
ambition
the wild anti-
which aimed
ot initiring us through the sacrifice of every en-
iltYment by France, in fine, all the sanguinary
J, euggles of time last twelve years would have been
t'red ; be might, as Consul, have, conducted
after
ii the wasting fury of. the Revolution subsided,
Ilf'd !ler► through the paths of honest policy
sld
''„
b ''lleahle relations with other States, to' great
i,r4iPel'ity and happiness. Rut he has not done
ti
'l'• Raving no sympathies congenial with those
u. Rance, he has plunged her into incessant
114sAtinl nnecinalled in6eriesto gratify 11',s. own
Leh6h passions—to subject country after country,
"'t to Peones, nut to himself, that he might ag►
trintlize his own ignominious family, that he
night place upon one throne the Attorney Jo.
Ittlr, on another the wife-deserting JEROME, 011 a
third the robber MueAT, and so through the Mg
44 of banditti and assassins,while he degraded the
t'll name of King, provide suitably . for every ac-
nligtce who rose with . him to power, on the
etlit's of all that was venerable for antiquity and.
IPlentlid for virtue in France. ,

Tile last branch of this paragraph .is not very
-nteiltligillte If it means that. the French have as-
:i`"ed ~honour" With his rule,
.and have the
"rinua of . that high qnd chivalrous senti-
-7 eat with himself, in the name of our species, we
°ern/ the
n'sumption. We especially deny the
.111°8sii)ilitY of any true Frenchman believing that
e annour of his country is consistent with ,the
1411"ged sovereignty of the Corsican, or that
kt idea of an honourable peace is connected' with
the
renlization of the personal projects of the
"Irßnt. They see around them the dreadful re-
f'itati°°,—thev feel in the dismal' vacuities which
ab their hearths of cheerfulness and joy,—they
rli
)11111iu the losses they have sustained in friends
:Id' children, and fathers and husbands,—they
:itste in the bitterness of poverty, aild the wretch-
tlii"n d slavery,;--they have proof- in the unit-
edthe of. the world against theni,—that
c4ase of the honour of their Despot is
'diet)
tO their own. Else, wherefore is theii:
f " filled with sorrowings for the slain, where'-
are they become as viperS in the eyes'
wherefore are myriads of awned nations
entrenched upon their 'very, frontier, and the sword'
c't desolation and slaughter, red with blood on the
1.?. 4 happy domain ,of the Lily ?—but because
trance is faithless to herself, and 1110 'suffered a
1, "finer in birth and affections to estrange her
'.°llll the social system of ',Europe, to break.the
t Ns asunder by which her Citizens were linked
‘l.O the rest of the workl, and by an unparalleled
iiltur3e of 'treachery and fraud, and violence and
halt4v,t rentler them, as his vile instruments,
2ful ° the earth, and oblige the rest of their
Cies to join in common league against them
lit:wit-preservation.
e reservation. It is thus the..:hanour Of
fir"'P'ErrE, which they have pursued till they
eitiiellcd from the pale of the social compact :
i; then) restore themselves to their proper sphere
d
"E°Ying the source of their: calamity, and
leekine

they resume their rank, Ind the entire population
of the globe rejoice in their fellowship.
We yesterday shortly animadverted on the de-
mand for new sacrifices. The ;agorae:W(or their
necessity is politiCally wise. No nation can ex,
pect a favourable peace unless she negoeiates.with
such a force in the field as demonstrates her abi-
lity to prosecute war with vigour and effect. Still
the sound,must be horrible to the People to whom
it is addressed. Could they be assured that this
was their last sacrifice ; that the victims now re-
quired were only for pomp and shew, to crown
the horrid spectacle atter the hecatombs who have
been immolated on the prodigious altar of insa-
tiate ambition ; could they but deceive themselves
into the hope that it was only to secure tran-
quility that these preparations for strife were
made, then might they deck out their children in
the trappings of triumph, and for once with gra-
titude bug the, demon of conscription to their
bosoms. But their fears surmount their !lopes,
and they know the character of their Oppressor
too well not to he convinced that if he has the
power, if his hands are armed, th,yrr„, is no rest for
them,' no safety for others. In our view of

things, the agreement of the Allies to nego-
tiate has unhappily enabled the Usurper to
delude the people with greater promise of a
ge-
ncral pacification—had he not acquired this
potent engine to work on the popular mind, we
are convinced that the celebrated Dynasty NA-
POLE(ISI WOUld scarcely bare diigraced the Freneh
Nation at the beginning of the approaching year.
Upon the financial question we are precluded
from entering
_by the extent to which it would
lead us--suffice it to say, that it well becomes
him to depreciate loans who can obtain no credit,
and to contemn paper-money, whose promises 'to
pay could obtain no believers.
We shall now hasten to dismiss the other points
in this Speech as shortly as possible. B.uOsIA.
PARTE assures us that he is satisfied
.with his (his!)
people of Italy—so are we ! If Denmark and
Naples, or rather the besotted King of the former,
and the upstart agent of the tyrant who con 7
trouls the latter, remain faithful to him (ot which
with regard to one, at least there is great reason
to be doubtful) we say let them be punished for
it. Policy, and Justice, and Wisdom, and Mo-
rality, demand it. AMerica.teo, as .she merits his
eulogium, so does she deserve the reproaches of all
who are the friends of liberty among mankind. But
that wretched Government has to receive a long
Wreltr of v engesaeu front- Britain on liar own ac-
count. Sorry we are that the payment has been so
long deferred. Our opinions on the subject of the
neutrality of Switzerland are toq; well known to
require repetition here—we shall, however, take
occasion to return to this important queStion of
national policy and public law.

The Speech then concludes in a style worthy
of the most inveterate foe to ,England, and of the
mast arrogant ImpOtor that ever cheated a cre-
dulous world :---

" You are (say* be to the Senators, Counsellors, and De-
puties) the natural organs of this throne: it is for you to give
an example of energy, which may recommend ourgenera-
tion to the generations to .come, Let them slot say of us,
',Thcy have sacrificetl the Gest interests o►f their country !
They have acknowledged the laws which England Aae in vain
flPfght, during four centuries, to impose on l'raneel'
" My people cannot fear that'the policy of their Emperor
will ever betray the national glory. On my side, I feel the
confidence, that the French will he constantlywerthy gi them-
selves, and of ALE I"

Let us, Countrymen, and let our Allies receive
astruction from au enemy. Let them not say of

" They have sacrificed the' best interests of

their Countries !, They have acknowledged the
laws (the laws dooming thou► to cifirkness and
slavery) which Fiance has, in vain, for centuries,
sought to impose on all the Nations of the Garth."
Let it never be told of us, that, after all our
gloriotis resistance, after our years of toil and,
oceans of blood, we were made the dupe of a
crafty Tyrant, and • stopped, in the full career of
victory to put it again in his power to rivet those
chains which an unanimous rising of every people
had ,just broken to pieces. Let vs het hope for bi mi-
lac unanimity to repel similar designs hereafter.

Let us not delude outselVe, and knowing the
difficulties, the dangers, and the losses which have
attended this consummation, close our vision
against the light ottruth and reason, expect' mo-
deration from a mind notoriously incapable Of it,

mercy from a heart which never experienced the
touch of pity, justice from a soul which has
spurned at every moral obligation, or repose Irma
a tyrannical Usurper, whose elevation has been
tumult and butchery, and whose possession of
power must be secured by the same means.
4( Crowns got with blood, must be with blood maintained."

Advices were received in town yesterday from
the Hague of the 2.lst inst. They contain no
prominent feature of intelligence. NOne of the
strong places in possession of the enemy had fallen
since the previous accounts. nor had the Texei
fleet surrendered. The French were in occupa-
tion of Zealand, and continued with great activity
rn strenffthca the tortificatiouL
