ANTI-SLAVERY MEETIN G.

(THIS DAY.)

A Meeting of the Deleg,t,',; from the various Anti-slavery
Societies was this morning held at Brown's Coffee-house,
New Palace-yard, for the purpose of taking into consideration
the course which the friends of the negroes ought to take, in
consequence of the declarations made last night in the House
of Commons by Sir George Grey on the part of the Govern-
ment. There was a very full attendance, between two and
three hundred delegates being present. Mr. Blair was called
to the chair.

Mr. GEORGE THOMPSON thought it was now necessary that
the assembled delegates should make it known to the Govern-
ment that Sir George Grey was mistaken when he supposed
that his Bill would allay the agitation of the country upon the
great question of Negro Emancipation. It was not for him
to say why the Government was opposed to the people on this
subject—whether it was the fault of their intellect or of their
hearts. The country might as well have a Cabinet of West
Indians, with Gladstone and Borthwick at the head, as the
present Colonial Administration, with Glenelg and Grey.—
( Cheers and laughter.) He cared not what professions
of humanity and religion individual members of the Govern-
ment might make at Stroud and Devenport, or Exeter Hall ;
they had to deal with them in their collective capacity, and
they should tell them, before the division of to-night, that they
would oppose them.—( Cries of "We will, we will.") He
denied that there was, or there ever had been, any contract.
The Imperial Parliament had fixed the price of the slaves'
emancipation at twenty millions. They never consulted the
planters. When the apprenticeship was agreed to, it was said
that the object was not to benefit the planter, but the
negro himself. The negro now asked to be relieved
from that benefit, and the planter acknowledged that it was
a benefit conferred in fraud—conferred upon him, the planter,
not upon the negro.—( Hear, hear.) The pale-skin, slave-
driving oligarchy now claimed it as a right to publish their
own shame. The avowed object of the Umancipation Bill
was to benefit the condition of the negro ; but it had failed to
accomplish that object by its own imperfection, and the sub-
tlety and malignity of the planters. He believed in his con-
science that there really existed no contract • if there did it
was unholy, and ought to be broken, when they asked
for the freedom of their brethren.—( Hear, hear.) That
women should be spared from the lash—that the sceptre of
Victoria the First should be swayed in justice and mercy.—
( Hear, hear.) Such were the demands of a weeping race—
a petitioning nation and an insulted God.—(Cheers.) He
concluded by moving the following resolution:—
" That as her Majesty's Ministers have, in the progress of
the debate on the negro apprenticeship, urged the strong ne-
cessity of putting an end to the excitement without doors,
under the idea that passing Lord Glenelg's Bill will settle the
question and preclude the possibility of all further agitation,
the delegates, assembled from all parts of the kingdom, do
feel it their duty thus solemnly to declare, that the passing of
Lord Glenelg's Bill will rather increase than diminish the na-
tional excitement in behalf of the oppressed negroes, an ex-
citement which, as it is founded on the highest religious prin-
ciple, can never be terminated but by that issue which reli-
gion, justice, and mercy imperatively demand."
Mr. ALEXANDER, in supporting the resolution, reprobated
in strong terms the insincere conduct of Sir G. Grey, which
he declared to be that of a .hired advocate.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. A. gave way to
Mr. BERKLEY, who seconded the resolution.
The Rev. Mr. ROBINSON, in supporting the resolution,
compared the contract which subsisted between the Govern-
ment and the planters to that which bound together the Thugs
in India.
Mr. ALEXANDER moved a resolution to the effect that her
Majesty's Ministers had forfeited the confidence of the country.
Mr. BURT seconded the resolution. He agreed with Mr.
Alexander, in characterising the conduct of Sir George Grey,
as that of a hired advocate; and he declared, that when he
last night saw him hold out his hand, he thought he saw the
bribe in his palm.—( Cheers and laughter.) A responsibility
had been attempted to be thrown on those to whom no respon-
sibility belonged.—( Hear, hear.) What had they to do with
the West India planters or the Local Legislature ?—( Hear.)
They looked only to those to whom the administration of Go-
vernment was entrusted, and who would say that the sentence
of an insulted and indignant nation ought not to be passed
upon them.—( Cheers, and cries of " Order.") It was im-
possible that an Act of Parliament could be viewed in the
light of a contract. He had never heard an Act of Parliament
5,3 termed before, and he thought the phrase had been artfully
used by the supporters of slavery, under the impression that it
would act as a sort of talisman or spell on a commercial com-
munity.__( Hear, hear.) The trick, however, would be in-
effective, and he hoped this meeting would not separate without
some expressions of their displeasure at the conduct of her Ma-
jesty's Ministers.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. BOULTREE said, that notwithstanding the declaration
of the Government against them, and the attempt to de-
feat them by tricks and chicanery, they would succeed by
unity, determination and perseverance.—(Cheers.) Mr. B.
was proceeding to refer to the part which he had taken in the
discussion yesterday, when he was called to order by the
Chairman, and he sat down after expressing his concurruence
in the resolutions before the Chair.

Mr. TI OMPSON begged to say one word in reference to
what had fallen from a delegate near him. He did not know
whether or not an Act of Parliament was to be considered
in the light of a contract.

Mr. S'C'ALIS said that if a motion of this sort had been pro-
posed yesterday he should have been disposed to resist it ; but
having heard Sir G. Grey's speech last night in the House of
Commons, he could not refuse his assent to it. No one who
had heard what had fallen from that Hon. Baronet but must
have regarded it with indignation and abhorrence.—( Cheers. )
Mr. BALDWIN said that he thought he was entitled to say a
few words on this subject—( Hear, hear)—for if they had fol-
lowed the course which he had advised on the preceding
evening, and on which he, Dr. Greville, and the Irish
Delegates, stood almost alone—had they directed their
just sentence against the Administration that had so deter.
minedly, and so insultingly, set itself against those who stood
forward in vindication of the claims of outraged hu-
manity, Sir George Grey would not have dared to utter
the language attributed to him in the report of the Commons'
debate. He had warned Mr. Buxton in 1833, and he now
repeated his warning, that nothing would do with officials but
plain speaking and firm persevering action ; and as a delegate
from the important city of Dublin, even if he stood
alone, he would move a resolution, that the existing
Administration by its tone of defiance against those who
took the lead in the great question of Negro freedom,
was unworthy of the confidence and support of the' constitu-
encies throughout the United Kingdom.
Mr. BASS objected to the resolution, because ho thought
they had no right to pledge the whole Christian community
to it.—(Hear, hear.) There might be some who dissented
from them in opinion, and he thought it too sweeping an asser-
tion to say that they represented the feelings of the entire people.
Dr. MANUEL would venture to take upon himself to say,
that they did represent the general feelings and opinions of tho
community.--( Hear, hear, and cheers. )
Mr. FOSTER thought the resolution shculd be confined to a
censure on Government with respect to this particular mea-
sure alone. The resolution, as now framed, expressed a want
of confidence with respect to the general policy of Govern-
ment, and he thought that if it was carried in its present
form, it would be stating their opinion that the Govern-
ment were unfit longer to hold office.—( Hear, hear.)
Now this he thought was going too far, and it should also be
recollected that it was from this Government alone they had
ever obtained any mitigation of the horrors of slavery.--
( Hear, hear.) He thought they had no right to express an
opinion, with respect to any other than the question before
them, and he should therefore move that these words be added
to the resolution, " for the settlement of this measure."
The Rev. W. GILES said, that the language of Sir G. Grey
had been so insulting towards them, that they could not express
their indignation against him and his colleagues in terms of too
strong a nature.—( Hear, hear.) Ex uno disce omnes—they
had a right to presume that he would not have used such
language if his sentiments were not participated in by the other
members of the Government, and he thought that very little
delicacy ought to be observed towards them. The Hon. Bart.
had presented slavery to them as if it was a gentle lamb which
they were to nurse and fondle.—(" Hear, hear," and laughter. )
Now this reminded him of a caricature which he had seen the
other day of the Queen sitting on an animal.--( Loud laughter,
and cries of " Order.")
A DELEGATE asked if there was any question before the
Chair.—( Hear, hear. )
Mr. GILES said that he should not proceed further than
merely to say, as there was a difference of opinion as to whe-
ther or not the course they were now pursuing, was that which
would be agreeable to the people at large, that it was his
opinion it was the very line of proceeding which they would
wish them to adopt.—( Hear, hear.)
The CHAIRMAN asked if the amendment were seconded.
Several gentlemen started forward for the purpose of
seconding it.
Mr. WILSON thought they were only frittering away the
time of the meeting, in disputing with respect to this point.
The resolution referred only to this particular question.
Mr. CROPPER suggested the alteration of the resolution by
the addition of the words, " If Ministers persevere in this line
of conduct."

Mr. BALL thought the resolution would be very much
weakened by the omission of the word preferred. The con-
duct of the Government had bee* marked by falsehood, mean-
ness and audacity, to an extent that he had never beforQ wit-
nessed.--( Cheers.)
_ _

---
Mr. M'Cal.t., thought the way in which they had been pre-
cipitated into this resolution was not very creditable to the as-
sembly, nor in accordance with their usual demeanour. If
they came to such a resolution it should be with the utmost
stillness and order.—( Hear, hear.) They ought not to
commit themselves to a syllable that in twenty-four hours
they might think too strong.—( Hear, hear, hear.) His power
as a delegate was entirely confined to one object—the emanci-
pation of the negroes in 1838.--(Cheers.) In the Govern-
ment there were many men of the highest character, and of
the most unquestionable humanity, and he thought their con-
fidence ought still to remain unabated with regard to their
characters.—(" Hear, hear," " No, no," and great confusion. )
Mr. FOSTER thought that if the resolution were passed, the
greatest division among the delegates would take place.
Mr. G. THOMPSON suggested the propriety of inserting in the
resolution the words" should her Majesty's Government perse-
vere in their present course of proceeding."—( Cheers, and " No,
no.") They had done wrong in allowing for an instant their
party political feelings to get the better of their judgments.—
( Hear, hear.) No gentleman should take it up as a political
resolution.—( Hear.) They ought to speak as the Christian
friends of the negro, having one object and one hope : and be
believed the intention vias to say the present Administration,
on the question of negro slavery, had log the confi
deuce and the support Of the Christian 00WItry,—
