COURT OF ALDERMEN.

THE POSTPONEMENT OF THE KING'S CIVIC COURT.
On the gth inst. tv Court of Aldermen was convened upon
urgent business, and as It was believed that the part which Al-
derman Sir Claudius Stephen Hunter, Ham, took in advising
his Majetty's Ministers to make certain preparations for the visit
to Guildhall, the Court was, at the appointed hour, extremely
well :Mended. It appeared that the City Magistrates met for two
purposes —firt, to investigate the grounds upon which the re.
preseutaiions which were said to have had the effbct of prevent-
Mg the Royal visit were made; and secondly, to gise directions
to the police as to the course to be adopted on any emergency
that might occur. It Was evident to all who saw the members of
the Court before they entered. that they felt deeply the wound
which was inflicted tmon the Corporation.
The LORD MAYOIt having taken the Chair,
. . _

Alderman WAI'IHMAN said he considerid it matter of
paramount necessity that the Court should be distinctly Informed
of the grounds upon which any representations were made to
Government relative to the appointed visit of his Majesty to the
citizens of London. Ho wished to know whether the Lord
Mayor had had any foundation whatever fur the letter Which he
had addressed to the Duke of Wellington, beyond common
rumour, and the anonymous representations; of which locution
had been already made, and whether any documents existed, or
inquiry had been instituted by ticivernment respecting those
r. resentatio, s ? _ _ _

The LORD MAYOR said be certainly had rrceived no other
information thp.o that which had already appeared before the
public. It was, he declared, a great source of regret to him that
so'unfortunate an event had occurred as that which the citizens
of London were deploring, but he little thought that the courre
he had pursued would have been considered in the slightest
degreeinstrumental. He should never cease to lament the dr.
cumstancr, but he put It to the Court, without whose cordial
approval he never again shoal act in any emergency, whether
having acted as an individual, and made a private en:mimic:l.
tifin to the Duke of Wellington, be had any reason to t hink that
his letter would have been productive of such a result as had
bunt witnessed.

Alderman W A ITHMAN said the Lord Mayor had very can.
didly acknowledged the part'Whicla he had taken on the occa.
Mon; and the Court were perfectly convinced that however they
might lament tie his Lordship had t ken such a step, it was
quite clear to them that he had not acted from an unworthy
intention; that in fact it was, upon his Lordship's part, a mere
error ofJudgment.—(Hear, hear.)--So far as regarded the Lora
Mayor, it must be admitted that his Lordship had on the oeca.
lion alluded to acted in his individual capacity, not representing
the Court of Aldermen, or the Chief Magistrate, but taking
upon filmset, the whole responsibility for his communication...,
It, however, "was necessary for that Court to know, as the rho.
racter of the city of London was implieded, what commu.
Mention had parsed between Sir Claudius Stephen Hunter and
the Government on .the subject.—(Hears hear.)—He was deal-
rous to know whether the lion. Baronet had made any repro.
sentatlons to Government, expressive of a belief that the
city police was inadequate to the maintenance of the peace on
the day of the visit?
Sir C. S. nuNTErt said he mist assuredly had said no such
thing.
Alderman WAIMMAN asked whether the Hon. Baronet
had represents-d himself to the Government as deputed by the
Court of Aldermen to make whatesier communications he had
thought proper to make? . • %I;
Sir C. S. H NMI. said he hail not. He had communicated
with the Government-as the Neem knots of the Lord Mayor,
and the Chairni'dfi.efthe rektilaittee of Aldermen.
Here several Metobers.MW4tigurt declared that the Hon.
Baninet.was not the
,04 mum of. the Committee of Aldermen,
that the chair was ty 'find indiscriminately taken by the
Members of the Court, and that it had been lately occupied by
Aldemnan Scholey and Alderman Atkins. There was then a
general request made by the Court that Sir C. S. Hunter would
state the facts:_____
. .

it TCRUNTEU, then made a speech which most 'of his
brother Aldermen considered the most extraordinary they ever
heard, inasmuch as it contained assertions to almost every one
of which It also gave a denial. The time occupied in this cx.
planatory statement Was of great duration, and the materials
were of such a nature as to baffle all attempts of his brother
Aldermen to' reconcile, or indeed to comprehend. A BET a reat
deal of questioning, they, seemed to agree that the worthy tiara.
uet (sabred the following as an explanation of the Immense body
of words he had uttered :
A greet deal of conversation took place on the Saturday at the
office of the Secretary of Slate, whore he met the Lard Mayor
elect, between Sir Robert Peel and himself, but where not one
word was said to him about the letter of the Lord Mayor elect.
Mr. Peel, in the course of the conversation and after talking
the subject over and over, raid that his Majesty must have an
escort into the city, and that it would be necessary that the mill.
tary should be headed by live MeMbers of the Court of Alder.
men, who should be in attendance at eight o'clock in the morn.
lag to take their stations; that the military should he kept in
secret places in diffbrent parts of the city, rind by no means be
brought out except on eMergeney, and that the Aldertnen who
were to take the command of the soldiers should remain on
duty until the streets were cleared of the mobs; that one City Ma-
gistrate should attend his Majesty upon horseback, and that as
Sir C.S. Hunter With the locum teams of the Lord Mayor, he
should be the person distinguished by thus persoaaily waiting
upon the King.
It was with a greot deal of impatience the Court listened to
this most singular representation.
Alderman COPELAND begged to know whether the Hon
Baronet did not propose to borrow a white charger belonging to
his majesty's stud, to appear upon with due elf stet at the head of
the military ?.
Sir C. SAIUNTEIt said, in reply to this question, that as
locum keens of the late Lord Mayor, he naturally expected to
attend upon his Majesty, and that he had determined to do so as
became his station.
A great number of questions were put to Sir C, S.. Hunter,
with the view of eliciting a Irsething, from which to draw an in-
ference as to the part the Hon. Baronet actually played in this
odd drama; but It was all in vain. Every question was answered
by a speech which the whittle Court declared loudly, and unani.
mously, they could by no means comprehend. Aldermen Birch,
Atkins, Venables, and Copeland, tried by the most Ingenious
miring, to obtain a direct and intelligible explaaatitals but all
was obscurity and mystification. An ap,sval was made to the
Host. Baronet, as a Magistrate of experience, who had many
years ago passed through, the highest honours cf the City, and
who must, since that period, have acquired a notion of the
nature of evidence,—it was argued to him that ho must, from
that experience, be aware that direct questions must receive
answers very dinbrent front the devious and incomprehensible
speeches he had matte when asked the most simple questions.
It was expected that this remonstrance would hart: an effect
upon Sir C. N. Hunter, who assured the Court that he should
give a Nil, elder, and, in his apitilan, unanswerable explanation
of the whole transaction from beginning to end. He then coin.
meneed anew 'and said, that as Mellor lessens for the Lord Mayor
he consideretehimselfjustitied in acting as if he was in.the chair
according to his regular turn, He then ran into a vast field of
extraneous matter, and his brother Aldermen,' In despair, gave
up all idea or getting out of the labyrinth, and questioned him
no more. ,

Alderman MUCH then Toilet and animadyertful In strong
terms upon the canduct Pf Slr t. Hunter, as most officious, ohs
nox lows, an. unwartantable ceteulated to throw an impu.
Litton upon the Ale4lstratqs of theCIIY of Landon, wha had been
kept completely in the dark so to tho eXtrdorainitry nsprements
on the unfortunate necuslim. The whole body of that magic.
traoy woolly disavowed, the transactions in which !he- lion, Ilea.
had been engay,cd, and deeply reprobated them; stud he (Alder-
man Birch) considered that they should adopt some course of
Strongly promulgating their feelings on the subject,
Alderman COPELAND was precisely of the aims opinion.—
The Court was bound, to act m such a manner as would show
that they deprecated a course co wholly unrearooable and
beetle. •

Sir C. S. HUNTER then agitip assured the, Court that he
should go directly to the question, and nut turn an Intik oc of
the Ivey but he went on in the same incoherent shill
the Court having arrangements to unti:tf {{built' The police,
quitted tho subject without eAntit.g idny resolution.
„ It is A,4erl Odle fieNer was exhibited .itch a scene In the
‘-ql.q.c4r Alifottfat hn tho reoollection of the oldest Alderman.

DEATiI OF ANOTHER FEMALE PATIENT

OF Alit. ST. JOIIN LONG.

coRONEWS INQUEST ON MRS. LLOYD,

fr iin our Ripor yeinerday.)
rrpot t haying been sworn to ty the four gentlemen
wilo kid *igned
_ _

Mr. Wt;stley asked Mr. Vance if, suppoeing the lungs
of the &courted had been covered by small ulcers on the 6th
of October, when Mr.. Long was first consulted, if he did
not think that there would now be some inilicationSof
them ?—air. Vance said he had no doubt but that there
would on the post mortem examination.
Oue of the Jurymen then asked to what he ascribed the
cause of the death of the deceased ?—Mr. Vance, replied
that be had given lie opinion on his examination on the
preceding day; and on examining the body internally, he
had found nothing to alter his Arm opinion.
One of the Jurymen begged to atk Mr. Vance whethet
admitting that the lungs ul the deceased had been inflamed,.
be would have applied any corrosive medicine to the part
affected?.—Mr. Vance said that he certainly should, under
such circumstances, hove irritated the skin by sulphuric'
oils, and other similar applications. Mr. Vance explained
this, by stating that it often happened that in intern:o,44
cases, for instance, where the kidneys are affected, court'
generally made au effort to unbut then itself upon the loin;:
In the same way eruptions appeared on the lips when tlle
windpipe was affected--nature acting in this way, taught
them how to produce counter irritations, by making app i.:
cations near the parts affected, in order to Wing out tire
some eruptions. This was an every-day practice.
Mr. Vance, in answer to a question put by the Jury,
further stated, that coughs generu;ly attardtd inflamed
lungs. Counter-irritation tuodttately applied, and under
certain circumstances, war certainly not productive of bruin.
By Mr. Witaler—A summon blister frequently produced
mortification.

After Mr. Campbell had shortly stated the treatment
which he had pursued towards Mrs. Lloyd, and which
was described by Mr. Vance as perfectly correct, the Co-
roper read over the whole of the evidenie to the Jury.
Mr. Wooler then said, that the present question was—
h must be—a very important question, as it affected Mr.
Long and the public. As such, he drought that every,
thing that could throW light upon it should be received.
He was about to ask the court whether it would permit
the evidence of witnesses, as to the nature and ch tomtit
of Alr. Long's treatment. lie did nut mean to ask many
questions of them, but simply two or three, in matey()
show how perfectly innoxious it was. It would then be
for them to say, whether blame would he attached to Mr.,
L.mg, if it had proved of so ti
much benefit to others, aii
had only flailed in 'one instance.
The Jury unanimously said here, that they thought ouch
evidence was quite unconnected with the ca.e ; and env
Juror inquired if he were prepared to show that the Nano.,
treatment and the very same lotion had been used towartla
the deceased as with all the other persons?—Mr. Wooler
slid he could not call evidence certainly to ti at particular
fact, only to his general practice.
Mr. Wheatley said that that question had saved hint a
great deal of trouble. He observed at once bow utr,
necessary such evidence was. The embrocation might
perfectly inuoxiour in one instance, and arsenical in tae
other.

The Comma observed, that if they allowed such evi-
dence on one side of the question, they mug allow con.
trary evidence on the other, to show that the treatment
had not proved efficacious. Besides, he di I not tee that
either way it could apply to the present case, 114 they were
only rent to inquire into the death of one particular per..
son, and not the deaths or tieatment of others.
Mr. Wooler observed, that cm line occasion in µ
ease, numerous witnesses were examined as to the general
practice of the medical man ; in fact, two d ilia were con,
sumed in hearing them, and the presiding Judge,. at the
close, inquired if there were any others to he examined .114
to the came fact.

Mr. Wheatley—And every one who was present at the.
trial may recollect how severely the fact of such evideece
having been allowed was commented upon. lleaides, what
one Court dues is not a rule for another.
The Coltman - then decided that such evidendo would
not be received, as it did nut affect the present ewe..
Mr. Wooller.---Very well, thou, I shall only toll two
witnesses to facts immediately connected with the deco teed.,
Mrs. Jane Macilougull, widow of Captain Cohn Mao,.
dotigall, of the 79th Regiment, stated that she at prevent
resided as No. 11, Great Castle-atreet, Oxford-street, but
she generally tesided in the bland of Guernsey ; she was
merely a' bird, of passage in London.
In answer to questions put by Mr. WOollee, the gavu
the followingtvidence :-1 um a relation of the deceased ;
about` tea days previous to the 4th of October Lott, one
Sunday, the deceased c one into Mr. Lens's, where I
heppened to he ut the time ; she said to me, in the pre.
settee of Mr. Long, that she had been. unlikely taken it
in the street, and that she would he obliged if she might
sit down i 3 the hall ; she war so very ill that she was
afraid to Lgo further, and 'she did not wish to go into the
to use, as it would be .aid that Mr. Long had killed her;
she told me that she I 'bowed under an affection of the
throat, and that Mr. Vance had applied caustic to it ; she
at.) begged that Mr. Long might attend her little bay t
nothing further et:curt-A hut she left the house in about
half un hour's time; she went away apparently pretty
well, and re e,wered limn the sudden attack ; about a
week after this I saw her at Mr. Long's, when she told
me that she h id come to place herself under the care of that ,
gentleman, as she had a wry bad sore throat....-indeed she '
said she had an ulcerated throat ; she appearo.l to he very
much oppreesed indeed : she then went in to inhale'with the
rest of the lafieS ; she aterward* went down stair*, and had
an application made to ler throat, front which why told tne'
that she had de. ived very great benefit ; the fthoging day
Sunday, she' again came and inhaled, be.ides having 'an
application made to the throat; I did not see it,' but she
put her band to her throat, and plaid to me, " 1 have had'
an application male a second tune here ;". it mi'Elit bait)
been lower for what I know, but I thought it tr.Ust_ have
been there, ak spoken of the uleeratethhioat ; she
came up stairs immedi &tidy after it, ioid told me that she
felt better ,fiir the application ; alter this I never Ow any-
thini, of her; she never told me that Mr. Lung Was treat.:
lug her for ihflammation of the lunge, but fur an iaberated
sore throat i some time after this, perhaps ti finv days,
Captain Lloyd Came to Mr. Lung's, 'and on my inquiring
or him how Mrs. Llgyd was, sald that she Was v...y
poorly; I myself have been a patient of Mr. Long's, and.
have felt great ben.fit front the course of treatment; 1
have always known those who were under Mr. Laing touch
benefitted.

By Mr. Wheatley-4 have been stayiu4 at Mr. Long's
house for ten days with a cousin of Wile ; I have known
him since last December; the, way in which I became ac
quainted with him, was through a relation of mine, who
had been unary Mr. Long's care ; Was much heitcr, more
Lem Amid than ever the had lean tinier Any ottliq faculty;
I accordingly went with her and becatno a patient; 1 teat
generally in the house every day, as I liappetielYi to Itti a
patient ; I did not recommend Mrs, Lloyd to Mr. Long,
taut I would if I had been a•ked ; I was at the o,ltl
Ses-ions, when I eertitled es to Mr. Long'v tregitment; I
ion a distant cousin of Mrs. ; I mean by lob:ding,
smoking, inhaling ft em tuba ; I cannot tell what; it taste.
like, there are to many diKrent tastes in it.
IV the Coutmult-4t as my firm h leeE tl\ak )e tecatcti
the deceased as he did me, and tioeti Irv,t 01 tlks people
under his care.

Ily a iutylrutn-,:i hkve kaa rlthbeti,, mit! feet the goviti
drecta itri;ift;etbu dlrl het create p3ir,, hut ;the frig.
tio,h re.rt3tuiy and hatar.illy dill do 60•
The Jurgmau ailed, what Wati Ctlitnir 1(4*,i4
_ _

.„ . , . . , ..„.....
i. Thu witness appealed to the Court to 1.0!it..„{ 41 situ weir
bound to answer this, as who hail engcila..ll ot to di tilge it'?
' The CORONER Slid, All
'V rnrii.aiu eweagoticiax ivere Mt-,
persoled by tor ria;ty.
The wii„,osa den 'stated that the colour tar the 1ai4141
%I:aa nillk-White: cacti different time slip Wfyi perfectly
cured by it.
~,, , , ,
By a Jut yono--..1.A44 19,44 Lia ),,,,:4 always or I'ACI. Nome t,,,,,-,
lour ; I Intx# Vi. 4 n raided in the chest, but lin diheliaikt
tool; Phkre, utib-sis the part affected was robbed.
lity a Juryman—The caustic which the il.co,mer‘ WA
had brae applicl by Mr. Vance w.ii applied, ;,,,,,i.kr, too or
three }chili sign,
1 '
'F!o Jury said that this f.',c't *Jo very impartsitt after
What hail been 1.0:14 .• tlii witllll.4 before ; they. bail
thought l'ien titaiiiie application of tic caintic was Drily,iiiiattretinie prior to her gtiiilg to 111 r. 1.1. n. ' '
By the Conon elt—Tha rul,bing did rictr. kia-4 anylii.
convenit nee ; it acted like takin? Q..; skiir tit ;. 14 tilt
like A bliArp CO ; I felt t;•iallor, r,efirmit After treAtt fall
hutch ; it prodortilo Idol of libster, or r 012,,,; 4 pails gt•
' 'l' " '. 1 • ? !I , 1.11 iti
or woe; ;It il.irMll et`t:t%llo ctrl 4 I,tl ,oi ri ii, s .. on.
1,
an 1Y '"
1'11'; v,T4',,,i11.--i v.V,tt ie. air. Li,n,f, a, I w lik
as§ trutiil
t; With, i,,littV.j.it;oll ilt tlie lung* i I have 1,4,, i. ili
,omit t,
r 1,,n0, i'Or tiAret. dill... Vela tiiiiet,—atriee :or a violoot ~;.'0
1 ioid iiillanimation--aliot hi r flow for the see t 1,, i4,<4......
each tit:10111A litilid l'olll,t, was porlito7l „,„,,,',.Ay My, ~,„i
I ullvAyi Tr.:overt d.

This thfr 1.0.1(u..t, tha wit t1P1,..',/ eviiit t
roner letelll,,Atpt th ow lity, oPts.i !or
II( Over in NI vitti,tl4 "9“14.4if tat VI•
tielire %Own e.. 114.11 upon.

Geitrutle No. 4, Grorgo7uttrat,
rar•vimirp, noit sworn--1 knew t 4 decemeil; Own;
too %inet I met liar firo. ;It IL,,nit's. y-
stietti..stin VAN (Attic to fin' an ilid ansi sine

throat ; the witness then confirmed the statement of the
lyst witneas as to the &waved coming into the hill, and
not wishing to go into the, house, for fear that if she died
it wool i be s tid that Mr. Lung hail murdered her.
ness Own said l ow her aft. retards when she had been mi-
ller the 1.14 re Long, aod had felt great ben fit front
the tre 'talent of Mr. Lon. 84oe however nail s'rn hail
nAt..r.Oor red from the rects du 'Mister that she hail had
ori;;rhave hail saute op,oirtuisity of witnessing tte eft'eets
,b 1 this lotion; Lam pestitive it is used with every patient.
thelwilnetts said. in answer to a question aunt tie power
of thelotion, " Oh dear no, it is (Nit, Itarin'e.s ; 1 hays
napd the lotion frequently, and flyer have any thing
but good from it.!' Mr. Ling pasitivelv told the de-
emed thst nothing was the matter with iter lungs ; the
detiessed, always said that her throat wait only affectil.
By Ie Wheuthoy.--I am a confidential -friend of Mr.
61ilert duos not tell inc what is the matter with all
, , . •
tot pitients, but I it.xeu us this instance; sister
Aituroty!cousin have deilvei the greatest benefit from Mr.
~totqes,treatment ; the first, in feet, was restoted to life
by him; Mrs. Lloyd apilarel, when 1 first saw her, to be
IVerflitid ; she was very bad indeed ; f do not think that
she taiu'd hare walked five mike; she was not an ems,
iniatedlOoking person, but she was very pale; except when
,hettige colour rpread over her tone; she walked aril-
dentally into Mr. Long's house, I ouppose. aid she then
ifiattelh'e remark about the murder.—(CrieS -of t Quite
entatillt. quite enougb.")...l htow that CaptaZo tIo)(1 was
a very great liiend of Mr. Lung's.—(Mazes elf s prise. )
At the lime that Mrs. Lloyd walked into t! e house of Mr.
tong; by accident 11r. Lloyd was in a room up stabs.
Oa a selwant informing ibis of this, and the sudden illness
of his wife, he sent wont that site was to e,nie up stairs.
The illo•ased told me thit she had not 'mead to come
in if she had nut been stilt d with illness. Mr. Loot( is
not min rird,—This witness's latter evidence excited a
great pl of surprise.
Rosetta, wife of George Prendergast. ALP., of 2,
Griive4nd.row, Marylebone, saw the de.
ceased for the first time at the inquest of Mis. eoliths; I saw
her a abort time berme she because to, patient of Mr.
Longta; I hare had an opportunity of seeing, the watt.
tire of Mr. Lung. My sou and myself have been
!under bine.

Mr...Wooler. said, that the Wlleeka, had 11111 ItH import-
ant conversation with the husb.id of the di c..artil, but it
'ties not evidence.
Ili Mr. Wheatley--I did not know ;k Long when he
was a painter in Ireland,
Mr. Wooinr theneaid, that lie hail no foither evidence
to 6tlitr,'a+ it had been decided thit Ge rook! not call wit-
n-sses as to character and general treetment. li it had
been-required, he could have brought forwod the evi-
dence of fifty gentlemen, who tvere in attendance, tr
abirw'that the. treatment had generally been pursued with

•lie'Cottowtat then addressed the Jury, and bad them
that the time had at length arr►ved when it was their duty
to take into their serious consideration the evidence that
had been produced before them tonching tb^ death of the
ilereawd Mrs. Lloyd. The case, in his opinion, could be
beonght into a very narrow compose. The matter, in his
view,. 14 their determivation was, whether the iit.ceitse‘l
•lied St natural death, or in eonaequenee of the gees, iglu,-
ranee of the medical teats who attended her. if he had
been either gro.ely ignorant or inattentive, he wee then
guilty of the crime of nunistaghter.
[The COKONaa gild, he would go throtiOt the whole of
the ttvidence if it were require.), but the Jury aid, that
they were satiefwil with whet they had heard already.]
The.' Costosea, after giving the ettbstance of the evi.
denre, hut more particularly that of Mr. Veneer,' who had
said that plubus Aysterieus was seldom final, end that
the'decea•ed appeared to hare come to her tkalk by a Intki
'Notion that haul been eaueed by the appeatimi of some
voyrosiie twitter to the chest mud pinta etreettel.. told the
Jo:y that the only ecinclus4t which they cr►uld draw front
the rei,freee wasp that Mr. St. Jelin Lone haul applied the
rorro.►ve matter that had produced the death of the de-
ceased. The treatment prescribed by tutu ether mediate!
'attendinte was perfectly proper, and blame could only Ito
attache!! to Mr. Lone.
The Jury after this retired for a short time, and then
rattle in with the following widget' vet diet The Jury,
haviin attentively considered the evideuce that has been
before then►, cart come to no tither verdict than that of
Mansleughter egalnet John St. John Lung►."

The Countm then *O4l, that in order that he might
draw up the document before hint properly, he diould
wish+ to know Ott what ground,* they returne►l their ver-
dict!

The Foreman of the Jury *AI, n the principle of
grossignortriet. Th.,y s3y nothing about inattention, us
then! hid nut been Gate between the treatinent pve.rrilied
.14
and the drath tit the deceased. The Foreman ad t 1
thvy had drawn up t protem, whiCh thvY "wishe.i
1114/±e ',oldie. lie Orb te.sit at fullnvesto Tit'e .rut y, in
&lived-rig their %TM diet think it An ineon,bont duty on
th,,rn, on the prEsent important sad undarieholy osvadogn
of stating it or their andemit-ronvietiou, distil)* time u.u+
now desired Inc the Legislature adopting ':inmetha.o Inca.
tium.to prevent say further sacrifice of 'l,uman life, by
stopping persons from acting as surgeons whit were not
duly qualified to act ow u ." (I.owl a lip I3ri su followed
this.)

The Coltman Paid, a% it woos the wish of the Joey—
(from the Jury, " Out most anxious with")—Lbe wuuht
take care that this two documents should go, hotiter with
the r(4' of tito proceedings, to the 'proper Comt.
Mho Jury then put their names to the hatit'of the ist.
tliotinent, aml the warrant against Mr. St. ttlin Lout',
fur manslaughter, was filled up in the Usual way'.
The' proottedings occupied front eleven o'clock in the
motning till six in the main, min were watched with
the greatest anxiety by 4 IlLlol4l'4ltti compo.e.l
of moat respectable persons, some of theat diatinetioit.
The dhow, which tess'kept by the beadle, was. trsquently
forded by persons whiting to beer valott W 4 nn ; moat
the Coroner was sometime* obliged theettOe that he
Nhould he obliged to commit the porintls erowtling in to
Confittentent.

'We have to record smother verdict of Mall-
shiught, r, of which a WOiesatl 11.1144i1l vivtiirt. agairt4
Mr. Sr, Jai.; n LONO., IletWfeti the pesseverios vrusity
Mall, and the tusconqueraitAle ktopi.lity of thaw OH)
submit titspasolven to hie practice*, we bate intt little Ls
'The COtoner's Jury,, 141 in the Mitt. of 114.4
nt least June their duty, io snhjectitit,► the mutter to
the investigation of a Criminal Court.,-Tints,

Our testis's will sec that another verturt. of
Coroner's July ha. !seen isturned against Mr. St. Jolty
boon.. Should a second trial he followed by a r.ettliet of
guilty, it ail not he in the power of Mr. Paler to
eintrer on Mr. ST. Junx Logo an W 1644010, facility to
stall. his Manttay's subject% to a better world, by impuriin
a Ant *llion any Quack would o forint, aiSyglt.
lage.of an advertisetnent.--Noredety OAtiohitekr

'o uutler~lutrcJ,
flan Court Journal or to.
morrow will c0nt4,14 UNIN4II 0114 i othA.-1 tatiCk* of
pecuiiiir ;trot httitiatt interest, espet•i44 c'd irM ditikritt
litid,t)( 0.4 Qtle of " State of Couttai4,4: Peet," Which
1.0,,,,te.4%,.in a mutt hippy vein of toing,teA Wit, mid cake
timeut moment.
..smasher Ntrihing
ut den neculin ittseition of at!, Cie Irthittiq Ouveettmenta
r
ftiturlt ofool7
tahte..t
jlteue,ribel
wilt
he 4
outiotioilo,
,poptilAr valsern Royal am! Notolo
enhjeet Vit gittin Nitnter told it al
`life ()USER VUllt OP Nov. 7 AND 14,--
.
Penton* nut buying the opportnalty of 4,41.111 g
hitins'gte. art 14)Cd'ikluyttett Day are twornmentle,l to halt-
the (Itwietivi! tt,t morrow (SittAuyi Nov. 1); in whiylt
1'011.3,040r ft Pilot of the Interior ttf ut the
ilVia.i.tr hour, with the littlest Pertiettlute of the intenattl
Ceremonies. A l'iecoitil Print Will he given in the Oborver
of finittlity, the 14th, wit it an the concluding, Aveounts of
the Splendid City Uttquet, Thepi lbe tif
itl Sitvenpencs„, Att Edition of the viv.,./re,r ipi revuhst:y
publiiihysk t,thtulrably ailapte4i rt)r y html fervign
eliciAtoion, every Aloollay Afteto,eol, :it Four it"teteeli, ut
Nit, `ltl9, Fritnke tt,:tt O)ecriiitt into tit
Country Gratis.

. .
hle gait th,64 +#l4.l,4aing v, tit be imuttaillav?ly
:141,t,141:4:1411,141:1:114,:14:::t."44:t4:1.1;:ti 4111:Wtt+t)til't):: CRI:OH°:Eild:173161t:ftt!a",;3:14:11y'"ilt1171:11::)4.4:114::1.1i4::":':
who will proceed- to thu Pakto4, in otz,..inot. it 4.413 ii, friatt
it) OW, to SO,(100, in a partieutto taAttta., tool s tol.loct
Om Itoyll foody WWI the .",„Aittisttio to Uri, City. It iv
-propowd that otitilvt I.lQ.4,oillitary talc Il e. vonitithh.lt are to
ottrtoi, hit that tl.ooyal citizen.% hwo to teko the whoh,
Cailege tildet4 dick iintiteliiiktto Paotlectiotti 'who II ill render
tio.y.4l4iii revipinoi.ble 10 14eir itietv.
il pi 1:1-1:0110(: 11;30,1V1,t)iltql,ii.tty.°;1• 1;11'; ttl, fliitTpUrittaii:ttliltiltli:,'ltiipieilll.43offtee ri3itt
ti ~.filii.,Ao oirelie, both tll4l..iii, 'mil woo ii kaqtpyiog Ow coqir
0,14 41161461 44 1j44 the ui4nslui ri,-Agtiill f.looli.‘
and otlwr I '404 opnituvots of whikli iwittg oiNaellf ,11,,,r.
oihle lay' igilta hstaiiy, tuitcloolt to illtahCoultv I, IdLoglshi'l
rayv.,—Aropfing Pliers
A Into bill WAR yei,terdity teorn;ll,, fumill
by the Aliddle•erc Grata! Jury at,, it ~
il.t Mr. t"rt ,''•
KiltitiE, f,P Ott 4.4.1111( upowl 31r. ett4s, Wwth: :4 ‘<::,4 i,,
at VoYittit Oartitz littNttr.

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven o'Ckek.

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OP THIS EVENING.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
HENRY COLSON, Clanton, stage-coach-master.
GEORGE pis Kerr, Peekhara, surgeon.
THOMAS SHEPHERD, Frampton Cotterell, Gloucester.
ahlre, miller.
3 ANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
CHARLES A PPLLION, Northampton, hosier.
BANKRUPTS.
GEORGE ROWE, Shoe-lane, victualler.
JOHN n LEADEN, Lothhury, stationer.
DALE, London-Wall, horse-dealer.
JOSEPH LEVY Strand, dealer in glass.
WILLIAM PRINCE, Grarechurrh-street, city, horse-ileali.r.
DANIEL JONES, Klng)s- Arms-yard, Coleman.streer, mer.
chant.

TIIA TILES BULL, Long(lon, Worcestershire, farmer.
JOHN BARU% Litchfield, Southampton, miller.
THOMAS CHARLES CAWLEY, Axminstar, Devonshire,
ironmonger.
WILLIAM JOHNSON, Newcastie.upon-Tyne, draper.
EDW ARD WI LCOC KS, Exeter, draper. I
ELM ARO STEVENSON, junior, hosier.
WILLIAM 111 lIETSON, Knaresborough, Yorkshire, dyer.
WILLIAM II A RBIS, Cornh il I, optician.
ANGUS M4DONA LD and A RCHIBALD CAMPBELL,
Regent.atreet, army.agents.
RICH AHD FLEMING, flury.street, Hanover4quare, cabi-
net maker.
ROBEIT LAB apw‘yakefield, Yorkshire, lin9-draper.

PHILIP 1111.4., ort.4k-strevt, Soho, picture...dealer.
THOMAS 1.0 yr 1.18, Leeds. Yorkshire, thread-manufacturer.
JOSEPH PitIDEA (TX, Plymouth, Devonshire, timber.
inereliant.

11Vi PERIA L PA RITAM ENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

The Earl of Oaroan and the Earl of ITanainorow
(I-ite Lord Petersham) took the oaths and their seats.
The Earl of ORFORD presented a petition from Kings
Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, praying for the abolition
of Negro Slavery.
Lora TENTERDEN gave notice of the second read;ng
of his Common Law Bills on Thursday next.—Lords to
he summoned.

Lard DURHAM presented petitions against Negro sla,
very from Durham, Stockton.upon-Tees, Bishop Wear-
mouth, Bolten•le-Spring, Natick Wearmouth, and stir r 4
other places.
Lord SPENCER presented similar petitions from
Northampton and Bolton.
The Marquis of BUTS also presented petitions against
slavery from Bolton.
The Marquis of ANGLESEA presented similar Peti-
tions from Caernarvon. . .

The Nottre MAaQuis also pretented a petition from the
uncertifiCated bankrupts confined in the four Murshalsea
Courts in Dublin, praying for the assimilation of the Irish
and English Ilankrupt Law..
The Nona MsaQuis also presented two petitions
from ptrislota in Dublin against the annual grant of
money from Government foo the support of the Kildare.
street schools. The Noble Marquis trusted before any
money was granted by CoVernment fur the uses referred
to by the petitioners, the House would understand bow
that money was disposed of, for he was sure unless there
w,tit an understanding between the two churches, it would
be infinitely better that Parliament ►hould withhold any
assistance whatover,
The Marquises of CLANRICAabit, LANSDOWNI, and
the Earl of, Daaxots supported the petition.
The Marrinie Downsurax and Lord CiallraY ex-
pressed their dissent to. it, observing that the Schools in
question had been greatly productive of good to Ireland,
and that there bad been no misapplication of its funds.
The Marquis of AIVGLESEA had imputed no misap-
pliottion of the Society's funds. He had merely advised
Parliament to know how these funds had been disposed of
before it allowed a further grant.
Tho Marquis of CLANRIGARDE presented aietition
horn Galway to the Name effict.
Earl COMER pareeenied a petition from a perish in
Louth Wales against slavery.
Petitions of a liter nature were presented by the Bishop
of Doh and Wells, from prrisbes in Wilts. Berko, and
Suffolk by Lord Suffield, from a parish in Norfolk.

0110,T SITTINUO

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The ,FleVAltalt took the Choir M Three o'clock.
A greet ritienber Of petitions, iirsying for the abolition
of Negro Slavery, were presented by different Members
horn various parte of the country.
A petition wee presented, compisining,9l en undue re-
turn for tl.e town of Winebebea.
