NORWAY.

Mr. W. Smitir asked, whether it was intended
'to open for dismission the state of affairs between
• Sweden and Norway in the next Session' of -Par-
liament ? lti the' annexation of that Country was
.not filially settled, he hoped measures would be
taken at the Congress toaprevent it.
Lord C,ASTLEREAGH declined giving an answer.
The House Was then summoned to' the .House
of Peers. .

The SP.EAKER, .on his return, rend the Prince
Regent's Speech at the table, upon which the
Members separated. .
, ,

NEW POST-OFFIOE.

The following is the Report of the Committee
to whom, certain Pet itions and Documents relating
to the Post Office" were referred ; and also were
empowered to report their opinions thereupon to
the House, together with the minutes of •the evi,
dence taken before them :

" Hating inspected the said Office, and examined upon the.
spot the pr►ncipal persons ccmcerned in the sereral depart-
meats, and rece►ved such further information as the first head
of their inquiry required, and•the. advanced period of th.e
Session allowed, are of opin►on,

"'That the _Present Post-otiice is insufficient in point of
space and .convenience for carrying ou the extensive and ex-
tending business'of that department: and further`,
"'That it will be unadvisabid to make additions to; the pre-
sent Post-otbee, and that for the purpose of Obtaininvin
Office suitable to all the purposes required, it will he cxpo=
client to re,huild the said Office, either upon the present scite,-
and sufficient ground contiguous thereto, or upon a new scite.
" As this whole matter will probably be again brought be-
fore the House early-iu the next 'Session, your Gommittee
conceive that they May. expedite and facilitate the inqUiries of
any Committee that may then be appointed, by subjoining-in
the Appeudixes the whole of the evidence which they have
recei red, together with suci) of the Papers as appear most ma-
tetial for the purpose of further investigation."

The Officers commanding the Te:ographs, in the
West have received intimation that they will not
be dispensed with till Septenther.2

IiIIENC PAnitS.

iinAlNi'foßT) •JuLy
eorn:Hamted at Dantriieli, 'ias arrived herefrom Itis*ik, •Wlerc was a prisoner.
?'he last stews We Lave received flom Vienna cs
of a more trarnittillizingynatttre-than- heretofore.
They at:non:lee tUat. the 'Ministers .of Austria,
Russia, Prussia, and En'gland Will meet on the
19th September at yiedna. The Erriperor of
RusSia andtheting:of Yrnssia will arrive pn the
27th, to ratify the acts of the Congress. It is- said
that Prince Metternich, before he left tOndOd,
removed the•di.ffieultieg that were likely to impede
the progress of the negotiation.

P.ARIS, JULY Majesty rode in the Wood
of Vincennes yesterday.
The: last detachments of the English
which reitiaititd so long at Bourdeaux, left it dt►
the 23d for Eng-land,

Seine EngliSh 'Journalists. Con lo►srlly of
the plan for preserving the Slave Trade for some
time longer. They make very, fine -declamations
upon the subjct, and affect an exceSs.o.l sensibi-
lity: They deserve great praise for theirgi.md
dispositions ; lit'why confine them to Black*?
not the 'Whites a little , entitled to
English 'philanthropy. The African pirates
still infest the seas; and take ships- in ,the
sigbt ,of the,', English, awl condemn their,
unhappy crew; to the Most rigorous slavery. How
,can they tolerate such piracy ? Why. der not the
English Journalists tlionder against this exCess of
audacity ? When will the Marititue:PoWers unite.
to chastise these Pirates ?
