SPAIN.

ManRID, Nov. 28.--The Gazette of this morning pre-
scuts a satisfactory picture •f the progress of the present
Government, and furnishes the best reply to the charges
of incompetency, dissension, and the want of public confi-
dence dally preferred against them by their opponents. I
may state that the general result is, that the salaries of the
whole of the army and navy, and two•tbirds of those of the
civil employes of the Crown, have been paid up the last
month, the iocome, during this period, and expenses
amounting to about ninety millions of reels. This, it %via
be observed, has been effected without clandestine and
ruinous contracts, while the principle of publicity thus
acted upon by the Regency cannot fail of being grateful
to the people.
The celebration of the anniversary of the execution of
Riego took place to-day in the Plan de Cebada, amidst
a large concourse of spectators and of military pomp.
The Duke de la Victoria pronounced the following
words on the occasion:—

" If the monument erected to the memory of those
illustrious men who have sacrificed themselves to the li-
berty and independence of their country afford an ex-
ample worthy of imitation to present and future gene-
rations, they furnish a no less worthy tribute of respect
to those heroic individuals whose virtues give them a niche
in the temple of immortality.
" Spain is the country which might boast a host of dis-
tinguished men from the remotest antiquity, and in our
own times we have many bright examples of martyrs, who
bravely preferred the scaffold to the ignominy of slavery.
With their blood they watered the tree of liberty, encou-
raging by their example their fellow-citizens to give it ad-
ditional strength, and that their descendants of the noble
race of Pelayo might repose in happiness under its protect-
ing shade. To-day, Spaniards, it is our duty to honour
the ashes of the immortal Riego—of that hero who at Ca-
b( zas de San Juan raised the electric cry of liberty, but
who, from circumstances with which all are acquainted,
was made prisoner by the malice of despots, and in this
place, and on this day, suffered the terrible punishment of
martyrdom, along with several companions. Let us raise
our vows to Heaven that he may enjoy that place amongst
the just to which his virtues entitle him. Let us bend
the knee in testimony of respect to their ashes, and vow
before their altar to imitate their example—to prefer death
to slavery."
Five per Cents. Active, 25 13.16 cash to-day.
