DEPARTURES.

The Duchess of Cannizzaro, from Hanover-square, for hef
seat Wimbledon-common, Surrey ; Viscount Lake and his
bride, from Crawley's Hotel, Albemarle-street, for their seat in
Hants; Sir Charles and Lady Mills, from ditto, for Southampton;
the Rev. Mr. Gordon, from the St. James's Hotel, Jermyn-
street, for Dorsetshire ; George Thornton, Esq., from ditto, for
Jersey; J. P. Larkins, Esq., for his seat in Bcrks ; the Mar-
quis and Marchioness of Bristol, from St. James's square, for
Brighton; J. P. Plumptre, Esq., M.P., for his seat in Kent ;
H. Halford, Esq., for his seat in Leicestershire; Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Hadley, from Warren's Hotel, Regent-street, for the
Continent; the Rev. J. V. and Mrs. Vashon, from ditto, for
Ramsgate; L. Cunningham, Esq., from Morley's Hotel, Tra-
falgar.square, for Leamington ; W. Baker, Esq., from ditto,
for Oxford; John Collin, Esq., from ditto, for Plymouth ;
Kelly, Esq , and family, from ditto, for Cheltenham ; C. W.
Williams, Esq., from ditto, for Liverpool ; Major Eardley
Wilmot, from Davies-street, Berkeley-square, for Berlin ; Dr.
Stringer, from the Albion Hotel, Cockspur_street, for Dublin ;
Major Maunsell, from ditto, for Ireland ; Shuttleworth,
Esq., and Swanwick, Esq., from ditto, for Manchester ; R.
Graham, Esq., and family, from ditto, for Havre de Grace ;
Wm. Beauman, Esq., for Cheltenham; Neil Benjamin Ed-
monstone, Esq., Rev. Wm. Lumsden, and Mrs. Lumsden,
from Marshall Thompson's Hotel, Cavendish-square ; Wm.
Ryves, Esq., Mrs. Ryves, and family, from ditto ; Lord Ongley,
from ditto ; Sir James Leighton, from ditto ; Miss Handley,
from ditto ; Alexander Cotton, Esq., jun., from ditto.

ROYAL ASSENTS.—Mr. SPEAKER reported
the Royal Assent yesterday, to Assessed Taxes Reduction
Bill, Church Temporalities (In land) Bill, Dwelling-house
Robbery Bill, Privy Council Bill, Hamburg Marriages
Bill, Troopers' Fund Bill, Scottish and Irish Vaerants
Bill, Burghs Police (Scotland) Bill, Law Amendment
Bill, Dean Forest Bill, Blaclariars Bridge Bill, Hyde
Small Debts Bill, Holyhead Roads Bill, Macclesfield Road
Act Amendment Bill, Thelluson's Estate Bill, Maurice's
Estate Bill, and Limerick Chapel Bill. A Message from
the Lords announced that they have agreed to Stage Car-
riages Act Amendment Bill, Sugar Refining Bill, Customs
Duties Bill, Customs Regulation Bill, Customs Bounties
Bill, British Possessions Bill, Stnugghng Bill, Registry of
Vessels Bill, Warehousing Bill, Navigation Bill, Isle of
Man Trade Bill, and Thames Tunnel Bill, without
am. ndment ; and to Customs Management Bill, with an
amendment.

Two attempts to assemble a Court of Alder-
mil, to admi• Mr. CaAwronn to the freedom of the City,
having failed, a third is to he made to-morrow, but as
their Worships are informed that they are called together
" for no other business," the issue is deemed doubtful ;
and if Mr. CRAWFORD should be a non-freeman at the
rime the Sheriffs declare the election (Saturday, it is sup•
posed, will be the day), his return will be open to dis •
pute. The electors are required to choose a citizen, but
Parliament may hold that a person having a house, paying
taxes, &c., within the City, sati•fres the term, although
the corporate authorities understand the term differently,
and maintain that an inhabitant is not a citizen unless he
is a freeman. A person seeking the freedom by purchase,
can be made free only by the Court of Aldermen. Mr.
Alderman COPELAND received thrte rounds of applause
yesterday, on giving his vote for Mr. CRAWFORD.—
Morning Advertiser.

VIRGINIA WATER.—By permission of the
KING, Virginia Water and the sidjacent grounds are now
open to all per-ons ; and by those residents in London,
who can spare time and expense, a day could not be better
or more delightfully spent, at this season of the year,
than rambling through this picturesque district of Windsor
Forest, the most romantic within one hundred miles of
the metropolis The lake is the largest piece of artificial
wat r in the kingdom—the grounds are several miles in
extent, and are covered with magnificent timber, originally
planted with regard to the grandest effect of land.cape
gardening.
oTghgeosd; beingthe
cenery i n the
commencementneighbourhood
of Bah
of the lake
bold andt
Heath. The Keeper's Lodge, where strangers are ad-
mitted, is at Blacknest, and leads to a close wood of pines,
with avenues branching in various directions, to the right
of which on the summit of a bill is a handsome building,
called the Belvedere, and proceeding to the left the visiter
reaches the margin of the lake. A scene of great beauty
then bursts on the view, evergreens abound at this side
of a magnificent breadth of water, and at the opposite
side are plantations of a variety of the most graceful trees.
At the widest part of the lake is the fishing temple, erected
by GEORGE IV., which is an uuique building, and pro-
duces a fine affect ; and in another part several antique
fragments of Greek columns and pedements are scattered
which formerly lay in the court-yard of the British
Museum.

DISCHARGE OF THE WHOLE OF TILE
PRIS,INZPS ILLEGALLY CONVICTED BY THE MIDDLESEX
MAGISTRATES.-The public have already been made
acquain•ed with the fact that during the last few days re-
peated interruptions to the business of the Middlesex
sessions had taken place in consequence of the Chairman
having to quit the Court to attend private meetings of his
colleagues. Communications on the subject of the course
:o be adopted as to the convi, ts, who are nut compre-
hended in the Special Commission, were also had with
Lord Ms.urowtxx, to whom a letter was officially ad-
dressed by the Magistrates. At a meeting of the Ma-
gistrates, held in their Committee Room on Monday
last, certain resolutions were passed to the t fftct that
the whole of the prisoners remaining in custody tarter
illegal sentences should be ditebarged on the morrow.
Accordingly, yesterday afternoon a body of the Middlesex
Magistrates assembled in the ColAath-fields Prison, and
these officially delivered an authority to the Governor, Mr.
CHESTERTON, for the immediate discharge or these pri-
soners. The number who have tt us been let loose
upon the public before the periods of their_ rt ctive
senote,nebeseinhgad
sentencedexpired i
t 205
transportation, There are ai s (~n al.d3.
i:erel‘nonreer.s
wh
moved to the hulks, and who will now ob tam the be,
nefit of the mistake. Bet.ides these there are 11 who,
having committed for periods not exceeding a
month, be
baden obtained
course ofjaw, two of whom had suffered the punish.
meat of being well whipped.

SPIRIT OF um PUBLIC JOURNALS,

In the Committee on the Slavery Abolition,
in the House of Lords last nicht, an allusion in the
way of Illustration of a position by the Lord Chat—
cellor, produced a sit-eider effect. A e amendment
had been proposed by the Duke of Wellington, in
crier, as he 'aid, to prevent the clau-e having a re-
trespective effect, providing V at the clause (the
object of which was to counteract Loud Stowell's
famous dec•sh n) sh old apply to such persons only
as were in England or the free British dominions
with the consent of their owners at the time of, or
after the passing of the Act. This led the Lord
Ceancellor to explain the necessity of the clause
as it stood. In adverting to the decision of Loral
steweli, the Noble and Learned Lord said," that it
had gis en great dissatisfection nor only to the publie
bus to the bar generally. That decision in the ease
of a slave who had been in Eneland, and conse-
quently became free, condemned him to slavery
again on le turning to Jamaica. " Such a matt
(added the Nelde and Learned Lord), being e
natural born subject of his Males y, would have as
good a right to sir in the other House of Parham, it
or in their Lordships' Hituse, as the If ustrious Duke
opposite (Weillt gton) who was illustrious by its
actions, or as the Illustrious Duke near him, who
was silustrinu by the courtesy of that House " The
illustrious Duke by courtesy, with en extiaordinary
want of tact, started up and called the Lord Clara'
cellor to order. "He had trot said °tie word to ca
for stich art wrack." Attack ! The folly of the
Illustrious Dike by courtesy was the more consp-
tenors, as the challenge necessatily implied the asser-
lien of the claim of being illustrious by more ilea
come esy—by actions, as well as the Duke of Wel-
liegton. The two Dukes, to be sure, may be both
famous; but every man that is famous, is not there-
fore illustrious. The distinction taker, between il-
lestrious by ections and illustrotts by courtesy,
stung his Royal Highness to the quick ; fur, host--
ever civilly the distorction was nettle, it was not the
less t:tipalarable oil that account. The Duke of
Cumberland t;id not afterwards mend the matter,
wl:eit he endeavoured to make it appear that oo
Noble Lord was entitled to allude to any other No-
ire Lord. " He bed not (he said) alluded to the
subject, and the Noble anti Learned Lord had no
cwise whatever to address him." l'he Lord
Ceencellor briskly retorted, " The Illustrious
Duke was roost disorderly, in calling hint
to order, on the score of having addressed
the illustrious D ke. He had a right to
address arty of theT Lordships. He had exercised
the right of addressing the Members of the other
Hansa' for twenty years, and he had now the right
of addressing their Lordships, and, please God, he
would continue to exercise that right." If there he
any truth in the maxim of Rochefoucauld, that there
is something in the distress of our best friends,
which is not &spit asine to us, we may attribute the
silence of the Duke of Wellington to en inward sa-
ti•faction, not less that the distinction was flittering
to himself, than that it was any thing but flittering
to his Rood friend the Duke of Cumberland. Lord
Wynford, however, who lately felt so sore under
the lash of the Lord Chancellor, that he was obliged
to, call on the House for protection, thought he could
not do less on this occasion than, in their common
calamity, to stretch out a hand to the Illustrious
Duke by courtesy. After several Peers had been
addressing the House on the (pee:tine, the Noble
and Learned Lord Wyriford said, " With reference
to the observation of the Noble and Learned Lord
(the Lord Chancellor), he must express a doubt
who: her the Noble and Learned Lord had a right to
'address any Noble Lord he pleased." But Lord
Wytifted dal not receive much encouragement from
the House. A great Roman Htsearian observed,
that the absence of the statues of Bros us and Cassius
from the place they ought to have filled only led the
Romans to think more intensely of them. No abu'e
of the Duke of Cumberland could have been half
so anooying to him a, this quiet statement of the fact,
'Out he was illustrious by the courtesy of the House.
In ties one simple phrase was revealed the nothutg-
ties, of the m,e, as cotrrwiteti i.ith him who was
both a Noble of that House and a noble of nature,
the rank in the last case being but the guinea's
stamp, and the man being the gold. In a House of
hereditary Legislators the illustration, we must own,
was rather unsavoury. Nature is liberal, but nut
lavish; and though the law may make the first-born
of the aristocracy bottle, nature will often withhold
her fiat; and a doubt expressed with regard to one
illustrious personage by courtesy, must have led
some of the Noble and Learned Lord's hearers to
entertain unpleasant doubts with regard to their
possessing the double qualification. But, as an
ti :wage to truth, and a proof of the superiority 01
what is real in nature to what is fietitiouo the gra-
tification of oihers rises in the ratio of the slight
means by which so profound a morification was
caused. The Lord Chancellor followed up his illus-
tration by observing, " He Wes contending that the
negro, if a free subject of his Majesty, had a right to
sit in Perbament—as good a right to sit there as any
one of the Noble Lords opposite—as good a right as
any of the Right Rev. Bishops, or as the Illustrious
Duke—or as the other Noll(' Duke, who was illustri.
ous by his conduct—to sir in that House, if it pleased
his `I jests to confer on him the honours of the
peerage; and as much r:ght to sit in the other
House as any nl3ll there, if any body of electors
sent biro to Parliament." And then the Noble and
Learned Lord referred to the intention professed by
Lord Camelford, during the existence of Schedule
A, to send his black servant as his nominee to Par-
liarneet. What would be the effect produced by
the si,..zht of a negro peer in their Lordships' House ?
This is a contingency for which; we must be pre-
pared. It is possible that the genius of specultrinn
may make some quashy a millionaire, and acres may
raise h;m to the pi-erage. Its Brazil, Miele the

Law !rakes all colours equal, there are bl.ick bishops
and black judges, siVicg on the same bench with
white and mulatto judges, and all proceeds with the

utmost harmony. In the space of lily years from
hence, the negro curl may even be in }ugh fashion,
and the Lord Ellenhoroughs of that day may seek
to give them locks which nature gives to tho,e of

the near° without the use of iron.-111-orning
Chronicle.

It will be seen, from our !ern of the Ciry Elec-
tion, that the first day's p .11ing has gone decidedly
in favour of Mr. Cr,wford, the reform candidate,
who has outnumbered his opponent, Mr. Kemble,
by 1;273 ..ores. We were nor, we will confess,

ep t!ed for ,o t iumphant a ei)mmenet,rnefit as this,

th.,o we rhonght pr..bable 'hat in the long- run
reform would earl the day. Those, however, who
ritnich its due importance to the success of the

liberal intere,t, on she' present occasion, will, no
doubt, see the tieeesqiiy for Cont'nuit,-T their exer-
tions to the last moment. Many a good cau•e
has been lust by mistaken confidence and injutteions
relaxation. A good beginning said to be half the

birly; but that is only on ,he supposition that the

battle shall be continued in tree same spirit in
which it began. Let the reformer.: remember,
therefore, that though they ha, e done much,
there still remains much to do. It is evident
that thy can succeed, but they have not yet
succeeded. The present state of the poll, after
so much delay on the part of the reformers,
and so much promptitude and activity on
that of the Conservatives, shows how pow-
erful the former are when once roused into action.
The intelligent constituency of London understand
their rights too well to be argued out of them, and
they cannot he beaten. It is due to the Tories to
say that they appear to be aware of the estimation
in "%inch they are held, for they are not over anxious
to boast, or even to acknowledge their tile. Toryism
is to them what poetry was to poor Gol&mith—
" Their shame in crowds, their solitary pride."
We wish them all the enjoyment ut solitude, and
hope they will never again sacrifice to ambition the
tetirement so favourable to contemplative minds.
It would be a disgrace to the citizens of London—
of cour,e we mean a political disgrace, for Mr.
Kemble is a highly respectable man—were they
to return that gentleman into Parliament; The less
