iiiilEElCd;

BALTImor.E, Atm. 2g.—A private Leiter has been
received in this City (the information, Contained in
which is corroborated by the accounts received from.
a Vreuch Gyntleinan who came passenger in the
Swedish Schooner Juliana) which represents the
affairs of Hayti in rather a different point of view
thaii the article .did that was published under our
marine hondry6terday. The letter states, that Gen.
YA,rou, who w 0.110 Of Oc:11. Vi jON'S Qt'hcers, did
revolt with .part of a Reginient that was . under leis
command, in consequence, as it is said, of YA.70113
haVin,r received certain letters from di 11,1StOrli ;
but that after, a while he yeturned to, Port-au-Prince,:
and surrendered the troops to PETtox,.With apparent.
marks Of contrition. From late accounts that had
been received 'At Aux Cayes, there Were some hopes
entertained of CiIRISTOPHE'S being subdued, in
which case it was expeCed a change would tale
Place for the better. The confusion which wa said
to prevail in the Island, .was _no4hing but ,;theas-
setnhliug of conscripts to reinforce the army Sent on
to attack the Cape. Coffee at Aux, Qayes was from
,to sow.
Capt. FISK, Supercargo of the rays,
he was informed by the French COllBlll .at St. Ja°,
with the intention that he should publiSh it on his
arrival here; that orders had been issued to the
French Prirateers out of. St. Jago not to. capture
American Vessels &mind to Jamaica, or any of the
English Ports. He observed that the French Decree
would not he put in force in the West India Seat.
.\s an evidence of the above, one of the men taken
out of the ilmhytel says, that the Privateer he was
in buarded a Brig from 'Wilmington,. N.C. bound to
Jamaica, and dismissed hem' is consequence Of rho
aboVe order.

A Orig,4lar circumstance recently happened in the
neighbourhood of Harehatcb. The fish-ponds' of a
Gentlenilin, which communicated with the river
Cottle, having been, repeatedly robbed, the owner
at length stationed some labourers to watch during
the night. After waiting sonic time they perceiYed
a man swimming up the river,..untillte came to the
fish-pond, where he filled a.sack which he brought
with him with fish, and began to switn back. He
was hailed bythe men on one side of the river, and
ordered to come on shore, but seeing four of them,
hedeclined, and endeavoured to make the opposite
hank, where only one was stationed, but who
would not let him come on shore. The man swam
some distance, followed by the men on the banks,
and at length got on shore on the bank
where only
one man on watch was stationed. A scale en.
sued, in which the man on watch wounded the
robber so severely with a hanger, that he died soon
after his return home. A COroner's. Jury rchuned
a'verdit of IViUul Murder, and. the labourer has
been cotnnfitted to take his trial.

INTRODUCTION or CPRI4TIMATi INTO
A Catholic Missionary at Pekin, named OnEApATo,
has been senlenced to imprisonment for life, at
Geno, in:Tariary, for having converted inunerons
Chinese to Christianity. A native of Canton,'
named CHIN-YO-VANG, and some soldiers, who
were instrumental to thin pious labaurs of OnEADA-
TO, have beep punished, and all their converts have
been sent into banishment and slavery, at -Eln, iu
Tartary. The books on Christianity, the blocks
with which they are printed, and all the papers:of ,
ODF,A,DATO atitl his JolloWers have been publicly •
burned, and several Military and Civil (Wers have
been. banished for -their negligence in suffering the
people-to be corrupted, 1 lie Gospel had been pub-
licly preached in numerous churches, and it is sup-7
posed has made such impressions amongst the na-
tives as even the persecution to which they are es-
posed cannot efface.
As a maw o(the name of Bradford was going into
the cave belonging to the Red Cross, at Reigate, on.
Tuesday last, to dig for sand, he took :into the cave.
with hiM a man totally unacquainted with the pas-
sages and holes, The former had been often there
helbre, and thinking himself perfedly: acquainted
with; his way out, and having a mind to play a joke
with his companion, by leaving him.to grope in the
~--dark, put out the. candle at the farther- end of the
(tare, and proceeded to get out hitnself, while the
other remained within.—This, however, was not so
;easily. accomplished ; for there being a dangerous
rock to ascend near the month of the cave, he miss-
' ed his step,_ fell 'lei:dicing clown the precipice, and
broke his arm. Thus Liifi be pay most dearly for
his joke.
A.wicked attempt was made by a party of armed
ruffians, early on Tuesday morning last, to destroy
by lire the woollen latiory lately established at Brad,
ford, Wilts, by Messrs, Divett, Price, Jackson, and
Co,. Au 'alarm being given, the villains fled, leaving
in their haste two large bags, and two glass bottles,
.which had contained combustibles, a loaded pistol,
.and two ladders.

•
• -
v IZICIlARD lIARRI3,OI NO. 4, Martiett-court, liow.:,treet; atilt published by WILLIAM ARMICIR SCltirPs, fit South Molton.stteet, Grosvanoursquarci
Wit No. t ff.!, Strand; wherctildv&tisemints Unters for the Poper, I viters for the ,fdAtvr-, 4c. (poitliidi, must be gddressgd.
