IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OP LORDS, APRIL 20.
The Hou-e met to diy at lair o'clock.
The Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Richmond, and the
Earl of Shaftesbury, took their seats in front of the Throne
as Royal Cornmis3iuners.
The Royal Assent was then given to the Army Mu-
tiny Bill, to the Marine Mutiny Bill, and to several Pri-
vate Bills.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition
from the Dissenter. of Devonshire, against slavery.
Several Private Bills were forwarded a stage ; and one
or two were read a third time, and passed.
The House then adjourned to ten o'clock un Monday.

HOUSE OF C0.211310N5, Arm', 20,
The House met at a quarter to four o'clock. Shortly
afterwards the Usher of the Black Rod appeared at the
table, and summoned the House to the bar of the House
of Lords, to hear the Royal Assent given to several Bills.
The Speaker and a few Members accordingly repaired
to the ether House, and in about a quarter of an hour re-
turned, and announced that the Royal Assent had been
given to several Bills (for which see the House of Lords'
report.)

On the motion of Mr. W. PETER, the House then
adjourned.

PRIVY COUNCIL.

On Saturday a Privy Council was held, consisting of
the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl
of Eldon, Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Manners, the Master of
the Rolls, and the 'Vice-Chancellor, to hear an appeal
from the order of the Lord Chancellor, calling upon the
committees of a lunatic named Drax to account for the
allowance received for the maintenance and support
of the lunatic, it having been alleged that the com-
mittees had not expended the sum allowed by the
Curt by about 1,500/. The Attorney. General and Mr.
Pemberton were heard for the appellants, and Sir E. Sug-
den was proceeding with his address on b. half of the res-
pondents, when the Council sudlenly broke up at four
o'clock, the Lord Chancellor and the Marquis of Lans-
downe having to attend the House of Lords in order to
give the Royal assent by commission to the Mutiny Bill
and several others. Tl.e argument will be resumed on
Saturday nest, at ten o'clock.
