13111 FISH CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.

On Saturday the Annual General Meeting of
the British Catholic Association was held at the Crown and
Anchor Tavern, and was very respectably attended. Among
the -Parliamentary friends of the Catholics present, were, Sir
Francis Burdett, Lord Nugent, 'Mr, J. Smith, Mr. W. Smith,
:ecc.—Sir F. littrdett, onTentering LA room, was received with
rapturous applause. A similar expression of feeling took place
on Lord-Nugenes.entrance.—Lorcl. CLIFFORD was called to
the chair. • - .
Mr. BLOUNT, thecretary, stated, that he had received
letters from the Duke of\Norfalk, ,Lord Stourton, and several
distinguished Catholics,.expressing their extreme regret at not
being able to attend the meeting.
Lord CLIFFORD then said, the immediate object of the
Meeting was to hear the report of the last year's proceedings.
The object of the Association was to convince their fellow-
-subjec,:. of the reasonableness of doing justice to the Catholics.
The means they intended to use were discussion and the public
press, by which they expected the system by 'whiCh they were
oppressed would cease to continue. It had been called by Mr.
Burke a system of vicious perfection, whose object was the de-
gradation of humane nature.—(Hear, hear !)—lf was a duty
they owed to themselves, anti their able and virtuous advocates,
to prove to the world that they were not deserving of the treat- I
• meat they received. The system practised towards the Catho-1
lies of Ireland had been well described by. one of their friends
as a system of unmixed oppression; calculated to grind the
people in the dust—to maintain a garrison of Protestants' in the
midst of a nation of Catholic slaves. Happily the Protestants
were now uniting with their Catholic fellow-subjects a union
which must lead to the attainment of their rights.—(Hear !)
.Mr. BOSSITER read the report, which dwelt on the great
support their. petition had received from distinguished Members
of Parliament and other public, bodies, and the people in gene-
ral; and stated that. the Committee had distributed 89,000
copies of tracts calculated to disabuse the minds of their oppo-
mills on the subject of the tenets held by:Catholics ; and re-
commended that all the friends of civil and religious liberty
should be invited to unite in a work so honourable and useful.
The report concluded by recommending, union and persever-
ance, by which the_ cause of truth and justice 'must become
triumphant.
Mr. BLOUNT moved, and the Hon.. Mr. CLIFFORD. se-
conded, a resolution " that the report be• received and agreed.
to by the meeting." The resolution was agreed to anani-
mously. .

llr. Quret next addressed the meeting. If their cause was
making a triumphant progress in the public mind, the splendid
result was in a great degree owing to the ativocacy'of the Hon.
]]ember for Westminster.—(Hear, hear!)—ln this land 'of
freedom, which was said to refuse the footstep of a slave, the
Catholics were depressed, as if unworthy or incapable of en-
joying the blessings 9f liberty. They were ready to defend the
constitution by the best blood of their Nobility and Gentry,
and by their fearless peasantry.—(Hear !)—Their wrongs had
filled the Senate with eloquence in their cause tilt had never
been excelled. Never was the cause of freedom more power-
fully advocated than the intrepid champion of their rights who
presented their petition. It was worthy of the Catholics to ex-
press their gratitude for such services, and their prayer that lie
might long continue the assertor of civil and.religious liberty,
-the glory of his country, and main stay of the people's cause.
The Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving a resolution, ex-
pressive of the thanks and gratitude of the Catholics to Sir
Francis Burdett, which was received with long continued
cheers.
Mr. F. CaareeterG seconded the resolution, which was passed
by acclamations loud and long.—As soon as he could be heard,
Sir FnaNers Buitiaserr said, that when he had the honour
of attending the -meeting, he had no expectation of such a reso-
lution being passed. He attended the meeting to show the re-
spect he felt for the Catholics, and the deep interest he took in
a question which. involved the best-interests of Catholics and
Protestants.—(Cheers.)—Fortunateiy, religious bigotry was
fast passing away ,; it was now a pretence . for the monopoly of
pewer.,-(Cheerm.)—lt was.his determination in every .way to
support the broad principle of religious liberty. It was, in his
mind, arrogant and impious for any set of men to dictate to the
consciences of others the manner in which they should worship
the Creator. •It was even to say to the Creator himself, that he
should not receive their worship.— (Cheers. )-alieligious worship,
in all: the forms professed by those who . maintained the great
principles of good-will to men and gratitude to God, must be
acceptable to the Deity. But religion was only made a pre-
tence for depriving those who adhered to the faith of their an-
cestors of the advantages of that constitution which those an-
cestors'bad founded and preserved.—(Cheers.)—The best .re-
commendation to the good feelings of their 'fellow-subjects
must be the evidence they gaveof the estimation in which they
held the rights of Which they were SO unjustly de_prived.--
(Clieers.)—lt was the cause of the liberty. of the whole people,
and he trusted all would unite in its attainment, and in the re-
covery of all their popular rights, and piaci their liberti6 On
the flrai basis of a government by a Parliament freely chosen
by the people..--(
could ever withdraw himfrom the advoca6r'Of any portion of
Cheers.)—lie was not aware that any motive
the people, and should always .stedfastly persevere, because
the question of emancipation was _wily the -question, of•
general
liberty, in which all were concerned. (The lion. Baronet sat
down amidst immense chters; which coritinueclfor a consider-
able length of time.) ' • - ' •
Mr. BoSsLyN . proposed a .vote of thanks to Lord Fingal],
'and the other
nietnbcrs of the Catholic Association, in Ireland,
for their strenuous exertions in support of the great question in
which they were all concerned. The claims of the English
Catholics stood upon somewhat a different ground from that of
the Irish Roman C`atliolies, because they had to urge,
,in sup-
port of their claims, on general grounds, the'violation of a dis-
tinct compact—namely,- the Treaty of Limerick. Too much
praise could not be given to the Irish Roman Catholics for their
strenuous exertions; for without such men as Lord Fingal] and
Mr. O'Connell, it was impossible the cause could ever succeed.
—(Applause.) . .
Mr. gysi oia seconded the resebition, and said the highest
praise was due to the gallant and noble Irish nation for their
unwearied perseverance for the accomplishment of their just
rights, and the establishment of the 'great principles of civil and
religious' liKlrty. It was a
melancholy
subject of contempla-
tion for a patriotic mind that the Catholics had 'no hope but in
internal commotion, or from foreign war.—(Great cheers.)—
And there never was a period when it was more incumbent
upon all Catholics, English and Irish, to co-operate in the pur-
suit of their common object. .
The resolution was carried with acclamation.
Mr. EN cas Itl`Lioreaen, on behalf of the Irish Catholic
AssoCiation, addressed the meeting and said, that although un-
willihg to trespass
.upon their attention, he could net abstain
from recognizing with the utmost gratitude the desire expressed
by the English Catholics faithfully to vo-operate with their
Irish brethren ; for that principle of union amongst themselves
he considered the most essential auxiliary towards the attain-
ment of their' object. He was unwilling to despair of eheir
:success ; he could not, he durst not despair. But let them
not forget the situation -in which they were placed ; "they
might beast as tire)? pleaSed -of their English justice and
Englith generosity, but when he saw the English Catholics
about to enter on one more year of slavery, how could he recon-
cile their glootriy prospects with such professioos ?—:(Chaers.)
Lord Fingal,and some of the most distinguished Peers arid Com-
moners et Ireland,. came over to.prefer their 'rumble petition
not to be condetimed without being heard; and yet their prayer
was refused liy those very Peels and - Goulburns who shrank
with horror from the idea that the fame of dsingle Magistrate,
Mr. Kenrick, should be even breathed
_upnn without, being
heard in his defence by Counsel.—(Cheers.)—And yet lull they
were told to' be temperate. Good God ! what nation on earth
had ever exhibited such a spectacle of human forbearance,
amidst such an accumulation of injustice ?. It was well for
cavaliers to talk of putting them down ; but that might not be
found. so easy or practicable. In the midst of their oppressions
patience was preached to them. . Oh ! foe God's sake be calm !
" calm and unruffled as a summer's sea, when not a breath of,
wind flies o'er its surface." He trusted they would observe all
that temperance and forbearance which th&ir obedience tO tire
constitution required. Beyond that, no friend of liberty had a
right to require them to go.—(Cheers.)
The Hon. II tIGII CLIFFORD then rose, for the purpose of
proposingbi a vote of thanks to Earl Grey and Lord Nlity with. which they had advocated and supported for.the
the
petition of the English Catholics in both houses of Parlia-
' meat. The character of Lord Grey had been long knoy.'n to
the country ; he had ever been found the steady and unde-
viating friend of the people. In the perann of Lord Nugent,
they found the purest representation of the Fox and Grenville
politics—a course of policy quite opposed to that fatal opiniOn
which the first law authority of the empire had -pronounced,
namely, that a full participation in the blessings of the Con-
stitution was not the birth-right of all Englishmen, but only of
Protestant Englishinen.
Sir EDWARD BI:OUNT seconded the resolution, and it was
carried by acclamation.
Lord NUGENT returned thanks.—He observed, that what-
ever the hopes of the Catholics might have been, they had
received from Parliament—he thanked God not from that por-
tion of it to which he belonged—a severe reverse; the san-
guine friends of the cause, ehowever, still IMped that a year
or two might make much difference ; but even if it were so,
that ought only to be an additional reason for renewed energy
and exertion. The major and the better part of the country
was at least with the Roman Catholics ; and he did not.
think that a stronger proof could be given of the increase
of education in the country, than the, words that had fal-
len from the mouth of a journeyman cotton-spinner on a
late occasion—words well adapted to confound the sophistry
of those who assumed wisdom, and bring to -shame the an-

tiquated prejudices and the paltry bigotry of the hereditary
great. That poor man, to his honour be it spoken, had
entertained more liberal views than the Lord :High Chan,
cellor of England, and was more wise in his deductions than
the heir presumptive to the throne. It was childish to declaim
—any one might declaim— on the wrongs that the Catholics
had received ; it was rather a duty to seek redress than to com-
plain ;. and he was glad to find the British Catholic:Associa-
tion meeting not only to do their own duty, -but to press upon
Parliament their duty. The Noble Lord concluded by intreat-
'ing the Catholics to pursue the same ecwrse they had already
adopted, and sat down amidst universal applause.
On the motion of Mr. BUTLER, and seconded by Mr.
Su.v ERTOP, thanks were.,voted to the English Bar for its
support.
Mr. SEGA It returned thanks.

Mr. F. CANNING moved the thanks of the Meeting to the
Dissenters of Great. Britain for their petition.
Mr. Ilriwast SmiTH, M.P. returned thanks. He had
always, during a long Parliamentary life, advocated Catholic
emancipation, and always would Ile would likewise always
be extremely happy in assisting the operatiOns of the Associa-
tion ; and he was firmly persuaded, that as reason and justice
bad SO. long been active in bringing about the great cause that
it had in view, the Protestants and Catholics of Great Britain
would soon be able to embrace one another as brothers.—
(A ppla use. )
On thanks to the Bankers and Merchants of the City of
London being voted, Mr. Jor.rx Smyrit returned thanks, and
observed, that for the last 17 or-18 years he had never missed
voting in favour of the Catholic cause in his seat in Parliament.
Thanks were then voted to the clergymen of the Established
Church who had supported the Catholic question, upon which
Mr. LEireir returned thanks on behalf of the Bishop of Norwich.
After thanks bad been, voted to the manufacturers of Bir-
mingham and Manchester, to the Members of the Universities
who had supported the Catholic cause; and to the noble Chair-
man, the Meeting separated at six o'clock.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, June 25.

Whitehall, June 21, 1825,

, .
The King has been pleased to grant to the Reverend William
Potchett, M.A. the place and dignity of a Prebendary of the
Cathedral Church of Sarum, void by the death of the Reverend
Joseph Smith.

IVhitehall, June 21, 1825.
The King has been pleased to present the Reverend Alexan-
der Niviaon to the Church and- Parish of Roberton, in the
Presbytery and County of Selkirk, void by the death of the
Rev. James Hoy; late Minister there.

St. James's July 21, 1825.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge has been pleased
to appoint Lieutenant-General Joseph Fuller to be one of his'
Royal Highness's Equerries.

BANKRUPTS.
J. Drake, Shoreditch, oilman, to surren ler June 28, July
12, and August (1, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners.
Attornies, Messrs. Dixon and Sons, New• Boswell-court, 14n-
coin's Inn.

.1. Cadogan,W;lter-street, Arundel-street, Strand, carpenter,
.Tul.y 2,9, and Aug. 6, at ten, at the Court of Commis sinners.
Attorney, Mr. Devey, Dorset-street, Fleet-street.
- 'l'. Waring, St. John-street-road, carpenter, July 2, 23, at
eleven, and Aug. 6, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners..
Attornies, Messrs. Butfoots, King's Belch-walk, Temple.
C. Isborn, White Lion-street, Norton Falgate, victualler,
July 5; 9, and Aug. 6, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners.
Attornies Messrs.. Smith and Martin, Leman-street, Good.
man's-fidds,
S. East, Stratford, Essex, victualler, June 28, at twelve, JOY
2, and Aug. 6, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners. Attor-
ney, Mr. Thonison, George-street, illinories.
J. Gunnell, Platt terrace, Battle-bridge, St. Pancras, bobbin-
netcap.maker, July 2. 9, and Aug. 6, at ten, at the Court' ut
Commissioners. Attornies, .Mr. Sutcliffe, New Bridge-street,
Blackfriars. _ _

J. Norton, PrOmpton, Middlesex, master-mariner, Jun!,
as, at eleven, July 7, and Aug at nine, at the Court 0,
Commissioners. Attornies, Messrs. Ravenhill and Crook,
Poultry.
J. sheiks, Menhir Tidvil, Glamorganshire, mercer, July 44,
5, and Aug; 6; at one, at the CoMmercial Rooms, Bristol. At;
tornies, Messrs. Hurd and Johnson, Temple, London ; and
Mr. Grindon, Bristol.
I. Worthington,, Manchester, draper, •July 2,0, .rid AL"
gust 6, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners, Londou•
Attorpies Messrs. Hurd and Johnson, King's Bench Walk,-
Tetriple.
J. Shave, Stonham-Aspall, Suffolk, grocer, July 7; at sfs,
8, and August 6, at ten, at the King's
Head, Stowniarket,
Suffolk. Attornies, Mr. Golding, .Salisbury-square, • Fleet,
' street, London ; and Mr. Golding, Waltham-le-Willow!'
Suffolk.
J. Richardson, .Liverpool, merchant, July 8,9, and August
16, at one, at the George Inn, Liverpool. Attornies, lessno•
AdlingtOn, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London' •
and Messrs. Radcliffe and Duncan, Liverpool. .
J. Welchmari, Bristol, linen-draper, July 11, 12, and Ang
6, at one, at the Bush Tavern, Bristol. Attornies, Alessi*
Williams and White, Lincoln's Inn Old-buildings, London;
and Mr. Short, BriStoL
'l'. Pearson, Redman's-row, Mile-End Old Town, Midtlit'e
.sex, me;chant, June 28, July 12, and August 6, at one, at t
Court of Commissioners, London. Attorney, Mr.. lierslel"
Nassau:place, Commercial-road East. -
Kilner, DOrrington-street, Coldbath-fields, Itliddles(ll.
victualler, July 2,9, and-August 6, at ten, at the Court
Commissioners. Attornics, 31es•rs• Birkett, Taylor, and CA'''
Cloak-lane. St
J. Y. Lucy, Paddington-green, hay salesman, '29
eleven, 9, and Aug. 6, at ten, at the Court of CommissioneT
Attorney, Mr. R. K. Lane, Marshall-street, Golden-squst
London.

DIVIDENDS.
July 16, P. A. Compton, Beckenham and Lee, Kent, f4r,l
seer—July 23, W. Sanders, Wood-street, Cheapside., "P
Coventry, riband-ruanufacturer—July 16, J. J. P.onaldo'
Broad-street-place, merchant--July 2, J. Weedon, Albol3.
I)lace, Blackfriars-road, hosier—July 16, J. Hudson, Birchll;
lane, and Walworth, merchant—July 16,`G. Brown, 13ri1g11e„,..,
road, Lambeth, tallow-chandler—July 2, J. and F. Co
Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street, and Brenchley, Kent, tiltwver,
merchants—July 23, C. and .1. Hayes, Old Jewry, °I
chants—July 23, W. Marsh, J. H. Stracey, and G. E. Oralull9t9
Bern ers-str eet, bankers—July 16, E.. Chi ttenden, Ashford,
ironmonger—Aug.2, W. Hippon, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, "'"".„.
len-manufacturer—July 30, P. Powell,,Brighton • silk-merero
July 16, G. Hirst, Manchester, clothier—July 16, G. JaY,aj,
T. 'Ward, Burlington-gardens; -artificial-florists—July lu; E.
Kingham, Croydon, linen-draper—July 16, T. Pine tinuiny
Davis, Maidstone, millers—July 18, G. Stimpson, Brightbe,,,
stone, carpenter—July 22, T. Bolton, Orrnskirk, Lancasli-
tailor. _ _

CETIFIATS, JULY 16.
T., T., and J. Pyke, Brit gewaE
ter, Somersetshire, banker 7:,
J. Durham, Catherine-street. Strand, cabinet-maker—T. Cr?o•
ther, Lindley, Yorkshire, -clothier—W. T. Heath, COIx,
court, Broad-street, merchant—C. Sheppard, China-vi
Lambeth, lather-dresser—T. Shaw, Southampton, wine-111w
chant—J. Bailey, Bristol, merchant—M. Nathan, Ce°1:01
street, Adelphi, bill-broker—W. Qu4t4c, Liverpool, ale
beer-brewer—E. a W. Tuck, Edmonton, triarket.gardeg 01.
J. T. Durrant, Lambeth-road, victualler—W. Clay, Cu'llle.•
street, flour-factor—W. Smith, Worcester, porter and
brewer.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
Loy
T. Evitt and W. Rixon, Haydon-square, attbrneys----;„ ;oath'
'Time, T. Streatfield, anti T. Laurence, Counter-street, ''llety
wark, hop-factors—R. Hargreave and T. Roberts, 1-1,113,,ci0.
York'shire, coal,merchants—E. Mackie and E. Fr 3'
31aidenhead, Berkshire, coach-makers—C. M inta, 3. a11,41$
W. Holmes, Little Gonerby, Lincolnshire, machine-nia}t'
.P. Jones and M. D. Barriff, Theobald's-road, engrayers-illitt
and W. Humby, Wilton, Wiltshire, builders—F• liinc fief
and S. Rudman, Cragg, Yorkshire, shopkeepers—J- Athe„bio
and' F. P. Hewitt, Arnold, Nottinghamshire, twist or b°'
Ara'
net lace machine-makers—J. Morgan and D. jog,
'Heath, Glamorganshire, maltsters—l. and J. B. Manotolt'
Rosornond-street, Clerkenwell, saw and elastic steel „too,
manufactures—B. Scholfield, J. and S. Buckley, and 3. beets'
Rhodes-Mill, Lancashire, cotton-spinners, so far as Ter,s*-a
J. Beets—J. and H. Dunn, Nottingham, printers—W. P.,,fac'
G: Itansford, and J. B. Higgs, Monument-yard, hat-man Vic'
turers, so far as regards W. Ransford—G. Laver and JE;
kery, Essex-street, Strand, attornies-at-law—C. and J.ll Irsoef''
Alton, Ham hire auctioneers—T. T. and J. Elliott, 00'
ffield, merchants—W. and J. Rothwell, Liverpool, rseq
—H. Morgenstern, J. Mollenhaner, and J. Alehrtensq;oto,
pool, sugar-refiners—W. and E. Taylor, High-street, A'`
butchers. •

Ibtl
MAKING LOVE IN Till; CIIUKCII.-" t tit-
which -
which is to be held in the greatest abomination is, tilii.t.ol/
common for men to make love to the women in the Cl'rit
5
the
churches ! They present themselves before the altars,
Saint whom they invocate is some beautiful female- .'",flll',
grosses all their devotions ; to her they make their Yows:a „ tr!l
,assignations of lust are made in the house of- prayer, .*!;.1, an,,
-affairs of Cupid are managed under the mask of religwookm
they fight the battles of Venus under the banner of their
~,f,"
—(From the Letter aplahinut, the Arabian to the ro-
mufti.) • •

PRICE OF STOCKS 'VMS
Rita Stock
3 per Cent. Red 9l 9O
3 per Cent. Cons.
34 per Cent.
Ditto Red.
4 per Cent., New
Bank Long Ann.— S 2 1-16
India Stock

Ditto .11Gzicis , 56 60pr.
South Seit Stock

DAY AT ONE Wci,ocik.
Old Annuities
New Ditto
Ex. Bills 10001. ... 35 40
_Ditto 14,0
Ditto Small ... 1.4 u.
Ditto Commercial
Bank for Act.
India for Acct.
Cons. for Opening ... y 1 8 4

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS, AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Ws, 5 per.et.... 94 Neapolitan Scrip
Brazilian Bds
1825... Oai dis. Do. Scrip
Buenos Ayres. Bds 931 Portuguese Bond* - 88i
Bds, 6 per et. ... Prussian, 5 per ct.
>Colombian Bds,6 per ct.... Ditto New
Do. do. 1824 88 7i 8 Russian, New, 5 per ct: 96
Danish, 5 percent.
Do. Scrip
Greek Bds French ltentes, 5 per ct._

.
75i

49i

Do. Scrip, 1025... 10A 11 dis.
Mexican Bds • • 77
Do. Scrip 1825 ... dis.
Neapolitan,. 5 per cent —

EXchange —f. —c.
3 per cent.... 761 76f.
Exchange ... 23f. 10c.
