Tl-114: SUN •

111.0LtM Qllll PICEltr. FALtill.N Al/OSAT

LONDON,
FRIDAir, MAY 9, 017.

There is a report this -day, that Lord BenEs
ronti may ht, shortly expected in England.

Almeida, • it is said, has .been taken possetsion
,of .by the Spaniards, and that the Con and Outs.
dinnsc will be the future .Boundary of Portugal.—
insett this report, without however vouch-
•ing for its authenticity, though we derived it
ftotno very respectable quarter. If it should nit-
pear to be well-fouinled, it is hardly possible that
there should not be .a rupture between Portugal
and Spain.. Our Renders will recollect that we
were the first to state that Spanish troops had
collected on the frontiers of the fot wet country.

IVe received this nioruing the Pa; Papers of
Tneaty hist. The following are Extracts :
" MAY 6.—The Count de Blacas, Am-
bAssador Extraordinary of his Most Christian
Majesty to the Holy See, set out on Sunday [Horn-
ing at three o'clock for Rowe.

" Marshal Couut Jourdan is dangerously ill at
1)13 estate at Coudray.
" The Infant Dou Francis Paul of Spain, third
son of Cha►les IV. is eipeetcri every day at Pohl.
",The Plincess of \Vales on her way from
Vienna, via Trieste, arrived at Venice on the 16th
On the 18th the Princess was present at a
magnificent ftte, given by the Coma de Goes,
Governor of Venice.

" We learn flout-Dresden the 26th nit that the
Duke of Devonshire passed some clays there in
hisirny;tO Russia.
Fine per Cenic—Monday, 661. 65 c.
" ALo taus, 514 licit 6,—The monopoly of dm
Oral fishery, which was farmed to the English
Once 106, for 50,000 pesos dram having ceased,
it ,has been offered to two other Poiret s an the
same conditions. The affair is not yet decided.
" VIENNA, APati. 21.--k is still said; that the
Emperor will have an interview, with the Emperor
of Russia in the coure of the former's tour in;
Gallicirt, on which he sets out next June.

" STUTTG 1111), Aram 29.—1 n consequence of
pretensions sat up by 32 Deputies in the States,
from the ancient Duchy of Wirtentburg, his Ma-
jesty has issued another rescript, stating that he
recognizes no distinction between-old and new
Wirtembergers ; and if amongst these 32 mem-
hers there are any who cannot conscientiously
continue to take part, in the delibelations, they
are at liberty to withdraw and return to their
homes."

• By a Dutch Mail, which arrived this morning,
we are informed that the French Government base
diseov'ered an important correspondence between
some of theadberents of BUONAPARTgp in which, it
is said, the means are discussed of enabling him to
escape frOni St. Helena. This is probably the
correspondence obscurely alluded to it the Paris
Papers. The following are extracts ;
" BaussxLs, MAY 3.—The letteis from Lisle
state, that the French
,Minister of the Police has
been for some time informed, that the chief
adherents of Buonaparte had maiotained a eon-
.
stant correspondence, by means of persons who
came with a particular mission frpm North Ame-
rica or elsewhere, and returned thither. In order
to come at the particulars, the Police sent some of
its agents with Sectet instructions to different sea,
Forts, and these measures have had the effect that
was'expeeted from them. It is affirmed that the
French Government has obtained possession of
very important „papers. if the current reports
may be believed, this correspondence diseusses
the means of favouring an escape of Buonaparte
from St. Helena, however difficult or improbable
it may be. It is believed certain that many iter-
sops are namettin this bnsiness, and that those

who art not arrested are placzci mulct strict sur

veillance.

" All tile equillages of the Duke or ‘Vellingtott
have arrived 'successively. at Ills head-41' tiers at
NtOnt St. Alarie, as wells! the persons belonging
to his lionieltuld ;. but it seems that the Duke's
absettee will be longer than was expected,

" HAbIBURGIi, MAY Stockholm news-
papers contain an Address fiOni tl►e inhabitants of
Guthland, hi which they expi-ess their attachment
to the Crown Prince, and higyy 4''et►rubuie, as se-
ditious and insulting to the Gd'vli•iithcht, the con-
duct of a single person at a public entekainment
on occasion of thy King's. birth-day. It is added,
that this person, the Surgeon of the Province,
Dr. Bergelin, k delivered into the hands of jus-
tice. (What this person reully intended does not
appear.).

" Baussats, MAY 3.—Letters from Cadiz, of
the 4th of April, say, that the ship Courier, Capt.
Krogh, from Amsterdam, which was at anchor
in that port, was surprised in the night of the 2d
of April by eight armed men, who immediately
liverpowered the sailor on duty, and afterwards
the Captain and.the whlte crew ; these robbers,
having bound the crew and wounded the Capt*in,
plundered the whole vessel and cargo►."

FUNDS,—The greatest confidence is still
maintained in the market by those who have for
sonie time anticipated an advance : they contitn
holders of Stock to a largt amount, and have been
purchasing for several days past. The three per
cent. Consols which opened at 721. I, for money,
rose to 72k, and for account, 72-iit, and Ad-
vanced to 731

• The Counters of Lowlun country ship, Captain
HAMMOND, was lost off the Coast of Laconia early
in November last, sod all the Crew saved.

‘Ve nmst again call the attention not of our
Readers only, but the People at large, to the sub-

ject of the Ronnin Catholic Claims, in conse-
quettce of the Petition presented to the louse of
Lords yesterday by Lord DoNnuonmotte. We
may he accused of attvmpting to raise the hack-
neyed cry of The Church is in Danger ! but being
most cordially attached to the Protestant Religion,
as by Law estaldiAted, and on which the Consti-
tution of our Government essentially and funda-
meutallY depends, we shall dist egard the charge,
being firmly coo‘inced that the efforts now making
to revive the Popish ascendaney'really places the
Church in Danger. The great point is, .the un-
changeable character of the Roman Catholic Re-
lies it undergone the slightest alteration
since the clays when fiereacks, meaning the Pro-
testants,wqc to be burnt into a conviction that it is

the true faith? No—the Roman Catholic writers
all declare that it has not been in the slightest
degree changed, and that it admits of no altera-

lion. What then is to prevent its followers, it they
could regain the ascendancy, from resorting to the
same means for exciting conviction of the find) of

their doctrines ? 't lie Head of lie Romasi Catholic
Climb is pronounced to be infallible, therefore,
whatever he may sanction wilt he implicitly obey-
ed, and will he not sanction all attempts to reitore
Ids Church to its former splendour ? Can any ra-
tional man entertain a doubt on the subject ?
We are told by Lord Donoucumotta chat a Gen-
tleman of high respectability, and formerly a Mem-
ber of the Irish Parliament, tittered a dreadful inn-'
precatiou,against the Roman Catholic
3Ve are far from defending or excusing the violence
of any individual ur any body of men; but it May be'
asked what was that iMprecatioo compared With the
imprecations which the Roman Catholics have
uttered against the Protestants ? We' will 'not
sully our page Ity repeating the horrible curses,
anathemas and blasphemous horrors of Popish
vengeance against the Members of the Reformed
Religion. Shall we see the inquisition restored,
shall weAtea the order of the Jesuits revived,
and shall we be saltine in support of our Esta-
blished Church when We see these dangers
daily arising ? No—We have called on oar Legits-
'attire to resist all further encroachments of
Popery, and we call on the Protestant Priesthood
to exert every nerve in defence of our National
Church. The weak and the wicked Reformers of
the present day affect to laugh at " Ilse thunders of
the Vatican," but those thunders were once as fatal
in the moral world as physical thunders sometimes
are in disturbing the harmony of the Universe.
The thunders of the Vatican are indeed more fatal,
inasmuch as the'one"operate on insensate matter
and the other threatens.theorder of society, time
liberty 'amen, and, if the reign,of,Poperyqihould
recommence, might in doe,time reduce the moral:
world into the lowest.depths of fanaticism, stiper
stition, and slavery, tinder the dominion of arti-
fice, bigotry, ana perserotion.

Yesterday the Prit CA9'raLCICALA bad a lung
audience of the PaiNca Rtiosiri., at ;tariton.

WI SC.
