PARLIAMENTARY Di VISION.

(From the Potes and Proceedings of the House of Commons.)
MONDAY, JUNE 15.
CLERGY RESERVES (CANADA) BILL.
Order for Second Reading read; Motion made, and Ques-
tion put,—" That the Bill be now read a second time :"—The
House divided :
MAJORITY—AYES,
Acland, Sir T. D. Gore, 0. W.
tcland, T. 11, Goulburn, Henry
Aglionby, H. A. Grattan, Henry
Aglionby, Major Greenaway, Charles
Alston, Rowland Grey, Sir G.
3aines, E. Grimsditch, Thomas
3aring, F. T. Harcourt, G. G.
Barnard, E. G. Hawes, B.
Barry, G. S. Heathcoat, J.
Berkeley, Hon. H. ,lector, C. J.
Berkeley, Hun. C. Henniker, Lord ,
Bernal, R. Hill, Lord A. M. C.
ii wes, T. Hindley, Charles
Blake, M. J. Hobhouse, Sir J. C.
Blake, W. J. Hobhouse, T. B.
Blewitt, Reginald Hodges, T. L.
Bodkin, John James Hodgson, Richard
Bowes, J. Hoskins, K.
Briscoe, J. I. Houldsworth, T.
Brodie, W. D. Hume, J.
Brotherton, J. .4 Humphery, J.
Browne, R. D. Hurt, Francis
Bryan, George Hutton, R.
Buller, E. Ingham, Robert
Burroughes, H. James, William
Busfeild, William Jervis, J.
Chalmers, P. Lambton, 11.
Clay, W. Langdale, Hon. C.
Collier, John Lester, E .C.
Crompton, S. Lushington, C.
Dalmeny, Lord Macauley, T. B.
Dashwood, G. H. Marshall, W.
Denison, W. J. Marsland, H.
D'Eyncourt, C. T. Marsland, T.
Duke, Sir James Martin, Thomas B.
Duncombe, W. Mildmay, P. St. John
Dundas, Sir R. ;:lilness Richard
Eastnor, Viscount Morris, David
Eliot, Lord Nicholl, J.
Elliot, Hon. J. E. O'Connell, I).
Evans, G. O'Connell, M.
Evans, W. O'Connor Don
Ewart, NV. O'Ferrall, More
Ferguson, Sir Robert Pack e, C. W
Finch, Francis Paget, F.
Fleetwood, H. Pakington, J. S. .
Fort, John Parker. J.
French, F. Pechell, Captain
Gaskell, James Milues Pendarves, E. W.
Gisborne, T. Phillpotts, J.
Gladstone, W. E. Protheroe, Edward
Gordon, Robert

152.

Pryme, G.
Posey, P.
Ran don, J. D.
Rice, E. B.
Rich, Henry
Rickford, W:
Roche, W.
Rolleston, L.
Rundle, J.
Russel!, Lot d .Tohn
Russell, Lord Charles
Rutherford, A. ..
Sanford, a A.
Scholefield, J.
Scrope, G. P.
Seale, Sir J. H.
Sheppard, T.
Smyth, Sir H.
Somers, J. P.
Stanley, Hon. W.
Stansfield, W. R. C
Stewart, James
Strutt, Edward
Stuart, Villiers
Sugden, Sir E
Talfourd, 'l'. Noon
Tancred, 11. W.
Teignmouth. Lord
Thornely, Thomas
Tufnell, H.
Turner, Edmund
Turner, William
Vernon, Granville
Vigors, N. A
Waklcy, Thomas
Warburton, H.
Ward, H. G.
White, A.
White, Colonel H.
Williams, W.
Williams, W. A.
Wilshere, W.
Wood, C.
Wood, G. W
Wood, B.
Wrightson, W. B.
Wynn, C. W.
Yates, J. A.
Young, John
TELLERS.
Manic, Hon. Pox
Smith, R. Vernon

INORITY—NOES,
Jackson, Serjeant
Kemble Henry
Knight, H. G.
Liddell, H. T.
Litton, Edward
Lockhart, A.M.
Loath: r, 'olonel
Mackenzie, Thomas
Maunsell, 'l'. P.
Monypenny T. G.
Parker, It. T.
Pease, Joseph
Perceval, Colon►►

Bailey, Joseph
Bell, Matthew
Blemierhassett, A.
Buller, Sir J. Y.
Burr, Higford
Courtenay, Philip
Estcourt, T. G. B.
Fill-tier, Sir Edward
Glynne, Sir S. It.
Gore,

35.
Plumptre, J. P.
Richards, R.
Itushbrook, Colonel
Rushout, George
Shaw, Frederick
Sotheron, 'l'. k
Stanley, E.
Vere, Sir C B.
Williams, Robert

Grant, Sir A. C.
Hepburn, Sir T. B.
Hughes, W. B.

TELLERS.
Inglis, Sir It. H.
Pringle, A.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE

At the Court at Buckingham Palace, the 15th day of June,
1840, present the QUEEN'S Most Excellent Majesty in
Council,
It is this day ordered by her Majesty in Council, that his
Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury do prepare a Form of
Prayer and Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for His late mer-
ciful preservation of the Queen from the atrocious and trea-
sonable attempt against her sacred person, on Wednes-
day the tenth of June; and that such form of prayer and
thanksgiving be used in all churches and chapels in England
and Wales, and in the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, upon
Sunday the twenty-first of this instant June, or so soon as the
Ministers thereof shall receive the same, and to be continued
for thirty days afterwards.

WILLIAM L. BATHURST.

WHITEHALL, JUNE 13.
The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be
passed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baronet
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Sir
Thomas Wiltshire, K. C. 8., Colonel in the Army, and serving
with the rank of Major-General in India, and to the heirs male
of his body lawfully begotten.

Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County o:
Cornwall.
C. J, W. Ellis, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant, May 27.

BANKRUPTS.

avant.-( .sneers.
'ated by the sword and the book, was passing away, the JOSIAH CRUTCIILEY, licensed victualler, Tooley-street,
Christian powers were sovereigns of Constantinople and the Southwark, to surrender, June 23, at half-past eleven, and
Ottoman Empire, and not the Sultan, and he trusted that some July 28, at one, at the Court, of Bankruptcy. Whitmore, offi-
tPiPeal would be made by that meeting in order to show them cial assignee, Basinghall-street ; Harpur, Kennington-cross,
14 influence they possessed and exercised, and if there was, Surrey.
believed that influence would be found not to ROBERT STOCKDALE, merchant, Crosby-square,
have been exercised in vain. He was quite convinced that if, London, June 26, and July 28, at twelve, at the Court of Bank-
at the present moment, the influence of the Christian powers ruptcy. Belcher, official assignee; Kearsey, Hughes, and
,_.was properly used at Constantinople, something might be ob- Thomas, Bucklersbury.
'allied. They were all interested that day in the statements JOHN FROST, innkeeper, Basinghall. street, June 23, at
tf Monsieur Cremieux, an Israelite without guile-(Cheers)- one, and July 28, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
txt he felt bound to say that the persecution of the Jews at Green, Aldermanbury, official assignee; Newbon and Evans,
Damascus was far stronger than he had represented. Wardrobe-place, Doctors'-commons.
He should perhaps bring the persecution home to their BENJAMIN and THOMAS TATTERSALL, corn -
alinds by relating a fact, of which he was an eye-witness, merchants, Liverpool, June 2.9, and July 28, at two, at the
of what took place in the Holy Land. He was a visi- Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool. Lowndes and Robinson, Liver-
tor to the Governor of Nabous, the capital of Samaria, pool ; Norris, Manchester ; Taylor, Sharpe, Field, and Jack-
the Sychem of the Old Testament, and the Lycar of son, Bedford-row, London.
the New-that spot on which the Samaritans, for there
JOHN BELL, worsted-manufacturer, Ishoft, Yorkshire,
Were still Samaritans in that country, to the present hour wor- June 30, at four, at the Court-house, Bradford, and July 28,
shipped the God of their Fathers on Mount Gherezin, that spot at nine, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Leeds. Hawkins,
Where the Saviour uttered these words, " God is a spirit, and Bloxam, and Stocker, New Boswell-court, Lincoln's-inn, Lon-
they who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." don ; Wells,_ Bradford.
It Was at the house of the Governor of the capital of Samaria that JOSEPH TAYLOR, coal-fitter, Middlesbrough,
York-
he was living when he saw a beautiful child brought in, per- shire, July 7 and 28, at ten,at the King's Head Inn, Darling-
leans eight or nine years of age. He had been purchased by the ton, county of Durham. Lever, King's-road, Bedford-row,
~..overnor of Shiraz for 7,000 piastres, or about 701. sterling. London; Peacock, Darlington.
The boy knew nothing of his early history ;he had been stolen DUNCAN JOHN CAMERON and ALFRED BAR-
probably by the Turkish officer who had sold him, his condition BER, dealers in malt, Shire-green, Yorkshire, at eleven,
had nothing in it distressing, for the recollection of his friends June 27, and July 28, at the Town-hall, Sheffield. Newmans,
and his family had passed away, and he had been received into Barnsley ; Hawkins, Bloxam, and Stocker, New Boswell-
the bosom of an opulent family. But no doubt many present court, London.
Would ask what reference this had to the proceedings at SAMUEL SOMERVILLE JACKSON, wool and oil-
Damascus? Why this--that this demand for slaves probably merchant, Liverpool, July 3 and 28, at one, at the Clarendon-
led to the loss of children, and consequently to the misery which rooms, Liverpool. Keightley and Banning, Liverpool ; Walms-
could be much better imagined than described. Throughout ley, Keightley, and Parkin, Chancery-lane, London.
the whole of Syria children were constantly lost, their parents GEORGE BEA URIONT, clothier, Pudsey, Yorkshire,
were robbed of them by one perfidious pirate or another, who June 26, at twelve, and July 28, at two, at the Commission.-
sold them to slavery and the Jews-the unfortunate Jews were ers'-rooms, Leeds. Few, Hamilton, and Few, Henrietta-street,
always branded with the name of the robbers. When a child Covent-garden, London ; Booth, Leeds.
eras lost in that country it was immediately referred to some JAMES and HENRY NOBLE, cloth finishers, Halifax,
Itnh;4:-.ly Jew. Christian and Musselman both agreed that the June 23 and July 28, at eleven, at the Northgate Hotel , Hall-
Jew was the child robber, and it was in consequence of those fax. Rickards and Walker, Lincoln's Inn-fields, Londcn ;
charges that the persecution of the Jews at Damascus Barber, Halifax.
had its origin.-(Hear, hear, hear.) But then what was JOSEPH MILLICHAMP, wine and spirit merchant,
to be done? Was such a state of timings to continue in the Birmingham, June 27, at two, and July 28, at eleven at the
Holy Land? Were those usages which probably were in New Royal Hotel, Birmingham.' Chaplin,
Gray's Inn-square,
existence before the time of Abraham never to be removed? London ; Richards and Motteram, Birmingham.
Did it not become the Christian powers to do something to put RICHARD DOBELL, timber-merchant, Whitech p -
an end to such abominations-something to elevate the tone road, June 26, at two, and Jul 28, at one ae
July at the Court of
of the Mahomedan mind-something to show that, in the Bankruptcy. Lackington, Coleman-street-buildings, official
abolition of slavery, all nations and religions had a common assignee ; Tucker, Bank-chambers, Lothbury.
interest, and were bound and determined to unite in common ROBERT ALEXANDER, printer, Liverpool, June 26
"•operation for so holy a purpose ? His belief was, that much and July 28, at two, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Yin-
Laight be done if the proper means were resorted to. cent and Sherwood, King's Bench-walk, London ;
by her Majesty's Government, When he was honoured by a mission to the East Drane, Liverpool.
he had to bring the whole ROBERT WEAR, Dyer, Leeds, June 23, and July 28,
question of slavery to the notice of the present ruler of Egypt. at twelve, at the Commissioners'-rooms, Leeds. Fidder,
Ite need not describe it to the meeting of the slave-trade. He Sergeant's-inn, Fleet-street, London ; Barr, Lofthouse, and
need not tell them bow much of money or how much of blood Nelson, Leeds.
was scattered over every track over which the slave passed. JOSEPH POMFREY AUSTIN and THOMAS WEST-
tte had seen slavery at its birth-place, and he believed that it COTT, paper-manufacturers, Bristol, June 30, and July 28,
'night be checked there, if that Society directed its energies at one, at the Commercial Rooms, Bristol. Holme, Loftus,
aright. It might be attacked in its cradle, and if it were, he and Young, New Inn, London ; Holmes, Bristol.
was sure that that Society would be found to be a Hercules FRANCIS CHILD, attorney-at-law, Cannon-street, City,
strong enough to strangle the serpent of slavery. -( Cheers.) June 24, at one, and Jut, 28, at eleven, at the Court of Bank-
Ile looked upon Eastern Africa with peculiar interest, because ruptcy. Johnson, Basinghall-street, official assignee; Green-
he believed the means of action there were far greater than wood, Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square.
in the Western States ; and while he earnestly desired that DIVIDENDS.
every effort should be made in the Gambia of the West, he At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
could not but think that the East presented greater facilities J. and J. J. Ashley, bankers, Regent-street, July 9, at
and greater promise of important results. One portion of eleven-R. Waring, grocer, Luton, Bedfordshire, July 7, at
Eastern Africa, as they were aware, was Christian, and a half-past twelve-R. Clarke, dealer, King-street, Covent-gar-
large portion of it was alahomedan ; hut Christian and Ma- den, July 7, at one-H. H. Carter, wine merchant, Spring-
horne44-an, as they were, he was bound to say that the Ifield, Essex, July 7, at twelve-F. Langan, wine merchant,
Christianity was that of a barbarous nation, and that if they Regent-street, July 7, at one.
wished to see Christianity in its higher excellence, they must In the Country.
assist it with all the development of mind and ii.tellect ; and B. John, general shopkeeper, Narberth, Pembrokeshire, July
that country certainly offered some elements to work upon 22, at ten, at the Mariner's Inn, Haverfordwest-J. Hitehman,
Me had occasion to represent to the Viceroy of Egypt, accom- shopkeeper, Aberdare, Glamorgaushire, .July 23, at two, at the
anted by Colonel Campbell, that it would do his Commercial-rooms, Bristol-H. and G. RPKinn, woollen
ighness much honour, and elevate his name among drapers, Liverpool, July 7brev
,alr
at twelve,
Pontypool,elve,a Monmouthshire,tthe
Clarendon-rooms,
European nations, if he would endeavour to check Liverpool-B. Bh,
the atrocity committed by troops who owned him as ; Oct. 12, at one, at. the Three Salmons Inn, Usk-.J. Edwards,
their Sovereign.-( Cheers.) He held in his hand a report cabinet maker, Liverpool, July 8, at one, at the Clarendon-
which, as Lord Palmerston had had the kindness to permit it rooms, Liverpool.
to be communicated to Mr. Fowell Buxton, with reference to CERTIFICATES.-JULY 7.
his own exertions, he might be permitted to read at the present R. Ford, scrivener, Shrewsbury, Salop-S. Hewlings and
meeting. He would only call their attention to a fragment of C. W. Wisbey, bill brokers, George-yard, Lombard-street-
that report, which represented what took place at the interview M. Potter, blanket manufacturer, Earles Heaton, Yorkshire-
between Mehemet Ali, Col. Campbell, and himself. The J. and C. Mould, cheesemongers, Newgate-street-F. Leggs,
worthy Doctor then read part of the report of this interview builder, Birmingham-D. Davies and R. F. Cox, coal owners,
