FASHIONABLE AND MISELLANEOUS.

WINDSOR, Nov. 21.—Yest&day the Bishop
of LLANDAFF arrived at the Royal Lodge on a visit to 108
MAJESTY. Sir ANDREW BARNARD arrived also at the
Royal Lodge to take his monthly duty in waiting on the
Knin.—The KING enjoys excellent health, and never fails
taking his daily exercise in his pony phaeton when the
weather permits.

A Cabinet Council was held at four o'clock
yesterday afternoon at the Foreign Office, Downing-street,
which was attended by the LORD CHANCELLOR, Marquis
.Of LANSDOWNE, Viscount GODERICH, Earl Of CARLISLE,
Earl DITIHEY, Viscount PALMERSTON, Lord BEXLEY, Mr.
HUSKISSON, the CHANCELLOR of ,the Excimurn, Mr.
CHARLES GRANT, Mr. WYNN, Mr. STURGES BOURNE,
and Mr. TIERNEY. The Ministe►s continued sitting for
two lionrs Previous .to the assembling of the Cabinet
Ministers, the Duke of IVELLINGToN had a long interview
with Viscount GODERICH and Mr. HuaKissoN, at the
Colonial Office ; his Grace's Military Secretary, Lord
FITZROY SOMERSET, transacted business at the Foreign
and Colonial Offices.

His Grace the Duke of DEVONSHIRE• and
suite, accompanied by the Viscountess EusToN, and Mr.
CHARLES GRANVILLE, hono4red the Adelphi Theatre
last night with their presence, and appeared highly grati-
fied with the performance.

The Earl FITZWILLIAM, Hon. F. Pox-
SONEY, and H. PFARCE, Esq. arrived on Monday night
in Liverpool, and took up. their residence at the King's
Arms 'Hotel, where they intended remaining a few days
before they proceeded to Dublin,
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East India-house, when the following Captains were sworn
into the command of their respective ships, viz.—Captain
Josh Alwrcrombie Robinson, for Bombay and
China; and Captain J. 0. M'TAccaRT,. Sir David
Scott, for Bengal and China.
CHELTENHAM AMATEUR THEATRICALS.'
—Colonel BERKELEY has lately 'appeared at the Chelien-
hiim Theatre a Wellborn (in a New Way to Pay Old Debts)
to his brother, Captain AUGUSTUS BERKELEY'S Sir Giles
Overreach. The house was crowded, and the performances
tolerable.

•
Amongst our recent arrivals is Capt. FRANK-
YIN, the celebrated traveller, wbo has recently returned to
this country from the overland expedition to the North
Pole.—Brighton Gazette.

. . .
FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.—The Hon.
Keppel Craven, in Pall-mall ; Mrs. and Miss F. Vernon,
in Park-street, from Ramsgate ; Captain William Longley,
in Burlington-street, from Paris ; Mr. and Mrs: Bennett,
in Charles-street, Berkeley-square, from the Isle of Wight ;
Lady Caroline Waldegrave, in Curzon-street, Mayrfair ;
Lady Drummond Smith, in Piccadilly; Dr. Yeats, M.D.
at his house, Queen-street, May-sir, from . Tunbridge.
Wells; F. A. Barnard, Esq., at St. James's Palace, from
Surrey ; Captain and Mrs. Duffield, in Baker-street, from
the Continent; Edward Knight, Esq. and lady, at
Warne's Hotel, conduit-street; Herbert, Esq., at Fen-
ton's Hotel, St. James's-street, from Brighton ; J. Brown-
low, Esq. at ditto, from Suffolk ; the Dean of Chester, at
Miller'S Hotel, Jermyrr-street, from Oxford ; Mr. Mrs.
and Miss Polhill, at the St. George's . Hotel, Albemarle-
street, from Kent ; G. Heneage, Esq., at; the Burlington
Hotel, Old Burlington and Cork-streets, from Lincoln-
shire; Mr. and Mrs. Wyndham, at ditto, from Wilts ;
the Rev. L. De Burgh, at Mivart's Hotel, Lower Brook-
street, from Drayton ; J. Holding, Esq., at ditto, from
Kent.

. .
DDPARrtnum.—Captam Henry Scott, for
Chatham ; Mrs. and Miss Meredith, for Bath ; Mr. M.
Drummond, for Tile House, near Denham, in Bucking-
hamshire ; Captain and IVlrs. Grey, for Chatham ; Mr.
D. Vincent for Lilly Hill, Berkshire ; Mr. Walter Long,
for Presham House, near Aylesbury; Mr.and Mrs. Littleton,
from their house in Grosvenor-place, to their seat, Teddes-
ley, Staffordshire ; Lady Julia Howard, from her house
in Park-street, for her seat in Herta ; Captain Gilpin, from
Warne's Hotel; Captain Harvey, R.N. front the British
Hotel, Jermyn-street, for. Portsmouth; J. Boswell, Esq.
from ditto, for Bedford ; Mr. and Mrs. Thotitas Clifton,
from the St. George's Hotel, for Brighton ; Mr. and Mrs,
Leigh and Miss Moseley, from the Burlington Hotel; fbr
Cheshunt : Mrs. Livesay, from ditto, , for Kent ;' Miss
Bell, from ditto, for Kent; John Poulett, Esq., from
Mivart's Hotel, for the North ; Capt. Locke, from ditto.
CHANGES: Lord Ashley, from Aberystwith,
for Renton Castle ; Major, White, from Lymington, to
Bath ; Viscount Milton, at his seat, Mortimer House,
Northamptonshire, from a tour.
ARRIVALS AT BATll.—Lordf.etmox, fan.
Mrs. J. Curzon, Lid}, .Willonatitiy,' Lady M`Leod, Lady
Bolton and family, Sir Charles Forbes, Sir T. C. Bowey
and family ; Colonels Dyke, Wylde ; Captains Wallace,
Scott, Morris, Duce, Wylde, Digby, Roberts, Dalzell,
Maude, Barrett ; Lieutenants Clay, ThibbS ; Dr. Wood- !
forde ; Rev. 'Messrs. Harding, Rogers, Bradney, Stafford,
Smith ; 111r.and Mrs. Parks, Sloman, Crucknell, Broomley,
Myers, Tindal, Watts, Bishop, Goddard, Huntley, Sim-
mons, Eloire, l lilt ; Messrs. Kelly, Hare, Baillie, Elton,
Grote, Marks, Wilmot, Wilton, Baines, Catherell, Bird,
Watts, Locke, Townley, Bowen, May, Deering, Free-
man, Spier, Harming, Jarman, Ponsonby, Thurston,
Templar, Unthank, Denison, Viner, Green, Scott, Mil-
liker, Starling, Warren, Horne, Haworth ; Mistresses
Robinson, Clarke, Strode, Fonrke; }Leyland, Wright, Ross,
Huddlestane, Barnard, Clay, Adams, Torriano and family,
Pollock, Sumner, Hutcheson ; Misses Drake, Lee, BU-
chanan, Woodforde, Bennett, Estwarte; Fooke, Green,
Lane, Strange, Pollock, Unthank,Dannett, Robinson, &c.
ARRIVALS AT CIIELTENIEAM.—LOrd A.
Chichester, Lord F. Chichester, Le Baron de Massone,
Sir Edward and Lady Bankes, Colonel Hicks, Lieutenant
Colonel Macdougall, Major Gore, Major W. Mills, Rev.
J. Mainwaring, Rev. J. H. Bradney, Rev. Mr. and Mrs.
Johnson,. Captain Beaty, Captain Blake, Captain Van,
Captain Sandwith, Captain Spencer Vassall, Captain and
Mrs. Stevenson, Captain and Mrs. Watson, Mr. and Mrs.
Mullins, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Hesketh,. Mr.. and Mrs. H. B. Maxwell, Mr. and Mrs..
Price; Messrs. A. F. Berkeley, Bankes, Boyd, M.P. and
family, Wade, Coen, 11. Murray, T. Murray, Beacken,
Sheepshanks, J. Brodie, Reid, H. Puckle, T. F. Ireland,
F. Pike, T. Grime, E. Shewell, A. C. King, liolford,
' Clemens, C. Holland, W. Wemyss, Carey, two Hartleys,
LindOw, Fadler, Norton, De Visme, Riscon, Stenson,
T. flibbert, W. Browne, Paul, Holmes, Hill, Weston,
Walters ; Mistresses Hony, Greenway, Chetham Strode,
Plampin, Watson; T. Hibbert, Hicks, Cowper, Moore,
Atkins, Richards, J. Willis; Misses -North, Hughes, Pike,
Vassall, Thompson, &c. &c.

ANECDOTE. OF TIIE LORD HLGII AD-
MIRAL.—In the early period of the siege of Gibraltar,
when the. Duke of CLARENCE (then Prince:F.l4lam
HENRY) was there, and had made his first naval essay in
its relief, the Spanish Admiral, Don JUAN DE ',ANGARA,
on visiting Admiral DIGIBY, was introduced to his ROV.AL
HIGHNESS. During the conli,renee between the Admirals
the Prince retired, and wlien it was intimated that Don
Jtrax wished to return, his ROYAL IlmiiNF.ss appeared in
the uniform of a midshipman, and respectfully informed
the Admiral that the boat was ready.. The Spaniard was
astonished to see the son of his Britannic MAJESTY acting
in the .capacity of an inferior officer, and emphatically ob-
served to Admiral DICEY, " Well dues Great Britain merit
the Empire of the seas, when humble stations in her navy
are filled by princes of the blood."
Mr. PEEL'S PIIILANTIIROPY.—At a public
dinner lately given at Lewes, Sir .JOHN SHELLEY, in al-
luding to Mr. PEEL, took occasion to observe that " the
reason of Mr. PEEL, taking up his residence at Maresfield,
was the desire of dcing good' to that neighbourhood and
the borough of Lewes."--N.B. If this be really the case,
why did not Mr. PEEL take up his residence in Ireland?
That cOuntry stands much more in need of his philanthropy
than the "Borough of Lewes.'
On Wednesday night, the 15th instant, Mr.
ehyorLtodtigme,eßparettveiroseusal,y(w)7hsoussepeegatiiidiegi: lfiraodmbetehne
niG•oobuisbneeEdo'fobtfuhtSeuadrorsgs and other suspicious circumstances, that
some improper persons were in his grounds, proceeded to a
the kitchen-garden, at some distance,
,adi''ining for the purpose of being satisfied, when,
meadow
from his nouse,
hearing some voices,- lie called to know who they were, and
receiving no answer, he immediately fired a musket loaded
with slugs in the direction where he supposed the parties
were, when some one cried out, as he supposed wounded,
and an apparent bustle took place to escape. The night
was very dark, and Mr. Guns, who was alone, not know-
ing how many he might have to encounter if he followed
them, thought it • most prudent to return home. On
examining the spot the next morning, a quantity of blood
, was found, and traced to some considerable. distance ; and
although every endeavour has been used to find out the
person shot, he has not as yet been
idtnoe rse
establishot annsedti th eapnottilicz:joretiooon
itoheth
parish alert, d t
discovered. We un-
to hive toiste
e iso
tintended
to establish an aasoistion in the parish to prosecute felons,
consequence of the robberies committed in that neigh-
btiuxhood.

PRIVY COUNCIL, 'WHITEHALL, Nor. 20.

COMPULSORY MANUMISSION OF SLAVES.

The Lords of the Council: present were Lord
Bexley, the Hon. J. Abercromby, Sir Hugh Eliot;'
Sir James Mackintosh (who attended the Council
for the first time since he was sworn in), and Mr.
Wilmot Horton. Mr. GreVille attended as Clerk of
the Council.
The Council was occupied with the petition of
the principal planters of Demerara and Berbice,
agaiast the orders of the local Governments there
for the compulsory manumission of slaves—orders
which were founded on the instructions sent out by.
Lord Bathurst in 1826.
Messrs. Adam and . Hibbert called witnesses in
support of the petition, and the Com Mon Sergeant
and Sergeant Bosanquet attended to cross-examine
on behalf of the Protector of Slaves in these Colonies
—an officer appointed to look after their manumission
under the new orders.
Mr. Hindman, the proprietor of an estate in De-
merara, was examined on Monday; his evidence went
principally to show the almost imposSibility, under
the existing circumstances of the colony, to carry the
Order of Council into execution, particularly on the
Sugar estates.
Mr. Macrea was examined this day, and gave
testimony to a similar effect. This witness was very
ably examined by Mr. Wilmot Horton, in answer to
whose questions lie stated, that during the last
.twenty years civilization had increased rapidly among
the Slaves, which had made them more valuable to
their masters; but his opinion was, that their ma-
numission would not tend to increase this spirit of

civilization.
Mr. W. HORTON—You have stated that it would
be detrimental to the planters that Slaves should be
allowed to purchase the freedom of their children—,
What detriment would it prove ?—lt would deterio-
rate the value in a great degree.
.Mr. HoaToN—How long do you think it will,be
before such a state of things will arise, from the pro-
gress of natural circumstances in these colonies, as
would render it advantageous to the masters to ma-
numit their Slaves ?—I do not think such circum-
stances could arise for a very considerable time; for
several centuries.
Mr. Alexander M‘Donald was ,the next witness
examined. His testimony went principally to show,
that the mode of appraising the value of thnslaves
previous to manumission, would not enable the
Protector to arrive at a sound conclusion, as he was
of opinion the slave would endeavotti to depreciate
his value; that he might be manumitted for a less
sum: It was his opinion, that from the great com-
petition in the, Brazils and Cuba, in, producing
sugar, the only means the colonial planter had of
meeting them was by making use of improved ma-
chinery ; and that if any diminution in the number
of slaves should take place on the estates, they could
not be profitably employed. He knew, in the ab-
sence of, a proper division of labour, from conversa-
tions with the proprietors of estates in the West
Indies, with, whom, as Secretary to their Commit-
tee, now formed in London to watch over their in-
terests, he was in constant communication, that a
considerable depreciation of the value of that species
of property had. taken place in the market within the
last few years; and declared his opinion, that that
depreciation had arisen from the general proceed-
ings of the Legislature, with regard to West India
property, and that among them the principal was
the recent orders of Lord Bathurst.

Lord BEXLEY.—What, would you recommend to
the Legislature as a means of getting free labour in
these colonies, in place of that of the slaves who
would ,be manumitted ?—I would recommend the
enactment of a vagrant
„Lord BEXLEY.—Of what kind ?—To appropriate
the land to the free. slaves, and compel them to pay
rent for it instead -of allowing them, as at present,
to occupy it gratuitously; to compel them to labour,
by not allowing them to subsist upon wild animals.
Mr. HORTON-1f you are of opinion that such a
measure as you recommend would be productive of
advantage, by accelerating the period when free
labour would be forthcoming, do you not think that
is a circumstance within the power of the Legisla-
ture to accomplish ?—Yes ; and I am of opinion the
proprietors themselves : would be the .first to take
advantage of it, by employing free labourers.
Mr. 1-10amoN—If the Legislature have determined
by their resoltitions, passed unanimously, to put an
end to slavery, and that these clauses for compulsory
manumission be found inadequate to accomplish that
object, what alternative do you see between the
continuance of slavery and the purchase at once by
the nation of the property of the Demerara proprie-
tors ?—I have stated that a fair opportunity of ob-
taining free labour has never yet been made by the
Legislature, and that until it is, no opinion can be
made as to the alternative of its nature.

Mr. HORT6N.—Can you state the earliest period
at which the mode you have recommended would
produce the' effects you contemplate ?—lf all the
land were appropriated, and the free slaves prevent-
ed from holding any of it without paying rent, I con-
ceive the time would be comparatively short at which
it would arrive, but I cannot state what precise pe-
riod would be required.
• Mr. HORTON.—Can you at all give an opinion as,
to the probable time that would be required to have
sufficiency of free labour ?—From the course of mo:.'
dent religious instruction now in progress, by which
it is to be hoped that a very great change will take
place in the negro character, it is very probable that,
before long, he may be made an industrious man,
willing to labour for his suPport.
Mr. HoRToN—If a maximum of price were to be
struck, at which the slave should be freed, would
that have the effect of making him industrious ?
That would remove some of the principal objections
to the compulsory manumission ; but lam not at
present prepared to state what its general operation
would be.

Lord BEXLEY—Can you tell how much the value
'of West India property has been depreciated by the
order of compulsory manumission ?-1- cannot put a
per tentage on the deterioration, but will state facts
within my own. knowledge. In 1821 and 1822 a
property there was sold for 80,0001.; the same pro.
petty was recently put up for sale, and there was
no bonefide bidding for it higher than 30,0001.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH—What reasons have you for
stating that one of the principal causes of the depre-
ciations yc,a have described, is the existence of the
compulsory clauses for manumission ? I have heard
persons say, who have West India property, that this
law makes their title an interest of. a temporary
nature, and no person would wish to embark his
capital in a falling concern.
`Witnesses were .then called to prove the deprecia-
tion of property, in consequence of the recent orders
of the Councils of Demerara and Berbice.
• (The Council adjourned till this day, wheuit was
understood. that Major Moody, one of the Commis-
sioners sent out recently to Africa, will be exaMineda
