LIMITATION OF ACTIONS BILL.

The House resolved itself into a Committee on the
above Bill.

Lord LYNDHURST and Lord WYNFORD, after some
conversation, proposed certain amendments.
The House then resumed, and the Bill was ordered to

be recommitted on Atinclaynext.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 20.

Mr. GILLON postponed his notice of motion for leave
to bring in a Bill excluding persons holding spiritual
offices from enjoying the right r o sit in either House of
Parliament, until the 11th of July next.
Mr. HEATHCOTE moved for separate returns of the
number of persons committed to gaol for horse-stealing,
and Also for sheep stealing, from the month of July, 1832,
to July, 1833.—Ordered.

Mr. BETHEL moved fur a copy of the Memorial of
the Bankers and Country Bankers, addressed to the Duke
of Welington, on the 9th of June, 1828 ; and also of a
similar Memorial addressed to Earl Grey, June 12, 1832,
by the same parties. His object in moving (or these
papers was to found a motion hereafter upon them, with a
view to justify the conduct of these parties, who were now
extremely anxious to know in what they bah, as it had
been assumed, offended, and what proofs would by possi-
bility be adduced of their having refused reasonable accom-
modation to the public in their dealings, or circumscribed
the facilities their capital might afford to trade and corn
merce.—The copies of the above memorials were ordered.

Mr. ABERCROMBY presented petitions from an
aggregate congregation of religious Dissenters, and from
the Corporation of Hatnmermen of Edinburgh, against the
continuance, in any shape, of slavery.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice of his intention to
bring in a Bill to regulate the Corporation of the city of
Dublin, without naming a day specifically. He moved,
also, fur returns of all taxes which had been remitted
totally in Ireland since the year 1814 ; and also of all
taxes partially remitted in the same period. He also
moved for similar returns, as to those taxes either wholly
or partially remitted in England during the same period.
—Ordered.

Mr. HUME, preparatory to bringing in a Bill next
session for regulating interments, and restricting them to
places without the cities of London and Westminster,
moved for returns of the number of burial places in those
cities, the spaces by admeasurement allotted to the recep-
tion of bodies, and the numbers annually deposited therein
within the bills of mortality for the three previous years.
The Honourable Member obtained leave to bring in a Bill
to amend the Act of the 59th of George 111., named the
Church Building Act.
Mr. STANLEY brought up the report upon the West
India resolutions, and moved that a Committee of Ma-
nagers be appointed to manage the conference with the
House of Lords upon this subject.
The Committee then proceeded to the Painted Chamber
to meet their Lordships; and on their return
Mr. STANLEY informed the Speaker they had com-
municated the resolutions to their Lordships, and prayed
their concurrence therein.

Mr. CHAPMAN moved for a copy of the correspondence
of General Deares with Sir W. Gossett, of Dublin Castle,
upon the subject of the military aid afforded by the troops
in Ireland in the collection of tithes due on the Ist of May
last, and also relative to the billeting of soldiers on persons
owing tithes in certain districts.—Ordered.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved for a Select Committee to
inquire into the expediency and the practicability of a ship
canal, to be formed between the port of Kingstown and
the city of Dublin, which was agreed to. He t.ok that
opportunity of stating that, from opportunities he had
within these few days hail, his mind had been altered ma-
terially as to the propriety of a railway from the mountains
adjoining to the part of Kingstown, and he believed it was
not improbable the plan might vet be proved to he advisable.
The report of the Parochial Exemption from Rates Bill
was agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time
on Monday.
The Bill for raising 15,752.0001. by Exchequer bills for
the service of the present year was read a third time, and
passed.—The House then adjourned.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, JUNE 20.

THE KING V. JESSELL.

In this case which was an indtctment against the de-
fendant, charging him wi•h wilful and corrupt perjury,
and which was not concluded yesterday when we went to
press, the jury returned a verdict of Not Guilty.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, JUNE 90 -

DESANCES V. DESVIGNES.

This was an action for a breach of contract, an(l
fcr work and labour.

A Monsieur Desprez having set tip a brandy distillery
in the neighbourhood of GAlen-square, which he carried
on in partnership with the defendant, the plaintiff, who
had previou:ly been a diamond-merchant, in ennsidera-
tion of a promise from M. Desvignes to obtain a share in
the business, took an active part for one or two months
in furthering the interests of the concern, and negotiated
with a Mr. Loveday for the purchase of certain premises,
in which the business has ever since been carried on. No
specific contract, however, was made with him as to the
share he was to have in the concern, but the defendant
subsequently promised to compensate him for his services.
Evidence was adduced on the part of the defendant to
show that the speculation had turned out an unprofitable
one, and that therefore the plaintiff had lost nothing by
not having a share in it.
Verdict for the plaintiff—Durr:ges 1001.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, JUNE 20.
