ought to have.—The Project of Law was then
adopted unanimously.
_FLUSHING, Nov. B.—The French brig Les
pezex Eugenics, Captain J. 13. Grisel, hound
from Malaga td Dunkirk, with fruit and sumac,
has arrived in our roads and cast anchor off he
Zuiduater ing, there to perform quarantine, he
had lost three anchors in a storm off bunkiek.
There are no sick on board. We suppose that this
is the vessel which, according to the Ghent Jour-
nal (and other Papers) was refused admittance at
Dunkirk.

ROME, OCT. 20.—Mr. Cascelli, Commandant
of Naples during the revolutionary period, has
been arrested here, on the application of his Si-
cilian Majesty. Ile had lived for some mouths
quite retired in a house in the Via Ferentina,
whence he was conveyed to the Castle of St.
Angelo, to be taken to Naples, under the escort
of an Inspector of the Police. It is said that
papers and letters of great importance were
found in his possession.
The Austrian General, Fitzgerald, lately
passed through here on his way to Moravia, and
several detachments of troops returning to Austria,
which, it is said, will be replaced by fresh de-
tachments. Many persons have been carried off
this autumn by apoplexy; among them is the
celebrated Advocate Fenetti, and the English
Vice-Consul at Ancona, &c.
The son of Lucien Buonaparte will marry the
daughter of Joseph Buonaparte, with a portion
of 300,000 scudi.
Same Date.—The Papal Government has
been induced, bythe representation made to it, to
restore to Ancona and Civita Vecchia, the privi-

leges of free ports for foreign silk and woollen
manufactures, which were lately withdrawn, with
a view to favour the national manufactures. The
aovernment has perceived that such restrictions
do not promote industry, but injure commerce.
NAPLES, Oc•r. 18.—Legal proceedings are
carrying on with great diligence for the trial of
Silvati and Morelli, the two authorS of the re-
volt at Monteforte, in 1820, who were lately,

taken disguised as Greeks.
It is said that negociations are on foot with the
Austrian Government to get the Austrian Army
of Occupation reduced next year to 25,000 men,
and instead of them our Government would then

take some Swiss regiments into pay, as it has
done in former times.

VIENNA, Nov. 2.—We have accounts here
from Constantinople to the nth of October.—
The city was tolerably tranquil ; only excesses
were feared from the Asiatic troops, more espe-
daily those in the remote quarters of the city.—
The Greeks daily lose more and more of their
old privileges, and are gradually sinking into a
state of complete slavery. On the 26th of Sep-
tember they were prohibited from keeping any
Franks in their service ; and a few days ago,
the ancient ordinances were renewed.respecting
the colour of their houses, their dress, &c.—
The Divan has given Orders to assemble an
army of 60,000 men on the plains of Saphia, to
observe and check the Servians. The Pacha of
Syria has sent word to the Porte, that the mis-
understanding between the Turks and the Princes
of the Druses have been amicably adjusted. The
plague rages in Asia Minor. It seems that very
little is known at Constantinople respecting the

affairs of the Peloponnesus ; the most satisfac-
tory accounts, however, have been received re-
specting the Turkish fleet. The different land-
ings were effected with entire success. The state
of health at Constantinople was satisfactory.
CONSTANTINOPLE, OCT. 21. Consternation

has prevailed for some days past in this capital.
The disasters which the Turkish troops have
lately experienced from the Morea to Larissa,
are talked off in public. It is ascertained that
they have been completely defeated by the
Greeks, and Ali Pacha, who has ultimately made
common cause with them. Two Pachas have
been killed, and a third, it is added, is severely
wounded. Since this late success of the Greeks
it is thought the retaliation has been terrible.
Their forces have been considerably augmented ;

they have defeated our corps. There never was
a more dreadful or more obstinate engagement ;
the combat lasted for nine days without inter-
ruption. The success was decided by Antar,
the Commandant of the Greeks of Thessaly, the
country of Ali Pacha. The latter has got rid of
the blockade, and fights with all the rage of
despair and revenge which the death of his two
sons excited in him. The uneasiness is general
here ; the Turks are reinforcing their armies.
The success of the Greeks is a signal event,
and forms a new era in history.
OCT. 22.—The arrival of Captain Bergamine
with the Russian flag, has given great pleasure to
the Porte and the people. Inferences favourable
to peace were immediately deduced from R.--
There could not be a more seasonable diversion
to the terrible accounts from Albania. It is
doubtless to divert the minds of the people that a
report has been circulated this morning, that the
Turkish fleet had relieved the squadron of the
Capitan Bey, in the Gulf of Lepanto, from block-
ade, and that it had captured twenty of the
Greek vessels, some say fifty. The Idriots and
Ipsariots, it is added, have returned to their har-
bours, and propositions have been made for an
accommodation, although the Porte at first for-
mally refused to listen to them.

LONDON AND GLASGOW MAIL.—We under-
stand that the following are the new arrange-
ments :—The coach which leaves London at
eight o'clock in the evening is to arrive in Glas-
gow at three-quarters past eleven on the second
night. Thus the coach now on its way, which
left London last night, is expected to arrive here
to-morrow night at the hour we have mentioned.
The Edinburgh night coach is also to arrive
earlier, so that both the mails from London and
Edinburgh may be dispatched at half past four
for Ayr, Greenock, &c.The coach for Lon-
don departs from this at
,six o'clock in the e: en-
ing, but the mail bags are to be closed at five.
There is to be no alteration in the time of de-
livering the morning letters from our office, the
present hours being found sufficiently early.—
(Glasgow Paper, Nov, 13.)
