SOVEREIGN ; and what is of the utmost importance,
they neither have, nor profess to have, any cause of
quarrel with the Aristocracy. They know no enemies
hut those who have declared, or may declare themselves
the enemies of their SovEREIGN, and the Constitution
which she has established.
Whatever may be resolved upon, we trust that steps
may be taken to purge the army of the traitors now
at the head of it. This is a harsh expression to use,
but their recent conduct will justify it—even were we
without other arguments to defend the propriety of
its application.
• •

By the Iberia steamer, which sailed from Lisbon on
:he 10th inst., we have been put in possession of
letters and papers from the Portuguese capital till
that date. Tranquillity was then restored. Among
the number of passengers on board the Iberia, were
the Dukes of PALMELLA and TERCEIRA, the Mar-
quis of SALDANIIA, and Senor JOSE DA SILVA
CARVALHO, on their way as exiles to France.
Thus the triumph of the Constitutionalists is proved
to be complete. We trust the example which
the Portuguese patriots have thus set the people of
Spain, will not be lost upon the Cortes. The peo-
ple of Portugal have shown to the world that they
deserve their Constitution by defending it alike from
foreign and domestic traitors. Lct the Spaniards only
prove themselves equally resolute, and they may cal-
culate on a victory as decisive, and a glory which shal
shed a lustre upon Spain.

We are rather apprehensive that the next arrivals
from Bilboa will announce the capture of that city by
the Carlists. An extraordinary courier from Paris
arrived in London this day with intelligence, that on
the 10th inst. Bilboa was closely besieged by the
hoops under EGUIA. A letter, addressed by the
Governor, SAN MIGUEL, to ESPARTERO, was
intercepted by EGUIA, which stated, that unless
the town was speedily succoured—at the latest
within two days—he would be obliged to capitulate.
At this juncture VI LL AREA L was in sight of ESPAR-
TERO, who declined giving the Carlist General battle,
while EG IN A was carrying on the siege with redoubled

vigour.
By accounts received from Bayonne to the 12th inst.
we learn that the Carlists have cut off all communication
with Bilboa by the river, and that both banks down
to Portugalette arc so guarded as to hinder all vessels
from approaching the town. If this account be cor-
rect, the last hope of the garrison is the chance that
ESPARTERO may give VILLAREAL battle with one
division of his troops, and at the same time try to
throw the other into the town. Were the besieged to
make a sally, so as to engage EGLTIA's force
before the walls, this would not be difficult.
But we have too little confidence in the military
genius of the QUEEN'S Generals to expect from them
the accomplishment of a manccuvre requiring equal
promptitude, bravery, and skill. We rather dread that
EsPA RTERO will keep within sight of VILLAREAL till
Bilboa is taken, when most probably he will sit down
and pen a despatch for the purpose of proving to the
world that had the garrison only held out twelve hours
longer he would have sent all the Carlists in the pro-
vince, confined in bird-cages, prisoners to Madrid.

The whole of the Paris papers of Tuesday have
been received. The following appears in the official
columns of the 2,ioniteur :
" The Minister of the Interior has informed the Prefect
of the Lower shine that the note transmitted to the
French Government by that of Switzerland having con-
tained the desired satisfaction, no reason exists why the
commercial relations which had been suspended be not re-
sumed, and the free pas:Age of travellers again permitted.
" Orders have in consequence been issued for recalling
the prohibitive measures established on the frontier."
These papers contain various reports of Aliguelite
and Carlist intrigues in Italy, and some of the lesser
German States, but the details are unworthy of reca-
pitulation. Extracts from them are given in another
part of this Journal.

The Agricultural Bank of Ireland has, we are sorry
to say, been obliged to suspend its paymenis. Intelli-
gence to this effect reached town at an early hour this
morning. The pressure on the Bank had greatly re-
laxed, and hopes were confidently entertained that it
would weather the storm, when the presentation of
draughts from various parts of the country to which
the panic had extended, left the Directors no alter-
native but to stop payment. It is understood that the
suspension will be but temporary, and that, although
considerable inconvenience must be the result, it will be
much less than'the fears of the timid, and the wishes of
the ,malevolent, anticipated. The Agricultural Bank
is on the Joint Stock principle, and has more than 600
partners, all Of whom--and there are many of great wealth
—are liable to their last farthing for its engagements.
Ultimately, thereforc, every claim upon it will be li-
quidated should things come to the worst ; but it is
most likely that when the of its affairs are laid
before, the public, confidence in its resources will be
restored, and its credit re-established.'
This view of the case will, we think, be amini;' borne
out by the Resolutions passed at a Board of Direct
held in Dublin on Tuesday last, which we have in-
serted elsewhere. The way in which the Bank of Ire-
land is alluded to in these Resolutions leads us to sup-
pose that its conduct on this occasion has not been
quite so liberal as it might have been. There is, to
be sure, a certain degree of praise bestowed upon it,
but it does not seem to come from the heart."' The
Dublin Evening Post, indeed, is at issue wig., the
Directors on this point, and scruples not to impute a
great share of the difficulty under which the Agricul-
tural Bank laboured, to a reluctance on the part of
the Bank of Ireland to afford the accommodation
which it might safely have done. The same Paper at-
tributes the disturbance of the monetary affairs of Ire-
land, at the present moment, to au excessive spirit of
rivalry or jealousy entertained by the Bank towards the
new joint-stock Banks. This spirit has, it is asserted,
been carried to such a height, that the bills of Lancashire
have been discounted by this bank at 31; per cent.,
while 5 per cent. was charged at Liverpool and Man-
chester. If this be so, it accounts at once for the
scarcity of gold in Ireland. The produce of sue bills
must of necessity have been transmitted in gold to the
north of England, where Irish notes do not circulate.
As this drain continued, its natural tendency would be
to produce an increased issue of paper to supply the
vacuum ; and thus it is that the paper circulation of
Ireland may have been injudiciously carried too far.
That political motives have had something to do
with these matters of business, seems but too evident
from various circumstances. Among others, it may be
mentioned, that some of the notes sent in to the National
Bank, with which Mr.O'Co N NELL is connected, had a
death's head and cross-bones stamped upon them.
This shows both the quarter from which they pro-
ceeded, and the diabolical animosity which actuated
the parties making the demand. The National Bank,
however, even by the confession of those who cannot
be numbered among its friends, is unassailable. Its
foundations are laid too deep and too wide to be endan-
gered by the feeble hostility of party politics.

We are indebted to our enterprising Contemporary,
the Morning Advertiser, for a full report of the
speech delivered by Mr. O'CONNELL at a meeting of
the General Association, which was held in Dublin on
thingsee
Tuesday last. In this speech the lion. and Learned
Gentleman developes his plan l\a\nre haveoftwo consider-
able to do
agitation
at nsidr-
able length. He says, ,
—we must excite the people to work for Ireland ; we
must see that local associations are formed in every
county, barony, parish, and town in Inland, to put

down, in the firA place, every prospect of agrarian

outrage, and to attend to the registries. We must
next have in cacti parish two rcificators appointed,
one by the clergyman of whatever persuasion, of whose
flock there is a majority in the place, and the other by
the parishioners themselves." Mr. O'CONNELL then

proposed resolutions to the following effect
" Resolved—' I. That the objects of this Association
being to obtain, by legal and constitutional means, the final
adjustment, in a manner satisfactory to the Irish people, of
the Tithe Question, and the complete reform of our corrupt
and profligate Corporations, it is necessary that immediate
means should be taken to have ready for presentation to
Parliament, on tho first day of the next Session, as many
petitions. and as numerously signed as possible.
" 2. That for this purpose the Committee shall forth-
with prepare an address to the insulted and outraged people
of Ireland, and also forms and drafts of petitions for their

consideration.'
" This resolution should be the basis of all our acts.
" 3. That the present Administration enjoy the full con.
fidence of the people of Ireland, and that we know no lan,
guage sufficiently strong to express our admiration of, and
gratitude for, the just, firm, manly, and impartial govern-
ment of his Excellency Lord Mulgrave.
" ' 4. That under these circumstances, we deem it the
sacred duty of the Representatives of the Irish People
in Parliament, to give their zealous support to his Ma-
jesty's Ministers upon all occasions that do not involve,
if any such there should be, a direct violation of political
principle.'
In the justice and propriety of these resolutions
every well-wisher to Ireland must concur. Let them
but be followed up in the spirit which Mr. O'CON-
NELL recommends, and a year will not elapse ere the
country has a full measure of justice awarded her.
In vain will the House of Lords interpose their veto ;
they will not be able to resist a united nation ; and
finding this, we have not the slightest doubt that they
%NA play over again the game that they played during
the discussion of the Reform Bill—that is to say,
abandon their position with as much precipitation as
they took it up. Mr. O'CoNNELL, we see, again al-
ludes, and if possible, with more indignation than ever,
to Lord LYNDHURST'S charge against the Irish
that they are " aliens." Now, all things considered—
though there can be no excusing, or explaining away
the malignant rancour that prompted his Lordship's
taunt—we cannot but think that he has been a greater
benefactor to Ireland, by making such an open avowal
of party hostility towards her, than if he had over-
whelmed her with flatteries, yet still voted in opposi-
tion to her interests. In the one case he might have
thrown her off her guard, and so protracted the period
of her struggle for " equal justice ;" in the other he
has sharpened her wits, put her on her mettle, and
roused her undivided energies from one end of the
kingdom to the other. So far are we therefore from
regretting, with Mr. O'CoNNELL, that Lord LYND-
IIURST ever taunted the Irish with being " aliens,"
that we rejoice at it, with all our heart and soul, for
it has taught them what they have to expect from him
and his. It is not Mr. O'CONNELL who is the
agitator now ; it is Lord LYNDHURST. It is to him
that Ireland is indebted for her General Association,
which is ramifying through every part of the country.
He is the legitimate founder of this Institution. It
owes its origin, and is indebted for its progress solely
to his seasonable taunt. Old COBBETT used to say,
in those capricious moods which but too often moulded
him to their will, " Thank God, we have a House of
Lords ;" with fargreaterjustice may Ireland say," Thank
God, we have a Lord LYNDHURST." He supplied the
text from which O'CONNELL is now preaching ; and
slight indeed must be Ireland's sense of gratitude, if she
ever forget this. No, no ; let her cherish the memory
of her LYNDHURST, as tenaciously as she cherishes
that of her six hundred years of slavery. For our
part, knowing well that his Lordship was once " a
Whig, and something more ;" and that early im-
pressions arc not easily eradicated, if they be ever so at
all ; we are not without a suspicion that, true to old
democratic principles, he purposely taunted Ireland, in
order to bring out and consolidate the democratic in-
fluences in that country.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TIVEL YE O'CLOCX.

- -
The arrivals this morning are the French and Ostend
mails, and ship-letters from Canton, Sierra Leone, Gibral-
tar, Lisbon, CadiA and Oporto ; Bombay to the 11th of
June, and Mauritius to the 23d of July—chiefly old dates.
We have received the Journal du Commerce of Antwerp
of yesterday's date, with the Dutch prices from Amsterdam,
of Nov. 14—Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 51i ; Five per
Cents., 99 ; Ardouin's Spanish, 19 7-16.
The above papers contain the following from Coblentz,
published in the Gazelle of the Rhine and Moselle, of the
date of the 9th of November :—" Yesterday morning a
balloon, containing three persons, descended near Weil-
botirm ; several of the inhabit2nts of this town, who were on
the chase, perceived, at the break of day, the balloon near
Newhensel and Montbaur, when it appeard over Westburg.
The accounts from Dublin are not of that favourable
nature as were anticipated. The Agricultural Bank, after
sustaining a continued run for several days, has stopped '
payment, and it is feared that the Branches will be in the
same predicament ; the Managers hoped to ride out the
storm. It was supposed that the amount of gold received
from England since the commencement of the run was not
less than one million, and the Bank of Ireland refused to
take Bank of England notes in exchange for their own,
except at a discount. The National Bank (O'Connell's)
was believed to stand its ground firmly ; a good supply of
gnu had been obtained and sent off to its country Branches ;
some of Directors who reside in London had arrived
in Dublin to
their assistance during the crisis. O'Con-
nell himself was :In constant attendance.
We have another arival from Lisbon. The Iberia,
steamer, left Lisbon on the 10th inst., with mails and pas-
sengers. Amongst the latter is Sen. Carvalho, the late
Minister of Finance. The Duke of Palmella and Terceira
remained on board his Majesty'' ship Malabar. Lisbon
was again tranquil. The Prince her Majesty were at
the Palace of Necessidades, where thaw movements were
watched.
The private letters from Lisbon this morning state that
GJITICZ was in the environs of Badajos.

THE FUNDS.
Consols, which closed yesterday at 871 for the Account,
are at present the same price for Money, 874, with little
doing. Exchequer Bills 2 dis., par ; India Bonds 5 ;
Bank Stock, 201}; India Stock, 253 254.
The Foreign Market is also inactive. Spanish Active
closed at 19 ;at present 191 ; Passive, 5k ; Deferred,
7 ; Portuguese, 501 51 ; same Three per Cents., 321 ;
Columbian, 211 22 ; Mexican, 211 22 ; Dutch Two-and-
a-Half, 521: 53 ; Consols, 874.

BALF-PAST ONE.
Consols have continued during the morning at 87f 871
for the Account, with little doing ; Money, 87i 87 ; Ex-
chequer Bills, 11d. 3 5 ; Exchequer Bills, 2d, 5 2 ; India
Bonds, par. 2 prem. ; Bank Stock, 2011 ; India Stock,
0531. In the Foreign Market scarce a feature worth no-
tice. Spanish Active has improved from 19} to 191 ;
Passive, 51 ; Deferred, ; Portuguese, 511; Three
.
per • e ,24
Cents., 32 32,1 ; Colombian, 211 21-} ; Mexican, 214
21} ; Dutch, 52-7; 53. No further arrivals.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 87

On Tuesday morning, as Mr. Bell was cruising
just off Whitstable, he observed something struggling near
the water's edge. He got out of his boat, and walked
towards the object, which proved to be a large fish, biting
the sand, and gasping for life. Mr. Bell immediately se-
cured the fish, and brought it to Canterbury, for the gra-
tification of the public. It appears to be an enormous
tunny—in search, perhaps, for the whale which visited
the Whitstable coast about seven years since !—Kentish
Gazette.

It is rumoured that Mr. Robert Bond, one of the
principal managers of the Junior St. James's Club, has re•
tired. The cause assigned is heavy losses last season, and
the great difficulty in collecting the debts due to the house.
" Jacta est aka."—illorning Post.
The Duke of Devonshire and a large party wit-
nessed the performance of Jim Crow both on Saturday and
Monday evenings last, at the Adelphi. Lord Sefton and
family, Lords Adolphus Fitzclarence and William Paget,
Sir Andrew Barnard, and the Earl and Countess of Har-
rington have been among the visitors.
Several trees have been felled this month contiguous
to the South wall of Kensington-gardens, 4ffil in other parts
of the grounds, which were rapidly approaching td 4ppy?
supposed to be in consequence of the roots not being sull,i-
ciently nourished during the drought of the late extremely
hot summers. Young trees have been planted in their stead.
