and paying patrols for the protection of their
property, even in the day time.
The Resolution was agreed to.
In answer to a question from Mr. Hume, Mr.
CLIVE said, that the Police Returns which were
ordered some time ago, would be laid before the
House to-morrow.

PUBLIC MONUMENTS. -
Upon the Resolution for a Grant of 2,700/. to
defray the expellees of the repairs in King Henry
the Seventh's Chapel,
Mr. G. BENNET took occasion to. animadvert
upon the lamentable condition in which the
Public Monuments were allowed to be in this
Chapel, as well as throughout Westminster
Abbey. He did not know in whose care those
monuments were placed, but if in that of the Dean
and Chapter of the Cathedral, lie did •not know
in what terms appropriately to express the cen-
sure which they incurred by permitting our great
public monuments to be in • such a disgraceful
and dilapidated state. But what a remarkable
contrast did the general state of this Cathedral
present to that of many cathedrals throughout the
country, to that of Gloucester and Worcester for
instance ; yet in neither of those cathedrals was
any of- that low, mean, disgraceful, lucre-loving
spirit to be found by which money was exacted
for the exhibition of public monuments.--(Hear!)
But how scandalous in those who made consider-
able profit by such exhibitions in Westminster
Abbey, that they took no care whatever to pro-
tect those monuments from injury or even from
filth.—(llear, hear!)-2The practice itself, in-
deed, of extorting money from every one who
sought a view of the great productions of our
artists in St. Paul's Cathedral as well as in West-
minster Abbey-, was such as was not to be found
in any other country. With all our national
pride, .power, and liberality, what were foreioers
to think of such a sordid practice ? For the sake
of the character of his country, he was indeed
ashamed of such a habit.—(Universal cheeriog.)
Sir C. LONG fully concurred., with what md
fallen from the Honourable Gentleman who lad
just sat down ; for it had long been his own ft el-
ing that the public monuments referred to were
very shamefully neglected.—(Hear, hear, hear !)
—He had been -generally connected with the
Commission appointed to superintend the erection
of Public Monuments, and it was always their
study to employ the first British Artists for the
execution of such designs, and of course he and
his Colleagues must be much mortified to find that
adequate care was not afterwards taken of those
monuments. He could say, that Government was
not at all responsible for the care of these monu-
ments. No; that responsibility belonged to the
Dean and Chapter; and as they derived great
profit from the exhibition of these monuments, it
was not surely too much to say, that it. was in-
cumbent upon them to protect the valuable ob.;
jects committed to theirreare from being defaced
or injured. The observations of the Hon. Mem-
ber for Shrewsbury, which were evidently the
general feeling of the House, would, he hoped,
make a due impression, and urge those whose
duty it was to take better care hereafter of our
public monuments.—(Hear, hear ! from all sides
of the House.) ,
Mr. W. Smurn doubted whether the Dean and
Chapter! of Westminster Abbey should not be
required to pay the proposed sum for the repair
of Henry the Seventh's,- Chapel out of their own
funds, which were at present about to be consi-
derably increased by the-sale of seats in the Air-
bey, for the gratification. of public curiosity. lie
entirely agreed with the remarks of his Hon.
Friend, as to the state of Westminster Abbey.—
But the state of St. Paul's might be said to be
even worse. lie had lately seen that. Cathedral,
and he declared, that it looked more like kre-
ceptacle for dirt and cobwebs, than for the noble
monuments of our statesmen and warriors, yet
the revenue of the Dean and Chapter was very
considerable, especially from the exhibition of the
public monuments.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that the expence of Henry the Seventh's Chapel
was never defrayed by the Dean and Chapter.of
Westminster Abbey, but by the public, as this
Chapel was the cemetery of our Kings. He
knew nothing of the conduct of St. Paul's Cathe-
dral, but the Dean and Chapter of Westminster
had within a few years - expended no less than
10,0001. in the repairs of the Abbey.—The Re-
solution was agreed to.
Upon the motion for a grant for the Establish-
ment of Sierra Leone, -
•Mr. Wit:LIAM SMITH took occasion to say, that
the individual-appointed as'Chief Commissioner
for Sierra Leone was a man who had received no
regular education, and who was wholly incom-
petent to discharge the duties. Sir George Col-
lier, the Commanding Officer on that station, had
declared that Mr. Gregory's imbecility had con-
tributed in a great measure to defeat the objects
of the Commission.

The Mtarquis of LONDONDERRY said that he
had transferred the appointment of the -commis-
sioners into the hands of the distinguished indi-
vidual at the hI of the Admiralty, and of Sir
C. Robinson, We Advocate-General, who were
best able to select persons of professional ability.
With regard to Sierra Leone no individual could
be found, who wasi4willing to accept of the ap-
pointment
at 1,5041.'a year, and the salary was
consequently increased to 3,0001. a year, with a
retiring pension of SOU Such was the dread of
the climate, that even then no ,professional Gen-
tleman could be found to accept the appointment,
and Sir W. Scott accordingly recommended it to
be given 'to some intelligent commercial indivi-
dual. The idea of a residence in Sierra Leone
was so universally supposed to carry along with
it the idea of death, that lie had never had a
more terrific picce of patronage at his disposal.
—(A laugh D—lfe could not but deprecate the
course which the Honourable Gentleman had
taken, in deciding upon the merits of Mr. Gregory
on the mere dictum of a Naval Officer.

Mr. IV,. SMITH disclaimed having imputed any
partiality to the Noble Lord in making the ap-
pointment.

Mr. BROUGHAM said, that with all deference
to the statements of Sir W. Scott and Sir C. Ro-
binson, it was scarcely credible that there could
be any difficulty in finding a Gentleman of re..

• ' gular education in the profession of the law, to
fill an appointment of 30001. a year, with a re-
tiring penslbn of 800/. a year. The profession of
the law was by no means in so flourishing a state,
that among the junior branches of it such an
ap-
pointment would not be most readily accepted.
tie had no doubt that when the statement made
V the NONe Lord went forth to the public, it
would excite considerable astonfAmene; and pro-
' duce this good effect at least, that when the
Noble Lord should look out hereafter among the
profession, some tenders would be made to him,
which would enable him to get a better Judge,
or the same Judge, at a lower salary.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY said, he cer-
tainly had not advertised the appointmentS, but
they had remained a long time at the disposal of
Sir William Scott, and if there were so .abundant
a crop of aspiring young lawyers, as thellon. and
Learzted Gent. supposed, it was certain that they
did not bite very fast.—(A laugh.)—He,perfectly
remembered, that he (Lord L.) had been twice
called over the coals in that House for making
the appointments ; and, as far as two discussions
could operate as advertisements, sufficient publi-
city had been given to them.—The Resolution
was then,put and agreed to.
On the vote of 100,0001. for the new street from Mary-le-bone
to Charing-cross,
Mr. HUME asked two questions with respect to a charge of
11,0001. for law expence, . architects and surveyors, and a sum
of 12,001. for new salaries, when it had been understood that the
whole service was to be discharged by the CommisSioners for
Woods and Forests.
Mr. II USKISSON said he had no objection to lay the par-
ticulars of the law expellees before the House, and with regard
to the new salaries, they had been rendered'necessary by the
great extent of the labours which had devolved upon the Com-
missioners.
After a few words from Mr. W. SMITH, the Resolution was
agreed to.
On the vote for the Cape of Good Hope,
Mr. G. BENNET asked whether any further encouragement
had been given to the New Settlers in the Cape of Good Hope ?
Mr. °MILBURN replied in the negative.
Mr. IV. S ITH, observed; that it was of the utmost import-
ance that every means should be resorted to to prevent the ex-
tension of slavery in the Cape of Good Hope.
Mr. GOULBURN said, he entirely concurred with the Ho-
nourable Gentleman", and that no precautions had been omitted
to accomplish that desirable object.
Sir It. WILSON thought it worth the consideration of Go-
vernment, whether it would not he worth while to purchase the
few remaining slaves in the ettlony.
The Resolution was then agreed to.
On the vote for building Churches and Glebe Houses,
Mr. HUME expressed a hope that no more money would be
required front Parliament for that purpose, until they had ac-
certained what was done with the first fruits and tenths.
Mr. BENNET would not agree to the grant of a single shil-
ling until the whole Church Establishment of the country was
brought under the consideration of the House.
After a few words front Lord MILTON, the Resolution was
agreed to.
On the Vote for discharging the Expence of publishing Pro
claniations,

Mr. BENNET noticed the system of preference adopted by
Government towards certain papers as injurious to the public
interest, by operating as a bribe to the press of the country,
and in other respects defeating the purposes for which it was
granted. Those papers should be selected which were most
likely to give publicity to the document.
Mr; GRANT said he had reduced the grant from 9 to 7,0001.
this year, with a view to some advantageous arrangement in the
next.
Lord MILTON said a few words in opposition to the grant,
and Mr. GOULBURN a-few in favour of it.
Mr. HUME adverted to some partiality which he noticed on
a former day with respect to the publication of Government Ad-
vertisements in " The Times." He was told on that occasion
by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that no order had been
given to withhold from the Papeialluded to those advertise-
ments. Ile had since heard that Government last year came
to a determination that no advertises nos should be sent to
"-The Times." This was done with a view of punishing that
Paper, and he was really astonished that any exception could be
made in such a case.

After some further observations from Mr. Dawson, Mr.
Grattan, Mr. Denman, and Mr. Hobhouse, the Resolution was
agreed to.

—Several other items were agreed to, and the House was pro-
seeding with the +others, -when
Sir ROBERT WILSON, on account of the lateness of the
hour, and the probability of some of the items exciting discus-
sion • moved that the Report be taken into further consideration
this hay, which after some conversation was agreed to.
The other Orders of Day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at ONE O'CLOCK.

FOR TIIE SUN.

A PROPOSAL TO RELIEVE THE DISTRESSES OF
THE COUNTRY.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)

1. Let a 'fax of one per cent. be laid on the
Funds, with the exception of the property of foreigners not
resident in Great Britain. This Tax will produce nearly eight
millions, as the National Debt is 800 millions.

2. Let a Tax of one per cent. be laid on the rent of houses
and landed property. This may be estimated at four millions,
which added to d millions (the tax on the funds) will be 12

lions :

3. Let 10 millions of taxes be taken off; viz. :
The Tax on Agricultural Horses, now abolished £500,000
The Tax on Salt* whose produce is - 1,500,000
The Tax on Tea (to prevent smuggling) - 1,500,000
The Shop Tax - 1,000,000
The Tax on Coalst - - - 1,500,000
Three fourths of the Tax on Foreign Wines - 250,000

X 6,750,000

And any other Taxes, which can relieve the country, so as to
make up the sum of 10 millions. Four months may be allowed
before the taxes are taken off (if requisite) to allow time to those
who have a stock on hand to dispose of it.
,If the Duties on Foreign Wines are equalised,- beneficial
effects will ensue from it ; for the prices of wines will fall in the
Wine Countries : so that port, Sherry and Lisbon, would not
be £lO a pipe. The Foreign Wine-merchants raised the prices
of their wines in consequence of the high duties ; for they as_
serted that as the English could pay such an heavy tax for
wines, they could afford to pay more for their wines. The
tax on wines at present produces a million sterling. Those
who drink wine may be said to spit sixpences, owing to the
heavy duties ; and it holds out encouragement to adulterate
foreign wines, and thereby greatly injures the Revenue. As in
the arithmetic of taxation 2 and 2 do not always make. 4, but
sometimes less than one, as Dean SWIFT has most justly observ-
ed, therefore reducing the tax. on wines will not injure the
Revenue, as many who have left off drinking wine will again
use it, and the Revenue arising from wines will still be one
million, though in the account of taxes taken off the sum of
£758,000 is allowed for the deficiency, and which deficiency will
not perhaps exist, though the duties on wines should not be
equalised. So trifling a tax as 1 per cent. on property will not
be felt by any person, especially as ten millions of taxes are
taken off, which will benefit every individual in the kingdom,
and more than indemnify those who pay this property tax.

• A Tax on Exportation to be laid on 20 times its cost, ex-
cept to the King's garrisons.
1- A Tax to be levied on Coals exported, with exceptions.
To make or adulterate Foreiga Wines, Tea, Porter, Ale,
Beer, Coffee, &c. &e.- is now punished by a fine, and which
does not prevent its recurrence ; but if made felony without be-
heat of cicrgy, will effectually check it,

POREIGN INTELLIGENCg.

PARISI JUNE 26.—Yesterday his Majesty
transacted business with the Duke de Richelieu.

The Court is ordered to wear mourning for
twelve days on account of the death of the
Dowager Duchess of Orleans... 01.
VIENNA, JUNE 15.—The last accounts from

'Wallachia, for the authenticity of which we, how-
ever, do not vouch, state that Theodore Sludzier
had fallen into the hands of the Turks, and was
beheaded.

The Greeks who left Jassy, and were refused
admission into the Russian territory, retired into
the Convent of Galatz, resolving, to defend it to
the last extremity.
JUNE 16.—8 y official accounts from Bucharest
of the 3d of June, the head-quarters of the Turk-

ish army, which has entered Wallachia, under
the command of lladschi Ahmet Pacha, were in
Calentina without the city, where -.there was a
camp of 22,000. men, the half of which consists.
of cavalry. This corps was to proceed against
the rebels in a few days. It seems that it Was
intended „to wait for Jussuf Paella, of Tbrailow,
who is engaged in clearing Moldavia of the In-,
surgents, and 'is stated to have immediately
cupied Jassy, in order to act with their united'
forces against Ypsilanti, 'who is still in his posi-
tion at Tergowist, and seems disposed to occupy.
himself with his corps of Insurgents, which is
stated to consist of 10,000 men.
Bucharest itself was occupied by 500 Turkish
troops under.the command of Basehbeschil Aga.
Tehir, an Albanian ; they were stationed in the
two strong forts of the city, the Metropolitan
Residence, and the Monastery of Radulawda.
Perfect order prevailed in the whole city, an..l•
the public peace had not been a moment ihter•
rupted. All the inhabitants,. both natives an I
foreigners, are, however, disarmed ; thD-first are
obliged to deliver up their arms to a Coanitt?e
appointed for that purpose ; the latter deliver
them to their respective Consuls. On the other
hand, the Turkish Commander has had several
Turks hanged and beheaded who had been guilty ,
of excesses.
All persons, even those individuals who.are ac-
cused of having been connected with the rebels,
are treated with the greatest lenity, provided
they have not been taken with arms in their
hands. Such persons are left at liberty, .upog.
bail, and pursue their occupations without moles-
tation. But the greatest rigour is sbewn to the
armed lletarists. Thus, on the '2 dof June, ten
of 'Ypsilanti's band were taken in a village and
executed in their black uniforms, at the end of•
the bridge that leads to the Turkish camp. TWO
Greeks of Bucharest, who had taken part in the
rebellion, experienced the seine fate.
The Caimacans of the newly appointed Prince
Callimachi had not arrived at EAueharest.,
Crajowa is already occupied by time troops of'
the Pacha of,Widdin, which push their advanced
posts along the River Alata, to the neighbour-
hood of Rimnick.
According to the testimony of an eye witness,
Theodore Wladimiresko, soon after his ar-
rival at Pitercht, was surprised by Captain
Jordali, arrested, and conducted in chains, with
a strong escort, to Ypsilanti, at Tergowist.
JUNE 18.--The executions of the Christians at
continue. There is no chance of
escape, for all the vessels are visited before they
leave the port, and every Christian subject of
the Porte found on board is put to death. The
Greeks in that capital are dreading above all
things to receive news of the successes' of their
countrymen, as a general massacre of them would
most probably be the consequence.
As the vessels with corn for Constantinople,
from Egypt and the Mediterranean, have been in-
tercepted by the Greek fleet, it is feared a scar-
city will be the consequence, and may lead to
the greatest excesses on the part 'of the populace.
The insurrection in Bulgaria seems to have
made little progress, for the last express from
Constantinople travelled through that province
without molestation. On 'the other hand, we
learn from Semlin, under date of the Gth of June,
that the Pacha of %%ridden had sent a reinforce- -
ment of 600 men to Belgrade, and that the Ser-
vians refused them a passage,: and replised the
Turks by force, with the loSs of more than a
hundred men. We have no authentic accounts
of this event.

CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY 25.—The Porte is
ncessantly occupied with armaments to bur

press the insurrection hi Moldavia and Wallachia•

It pays equal attention to the measures carrying
on to suppress the insurrection in the Morea aria
Negropont, and to destroy the Greek- Alps that
infest the Archipelago. Morali Pasha, who Was
for some days in the neighbourhood of this city,
is gone with about 12,000 men to Rome
is said to have orders to enter Wallachia, i"
way of Rudschuck.

Cara Feisi, one of the few Ayans of IternelP4
has received the horse-tails, and with them the
of 7000 men, with which he is to j°4l
the Pasha of Widdin, and advance towards Cr 3,;
jowa. The Pasha of Ibrailow (as before sfate";
has passed the Danube, and taken Galati
, afte"
a spirited resistance ; and several troops
petted from Asia will probably soon be asseaw—
about the capital.
t
On the 18th another division of the fleet
put to sea ; it consists of one 74, 3 frigatesii;jeli
3 brigs. These, and a ship of the ".
=-
sailed this morning, after taking in the. arn
nition, Sze. at •St. Stefano and Gallip°l" sailedd
to the _Dardanelles. They are line vessels, and
well equipped, but have notsulkicje°
rebellion of the Greeks having de
The Admiralty priveu
Go-
vernment of the best sailors. h
has invited sailors of all nations, who
three months pay in advance. it is hoped that
the crews will be completed in the Dardanelles.
satisfactory aCv
The Guernment has receiNed receive
