SPEECH OF THE EMPEROR, &c.
-( From the _Mario da:Assembka. )
The Preparatory Sittings .began on the 17th of
April, 1823, in pursuance of a Decree of the 10th of the same
month. , Fifty-two Deputies were assembled, and they proceed-
ed to the election of a President and Secretary. A COnimittee
of five was then appointed for the purpose of verifying tiw lega.
litrof the elections of the several Deputies. The examination
of the returns occupied 'the first and second days of the Ses.
The following form of Oath was then read by Senor A.
DRADA 311ditano, and; after some dilcussion, adopted : ,
I ;Wear todiseharge, with loyalty and fidelity, the duties
Oa Deputy to the General Consutuent Legislative Assembly
of Brazil, convoked for the purpoae of funning a Political Con..
stitution for the Empire of Brazil; and of -executing other ur.
gent and indispensable reforms, upholding the Roman Apos.
tolic and Catholic and the integrity and independence
of the Empire,' without adMitting any bond of union or federa.
tion with any nation whatsoever which may oppose itself to such
integrity and independence.; and to uphold likewise the Con.
atitutionalpnwer end the dynasty.tif the Lord Don Prmto,,our
first EMperor;and his descemlantis."... s: • 1 ' -
On the Ist of May the Assembly attended the celtibiatien of
High 11Iass.in: theimperial Chapel, when the Deptilfes took
the path above-mentioned. • •
(in•the return of the MeMbers:to.the_ Hall a very lively dis.
• cussion took place , with respect to the fixing the salary to be
paid each Deputy.
Senor M ACIIAP 0, in an animated speech, reprobrated the no-
tion of their receiving pity_fbr, the performance of their legisla.
five duties, and appealed' to the practice of England and France..
The conversation terminated without• the adoption of anyfinal.
measure.
Another and more spirited debate then arose as to whether
the reply of the President of`the Chamber to the opening speech
of his Imperial-Majesty should be extemporaneous, or whether
it should not be Made the subjeetof deliberation and discussion
as in England. ' •• '
Senor Macitano-objected to the investing the President with
such a privilege, as his reply must either be in general terms,
•and then it would be useless; .or he might compromise the dig.
pity and rights of the Chamber by expressing gratitude when
he ought to use, the language of censure.
He was called to order by Senor Dm for improper and illi-
beral language.
Senor.Alacitario continued—l cannot conceal my surprise,
Mr. President, on bearing the- (theme- of illiberality brought
againit me, who have been from my, earliest years a champion
of Brazilian freedom, Is it illiberal ,to talk about our using
" the language of censure ?" I will tell that Hon. Member,
for his instruction, that these are the eXpiessions of the Russel's,
the Sydneys, the Burkes, the. Foxes, the Grettans, and of all
the other„great Statesmen uf that celebrated nation which first
presented tite practical. solution .orthe. grand problem of liberty
without licentiousness. These expressions have been uttered
without interruption in die halls of those intrepid Commoners
and those Noble Peers who know so well how to reconcile the
nationidllignitY with a just respect,for their Supreme Execu4
tive, No'deciition, howeVer, took place upon the question
in consequence-of there not being a sufittient number of Mem-
bers present.
On the 3d of May his Imperial Majesty attended the As,
serubly, for the:purpose of assisting, at its solemn installation.,
He was received With beconung ceremony, and on taking his
seat upon the throne prOnounced tbe,following discOurse:—
SPEECH OF THE EMPEROR..
" Worthy R,epreaFttativos of .Brazilian Nation—This
is the most important day which Brazil has ever yet beheld a-
day on which, for the'first time, the tuition demonstrates to the.
world that it possesses a OtiVerhment, and that that Govern
ment is a free one. ' How great must my satisfaction be at thus.
witnessing the aisembled ReprOentatives of:I the different pro.
vinces of the Empire brought together for the purpose of pro.
ninnicating to each other their mutual interests, anti erecting'
upon them a jest and liberal Constitution, ',for their future go.
vertiment. NVe "ought before this to have possessed a national
representation but the nation was either unacquainted with
its real interests, or was unable to declare and maintain them'
on account of thrpoWer, and predorninance of the Portnguese
party ; 6 party which, being well aware of the state of weak.
sloes otapoeertie n enui:al was redueed, 'and the still
lower grade of deetvlaiieli into witteh • anti tragta
willing to consent (featlitfrthat a separation would be the con-
sequence of our freedom) that the people of Brazil should en-
joy such u.representation as they now possess. Our crafty con..
querom Were deceived; and out of that deception has all our
good :fortune sprttpg,
" Brazil, which-for three bemired year:Shen-the unworthy
name of colony, and Siiffered,- at the same time, all the calami-
ties which arose froth the ruinous system then in force, as seen
as our Lord Don John VI. King of Portugal and dilgarves,
my august Father, raised her to the condition of a.kingdorn,
by thel)ecrbe of lfith December, 11114, exulted with toy. Por.
tugal, on the other hand, was filled With rage, and trembled
with apprehension. The delight which the people of this vast
continent shelved on that occasion was unexampled ; but they
did not witness in the train of this political measure another
which should have followed it, and that was, the convocation
or a national AsseMbly Mt the organization of the new king-
dom. Brazil, ever . sincere in its conduct, and mortified at
having borne.the iron yoke for so many years before, and even
after this measure, seized. the occasion when liberty was pro-
claimed, in- Portugal, to send forth a cry, for the " Portuguese
Constitution ;" fondly trusting that such a proof Of. confidence
in her European brethren would be: rewarded with their. aid'
in freeing herself from the foul monsters which were destroy.
ing her most vital parts. . •country, never
meant Inhabitants of Brazil, who truly loved their
meant to submit to any Constitution under. which all mert.
did not share equal rights, or whose objects were to change
them suddenly from, freemen into slaves. The obstacles, how-
ever, which, previously to, the 2Gth April, 021, were opposed
to Braziliani liberty, and which afterwards continued to exist
through the aid of European troops, becanie also the cause:
why this people, fearing that they Might not be able to possess
an Assembly of their own, were allured,to follow the infamous
example of the Portugnese Cortes, and to see Whether they coult
not,, by making. such sacrifices, escape the instilts (If thedeoa,
goes party which predominated in our hemisphere. But this
availed nothing; we were so maltreated by the European troops
that I myself was obliged to order them to the other side of the
river,—to plaCe them in a state of iliege,-:-to command them to
embark and proceed beyond the bar, in order to save the honour
of Brazil, anti to enable us to enjoy that freedom which
was ours- by right as well as liy.desire, and gain which, all
our labours would have been ineffectual,fro
if
ur wefoe coolswhen amongst
a few
ourselves have given way to.a parts, hostile to the sacred cause.
Still we were not entirely liberated m,o
days afterwards another expedition arrived in our port which
had been sent from Lisbon to protect us. I took upon my-
eel(' the protection of the Empire and refused to receive it.
Pernambuco did the same, anti liable,. which watt the first to
adhere to Portugal; in 'reward for us good faith, and its-late
discovery of the true course which it ought to. pursue, 'in
the present day suffering from the cruel war of these Van-
dals, and its city, occupied by them alone, . is on the poineof
being razed to. the ground, because they cannot defend them-
selves in it any longer.
" Behold then that liberty which Portugal is desirous of giv-
ing to Brazil; she would 'Condemn us to slavery and bring
about our titter ruin were we anY longer to ebey her orders ;
and this . would have happened hut for those heroic exertions
which, through the medium of representations, first made
by the Junta of Saint Paul and the Chamber of this capi,
tale and after, then by the. other Junta of the Governments,
and the other, Chambers, all eniting to implore me td, remain
amongst you.. It appeared to me that Brazil would b reduced
to misery if I had not attended to, them as, I did attend.
Well did I know_that it was also my duty to listen to these re.
guests, althotigh it might exPase UiY own life; 'bat, as it was
in defence of the Empire. I was.ready, as I am now and ever
will be, to sacrifice it when neeessary. I pronounced these
words:—aeit is for the good of 'llll,and for the general happiness
of the nation, let the people be informed that I will remain : 're-
.
commending to them, td the same time, unity and tranquillity.
I began immediately to prepare ourselves for iepelling,the at-
tacks of our enemies, till then coneealed, hitt afterwards de.
tected either in our own viontry or in the democratic Cortes of
Portugal, pointing otilt, thole Immures of_ precaution whielt
prudence dictated to the differen! public offices, particularly
those of the Interior and of the foreign Affairs, whiehl still
continue, and which will be communicated to you at the ono.
,
per time.
cc The state of the public treasury was the most unfavoitr-
able, Inasmuch as, until Within the last.four or five months;

there was.only.'a proviaciel revenue. „INS' ig.nat'o4-1 it irPl)6."''
, . • ,
sible to distribute the revenue in the necessary proportione, as
it was insufficient to, pay. the,creilitors of the -state the public.
Officers in actual employ, and' for .the stippott of,roy own ego,
blistinkent., which amounted to a fourth part of that of the 'King,
my august'Father. That of his family exceededfor
mine, did not amount to one. In spite,. howevereof very Con.
siderable diminutions, I was not satisfied when',l•obsereed that
tho:exPenditurti greatly exceeded the 'lncome,. and, therefore,
restricted-myself to the habits of a private individual, receir.
ing only now mil-reas for all the expeuces of my household,
'excepting these of the Empress' my beloved wife, to whom
was continued the:allowances fixed by her .marriage settle-
ments. Note, howeVer, contented with making, these reduc-
tions ih my own household, where I began, I watched all the
distributione of the taxes as was my duty, desirous of abridg..
ing their expencea as well as of preventing their miseppropri,,
anon. [Here his Imperial Majesty proceeded to state that,
during the agitation of the public mind, and the deficiencies
of the public revenue,. the Bank, which had hem on the
verge of bankruptcy, was enabled, by the transmit ion of
two, hundred millions in coin by the King, John the Sixth,
to redeem - its ,notes and re.testablish its credit, The dif.
ferent Officers of Government received their salaries the
• soldiery were paid, and the Provicial Governments furnished
with-the means of defence.]
" Among the extraordinary expellees of the country were
to be included the freight of the 'ships employed in the differ-
ent expeditienns which sailed from this port for Lisbon, the cost
of some vessels, and the arrangements for others, the payments
of the civil and military Officers of Goveinfitent,.,eind the al-.
fiiwances made to the refugees. expelled by the.' Violated Ot.
-factions and tumults in the provinces'. The expences have
been, no doubt, very great ; but still nothing has been taken,
eXcept from the Chest of Gratuities and Sequestretious did
-property of those whe wore absent ter political opinions, Mid
the Chest of Loans (which had contracted a debt of 400,0414)
milreas-in the purchase of vessels of .war fur the defence of the
Empire), and the jewels from the Chest of Administration.-.-,
Throughout all parts of the Administration the greatest reforms
lire taking piece, but more particularly in that of the Exche-
quer, the principal resource of the State. The army was deli-•
cient in ammunition; soldiers,. and discipline ;—the arnmuni-
thin has li4en promptly completed, 'tiddlers are enlisting daily,,
and our discipline will soon be on a footing with that'of: the
best troops in the world:, Twice have I sent succour to the
provinee,of Bahia; once a corps of 240 men, and the second
time 7sb men, Comprising a battalion called the Imperial Rat-
talion, which was enlisted, armed, anti fitted out. in the space
of eight tleys.. Besides this, there have been formed a regiment
.of foreigners, and a battalion of artillery, composed of mantle
mined slaves, both of which will be completed in a short time.
The labours of the arsenal are proceeding with the greatest
activity, in roeking preparations. for the defence of the pro.
Ames, all of'which front Paiayba to ilitmtevideo will 'receive
whatever aid they may require. • '
" All the artillery and fortifications of this place were in a
state of dilapidation, but they have been repaired and coin-.
pleted with the greatest promptitude. 'With 'respect ; to: other
military works, the walls of the fortresses have. been .. repaired
or wholly rebuilt. At all points where any defence might he
made against thediaembarkatioris and attacks of the enemy,
new •-entrenchments, forts, redoubts, covered Ways, and con
-
aided batteries have been constructed. The barracks of Ca-
rioca have been built, and others are building. The grena-
diers ate employed on these works. • Formerlk the .Navy :eons
slated merely of a single frigate, the Uniontrbadly fitiedaut
of a corvette on the the stocks; and few small
anti insigni-
ficant vessels. At present we have the. Ship of the line ,Don
Pedro,..the 'frigates .Piranga, Carolina, end Nictevohy ; the
corvettes Maria, and Liberal now ready, and another which
is in preparation ; two brigs of war 'corriplete, and 'two -others
preparing; and, in addition. to all these, several vein:enters.,
I expect soon to have six more frigate* of fifty guns each, and
completely ready for sea, having urade the necessary arrange-
ments for that purpose. The-ctist‘will not exceed two hundred
millions of. reas, according: to. the estimates which have been
laid before me. ,In ~the Marine Arsenal the vessels in actual
service heve been fitted oui, and Several ..gun-hoitte have been
construtted, and other very, important labours have been per-
formed. l'have likewise given orders for the building of a 40
gun frigate here, which will be completed in the course of the
present year, or by the middle of the next. With regard to
. the public works, much has been done. The.palace.in the
square of acclamation has been rebuilt forAhe use of the police ;
the square itself has been drained, and made into a pleasant
• iireeseeetie. The greater part of the aqueducts of eevioca
end Meracanha has-been eurirtruateil. The streets have been,
improvisi, and some of the bridges repaired, and others rebuilt.
Notwithstanding these and other espeneee, thbcity-chest, which
in 1021 was indebted sixtyatillion of rem ia new clear of all
dent, and contains upwards et' sixty_ thousand erusitoos.
" I haie made every exertion for the advancement of the
public studies, more particularly those of legislation. A large
callectiortof well chosen. books has been purchased for the
public library ; the number of schools has been increased, and
convinced of the excellence of the Lancasteriati method of
instruction, I have established a school for the.purpose of
putting it in operation. The seminary of Sun Joachim,
_ori-
ginally devoted to the ethiCation of yoUth but converted into
I
an hospital for the European troops, have restored its
original destination, and having granted a lottery, in aid of. the
Casa di illisericordia, and the Foundling Hospital, I have
ordered a part of the proceeds of that lottery tube applied is
the Seminar of San Joachim. It is attended by an immense
-number of Students. •
"'The first time I visited the Foundling hospital J found
seven infants anti two nurses, but neither . cradles nor Clothing.
On looking at the returns,. I saw that in thirteen years the ex.
perices amounted to tWelve thousand dollars, whilst the revenue
was scarcely one thousand. By the aid of, the lottery, however,
they have been enabled to, erect a house suited to the establish-
ment, containing upwards of thirty wards, and nearly as in.any
'nurses, and tinder the best regulations. These things deserve
your most attentive consideration. .
" After having done so much for this Province, my views
were directed towards the other' parts of the Empire. By a
• Deereeof the 16th of February last, 1 .convoked Council of
State,. composed of Procurators-general, elected by the people,
and deeired them to make the proper representations to me
of whatever might be conducive to the welfare .of the re..
spectivc provinces. But this was not the sole motive _end; end
of my convoking the Council of State. The principal object
was, that the Braziliansenight be convinced of the tionstitit,
tionality of my intentions, and the strong desire I had that
this loyal, grateful, gallant, andlienne nation .should be repre.
i • sented n a General Constituent and Legislative Assembly,.
which has at length been .effected, under the Decree of the :td
of June last, made at the request of • the people, through the
channels of its Chambers, Procurators-General, anti my Cone.
cillors of' State.
I deeply regretted that Brazil had not hitherto en,ipytel a
national representation, and when eireuntatanees forced me tel
adopelegisletive measures, 1 truated that it nkight not beicorad-
tiered that they were engaged in, by me out ot any wild ambi.
don for legislating, or with the Wish of arrogating to myself
authority which I ought only to share with others, Those mea-
sures were taken fir the welfare of Brazil, anti as long as this
-Assembly remained uneonvokede the three powers of the na-
tion resided in me, as its supreme And .perpetual de-
fender. Although some of the Measures were very, severe, yet
the danger was great; and our-enmities (thank God I there are
.no more of them 4111011 et UK!). were encompassing us on every
side.' I did not: spare, nor will I ever spare, myself any )labour,
however great it may be, which May produce the' slightest be-
nefit to the 'nation. • .• •
'' When the inhabitants of the rich and. important. province
of4lie Mines were bending under die iron yoke of its•foolish
Governor, who disposed of it at' his will, and stirred up its
.agamst me rather than
peaceful and quiet. inhabitant* to acts of disobedierkee towutrds
me,- I marched against them whit my servants only 4. I con.:
vinceel the Governor and his followers of, the crime they had
rwearfle'etriert Vinrited to Portugal. *When
cornmitted, and in which they wished te persist ; but I par.
atlgonttietliisithtehten
nation,, l c a u saes their
-amongst the brave inhabitants of St. Paul, that beautiful and
_rliartniug province, there epriing lip it. petty. of 'Porteiguese
and
Corte
dgegoefileurie4lll,,ryazitilinci worn
.out
.outPortegalt get out ins
, tlitiposett to join with the
inedietely for that province : I Altered it with Out fear, be.
cause I knew .that the whole population loved me ; I took pre.
caution as appeared necessary,-anti there, for the first time,
was our independence proclaimed, at the tnernorable siege of
Piratiga,
". It wasin the most faithful. province of ltibeiro that I was
.first proclaimed Emperor. Great, indeed-, was my diStrees, at
riot being able to proteed to Bahia as I desired, to mix• ray,
blood withthat of the warriors, who were se gallantly, fighting
far. their. country, At every cost, even at the hatard of. nay
Ife, would ',have proved my claim to the title which the People
