POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

A woman, named Mary Lambert, who had been
confidentially employed as housekeeper in a highly
respectable tradesman's house in the City, was brought
before the Lord Mayor, charged with felony.
Thomas Hobell, foreman in the service of Mr. Ban-
nister, of No. 17, Threadneedle-street, butcher, stated
that his employer had, for some time past, supplied
meat to Mr. Sanford, of Bishopsgate-street, to whom
the prisoner was housekeeper, and from the books it
appeared that, on the 26th of September last, a leg of
mutton, a leg of pork, a breast of veal, and two kidneys,
were sent to Mr. Sanford's house.

Mary Whitfield, a charwoman, stated that she had
been employed about fifteen months by the prisoner to
work in Mr. Sanford's house. At the latter end of
September last the prisoner packed up a leg of pork and
a leg of mutton in a basket, and directed witness to take
the basket and leave it at her son's house in Princes-
place, illackfriars-road. Witness took the articles as
directed, and left them in the room where the pri-
soner's son and daughter were. The account given by
the prisoner to the witness about the transaction was
that the contents of the basket were for the wedding-
dinner of her daughter, who was just going to be
married.

Mr. Henry Sanford, jun., son of the prosecutor,
who carries on the business of a wholesale ironmonger
at No. 180, Bishopsgate Without, stated that the
prisoner had been in his father's employment as a
housekeeper about three years, and had the sole
management of the housekeeping, being entrusted to
purchase, to pay for, and to prepare all the provisions
for the establishment in town. Witness found that the
joints of meat alluded to by the former witness formed
part of the bill which was specified in the book pro-
duced, and which was paid for by his father's check.
Th, prisoner was never authorised to give away, or
otherwise dispose of the provisions entrusted to her
care, and there was every reason to believe that rob-
bery to a great extent had been committed in the house-
keeper's department. The prisoner's wages were liberal,
and she was considered to be a confidential servant.

Sergeant Dick, of the City police, stated that on
Saturday last he took the prisoner into custody, on the
charge of having disposed of the meat in the manner
described. She admitted at once that she had had the
joints alluded to, but she declared that it was her in-
tention to pay for them. In a box in drawers, which
the prisoner said belonged to her, witness found two
sovereigns, one of which she claimed as her own, and
the other sho stated was the property of her master.
The prisoner said thit she had no idea of plundering
her master, and that she had never done anything of
the kind before.
She was committed for trial.

A smooth-tongued Irish woman, who stated that her
name was Simmons, was brought before Alderman
Wilson, charged by Horstord, a constable in the em-
ployment of the Mendicity Society, with having carried
on her trade in the city.
Horsford. said that he saw the prisoner, whose name
was not Simmons, but Morris, act off on a begging ex-
pedition from a celebrated rendezvous of begging letter
impostors called the White Bear, in company with a
man named Finlay, who was an old hand, and had
been frequently convicted. Witness perceiving that
they were on a cruise, followed them, and perceived
the woman going into a banking-house. Finlay, upon
seeing witness, got away out of sight in an instant.
The woman, it was found, had assisted her elo-
quence by a letter, which represented that her hus-
band was lying in a deplorable state in Westminster
Hospital, and that she had four children at home quite
destitute. The case was recommended by a respectable
person, who no doubt had been imposed on by her, and
who contributed to her pretended wants.
Alderman WILsoN—A great deal of mischief is done
by gentleman who are ready to believe every tale of
distress, and whose signatures are used as a sort of
sanction to applications for charity.
The Mendicity Officer said there was no doubt as to
the fact that the prisoner had imposed upon the gentle-
man in question. Witness had ascertained that there
was a man of the name of Simmons in the Westminster
Hospital, so that if a superficial inquiry were made the
woman's story would appear to be borne out. The
man, however, had nothing at all to do with the prisoner.
Sergeant Woodroffe said that the prisoner told him
that she did not know where her husband was.

Alderman WILSON remanded the prisoner, and de-
sired that the gentleman who had rewarded her case
should be requested to attend.

GUILDHALL.

Alfred Sakw-4 a watchmaker, was charged by Mr.
James Days, of 22., Birchin-lane, with a misdemeanour,
under the following circumstances :
Mr. Days stated that he was a watch and chronometer
maker, and some time since gave a goldwatch, and the
interior works of another, to the prisoner to repair,
soon after which he absconded, and he (Mr. Days) was
unable to find him, notwithstanding every exertion
being :used, until this morning, when he met him by
chance, and gave him in charge to a policeman.
Salmon, in his defence, said that he was on his way
to return the articles to the prosecutor, when, meeting
some friends, he became intoxicated, and lost the
property.

. .
Alter some conversation the case was adjourned to
Thursday, to gain information as to whether the charge
was to be considered as one of felony or misdemeanour.

TRIAL of the ABBE LAMENNAIS.

ASSIZES OF THE SEINE.-SITTING OF DEC. 26.

The crowd was so considerable at the opening of the
Court, that the lawyers, finding no plaue, were obliged
to take refuge on the steps of the raised circle on which
the Judges sit. There were numbers of reserved scats.
Chateaubriand, Cormenin, Garnier Pages, and
many deputies were present. M. Lamennais and Pa-
guerre, his printer, were at the bar. M. Mauguin and
M. Benoist, as his counsel, were near him. The rid•
vocate-General was M. Partarien Lafosse.

At half-past ten the Judge, M. Frey, opened the
Court. The accused were then asked their names,
and answered as—Felicite Robert Lamennais, aged
59 ; A. L. Paguerre, aged 35.
The Greffier then read the arret, to the purpose
that, in October, Paguerre published a pamphlet, en-
titled "Le Gouvernment, par M. Lamennais." The
attention of the Ministry was called to it, and it was
seized on the 19th. Some copies were seized at La-
mennais's, and 5,000 at the printer's. Lamennais and
Paguerre were indicted for four misdemeanours. Ist,
For exciting hatred and contempt towards the Go-
vernment ; 2d, For infringing the respect due to the
laws ; 3d, For apologizing said crimes ; 4th, For pro-
voking hatred between different classes of society.

The other counts came befoie the Court in f•lovem-
her, and the accused were condemned in their absence
to two years' imprisonment and 5,000 francs fine.
M. Lamennais owned having written the pamphlet.

. .
The Advocate-General then began as follows :
Gentlemen of the Jury, the celebrity of certain
writers in crimes of the press may be regarded
under a double aspect. Some see in this cele-
brity a guarantee against persecution, and consider
that a great intelligence cannot write what is
wrong ; that criticism alone has the right to cen-
sure, and that such pens are not responsible before a
criminal jurisdiction. The public ministry of justice
cannot admit or participate in such sympathies ; how-
ever, it may be fully alive to the great productions of high
and enlightened minds. But the more celebrated the
writer, the greater was his power and sphere of harm.
His responsibility is in proportion to his talent. And, in
a country like France, so attached to equality, there was
no head so high as to be privileged or above the laws.
An inculpated article takes its character not only
from what it contains, but also from the circumstances in
which it has been written. Now, the articles of M. La-
mennais appeared on the 13th October, an epoch in which
the troubles proceeding from the coalitions of the work-
ing classes were far from being appeased. At
this epoch also had arisen the greatest question
which had been agitated since the revolution of
July, namely, that of war or peace. it was in these
circumstances that the publication of M. Lamennais
appeared. Its size showed clearly that it was not in-
tended for a public of learned men, but for the mass of
the population. The subject treated in it showed also
that the book of the accused was addressed to the burn-
ing passions excited by the question of the day. The
Advoeatc-General then read several extracts from the
pamphlet of M. Lamennais, to the purport that th•
police poignarded the people. He then read other
extracts, including the following :—" If from the
administrative order we pass to the judicial, the
picture is mere sombre still. The Jury abolished in
those causes where it is most required has destroyed
the first of social links, and justice itself has become an
oppression. Tyranny has made of it an arm, thus strik-
ing under a sacred veil. But this has always been
during the most horrible epochs of humanity. Montes-
quieu has declared that there is no more cruel tyranny
than that which is exercised under the semblance of jus-
tice. ,44 tyrant never wants instruments ; and the
senate which had the chief judicial power under Tiberius
became as vile as he could have wished. Afterwards
the lives of the Emperors became more secure ; they
were able to die in their beds, and so they became less
ferocious in spilling blood. But if there were no
massacres, there were still infamous sentences.
There were more artifices, arts, meanness, and as
much petty oppression as in sanguinary times,
&c. The zeal of political justice was excited by
less than political crime. The aristocracy of wealth
was to be flattered and secured, and their serfs
wero to be punished whenever they dared to clamour
for bread ; and when they merely sought to be heard
by their delegates, they received an answer in being
beaten down to the pavement, and crammed by hundreds
into prisons. An executive abuse had been intro-
duced under the Restoration, which the Government
of the 7th of August has stretched to the utmost : he
meant arrest. Under any pretext soever, even
the most futile, a man can be seized, imprisoned,
tormented in every way, separated from his friends,

and associated with thieves and assassins. Thus he
awaits for an indefinite length of time the hearing of
Lis cause, which may be adjourned at pleasure.lt
may be prolonged for months, nay, even for years, if it
please the Ministers of Justice. They can take the
first person they please from his family and his affairs,
ruin him, torture him, and plunge his wife and children
into the most frightful misery ; far from having any-
thing to fear, Ido not say from punishment, but from
the blame of such a monstrous abuse of power, they
arc thanked for their zeal. When a people has come
to that point, one can no more speak either of
liberty or of society." The Advocate General
then read a passage from the eighty-eighth
page of the publication :—" Tell me, 0 peo-
ple, what are you What you are ! If I open
the charter, I find a solemn declaration of your sove
reignty. This was written after your victory. If I
look upon the facts, I see that there is not, and never
was slavery equal to thine ; for ancient slavery did not
deprive a man of his liberty, but yours deprives you even
of life. A pariah in politics, you are out of politics nothing
but a machine for working. 'To the fields,' your mas-
ters say, 'sow and reap for us.' You know what you
are told in other places ; you know what is the reward
of your fatigues, your watching, and the sweat of your
brow. If crowded together into ignorance and poverty,
decimated by maladies engendered by hunger, by
cold, and the infectious air of the garrets to which
you retire after the labour of the day and part
of the night, you ' demand some relief, you fall
under the sword, you are shot at, or, like the ox
at the shambles, you fall under the blows of paid and
patented assassins. Then the gaols are open for your
reception, the legal sovereign is enthroned, and correc-
tional judges send you to prison ; for, 0 people— you
must know it, workmen have no right to communicate
with each other even for the amelioration of their lot
A plot may be laid in the infamous den of the Bourse to
spoil the simple fundholders, or to commit robberies
of fifteen or of even twenty millions. 'this is permitted ;
and if public indignation force the authorities to bring
these matters to light they will insure merely a mock
inquest, which would find no one guilty : for the
guilty would be found in too high a station. There
are no crimes supposed to be in that region. But if
simple workmen get together, not to rob or swindle the
public, but to come to an understanding for their mutual
interest, and discuss their interests with their employers,
this is an unpardonable crime. Nothing but a prison can
expiate it ; and this they have been so severely taught,
as to be by this time superabundantly convinced of it.
Underneath the official class thirty-three millions of per-
sons were declared by the President of the Council de-
prived of all their claims, as no one can have any right
except those which are granted by law ; and in that case
rights only begin in France with the amount of 200 francs
tax-paying, the last farthing of these 200 francs elevating
a person from the state of a brute to the state of man ;
for what would be a man stripped of his rights ?" After
having read over the different incriminated passages,
which take up almost the whole book, the Advocate-
General added a few words on the position of the
editor in the cause, and then again spoke of the prin-
ciples accused. In 1820 he (M. Lamennais)
was ultraonontane, would see the source of all truth
in the tongue of the Pope, and would have kings'
sceptres laid at the Papal foot. Now the same man re-
bels against the Holy Father, and scandalizes his old
friends by declaring himself an unbeliever. He pub-
lishes a work on philosophy, which excludes all ideas of
religion. In his politics there is the same inconstancy.
Absolutist under the restoration, breathing ineffable dis-
dain for democracy, he throws himself now upon his
knees before that very democracy which be has scarcely
ceased to curse.

M. Mauguin, counsel for M. Lamennais, said, that
though one of the most eminent writers of the day was
the accused, he was charged with his defence only, not
his eulogium. The accusation depicted all the varia-
tions in Lamennais's opinions ; representing him as
a factious priest ten years ago, the bitterest enemy
of the Revolution—of its ideas, and its sons. I (said
Mauguin) shall only explain this by saying that La-
mennais is always the enemy of what is menacing and en-
croaching. Fifteen years ago the power of the King was
most encroaching, most to be dreaded. Lamennais sought
a check and counterpoise to it in the authority of the
Church and the Pope. The revolution of July changed
this state of things, and Lamennais changed with it. Ile
saw in that revolution the sanction of general as-
sent, which he did not sac in the monarchy of July.
The Advocate-General was mistaken in saying thai
Lamennais's pamphlet was written or published
during the strike of the operatives. It was published
a month later, when the questions on war or peace
had sprung up. Lamennais attacked the Thiers cabinet,
and all preceding cabinets, when accused of labouring to
enslave Franco at home, and betray it abroad. 'This is
his chief assertion, which, if true, let the jury acquit him ;
if false, let it condemn him. M. Mauguin then drew a
picture of the great hopes and prospects, the popular
conquests and popular alliances offered to France by the
revolution of July, all of which he represented as lost
and thrown away in 1840. Ile then proceeded to
Egypt and the Paella, and Lord Melbourne's threat of
sweeping French armaments from the sea ; and
wound up with the threat of the weekly paper,
the John Bull, to rase Paris to the ground. To
this state of humiliation France had been brought
by M. Thiers and M. Guizot. M. Mauguin
then dwelt on the project of enclosing Paris
with bastilles. Lamennais, he said, was indignant at all
these things, and spoke out the popular indignation.
He called for reform ; he was the defender of humanity,
and as such the Jury would not condemn him.

M. Coraly then spoke in defence of Paguerre.
M. Lamennais was asked if he had anything to say,
whereupon he took out a bit of paper, and read the fol-
lowing :
" I should have nothing to add to the defence which
you have just heard, if I did not wish to explain my-
self on a certain point more important than the
immediate results of this trial. The movement of
men's minds of the times in which we live—times of dis-
quietude and doubt—throw men into many different
paths. Hence the confused multiplicity of contrary doc-
trines which always start up at epochs of transition and
renewal. Society wavers between a past that is extinct
and a future that is not yet developed, and when there is
no common belief. But this state of things ought not to
create alarm, nor give rise to vain efforts to put a stop
to it. Human nature of itself will get out of the
difficulty without our persecution or our med-
dling. I accept some of the ideas current—l reject
others. I will not enter into an examination of
different systems ; all deserve to be heard ; and public
mama would bear and pass judgment upon all. I call
with my whole soul for the amelioration of the lower
classes, and declare that this ought to be effected with-
out anarchy, or perturbation, or by disorder, but by
tranquil and progressive measures. Family and pro-
perty, united to moral belief, should be the bases of so-
ciety. This was w hat I wished to proclaim."
The jury withdrew at half-past seven, and at ten re-
turned to the Court. On the four articles of indict-
ment, it declared him guilty of three ; viz., of exciting
hatred against the Government—of showing disrespect
to the law—and of writing an apology for acts declared
crimes by the law. But on that count which accused
him of exciting hatred between different classes of so-
ciety, Lamennais was declared not guilty.
The Judges then condemned him to one year's im-
prisonment, and 2,000 francs fine, with costs.

EXTENSION OF THE METROPO-
LITAN POLICE.

Our readers are aware that within the last few mouths
the Metropolitan Police district has been extended to a
distance of fifteen miles from Charing-cross ; and all the
old constabulary in the respective districts have been
done away with. The new system appears to give great
satisfaction to the inhabitants of the extended district
generally, and they feel that they receive a much greater
degree of protection, both as regards person and pro-
perty, than they possessed under the old system.
Although, however, the extension has now taken place
for several months, it would appear that the arrange-
ments connected with it, are rather defective. In the
first instance, in very few places station•houses were
provided, and it is only within a short time that one wns
provided in the town of Kingston. At Croydon, at the
present time, there is no proper station, or indeed any
convenience for the police stationed there ; and the only
place for the safe keeping of any prisoners, is what is
called the parish cage, and a certain sum is demanded
by the parish for every prisoner taken there,
which the constables frequently have to pay
out of their own pockets, as there is no fund from
whence such expenses can be drawn. Another very
great inconvenience arises from the different jurisdic-
tion of Magistrates created by the Police Courts Act,
and the Police Act. The latter Act extends to a dis-
tance of fifteen miles from Charing Cross, but no sin-
gle county Justice can act under it, and no proceedings
can be taken under that Act in the county districts,
unless two Justices, at least, are present ; and as it very
frequently happens that two Magistrates cannot be
foiled, except upon the special days for the Petty Ses-
sions, the Act is to a great extent a dead letter. 1 t
would be very desirable that this state of things should
be remedied, either by giving county Justices the same
power as the stipendiary Magistrates, or else to create
all the respective districts into Police Courts, and thus
do away with the present inconvenient state of things.

PROTESTANTISM IN HUNGA RY.—The Re-
formed Church is also in a state of disorganisation deeply
to be deplored. There is no established clerical supre-
macy in the country, and there is always confusion and
disorder among the ecclesiastics themselves. its educa-
tional establishments are, however, greatly superior to
those of the Catholics in liberality of spirit, and opportu-
nities of information; a fact admitted by the Catholics
themselves, who confess that the Protestant stwlents
generally distinguish themselves by a higher spiritual and
moral development than their own. Formerly the youths
intended for the Reformed Church received their .1 dues-
Lion in the different German Universities, but since the
last revolutionary movement this system has been inter-
dieted..—Miss Pardoe's City of the Magyar,

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

WAR-OFFICE, DEC. 29, 1840.

13th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Captain C. E. Doherty,
from the 14th Light Dragoons, to be Captain, vice Weston,
who exchanges, Dec. 29. 77 1... I • • =
14th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Captain G. Weston,
from the 13th Light Dragoons, to be Captain, vice C. E.
Doherty, who exchanges, Dec. 29. • •
15th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Assistant-Surgeon E.
Mockler, from the 79th Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice
Reade, who exchanges, Dec. 29. -
Ist or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards—Capt. 11.
Fitzroy to he Capt. and Lieut.-Col„ vice Loftus, who retires;
Lieut. the Hon. H. H. M. Percy, to he Lieutenant and
Captain, by purchase, vice Fitzroy ; J. Rolle Viscount Hinton,
to be Ensign and Lieutenant by purchase, Dec. 29.
9th Regiment of Foot—Ensign A. Layard to be Lieutenant,
by purchase, vice Brownrigg, promoted in the 2d West India
Regiment, Dec. 29.
16th Foot—Lieut. W. Ashmore to be Captain, without par-
chase, vice Colley, deceased, Dec. 29; Ensign W. S Carter,
to be Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Jones, deceased,
Sept. 23 ; Ensign Garratt to be Lieutenant, without purchase,
vice Ashmore ; Quartermaster 'W. Semple to be Ensign,
without purchase, vice Carter, Dec. 29 ; 11. A. Macdonald,
Gent., to be Ensign without purchase, vice Garratt, Dec. 30.
21st Foot—Lieutenant W. J. King, to be Captain without
purchase, vice Nicolls, deceased ; Second Lieutenant .1. I'.
Stuart, to be First Lieutenant, vice King, Oct. 3 ; Gentleman
Cadet A: Bolton, from the Royal Military College, to be Se-
cond Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Stuart, Dec. 29.
22d Foot—Assistant-Surgeon J. Anderson, from the 79th
Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon, Dee. 29.
26th Foot—Major A. S. H. Mountain to be Lieut.-Col.,
without purchase, vice Brevet Col. Oglander, deceased, Dec. 23.
Brevet Major W. Johnstone to be Major, vice Mountain, June
23 ; Lieut. T. Ffrench to be Captain, vice Johnstone, Oct.
31 ; Ensign H. B. Phipps to be Lieutenant, vice Ffrench, Oct.
31 ; Ensign A. F. Wallace to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice
Phipps, whose promotion, by purchase, has been cancell.
Dec. 29 ; Troop Sergeant-Major C. Duperier, from the 4th
Light Dragoons, to be Ensign without purchase, vice Wallace,
Dec. 20.
35th Foot—T. 11. Wilson, Gent., to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Trafford, who retires, Dec. 29.
44th Foot—Ensign G• H. Skipton tu be Lieutenant, with-
out purchase, vice Jenkins, deceased; Ensign and Adjutant
R. Kipling to have the rank of Lieutenant, September 10 ;
W. Swayne, Gent. to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Skip-
ton, Dec. 29.
47th Foot—R. W. Lowry, Gent., to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Coffin, whose appointment has been cancelled,
Dee. 29.

53d Foot—E. S. Docker, Gent., to be Assistant-Surgeon,
vice Bardin, promoted in the 98th Foot, Dec. 29.
60th Foot—Second Lieutenant and Adjutant Thomas Mit•
chell to have the rank of First Lieutenant ; Gentleman Cadet
G. Clapcott, from the Royal Military College, to be Second
Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Brown, promoted in the
68th Foot, Dec, 29.

61st Foot—Ensign T. N. Dalton, to 'be Lieutenant, with-
out purchase, vice Fenwick, deceased, Dec. 14; Ensign A.
Forbes, from the 66th Foot, tebe Ensign, vice Dalton, Dec.3o.
62d Foot—Ensign J. Dane, to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Fulton, deceased, July 28; Ensign R. G übbins
to be Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Elkington, deceased,
Sept. 2.
66th Foot—A. Forbes, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase;
vice Hammond, appointed to the Rifle Brigade, Dec. 29 ;
Gentleman Cadet F. W. Newdigato, from the Royal Military
College, ,to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Forbes, ap-
pointed to the 61st Foot, Dec. 30.
79th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon H. C. Reade, from the 15th
Light Dragoons, to be Assistant-Surgeon, rice Mockler, who
exchanges; H. 13. Oakes, Gent. to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice
Anderson, appointed to the 22d Foot, Dec. 29.
Bth Foot—second Lieut. E. J. V. Brown, from the 60th
Foot, to be Lieutenant, without purchase, ',ico hlackie, pro-
moted, Dec. 29.
96th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon, G. Stewart, from the Staff,
to be Assistant-Surgeon, Dec. 29.
98th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon M. Bardin, from the 53d
Foot, to be Surgeon, vice T. Bourchier, who retires on half-
pay, Dee. 29.
Rifle Brigade—Second Lieutenant G. B. Dawson to be First
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Fergusson, who retires; Ensign
M. M. Hammond, from the 66th Foot, to be Second Lieute-
nant by purchase, rice Dawson, Dec. 29.
2d West India Regiment--Captain J. Allen, to be Major,
by purchase, vice Anderson, who retires ; Lieutenant S.
Brownrigg, from the 9th Foot, to be Captain, by purchase,
vice Cublse, promoted, Dec. 29 ; Lieutenant A. Carden,
from the 41st Foot, to be Captain, by purchase, vice Allen,
Dec. 30.

-- 1
RoyaNewfoundland Vete-an Companies—Ensign and Ad-
jutant W. Jenkins, to have the rank of Lieutenant, Dec. 29.
UNArrAcuED—Major P. MacDougall, from the 4Sth Foot,
to bti Lieutenant-Colonel, without purchase, Dec. 29; Lien.
tenant W. 11. Goode, from the 19th Foot, to be Captain,
without purchase, Dee, 29.
HoserrAi. STAFF—J. C. Dempster, 111. D., to be Assistant-
Surgeon to the Forces, vice Grigor Stewart., appointed to the
96th Foot, Dec. 29.

illEmoßANnum.—The Christian names of Ensign Alms, o 1
the 22d Foot, are Thomas Frederick Hill.

Erratum in thee " Gazette" of 15th December, 1540.
35th Foot—Fir Sergeant-Major George Gore to be Quarter•
master. vice John Connon, who retires upon half-pay, read
Sergeant-Major George Cole to be Quarter-master, &c.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
ELIAS LINDO, coal merchant,Matson'sCottages,Kingsland.
CHARLES KNIGHT and PETER KNIGHT, salesmen,
Ivy-lane, Nevigate Market.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.

JOHN BANKS NICKLIN, ironmonger, Wolverliamp!on

BANKRUPTS.

JAMES JACKSON, grocer, Hammersmith, to surrender,
Jan. 12, at twelve, and Feb. 9, at eleven, at the Court of
Backruptcy. Clark, official assignee, Broad-street-court, New
Broad-street; Lawson, Barge-yard, ltucklersbury.
THONIAs PICKARD, cabinet-maker, Lects, Jan._l2,.at

ten, and Feb. 0, at one, at. the Cornmissioiaere-rjoma. Leeds.

Atkinson, Dibb, and Holland, Leeds; Hawkins, illoxam, and
stocker, New Boswell-court, Lincoln's Inc-fields, Londua.
JAMES JORDAN, cabinet-maker, Leeds, Jan. 12, at
eleven, and Feb. 9, at two, at the Commissioners'-rooms,
Leeds. Michael, Bed Lion-square, Holborn, London ; Bird
and Saunders, Kidderminster; Atkinson, Dibb, and Bolland,
Leeds.

THOMAS JOHN ASHTON, tailo:, Pall-mall, and
CHARLES SUGARS, Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, Jan.
8, at half-past one, and Feb. 9, at twelve, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Groom, official assignee ; Edwards, Bedford-row ;
M‘Gregor, Fig-tree-court, Temple, London.
JOHN COLE, cattle-dealer, Old Byland, Yorkshire, Jan.
2, at the Three Tuns Inn, Think, and Feb. 9, at the flack
Swan Inn, Bedale, Yorkshire, at eleven. Jacques, Battye,
and Edwards, Ely-place, London; Richardson: and Geld,
or Wood, York.
JOHN LLOYD, tanner, Beaumaris, Anglesey, Jan. 13 and
Feb. 9, at ten, at the Albion Hotel, Bangor, Carnaryonshire ;
Lowe, Garey, and Sweeting, Southampton-buildings, Chan-
cery-lane, London; Roberts, Carnarvon.
JOHN SHUFFLEBOTHAM, hat manufacturer, Newcas-
tle-under-Lyme, n d
N v-
e Newcastle-under.
a y
.ms,„,
s_Jan. 12, and Feb. 9, at twelve, at the Globe
under-Lyme. Harding, Newcastle-under-
Lyme;ymond'a Inn, Chancery_lane, London.
I e
\r t
e
WI LLIAM RIC II ARD S, pawnbroker, Northampton, Jan.
4, and Feb, 9, at eleven, at the Dolphin Inn, Northampton-
nNorthampton; Blower and Wizard, Lincoln's Inn-
fields,
HOLM E, attorney at law, Leeds, Jan. 12, and
London.
Feb. 9, at twelve, at the Commissioners'-rooms, Leeds.
Heald, Leeds ; Bell, Brodrick, and Bell, Bow Church-yard,
Cheapside, London.
ROBERT JAMES FOSTER, paper-hanger, Gloucester,
Jan. 11, and Feb. 9, at ten, at the office of Mr. Lovegrove,
Holborn, London ; Lovegrove,
Gloucester.Gucester. Bull, Ely. place,

REBECCA DRENVRY, banker, Penrith, Cumberland,
Jan. 11, and Feb. 9, at one, at the Crown lintel, Penrith.
Chester, Staple Inn, London ; Alaychell, Penrith.
WILLIAM MORGAN, ship-builder, Pill, Somersetshire,
Jan. 5, at one, and Feb. 9, at two, at the Commercial Rouros,
Bristol. White and Whitmore, Bedford-row, London ; Wil-
hams and Barker, Bristol; Bevan, Bristol.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
W. E. Hilton and J. Woolstenhulme, machine makers,
Oldham, Lancashire—G. and 'l'. Rudd, machine makers,
13orough-bridge, Yorkshire—S. Runciman and A. Roberts,
schoolmistresses, Stone, Sussex—J. Barlow, J. Gill, and \V.
B. Hills, wharfingers, Maidstone, Kent—J. Rylands, J. S.
Winfield, and J. Cooper, cotton spinners, Manehester—C.
Crnz and J. Downing, mercers, Cheltenham—G. Parton, A.
Turner, and G. Austin, colour makers, Burslem, Staffordshire
—J. C. and R. Ending, Salvador-house—H. Crocker and W.
W. Campion, coach builders, Tomes, Devonshire--J. Dub-
bing, G. Lamb, and M. Lamb, canvas manufacturers, Bishop
Wearmouth, Durham—H. Simpson and J. Mundy, boot
makers, Winchester—W. Mitchell and T. Field, merchants,
Kingston-upon-Hull—J. T. Coles and T. Barratt, paper
makers, Wookey dills, Wells, Somersetshire—G. R. Robin-
son, T. H. Broctiking, and J. B. Garland, London—E. Thomp-
son P. Thompson, 11. Thompson, and 'l'. Thompson, tallow
chandlers, Liverpool (so far as regards E. and T. Thompson)—
G. B. Chapman and 'W. Kadwell, linen drapers, Nelson-place,
Old Kent-road—G. Tindall and G. I'. Vickerman, ship
brokers, Lime-street.

SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
THOMAS PARK, wine merchant, Glasgow, Jan. 5 and
22, at one, at the Black Bull Inn, Glasgow.
WILLIAAI APNAUGHT and CO., silk mercers, Edin-
burgh, Jan. 5 and 26, at one, at the Old Signet Hall, Edinburgh.
WILLIAAI HENDERSON and SON, builders, Hamilton,
Jan. 5 and 25, at twelve, at the Writing Chambers of A. Gem-
mill, Glasgow.
JOHN STEWART and JAMES YOUNG, builders, Glas-
gow, Jan. 2, and 22, at one, at the chambers of Sir. James
Smit, writer, Glasgow.
.JOHN M' G REGO lt, farmer, Bowhouse, Kilspindie, Perth-
shire,si Dec. 31, and Jan. 22, at one, at the office of J. and J.
rwriters, Kilspindie.
JOHN ARMSTRONG, merchant, Glasgow, Dec. no, azal
Jan. 20, at one, at the chambers of Messrs. Iteddie and Forbes,
writers, Glasgow.
JOIIN OVENSTONE, farm?r, East Leys, Errol, Pertl -
shire, Jan. 2, and 25, at twelve, at the office of Messrs. Mon-
erieff and McWhannell, writers, Perth.
ADAM TURNBULL, clothier, Edinburgh, Dec. 31, and
Jan. 20, at one, at the chambers of Mr. \Vm. Muir, S.S. C.,
Edinburgh.

INFORNIERS IN TROUBLE.—The Lords met
to -day upon the examination of Mrs. Hansard, and the
rest taken up on her account. It seems she came into
England in man's apparel, and continued so for a fortnight
in town, and she had but a very cracked reputation in
Dublin, being addicted to thieving. They say Colonel
Cunningham and Palmer, Mr. Pultrey's deputy, can give
an account how chaste she was. Ske brazened it out to
the Lords, atwas true.
o maintained all she had said of Macdonnel
Rut for the other part of her conduct she said
that was of no use to have it inquired into, and therefore
she would answer no questions about it. I find she has a
passion for Mrs. Dixev, her kinswoman, whom she brought
)ver with her ; and this gentlewoman being taken up and
'Kept in another messenger's custody, puts her into great
concern. And this night she has writ to me, to let me
know that she would confess all, and throwself at the
King's mercy. I sent her word, when I saw the heads of
her confession, I would got the Lords to meet and receive
it. So much, I think, is already plain, that there never
were two such hardened liars as she and her brother.—
James's Court and Times of lVilliaxi 111.
GL A SCOW POLICE OFFlCE.—Friday night
three dead bodies were lying in tho dead-room of the
police office, two of which are grown persons, whose
deaths have been hastened by cold and hunger; both were
brought in alive, but in a dreadfully exhausted state. The
third body is that of an infant, supposed to have been
strangled.—Reformers' Gazette.

The iller/in. of Monmouth, states that the
suffering of the unemployed poor in the neighbourhood
is extremely severe. By the stoppage of the Dock works
there alone, 350 families were added to the unusually large
number before out of employ.
