HOW LANDOWNERS PROVIDE

FOR THEIR FAMILIES.

We recently gave a history of the families of twelve
farmers, intended to show that the class of persons who
rented end, and who could be succeeded in their occu-
pations by only one son in each family, had a greater
interest in trade, to which the other children were
driven for employment, than in what is falsely called
protection to the agriculturists. In those twelve fami-
lies there were forty-seven sons, who arrived at man's
estate, and only four of them were farmers. There
were thirty-two daughters, the youngest of them of a
marriageable age, only four of whom married farmers.
Thus, of the whole seventy-nine, only eight had any
direct interest in agriculture, for the unmarried were
annuitants. Of the thirty-two daughters, not fewer
than twelve remained unmarried ; a proof that if far-
mers found it difficult to settle their sons around them,
it was still more difficult to find suitable matches for their
daughters.

A- friend, in compliance with Colonel Thompson's
suggestion, has furnished us with the following history
of the descendants of a gentleman of landed property,
which shows that if farmers' families are obliged to re-
sort to trade, the families of landowners are alike driven
from the soil :

W. D. married S. G., (his property in land reached
about 1,2001. per annum), and had by her one son and
nine daughters.

The son married and had three sons and six daugh-
ters ; one son is an emigrant in Australia ; two have
commissions in the Company's army ; one daughter
married an officer in the Company's army ; the rest are
unmarried.

The first daughter married the eldest son of a neigh-
bouring gentleman of landed property, who found it
necessary, although the heir, to accept of a Government
appointment in the West Indies. To him she had
three sons : one entered the Company's Civil Service ;
one obtained a commission in the army ; the third ob-
tained an appointment in the India House. Her hus-
band had by a second wife one son, who obtained a
commission in the Company's army ; and by a third one
son who is an officer in the Queen's army, and two
daughters, one of whom married an officer ; the second
is unmarried.

The second daughter married a London merchant,
and had to him two sons ; the first of whom succeeded
his father in business; the second obtained a commis-
sion in the Company's army. Her husband had by a
second wife two sons, both of whom have commissions
in the Queen's army.
The third daughter married the son of a gentleman
of landed property, to whom she had one son, a barris-
ter. To a second husband, a man of large estate, she
bad a son, now a merchant in Liverpool.
The fourth daughter married a clergyman, but had
no family.
The fifth died unmarried.

The sixth married a gentleman of landed property,
to whom she had three sons and seven daughters. One
son tried the law and failed ; tried trade and failed ;
married a rich merchant's daughter and has bought
back the paternal acres with her portion. The second
is an emigrant in Canada ; the third is now in the mer-
cantile navy. One daughter married a manufacturer ;
the rest are unmarried.

The seventh daughter married a " bull-frog farmer,"
of, good connections, a dashing fellow with a local
militia commission. To him she had two sons and
three daughters. One son got an appointment on a
sugar estate in Jamaica, and one became a " linen-
draper bold." One daughter died unmarried ; one mar-
ried a bookseller, and one a surgeon.
The eighth married a schoolmaster, to whom she had
two sons and one daughter. One son has a commission
in the Company's army ; one an artist ; and the daugh-
ter is unmarried.

The ninth daughter married a farmer, to whom she
bore one son who died young.
Six males in the Company's army, and one female
married to an officer of that army, one male in the Com-
pany's civil service, and one in the India House, is tole-
rable quartering on India for one family, but scarcely
above the average of gentlemen's families in the neigh-
bourhood.—Manchester Times.

MIDDLE TEMPLE, JUNE B.—The following
gentlemen, vie., John Jones, James Anderson, John
Nash Tyndale, John Lawson Kennedy, Alexander Crich-
ton, Thomas Young Prior, William Macoubrey, Charles
Lloyd, George Bowery, and Edward Welsh.
have been called this day to the degree of barristers at
law by the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple.
MEDICAL CERTIFICATES.—A most extraor-
dinary statement appears in the current number of the
Lane-t, to the purpose that certain medical men, names
not mentioned, who have been required to certify as to
the cause of death in some cases which have fallen under
their charge, have wilfully falsified the certificate, and as-
signed a wrong cause for the fatal termination. The
writer intimates that the parties are liable to be punished
for perjury. Among the instances cited we select the
following :—Two boys quarrelling, one struck the other
so severe a blow on the head with a stick that death
ensued in nine days. The surgeon's certificate assigned
" water on the Lr.tin" as the cause of death, and no in-
quest was held. A gentleman was thrown from his borne
through the reckless driving of an omnibus, and frac-
tured his skull. He died in six weeks. The certificates
said---" An affection of the head," produced death.
No inquest was taken.--A healthy infant, nine weeks old,
was put to bed with the mother perfectly well; an hour or
two afterwards the husband, who holds a high rank in
society, returned home drunk; at five o'clock the child
was found dead. The certificate assigned " convulsions"
as the cause of death, and the surgeon certified that he
bad been in attendance on the child previous to death. By
far the most extraordinary, we had almost said atrocious,
case is the following, and which we shall give in the
words of the " Lancet" :—" A constable had applied to a
Coroner for a warrant for the holding of an inquest. It
was granted. The Jury were summoned. Application
was made from the friends of the deceased to prevent
holding an inquest. A surgeon called at the house of
the Coroner, and alleged that the deceased had slightly cut
his throat a week before, while in a state of insanity, but
that the injury was in no respect connected with the cause
of death ; that, in fact, the person had died a natural
death froth inflammation of the brain. This statement,
however, did not prevent the inquest from being held,
when it was apparent, and distinctly proved, that the
wound in the throat was the undoubted and undisputed
cause of death."

SHOCKING ACCIDENT BY MACHINERY.-011
Thursday morning last, Bridget Aikin, a girl thirteen
years of age, employed as an assistant to a power-loom
cloth weaver in a mill in the occupation of Messrs. Therp
and Haigh, Deansgate, Manchester, while engaged in
sweeping- the floor under one of the looms, was caught by
an upright shaft, by which she was turned round several
times against a recess in one of the walls. Both her arms
were severed from her body above the elbows, her thighs
broken, and she was otherwise so much hurt that she died
in the infirmary about twelve o'clock the same night. An
inquest was held on the body. Verdict " Accidental death,"
with a dcodand of 5/. on the shaft, which was found to be
the property of Mr. Richard Gould, the landlord of the
premises.
ORGANIC REMAINS.—In excavating for the
Great Western Railway a few days since, a remarkably
fine tusk of the Mammoth was discovered lying on a bed
of new red sandstone, about seven feet below the surface,
between the Bristol Cotton Works and St. Philip's bridge.
The tusk, together with some very beautiful specimens of
iron and lead ore, found near the same spot, have been
kindly brought to the Philosophic Institution by Dr. Fair-
brother, for the inspection of the members and their
friends.—Cambrian.

STATE OF TRADE.—Business is much the same
as reported in our last. No further alteration in wool or
yarns as it respects prices. Buyers for the home market
few and far between. No inducements for speculation,
and manufacturers are acting upon a quiet, cautious po-
licy. We trust that by another year the American market
will have recovered its former tone, and if we should in
the mean time be favoured with an abundant harvest, we
have every reason to hope that 1840 will be the first of a
series of years of renewed manufacturing and commercial
activity. In the meantime we must get through the year
1839 as best we may. —Leeds Mercury.

THE FUNERAL OF MR. WESTWOOD.---Yes_
tcrday morning the mortal remains of Mr. Westwood were
removed from his late residence for the purpose of inter-
ment. It was deemed advisable by the family and friends
to make the funeral as quiet as possible ; in consequence
no mutes were placed at the door, and the coffin was re-
moved into the passage ready to be placed in the hearse.
The interment took place in the burial-ground belonging
to the parish of St. James, situated in the Hampstead-
road. There were several of the police present, as well
as Mr. Superintendent Baker, but their services were not
required.
RAILROADS IN TOWNS.—A Bill is DOW in
progress through the House of Commons, having for its
object to extend the line of a railway from Blackwall into
the heart of the City of London, the terminus of which,
by the Act granted for its construction in 1836, was spe-
cially interdicted from approaching the City boundary
nearer than 200 feet. " The introduction of such a
nuisance into populous cities and towns would be attended
with irreparable injury to the interests and comforts of a
large portion of the inhabitants ; and unless a vigorous
resistance is offered to this particular nuisance, it would
establish a most dangerous precedent, and, it is feared,
afford encouragement to railway adventurers to make
similar attempts to carry their lines, by extension, into
ether cities and populous neighbourhoods." We under-
stand that a strong opposition will be offered to the Bill,
a committee having been formed in London to watch its
progress, and to use every effort to prevent such a mea.
sure from becoming law. The constituencies of many
large towns have already expressed their opinions to their
Members, urging them to give their aid in supporting the
rule hitherto observed by the Legislature to confine the
terminus and depots of railways to the suburbs of towns.
This is a subjtct of considerable importance, and one in
which the inhabitants of this as well as other large towns
are deeply interested.—Plymouth Paper.

SUPERANNUATION.

(MEMORANDA.)
Admiralty, May 30, 1839.
With reference to the letter of my Lords Commissioners
of the Admiralty of the 11th of April, 1833, directing the
discontinuance of the superannuation allowance to the ar-
tificers and workmen in the dock and victualing yards who
should enter the service after the Ist of May following, my
Lords command me to acquaint you that her Majesty has
been graciously pleased, by her Order in Council of the
22d instant, to direct that the artificers and workmen of the
dock and victualling yards, excepting ordinary labourers
and hired men, who may have: been entered on the esta-
blishment since that period, or who may hereafter be en-
tered, shall be allowed the same superannuation allow-
ances, under the same regulations, as those are entitled to
who entered the service previous to the foregoing dates;
but in no case shall broken periods of service be allowed,
excepting when the men have been discharged upon a re-
duction of the yards.
I am further directed to request you will take the neces.
sary measures for making this known among those whom
it concerns. I am, &c., C. WOOD.
To the Hon. D. P. Bouverie,
Admiral Superintendent, Portsmouth Dock-yard.

EIGHT MEN CHARGED WITH DRILLING.
—Mr. Feargus O'Connor applied to Mr. Manic, at the
New Bailey, Friday, to reduce the amount of the bail re-
quired for the eight men who were committed on the 4th
ult. for drilling in Grimsbaw-lane, Newton; and that the
parties should be tried at the ensuing sessions, instead of et,
the assizes. Mr. Illaule said that in this case he was
very anxious that the parties should be admitted to bail,
as they were all at the time in work. It was, however,
important that the Magistrates should take care as to the
amount of bail, and it was not until after some discus-
sion that the amount was agreed to. Sitting there
alone, be could not alter that decision ; but there would
be a meeting of the Magistrates of the division to-mor-
row, when he would represent the application to them ;
and if there should be circumstances which should justify
them in reducing the bail, he should be very glad.
With respect to the other point, removing the trial from
the assizes to the sessions, he thought that, unless it could
be shown that there would be a failure of justice in trying
the parties at the assizes, there were not sufficient grounds
to remove the trial. Mr. O'Connor expressed himself per-
ectly satisfied with Mr. Maule's promise to bring the mat-
fer before the meeting of justices, and then entered into the
tequired recognizances for the five prisoners now in cus-
tody ; namely, for Fairplay and Riley, 1001. each ; and
for Naylor, Hodges, and Stansfield, 501. each. Another
surety is still required for each of the prisoners before they
can be set at liberty. The other three prisoners who were
committed at the same time have, we understand, been al-
ready bailed at the required amount. —Manchester Guard.
ARISTOCRATIC NEGLECT OF LOCAL
DVTIES.--it is a sad, humiliating, and pitiful spectacle to
behold our nobility and gentry, blessed with superabundant
means to do good, and therefore capable to place the wel-
fare of the beloved and honoured land of their birth on a
firm and lasting foundation, and to raise by their example,
the great body of society to the highest pitch of civilazation,
earthly enjoyment, and heavenward preparation—neglect-
ing those sacred, those natural local duties, which on all
sides movingly invite their fostering care, to indulge
a profane, barbarous, and dog-like propensity for
worrying, destroying, and besmearing with blood and dirt
some of the most innocent, beautiful, and heart-moving
objects of God's creation ; or wasting their time and health
in midnight wranglings with each other, like antiquated
and fuddled gossips at a christening, far away from the
scenes of their more simple, pleasing, and profitable duties,
in making vain attempts to remedy, by mischievous, un-
just, and cruel laws, a mass of social evils, occasioned
solely by themselves.—Floreston, or the New Lord of the
Manor.

TROTTING MATCH.—Yesterday morning a
trotting match, which excited great interest, both here
( Paisley) and in Glasgow, took place on the now Kit-
marnock road, starting point near Logan's Well. Messrs.
Lockhart and Hendry's mare, Ayrshire Lass, was matched
against Mr. John Colquhoun's horse, Peter, to trot for
ten miles, 501. a side. On starting, Peter took the lead,
and kept it for six miles. They passed and re-passed twice
on the road, and both broke twice. The horse had been
stabled the night previous in Millenshaw Inn, at which,
when he arrived be bolted, and there being a number of
carriers' carts at the door, he lost half a minute. This
enabled the mare to take the lead, which she kept ; the
horse having soured a little, his rider was not able, with
all his exertions, to bring him into a proper speed. The
distance was trotted in 33 minutes, 18i seconds. The
match was won by the Ayrshire Lass by 150 yards. She
was ridden by Mr. Blair, and the horse by its owner.
Weipht. 14. ctivlo • hn+l, the rider. acquitted themes:Ayes
well. There were upwards of 2,000 people present on
the line, and we understand that bets to a very urge
amount, we have heard 5,000/. named, were depending on
the result. Shortly after the match was won, the mare
felt exhausted, and had to be bled on the spot, an opera-
tion to which also the horse had to be subjeotedduring the
day. —Paisley Advertiser

ATROCIOUS OUTRAGE.--On Wednesday even-
ing a meeting of the respectable inhabitants of Trowbridge
was held in that town, for the purpose of deliberating upon
the best means of securing the quiet of the place and the
protection of life and property, as soon as the police force
granted them from London during the late Chartist agita-
tion should be withdrawn. When the meeting had broken
up and were dispersing, it happened that a number of the
poliecrnen were looking out of a window, when six men
and two women, of the lower class, passed by, and one of
the former, drawing a loaded pistol from his person, fired
it among the police, but, fortunately, without effect. The
policemen, without waiting to pursue the offenders by going
through the house door, jumped at once from the window
and took the whole eight into custody. On some of their
persons ball and powder were found, and the pistol was
found in the hedge close by where it was fired. The matter
waits full inquiry.—Bristol Mercury.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL HAGERMAN'S
REI`ORT AGAINST THAT OF LORD DURllAlll.—Yesterday in
the House of Assembly, Mr. Hagerman, from the Select
Committee on the State of the Province, presented a re-
port. It is a very lengthy document, having, along with
a short address to her Majesty founded on it, occupied
Messrs. Hagerman and Sherwood in reading, over two
hours. It, of course, contains a vast deal of verbiage.
The report by Lord Durham on the affairs of Upper
Canada is noticed at considerable length, and his Lord-
ship is spoken of in terms becoming the Attorney General
of Upper Canada. Lord Durham's Report generally is
condemned; it contains nothing that is good, because, Mr.
Hagerman, when the course therein pointed out as proper
to be pursued for settling the difficulties under which this
province has long laboured under the mismanagement of
yourself and your colleagues in office, an end will be
at once put to the accursed system which has enabled you
and others to enrich yourselves, and to ruin the country.--
British Colonist.

MEMOIRS OF THE DUCIIESS OF MARL-
BOROUGH, BY MRS. MONISM —The author of these volumes
is so well known for her " Memoirs of Henry VIII." and
" Life of Sir Walter Raleigh," that the readers of her
new work will at once perceive in it the grace and vigour
of style which so distinguish her former efforts. The po-
litical intrigues which so distracted the Court of Queen
Anne—the wretched embroilment of public Affairs, which
was consequent upon the perpetual interference of the
Ladies of the Household—and the secret manoeuvres of
Mrs. Masham, founded upon her influence over the Sove-
reign, are all very ably set forth. Circumstances have
called public attention to these matters, so that we con-
sider Mrs. Thomson's publication as particularly well-
timed. But even had there been no sltch introduction to
our notice, the delightful manner in which she narrates the
varied incidents of the life of one of the most illustrious
ladies who have become celebrated in our history, the
anxiety to place the character of the Duchess of Marl-
borough in a right light before our readers, would recom-
mend the work to general acceptance. It supplies a por-
tion of history which was much wanted, and we are bound
to say that Mrs. Thomson has executed her task with dili-
gence, fidelity and grace—Age.

EXCHEQUER BILLS.—As the periodical no-
tices for the exchange of Exchequer Bills are now out, it
may be useful to remind the holders that these notices are
now:reduced from four to two in number, and that they take
place in March and June only, an arrangement adopted
at the Treasury in order to fix them during the sittings of
Parliament. To the holders it is attended with this
awkward consequence, that if they neglect to make the
exchange in the present month, they cannot procure any
new bills till March next, and will incur the loss of the
whole of their interest for the intermediate period of nine
months. This is rather " sharp practice" on the part of the
Treasury, but this being the rule, it becomes the more im-
portant on that account to give the warning.—Times,

It is understood in the City that Mr. Jaudon is
about to quit this country, and that the agency established
here for the Unitcd States Bank is about to be given up.
From the first it may be pronounced a failure, and though
it acquired a specious appearance of permanence, while
issues were large and paper abundant, it was foreseen by
many that the first change in the market would be very
likely to seal its fate. What the Bank of England refused
to do in 1837 for houses of the highest credit in London,
they were not likely to do for an individuai who could
acquire no credit in his own person, and whose bills were
liable to the fatal objection of being drawn by principal
upon agent, which is applied alike, under the strict com-
mercial rule, to the highest and the lowest names. That
of Mr. Jaudon added nothing to the security of the
instrument, while the draughts heretofore of the Bank
of the United States upon individual merchants
always acquired thereby some increase of credit, and some-
times the acceptor was quite as good as the drawer. Mr.
Jaudon has therefore been disappointed in great measure of
those facilities on which he had reckoned, and in providing
for his obligations as they became due, must have had to
pay a price for it calculated to diminish greatly the profit
of his general account. At the very outset no man could
be in a more false position than he was. In the Bank
parlour he was looked at with distrust, his account re-
fused, and the merchants universally felt angry and in-
sulted at his presuming to interfere in transactions which
belonged to their peculiar province. A new agency, cer-
tainly not of American origin, must now be appointed, and
matters revert to their old channel. The experiment is
not to be considered, however, as wholly thrown away ;
it will form a very useful lesson to all parties.— Times.

(FROM INIR. GISBORNE'S ADDRESS.)
Previous to this division on the Irish Executive
policy, Ministers had introduced a Bill to suspend the
Constitution of Jamaica, and to vest the powers exer-
cised by the House of Assembly there in persons to
be appointed by the British Executive Government.
Without going into much detail, or pretending to per-
fect accuracy, I will give what I believe to be a fair
view of the Jamaica question.
The emancipation of the slaves in Jamaica was
accompanied by a large diminution of the arbitrary
power which the whites had previously possessed
over them. For many negro crimes, both of omission
and commission, which had been punished during the
existence of slavery in a summary manner by the
proprietor, committal to the public prisons by a Ma-
gistrate was the substituted punishment under eman-
cipation. Practices existed in the Jamaica prisons,
by the use or perversion of which the whites retained
nearly the same power over the negro, which they
had before emancipation ; or, to say the least, a
power quite abhorrent to the principles of the Eman-
cipation Bill. The Governor of Jamaica repeatedly
called on the Assembly to pass a Bill which should
make the regulation of prisons consistent with the
new state of society in the Island. The Assembly
thus repeatedly urged, as repeatedly refused or ne-
glected to pass such a Bill. In July 1838, the British
Houses of Lords and Commons passed a Bill for the
regulation of prisons in Jamaica. This Bill passed
without opposition in either House. This Bill is the
foundation of the existing difference between the
home Government and the House of Assembly in
Jamaica. With reference to it Mr. Labouchere
(Under Secretary for the Colonies) said in the House
of Commons on the 9th April last—" The House of
Assembly has said that it will transact no business till

our Act of last Session shall be repealed"—and some
dissent having been expressed, he added, " Why their
protest goes distinctly to that length." By this pro-
, test they have practically abided.
To this contest between tile Imperial and the
Colonial le,iclature I believe it to be impossible to
apply any principle. Colonial legislatures are too
' thoroughly anomalous to admit the application of
any definite principle; Two things are gen erally, if
not universally, conceded. Ist. That the
,gener.ll
power of internal regulation is given to the Colonial
legislatures. 2dly. That the Imperial legisla turc
has always claimed and has repeatedly exercised ithe
power of internal legislation for the Colony in cases cA.
emergency ; and that of such emergency the Imperial-
legislature is the sole judge. On the first occasion on
which the House of Assembly met after the Prisons Bill
was in operation, they came to a resolution not to
transact any business till it was repealed. They were
prorogued—again met and adhered to their resolution
—were dissolved, and the new House of Assembly
adhered to it still. " Great part" (says Mr.
Labouchere) " of the legislation of that island depends
upon laws passed annually." Seventeen such laws
have expired, and among them a Vag: ant Bill—a Po-
lice Bill—a Carrying Arms Bill—and a Poor-law Bill.
These, and all the rest, the House of i•Nssembly re-
fuses to re-enact or to provide any subst:itntes for
them. Under these circumstances the 111inCters in-
troduced a Bill in the House of Commons to tt,..sPend
the powers of the House of Assembly for five y.lss-,
and to provide for legislation in Jamaica during tiA..r
suspension. This was on the 9th of April, wheo
Sir R. Peel made a long speech ; found a good deal
of fault with both parties ; declared no specific
opinions or principles ; said nothing which, whatever
course he might afterwards pursue, would render him
liable to have his own words quoted upon him ; and
did not oppose the bringing in of the Bill. On the
.22. d April the Bill was read a second time, on the
understanding, that after Counsel had been heard
against it, the discussion on the principle should be
taken on the next step. In consenting to this arrange-
ment Sir R. Peel said, " This question ought not to
be considered as a party question. I do not enter
on the consideration of this matter with ,culy party
feelings whatever, nor am I desirous to view it in
the light of a party question." "As I said bei ore. t
there is no party interest committed in this question."
Sir Robert expressed approval of the conduct of the
Government in refusing to repeal the Prisons; Bill, but
thought " that we ought to resort to any expedient
that might afford a chance of saving us from the
painful alternative of this necessity," (i. c. of suspend- I
ing the Constitution) and hoped " that an opportunity
will be given to the House of Assembly to re-consider '0
their conduct,rand the propriety of the course they have
pursued." He then stated various cases in which he
would assist the Government, and invited reciprocity on
their part.

After Counsel had been heard, Mr. Labouchere
stated that Government did not think it expedient to
incur the delay which would he caused by gicing the
House of A ssornilly a fourth chance of proceeding' with
their duties. Tlic Goverummt thought that
Imperial legislation was indispensable. On the 25th 4. f
April, Sir Robert Peel gave notice that he would take
the sense of the House on the motion for committing
the Bin.

Having been on the spot, having associated with
many Members of both parties, I can say positively
that when Sir R. Peel made this announcement, very
few persons, if any, expected a close division. It was
known that several Tory West Indian proprietors in
Parliament had declared for the Bill ; and a majority
of from 30 to 36 was spoken of currently and con-
fidently. Shortly after, ten or eleven gentlemen on the
Reform side of the House announced their intention of
voting against the Bill, and several more of absenting
themselves from the division. I believe these cir-
cumstances first suggested to the Tory leaders the
idea of making this a " thorough party question."
The Tories are much belied if the whip on Sir It.
Peel's " no party question," was not most severe, and
applied by unusual hands. Under its pressure the
refractory Tory West Indians were disposed of in three
ways.--Ist. by bad pairs-2d, by staying away from
the division-3d, by turning-round and voting against the.
Bill. The Tories who voted for the Bill were balanced.
by the Reformers who purposely staid away ; the eleven
voted as they had threatened ; the majority was ground
down to five ; and the Ministry resigned.
