LEGAL BILLS.

Mr. JOHN CAMPBid,:tite.rexplaining the nature
of the measure which he wished to introduce, moved for
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the law respecting inhe-
ritance and descent, and to allow parents to succeed as
heirs to their children, and collateral relations to succeed
,s heirs to each other, though of the half blood.
Sir E. B. SUGDEN seconded the motion.

Sir R. Peel, Sir C. Wetherell. 111 r. Crampton, and
Alr. O'Connell, severally expressed their approbation of
the principle of the Bill, but rrserved to themselves the
right of separately e)nsidering the details, and, if it should
seem fit, of ob-yeting to them.
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL took the opportunity of observing
that he would consider it his duty to the people of Eng-
land to press for the second reading of his Bill to-morrow
--the day for which it was fixed. If it were not read a
s coed time to-morrow, he coul I not hope to see it passed
this Session. . _

An HON. MEsruEr, said that it would be extremely un-
fair to the Hon. Member for Weymouth (Mr. F. Buxton)
if any thing were permitted to take precedence of the sla-
very question to-morrow. He therefore trusted the Noble
Lard (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) would use his ut-
most influence to postpone the second reading of his Bill.
Ca SS the shivery question had precedence, it would be
impossible to discuss it to-morrow.
Lord ALTHORP declared, that urtainly no exertion
should be wanting on his part to endeavour to induce the
lion. and Learned Member to postpone his motion. lie
'elt himself bound in honour to the Hon. Member for
Weymouth to do his best to secure him the precedence on
Monday.
Mr. CAMPBELL was not aware of the difference in
the privilege of Government, and of individual Members;
nor did he know whether Government had or had not au-
thority in such matters.—(None, none.) But he cer-
tainly did still feel disposed to press for the second reading
of the Bill.

Leave was then given to bring in a Bill to amend the
tw respecting inheritance and descent, and to allow pa-
rents to succeed as heirs to their children ; and collateral
relations to succeed as heirs to each other, though of the'
half blood. Also, a Bill to amend the law respecting
Dower Estates by courtesy, and the law respecting entiils,
remainders, and reversions.
Some further conversation ensued as to the propriety of
the Bills now proposed to be introduced, taking precedence
of the slavery question, when,
Mr. CAMPBELL said, that the importance of the mea-
sure he wished to bring under the consideration of the
House was so great, that nothing but force—(A laugh)
—should compel him to yield precedence to any other ;
and he reminded the Noble Lord near him, that be had
been disappointed in his endeavours to procure a night for
the discussion.

Lord ALTHORP observed, that as the Reform Bill
stood for discussion in the early part of next week, it
would be impossible for him to promise that any particular
day should be affirded to the Honourable and Learned
Gentleman ; but as the Honourable and Learned Gentle-
man was aware that the Government viewed the Bills he
wished to introduce in a favourable manner, he might rest
assured that they would do what they could to facilitate
the otrject he had in view.
Mr. CAMPBELL knew so well the candour of the
Noble Lord, that after that declaration he should feel per-
fectly easy at putting himself into the hands of the Noble
Lord on this subject.
The Bills introduced by the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man were then appointed for further consideration on Wed-
nesday next.
