•
'llll,l LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the :Morning Papers, November 1.9.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
Letters were received yesterday from Leghorn,
01101 completely establish the falsehood of the
reports circulated a few days ago, of Mavrocor
dato having been torn in pieces by the Hy-
drip's. It appears that Mavrocordato,liyd so far
from being forced to take refuge in
merely went there to superintend the sailing of
the fleet, and has since returned to his duties of
Secretary-General to the Governent. We have
oo doubt that the reports in questimon were
be
circu-
lated by Russian agents : for Russia, we may
assured, does not see with satisfaction the esta-,
bjishment of an independent Governmen Cato
t in
Greece. It is well known that Mavrocor
has always opposed himself to the views of
Rudsia, and that he is on that account peculiarly
obnoxious to that Power. This alone is a reason
why he, and all the enlightened men of Greece
who act with him, should receive the countenance
of this country.

[TIM TIMESa
The publication of the Ordinance for dissolv.
ing the French Chambers being, as we have al-
ready stated, postponed until the 7th or Bth of
December, the arrival of the Duke d'Angouleme,
the festivities consequent on that event, and the
spirit presumed to be thereby gnerated throe
Mugh-
out the country, will, it is supposed, enabli-
nisters to complete the little that has been left un-
finished by the constitution of the Electoral Col-
leges, and to obtain a Chamber of Deputies, as in-
dependent of the netionond as much dependent on
its own constituent----the Court—as any Congress
of crowned Heads or of Spanish Inquisitors need
require. A septennial act is to be passed forth-
with, and the Whig precedent of Great Britain
appealed to, in justhificatimainson of
of these French
Tories, for setting the re
aside, and securing to their own fnct
n ion
however,
a new
lease of patronage and power. Whe,
in former instances, the example of England has
been quoted by Members of the French Oppo-
sition, in favour of a just `
Mini popular measure, and
as a reproach to some erial act of g
oppression and iniquity, the reply was always
prompt enough. "It is folly to think of governing
" France by a recurrence to English precedents
an
."
Attempts have been made by the Oriflanime,
organ of the superlative Ultras, to extend the
reign of legitimacy over Sweden, by a covert
attack on the throne of Bernadotte, and a transfer
of his, revolutionary dynasty to Greece. The
Ministerial papers, it appears, received an imme-
diate order to quash this project, and to leave
Bernadette (some time longer at least) in posses-
sion of the crown of Scandinavia ; keeping him,
nevertheless, under strict surveillance by the
police of the holy Alliance. Mehee de la
Touche tells the world, in reply ti
book,
that Buoneparte wished to poison Bernadotte
—and that Savory himself and Real were the
agents employed
hi to in
be sti
tr gue, theate him
feaMt is (eheeworthy) to thof
e
uterprize, If t 4
e
the performers ; if false, the tale is nwellot unof Swe.worthy
the narrator. Bernadotte deserves
den ; and there is on record a list of services
rendered towards the very Sovereigns who now
look askance at him es an upstart, which might,
if they had much sense of gratitude, countervail,
on behalf of Charles John, te illegitimate crimlt
e
of having gained the affections of his subjects.
is alleged by the French Ministers and their ad-
herents, that no step will be taken to reconquer
America by arms, until negotiation---in other
words, intrigue and bribery—shall have failed.
The combined Bourbons are to send commiof
s-
sioners in the first place, to offer a recognition
independence on condition at a sum ofand that
money
shall be paid to the mothther country ;
certain commercial advantages shall be conceded
to, her. If these be the peaceable demands of
the Bourbons, we would advise ihem to begin by
going to war. Such pretensions must necessarily
lead to war.

[NEW TIMES.'
The conflict between the Old and New Spattis
Loan-mongers continues : end another monstrous
scheme is now started
—a Loan to the Mexicans !
--it seems to be thought that there is no end to
the gullibility of poor John Bull !—A. more pro-
iligate imposition on his credulity was never at-
tempted than the Loan raised in JIM by the
Cortes. The Bonds then issued, and which I
latterly been at 23, were actually sold at 75 loi
tai
thirteen months ago, and were puffed at t
price by The Englishman and The Times, not-
withstanding it had been demonstratively proved
three weeks before in The New Times that the
.Cortes were in a state of bankruptcy I—When
will that bubble burst—when speculator after
speculator failed for a hundred or two hundred
thow.and pounds each, it might have been ex-
pected that the insanity would have been cured,
sad that 1114• promoters of the delusion would
have been covered with disgrace—but it seems
they have the modest assurance now to talk of
hooting the dealers in some other securities out
of the market! Their delicate notions of honour
end integrity are shocked at the proceedings of
King Ferdinand! A.t all events he cannot choose
John Bull so egregiously as the swindlers of
the Cortes. lie does not ask quite so much
money, nor on.quite so high terms. We
however do most seriously advis
King Ferdinan
Loans, nothing with the Loan of 1822, or with
,the Bonds of Bernales---nothing with the
to InGod
sane
proiect of sending millions of money
xi
co
whom at Mco I Surely poor deluded
families enGugh have watt ruined by these wild
speculations fwe to employ our money,
Jet it be in finding work for the s tarving labourers
a Ireland ; let it be in promoting ,the fisheries,
which form inexhaustible mines of wealth on our
.
coasts ; let a be in employing the peasantrrof
munsterin the variousure branches of the linen ma..
‘otu!T. Sly
o(nc if the, money were to be all
1 lost on such works as these, it would
Milt AO(
finitely better employed than in being
be in

ave

squandered on foreigners fro** whom we can get
neither profit nor gratitude.
_

[MORNING romi
We received last night, by Express, French
Papers to the 18th inst. That portion of their
contents which relates to present events, and
which is not of muce importance, will be found
in a preceding column. But their most interest-
ing article is an account .of a work which has just
appeared in Paris from the pen of Count Hullin,
President of the Commission which tried the
Duke d'Enghein, and entitled, 64 Explanations
offered to impartial men on the subject of the Mi-
litary Commission instituted in the year XII. to
try the Duke 'Enghein." It appears fro thin
is
work, that the Commission did every thing
their power to prevent the Duke from avowing
his intention of entering France in arms ; that as
he persisted in frankly declaring his purpose, they
were compelled to find him guilty ; but that they
only ordered his condemnation to be rend to him
without being executed, and were writing a let-
ter to the First Consul to express the wish of the
Prince to have an interview with him, and to
add their own supplication for mercy, when an
individual who had remained the whole time in
the hall of Council, and whom Count Hullin
would name, if he did not reflect that,
when defending himself, did not become him
to accuse," took the pen from his baud, say-
ing, 44 your business is done, the rest regards
me." They were then locked up, and when they
fancied that that individual had taken upon hima
self to apply to the First Consul in behalf of the
captive hero, a tremendous explosion informed
them that he no longer existed. It is evident,
therefore, that some one was determined to pre-
vent the possibility of the Prince's being par-
doned, by not suffering his request and the sup-
plication of the Commission to be communicated
to Napoleon, and by hastening his execution, lest
some Member of that Commission should find his
way to the First Consul and obtain a mandate of
mercy. It is evident also that the same indivi-
dual must have thought that such a mandate
would have been obtained from his master, or
else he could have had no motive for preventing
an application which he knew would have had
no effect. Who it is that stood thus between
the victim and the source of power and of mercy,
cannot long remain a secret. After the decla-
ration made by Count Hullin that he knows his
name, it is impossible that some proceedings
should not be adopted, either in the Courts
or in the Chambers, to bring the. great cri-
minal to light ; and, if the amnesty granted by
the King on his return precludes his exe-
cution, to mark, him, at least with the infamy
which his guilt deserves. The charge is now
considered to rest, notwithstanding his memoirs,
between the Duke of Rovigo and the Prince
Talleyrand. The latter is said to have demand-
ed a solemn inquiry in the Chamber of Peers,nnd
the former to have been forbidden the entrance
of the Tuileries. This would seem to imply that
the Court had already decided against him ; but
stuna how or other Talley rand has regained the
f>.vour of the Ministers, and the Journal des D -
bats, which defends him, probably fearing the
result of an inquiry, endeavours to prevent
it, by throwing, in the teeth of Count Hul-
lin's declaration the whole blame of the act
on Napoleon. For this purpose it broadly inti-
mates that the Notary in London in whose hands
Napoleon's Will is placed, has violated his trust
and communicated its contents to the French
Ministers ; and that in this Will, which ought
to consist only of testamentary dispositions, the
late Emperor 46 assumes the whole responsibility
o f the assassination of the Duke d'Enghiett;
boasts of his crime, and declares in express terms
that under the same
heircumstances he would not
,esitate to do what, d done in 1804."

LBIIITISII ritcss.J
Now that the campaign in Spain is closed, the
French Journals are destitute of almost all poli-
tical interest. Murmurings against this coun-
try, and hints of future ambition, with the ap-
proaching change in the Chambers, principally
occupy their columns, which for some, days,
however, have been full of Castaing's trial.—
In imitation, we suppose, of our septennial wis-
dom, the French Deputies, it appears, are for the
future to be chosen for seven years. The Count
de Ferrard, in his pamphlet, which is supposed
to have been sanctioned by the highest authority,
advised the Ministers, while they hesitated as to
the respective durations of five or seven years,
not to mind a couple of years, and that they
might just as well make the period the greater
as the lesser number. The complacent Villele
attended to Ferrard's suggestion, and the Chain.
her is in consequence to be septennial. This
measure of wisdom is spoken of by the Journal
des Debals as the repose and safety of the Mo-
narchy as it no throne were secure but amid ob-
sequious and passive nonresistance and universal
slavery. These Papers contain the particulars
of the capitulation entered into for the surrender
of Barcelona, llostatrich, and Tarragona, by
which Moncey promises to interpose to get
the sequestration placed by the tyrant's emus-
series on the property of the Constitutional militia
and others removed, and the llth article en-
gages, as far as the French Marshal can afford
(a weak warranty), that the persons and property
of all persons in those places, who exercised aily
public functions under the Constitution, shall be
free from any process on accunt of either their
opinions or conduct. How 100 ng after the capitu-
lation will Ferdinand's representatives hi that
province attend to this treaty, and what redress
will Moncey be able to afford when it is grossly
violated ? None whatever. The Constitution.
alists will be consigned to dungeons, and stripp .
ed of their properties, without any sort of re-
lief. 'The French have gotten military posses-
iliOn of these important places, and that is all
they care for. Talleyrand, for the present,
it
appears, has intrigued too deeply for Savary
and the latter has been forbid the Tuileries
"ere his adversary iS prominent.

[MOnNING HERALD.]
Thsy.basest- and ,most dastardly sort of defona
tion it that which coils its object in the mornen

of suffering, and on the eve of dying—aggravated
by making the dying voice of the victim his own
traducer. Such has been the fate of the unfor-
tunate Riego. lie is described us having acknow-
ledged guilt, and " asked pardon of the King,
and the people." Few, of course, will be de-
luded by this calumny—and, indeed, as few,
perhaps, will be surprised at _it. It is one of
those refinements in the art of calumniating
an adversary, and lying to advantage, in-
vented under the name of a pious fraud
by those spirited Janissaries of the Papal
Choral, whose wickedness has often proved
so fatal to Sovereigns and subjects. Nero
and Caligula did not use those arts to defame the
memories of those whom they had murdered.
Undoubtedly Riego, or any other man in his dy-
ing moments, had need to ask pardon of God—
and after a conspicuous share in great political
events and changes, most likely had some reason
even to ask pardon of his country ; but every cir-
cumstance of his public life negatives the possibi-
lity of his having debased himself in his last mo-
rigouts. His conduct, on the first breaking out
of the military insurrection in the f
character, Isle of Leo
asn,
was markrd by gr o
well as military capacity ; and his more recent
enterprize, or experiment, upon the army of Bal.
lasteros, was a coup de main which combined
skilful calculation with the utmost intrepidity.
Of all the men who have figured in the revolu-
tion, he has proved himself the most disinterest-
ed. He had previously sacrificed his fortune to
the cause in which he has lost his life. No man
was more than he the object of popular enthu-
siasm--yet in no instance is his name connected
with popular excesses. Even ambition, that
"'last infirmity of noble minds,"
can scarcely be imputed to him—certainly it
cannot be charged upon him as a crime. After
having shared so largely in the establishment of
thie Constitutional system, he left to others
place, profit, and power. But such men, and
in the hands of such enemies, die for their
virtues. There is something barbarously malig-
nant in the triumph over this ill-fated man, ex-
pressed not only at Madrid, but even at Paris.
They load his last moments with calumny,
contumely, and derision. They exult in his hav-
ing been carried through the most frequented
streets of the cit't in a basket, upon an ass, with
revolting triumph. We know not if the fact was
so—certainly ,some of the horrible iuhuman vio-
lations of his remains, demanded by the public
accuser in his charge, appear not to have been
put in force. But this is of little matter. Bar-
barous treatment of this kind affects not the
memory of the victim and the judgment of man-
kind. Suppose that he was dragged thus igno-
miuiously through the streets of Madrid. These
devout and zealous defenders of true religion should
not have forgotten, that on an occasion too
sacred to be named the Divine character did not
shield the sufferer from the derision of his ene-
mies. Some of the French Journals take credit
for the fact, that no French soldiers were present
at this horrible scene—and the French Govern-
ment has had a sufficient sense of shame to ex-
clude from the official Moniteur the disgusting
details. It mentions merely the fact and the
time of Riego's death.

FOR THE SUN.

ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
Ma. Enrroa—A paragraph having appeared
in your Newspaper, stating that the ships lately
returned from the Arctic Expedition were,in their
next voyage, to proceed to Behrings Sraits, to
make an effort from thence, sailing eastward to the
northward of America. This account is not pro-
bable, us the Discovery Ships are not coppered,
because, in the voyage within the arctic circle,
grass will not vegetate on their bottoms. Ships
circumnavigating the globe in a warmer climate
must be coppered to prevent grass growing on
their bottoms and the worms eating the planks,
and, from the length of the voyage, ought to be
fast-sailing ships. It is more probable, if an-
other voyage is undertaken, that the two ships,
accompanied, by two transports, will again pro-
ceed to Hudson's Bay, and perhaps the four
ships wilt winter up Wager River, on the north
shore within some islands. If each of the trans.
ports carries four stout and steady draw-horses,
with pack-saddles for six horses, and harness for
two ; these two horses may be put in the shafts
of the limbers of a light phaeton, each limber
having a light punt with paddles lashed on, un-
less it can be so contrived that a horse can carry
a punt. The two punts are to cross any rivers,
and to carry the party and baggage, after which
the horses may be swam over. On the arrival
of the ships in Wager River a chosen part is to
set off due north with the horses and two punts
as fur as latitude 70 deg. north, unless they meet
with the Arctic ocean before, which is probable.
On their arrival at the ocean, they are to endea-
vour to reach the north-east end of America, and
then return to the southward a sufficient distance
to ascertain the direction of the coast, making
the best of their way for the upper part of Re-
pulse Bay, and return to the ships, unless there
is sufficient time to trace the head and western
part of Repulse Bay, which, in all probability,
is the north-east coast of America. Wager River
abounds with fish, and the country to the north-
ward will perhaps be found fiat, and the pastu-
rage ood and abundant for the horses. Should
this prove the case, deer will be plenty. The
having horses will relieve the party of some of
their burthen, so that 40 lbs. weight will be the
most a man has to carry, and his consumption of
daily food will lessen it. The two punts will,
carry the compass, mathematical instruments,
tents, and fishing net. On the return of the party,
if provisions become scarce, the horses will serve
for food, and to prevent the horses wanting it,
two bags of pressed hay and two sacks of oats
might be carried. The two punts are to be pre-
served, if possible, in case of meeting with rivers.
After the frost has broken up and released the
ships, the transports may be cleared of their
cargoes, and return to Eugland at the same time
the Discovery Ships proceed on their voyage to
double the north-east Cape of America.
Nov. 18. NAVIGATOR.

DEMERARA.

( Front the Glasgow Courier, Nov. 15.)
EXTRACT OF .A LETTER JUST RECEIVED FROIII
DEMERAILA,OF 14th OF SEPTEMBER LAST.
" On the lfitti of August last, a Gentleman's
servant, on the East Cast, told his master of an intended revolt
of the Negroes, to take place in the evening. But so little at.
tention was paid to the, story, that it was late in the afternoon
before any steps were taken to ascertain, the truth of it ; and
this was done by the Governor and Fisaal proceeding almost
alone to the place, where the standard of rebellion was, in the
first instant, to be hoisted, it was then too late. Ills Excel-
lency had scarcely reached the place of destination, when the
Rebels appeared in considerable force, advancing to the road
leading to town. An attempt was made to conciliate the re.
voltera, lint a few shots soon set his Excellency, &c.. to the
right about in quick time. It was dark before they reached
town ; and immediately on their arrival a few troops were
dispatched from the garrison to hold the Rebels in . check
till more effective measures could be taken. About 9 o'clock,
our (the Rifle) bugle sounded the alarm, when the corps was
immediately under arms, and dispatched to the scene of insur-
rection. It was a pleasant monnhght night, and as we passed
through the town in 4 solitary silence,' our progress was watch-
ed by many a wet eye till lost in the distance. We proceeded
about four miles from town before we met any ' signs of war.'
On passing a bridge, the first marks of resistance became ap-
parent;; a part of It was demolished, but the rebels must have
been assailed in the act, as some dead bodies were lying a few
yards from it —' the blood still streaming from the mortal
wounds.'—lt was now near midnight, and though all was
silent around, yet the utmost caution was necessary. , We
proceeded at a rapid pace through four estates, but as
we advanced, the rebels hid themselves in the cotton fields,
and others received us as friends; so that nothing of conse-
quence occurred to us the first night. We halted at three
in the morning, and rested till fiver when we again advanced.
—On Tuesday we had a most fatiguing march, but the rebels.
always withdrew as we advanced, and, with the exception of
a few random shots, nothing particular occurred. On Tues-
day night we were joined by a strong detachment of the 21st
Regiment, and again proceeded up the coast on our march.—
The enemy had evidently been disconcerted in the first in-
stance; and had retired farther up the coast to rally, for after
marching all Tuesday night we found them in immense num.
ben early on Wednesday morning. On our approach they re-
tired into cotton fields, and commenced a.parnal Cre of mus-
ketry. We kept up
.a sort of skirmish with them for four or
five miles during which a great many were killed. We sus-
tained no loss. At three o'clock in the morning we halted, and
the one-half of the corps stood on their arms, while the other
rested alternately till day-light, when we were completely sur-
rounded by upwards of 2000, armed with muskets, spears, and
cutlasses. An attempt was made by Colonel Leahy of the
«lst, to get them to lay down their. arms, but to no purpose.
They were allowed two hours to deliberate,_ at the expiration
of which time they resolved to give us battle. They were ar-
ranged in two bodies of upwards of 1000 each, and occupied
two bridges about half a mile distant, on our right and left.—
As soon as it was ascertained that they would not lay down
their arms, the bugles sounded the advance. The `2lst to
attack the right, and the rifles the left. Our Captain
led us on to the charee,.„ with fixed swords, at double•
quick time. When within thirty yards we gave them a vol-
ley—which daunted their resolution, and threw them into the
utmost confusion. The scene that ensued beggars all descrip-
tion. The public road is about 30 feet wide, and has a deep
ditch on each side, about twelve feet wide, and into these, they
went pell-mell in hundreds. A great many escaped to;i he cot-
ton-fields, where they kept up a fire of musketry but so
badly directed, that it did not occasion a single casualty to us.
The road was covered with dead and wounded, and a great
many perished in the ditches, the water in which was actually
covered with hats, &c. floating about. They must have lost at
least from 2 to NO in killed. On the right they also made a
precipitate flight. We next proceeded forward to Alahaica,
where we arrived on the afternoon ;,but,sa,w nothing but a few
stragglers here and there, who had esc.aped from the field of
battle in the morning. The insurrection extended from the
neighbourhood of Town to Mithaica a distance of 30 miles,
and over a population of about 20,000 people. On Thursday
morning we went in pursuit of some small parties who kept
possession of the Estates till we made our appearance, when
they dispersed. A great many prisoners were taken—some of
whom were tried at drum-head, Court Martial, and instantly
shot. We returned to George Town on Saturday, with our
prisoners, fagged and weary enough, but started again on Sun-
day. Since then we have gone over all the coast, taken all the
ringleaders, 25 of whom have been executed in town, and as
many on the coast. We are now in a state oc tranquillity ; but
Martial Law, which was proclaimed on breaking out of the in-
surrection, still continues. One of the London Missionaries
was.at ilie'nead of the rebellion, but his trial has not yet taken
place."
We are happy to observe, by an advertisement in this paper,
that the attention of the mercantile and manufacturing inte-
rests has at length been fully roused to the importance of new
exertions for preseriing and increasing direct intercourse be-
twixt the ports of Clyde and the States of America ; and from
the respectability and influence of the names upon the Coin-
mittee of the Association, and the simultaneous exertions now
making by our River Truitees for the improvement of the
navigation to the Broomielaw, we trust the time is not remote,
when the whole of the raw material, cotton wool, of such vast
and increasing importance to the manufactures of this dis-
trict, may arrive direct from America tp Glasgow, instead of
a large proportion of our consumption being brought, as it
has been for sonic years, at a heavy expence from the markets
of England; while at the same time, the large exports of the
manufactures of Scotland to the same quarter may be sent in
return for the raw materiab.direct from our port, and under the
immediate eye of the merchants and manufacturers concerned,
instead of coastways from this to Liverpool, at considerable
expence and injury. It is impossible to calculate at present
what beneficial results to our manufacturing and commercial
prosperity may proceed from the combined efforts DOW at
works we earnestly hdpe that the utmost success may attend
them ; and, in order the more effectually to secure this object,
that the Association may soon comprehend in the list of its
members all persons of respectability who are interested in the
prosperity,, of the
.Trade of Clyde.

t ..
COURSE OF EXCHANGE, Nov.:ober 12.
A torte, dam ' lit 6C. F.
Ditto, at Sight
Rotterdam l2 7
Antwerp l2 , 6
ifintiburgli 37 2 25 Us
Altotin ..... 37 9 li Us.
Paris,o Day's sight 2l 70 0 Us.
Ditto
Bourtimita, ditto
Berlin 7 ID
Frankfort on the Nlain
Petershurgh tit
Vienna lO IS
Trieste
Madrid
Cadiz

Effective

trret ice

&dice

Billion
Barcelona
irvilir - • 3h
Gibraltar
Leghorn..
rei 144 .... • .....i3i-Venice, Ital. Lir 2s 19
Malta 46 -Naples ' 3111
Palermo
Lisbon
Oporto
11.1oUneiro
BAiliti . 50
Dublin .... 9} Cork 9} pet Cont.
BULLION.

Portugal Gold,in Coin • • L.O 0 0 r• 02
Forrigii Gold, in Bali 3 17 6
NEW Doubloons
New Dollar's
Silypr in liars, Standaytt 0 4 11*

We feel it our duty to solicit the attention, of

the Commissioners of Customs to a subject, of
very great importance to the Merchants and
Traders 'of England who do business here.—

After the duties- were taken off various articles
of manufacture on the 10th of last month, it was
generally understood that such articles might be
sent, as well by the Steam Packets from Liver-
pool, as by other conveyance ; and many indivi-
duals who have lately been in England, under
this impression, brought over parcels of goods in
their trunks with them. The consequence, how-
ever, has been, that in every instance in which
they have been discovered they have been seized,
and though eventually given up to whom they be,
longed, a heavy fine has been inflicted, although,
as must evidently appear, there could not have
been any intention whatever to defraud the Re-,
venue, or to break through the necessary regular
Lions.---(Dublin Paper.)

EAST INDIA BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, & DEATHS,

From the Madras Courier of May 1823.1

MADRAS BIRTHS.
At Mangalore, on the 23th Aptil, the Lady of J. Hazelwood,'
Esq. of a son.
At Dindigul, on the 21st April, the Lady of Capt. Smith, of
a daughter.
On the 25th ult., at St. Thome, the Lady of A. B. Poppin,
Esq. Surgeon 23d Regt. N. I. of a son.
On the 9th inst., Mrs. R. Franck, of a daughter.
At Secundrabad, on the morning of the 11th May; 'the Lady'
of Capt. J. A. Willows, 16th Re.giment, of a daughter.
At Secundrabad, on the 2d May, the Lady of Edw. Aube
Langley, Esq. 3d Regiment Light Cavalry, of a daughter.

BENGAL BIRTHS.
At the Presidency,' on the 6th April, the Lady of Lieutenant
H. B. Henderson„ of a daughter..
On the 6th April, at the liouse of her mother, Mrs. Gonsal-
ves, in Durrumtolla.h, Mrs. Gilbert Scott, of a daughter.
On the Bth April, Mrs. T. Rutledge, of a daughter.
On the 9th April., Mrs. R. Sansum, of a daughter.
On the 10th April, the Lady of J. W. Carrot, Esq. 31. D. of
a daughter.
On the 11th April, Mrs. Dow, of a son.
On Friday, the 11th April, Mrs. J. Vallente, of a son.
At Serampote, on the 12th April, Mrs. Lawrence D'Soure,
of a son.
On the 13th April, the Lady of Hugh Fergusson, Esq. of *
daughter.
E daughter.sAoO .)ntnnc3tivyfete
diaoultru2ndd Service,enagsAdin:pgyt
hr, i
elao;t2fhn6aet
hit
dlr.
si
lae titlih tot
ehf
r.A March,prli the Lady of C. Smith,
April,er qushiatt,
Bartholomewof 3aisros.n
.E.BaDn,cetru,
sof; 20(
se 1 1
oe i
fin MADRASteillde shq MARRIAGES:.AiiraiApriI,
rasby the
Civilnse
Service,
avilditaatu, g3whiantilerliga.amior.
Elizabeth Proud. .
Ou the 12th May, Mr. Jacob Thompson, to Miss Delphins 1
il
de Rozario. 1
vijc.e,Dtlio-n3fisej.
i,'
On the 14th May, by the Rev. Vieauti de Esparanga, Mr. P.
Buckland, to Miss 31ary Magdalene llorgonha, rultst
1 sister of Mr. J. L. Borgonha, Serjeant Major of the Ist t-
-19th Regiment Native Infantry.
At Secundrabad, on the 15th May, by the Rev. Mr. Bakes_ i
Capt. Alexander Grant, Deputy Assistant Commissary-teeT
to .I.aria, eldest daughter ut Lteut.-Colonel Yates, couunew
ing Ist Battalion 15th Regiment N. I.
BENGAL MARRIAGES.
At St. John's Cathedral, on the 10th April, by the gel*
J. Parson, Walby Brown Jackson, Esq, of the Honourable
..
Company's Civil Service, to Miss Cathanne Hungerford.
On the 12th April, at St. John's Cathedral, .by the Rev' •
J. Haytayne, Simon Fraser, Esq. of the Bengal Civil Service*
to Isabella Sarah, eldest daughter ; and, on the same day,
Joseph Alexander Dorin, Esq. of the same Service, to Ana,
youngest daughter of the late James Patten, Esq. Senior
Merchant to this Establishment.
At Dum-Dom, on the 10th April, by the Rev. R. Arnold, .'
Mr. P. Lancaster, Head Teacher in the Artillery School, t°
Mrs. Newton, the widow of the late Head Clerk in the Coro-
missary Genetal's Office.
On the 22d April, first at the Roman Catholic Church, ll
the Rev. Fre St. Anthonio de Maria, and from thence at St.
John's Cathedral, by the Rev. J. Parson, . Thomas Gibson,
Esq. merchant and agent, to Miss Isabella Piaggio, daughter
of the late Lieut. J. Piaggio, of the Marhatta service.
At Bareilly, on the fhb April, by licence, by the Rev. DIP
Williams, Lieutenant and Adjutant I. C. Maclean, of God-
rier's horse, son of Alex. Maclean and Lady Margaret Ma`'
lean, of Keith House, Haddington, Scotland, to Miss Jlow
Margaret Hall, second daughter of Major Thomas Hall., 0111'
mending Bareilly Battalion. ,
the
BOMBAY MARRIAGE. 80,
On Sunday, the 4th May, at the Scotch Church, by ,q, -,
J. Clow, Mr. Thomas Holloway, High Constable of Bomber
to Mrs. Elizabeth Ackerman.
MADRAS DEATHS.
On Monday last, the 28th April, William, the inapt eon°t*
George Stratton, Esq. aged .15 months and 20 days. ;op
On the 28th March, at Bellary, Lieutenant L. Dinvi)..icti
of the 17th Regiment, Quarter-Master of Brigade in the L''
Districts.
n aOt
inn
gtath ea2,2da f utilite. ,7othn thei Light
eNt l' gerr
Cavalry y 3,1 oyuanut an
gine: i
son
Wm. Harington, Esq.
At St. Thome, on the night of the
severe illness of a few hours, Grace Edwins, your!l`
of Mr. 0. B. Askiti, aged 15 months and 12410' ~,,,•,,le, MO'
On the 4th inst., in child-bed, at three in thenlol---r•;a At,
Ist inst.
Mary Ann Atkinson, aged 35 years Ordnance attire EdvMs
,y,
kinson, Assistant-Commissary of
At Negapatam, on the morning of the 25th ult. the 1,0414
John llindes, Esq. Master Attendant of Nagore, aged 24 /c-
-and nine months, of a long illness. o'lo
At Negapitem, on the sth instant, in the 4th Ye° .i• till,
age, Mr. John 'Wright, many years an inbsbitata 0
Place.
John Edmond Papell. Mune° I.
At Kulladghee, on the 9th inst.,
_Lieut. Hugh - woron '
Suddenly, on Sunday the 25th inst., in his 40th year, Jr
rand, Battalion 22d Regiment, N. 1., son of Thos.
Esq. of Stonyfield, Inverness-shire, Scotland. ~.,, orders,
afCteorrnaoe";:hfretbl4ll:tolet
I At Vey:ry, on Saturday, the 24th instant, of ti'' an ;PO
Miss Kezia Boxley, aged 6 years and 9 months, after
I`,aof seven hours. FOC nol
At Bangalore, on the 16th inst:, of the &Adel m,,j01, r i
Bose, Esq. aged 19 years, youngest son of the late •
Bose, of the 14th Native Infantry.
,Nril, of
BENGAL DEATHS.
On the sth April, at Dinn-Dum, Serjeant IllaPt °iv. n ,„
the 2d Battalion, Artillery. 3
At Meerut, on the 16th January, Capt. Ge°le . rii,
lings, of H. M. 14th Regt. touch regretted.
ii Ng 50104
At Revelunge Zillah Sarun, on the evening o_, 0, silvs
Mr. George .ngstock, a Native of Prussia, "` ,0,
age.
col ~ At Luckipore, on the 18th January, Me• Wlll°ll'llll ii-
aged 26 years. al iile"
At Juggurneth Pooree, on the Bth APtarilßeriPsgssine'lj
sary John Allen, late in charge of the Cut
and deservedly lamented.
At CawnporeFtiZtn, on the 16th April,
ter of William and Matilda Dickson, egeu ' lite:
days. • sbs4 ofe
1 b M ohs Bose'
On the 20th April, at Bogwongo a , T
130 t
rietta Eliza:, the infant daughter of Mr.
leo- r,
11J so
41 days. AO t nil
the .Ist ti Intan
In Chowringhee, on Monday, -. • •
Naos° bich
John Hadaway, of the 24th Regiment, 0, it 0
veyor in Rohilcund. r 1 1110 0010 ,
painiu Mr.,101,4/
On the 26th April, after a long and lion, , ~,
fne. prin,
he bore with Christian fortitude and roll. . ~,,, ,e
tit the pelf
CO. Bo
'With°, aged 3O ears and 26 days, one der and fflto•
sistants in the Office of Messieurs Alesan , _ liot, 14
On the 27th April, at her residence in Ute . 80el''
1/1
Moffatt, aged 56 years. T.. (icier/14
Oh the 28th April, J. L. Blaney, *on' • t con
by a circle of relations and friends. intone four
BOMBAY DEATHS. re, the intone
At Baroda, on the 21st March last, Ge?fAllee u" 101.
of Lieutenant-Colonel Kemp, after a eu"- AP'
..
, dico woe
days only.
of thell.C. Marine. Anrul Pa eti
A.t Muscat, on the 23d April, 61" in rt;votiklitettigeilseot
At Poona, on Friday, _the 2tl May, ARA ,s/
On the 4th May, the insant son of Pl'
tlieloatinogileo:ll:6.
onf:mlt.loren.u,dtealge(sn.ani Lieutenant NaVndes7tlneym,att.ll_o7..
ii, %colt"

,e.,

'Wednesday last, atlf 1—:-:---Itin"
-----ed.}Jespuls.R.Cfrolillelie'l4"'"l..l44; C;tl.do11;i1::
Id.atersAodytnolonflioirothiledathllie:viHAlD:ryry. FonfreAenlnichend,rdeowmf aL:tevniartiogoanailli:c,
Jo: °
to Elizabeth An
hunt, Herts, Esq. th to'
, ~,,,j5 t,
Ann, eldest daughter of x'
/01"
A,eeeiOenieielr7Atlni
(loaf Asopnr,ill,:pt.l3l:ftliiEt,oenDnO.::: lc°, be c 1
01/tifil°:,::ol,:c.''
where :leohnaddaygo,ofnaeltebfaosrhliiei 101, $
st., at o°4lslosi inigilt?tlorgi/ kr
3rirne.alifei'llary Anne Bickerton C 9 a coste 0..1
lartin Co • 104.0'11 01 ifi pf
lquitt, Esq., Captain. it.C.P- lAf'
Sir Richard Bickerton Bart. and in.- . satgor',oos jirt
was conveyed to LiVeeveatni,Vlailli,
di,61101 it.'o°
Ferb steam-packet, and was nn •,, chat- i st 4,
in the family vault under St. Georg° "pepticl`ctoolki' /-
On Saturday last, at his house at ft, tha ' ~,,,,.i,
I Service,' Ben o,oto
3lawn, Eq., a Justice of the Peace / .
i''t
and Surrey. , 0
or 4,
Of 41'
Psors • all
Printed and Published for- the ~, . ft. i,b
OFFICE. 112, Strand, by J- -
reAcoltity::* r_coatineocoi,B:voll,i
