DUBLIN, JUNE 28.

FROM A. CORRESPONDENT.)
" For when was public virtue to be found,
Where private is not?"
The rumours of an approaching break-up of the
Cabinet, and the return of Tory dynasty, or some-
thing worse, the ascendancy of demagogues have
been superseded here by other stories equally false
and unfounded. Our newspapers and news conven-
tides are this day filled with comments on the recent
discussion in the House of Commons respecting the
Dungarvan election. You may assure your readers,
without fear of contradiction, that Mr. Crampton is
Perfectly free from, and unconnected with, the bribery
carried on at the election for Dungarvan, as will ap-
pear from the following facts, which, considering the
quarter from which I have them, I believe to be in-
controvertible :

" First—The Solicitor-General never sent to Mr. Gal-
way the letter read by Mr. O'Connor in the house, n-r a
copy of it. Ho did, however, under circumstances which
shall be hereafter explained, write the greater part of that
letter, but declined sending it; and having thrown it
aside, it was found by his trusty servant, and deliver( d to
that party, who have since caused it to be brought forward
with " elucndations and corrections, suitable to thoir object.
" Secondly—The letter was not written on ocaiion of
the last election for Dungarvan, as is endeavoured to be
shown by the time and manner of introducinx it to public
notice. It was written long previous to that election, and
while a petition was being prepared against Mr. Jacob's
first return for Dungarvan, as will appear from its date,
which the managers of dirty jobs should have taken care
to alter, as they did other parts, before they ventured to
bring it forward.

"-Thirdly—The subscription alluded to in Mr. Cramp-
ton's letter, was not for the purpose of bribiing electors,
but for supporting a petition against Mr. Jacob's return,
which has since turned out to be the effect of bribery and
corruption."
It is well known that at the first election for Dungarvan,
when Jacob and Barron were candidates„ the Solicitor-
General was put in nomination, and several voters polled
for him before the termination of the contest. After
Jacob's return, and when the Barron party were resolved
to petition against him, they consulted the Solicitor- General
in his professional capacity; and, lam informed, he did ac-
tually draw up for them the petition on which Mr. Jacob
was unseated. On this occasion, they no doubt e4pressed
their wishes that the Solicitor-General might be declared
the sitting member, in the event of bribery being proved
against the other parties ; and probably thereby induced
him to be active in promoting the object of the petition.
It has been stated in the hall of the Four Courts—the
very focus of law and politics—that one of the friends of
Mr. Barron, while on a certain occasion consulting with
the Solicitor-General, prevailed upon him to join in the
subscription, and write the letter alluded to, in order to
give greater courage to the party in the country, who were
supporting the petition. Be it remembered, however,
that the letter which he did write was not the one read by
Mr. O'Connor.

Mr. Crampton's excellent private character—to which
Mr. Sheil has borne honourable testimony—is a complete
refutation of the charge insinuated by that letter ; and the
prevailing opinion here is, that there is no other facts for
the said charge than the facts I have stated.
This coarse attempt at calumny is, however, another
instance of that serede dirty delatorian system, by which
a certain party in this country are endeavouring to create
confusion and misrule, in which they hope to attain that
eminence, for which, in the present tranquil state of
things, their demerits render them unqualified. Such a
posture of affairs is dreaded and deprecated, not only ,by
every rational and honest man in every station of life in
Ireland, but by every virtuous patriot who can understand
the true interests and permanent welfare of the com-
►nunity.

BOYD.--The following letter was writ-
ten to an intimate friend, by that high-minded and
chivalrous gentleman a few hours only before he was
"shot, under the orders of Moreno
" Convento del, Carmen, Dec. 10, midnight.
" My dear Harry—Before this reaches you, you will
havelost a friend who was sincerely attached to you. The
preparation for death is going on, and in two short hours
" life's fitful fever" will be terminated. The clanging of
chains is ringing in my ears, and those harbingers of dis-
aster, beings clad in the livery of the grave, are flitting
before me up and down the refectory of the convent where I
write from. Surrounded am Iby them, pestering me to
recant ; but as my faith is a peculiar one, and as my sins
(such as they are) cannot be absolved through their media-
tion, I feel it unnecessary to say to you how I wish any
report as to a change of tenets to be contradicted. I have
sent about one hundred and sixty dollars to the English
Consul. Think sometimes of your old crony. I have
some friends yet in Gibraltar ; and, as it would be impru
dent to enumerate, judge who they are, and put my las
kind wishes to them into your own words. God bless your
my dear Harry—may you be happier and more fortunate
than yours, affectionately, " ROB. BOYD
G--, Esq., Gibraltar."

MARRIAGE OF MISS FANNY KEMBLE.—
The American papers, brought by the George Wash-
ington, set at rest the much-disputed problem of Miss
Kemble's marriage. The Star-spangled Banner, a
Philadelphia paper, of the 6th inst., contains the fol-
lowing announcement :—" Married this morning, by
the Right Rev. Bishop White, Pierce Butler, Esq., of
this city, to Miss Frances Ann Kemble, of England."

EDMUND KEAN.—A committee has been
formed to raise a subscription for a monument to be
erected to the memory of this deceased tragedian.
The leading members of the profession have volun-
teered their services for a benefit to be got up next
Thursday at the Richmond Theatre for the purpose.
THE DUKE OF NEWCASTLE ONCE MORE!
-..-His Grace the Duke of Newcastle, the present
owner of Hafod, has, since the purchase of the estate,
conferred much benefit on the town of Aberystwith.
He has suggested many ImprOvements so valuable and
palpable that their beneficial tendency must strike the
most casual observer; but, above all, he has set a
noble example by subscribing the munificent sum of
1,0001. towards building a pier, enlarging the harbour,
&c. His Grace has been followed by the Earl of
Lisburne 500/., Colonel Powell 5001., &c.— Chester
Courant.

CHRIST CHURCH, SUItREY.—At a vestry
meeting in this parish on Thursday, opposition was
offered to the granting of a church-rate, and after a
division on the question, a poll was demanded. The
polling commenced on Friday morning, continued
until nearly five o'clock in the evening, and terminated
in favour of granting the required rate, which was ac-
cordingly ordered.

Bell's Life in London of yesterday, June 29,
price Sevenpence, will be kept on sale, and may be
had (franks gratis) at the office, No. 170, Strand,
this day (Monday), and the whole of to-morrow
( Tuesday). Belts Life in London published the most
full and copious particulars of the contests between
Dutch Sam and Tom Gaynor, Swift and Noon, at
Andover, to .the extent of four folio columns, Coroner's
Inquest, and every particular interesting to the
Amateur. An Edition of Bell's Life in London, for
the country, is regularly published early every Satur-
day Afternoon, which may be had within 200 miles of
London on Sunday. All Sporting events of interest
are accurately published in Bell's Life in _London, a
file of which is recommended for useful reference.
Within the last few days a singular discovery
has been made at Wheal Prudence Mine, 4t. Agnes.
Some men employed inextending the edit found what
was at first considered a communication with some old
workings. Pursuing their researches, it was found
that the bottom was as complete a beach'as that over
which the ocean rolls daily, but nothing in the shape
of a communication with that element could be traced.
So complete was the state of the internal beach, that
had there not subsequently been eiscovered a variety
of conic pillars of oxide of iron, varying from 6 to 18
inches in height (caused by dropping of water from
the roof), it would have been conjectured that the bar-
rier between the cavern and the sea had not been long
formed ; these cones, however, together with the hard
irony, incrustations of some particular portions of the
sand, put it beyond doubt that the present obstruc-
tion to the sea's entrance has existed for many a

cog year. On proceeding southward about 120 feet,
a very hard head of ground presented itself, which
was at first considered the tertnination ; but on
stooping down a small aperture was seen, through
which the captain of tht thine groped, and on raising
his eyes, one of the most magniiigent excavations ever
beheld expanded to his view ; the whole extent of the
chasm measuring longitudinally 200 feet, varying from
30 to 70 feet in heiht, and in width from 20 to 40
feet ! Amongst other things found is the skeleton of
a fish, measuring from the head to the lower extremity
about two feet ; the bones were apparently as perfect
as possible, but the most trifling pressure would im-
mediately crumble them to dust, with the exception of
the skull, which was hard and firm. The whole dis-
tance from the sea to the southern extremity of the
cavern is 400 feet.—Falmouth Packet.

Mrs. Caton, of Maryland, mother of the
Marchioness Wellesley and the Marchioness of Car-
marthen, arrived at Liverpool on Friday, in the George
Washington, from New York. Mr. and Mrs. Wood
have returned from America. Mr. Sheridan Knowles
takes his 'departure for America on. the 24th of next
month.

CURIOUS ELOPEMENT.--Tlic following
scene took place in the early part of the last week :
Miss W----; the daughter of a musical professor, of
some celebrity, from his connection with a violinist of
high rank, was missing one evening last week from the
dining-table of her father. The suspicions of the lat-
ter were immediately excited ;_ and, on inquiry, finding
that she had left the house, some circumstances of her
connection with his patron, of which he had previously
heard, but not much regarded, recurred to his mind;
and recollecting that the said patron had just left town
for Boulogne, he took his departurf for Dover by that
evening's mail, and next morning proceeded in the
earliest packet to Boulogne ; having, in the meantime,
received some information of the fair fugitive. On his
reaching Boulogne, he found that hoihad arrived be-
fore his daughter. He promptly procured assistance,
for the purpose of taking forcible possession of her the
instant she reached the French coast. On her land-
ing, therefore, instead of meeting the gay Lothario,
whom she expected, behold, to her great terror and
dismay, her father ! At first she offered some resist-
ance to her father's attempt to bring her with him ; his,
remonstrances, however, and the absence of M. P ,
whom she expected there to her aid, at length pre-
vailed ; and after some further struggles, she made up
her mind to accompany her father back to England.
The great performer is probably by this time in Paris.
The father and daughter remained at Hughes's Hotel,
at Boulogne, 'that night, and reached London on
Thursday evening, in one of the Dover coaches. The
parent of the girl declares his intention of publishing
the particulars of this affair, with a view to the ex-
posure of the man of catgut. He will, however, per-
haps, think better of this intention.—!'horning Herald.

Paganini embarked at Dover for Boulogne,
on Monday, accompanied by a female, apparently not
more than seventeen years of age. The friends of
the young lady are in pursuit, with the hope of pre-
vailing upon her to return.—Kentish Observer.
COUNTY WESTMEATII—TWO WHITE-
FEET SHOT.—In consequence of information received
by that active magistrate, J. Vignoles, Esq., of
county Westineath (son of Dr. Vignoles), that a far-
mer's house, situate at Middleton, within six miles of
Mullingar, was " set " to be attacked on Monday night
last, by a party of midnight legislators and marauders,
instigated by the two-fold purpose of plunder and re-
venge, be, with a well-appointed, though small party
of police, repaired to the place at
_a certain hour on
the night in question, and having chosen a proper po-
sition near the house, there lay in wait with his men
until about 11 o'clock, when a gang, consisting of 18
armed ruffians, approached the farm-house, at once
commenced breaking into it, and quickly forced an
entrance. The ruffians were proceeding to perpetrate
the most savage acts of barbarity on the female in-
mates of the place, when the police, Mr. Vignoles
at their head, rushed in, and a desperate conflict en-
sued. One of the police was severely wounded, as
was also the farmer's wife. Two of the sanguinary
assailants were shot, and two more captured by the
determined courage of Mr. Vignoles and his little
party. Too much praise cannot be given to the
brave, decided, and judicious conduct displayed on
this occasion by the police and their leader.
TORNADO.--About four o'clock on the
evening of the 12th instant, a cloud of singularly
black and ominous appearance was observed floating
towards the northern part of the parish of Kilroot,
about two miles from Carrickfergus.—Presently a
vivid flash of forked lightning was seen to issue from
this threatening cloud. This was followed by a deep
roll of thunder, during which the cloud advanced with
singular rapidity in the direction of a farm-house.
Two young persons who were employed in an adjoining
field, being alarmed by the thunder, which was suc-
ceeded by a loud whirring noise, hastened to seek
shelter from this dreadful commotion of the elements.
When only a few perches from the above house, they
were lifted by a sudden jerk from the ground, and
carried over a hedge into an adjoining field, without
their sustaining the slightest injury 1 A hen near
them was taken up at the same time, and thrown
to the distance of about 40 perches, where she
was found dead. In the mean time the tornado had
reached the farm-house, sweeping off in its progress
the stones and earth from a fence in front, leaving the
large thorns with which it had been planted prostrate,
and their roots exposed. In a moment the thatch on
this dwelling, with part of the straws, were rolled up
and carried off like an enormous bale. That part of
the gust which entered the house, after making some
havoc among the delf on the dresser, made a passage
for itself through the roof *the rear ; the room door
was thrown open with a violent clash, where it also
made a passage in the roof. Some cattle who were
grazing in one of the fields it passed over, were ob-
served to be alarmed, and to remove suddenly in an
opposite direction. All was again pretty calm in less
than one minute, and we have heard of no further da-
mage sustained. It is worthy of remark, that on the
2d September, 1775, a similar tornado passed over in
nearly the same direction, and with nearly similar aw-
ful effect.—Belfast News-letter.

IMMENSE OCCASIONAL ENLARGEMENT
OF THE DISPATCII.—The WEEKLY DISPATCH (esta-
blished upwards of thirty years ago, and published at
No. 139, Fleet-street) is well known from its un-
equalled circulation of Thirty Thousand Copies
Weekly, as the leading Sunday Journal. This splen-
did success is owing to its uncompromising principles.
Belonging to no party, having no interests to serve
but those of the public at large, and looking to mea-
sures not to men, the DISPATCH has become identified
with the cause of general freedom, and has been em-
phatically pronounced The People's Paper. Notwith-
standing the ample size of this Journal, its conductors
have frequently been compelled, owing to want of
space, to omit portions of that great quantity of ori-
ginal matter in the shape of essays, comments on
public affairs, critiques, letters from numerous cor-
respondents, &c., which is always available for the
DISPATCH alone; and events of great importance,
occupying several columns, have occasionally led to
the exclusion of communications highly important to
that cause of freedom, and to those prin.ciples of truth,
humanity and justice, which it is at once the pride and
the dUty of the conductors, fearlessly to maintain.
To obviate this inconvenience—to extend the useful
influence of the DISPATCH—to render it still more
worthy the patronage of tho public—to evince the
gratitude of the conductors for the unprecedented
support which has stimulated and rewarded their exer-
tions—they have now to announce that they intend,
periodically (at least once a month), to add four
additional pages to that already full-sized paper,
without any increase of charge to the purchasers. On
these occasions, the DISPATCH will contain forty-eight
columns instead of thirty-two. Thus, whenever any
event of great interest occurs, either abroad or at
home, or whenever any important measures occupy
the attention of the Legislature and involve the inte-
rests of the people, the readers of the DISPATCH will-
he presented with an ample report, without the
slightest curtailment of any of the peculiar features of
their favourite journal ; the proprietors being enabled,
under this arrangement, to print an extra half-sheet
whenever additional space may be required. An
Edition for the country is published every Saturday
evening, and sent, postage free, to all parts of the
United Kingdom, by the Mail, so as to be at the dis-
tance of 130 miles from London on the Sunday
morning, and 200 miles on Sunday evening. An
edition Of THE WEEKLY DISPATCH iS published every
Monday evening in time for that day's post. This
edition is devoted to the Agricultural, Mercantile, and
Trading Interests generally, on which important sub-
jects it contains a great variety of original and useful
information, including accurate lists of Market Prices
both in town and country, and the returns at Mark-
lane up to three o'clock on Monday afternocn.—
Dispatch Office, 139, Fleet-street.

HIPPING INTELLIGENCE.(THIS DAY.)

(FROM i ~()YD'S.)
DEAL, JUNE 29.—Wind E. strong breeze.—Ar-
rived frcm the river and sailed, the Sir Edward Paget
and Minerva, for India. Kerr Rill's, the Cornwall, Bell,
fur India ; also his Illajeidy's ship Castor.
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 28.—Wind S. S.E. to E., 5i.9,
E.—Arrived the Kingston, Tonge, from Gib-
raltar, with damage and very leaky, having been in
contact with a brig.
PLYMOUTH, JUNE 28.—Wind S.W.—Arrived off
ort, the Centurion, Heppesbell, f:om Quebec.
FALMOUTH, JUNE 27.--Wind N. strong breezes, 28,
to'S.W. moderate breezes.—.l.:d his M.tjes y's
ship Nautilus, for Oporto and Lisbon.
COWES, JUNE 29.---Arrived-the Olympia; Larkens,
from New Orleans.

WEYIVOUTII, JUNE 28.—Arrived off port the Rosa-
lind, Boyle, from Quebec. .

. -
LYNN, JUNE 28.—Arrived off port the Symmetry,
Stevens, from Ceylon—sailed March 3.

TOPSHAM, RTN; 28.—Arrived the Demus, Wright-
son, from Aliramichi.

L!VERPOOL, JUNE 28.—Arrived the Dennison,
Poole, Antigua; George Washington, Holdridgc,
from New York ; Samuel, Jameson, from St. John's,
New Brunswick ; Mar:,' flalketts, Wilson, from Sicily ;
Royalist, Mackie, from Porto Cabello ; Bertha,
Claasen, from Memel; and Auosta Helena, Maach,
from Rostock. Off port the Cornelius, from Odessa ;
and Amelia, from Leghorn. Sailed the Magnet,
Al‘Minn, for Rio Janeiro and Calcutta; and Pringesn
Charlotte, Kirby,. from BoMbay.
DUBLIN, JUNE 28.—The Arklow Light Ship has
been recently moored about a mile south-west of the
South tail of Arklow banks, and now bears by cc,!n-
pass as follows :—From Arklow Rock S. E. ;41 distant .
7 miles ; Tara Hill E. by S. 4- S. distant 9 miles, and
from Tuscan Rock N. E. N. 32 miles distant.
The Alert Snowden, from Liverpool to Buenos
Ayres, struck on Arklow Bank yesterday rooming.
Should the weather continue fine it is expected that a
considerable part of the cargo may be saved.

- -
TIIE MARKETS-(THI:7, DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.
The past week's arrivals furnished the Market hour'''.
fully with Wheat, Oats, and Flour, and the trade was i;;;
throughout at declining prices. This morning thorn was;-.."41:
a good show of samples of Wheat, Beans, and 944,,
and a fair attendance of buyers. The weather, Aura
tinues very dry, which is considered as very "'UL
vourable to the crops of Spring corn. The finest pareefl'i
of Wheat sold with less freedom than of late, and the fac-
tors submitted to less terms for such and all other qualities.
may be reported 2s. per quarter lower than last Monday.
Barley remains as last quoted, with little demand. Bean
are again Is. per quartor lower. Pi ae of both kinds are
nearly nominal in value, having few at market. Oats have
sold heavily, since this day se'nnight, and the factors have
reluctantly submitted to a decline of ls. per quarter for
this article, and sales have not been extensively effected.
The Flour trade is again very heavy, at the prices of last
week.

PRICES c..i:,LBOARD OF SHIP.
•
Wheat, Red (old. —s. —a 'rteans, Small ,new) —s.---5.
White (old'...—a. -.-8. --- (old) -s. —/.
Red 18.33)....4!'5. 505. :::ick (Lew) 3'2s 351,
----- Fine 50s sos. ----.. ''old)
--t----- Superfi, c... 525. 50g. Harrow k.:".'cw) 356.375.
Wit to (18 3).485. 50s. ---, „ - 406.4.25.
;old;
___-- Fine 5-2.5. 545. Brank '4..4.
--,---- Superfinc...sss. 565. Oats, Feed 20s. 23.5.
—Foreign free...—s. —s. -- New
Rye 325. 30s. Poland 20a. i'6a.
Barley .
Grinding ..i.775.'305. Polaloe • 245.27r.
Malting 30s. 325. New ...... s:--s.
Malt
Fine New .. ...... 51.Ps. fit's. Irish 181. 2t's.24a
Pease, Grey, New 1 s. 40s. Flour Town. ,per sack; . 445.47r_
-- Maple New 4os. 4is. --"Seconds ' 405.43..
-- White 345. 4es. -- North Country. .•355.3a..
Boilers 40:. 44g. Bran
.ARRIVALS OF GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST WP:k k •

c - 3
11 17
From Whence. p F ?
t;
Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs.• Seks.
Ildboroligh BO3 21 5 30
Roston
Bridlington — 100
Clay 4O J' 300
Colchester 1.,31 112 380 112 =2 644
r' Harwich
Leigh 685 Ott 110
Maldon
e.xeter
Gainsborough — t Si 400 I
Hastings
dull — 1530
2:35 I 418 14 4k36
'Cent
Louth
Lowetti,t — 45 440
Lyme..
........ lil3 144 132 440
Newcastle — 70 I --
Newport - 62 50
Poole
Rye 143 --
Spalding
ock t on
_— 36 • 269
Well, iR, 20
isbeach 2s' 5 650 100 -
Woodbridge 582 291
Varmouth 572 3C6 765 30 30 40 It's 2
Aberdeen — 100 1990
Arbroath — 192
Banff l5 1470
u^rnick 1 145 670 10
Dunbar
undee
vei nes, 60 '750 40
irkaldy
Nlontrose — 110
Perth v 600 __
--
1.1585 1279 3175 12921 1507 168 £561
1 KISH.
Ballina
t ork — 297 687
alway 305 1102
Killal-t
Limerick 270 17
FOREIGN.
Amsterdam 760 166
Brake
Bungsiel — 1370
Caroliensiel — 505
Cuxhaven s'o
rey burg — :61
Groningen
Hamburg 8 0 402 220
• Harlingen — 620
N.miharlingersel 460
Nordenschlussed 450
Rostock 1139
Rotterdam — 3Si.O 44 165
liustringerziel 1216
Tmdern
Tonningen — 440
Voastways
Total • ” 147:4 2443 3175 128543 2.80 :663 , 8561

Total
A GG KEG ATE
Rye, Q--Tare

1147:4
QUA N'
7---I,
aMusi

1 2443 1
TITY 0
E.inseerl,
;taut, 2C

3i75
OTH

128543 I
SK MO
tapeseee
is, 179.

2.60
DS 01
I, Q--,

LC63
PU LS

0- -

SMITHFIELD MARKET.
This day's supply of Sheep, Lambs, and Calves, was good ; of
Beasts and Porkers rather limited; and the trade was tolerably
brisk. at the following prices :

PRICES PER STUNE OF BLKS. TO SINK THE OFFALS.
s. d. to s. d. a.
Inferior Feasts 2 2 2 4 Large Lambs ... . A A tI
Snond quality ditto 2 6 3 0 Prime small ditto... 310 5 U
Prime large Oxen 3 8 310 Large coarse Calves 2 8 3ln
Prime Scots, &c 4 2 4 4! Prime small ditto... 4 2 4 6
Inferior Sheep '2 2 2 4 Large Hog,
Second quality ditto 3 2 3 4 Small Porkers...— 5 6 1 3 8
Coarse.woolled ditto 3 6 3 8 Suckling Calves 12, tc eat +.
Southdown Wethers 310 4 0. Quarter &drip 12s. to 18i.each.

SUPPLY, AS PER CLERKS STATEMENT.
Beasts. Sheep and lambs. I Calves. Pigs.
2,•?.55 23080 237 I 300
. .

Abu'ut. 350 of the beasts came up the St. Alban's roPd ; about
6,0 up the other northern -roads i about 100 (including trot.)
from the western and midland districts ; about 500 from Ma-
( Satiblk. FAsex, and Cambridgeshire • abwit 30 from Kent
SussexanSussex; and most of the remainder from the marshes, ii4c,
in the neighbourhood of London.

NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS.
At per stone by the Carcass. -
.1
s. ‘i.tets. d. ' • s. d. tos. .-.
o de, inferior 2 2 2 4 Mutton, inferior... 2 4 2 6
---- middling 2 8 -3 0 .----..mlddling.. a 0 3 4
I prime large 3 4 3 R .---. prime...". 3 6 319
prime small 3 8 310 Pork, large
Veal .. ... ..........., 2 8 4 6 —.---.nall . .....
Lamb —........... 4s. 2d. to ss. 2d.

NEWCA2TLE CORN MA !MET—June %.
We had about the usual. supply of Wheat from the
farmers to-day, with several arrivals coastways during the
week, and saki were steady at about the prices of last Sa-
turday. Oats were in fair supply, and sold more readily,
but with no change in Value. Grinding Barlei steady
sale. Fine Malt in good demand ;, more doing in Rye ;
no Pease nor Beans offering. Fresh well-dressed Flour
ready sale.

New. Old. .
Whr a, Northumberland 41a. 52s --s, -.gl
--- Norfolk and Suffolk 44. 52, ..... —5. •••• b.
Berwick and Scotch 44.. sffs —B --s.— Foreign
•-•-•3 •••44..• ..• ...s.. —5.
Rye, Norfolk and Suffolk 345. 375....... —4 —a.
Foreign
s..—L ...8. .S.
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Suffolk...27s. 32s -a. —s.
Grinding and Feeding ............45a. ......455. 27s —s. —a.
Malt, Norfolk and Suflblk.
... ... ....545. 584.-- —s. 575.
Beans, Small „I. .. •
..3'2.5 34,
---- Tick —315. 324 —a. —s
Pease, White 36. 385..... •—s. —.—
Gray ...... ...... Ins $k —s. —5.
Oats, Northumberland, rotatoe .... ..... 21s 245. llk. 20a.
. ---- Fked lBs 21s —s. —3.
--- Foreign .....5. —s. --s• -
1' iota-, Fine (per sack) —a —a 344 375.

The Fox Club held its annual festival yester-
day at Greenwich. Four Cabinet Ministers and 3 t
members of the club were present. Lord Holland
presided. How wonderfully the times have changed
since the club was instituted 1

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The second reading of the Church Rates
13i11 stands for this evening. The preamble
recites the expediency of discontinuing the sys-
tem of church rates, and of making other pro-
vision for the " sufficient maintenance and re-
pair of parish churches and chapels, and for i
the decent performance of divine worship
therein." Church rates, throughout England
and Wales, are to be abolished next year, pro-
vision being made for the assessment and levy
of rates for the current year. The sum of
250,0001, Is to be annually charged upon the
land tax for the purposes of the act, and paid
to the Commissioners 'for building Churches.
The existing mortgages of church rates are to
be first paid off as a prior charge on the fund.
The annual estimates of the sums necessary for
the repair of churches and chapels are to be
allowed by the commissioners, subject to COIII-
- and advice with the bishops of
Dioceses—a certain sum to be allowed for each
diocese; and the money transmitted to the dio-
cesan treasurers. The clauses of the bill re-
gulate the appropriation of the funds, and also
the law and usage respecting pews. Our ob-
jections to this proposed measure have been
rePeattcily stated. It is, in point of fact, a
Krpetuation by modern statute of the unjust
And obnoxious principle which taxes Dissen-
ters for the support of the Church Establish-
rnent, in as much as in lieu of rates it defrays the
expenditUre by a draft on the national revenues.
The proposed appropriation of the Land Tax
is an enormous sum, an increase of our " dead
,weight" to the amount of 250,0001. The
permanent abstraetiou of such a sum from the
public purse cannot be justified in the absence
of any report from the Ecclesiastical Com-
mission. The non-appearance of thy result of
this important inquiry has occasioned much
speculation. It may be that the funds of the
deans and chapters and preben4al sinecures
would furnish an ample substitute for church
rates ; but, at all events, should this appropria-
tion of land-tax be irrevocably made, until
Parliament is informed of the real state of the
revenues of the church ? As a temporary
measure, we do not think that the Dissenters
would object to it ; but, if persisted in as per-
manent, it is understood that a formidable op-
position will be given to it in the Hou;e of
Commons, and the rein
Sorcement of the govern-
ment by the Tors will alone carry it in its
present obno,kious shape. We admit that it is
expedient to provide immediate means for the
I.lecessary expenditure heretofore levied in
church rates, and to terminate the disgraceful
scenes recently acted in the churches of all
the large towns on the occasion of refusal of
rates. But we cannot approve of the perma-
nent addition of this enormous sum of 250,0001. i
to the hierarchy—public money collected from
all classes of religionists, and taken from the
public treasury, being in fact as much a viola-
tion of the great principle of voluntary contri-
bution contended for by the Protestant Dis-
senters, as if the money were taken exclusively
from them. Sir Robert Peel recently showed
a great anxiety for the appearance of this bill ;
was the motive a Sly perception of its revival of
the differences between Minsters and the Dis-
senters ? If so, the artful baronet will be de-
ceived. The Dissenters, under no circum-
stances, will support Tories ; their conduct at
the recent elections entitles them to the respect
of the country, and we ardently hope that
Ministers will modify the Church Rates Bill
as a temporary, instead of a permanent mea-
sure.—Morning Chronicle.
The great measure of relief to the agricul-
turists, and the " boon to the female popula-
tion," as Lord Althorp described the Malthusian
Poor Law Bill, has passed through the com-
mittee of the House of Commons, and is to be
read a third time to-morrow, when of course it
must take precedence of all other business, it
being the only measure of " reform," about
which our Whig ministers seem to be in earnest,
;a.s it is also the only one which has not had
even a solitary petition presented in its favour.
It has the recommendable quality, however,
which our Whig ministers know how to appre-
ciate, of swelling the already overgrown pa-
tronage of the Crown, and multiplying the
ministerial loaves and fishes, for which the
teeth of hungry dependents water. As to the
people, they may well say, "If such be the
fruits of the tree of reform it was not worth the
planting." 'What, indeed, can the people
think of the understanding or integrity of their
rulers and their representatives, when they hear
both the reform ministers and the reformed
Parliament declare the exalted pauperism of
the pension list to be inviolable, and enact al-
most in the same breath that the poverty of the
lower classes shall be treated as a crime ! We ob-
serve that among the obsequious majority of
Lord Althorp in the House of Commons there
has been found one zealous supporter of his
Poor La A Bill, who has ventured to try the
experiment of intimidating the press for describ-
ing this bill as it ought to be described, in a
country where moral principle, humanity, and
Christian feeling are not altogether extinct.
This hon. person declared the other night that
if he were not a young member of the house,
he would have moved that the printer and pub-
lisher of a Morning Paper should be called to
the bar of the house, to answer for an article in
-that day's paper, relative to this bill—this arbi-
trary—this unconstitutional bill—this precious
specimen of heartless and immoral legislation—
relieving profligate men from the consequences,
in person and purse, of their licentious practices
against female chastity—throwing on the fe-
male,victims of perjured vows and violated pro-
mises all the penalties of the crime of the sordid
seducel,---and investing
in irresponsible Divan
10 of Central Bashaws with the repugnant powers
of late-makers for all the parishes of England, and
administrators of their own laws—giving those
Bashaws also a vast control, over the application
of the money of the ' ratepayers, and thus
uniting - legislative, executive, and fiscal
powers in, the . same hands, in a way ne-
ver heard of before in a -country understand-
ing anything of constitutional liberty; and the
principles which constitute its, strength and pro-
tection. We can tell the hon. member that his
threat shall not have the effect of intimidating
ourselves from discharging our duty to the pub-
lic in this matter. We have exposed the vi-
cious character of this bill, and predicted its
evil consequences as strongly as any of our
contemporaries. If we have applied to it strong
epithets, we have also given our reasons. If
our arguments can be answered—well ; if not,
threats against the press,-thrown out in the re-
formed ,Vouse of Commons, will not answer
them. We" all still, in spite of all such " hos-
.
tile demonstr*ons," whether from young or old
members, cal.", a spade, a spade." We care not
.4 who-it-is-that desires to throw around unconstitu-
... -tional,- immoral, and unchristian doctrines the
'llt-3-dir-4y, \'‘..
ft.:A/

fence of parliamentary privilege: We shall still
descr;he this bill as one of the most mischievous
pieces of quackery that was ever attempted to
be ittposed upon an enlightened country tinder
the name of improVentent& We wait to see what
the House Af toi•ds will do with this bill, as it is
quite certain the House of Commons have resolv-
ed to pass, by a sweeping majority, " this boon
to the female population." Yes,.,_ this is the
measure of relief proposed by Lord Althorp
amid the acclamations of that reformed House
Of Commons that, iArttla the influence of the
same leader, refused to address the Crown for
a revision of the pension list ; refused to abo-
lish the Whig Septennial Act, by which the
people were robbed of their greatest constitu-
tional check upon the corruption cif Paflia-
ment ; refused VO 4leliver the light of heaven
.from the grrasti of taxation in this .nearly the
tWentieth year of peace ; refused to abolish mi-
litary torture and the white-slavery of the fac-
tories, against the former of which disgraces
upon a civilised age and country Lord Althorp
himself had voted before he and Sir John
Hobhouse discovered the value of the British
knout to the discipline of the army ; refused to
abolish the malt-tax, to give a relief to the
farmer, and to the labourer the means of pro-
curing a cheap and nutritious beverage without
the intervention of the impoverishing and
demoralising Beer Bill. Need we go on ?
The Arts of the reformed House of Commons,
are they not written in the violation of so-
lemn promises, the desertion of great prin-
ciples, the majorities of the no-principle Ad-
ministration, and the disappointment of the
people of England ? The " young member,"
who talked of the necessity of suspending the
terrors of privilege of Parliament, like the
sword of Democles, over the neck of the free-
dom of the press, stated in the same breath that
all that had been written against the Malthu-
sian bill had produced no effect, and that the
people of'England had too much good sense to
be led away by declamation. Why then pro-
pose to persecute this " declamation" if it were
so innocent and harmless ? Men are not apt to
be alarmed at that which they despise. When
we attacked Sir Robert Peel's Forgery Bill in
as strong terms as we have attacked the Cen-
tral Bashaw Bill, that Tory statesman did not
threaten to clap the extinguisher of Parliamen-
tary privilege upon the liberty of the press.
But the Whigs have ever distinguished them-
selves by being when out of office the greatest
flatterers of the press, and when in power its
worst persecutors. To all who wish to see the
leading provisions of Lord Althorp's Poor Law
Bill ably handled, and its vicious principles and
practical consequences clearly and forcibly ex-
posed, weirecommend the perusal of the speech
delivered by Mr. Walter, the member for Berk-
shire, on Friday night. If this be what Mr.
Richards calls " declamation," we should like
to see more of it in the House of COmmons,
and then the interests of the unrepresented
classes—the labouring poor of this country—
would not be so neglected as they are ; nor
would they be delWered up to the tender mercies
of Malthusian Bashaws and the philosophers,
male and female, of the " preventive check"
school. Nor can we conclude these remarks
without bearing testimony to the judicious and
unanswered though unavailing arguments used
the same evening by Messrs. Robinson, Benett,
T. A ttwood, Jervis, and G. Young, in behalf
of humanity, Christian morals, and the consti-
tution.—Morning Herald.
Some poor-law commissioner who writes in
an evening print, has already given indication
that the persons with whom the Poor Law Bill
originated are beginning to take fright. They
flatter themselves that the bill will pass into
law as it stands (which we believe to be a mis-
take) ; and this commissioner, either more pru-
dent or more timid than the rest of his co-con-
jurers, exclaims " What is now desirable is,
that gentlemen of property throughout the
country should apply themselves earnestly to
prepare their parishes for the operation of the
law.' Now we take this to be exceedingly
unkind to Lord Althorp. His Lordship, who
has delivered himself bound into the hands of
these commissioners and become their willitg
slave, told the House of Commons on Friday
that he " was satisfied the bill was a popular
measure," (poor Lord Althorp !) ; and these
words of his LordshipJare hardly dry in type,
when up starts this commissioner with an
exhortation to gentlemen of property to pre-
pare their parishes for the operation of
the law. Prepare men for the operation of
a popular law ! Really these people should be
careful to keep in one story. There must be
more frequent rehearsals, or the actors in the
tragi-comedy will expose themselves and their
devices even to the most purblind of their spec-
tators, who have not yet found out that Punch
is made of wood. We are not at all surprised
that Lord Althorp should say he was satisfied
that the bill is a popular ,measure, though we
know the fact to be otherwise ; for nothing could
have been in better keeping with all his Lord-
ship had before said upon the subject. For in-
stance, he was satisfied that it would- be " a
boon to the female population" to Make a de-
ceived and ill-treated woman keep her own ille-
gitimate child, and suffer the rascal who had
seduced her to escape with impunity ; nay, he
was satisfied even that if respectable and
hard-working rate-payers should be called
upon to keep the "bastards of the idle
profligates, morality would be thereby ad-
vanced and the poor. rates diminished in
amount. After these things, nothing that Lord
Althorp may say or do ought to surprise any one.
But we beg to give this Commissioner, who
exhorts gentlemen of property to prepare
their parishes for the bill, apiece of information
that may be of service to him. • The parishes
are prepared for the bill : they who need pre-
paration are the country gentlemen. They,
not the parishioners generally, should be sent
to preparatory school." Has the Com-
missioner forgotten what Mr. Hodges told the
House respecting the county of Kent ?—" I
hope," said the-hon: member, "that circum-
stances may not arise to render it necessary,
to summon the House suddenly together.
Such an unpleasant . emergency may arise.
It is by no means impossible, or even im-
probable. One effect of this measure will be to
wean the people of the country of that feeling
which they at present entertain of looking up
to their neighbours for protection. That is a
circumstance, I apprehend, more worthy of the
consideration of hon. members than they seem
to be aware of. I can state it as a fact, that
the flame has been already kindled in the minds
of the people in my part of the country. The
feeling is now working in their minds, that if
they should be deprived of the assistance of
their neighbours, as they will be by this bill,
they are determined to unite for their mutual
proteotioi think it my duty to state this fact

to the house. I hope, though I do not ex-
pect, that means will be provided to insure the
carrying of this ineasiire into effect. I must say,
However, that the novel powers created by this
bill will not be carried into execution, without,

I fear, outraging all the feelings and sentiments
of the English people." This feeling is not
confined to the men of Kent. So far as our
Means of information have allowed us to form an
Opinion ttpou the subject, We have no hesitation
in saying that throughout the country the same
fearful forebodings have possessed men's minds.
Let the Commissioner therefore prepare where
preparation is needed, and take our word for it
that the parishes have made tip their minds
upon the matter: The same sapient scribbler
is good enough to tell us what the House of
Lords purpose doing with the bill, and what
they purpose not doing with it. "It is not,'
we believe, probable that the bill will meet
with any formidable opposition in the House
of Lords. The peers have generally too great
a stake in the country to allow themselves to
get up a factious opposition to a measure which
must be beneficial to the interest of which they
are the heads, as well as to the people at large.
There can be no doubt of the bill passing into
a law with very slight (if with any) altera-
tions." . A second piece of information which
we are desirous of giving to this Commissioner
is, that in all probability the House of Lords
will choose to form their own opinion upon the
merits of the bill, and not allow themselves to
be dictated to by the Commissioner and
his colleagues. 'We do not believe that
pence squeezed out of the pauper's pit-
tance . will be thought desirable acquisitions
by the Lords ; neither do we think that their
Lordships, who undoubtedly have a great stake
in the country, will take counsel from the Re-
publicans of the Westminster Rump as to the
best means of preserving it. However, it is
time enough yet to speculate upon the handling
which the House of Lords may bestow upon
the bill; but let it be recollected that they have
not yet given the least indication of having con-
tracted the Malthus-Martineauish mania. We
take this opportunity of correcting an error
which occurs in the reports of the proceedings
of the house on Friday. From them it would
appear that the result of the discussion upon
the amendment of Mr. Jervis in clause 0,
which protects the commissioners from actions
and gives them treble costs, was, that instead of
agreeing to the proposition of Mr. Jervis, the
clause was adopted by the house as it stood,
with the mere alteration of substituting " full
costs" for " treble costs." • We confess that we
were a little surprised to see it stated that Mr.
J;:rvis had not taken the sense of the house
on this clause ; because he, much to his
own personal credit, and to the honour of
the profession to which he belongs made a manly
stand against the clauses by which, with a degree
of impudence unparalleled in the annals of
British legislation and of British administra-
tions, it was proposed to place three irrespon-
sible persons above
.the law and above the
judges. All these clauses' have been abandoned
except clause 0, and we are glad to find that
the published reports of the debate do not con-
tain a full statement of what occurred. The
fact is, that Mr. Jervis moved the omission of
the entire clause. To this Lord Althorp ob-
jected. The Attorney-General, who appears
to be heartily ashamed of these portions of the
bill (and what constitutional lawyer is there
who does not in his heart loathe and abhor

them ?), though he,._not with his usual ,straight-
forwardness, holds his tongue about them, sug-
gested the substitution of the words " full
costs" for " treble costs." Mr. Jervis said he
would assent to this, provided Lord Althorp
would allow the first part of the clause, whiCh
protects the commissioners from actions, to be
struck out, and thus permit parties aggrieved
to bring actions against the commissioners.
The effect of this arrangement would have
been to give the commissioners full costs if
such actions proved not to be maintainable,
which is a large and generous protection, and one
that must necessarily shield them against frivol-
ous or vexatious suits. To show, however, the
animus in which this bill is concocted, the Attor-
ney-General was silent, but the feeling by which
a large body of the members present was moved
at so,fair a proposition not . being immediately
and cordially acceded to, forced Lord Althorp
upon his legs, and he asked for time "to con-
sider the proposal." Thus the matter rests now,
and, to state the question shortly, it is this—
" Will you give a poor man the chance which the
theory of the constitution has conferred on the
meanest and the lowest of the human creation—
an appeal to the laws of his country ? If you
will not, you will agree to the clause as it stands,
if you will, you must vote for the amendment of
Mr. Jervis. We do not exhort Mr. Jervis to
take the sense of the house on this point, be-
cause we know that exhortation to him is un-
necessary. We are quite sure that lied-will di-
vide upon the question, if what is desired should
not be, as it ought to be, yielded with the fullest
and most ample apology for having for a mo-
ment hesitated to grant it. Mr. Jervis, we are
sure, will do this, in order that the country may
know what part of its representatives will, after
solemn argument, declare that the courts of
justice are to be closed and barricaded against
all men who cannot afford to pay the costs that
wait upon the successful prosecutor of an in-
dictment—that is to say, against every poor man
in the united kingdom. Alas ! that such an
appeal as this should have become necessary to
a " Reform Administration" and 'a " Reformed
Parliament."— Times.

It will be seen by our Parliamentary report

that Mr. Payne, the printer of this paper, was
called before the House of Lords on Saturday
to answer for the breach of privilege which we
committed in arraigning ' the conduct of the
Lord Chancellor in the case of " Solarte v.
Palmer." It appeared that Mr. Payne exer-
-cised no control; over the insertion or rejection
of articles in our paper. He stated the name
of the gentleman by whom such control is
exercised, and was then discharged. The
editor of our paper is to appear at the bar of
the House of Lords this day. We have

already admitted that we have fallen into as
mistake, and expressed our regret for the strong
language which, under the influence of that
mistake, we used. If we have any thing to

urge in mitigation of our sentence, we thick it
most respectful to our judges to reserve
it until we appear at their bar. But wel
may beg the attention of our readers for a
few minutes while, with an excusable pride,
we compare the course pursued by us in this
'affair with the course pursued by others in a
similar one. On the 18th of April, 1831,
Lord Limerick complained to the House of Lords
of a breachof its priyileges committedby the Times.
On the 27th of June, 1834, Lord Brougham
complained to the House of Lords of a breach

of its privileges committed by the Post. What
is the nature of the offence in the two instances
In the first instance an attack is made upon a
noble lord, imputing, upon no reasonable
grounds at all, that he had " treated the mere
proposal of establishing a fund for the relief of
the diseased or helpless Irish with brutal ridi-
cule, and almost impious scorn," —imputing,
upon no reasonable grounds at all, that he
was one of those who " declare their indiffe-
rence to popular odium, especially when they
are at such a distance from Ireland as to
ensure the safety of their persons." In the
second instance, an attack is made upon
a noble lord, imputing, upon the ground
of certain facts, which confessedly are liable to
much misunderstanding and mistake, that for
the concealment or reversal of something
done by him, " the Journals of the House of
Lords must be garbled." The Times shows
its consciousness of the impropriety of its tone
by an attempt to shrink from investigation.
We shall not name him," says the Times
" because the House of Lords is armed with a
thing called a bar, and other disagreeable ap-
pendages." The Post testifies its conviction
that its strictures are just by the distinctness
with which it states its facts, and the confidence
with which it challenges scrutiny. "If what
we tell is false," says the Post " then there
never was committed a grosser breach of pri-
vilege than that of which we are to-day guilty."
The breach of privilege committed by the Times
was committed by a party whose general hosti-
lity -to the privileges of the House of Lords
has never been concealed. The breach of
privilege committed by the Post was com-
mitted by a party whose warm advocacy of
the privileges of the House of Lords has
always been conspicuous. What is the
defence of the accused parties in the two
instances ? Mr. Lawson, the printer of the
Times, attended at the bar of the house on
the 18th of April, 1831. • Mr. Payne, the
printer of the Post, attended at the bar of the
house on the 28th of June, 1834. Mr. Law-
son disclaimed all control over the insertion of
articles in the Times. Mr. Payne disclaimed
all control over the insertion of articles in the
Post. But Mr. Lawson refused to say who
had the supreme control of the paper of which
he was the printer ; and Mr. Payne immediately
made their Lordships acquainted with the name
of the gentleman who, as the editor of this pa-
per, is answerable for the sins of its contents.
In the one case, therefore, the individual mo-
rally responsible remains in contumacious con-
cealment. In the other, the individual mo-
rally responsible comes forward to confess
and to endure. We are desirous to be judged
upon the merits of our own cause. But let
it be remembered that in our case there
were circumstances by which we might well
be misled into error,—that in our case the
error was acknowledged as soon as it was
known, that in our case the individual on
whom the blame lies is ready to abide the pu-
nishment. That individual may claim leave to
say something in his own name. He will not
be betrayed either by the consciousness of an
error or by the fear of its penalty into the
adoption of a tone unworthy of an honourable
and conscientious man. He has stated no
facts which he did not believe to be true,—he
has drawn no inference which he did not con-
ceive to be correct,—he has expressed no opi-
nion which he did not think to be just. These
reflections
w on h
will console onse to-day. He willhim,,whateversubmitsentencemaypassed
cheerfully to that sentence, in the ;lope that it
may tend to secure from violation by less
friendly assailants those privileges in defence of
which we would readily bear a greater punish-
ment than any which will be now inflicted.—
Morning Post.

' COURT OF CHANCERY, JUNE 28.

THE AT TORNEY-GENERAI. V. SHORE.

Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. Roam.lA were to-day heard
on behalf of the relators to the present information.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL appeared for the first class
of trustees, who were, in conjunction with the sub-
trustees, appellants. The present information was
not filed officially by the Attorney-General. That
learned person had nothing to do with it further than
this :—A contest had arisen between two classes of
Dissenters as to which of them were entitled to enjoy
a particular fund, and the Attorney-General had only
permitted the use of his name for the purpose of as-
certaining to which class the fund ought to be applied.
One party claimed a right to have the other excluded
from participating in this fund, but the party for whom
he (the Solicitor-General) appeared, only contended'
that, by the terms of the gift. no sect was excluded
from entertaining any particular doctrines. The
grounds on which his honour the Vice-Chancellor's
judgment below had proceeded were well known, but
the learned counsel on the other side had not ventured
to touch upon those grounds. They had asked their
lordships to come to the same conclusion as his Honour,
not by the same chain of reasoning, but by those ar-
guments which his Honour had overruled below, and
which had not received his sanction. The learned
counsel on the other side had not brought his Honour's
inclement before their lordships, but it was now his
(the Solicitor-General's) duty to call their lordships'
most serious attention to it. His learned friend,
Mr. Knight, had incidentally made some reference
to a book that was not in evidence, viz., a supposed
version of the New Testament recommended by a
certain establishment called the Unitarian Society. An
attempt had been made below to introduce evidence
on that subject, but nothing had been produced to affix
the defendants with having taken any part in the trans-
actions of that society. He (the Solicitor General)
had then tendered a book, the last published by the
society in question, but it had been objected to, and he
had yielded to the objection. The other side then
tendered a copy of this version of the New Testament,
which they said contained certain passages which were
inconsistent with the original text, and which had been
altered so as to give effect to Unitarian doctrines. Had
the other side proved that allegation ? Why, if they
had, it certainly would be now in 1834, the date of,,the
publication of the book, the oddest way to affect a trust
created in 1704, and the oddest way of coming
to the construction of a deed 130 years old. That
book had been. withdrawn by the counsel who had
tendered it, and it now stood as a document which had
no existence in the present cause, and with which their
lordships could new have nothing to de. He (the
Solicitor-General) stated, because he had materigls
to
prove what he stated, that his Honour's decision
iTesntaa
proceeded solely upon this version of the New
a.
ment. This was not an inference which he drew, for
his Honour's judgment had avowedly proceeded upon
the biblical criticism of a document not in the cause.
He held in his hand a copy of his Honour's judgment.
" .eenlr
tstherefore
eorns: andand t
deny
ene thinky th e thatdoctrine
a o doctrine
tnoerhe i
go nt roauul srst
iense:
ts
vinwioluu
rso
sa rt
bdeei
vdri is
npe
moved ; and, though there' iS no objection personally.
to Mr. Palmer, yet, as it appears that he is a member
of the Church of England, he ought not to be continued'
a trustee." The effect of this decree was to declare
that ministers, and persons professing the Unitarian
form of belief and doctrines, could not participate in
Lady Hevvley's charity. The relators, by their cowl-,
sel, had made an offer to let the defendant, Mr. John
Pemberton Heywood, continue a trustee ; but that
gentleman not having accepted such offer, the Court
ordered and decreed that he should be removed. How
could his Honour's decree be right, when there was
no case made out against Mr. Heywood? And yet he
'was not Flermitted to continue a trustee, only because
he would'not accept that office at the hands of the re:
lators.._ His Honour's judgment had proceeded solely
on the version of the New Testament to which he had
already alluded, andlvihich;..waslnot in the cause:
Under these circumstances he felt very confident that

their lordships would not conic to the same conclusio
as his Honour, by supporting the decree of the Cou
below.

His LORDSHIP said that he would let the learned
counsel know, on Monday next, whether or no he
should be able to take this case on Wednesday.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, JUNE 28.

MAGNAY AND OTHERS V. HOLLAND.
- -

Plaintiff and others were. assignees of Baylis, a
printer ; the defendant was editor of the Monthly Ma-
gazine. The action was brought to recover the sum
of 122/. 13s. 6d. for work and labour done and per-
formed in printing that magazine.
There was no defence ; the jury then found for the
plaintiff for 1221. I3s. 6d.
