DOCTOR DOYLE.

of little short of • I,io huinin beings are pro-
posed to be restored from the most aggravated
state of human miserj., and wretchedness, to one
which may afford the greater part of them a rea-
sonable chance of cure, and to the hOpeless des-
titution of the rest such care and protection as
may soothe the melancholy lot of the incurable
maniac. W'e hear it is to be opposed on the
score of economy, and that certain parish
vestries, to their everlasting disgrace, have.
for the first time in their lives, a serious fore-
boding on the head of expence. How much
wiser would it be for these persons to look at
home ! They, indeed, to talk of economy, who
every year squander twice the amount out of the
parish rates, on their own private jobs and pro-
jects as would suffice to accomplish this desir-
able—this, we may say, indispensable object !
But we trust that there are none of the MagiS-
trates, or any considerable part of the public,
who will be duped by this fallacy.. The truth
is, that, under any thing like proper management,
the erection of a County Asylum for pauper lu-
natics will in the end be a measure of economy,
and not of expence; though, were it likely to be
otherwise, the call for it is too imperative to ren-
der that any obstacle to its completion. Takingthe
present number ofpauper lunatics at I,ooo—which
we believe very little, if at all, exceeds their actual
amount—one half of them, it may be fairly cal-
culated, will soon cease to., be such, when a
curative systern, takeS place of the present mode
of aggravating and confirming their. disease.
Not only has it been established beyond a doubt
that the cure of this dreadful malady never
enters into the minds of most of the keepers of
private madhouses, but that, having an interest
directly opposed to it, they actually prevent
its adoption. When, therefore, a parish which,
for any pauper of this kind, has to pay an
annuity of thirty pounds a-year, determinable
probably, only with life, finds, by a better system,
the same description of burden taken off their
hands and restored to society in a few months,
let this be only calculated upon the large scale to
which it actually extends, and opposed to that]
parish's share of the original cost of erecting al
County Asylum, and in less than ten years a
positive saving will be found to accrue, even
upon the most extravagant estimate. But we
would not rest the argument upon this ground
only for a moment. If any part of the expendi-
ture of the Poor-rate 'he justifiable, surely that
which is applied to the care of "the impotent"
comes Most strictly within its original meaning ;
and it would be as reasonable that the doors of
workhouses should be closed, and those of
prisons thrown open—in short, that poverty on
the one hand, and crime on the other, should be
no longer public burdens—as that the greatest of
humlan calamities, and the most awful of the
visitations of Providence, should be left to lin-
ger in aggravated, wretchedness, that those who
never thought ofecOnom) before may indulge for
once in its most cruel, heartless exercise. The
public feeling, however, is alive to the matter,
and the public eye will be upon those who have
it in hand ; and we look with confidence to an
issue Which will rescue the character of the coun-
try from one of the deepest stains which it has
ever received in the knowledge and non-removal
of such scenes as the late Parliamentary investi-
gation shows haS been so long in existence and
so long unredressed.—Mornzng Herald.

accept them, we are inclined to think that the
establishment of a Government capable of diplo-
matic relations, and such as to satisfy all the
parties concerned, that is to say, Russia, Eng-
land, and France, the Turkish Government and
the Greek people, not to mention Austria or
any other Power which may think its opinion
entitled to attention—would be a task not to be
very easily or rapidly executed. It is not too
much to say that there are no authorities, other
than those who derive their commissions from
the Porte, existing at this moment in Greece,
who are better qualified to enter into diplomatic
relations with Foreign States in the name and
on the behalf of their country, than the leaders
of the last Irish rebellion were entitled to enter
into such relations in the name and on the behalf
of Ireland. And, whatever we may think of the
Administration into the hands of which the af-
fairs of this country have unhappily fallen for a
time, we are not without hope that even they
would hesitate to establish a precedent, under
the sanction of which France or Spain might, at
some future day, pretend to form diplomatic re-
lations with a new Popish State, by means of
sending an Envoy to the rebel commandants of
a few thousand',: Irish pikes, and the temporary
possessors of a few isolated Irish baronies.—
illorning Post.
Although in his elaborate judgment, which
we gave yesterday, Lord Stowell has gone at
considerable length into the general question im-
plied in the fifth count in the original informa-
tion, namely, that a person who hath once 'be-
come possessed of freedom by residence in Great
Britain, cannot again be reduced to slavery ; yet,
in the decision to which the Learned Lord has
come,: he seems to rely rather on the specialties
of the case, and particularly on the defective
manner in which the indictment was drawn up.
There is, indeed, a manifest contradiction on the
face of the instrument ; for if, by any residence
in England, the female in question had acquired
the rights of a free subject, and if those rights,
as the Crown advocates have held, are indefea-
sible, with what show of reason or law was the
charge laid under the Slave Registration Act ?
And, on the other hand, if those rights had either
not been obtained or had become forfeited, with
what appearance of common sense could a statute
which regulates the communication of one co-
lony with another be held to apply to the commu-
nication of Antigua with England, which, by a bull
analagous to that which made Eve one of her own
daughters,:,is thus exhibited as one of its own de-
pendencies? It is impossible, therefore, not to con-
cur with Lord Stowell,when he says,that upon such
an indictment the case wholly fails, and in con-
sequence, that he might, in conformity with the
general practice that entitles a Court to dismiss
a cause in which the indictment or information
has wholly failed, dismiss this cause without
ceremony. We are, therefore, in discussing the
general question, which we can at present merely
enter upon, and on which, with much deference,
we dissent from his Lordship, relieved from a
task which might well be deemed presumptuous
—appearing to set up our judgment in opposi-
tion to the decision of the Learned Judge. The
doctrine which Cowper sung and Philpott Cur-
ran declaimed, that slaves cannot live in Eng-
land, or, to use the words of the latter, that no
*sooner does the stranger or sojourner set foot on
our soil, " no matter in what language his doom
may have been pronounced—no matter what
complexion, incompatible with freedom, sal In-
dian or an African sun may have burnt ton
him—no matter in what disastrous battle
his liberty may have been cloven down—
no matter with what solemnities he may have
been devoted upon the altar of slavery—
, the first moment he" touches the sacred soil
of Britain, the altar- and the god sink toge-
ther in the dust ; his soul walks abroad in her
own majesty ; his body swells beyond the mea-
sure of his chains, that burst from around him,
and he stands redeemed, regenerated, and disen-
thralled, by the irresistible genius of universal
emancipation." This doctrine, thus glowingly
described, is by no means old, in so far as the
dicta of our lawyers are concerned. Mr. Attor-
ney-General Yorke, afterwards Lord Hardwicke,
and Mr. Solicitor-General Talbot, afterwards
Earl Talbot, when called on for their opinion on
this question, in January 14, 1729, answered—
" We are -of opinion that a slave, by coming
from the West Indies to Great Britain or Ire-
land, either with or without his master, doth not
become free." And they added, agreeably to
this view; that the master might lawfully compel
his slaVe's return to the colonies. We are aware
of the high character of these eminent lawyers ;
but we cannot help thinking that, on this parti-
cular point, their judgments were a little warped.
Grotius, as interpreted by his commentator Gro-
' novius, lays down a very different doctrine
in respect to the Continent—" Servus
ac terrain Francorum tetigeret eodenz
moment° liber fit." We are the rather
inclined to attach small weight to the
opinion of the Crown Lawyers in 1729, that
it does not seem to have been muck attended
to in the Courts. An opinion diametrically op-
posite was pronounced in 1732—0n1y three
years after—in the case of "De Pinna v. Hen-
riquez ;', and Baron Thompson in 1750, in the
case of " Galway v. Cadee, declared that a slave
became free on his first setting foot in England.
Lord Chief Justice Holt held the same lan-
guage, and he adds, " one may be a villein in
England, but not a slave." It is true that there
were opposing judgments, and in practice the
doctrine of Lords Hardwicke and Talbot were
acted on for many years after. So late as 1770,
advertisements were common in the English
newspapers of negroes for sale, and sales were
actually effected in London as openly, if not so
commonly, as in Jamaica. Granville Sharpe
quotes from one of the Journals of 1769, a no-
tice which states, that the advertiser has for sale,
" a chesnut gelding, a good grey . mare, and a
well-made good tempered black boy." On the
22d June, 1772, Lord Mansfield, after much
deliberation (he put it off for three Terms), pro-
nounced the famous judgment in the case of
" Summersett and Knowles," which finally set
the question at rest on one point, namely, that
no master of a slave in England had a legal right
to take him back to the Colonies without his
consent, or, in other words, to reduce him again
to a state of slavery. The question which has
arisen, rather incidentally than directly, out of
the case appealed to Lord Stowell—whether a
person formerly a slave, who had been made free
by the mere act of residing in Britain, could
lose the liberty thus obtained, and fall back into
his original condition, which we shall briefly
consider to-morrow, was not raised in Summer-
y
setts case.--Nev. imes.

The Morning Paper which is the most closely
connected with. Administration, and the most
deeply pledged td • its support, presented its
readers; yesterday with the following exquisite
specimen of siniplicity in relation to the Treats-
of Intervention between Turkey and Greece, and
the naval operations consequent upon it :
" By continuing," mys our contemporary, "the same
!,s.-stem of rigour, the independence of Greece is secured,
Wilrthr the Porte accepte of the proffered terms or not ;
and nothing but a confusion in the Greek Government,
or the prevalence of internal anarchy, can long prevent
the Allies from entering into those d2plomatic relation”
with this new Christian State which are announced in the
Convention by which its establishment and protection are
guaranteed."
Vigour—lnternal Anarchy—Diplomatic
Relations—Each of these phrases suggest a train
of reflections which if the zeal of our contempo-
rary had not outrun his discretion, he would
have been most careful not to excite. Let us
cake them in their order. The vigour of the
Iptem is exemplified in the establishment of a
blockade, which, to judge from past events, the
blockaded force either altogether or in portions
may attempt to break through whenever and as
often as a convenient opportunity presents itself,
without the dread of any worse consequenee
than that of being led back to a safe harbour,
and placed in a state and position of readi-
ness for a renewed attempt. This is a new
kind of vigour in the enforcement of a legiti-
mate blockade. Its practical result must be
to render the blockade entirely nugatory, or, in
other words, to ensure the escape of the Turkish
force, either collectively or in detached portions,
if ita Commander waits and watches for those
advantageous opportunities, which in such cir-
cumstances are sure to occur. Our operations
have been so conducted, (and in this it may per-
haps be said there is a degree of moral vigour)
as to involve the unequivocal and hardy confes-
sion of the illegitimacy anti injustice of our
whole enterprise. The unresisted continuance,
and the rapid growth of Greek piracy in the Le-
vant, affords another beautiful illustration of our
vigour. The policy of the Greek insurgents
sanctions piracy, or it does not. In the former,
which we believe to he the actual case, England
ought to have been the sternest and most active
of their foes. In the latter, England, if she un-
dertook the office of their friend, and meant to
discharge it with either wisdom, sincerity, or
vigour, would have lent them effectual assistance
for
the suppression of piracy—the oppro-
biurri of their nation and cause. The existence
rf internal anarchy in Greece, from the first incr
anent of the insurrection to the present time, is a
fact which we suppose will not be disputed. Our
Philhelienists w0111(1, we know, dispute it if they
could, and maintain very gravely that there is
now in Greece a government regularly organized
and acknowled.c;ed ; but the systematic and un-
bounded trade of piracy carried on by the Greek
people, both of the Islands and the Continent,
would render this pretension rather inconvenient ;
inasmuch as established Governments are gene-
rally deemed in some degree responsible for the
conduct of their subjects. We have no fear,
therefore, of being contradicted, when we assert
the actual prevalence of internal anarchy in
Greece. Nor do we see the least chance of its
being
superseded by any firm and settled Go-
vernment, unless in one of these two events—
the full resumption of authority by the Ottoman
Porte ; or the conversion of Greece into a Rus-
aian province
substantially, under whatever
name or form the dependency be disguised.
.may
The Allies then are likely,t as it appears to us, to
he prevented for a 101 l
"mg into "diplomaticg limp to
come fromi
enter-
ations with the new
Christian State,'-' unless the Porte slsould ac-
cept the proffored terms : and if it even should

Mr. HOLLAND, a gentleman who died re-
cently at Gawsworth, was remarkable for the eccentricity
of his character. Amongst other whims, he would never
allow his horses to be shod, as he used to say it would
make them so proud that they could never work for look-
ing down at their feet !---Mancheilter Mercury.

IRELAND.

KING'S COUNTY QUARTER SESSIONS.

The general Quarter Sessions for the King's
county closed at Parsonstown on Thursday last,
and the proceedings were highly important to
this county and neighbourhood, as a number of
persons belonging to the two contending factions
of the " Darigs and Cummins" were indicted for
riots and assaults. We understand that 50 of
them were convicted and sentenced, and we sin-
cerely hope that the severe and necessary examples
that have been made will produce good effects,
and that the violence and outrage which for some
time kept the peaceable and industrious in terror
and alarm, will give way to tranquillity. Twenty
of the rioters, who had•asseinbled to the number
of many hundreds, at a place called Borafoka, on
Sunday, the 7th of October, for the purpose of
giving battle to the opposing faction, which had
°also met in great numbers, were tried and con-
victed. We subjoin the address which Mr.
Howley, the assistant barrister, pronounced in
passing sentence upon them, as we think it paints
in strong colours the folly and wickedness of
those tumultuous assemblies, and because we
consider it a good moral lecture, as applicable to
our own county as to the persons to whom it was
addressed :

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

GUlLDHALL.—Yesterday Mr. Tunnell, of Fleet-

•
street, appeared a second time to meet the complaint of Mr.
Armstrong, of Liverpool, and account for having possession
of three watches Mr. Armstrong believed to have been
stolen from him. Some time was wasted in conversation,
Mr. Armstrong. wishing the case to be again postponed for
want of counsel, and the other party resisting his applica-
tion : at last Sir J. PERRING said to Mr. Armstrong,
" Have you any fresh evidence?" Mr. Armstrong—l be-
lieve so. _ _

" Traversers at the Bar,--You have been severally
tried and convicted of being amongst a party, which ,
assembled to the number of some hundreds, on Sun-
day, the 7th of October, at a place, in this county,
called Borafoka, for the purpose of entering into
hostile conflict with other persons to whom you are
opposed, who had also met in great force at the
same place, and with whom you have been for some
time past carrying on an unnatural and sanguinary
warfare. Some amongst you appear to have been
armed with deadly weapons, and but for the very
prompt and active interference of the constabulary
force, there can be little doubt but that the day
would not have gone down without witnessing the
mutilation, if not the death of some human beings.
It further appears, that when you were remonstrated
with by the chief constable commanding the police,
and who seems to have acted with caution and for-
bearance, instead of obeying his orders, which were
communicated to you in a tone more of friendliness
than anger, and departing peaceably to your homes,
some amongst you assailed him with stones, one of
which took effect with serious injury. It is to be
collected, not alone from the evidence in this case,
but from other trials that have taken place at the
present sessions, that this part of the country, to
the extent of several miles, has been for some time
past, kept in a state of continued agitation and alarm
by two factions, to one of which you appear to be-
long. Designated by particular names, and
confederated by wicked and secret oaths, they
pursue their sanguinary reprisals against each other,
with an unresentingand unwearied perseverance. At
the fair and at the market, at the chapel and at the
funeral, by night and by day, they search out for the
opposing clan, and meet only to assail. Instances
have occurred,where, in the very streets of thistown
at the public and busy hour of the day, murder has
been done ; and, although committed before many
witnesses, they either from fear or wickedness have
not declared the crime against the foul perpetrators.
When the passions of men. are strongly moved, we
naturally look for the motive of such excitement, and
which, although it might fail to justify, would yet
tend to explain. But you appear to act from no
other impulse than a kind of wanton wickedness,
which, if you consult your own hearts, you will find
not only to be without cause, but without colour.—
Consider the character of those offences which your
clanships and your factions lead you to commit. In
the first place, you violate the solemn command of
the Deity, who has given it as his canon that we
should love our neighbour; you are, secondly, guilty
of an offence against the laws of your country, by
interrupting the public peace, and committing vio-
lence upon those who are within its protection.—
True it is that you have bound yourselves by secret
oaths to aid each other in the perpetration of outrage
but in doing so you greatly aggravate your crime, in
thus daring to call on a God of Peace as a witness
to your unchristian confederation, and you are
guilty of a deep profanation in attempting to join
the sanction of the Divinity to purposes against
which he has set his precept. What can you pro-
pose to yourselves by the conduct you are pursuing ?
Do you imagine that you will be allowed to violate
the law with impunity, and that it must abdicate
in your favour ? Or are you weak enough to think,
that the peaceable and the industrious must leave
the public fair and market, and assign them to you
as a field upon which to decide your fierce conten-
tions ? No day or place is respected by you. On
Sunday, a day that ought to be dedicated to better
purposes, you frequently meet in anger against each
other ; you assemble at the chapel, not for objects
of devotion and religion, but for those of feud and of
battle. At the burials of the dead, you come to-
gether rather as a hostile gathering, , than with those
sentiments of subdued and sober feeling which should
grow out of such evidence of your own mortality.
See the further consequence of your violation.of the
laws. So far as regards yourselves, it must be a
long confinement, at a distance from your homes ;
but it will also press heavily on persons whom you
are bound to protect, and towards whom you have
broken your duty, by placing yourselves in that con-
dition which disables you from affording that protec-
tion. Such of you as have wives and children can-
not, during the period of your confinement, perform
towards them those duties which at the altar you
vowed to exercise towards the one, and which na-
ture, speaking ,vithin your hearts, moves you to afford
to the other=you have brought upon them a kind
of widowhood and orphanage, and they have a right
to cry out against you. Your farms, too, must
remain for a period without your management and
direction, and thus your means, which may be little,
are likely to become less. Do not blame the law
for these things; they are the bitter fruits of your
own misconduct. Let me then earnestly solicit you
to come to a better reflection, and I speak as well'
to the crowded auditory in Court as to the traver-
sers standing at the bar. Let me remind you, that
it you continue to perpetrate outrages upon each
other, that the day may come, when, in the place of
standing at the bar of this ourt, charged with a
misdemeanour, yon 'may have to pass the heavy and
gs
to
which I you in
anxious day of trial for your lives, answering, as
culprits, for some murdered victim of your violence.
a—ngDero
;mitt ilmvosuglidneillthbaetcolmseaytthhe placeesethin from
address you, that I should speak in such a spirit;
neither must you think that the law is partial or se-
vere,
for you must remember that the same protec-
tion which it is now affording to others in awarding
punishment against your offence, it would also ex-
tend to you, should you in turn require such pro- ,
tection. The severity of the lavv oftentimes becomes
the exercise of its best mercy.

Sir J. PEAKING—When are you likely to produce it?
Mr. Armstrong—To-morrow, or at least I shall have Mr.
Butler.
Mr. Adolphus submitted that whether Mr. Butler at-
tended or not, the Magistrate would not permit a respectable
tradesman to be harrassed day after day. On the part of
Mr. Tunnel {although he had not consulted him on the
point) he would propose that he should enter into recogni-
sance to appear at the nett sessions in case Mr. Armstrong
chose to prefer an indictment, or to appear here on any
future day,. on receiving sufficient notice,—say three days.
Mr. Clarkson did nut think the case would warrant the
calling upon his client to appear here from time to time.
Mr. Henson, a solicitor, said Mr. Armstrong would be
satisfied with Mr. Adolphus's proposition, and Mr. T.
having declared his willingness to meet the charge at any
time, was dismissed.
Mr. Tunnel! had, at the previous hearing, entered into
his own recognizance in 1001. to appear at the next See.
lions (for the Magistrates have not power to take recogni-
zances to appear on a future day at any other place) and it
was unnecessary to bind him over anew.
Miller, the chief officer at Lambeth-street, was in at-
tendance early in the morning, to rebut an insinuation
thrown out by Mr. Armstrong, that he kept him exposed
in the police-office half an hour, although cautioned that
such exposure would frustrate the object in obtaining a
search-warrant, as Ikey Solomon's spies were acquainted
with Mr. Armstrong's person. Miller denies that he had
any such caution given to him, or that he detained Mr.
A. above ten minutes.
Mr. Armstrong also complained of the delay that took
place at Guildhall in discussing whether a search warrant
could be granted upon his oath alone. There was, evi-
dently, however, some difficulty in the case. Magistrates
are held to have a common law right to issue search-war-
rants, but that right has long been regulated by statute.
The 22d of Geo. HI. c. 58, enacted, that " On complaint
being made on oath before one justice that there is reason
to suspect that stolen goods are knowingly concealed in
any house or place, he may by his warrant cane such
house or place to be searched in the day-time." This
Act is repealed by one of Mr. Peel's five acts passed last
session, and the only clause in the new statute upon this
point is the 53d section of the larceny act, which seems to
assume that the old law is still in existence. It states,
" If any credible witness shall prove upon oath a reason-
able cause to suspect that any person has in his possession
or on his premises, any property on or with respect to
which, any such offence (that is, any offence punishable by
indictment, or upon summary conviction) shall have been
committed, the justice may grant a warrant to search for
such property, as in the case of stolen goods." Now Mr.
Armstrong was unable to bring forward the source of his
private information, and the three watches he had seen,
and believed to have been stolen from his premises, were
not concealed, but exposed in a manner that seemed to
overturn the presumptien that Mr. Tunnell had received
them knowing them to have been stolen, and which pre-
sumption alone could form a ground for issuing a search-
warrant.

BOW.STREET.—A young man of rather gentlemanly
address, but whose coat and trousers bore evident marks
of a recent roll in the mud, was placed at the bar under
the following whimsical circumstances:—
John Gallway was brother to Mr. George Gallway, of
No. 6, York-street, Covent-garden, who. trades in Irish
whisky. On Tuesday evening, about seven o'clock, he was
in his brother's shop, when the prisoner, whom he had
never seen to his knowledge before, came in, and asked to
see some samples of Irish whisky. A few samples were
accordingly set before him,- and after tasting two of them,
he ordered three gallons of a particular description to be
sent to the residence of Thomas Spring Rice, Esq. 26,
Baker-street, Portman-square ; and from what he said,
the witness believed him to be that person. The prisoner,
after some further conversation, in which. he mentioned
the names of several distinguished persons, whose partiality
for Irish whisky, he said, was equal to his own, requested
leave to go into the parlour, and asked the witness to
oblige him with some whisky and, a little cold water, ad.
" I wish to try the flavour of yopr whisky, but it
would not be decorous you know, for a man in my
station to be seen drinking in a shop." The witness corn-
plied with this request, introduced the prisoner to the
parlour, and provided him with about a pint and a-half
of raspberry whisky in a bottle, with some cold water and
sugar. One or two gentlemen then came into the shop,
and the witness went to serve them. On returning to the
parloui, in about a quarter of an hour, he saw the prisoner
sitting on a couch looking very stupid and queer. Suspect-
ing the cause, and yet hardly crediting his senses, he turned
his eye to the whisky bottle, and saw that it contained a
very small quantity indeed, although when be left it with
the prisoner it was nearly full. The prisoner rose up as
well as 'he was able, stammered out something in praise of
the whisky, and promised to draw a large connexion to his
brother's shop. He again mentioned the name of several
high personages with whom he said he was quite familiar,
and observedi that he was sure his cousin, Sir John Burke,
who was particularly attached to Irish whisky whenever
he could get the genuine article, would order ten gallons at
least ,for his private drinking. The prisoner said his own
name was Thomas Spring Rice, and added they have made
me Under Secretary of State lately much against my will
I assure you. His brother fortunately came in shortly after.
Mr. George Galiway, whose rich accent bespoke him to
be a native of the southern extremity of the sister kingdom
where whisky. is said to be in its purity, stated what he,
knew of the transaction, and occasioned considerable mer-
riment by the droll manner in which he gave his evi-
dence. " Please your worship," said he, " I came into
the shop last night about eight o'clock, and as soon as
I (lid, my brother here pulled me one side, and told
me, in a whisper, that Mr. Spring Rice, the Under
Secretary of State, was in the parlour dead drunk.—
(Loud laughter.)—My brother declared he had drank
nearly a pint and a half of whisky, and be did not know
what on earth to do with him. I was very ranch sur-
prised at this, your worship, as I thought Mr. Rice was
quite another sort of a person, and so I took off my hat
of respect to his rank, to be sure, and went into the
parlour, where I saw a gentleman sitting on the sofa,
looking very queer certainly. He came over to me as
well as he could, shook me by the hand and said, " Ah !
how do you do ? You know me, I suppose ? lam Mr.
Themes Spring Rice, Under Secretary of State for the
Home Department. I shall patronize your house, andshall
feel very happy in helping you to dispose of your whis-
key.' (Renewed laughter, in which the Bench was forced
to join.) He then said a great many strange things, and
after running on for some moments he suddenly stopped
short and asked me what he had been saying. There was
a gentleman in the shop who was personally acquainted
with Mr. Rice, and as I began to feel some doubts that the
prisoner's account of himself was correct. I requested this
gentleman to take notice of the person of the prisoner as he
passed through the shop, on his way to the street. The
gentleman, however declined doing so, and turned his head
another way, saying, ' I don't wish Mr. Rice should think
I saw him in such a situation , it might hurt his feelings.'
(Roars of laughter). Mr. Gallway concluded by stating
that just as the prisoner reached the street, the gentleman
in the shop caught a glimpse of his person, and declared
at once that he was not Mr. Rice ; "upon hearing which,"
said the witness, " I called the watch and gave the prisoner
into custody. I asked him if hie name was Rice, but he
denied it, and said his name was Martin."
Mr. HALLS asked the prisoner, who seemed hardly re-
covered from the effects of his potation, what lie had to
say for:himself; " but first, what is your name, said die
Magistrate ?" The prisoner replied, that his name was
Patrick Henry Martin.
Mr. HALLS—Ot what business or profession are you ?
' Prisoner—l am in uo trade or business ;lam a private
gentleman. He added, I am a private gentleman. I
have been in the wine trade, and have property in the
West Indies.

Mr. HALLS--It is proved in evidence that you went
sober into this persen's shop, and ordered three gallons of
spirits in the name of a gentleman with whom, it appears,
you have no connexion whatever. You afterwards, when
drunk, stated yourself to be that person • and as there is
reason to suppose that you have practised similar tricks
elsewhere, I shall feel it my duty to remand you until to-
morrow

The prisoner was then removed• He appeared at first
to treat the matter as a joke, but he grew suddenly
very serious, when told he should be remanded for another
examination.

lIATTON-GARDEN.—Joseph Baulion, who lived
as footman in the service of Miss Pearson, in Lamb's-
conduit-street, was yesterday brought before "r. ROGERS
and Mr. Sergeant SELLON, the sitting Magistrates, upon
a charge of having robbed his mistress of plate to the value
of nearly 3001.
Miss Pearson's brother stated to the Magistrate, that

she had taken the prisoner into her service some time in
September last, upon trial fora month ; that on the even-
ing of the 22d of October, the day previous to the expira-
tion of the month, she went out to enjoy a party of her
friends, leaving at home none but a female servant and the
prisoner; and that it was supposed that the prisoner,
taking advantage of his mistress's absence, seized the op-
portunity of committing the robbery with which he was
now charged.
The prisoner was then interrogated by the MaatsTaaTa.
He said he was from Buckinghamshire. He was taken up
before upon suspicion of having stolen books. That he
lived with a Mrs. Goad, in Mitcham, after leaving the
Rev. Mr. Crammer, from both of whom he received a most
excellent character. That after he left Mitcham he took
up his residence at the Flying Horse, Grubb-street, where
he lived five weeks before he came to Miss Pearson, and
that he at present resides at 427, Oxford-street.
. .

The MAGISTRATES consulted with one another for some
short time, when Mr. ROGERS declared that, taking all the
circumstances of the case into consideration, they could see
nothing in them strong enough to warrant them in detain-
ing the prisoner.—He was then discharged.
Suspicion attached in no small degree to the two female
servants, by reason of a Mrs. Bennett, who lives in Bald-
win's-gardens, and was in the habit of visiting them at
Miss Pearson's in the character of fortune-teller.

THAMES-POLlCE.—Yesterday a young woman,
with a child in her arms, named Mary Cain, was brought
before Mr. BALLANTINZ, the Sitting Magistrate, by.
Wilson, the officer, to answer the charge of Mary Cal-
laghan, who had been beaten most severely, and thrown
into a bonfire, on the night of the sth inst., by which she
was very much burnt about the legs and arms.
The complainant, an Irishwoman, appeared to be suffer-
ing under great pain. She stated that she lives in King-
street, in the district of the office, as also does Mary Cain,
that on Monday evening she went out, and on returning
home, discovered that the whole of her back premises had
been torn down, and the wooden palings of which they
were composed, together with some linen that she had left
upon the clothes-line, had been carried away as fuel for a
large bonfire, then raging in a square place at the rear of
her house. She went amongst the party surrounding the
fire, and endeavoured to extricate some of her palings, when
she was beset by a mob of boys and men, who attacked her
with heavy stones and brickbats, several of which struck her;
they afterwards threw her into the midst of the bonfire, and
with the utmost difficulty she saved herself from being con-
sumed. The defendant took a very active part in pelting
her with stones. After she had made her way into her
own house, .the. defendant attacked the door, which was
literally demolished with stones : fearing her life was in
danger, she went up stairs, when a shower of brickbats
came into the room, demolishing the glass and frame-work
of the windows.

A female witness, named Casey, swore most positively to
having seen the defendant throw stones in at the windows.
The 'MAGISTRATE told her, that two persons having
sworn most positively that she had thrown the stones and
demolished six squares of glass, he should order her to
make compensation, or be committed to the House of Cor-
rection.

The defendant refused to compensate the complainant,
and she was committed accordingly.
QUEEN-SQUARE.--Yesterday, Harriet Williams
alias Percy, and Jas. Bates, were charged with robbing
Mr. G. Whitroe, a tradesman of considerable property,
carrying on the business of a japanner, at No. 25, Great
Peter-street, Westminster, of a pocket-book, containing
501. in Bank of England notes.
Mr. Whitroe, who is apparently upwards of 60 years
of age, stated, that he had known the female prisoner since
June last, and was in the habit of calling upon her at her
lodgings in Pear-street, Stratton-ground. He called on
Tuesday afternoon, when he had in his pocket a pocket-
book, containing two 201. notes and two 5/. He sent her
out for some refreshment; and in consequence of having
once before lost a diamond-pin when in her company, he
thought it best while she was absent, to conceal the pocket-
book between the bed and bedstead. After he left her lodgings,
be missed his pocket-book, and recollecting where he had
placed it, hurried back, and asked if Harriet was at home?
The landlady said she was not, and would not let hico go
up stairs. He, however, forced his way, and found the
door of the room fastened. After some little time, the
landlady called to the person inside to open the door, when
the prisoner, Bates, opened it. He found the bed in
greater confusion than when he left the room, and his
pocket-book was gone.

The female prisoner, in her defence, alleged that the
complainant was in the habit of calling upon her, when he
was sure to make her drunk. On Monday afternoon-they
drank three quarts of gin. She detailed other unimpor-
tant circumstances in regard to their intimacy, and some
gambols the complainant played with her ; and concluded
by asserting that he had premised her marriage, and given
her a bond for 2,0001. as security for its fulfilment.
Bates declared he knew nothing of the money; he lodged
in the house.

Some ridiculous letters from Mr. Whitroe to the female
prisoner were handed ❑p to the Magistrate.—The prisoners
were remanded till Saturday.
UNION-HALL.—A French gentleman, named Du
Pre, appeared to answer a charge of assaulting a carpenter
named Tebbs, of Walworth. The son of the complainant,
with other boys, on the sth inst., presented himself before
the defendant's house, with an effigy of Guy Fawkes, and
the defendant, irritated at the conduct of the younkers,
tumbled the effigy into a ditch, and afterwards assaulted the
complainant.
A solicitor for Mr. Du Pre, alleged that the boys were
purposely sent to annoy the defendant. 31r. Du Pre e►en-
tually entered into his own recognizances to answer the charge.

THE MARKETS.

I had the pleasure of seeing and hearing ow
celebrated Dr.
Dr.aDt
tohyele,chlaastpel Sunday
beweAeku,gatsttiC4
He p
friars. The admission was by tickets, 20s. eat'
interU
lighted A
e These
and the proceeds were, as I understand,
to liquidate a debt incurred for some alterstO:
which that chapel is undergoing. Though
wilo.:,
strange to pay, for admission into a house of
et
ship as'into a theatre—yet as there were no oth
means of raising funds to meet the debt, 161; !
not blame the Augustinians for resorting _ 4
this mode. The audience was numer°,tl
and very respectable. They seemed to wait` II!,
, n IF
the utmost anxiety the arrival of the Bismor' cf
so much because they expected to hear a Ul/%11 '
first-rate eloquence—the Doctor's fame.
preacher being in my mind far beneath, his
.2
serts—but rather to see him whose political
co
theological writings, together with his eitiesfr
on the Irish inquiry, raised him so high into
lie estimation here. Whether owing to his,lcits
or his Episcopal rank—for I cannot tell if'"be.
having never heard a Itomish Bishop preaeld,
fore—he entered with more pomp than is,nr:s
side aisle towards the pulpit, which control 01
the use of Roman 'pulpits here, was placettfro
children
.hledesenreegt
enwari
were
galleries,:
iafifedosr
Catholicisliina:newddhi
proceedingte, aii d Pco
I:72ltei
the Roman
Cork, attended by a boy bearing a taper. Ail
waytwh he o a
Doyle, with a similar attendant, brought tift_,%
rear. On approaching the altar, the whole.
between, the
knelt, a few minutes in prayer, after which
prelates rose, bowed to each other, and
Doyle ascended the pulpit. He is in seen
about forty-two or three years old, but in
aby fet hwr three 5
he pt 1)01
I believe no more than about thirty-eight. i.;db
difference arises from his wearing powder, °TO
adds an additional gravity to his appearance' ilee,
face is strongly marked, and peculiarly ille ob. I
tual, but totally deficient of elegance. 1',.9„
viously the countenance of one who deligul" b f
studies of a severer nature ; its impressieneri
little stern, but not repulsive. There is a "tbe
of forced placidity, not that which speaks 4,
absence of passion, but tells rather of stroo
passion subdued, and this conviction is alt
deeply enforced when you look into his cr
expressive eye, full of power, but power $Ol,
pressed. There was a sort of preparation__ 4,
pause at the conclusion of his every pat47o
which has an ungraceful and constrained efroo
proceeding, as you would suppose, rather sog
a fear of abusing, than an incapability Of 11,64
strength, and reminding me of a giant karst,
in bonds, which he could but would not u tor.
His gesticulation partook of the same chstlicita. 1
They said in Cork that he resembled Broug.;ith.
His style of composition is highly finished; rof
out being too stiffly artificial ; more like that,l
Addison than of any other English writer „t of
whom lam acquainted. A strong centime Est.
extensive liberality, almost incredible to a: ear
glish Protestant, who was not himself3l, di,
witness to its expression, pervaded his w"°„"diecs
course ; and I 'must own my early por as 1,
against Popery were greatly softened down most"
listened to an Irish Catholic Prelate, thepti'l
remarkable of his order, preaching the deoca,
of religious liberty to an auditory, who listeAus.
with the utmost attention, and seemed moan filk
, convinced-by his arguments. At times
it , Llu:for
ahsisbdeisdewoeulrtse,upothnethpeolpitriocisacnri
thoughtsconcealments
were
eI,
go. ,
gious of his own country suffered in her ink
persecution : his voice, hitherto regu - above
and
somewhat of artificial smoothness, rose feel,
the
1 correction, and gave a natural course t° tool
ings that prompted his words ; his eye assn
more of passionate expression, and his . to °
figure seemed warmed by and wrought In,
_11,,,
sympathy with his subject. But he quickly s.stsji
pressed the growing ardour,_ and tamed hie'
down to the more chastened sobriety of his
neral topic. The principal characteristic 01, be
' oratory is the impassioned conviction whiff tile
evidently
eonftlythe
on etahpbrotleyis:cnaCwsy ehandrniiscdhiPsentnhs:l:'4r.iri:ii,t
himself appears to entertain of the truth odor
doctrines he utters. He is evidently an te.s, ea'
siast for his creed and country ; but.then Pnsilig
thusiasm is not of that dangerous kind,tio
out of ignorance combined with obstinseY joai
the consequence of deep conviction, after he
research, aided, to-be-sure, by education, to
early prejudices. In his search, of course,e'
would be better pleased to discover those $ r
sati
ments which favoured his own opinions ; suie
though I dislike all sorts of enthusiasm '3130601
jects so all-involving—so deeply affecting 5..,,,i1a
at large as those of religion and politics, I 7., tO
prefer that which is founded on wide inqutriod
one which stops at a favourite point, detherni;oc,
to proceed no further. The re P
cei'tsfteof the
tor 's sermon fully equalled the expectations. ~,
d of which, 11l
order for which he reached, on h C
There was a dot,it
the-by, he is a member.
as it was know" '
excitement on the occasion, ll g
the celebrated Huntwwoldould attend, and the see-i,
h ten shillings.
...,e,
. two lions at once wayort —

COAL MAR
Dean's Primrose 34, tid.
Melton Main ----- 32 6
Forrest
Heaton 37 6
Hebburn Main 37 0
Holywell 35 0
Killingworth 36 0
Liddell's 32 0
Ord's Red}nigh 32 0
Percy East..—. 32 0
Pontop Wind50r.,..,,...,, 31 9
Shipcote. 34 0
Tamir'ld 33 9
Townley 34 6
Willington
Wylam . 34 6
Walls End Bell and Co. 37 0
Ditto Bell Robson & Co. 36 9
Ditto Bewickeand C 0... 39 6
Ditto Brown's 36 0
Ditto Burraton 36 6
Ditto Carr and 35 0
Ditto Cramlington........, 34 6
Ditto Hilda 36 3
Ditto 35 0
Ditto Hender50n...,,,,,.. . 32 0
Ships at market, 127—Ship

ET.—Nov. 7.
Walls end Newmarch.... 375. Od,
Ditto Notthumberland 36 0
Ditto Perkins and Co. 39 6
Ditto It kick 19 0
Ditto Russell's 39 6
Ditto Walker 39 6
Heaton Trader 37 3
Taafiel I Trader...v....-, 33 3
Pelaw Coasting Trader 36 0
Ellison small - IS 0
Heaton-Tanfield small 20 0
Londonderry small 20 6
Russell's Hetton's small 16 6
Walls End Lambton re-

shipped ...NW 59 0
Cowpeu 30 0
Colin _ 29 0
Hartley 33 0
Stone Coal Cox 45 0
Eden Main
Neshani Main.,..,...._... 36 6
Walls Fud Hetton .. 41 6
Walls End Lambton—... 41 0
Ditto LA 37 0
Ditto Slewart's 41 3
Russell's Hetton'sW. K4O 0
sold, 61%—Un5010, 65M.

COUNTRY CORN MARKIN'S DURING TH

WEEK.

Southwark, of a
Wheat. I Barley. Oats. Beans. L." ljUn di Olit; ..........____,,-
..._____________--,
................•••.................. --
at
thehßlßTHS.house
0101i11/
Per Quarter. s. to s. a. to s. ••. to 5. 1.. to 8.
r, -- p
36 _ 00 the
ee
Abingd0n............. 54 66 35 42 35 42 62
Andover._.. __ . 56 fit 34. 39 30...,___ weedford, Essex, Mrs. Frederick C‘l"' #
sth inst. iin°lsttr at Walthanastowr the lad,' nf lw.
Birmingham—. 48 62 30 24 24 40 62 Cloves, -msg., of
Bridport 52 56 32 39 26 28 .... 56 the son.
Pg..
Cirencester 49 60 29 .36 26 32 6t on the 6th inst. the lady of T. J. Pettigrew,
Faringdon 48 55 36 33 24 34, 46 ,
a sir of a daw,hter se of her fathe
~„,
~
Guildford .............. 44 64 36 45 26 37 -- 58 aa e- o e •
Henley. 5O 66 32 43 26 34 60
t'
of d 11 -
Hereford ..... .. 64 66 40 50 42 —72 a and a daughter ter.
Maidenhead 60 68 38 42 28 38 60 ' Olt'
Newbury..........-* 40 65 30 34 20 36 68
Oakingham ............ 56 60 30 40 28 36 ..... 53 Barrington, of a son.
Caroline, the lady of the lion.
~e• •
Reading .......... 5O 66 23 35 25 40 60, of P;Ji
Salisbury . 48 60 IvOn the 26th ult. the wife of Thomas Snaitharn,
_..1
o P-- itt
58 wortham, of twins ; she Lwre twins 16 months ag !,,j
Stroud .. _ 56 60 36 40 32 42 68
Uxbridge ........—. 66 74 30 34 25 37
Tewkesbury ... st 60 40 42 33 38 ,n,
~, the four children are, as our informant cs1)1.
Southampton ........ 52 56 37 3240 3201 32.1 7.... "'
Ogg'
Wantage.—............. 55 70 33 45 30 40 —62 f af•
On the 2d inst. at Kensington, the lady °- gb-
Warminster 50 63 30 36 24 34 65 [MO
Windsor....--....... 52 66 30 36 25 6( W. Lloyd, rector of Lillingstone Lovel, Oxon, of a
32 1
W0rce5ter,✓..,.,.,.... 62 64 31. 28 33 63
52 Gadsden,
li
"livingil lgria..WneE si:dcr ekcie.
likely.
111 A DrITVTI . 141.'

LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE—No'

At to-day's market a few parcels of choice Irish New
Wheat brought an advance of from 2d. to 3d. per bushel,
but the sales generally were heavy, and the advanced prices
with difficulty obtained. There were several Oat buyers
at market, anticipating lower rates, but they were no
complied with ; indeed, in some instances, for prime west
of Ireland, Id. per 451bs. above our currency was paid,
Prices of Flour and Oatmeal are unaltered.
OLD.
s. d. s. d.
Wheat, English, per 70Ib.
----Irish (red) 7 0 a 7
—Ditto (white) 0 0 a 0
----Scotch
-- Canada (free) 7 9 a 8
--- Foreign (free) 7 0 a 8
--- Foreign (in bond)—..., 3 0 a 3
Barley, English, per 60Ibs. 4 0 a 4
Irish re•wwww,.......1 0 C a 0

Beans' English, per hop.
Oats, English, per
I
Malt, Fine, per Imp. qr.
Flour, Amer., duty paid, per
sour
Indian Cern-
r, white, per qr. of 480Ib.
.---ed
pease, English white, per Imp. qr.

Oatmeal,
IFs.ricnosghticiqh 2
i7r„in,,,,,, per 101bs,

0 0 a 0
3 6a 4
156 0 a 64
O 0 a 0
3 0a 3
3 3a 3
62 0 a 67
132 0a34
28 0 a 32
O 0 a 0
29 0 a 31
O 0 a 0
46 0 a4B

14 0 a 39
• 0 a 29
O 0 a 0
O 04 9

NEW.
s. d. s. d.
7 7a 8 4
6 8a i 6
7 oa 8 0
O Oa 0 A
O Oa 0 0
O On 0 0
0 0a 0 0
O Oa 0 0
2 8a 4 0
O Oa 9 0
O Oa 0 0
O Oa 0 C
O Oa U 0
32a 3 5
3 3a 3 5
O Oa N 0
0 Oa 0 0
O Oa 0 0
O Oa 0 0

Oa— U
O Oa 0 0
0 a— 0
O Oa U 0
O Oa 0 0
31 0a32 0
30 oa3l 0
▪ 0 4 9

sll,'
PRINTXD and PUELISFIED by M. YOUNG/ a
SuK-Orrieg, No. 112, Strand'
