STOCKS IN LONDON.

Danish 4 per Cent. Bonds-85
Neapolitan 5 per Ct. Bonds 711
Russian 6 per Cent
Ditto 5 per Ct. (Metallic) .. 77
Ditto New Loan 841$
Chilian 6 per Ct. Bch 7718 sta

N BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
I Evening, "L'S minutes after 9.

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS DICERE FALSCIM At/DE42'

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12, 1822.

Ws received this morning the Paris Papers of
Sunday, They contain several articles giving a
dreadful picture of the fate of the Greek cap-
tives taken at Scio. " The devastation of the
:gland of Scio," says a letter of the 10th May,
from Constantinople, " has caused a complete
Magnation of trade in the Archipelago. Thou-
'ands of worn en, girls, and boys, have: been
brought and exposed for sale in the Bazaar. I
'budder to descrii.le the cruelties which such a
market presents. Many prisoners have killed each
ether, in order to escapb: the atrocities of the Turks,
"d *women refuse to take food, but are corn-
l'elled to do it by the whips of their masters.—
Such is the manner in which the Porte treats
innocent Christians, notwithstanding its promises
reply to the Russian Ultimatto.i. The fate of
Clip merchants of Scio, settled at Cunstantinople,
olio have been thrown into prison, ;,,s still un-
k"wn, and we are ignorant whether they have
been put to death, or whether they still languish
41 the dungeons of the Arsenal or the Laza-
retto.,, Another letter from the same capital, ,
dated the 11th, mentions that " Several fana-
tical .
Musselmans have purchased women and
t3;7'n?. girls for thirty piastres a piece, to kill
03r), and thus obtain, according to the precepts
.it"%e Koran, eternal rewards for their zeal."—
t'e conduct of the Turks towards the Greeks,
iii
various parts of the Ottoman dominions, is
Irked by so much bloodshed, and so many bar-
"lPs, that it would seem as if the extermina-
tion
so," of the Greek nation had been secretly re-
solved on on by the Divan. In the neighbourhood
44!alonica, whole villages have been destroyed,
:1 their inhabitants put to the sword, or cair.
' away into slavery. Many of these unfortu-
et_
Greeks have, at the request of their wives
arid
hati",naugnters, immolated them with their own
by
those of
order that they should not he polluted
'°`e of the Turks. It is supposed that not,
ewer than 10,000 women and children have been
sold
as
Ai slaves, at the price of from ten to fifteen
4Stres each.
Th,. •
Intelligence from Spain states that the
as of the insurgent party are pursued on all
Ltn complete success. The force under
