PORTUGUESE PAPERS:

LISBON, Dec. 2.—Some days ago, intelligenoe -
was received in this capital, of an a6tion having
taken place between the Spanish and French armies,
and at the beginning, the loss of the allies was re-
presented to have been very severe, without any do'
cuments being produced which proved the authen-
ticity of it. But it is now known that the Spanish
army, without sustaining any great loss, was obliged
to retreat, but the enemy suffered most severely,"
particularly from the weti-di retied fire of the Spanish
artillery. Neither the army of the Duke Er.
PARQUE, nor the division of the Duke of "ALBU'
QUEEQUE, bad a share in the anion. The allied
army had completely rallied, and another engage-
ment was expe&ed.—(Lisbon Diary, Dec. 2.)

A letter from Caceres of the 15th Nov. has the
following passage :—" The English army continues
in Badajoz and its environs."

LISBON, DEC. I.—We have the satisfaction to in-
form the public that the reverse of fortune ex.-
perienCed by the army of La Mancha is not so cola'
siderable as was at first represented.• The Spanish
artillery made a dreadful havock among the French,
whose loss is very great ; General PARIS is among
the killed. The loss in prisoners is far less con'
siderable on the part of the Spanish arroY.
than it would be in another Nation less 'at-
tached to its native land, because they 211
re-joined their different corps. This event pro'

tracti, but alters not the ultimate results of Our
triumphs.—Did not the Spaniards lose the battles of
Medellin, and along with it all Estremadura, and
yet a short time after they rendered themselves mas-
ters of that province, without any pitched battle.
Did they not lose the battles of Ciudad Real, and
Almonacid, and in consequence thereof La Mancha,

and yet they re-took La Mancha •? DiJ they not loss
the battle of Ucles, and are they not at present rn4ls.
tern of the whole track of ground which stretcl3°
from Cuenta through Ucles, to the Tagus ?

CACERBS, Nov. 15.—Our armies fight braveli;
that of La Mancha advances to Ocana, having token
prisoners 420 French dragoons, about the same
number of infantry, and killed more than 200,
That army consists of 43,000 infantry, and 600
cavalry. Every thing goes on well, and the enemy
will be found to acknowledge that the Spaniards,
ever brave and warlike, will.not submit to the yOO
of slavery with indifference.
The' army we have on the left of the Tao 3
making preparations to attack the enemy.
Lisauti, Nott.24.—By letters from Badajos, we
that the Spanish Government h.._^...1.004
levy of 150,000 tnen.-

OREAJA DE LOS MOiTES, Nov.
Don 'VENTURA XLMENES has arrived here, with A
French Colonel and three soldiers, whom he ‘113"
prisoners a few days since between Mora and AP'
pin. The value of the booty he took on this occa-
siQn is estimated at 300,000 teals. On the gthinst.
VICTOR entered Toledo, and set out on the day fol-
lowing for Madrid. While he was in that city.ho
sent off 14 Couriers. A number of troops of this
division are on. their march for Aranjuez, having
left 6000 men in Agopin, Nambroca, and
and' five companies at Toledo.

Nov. 1 s.—The en emy "-concentrated near veiga
de Toledo, expect the I.roopsfrom Talavera on
evening of the 13th it is said it will march t."
Valdemoro, for which place Vtcroa set out' that
morning. A great battle was expe&ed.

These boats admeasure from 50 to 60 tons,, are
lugger-rigged, and manned with 6 men, includingt he
Master, who is generally the owner, and a boy:—
They were formerly construeled without a deck,
and it was long before many of the old fishermen
could so far overcome their. prejudices in favour of
the former practice., as to adopt a measure calculated
to contribute not less to the strength of their 'vessels,
than to the comfort and security of the people on
board. .
Fetch of the men, exclusive of the owner, con-
tributes his proportion of nets, called a dole, con-
sisting of twenty-four, making one . hundred and
twenty for each boat. The period of the fishery is I . .
..
comprised between the 25th Sept. and tee Ist of ! It now appears that Caroline Wilcox, whose case
November; during the first half of this ecriod, the excited so tench comiseration when examieed at
people drive in the night, with one half_of the nets; Bust-street re, eealing the robbery of her boodle, is
these ale exchanged for the remaining half, which an artful:impesi or. According to the'account given
had been left on shore, and which are used till the by Captain Dulling,, late of • the• Beegle, (not Capt,
conclusion of. the fishery. . Nel.vcoinbe, now of that stut'. as she asserted) a per-
The boats employed the last season caught upon t"on answering her , descriptive eeme Qn boat d the
an average 35 lasts' of herrings, (a last containing iieagle, at Sheerness, the tatter .e,d. of September,
10,000); for which they were allowed by the mer- andlived for 'about six weeks with a seereem of the.
chants 91. 105. per last, which, with 801. a clouceur name of Magnus-Henderson. She was put ee shore
to the owner of the boat, called steerage-money, at ifede w! en-the ship was ordered to sea, andereilee''
makes a total of 4101. per boat. - - nus Henderson then gave her, as be thinks abOec
This sum,with the exceptionotthelteerage money, five pounds.: She has a sore on one of her leg 6,
is divided into six shares, one called the boat's share which • she endeavoured to make the public be"
is appropriated to the owner, the rest distributed lieve was the consequence of a wound received it'
among the people. 1 the late, expedition to the Scheldt, where she never
The departure of these•boats for the fishery is ce-. • was in- her life. The Magistrates at Bow-street
lebrated as a period of festivity by the parties con- have. given' notice,. that the money extorted froal
cerned, with their friends, at the respeative.. pieces , the. feelings of the humane public, by her misrepre-
whence they sail.
.. : . ;
,sentations, will be restored to the donors on apply'•
. . • ing at the public Office. •
-Yesterday a Cabinet Council was held at the F0.;.,[ Yesterday se'nnight an accident, rendered exfiee
reign Office : there were present the Loeb 'CHAN- !, ordinary by being . unattended e ith fatal consee
CRLLOR, the Marquis Of WELESLEY, the. Earls of ••quettces, - happened at Laxton-Hall, near Staentord•
LtvERPOOL,BeTHUesT;OI3ATHAM, WESTMORIAIsitt; A 'then named John Block, a Carpenter, being at
'and HARROWBY'; Lord MULGRAVE, the CHANCEL f work on the roof of the house, which is one of tie
Loa of the Es:exec:lima, Mr. Secretary RIDER,' and highest perhaps for 50 miles round, by some acct'
Mr. R. S. DUNDAS• , •i dent lest.,his footing and tell- to -The' ground. -I
The fair interpretation of that passage in BuoNA:.! n:10 '."-sti.lnned by the fall, but, although the d'-
PaßTß's speech which relates to Tuscany is, ihit i sceet,W*4.least 60 feet, was no other wise h'ret
ai its people are of an amiable character, and have ! thaii-.:ia:qtie received some- severe bruses. 0.
always been friendly to France, they are deemed I" numherLofelarge pieces of timber were lying 014-
worthy of the honour of being fbr ever auneled he I perseir4, on the lawn into which-he tele; butt et:car
slavioh dependence on that cetlittry, : i ing tleila all, ht: 4,010 on the gte,s.

Our advanced parties on the, side of Toledo are at
Aknon-acid and Namnroca,
CADIZ, Nov. 17.—0 n the 14th inst. arrived here
in the evening, his Excellency DOD FRANCISCO VE'"
NIGAS, who is appointed Civil and Military Gover-
nor,ot: this city.
