HEALTH, BEAUTY, AND A GOOD COMPLEXION

THE unrivalled qualities of the Genuine GOW-
LANWS LOTION, as a safe, mild, and elegant pre-
paration, for the removal 'of all Eruptions from the Face and
Skin, and for improving the most delicate complexion. have
long bee 9 known to the Fashionable World; and many thou-
sands, of rank and distinction, have adopted, etontinued, and
recommended its use. The consequence has been, that per-
sons have obtruded on the Public spnriou,i imitati,a,s of the
Lotion. To prevent iniury and disappointment t.s the mis-
led, it is necessary to state, that the Genuine Lotion is pre-
pared and sold by VINCENT, No. 6, Davies-sreet,
Grosvenor-square, London, who is the sole possessor of Dr.
Guwland's Nianuseaipt.Recipe. •

N. B. It removes 'l'etters,-Ring-worms, and Sun-burns.
The following is a Note from Lady Catherine Lennox to. Mrs.
Vincent, No. 6, Davics-street, Grosvenor-square:
No. 49, Charlotte-street, Portland-place.
•
Lady Catherine Lennox presents her compliments to Mrs.
Vincent, and has the pleasure of stating, that, by the use Of
two quart bottles of her Gowland's Lotion, she is perfectly
cured of a .violtit eruption upon her face and arms ;- she was
recommended by her physician to make use of the Lotion,
which has exceeded her most sanguine expectations.
Sold by Mrs. Vincent, sole Proprietor of Dr. Gowland's
Minuscript Recipe, No. 6, Davies-street, Grosvenor-square,
Bacon :and Co. No. 150, Oxford-street ; Smyth, Perfumur to
his Majesty, New Bord-street ; Messrs. Newbery and Sun,,
and Edwards,' St. Paul's ChurchLy:ird; and all reApectabae
Perfumers and Dealers in Genuine Menicinet, in evcry-Towl
in Europe, in quarts as.6d. pints ss. 6d. half-pints 2s. 9d.
4y' To prevent counterfeit Lotions, it is neces.ary to ob-
serve, the name M. E. Vincent is signori upon all that is
genuine.

For want of tinaely iree
Millions have died of medicable wounds."

A amsraoxG.
TIE Virtues of the CORDIAL 1-1 A I.M of
GILEAD arc, daily demonstrated, in 'eradicating the
worst and most dangerous symptoms or Nervous Debility.—
Nothing has tended so much to establish the fame of this
Mediciue, as its certain success on those Compalous which
strike their roots so deep in the Constitution, and are so fatal
to'the happiness of Mankind.
This Medicine has beenunconnnonly successful with young
people, who have the appearance and air of old age; who
are pale, ea'eminate, benumbed, stupid, aid even imbecile;
whose bodies:are become bent, whose legs are no longer able
to carry them; who have an utter distaste for every thing, or
are totally incapacitated. Nriere the stomach is frequently
disordered, the body is weakened; paleness, bodily decay, and
emaciation succeed, and the eyes sink into the head. •
Sold' by Samuel Leigh, No. IS, Strand ; Sutton and Co.
(late Dicey and Sutton), Bow Church-yard ; and Bacon anti
Co. 130, Oxford-street, Lotidon ;‘ in Bottles, price t i s. each,
or -four in one Family Bottle for 335. by which one I Is.
Bottle is saved. The Government Stamp has the words
" Saml. Solomuu,, Liverpool," engraven in its vtlicial im-
pression, and pasted on. the cork of each. Bottle, without
which it csnsuot_possibly be geouine.

Another GOlden Lottery—another, 30,0001:—
•more Guincas—and more good. Fortune, at EYTON'S
,who ,sold the grand Prize -of- 1000 Guineas,
No. 353, in the last [lottery, the whole of -which
he pa4l it► Gold, as soot► as drawn ; and who is
now dispensing Fortune's FavOurs L.)r the 13th of
May, when- the whole Lottery, of 5000
Tickets, will begin and finish--2, Corning, and
18, Coventry-street.
May be, might be, and must be, are terms as of-
ten and as significantly used as any in the English
language. That any one play be in possession. of
riches by the event of a single hour, who might be
otherwise dependent all his life, is a truth that
must be admitted by every one ; indeed, this
be proved to the reader' by his gaining a 30,00Q1.
Prize, or 3000 Guineas in Gold, if he adventures
- in the preent Lottery, which might be otherwise
gained by a stranger, for they must be all decided
next Saturday week, and may be instantly received
on demand.

In a letter, dated April 14, 1815, Sir William
Altham states, that he has fournl the Bengal Anti:-
bilious Pills more efficacious than any other Anti-
bilious Medicine in carrying off bile, promoting
• digestion, &c. and the Rev. Mr. J. P. Jones, of
Oxford, states, that since 'he 'took the Pills, al-
though twelve months• ago., he has remained en-
tirely free from the affection of the stomach and
head, and eruptions of the skin, by which he had
previously been a great sufferer, anti that in 'every
case of bile, nervous head-ach, and eruption of
the skin, in which he has recommended them,
they hive prom{ equally serviceable.. The vd-
Nes of these Pills are highly extolled in a recent
publication, entitled " friendly Letters of a
bite eminent Physician to an English COuntess;"
• and as soon as their. properties are known, they
,will no doubt he generally resorted to' in cases of
bile, obstruction of the liver, indigesstion and its
consequences, flatulence, costiveness,
head-ach, eruption' of the skin, ele• That the
Public nnty not be imposed upon by spurious i‘ni-
tations, the sale of the. Bengal Pills is confined to
Mi.. Bacon, No. 150; Oxford-road ; Mr. Harris,
Ludgate-hill, corner of St. Paul's Church-yard;
Lynch, Mauch-ester, and Belam, Portsmouth.
1

~. ~.,~

(Nb. 3.)

THE 13TH OW MARCH,

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

mom THE JOURNAL OF LOUIS XVIII.

p,x1•11/eCTS PROil THE EXAMINATION OF
THE DECLARATION OF THE OBSERVATIONS •ON

The advocates for war, saYs the Report, suc-
ceeded in persuading the people that they had an
interest in fighting against the pretensions of
France." Must it now have required of the ad-
vocates for war, a great deal of eloquence, a
great ideal of address, to persuade the Austrians,
that half Vienna was demolished ; the Musco-
vites, that Moscow was in ashes ; the few who
escaped from Saragossa, that their city was no
longer any thing but a' heap of ruins, in which

30,000 of their relations and fellow-patriots
were buried, the inhabitants of Madrid, that
their children in the cradle were thrown out
of windows, and received on the points of
bayonets ; the Romans, that they had been pil-
laged even to their- moveables and clothes, that
they had left scarcely their eyes to weep their mi-
buries, and the seizure, the captivity, the tor-
tures of their paternal and holy-Pontiff? Must
it not have required an abundance of sophisms to
persuade other people that they had an interest to
prevent France from pretending to treat them as
• she -had treated Vienna, Berlin, Moscow, Sara-
goss4, -Madrid, ffamburgli, &e. ?
" Noii/ France has no longer any pretensions
to alarm them. France never had such preten-
sions. ,Franee always feared and detested that
drearlfuT alternative of action and re-action, whose
result .was, that her slavery prepared chains for
other nations, and that the slavery of other na-
tions rivetted her own chains. But France has
the man who conceived, who nourished, whO still
announces in private, and among his soldiers,
those same pretensions which he disavows in his
Journals. France has the man who alarms. She
has the men whose re-union spreads alarm around
ber. France has the public characters who have
laboured with him at the Manifesto which we are
refuting.
, " The Emperor comes from his retreat with a
new system, external and internal." What was
the ancient system of Buonaparte, internal and ex-
ternal ?—that which aalgacus, reproachfully ha-
puted to the oppressors of his country. Massa-
cre, pillage,- falsehood, this they cad Govern- •
meat : depopulation they call. pacification. Au-
ferre, raperefalsis nonlinibus, iniperium ; aique
solitudinem• faciunt, pacem appellant.
Does Buonlparte ;J)vern the interior differently
from his former government ? tias the Emperor
ceased to lie? Read, you who preside over the
destiny of nations, read and judge.
Here is-the fatuous decree,of the liberty of the
press, such as it has been cried about in Paris for
these four days, as a pledge of the free constitu-
tion promised to France.

Art. 1. The direction of the Press and the Censors are
abolished.

Art. 2. Our Ministers are charged with the execution of
the present Decree.

Here is the same Decree, such as it is, at the
Office. of the Police nod of the Secretary of State.

Art. 1. The direction of the Press and the Censors are abo-
lished.

Art. 2. They arc reunited to the Police Administration.
• Art, a. Our Ministers, &c.
In consegcnce of-this second article, which the
hawkers suppressed, hut which the Ministers take
great care to execute, a manuscript was carried to
this Censorship re-united to the police. This ma-
nuscript contained one only offence for.theGoyern-
ment momentarily existing : it merely vindicated
the adininistration -ot Louis XVII I. from the ca-
lumnies forged against, it : the Censorship, re-
united to the police, answered, that they were
at perfect liberty to print this manuscript, but
that if a single line appeared, the author and
printer would he arresled. The author thought,
that he might be arrested for having written it,
even -tvithour printing it. He left France. We
have his written declaration.

We think that in the multiplicity of facts which
we could cite, this is sufficient : ab um) disce omnes.
No, there is nothing new in the internal system of
Buonaparte, and there will be nothing new in
his external system. He kill never have but one
manner 61governing at house, and of pacificating
abroad.

There is a fine saying, worthy of remark, at
the end of this paragraph. " The Emperor, we.
are told, renounces for the exterior, the idea of.
the great Empire." See then, he discovers, or
rather, he confesses, for nobody coulol doubt it,
that he- has constantly cherished the idea of a
great Empire,—of that universal Monarchy, the
most terrible scourge; says Robertson, which can
afflict mankind. In a piece subsequent to that
-which we are examining, be has even informed
us that he had only laid the foundations of his
great edifice, and we may judge bow high his
imagination carried the top of this new Tower of
.13abel : in fact, there is not. the least doubt that
in the order or disorder of his. ideas, the idea of
Russia was followed by the idea of Persia, to
which immediately succeeded the idea of India.
Now let us recollect ail, his protestations, deela-
. rations, and conversations, -every time that he
entered upon a new war. FI
ow he complained
to be always the object of unjust aggressions !
How his heart suffered not to be able to put a
stop to tine effusion of human blood ! How he
consoled himSclf; at-least with the thought, that ;
this ‘var tvouid be the last, and that. he would
fight no more except for peace, in order to obtain
permission to contain himself within his nathral
limits, to give himself no exclusively to the hap-
piness of his dear French; &C. &c. Weil ! this is
the man who now tells us, When I held this
language, I was laughing at you and the world ;
while in my discourse 1 appeared avariciously
spar,ing of your blood, in my calculations I was
computing how much of it would be necessary to
cement the foundations of my great empire. I spent

ten years in deceiving you ; believe me, however,
at the instant, when I, assure you that I will de-
ceive you no more, and beware of thinking that
" he who was only meditating war when he pro-
mised peace, meditates tyranny -when be pro-
mises liberty.
And this is what _ his advocates imagine they
will succeed in making Its believe;
"No experience is lost," It iras, however, -a
tolerably strong lesson of experience the two
hundred thousand Frenchmen engulphed in the
snows of Russia. NVlrat happened the following
year 1 Entire generations, the whole youth of
France and of the countries-occupied by France,
devoted to death to recommence the interrupted
- labours of the great Empire. •
There was another tolerably strong lesson of
experience, that battle of Leipsick, that blind
flight, that forgetfulness of every individual' but
himself, that bridge. broken (low!' to save his
person by drowning a part of his (tali army.—
What will be the fruit of this lesson ? Will he he
persuaded by it at least to accept the pears offer-
ed by the conquerors,
,a peace the most hohouir-
, able for the valciur of the French army, and am-
, merited by the madness of its Chief; a peace, in
short, which suffered France to extend- itself to the
-thine ? No. He returns to Paris, assembles his
Caanuril, and says to them, word fUi• word, ", I
go to repass the frontier, and I will not leave it
except to turn Munich and. Vienna !" Aadthe'
Council which beard him utter these expressions
is the same which now tells us that no- lesson of
experience is lost upon him
" After fotirteen years of miraculous success,
• the Emperor saw hiMself checked by the move-
ment of Europe towards the peace and independ-
ence of nations." Public Functionaries of Buo-
naparte, just now to hear you, the European na-
tions were deceived by certain advocates for war,
who succeeded in persuading Chem that they had
something to fear from the pretensions of your
Emperor. Now you avow, that those nations
were roused, as their Sovereigns were combined.
Once you will have spoken the. truth in yOur Ma-
nifesto.
" Genius has struggled against the age ; the
age •has come conqueror out of the colitest.—
ArtVce has attempted to deceive the age, the age
has penetrated its turnings, and disconcerted the
artifice."
In the division of characters here made, Buona-
parte modestly styles himself Genius, and even
defines himself to-be go.ad faith. He will soon
say, Ego sum. via et neritas, - and the CounciLof
State in all humility will say,---,4liiten. As- to
Louis XVIlLit is artifice which,eharaaterised his,
Government, and he pushed this artifice So far as
to establish a Constitutional Charter,- two Cham-
bers, the Responsibility of Ministers, &c. ; all
this in order to make the Royal' Authority uoli-
suited and arbitrary.
" If the Powers attack at, Emperor,' they trill
be no longer in the sittratiou of 184 their'in-
struments will break or turn against-them." • Still
the red cap ! The Powers threatened with the re-
bellion of their subjects.
" If the Emperor were attacked, he will be no.
longer in the situation of. 1814." No, certainly,

for since 1814 his deposition has been 'PrOrla
Ced he has signed his abdication ; Eur Ope has
judged, banished, and sent him to the Isle of El-
ba : he has broke his bar, has filled with Corrup-
tion, treason, and revolt, the troops whom he has
rendered perjured, betrayers of their bottom-,
their country, and tireir King Ile has again
usurped a throne which does not belong to hitn ;
again oppressed France, which had rejected -16 m ;
again alarmed Europe, which had pardoned him
In 1814, the Congress
_of Chatillon treated with
hint ; iu 1815, t.he Congress of Vienna has put
hint oqt- of the law of nations, has, declared him
the enemy of the world,- has given him over.to
public vengeance : certainly two situations inure
different cannot be imagined.
" The great part of the most zealous advocates
of the Bourbons •defended them, to estabikh li-
berty on their weakness : this weakness; exceed-
ing the idea which they had formed of it, deceived
their exiiectatious ; but the principles which they
ch'erish are proclaimed by the Very power whose
extent they feared. This power consecrates the
representative system, the responsibility of agents,
the absence of an arbiter, individual liberty, the
liberty of the press, the liberty of worship. They
will not hesitate to rally round this standard."

NVhat must be the instinct or baseness and
perversity which would prefer to the liberty given
by Louis XVIII, the liberty promised by Buona-
parte: for, in a Word, that is the point where we
were, and the-other where you.are. We-hold that
which Louis XVIII. has -given us, and you hold
only what Buonaparte has promised you. I sup-
pose you one of those zcalons advocates of the
-Bourbons of whom you speak, and among whom
you evidently wish to be reckoned. You defend-
ed-them, you say, to establish liberty o‘i their
weakness ! Why not on -their justice, on their
beneficence, on the wisdom of Louis XVIII. who
knows how to judge of men and minds ; on the
elevation of his soul, which prizes pure homage,
and free subjects. Your expectation .has been
deceived ! Apparently, because you. reckoned _on
their weakness : 1, who reckoned on their virtue, I
haveseen my hope entirely fulfilled. That which you
now wait for, from the power whose extent you for-
merly feared, I have received from the power whose
source 1 have always revered, whose moderation
and generosity I have recently blessed, whose
rights I will defend to my last sigh. That repre-
sentative government, that responsibility Of agents,
that absence of an arbiter, that individual liberty,
all those principles consecrated according to you
(profaned according •to nee), by the usurped
power whose standard rallies yon, I have seen
established, put in action, fortified from day to
day, by the charter and government of Louis

XVIII. Your usurper has'suspended thew.
King will restore them to you.
" If the Bourbons had been willing to nation-
alize
,their Government, they would still reign.—
The Emperor nationalizes his. He is irumovable."
If they had chosen to mention what is meant by
this word nationalize, it would haNe been possible
to have seized its import, probably very curious to
have read its explanation, and certainly very easy
to refute its inferences. In two words ; to any
person who has seen the charter and observed its

111 y

execution, who has seen and heard the taatioual

representation in a body, and the Nation in detail
in the-Capital and Departments, nothing in the
world is more national than the Government of
the 'King, Louis XVIII.

As to that which is called the Government of
the Emperor, we will agree that it is, precisely,
as immovable as national, and as national as im-
movatle. It is, however, a strange method of
nationalizing a Government, to place at its head
all those who have been signalized as the execu-
tioners of the nation.

Is it that in the new revolutionary jargon, to
nationalize and to Septembrize are near a-kin ?
" It is, therefore, now against the national
will that the 'Powers would act, by attacking
France : now, (hey know what would be the re-
sult of that."

The conclusion which ought to be drawn from
your argument is, that in the last year the Powers
acted in conformity to the national will : for you
know the result. Well, that which they arc go-
in.- to do is tlke sequence of what they hive done,
andr you will see what will he the result.
" The Powers have no business to interfere for
a tranquillity which exists without them."

The Powers of Europe, and among them the
King of France; the nations of Europe, and.
among them the French nation,- are. engaged to
guarantee mutually--the one, the'maintenance of
their crowns, and the tranquillity of their peo-
ple; others, their own independence and their
liberty.. The throne of the King of France, and
with it all the thrones of Europe, are attacked.
The tranqUillity, the liberty of Frenchmen, and
-with it .the tranquillity, the liberty of all Enro-
peans, are disturbed by rebellion, oppressed or
menaced by tyranny.
All Kings and all People call -upon and-autho-
rise each other, engage, 'one with the other, to
go.every where, -where it is necessary to extin-
guish a contagious rebellion, and an universal ty-
ranny. It.is the. enemy of the world,..it is the
crisis of the world, it is the salvation of the world,'
which is now the subject of dispute.
