THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1835.

stitution they had long lived and flourished. He for one was
determined to fight or die under its banners.
Mr. OSWALD on presentinti himself, was received with long
continued cheers. He would only allude to one point, and
that was the all-engrossing topic over the whole country--it
was the question whether we were to be governed by an Ad-
ministration upon ultra-Tory principles—( Cries of " No, no")
whether we were to have men in the administration of affairs
who had uniformly resisted all reform, but who, now that they
were again in power, gave the most vague promises of a re-
dress of grievances, and of the cwryiag forward of the prin-
ciples of reform ?—(" No," and cheers.) They had asked
to have a fair trial. Their character for consistency had been
long tried. They had been found consistent throughout— '
they had invariably opposed every thing in the shape of re-
form, and having been thus already tried, he could not believe
that they would desert their principles, and become reformers.
(Cheers.) If they did, they would show themselves to be
dishonest, and therefore not to be trusted.—( Great applause.)
On these grounds, if they again sent him to Parliament, he
would endeavour, by every constitutional means, to prevent
them from remaining in office—he would give them no further
trial than what their characters had all eady had, and would,
therefore, do all in his power, by constitutional means, to
eject them from the Government.—( Cheers.)
COLIN DUNLOP, Esq., Tolcross, said—Looking to the
Administration, he would say with regard to it, that if they
considered him worthy oftheir support, and should return him,
he would opl ose it by every constitutional means in his power.
He knew that the present Ministry would attempt to cajole
those Members of the House who were not decided in their
opposition, by promising this or that measure of reform ; he
would not be cajoled by their promises. Ile knew all they
could promise—that all they would perform, would fall far
short of the evil they would inflict upon the country, if suf-
fered to remain in power.
On the motion of Provost MILLS, thanks were voted to the
Sheriff. After which Baillie Craig proposed three cheers for
Dunlop and Oswald ; this having been given most heartily,
the crowd chose to follow up with three groans for Mr. Ewing,
and then dispersed peaceably.

GLASGOW ELECTION.

" LET GLASGOW FLOURISH."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SID,-Praise be blessed, Toryism—that foul, rank, and
withering imposture of the olden and apostate " Times,"—has
no longer a "local habitation" in Glasgow—Abe once strong-
hold of misrule, venality, espionage ( Hem ! the nest of Rich-
mond the Spy !) and corruption, together with the thousand
other evils that are engendered by Toryism !
Yes, the Queen of the West (as Glasgow is proudly and
deservedly called) is now, through the benign influence of
the great national regenerator—the Reform Bill—" great,
glorious, and free !"
Now's the day, and this the hour," that has released US
from Tory domination—from worse than Egyptian bondage—
from " chains and slavery !"
Behold the all-amazing proof:—
IN THE FINAL STATE OF THE rem. (JUST CLOSED).
Mr. James Oswald
True Ram mers*
Mr. Cohn Dunlop f 3,267
Mr. James Ewing (the Tory Pet).... 2,297

Majority over Corruption 970
Where is " reaction" now--the so-much boasted cry of the
Tories ? Let this show :

TORY VOTES ?cl.f.r.n.
PRESENT ELECTION. LAST ELECTION.
For Mr. Ewiug, the only Fur Mr. Ewing
Tory Candidate ... 2,297 Sir D. K. Sandford 500
Mr. Joseph Dixon... 800

2,297

Thus giving the lie to re-action, by a lessening of the Tory

ranks to the tune of

4,500

2,300

- 2,200

Nobly. has London " done its (Jut)" in the great cause of
Reform, and nobly is the country responding to that call. I
am certain that the result of the Scottish elections will tell
mightily against the Tory Cabiliet—totter it must. " Cor-
rupt thou art, and to corruption thou shalt return" and that
right early 1
I have the honour to be, your's sincerely,
SCOTUS.

Glasgow, Jan. 15, 4 o'clock, p.m.
P. S. I cannot close this letter without calling your atten-
tion—and the whole of Christendom to boot—to the conclusion
of Mr. Forsyth's address, on nominating,- Lord Ramsay (ano-
ther Tory Pet !) to the constituency of Edinburgh. Mark
his words :—" In conclusion, I will say, those who refuse to
vote for Lord Ramsay, ref use to stand by their God, their
King, and their country !" Is such an impious threat not
worthy of general execration ? So much for the High Church
notions of the Tories ! Well, Edinburgh has resisted the
threat—by the triumphant re-election of Mr. Abercrombie and
Sir John Campbell. What then ? Let me ask Robert For-
syth, Esq., Advocate.
* Mr. Oswald was Chairman, and Mr. Dunlop the Crou-
pier, at our grand Durham Demonstrati'n—a sure proof that
they are of the right sort I

he hortening the duration of Parliaments ; but he had done
so with a view to strengthen the liberal party.—( Hissing. )
There were two points to which he would now advert. The
first was vote by ballot. To that he was opposed. The se-
cond was the question of an extended suffrage, and he must
say that he though the present suffrage entitled to a fair trial.
Dr. BOWRING next came forward. He was well known as
friendly to an extensive reform in the churches of England and
Ireland; but it had been said that he was hostile to the prin-
ciples of the Church of Scotland. This he denied. He was
anxious for the support of religion among the people, but he
would not consent to its being made a political engine. He
thought the ballot one of the greatest discoveries of modern
times. On the subject of triennial Parliaments he would say
that he considered frequent Parliaments necessary to give pub-
lic opinion its legitimate influence. Dr. Bowring then allu-
ded to the necessity of an extensive and a searching Church
reform, particularly in the Church of Ireland. He would also
advocate, to the utmost of his ability, a reform of the munici-
pal Corporations of England and Ireland. An extensive reform
in the law would also meet with his strenuous support. He
would give a decided opposition to the present Administration,
as composed of men, who, during their whole lives, have ma-
nifested their hostility to the liberties of the people. He con-
ceived that the first act of the new House of Commons ought
to be to tell his Majesty that the nation could not put confi-
dence in the men whom he had been advised to call to his
Councils.

The SHERIFF then put the question to the electors, and
about a dozen hands were held up for Mr. Dunlop ; Dr.
Bowring's name was received with a universal burst of ap-
plause ; and Mr. Downie's with a burst of laughter. The
Sheriff declared Dr. Bowring to have the support of a ma-
jority of those present, but said, that as the other candidates
had demanded a poll, he fixed Wednesday and Thursday as
the days for that purpose.
Dr. BOWRING then moved a vote of thanks to the Sheriff,
which was unanimously acceded to, and the multitude quietly
dispersed. _

[These burghs will, for some time at least, be unrepresented
in the new Parliament. We are informed that, from an over-
sight on the part of the Sheriffs of Ayrshire, no poll has been
fixed at Rutherglen, which, of course, renders the election in
the other burghs void.—Glasgow Chronicle.]

BRIDPORT ELECTION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sm,--The John Bull newspaper of yesterday contains a
serious charge against Mr. John Romilly and myself. Mr.
Romilly has, so far as be is concerned, distinctly contradicted
it in this morning's Chronicle. Permit me also, through the
medium of your journal, to give the statement containing this
charge my most complete and unequivocal denial of its truth.
—1 remain, Sir,
Your obedient servant, _ _

Portugal Hotel, Fleet-street,
19th Jan., 1835.

E. G. FLIGHT.

MEMBERS RETURNED.

ENGLAND AND WALES.—COUNTIES.
Chester, South—G. Wilbraham and Sir P. G. Egerton.
Denbigh—Sir W. W. Wynn and Hon. W. Bagot.
Hants, South.—Compton and Fleming (Tories).
Hereford.--Messrs. Hoskins, Foley, and Price (Reformers).
Somerset, West.—E. A. Sandford and C. R. Tynte.
Warwick, North.—Sir E. Wilmot (Reformer), and W. S.
Dngdale (Tory).

SCOTLAND.—COUNTIES.
Argyle.—W. Campbell, Esq. (R.)
Ayr.--R. A. Oswald, Esq.
Batiff.—S. Ferguson, Esq. (T.)
Berwick.—Sir H. P. H. Campbell, by a majerity of 183.
Bute—Sir W. Rae (T.)
Clackmannan.—Admiral Adam (R.)
Dunbarton.—Mr. Denniston.
Edinburgh.—Sir G. Clerk, Bart. (T.) by a majority of 31.
Forfar.—Hon. D. G. Hallyburton, by a majority of 49.
Kincardine.—Hon. 11. Arbuthnot.
Perth.—Hon. F. Maule ( R.)
Stirling.—W. Forbes (T.)
Selkirk.—R. Pringle, Esq., by a majority of 27.
Wigton.—Sir A. Agnew.

BOROUGHS.
Cupar—A. Johnston (R.)
Falkirk, Linlithgow, &c.—Mr. Gillon.
Glasgow.—Mr. Oswald (R.) and Mr. Dunlop (R.)
Montrose.—P. Chalmers (IL )
Paisley—Mr. Spiers, by a majority of 173.
Wick, Kirkwall, &c.—James Loch, Esq.
Stranraer, Alactaggart (R.)

IRELAND.—COUNTIES.
Antrim.—General O'Neiil and Lord Belfast (Tories.)
Armagh.—Colonel Verner (T.) and Lord Acheson (R.)
Derry.—Sir R. Bateson and T. Jones, Esq.
King's County.—Colonel Westenra and N. Fitzsimon.
Limerick.—Hon. R. Fitzgibbon (T.) and W. S. O'Brien (R.)
Galway.—Messrs. Bodkin and Martin (Reformers).
Sligo.—E. J. Cooper and Colonel Percival (Tories).

BOROUGHS.
Armagh.—L. Dobbin, Esq. (R.)
Carlow.—F. Bruen, Esq. (T.)
Clonmel—D. Ronayne, Esq. (R.)
Ennis.—H. Bridgeman, Esq. (R.)
Kinsale—Colonel Thomas (T.) by a majority of 7.
Ross, Jan. 15.—J. H. Talbot, Esq.
Waterford.—H. W. Barron and T. Wyse.

STATE OF THE POLLS

ENGLAND AND WALES.—COUNTIES.
Warwick, North Division, Jan. 17.
Wilmot. Dugdale.
2600 2521
Two first elected.
Hants, South Division, Jan. 17.
' Fleming. Compton. Palmerston. Staunton
1765 1683 1513 1474
Two first elected.
Hereford, Jan. 16.
Hoskins. Foley. Price. Poole.
Total close
Three first elected.
Worcester, West Division, Jan. 17.
Winnington Lygon.
202 209
137 61

Total close

Total close..

Worcester
Stourport

Gregory.
1844

Packington
183

339 270 254
Worcester, East Division, Jan. 17.
2020 or 2180 2271 or 2207 2281 or 2206
Cooke. Holland. St. Paul.
Difference in statement of respective Committees.
Somerset, West Division, Jan. 17.
Sandford. Tynte.
.... 3765 3585
Two first elected.
Denbigh, Jan. 17.
Wynn. Begot.
.... 2366 1512
Two first elected.
Radnor, Jan. 15.

Total close..

Total close

First day
At Rhayader, Jan 17 ..

Wilkins.
. 453
. 78

Escot.
376.

Biddulph.

Walsh.
410

531
SCOTLAND.—COUNTIES.
Forfar, Jan. 15. I Kinross, Jan. 15.
Halliburton. Wortley.
Forfar 215 205
Arbroath 132 73

Total ... 347 278
Lanark, Jan. 16.
Lockhart. Maxwell.
Lanark...... 241 147
Hamilton... 99 169

Total 331 316
Haddington, Jan. 16.
Ferguson. hope.
Haddington ... 195 141
Dunbar lO4 145

'Adam
IBruce

Dunbarton, Jan. 16.

Denniston
Smollett
Roxburgh, Jan. 15
First Day.
Lord J. Scott has a majority
of 63 over Captain Elliot.
Considerable disturbance at
Hayrick.

Total 2.99

Final Close.
Wigton, Jan. 13.
Agnew

Blair
Douglav

228
58
