consideration of his brother fretheldess ox the county
of Surrey ?
Mr. SMALLNECE.—Nove, or never.
Mr. H. DItUMMOND resumed.—Ile only sought
an opportunity of addressing them in consequence
of some allusions which had been made to himself
and to his opinions; and the, meeting might rest as-
n
respecting the course which, in present circa instances,
stwuroedsetnhtaetncheeswtoousldet ehnimlysetrlfourhi;ehtd‘i‘e.intlisi‘iiitsh
forileiendosr,
he had found himself bound in duty to adopt. He
was but one of themselves--be had no hereditary
privileges to defend—no hereditary tights or immu--
nities to protect against the just claims of his fellow-
countrymen. His wishes, feelings, and interests
were identified with theirs. He pursued the seine
object that they followed, though he might seek to
attain it by means widely different from those which
to their minds might seem the most expedient. On
the subject of Parliamentary Reform he always
adopted the same course with that which he felt it his
duty to pursue with reference to colonial slavery, and
he would now show that his conduct had been con-
sistent throughout. Whenever he met any one who
said slavery shall be abolished, then lie was prepared
to enter with him into details : but when he met
those who only talked of that gradual removal, the
object of which was only to gain time in order even.
tually to prevent abolition, then he would contend
for abolition in the abstract. It was not until the
principle was conceded that he thought it at all be-
neficial to enter into the discussion of details; and
when impracticable details were presented to the
mind, then he demanded a concession of principle.
Such precisely was the course which he had ever
felt bound to pursue with reference to the peat
question of Parliamentary' Reform. lie had been
a Reformer, but not to the extent of the ; and
he was opposed to its details, as calculatedeo de-
stroy the fundamental principles of the Constitu-
tion. He was apprehensive for the state of the
country. The Bill, from the state of the whole
country at the present moment, involved the most
imminent danger. They must all see what would
be the consequences of a simple rejection of this
measure. Under the infleence, then, of convictions
such as those, he put it to his brother tree! old to
say, could he have acted otherwise than as he had
done ? lie had had the honour of proposing Mrs
Briscoe at the former election, and he felt that some
apology was now due to Mr. Briscoe, that he did not
on the present occasion come forma,: for the same
purpose; but after the decision, which in conscience
he was bound to arrive at, it became impossible for
him to do more than make his appearance in the
Town-Hall that day, and give such bxplunation- to
his brother electors as the circumstances permitted.
He begged to assure his friend Mr. ,Hawes, that he
was still as much as ever desirous that Mr. Briscoe
should be the representative of the county. of
Surrey.—(Hear, hear.)—But in consequence of the
letter which he had thought it his duty to address
to the electors, it was necessary for him on that
occasion to make some explanation; &though he
did not think it a convenient time to enter into a
discussion of the details of the Bill, which, be was
satisfied, must undergo some changes in the-. Com-
mittee. He agreed with his friend Mr. Leach that
triennial Parliaments might be snore expedieet--
(Hear, hear)—and for many reasons, into which he
should not now inquire, 'it might be necessity to
have recourse to the ballot at elections.—( Ilear.)—
.0n the great question of Reform, the country was
at present divided into, three parties; of which one
desired to put a stop to Reform altogether ; an-
other, under the mask of Reform, were really
anxious for revolution—( Hear, hear)—and the third
party, the great mass of the people,_ wished only for
an effectual, but dangerous Reform.—(-lear.)
To that last party, which was composed of the
middle classes, Ire belonged—(Cheers)—erind for
that reason he 'should give his vote fur hie Hon.
Friend Mr. Briscoe, whom he considered in all res-
pects a fit and proper representative of that county.
Mr. DENISON said, that often as he,bud had the
honour of meeting the freeholdets of Surrey in that
Hull, he never before met them with so Much plea-
sure and gratification as on that occasion. He was
happy to find that they agieed with the rest:of the
country, from Cape Ness to the extremity of Corn-
wall, as to the vitaLnecessily of Parliamentary Re-
form.--(Cheers.)' He was the 'more gratified by
their accordance with that opinion,• as it was at the
sameetime:an apprOval of the conduct which he had
steadily pursued from his first apneas-awe impubtie
life to the.present hour.—(Cheers.) He was now
ooe of the few remaining. Members who,nsore than
Jitney years ago—that is, in. the year'l797.-voted
for the motion of Earl .reer, at that time Mr. Grey,
in favour of Parliamentary Reform.—(Cheers.)
That vote was one of the fist he had ever given. Of
ninety Members who had voted with him in sup-
port of Mr. Grey's proposition, the unsparing hand
of death had now swept away all except seven or
eight. It would, therefore, readily be believed, that
his gratification was great, when he saw that the
advocacy of Reform was no longer considered dis-
loyalty. It might as well be attempted to stop the
tide of, the ocean as to prevent the success of that
cause; and as he had so long supported it in adverse
and unpromising circumstances, he might be per-
mitted to enjoy its triumph. He would now answer
the question put to him by his lion. Friend Mr.
Leach. That gentleman bad so often done him the
honour of proposing him, and had so often heard
him.declare his sentiments, 'that he was surprised
his Hen. Friend could think it 'necessary to ask him
that question. . He must often have heard him say
that the duration of Parliament ought to be shortened
—that the expence of elections ought to be lessened
—and that the representation ought to betaken froin
the close boroughs and given to the great towns, and
to populous districts..--( Hear.) He must say, in
one word, that be could not; pledge himself on the
subject to which the question of Mr. Leach referred.
Although ithad always been, and still was his opi-
nion, that Parliament should be triennial, yet he would
not on that account occasion the slightest. hazard to-
, the great Reform.Bille(Hear, hear.) Although he
would nor give the enemies of Reform an advent•
age, by raising that question now, he wondered that
his often-expressed opinions respecting it had escaped
the memory of his Hon. Friend.—(Hear, hear.)
In reference to the illusion which had been made
by Mr. Drummond to some persons who, under
the mask of Reform, were really seeking revolution,
he would assure that Honourable Gentleman, that,
in supporting the Reform Bill, the (Mr. Denison)
had no revolutionary intentions; and neither was he
of that party which deprecated Reform in any
shape. . He belonged to that third class which Mr.
Drummond had enumerated, and had said that he
himself belonged—the people. He wished Reform
without revolution, or convulsion, or infringing on
the Constitution.—(Hear.) He had teemget with
him to the hustings a register of his votes in the
House of Commons as their (the freeholders of
Surrey) representative, in.order that he might be
able to give a distinct and satisfactory answer to
.iny gentleman who should think proper to interro-
gate him as to the way in which he had voted on
any question, or as to the reason of his vote.—( Hear.)
When he last had the honour of meeting ttie free-
holders, the Duke of Weinman!! was.at the head of
the Administration. That Noble Person afterwards
.nade the firm and bold declaration that he would
ever oppose Parliamentary Reform; cud, mark tie
consequence--greatly and Justly as be was admired,
powerful as as was his name, the Marshal's baton,
though crowned with the laurel of a hundree sec-
cosies, fell from his hand, and was shivered into atoms.
—(Cheers.) The meeting was well aware of the dia.
tracced state in which the pie sent Government found
t he country:when they succeeded the Administration of
the Noble Duke. To those disturbances they had
Sappily put an end, by the firm application of exist-
tug laws, without having recourse to unconstitutional
eneciments, and without a suspension of the
habeas Corpus Act.—(Hear.) Having called the
aternion of the meeting to that .tiejecr,
ut omit to pay one compliment to his
be
sod Dlr.
Crawford, who i a state of
that when the county °f •Su'reY letually restored
iesubordination, that Magistrate irjh
hustings,
was then present
ao:
