HUDDERSFIELD, DEC. 10.

Yesterday being the nomination day appointed by the con-
stable, James Booth, Esq., the friends of the respective candi-
dates (Captain Wood, of Sandal, and Captain Fenton, of Spring_
grove) exerted every effort to secure their success. The hust-
ings were erected opposite the Court-house, and at 10 o'clock
the business was opened by reading the writ.

Mr. STOCKS moved, and THOMAS WILSON, Esq.,
banker, seconded, the nomination of Captain WOOD; and
JOSEPH ARMITAGE, Esq., moved, and Mr. WILKS
seconded, that of Captain FENTON.
Captain WOOD then presented himself, and was received
with immense cheering and clapping of hands. Though he
went further than the Whigs generally, yet he was bound to
admit that the present Ministers deserved well of their
country. He was for an immediate repeal of the Septennial
Act, as the circumstances which gave rise to it did not now
exist. He was an advocate for househeld suffrage on the scot
and lot principle, and he expressed his opinion that vote by
ballot was necessary to render efficient the franchises which
had been conferred.--(Hear.) Though himself a Churchman,
he would support all measures calculated to reform the
abuses the of Church. He was opposed to a large standing
army as incompatible with the freedom .of the people. No
one more than himself detested slavery in Whatever shape it
might be found, and the system of colonial slavery ought no
longer to be tolerated. He was also opposed to taxes on
knowledge, and he should support an immediate modification
of the corn laws. Captain Wood concluded amidst loud and
long-continued cheering.

Captain FENTON next addressed the meeting, and was re.
ceived with cheers and some disapprobation. He should sup-
port his Majesty's Ministers. He was of opinion that the Le-
gislature ought to interfere to protect the overworking of
young children, but further than that he would not go.—
(Cheers, and much disapprobation.)
The CHAIRMAN then desired the meeting to show their
hands in favour of Captain Wood, and three-fourths of the
persons present held up their hands for him.
A show of hands was then required in favour of Captain
Fenton, when about 400 were held up.
JOSEPH ARMITAGE, Esq., as a friend of Captain Fenton,
demanded a poll, which will take place on Wednesday next.
