FROM CENTRAL AMERICA.

By the schooner November, which arrived at Boston on
Tuesday last, the editors of the New York Express have
received the following interesting intelligence, and dates
to 26th May, from Guatemala. Immediately after the dis-
graceful flight of the tyrant Morazan, from Central Ame-
rica, with 24 of his satellites, ail the Republic remained
in peace. The State of St. Salvador had recovered her
libery and her rights, and the wise and prudent conduct
of the Governor, M. Canes. bed saved it from anarchy
and civil war. The States of Guatemala, Nicaragua, and
Honduras had sent troops to the departments of St.
alvador, with the object of attacking the capital (City of
St. Salvador), in which place is the remnant of the army
of the tyrant, which for 11 years has kept Central America
in the most deplorable situation, and its inhabitants in the
most abject slavery; but as soon as the Government of the
said States were acquainted with the flight of Morazan,
and his band of desperate followers, and that the
State of St. Salvador was free, in a situation able to
establish its own Government without any influence,
they retired their troops unanimously, and instead of
carrying on the war and the extermination, which
were the politic steps of Morazan, they have sent
Commissioners to make a treaty of alliance and peace It
is incredible the joy throughout all the States—and the
complete defeat of Morazan, by General Carrera, has been
celebrated with enthusiasm in all the cities and villages in
Central America. For the meeting of the Convention all
the States are using all due diligence, and as now there is
not any one who opposes it, we hope anxiously to see such
an event, which must be of great importance in the speedy
consolidation of the General Government, and the reunion
of all the States, which are now in a state of unison with
each other.
Since the State of Guatemala has assumed her own
rights, and established its own Government, it has been
very prcsperoxs ; the Government is very economical.
A colony of agriculturalists from England, under the
protection of a company formed in Lotdon, has been esta-
blished upon the coast, near the bay of Honduras. The
ship St. Lawrence, from London, arrived at the Gulpb of
Duke, 20th April, with sixty-six emigrants amply sup-
plied with provisions, &c. for a year. She has also brought
materials for houses, a small iron steamboat for the rivers,
&c., and we are hourly expecting several other ships with
more colonists.

Captain Judson, of the schooner Kosciusko, which ar-
rived last evening from Matamoras, brings another report
that Campeschy,has fallen into the hands of the Federal-
ists. Capt. J. says the information was communicated by
the United States ship Levant, which put into the port of
Matamoras.

The Levant is announced as having arrived at Pensa-
cola, but no report is published from her respecting Cam-
peachy, though there can be no reasonable doubt that the
Centralists have been expelled before this time.—. New
Orleans Bee.

LATE FROM TEXAS.
(From the New Orleans Bee of June 26.
By the arrival of the steam-packet Columbia, we have
received Galveston papers to the 3d, and Houston to the
20th instant.

Four of the Texian vessels of war, viz. the Zavala,
Austin, San Jacinto, and San Bernard, have received
sailing orders. Several may be expected here.
The Austin Gazette of the 10th had been received at
Galveston. Another express from San Antonio had
reached Austin, bringing a confirmation of previous ac-
counts, that Arista was advancing towards Texas at the
head of the Mexican army. The last accounts represent
his force as being much less numerous than the first—say
for the last 1,000 men. The best opinions on the subject
are, that Arista only intends to attack and cut up the
Federalists who are forming within the Texian border, be-
fore they shall have become completely organized.
