being an aristocratical pariih ought to pay for the
watching of Whitechmtel but at all events it should be
remembered that a large part of Si. George's differs not
at all from any—if they Were all equal f shonld have no
nbjeetion. There is another ground of objection
which I have heard, and which I think has
been reasonably complaied of. Its is this tha
they are paid by the local authorities, but they are
not in the s'ightest degree under the inhabitants,
nor do they ever treat with respect in consideration, the inha-
bitants of this district, iyhO are the persons Who pay them.—
';Cries of "Bravo, biavo." For my own part, I never view the
New Police with a favourable eye. I consider that force as un-
constitutional. It reminds me of the " Gensd'armes of France,
besides which, it is under the immediate authority
(without even the intervention of a Magistrate) of
one of the otectitive Ministers of the Crown.—(Hear.)
In that reipect, I conceive that description of force as
objectionable; but, at all events, I must say, that I shall
be disposed to support a due authority on the part of
tIo2 inhabitants, who pay the new police of what ver de-
scription it may he. In the employment of the ne v
police, there is no such thing as introducing that force to
maintain peace and good order, for it becomes rather a
nuisance than beneficial to the people. Gentlemen, why
have I touched on these subjects ? In the first
place, I think it was due to you to know this. But there is
another subject on which I wish to speak a little. When I
first came forward as a canditate on this occasion, entertain-
ing the feelings as I did towards the two Hon. Members who
have sat for this great city before, I was desirous not to pass
any comment whatever on the conduct of the two Hon.
Baronets.—(Hear, hear.) I conceived it was a duty which much
more properly devolved on you to consider how far they had
fulfilled or omitted to fulfil their dutyebefore.—(Hear,
hear.) But gentlemen when I declined to pass an
opinion, or to pass any censure on them forthwith, it was
answered by the Noble Baronet and his friends, that I was
guilty of the grossest pos.ible absurdity and impropriety
in coming forward to oppose him, while I had no fault to
find with his conduct; and in a speech which he addressed
to a meeting at the Crown and Anchor the other day, he
dared me, if I ant to believe the r. ports in the public
prints, to state any thing objectionable to anyrpart of his
conduct.—(Bravo)—therefore it is that I feel myself obliged,
in self defence, to state a few points. May be, Gentlemen, you

have a better knowledge of him than I can have, but there are
great public measures in which I know he has been wanting in
his duty, and upon these he has challenged me to find fault with
him Since he came into office he has in several important in-
stances failed in his promises and professions to you as his con.
stituents.—(Cheers.) Now it will be in the recollection of many
of you that the Right Honourable Baronet has dilated with
eloquence on different occasions against the barrack
system in this country.—(Hear, hear, hear.) It was a
frequent topic of his, and he frequently declared that they
were a sort of internal fortress for overawing the people, and
leading to despotism.—(Cheers.) And when they applied to
have certain barracks not far from this (in the Mews) removed,
he charged the Government as being guilty of a design to esta-
blish despotism, by placing this sort of fortress in the centre
of Westminster. But, gentlemen, how has he fulfilled those
professions since he went into office—how has he conducted
himself ?—( Much confusion, and waving of hats.) Has he
said a word against this fortress in the Mews at Charing_
cross ?—(Hear.) No ; but I will tell you what he has done, and
what lie has allowed to be done. He has allowed another
barracks to be commenced, and with this new building under
his nose on the other side of the park.—(Here the Gallant
Colonel was interrupted by violent confusion, waving of hats,
and throwing of mud, cabbage leaves, &c. at Sir John.) In an-
swer to his challenge upon another point, he denounced elo-
quently, and much to his honour, on former occasions, the sys.
tern of corporal punishments.—(Hisses, uproar, and cries of

" Flog Sir John.") If lam not mistaken, he described that
system as a moral, as well as a physisal evil—a thing which
ought not to be endured by Britons—a thing which was cha-
racteristic of slavery, in the worst sense of the term.
—(Hear, hear.) He stated, also, If I am not mistaken,
that one lash was as much a degradation and moral evil
as a thousand. What has he done ? Has he acted in conformity
with those professions ?—(Cries of " No, no; you need not tell
us any thing more of him.") Very well, gentlemen, I shall
not proceed farther.—(Cries of " Hear, hear ; yes, yes.") I
say he has carried his opposition still farther for a motive; and
I think a most rational motive was brought before the House

of Commons for one year during this time of peace, to abolish
this horrid system. Did he yield to that ? No! Even the
experiment for one year, which I, as a military man, consider

perfectly practicable—he rejected.—(Uproar.) But, gentlemen,
he went farther; did he content himself with merely opposing
these motions which had for their object humanity

as I conceive ? No. He not only opposed these motions, but
he actually was the man himself—he who so denounced that
abominable punishment—was the man who brought in the
Mutiny Act for perpetuating that punishment —(Cries of
" Drill him well, Colonel," and great uproar.) Gentlemen,
some friends of the Right Hon. Baronet have made a noise just
as I was approaching these particular subjects. I should be
surprised if he had not some friends ; but I wish, I should be
delighted, if he could give any tolerable explanation of his con-
duct on this subject.:There was another most important subject
in which he has committed himself, again and again, throughont

;he whole course of his political life, and that was with respect to

the expenditure of the army. Now the expenditure of the
army to which the Rt. Hon. Baronet, before he was in office
had particularly directed himself was the most important branch
of the expenditure of the country, because it is the largest. So
far would he carry his opinions beyond mine, perhaps I am a
knave.—( Laughter.) Still he always voted for any motion that
had for its object the reduction of the standing army. He
went farther ; and used to say on every occasion that if any
Hon. Member would propose to reduce the whole standing army
altogether, he would support him in doing so.—(Cheers and
uproar.) This was his language in former times and I was not
prepared to go to the extent to which he did, but I made a
simple motion last session for the reduction merely of the force
that his colleagues had added to the army. But he would no t
hear of it—he said, " Oh, look to the state of Ireland—
(Laughter)—the state of torc.gn affairs.—(Leughter.) When
he brought in the Mutiny Act—which has put an end, in my
opinion, to his political career—(Cheers)—and when he resisted
motions for reduction and retrenchment, he said once or twice,
" I am only Secretary at War.—(Hisses.) Suppose my
Lord Althorp, when we trouble him about the windom tax
says, " I am only Chancellor of the Exchequer," why that
would be a pretty state of things we should be in ! Hes was
personally responsible for his conduct even as a Member of Go-
vernment.—(Bravo.) I say, then, gentlemen, having been
challenzed to state objections to his political conduct since he
went into office, I must say I conceive there are no instances,
I wish to use no harsh expressions, on record of tergiversa-
sations and short turns with respect to political conduct, at all
equal to those which the Right Hon. Baronet has presented to
the county.—(Loud and long continued cheering.) It is true I
could go on upon this subject for a very considerable time, but
as my object was merely to answer the challenge made
to me, and not to speak improperly to a great length,
for one, might use strong words, and turn the conduct of the
Right Hon. Baronet into something like ridicule, if we con;
trasted his former professions with his present metamorphoses;
but I have done all I think necessary to answer the challenge
thrown out to me. I conclude by stating tbat I shall be happy
to answer any questions you mty put to me, and I pr!sum!th

Right Hon. Baronet may eo the same.—)Cries of :` No: he
won't.") One subject has been touched on by the public prints,
and I think I may as well now attend to it. it has been said
I have brought forward for Ward as the cole ground of objec.
tion to his return, That he was in office under the Crown. I
bag to say that was not the sole ground, although consiperin,
as I dof that the constituency of Westminster has some claim

to additional privileges beyond any other in the empire,
having proved its enlightenment and independence at
times when other constituences did not do so ; but the
question is, whether he has not in connecting himself with

government, sacrificed his former principles and profes-
sions as representative of the people (hear.) I conceive
if the representative of the people joins the government
without obtaining conditions from them fur the mainte-
nance of his former professions and public character, he
places himself completely at the mercy of the minister,
and vitiates his claim to the future confidence of his consti-
tuents. So completely is the Right Hon. Bart. in that
predicament, that I conceive he is now much more to be re-

iarded as the member fin. Lord,Grey, than the member for
Westminster (cheers). However gents. he may show that all

my statements are false. At all the meetings of the consti-
tuency of the city of Westminster at which I have presented
myself, my opinions were received with unanimous approba-
tion. I believe there is every prospect, and you will be glad
to hear it—for it is your cause, and not mine—for a fa-
vourable result.—(Loud and long continued cheers.) None
will fail, I believe, to vote for me but those who are
willing for the future to wear the livery of the Honourable
Baronet, and to have all the insult and opprobrium of this
city thrown upon them.—(Cheers.) If returned to Parlia-
ment, I will consider it my duty and pride to attend not
tonly to my public duty, but I shall sedulously, and at all

all times, be ready to render my best and utmost services
to you. The gallant Colonel then withdrew amidst loud

cheering and waving of hats, which continued for some
time.

Sir JOHN CAM HOBrIOUSE then came forward
amidst great uproar, and the pelting with cabbages.)
After various unsuccessful attempts to gain a hearing, the
Hon. Baronet said, I trust that the gallant Colonel con-
gratulates himself on the consequences of his opposition—
(Much confusion). Gentlemen, you are determined it
seems to persevere ; and so shall I persevere in my duty.
I repeat I am not to be intimidated by any of your dis-
graceful conduct which the new friends, not of Reform,
but of confusion, think so creditab'e to themselves and to
the City of Westminster. Gentlemen, if this is to be
the last time that I am to appear before you—if the result
of the poll is to deprive me of my late seat for Westmin-
ster, I shall look back on our late connection with gratitude
towards you for the confidence you have reposed in
roe, I shall not think of the disturbance of this day, and you
may depend on it that I shall endeavour by my future conduct,
whether in or out of Parliament, to convince you that you are
by your present course committing a mistake.—(Continued
uproar.) Gentlemen, I appeal to your better feelings, whether
or not you prefer an old friend to a new ally—whether or not
