THE CjRAPATS AND SHAN4VES74-S.

The Irish Newspapers hate for some time abound-
ed with accounts of the tights and contentiOns be-
wLen.fwo pirties of the lywer order, distinpislied
by the o,,lnies uf Caraviiis and Shanavests. Al-
thoogli ;hey have redirci-d One of the finest districts
of the to the niost dibg,racetul ht:tie, the
eat.se a their quarrel, and., the meaning, of these,
titles whien they hae os,urnect, have beet) hither-
to imperfectly understood,—The following extract
front -the Report of the Trial of some of these
people, beture the Special Commissinn at-Clo noel;
on Wednesday, the 6th inst.' thruWi_ 8040 e light
upon this subject :--
, •
JANIES SLATTER Examined.
CHIEF [IA 1t0,.--Whist is the cause of quarrel be-
tween these two"paitie, the Shanayestb and Cara-
• vai's ?—A. Ido I.oi know, •

Wh4(.3 the. true reason ?--A: I cannot tell.
(I. So diet), accotding to your atcount, I am to
understand that each party attacks the other by way
of defence ?

Question by a Juror—Were the men who were
concerned in the atfray in the iliontivol August the
same that were concerned at the races of Cool-
mute ?—A. They %i err.
Q. Do you know a man of the name cf Paud-
deen Car ?—A I do.
Q. He is you' uncle ? not he the principal
tingleader and commander of Ihe_artny of Shana-
vest, ?—A. Ile is a poor old man, and not tibk to
hike cominand,
Q. (By Lor&Nottautty.) Wll3t was the first
catrie of quarrel A. It toe same. toolist
dis-
ptve madeabuot Mal
Q.
,(By the ettfliF hiCh is the oldest
patty —A. 'rho C.-iravats were going on for two
years befure.t he naves! ti
Q. Why were, i hey qiikd Ctirovas !!—A. A 'pan

of the uaine, 011:they was hanged ; prose-
eutekl by the Shanavests; rind eatlddCt.ll Car said
uot, leave the piace r,f executtou till he saw
the Card Val ÜbOUI the h-gio\v'i ne. aid from that
I line they ,A ere Calied
Q. fur v. hat otfetice v.as-
For tAutt.ttg the lams::: 01 wino had taken
river 1..5 neighbour s he At.
Q. Hanley '.,as the haoer of iLie Guavals
Beioie lie wui lined th..party was called tito Moyle
Rangers, Shauavests were called Potal.h.en
Car`s Pary. , •
Q. \Vs,y were thoy Shanavests ?-A. Be-
fatise they-wore oh( waistcoats.
' .Nreu SA N TON fiallltlifled.
_

This witness.eurroborated the et,ttlente of James
Slattery. His evidence was exaelly similar to that of
!be' Willler IA 11111t4ti : gitte prt:cately•tuo sante his-
wry ot the first orgin of the pnly ot travats and
Stianavests, and provt:cl I a 3 those e hueetect in
theft illcbal as.,uciatiou !Ltd no other ct i:t t..lcaug
up anus than to cleteud atottist the at-,
talks of each-other.
liev..rotOr RYAN, Parish Pliest' of Featka,d,
Examined.

Q. How long base you been, Parish Priest of
Femt.ard 7—A. Eight years tats, October.
4. Ate you Itcquattitcd with all your p.trishion-
ers ?—A. Yes.
Q. Do you reco!tea the races of Coolrnoyne in
the month of September ?—A. I do; I tv,:i .tt
races on the day of the fight, anti 'heard a shot 1110,i
in the direztion the Shanatiests Wvr‘:.
a los-examined by the. ,Sul...tcurti;l-GENBRA

Witness said foal al the lair he saw spate u!
Shanavesis strilie the Coavats.

Q. (By the CH Mr
the„niyis, h)
thil parish who arc Shanavtrits ataiL %%1%,
vats • , .

Q. From a Gentleman of
'appearance and
-11101111:11h,1. shoula wish to be it formed what ,8 die
teal cause Of qu3rrel ?.—A. 1 never could ou,
the real catt.4c. . • ,

Q. Eby Lord.NottnuaY.!)—Do the .feuds of thoy.6.
insurgent, prevent their iY,wiio,t. Divine 6,11„3„,),...,
A. Nu, fly Lord, tie, h Shathivogst,, mud Car I%;tib
attend Divine SerYie',.. inditicrinnut,tely,
SULICITtiIt-(itlei,.HAL iLe4iiintd.....4ll,, Do ou con
Midcl I how kJ',, CH I hey are eJlled, are eon floe& to
the lowcr oir),;_ls )....A. 1 tinnk) ihor.are : I' tri) not
wure wh")..er any respeiallh.vpatishioner has in,tied

Can you forril any opinion whether one
is'%noie criminal then the: uthcr %—A. 1 cannot
:Uey are equally criatinai, but the tun* of arms Is
confined rxtiumvely to the two caries concerned, in
those Muds. •

The party writers attribute the rise of g per cent.
on Bank Stock to the.establishinent of the Regency,
and consider a as a proof of th coni;:tence which
the mercantile world rei.suse io the and tetopq- .
rate (;,,Vernment of the Heir apparent. To .this.
assertion we are folly dispo-ed to agree, as the tnerii
cantile world naturally draw the must lavotnable,
ausikes of the knoll: Governmetit of the
Rootorr, from the wisdom as well as hli,al atructioni
which he has shewo, iti retaiiiiiig Ministers
who were invesied with authority ny hi.
,augost
Father, and who have proved themselves fion and
faithful supporters of the Aritish Constitution,
We are told by the chief Oppo,iition Paper, that
the Spaniards are "every day moreomd more ,4 ear).
of the snuggle with .France." The 4'lticr
just as well. say that. the people of the different
cuuot ries on the Continent, who have been reduced'
to. slavery by BUONAPART!t, are hippy under his
usurpation. Is it a proof that the .Sp,iniards ate
weary of the struggle when they on all occasions
shew such a. rooted animosity to the French, nod-
when the
.latter cannot venture to send a dispatch
without a very strong escort ? The Spatiiards are
c‘ every day more and more" improving taenotelvvg
in military dtwiptine, and the French will find ritvh
a determined resistance on the part of the Spaniards-,
and such a firm disposition to support !Le indveni.
erieeof their country, that the French ttiemsilves-
wilt: become ". eyes), day more and more weaiy"
the struzigle with Spain, if they' atu
sick. of it at present.

LENT iISSi Z ES.

111DLANI) CIRCUIT.

LOFtI F.LIANBOROUG a and %Ir. Bar..in.Woda.
Narthampton•--Saturda-,, Muth 2.
Oakham—Thursday, iitirc!k 7. -
Lincoln—Saturday, Nlarch 9.
Nottingham—Saturday, March 16.
Derby—Thursday, Marth
I..licester—Tuestiay, March 26,
Cpvcotty - Mondays All6l s.
Wilrivick—Tuesday, April 2.
NORFOLK. CIRCU:T.
The LORD CHIEF 4USTLCR and jl.lsliC2 GROSE.
y les'mry urday, Niarch 9.
itcdt ad —Thu/sit:lye March 1.1.
11witniAdon Saturday, March 16.
Cambridge —Tues,hty, March 19.
Thaford—Saturday,, March 23.
Bury St, Edinund's--Titursday, March 28.

~r ~,~

HOME calculi..
The LORD CHIEF BARON and Mr. justice ITLATn.
Hertfurd—Monday, March
Chelmsford—Wednesday, Mich
Maidstone—Monday, March IS.
Horsham—Monday, March 25.
Croydon—Wednesday, March 27.

NORTHERN CIRCUIT.
Mr. Baron THOMPSON land Mr. Justice Ls BLANC.
York—Saturday, March g.
Lancaster—Satuiday, March 23.

WESTERN CIRCUIT.
The lion. Mr. I ustice CHA24llaz, and the Hon. Mr. justice
BA I LAY.'
Days and Places appointed for holding the Lent Assiaes,
18u.
f-Innts.-'-Monday, March 4, at the Castleot Winchester.
Wilts—• Saturday. March 9, at Salisbury.
Dorset—Wednesday, March 13, at Usircliester.
Devit —Saturday, Match 16, at the Castle of Exeter.
City of Exeter —Same-day, 'at the Guildhall of the City of
Corn.wall—;-Saturday, March 23, at Launceston.
Soniciset—lhurAlay, March 28, at the Castle of Taunton.

We 'on Thilr•day presented to our, Headers an
lextraa of a private letter from the Cale of Goof!
I-loptt,'respeating the treatment which the Officers
taken bu 'Ward .the Aliicaine received tt om their
Gallic captors; and, in order to illustrate. the elm-
ratter ut Captain HAMELIN, the Kernel. Com-
mander, xve,now insert an extract trow The 4tuar-
-Ir, bi- Review,- a . %toil: distinguished for th extent
and accuracy of its information, as well as fir its
sound critical taste, judgment, and .acomrt. This
extract is takeh from the FlCCOltilt which r-11:.! Re-
view gives of PEttOteS' Poyage 'aux Te,res AUstrales.
cr The favourable reception which theofficers and
naturilists of the two ships met from the govern-
ment of Port Jackson, tar exceeded 'licit expeata-
ticn,

I The English received Captain Hameln), (of the
I.\::euraltste) from the first moment, with that great
and polite generosity which" the perfeetinn of Euro-
pean civilizatiati only produce. The most dis-
taivisl:ed houses in the colony were open. to our
COMptiioll4l; and during their whole stay there,
theyexperienced that delicate and kind hospitality,
which eanters,equal honour on him who practises
it, and on him Who is the ribjea of it, All the re-
sources of the colony wort placed at the disposal of
the French Captain.'—,',ln one *Ord,' says M.
Peron, the conduct of the English Government
with regard to us
as so marked by magnificence
and generosity, r',:at we should be wanting in every
principle of he:mour and jostice, were we not to re-.
cord in th,x„ work the expression of our gratitude.'
"T 1 satnesame kind a Letitia') appears to have
been -,,aid to them by the inhabitants; all, continues
importanttroth,
des
" It gives us pain to observe, after reading these
similar 'passages, that the gratitude of Capt. Ha-
survived the period of its record by
'f't.troit. This officer is at present Conitunfore
of a squadron of triga,es iu the East Indies. Last
year they attacked" and completely desiroyed the'
small. and detticehss settlement of Taep,in.,oly,
on the coast cif' Sutra ra.
yorgetfel of th:it deii-
caw. and kind hospitality fib which he was
received at Port Jackson, Captain Ramelin not.only
permitted, but as-isted in the of .priest.:
vrop,.;tty : . by an:l saw tv,irci•
„t„.s a the. ladies ',hindered, and vvi4 base ;lad ma
pvc:,lo to tear in pi
tees,
ees„
iii "4.16 kJ:
presence of the Owilerr,
which ,t,ete not worth earryinr, away. II? rift.,,.
compelled' the Whole of the civi;ians to emharl,".
the Isle of France, leaving eiders that every
in the settletneashauld be set on Lir& When
Sh'ip.7.buard, he called the English Indies odor)
deck, and with savage exultatien.'poinfed tto
theM the glorious blaze which ttnetr houses
hitt.* This is that very Captain Hatnelin, at whose
dispasition, even in the midst of war, ail the re.
sourr;us of the English colony were placed!'
We have been induced to notice this infamous
conduct in an officer of the old scoot, as it ,te,.cls
to prove, ainotag a thomand o her nistarnes 'low
befbre.ts, how totally the charnier of
'France is alfered and depraved .1)y the military de..
potism which, has sprang out of. the Revolution._
tier retire of chivalry is, indeed, gone,--we fear for
`ever.;,' and its place is supplied by tr systematic faro.
ss,„a rancorous mode of warfare, wholly deft-
its(l.ltie Of that erbattity of manners, that generosity
t
o soften th'e; ri-
(g
.modern school
ir):l4,ll:o:llutietriiii-nirely:Orinittela.dr‘iliVitnelhOcg!:Cp,hrisianontetodlicliesirtees.lielfiro,nileetdt:icheiett
humaniay alto.
; 'o ,eel er
viitaqunitzt,(illy, to
Oust a tilo,insult,tst, andmuch trfoairritpillee
giirr
jttilt)its.
c.iti •0 01 personal hatred, as for the unworthy pur-
uf ministering to the dark and stormy • . passions
Lai the most malignant and revengeful of tyrants."

Ytoterday the Drawin.; of the State Lottery be.
win at ten o'c:oelc the morning, and tiinsiled
:wont halt' past ten At night, The following Capital
itkes wure sold and sharOJ At BiSH'S truly fortunane
Offices., 4, Conditll, and g,.Charing-Craw
$4.7i3 4.2°'0°0
*9.754 - 2000*
126 . toloo
256 - - - • tmoo
4.40 -
. -
Sop
700 . . SJO
19.150 . .
300

&c &c .
The ft)itun•ite Ilokiers may receive th.: Mob('
1
(oi SilorZ3 ClUinaliii•
