increase factories ; and, pretending to pity the suf-
ferings of the overworked manufacturing labourers.
particularly the poor infants, who scarcely eve:
know what an hour's liberty or a play day is, they
deprecate a measure which will add, as they say, to
the mass of human wretchedness in our towns and
increase the degradation and degeneracy of our po-
T,,ulation. Such an argument in the mouth of a Tory
—such a pretended regard for persons, whom the
Tories treat in general with undisguised contempt,
calling them the canaille, denying them all political
rights, except the right of being sabred or hanged i:
they do not obey the orders, however absurd or cue
they may be, of Tory law-makers, causes in us i:1-
creased disdain of the measureless hypocrisy of 1
these brutal and cruel politicians. For years thcy 1
have sought, by denying political rights, by den ing
education, by refusing when they were able all r-2-
lief from an onerous and unjust system of taxatiom,
to keep the working classes in the most pitia!,:e
state of slavery ; and now, when it may serve a
temporary political purpose, they pretend to he
grievously afflicted at the prospect of those evils
which they have laboured most ardently and cell-
stantly to accomplish.
The silliness of their p e-
tended regard for the people is nearly as palpn'lle
as their hypocrisy ; but it shall be our present 1:u-
-siness to make it as clear as day.
At present there is great and acknowledged
..!
tress in the manufacturing districts, caused a t
1' ! affirm by the Corn-laws ; and there is amongs,.
agriculturists, caused as the anti-abolitionists asi .;.
by the same laws, a great degree of prospezity;:
while the agricultural labourers must go shoeless
and hungry to work, it may well be doubted wile.
ther a distressed manufacturing is not better off than
a prosperous agricultural labourer. Whoever heard
of the agricultural labourers in any district collect-
. ing, like the spinners, 12,0001., 10)0004 or
1 8,0001., to obtain any political object; or any ob-
i ject whatever ? In general, the condition of the
manufacturing labourers is one of opulence Com•
pared to that of their agricultural brethren. Some
of the former may be for a season out of work, but
their destitution is on a level with the prosperity
