THE S[TN, LONDON, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1838

o'clock,'the distinguished strangers proceeded through Church-
street, Lord. street, &c., to the Quays, the Marshal and some
of his friends being accommodated with seats in the Mayor's
state carriage, and the party embarked at St. George's Quay,
on board her Majesty's steam-packet Urgent. A large party
of friends had been invited IT the Mayor to meet his Excel-
lency on board, but many were, we understand, disappointed
from the promptness of the old warrior's movements. Among
those present, we observed Col. Campbell, Commandant of the
district, Capt. Townley, IL N., Capt. Chappell, Capt. Parsons,
Messrs. Currie, Erle, Barclay, Hornby, Holmes, Crawford
Logan, Captain Tudor, Dr. Freckicton, Messrs. Aspinall,
Taist, and a great number of l; die:.
The steamer, which is one of the largest of her class, left
the quay amidst the loudest cheers from the immense multi-
tudes, who crowded every available spot. All the shipping
in the docks and river were decorated w ith innumerable flags
and pennants, the rigging being manned with the seamen;
bands of music were stationed in various quarters, playing the
National Anthem as the steamer passed them on her course;
a variety of pleasure-beats and smaller steamers, containing
parties of the respectable inhabitants of the town, dotted the
surface of the water—a bright sun over head and the varied
and undulating scenery of the Cheshire coast on the opposite
side of the river, with the mansions of the neighbouring gentry
peeping out here and there through the umbrageous summer
foilage—formed, on the whole, as interesting and attractive a
scene as could well he presented to the eyes of the admiring
strangers, who were lavish in their encomiums:on its beauty
and magnificence. The steamer passed along the quays to
mouth of the river, every object of interest being pointed out
by the Mayor. On arriving opposite the light-house and
battery, the steamer went about and proceeded up the river
along the Cheshire shore, the party finally landing at the quay
where they had embarked. The carriages were here in
waiting, and the distinguished visitors were conveyed in
them to the Town-hall, where they partook of luncheon in
the Mayor's private apartments. -After viewing the magnificent
suit 3 of rooms up stairs the Marshal and hiS friends proceeded
to the Exchange reading rooms, at the back of the Town- '
hall. The Marshalstopped for some moments in the centre
of the square opposite the monument erected to the memory
of Nelson, before which he reverently uncovered his head and
bowed. This incident produced a tremendous burst of (dicer.
ing. Here also his Excellency was received by the mercan-
tile end commercial community of the town with similar de-
monstrations of respect and esteem. From thence the party
went on 'Change, and again re-entering their caning-es, pro-
ceeded through' Howard-street to the Graving Docks, and
along the line of quays and warehouses to the Northern point
of Clarence Deck; thence to the Custom-house and along
the quays to the extreme Southern terminus. The extent of
the dock and shipping appeared to excite tl.e astonishment and
admiration of the Marshal and his suite. Ater viewing the
`Wapping Railway Tunnel, St. James's Cemetery, the Me.
chanies'lnstitute, St. Luke's Church, the Fever Wards at
Mount Pleasant, Workhouse, Infirmary, Blind Asylum,.
Lime-street Railway Station, &e., &e. the company returned
about five o'clock to the Adelphi Hotel, and the Marshal im-
mediately retired to take some repose after the labours of
the day.

At seven o'clock, his Excellency and suite proceeded to
the Townhall, where a very sumptuous banquet was prepsred
by the Mayor fir a select party of friends, to the number of
about sixty, including Lord Molyneux and friends, Lord
Derby, the Members of the Town Council, the Military and
Naval• Officers stationed .et Liverpool, and several eminent
mercantile men.

In the course of the evening some excellent speeches were
made, and Marshal Soult, on his health being given, addressed
the company in a very animated manner, expressing the de-
light he experienced at witne,siing the vast commercial re-
sources of their -town, and his gr4titude at the cordial and
hearty welcome he had rece'ved. We shall give a full report
of the proceedings in our next.
In the evening a grand soiree was given by the Laiy
iiltiyeress to a very large party, at the town-hall. The staircase,
soloons, and suite of draping-rooms, which were brilliantly
lighted up and decorated with banners and rare exotics, were
completely filled, and a military band stationed in the orches-

tra, played a variety of fashionable airs during the evening.
At I 0 o'clock, the doors of the dining hall were thrown open,
and the Mayor accompanied by his illustrious and distinguished
visitcrs, precceded through the suite of rooms, when several
presentations took place. Tea, coffee, ices, fruits, and every
variety of refreshments were provided, and at twelve o'clock
his Excellency and suite took their departure, having won
golden opinions from all parties, by the courteous and dignified
manner in which they had gone through the varied and rather
fatiguing business and ceremonies of the day. At half-past
twelve o'clock, the carriages were again in attendance at the
Adelphi Hotel, and the Marshal with several of his suite, there
not being sufficient accommodation on board for all, pro-
ceeded to the Pier Head, and embarked on beard the Avon
steamer, which immediately sailed .for the Menai Straits.
His Excellency, it is understood, after viewing the stupendous
bridge across the Straits, will return between two and three
o'clock in the afternoon to Liverpool, and proceed immediately
by the railway to Birmingham, where it is his intention to
spend some hours. His return to London is fixed for Tuesday
morning.
Throughout the whole of his route his Excellency was
much struck with the varied and beautiful scenery of the
country. The rapidly changing panorama of large manufac-
turing towns, richly wooded domain e, pasture land covered
with flocks, waiving fields of grain teeming with plenty, and
here and there the taper paint of some tall factory chimney,
pouring out its volumes of emoke across the landscape, were
presented in quick succession, and- deeply impressed the
Marshal and his friends with the extent and productiveness
of the agricultural and commercial wealth, and resources of
the Epglish people.
Th'Cre4is one incident, which is so honourable to the nice
sense of.delicaey of his Excellency, that we cannot forbear to
mention it. During the excursion on the River on Saturday
it was proposed by the Mayor to land his Excellency at the
forts far the purpose of shewing him their relative strengh
and internal arrangements, but he at once begged to decline
the invitation. _ _ _

On the whole, we doubt not that the visit of these illustrious
Frenchmen will tend more to cement the bond of amity and
friendly relationship between the two great nations than all the
diplomatic manoeuvrings of the two Cabinets have been able to
effect for the last twenty years. The Marquis of Dalmatia,
the Marshal's eldest son, has been the most popular man of
the Party at Liverpool and Manchester. He has been in
England on previous occasion, and made his maiden speech
in the English language on Friday night at the latter place.
His frank and. cordial manners have made him deservedly a
favourite with all classes, as his more intimate acquaintance
with the character and genius of the people enables him with
less effort to enter into their views and feelings.
We shall give the conclusion of the Marshal's tour in our
paper of to. morrow.
We copy from the Morning Port the following description
of the conduct of the post boys, who were animated with an
emulous spirit of honour, which has very erroneously been
supposed not to belong to the lower classes of our country.
men : Especial trains, selected for their admirable appoint-
ments, were started for the occasion, and the ground between
the termination of one part of the Railway and the commence.
ment of the other,- was covered in a manner that looked as if
horses were determined, in almost a last effort, to show that
after all there was not quite the difference between animal end
mechanical power that had been imagined. some amusing
anecdotes were told me of the emulation that was always
shown in another quarter—the rivalry as to which rider should
exhibit the smartest scarlet jacket, or the most orthodox cords
end tops, and the result was decidedly in favour of competi,
tion as an actuating principle. The turn-out was worthy of
the best days of pasting, and the boys' realised the wish that
some of them had expressed—they showed what an English-
man could do,' "

KENSINGTON POLICE. (THIS DAY.)

THE DARING ATTEMPT AT HIGHWAY ROBBERY AND. MURDER.—
The office was crowded to excess this morning in consequence of the exa.
mination of John Brown, who tern brought before Fir JOHN SCOTT
LILLIE and Mr. BARLOW, charged with attempting to rob and murder
Mr. John Senior, of No. 2, Noriand•place, Notting-hill, on Saturday
afternoon, between the bouts of four and five o'clock. .
Mr. Senior was not in attendance, owing to illness, produced by the
wounds he had received in the groin and in one of his hands, in thrusting
away the muzzle of one of the pistols presented at him by the villain by
whom he was attacked. Ihe evidence of the complainant, however, had
been taken on Saturday, immediately after the outrage, at the Pclice-
office, and it having been read over to the prisoner he was now asked if
he had any person in attendance whom he wished to be examined.

The prisoner's father, an elderly man, stood forward to give some ac-
count of his wretched son. From the old man's statement it appeared
that the prisoner had recmtly returned from Spain, where he had been
for some time in the service of the Queen, and that since he came back he
had no regular employment, but was occasionally in service at different
public houses. Owing, however, to the extraordinary manner in which lie
was in the habit of conducting himself since his return to this country ;
he (the father) thought frequently that his mind was deranged.• The
father added that the prisoner had married a young woman on Easter
Monday without having the means of supporting her, and this circum-
stance had strengthened the opinion in his (the father's) mind that his
son was not right in his senses.
Miss Auterac, by whom the prisoner had been stopped and robbed
on the Wednesday preceding, identified him, and in answer to that
charge the prisoner said that he had nothing to say in his defence.
In answer to the interrogatories put to him by Sir John Scott Lillie
the accused catered into a history-of his life up to the time of his ap-
prehension ; in the course of which he said that while in Spain he was
taken prisoner by the Carlists at the battle of Fontarabia ; that he and
two other Englishmen taken at the same time were sentenced to be
shot, and were brought out fur that purpose. Just however when the
sentence was about to be executed upon them, through the intercession
of three English officers high in rank in the service of Don Carlos, he
(the prisoner) and his companions were reprieve& and sent home through
France.—The witnesses having been bound over, the prisoner was com-
mitted for trial to Newgate.

It has been positively stated that the Earl of Dur-
ham has received secret instructions to come to a definitive arrangement
of the boundary question with the American Government, in which event
there wil be no occasion for the further intetference of the King of the
Netherlands in this tzdions question.—Northern Herald.

HAYMARKET THEATRE--A one act farce, called
Neu, Notions, 'was produced at this theatre on Saturday evening, and
very favourably received. Mr. Hill personated the hero, Major Wheeler,
an American major, who can turn his hand (and brains alto) to any-
thing ; and who, finding business rather slack for a few weeks, thinks
it may be a good speculation to visit the old country, and realise some.
thing by inoctilating it with his new notions. These new notions
gem-
brace the whole circle of arts and manufactures, in every one of which
he is for goin ahead.
The fun is in the bouncing Americanisms of the
dialogue, and in the quiet manner, indescribable twang, shrewd, sly,
self-possessed
uetl,asalem to make our recollection of Mattfiews's xost-
pression of countenance of Mr. Hill. The whole
andis so
suJona-
thanb seems a caricature, and yet, at the same time, to surpass it in the
dry rivliticsi quaint humour. This is a novelty in theatrical enjoy-
ment, and we like such Nezo Nulions. Miidemoiselle Celeste finished
her engagement with Maurice (in The Child of the Wreck), and Su-
zanne. The performances were well adapted for a parting and final im-
pression.

THE CONFEDERATION OF GAUL.

(From a Pamphlet just published by the Messrs. Ridgway.)
COPY OF A DIPLOMATIC PAPER TAKEN AT
ST. PETERSBURGH, IN 1836, FROM THE
ORIGINAL DOCUMENT DEPOSITED IN THE
SECRET ARCHIVES OF THE RUSSIAN COURT.
" INTRODUCTION.

" In delivering to the world -the following extraordinary
document, taken at, great risk from the secret archives of the
Russian Court, the editors are fully prepared to hear it treated
as a fCrgery. Russia and her friends will never thre to avow
but will seek by every means to throw doubts upon its
authenticity, and brand, as impostors, all concerned in its
publication. This is quite natural. Put, happily for the
cacao of truth and justice, the bare denial of a criminal is not
evidence of his innocence, especially in a case where the
whole career of the criminal tends to confirm the accusation
against him.
" This plan for the partition of France is, or was in the
year 1836, deposited at St. Petersburgh in the secret archives
of the empire, marked No. 5,706, and endorsed ' France.' It
was at that time in the custody -of Prince Orloff. The diffi-

culty and danger of getting at a document of such importance
was truly not inconsiderable, but the danger was set at de-
fiance, and the difficulty surmounted, and a copy made—
by whom we are not at liberty to divulge, and if we were,
would not under present circumstances, when he is in the
power of the Russian Court, and the sacrifice of his life would
ba the penalty. The inducement he had for so perilous a
breach of trust may alao be demanded. Those who know the
,xtent of the bribery and corruption prevalent in Russia, from
the highest to the lowest classes—from the judge upon the
bench of justice to the meanest crier in his court, will not be
,at a loss to find a sufficient motive, even if a nobler one were
wanting.
" The original of the plan was written in French be
diplomatic language of the Court of Carskoie Siello, as of all
the rest of Europe. Some-of-the remarks in the margin were

written in pencil, and some in ink—some of them in French,
and some in Russian. The spirit which pervades them shows
that they were written either by the Emperor or his confi-
dential advisers. The 'plan itself was, it appears, written by
the. Emperor's orders in 1833. The name .of the author the
copyist could not read, with the exception of the Christian
name, In an, the rest being blotted, either by accident or de-
sign. Although written very elaborately and with astonish-
,ing boldness, the vrguments it employs are not worthy of the
name, and will be appreciated by the reader at their true
value. Their sophistry and perversity are thoroughly Rus-
sian. Hardly any body could conceive such a plan but
,a sagacious Russian, or, as we are inclit,ed to think, a Russian
-of foreign extraction utterly devoted to his Government, as the
only engine in that country to raise any subject to high pro-
motion. The language itself shows that its author was not a
Frenchman. Thera are some faults which we have left in-
tact; a few of them may be imputable to the transcriber,
who was obliged to make his copy dictando, at very incon-
venient haste. _ _

" Since the time of Peter the Great, foreign adventurers
have ruled the destinies of Russia, and have laid the founda•
tion of her importance. But the melancholy fate of Osterman,
Munich, Biren, and generally the proscription of all foreigners,
effected by a bloody revolution of the natives, induced them
to -chat-lee their policy. Instead of remaining in Russia,
they enaeavoured ,to serve it abroad, and by occupying the
Russian embassies secured their safety and their interest.
Catherine the Second, of the house of, Anhalt Zerbst, very
sagaciously made use of these resources to spread over Europe
her fame and her influence. Her successors pursued the same
policy. The best generals in the army of the Emperor Nicholas
are men of German extraction, and his principal embassies are
filled with foreigners.
" The author of this plan for the confederation of Gaul
seems to have been welt aware how much Russia is indebted
for her grandeur and power to the efforts of foreigners. He
suggests, in the 21st article, a means of attracting able and
intelligent adventurers from France and England into the
service of Russia, and the note appended to it shows the im-
portance given to it by the Emperor and his Ministers.
" We must here remind the reader of the frequent confer-
rences during late years of the Northern despots at Munchen-
grata, 'Foplitz, and Kalisch ; of the grand Russian military
camps, at different points cf the empire, and of the extraor-
dinary visits of the Emperor, once to Vienna, many times to
Berlin, and now lately to Stockholm, at a time too when
his absence from St. Pctersburgh is of considerable, danger
to hire. No French Ambassador or Plen;potentiary was ever
present at these conferences, and- very little communication
was ever held with the English. During last year-all the
French journals, from the Journal des Debats, downwards,
complained of the great number of Russians in tile country,
supposed to be spies. We know on good authority that most
of these travellers arc men of German extraction. We no-
ticed among them the learned Gretsch. It is a coincidence

which will not fail to strike the reader's attention, that at the

end of this plan is appended a note in which the Emperor
orders the author a handsome gratuity, and money to pay his
expense s during his travels in France.
" The importance of this document grows infinitely when
we consider, not only that it Ras written by order, of the
Emperor, but it is consistent with the policy of his
predecessors and the spirit of his people. The Rus-
sian Government depends solely upon foreign conquests
for its stability. The phantom of glory dazzles the
eyes of the people, and suppresses the domestic earthquake.
The Russians think that they are the first people in the world
—they dream cf dominion over the globe—it is their poetry.
But, it is not natural for a nation in slavery to be still for ever;

it is not natural that after baring gathered laurels abroad,
they should go patiently home again and resume their chains.
\Vnr, then, abroad, is the very element for the Russian people
and Government—for the people, because their self-love is

. .
flattered by conquest, and because they have not leisure to
ruminate upon their own abasement—and for the Government,
because it is the only means_ of self-preservation. _ • Russia,

since the days of Catherine II , has nearly tripled her Eu-
ropean population (from 22,000,000 to 56.000,000), and that,
mainly by foreign conquest, by detaching large pros inces from
her neighbours, Sweden, Denmark, and Persia : she nearly
dismembered Turkey, and blotted out of the map of Euro; e
the heroic Poland, her powerful rival among the Sciavonic
races. Now she would grasp at France.
6, Extraordinary as this plan may appear, let those who may
feel inclined to doubt its authenticity remember that Russia,
in the reign of Catherine 11., actually formed a plan for the
dismemberment of China. This plan, deposited in the archives
of Siberia, was taken away, and communicated by the cele-
brated warrior Bieniowski to the Duke de Choiseul, at that
time the head of the Ministry in France, and by him to the
Emperor of China. Many other symptoms of the all-grasping
ambitionof,Russia have been noticed by the public journals
of this country. Her ill-suppressed views with regard to
British India are no secret to any one. We challenge the
living diplomatists of this country and of France, and all
persons initiated in these matters, whether at the settlement
of Europe after the fall of Napoleon, Russia did not intimate
to her allies the policy of dismembering France altogether?
6, \VC have nothing more to add. Let statesmen pause
well ere they are led to incredulity by the extravagance of
the docement, which we now deliver for their instruction. Let
Russia and her organs sneer or fume as they will, its publica-
cation will at least effect some good, if it only teaches Europe
to look with an additional feeling aad mistrust upon a power
which cannot be to much mistrusted.
" London, July, 1838."

,g Art. I. That for the future the French people shell form
a Gaulish confederation after the model of that of Germany,
without any diminution of the limits which the Congress of
Vienna and subsequent treaties have laid down for France.
"2. Desiring to ally its happiness with that of Europe,
the imprescriPtible rights of its independence with the exi.
gencics of the age, the service rendered to its existence by
the different states, and the legitimate rights of different
Princes, we divide the Gaulish confederation as follows
3. Avignon and Venaisson, comprising Orange, shall be
surrendered to his Holiness the Pope, seeing that he has for
a long time shown his devotedness to the Conservative cause,
and his hatred to rebellion' in every country. We surrender
these to him to make the church of our Saviour triumph, and
its faith become more firm among the French people. His
Holiness shall build at Rome a Basilic for the orthodox
Greek worship, to serve as a model of tolerance to all nations,
and like that which prospers already in Russia, where,
mosques and synagogues stand side by side with Greek and
Roman churches.
4. The King of Spain, Charles V., shall obtain Navarre
and Gascony, as far as the Garonne, with the exception of
Bordeaux and Medoc. The King of Portugal, Don Miguel,
shall have Corsica. The King of Naples, Ferdinand, shall
have Marseilles, with all that part of Provence lying south of
the Durance. They shall all be free to give to their divisions
the liberal institutions which they may judge in unison with
their policy.

" 5. Le Bresse and Le Lugay shall be restored to the
King of Sardinia. He shall besides obtain all the country
between the Rhone and the Durance, under the name of
Gresivadant and Valentinois, except Vienne and a circle of
three leagues around it. The Allied Powers recommend the
King of Sardinia to give quite a republican constitution to
this State, whose inhabitants are well known -for their attach-
ment to freedom.

---
"6. Switzerland shall be erected into a kingdom, of which
Berne
.shall be the capital, in favour of the House of
Austria. This kingdom shall be augmented by Franche
Comte, which shall take the organization of an additional
Canton.

" 7. The Grand Duke of Baden shall cede to the King of
Wurternberg the province of Seelac, and the German Con-
federation that of Alain and Tamber, in order to facilitate the
indemnities to, and exchange with, the Hessians and the Nas-
saux, which are to be afterwards determined by the Diet of
Frankfort. IHe shall obtain the whole of Alsatia, and take the
regal title which is due to him.
" 8. The King of Bavaria shall cede to the King of Wur-
temberg the southern moiety of the Upper Danu,be, as well as
Ulm. * shall remain in the possession of Bavaria.
The King will obtain nearly the whole of Lorraine, with the
towns of Metz and Nancy, which, conjointly with Rhenish
Bavaria, shall form states under the names of the Lorraiues.
Their inhabitants being greatly renowned for their love of
liberty, the protecting Powers solicit the King of Bavaria to
give them a corresponding constitution.
" 9. Lille and Artois shall be restored to the kingdom of
the Netherlands, as they anciently made part of Flanders,
The King of the Netherlands shall g ive up the whole of
Luxemburg to Prussia, and shall cease to belong to the Ger-
manic Confederation. In exchange be shall obtain all the
Cambraisis, and all the country as far a; the Aisne, compris-
ing Noyon and Lana. This country to re-assume its ancient
appellation of the Vermandois.
" 10. Luxemburg, and all the country in the possession of
of the Netherlands and of Bavaria as far as the Seine, shall

be united to Prussia, under the names of the Ardennes and
Champagne, Rheims, Verdun, Soissons, Chalons-sur-Marne,
Troyes, Langres, Meaux, Melun, except the territory of Paris
and of Sens. This occupation will be of peculiar advantage
to the Gaulish Confederation, becacee one of its most Pow er-
ful protectors being himself a part of the Confederation, will
be more able to watch over the stability of its organization.
This country shall have such institutions as may be granted by
the magnanimity of his Prussian Majesty.
" Great Britain lust be content with Calais and Bou-
logne, which she shalrpossess as an indemnity for her generous
concessions to the general „
" 12. The rest of Fra.r Ar!il remain suijuris in the pos.
session of its natives, viz.
" 13. Considering the services which the Prince de Tal.

leyrand- Perigord in his long career has rendered to the peace-
ful policy of the Holy Alliance, and to all the dynasties
which have governed France for 80 years, we restore to him
Perigueux and all Perigord, and erect them into an indepen-
dent State. He shall possess it as Sovereign, he and his de-
scendants, if it shall please him by forming a new matrimo-
nial alliance to procure male successors. If Providence rules
it otherwise, he may dispose of Perigord in favour of his
family, and shall determine by will one of the Talleyrands to
become the chief of a new dynasty.
" 14. Lyons, with a circle of three leagues around it, and
Paris, with a territory of four leagues to the north of the
Seine, shall be republics, to serve as models for all the others
which the policy of the Confederation may judge it convenient
to establish.
" 15. In taking under our peculiar protection the legiti-
macy of France, it is our desire to re-establish the elder
branch of the Bourbons in all its ancient splendour. H's
Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias has destined one of
his daughters to Henry V., the hope of France, and we re-
cognise
his sacred rights to the sovereignty. But respect-
Mg the consequence of irnprescriptible legitimacy, which
no violence has been able to weaken, we preserve the Royal
title to our brother Charles the Tenth, and: destine for
him during the term of his natural life the possession of
Burgundy, where he will reside at Dijon. The presumptive
heir to this kingdom shall be Louis Duke of Aresouleme.
We have deemed it fitting to honour the said Duke ofe Angou-
leme with the Royal title in order not to prejudice the royalty
of the Duke of Bordeaux, who will bear it prematurely. The
Duke of Angoulerne, King, shall reside at Toulouse, and shall
possess that capital for life with Narbonne and all the country
as far as the Pj renec s, under the name of the Tolosan. This
fine t"rritory is assigned to him in commemoration of his heroic
exploits in Spain. It will be agreeable to him .to be the
neighbour of that country where he acquired his glory, and to
the Spaniards to see upon their frontier the hero who rendered
them so many. eminent services. •
" There shall then be, for the present, three Kings of France
the elder. each independent of the other, viz., Charles X.,
Louis XIX., and Henry V.
" 17. The possessions of Henry V. shall for the present he
Brittany, La Vendee, with Angers and Tours, Berri' La Bour-
bonnais, Guienne with Bordeaux and Illedoc,, Languedoc,
Auvergne, and the town of Vienne with a circle of three
leagues on the east of the Rhone, bearing tho name of Le
Dauphine. He shall also possess the Gatinois, beginning
from the mouth of the canal Briare, Sens, Cbateaudun, Chsr-
tree, Fontainbleau, Rambouillet, and Versailles. His capital
shall be Bourges. After the decease of the King, his grand-
father and uncle, Burgundy and the Tolosan shall be re-united
_ _

for ever to the States of Henry V., upon condition that these
provinces shall always send their own representatives to_ the
Diet of the Confederation.

18. Seeing . that Louis Phillippe do Bourbon, of
the younger branch, has rendered imperishable ser-
vices to humanity, in bearing himself so loyally in
the catastrophe of July, as well as by his sincerity
and his repentance when he threw himself into our
arms, he shall enjoy for himself and his posterity the title of
King of the French, and shall fix his residence at Rouen. His
throne shall be surrounded with Republican institutions, with
a charter and :an opposition duly established. He shall have
all Normandy,.the affection of which he has gained by his
former travels among the people, and shall be of the
Fort St. Michel. We add Amiens and Beauvais, Perche,
• tl

Vendome, Blois, and Orleans, with a territory under the

name of the Orleanais. He shall undertake to construct at
his own expense the three detached forts near Paris, to pre-
serve the peace. He shall be at liberty whenever he pleases
to demand from the Diet the indemnities which may be justly
due for his priVate possessions.
. " 19. An exact map shall be drawn up of this par-
tition, in order to avoid mistakes, similar to those

which took place in 1772 and 1775 on the first division
of the Republic of Poland. The three Powers shall besides
delegate their Plenipotentiaries to see that no encroachments
are made on the reciprocal limits of the States.
" 20. Every Frenchman is free to establish himself in such
portion of the Confederation as he may think proper, or as
shall agree best with his inclination, his interest or his convic-
tion. The Republican will . help to people Paris and Lyons,
another being attached to the doctrine of the charter will esta-
blish himself in France the younger ; the legitimatist in France
the elder. If he be a Carlist, and rigid observer'of the sacred
right of the last living King, he will establish himself in Bun-

gtindy. If he be an—Henr‘icluinquist be will live tinder the
sway of Henry V. In fine, those who disapprove of all these

will find in these States which Providence his confided to the

sceptre of foreign Kings all the different shades (nuances)
which suit them.

• " 21. All the discontented who may wish to labour in the
cause of the human race shall have free scope under the
auspices of the Emperor of all the Russias, who will form a

separate corps, under the command of a French General, to

conquer the barbarians of Asia, and propagate therein the
civilization of Europa and the religion of Christ. The learned
of France and missionaries from all countries inspired to preach
the divine word, are invited to share in this mission, the more
honourable because it is difficult and perilous. They shall be
received under the special protection of his Imperial Majesty.
" 22. Seeing that all late inquiries upon commerce and in-
dustry are decidedly in favour of the prohibitive system,
custom-houses shall be established on the frontiers of all the
states of the Gaulish Confederation, in order that industry
may prosper; the Diet shall immediately take ecgnivince cf
this matter.

" 23. The liberty of the press and of speech is guaranteed
to all the states of the Confederation. Literary piracies shall
be for ever repressed by means of a severe decree against re-
printing in foreign countries any French work, with the excep-
tion of those which the Government of St. Petvsburgh may
desire to purchase from the authors to animate selence and the
belles leltres. It ir, however, recomnzrnded to the Govern-
ment of the Confederation that they should not encourage men
of letters of a perverse spirit, to whom are to be imputed all the
excesses of the revolution. Let the words of Massillon which
he addresses to the patrons of such people be for ever
engraved upon their memory : It is you alone,' says
he, who give lascivious poets r.nd pernicious authors
to the world; it is to please you that these corruptors
of the public morals bring their talents to perfection,
and seek their elevation and for One by a success, which has
for its object the loss of souls. It is through your means that
the people participate in these disorders. These dangerous
authors, whom you honour with protection, will pass into the
hands of your children and ' grandchildren, and the venom
which they bear will be carried from age to age.'
" 24. To give a national unity and consistency to the Con-
federation of Gaul, a permanent Diet shall he held, to sit al-
ternately at Paris and Versailles. The eighteen Confederate
States shall send their Plenipotentiaries, and the Diet shall
immediately commence its labours under the Presidency of the
Prince tie Perigord. The following is the number of 79 votes
divided amongst them :
" 1. Calais and Boulogne (England) 2
" 2. Artois and Vermandois (Netherlands) 4
" 3. Ardennes and Champagne ( Prussia) ... 8
" 4. French Loraine (Bavaria)
" 5. Alsatia (Baden) 2
" 6. Franche Comte ( Switzerland)
" 7. Gresivauden and Valeutinois ( Sardinia)
" 8. Provence (Naples)
9. Corsica (Portugal) 2
" 10. Gascony (Spain) 3
" 11. Avignon ( Pope)
" 12. Republic of Paris
" 13. Republic of Lyons
" 14. Normandy and the Orleannois (France the
younger)
" 15.. Burgundy
" 16. Tolosan
" 17. France the Elder, with Bourges the capital
" 18. The Prince of Perigord
" 25. The three protectors of the Confederation, eager to
insure the happiness of this great people, will prescribe with
short delay the mode of sitting of the Federal Diet, and will
submit several political questions to its deliberation.
26. To secure the peace of Europe, consolidate the new
order of things, and guarantee its own independence, the
Gaulish Confederation shall conclude a treaty offensive and
defensive with the three Allied Powers, the conditions of
which shall be separately set forth. In virtue of this treaty
the Allied Powers shall be obliged to furnish twice as many
contingencies as the Confederation, in case of any demand
from a contracting party. In the mean time Russian and
Austrian garrisons shall enter several towns of the Confede-
ration with the most amicable intention, until the Federal
Diet, having taken the necessary measures, shall demand their
evacuation.

" 27. In remembrance of the establishment of the
Confederation, a monument shall be erected at the
Tuileries. The two Republics shall every year cele-
brate the anniversary of that event, and that epoch,
for ever memorable, and shall give the most brilliant
festival possible to the people. The Academy of Inscriptions
and Bylles Lettres shall take charge of the epigraphs and in_
scriptions, and will announce besides the prizes to be given for
the best work on the stability of the new order of things.
" 28. Insteadof indemnities for the enormous expenses of
the last, expedition, Russia will be contended with a portion of
the pictures in the gallery of the Tuileries, the Museum, and
the duplicates in the Royal Library. His Majesty. the Emperor
of all the Russias will accept them as a gift film the French
people, and will make use of them as a meant extending the
civilization of the West towards Asia. In his disinterestedness
he will reserve to himself no share, no mote, no political ad-
vantage. He will be contented with the glory of being the
pacificator of a great people, of expressing his friendship to-
wards them, and of preserving them from every attack which
might overthrow their happiness. In spite of perverse jour-
nalists, he only seeks to extirpate the germs of destructive
war, in, uniting together all nations, by the benefits ofciviliza-

tion and knowledge, and to make known that magimnimity
dwells alongside of his colossal power.
" \rive la Confederation Gauloise 1
" [Here are to follow the signatures of the plenipotentiaries
of their Imperial and Royal Majesties.]
" [Pay to Ivan * * the sum of 30,000
rubles as a reward for this plan, and 20,000 rubles per annum

for his journey in France, and let him be furnished with pri-
vate letters for our Ambassador at Paris. Byt po semu (I
will it,

"NICHOLAS.

" Carskoie Siello, this 15th June, 1833."

DEPARTURE OF THE GREAT

WESTERN.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
BRISTOL, SATURDAY, JULY 21.
From the complete SUCCOS3 which Las attended the experi-
mental voyages of this vessel, the public interest seems to be
more widely and deeply extended ; at all events it is not won-
derful that such should be the case here, " the city of her
birth," and we have good grounds for concluding that the
t*
feeling in general in the fact that at every trip her freight is
more and more valuable.
A large quantity of luggage, and a few of the passengers,
were put on board early this morning. In the evening, at five
o'clock, we accompanied the bulk of the passengers on board
the Cambria, from the Stotwells to Kingroad, where the Great
Western was lying. At eight o'clock she got under weigh,
and after three times three hearty cheers given from the friends
of the passengers end Directors on board the Cambria,
St. David, and other packets, and returned in the same
manner from the passengers and crew of the Western,
we went a few miles a-head. In a very short time she passed
us, giving and receiving one more long, lingering cheer, and
was quickly out of sight, moving down the channel at the rate
of nine pr ten miles an hour.
Since her return voyoge the builder, Mr. Patterson, has
been busily engaged in fitting up a " Round House" on deck,
which affords sleeping berths to 24 more passengers, and it is
wonderful that in so short a time the work could have been
completed so as to present all the superior comforts found in
every Fart of this vessel. But the best evidence of her supe-
rior advantages in every respect is to be found in the fact that
every berth is taken, and all the space allotted to goods is
crammed full.

There were several applicants after she was full, who were

much di,7appriinted, amongst them were some from London
and from Liverpool. She carries upwards of 120 passengers,
amongst whdrn arc Colonel Webb, Editor of the New York

Courier, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Matthews (Madame Vestris),
Mr. Power, Mr. Peake, several silk merchants from Lyons,
and a great many American passengers, several of whom came
in a fortnight since, and have done all their business, and are
now on their way borne. She has also a very valuable cargo
of light or measurement goods, consisting of upwards of 200
boxes of silks of the newest patterns, a great part of which is
exported from Lyons ; also several boxes containing splendid
silk shawls; and a quantity of silk lace of several hundred
pounds in value.

Her cargo is estimated at 20,0001. value, every' nook and
cranny where goods could be stowed being filled. She is
two or three feet deeper in the water than she was on the last
voyage out.

the carriess despatches for Lord Durham, and there
were 3,180 letters from the Post-office, and about 5,000 from
that of the Great Western ; also about 2,000 newspapers,
and a great number of small parcels ; besides which the
passengers' luggage was sufficient to freight a small steamer.
One of the passengers has taken out a large package of the
" Golden Sun," upon which he calculates to a "pretty con-
siderable profit I guess."
There was a renewed demand in Bristol for the " Golden
Sun," every passenger was anxious to obtain a copy.

(FROM ANOTHER CORRESPONDENT.)-
PORTSHEAD, JIILY 22.—1 have great pleasure in informing
you that the "Great Western" kept her time, and was as full of
passengers as she could be. A now set of twenty-four sleep-
ing places have been arre.oged on the quarter-deck, in conse-
quence of which about one hundred and twenty persons will
sit down to their meals the grand saloon every day, which is
the number on board, exclusive of servants. Such of the lower
cabins as are not occupied by the latter are let as whole cabins
for one fare. Including the crew, the ship has more than 200
persons.on board, and a rich freight in valuable dry goods.
She went away in very good trim, and the passengers in
very excellent spirits. Mr. and Mrs. Matthews (ci devant
Vestris), Mr. Power, • and several French persons of musical
and dramatic talents, were en board, with Mr. Maywood, the
manager of the Philadelphia Theatre.
At Ten a.m., the first steamer, with sixty passengers and
their lugage, came off, and at half-past seven p.m. two
others, with the remainder. At eight the ship went off, amid
the cheers of hundreds in the Cambria, Rodney, David,
Tygres and Lyon steamers, the Victory, Osprey, and Bristol
starting full of people a little before her. The shore of Ports-

head lined with spectators, waving and cheering quite as
much es on the first trip. Guns were fired from the steamers
and from the battery.
Considering that the weather has been very bad, and that
the new cabins had to be put up, as well as cargo to be
landed and coals got in, the getting the ship ready for sea in a
road,tead is certainly an unparalleled effort. At no time have
there been less than 100 workmen on board.

IRELAND.

DUBLIN, JULY 21;
Inspector- General Colonel AK. regor is now in Dublin,

having entered upon his important duties, as head of the Irish
Constabulary. The Gallant Colonel, with his family, arrived
in town yesterday from Belfast.—Dublin Even* Post.
INFORMATIONS AGAINST UPWARDS OF THREE ITUNDR:2:I3
ORANGEMEN. —The Evening Mail has bad the hardihood ta
assert that there were no processions on the recent Orange
anniversaries—.that the Orangemen obeyed the law, and that
the proceedings of the Government with regard to the pro-
cessions have turned out a failure. The filso.hood is asserted,
after the published and uncoatradicted statements of the vio-
lation of the law, in almost every village and hamlet of Ulster,
by multitudes of Orangemen marching in procession, with
music and banners—after the gross outrage at Cookstown,
recorded in the Mai/ itself as a proof of the state of the
country, where the Orangemen assailed and disarmed the
police ; and after the desecration of so many churches of the
Establishment by the exhibition of factious emblems, tending
to perpetuate discord amongst the Queen's subjects. The
truth is That, on no former occasion, since, the institution of
the treasonable confederacy, has there been so general a dispo-
sition systematically to resist the law, as during the recent
anniversaries.

The Dublin Eveniug Post, whose brief and well-merited
castigation of a Contemporary characterised by the habitual
violation of truth we have copied, than proceeds to show, by a
reference to actual occurrences and undisputed facts, that it
was not alone the low and ignorant Orangemen, but indivi-
duals highly connected, who appeared in the processions, and
have been held amenable to stand their trial at the Assizes.
The Post in conclusion observes:—" To sum up—there are
already upwards of TIIREE HUNDRED ORANGEMEN charged,
upon sworn informations, with violating the law on the Ist
and 12th of July. There were, of course, many thousands
equally guilty, whom the police were unable to recognise."

Eight Hundred Acres of Land, in the Fens of Lin-
colnshire, were sold by Mr. George Robins laEt week, at Spilsby, for
Fifty-one Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty Guineas.—Lincolnskirc
Paper.

On Sunday last, about half-past one o'clock, a
wherry, with two ladies and a gentleman, was coming from the Hot-
wells to Btistol, when, on passing the sca-banks, it got on a sunken
piece of timber, and in less than a minute was bottom upwards. For-
tunately, two gentlemen were passing at the time, and hastened to the
assistance of the pasty, the whole of whom they happily succeeded in
rescuing at the moment of sinking.—Bristol Mercury.

Fresh herrings were selling in Kilmarnock on Tues-
day last a dozen for sixpence.

Owing to the rapidity of steam intercourse the
butchers begin to be afraid that when the weather becomes cooler, we
shall begin to eat American as well as Scotch mutton.

THE SIBERIAN COW PARSNlP.—Perhaps one of
the most magnificent plants that we ever have had the opportunity of
seeing, is the specimen of the above, now in full flower in Callendar gar-
den. In a botanical point it is equally curious and interesting, while it
may become of great value and importance to the agriculturalist. Its
height is eleven feet, and the circumference of the whole plant forty-.
nine feet. It is equally early and hardy, having grown some inches
under the snow in the late severe winter. Its immense quantity of
foliage, produced at an early season, would excellently fit it as food for
cattle at that period. When standing beneath its splendid umbrella-like
top, one can fancy himself amid the gorgeous vegetation of South Ame-
rica, while with the stateliness of a tree it bas al! the fragility of some
water plant. —Falkirk Correspondent of Vic Scotsman.

The Plympton corporation have advertised for sale
the portrait of Sir Joshua Reynolds, painted by himself, and presented
to the corporation of hii native town on the occasion of his being
chosen mayor.--Exeter Flying Post.

On Saturday information was received at the dif-
ferent police offices and station.houses, that on the 27th of May last the
" Bank of the Metropolis," in the city of Washington, was robbed of an
immense quantity of jewels, valued at several thousand pounds, the
property of numerous depositors at the above Bank. It consisted of
diamond brooches, pins, earrings, tiaras, and rings, suits of pearls, aqua
maines, pink topaz, amethysts, &c. ; gold chains, pins, and rings; a quan-
tity of plate, consisting of knives, forks, and spoons, with pearl .arid gold
handles, &c., for the recovery of which, and apprehension of the
thieves, a reward of 5001. has been offered.

'rile Duke de Nemours arrived on Wednesday
evening at Boulogne.sur.Mer, from London, on board the Magna, after
a passage of 1 I hours. All the population of Boulogne, both French
and English, may be said to have flocked down to the quay to receive
his Royal Highness; the throng was tremendous, and their cheers were
loud and unanimous as he landed. His Royal Highness conversed for
some time with the Mayor and other authorities of the town on its state
acid prospects. The Prince left for Paris the same evening at half-past
10, and arrived yesterday (Thursday) afternoon at Neuilly, where, as
the Debuts remarks, the whole of the Royal Family are now assembled
for the first time since the Revolution of July.

The artillery and remaining men of the British Le-
gion were embarked at St. Sebastian, on the 74th inst., for Santander,
from whence they are to proceed into the interior of Spain. _

the witty dramatis.s o
Po PERY.---: More rt thanue century
Stratagem"
l s elapsed
fe
t:ht
the
ri
ieu.
lous bugbear of Popery, raised for party purposes, was a legitimate butt
for satire and derision, and, accordingly, when poor Scrub is awoke up
in the dead of the night by the noisy pranks of Archer, and rushes
out in his shirt and night-cap, his first exclamation on reaching the
staircase is made to be, " Thieves, murder, popery !" considering, this
disposition of the words to be the ascending climax of horrors. The
Scrubs of the Bath Press would, no doubt, in a similar fright, tell their
terrors in the very same forms of words. The very name of Prior
Park is an abomination; that of Dr. Baines throws them into fits,
and they curse both the one and the other as loudly and deeply—as
completely and intelligibly as if they used the very imprecations of
Ernulphus.—Bath Herald.
There is no place in the world which humbles a
man more in his own estimation so much as London. It is all very well
to hold our heads high in the country, and to fancy that we are persona
of very great importance; but let any one who entertains such notions
be set down in Cheapside, at four o'clock in the afternoon, and in th©
midst of that hurrying, driving mass of intelligence, and be will feel
himself as mere atom—almost a nonentity.—Sunbeam.
