THE ARMY.

The 46th regiment of Foot marched through Dartford
from Canterbury to Weedon, last week. On Thursday a
private was tried for mutiny at a drum-head court-martial,
held on the road between Gravesend and Dartford, when
he was sentenced to be flogged. The sentence was car-
ried into effect on Dartford Brent (all the men acknow-
ledging he deserved a more severe punishment). It is
nearly forty years since a similar circumstance occurred in
this place.
m a
nT
dh The
fdepot
oorf tAh el l
eln,regimentf
r Foof
m oEoxt , e
tuenr d
be ra
rtrhe ac
kc
so m
on-
Wednesday morning last, on their return to Devonport.
sacks Dragoon
norriday last.
Guards,
from
It is thirty years since this regiment was stationed in that
city.
Twßortirgohotposn, of
occupied the lst or
Exeter the King's
(From the Limerick Chronicle.)
We yesterday received letters from the service companies
of the 60th Rifles, at Gibraltar, to the 20th of last month,
when the garrison enjoyed the best health. Only four
companies of the 70th had arrived out, and no appear-
ance of head-quarters. The 92d Highlanders landed safe
from the Jupiter troop-ship ; they lost only one man on
the voyage. The Jupiter conveyed the 55d regiment to
Malta, where they landed safe on the 7th March. Four
companies of the 12th regiment had proceeded to Ports-
mouth on board the transport which conveyed the 70th
out, and head-quarters are waiting to embark on board
the transport which conveys the remainder of the 70th.
On Sunday night, the 13th, there was a most tremen-
dous shock of an earthquake, at nine o'clock ; it was so
violent that a number of glasses were broken in several
houses.
We this morning received the following from Barbadoes,
dated 11th March :—" The Marquis of Hunt/eytransport,
with the head-quarters of the 76th regiment, arrived here
on the sth instant, and sailed for St. Lucie the same even-
ing; she arrived there on the 6th, and on the morning of
the 7th the troops disembarked. The Royal head-quarters
were to embark in the same ship for Barbadoes on the 10th,
and we are looking for them. The Orestes, with the left
wing of the 76th, arrived at the same time, and sailed same
evening for Dominica. We expect the left wing of the
Royals here under the command of Captain H. C. Cowell.
Sir Charles Smith, Colonel Royal Engineers, has gone to
St. Lucie to assume the temporary government. The
whole of the 69th is at St. Vincent—the left wing 67th at
Grenada, and the head-quarters and right wing here, under
Major Brooke. The troops are all healthy. The Athol,
troop ship, has not arrived."
Yesterday, Capt. Fane's troop of the 4th Dragoon Guards
left the Artillery barracki on route to Cork.
The head-quarters, including three troops of the 4th I
Dragoon Guards, will he stationed at Corks and three
troops at Ballincollig.
The 83d regiment has sailed from Cork for Halifax, N. S.
The cavalry and infantry at Manchester have been for
the last fortnight in a state of readiness to turn out at a
moment's warning.
A squadron of the sth Dragoon Guards left Manchester
on Friday for Oldham, and the head-quarters are appointed
at Leeds.

The leth Royal high root from Mancheger, and irlze

( PRICE 7D.)

35th regiment from Blackburn, are under orders fi r Ire-
,land. The 59th and 80th are to remain in England, con-
trary to general opinion.
The route of the 12ih Lancers from Manchester to
Gloucester is suspended for the present. .
The Grenadier company of.the 89th regiment returned
yesterday to Cork from detachments at Mill-street end
Macroom.

• A reinforcement of fifty-four men from the 83th depot
at Sheerness is ordered to embark at Chatham, under
Captain Orr, to join the service companies at Corfu.
The Hope transport, with a'clivision of the 12th regiment,
100 men, from Gibraltar, is arrived at Plymouth, but will
proceed to Portsmouth, where the depot now is.
Lieut. Alexander Alcock, Royal Artillery, tried by
court-martial on charges preferred by a' mess-man about
some bills passed by him, and sentenced to be dismissed
the service, is ordered to return to his duty, in consequence
of the Court's recommendation in his favour.

A large East Indiaman, the Morley, Captain Douglas,
arrived off Dingle Bay on Tuesday. She sailed from the
Malabar coast on the Ist December last, touched at Cey-
lon, and sailed from Colombo -on Christmas day. St e
also, in her passage homeward, touched at the Cape and
St. Helena. The Morley had a number of passengers on
board, and some invalids belonging to the 61st and 78th
regiments. She left'. many ships about 500 miles from
Scilly, short of provisions, and on her arrival off Dingle
Bay was much in want-of provisions and water ; her cargo
consists of hides, coffee, cinnamon, and pepper. The
following are passengers on board the Morley :—Mrs.
Colonel Cooke, Master. Cooke, Miss Cooke, Mrs. Major
Faris, Miss Paris, Miss M. Faris, Mrs. Russell, Quarter-
master Stubbs, 48th regiment, Mrs. Dinwoodie, Miss Din-
woodie, Master Dinwoodie, Assistant-Surgeon Robertson,
78th regiment, Mr. Parlett, Rev. Mr. Porter, Mr.-Cole,
Captain Smith, of the late barque Linnfflits, of Liverpool,
and five of her crew ; two sergeants of the 61st and .78th
regiments, four privates, five women, and ten children.

.
HUDDERSFIELD MARKET.--Thedaybemff
very wet, there was scarcely an average quantity of
business transacted in the Cloth Hall ;but as many
of the small manufacturers are, at present,' busily en-
gaged in executing orders for the larger ones, the
business done in the hall does not materially affect the
trade. Prices have been fully supported during last
week.—Halifax Express.
HALIFAX MARKET.—At this market, last
Saturday, there was a considerable increase in the
amount of the business done in the Piece-Hall ; and
former prices, for nearly all kinds of stuff goods, were
readily obtained. Indeed the low prices, to which
goods and wool have arrived, are bringing many pur-
chasers into the market, and all kinds of stuffs have,
,in consequence, been in much more demand in the
course of last week ; and it is, therefore, currently
believed, that a general revival in our trade has taken
place. The demand for both wool and yarn is like-
wise as brisk as is that for pieces ; and many spinners
have, therefore, commenced working nearly full time,
as the stocks on hand, in all departments, are known
to be very low, and quite inadequate to supply even a
medium demand for a few weeks.—Halifax Express.

Lieutenanat Conolly's " Journey Overland to
India, by a new Route through Russia, Persia, and
Affghaunistaun," is certainly one of the most enter-
taining works lately published. In the course of his
interesting narrative he relates his various adventures
in the Caspian desert, wtere he was led about captive,
through the treachery of his guide. An excellent op-
portunity was afforded him of seeing much of the nu-
merous tribes that infest this little-known tract, more
particularly of the Toorkmuns and Affghauns. He
was frequently accused of being a Russian spy, but
contrived to continue 'his journey until his arrival at
Heraut. Here, however, he was not so fortunate,
being arrested at midnight, and carried before the au-
thorities. The most important part of his work at the
present moment, is the body of new information he
has brought forward connected with the projected in-
vasion of India by the Russians—a question which his
experience has enabled him to discuss with consider-
able ability.

A very laughable incident occurred the other
day on one of the quays, which turned out a source o
merriment to every fortunate spectator. Two Irish
gentlemen having landed from one of the steam-pack-
ets, which usually put in here on their voyage from
Dublin to London, taking advantage of the opportu-
nity, hastened to our fish-market, where they pur-
chased four large live crabs, with an intention of re-
galing themselves after their national taste, during the
continuance of their voyage. Anticipating the great-
est pleasure from their feast, they proceeded with the
crabs under their arms as far as Britonside, when hen
one of the side-going captives seized the hand
of its unlucky owner, and with its claw obtained so
firm a tenure of the gentleman's digits as to cause him
forthwith to drop the other crab, and cry lustily for
help. His friend immediately laid his own purchase
on the ground and went for the purpose of dexterously
extricating the sinister hand of the sufferer, when lo I
his own became no less firmly held by the gripe of the
merciless creature. This calamity only caused ano-
ther call for help, in the true Milesian brogue, from
those who were thus unexpectedly handcuffed as tightly
as two deserters, and it was not until some porters had
broken off the claws of the crab that they were re-
leased. The hats of the gentlemen had fallen off in
the fright, and, in the meanwhile, the other crabs had
crawled to no little distance, so that the hunt with
which this scene was followed was no less laughable
than the dread with which the creatures were handled
when cau.,,rht. The whole scene was worthy the burin
of a Cruikshank.—Plymouth Journal.

HOLMAN, THE BLIND TRAVELLER.-
This very remarkable individual, whose name will pro-
bably not be forgotten in the records of this era, gives
in the first volume of his travels, the following account
of his mode of dealing with the infirmity which has
deprived his mind of its most valued of sensuous agents
—sight :—" I am constantly asked, and I may as well
answer the question here once for all, what is the use
of travelling to one who cannot see ?—I answer, Does
every traveller see all that he describes ?—and is not
every traveller obliged to depend upon others for a
great proportion of the information he collects ? Even
Humboldt himself was not exempt from this necessity.
The picturesque in nature, it is true, is shut out from
me, and works of art are to me mere outlines of beauty,
accessible only to one sense ; but perhaps this very
circumstance affords a stronger zest to curiosity, which
is thus impelled to a more close and searching exa-
mination of details than would be considered necessary
to a traveller who might satisfy himself by the super-
ficial view, and rest content with the first impressions
conveyed through the eye. Deprived of that organ
of information, I am compelled to adopt a more rigicl
and less suspicious course of inquiry, and to investigate
analytically, by a train of patient examinations, sug-
gestions, and deductions, which other travellers dismiss
at first sight ; so that, freed from the hazard of being
misled by appearances, I am the less likely to adopt
hasty and erroneous conclusions. I believe that; not-
withstanding my want of vision, I do not fail to visit as
many interesting points in the cortrw of my travels as
the majority of my centimiporaries ; and by having
things described to me on the spot, I think it is
possible for me to form as correct a judgment as
my own sight would enable me to do ; and to
confirm my accuracy, I could bring many living
witnesses to bear testimony to my endless inquiries,
and insatiable thirst for collecting information. In-
deed this is the secret of the delight I derive from
travelling, affording me as'it does a constant source of
mental occupation, and stimulating me so powerfully
to physical exertion, that I can bear a greater degree
of bodily fatigue than any one could suppose Ty
frame to be capable of supporting. lam fi7cvently
asked how I .take my notes. It is simply thus : I
keep a sort of rough diary, wbich I fill Up from time
to time as opportnn4ies offer, but not from day to day,
for am frequently many days in arrear, sometimes,
indeed, a fortnight• together ; but I always vividly
re-
member the daily occurrences which t wish to retain,
so that it is not posiible that any circumstances can
escape my at4en%iri• I also collect distinct notes on
various subjects, as well as particular descriptions of
interesting objects, and when I cannot meet with a
friend.to act as my amanuensis, I have still a resource
vv
in my Pn writing apparatus, of which, however,but seldom avail myself, as the process is much -4,orc
tedious to me than that of dictation. But these are
merely rough notes of the beads of subjects, which I
reserve to expatiate upon at leisure on my return to
England. From A 114 age Round the World, by
Mikes tielman, R. N., F. it 8,

~,
Via, ~i o~J

LONDON UNIVERSITY-PRIVY
COUNCIL.

The Privy Council sat on Saturday, at a quarter
past eleven o'clock, to hear further arguments against
the' petition for granting a charter to the London
University. The Lords present were—The Noble
Lord President, the Lord Chancellor, the Archbishops
of Canterbury and York, the Bishop of London, the
Dukes of Grafton and Richmond, Earls Eldon and
Ripon, Lords Lyndhurst and Denman, Sir Nicholas
Tyndale, &c. &c.

Mr. FREDERICK POLLOCK appeared on behalf of
the College of Surgeons, but previous to opening his
case the Lord Chancellor said it was the wish of their
lordships to conclude that day, and he hoped counsel
would not unnecessarily protract the proceedings.
Mr. POLLOCK would detain their lordships but a
very short time, and in arguing the case for the
College of Surgeons he would wish to be understood,
in limine, as not appearing there the advocate of ex-
clusion on religious grounds, as lie considered that
degree's in law, medicine, and arts ought to be con-
ferred without any regard to those tests imposed in
other places. He thought, however, the public health
was a matter of the most serious consideration, and
that their lordships should pause before they recom-
mended his Majesty to grant a charter to the Uni-
versity to confer degrees, when it could be clearly
proved such an institution had not the means to afford
that education and experience necessary for the able
practice in medicine and surgery. He did not wish
to go back to the.early history of the College of Sur-
geons, from charter to charter, an I to show how
ancient was their foundation. By an Act of Par-
liament, all persons practising surgery within seven
miles of the metropolis were under their jurisdiction.
And so ably, efficiently, and impartially had they dis-
charged their duty, that not a single objection had
ever been advanced against the retention of such power.
The confidence reposed in them was considerable.
They were intrusted with the Hunterian collection,
which the nation so highly prized. Parliament had
granted a large sum for a building, which they had
most liberally increased. They were, in truth, the
university of surgeons. It was true, they did not
grant degrees • but they were the centre of all the
schools of medicine. They performed the same func-
tion as the university did to the different colleges.
Various hospitals were opened to its pupils. The
London university was without an hospital. Was it,
then, to supersede the College of Surgeons, that had
been so long an able and distinguished school? The
learned gentleman, having contended that the funds of
the university were not such as to render it advisable
to grant their application, went into various details re-
specting the income of St. Bartholomew's, Grey's,
or St. Thomas's Hospital—noble and munificent insti-
tutions„that dispensed relief to thousands. Each of
them afforded the best instruction to students, and a
practice within their respective walls for twelve months
qualified them for a diploma. Would they be over-
looked in order that the "London University might
be exalted ?

Mr. FOLLETT appeared in behalf of the lecturers in
the medical schools in the metropolis. The petition,
though not signed by more than 99 persons, was con-
curred in by almost all the medical gentlemen in
London. Those whose signatures were attached to
the petition were all men of the greatest eminence
and distinguished talent in their profession.

Mr. EASTCOURT next presented himself, and was
proceeding to address their lordships, when the LORD
CHANCELLOR asked whom he appeared for ?

Mr. EASTCOURT—I have the..honour, my Lord, to
appear for the same parties as Mr. Follett.
The LORD CHANCELLOR—It is out of the question.
You cannot be heard.

Mr. EASTCOCIT—I beg your pardon, my Lord; I
submit I have a right to be heard.
The LORD CHANCELLOR—YOU cannot ; that is con-
trary to the understanding entered into. Besides,
you could only employ the same line of argument so
ably urged by Mr. Follett. Now, Dr. Lushington.
Mr. EASTCOLTRTVery well, my Lord; I must
desist.
Dr. LUSHINGTON rose to reply. After answering
Sir C. Wetherell's arguments, he said that several of
the most distinguished universities on the Continent
did not grant theological degrees. The University
of London was in every respect on a par with those of
Oxford and Cambridge. The Professors were men
of the most distinguished attainments in their several
branches, and there was everything necessary to en-
able them to instruct their pupils under the best ad-
vantage. His learned friend (Mr. Pollock) who
appeared for the College of Surgeon% had made use
of some arguments which he did not comprehend ;
but it was not necessary to call their lordships' atten-
tion to what had been urged by him.
The LORD CuANcELLoa—I don't see why Mr. Pol-
lock spoke at all. He had no more right to address
the Court than any man walking the streets of Lon-
don. The College of Surgeons do not grant degrees
in Medicine, and therefore are not interested in this
question.

Dr. LUSIIINGTON—That was exactly what I was
going to say, my lord. The learned gentleman then
proceeded to maintain that there was no argument iR
what had been urged against granting a charter to the
London University, when representing it to be a joint
stock company. It could not be said to be a joint
stock company. Its shares were not transferable,
except by permission of the council ; and, indeed, all
alarm on this head must appear groundless when he
(Dr. Lushington) mentioned that during the eight
years which had elapsed since its establishment only
27 shares had been transferred. He was sorry for
having so long trespassed on their lordships' valuable
time. He would conclude by remarking, that it was
now too late to try to perpetuate antiquated prejudices.
When all the governments in the civilised world were
uniting together for the spread of liberal principles, it
would be too much to expect that their lordship
would advise his Mt‘jesty to establish illiberality and
bigotry in England,
The Court rose at a little past four o'clock.

MISS EDGEWORTH'S NEW -NOVEL " HE-
LEN."—A new tale by Maria Fzigeworth, is indeed
something to excite ints,rest an.d awaken curiosity. It
is the re-appearancty and v:e must say the unexpected
re-appearance;after a le:ng absence, of an old, an early,
and a much esteemed friend, and as such, is attended
with all the delightful feelings and associations which
that event is calculated to excite. " Helen," is re-
plete with all the good qualittes I; hick have ever so
,eminently distinguished the writings of Miss Edge-
worth. Like all those writings,, too, it has a distinct
moral aim. Let every man, woman, and child, who,
can read, read this novel, and we assure them of what
we should in but few similar cases assure tnem, that
besides being highly entertained, they will be both the
wiser and the better for doing. 50..---Scotsman.

I DREADFUL EXPLOSION AT BIRMINC-
HAM.—At twenty minutes before two this afternoon a
very dreadful shock.was experienced in the neighbour-
hood of St. Philip's Church, in Birmingham. At the
distance of a mile it had the' effect of a trembienzent de
terre, such as we once ourselves experienced on the
Continent. It appears that the landlord of the Rocket
Tavern, in Little Charles-street, is a firework maker,
and at present absellt at Worcester, where a large as-
sortment of rtyrotechnical devices were to have been
forwarded to him this evening. The alleged cause of
this sad catastrophe is stated to be the sudden explo-
sion of some detonating powder, which communicated
with a large heap of touch-paper. An immense quan-
tity of gunpowder was on the premises (300 weight
was added to it wily yesterday). The prepared fire-
works had occupied several artisans during the whole
of Saturday; Sunday, and the consecutive days. Three
houses were completely destroyed ; two were blown in
the air; a girl at the moment frying bod-steaks mira-
culously escaped I She was in the house adjoining the
tavern. A company of the 84 Hussars arrived about
half-past three to clear the street of the multitude who
beset it, and. actixo search commenced, and yet con-
tinues after 'ale bodies. It is impossible to calculate
on tJ probable loss of life. Twelve tradesmen were
Three quarters of an hour wit-
cement and end. Immense masses
dining together it one rceM, The fire was as short as
nite'
swseads
jess.trucometniiv:ll„
fell in tike neighbouring streets. Furniture, &o„ was
blown in, the air, yet few passengers were injured.
gale woman; from the shock, was actually lifted in the
air from the one side of the street to the other, and is
unhurt. The premises belong to a young woman just
of age, and are uninsured. Not a window is left in
Little Charles-street uninjured. Those of the Cup
public-house are blewn to atoms. Ashley, the land-
lord, is the great pyrotechnic of the west, who, toge-
ther with 11Irs. Ashley herself, miraculously escaped
dzstruction, being in a room at the back part, of the
premiSes. Four Men and twb.women have been taken

to the hospital, and two more arc discovered dead,
The last report. from the hospital is that the wom2n irk
the acljoinmg house cannot recover, atd that .the,
Cr4L•24 •of two men, named Bennett and Cicckett, are
hopeless.

TRICKS OT STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
BanlklStock 21534 1414 New 5 per Cent.
3 per Cent. Red 903( % India Stock 269
S per Cent. Cons. 31% 2 Ditto Bonds 2B 29 pm.
334 per Cent. South Sea Stock 10134
Ditto Red 98636% Old Annuities —
Nrw 334 per Cent .. ... . ..996% New Ditto —
3 per Cent. Ann. 1726 .. 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751 —
4 per Cent. 1826 101%304 Ex. Bills, X 1,000...... 46 48 pm.
Bank Long Ann. to expire Ditto 500 46 48 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 1734 1-16 Ditto Small
Oet.lo, 1859 Ditto Commercial pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 —. Ditto Advertised — pm.
Jan, 5, 1880 — Bank for Account 21534
Aprils. 1880 — India for Account ..
Jan. 5, 1870 — Cons. for Account 9234 lc 236

TRICKS OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds .. 1003 I Peruvian Bonds 24
Belgian Bonds 4—.99% I Ditto Account 24
• Ditto Account 993¢ ' Portuguese Bonds 76%
Brazilian Bonds .... ..... 7434 5% Ditto Account 76%
Ditto Account "536 6 i Ditto New Bonds 7634 76%
Buenos Ayres Bonds 29 Ditto*Acconnt...77 6% 714 7
Ditto Account 29% Prussian Bonds 10354 3
Chilien Bonds .... .......... ....2934 , Ditto Bonds, 1822 lO3
Ditto Account 29% ;Russian Bonds, 1822 ... 105%14
Columbian Bonds
Ditto Account .2154 I Ditto 111
Ditto Bonds, 1924 271%4 Spanish Bonds, 1821....37%1414
Di to Account 273 r I Ditto Acc....37365 M 6'6 7%
Danish Bon i -.4% Ditto Bonds 1923 ...... 34% %
Ditto Account 7438 ' Ditto Account 34%
Oreek 80nd5.................... French Rentes, sp. c. —f —c.
Ditto 80nd5,1825, 3330 --- Exchange ...... —f. —c.
Ditto Account...." --41 per cent...—. —f —C.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent 314 ; Exchange ...... —f —c.
Ditto Account ..... " Dutch, 21 p. c. 51%
Litt o, 6 per cent 42 Ditto Account 51%14
Ditto Account. 4234 2 , Ditto, sp. c 96%
Neap01itan................."."..943{r , Ditto Account 965434

PRICES OF SHAKES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share,
Alton Mining Company £9 11%
Anglo Mex. Min. moo. kiss. at W. pm ) £lOO 9
Bolanos Mining Company .... ........ .....£l5O 130
Brazilian Mining Company 5 IK
Brazilian imp. MM. Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) £2O
Ditto Macaubas Cocaes j 20
Ditto St. John Del Rey
Cats Branca Mining Company 334
British Iron Minim. Comnany £so
Columbian Minin6 Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) 5214
English Mining Company 12%
Qeneral. Mining Association l2
Hibernian Mining Co. £lo
Mexican Mining Co. £4954
goal del Monte Mining Co....(unreg.) --.
Baited Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 21. pm.) 40
Ditto New Scrip 5
Alliance Fire Insurance Comp 0
Protector Insurance Comp.
Australian Co.
Canada Company .......... ....... .....
Owen] Steam Navigation Co. .....
National Provincial Bank of England 15

61U6„
19
6yR
31
10%
25

12g
34)6 5

11%
SI 7 0
314
484
15%
13%

MOH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning ... 4 minutes 'after 1. I Evening... 26 minutes after !.

R 0

THE NEW ROMANCE.
0 K W 00 D
is now ready :
and may be obtained of all Booksellers.

1.1%
f ••••••••41

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 5, 1834.

The second reading of the Poor Laws Bill
stands for this evening, but owing to the debate
on the Pension List, which will probably oc-
cupy the whole night, it will most likely be de-
ferred till to-morrow or Friday. Members will
thus have longer time to consider more fully the
provisions of a bill which is of the very first
importance, not to the landed interest only, but
to every person with or without property in the
kingdom. In discussing the principles of a bill
of such magnitude, it is not too much to ask mem-
bers to lay aside all party feeling—all local preju-
dices, and to forget, as an impartial and faith-
ful jury is bound to do, the attacks made on it
by public writers ; or at least endeavour to dis-
tinguish the objections founded on argument
from those raised for political or selfish pur-
poses. We have hardly known any measure—
not even the Reform Bill—of which such di-
versified opinions have been given ; one party
describing it as a well concocted and feasible plan
for abating the evils of the poor laws, while others
have branded it as a barefaced attempt to introduce
arbitrary government—to establish a second
Star Chamber—to concoct a sort of council of
bashaws with nine satellites, or, in the words of
Dr. SPRY, of Marylebone, as a " measure more
calculated than any other to destroy the liberties
of the country." It is not only a perversion of
language, but an unfair use of power and in-
fluence, for persons of his rank to make such
sweeping declarations without argument or
without any attempt to point out or re-
medy the defects, because vast numbers
will join in the howl, and follow in the
train of such leaders without giving one
thought on the subject, or taking the least trou-
ble to ascertain whether the measure, in place
of being bad, may not be one of the most rea-
sonable and of the most beneficial tendency.
We cannot help thinking that such persons
would be acting more as became their station
were they to join cordially with the govern-
ment in abating a system which, all admit, is
becoming every day more and more alarming,
in place of affording a pretext, nay a good ex-
cuse,for the selfish opposition of all the jobbers in
every parish—the robbers of the poor—the
town and village attorneys, anxious only for
parish litigation and lavish expenditure. The
great outcry is against the extensive powers—
the unlimited powers, as they are described—
to be intrusted to the Board of Commissioners.
Now, we cannot see how these powers can be
so alarming, when they are not only to be
placed under the control of the Government,
but under the control of Parliament—to require
the sanction of the Home Secretary, and to be
liable to the revision of both Houses every ses-
sion. Indeed, the checks appear to us so
strong, that no man with common sense could
venture with impunity to make any violent or
improper use of them. No rule can be made
without the sanction of the Government, or,what
amounts to the same, the Home Secretary,
and all the Commissioners and assistant Com-
missioners am removable at the pleasure of the
Crown. The Judges are appointed for life, or
as long as they perform their duty faithfully,
but these Commissioners have no such security
—they are as much under the control of Go-
vernment as Government is under the control
of Parliament, and may be dismissed with as
little ceremony as a cornet of dragoons, or a
lieutenant in the navy. But, independently of
the control of the Crown, there is another
check—namely, a board of guardians, who
are to be chosen by the rate payers, and the
owners of property in each parish, or
each district of united parishes. These guar-
dians are to appoint treasurers and other officers.
Without the consent of a majority of them, or a
majority of the rate-payers, no workhouses can
bq *) hp- - to ascertain and assess the
- Toot
,:‘,i,zat.. p (
e-.,1 • .
r.
teable to the relief of the
sment is to be subject, as
1 before the justices at
essions. Strong objec•
, '-, a sed to the clause whirl

empowers the commissioners to commit persons
for contempt, but it is quite clear they must
have some means of enforcing their orders, else
the board would be a pure nullity. This
clause, however, is liable to objection_a li-
mited fine would answer all the purposes. An
appeal, too, to the quarter-sessions, or some
superior court, ought possibly to be allowed
in more cases, and the severity of some
of the clauses might easily be so modified
in committee, as to, obviate all reasonable
objections, but it is quite evident these modifi-
cations cannot be made unless the subject be
discussed with calmness and impartiality, and
recourse be had rather to argument than
strong assertions and violent denunciations.
Nothing is more easy than to raise an outcry
against a measure in which so many selfish
interests are involved. A similar outcry was
raised against the Police Bill, and re-echoed by
the same parish authorities and their supporters,
but the Government had the firmness to per-
severe, and that bill is now almost by universal
consent admitted to be the most just and bene-
ficial measure ever adopted for the protection of
the metropolis. We trust the Whig Govern-
ment will show the same courage as their pre-
decessors, and press on some measure of this
description, which is not only imperiously de-
manded by the metropolis, but by the whole
country.

The Tories have, we regret to find, tri-
umphed in Perthshire. They do not like a
joint-stock university, but see no impropriety
in a joint-stock purse. A Tory Lord, who did

their business in Perthshire, will understand
us. We are told that the arrangements for the
return of Sir GEORGE were made long before
the death of the Marquis of BREADALBANE,
and that some noble persons were willing to
agree to lower their rents, in order to restore
the Tory reign in this county.

It is said that, on hearing of the above event,
the Chancellor of the University of Oxford was
nearly distracted at his apprehensions of so vi-
rulent a church and college reformer, as Sir
GEORGE MURRAY now is, coming into
Parliament. He knows the value of any de-
claration from that gallant commander,
better than the electors of Perthshire. The
nature, and the inflexibility of their
principleb, is thoroughly understood be-
tween those great military politicians. Indeed
the singular consistency with which they op-
posed and supported, resisted, connived at, and
espoused (for they did all three) the repeal of
the Test Act and Catholic Emancipation, and
the readiness they have always shown to treat
both parliamentary and ecclesiastical reform in
the same manly, honourable, and straight-for-
ward manner, is the great bond of union be-
tween them and the Tories, and it is that qua-

lity which inspires such entire confidence in all
their actions and designs, and endears them
to such disciples of the DUNDAS school in
Scotland as the progress of improvement has
left. To the same trait of character they are pro-
bably indebted for the anxiety which some Dis-
senters are said to manifest for their return to
power. Possibly Sir GEORGE has only been
doing in Perthshire what one of the same party
did in Ireland previous to the Noble Duke's
recommendation of Catholic emancipation.
The latter is very fond of prompt and effective
measures, and there may possibly be some un-
derstanding between him and Mr. WILK s,
that if the present Ministers can be turned out
on the Church Rate Bill with the aid of Dis-
senters, his Grace will recommend to his
Majesty to break up the alliance between the
Church and the State. Dr. PHILLPOTTS
may have found out that there is nothing in
the King's oath to prevent his acquiescence in
such a measure, and provided all the good
things are left to the clergy, and the control
of Parliament is removed from the Church,
some other distinguished persons, as well as
Lord HENLEY and his friends among the dis-
senters, may think such a step unobjectionable.
We confess we shall not be greatly surprised at
a coalition between the Duke, Lord HENLEY,
and some of the dissenters, on an understanding

that Church and State are to be severed-.
But what will be done with the Pension List ?
Will Mrs. ARBUTHNOT be sacrificed? Or
will Mr. HARVEY form part of the coalition
Ministry?

We have heard, that in case King, Lords,
and Commons should declare Dissenters ad-
missible to the education and honours given at
our existing Universities, the tutors at Oxford
have resolved to strike work, in imitation of the
journeymen tailors, and we fear that, instead of
following the excellent and praiseworthy example
of the master tailors, whose conduct cannot be
too highly commended, the Heads of Houses
will support their journeymen in this act of
contumacy. How little has Oxford changed
since King CHARLES'S golden days. The fa-
mous decree is indeed burnt ; but the sparks or
dying embers thereof still animate the mass.
" Onznia nzutantur nihil interit."

The right divine is transferred from the
throne to the colleges, and from passive obe-
dience the transition is but slight to the passive
resistance which it is now about to proclaim.
How comes it that while all around is in mo-
tion, this venerable gentlewoman stands for ever
still ? If she ever submits to innovation, the
improvement, whatever it be, must have ac-
quired in some degree the stamp of antiquity
before it is admitted within her walls. There
are many creatures so framed by nature, that,
like the hunted hare, their eyes are continually
turned backwards, and never forwards. It is a
subject of wonder how Oxford was so soon re-
conciled to the Reformation.

It appears, from a Sunday Paper, that up to
a late hour on Saturday, the Journeymen
Tailors' Union had not given way. Such,
however, is said to be the want of confidence
among them, that the men are ordered to muster
four times a day at their respective lodges, when
their names are called over. The design is, of
course, to prevent their working. The allow-

ance is reduced to Bs. per week, out of which a
fine of 2s. 6d. is deducted from those who are
absent at the call-over. This cannot last long.

If they have large funds, why should the men
receive such a pittance ? We suppose that their
leaders may be well paid. They talk of inade-
quate wages—what comparison does this allow-
ance bear to their actual wages when at work ?
The injustice and tyranny of the Union Lords
will soon be found insupportable.. The master
tailors have only to continue firm. They de-
serve well of their country.

We are happy to learn that a select committee
of the House of Commons has agreed to recom-
mend a vote of .5,000/. to the gallant Capt. Ross.

It appears by accounts from Zurich, dated
April 26, that the King of BAVARIA has de-
clined the proposal made to his government by
the Directing Canton to renew commercial re-
lations. The reason assigned is the engage-
ments he has made with the German States
who have joined in the new commercial union,
and the late political occurrences in Switzerland.
The few Poles remaining in the Canton of
Berne have applied to the Council to seek an
asylum for them in Belgium.
The Prince DE LIGNE has arrived at Frank-
fort from Belgium.

The French Papers of Saturday and yes-
terday's date have been received. Paris is
tranquil. The Chamber of Deputies reduced
the grant for Algiers 250,000 francs (10,0001.)
Marshal SOULT wished to form two camps at
Versailles and Compiegne. One only is to be
formed. Another is to be formed at Lyons.

According to an article from Cairo, in the
Allgemeine Zeitung, the trade of Syria is very
bad, and its resources exhausted by the war
and the demands of MEHEMET Am. The
crops are represented as being universally small,
owing to the drain of agricultural labourers.
Several of the European Consuls, residing at
Alexandria, have accompanied MEHEMET ALI
to Cairo. The PACHA will go to Alexandria
this month.

MEHEMET may help the country and re-
plenish his own treasury by some arrangement
with the Jews, who are to this day as anxious
to reside in the land of their fathers as ever.
If his government affords them effectual protec-
tion, they will go from all parts of the world,
and establish commercial relations, which Eng-
land may turn to good account.

The Journal de la Haye, of` the 2d inst.,
states, that M. THomsoN, bookseller at Rot-
terdam, was arrested on the 30th, the presses of

his printing office put under seal, and all his
papers seized. It adds, that from information
received at Rotterdam, it appears that M.
THomsoN, who was the editor of the Etandard,
was in correspondence with one of the Belgian
ministers, and that it was supported by assist-
ance from Brussels.

The speech of the Dutch Minister, in closing
the session, seems to indicate a speedy settle-
ment with Belgium. A Cabinet Minister
(Jurro T) had arrived from Vienna.
The same paper states, that "on the 24th
of November, shocks of an earthquake had been
felt at Batavia, Palambang, and Singapore.
At Menado, in Celebes, the whole of the
Chinese camp and part of the adjacent native
plantations were destroyed by fire in August last.
DUTCH FUNDS—AMSTERDAM, MAY 2.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Amort Syndic, 4% per cent. 89% to 923
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent. 72% to 73
Loan of 1830, 5 per cent lOO to 101
Ditto, 183 a 2nd 1833, 5 per Cent 965,; to 97
Exchange on London 12 15 12 12 5-10
Ditto, two months 12 10 1207 5-10

The King of DENMARK is adopting a just
and wise course, with regard to the Danish
islands in the West Indies. By an ordinance
of the 18th, all distinctions between the free
subjects of the KING, with regard to colour,
are abolished. Those people of colour who
may hereafter obtain their freedom, are to be
placed in the full enjoyment of equal civil rights
after they have conducted themselves in an un-
exceptionable manner for three years, and the
same rule is to apply to coloured people coming
from other countries. The Government is to
give a certificate of their good conduct.

The President of the German Diet, Count
VON MUNCH BELLINGHAUSEN, has pur-
chased a splendid house in Vienna, where it is
inferred that he will cease to act in that capa-
city. The deliberations of the conference are
still kept secret. Dr. WIRTH was conveyed
on the night of the 22d to the prison at Kai-
serslautern. On the way sixteen persons rushed
out of a thicket, and fired on the carriage, kill-
ing one of the horses and wounding one of the
gendarmes. Dr. WIRTH remained in the car-
riage declaring to the assailants that he would
not take advantage of liberty so obtained.

The American papers to the Ist of April
have reached us. It appears that a great stir
has been caused by the stoppage of the Bank
of Maryland, in Baltimore. A run was made
on the Union Bank, Washington,.on the 24th.

The Brussels Papers state that Captain
BEAULIEU, aide-de-camp to General GOBLET,
has left Brussels for Berlin to resume his office
as Charge d' Affaires. It is reported that M.
MEULENAERE will be appointed Minister
Plenipotentiary to Berlin in the room of M.
GOBLET.

The rail-road bill has received the royal
assent and the work is to commence in A
fortnight.
The Franc Parleur says there is no idea whatever
of demolishing the fortifications of our frontier towns,
for between the 16th of last March and to-day, the
usual contracts have been made for keeping in order
from the Ist of May (this day) to the 30th of April
next year, the military buildings, bridges, and roads
of Mons, Charleroi, Philippville, Marienburg, Namur,
Dinant, Arlon, Tournay, Ath, and Bouillon.

. . _
BELGIAN FUNDS.—BRUSSELS, MAY 1.
Actual Debt, 2 IA per Cent. 5l
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent 97
Loan of the City, 1832, 4 per Cent 93 Y 4
—Brussels Papers, May 1.

A little, pompous, dumpy gentleman was
telling that he had applied for an addition to his arms•
I would advise you," said a sarcastic friend, to
get one at the same time for your legs."

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

THIS DAY, MONDAY, MAY 5.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKEA took the chair at the usual hour.
The Poolbridge and Hebborn Railway Bills were read a
third time.
A petition was presented by Mr. GILLON, from
Lanark, in favour of the Wishaw Railway Bill, and one
against portions of the Lanark Railway Bill.
Mr. EWEN brought up the report of the Glasgow
and Shotts road. The amendments were read a second time.
Mr. HARLAND submitted the report of the Hartle-
pool Railway Bill.
The Glastonbury Parishes Bill was read a third time.
A petition was presented by Mr. CHILDERS from
masters of vessels, against the Wisbeach Improvement
Bill.
The report of the Southampton Railway Bill was
brought up by Mr. SHAWE LEFEVRE.
The Grand Junction Railway Bill was read a third time,
on the motion of Mr. WILSON PATTEN.

--
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition in favour of
the Hammersmith Parish Bill. -
On the motion of Mr. ROBINSON the British Ame-
rican Land Bill was read a third time.

Mr. TENNYSON presented a petition against the
South London Waterworks.
CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY.

Mr. HUTT did not rise for the purpose of entering into
any discussion on the subject of the petition presented to
the house on Friday last by the right hon. gentleman.
But as a member of the Cambridge senate, he could
not forbear expressing his surprise that such a peti-
tion should have been presented to the house at
all, and especially that it had been presented by
the right hon. gentleman the member for the university,
of Cambridge. When he (Mr. H.) was an under-gra-
duate at that university, an attempt was made by the un-
dergraduates to petition that house in favour of the Ca-
tholic claims, but the effort was immediately and impera-
tively put down by the public authorities—it was de-
nounced as a proceeding altogether at variance with aca-
demical discipline, and the severest penalties which the
university could inflict were threatened if the effort were
proceeded with. The university, it seemed, hadnow changed
their views on this subject, it was now quite proper, and
in accordance with the discipline of the university, to sign
petitions in the cause of bigotry and intolerance, although,
when in better time, and in better spirit, it was attempted
to further the cause of civil and religious hberty, the effort
was loudly censured by the authorities.
Mr. GOULBURN said, that the hon. member did
not seem to be aware that the petition, which he had the
honour to present, had been circulated in the university,
and that no compulsion had been used in getting it up.
Mr. HAWKINS (as we understood) said, that if any
inference could be drawn from the petition, it was that the
students had departed from the usual strictness of aca-
demical discipline. On a former occasion, the heads of
the university had opposed the introduction of any peti-
tion, and now they had come forward to petition against
the admission of dissenters. It was a proof that these
persons were not always consistent.
Mr. GOULBURN said when he presented the pew
tition, he had himself deprecated the departure from aca-
demical discipline. But when one portion of the members
had• thought proper to present a petition, the other must
surely be excused for a similar departure from the usual
custom, or submit to the imputation of having compro-
mised their principles.
Mr. LLOYD said if any inference could be drawn-from
the petition presented by the right hon. member, it was
that the young men who who had signed it had been edu-
cated after a very exclusive fashion.
After a few words from Mr. GODSON, the petition
was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER wished to ascertain the sense of the
house as to the course which should be adopted relative to
the presentation of petitions from dissenters against church
rates. He believed it was understood that they would be
presented this morning.
After a few words from Mr. WILKS and Sir
GEORGE GREY,

Colonel HANMER presented a petition from Ayles-
bury in support of the established church.
Mr. GILLON complained that hon. members who had
petitions on various subjects to present, would be deprived
of the opportunity of doing so if none but dissenters peti-
tions were received. It would put an end to the business
of the house if such a course was adopted.
Mr. TOOKE said he had been 14 or 15 days waiting
for an opportunity to present petitions; which the proposed
arrangement would prevent his doing.
The SPEAKER said if the hon. members had been in
their places, they would have been aware that the arrange-
ment to which he had alluded had been made on a former
day. (Hear.) He left it to hon. members to exercise
their own discretion as to the presentation of petitions upon
which discussion was likely to arise.
Mr. G. EVANS presented a petition from a place in
the county of Dublin, against the Kingtown Railway Bill.
The hon. member said he had a petition to present from
the fishermen of Skerries, but as the right hon. the Se-
cretary for Ireland was not in his place, he would not pre-
sent it on the present occasion.
Mr. GODSON presented a petition from Kiddermin-
ster, praying for a remission of the sentence passed on the
Dorchester unionists ; also one from the same place,
signed by 1,360 persons, praying for a repeal of the corn
laws.
Mr. BETHEL presented several petitions from places
in the county of York, against any alteration in the corn
laws ; also, a petition from the corporation of Hull, against
the General Registry Bill ; and another petition from the
clergy, gentry, and freeholders, of the county of York,
against the Sluice Bill.
DISSENTERS' PETITIONS.

Sir G. GREY ires;nted petitions from the dissenters
of Devonport, and various other places, praying for relief.
Also, from the clergy and inhabitants of Stonehouse, for
the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. TOOKE presented a petition from the dissenters
of Truro, 'p,,cying for relief ; and from the dissenters
of Bushey, and various other places, to the same effect.
The hon. member said that he felt strongly, in common
with the whole body of dissenters, the disappointment they
had experienced in the measure of relief that was held out
to them, particularly in that crude abortion, the Marriage
Bill. The same hon. member presented two petitions from
the parishes of St. George the Martyr, and St. Andrew's,
Holborn—one against the Poor Laws' Amendment Bill,
and the other against the Parish Vestries'Amendment Bill.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the
deputies of 100 dissenting congregations within 12 miles of
London, expressing their surprise and disappointment at the
measure brought forward for their relief. The petitioners
were men of great wealth, influence, and high character ;
their opinion therefore ought to have weight in that
house. They concluded by stating, that unless something
more was done than was proposed by the present bill, the
Dissenter would still have great cause to complain. The
hon. member presented petitions from two dissenting
congregations in London, to the same effect.
Mr. WILKS supported the petition, which he said
was signed by upwards of one hundred of the deputies of
the different congregations of the metropolis. It was
agreed to at a meeting where the utmo§t unanimity pre-
vailed, and the firmest declarations of their full intention
to demand their rights ; and they. found a difficulty in re-
pressing the expressions of their indignation at the line of
conduct pursued by his Majesty's government towards
them. (Hear.) In fact there was scarcely a town
or parish in the kingdom in which the dissenters were
not prepared specifically to petition for the removal
of their disabilities, and especially for relief from church
rates. If they were disregarded and disappointed, they
would be compelled to come forward in a more decided
manner, because they would naturally be led to inquire
into the source of the evils of which they complained, and
on discovering that the source of all their grievances was
the :intolerance of the church, it would not be wonder-
ful if they were heard in united millions demanding
the separation of church and state. (Hear, hear.)
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said there were two objections
generally urged on this question of church rates—one was
that the means already at the disposal of the church were
sufficient to support it. But that was no argument. It
was neither expedient, nor wise, nor just, to insist that the
church should maintain itself out of the funds it al-
ready possesses, without the aid of government. But
the objection urged now, by the honourble member,
was one of principle, that persons differing fromthe church
in religious opinions ought not to be compelled to support
it. It might be very right, certainly, fon' dissenters to
argue thus, but it was a principle utterly subversive of the
of the church establishment. (Hear, hear.) He was
sorry to see Protestant dissenters were pushing the
government on to a decision on the question of the
separation of the church and state ; on that question
his mind was made up, and his line decided on. He was
for removing any practical grievances, but he was for
maintaing a church establishment, and would decidedly
oppose anything that went to subvert it.
Mr. HUME said he had eight petitions from England,
Ireland, and Scotland, praying each for the removal of dif-
ferent grievances, and some for the separation of the church
and state. The noble lord ought to consider the line of pro-
ceeding he had chalked out for himself. He thought an esta-
blished church ought to exist in each country, but that
church should be founded on the doctrines of the majority
of the people. Domestic peace was a great point to se-
cure, and did the noble lord think that the myriads
of dissenters in this country would sit down quietly,
and make no effort to be relieved from the griev-
ances of which they justly complain? (Hear, hear. )
His (Mr. H.'s) desire was not that any unreasonable con-
cession should be made, but what was consistent with jus-
tice. The advance of piety was not as great as might be
expected, considering the large means enjoyed by the
established church for that purpose The measures intro-
duced by the noble lord (John Russell) were ineffective
in adjusting the difficulties that attended the proper redress
of grievances, and preserve the intetests of the Church.
He (Mr. H.) was not for taking away the property of
the Church ; he only wished to see that property fairly dis-
tributed (Hear) ; he wished to do away with pluralities. All

violent changes were bad, but to prevent them something
should be done to satisfy the demands of the dissenters.
Mr. HARVEY said he was anxious to read an extract
from a letter he had received from a dissenting clergyman
in Carlisle, complaining of the inefficiency of Lord John
Russell's Mock Relief Bill, and Lord Althorp's unrighteous
measure in affording relief to dissenters. The plea of
supporting the established church because it was a national
religion, was a very weak one ; in fact, the Roman Catho-
lic religion was really the national religion : it was the
oldest religion, except paganism. (Great laughter. )
The established church would fall, unless supported by
salutary measures. He agreed in the observation made a
few mornings since by the hon. member for Lambeth, that
the kingdom of God was not of this world, but every
church connected with the state was of this world.
Mr. FINCH agreed with the hon. member who had
spoken last, that the kingdom of our Saviour was not of
this world, but he knew of no connection between church-
rates and religion. The church was not opposed to im-
provement which would tend to promote its religious in-
terests. Its members were opposed to the taxation of the
clergy and the distinction of bishoprics ; but if any
plan of real and substantial improvement was intro-
duced, whether it related to pluralities, or non-
residence, or any matters of that nature, he (Mr. Finch)
and those who thought with him, would, instead of oppos-
ing it, give it their cordial sanction and support. (Hear. )
The tax of which the dissenters complained did not average
3d. per head on the whole population of the empire. Ile
believed that no measure introduced by government would
satisfy the dissenters. Nothing would satisfy them but
a separation between the church and the state. (Hear.)
At future elections the cry would no longer be " Whig"
or Tory," but " Church, or no Church." (Hear, and a
laugh.) If the hon. member knew any thing of the prin-
ciple upon which a church establishment was founded, it
was that the Government, believing a religion te, be true,
should endeavour to promote and protect it. If the Ro-
man Catholic religion.was true, could the Protestant be.
at the same time true ? If the Protestant religion was
true, must not the Roman Catholic be founded in error?
He (Mr. Finch) must therefore protest against such ob-
servations proceeding from the mouth of an honourable
member professing the Protestant religion. (Mr. O'Con-
nell here made an observation.) He was not arguing with
the hon. and learned member for Dublin, for he thought
that house should not be the arena for theological discus-
sion. (Hear.) It was a fact that in many places the
Protestant population had not church room, and he hoped
that one of the first measures the government would bring
in, would be one for the multiplication of churches.
Mr. HUME explained.
Mr. O'CONNELL agreed that the Catholic church
ought not to be the established church of Ireland, for a
very different reason to that given by the hon. member,
namely, because he thought it the true church, and he
was convinced that the true church was always in-
jured by any connection with the state. (Hear, hear. )
As to the rights of the dissenters of England he thought
their entire demands ought to be conceded ; they had as
good a right to be dissenters as the hon. member had to
be a protestant. The hon. member for Stamford said that
it was honest in the dissenters to ask for the separation of
church and state. It was a new maxim that honesty was
not the best policy. (A laugh.) He (Mr. O'Connell)
was convinced that the dissenters would never get any
thing granted unless they asked for it, and boldly too.
As far as he could he would vote for every extension of re-
lief the dissenters asked, but he was ready to condemn their
conduct, and he had a right to do so, with respect to the
sabbath observance bill. The principle was that the
cha-ch and state should be separated • that the state should
not interfere with religion ; that there should be no Act
of Parliament piety, and yet called upon that house
to legislate fo i the better observance of the sab-
bath. (Hear, hear, hear.) Now what could be
more inconsistent than this—they objected to the principle
of a connection between church and state, and, in the
same breath, they called for the interference of the
State in a matter that should be wholly religious.
Shame upon the Dissenters for supporting any legislative
enactment interfering with religious faith or practice !
They disgrace their sacred cause, and come down
from the high ground of their sacred prin-
ciples. (Hear, hear.) He could not but express
his dislike and astonishment at that kind of liberality which
was expressed, and which just went to the extent of the
Thirty-nine Articles, and that, too, by those who cut off
the last 12 articles of the creed of Pope Pius IV. ; but as
soon as the unfortunate dissenter took up the same scissors
to cut off from the 39 they were scouted and denounced.
(Hear, and laughter. )
Sir EARDLEY WILMOT said it would be desirable
to have a return of all the sinecures and salaries in the
church, for which no service was performed, and that he
would propose, instead of twenty-five years' purchase of
tithes, the term should be twenty-six years ; and that
each incumbent should support their respective churches,
both inside and outside.
Mr. GALLON agreed with the hon. member behind
him (Mr. Finch) that the time would soon come when
the question would not be Whig or Tory, but church or
no church. (Hear.) He trusted the dissenters would
not depend upon the promises of ministers, but
would never rest till they had obtained an entire and full
separation of church and state. (Hear.)
Sir D. SANDFORD, whenever the subject was
brought properly before the house for discussion,
would be enabled to show then, that what the
dissenters now asked for was a plunder of property (Hear,
hear, and cries of " No, no,") and a total disregard of all
rights.
After a few words from Mr. HUME,
. _

Mr. AGLIONBY was anxious to know what the sepa-
ration of church and state meant. In Ireland the church
should certainly have no alliance with the state.
Mr. F. SHAW presented three petitions from places
in Ireland for a better observance of the Sabbath ' • likewise
two against the practice of fish-curing ; one from Cumber-
land against the Registry Bill ; and one from Newport
against the Reciprocity Duties.
Mr. JAMES EWING presented four petitions ; three
from the county of Devon, and one from the town of
Pembroke, for the better observance of the Sabbath.—
Ordered to lie on the table.

v Mr. MARK PHILLIPS presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Manchester and its vicinity, dis-
senters and others, praying for a separation between
the church and state; to be relieved from the payment
of tithes and church rates, and that the bishops may be
excluded from sitting in the House of Lords. The peti-
tion was signed by 32,000 persons. The hon. member
cordially supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. GISBORNE supported the petition.
After a few words from Sir T. WROTTESLEY, Mr. Max-
WELL, and Mr. M. PHlLmers in explanation, the peti-
tion was ordered to lie on the table.
It being three o'clock, the Speaker left the chair.

About 90,0001. in silver and copper coin
has already been sent out to the British West India
Islands, and about 300,000/. more is to be sent out as
opportunities occur. This money will be distributed
in payment to the troops, to the seamen, and in other
ways that require a coin circulation, the object being
to supersede the Spanish dollar, and its machinery of
calculation in the colonies exclusively English. This
has been already done with success at Halifax, Ber-
muda, and Newfoundland.

A few days since, as some men were digging,
the foundation for a house in the suburbs of Dorches-
ter, near the end of the North Walk, they found a
eoa
skeleton embedded in the chalk. It lay in a grave
east and west, and amongst the bones were picked up
four or five nails with little portions of a coffin. The
size of the bones indicated a man of middle stature ;
and from the perfectness of the teeth, both in the
upper seemsoaums
eethatsa personshleitmt must snt
lowerha dig-
gingv eThe
h
dieddow down,
a.
in
,thnd
etuhdrfeiolnuopgwndimarte jinw
lastof foundations for llf
year,
it
e.
found several other
some would
r
the
ske-
letons similarly embedded in the chalk, and near one
of them a small urn, which is still preserved by the
man who found it—Salisbury Herald.
NAUTICAL SERMON. When Whitfield
preached before the seamen at New York, he had the
following bold apostrophe in his sermon Well, my
boys, we have a clear sky, and are making fine head-
way over a smooth sea, before a light breeze, and we
shall soon lose sight of land. But what means this
sudden lowering of the heavens, and that dark cloud
arising from beneath the western horizon? Hark,
don't you hear distant thunder? Don't you see those
flashes of lightning ? There is a storm gathering !
Every man to his duty I How the waves dash against
the ship ! The air is dark I The tempest rages 1 Our
masts are gone ! The ship is on her beam ends What
next ?" It is said that the unsuspecting tars, reminded
of former perils on the deep, as if struck by the power
of magic, arose, with united voices and minds, and
exclaimed, " Take to the long boat."

Debate, real debate, is the characteristical
eloquence of the House of Commons ; and be assured
that the India-house, a vestry, a committee, and other
meetings of business are far better preparatory schools
for Parliament than debating societies are. In these
latter, self-possession and fluency may be learnt ; but
vicious habits of declamation, and of hunting for ap-
plause, are too often formed. I remember being told,
that in the first meetings of a society at a public school,
two or three evenings were consumed in debating whe-
ther the floor should be covered with a sail cloth or a
carpet ; and I have no doubt that better practice was
gained in these important discussions than in those
that soon followed on liberty, slavery, passive obedi-
ence, and tyrannicide. It has been truly said, that
nothing is so unlike a battle as a review.—Sharp's
Letters and Essays.

rift • they are to
pfdpeEty rate
r, a. d
lresent, to apl3sea
y or gencrafl s(
s lave been -fraiF.
