mated at 60,000 men, and that of hussars at 35,000.—The other
corps of cavalry are proportionally effective. The Polish army
must besides put itself in motion immediately after the opening
of the campaign.
SMYRNA, MAY 9.—The news from Scio came down to the
6th of this month. The Capitan Pacha had sent Deputies to
Samos to offer pardon to the inhabitants. The number of in-
habitants'of Scio who took refuge at ipsara and Hydra, are
stated at from 12 to 15,000. The Greeks had conveyed to this
last island Prince Logotheti in chains ; he was to be transport.
ed thence to the Morea, to be tried for having transgressed the
orders or instructions of the Government of the Morea. Thirty
Greek Insurgent vessels were in the waters of the Scio ; the
Turkish squadron expected a new division from Constantinople.
There prevails great agitation on the seas. No other houses
are standing in the town of Scio, but those of the agents of
European nations.

FRENCH FUNDS.-JUNE 19.
Five per Cents.
Closed at 9l f. c.
Bank Stock ~..1627 f. 50 c.
Exchange on London--One Month... 25 f. 50 c•
Three Months 25 f. 30 c.
PETERSBINIGH, MAY 25.—There are a multitude of Eng-
lish Officers in the train of artillery of the grand Turkish army
of the Danube. A Russian Journal, published at Moscow,
says, on this subject, that it is incredible that the subjects of
one of the most civilised nations of Europe should be in the
pay of so barbarous a people.—( Ilambitrs,rit Gazette.)
( Extract from a Private Letter.) _
BAYONNE, JUNE 14.—Almost all the Spanish Royalists
who have taken refuge in our town have received orders to re-
pair to Auch. 'We have only here the General of the Ca-
puchins and two Brothers, and General Abrio. General
Eguis, on account of his great age and his infirmities, has also
obtained permission to remain. Notwithstanding this measure,
which marks the desire of the French Government to main-
tain peace, our merchants daily receive from their correspond-
ents of Spain, orders to stop all commercial undertakings by
sea and land. They write from Valencia that the 00 insur-
gent artillerymen were directed by the Baron de Las Liores.
It is said that General Elio blew out his brains. This news is
not probable.—( Journal des Debats.)
Nu REMBERG, JUNE 6.—The affair in the East can scarcely
be terminated without a considerable crisis for the Turkish
Empire. If the Greeks recover at length their independence,
at least in the provinces where they form the majority of the in-
habitants, the Turkish Empire will be not a little shaken : if the
latter power succeed in subjecting, by degrees, the provinces
which are in a state of insurrection, the result will be a war of ex-
termination against the men, and a general slavery for the
women and children, according to the barbarous usages of that
country, and the Cross will disappear in these countries con-
verted into deserts. But it is impossible for civilised Europe to
suffer on its territory such an organised system of cruelty, at
least from what we are authorised to believe of the Holy Al-
liance,
by which the principles of Christian morality are equally
applied to nations and to Monarchs. In that case the Turkish
Government will be obliged to give a guarantee for the observ-
ance of Treaties, and of the principles of the law of nations in
Europe. But is it sincere enough for that? can it, with the
best intentions as to furnishing such a guarantee, secure itself 1
or the Greeks against the fury of the hordes of plunderers and
assassins who crowd to its aid ? This is not at all probable ;
for who does not know how weak despotism is under extraordi-
nary circumstances ? Anarchy, at length, in a part of Europe,
would necessarily lead to the interference of the European
Powers, and to indispensable changes, the period of which can
only be fixed by the decrees of Providence.
A uGSBURG, TUNE 11.—The Universal Gazette contains
an article from Marseilles of 30th May, which states, on the
authority of letters from Corfu, that Napoli di Romania, one
of the largest fortresses in the Morea, has fallen into the hands
of the Greeks. The same letters renew the report mentioned
in some of the Journals, of a naval victory having been ob-
tained by the Greeks over the Turks. The Greek fleet, they
say, attacked the Turks between Scio and Ypsara, destroyed
all their transports, and put the rest of the squadron to flight.
JUNE 13.—We have received letters direct from Petersburg,
announcing that the Emperor, after having reviewed the
Guards at Minsk, will proceed direct to Mohilow,'the head-
quarters of the Army of the West.
AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, JUNE 14.—Letters from Trieste an.
flounce, that the Egyptian troops who had been landed on the
Isle of Candia have been completely defeated, and forced to
re-embark with the utmost precipitation.

German Papers have also arrived. The only
article of importance they contain is dated Corfu,
May 2, in which it is stated that Martial Law,
which had been proclaimed in the lonian Islands,
has been repealed. It adds, however, that Spe-
cial Commissioners have been appointed to decide
on the punishment to be inflicted on those who
take or have taken part in the Greek cause,
frOm whose decision there shall be no appeal.

A Mail from Holland arrived yesterday.—The
States General having rejected the Finance Pro-
ject submitted to them, the KING has sent an
angry message, in which he informs them that in
consequence of their refusal he finds it necessary
to add a capital sum of 57,500,000 florin to the
actual debt, which will produce in the Budget a
new annual burden of 1,725,000. The Dutch
papers are almost entirely filled with the ac-
counts of the excesses committed by the Turks
in Thessaly ; but they relate altogether to those
affairs the detail of which we have already
published.

- The private letters from Paris this morning
confirm the marching of troops in all directions
for the frontiers of Spain : it is supposed at Paris
that this army is assembled only for the purpose
of preventing the revolutionary principle:, of the
Spaniards from getting into the South of France.

The following is an abstract of a letter, dated
the beginning of April, from Rio Janeiro :
The country is tranquil, and the Bank stands pretty well
in the estimation of the merchants. Confidence is gradually
becoming restored, and business has improved a little since the
departure of the troops. Any serious misunderstanding with
Portugal we do rot apprehend, and the circumstance of this
country having an acknowledged heir to the Throne at the head
of the Go;-ernment, gives us strong confidence of our future
prosperity ; those changes which have occurred in the Spanish
revolutionized provinces are not likely to influence this country,
as the Prince is always referred to in any proposed change of
system ; he forms a centre of attraction, to which things will
ultimately gravitate, and preserve* consistency in the measures
of Government, which has been acknowledged in the pro-
vince."

Though we are at all times averse to the
disgusting practice of egotism, yet we have obvi-
ously a right to take some credit to ourselves for
having, through the medium of most valuable
Correspondents, as well as by our own exertions,
manifested a firm and conspicuous consistency
in supporting our admirable Establishment in
Church and State, against the attempts to re-
store POPERY to political power in this Protest-
ant Empire.—The fate of the Roman Catholic
Peers' Bill, which was rejected last night in the
House of Lords, by a majority of 42, justifies the
confidence with which all the members of our
orthodox Church looked towards the hereditary
Counsellors of the State, for a due maintenance of
the British Constitution, political and ecclesias-
tical, against the return of a Power which would
deem it an act of religious duty to effect the total
demolition of that system of Government to which
we owe all our greatness and security. Before
we conclude with expressing our sincere congra-
tulation to the Protestant community for this
happy result, we ought to pay due homage to the
Earl of LIVERPOOL, as the head of the Admi-
nistration, for the firmness and zeal which he
has displayed in the sacred cause of our Reli-
gion; to our truly venerable LoItD CJIAN
