LONDON:
FRIDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 9, 1835.

The Post consoles itself, we are afraid with a vain
hope, that the rise in the price of wheat which we
yesterday noticed, is the result of a conspiracy of
jobbers. What jobbers have been buying largely in
the London market for the manufacturing districts ?
If that Journal consults the records of Mark-lane, it
will find that considerable purchases have been made
in that market for the last fortnight for Yorkshire and
Lancashire. Last week the sale in London was
6,252 quarters, in Essex it was 3,512, in Cambridge
3,469, inYorkshire 16,271; and over such quantities the
jobbers can exercise no influence. They will in fact wait
till the corn is chiefly got out of the hands of the agri-
culturists at as low a price as possible before they begin to
act on the averages, and when the agriculturist, who
must sell, has brought his corn to market, then will
come the real famine prices. We have no wish to
create alarm, but, according to the best calculation, the
country will require from abroad nearly three millions
of quarters of wheat for next year's consumption, and
where it is to be got, we believe even the landlords
cannot tell. They admit that cultivation has not in-
creased, though the population has augmented five
millions ; their own report states that "the country is
now annually dependent for a portion of its supply
on importations from abroad," and their law ef-
fectually prohibits foreigners from growing corn for our
people. They are preparing starvation for the indus-
trious classes, and decay and ruin for the empire.

County meetings for the abolition of tithes in Ire-
land follow each other in rapid succession. One was
to be held yesterday in Tipperary, another will be held
in a few days in Kerry, and before the meeting of
Parliament the epidemic will have spread itself over
ever county in the south and west and east, and pos-
sibly also may extend even to the Protestant north,
where the members of. the Established Church are
far outnumbered by Catholics and Presbyterians.
Some of the speakers at the meetings already held, ap-
peared to be in favour of setting apart a portion of the
tithe for other than religious, purposes, such as relief of
the poor or a general system of national education for
the benefit of all classes and sects, but the main object
of the landowners and tenants, and peasantry, no one
now can deny, is to abolish tithe under any
We have ever been opposed to such
a system of robbery on the part of the land-
lords, because they have no more claim to the
tithes than they have to the Bishop's lands ; but
it must be admitted, at the same time, that they have
made fair offers for settling the question in an equitable
manner, and that they are driven to this alternative by
the obstinate folly of the enemies of Ireland ? England
and Scotland, too have set them the example of robbing the
funds of their National Churches, and they therefore
cannot consider themselves guilty of a great crime in
taking a portion of the revenue of a Church which
the great body of the people regard as a badge of
slavery, and as the main cause of their degradation. It
is a matter of fact, too, which cannot be refuted, that
if the Episcopal and glebe lands were properly
managed, ample provision might be made, without one
farthing from tithes, for the entire Protestant popula-
tion of Ireland. According to returns made to Par.
liameut, the total extent of land belonging to the dif-
ferent Sees is about 670,000 acres, and taking that at
even the lowest calculation made by Mr. M'CUL-
LOCH, 6s. the acre, the gross rental would amount to
201,0001. The whole expense of maintaining the Pres-
byterian Church in Scotland does not exceed that sum,
and if that provides religious instruction for 2 millions
of Scotchmen, reckoning the Dissenters and Catholics
at half a million, why should it not be sufficient for
700,000 Irishmen ? But the Irish Church is so
utterly indefensible, and its supporters are so deaf to
reason, that we only waste words on the subject.
Facts alone will teach them ; and those the Irish land-
lords are in a fair way of submitting for their consideration.

name.

It appears from a circular lately issued by the Arch-
bishop of YORK to the Bishops of that province, that
that Prelate at least has become sensible of the mis-
chievous consequences arising from the non-residence
of the Clergy, and is desirous of applying a remedy to
the evil. Happy had it been for the interests of the
Establishment had the attention of the ecclesiastical
authorities been long ago directed to this abuse, which
has been, perhaps, the most fruitful source of the un-
popularity, and consequent decay, into which the state
religion has fallen.

In the document to which we have alluded, the
Archbishop, inculcates upon his mitred brethren the
necessity of strictly enforcing the provisions of the
Act recently passed for securing the residence of the
parochial Clergy within their benefices. In order the
better to effect this purpose, he suggests that where
there is no house on a benefice, the Incumbent shall
be enjoined to apply to his Diocesan for a license to
enable him to reside in a private house, within not
more than three miles of his Church, which is to be
held, to all intents and purposes, a " legal residence."
This regulation will, no doubt, deprive many of the
holy farmers of benefices of their only excuse for neg-
lecting their duty.

The Herald after taking a day to think about the
matter, has put forth a lame apology for its vile asser-
tion, that the manufacturers of Manchester, by seeking
a repeal of the Corn-laws, want to rob arid ruin the
landlords and farmers. In the article there is one asser-
tion only which we think it our duty to notice. It
is this:—

If the tax, which is the produce of the Corn-laws' is to
be be scornfully denied the name of property, what, let us ask,
is to be said in reference to those taxes,
O. THE FUNDSf
are representative? Is it the doctrine of our Contemporary,
that to describe the produce of the fund taxes, as property, is
ridiculous? Or, what distinctive character does our Contem_.
