[NEW TIMES.]

We have made no small exertion to lay before
the public a valuable mass of matter relative to
the West Indian Controversy. The proCeedings
of the Meeting of Planters and Meichants held
yesterday in the City will convince every person
that a far different spirit prevails in this country
from that which agitates the Colonies. rn the
Jamaica House of Assembly, consisting df 35
Members present, we find his 'Majesty called
upon to dismiss his present Minister's for irnbe-

cility ; and we hear Lord Bathurst charged with
" natural incapacity," and with having intro-
duced " revolutionary principles !" Whether
this language is to be called absurd or violent we
will not dispute; but we rejoice to observe that
nothing approaching to it in either of those
qualities is to be found in the proceedings of yes-
terday. Assuredly the London Meeting was far
superior to the Jamaica Assembly in numbers, and
infinitely more so in respectability ; and yet it
adopted a petition,the tone of which was not barely
moderate but humble. The petitioners spoke of
laying themselves at his Majesty's feet, and ex-
pressed a conviction, in which we cordially join
with them, that " His Majesty's paternal feel-
ings insure protection equally to all his subjects,
as well the weak as the strong." This is indeed
the great and beautiful principle of our Constitu-
tion—that it. does protect alike the strong and
the weak ; that no one is so strong as not to
need the protection of the law, and none so
weak as to be excluded from it. In the Co•
lOnial system the Slave is weak and the
Master is strong : our Sovereign's paternal
care is extended over them both ; and the claims
of both must be brought to the tribunal of equal
justice. The petitioners argue their case with
moderation and calmness; if we cannot ac-
quies.ce in their reasoning, we certainly see
much to applaud in their temper. We must
admit, too, 'that the blame does not rest wholly
with the Colonies. If Slavery be a blot and a
stain upon any social system, which we cer-
tainly think it is, there is nd denying that the
British Legislature has in times past entitled it-
self to a share in the odium. But we think the
Petitioners go much too far, when they argue that
the State which has once tolerated a particular
kind of property is for ever afterwards debarred
from doing anything to deteriorate that pro-
perty. This is ame taphysical refinement, and
it is bad metaphysics. It wanders away from the
plain practical question of utility into the fine-
spun theories of " The Rights of Man," which
can end in nothing but confusion. Let us look
at the state of slavery in its practical details, and
see whether they are of absolute necessity.
