HE SUN, LONDON, MONIDAYISEI"TEMBETI, 28. 1835

MR. O'CONNELL AT GLASGOW.

GLASGOW, WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 23.

This morning; at ati early hour; Mr, O'Connell repaired
to the Baptist H Chapel, in dope-Atileet, to feeeiw an ad-
dress voted to him by the Negro Emancipation Society of
Glasgow. When the readitig of the address was concluded,
ascended d tall platform which had
been el'eaed l 1116 htibagibli; afttl cortimetieeci an address,
which he extended to tonsiderable'length, and in which he
discussed every. triple to.nnected With the subject of negro
slavery. Tie *ished to iliipresia tiPon the meeting the ne-
cessity of urging upon the Legislature the immediate abo-
lition of the apprenticeship. Alluding to the Americans,
the Hon: and ,Learne#l Genpanianol?served, that in
conduct towards the slaves they Were iila;taii!tt.4tht,. tqtrm,of
human liberty, foul detraoors of the democratic principle.
and blasphemers of.that great and sacred name which they
pretended to FB6Bg.filAC:-;;;-(4Pplaii0e) in reprobation of that •
disgraceful conditet his voice had been heard atra§g the tide
and deep Atlantic; Like the thunder-storm in its strength
tart
it had efed against the brecie; afttied sOtit the lightning
of Christian truth.—(Applause.) Republicab pro-
verbially proud, and, therefore, he delighted to taunt the
Americans with the superlative meanness, as well as injus-
.tiee) or their agsnffled fit gtiperiefity titer their black
fellow-cititens. Whilst this continued he would. tieVer
cease to hurl his taunts across the Atlantic. And oh,—
but perhaps it Wa§ hIS Bride that dictated the hope—that
some black O'Connell might arise attlaiig the Slaves--great
would Agitate, agitate, agitate," till
the two millions and a half of his fellow-sufferers learned the
secret of their strength learned that they were two mil-
lions and a hult--(Grcat applatisq The conclusion of
the tin. and Learned clentleman s ObSdrittitltiO Were
listened to throughout with a breathless attention.
After a few observations from. the CHAIRMAN, the meet-
ing broke up, and Mr. O'Connell returned to his Hotel,
to partake of some refreshment before he set out for Paisley,

PAISLEY, WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
Mr. O'Connell arrived at Paisley between one and two
o'clock, and was loudly and heartily welcomed by many
thousands of the•inhabitants. He proceeded at Mtge to

the Old Low Church, which was crowded in every part,
although sixpence a bead was demanded for admission to
the area, and three pence a head to the galleries. Provost
Hardie presided, and Mr. Pearson read the address which
had been prepared for the occasion.
Mr. O'CONNELL then ascended the reading desk, and
addressed the meeting for nearly two hours. His speech
consisted chiefly of the same topics that he had previously
discussed at Glasgow and Edinburgh. The Hon. and
Learned Gentleman discussed at considerable length the
several topics of Irish Church Reform, Triennial Parlia-
ments, and Vote by Ballot, all of which he said would be
easily obtained but for the perverse conduct of the House
of Lords. In conclusion, the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man recommended the meeting to petition Parliament on
the subject, " and your petitions," said he, " may be signed
by females as well as males ' • for why should the lovely
young women of Paisley be prevented from petitioning
against the old wives in the House of Lords."—(Great
laughter and cheering.)
After votes of thanks to the Provost, Mr. Speirs, and
Mr. O'Connell, the meeting, in which the utmost order had
been observed, quietly dispersed.
Mr. O'Connell immediately afterwards left the town, and
took the road to Kelly House, the scat of Mr. Wallace,
M.P. for Greenock, where he. is expected to remain for a
couple of days.

GREENOCK.
(From the Greenock Advertiser of Thursday.)
This day, at half-past three o'clock, Mr. O'CONNELL ad-
dressed a meeting of the inhabitants from a hustings erected
in Kilblain-square. He came from Kelly House in com•
pany with Mr. Wallace, and was met at the toll; on the
Low Gourock-road, by a processiosi of the trades with 37

flags.
On the Motion of Bailie STEWART, Mr. Wallace was
called to the chair, who, in a short speech, introduced Mr.

O'Connell to the meeting.
Mr; IL INnt.Et rtatl an address agreed upon at the
Tratits Meeting, after which
Mr. O'CONNELL said he neter felt or experieticeti tuff;
of entatie sitie he titst Net his lbt,t bii etittish
ground,than he did now, for the moment had at length

come when he could fulfil the dearest object of his mission,
which was to thank the people of Groetfock for having
sent a friend of Ireland, and of humanity, to the British
Legislature.—(Great cheers.) Mr. Wallace was the only
living Scottish Member who had never voted against Ire-
land. He had joined heartily in opposing the Infernal
Machine of Lord Stanley, the Irish Coercion 13111. I-le
hoped they would allow him to thank them, for he could
never sufficiently thank their representative,, and from
his heart he did thank them for sending to Parlia-
ment a true Wallace to fight the battles of Ireland.

—(Loud cheering.) Passing from this topic, upon
which he could exhaust language, without expressing a
millionth part of what he felt, he said he was glad they
had called this meeting a " demonstration," for such it really
was, of their determination to work upon the fruits of the
Reform Bill, and to prevent an Oligarchy of one hundred
and seventy Lords from being the masters of the British
nation. There was not one sentiment in the address, nor
one topic of improvement to which it alluded, with ich
he did not only agree, but he pledged himself to advocate
to the utmost. The first topic was the extension of the
suffrage, and he held that every man who obeyed the law
had a right to a voice in the choice of the Representatives
who were to make the law. But what chance was there of
this so long as the House of Lords stood in the way ? He
was in favour of shortening the duration of Parliaments ;
for they had the authority o a proverb, that short accounts
kept long friends.—(Laughter and cheers.) And when a
man knew, that he would, ere long, have to face his consti-
tuents, ho would he careful what he did behind their backs,
that they might have one act with which to reproach him
on meeting them. The constituents were their masters ;
and another proverb said that the masters eye fattened the
horse—a saying which had a' meaning in reference to more
things than horse flesh.—(Continued laughter.)—
Another. proverb said,' " if you want a thing not done,
send ; but if you want it done, go yourself." Now they
went themselves when they made their representatives
come to them, and render an account of their conduct.
(An old man here called out something about the O'Con-
nell tribute, but he was very promptly called to order. Mr.
O'Connell himself very politely requested that he would
wait till he was done.) He was decidedly in favour of
vote by. ballot, without which they would never have
honest voting. They might, indeed, in a manly place like
Greenock, do without this, but never in the counties.
The Scottish burghs had done well; only one Tory, Mr.
Cumming Bruce, having been returned by them. But
the counties had returned a good many, and this neigh-
bourhood had some of them too.—(Laughter.) A Tory
might he an honest man, but he could not be a clear-
sighted one ; if well-intentioned, he was merely a good-
natured blockhead.—(A laugh.) Some, however, were
neither good-natured nor fools, and, therefore, they might,
with much propriety, be called rogues. Perhaps they did
not know that the meaning of the word Tory meant a
rogue, and not only so, but an Irish rogue.—(Continued
laughter.) The Tories had of late been rather shy of
this name, and called themselves Conservatives ; but he
thought it would be best, after this, to call them by the
more short and appropriate name.—(Laughter and cheers.)
He was in favour of the ballot, for it would put a
stop to all threats ; for they would threaten in vain, when
the landlord could not know how the tenant voted, nor the
merchant how the shopkeeper gave his suffrage. It would
also put a stop to bribery, for even if a man was rascal
enough to take a bribe, he would also be scoundrel enough
not to earn it.—(Cheers.) He was glad the address al-
luded to Law Reform, a subject Which their Representa-
tive, though a layman, had done more to effect, than any
other Member of the House. He had attempted to clean
that Augean stable, and a filthy stable it was. He would
ask how it happened that the inhabitants of a nation like.
Britain, who had taken the lead of all others in literature,
science, arts, and arms, should submit to the continuance
of a system of law, so complicated and absurd, that a man,
however well informed and intelligent, could not under-
stand what he was doing, but was obliged to have recourse
to a conjurer like himself (Mr. O'Connell) on the most
simple question of jurisprudence. He congratulated them
on having, in their Representative, one of the most assi-
duous Law Reformers, who had eagerly laboured to
have law made conformable to the principles of common
sense.—(Cheers.) In all the other points to which the
address referred . he completely concurred ; but still he
would ask them what chance there was of having them car-
ried, so long as the Lords stood in the way to stop every
measure of salutary improvement ?—He differed with the
phraseology of one port of the address. He meant that
which expressed a desire for such an alteration in the
system of taxation; as would prevent the labouring man
from paying more than is due share. He thought they
ought to pay no share at all. The burdens of the country
ought to be thrown upon its property, and all those, to whom
God had given nothing but the power of labouring, ought
go free.—(Cheers.) All the necessaries of life ought to be
untaxed. Malt and Corn ought both to be free. It
was a crime—a monstrous injustice, to tax corn. It de-
prived the mother of the loaf which she ought to have had
to bestow upon her children, and make rich the land-
lords at the expense of the working classes.—(Loud
cheers.) The Lords, however, would not listen to them
on any of these points, and, therefore, he (Mr. O'Connell)
had been travelling through' England and Scotland
preaching at the Lords, and endeavouring to intro-
duce the. system of representation_ into that Ho se.
SOMQ4 however, said " We have reformed the House of
CO9II'6OIIE, and surely that is enough ;" hosakl it was

only doing one half of the work, and Scotsmen, be felt as- o'
surcd, would never rest satisfied with a half done job—
they would not be content to have their work botched. Mr.
O'Connell then went on to ridicule, in the terms he used
elsewhere, hemlitary legislation—and asked if any man out
of Bedlam would employ a man either as a tailor or a doc-
tor, simply because his father had been one of these. He
then mentioned the various Bills which the Peers had
had thrown out during the last session of Parliament,
many of which they agreed were good, both in principle
and detail, simply because they had the support of one—
Daniell O'Oonnell.—(Latighter and cheers.) He bad told
the peOple of Glasgow, while alluding to this subject, that
he bad foetid d +lay to get them to pass such Bills as he
:'nproved of, and that Wag to declare himself hostile to
thot s and ,;,;;:Tared conduct to that of the pig
driiigu tr Poimiryinan of own, which was persuaded to
go to one town by tiii3 lielieve it was going
in an opposite direction. The wfiCh! trw.isr.llol,;:yer, was
too sad to be made the subject of a joke ; tr. 4 be ie;;,
perfectly perseaded that it was hopeless to look for
any good measures till there should be a Reform of the
House of Lords. This was the point to which all their ex-
ertiOni blight to be directed, and he hoped the Political
Unions, at the head at rthicl) his friend, Mr. Wallace, had
so frequently figured, would agglu wisitate for its accom-
plishment, But, above all, let them re-Member Ireland.
The Irish Members have never been backward wlitsu any
measure beneficial ie Scotland was in progress, and be
could assure them that if now they could secure the liber-
ties of that unfortunate country, they would never find its
represetitatites ungrateful. Let them,rally together to put
down the Lords. He then referred to the Irish Church,
and asked if it was right that 7,000,000 of people should
pay for the religious instruction of 700,000' If they were
asked to pay for another's butcher or baker, they would
laugh at it, and lie taw not that it was a bit more unrea-
sonable to compel one to pay for the fattening of another's
body than for the cure of_ his soul. It was, however,
in vain to try to carry this on any longer. Paddy had a
trick - of not paying when he had made up his mind to
it.—(Loud latighteb) What was then to be done ?
They carry him to law---Paddy won't pay. They
send the Police—Paddy won't priy. They send for
hone; foot, and artillery, and shoot them by the dozen,
but still the won't pay.—(Laughter.) And why
do they not pay 1 Solely from a sense of the injustice of
demand made upon them. (He then, in the same terms as
he had employed in Glasgow, gave Widow Ryan's descrip-
tion of the finding of her sons's body after the slaughter of
Rathcormac.) heSe thine ought not to last, and he was
happy to say, in his progress through Scotland, from Ber-
wick to Greenock, he had heard one shout after another
which assured him that they would not last.—(Great cheer-
ing.) He thanked them for the assurance which that cheer
gave him of their agreement with him in opinion, and he
would comfort the hearts of the people of Ireland on his
return, by telling them of the sympathy felt for them by
the people of Scotland. Many a noble Scot§dlett, since he
came to this country, had grasped his hand, and by the ex-
pression of his tduntenance before he spoke, assured him
that he deeply telt for the wrongs of, Ireland. For this,
Irish children would lisp their prayers for the unconquereci
people of Scotland, who had baffled their Roman and Saxon
invaders, and driven back with defeat England, when in the
pride of power, she attempted to enslave them.—(Great
cheering.) He urgently desired their assistance to achieve
a victory over the House of Lords. lie then alluded
to what had been said of the House of Lords, as
an ancient institution, and stated that fish oil and
the distaff were both ancient, but that was no reason
why gas and the spinning jenny should not be preferred.
His was purely a mission of peace. He preached no vio-
lence ;he preached no turbulence. He never saw any
good proceed from them, and far less from bloodshed. He
was a disciple of that sect which believed in the resistless
power of moral influence for effecting all necessary im-
provements. He thanked them for the kindness of his re-
ception—for the patience with which they had listened to
him, and in particular be thanked them for the representa-
tive whom they had sent to parlirment. It was delightful
to think that under the auspices of a Wallace, the work of
freedom was still going on.
"Wha' wad lie it traitor-knave ?
Wha' wad fill a coward's grave ?
Wha' sae base as be a slave ?'!
Nest one, he was sure, of those who now surrounded him.
This was the wet-song of Wallace, and ought to be the
motto of Greehoeli, Their Representative inherited the
blood, and followed in the footsteps of that great man, in a
intlfe peaceful sphere, for the times bad changed, but with
the same unconquerable love of freedom, and willing, if ne-
cessary, to meet the same fate.—(Great cheering.) He
concluded by again telling them of the gratification which
the results of his Scottish visit would confer upon the peo-
ple of Ireland.
Mr. O'CosINELL had no sooner ceased, than from ano-
ther hustings erected at a short distance, Mr. John Orr,
whose ministrations on the streets we have more than once
laid before our readers, begun to hold forth. He had barely
time, however, to exclaim, " Hear the Word of the. Lord,"
tylien he was saluted with tremendous shouts. He conti-
nued to gesticulate, but nothing could be heard, and lie
was pushed off the hustings with a flag-staff, and was ulti-
mately marched away under an escort of police officers.
A vote of thanks was given to Mr. Wallace for his con-
duct in the Chair.
Mr. WALLACE then said, they had heard a great deal of
instruction since they met together. He was sorry to say
that he felt he did not deserve the compliments which had
been paid him, but he would endeavour to deserve them.
The procession then escorted Mr. O'Connell to the
Tontine, from which he soon afterwards set out for Kelly, in
company with Mr. Wallace.

DINNER TO MR. SERGEANT WILD
BY HIS CONSTITUENTS AT NEWARK.

( Abridged from a Morning Cotemporary.)
On Friday Me Blues of Newark gave a dinner to their
highly-esteemed representative Mr. Sergeant Wilde, whose
name is now become identified with their cause by reason of
the strenuous and finally successful efforts made by that gen-
tleman to rescue them from the political thraldom of a New-
castle, whose only rule of domination consisted in that pithily
expressed, but, to its author, somewhat fatal interrogatory—
" May I not do what I like with my own." •
The chair was taken by Wm. Dobbs, Esq. ; on his right
were Mr. Sergeant. Wilde, Joseph Humphries, Esq., T. H.
Massey, Esq., Northouse, Esq., and others ; and on
his left, James Norris, Esq., the Rev. Mr. Parry, Thomas
Gilson, Esq., and others. Two sons of the Learned Ser-
geant, Claude and Montague Wilde, and Charles Wilde,
his nephew, were also present. Upwards of 170 persons
sat down to dinner, about 150 of whom were electors.
The following- toasts were then proposed by the Chair-
man : • ~
"The King ; and may he never forgetshe principles which
placed his family upon the throne."--(Musical hurrahs by the
professionals.) •
" The Queen; the amiable consort of our beloved Mo-
narch."—( Subdued cheers.)
"The Duchess of Kent and the Princess Victoria, the
heiress presumptive to the throne, and may she be an example
to future ages."—( Enthusiastic cheers.)
" The Mike of Sussex; the ornan.ent of loyalty and friend
of liberty".—( Rapturous applause.)
The Cliainmat4—l give you without further preface,
Thomas Wilde, Esq., the Liberator of Newark, and the
consistent Advocate of Constitutional Reform."—(Tremen-
dous cheering for several minutes.)
Mr. Serjeant WILDE returned thanks in a speech that
occupied two hours and a half in the delivery. Gentle-
men (said the Learned Sergeant) Sir Robert Peel's late
speech at Tamworth is a very remarkable one. To read it
off one would be apt to think it a good and candid
speech ; but read it deliberately, and it will be found
dealing as much in generalities as possible. He says he
came into office actually to carry into effect the measures
the former Government had contemplated ; he took it
for granted, therefore, the House would support him.
But if this were so, for God's sake why turn out those
Ministers.—(Cheers.) What does this admission disclose ?
Does it not show that it is a contest to try whether the
Tories shall again take possession of office, and perma-
nently administer the patronage and power of this coun-
try ? Does it not prove that the Tories are willing
to get possession of power and patronage upoil nay terms,
aye, aye, even on the terms of carrying measures which
they had always hitherto opposed ? Sir Robert Peel
says. " If I had been permitted to state in detail my mea-
sures, I have no doubt the country would have been satis-
fied !" What prevented him from doing so ? He was turned
out, ho says, before he bad an opportunity to give details.
Quite the contrary. He was turned out because be would
not give them. In short, the Tamworth speech is full of
fallacy, and of most incorrect representations of -the state of
almost every public question. Sir Robert further says, " I
was sure of support to my Whig measures ; and as to the
Radical party, I was quite sure they.would never unite with
the Whigs in opposing me." Indeed ! What did they ever
differ with the Whigs in ? Did they ever deny that reform
was required up to a certain extent ? They differed only
when the O'Connell party wished to go beyond what the
Whig party thought wise and safe. When I look at this
late speech of Sir Robert Peel, I cannot discover any
son why Ile should not have detailed his intended measures,
but two ; first, if he had told what his intended measures
were, in all probability they would not. haV'e satisfied the
country ; and secondly, it is not convenient, when out of
office, to tell what may be your acts when you come in.
Sir Robert said he would give Corporation. Reform, founded
on justice. What is his measure of justiCe? Let me see if I
can find it. Lord Lyndhurst was his Chancellor, and the
Duke of. Wellington belonged to the Cabinet ; surely we
need not be at a loss to know what Would have- been
the measure justice in llis (Sir Robert's) corooratier
r •

reform. His measure of justice would have consisted in
keeping up the old corporations, in order to corrupt the
new. lid alto would give you ecclesiastical refornv—pre-
cisely what is not stated ; but when, think You, he would
have given it to you ? I suppose at the millenium, for his
words are "in proper time.' When the time would be
proper in the opinion of a conservative, no prudent man
would venture to predict. The lion. and Learned Ser-
geant then animadverted upon the very inadequate mea-
sure of relief proposed by Sir R. Peel to be afforded to the
Dissenters. He considered no measure a relief which left
the Dissenters in a state of degradation. He demanded for
them the most perfect equality in civil rights. Sir R. Peel
is now out of office ; but be assured (said the Learned Ser-
geant) if you do not support the present Government, he will
speedily be rarttmg you again. There is no want of disposi-
tion. The Tories hate been a little hasty this time, but no
doubt they will manage their affairs better the next. The
HOtiOliTatity and Learned C:entleman, again adverting
to the Cotporation Reform Bill, observed that it might
have been more shaple and efficient ; stir it was quite as
good a 4 the Ministers had the remotest prospect of passing.
After statit:g the course taken by Ministers prev:ous to
bringing in the Bill, and the progress of the measure through
Parliament, he said that he was satisfied the House of
Lords never intended that the Bill should pass at all. But
he thought the Bill was of immense importance, as it would
break up the association between the corporations and the
.aristocracy. But the Bill was not only valuable as, a reform
Measure, but as a conservative measure. No means were so
well calculated to put an end to meetings of large masses of
the population as the formation of town councils. But
(continued the Hon. and Learned Gentleman) to what
has that measure given rise ? We are undoubtedly ar-
rived at a fearful crisis. We have had a very serious
contest with the House of Lords. We are about to meet
again—whether to renew that contest, I cannot say ; but at
least we have arrived at this point—the Commons and the
Lords do not merely differ as to the character of individual
measures, but, according to my opinion, we have arrived at
the point when the two branches of the Legislature have
determined to legislate upon totally distinct principles.
It is said you must reform the House of Lords. That is
easily said ; but any Government that shall bt.: established
on the principle of reforming the House of Lords, will find
it no easy thing to accomplish. I have considered the sub-
ject, and the result of my consideration is, that it would
be impossible, though that form of the legislature may be
open to many objections, to form any other less objection-
able. It seems to me, if you only remove from the Lords
all exclusive objects, you have the most useful second branch
of Legislature that can be devised. The Hon. and Learned
Gentleman then adverted to the importance of Reformers
confining themselves during the next session to measures of
real practical good, upon which they were all agreed, and
not to embarrass the Government by bringing forward va-
rious minor propositions, upon which a difference of opinion
existed.—(Great cheering.)
Other toasts were drank, and the conviviality of the
meeting was continued till a late hour, when the company
retired amidst mutual congratulations on the success that
had attended their united exertions in the general cause of
Reform.
