TURKEY AND GREECE.

"[Prom the linivolad,Gazdte of 4ligsbiag.l
ODESSA? SEPT. 3.--VG have news from• Con.
statitinople of the 28th of August. The darer-
ence between our Court and the Porte seem to
spproacli their end, and it is probable that they
will be, finished while our monarch sojourns in
klessarabia. Lord Strangford, after having re.
calved fresh instructions, on the Ist of August
tratsmitted a very serious note to the Reis Ef-
faaoli, respecting the declaration of that Minister.
to the English Dragoman, M. de Chabert, that
" ha would say nothing more about the affairs of
Rossia." Ills Lordship, said, in this note, that it
seamed as if the're were In ttie Divan some well-
v.taliers of the iusurgents,,' who advised the Porte
to adopt measures calculated to accelerate its

ruin, and who opposed- obstacles to the trade of
P.ussia in the Black Sea, in order to provoke that
.I.lovrer. 110 added, that the Allied Courts found
themselves under the necessity of declaring that
&bey' were conviticed Britt honour would 'at Tait'
oblige Russia to take steps' which she bed
Ititherto endeavoured- to a lie concluded
lor the ,l)ivait that they had no tine to
lt4e, and must come to a decision at. once. The
Arnhassidors 'of, :Prussia. aud Austria sent similar
,notes att,t+e satn.e time. It seems they produced
thair effuet,. Ott the 1 sth of August the Sultan
tcfned,the Dshanib Effendi out of the
Div" who, vas, lesde( of tlie fanatics in the
D;14,0a. He lc under COilfilWOWllli, in:. his 'own
one
: Co,n the:next dm the ge.is,l,:ffendi'llelti ft
stonfeter.c.e; at, he :o'vertiheltned Lord
Straogford with reproaches, for the support the
licAgo44 naAiutt.4d glypn to the insurgents: Ills
. 4atiaration reiatfre to the etreirs of Russia is not
yet know,
(FrDm /he joarnol der !) lA%)
• ar apiix Act; t,.--.After the battle . of Agra.
pba- c tf., the Oh (,17th) of June, the! barbarians,
lindfitg tltc Oellenists masters of Porto, retreated
is; 10iisternation to Larissa. 'General Caral4ocos,
WWI .400 cavalry and 1,00. iirdicoh:s, or iteroes
piPiodua, defeated a corps of. Conic rides, ['qually
klumerous, buined the VtirkiSh town of Carditza,
sa:, spread such terryr .through` the country as

far as Pharsalia, that the Seraskier of Larissa
sent a deputation, praying for an armistice. It
was finally agreed to, on condition that the care-
gounis, or shepherds, to the number of ten thou-
sand, with their flocks, whom the" Turks had
carried into slavery, should be restored to
freedom. These conditions havebeen religiousl,y
observed. The Greek Chiefs have also stipu-
lated that they shall have the right of acting in
concert with their brethren in arms in the Morea,
Etolia, and Acarnania, against any troops the
Sultan may send from beyond the mountains.
PREVESA, AUGUST 4.---The army of Jussouf
Paella has risen in insurrection against'him. He
had only just time to get on board a boat, and
save himself by flight. His treasurer was not so
fortunate. The military chest was plundered by
the mutineers, who have dispersed among the
hills. The insurrection was the result of an able
negociation by the. Greek Chiefs in that quarter,
who offered an amnesty to the troops on that con-
dition. • '

CORFU, A un. 6.—The hand of God has smitten
the Tu'rks. The plague is on hoard of above 40
vessels of the Capitan Paella's fleet; and destroys
the barbarians rapidly. Unless God protects us
we shall be in danger, on account of the number
of carcasses thrown o'h our coasts. Thus, dead
or alive, the barbarians are the scourge of Chris-
tianity.

A boat from Zante states, that forty-five G reek
vessels were in sight. We may therefore expect
that the Cspitau Ptcha will, in the course of this
year, follow the fate, of his predecessors.

. .
[From. tbe Austrian Observer.]
CONSTANT] NONA, A 176.. ,?..s.—Dshanib Effendi,
who has become-Wdl known ,m the late political
negociations of the Porte, was this truitiiiti,4 dis-
missed from the office of TSChI.III9CIi 13t6ai (Mar-
shal of the EMpire.) sudden resolution of
the Sultan causes an extraordinary sensation here.
Dshanih Effendi is generally este-emed as, the
most industrious, learned, and experienced of all
the Ottoman Ministers, and at the same time es.
a man of great probity ; but his austere and in-
flexible character has been &hewn. in all the de-
liberations on the present state of affairs, and
has triumphed on more than one occasion over
the proposals of other Ministers, who ere.more
disposed ' to .mild measures, .conceision,• and
sacrifices. . .

. .
Now, as the time is come when the negocia-
tiomi that have been so long on foot with ate
„Allied Courts Must 'lead to a debisive result,.-the
removtJ of Dshanib- Effendi is considered as a fa-
yourahle sign, and thu public infer that it,will hp
soon followed by the happy renewal of lite rela-
tions of friendship with all' the European Powers.
The peace with Persia was signed at -ErzeruM
on the 15th. Joly ; andpn.the 12th of tiffs moult
Itedschib Effendi, who is appointed Ambassador
to the Court of. Teberan,, krt. this . city with .the
ratification; The treaty of peace is not yet Made
public ; but, according to accounts that may bc"
depended uptm, the sThtu quo. is taken as the
basis ; so that the •conquests on both sides will be
given up, and the ancient frontiers re-established.
_ The accounts of the military operations against
the insurgents are.so ttneonneCted, doubtful, and
contradictory; that it would be vain to 14tempt
even to give an, outline of them. On the whole,
there is . reason to believe that the intended ope_
rations of.the Turks against the Moron have been
k impeded by various obstacles and hitherto baffled.
The insurrection of the mountaineers in southern
Thessaly, especially, in the district of Agra pha,and
the effective 'support which Various corps of in-
surgents from the Peninsttla afford them; gives the
Turkish troops far too much employment on this
-side of the Isthmus of Corinth for them, to
•attempt to pass it, and the Capitan Pacha, whose
fleet scented ;Chiefly destined to Assist and pro-
tact their passing, continues inactive off Patras
.
and•Missolungbi. -
In Negropont and the . Gulf of Vole, the
Turkish Commanders have lately driven the in-
surgents froM those positions they hitherto occu-
pied, an advantage on which the Ministers of the
Porte seemed to set a great value. On the edicr
hand, they, are said to haVe sustained a serious 1
loss near Salons.

All these partial combat.; lead to no result ;
and if this campaign is not distinguished by other
events, the state of things, considered in a
ttrty point of view, is likely to remain a long time
problematical. .

FRENCH AND SPANISH CO3IMERCE IN THE
• WEST INDIES. •

(From the Journal Iles Danis.]
PORT ROYAL, MARTINIQUE,
,Juvr.l4.
(EXTRACT PRIVATE LETTER.)

We liaYe learned, at, abort intervals, the entrance of the
French army into Spain, and its arrival at Madrid, under the
command of the Duke of Angouleme. •
•
Lieutenant-General Count Donzelot,Governor ofMartinique,
lost no time in dispatching the Jeanne Witte ftigate, Captain
Dupotel, first to Porto Rico, and next to the flavannah, to ex-
plain the state of things to-the ripantdi authorities, and to pro-
•pose to maintain between them. and the Frenelt colonies the
same relations us formerly, giving rccip.rocally to the merchant-
men of both nations every guarantee against priVateers. _
having on board Lieut. Chttcon, ofahe Spanish
envoy front die.,Havannalr to Martinique, on a,
-Ititifteulary riii.Vion, was received with the greatestiltstinction
by-the authorities Porto-"ltico ; and there is every reason to
belleYe that our amicaille relatiOns with that island will not be
interrupted: •
The ilispatchea front M. Dupotel, • brought by the brig La
Genie, state that the Military Governor and Political Chief of
Porto-Rico era determined to maintain that island under the
authority of the Governer far his t:atholic Majesty; hitt that,'
in orderao ascertain tile real state of affairs, they said to Europe
an officer whose report will determine what course theyshalt de-t
tinitively adopt; and that in the mean tiinn no hostility will he
committed ag4inst French conunerce. Aar this officer cannot,
arrive in Spam until tilt: space of between:one and two months
juts .elapsed, afrairs wilt he sufficiently adianced to re-
move all the- rcruples of (two,: n' ho sent him. WO are there-.
fore quite confident that !tiara will Le !wetter vett in these seas.
The Jciume WAIT %V 5 to aLtii l':•ons :Porto Rico to the llavan-
n--th with Lient. (71111e011,till t n IJO:it(1. :It it prohithle that the
reply of the auttioritk.i of that colony anal the Spanish I,cl. ,
miral in those seas_will Lei be leas matliraCtorY.
Tte.t Thei ia and the Canstatice frigates, commanded hy'Cap-
tains It ouganitia and 'S'aint :pinion, are charged with a similar
mission to Gentral Morales and the Spanish 'Adiniral corn-
' mand:v the!sqttadren 3tiitioned all Guayra, an we, expect from
it the same results. .

it is, then, very probahlc that out mercantile navigation will
not be disturbed, either by the. Spanish privateers or ships
war which cruise in these s•Nts.- But should it, conirary to all
expectation, prove oth,:rwise, our mrtadron ig sufficiently strong
•to atibrd security to our trade, by protecting our merchantmen
font, insult, and by pu any, slims whith may present them—
selves 113 enemies, experience the same fate which our army
has inflicted on the- revolutionary bands that attempted to op-
pose ,its march to the capital of. Spain.
