ST. DOMINGO.

COISNON, DIRECTOR. Of THE INSTITUTION Of THE COLO-
NIES, TO GENERAL DECRES, MINISTER OF THE MARINE
AND Or THE COLONIES.
", CITIIkN MINISTERS " The Cape, Feb. 19.

" HONOUR ED with yqur confidence, and the confidence of
the First COnsul, confirmed by a Mission•from the Calitain-
General to Toussaint, I should have sent you sooner a de-
tailed .acqount, if, on my return, I had not been attacked by
a serious illness.

" On the7th, the children of Toussaint arid myself set off
from the at eight o'clock at night, in extremely bad
weather,
„fif'proceed,to the habitation of Hericourt, where
the Captain General'-thought their culpable father was.—
Toussaint was not -at-Hencourt when we arrived there ; we
only found about twenty armed negroes, whom we endea-
voured to bring back to their duty by. inviting them to resume
their labours, and by assuring them-(atter what they told us),
that the French neither wished to carry off nor embark their
General,_ as they hail been persuaded to believe, and still less.
to reduce them to their former slavery ; that -their freedom
was maintained, published, and confirmed by the French
Government, and the. Captain General of St, Domingo, the
First Consul's'brother-in-law, who was come full of confi-
dence with his consort and child among the French of St.
Domingo; that they ought, like good citizens, to take up
those w 4.0 held such discourse to them, which only tended
to deceive and mislead them t - that we were the bearers of
letters from the First Consul„: confirming all we had said to
them. The news appeared to give them pleasure, and the
orator of the band, who was almost naked, assured us that
Toussaint was to be at Marmelade. We immediately set out.
• "I n our whole rout, we found different posts in the Mornes
occupied by a tew Negroes. When we arrived at Marmelade
we were informed by the inhabitants of that canton, consist,
ing of whites, mulattoes, and negroes, that TOUSSAINT had
slept there the night but one before, from whence, without
doubt he had continued to give his orders to CHRISTOPHE; 1
have since been certain of this. It was easy to discover
among all these persons that they had not the same way
of thinking. The negroes alone appeared to doubt all that I
said to them. We set off immediately to proceed to Ennery,
the usual place of Toussaint's residence, and where the in-
habitants of Marmelade supposed hire to be. About eleven
at night we arrived at Ennerv, and found his wife there. •At
the sight of her children, this good woman manifested all
the sentiments of the most feeling mother: she sent off im-
niediately, both to. the Gonaives and the other cantons, an
express to her husband, with the accountof our arrival, and
of our being the bearers of dispatches from the First Consul,
Which, giving him the greatest pleasure, would do away
entirely all the reports which might have stirred him up to
rebellion. The day after our arrival at Ennery, Citizen
Granville, arrived witlr the third son of Toussaint, whom he
had liad to board with him, and who came to see and embrace
his brothers. In the afternoon they both returned to
Gonaives.
" Toussaint came the following night—we were awakened
aS•soan as he'anived. I shall describe to you here shortly,
Citizen Minister, all that passed when we delivered up his
children to him. • The fathee.and the two sons threw them-
selves into eachothers arms—l saw the tears fall down their
cheeks, and, wishing to.profit of a moment which I thought
favourable, I stepped him at the moment he held out his
hands to me, and said to him, " Is it. Toussaiht,- the friend
of France, I. am going to embrace ?" He replied, throwing
himself into my arms L--" Can you doubt it ?" Entering upon
the subject. immediately, I said to him, " General, you are
going to hear your children, they are at this moment the
faithful interpreters of the First Consul and the Captain Ge-
neral of the colony ; confide in their innocence and the purity
Of their -sentiments, they are, about to tell you the exact
truth . .
Isaac spoke, and gave a faithful account to his Father
of what the First Consul had said at Paris, and the Captain_
General at Brest, as well as at the Cape.. Toussaint, during
' the most faithful Narrative of his Son, observed the most
profound silence. -I then presented him with the Box con,
taming the Letter of the First Consul. He took it, read the
inclosed:Letter, and appeared to be perfedly satisfied with it.
I exhorted, and endeavoured to persuade him to go to the
Captain-General to become his First-Lieutenant, assuring
him, that he was anxious to believe, that he had no part in
the burnt; of the Cape... To inspire him with still further
confidence in the pacific professions of the Captain-General
and French-candour, I went so far as to propose to remain an
Hostage for the sincerity of the olliirs which I made him, in
the name of the French Government. He answered, that
having received Letters from several Military Chiefs, threat-
en* to burn and plunder every thing, he could not go. He
intreated me to write to the Captain-General to suspend all
attack, with an assurance on his part, that he would do the
same. I wrote under his eye to the Captain-General. lie
undertook himself to forward my Letter ; and at tour in the
morning he lett us. Thus our interview lasted only about
two hours. •
" On the moment of his departure, not having been able
to prevail on him by the most pressing solicitations to go to
the Cape, I persuaded hint, however, to write to the Cap_
twin-General, and to send his letter by some confidential per-
son ; and being induced to think favourably of the sentiments
of Citizen Granville, and of his 'attachment -to France, I
made Toussaint determine to entrust him with this impor-
tant message. He punctually observed his word, and that
messenger joined me at Ennery, in the night between the
ith and iatitsof February, charged with • dispatches front
Toussaint-for the Captain-General, We then set out with
the sons of Toussaint • for the Cape, where we arrived the
same day at eight at night.
On the way, Citizen G ranville. confirmed me in the opi-
nion' which I had formed of the conduct and character of
Toussaint,. I still tremble at the confidence which he placed
in me, and which, at, our first interview, he could not have
dared to shew in the presence of Toussaint, without exposing
himself to the loss of his lite. He has even at this
moment the heart-rending sorrow to know that his fa-
mily are in the power of that barbarian, and that he can-
not say what may be their fate. • On his return to the Cape,
that old man, accompanied by the sons of Toussaint, delivered
his dispatches to the Captain-General, who, after having
read them, and had an audience of the messenger, prepared
an answer to Toussaint, gave it in charge to his sons, and de-
sired them to assure their father that he was still' disposed to
forget the past, and wished'that he should come to him, that
they might concert together the means of stopping all disor-
der, giving him his word of honour that he should be his
First Lieutenant, and he treated with the highest distindion.
He granted hiin an •armistice for foutdays to enable him to
come to • him.

" At ten o'clock at night the young Toussaints set out to
execute the confidential mission with which the Consul Ge-
neral honoured them. You will, however, please to observe;
Citizen Minister, that notwithstanding the armistice granted
to Tons Saint, he has not. the less continued to burn and mas-
sacre. As to his children, their conduct until the t3th,
when their father detained them with him, pettedly answers
the kindness. which they experienced from France. May the
Supreme Being strengthen their hearts in virtue, and pre-
serve them from the perfidious influence a their too guilty
father. The Captain-General, after having employed all
pacific and conciliatory means, is marching at the head of the
heioes whom he commands ; the brigands fly on every side ;•
they will be shortly overtaken, and their. barbarous Chiefs
punished, lam sorry, Citizen Minister, thA, I have not
more satisfadory news to send you. Be assured that 1 have
'used every exertion to succeed in the mission with which you
have charged me, and assure the First Consul so, with my
respedts and devotion. I salute you respektfullv.
" COISNON.'t

St. fArvrES's HAY MARKET, 'April 24.
Hay, 31. os. od. to 51. Jos. od.—Aver. 41. ss. od.
Straw, 11. 17s. 60. to 21. 6s. 6d.—Aver. 21. 2s. od.

WHITECHAPEI. MARKET, April 24.
Hay, 31. Jos. cd. to 51. ss. od.--Aver. 41. 7s. 6d.
Clover, 51. ss. od. to 61. tos. od.—Aver. 61. 175. 6d.
Straw, 1.1. los. od. to 21. os. Cd.—Aver. ii. iss. ad.

COUNTRY MARKETS.
oxnßcocr.
The Corn-Inspeaoes Return, on Thursday, April 2.0.
Wheat, per load, 151. cos. to Oats - 225. to '2Bs.
tBl. aos._ , • Beans - 32.5. to 365.
Bailey, per quar. 345. to 38s. Pease - - 405. to

IVEWBUR Y,
Wheat,.4Bs. od: to 7os. ed.
Batley, 2,85. 6d. to 335. 6d.
Beans, 325. od. to 385. od.

APRIL 2.2.

Oats, 14S. od. 10 245. od.
Pease, 35s d. to 38s. od.

READING, APRII„22.
Wheat, 59. od. to 695. od. Oats, 17s. cd—to .345. od.,
Barley, 275. od. to 365. oft. Beans, ass. od. to
Pease, 4os. to —S. oct.

DEVIZES, APRIL 22.
Wheat, 6s. od. to 645. 0(1. I Oats, 215.0 d. to 265. od.
Barley, 28s. od. to 38S. od. Beans, 365. od. to 42,• td.

VALUABLE, , EXTENSIVE, and IMPROVABLE
LEASEHOLD PREMISES, KENTISH TOWN.
TO BE SOLD I3Y AUCTION,
IN ONE LOT,
By W.'KEMMISH and Co.
On THURSDAY, April 29, f 292, at Three o'C lock,
At the Navy Coffee-house, 'Newcastle-street, Strand;
LL the LEASEHOLD .PREMISES, (lately
4-1 occupied by Mr., George Robertson) situate in
PAYNE's PLACE,' KENTISIL:TOWN, in• the County
of Middlesex ; well adapted fora Malt-House, ManufaCtory,
Boarding-school, or any business requiring room
Being a substantial range of Brick-buil t
ings, at present communicative, but may at a
small expence be converted into several conve-•
nient dwellings, having Back and Front Gar-
dens, a Bake,house complete, Coach•-house.
The whole inclosed by lofty walls recently built,
and improved at an expence of r60c,1. Held' for
the unexpired terns of Sixteen ,Years and Three
uarters, at Lady-day last. The peetaises'are at
present on hand; .but it is presumed will let at
the sum of (per annum) - 170 o o
S übjedt to a Ground Rent of - . 42 0

'Net: J. 128 o 0

, * ';--: ' '.-- :it 7r ...:::,•.-,cz :,- •,,,,... - - .
i• &DVOrSON,
''L-11 TWYNI4 MINOR- F,,5T,AT,....:,,-
~..- -,..._ .• , • •
SIll“)S1-11-1(F.. ''
TO BE PEItEMPTORILy stn.l).l;7i AUCTI"?
By Mr..Cl-11tISTIE, • „.-
.. .
~
-
.. .
•• At ills Geeat Rooni in rill- Af.ti I,"'` ,
On MONDAY the toth.of May ,at One o'clock',
IN ONE LkYi , 0
(By' Order of the Proprietors 31111 all Parties cone erne ~.
A MOST CAPITAL...and 'VA LUABLE -14. R, E k;-.
of t.
Parkc n:Hit
,ybyto.,,,i)it
azEn:(olTAEAc:irgreesEil,l' consistingeo'liriirit;eci
iasp embellished
of
tlf,.,shi etlleaxilteitseilltitx,oleitirliieebs
caiNie:tuittn;i.iit.o.
Water, Wood • Hill '.Dale &c. and sundry
with all suitable Buildings, and near 2,00 a acres of ,arable_
Meadow, Pasture. and Wood •Land, •,an Asy ltirn •of great
great Plenty of Game, and principally Tithe Free, and Ly;.,i-
Tax redeemed, let at •old kents, amounting to 'Pear r-
Annum. , . .
TWO THOUSAND POUNDS.-
exclusiveaspui:boiijuvceaan:LntocflnLtahne,ddicittnliisaendo,f CtaireabLlecaosefs. v. ery considerable i Ill;
,
r the
A lso the
..PerNtual Advowson Of the Reaory, o-
.
vtOittileieolLrlitti-EoffititijeNpprelleEnDt l'.lPic(n)Unisbel?itS.;
daily increasing from the I nclosurebf \Vaste Land". 6,:evarsi
Mr. Samuel Bagnold, of Newport,
and printed Particulars, ~with engraved Plans, may be illu.1;°„
the Printers of the Shrewsbury chronicle - Clrester Courant
Birmingham Chronicle; StatlerclshireAdviertisr; Atlicraill"
, --ii•
Liverpool ; Thomas Lloyd, -.Esq. Gray's-Inn ; ...l''‘,
Strong and. Still, -.Lincoln's-Inn ?Jew-square; .1.",,e5,:i.
Shaws, New Bridge-street, Black Friars I.Z.' ' bow '"°":1-
; ain ,
hiillttr.3l.Cidhir4isitiealitMimall)lo.wered to receive Propos4algse'
May next, and if not treated for before that day, will ePu
Contraa for-the whole of-the- Estate on or before the i
ivill sliew the- Premises;
b,st oft
up on the loth of May, and Sold to the best litiderli"'itil°lA
reserve. • , .
___,

CURIOUS FRUIT. c.ed it
•1, WO New. Currants,- ordained from it,„;
one Red, the other White : they both bring I.:1%3-g
large as some Grapes; in bunches six inches long, '3/7-illiar
on the Trees thicker than the leaves ; they. have
brilliancy of colour, a full-flavoured sweeriless, it'd ct,i
poignancy of taste far beyond all :others. Tilreet-rolt#
Strawberries, viz. a. The Cherokee a monstrous ,•••iY
often five inches round, and of most•exquisite ta"urilfe,
bears so abundantly, that one Root- frequently. tills a P •••
Z.' The Paraguay, equal to the former in every fine prol--,00
and conies later, so as to give a long succession. 3;
Great Modena- Hantbois, the most delicious of the
berry tril?e; its very high flavour and wonderful frarsort
raise it tae above all competition.. Currant Trees (ole,;ll,iati
separately), six in a bundle, for ids.'6d. Strawberry'
(each sort separately), fifty in a bundle, for tos. bd. , go
Sold at Crocker's, St. Alban'sr-street,
Credit. l'ay Postage. •

MEDICINE ACT. ~vg,
At the only Warehouse for ,Dr. j A MES's PO "7.1,," tllO
No. 4.1, St. Paul's Church-yard, a few Dohs
11-,'l •
'Corner of Chea, the
Tr HE following MEDICINES are Solo/.1„-e 0-
1 Prices -annexed, inclusive of the Stainp
grtade
posed bv, this Ad; but no additional charge liaS ,d at
Lyon Or. JAMES's POWDER, whia is continntio bG
the original Price of 2s. 6d.' per. Packet. It may 3111'600
had at . 4s, per Dozen ;or the 'quanti of a,-A •
Packets in one liottle for Zs. 6d. Duty included'
that the Public are no sufferers. • tlic
lint Order to 'facilitate he operation, and to lessen Doe
burden of. this Aa, which twout(' in a great measure
.100
proved a Tax upon Benevolence, all the other Med.„i'ore,
are sold to any Persons purchasing half a Dozen, ""
free train the expence of the Stamps, •••,,
s. d. 9
Dr. fames's POwder z, 6 Cephalic Snuff °
Analeptic Pills 4 6 Dr. Steers's Parego"
Cattle Powder , t 6 lii: Lozenges. 9
Dr. Hooper's Pills lih —Camomile Drops ro,
Dr. Austin's Chalybeat Essenceottoltsfoot la
Pills - 4 a EssenceofFrplofim , 5
Berry's Bilious Pills
.5. on„ w kid, medics
•c,
Dalby's Carminative r 9 Glass's Magnesia 1 6
Tickell's (Ethereal S pi- •
.3 6 inrinistll4'.s.'6'DS:ptss "'Ts I- 5

Gc'reenough'sTinetures Norton's ' •
a.
• Tolu Lozenges t- •• Spilshury's 19-roFs .
M r Spence's Dentrifrice 4 o Speedunan's2iiis •
Freake's-Tinel. of Bark 3
~6 English Cotlee.„,
Huxlilirn's, by ditto' •"2 6 Dr. Solatider'i-I,e
Dr, Steer'S'Opodeldoc z• 6 • Jones's Rhetunat . "
Convulsion Oil 2 6 . Tindurc 32,6,
Also,. the Genuine Arcinebilsaile, lately iMPwr;;Or(A, t;
Mdsl of the other P roprietary• Medicines 10 -rollsejlcue
for Exportation are supplied; without Stamps, ""
• e'
a.
N. 13.-As many Persons, particularly Servants all)fovs
;:
sengersonistake,the House, F. NEWBERY„tiIe 15 e
tor, is under the necessity of pointing out, that it,t.th:lt-'
East End of St. Patil's, nearest to Cheapside, lar,
has a -.large White Stuccoed Front, -with, these
i'.;g
v:ribed : " THE ONJ-Y WAREHOUSE F"
tMES's POWDER."
