FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE

ARRIVALS.
The Bishop of Carlisle, the Hon. Mrs. Percy, and the
Misses Percy, at the Sackville Hotel, Sackville-street ;
Lord and Lady Dufferin, at ditto ; the Earl and Countess
of Belmore, at ditto ; Mrs. Wright, at ditto.
DEPARTURES.
Mr. and Mrs. Child, from the Sackville Hotel, Sack-
ville-street, for their seat in Worcestershire ; Lord Ernest
Bruce, M.P. and the Hon. Sydney Herbert, M.P., for
Salisbury ; Lord Brooke, for Warwick Castle ; the Earl
and Countess of St. Germain's, for Boulogne, on a tour ;
the Dowager Countess of Athlone, for Omerongen Castle,
the family seat at Utrecht.

The Queen, after her return from St. James's,
gave a grand dinner and an evening party, to a numerous as-
semblage of rank, beauty, and fashion.
Her Majesty's drawing-room on Monday was
the most brilliant of the season. The lines of carriages ex-
tended from the Palace, at three o'clock, along the adjacent
streets and St. James's-park, more than a quarter of a mile.
A novelty in the royal equipage which conveyed her Majesty
and the Prince to St. James s Palace, were two German chas-
seurs in splendid uniforms of green and silver, behind the royal
carriage belonging to the household of his Royal Highness.
• THE ILLUMINATIONS.—The illuminations last
night, in honour of the Queen's birthday, were upon an exten-
sive scale. Her Majesty's tradespeople appeared glad of the
opportunity of testifying their loyalty and attachment. The
west end club-houses made a brilliant appearance. The Reform
had a splendid gas representation of the shamrock, the thistle,
and rose, surrounding "V. R." The Carlton displayed a
large " V. R." in gas, encircled in a flaming wreath, and
surrounded by a crown. The Union, and United Service, had
similar devices, excepting that the union exhibited various
coloured lamps instead of gas. The Atheneum the same, with
the addition of "P. A." Crockford's, the words written in
full, in coloured lamps, " Victoria Regina." The St. James,
the Alfred, the Thatched House, the Albion, White's, the
Travellers, &c., all lighted up in honour of the day.
THE WATERLOO BANQUET.—The Duke of
Wellington caused cards of invitation for this annual entertain-
ment to be issued on Saturday last.
The dresses of the whole of the ladies who paid
their respects to the Queen were exceedingly splendid, and
were chiefly composed of British manufacture. The clock of
St. James's Palace had struck six before many ladies were able
to drive home.
The equipages of the Duke of Beaufort, the
French Ambassador, and Earl and Countess of Chesterfield,
were by far the most splendid at the Drawing-room yesterday.
The Duke of Marlborough has been unanimously
elected High Steward of the city of Oxford, in the place of the
late Duke of Marlborough.
The piece of plate presented to Mr. Bishop by
his Royal Highness Prince Albert consists of an elegantly
chased silver teapot, capacious enough to furnish a dozen tee-
totallers with their favourite beverage.
DEATH OF MAJOR-GENERAL A. MACDO-
NALD, C. 13., &c.—We have the painful duty to record the
demise of this gallant officer, which took place on Thursday
last at Leamington Spa, where he was residing for the benefit
of his health. The deceased was in the Rep], Artillery. His
commission bears date the Ist January, 1794, when he entered
that fine corps as second lieutenant; he had, consequently, been
forty-six years in the service. In August following he was
made first lieutenant, and subsequently served all the interme-
diate grades with distinction, when at the brevet in June,
18.37, he was gazetted as major-general. The late Major-
General had seen much active service, and was in the battle of
Waterloo. He was a Companion of the Bath, and a Knight
of the Russian Order of St. Anne.
FUNERAL OF LORD AsHTowx.--The re-
mains of the late liberal, high-minded, and benevolent Lord
Ashtown were interred on Wednesday at the family burial
place, adjoining the beautiful demesne of Woodlawn. The
funeral was early and private, in accordance with the positive
direction of the noble deceased; yet the attendance of all ranks
in the neighbourhood was very numerous. The worthy inhe-
ritor of the splendid property, and, better still, of the rare vir-
tues of this good Nobleman, with his excellent uncles, brother,
and cousins, acted as chief mourners. The charitable bequests
to the tenantry are most magnificent.— Tuam Herald.
Madame Vestris and Mr. Charles Mathews,
after the closing of Covent Garden, proceed to Liverpool and
Dublin ; Anderson and some of the other performers go to the
south-west provinces. W. Farren, 13rougham, and Miss Rain-
forth, act for a night or two at the Olympic, next week.
A grand show of flowers has been held at Havre.
It concluded on Sunday last, in the ball-room, when the Hor-
ticultural Society delivered medals to the most successful of the
exhibitors, and also to four captains of ships bringing new plants
from foreign countries.
A rather novel mode of testifying gratitude for
political services has been shown by the Reformers of East
Cumberland to Mr. Steel, the editor of the Carlisle Journal.
A subscription has been raised and applied to the purchase of
a freehold building site in that city, which is to be presented
to him.
On Monday last a private in the 45th Regiment,
who had bean sentenced to receive one hundred and fifty lashes
by a District Court Martial for gross disrespect towards one of
his officers, was brought forward, and the proceedings and sen-
tence of the Court were read to him by Colonel Considine, in
presence of head quarters, on their parade at Pillgwenlly. The
Gallant Colonel!, animadverted on the seriousness of the offence,
but remitted the punishment.
TAXATION.—Our Government never ceases to
remind us that the iron heel of the Aristocracy is yet upon the
neck of the British people. The extortion systematically
practised upon the industrious classes—the shameful partiality
to the wealthy, and the barbarous oppression of the poor, which
characterise the acts of the Legislature—never allow the
people for a moment to forget the political thraldom and
slavery of which such villainous legislation is the offspring.
Tho Aristocracy want money to carry on their wars, and to
support them in their career of profligacy and extravagance—
and this too, while miserable men are starving for bread, and
their wives are selling the very beds from under them to feed
their famishing families.—Leeds Times.
Words cannot express the panic which had been
produced by the stoppage of the Ramsgate Old Bank. A very
numerous meeting of the creditors has just taken place. It is
reported that the liabilities are 43,7601., the assets 9,5491; also
that only 12,3001. are out in notes, and that 17,500/. will cover
the deposits. Much sympathy is expressed for Mr. Austen,
whose kindness and hospitality are well known.— Canterbury
Journal.
Captain Otway was still alive last night at ten
o'clock. Admiral Otway remained in the bar.acks with his
son. Sir Astley Cooper and Sir Benjamin Brodie continued in
attendance. The case appears hopeless; the injuries are in-
ternal, and of a most painful nature.
Miss Josephine Clifton, the American tragic
actress, has arrived per steam-ship Great Western, and taken
rooms at the Burlington Hotel.
DREADFUL OCCURRENCES AT SEA.—On
Saturday last, the 16th instant, while a number of fishing boats
were off Ennishowen Head, fishing cod, a heavy gale arose
from the N.N.E., and, continuing to increase with much
violence, the sea became so tempest-tossed as to leave no hope
of escape to the unfortunate men, who, to procure a precarious
subsistence, had been consigned to its merciless strife. About
four o'clock P.M. the gale blew furiously, and maintained its
violence during the evening, when two boats' crews from Ma-
gilligan, containing eleven men, were lost. Five of their
bodies have since been found. One from Glenagavony, with
five men, and one from Greencastle, with six, experienced a
like fate. Three other boats from Malin, about whom no in-
telligence has yet teen received, were cast off, perhaps to meet,
in common with their unfortunate companions, a watery grave.
--Derry Journal.
AFFLICTING ACCIDENT—SEVEN LIVES
LOST.—As twelve of the men engaged on the Southampton
Docks were returning Sunday afternoon from Hamble to South-
ampton, in a boat, with a waterman, named James Welsh, in
going about the boat capsized • fortunately for the survivors,
the Medina steam packet, on her passage from Southampton to
Cowes, was off the mouth of Hamble river when the accident
happened, and within half a mile of the boat Summers run
her immediately to their assistance, and succeeded in saving six
of the men, but the waterman and six others were drowned. It
appeared they had all been drinking, and their being to leeward
was the reason of the boat upsetting, as, though there was a
fresh breeze from the S.W., they might have proceeded safely,
if sober. Summers landed the survivors at Cowes between
five and six o'clock in the evening, where every attention was
paid them. They were all very weak, and could scarcely stand.
DISTRESS AMONGST THE OPERATIVE
CLASSES.—On Wednesday evening, a public meeting, con-
vened by the Socialists, was held in the Music Saloon, South-
parade, to take into consideration the propriety of petitioning
Parliament on the subject of the prevailing distress amongst the
operative classes of society. The saloon was more than three
parts filled, and the gallery more than that. Mr. Ho-
bert Owen was unanimously called to the chair, and after he
had opened the proceedings in due form, the meeting was ad-
dressed by Messrs. Rigby, Buchanan, Pare, Hollick, "Fleming,
Jones, Buxton, Alexander Campbell, Macintosh, and others.
The several speakers went into the whole question of the pre-
vailing distress, commented upon the various remedies pro-
posed by various parties for the cure of all the evils which
afflict society—such as the repeal of the Corn-laws, emigration,
Chartism, machinery, home colonization, foreign trade, &c.
The speakers appeared to agree in thinking that a repeal of the
Corn-laws would be attended with some benefit, but that the
advantage would only be temporary, and not permanent ; emi-
gration they opposed, there being plenty of land requiring cul-
tivation at home; and machinery a curse when used against,
but a blessing when employed for man. They argued that
the 800,000 hand-loom weavers who had been thrown out of
employment by machinery were as much, nay, snore entitled
to compensation than the emancipated negroes, pointed out the
want of sympathy betwixt the working and the middle and
upper classes which the present system had engendered, and
recommended as the truepanacea for all existing evils the
Owenite system of communities.—Leeds Times.
BRISTOL SUGAR MARKET, MAY 22.--The
offices have once more assumed something like the appearance
of business, the recent arrivals having been brought forward
freely for sale, and a moderate quantity has been taken at the
fullest advanced prices; low brown realising 695. to 705., and
good Jamaicas as high as 775. We are glad to notice e
stre-
nuous exertions that are being made to introduce a further
supply of sugars for home consumption. The imperative neces-
sity of something being done, as regards our own port, cannot
be more strikingly evinced than by a statement of the compara-
tive imports of West India sugar during the past year, and what
it was only ten years ago. In 1829 Bristol received from the
various colonies 31,784 ;hhds., 2,484 trees., and 1,911 brls.
This has been gradually falling off until, in 1839, it
only amounted to 17,235 hhds., 1,219 trees.,; and 690 brls.
The consequences have been most disastrous to the
trade, increasing competition in the market to a painful
and almost disreputable extent, compelling buyers to the hazard
of drawing lots for what they may require, almost neutralising
activity and judgment, limiting the district in which they can
dispose of their goods, as prices are necessarily above other
markets, proportionately diminishing profits, investing the
broker with powers, not always properly exercised, which pro-
fessedly impartial men should not possess; all tending to aggra-
vate the evils of a distressed and scanty market, terminating,
as we
.have recently seen, in the forced retirement of several
respectable houses from the business altogether.—N.B. The
additional duty upon sugar of Is. 3d. per cwt. has accelerated the
anticipated advance from a short supply, as the importers readily
obtain 3s. to 4s. per cwt. advance on the recent arrivals.
There are at this time more than 100,000 bags free labour sugar
in the London Docks wanting buyers, at less than half the price
of West India (exclusive of duty), and equal in quality. Bristo/ Mercury.
A BENEVOLENT OLD BACIIELOR.—Died On
the 10th inst., aged eighty, Henry Wreig:lt, Esq., of the firm
of Wreight and Ililton, bankers, Faversham. This gentleman,
a bachelor, without relatives, appears to have entertained,
through an economic al life, a determination to benefit by'his
will the poor and needy of the town in which he resided. He
has left nearly 100,00 W. as follows : —To his executors, Giles
Hilton, Esq., of Preston, and Frederick Giraud, Esq., of
theFa-
versham,
latter
latter the contents of his dwelling-house in F i
aversham; nolud-

. -
The Manchester Times has treated its readers
with a 66 New Political Compass," by means of which every
man may know where he is when the wind blows : 4, By this
useful instrument the Whigs are placed in the north ; to us, tothis hemisphere, they are rightly there,
as there is our polar
star. It may be objected that the
Tories are placed in the
warm south, perhaps because the sun is there at twelve o'clock'
and they are looking forward to noon. The intermediate
paints between the cardinal ones are assigned to those interline"
diate politicians who partake of the opinions of the extreme
parties ; the name given to them is double, so as to meet the
peculiar shades of more or less; thus Tory-Radical or Radical-
Tory means the same thing, according to which word stand,
first; the difference, however slight, is made evident. It shooid
also be noticed that the Conservatives and Radicals occupy the
extreme points on what may be called the equator, because
these balance each other, and because as a variation of a sin„le
point, either north or south, gives the advantage to the
or Tories, which are in the antipodal regions.'
A WEALTHY BEGGAR.--On the Ist-instant,
at his son's house in Belgrave-gate, aged 70, died Williaff!
Goode, a native of Sapcops, well known for a number of
years as a mendicant of most eccentric and penurious habits._
About twelve months since lie was committed by the Borough.
Magistrates for one month at the tread-mill as a vagrant, andi
is bile confined there, one of his sons, on searching his miser-
able dwelling, found, in some very old blaeking-bottles,
gold, silver, and copper to the amount of 231, which he and
his brothers, in little more than a week, squandered away. At
his death they discovered that he had deposited in the Savings,
Bank 4:31. 3s. This was immediately drawn out, and after ,Je-
cently burying the old man, and depositing a fourth shar,e in
the batik for another brother—a. soldier abroad—they eAvided
the remainder between them, and, not worshipping g',ld, like
their sire, but indulging their drinking propensities u'.ilimitedly,
the ill-gotten pelf, in less than a fortnight, had clrAnged hands.
Leicestershire Mercury.

•
CORN-LAW FETITAONS AND SIGNATURES
UP TO MAY STIL—For Repeal, petitions, 3,151; signatures,
1,354,325. Against Repeal, petitions, 3,308; signatures,
233,151. For Alteration, petitions, 23; signatures, 59,682.
ANTI,IVIALTIIUSIANS. We understand no.
less than 22 notices of marriages were given at the Superiz—
tendent Registrar's office last week.—Preston Chronicle.
