SHIPPING.-(THIS

(FROM LLOYL'o'S.)
DEAL, JAN. 27.—Wind W. W., fresh.--Arrived the
Woodlark, Torer, from Mauritius; MOSCOW, Wimbery, from
Charleston ; Matchless, Bruce, from St. Michael's ;
Bees-
wing, Smith, from Oporto ; and Royal Mail, Scott, frinn Bel-
fast. Arrived from the river and remain
with the outward-
bound the Marquis Wellesley, Stayner, for Grenada; vergne, Pallot, for Honduras ; Cato, Paisley, for St. vi":
cent ; Amity, Morgan, for Bermuda Nereid, Jay, for Let:
horn ; Elizabeth, Wilmore, Dale Park, Snell, and
River Packet, for Jamaica Dungarvon Castle, Parson, fer
Santander ; Jaae, Watson, for Valparaiso ; Thomas Harrison'
Harrison, for Cork and New South Wales ; Clonmel, Davi:
and Sarah and Maria, Broth, for Waterford; Emerald, Buc
for Cork ; and Cardiff Packet, Jones, for Gloucester. 1‘ h's
Addington, Sedgwick, for the Cape and Swan River,
back to the Downs this morning, having slipped
from n`
anchor and chain in the Dover Roads.
PoßTsuourn, JAN. 27.—Wind W.—Off port the West-
minster, Moor, from New York—sailed the 10th instant.
PLYMOUTH, JAN. 26.—Wind W. S„, W.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 26—Wind W. S. W. fresh.
MARGATE, JAN. 27.---AlTiVod off—the Avoca, Roadleg
and Bromleys, Bromley, from Mauritius; and the Limeri
Lass, Miderwood, from Limerick.
DOVER, JAN. 27.—Arrived off—the Mary, Mills, from
Mauritius.

COWES, JAN. 27.—Arrived the London, Bruce, from Ma-
nilla ; Batavia, Blair, from Batavia ; and the Emma, Nelson'
from Matanzas.
STANGATE CREEK, JAN. 27.—. Arrived the Racehorses
Pinchard, from Venice ; and the Maria, Jones, from Vostizis'
SWANAGE, JAN. 27.—Off port—the Peri and Sultana'
from St. Michael's.
GUERNSEY, JAN. 25.—Arrived the Albion, Merurier, frog'
Rio Janeiro.
JERSEY, JAN. 25.—Arrived the Grog, Alexander, from St'
Andero.

BRISTOL. JAN. 27.—Arrived the Queen Adelaide, France*
from St. Michael's ; and the Mary, Smith, from St Übe's. GLOUCESTER, JAN. 27—Arrived the Abeona, Hore, fr°0
Lexis.
LIVERPOOL, JAN. 26.—Arrived the Sarah Parker, Vet?
from Savannah ; Othello, Saunders, from Ditto ; Susanna
Cumming, from Ditto ; and the Mary Ann, Peters, from
John's, New Brunswick.
The M 7 V

London'
nc .int, Woodward, from Melis and Gaspe to Lon,.a
was abandoned on the Ist ult. ; crew saved.
The North Star, of Portland, foundered in lat. 36. lou'
60 ; crew saved.
The Angelique, Barrett, from Plymouth, was on shore 00
the Island of Wolsey on the 23d inst.
The Liberty, of Harrington ; Countryman, of Workingt°lls;
and the Bulwark, of Belfast, were on shore near Carrickferg-
on the 23d inst.
The Florist, Paulson, from Liverpool to Antwerp / driven on shore near Whitehaven on the 26th October., ri The Friends, Cuthwick, from Lynn, was on shore near
Har-
wich yesterday.
• a
The Thomas and Elizabeth, Fell, from Boston, was ear"c
into Yarmouth leaky ; cargo shifted, pumps choaked, &C.
The Barbara, Brown, from Gibraltar, arrived at St. Thomas
previous to the Ifith ult., dismasted.
The Sultan, Berbice, from Turk's Island, leaky, and Will
proceed to Nassau to discharge.
of The Watchman, Perkins (with from 500 to 600 bales
and
cotton on board), took fire in Mobile Bay on the 23d ult.,
3
burnt to the water's edge.

lIIOWN
The Duke of Wellington has left Drayton Man°6
the seat of Sir Robert Peel, Bart., for London. Oa This;
day the Hon. Baronet and the Gallant Duke met
t`l"
Atherstone hounds at Canwell.gate, and had a good rtob killing a fine old. fox. His grace appeared to be in Of
field.
health and spirits, and
was loudly cheered by a numer°ll-
An extraordinary instance of the mysterious prft;
vidence of God has occurred in the severe affliction w
which the family of Captain Nares t,
, R. N., of Clythe-le
tage, Monniouth, has been lately visited. Monday, t.O
28111 ult., all the members of the family were apparently 't.
the full enjoyment of health, but on Friday, the Ist inso;
died of scarlet fever, Susan, the third daughter, and be
Sunday following Martha, the eldest. Wednesday, t e 6th, Mrs. Nares, was prematurely delivered of a fenlle
child, who survived but a few hours ; and, to add to be
bitterness of the visitation, the mother was carried wit,h B
three children to the grave, all in the space of five sh°o
days.

The principal officers of the different branches of
the Equity Courts are now busil tis
y loyed in 'making °I.,
returns of the business of their Courts for one hundred yeelp,
past, with a view of making every practical improveme'
the business in future.
rore
The number of persons inscribed on the g•rand'i„," er
Cent. Stock, amounted,
of the public debt of Prance, and holders of the FAT rto
1822,902., eau the Ist of January, 1834, they were ° to'
on the Ist of January, 1835+ to
7,98. The nominal capital of the Five per Celtjer
amounts now to nearly 3,600,000,000 f. (120,000,000 I_oo
ling). An annual guns of 1,520,180 f, is paid to Mell'u..ta°
blisl,lo (Awing
of the Chi of Peers, on account of the majorats, e'
the Empire and Restoration,
I,o'
ENGLAND AND BELFAST.—Auaeng the aav in?
tapes to be derived from a system of contract for calave
the wails between England and Ireland, this town will
Liver
that of a daily intercourse, arid mail delivery with L'v
pool,—..Northern whiz.

I

IyERPOOL
(LAST NIGHT).

VELIC DINNER TO AIR. O'CONNELL

(BY EXTRAORDINARY EXPRESS).

SUN-OFFICE, THREE O'CLOCK.
our gxpress would have arrived three hours earlier,
but for some unaccountable, and we fear foul play
at Liverpool, by a party there in our confidence, which
shall be duly inquired into.

Liverpool, Wednesday (Yesterday-) Morning.
Mr. O'Connell arrived this morning at-six o'clock, by
the mail steam-packet, and immediately afterwards pro-
ceeded to the Adelphi Hotel. The Hon. Gentleman was
accompanied by Mrf. O'Connell, his son Morgan John
O'Connell, and some other members of his family, and the
Ron. Mr. Lawless, son of Lord Cloncurry. Mr. Shed and
11. Wyse, who, it was expected, would have arrived by
the same packet, have not yet reached Liverpool. The
greatest enthusiasm prevails among all classes, and even at
the early hour at which the steamer reached the pier, the
cheers of the assembled multitude were neither " few nor
far between." The Tories are at their wits end at the idea
of Mr. O'Connell being publicly entertained by the citi-
zens and Corporation of Liverpool, and have posted pla-
cards all over the town, containing the following significant
and pithy advice :—" Protestants, awake! Let your watch-
word be Church and State—remember that ! "
It having been announced that Mr. O'Connell would
address the people publicly from the Adelphi Hotel at
half-past one o'clock, long before that hour the vast space
in front of the building was crowded in every part. The
trades marched in procession, with bands of music, and a
variety of flags and banners, bearing_ appropriate devices
and ioscriptions. Every window and balcony that could
command a view of the hotel was filled with ladies, and
on the lowest calculation there could not be less than be-
tween twenty and thirty thousand persons assembled.
Mr. O'CoNNELL having at length presented himself, lie
was received with the most vehement cheers. They lasted
a considerable time, and when they had subsided, he said—
lie regretted, he most deeply regretted, that be had not
been able to keep his appointment, and come into town to-
day with them.—(Laughter.) He deeply regretted that he
had been compelled to deprive himself of that gratification
and pleasure. If he could have anticipated the possibility
of his arriving so soon, he would have come in at the head
" the tail—(Laughter)—of the honest people of Liver-
Pool. The Tories said he was a great conjuror, but he
Was not yet able to command the wind and the tide, or time
;Id Place, or he certainly would not have disappointed his
-t'ends, Englishnien or Irishmen, in Liverpool. He
(Cheers.)
delighted to be thus surrounded in England.—
kk.heers.) He was glad of it, because in the career
Which
Nature—aye, and perhaps he might say Nature's God,
the
marked out for him, he had incessantly struggled for
''ne preservation and extension of civil and religious liberty.
se
birth e d
,throughout
the wide limits of the Green Island of
men of every creed and class.—(Cheers.) Oh,
fr7lLe valued their applause ! It was not out of vanity or
h----'‘"e Personal gratification which it afforded to him, but
sietyeause it Proved that the people were alive to the neces-
the iteufmspnrea.ding liberty, civil and religious—amongst all
struggiesa kind.—(Cheers.) It might appear that the
Which had marked his life were something of a
struggles
nature. No such thing ; for though he had looked
11;,, emancipation, from the Catholics of Ireland, it was
the on the principle that they were entitled to it—on
e Principle which would give liberty to the Protestants in
Span' or the Christians in Constantinople.—(Loud cheers.)
ihaving obtained Emancipation, the English had time to
° LUC. after their own rights.—(Cheers.) They had not
Reform to do so when concerned in the struggles of others.
Parliament was then the cry.—(Cheers.) The
j,"Y became irresistible, and be was proud, in Eugland to
°4Bt, that to that Reform Bill he had given a decisive,
.
1-,4 early, and successful support.—(Loud cheers.) The
-efett Measure of utility which was advocated was the reform
d the Corporations.—(Loud cheers.) What had they
Pen
with the rotten old Corporation they had in Liver-
meP?"---(Loud laughter, and cheers.) He was at a public
eting in Ireland when the news arrived of their election
of corporate officers, under the new Act. The intelligence
t a thrill of delight through a vast assembly of Irishmen,
d
-Lk': the band, which had been playing, left off playing
every other tune but the " Rogue's March."k--(Laughter.)
7 He thanked
e the honest men of Liverpool for keeping the
out (Cheers.) Oh ! what a job it was to kick .
14°Se41 rog ues—no,be would not call them rogues, but
hese cunning, little fellows, out of their snuggery
scheming
worth white living to laugh at them.—(Laughter.)
Fut they could now forgive them—aye, and pity them a
',ttle too_L-(Laughter)-•--because all the peculation and
„„Plunder they had, has gone into the hands of honest men.
4 he honest men had got their' Own, and that, too, without
the rogues falling out—(Laughter)—:for, to do them jus-
tice, the rogues stuck faithfully together to the last. The
turning -out of the corporators was a good job, but their
work was not yet complete. Englishmen never liked to
have a job half-done or boggled.—(Laughter and cheers.)
The people of Liverpool returned to Parliament one ho-
nest and excellant man, worthy of representing the people ;
with broad, statesmanlike views, and bringing all the ener-
gies of his patriotic mind to the constant service of the peo-
Ple.—(Loud cheers.) He meant Mr. Ewart.—(Great ap-
Wattle-) It was excellent work io return him, but the job
Was spoiled ; it was only half-done.—(Laughter.) They
were like a paralyzed body ; they had one half dead. Lord
oMSandon had said within the last few days that he
r.
O'Connell) would not be content with being king
f Ireland, but that he would also be King of England.
t(Cheers.) Oh, what a prophet he is ! (Laughter.)
11:nk him for the estate he was about to give me ; -and if I
t;„..tsalneYosfyiteful feeling, it is that he did not also throw in
kitoon4gc,hter)2:ll:nas, as a titty, as we call it in Ireland,
a lucky penny to the bargain. But
°andon may depend upon this, that if ever I dream that
wills a King, I will have no Ministers about me but such as
Will reak boldly out and act with a frank face.—(Hear.) I
will }lave no halfious, half-selfish fellows about me, who
itnlit.oussettv:btheileoirw.ez_e(up towards heaven whilst they are doing
Hear and eheers.) I will have none of
peculawtilloon nave the sanctimoniousness of a Satan with the
ti0n......4e of a Tory, protecting bribery and corri!p-
tegard rsiteera.) While the inquiry was going on with
PiQus tnrh, the corruption of the freemen, the
veil °."€l Sandon used to exclaim " Oh liFa-
bribe al. that I should protect any thing likeaiho:Y." His curse was the reverse of that of the Quaker,
eallephen a dog barked at him, would not touch him, but
satida aim
ttotbd dog," and he was soon despatched. Lord
said ,?n, however', did not go so far. " Heaven forbid,"
that jr, "that I should connive at corruption," but beyond
trout; would not go.—(Cheers.) He would not give the
Old, so of an inquiry ; for perhaps he thought that if he
ticket°a?ething might come out about freemen putting their
in is into a kind of turnabout lock on one side, and tak-
ehl _ut
terus their money—their bribe on the other.—(Loud
It is really a sad thing that Lord Sandon should
Himselffiat the representative of Liverpool.—( Hear.) He
him mentioned him there, Ist, in order to have a' laugh at
(La amongst those whom he called his constituents
a,l.teo--and secondly to tell them that it was a shame
tilapl,7ilsgrace that they would be represented by one good
hq Ewart—(Cheers)—should be so misrepresented
of 1-4.11001er, as virtually to render the representation
Ren'ilverpool invalid.—(Cheers.) Was'nt there common
Moers se in that ?—(Hear.) The Irish were accused of making
eind
Ir , but they never made such blunders as that. In
one'ainad one and one made two, but in Liverpool one and
''ight fa" nothing !—(Laughter)—for when Ewart voted
mitts or them, Sandon votes right for the Tories, and
they were not represented at all.—(Cheers) He
of them to :look to it.—(Hear, and " We will."
fetio nit.uhr otaudy the
it in their own power to work out completely an
purity of election.—(Hear.) If when they
rilat out a freeman who had taken a bribe, they would
lb let him work by himself, and give him a cold shoulder,
;3; would succeed in putting an end to bribery. In Ire-
tO e where the franchise was small, men would not speak
ne
who had taken a bribe, and the women would not
id_7lc._at him.—(Lood laughter.) They might depend upon
t':!at there was a moral power in public opinion fully
them to the suppression of such crimes. He thanked
in re. ?nest cordially—he thanked them for the manner
st ind., they bad listened to him. He had ever
ggled for British freedom, and he went to struggle for
~erlafar,ie• The Tories boasted that they would put the pre-
it kiovernoent out, and that they should regain power.
could not be. Had he not there 30,000 men, who de-
ietl:ir.sed it was a lie ?---(Cheers.) Let every man who thinks
.voo.fa aYe."-
1-(Here the immense crowd unanimously
.lati . eyrated " Aye.") The Tories want to maintain peeu-
on and plunder by the hypocrisy of invoking religion,
7.141 hate their fellow-men in the name of the God of cha-
41tY.----(Applause.) The Tories were certainly a vile faction
4ad no honeit man would be a Tory. No honest man
'eould be a Tory, and for this reason, that the Tories
r.ant to rtio,lopoze to one what belongs to all.—(Cheers.)
At any man cap upon the hustings there, and asked them
to allow 99 men to wo."k and one to idle, and to lay down
principle that the 100
th should get the wages of the
tth
the
you would not laugh at him, but you would cover him
laughter.) And yet such was
for ,mud.—(Cheers and
ism, and he (Mr. O'Comiell) mu; going to London
Ito battle against that Toryism—to enkteavou; to lessen
every burden of the people, and increase every fra.nc;,!ge
they at present possessed. The present ten pound
franchise was much too narrow.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
Every man sliNld be allowed to vote for tis representative

in Parliament. Every man paid taxes, and therefore all
had a right to have a voice in legislating for their repeal,
whenever that was practicable. He (Mr. O'Connell) was a
Radical, and would always be a Radical—(Applause)—
and therefore he was for vote by Ballot.—(Renewed cheer-
ing.) If they bad vote by Ballot, the workmen in the
manufactories need not ask their masters how they should
vote ; but when the masters asked them for their
votes, they would take off their hats to solicit for
their friends, while the workmen would put their
votes into a little box, and the masters would know
nothing about it.—(Great cheering.) If the candidates
were honest, they would be chosen, but if they were San-
donites, they would be allowed to go and preach some where
else, and t ) pray as much as they pleased.- —(Great laugh-
ter.) If the Tories again came into power, what chance
would they have of an extension of -the franchises of the
people ? . What chance would they have from the Tories
of Vote by Ballot ? None.—(Loud cheers.) If the
Tories again came into power, what chance would the people
have of going to that other place called the House of
Lords ?—(A laugh.) Would the people, in such a case,
ever hear of what they were looking for, a Reform in the
House of Lords ? No—on the contrary they would have
an attempt made to get back the House of Commons to
the state of corruption in which it was before ; and there
would be an attempt also to take from the people of Eng-
land as much of their liberties as the Tories would dare to
meddle with.—{Cheers.) They had a phrase in Ireland.
That it was a good thing the dogs were afraid, or as it was
more happily expressed in his own native language.—(The
Hon. Gentleman here repeated the phrase in the Irish
language, which occasioned great laughter among the crowd)
that was just the case with the Tories—the apprehension
that kept the dogs quiet was what kept the despotism of
the Tories from the people. Therefore it was that he
(Mr. O'Connell) was standing there to put down the Tory
power, and so let in the gradual development of the great
principle of equal and universal liberty.—(Loud cheers.)
Hitherto the Union between the two countries had been a
parchment one. He (Mr. O'Connell) had long been
the advocate of Repeal, but he now came authorized
to give it up if the people of England would join him
in obtaining justice for Ireland.—(Tremendous cheering.)
All he (Mr. O'Connell) wanted was justice—any man who
refused that to him was a rogue, and he would put it even
to the conscience of Lord Sandon himself, whether he would
not be a rogue who would do so ?—(Laughter and cheer-
ing.) He asked but justice—he required no more, and he
would take no less.—(Hear.) Having the support of good
men, and the blessing of Providence on the work, he hoped
to go home to Ireland, after the Session, with a good mea-
sure of justice to Ireland, particularly, a reform in the Cor-
porations.—(Cheers.) The English Corporators were really
saints, compared with the black gentry of the Irish Corpo-
rations.—(Laughter.) The English Corporations did some
public good occasionally, but the Irish did no good what-
ever, and as much public and private mischief as was pos-
sible. He (Mr. O'Connell) was for a reformation in these
corporations, and be thought the people of England would
go with him when he asked for nothing but justice.—
(Great cheering.) All the good, the just, the wise, the
enlightened and spirited, were with him ; and it would be
impossible to keep from Ireland much longer her rights, and
from England the security and encreased prosperity that
would result therefrom.—(Cheers.) He (Mr. :Connell)
should report to his countrymen how the people of Liver-
pool had received him, and the voice of joy would be spread
around the green plains of Erin,—it would be heard in the
smiling and sequestered vales ; and her mountain streams,
as they rolled down her majestic hills, would re-echo with a
kind of Heavenly music " Thanks to England—Justice to
Ireland." _ _

The Honourable Gentleman then withdrew, amid the
most deafening and enthusiastic cheers.
In a few minutes Mr. O'Connell left the Hall, and pro-
ceeded on foot, surrounded by a large body of his friends,
and followed by the immense multitude, the band playing,
See, the Conquering Hero comes," through Church-
street, Lord-street, and Castle-street, to the Royal Ex-
change. His reception on 'Change was exceedingly flat-
tering, and the Hon. Gentleman seemed to enjoy the cir-
cumstance of his first public appearance in the late strong-
hold of the Tories. He then proceeded to the Exchange
News-room, which it is well known is the hot-bed of
Liverpool Toryism. The room is a very handsome and
spacious one, capable of containing about 2,000 persons,
and on his arrival it was packed by about 500 individuals,
the greater portion of whom collected themselves into a
knot, and as soon as Mr. O'Connell made his appearance,
and before the great body of gentlemen by whom he was
accompanied could gain admittance, the door was closed,
and a most frightful yell issued from the little knot, who
had taken possession of the room in the„ first instance. The
yell was, however, soon overpowered by the loud and
triumphant cheers of the other party. The scene was one
of very great confusion for some moments, and it was at
one time feared that the Tories would resort to other
weapons than abuse in their vexation and disappointment.
Mr. O'Connell afterwards visited the Town-hall and other
public buildings. •
THE DINNER

took place at the Corn Exchange, which was fitted up in a
very elegant manner for the occasion. Thirty tables,
capable of fully accommodating thirty-six persons each were
arranged across the room, and all were completely filled,
making the number of persons present upwards of a thousand.
Large festoons of evergreen and laurel were suspended from
the numerous pillars which supported the roof—the expres-
sive Irish phrase " Cuid mille failt"—and. hundred thou-
sand welcomes was emblazoned in gold letters on each side
of the chair, and in various parts of the room. Immediately
over the chairman was a large crown, and a variety of flags,
adorned the walls. Among them we observed the Union
Jack. Another with the inscription " Freedom for Eng-
land, peace for the world," " The Tradesmen of Liverpool,
aid Independence ;" the Liverpool Arms, &c., &e. The
whole was brilliantly lighted with gas, and a very excellent
band which was in attendance, contributed much to the har.
mony of the evening. At half-past,five Mr. O'Connell, ac-
companied by the members of the committee, and others,
entered the room, and was received by the whole company
standing, .with loud and reiterated cheering. The Hon.
Member acknowledged the compliment by bowing repeat-
edly, and appeared in excellent health and spirits.—
The Chair was taken by William Rathbone, Esquire,
of Greenbank, and the Vice-Chair was very ably
filled by James Mullineux, Esquire. .On the right
of the Chairman sat the honoured guest of the evening
Mr. O'Connell, Thos. J. Hall, Esq., stipendiary Magis-
trate under the new Municipal Bill, Rigby Wason, Esq.,
M.P., the Rev. \Doctor Youens, and on the left, Wm.
Ewart, Esq., M.P., Colonel Williams, Morgan O'Connell,
Esq., M.P., M. O'Connell, Esq. of Liverpool, &c. &c. A
great number of the new town councillors, whose names
we did not learn, were also.present. The wines, among
which were a profusion of claret, champagne, madeira,
port, sherry, &c., were excellent, and the entire arrange-
ments were most creditable to the stewards, who were in-
defatigable in their attention, and to Mr. Towers of the
Angel Inn, who was caterer on the occasion.
When the cloth had been removed, the CHAIRMAN rose
and said—Our first toast, gentlemen, is the Monarch under
whose reign we have had no war—under whose reign sla-
very has been annihilated, Parliamentary Reform has been
granted to the empire, Municipal Reform to England and
Scotland, and, we hope, will soon be given to Ireland—
(Tremendous cheering,) The Chairman then gave, " The
King of the United Kingdom"—(Tremendous cheering,
and three times three.) Air—God Save the King.
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, I now call upon you, as
gallant men, to drink.
" Her Majesty the Queen."—(Great cheering, and some
hisses.) The toast was drank with all the honours.-„,
CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, the next toast involves a pledge
which we shall be ready to redeem—( Hear, hear)—should
the occasion arise—
" The Princess Victoria : in the hearts of the people she
is safe from faction."—(Shouts of applause, and cries of
" Bravo.") Air—" Here's a health to all good lasses."
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, I now give you, the Prance
who has dared to be honest to the people in the worst of
times—(Applause)--
" The Duke of Sussex, the steady and persevering advo-
cate of civil and religious liberty."—(Great cheering.)
Air—" The Duke of Sussex's March."
The- CHAIRMAN—The next toast is freedom's watch-
word— _ _

" The People, the legitimate source of all political power."
—(Great applause.) Air—" Oh, dear ! what can the mat-
ter be ?"

The CHAIRMAN shortly afterwards rose and said, Gen.
denten, the next toast is one of deep interest to us all. It
is full of gratitude for the past—high and pleasing antici-
pations for the future. It is the health of those distin-
guished men who direct the destinies of the nation—who
have placed their reliance on the people, and on whom the
people rely—" Lord Melbourne, and his Majesty's Mi-
nisters."—(This toast was drank with the greatest en-
thusiasm.)
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, in proposing the next
toast, I claim your indulgenoe for a very few moments.
The occasion upon which we are met is not one of ordinary
occurrence. It is to do honour to him to whom we as men
of Liverpool are under deep obligation for his efforts in
favour of our purification ; as Englishmen for his support
of Parliamentary and Municipal Reform, awl of every
measure calculated to improve the condition or to vindicate
the rights and liberties of the people, But above all,
looking to the importance of that portion of the arnpire, as
the honest, the ardent, and the highly gifted advocate of
the people of Ireland—'"Daniel O'Connell, Esq. and (i
is all he asks) Justice coi: Ireland."
This toast was received with tremenu...._
ping of )m s, ilnd waving of handkerchiefs, which iast.,
for several minutes,

4"v", cheering, clap-

•

' Mr. O'CosisiELL then rose, and the cheering was again
renewed. He said—Men of Liverpool, the feeling with
which I receive the simultaneous cheer with which my
name has been greeted is greatly enhanced by the circum-
stance that the honest men from whom it has emanated are
persons on whom I have no claim, and whom I have never
seen before, and whose acts, as well as voices, must spring
from other than personal motives.—(Cheers.) [Some in-
terruption here occurred from o few noisy individuals in a
remote part of the room. 'I he Chairman having inter-
posed, order was imme liately restored.) I was speaking
to you, gentlemen, most unaffectedly of the im-
pression made on my mind by the enthusiastic
cheer, that followed the mention of my humble name ;
but when I do so, do not mistake me by supposing that I
was gratifying or indulging in any absurd idea, that I owed
to any personal merits of my own the kindness with which
you greet me ; and my delight was greatly enhanced by
the recollection, that your kindness was not owing to any
personal feeling in my favour, but to the deep interest
which you take in the fate of my unfortunate country.--
(Cheers.) It has claims on you—claims on your interests,
on your justice, and on your generosity better than all.—
(Great applause.) She has claims on your interests, be-
cause she cannot be miserable or degraded without your
partaking in her afflictions and wretchedness. She has
clainis on your interest,•because she cannot be prosperous
without, blessed be Heaven I your sharing in that prospe-
rity ; and I shall put it in a khort and familiar calculation,
for if every man in Ireland was enabled to lay out only one
pound every year in the purchase of British manufactures,
would there not be a revenue of six millions a-year addi-
tional for the encouragement of your trade and commerce ?
—(Hear, and cheers.) Although you have this deep inte-
rest in her prosperity, I would not appeal to your in-
terests, but to your justice and your generosity.—( Hear,
hear.) Ireland, blessed be God, is, beyond any other
country on the face of the earth, in her natural
advantages. No summer's sun burns her soil into fertility,
and no winter's frost chills her into barrenness. Possessed
of. navigable harbours open to every time and tide, and
sheltered from every wind that blows. Her lovely vallies,
shining in the face of heaven in greenness, fertility, beauty,
and everything that can feed and fatten and pamper the
human being, and all that is majestic in visions of beauty
and romantic scenery.—(Applause.) Why, then, is she in
a state of degradation and misery Why, with all these
natural blessings and advantages, is she so impoverished and
wretched ? Englishmen, I will tell you. Because she did
govern herself, but you misgOverned her.—(Loud cheering.)
I do not blame Englishmen for their acquiescence in it—
for you were yourselves the victims of that misgovern-
ment ; but you ultimately righted yourselves. You lopped
off the head of one King—in that you were wrong. You
deposed another—and there you were right.—(Cheering.)
You have since then kept the kingly power within such
bounds, that Kings now only reign for the good of the
people, and you have Ministers who are responsible for
their acts.—(Great cheering.) Ireland's misgovernors have
ever had fair play and a clear stage—they governed through
faction, and for a faction. They got up divisions and dis-
sensions to serve their purposes—they engaged party
against party—they set Protestant against Catholic,
not on account of the interests of religion or of charity,
for these dissensions had nothing of religion, nothing of
Protestantism in their nature.—(Applause.) I regret that
many have disgraced the name of Protestantism in the
present day, by making it a part of their stock in trade of
politics—they have talked of religion, but it was a thing
which they knew nothing at all about.—(Cheers.) They
have mocked the name of religion, while their views were
earthly and paltry. Ireland has been hitherto misgoverned,
and for my own part, from the earliest days of my boyhood
my aspirations have been knitted into the determination to
struggle for the good of my country.—(Cheers.) I ask
nothing but justice, and I will not take less.—(Cheers.)
I look upon the relation in which England stands to Ireland
as a sort of national debt, and I shall not be content with
less than twenty shillings in the pound. I shall cheerfully
forgive the by-gone interest of persecution and misgovern-
ment, but not one particle of the principal ; and until the
whole is paid, I shall continue to appeal to the
good sense and intelligence of Englishmen.—(Applause.)
It appears to me a proposition of the plainest demonstra-
tion, that in order to succeed, there is but one maxim, and
that is—always to be right. I was right in demanding jus-
tice for Ireland. At the period I began, conscience was
fettered—the Penal Code discrraced the statute-book, and
the direst penalties were entailed on those who, like myself,
believe as my father taught me, and my conscience prescribed.
In my native land I could leave no inheritance to my child-
ren that would not be blackened and defiled by the odious
taint of an inferior and degraded religion. I looked for
justice upon this point with no sectarian feeling, with no
advocacy of any particular sect or religion, but on the broad
principle that conscience ought to be free.—(Great
cheering.) I considered that the moment human
law interfered in matters of conscience it became
usurping and blasphemous. Thank Heaven the period has
gone by when any religious opinions can be enforced by
penal codes, or at the point of the bayonet.—(Cheers.) I
advocated the removal of religious disabilities on the broad
principle that conscience should be free. I have had the
ineffable delight of feelirig that we who struggled for the
establishment of that great principle, have been the means
of shoving the Protestant Dissenters into the constitution
even before we got into it ourselves.—(Tremendous cheer-
ing.) Well, gentlemen, having now gained that object,
I have always said, while struggling for it, that it was not
an end—all it did was to place Roman Catholics on the
same footing with Protestants ; but it did not extend trade
or introduce capital, or make commerce flourish. It was
merely a means for end, and its ultimate object is for the
benefit of the whole British empire. These ulterior mea-
sures could not be carried forward so lorg as the Catholics
remained unemancipatcd—so long as the bitter sectarian
struggle was going on, tiothing useful could be effected.
When some additional power was conferred on them, the
people soon began to see that there was no pretext for hav-
ing Parliament in a state of corruption. They succeeded
in that point, and I would ask have the friends of Reform
any thing to regret in the mode of. its operation ?—(No,
no.) It brought a new class of men from Ireland—l my-
self have been elected for no less than three counties in one
Session.—(Laughter and much cheering.) The poets and
orators of ancient times starved while they were living,
and Homer, who was in that position, had ten
cities contending for the honour of his birth.
after his death. The people of Ireland did .not wait for
my death ; they contended for me while living, and have,
in various places, conferred upon me what they call the ho-
nour, and what I term the happiness of defending their
rights and interests.—(Hear.) Look at the votes of the
new class of men who have by this means been sent . from
Ireland. See how they have voted on all occasions. I
fearlessly ask you have they ever voted to increase the bur-
dens of the people ? or to take away a single franchise from
the people ? Have we ever been absent when British liberty
required that we should fight in its defence? Have we ever
opposed any concessions made to a free people by a ra-
tional and liberal Government.—(No, no.) We have
stood by the side of Englishmen and fought the good fight
until the disgrace of negro slavery was banished from Eng-
land, and sent across the Atlantic.—(Applause.) We have
fought by your side until we have not only gained Parlia-
mentary but Corporate Reform, eel have given to Liver-
pool such men as him who sits beside me.—(Loud cheer-
ing.) You are perhaps already aware that lam the best
abused man in England or Ireland, and one of
the calumnies uttered against me is, that 1
am the means of keeping Lord Melbourne
in his place as Minister. Suppose I am—remember it is
not proved, but I ask of you to believe it for a moment—
what does it amount to, but that you are repaying me by
your kindness to-day for having been the instrument in pro-
curing for you your present measure of Corporate Reform.
It is, in my opinion, but the instalment of Corporate Re-
form, but the honest men of Liverpool have made it worth
forty shillings to the pound.—(Loud cheering.) What do I
now seek for ?—Justice. I demand the settlement of the
Tithe Question. But let us understand each other upon that
point. In the first place, my own opinion is, and I have never
concealed it—my opinion is that no man is sincere in his
professions of religion who is not 'able to pay for the sup-
port of the ministers of that religion.—(Vehement cheer-
ing.) What is the use if a man be sincere of setting traps
to catch piety. I could as soon think of its being justice
when one man would fall sick that he should, although rich
himself, levy a tax upon his poor neighbours for his
medical advice. I ask Englishmen is that common
sense—is it justice ? If a rich fool goes to law—and
in all my experience none but fools do go to law--
should the rich fool and the rich knaves levy a lox
upon their former neighbours to pay their attorney and
counsel. This is precisely the case with the tithe ques-
tion. The poor man is compelled to pay for the spiritual
instruction of the rich man. Suppose, as I once put the
case in London, that a man was going out in his tax-cart
to Hyde-park, would it not be monstrous if he was asked
to pay toll because there was a toll at Lambeth, although
he was not going there at all ?—(Hear, and much cheer-
ing.) Such is the tithe system ; and all I want is that
every man shall be allowed to pay toll on his own road to
Heaven only, and I say Heaven speed each man on his road'
You think perhaps, that is what I ought to ask, and you are
right. But all Ido ask is this—there is a state provision
in Ireland which should be applied to supply the wants of
all the Protestant Establishment there, and then, when that
is supplied, and it will not be necessary to have clergymen
keeping coaches and four at Cheltenham or Bath—it will
not be necessary, I assure you to have a Dean of Derry.
or any other Dean, travelling through the continent with
carriages and four and out hear,)
VFr-
haps the people of England don't understand PI:01'P"
sense, or never did. If so, this is a spiritual want, which
with. no prow U9vcrapaca ig
they cannot
