LONDON, MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 20, 18;35.

SALE OF THE FERI%IOY ESTATE.

(From the Cork Evening Ileeald7)

At half-past two o'clock on Mendny last, the Great Room
of the Imperial Clarence Hotel, exhibited a vast concourse of
the resident gentry of our city and county, to witness the dis-
posal of this very extensive estate. After Mr. W. W. Simp-s
son had read the conditions upon which the sale would be
effected.--

Mr. REED desired to know whether, in the event of the
title not being made good, the money which would be depo-
sited in part payment for the same, by the purchaser or pur-
chasers, would be repaid, with the amount of interest which
would arise out of it ? Such, they were aware, was the gene-
ral practice, on all sales effected in the Court of Chancery.
Was. B. WALLACE, Esq. replied, by stating that if the title
was not made good, the deposit advanced-would in that case be
refunded, with 5 per cent. interest.
Mr. W. W. SIMPSON then read the following, from which
it will be seen that the estate is very extensive ; and cannot
prove otherwise than a very valuable investment for the pur-
chaser.

The Fermoy estate is freehold and tithe free, and situate
18 miles north of the city of Cork, on the high road to Dublin.
It comprehends the manor of Fermoy, the tolls and customs of
the markets and fairs held in the town, and 940 acres of pro-
ductive arable, fine grazing wood land, of which about 301
acres are on the north side of the river, and 639 acres on the
south side, exclusive of the sites of the barracks, dwelling-
houses, buildings, orchards, nurseries, gardens and yards in
and about the town, which embrace an extent of about 98
acres, making in the whole 1,038 acres, 16 perches. The
town is built in an uniform and handsome manner, on the'
banks of the Blackwater river, and contains a population of
nearly 7,000 inhabitants. The buildings comprise a very ex-
tensive brewery, flour mills of great magnitude and of a most
superior description, 7 detached family mansions surrounded
by pleasure grounds and gardens, the King's Arms and
Murphy's Hotels, upwards of 650 excellent residences, public
and private houses, shops, cottages, and tenements, together
with the mail-coach yard and stabling of great extent, a paper
mill, several store-houses, manufacturing premises, and a vast
number of other buildings, applied to a variety of purposes.
The property is let as follows, viz.—on leases for ever ; on
leases for lives and various fixed terms, mostly renew-
able ; and to Tenants at will. The Rental amounts altoge-
ther to 50731. ls. aid., per annum, British currency, and is
generally well secured, a considerable portion of the income
consisting of land rents. Fermoy is an inland town, delight-
fully situate, and a permanent and considerable Military Sta-
tion, which greatly adds to its trade and prosperity. It is
a good market for all descriptions of grain, and water-car-
riage is only 10 miles distant.
The only out-goings to which the estate is subject are as
follows :

Quit and Crown Rents l7l. 2s. sd. per ann.
Salary to the. Curate of the Parish 181. 9s. 3d.

351. I Is. Bd.
After reading the above, Mr. Simpson said that this was
the second time he appeared in this part of Ireland for the ptir-
pose of disposing of extensive estates ;—on the former occa-
sion he was singularly successful, and he felt confident from
the great kindness he had experienced from many of the gen-
tlemen who then surrounded him, that he should have to con-
gratulate himself upon a similar good fortune now. He was
happy in being acquainted with many of the gentlemen who
were then present, and as he regarded truth, he begged to as-
sure them that he would never mystify, by any exaggerations
of his own, any of those extensive estates which he had been
honoured by offering to them for disposal. For the last two
years he had been principally engaged in offering estates for
sale in Ireland, and he had invariably, as he had been in.
formed, given very general satisfaction both to venders
and purchasers, the purchaser and the disposer. In the
present case, he would offer the Fermoy Estate in one
lot, which, if npt then disposed of, he would offer in
55 Lots as had been advertised, setting forth the par-
ticulars of each with some appropriate remarks, and as he pro-
gressed through them, he should feel most happy in returning
answers to any interrogatories which might be put to him, with
respect to the situation and capabilities of each lot. hi which-
ever manner the estate was disposed of, whether in the whole
or in divisions, the gentlemen around him might feel assured
that it was most beautifully situated, and perhaps, for he had
been at much pains to survey and examine it, the handsomest
in this country. Kinsale may be considered as in a corner of
this county, while Fermoy is situated in the high road to Dub-
lin, with an excellent and highly respectable landed proprietary
resident in its vicinity, and it may fairly be anticipated, that
when improvements are made in Ireland, such as are needed—
and every Administration ought to legislate for it—and when
English capital is introduced into this country, that then For-
moy would be greatly benefitted in particular, while Ireland
generally would weather all the storms which at present lower
over her politi6l hemisphere. It was unnecessary to varnish
or over-colour this picture ; every person who read the pros-
pectus must see, that there was on the estate several very large
manufactories, comprising a paper and flour mill, with a large
and extensive brewery, while the rents are well collected, and
the habits of the people being industrious anti moderate,
labour is procurable at a very small remuneration. Ano-
ther great advantage which this country, as well
as the United Kingdom will, shortly possess, in addition
to the Steam Navigation which now prevails, will be that of
the great Rail-roads, which are now progressing throughout
England, and which have commenced so auspiciously in Ire-
land, and which will shortly, no doubt, intersect this part of the
United Kingdom. When English capital would flow in this
country, for without, or independent of the resources of Eng-
land, this country cannot prosper, Fermoy must unquestionably
benefit by such a happy circumstance. Then would that de-
plorable system of the combination of factions and of parties,
which at present distract this country, be for ever abolished,
and by a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether, we
would remodel those institutions, which have stood so long the
pride and the boast of our country, where reformation could be
considered requisite, and we would establish them still further
on a mare permanent basis. He would not detain them longer
with those observations which had siiggested themselves to his
mind, but would, without further preface, offer the entire of
.the .Fermoy Estate for 65,000/. • •
In about ten minutes afterwards, it was knocked down, as
stated. 144f1y in our last, to Sir- Robert Abercrombie, Bart.,
of Birkenburgh, Banffshire, Scotland, for 70,000 L, after a
short competition between the gentlemen present, outbidding
each other by 500/. the lowest offer that would be accepted.
Thui has the Fermoy Estate been disposed of, through the
efficient skill and ability of Mr. W. W. Simpson, and when
we learn that within the last six months this gentleman has
disposed of three different -estates in this country—the Down-
patrick, Kinsale, and now the Fermoy, amounting in all, to
upwards of 300,0004, vie cannot but think that he has been
eminently successful. •

Commander-in. Chief to proceed to join in India by the ships
of the approaching season.
Captains Pigott and Montgomery, Lieutenants Dalgety and
Tench, and Ensigns Bates, Graves,tCrawley, and Erskine, of
the 45th, have been directed by the Commander-in-Chief to
proceed to join in India by the ships of the approaching season.
About 300 men of the 48th have returned home in the
Charles Grant and Boyne, after an absence of 18 years, having
been stationed in New South Wales and India, where they
bore a conspicuous part in the Burmese war. There are not
more than 50 of the original regiment returned. The sick
have been sent to Fort Pitt Hospital, and the remainder have
marched to Canterbury.
B. Major Wilkinson, Lieutenants Daniell and Grant, En-
signs Shakspeare and M'Lean, of the 49th, have been directed
by the Commander-in-Chief to proceed to join in India by the
ships of the approaching season.
It has, been said that the 52d regiment is to proceed to Cey-
lon, to replace the 61st, ordered to India.
Ensign Horton, of the 54th, has been directed by the Com-
mander-in-Chief to proceed to join in India by the ships of
the approaching season.
Lieutenant Hope, Ensign Daubeney, Quarter-Master Cror
zier, and Surgeon Shanks, of the 55th, have been directed by
the Commander-in-Chief to proceed to join in India by the
ships of the approaching season.
Lieutenants Bate, Foot, Morgan, Turner, and Lynch, of the
57th, have been directed by the Commander-in-Chief to pro-
ceed to join in India by the ships of the approaching season.
Lieutenant Hoey, of the 61st, is ordered to join his regiment
at •Ceylon.
Captain Short, Lieutenant Stopford, Ensign Gason, and T:
Scott, of the 62d, have been directed by the Commander-in-
Chief to jan in India by the ships of the approaching season.
Captains Wentworth and Fry, Ensigns Cassan, Berdmore,
and Hopton, of the 63d, have been directed by the Comman-
der-in-Chief to join in India by the ships of the approaching
season.
On Wednesday last a detachment of the 72d disembarked at
Gravesend from Scotland, and the following morning marched
to Chatham barracks.
Ensign Warde of the 74th, succeeded Lieutenant Robert-
son as Aide-de-Camp on the staff of Major-General Sir Lionel
Smith at Barbadoes.
The late Lieutenant Ireland, of the 76th was the sixth
brother who died in his country's service, five others having
been killed under the Duke of Wellington. The only surviv-
ing one now is Captain Ireland, chief magistrate of police at
Belmullet.
Ensign Wittingham, of the 83d, will not accompany the
detachment about to embark for Halifax.
Major Mac Bean, K. H., of the 84th, in command at Jamaica,
since the death of Lieut- Colonel Keyt, has had a complimen-
tary address presented to him by the justices and vestry of
Hanover, in that island. Captain Bernard has also had a
complimentag address presented to him by the magistrates
and inhabitants of Westmoreland, Jamaica, on the removal of
his detachment from that part of the island where they were
stationed at the critical period of the slavery abolition.
The transports that are to convey the 43d to New Bruns-
wick, after taking the 34th to Halifax are to return with the
96th regiment to England. The draft intended for the ser-
vice companies at Nova 'Scotia has been countermanded, in
consequence of the regiment being ordered home, the period of
service having expired.
The intended draft for the service companies of the 97th at
Ceylon has been countermanded, in consequence of the regi-
ment being ordered home, the period of service having ex-
pired.
Lieut. Campbell of the Royal Artillery (son of Colonel
Campbell, R. A.), while sitting on the wharf at Jamaica, the
first week in March, with his legs hanging over the side, a
canoe approached, in which was a party of gentlemen return-
ing from an excursion. By some accident a gun in the hands
of one of the gentlemen went off, the contents of which struck
Lieut. Campbell in the head of the knee-joint, and so shock-
ingly fractured it as to render amputation above the knee im-
mediately necessary. We are happy to say that he was doing
as well as could possibly be expected. Colonel Mitchell's
company has arrived at Clonmell from Dublin to replace Major
Jackson's. Colonel Foster's term
‘of. duty as Commanding
Officer of Artillery in Portsmouth' having expired, Lieut.-
Colonel Charles Gilmour is appointed to succeed him.
Lieut.-Colonel Birch of -the Royal Engineers has been
obliged to resign his command at Malta in consequence of ill
health. _

—.....
Captain Sir T. Hare, 2d Life Guards ; First Lieutenant
Eaton, of the Rifles ; and Ensign Atherton, of the 44th, have
retired from the army this week.
Captain A. Robertson, half-pay, succeeded Captain Sidley,
86th Regiment, as Major of Brigade at Demerara.
The 94th and 95th Regiments were the, first corps of the
new levy raised in December 1823, and have been ever since,
excepting a few months, upon foreign service. In the last
eleven years both regiments have changed their • Colonels,
Lieutenant-Colonels, and Majors,
The Corsham Yeomanry Cavalry had a field-day on Wed-
nesday, when they marched into Melksham in excellent order.
The troops afterwards sat down to a capital dinner at the King's
Arms Inn, provided by Mr. Bird. Captain Fuller presided,
and the evening was passed in the utmost harmony.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)

PORTSMOUTH, APRIL 18.—The Magicienne, 24, has been
this week commissioned• by Captain St. John Mildmay ; the
Clio, 16, by Commander W. Richardson, both at this port ;
and the Pearl, 20, by Commander Nurse, at, Sheerness. The
Madagascar, 42, Semarang, 28, and Pylades, 18, it is said,
are also to be com Missioned; but we have heard of no appoint-
ments to them.
The Sapphire, 28, fitting in this harbour, is intended for ser-
vice in the Aediterranean.
The MadagaselT frigate was taken into dock on Monday.
The Firebrand stea.ner is ordered to bring round from Lon-
don Lord Amherst's The Pique frigate, Honourable
Captain Rous, whiCh is to coilvy his :Lordship to Quebec,
will be ready for sea on Thursday. ft is expected the Pique
will go to New York, and remain to bring his Lordship to
England again, as his mission will not occupy more than three
months.
The Jupiter, Captain A Court, fitting at Sheerness for the
conveyance of Lord Heytesbury, the new Governor-General,
and his staff, to Calcdtta, will have completed her arrange-
ments by Tuesday next. - His Lordship will embark from this
port. General Sir H. Fane and staff will also take passage in
'the Jupiter.
• The Imogene, 18, was at Manila, on her way from China,
on the 13th or November; the North Star, 28, at Pernam-
buco 9th of February ; the Satellite, 18, at Callao on the 26th
of December.

The /Etna surveying ship, Lieut. Arlett, was at Mogadore
on the 25th of March.

The Mangles 'arrived yesterday from the eastward to em-
bark convicts from the hulks at this port for Van Dienien's
Land. On her arrival at Hobart Town she will proceed to
China for a cargo of tea.
The Canada, New York packet-ship, is at Spithead for her
passengers, and will sail on Monday morning.
The Basilisk steamer leaves Chatham to-day for South
America. She will touch at Plymouth, from thence to Ma-
deira and Rio Janeiro, and ultimately round the Horn to Val-
paraiso, on particular service.
The Doncaster, freight ship, with Government stores and
passengers, sailed from Spithead on Thursday for the Mau-
ritius. _ _ _

The Sesostris sailed for the Cape of Good Hope on Monday.
Every effort to raise the Hound, revenue cutter, having,
after sweeping, been found unavailing, the buoy boat and
Lively cutter, with two dockyard lumps, returned from Wey-
mouth this morning ; with the assistance of these, however,
the Swallow had been floated, and taken into Weymouth
harbour, and she will be repaired.
In Harbour—Victory, Royal George, Excellent, Pique,
Sapphire, Tweed, and Clio.
At Spithead—Camelion and Mangles, convict ship.
Commander W. Henvcy is ordered to be borne on the Vic-
tory's books for full pay, pending some experiments he is
making with a newly-invented tube for firing guns.
PROMOTIONS AND APPOIN FMENTS.—Capt. A. L. Corry,
Lieuts. Frederick Hutton, C. M. Mathison, Kynaston Cor-
bet, F. Shelley, and J. H. Windham, Mr. John Davies,
Master, Mr. William Huey, Surgeon, Mr. H. B. H. Long,
Purser, and Mr. Burdwood, Second Master, to the Barham ;
Capt. G. W. St. John Mildmay, Lieuts. Hon. B. C. F. P.
Carey, and J. R. R. Lilburn, Mr. B. W. Robinson, Master,
Mr. G. R. Nicholson, Second Master, and Mr. Robert Tron-
son, Purser, to the Magicienne ; Commander Wrn. Richard-
son, Mr. Thomas Morgan, Master, and Mr. William Cotsell,
Purser, to the Clio ; Commander Hugh Nurse, and Lieut.
Henry Matson; to the Pearl - Commander E. F. Frankland
is promoted to the rank of daptain, Lieuts. E. H. Kenney,
and R. E. Bullen, Mr. John Maddocks, Purser, and Mr. W.
Price, Surgeon, to the Excellent; Lieut. John Foote, Mr.
John C. , Colborne, Acting Master, 'and Mr. A. Jeffreys,
Mate, to the Sapphire ; Licut. James A. Bate, Mr. Henry
Price, Surgeon, and Mr. B. Dowling, Clerk, to the Tweed ;
Lieut. Thomas Chaloner to the Dublin ; Licut. A. Kortright,
to the San Josef; Mr. George Mottley, Assistant-Surgeon of
the Plover, and Mr. A. K. Ballard, Assistant-Surgeon of the
Blazer, to be Surgeons ; Messrs. S. Wymiss and Cox, Second
Masters, to be Masters ; Mr. R. B. Hinds to be an Assistant-
Surgeon, and to do duty at Plymouth Hospital ; Mr. W.
Ledstone, Second Master, to the Pique ; Mr. Cashman,
Mate; to the Jackdaw.—Royal Marines—Second-Lieut. A.
J. Molesworth, to the Tweed ; First-Lieut. G. Evans Hunt,
to the Sapphire.
PLYMOUTH, APRIL 16.—The Dublin, 50, Captain Hope,
sailed on Friday for South America. The Chatnpion, COM.
Fair, came into harbour on Friday, to be docked t<O refit. The
Lord Melville transport sailed for Beimulda on Saturday,
having on board worked granite prepared for buildings that are
being erected. there. The Cleopatra will be launched from
Pembroke Yard, Mx-int the 28th inst., when, she will be taken
charge of by Mr. Walker, Assistant-Master attendant of, this
dock-yard, who with a party of seamen from the San .105(.4,
14111 r,lavigate the Cleopatra to Sheerness, The Industry Ow

PRICE 7D.

naval transport) fitted for a floating chapel destined for the
Isle of Man, will be ready in a few days to be removed thence
under jury gear.
In Hamoaze—San Josef, Champion.
In the Sound—Romney.
(From the West Kent Guardian.)

- WOOLWICH, APRIL 18.—The Athol troop ship, with 200 of
the Royal Artillery, sailed on Saturday last, for Newfoundland
and Halifax.

The Rhadamanthus will be paid off on Tuesday next.
The Star was commissioned on Wednesday last, and the
Carron this day.
The Messenger will leave for Plymouth and Pembroke, about
Tuesday next, for the purpose of towing his Majesty's ship
Cleopatra from the latter place to Sheerness. She is to bring
round several shipwrights and their families, who have volun-
teered for Sheerness yard.
The Jupiter will embark the Governor- General of India and
suite, and sail for Portsmouth and Calcutta about the 22d.
The Pluto will embark the Ambassador for Persia and sute,
and leave for Plymouth and Trebisond about the 27th.
The Sylph tender has been placed under the orders of Com-
mander Bullock, to enable him to complete the survey of the
rivers Thames and Medway, commenced about five years since.
Lieutenant William Allen (1815), who accompanied the
Messrs. Landers in their expedition to explore the Niger, has
bees appointed to assist in the survey.
The Ethalion has been taken into dock to have her copper
stripped off, previously to be towed to Harwich to be employed
as a breakwater off the dockyard. . .

The Star is to be launched during the ensuing spring tides.
Ships in commission at the Port—William and Mary, Jupi-
ter, Messenger, Meteor, Firebrand, Pluto, Rhadamanthus,
Star, and Carron.
Sir James Graham, Sir Thomas Hardy, and the Surveyor
of the Navy, visited this yard on Saturday last, and minutely
inspected the works in progress. They afterwards proceeded
to Deptford Victualling Yard for a similar purpose.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

ADVICES, ARRIVALS, 'AND DEPARTURES AT

THE SCOTCH WHARFS, APRIL 18.

HOARE'S WHARF.—Advice : the Kirkaldy and London
Shipping Company's smack Fifeshire, James Grant master,
arrived at Kirkaldy the 15th inst. Arrivals : the Arbroath
and London Shipping Company's smack Maria, Burnett
master, from Arbroath, with a general cargo ; and the Blossom,
Wm. West master, from Banff, with cattle. Departure : the
Camollo, Wm. Urquhart master, for Leith, with a general
cargo.
DOWNE'S WHARF. —No advices or arrivals. Departures :
on the 17th, the Bridport and London Shipping Company's
vessel Busy, Angel master, for 'Bridport ; and the Mon-
trose smack Osnaburg, Keith master, for Montrose, both
with general cargoes; and yesterday morning the Dundee,
Perth, and London Shipping Company's smack Courier, Wm.
Mills master, for Dundee.
CA RRON WII A RF. —No advices or arrivals. Departures :
the Carron Shipping Company's vessel Juno, Thos. M'Aulley
master, for Carron, with a general cargo.
MILLER'S WHARF. —No advices. Arrival : the London and
Edinburgh Shipping Company's smack Superb, Mein Ander-
son master, from Leith, with a general cargo. Departures :
the London and Edinburgh Shipping Company's smack Pilot,
George, Howie master, for Leith ; and the Aberdeen and
London Shipping Company's smack Nimrod, Phillip
master, for Aberdeen, both with general cargoes.
ABERDEEN STEAM-WHARF.—Departure : the steam-ship
Duke of Wellington, John Walker commander, with goods
And passengers, for Aberdeen..
LEITH AND GLASGOW WHARF. —No advices or arrivals.
Departure : the steam-ship Royal William, Andrew Richard-
son commander, for Leith, with goods and passengers.
LEITH AND BERWICK WHARF. —NO advices or arrivals.
Departure : the London and Leith Old Shipping Company's
smack Lord Wellington, Nicholson master, for Leith, with
a general cargo.
DUNDEE AND ST. ANDREWS WHARFS.—Arrival : the Glas-
gow Packet, J. Leighton master, from Glasgow. Departure:
the Pilot, John Ovenston master, for Leith.
LEITH STEAM- slurs FROM BLACKWALL. —Departure : the
James Watt, Captain Jamieson, for Leith, with a general
cargo and passengers.

VESSELS ENTERED INWARDS AT THE CUSTOM
HOUSE, APRIL 18.

Belfast, Middleton, from Calais; Columbine, Stranack,
Hamburg ; Alexander, Sorrenson, Gottenburg; Jane, San-
derson, Mogadore ; London, Pearson, Rotterdam; Superior,
Smith, Havre; Caroline, Read, Turk's Island; Vree Gebro-
ders, Tokkema, Workum ; Mary, Custance, Morto and Corfu;
Glasgow Packet, Laighton, Glasgow ; Jane, Taylor, Hull;
Glory, Pope, Tarragona.
ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADING, APRIL 18.

Neptune, Haecks, for Ostend; Cecilia, Walker, Quebec;
Vrouw Theresia Josepha, Simons, Antwerp ; Maria Louise,
Holwedel, Emden; Active, Warman, Dunkirk; Anne Cherie,
Bernard, Havre and Rouen; Lady Clinton, Lindall, Naples;
Concord, Martin, Alicante; Roger, Rasch, Christiana.
CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO, APRIL 18.
Batavier, Dunlop, for Rotterdam; Swift, Way, Lisbon ;
Emily, Batten, Guernsey and Jersey ; Scotia, Liddle, Mar-
seilles • Active, Warman, Dunkirk; Sophia, Beale, Hamburg;
Melanther, Price, Trinidad and Barbadoes; Robert Watt,
Martin, New York; Lord Hawkesbury, Overton, Ostend;
Neptune, Haecks, Ostend.

CLEARED OUTWARDS IN BALLAST, APRIL 18.
\Yawn, Taylor, Bathurst, N. B. ; Eagle, Buchanan, Arch-
angel; Aurora, Bruce, Teneriffe; London, Jackson, Halifax,
N. S. ; Drop Ganner, Vandcrzee, Workum ; Charlotta, Benk,
Elsineur ; Anncia Liberal, Contente, St. Übes; Emilie, Moller,
Baltic.
