courage.'

`Ora r°, • DEC. 18.—The Portuguese laboitr
in-
cessantly for the restoration of their army. Five
thousand men have already marched, from this
City ; more are daily on their, way from the other
parts of the Kingdom. Our first army will consist
Of 26,000 men, in four divisioni,,,which will befol?
lowed by a reserve which is now forming, God
assist and strengthen the Spaniards. The glory they
• 61
will gain. in this struggle is incalculable, and ought
to be a powerful stimulus to us to aet with the same
spirit in our own defence.
. .
The capital abounds in Jacobins, among the num-
ber of whom are •persons of the first rank. ',Several
persons have lately been arrested, and the Police hal'
taketi.fthe, most effeetual Means...tO ciiscover the
traitors. We have been assured that an insurreaion
was planned in Lisbon, which was to have been as-
sisted by the French, who are brill on board the
English Transports, but, thank God, it was &mit,
'wady &nitrated, and the FrenCh were carried to
the White Island, which is held *lie English.
,

. .
Thee •is much talk here ót.the defeat of the
'French at, or neat, Madrid ; and we are confiden'ly
assured that a 'great Viaory IRIS been gained' b) SE•
NORTALA.FOX on the'plains of Arragon anttSavarre.

Coax` DEC.. Ocenpation of Madrid
by thei French,pught not at all to discobrikebs. It
'is ti4#.„lpor4, tliall a century.ago since the Porto:;pep
got possession. of it, but were compelled ,to abandon
it in a few days., The same has beeb repeatedly
the tate of Lisbon. We have been four times .in
possession of it, add .
as often obliged to leae it. Ex-
ample:Sof this Kind, however, are unnecessary. We
haVe stil greater pledges of our ultimate success;
the justice of our muse, in which our hearts and
lands are equally united the assistance Of Great
Mitain, and her engagements.. to co-operate with us
to the k
last • the geuei.al opinion of the world, which'
•
is also' on our side-; and, above all. the .powerful
aids of DiVine Providence, from the beAin-•
.sting, bas clearly manifested itself in our favour.
Nothing,_tlien, ought,todiscourage 113, or to lessen
,our ardour; on the 'contrary, without. withdrawing
,our confidence a single moment from the God of
Armies, let us wait for that fortunate issue, which
we set.' tuudh desire and so.nincli, want, to r:etictle us
from the calamities occasioned by the Tyrant.

PROCLAMATION
,I3V .THE M.GISTRATES OF

COR.UNNA.

To rescue our beloved country from the pressing
danger iu which existing circurnstances unhappily
involve.tt, the Supreme Central Junta has resolved
that all persons capable
,of, bearing arms, from the
acre of fifteen to sixty, with the exception only of
Ecclesiastics, shall enrol and form themselves into *a
body•of Militia, for the :preservation of the public
peace and tranquility, and fur thetlefence of our
homes, our property, our laws, and relil;ion This
city, therefore, without:losing a moment, made pub-
lic these. wise regulations, and a few days issued.
a Proclamation calling on the hbnour.and patriotism
of the people to enlist without delay, and comply
with the terms of the Proclamation. •

Many have already come forward, Out not all,
which has occasioned his Excellency the Com-
"nran-dant. General 'to complain to the Supreme
Junta of the kingdom of this tardy behaviour, in
conSertuence 'of which, an order has' been issued to
punish; witiS the utmost .rigour, whoever: have fail-.
ed.to comply 'With so imnortint a iegulation, cte
clarinz, th.it aftei wards pecuniary fines are tobe hn-
posed, ..vhiLh shall be'applied to the seryice of the
army, should not the invitations and remonstrances
Already einployed. be Sufficient to put an end to the
obstinacy of the delimiters. . • '
This City, which has given to the people so great
and so repeated proofs of that due and becotnittg.re-
gard which it professes for its .citi7.ens, hopes, that
without Coining to such extremity, which would be
a mark bf the greatest infamy that could be impos-
ed 'On a Spaniard possessing any sentiments of honour.
All the citizens will take care to present themselves
within the precise period of four days, which is the
utmost time alloweoltbern.
. ..We are all, without distinetiOn, obliged to defend
.our fire.iiiides., The wisett. laws, ancient'. and modern,'
impose on us 'this sacred duty. Is it Possible that
any of us can have the weakness to wait till we
are compelled by 'force- to do-that: which' wp ought
to do voluntarily ? No, faithful.. inhabitants-of Co.
ruiiPa ! let the words . fraternity, unanimity, and
69014, be our, motto ;. let the great honour of
being honorary militiamen, let the influence and
"Ikower as rnotives
to those who have ,been hitlacitorenatis never lei, it

RC
necessary, 111LUM City 10 MaVe reCOUrie to Telree, 10
compel our dutiful sons, our neighbours,. and fellow-
citizens to do then. duty'. Let all present
and let us all form ourselves into one ecittimitn fa-
mily, and, if po,isible, let -tis be animated only by
one sentimen.6 opzhing the insidious machinations
,of the corptnaiitnelily,' caving'ki to.pur s,nccessors
and posterity this rneinorlbletnonunwilt4Our fittn-
'nesB and

FERNANDO DE` LEON B.ENAVIDEi;
IZAMOS GINZa,
I\IIiNUEL LOPEZ ire I.,AVAWDErir

FL:A X. A NDR gS DE PAZOS MONTEIS4GRO;
By:Older tiib 114agistracb
.7' DON RAFAEL, NOGIY E ItA.
Giyed at Corunna, Dec. t, isos. •, • •

ON)RtO, • Dr.c. t g.---The , Portugne4e are: inces-
santly occupied in 're-establishingtheir military forbr.
Froni this city 50oti:i4seit have already nuircift:.d, and
troops ate d.tily marching from all 'the other patts
the kingdow.. Our.first army will consist 61 2(3,000
men, in four divisions, who are to be followed by
the reserve,- which is already in preparation.
God atisisC6iid invigorate the_ sP.antard, The. glory
'they- reap iwthe present contest- is.inexpres3ible, and

`ought to serve as an efi dual. stimulus to us, in

addition to the interest which we have is 4fending
ourselves.

Our capital is full ofjacob!ns, among whom ale
personages of the first rank. NVit hitt these few
.there have been h number of arrests ; and the POliee
has taken the most effeetual "means :to discover Ole
traitors, it i,positively affirmed, that an nviurrL'e
tion was planned at Liibon., which was to have been
supported-* the. French' still on board' the, English
Vessels there; but thank God, it was .fortunately

prevented, and the Fren'ehs have been conveyed
to the White Isle, wiiiClN is in the hands of the
MANRESA, Nov. Ig.---Letters have reached us
from Cerbera, dated the pith, Stalin.; that the.even-
ing before, t r:(.) men, `with sic pieces of artillery.,
beiongincrjo thc.arrny of the Alargoii de Laz!irt, had
arrived there, and were proceeding .by forced
marches to 'the head=quarters at Martureil. They
tvere to be followed in succession by the other rezi-
meats of the satdivision.
We have also advices oldie same date iron) head(inarters, which state, that the English were born- .
barding Barc,,lona. They add,: that
Sour army had.
got possession of the batteries which t 6. French had
at theßolpitalet ; that an Aide.:de-Camp of Getr.,
'Leclri had gone d'ovvn from NionjuielT to see his Ge-

heral, and Oat the latter immediately -set out 'for the
"slid Castle, but on passing the gate of Santa .I‘ll-
- his coach tiroke down, to consequence of
Which be-went upon horseback, leaving orders Nvith
his mistress, .adage Rua, to pack up every Thing
preparatory to her removal to Monjisich. Thi4 Jody
deelar'es. that she' would prefer belog.at bo,tniagaM
in Italy to remaining in Marcelona. The Walloons,
having.refilsed to acknowledge Joseph Napoleon as
their King, they were made prisorwrs of War,. and
cendutted to .the citadel, where their arms were also
'deposited. Lt consequence of this circum.tancc,
four pieces of 'caqnen were pl„hoed in La Ilambla,i
and the velites and cuirassiers *were 'posted in that
place. Media had been stuck up at the corner of
the streets, by order of General Lechi, directing all
housekeepers to keep their doors shut, and that, utt.
der vin*--ofrini'sluntmt, no Mare thittV i weipersoni•
Sliaitiil be permitted to come out. • Notwithstanding
all this, the letters state that the Harcelone4e seeing
our army at S'arria, Gracia liorter And St.-Andrs,
do net fear the Freooh, but on the contrary, hope,
with God's assistance, that our troops will speedily
deliver them from the oppression which they sutler
from these inhuman banditti.

Vtcu, Nov. 10.—It is reported that General
Soules'diviCon is on the point or entoing Perpig-
nan.: but *neither this nor their other reintoreenaents
give any .couliern ; for, our army is daily increasing,
and'the a6,tivity, Peal, and skill of our General, giiki
great satistltaion 'to 'the troops,, and keep thein, in
high spirits. 'bey are posted at the distante of half
a gun-shot in front of Barcelona. •
A French
,Otliter lately afrived at our lead-quit-
ters with At) QUO dollars and returned to Barcelona.
,This cifeumstanCO, and others or a- similar nature,
'greatly "elieite • our surprize, without • our..being
• -able lo •penetrate. the mystery in which Ale), aro
i involved. .

CORUNNA, DEC! 28.--A Proclamation against ch
sertion has been issued by the 11,Iaitquis De. La 'lto-
Mana, .and dated from the 'head-quarters lit Lean.
It is introdnced-by the following preatuble
When the whole nation is engaged and bound
by a solemn
,oath to defend thejust and, Idwfut right
of the thrOne of our beloved King and Lord,:pen
Ferdinand VII. to revenge-the.,perfidr of the ftnost
odious enemies the world,has known, the injuries
they have dune, and continually do towards our holy
• religinu, and the blood of our brethren shed with
Impunity at Madrid, on the. dreadful 2d of, MAY, io
deliver our country from .the yile slavery to which
they wish tckieduce us, it is absolutely necessary
that alt goad' and particularly those enli -
t d
in .the .arraies, should unitedly cone,,urL in obta, n
log ends
,so sacred.
_The scandalous:disorders in
which the army of the left has retired from'Espi-
no,a to thii city, the number of Chiefs and Otiicerf
who .hate abandoned their corps and ,coepanions,
are nu less injurious to their country's cause
di,-.4raceful to themselves. •These considerations re-
quire toe to -order and command, as by, the pre •
sent, ord4r do command, under the. annexed pe-
nalties‘ . ,

That
" h all Officers and Chiefs, who are at pre-
sent abst;nt corps without just and legiti-
inatecause, and .without pprthission of the .C.Tneral
cotnuunda in Chi f, who do not roturn within the
praCise term of SeVC.Aven days from the-publleat ion of
flit.; order, shall be &wended froth the exercise of
their prriployrneni."
[The ordinance cantatas eighteen niore'articlea,
for the restoration of distiplitie and the punishment
of desertion, for which the setjeants and subalterns
are to he reduced to the ranks for.eight years, and
suffer kevere punitihnaetit:].

A young man was found drowned in a pond at
Chelsea j,esterday morning, and has turned out to
be usher at a boarding-school in ,iierttordshire. He,
it supposed, wet his death by accident., having ..pen;
sjie ilveuing"of Thursday ilatterse.a. Ile is ttio
on ofn bution-amiuflicturerin Mary-le-bone.

04:

TVE,Sr

:._.,..

DAMIADO,I9, OCT. 22. Vie French . prize, the
Sci,i;olier La Polly, from Martinique, bound to
Bourdeilitx, wit h a valuable cargo of coffee, clayed
b/illi;:. cloves, 'U toiseshell, &c. was captured on the
13th inst. to windward of Dominica, by his Attie!,
ty's Brig Superior, Captain. FERULE. La Pony is
a remarkably tine vessel, pierced for 18 guns, but
bad only four mounted,, and commanded by M.
Dasso. _ .

Ueir..43.—His Majesty's Brig Nurta, the optUre;
of which we formerly mentioned, encountered a
corvette ship of 16 32-pound earronajes, four long
11',4,'5; and two long g'3, and_ had on board 405
men; and not itliqautling such supkiority, the ,
-Moja mounting odly 4 G's and 67 'Men, She
beid the unequal contest for one hour and a quarter,
but at last, being driven on the rocks 'near; Buy ;
Mahan, was completely. lost._
Conittlatnier of Op.: -.1/aeto, and Mr. OTossELL,
Midshipman, and four seiMien, IA ere E.illed, and
nine wounded Ole •stirgeon, and three in-
h rior otticers';arrivcd at Dominica on the Itth inst..
front Gandafpure, where the remainder of the crew
were Cal prkoners. •
By accoutitsfrom Domioicx, from ‘t hence we re-
ceived
_the above parliculars, • we also leap that the
eueniy at G:ludal.,,tipe, Still indignant at our capture
of Mirieg".o.lote, is forming a Black Corps, for the
purpose of avenging himself-or., the defenceless Island
of I,lrlontfic rrat.

Elztraa of a letter, dated Gnadaloupe, the 20th of
October, token on board the French Brig V.E..)pair,
anti carried into Antigtia
The price of all kinds of provisions hal- fallen
very Much, owing to the arrival of a great number
of Adiwricans, who have escaped from the United.
States, and also to the arrival of vessels from the
English blonds, which come here under the Danish
Flag; and as they carry away all our specie (the
Elvish at least) sales become every day, wore
difficult, and our produce remains at the lowest ebb?!
