IRELAND.

The tithe war is carried on briskly in the Court of Ex-
chequ2r, by two Protestant Parsons. The messengers of
peace and the teachers of Christianity at present occupy
a position Lut little favourable to the spread of religion,
as professed by them. Amon; the writs of rebellion lately
issued by them may be mentioned those against the Hon.
Member for Tipperary and the Earl O'Neill.
THE PRIEST'S PETITION.—The Tory Journals have
not yet done with the petition of the Rev. Mr. Mulholland,
presented last week to the House of Lords by that pious
and exemplary Christian, Lord Lyndhurst. They dilatn
with much comical gravity on the " thraldom, slavery, &c."
of the Catholic clergy in relation to their bishops, who are
denounced as despots, for exercising control not a tenth
part as arbitrary as that which the Protestant prelates exer-
cise. The state of the humblest Catholic priest in the Irish
Church, as soon as he is ordained by his bishop, or with his
concurrence, is absolute independence compared with that
of a Protestant clergyman, even after he is appointed to a
curacy. His bishop is obliged to provide for him as long
as he cannot be charged with any canonical crime or
misconduct. But how stands the Protestant clergyman ?
At the mere whim of his Bishop, without the slightest im-
pu'ation of guilt of any kind, he may not only be deprived
of his curacy, if he happen to have one, but he may be
totally and absolutely deprived of all right to preach or
perform any other duty in the diocese. No clergyman ..!an
preach or perform duty in the Protestant Church without
a license from the Bishop, which he may withdraw at his
mere pleasure. If the state of the junior Catholic clergy
be " thraldom," as the wiseacres of the Press will' have it,
that of the humbler Protestant clergy is the loWest grade
of slavery.—Freeman.

THE CHURCH OF IRELAND.—Bishops have priested their
sons, and married their daughters to priests, so that, in
fact, the tribe of Levi has multiplied and increased exce;:d-
ingly in the land. In the diocese of Derry it was Kne,a- et
prceterea. We need not speak of the episcopal faroily of
the Beresfords ; they are found in all places, Erlst, west,
North, and South, from the classical and euphonious parish
of Drung, in the county of Cavan—where our friend Mark
flourishes, who would drive the bloody Papist rebels from
amongst us—to the more mellifluous meadows of Inniscarra,
in the'sweet county of Cork, where Cousin William charged
his patent pistols with his own holy hands, and caused, cer-
tainly, the removal of some Papists from his parish by one
of his winged messengers. In the dioceses of Dromore
and Kildare some episcopal management of a not very cre-
ditable character has been recently witnessed. In the
former diocese all better claims were put aside to make
room for the influences of connexion. In Kilmor% how-
ever, the curate was victor.—Dublin Evening Post.
STATE OF THE COUNTRY.—So perfectly quiet is the
country, so free from disturbance in distrlcts formerly re-
markable for insubordination, that two of the most indefa-
tigable gleaners of " horrible murders," " desperate assaults,"
" frightful intimidation," &c., are unable, between them,
after the lapse of a week, to furnish the Dublin Orange
journalists with a single paragraph. What provoking tran-
quillity—what a vile Ministry—what an intolerant Lord..
Lieutenant !—Dublin Evening Post.
