HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the chair precisely at Three o'clock.
Mr. PLANTA moved for a New Writ for the bolough
of Plympton Earl, in the room of Lord Va)letort, who had
accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.—Or'ered.

Mr. EWART presented a petition from the West
India merchants and planters of Lk erpool, praying for
compensation in case the House should pass an Act for the
abolition of slavery. The Hon. Member fully coincided
with the prayer of the petition.
General GASCOIGNE and Mr. TENNANT werelhoth
of opinion that emnpensation ought to he allowed.
Mr. LEIGH LEIGH presented a petition front Wells,
praying for a repeal of the Assessed Taxes.

Sir JOHN itURKE presented a petition from the
merekknts, tradesmen, and others of the town of Galway,
prayintfor an alteration of the Election Franchise.

A number of other petitions to u binair effect were also
preseAted by different Members.

JEWISH EMANCIPATION.
The Right Hon. It. GRANT presented a petition from
tlitJews of London, praying that they might be allowed
their civil rights. The Right Hon. Gentleman said he
considered himself called upon to state what course he in-
tended to pursue. In the first place, he would give notice
of his intention to move, on the 17th of February, for leave
to bring in a Bill fur the Emancipation of the Jews. When
he gave this notice, he did it with a reservation as to the
fate of a Bill then in progress through the House, for the
repeal of the abjuration oath, That Bill would, if carried,
affect the Jewish religion, so far as perhaps to render his
notice of motion unnecessary, as it was probable it would
41 .re 4
.. , • he difficulties ' against the admission of the
J.. to 4ar i,ithent.' As he before said, however, he
Mite veil to himself the right of bringing forward the great
question before the House of which lie had given notice,
and if the petitioners were entitled to what they asked, per-
haps it would be better to • open fairly the doors of the
Constitution than that they Should be admitted by a side-

bit R. INGLIS said he should oppose this Bill on the
same ground us he had done before.
Mr. R. GRANT said, when the question came before
the Home he had no doubt of giving such an ehicidation
of it as to remove all doubts as to the danger of the mea-
sure. He hoped also he should be able to do away the
honest zeal of the Hon. Baronet.

Mr. ADEANE presented A petition from Wisbeach,
praying that the local Courts of Justice may he extended
to the Isle of Ely.

Mr.. RADLER gavti notice that on the 24th of February
he should bring in a Bill for bettering the condition of the
Poor.

Mr. MACAITLEY presented upwards of 200 petitions,
praying far the Abolition of Slavery.

iiir;.DUNDAS stated that an 11on. Member had charged
him the other night with receiving 70001 per annum.
He did not receive 5000/. and the Honourable Member
ought to have b►en more accurate before he made such a
statement.

Mr. KENNEDY obtained his information from an
offivi3l 'return made: to the House.—(Hear, hear.) He
did out know what public service the Hon. Menlifer had
rendered, past of present, to entitle him even to 5,0001.
per annum.

An imtnenue number of petitions were presented from
various pLees, praying for the abolition of Slavery; the
reduction of the Assessed Tsres, and Parliamentary Reform.

DR. PHILLPOTTS.

PHILLPOTTS raid, as his Majesty's GoVernment
had stated the other night, it was not their intentimi to
allew the Bishop of Exeter to hold the Living of Stanhope,
together with his Diocese, he wished to ask the Noble
Lord opposite *hat were the intentions of Government
respecting his Right Rev. Relative.

Lord iLTHORP *aid, that when his Majesty's Minis..
term advised the Crown not to allow the Right Rev. Pre-
late to hold the living of Stanhope together with the Bi-
shopric of Exeter, be could assure the Hon. Gentleman
that they were not actuated by any feelings of personal
hostility, but influenced purely:by a sense of puhlic duty.
He felt with his colleagues,' that the' determination
which they had come to was a hardship on the Right
Rev. Prelate, as when he accepted the Bkhopric, he was
led to expect that he should be • allowed to retain the
living of Stanhope also. He watt authorised to say that
the first plkee.of preferment at the disposal of Government
not connected with the cure of souls should be offered to
the Bishop. By such a regulation the Choral would not
be endangered. It wag abuses like the one they had nor;
put a atop to, that had endanged the permanenc7 ()Mat
F.stablishment.—(Hear, hear.)

(Ltil taxi/m:l,j

OLD BAILEY, Due. 14.

TUX XING AGAINST ItICIIAAP CA4.144.g,
Mr. Corti& ascended the witness'* ,hurt. He had been
informed that a bill of hutictmeot Led Um preferred
against him, and he nom, weared for the purpose of
pleading and putting in bail.
Mr. Justice LITTLEDALK--There was an order made
in your case that forty-eight hours' notice of bail should
have been given. Has that been (bine? Mr. Carlile»,lt
has, my Laid.

. --
The Solicitor to the Crown raid Elie. notice had been
seryt d, and the neeestary jogyiry made; he should there-
fore abstain from *taking any objection to the reception of
the bail.

The Clerk of the Arraigns then propee4tl to read over
the indictment, which charge; the defendant with 'tub'
Milling, on the (lath of pocemb,or, iu the first Hear of the
reillq his BreitetAt Alajeaty, at the parb-li of St. Dun-
stan in tile West, within the City of London, IL cett4in
fake: malicious, wicked, end scandalous libel', with in-
tent to stir up the agricultural labourers, subject; ok.his
Majesty, to acts of violence--to continuo to burn and de-
stroy farms, break machinery, to bring his Alajesty into
contempt, and tirosk.-beert else-constitution of the country.
Theze taro ReCeu counts' in the indictinent, varying tke
offence.

Ch:t* of the Arraigns-441 p CarMe* YAL guilty ot,
not guilty? Carlile—kadrojt 1, lid t
publication, but
deny that it is u Jibe), aknilph4 I a it u
Air! Oiriile then put in aul ii melt in 2001. Mitt twit
sureties in 1001. each loot of the recogoisancet

BOROUGH or TAALIE.—Robert Vernon Smith, of Sa-
ville-row, in the county of Alithilesex, Esq.
Bo ninic it ()Orono lIA LL.—The Finn. George Poosonby.
Cou tow or CUMBERLAND,.—Sir James
George Gratnin, Bart.

COUNTY or Yonz.—Sir John Vanden Bampde John-
stone, of Hackneys, in the county of York, Bart., in the
room of the Right Hon, Henry Brougham, now Lord
Brougham and Vanx, and one of thy Peers of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

BOROUGH OF ATLESIJIM-The Right Hon. George
Lord Nugent, in Leland.

BOROUG OF CA NU. -.Sir James Macdonald, of
Woolwer-lodge, in the county of Hants, Dart.

Whitehall, Dec. 8.
The King has been pleased to give and grant unto
Thomas Porch Reeves, of Edgarley, within the parish
of Br. John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, in the
county of Somerset, Gentleman, his royal license and
authority that he may, in compliance with a proviso
contained in the last will and testament of Thomas
Porch, late of Edgarley aforesaid, Esq., deceased,
and from motives of grateful and affectionate respect to
his memory, take and use the surname of Porch, in-
stead of that of Reeves; and alto bear the arms of Porch
quarterly, in the first quarter, with those of his own
family ; and that such surname and arms may, in like
manner, be used and home by his issue ; such arms be-
ing first duly exemplified according to the lawn of arms,
and recorded in the Ileralds' Office, otherwise the said
royal license and permission tobe void and of none effect :
And his 111,pjesty has also been pleased to command, that
this his Allje!sty's concession and declaration be registered
in his College of Arms.
