T2`JE TURKISH QUESTION.

, - -
II Almost all the journals of Europe are filled with
spechlations as to the course likely to be pursued by
the parties to the Treaty of July last. It is evident
that if Russia adopts the attitude and measures of
open hostility, and on a totally distinct question, she
ceases to be a party to a negotiation which, what-
evermay be its ultimate consequence, does not, nor
ever did, assume force as the necessary means of ob-
taining its object. But two parties-to this Treaty
still remain—England and France. What is their
.. { -
situation r Is the Treaty still obligatory as regards
then' or is the compact, formed under specific cir-
cumstances, virtually or directly dissolved by a state
of thcings not foreseen at the time of its formation 2
Acc rding to the strict and technical interpretation
of law, it might probably have been in the power,
both I of England and France, to evade the exe-
cution of their contract; and thus to escape
from the embarrassing position in which the unex-
pected events have placed them. Both Govern-
ments, however, have promptly decided that such a
course would be highly dishonourable : that it would
be a mean desertion of the great principles of jus-
tice, bf humanity, and of sound policy, for the sake
of a ti.naporary relief from difficulties. We call the
relieoemporary, because it is obvious that the
quarrel - between Greece and Turkey has reached
that point at which pacification becomes impossible,
withoht separation and independent existence.
" FOr never can true reconcilement grow,
" "Where wounds of deadliest hate have pierced so deep."
It is equally obvious that this separation cannot now
be sedured without the interposition of mediators,
and that an abandonment of the Greek cause would
be consigning Greece to destruction. Whether,
wording to the doctrines of national law or of po-
litical 'expediency, any nation ought originally by
its patticipation or countenance to have encou-
raged or prolonged a struggle between parties
so ii4equally matched, is a question which ad-
mits bf considerable and doubtful discussion :
but to step having once been taken, and that
not byl one but by several nations, it would be the
height, of cruelty to withdraw themselves from the
weakef party, with whom they have formed a volun-
tary asisociatimi, before they have completely secured
it fro the vengeance of its more powerful antagoniSt.
It is this principle that England and France still
mlf
strong and firmly adhere to the objects, of- the
Treat of LOndoa; and the only point of diffzrence
' is:, hot these benevolent intentions, which are clearly
enoug expressed, but the mode of perforMing which
is not in clearly defined, may be most advantageously
execut d. It is understood that the opinions of
the tis Governments on this head have been very
differe t, bus 'ye believe that an approximation, if
not a omplete coincidence of views may be ex-
pected soon to take place, One thing is undoubted,
that France, if she" ever contemplated a military ex-
peditio ' to the Morea, has seen reason to abandon the
roject and that she will, in the first instance at
'east, e content with the naval blockade of the
two costs of' the Grecian Peninsula, and of_ the
i
port of } Alexandria, It is expected that this, mea-
sure will compel Ibrahim, to evacuate the Morea and

submit Ito terms; and thus remove the greatest
obstacht to the pacification of Greece. We suspect
that the will be a somewhat tedious process, and
that th# Lgipti4r) Commander may, like a true
barbarian, destroy 409 re he abandons his victim.
It will therefore require all the Vigilance and energy
a the 4vo Governments to prevent a catastrophe,
the oAcerrence of which would expose them to the
ridiculous veproach of settling a question, after the
great object of their cares had ceased to exist. It
should net, however, be omitted, that hopes may
not unfairly be entertained, that Turkey, now that
a conviction is forced upon her that all the
Great Powers are at length in earnest on the
subject of Orecee, may forthwith acquiesce in
those arrangements which she may feel to be as ne-
cegary fur her own safety as for the independence
of her ancient vassals. Nor is it improbable that
the same motives will induce her to adjust her
separate quarrel with Russia on the subject of the
Treaty of Ackerman. The actual injury done to
Russia by the infractions of that Treaty cannot he
very considerable, nor can the indemnity required be
very great: and if Turkey, from fear,—for we have
no reliance on he: )o,idom,—shall readily make that
compensation, we do no#: F,13? bow Russia can persist
hostilities, after the pretext for them is removed,
unless, indeed, she will openly avow those amhitichis
schemes of Tallish conquest, which have so long
been ascribed to her, but which she has hitherto
been able to clothe with the respectable appearance
of just and reasonable pretension.
The preceding statement affords, we believe, a
tolerably accurate account of the present state of the
negotiations relative to Turkey and Greece, and of
the not improbable results. If the account is not as
clear as we apprehend it to be correct, it is because,
from the very nature of things, a complicated series
of facts and opinions cannot well be stated with
the plainness and precision of a simple proposition,—
rime%

Trade in general, is very dvill at Montrose at
present. The shipping interest are complaining heavily.
Out of the numerous vessels belonging to that port, not
above six are freighted for the Baltic.— Glasgow Paper.
The 2d Division of the 17th Lancers cut-
barked for Dublin on Monday last ilk the Lord .Roden
and Commerce steam vessels, and reached their destination
without any accident in )4 hours.ryThti?is4ims
etlniehsaivxethsutercipestso:
h::•an'iltihdt_ihneCthe last fortnight, evincing a
dispatchaval almost unprecedented,
fantildiyfroarmzotupblliisnh,e7l
danegdrie:hiocfhriesg'hiliagrliitlyy creditable to the Naval and Military
Authorities in charge of the embarkations, carried on too
as they have been during the height of the equinoctial gales,
which have materially crippled the fleet of Steamers at this
Port, one having been totally lost, and three others for the
time completely disabled.—Licerpoel Albion, April 14.
Sir WALTER SCOTT aid one of his daugh-
ters slept at the White Hart Inn, Aylesbury, on Tuesday
night, having taken this town in their route from Scotland
to London. The landlord having karat from his servants,
after he had retired to bed, who his guests were, endea-
voured to the utmost to make his accommodations agree-
able to them ; and the next day, when Sir WALTER. was
about to depart, he was rewarded by being thanked by the
great writer for his attentions. Mine host replied that he
was most happy to have given satisfaction to a gentleman
who had been the means of affording him, by his writing,'
so many pleasant hours. Sir WALTER, with a smile, said
there was then a mutual obligation, and took his leave.—
Rads Gazette.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Gazette de France, dated Sunday, April 13.)
CONSTANTINOPLE, MARCH 19.—A courier, who
left Smyrna on the 14th, arrived this morning with
the news that the squadron under the command of,
Tapir Pacha, composed of a frigate, two corvettes,
and four brigs, with 1,500 troops on board, which
quitted the Dardanelles on the sth, had arrived in
the night of the 11th in.the channel of Scio, where
it had surprised three Greek vessels, two of which
were taken and the third sunk ; that then, acting iu
concert with the troops brought to Chesme by the
Paella of Smyrna, it effected, on the igth, at noon, a
laying on the island, delivered the garrison of the
castle, and forced the insurgents, with their Chief
(Fabvier), to speedy flight.
41Imost at the same moment when the courier
Nvhi:i brought this news landed, Tahir Pacha return-
ed to the port with his squadron. He that the
Gr' i
ek..r, who had latterly received no, pay, and were
in . complete state of anarchy and insubordination
to eir chiefs, had been seized with such terror on
th4ppearance of his squadron, that they embarked
with all speed in the vessels which remained, aban-
doning their cannon and baggage, and had evacuated
the tisland almost without resistance, so that it was
pos4ible to retake it without any effusion of blood.—
Austrian Observer. _ . _

ONSTANTINOPLE, MARCH 19.—A hatti-scheriff
le Sultan declares, that henceforward no religious
will be tolerated in the empire except those
ih recognize the authority of the Greek and
nian Patriarchs, and of the High Rabbi, and
Ithose who dissent must attach themselves to

seal
whit
Aral
that
one

. these three. sects, or emigrate. IQ the latter
!their property: belongs to the treasury. All the
you* Catholic girls must marry men of one of the
toleritred sects, or be transported to Asia. This
public scandal has induced the Foreign Ministers

ease

nowlat Pera to make remonstrances to the Porte on

this iubject, and to require it to renounce a measure

whic cannot but discontent Europe, and alienate

fromi the Porte those Powers which are the best

disposed towards it. The Reis Effendi, whoM it is
diffic-At to speak to on account of the Ramazan, is
said, thowever, to have received the remonstrances
of tl4 European Envoys through the first Dragoman
of th Porte, and answered that it would be consi-
dered a. No changes,however,having been made up to
this day, the most considerable families, in their de-
spair hurry to the beach, where they see their chil-
dren depart for transportation. This detestable idea
has accordingly already produced its fruit; many of
theselunhappy persons abjure the faith of their an-
cestotts, that they may not be torn from their families.
We learn from Greece that Ibrahim Pacha has
been Summoned by the Lord High Commissioner to
evacuhte the Morea; but that he has refused every
prop4al of this nature. Count Capo d'lstrias, on
the cdntrary, is said to have declared that he would
hindei Ibrahim from leaving). the Morea till he had
deliveied and given back the Greeks whom he had
reduced to slavery.—Augsburgh Gazelle.
" MADRID, APRIL 5.--The evacuation of Spain by
the FOnch troops is to take place immediately, but
it will' not be so complete as was expected. We
believe that we shall not deceive you in saying that
the orders given for the evacuation do not compre-
hend up to this time Cadiz and the Seu d'Urgel ; it
seems that the French Government desires not to
give up this last place in particular."
PARIS, APRIL B.—lt appears certain that the
Government intends to propose the repeal of the
law which gives to the Ministers the power of im-
posing: a censorship by an ordinance. This mea-
sure will give popularity to the Ministry. It is said
that the law which permits no journals to be pub-
lished except those now authorised will also be re-
pealed. The Ministers have doubtless very laudable
views;? but they submit too much to the prejudices
of the Court. Appointments which give them no
influence prove their want of resolution. It is un-
derstood that they are prohibited from appointing
any of the members of the extrisne left, which is
the pact of the Chamber that has the greatest
weight: with the country, and which comprehends
the greatest amount of talent and integrity. Every
endeavour is made to prolong those fatal distinc-
tions of " left," and "sentre left," while in reality
there are only two parties in the Chamber—the left
and the right.
It is reported that General Claussel will this year
command the camp of St. Ouen. He is one of the
most able and celebrated of our general officers, and
has been long in disgrace with the Court; but if
events assume a decided character, it will become
necessary to revert to tried talents and national in-
fluences.

One of our Generals, who has acquired some dis-
tinction in wit as well as in war, has in a very clever
caricature shown up the mania of the courtiers, and
even the officers of the palace, for obtaining military
rank, and of making an ostentatious display of it.
Thus one of the King's portmanteaus is exhibited,
which has attached to it the title of Chef d'Eseadron;
to the office of the King's Valet de Chambre is at-
tached the title of Colonel of Cavalry, and so on.
Beside this laughable parody are exhibited, languish-
ing in obscurity, Generals who have filled the world
with their renown. In 1814 the staff of our army
comprehended 245 Lieutenant-Generals and 430
Major-Generals. These 245 Lieutenant-Generals
are reduced by death and the purifications of the
late Ministers to 70, all of whom have had com-
mands in chief. The 430 Major-Generals are re-
duced to 60 ! What a zeal to strip a nation of all
that constitutes its power and preponderance!
M. de Villele has taken his passport for Toulouse.
It is even said that the King has been prevailed on
to advise him to take this journey. It is also re-
ported that the Duke de Blacas is about to return
to his embassy in Naples.

The first three numbers of a paper entitled the
Canton Register have been received at the North and
South American Coffee-house, dated Nov. 3, 1827.
The following is an extract :
