ADVICE.

VNICOURAGED by the uniform Success at-
'4 tending their peculiar method of Teeatment iu the
Cure .of alew prevalent Conylaints, which has been centirm-
ed by the eepe:ience of many years in a lerge and extensive
practice ; sensi hle also (.1 the hap"; etrects resulting to the
Public from Medical Men confining their attention to a cer-
tain class of Diseases, .Messrei GOSS and CO..clintinue to di-
rect their studies to those Disorders arising fruin secret de-
structive habit of inconsiderate Youth, which net only occa-
sions a numerous train of Neriems Affectiouse hitt also entails
em its votaries,- all the enervating imbecilities of old age. In
that distressing state of ,Debility ar Deficiency, whether the
conseqUeLice of such b4neful Hebits,.-eeeessiVeedrinking, long
residence in hot cliinatee, or any other cause, by which- the
powers of the Constitution become enfeebled, as regularly,
educated Surgeons nf, Ldudon, they offer a firm, fate, and
speedy Restnration to sound-and vigorous Health..
When an early application is osade for the Cure of a CER-
TAIN DISORDER, frequently contracted in a monietit of
inebriety, the eradication is generally completed iri the shaet
space of two days ; and in the-more advanced and inveterate
stages of Venereal Ipfection, characterised by a variety of
,painful and distressing symptoms, a perseverance in their
plan (v,ithoat restraint ire diet or exereise)'will insure to the,
Patient a permanent and-radical Cure.
The Diseasesuf the Urethra, as frequently connected with
or arising honi the above Ccnipheint, have not escaped their
attention ; - by an infallible and improved Plan, they are en-
ablee. to remove obstinate Cleats and Strictures, whether re-
cent or of lung daretion, without resorting to. the painful and
dangerous use of the Caustic Bougie. 'Many. instances can
be.adduced of very inveterate cases, of several years cont.-
nuao _!e, having yielded to-their Method in a few days, alter
the Cure had been attempted by other Practitieners without•
effect; and such has been the agreeable resuit of a Practice
of Fourteen Years, that the Mode of Treatment haS not, in
onesingle instance, ever proved abortive, during which pe-
riod many thousand persons, of both sexes, have experienced
the enjoyment of having been perfectly Cured, after. se-
vere and injurious methods had neon persevered iu to no
purpose
Messrs. GOSS and 'Co. exclusively pipfessing the Cure of
these particulae eouiplaints, in ueder that that thennay nut
be, -by a mistaken sew, Marked. with toe obloquy so justly
attached to the • ienorant dnpiric, think it hut justice
to themselves to state, that they have been properly edu-
cated and initiated into every branch of the pruf.lsion (cee-
tideates of which, from different hospitals, and testimonials
from the most enoinent Physieians, they have to convince
any inquirer) .that, the success resulting from their .endea-
vours first induced them to quit the practice of tile general
Peactitioner, and they presume that their pretensioes con-
s;itute a lair groenti for the unpreeedeuted conddeace
with wleeb they have, by the Fabian been su iii craiiv hoe
noured.

To be consulted at theic house, (personally, or
by letter), by l'afieuts of eit'aer wi4ll se;:recy alio de-
licacy.
• liatignts in the country are requested to state the partien-
lays of their case, age, and wanner of living, indosini; a Bank
Note, for iiivice and medicines, and the di11114.1 --ire
tor-
warded to any part of the kingdom.
GOSS and Cu. Surgeons, No. 13, Bouverie-street, Fleet-
/tree t.

At %tilivdtivi4iiey have never haTany possZ!Ssion
beyond that ola fa:tory, Which they wei+ allow-
ed by the IsTing of the • eduntry to form There.--:-
They haye never been Understood even to. claim
any rights of sovereignty in that con,ary;
the GOld Coast they p6Ssessed indeed, at one tine,
considerable. _poWer, and the • fortresses of S.t.
,George del
.111ina,and Axim were ereeted.bv-them:
But the first'bf these furls was taken by the Dutch
in 1637 ; and in 1642, the Portuguese were dri-
ven away entirely from that part of the coast,
where they have never regained the smallest fiiot-
ing._ In short, with the exception of Bissao, and
of the islands of Princes, St. Thomas, and Ana-
bona, the Portuguese dominibn On the west coaat.
of Africa extends,only'along the-coasts of Angola
and Benguella; that isto from- the .latitude
of about S to 13 deg. south.
Unler"thcse eirc:lmstanecs, to claim a right of
sovereignty over any partS of the Gold Christ - and
-WhYdave, ‘vould appear to be in the highest de-
gree extravagant.
The set-notes, however, produced in the minds
of naval officers, by the manner in which the nrti-
ec is framed, led, in oce short crtlize to the libe-
ration of no less than thirty Portuguese ships fon id
.trading for slaves on the Geld Coast, and which
the Directors conceive to Itac.,e been so trading ill
violation of the treaty.
The. captures of slave ships, made since the last.
meeting of the Society, have nevertheless been nit-
morons, and the examinations which have taken
place in the Courts of Admiralty tre thr.)wu great
light on the frauds which are resorted to in carry-
ing on this trade:
'The general result seems to be, that, of the
existing slave trade, a considerable share may be
regarded as a bona fide Portuguese trade ; carried
On however, fur the'ruost part, .a 3 the D•r,ctors
.apprehend, in contravention of :the treaty- already
referred to. But a still greater proportion, the
Directors are well assured, is either, a British or
an American trade, conducted under the flags of
Spain and Portugal.
In soiree c:tses, where the disguise was so com-
plete as to leave hardly any room, in the first in-
stance, to,question the truth of the allegation, that
the property was Spanish or POrtuguese, discoH
veries have been accidentally made, in the course
of investigation, which have establishetl, beyond
all doubt, the British or American ownerdiip,—
A very small portion, if any, of .the existing
slave trade can '‘,;;e considered. to be really !Ail.-
nish.

The ActOf the last session of Parliament, which
Makes slave trading on the part of British subjects
a felony, will probably have had the eilect of:di-
minishing the proportion of this trade which is
prosecuted on British account. As this law, how-
ever, was notin operation, on the coast of Africa,
until the month of September hist, there has as
yet been no opportunity afforded of procuring any
of those convictions under it whiCh are likely,
more than any thing else.; to operate as a discou-
ragement to such an employment' of ..Britisli capi-
tal. Commodore /thy, as well aS the
_Governors
of Sierra Leone and Goree, have expressed a fixed
determinaticin to lose no opportunity of carrying
this salutary law into full eifect.'
:The cases have been .very numerous, in which
subjeCts of the United States have been fodnd,
under the disguise of Spanish and Portuguese flags,
prosecuting this .nefarious traffic.. An abstract of
,the most remarkable of these cases, with the names
of the parties concerned io them, has been trans-
mitted to the American Secretary cf State, and to
the society in Philadelphia for abolishing the slave
trade and slavery, inthe hope that it may be ros-
sible to obtain evidence ,suiEcient to support a cri-
minal prosecution of the offending parties. A spe-
cimen of these cases- will- be fund in tai Appen-
.dix.

The Directors have lost no opportunity of o.is-
persing information on the subject of the slave
trade, throughout the Navy ; and in doing this,
they have continued to enjoy the :very important
'assistance of the Him. Commissioner Grey, of
Portsmouth, who has, froill the first formation of
the Society, exerted him Serf, with fii;rnal zeal and.
effect, -in forwarding its objects. They d.
.have also
taken c,are to furnish the ditlerontludgei of the
Vice-Admiralty Courts,afiroad with such inCortha-
tion 'as' was likely to be of use to the a in the
trial of cases which are connected with the, slate
trade.

It is also incumbent on the D'rectors to notice
the zeal which has been manifested, and the ei,i-
nent services which have been rendere Ito the In-
stitution by the Hon. W. Wylly, the Ki;,g'.s._Ad-
,vate and Attorney-General for the I3ahinun,
islands. The cause of hunianit is deeply indebted
to this gentleman for his, unwearied laoours,‘ as
well as .for his. penetration, in detecting- the dis-
guises worn by the numerous slave ships Nvllela,

L 0 N D 0 IV,

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1812.

Corunna Papers reached town this morning to
the 30th ult.—The following are extracts :--
BILBOA, AUG. 15.—The French troops eva-
cuated this town on the morning of the 11th, on
which day and the following morning the Spanish
troops and the 3 battalions which had been armed
in this Lordship of Biscay took possession of the
town, amidst acclamations and public rejoicings•
Senor Don RENOVALES, Commandant General
of the provinces, and Senor PORLIEZI, General of
the Van-guard Division of the ith army, have
also arrived.

On the morning of the 13th, the French troop's
approachcd, but 9ur Spaniards-and brave Biscayan
youth, waited for them at the advanced points,
keeping up the whole evening of the 13th inst. a
brisk fire, which obliged the enemy to encamp in
Vigona, and the fortification of Morro ; but:yes-
terday morning (the loth, our troops attacked
the enemy, drove them from their positions, and
pursued them in their retreat to very near Zor-
uoso, our valiant men remaining masters of this
place. Yesterdny was a glorious day for our arms,
by the complete victory gained over the enemy,
who shamefully fled.

His Excellency the General in: Chief
zmum, .has just arrived; to-night all the town
and the Theatre is illuminated. To-morrow all,
the young men in this town between the ages of
17 and 15, without exception, -will be enlisted.—
The ardour with which our Biscayan youth run to
arms in defence of our beloved country is unac-
countable. Already we have three battalions,
composing 3,600 men, armed, but not clothed, and
ready to march against the enemy.
CORUNI,7A, AUG, 26.—A person who has just
arrived from. Simania, three leagues from Valla-
dolid,. states, that in that neighbourhood the
troops which hui evacuated Toro were about

1500 ; thise I,3(l:joined 101)0 infantry, and 2000
cavalry, which is the amolmt- of this division ; its
object was' to increase it-elf by, coll*lcting from

different parts. • •
For this pUrpoc,e it proceeded to Tordesillas,
;whose garrison had zurrendcred to us (208 men of
which yesterday arrived here), thence to Veloier,
Ca.stioneuca, Bernal, and laitlY, to As-
torga, with the same object as to the other
points, viz. to free the garrison ; but they found.
themselves terribly disappointed at seeing their.
batteries snioaking in ruins, the city deserted,
and their Soldiers prisoners and gone, with the ex-
ception of a few sick, 'who could not be removed.
Now the Vandals are already beyond Benevente,
proceeding to Zamora. The only point they oc-
cupy is at Zamora, and even not the city, but the
citadel, which is a short quarter of a leag-ue on the
other side of the river from the former.

In respect to the city, this person says, that the
Portuguese, under the command of SiLvntßA, with
whom we are.aSNved Senor DOUGLAS is, occupy
it, and that the number of the allies are. estimated
at near 12,000 men j--hat besides these, the'
English, 14,00,0 strong, viz. 10,000 infantry, and
4000 cavalry, are proceeding from Aranda de
Duero by the same road the French took, pur-
suing them ;---and that Senor MENDIZABEL was
in Pancorva. . 0

Senor SANTOCILDES'S division is said to he in
Tordesillas ; Senor CABRI:RA'S in tavara, part of
Benavente, four leagues beyond Carvaiales ;
Senor MoRENA in Vedriales, in front of Bena-
vente, on the other side the river ; Senor CAS-
TANOS in. El val 'de S. Lorenzo, two leagues from
Baneza. Senors BELvEnEg Pot 'arid PAREDES,
were on the 23d in Foncebadon, on their, march
for Astorga, where they were to arrive on the
24th, and that Senor CASTANOS was to March
on the `;sth from Villa Franca) for Bambrove, and
to-day enter Astorga.

OPTIC/AL DISPATCH FROM LIEUTENANT-COLONEL

BENETON MAT(QIYINEZ TO GENERAL DIEN,DIZA-

BEL, 'DATED VALLADOLM, JULY 30.
On the 29th, at night, I was in Agales, with
the divisiOn under nay command, when Ireceied
information from my confidential persons, who
were inValladolid, that the enemy were abandoning
it. In consequence of this information I sent out
three, parties, composed of seven men each, to
examine. the roads from the city. Finding that
some of the eneuiy could not follow the retreat, .I
advanced beyond Re►iido a league and a half dis-
tant, in pursuit of the enemy's rear, of which, ac-
cording to the appearance of the field, 6 were
killed, and 50 prisoners taken. I afterwards re-
turned
to this city according to my orders.

Accounts have been received by Government
frOm Bilboa to the 26th August. It appears, that
the French, with about five thousand men, had
made an attack upon Bilboa; but .verc com-
pletely repulsed by the forces under MENDIZARE!L,
LONGA, and General CARROL, and driven back
with loss upon Durango. These defeats had so
enraged General CAFFAREL'LI, that it was re-
ported he was resolved to send reinforcements,
and make a third attack. - The. -Spaniards, how-
ever, were prepared to resist it, and were in the
highest spirits froLt their recent successes.
There was a report in town to-day, tha-t JOSEPH
BUONAPARTE had been taken prisoner, but we
could not trace it to- any authority.

A report got into circulation yesterday evening,
that Sir ROWLAND HILL had obtained a victory
over SouLT. No accounts of such an event have
reached town. SOULT, however, is in a situation
of embarrassment, from which he will find it very
difficult to extricate-himself. His only resource
appears to be to attempt to form a junction with
SUCHET, and a reference to the map will at once
show that this is a labour of no ordinary magni-•
tude. The great . rength of the march, the dif-
ficulty of carrying his provisions, the comMand-
ing situations of the British and Portuguese force,
which is now disposable fe.r the purpose of in-
terrupting his movements, end the number of
parties of Spaniards by which he will be
continually harassed, leave us little doubt
that he will receive by the way some striking
marks of attention from the Marquis of WEL-
LINGTON, for which he may find himself unable to
return adequate acknowledgments.

Extract of a Letter from St., John's, New
Brunswick, dated July 24, 1812 •—" An express
arrived last night here, informing us of an Ame-
rican. squadron being in the bay, viz. the John
Adams and Essex frigates, and a brig of 12 guns.
In consequence of this hews the homeward-bound
fleet of 40 sail have returned into this port."
The ,Darlington. Packet, from the Leeward
Islands, passed through the fleet which sailed from
St. Thomas's on the 31st of July, under convoy
of the imaranthe, and other ships of .war, on the
sth of August, in lat. 25. 8. long. 64. 39.

LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 9.—Arr7vel the Tigre,
GIL-
LISPIE, from Barhadoei....sailed the 22d of July ;
spoke, on.tbe 4th inst. the brig Biessb/g, from
Prince Edward's Island, for TOpsham, cut. .44
days, all well, who informed him, that sire was
boarded by. his Majesty's ship Porrone,. who was
looking out for an American frigate that was
_cruiLing off the south end of the Banks of.
Newfoundland, which had taken several lifiL
tish vessels,, and burnt six fishing boats.---7.
The Pomone had taken several Americans, and
;retaken sever:ll English ships. On the 31st nit.
the messing saw a- fleet of ships steering to the
WeAward, in lat. 51. 14. long. 30. 13..

We this day- continue, our extracts froth the
American Papers received yesterday. We are
still in the dark as to the effect produced by the
revocation of our Orders in Council, but judging.
.from the state of the public mind in the United
States, and the already lowered tine of the
Government, we remain of opinion that the
MADISONIAN party would find themselves eonr-
pelled to put an end to the war very soon
after the revocation of our Orders in Coun-
cil became generally known. The minute-
ness wail which the American papers detail the
most trifling affairs of posts and positions,
,which
form the exploits of their troops in Canada,
is not a little ludicrous. We are glad to find,
however, from the Halifax papers, whiCh reach-
ed town last night, that our Colonial Govern;-
ments have adopted a very judicious system of
moderation, by means of which -no impediment
can, in that quarter, be thrown in the way of the
restoration of peace. To any persons who may
have become prejudiced in favour of the institu-
tions of the United States.,-the outrages at Balti-
more will afford' an useful lesson. We there see
the effervescence of Party giving 'birth to the most
atrocious acts of cruelty, and nearly approaching
to, revolutionary excess, whilst the eivirauthori-
ties and military force _tamely look on, and be-
come mere passive spectators of the. most gross
and daring violations of law, and of every prin-
ciple of justice. Such are the effects of the exa-
cerbations of party, where there is no controul-
ing power to check their fury and "moderate their
efforts. Thee outrages afford a sample of what
must be the inevitable consequences in the United
States of persisting in the war with this Country.

We are sorry to see such a paper as the Morn-
ing Chronicle, which does not give into the Jacobin
excesses' of other OppOsition Journals, venting its
spleen upon Ministers, because they thought pro-,
per to order the Park and Tower guns to be fired
on account of the raising the siege of Cadiz. Can
the Chronicle'teel no satisfaction at the triumph of
our arias, unless it is obtained by the loss of our
countrymen ? The raising of the siege of Cadiz
was one of the results Of the prdgress of British
valour and discipline in the Peninsula, and shews
that the enemy begin'to despair of being able to
resist this Country and its Allies. The event must
he highly gratifying to British pride ; and, far
froth agreeing with the Chronicle, which sayS,
We never saw popular disdain pore unequivo-
cally expressed than it was on this occasion," we
are persuaded that the real popular feeling was that
of exultation. We presume that we can estimate'
this popular feeling as well as the Chronicle.—
The exaltation we witnessed, but heard nothing
of the disdain. For our part, we shall be glad to
find that the enemy continues to retreat before
us, and we are sure, that when he abandons an
important post, in terror of our arms, rather than
contends for 'it, at the expence of a profusion of
British blood, our countrymen will at home hear
the consequent rejoicing with pleasure, and not at,
tack Ministers for devoting a few pounds of gun-
• powder, in order to testify the progress of our
' arms in' the.deliveranee'of Burope from the yoke
of its
.great oppressor.

Yesterday Lord and Lady BROWNLOW enter-
tained the Right Hon. CJIARLES
.and Mrs. LONG,
and a select party, with an elegant dinner, at their
house in Cavendish-Square. •

The Earl -of LISERPOOL gave a grand dinner,
yesterday, to a select party of friends, at his
house, Combe Wood.

By letters from the Brazils, we learn the death
of the Prince DON PEDRO, on the 4th of June
last. He married the Prince Regent's daughter,
and his issue will succeed to the throne of Por-
tugal.

The building for reception of the fine collection
of pictures, bequcated to Dulwich College by the
late Sir FRANCIS BOURGEOIS, is in great forward-
ness, and is highly creditable to Mr. SOANE. Itwill
be a very beautiful edifice when completed, and
one of the chief ornaments of the country in the
neighbourhood of the Metropolis.
Captain TALBOT, of the Victorious, 7d, has been
presented by the Board of Admiralty with a gold
medal to be worn with his full uniform, suspended
by a ribband from the fourth button-hole,- on the
left side of the lappel, for his gallant conauct in
capturing the RiLoli, of SO guns, in the Gulph of
Venice.
