LITERATURE.

rn '7,
7 411 _EPISTLE
W TOAREND 12v. TO WN;
A RIVICICSIIIRE; 4:JD OTHER POEMS.
13Y CH4?..,rpos LN€Crt, ESQ.
Tilece See"(111:a. ition. Richard Bentley. .
inz, al ',l"
.'gems '.re marked by an elevated tone of feel-
and hi]; lP:ace of expression, honourable to the heart
is a ' •alt of the author. Mr. Leigh, of Stonelci.gh,
,
hp • .4ellt•einan of large possessions in Warwickshire ;
, a
.._ , . , ,
tiia, vCo IN lug, wnose life is occupied by en-
Lilo,°ors to ameliorate the condition of those around
Act bY making his tenantry happy and prosperous, by
c,,,!.0f hospitality at his mansion, and by a fortunate
,uitivation of the Muses, His, poetry is by turns con-
>s and de.scriptive, like that of Rogers ; there
;I'3 lloihin
't totl gof passion in it, and we therefore recommend
o tithe lose 1,
hl find relief, from the feverish excitement
d, w°rl(l, ir, the charm of serene thoughts and melo-
,--3 ver,?A,
•
v‘re eY.t;a.ct the followino. little poem :
,It 74..
" A CALM.
last thou the high-spieed bowl of pleasure drained,
4_ind, since thy spirits fail thee now, art pained ?
,_ip and erect thy cottage near a cliff
tdQat overlooks the lea; there build thy skiff,
as the waves o'er waves precursive ride,
~aeoilldo.,aesr Ityhaeri-rh,orsAir, charging in their
hpride,
1( gam thy dioa,rning crests, or ply te o, , ,
10,vrileorii., tl%, ''
' itn
'repent, and sin no more.
downs, life of life inhale
Whn,' scents of wild thyme freshen through the gale ;
CI; ' m the gay gorse, a golden mass, abounds,
T' Itering and sharp as wit that, handled, wounds.
i.4'exPanse of plains, the boundlessness of seas,.
'est, v/ith their charm sublime, the mind's disease ;
Auk, ,
te elements and free, create a sense
Of • ' ,„, primitive joy that quells e'en grief intense,
Arid to the heart restore, whate'cr the loss
,13. Y friction with the world, its vernal gloss.
t,Ala Can the fathomless ocean view, and feel
ii°ol:,Pbetty interests of this world a zeal ?
tn-• e.autirui the ocean's argentry,
4eting the mild splendours of the sky f
0:3 woman's eyes reflect her partner's joy:.
ariese sweet analogies our thoughts employ,
'''
.:Ava the primeval works of Heaven we view,
aeli object touched with harmonizing hue !
Calm has eircumfused•the silvery deep,
Serene
as beauty 's smile, or infant's sleep :
I a very rocks look gentleness; the air 's huslyd, as charm'd by a young spirit's prayer I
All is a stirless solitude, and now
Ja Nature's aspect clear as Jesus' brow.
Is as a vi
'4ll it not solitudeAlnaightsible presence in this hour.y "Power
AT

the \irr• ACClDENT.—Yesterday morning as one of
15f thew't Country mails was passing through Kensington, one
eidelct fbeel horses fell and broke the pole. No further ac-
-4 "Iceurred, but the mail was delayed about half an hour.
Y'aitllslldaY, about twelve o'clock in the forenoon, a
higb.of the name of Middleton, about thirteen, the son of
frieli" respectable'parents residing in Edward.street, Black-
% pill'ad, met with a watery grave whilst bathing in the canale
t4,4llehley.conarrion. The body was brought quite a ga.intl _
17 0 was accidentally passing, but life was e.xtinct.
tud "e harvest is now general throughout the fens,
the
eot in , Crop proves fully an average one. Oats have been
theei-°aela fine condition as to enable the growers to send faded'? Market almost direct from the field. Turnips have
failedl4 IT'aily places • in one instance where the seed has
Li 'twice, a third ;owing was made on Monday week.-.
,Fa Gazette.
.
is 0 he Chief Baron of the Irish Court of Exchequer
14 toot to proceed on a rather extensive tour, during which
Co
°rclaiiii) means to visit Constantinople.
let) kAlissrorr OF LUNACY.—The case of Mr.
4,!ge Lyon was concluded on Tuesday, when the Jury after
ileitlN evidence, fund that Mr. George Lyon was of unsound
44'1 from the 11th of February, 1835, up to the present
Dell eat, and. that be was unfit to govern himself and his pro-
v, ,
ver Teo proceedings concluded between seven and eight
oek.
iker:,..
eirda e., DENT TO EARL CoRNwALLIs.-00 Sa-t
Liut-on'ast, as Earl Cornwallis was driving in his park, a
9h!.4v,1a -place, Kent, his vehicle overturned, and he fell
th " Y on the road, cutting one of his temples very severely.
vor are
preso rry to say that, in consequence, he now lies
car •
ious state.
loen .Sattirda.,
Oe ,
the Blucher coach, being very heavily
losiw'nr,,r°k° dcWn a few miles from Mahon. The passengers.
/illils-,7 n° '''.4.'iury, sac from the fright, and from having to
..,I).n.v,rer,a), Miles in the mud and rain—Hull Observer.
all, coil* ;:s'i BLACKS.--Previous to the year 1755,
"Y the 1(,;" aed ether persons employed in coal works, were,
kad tll,7i,r,°lllaw of Scotland, in a state of slavery. They,
DericKi
at 'w'veB and children, if they had assisted for a certainl
ti,"ll, and trey work, became the property of the coa -mas
''' the sh'vere transferable with the coal works; in the manner
Arei',:" on the West India estate.
.
/41ii to I, 'T
at present is very much in fashion, and__ is
elld of tbave trade its way into several of the Clubs at the West
elPert rhe,tcncn, where 'many of the members are remarkably
ph. ''‘ ltrawing the long bow.
111,4, i er,isters, of the name of Gibson, met the other
roe -arnwath, all burn and brought up in the neighbour-
-40.4,1\114;Q, .
nry'ed ages amounted to 370, the youngest being
"d the
At 13 oldest 73.
41, a„,russels last week a barber's wife, forty years of
Lqdiire-„' who had been married ten years, without having
"kiher"' Rave birth to three bouticing boys, who, with the
A v are doing we'll,
lue.,,t
ta:l3,deville, called Une Anglaise, has been pro-
41e 4'40 great success at the Theatre des Varietes at Paris.
i't fire Andre Dumas is employed in a grand tragedy
ki.,ts. entitled Kean, and founded on the life of that actor.
gtsovu -Lkieorge Jones, the American tragedian, left
7. .I".'tardav, on his voyage to New York. At Boston
ig' will produce lon, Mr. Sergeant Talfourd having
"M. 411 full permision.
4'.4.,;(111.5• GRAIIAM.—No intelligence has been re-
lo ninon, '4 town relating to the state of this lady since Monday
404,.%; Her friends consequently feel confident that no un-
e4 te ,change has taken place.
tree onel Churchill was to leave town yesterday, to
°l' tl?eelit° St. Sebastian, via France, to resume the command
TUN "7estrninster Grenadiers.
kt the irl}o..itlnGE WELL s.—Lord Loftus is still staying
~..etlien "-.1. Ephraim Hotel. Amongst our arrivals are I.,.ady '4,11 qa+ Sir John and Lady Sinclair, Sir Latimer Wedding-
'talk, e"cral and Mrs. Waddington, Mr. and the Hon. Mrs.
D ' Currie, Mr. and Mrs. Ellis, Mr. Auger, &c.
11,,,--44tsi, n
. Clis fp „ `-'uNIBERLAND ELECTION.—The unani-
eour 11,1eg of the independent constituency, expressed in
‘gt
't"°'' Ar. jan'es.i appearstohave crushed all the hopes of
44 CrieB. All thei
‘itere° e4ndicip.tt
r. idle vaunts of re-action are silenced,
tuisnu. ~,
.have. they yet mustered. to. contest the field
.IPre, , 'noir malice exhales in idle ribaldry and stupid
arile.,
dill ; and, according to all appearance, Mr.
tlipe_ci. jvill
Ai, St io„ NPlaCe Mr. Blamire without even the shadow of
il' ben kr. The election is fixed for Friday next.- While-
eal% traid. [The Tories, it appears, have been making
4111• s 1° the prejudices of the farmers, representing Mr.
1,., z's indisposed to er etuate the Corn Laws.'
ti; kstlaus.,tv.4ight, alloutpllp o'clock, the neighbourhood of
441 le `reet, Leicester-square, was thrown into great confu-
Ziol,,,v,",sea'aeriee of an alarm of fire at the back of tbe
e'''„see',l?` i'iciet os Museum. Some tradesmen happening
u-veti, it ".eilit under the gate, and with assistance bursting it
a.-- tr`, „,' I:'''s discovered that same shavings were on fire, under
k,_'' tenter Work bench, but how it originated is a mystery,
,-"'No;o-h4rlienter left at 6 o'clock. A man was supposed to. be
-111 e—fling up a staircase. It was put out before the arrival
Illeegiees,
B Vtt
ta, ‘Te halt tSSsif IRE BURGHS.—Major Cumming.
k- ttt' eg, in consequence of ill health, intimated his wish
tek`t' from the representation of the burghs, Mr. J. J. R.
Nit !Uzi;
) 4(l'te• 3.°lln"rer of Rosehaugh, has offered himself as a
,nzkst, T1:"---A rumour was spread abroad on Thursday
w,_ rlt-e4tl, a Perso,nhear
sold
James Barnet, horse-keeper, living
iava4'esuoreugh
his daughter' for the sum of ten
kkists: 13arnet has ( for ;erne time been lame and unable to
'stiiitt:4l4 the child in question, but, nevertheless, has not
let) distantt° use her with- the utmost severity. Hearing of a
''tea, relative of the child's being in this country, from
'ltitifta.; I.',Tned Davy, Barnet thought this a very fitting op-
a. 4gr I°' gat4ing rid of her. On applying to this man,
it'uo4w pried Tortatllse her and give him. ten pounds, but whether
erngyil: 'nest likee child, or as a present to
es
fnßratrhneebt,etitteris. notAn
tkilbOf a tnan
ty
.she has change.
the toed
an.a., Iv' ? .i child upon his baock, was first taken and
E, 'lSt his house, after which they proceeded through
°Ns?", With about. half the population following, stopping
Law, kinally to
As the
griti-e steeds _ explain the meaning of the . figures.
itieb as nu 0,,,
___,,,, gardens it n
uraoncrst
greatly facilitated the attack,
bie grew, b ;=_, was heard to deprecate the proceedings, the
ees • °luter, and the windows were soon smashed to
4111"-• ' as ne one yet appeared to stay the destruction, they
they'enced batter'
Itutt aeceitm:_, e ng down the door, which: aftersom some time,
thiiil' of demolition The mob now rushed in, and began the
iu k inoveZelittoll -linen, baskets saucepans, and ever
Ppi4, gown le, flew about in all directions ; one was habited
rNo , another in a cloal- and bonnet : never was public
itogill carried to
tables g. at libert greater e'xirernitics-an infuriated mob
tut ---ever,,
~ b and no one trying to stay them. Chairs,
fro,i)f tho v:. tiling found in the house-were thrown
.down,
laeir'. about ‘Bnde,w, or smashed to pieces; this was carried on
liftel Anted o.clock until half-past 10, when they retired,
Whom bade
.with destruction. The burgess constable soon
oio batil"' aPpearance, heading a posse of constables,..
hers co tt.s._ pressed from the public houses. On hearing his
tittl iii",n..eit came down from his hiding-place in the garret,
%tie half-deads'le and himself had taken shelter, being all the
Q.!l seen,v‘. through fright. A candle was brought, when.
fa4tlll.tborottn.il a.s, exhibited as was never before witnessed in
puktill this affair6'.i. the oldest inhabitants. The most curious
Read 3as ofn
nue :thbouse, but is divided, yet not the leash damage.
Al -" wer e half occupied b another person. The fruit
t3tll('t opotic itoht_all
ti, 1., slthoo e trees are
!destroyed in Bayrnet's garden, while the ap-
growing luxuriantly as ever in the
'coin o,._gell. ouly divided `by a fence about two feet high.••••
"4 tte,

MAGAZINE DAY.

BLACKWOOD'S MAGAZINE.

The " Experience of Democracy," which heads
the present Number, has nothing to be objected to in
point of style, but much in point of doctrine. It sets
out on the Ii Penseroso principle, with a disposition to
look only on the shady side, and make the worst of
every thing. If the writer's assertions are to be cre-
dited, there is no longer a hope for the Constitution.
Great Britain is fast hurrying down the rapids of revo-
lution ; moral and political principle is at a discount ;
071 C branch of the legislature is corrupt and factious ; and
another, willing, but to a great extent unable, to effect
any considerable or permanent good. Now all this is
very easily said, but where be the proofs that the
country is in such a hopeless state ? Commerce flou-
rishes ; society is tranquil and full of confidence ; the
operatives in the manufacturing districts are in full
employ ; the Conservative party alone are in the low-
est state of depression.' And long may they continue
so, and long may we live to read ingenious Jeremiads
in Blackwood, indirectly admitting and lamenting the
fact ! " Alcibiades, the Young Man," contains some
spirited and characteristic dialogues, and is intro-
duced by a letter to Walter Savage Landor, penned
in a happy vein of mixed humour, irony; and sarcasm.
" Isaac Cheek, the Man of Wax," is in Mr. Jerrold's
broadest and most marked manner. It is impossible
to deny the vigour and raciness of this author's
sketches, but at the same time it were to be wish-
ed that there were a little more good humour and
refinement about them ; and above all, that they
were not invariably taken from the very dregs and
off-casts of the community. Low, trickey attor-
nies' clerks, vagabond pedlars and showmen, thieves,
highwaymen, and their congenial mistresses—creatures
in whose adventures the turnkey of Newgate alone can
feel an interest; such arc the characters which Mr.
Jerrold loves to pourtray, with all the relish and mi-
nute accuracy of a Crabbe, just as if society in its
higher and more settled grades could not furnish him
with abundant materials for sarcasm and ridicule.
Possibly he may justify himself by the authority of
Le Sage and Fielding, but he should bear in mind that
these unequalled painters of real life could ascend, as well
as descend, in the scale of humanity. They were not
always raking for subjects among the stews ; but could
describe Spanish and English high and middle life, an
Archbishop of Grenada, a Lady Bcllaston, and a Co-
lonel Bath, quite as readily as a Black George, a Jo-
nathan Wild, a Captain Rolamo, or a Gil Blas.
Thus much by way of objection to Mr. Jerrold's
choice of subject. Of his mode of handling, hyper-
criticism itself can say nothing in dispraise. His dia-
logues are truth itself. We not only hear his scamps
speak, but we catch the very twist of their mouths,
and the knowing wink of their eyes, as they round off
some quaint sentiment full of droll roguery. We sub-
join an amusing extract, just presuming by the way that
Pops and Cheeks, two itinerant showmen, have been
taking a model in wax of one Kemp, a murderer,
a fellow whose character, though etched in outline,
like Master Barnardine, does not fall fat short of that
admirable portrait :
For three days Pops continued at his task, and succeeded
in obtaining a living likeness of one who was about to become
the late Thomas Kemp. Every day Pops narrated to Cheek
—who refused to pay a secand visit to the prison—his profes-
sional success : the head was finished the very day before the
trial of the prisoner came on. As, however, the whole facts
of the case, from the death-blow to the execution and hanging
in chains (the fetters being the gift of Mace the Mayor), arc
to be embodied in a play for one of the national theatres, we
will not wipe the bloom from what is expected to be the
greatest dramatic novelty of the season, by any detail of the
matter. Enough for us to say, that Kemp was convicted on
the clearest evidence.

On the evening of his conviction, Pops—who had won the
heart of the head-turnkey by a promise to model his wife's
child—gained access to the prisoner. We are not ourselves
in all hours, says the adage; and Kemp had evidently been
put out of temper by the address of the judge. To shorten
our tale, Pops returned to his inn like a man possessed.
" What's the matter?" cried Check—" my dear Michael,
what ails you ?"
" Ails me 2—a ruffian—that I—an artist—l—who have
modelled kings—made a dozen princes—that I—
" What is the matter ?"
" That villain Kemp ! " exclaimed Pops, choking with in-
dignation.
" Good God ! he's not acquitted !" cried Cheek presaging
a lost attraction.

" Not so bad as that—but my head !—would you believe
that he has insulted my head !"
" Struck you?" asked Check very calmly.
" I mean—my head of his bead? Would you think it—
you saw the man—now, would you believe that human vanity
could be,so base—you saw the fleshy pimple on the left side of
his nose ?"

" I remember—almost as big as a pea," said Cheek.

" Bigger, much bigger, Mr: Cheek; and so I modelled it
—when the villain swore that I was a bungler—an ass—a
fool that wanted to disgrace him in the eyes of the world, to
scandalize him in the grave, and so saying he seized his head
and dashed it down upon the stones. Never mind, Mr. Check,
it's all here, in two days you shall see the head again. Yes,
he swore that I had enlarged the pimple out of pure malice."
" Then he objected" . . .

"He objected to nothing but the pimple. He didn't mind
standing with the knife in his hand with which he had done
the murder—nay, before the trial he had sold me the very
clothes he wore when he killed the man—every thing from bat
to shoes ; and with the very Weapon, in his identical clothes,
he consented to go down to posterity, but be swore that his
ghost should haunt me if I dared to put upon his nose a
pimple."
"It was hardly as big as a pea," said the aggravating
Cheek.

" I say, Mr. Cheek, much bigger—but whether bigger or
less, is not now the point; he has insulted me—the artist—
curse me if I don't give him a pimple as big as a marble !"
We regret this expression on the part of Pops; but we must
beg of the reader his mast liberal extenuation for the many
coarse and vulgar subjects which had, doubtless, narrowed the
mind of the artist. If he had been capable of rising to the
dignity of historian or biographer of great men, elevated by
the task, it is impossible that, out of personal spite, he could
have magnified a little pea into a large marble. Historians and
biographers are incapable of such meanness.
The closing paragraph of the above extract will re-
mind the reader of the dry, pungent sarcasm of L'lngenu
and Candide. " Summer Sketches" are graceful and
highly finished. There is vigour as well as thought
in these stanzas :

There are no clouds to checker night ;
The winds arc hushed, the skies serene
And nature outlined darkly bright,
Is still distinctly seen.
Remotest ocean's tongue is heard,
Declaiming to his island shoes;
And wails the lonely water-bird,
From yonder marshy moors.
This is the realm of solitude;
A season, and a scene for thought,
When melancholy well may brood
On years, that now arc not—
On syren years, whose witchery smiled,
Ere time had leagued the heart with strife,
The Eden of this earthly wild—
The paradise of life.
They feign, who tell us, wealth can strike
In to the thornless paths of bliss;
Alas ! its best is Judas-like,
To sell us with a kiss.

Ambition is a gilded toy,
A baited hook, a trap of guile ;
Alluring only to destroy,
And mocking with a smile.
Alas! for what has youth exchanged,
The garden of its vernal prime ?
Is Care—Sin—Sorrow—more estranged,
More gently lenient Time ?
Doth Friendship quaff from bowl more deep :
Bathes Hope in more delightful streams :
Comes Love to charm the pillowed sleep
With brighter, holier dreams ?
Alas the ship of life is steered
More boldly to the ventral main,
Only to cope with tempests feared—
Lightning, and wind, and rain
Around lurks shipwreck ; hidden rocks
Beneath the billows darkling lie ;
Death threatens in the breaker's shocks
And thunder-cloven sky
The lines marked in italics are eminently felicitous
in expression. The " War of Spartacus" is an inte-
resting historiette, and we may extend the same praise
to the " Recollections of Cadiz during the Siege." In
the " Thoughts and Sentiments," from the German of
Richter, we find the following striking, though perhaps
not novel, ideas., " LlFE.—Life is an opium, it ex-
cites us a little at first, and then leaves us sleepy,
weary, and disgusted."—" GENIUS—INFIDELITY.
Clever women areoften,,infidels ; men of high genius
are generally believers. —" THE PERSPECTIVE OF
LIFE. What has life to show us but the glass
door of heaven ? Through this we see the highest
beauty, and the highest bliss ; but, alas, it is
not open !"—" LIFE. Man has two minutes and a
half to live, one to smile, one to sigh, and a half to
love ; for in the middle of this minute he dies."--
MEMORY—HOPE. Two perspective painters lead
us, poor bewitched mortals, through the whole theatre
