AMERICAN PAPERS.

TI. .AL OF SUTHERLAND.—Soon after noon on Tuesday
lost the Yankee General Sutherland, and his aid-de-camp
S. spencer, captured off Point-au- Pele, by the gallant Colonel
Prince, after the late bloody engagement in that quarter, were
7orought into town, and securely lodged in our garrison.
Yesterday the General was put upon his trial, before a court-
martial composed of the following officers :—Colonel Samuel
P. Jarvis, President; Colonel Kingsmill, Queen's Own; Col.
W. B. Robinson, 2d Simcoe; Colonel Carthew, Royal
Foresters ; Major Gurnett, Queen's Toronto Guards ; Major
W. Devason, Royal Foresters ; Major Henry Fry, ditto ;
Captain John Powell, Queen's Rangers; Colonel Fitzgibbon,
Judge Advocate. He is tried by the provisions of an Act of
our Provincial Legislature, passed during the recent session,
entitled, " An Act to protect the inhabitants of this province
:against lawless aggressions from the subjects of foreign coun-
ties at peace with Her Mejesty."
We attended the opening of the proceedings, and it ap-
peared to us that although the general deportment of the
prisoner was calm and self-possessed, he seemed taken a little
aback when he found by what law be was to be tried. How-
ever, be bore up upon the whole very well, and without that
degree of vulgarity and insolence we expected from him. He
stated his profession to be that of a lawyer, and, at the same
time, that he knew little of military law on such occasions. He
was anxious to know whether the officers who tried him were
of the rewular army or of the militia, and whether they were
residents of this country. We thought we could perceive a
slight beam of satisfaction pass ever his sallow complexion
ve'nen informed they were all militia officers. Whatever may
be his fate, he can have no cause of complaint of the manner
in which he is treated, and the leniency that is shown him.
He is allowed the benefit of counsel, so far as consultation
goes, but not to plead for him. A copy of the charges, and
also a copy of the Act upon which he is tried, has been fur-
nished to him ; and he is allowed the use of pen and ink. The
Court adjourned until ten o'clock this morning.
He is a tall, muscular man, of about 5 feet 11 inches in
height, with bold and strongly marked features ; a full,
etuick, light grey eye, dark sallow complexion, and black
hair. He was dressed in a sort of half military blanket
frock coat, much resembling those frequently used by the In-
dians, with dark blue buttons, collar and cuffs, grey pantaloons,
with seams of dark blue. It is thought his young Aid-de-
Camp, Spencer, will give important evidence.—Toronto Pal
Indium, March 14.
Postscript of the Toronto Patriot, Wednesday, Marcia r-4.
—We at :p the press to announce that the trial of the Bri-
gand, Sutherland, has met with a sudden interruption, in
consequence of his attempt last night to bleed himself to
death by opening veins in his arms and feet. His state of
exhaustion is extreme ; ancther half hour and he would have
been dead.
ANIHERSTRURGIL—We have seen a letter from an officer at
Amherstiourgh, of the 12th March, which states that accounts
had been received there of 40 of the Americans, wounded in
the engagement at Point Pele Island, on the 3d instant, hav-
ing been taken in for treatment at the hospital in Portland,
and that about 30 or 40 were drowned in their precipitate
flight aecross the ice. About a dozen of the company of the
8.3 d, who had pursued the runaway brigands about four miles,
fell through the ice, but were fortunately rescued by their com-
rades.— Gazette.
MILITARY.—( From the Montreal Courier, March 28.)—
The following officers appointed to particular service, recently
arrived from England, have been assigned, by a general
order of Monday last, the following stations, to which they
will proceed, on receiving their instructions. They are to
communicate with all Commanding Officers of Volunteer
corps, in the section of country to which they are appointed,
and to report to the Commander of the Forces.
Lieutenant- Colonele—R. Nickle, Quebec; Hon. G. Cath-
cart, Montreal; E. F. Gascoine, ditto ; R. R. Loring, To.
ronto ; W. Marshall, Kingston; C. F. Turner, Cornwall ; W.
Cox, Carillon ; C. C. Taylor, St. John's and Hemmingford.
Majors—W. F. Williams, Ilissisquoi ; F. A. M. Fraser,
Stanstead ; J. Campbell, Coteau du Lac ; P. Young, Press-
cott ; Anstruther, Niagara; C. Head, Beauharnois.
Caytains—G. Baron de Rottenburgh, Toronto ; J. B.
Creagh, Beauharnois.
The following gentlemen have arrived since the 20th inst. :
AT RASCO'S HOTEL—Mr. Blackburn, 85th Regiment ;
Lieutenant Duffil, R.N. ; J. R. Taylor, Esq., Assistant-Sur-
geon to the Forces; Major Carmichael ; Mr. West; Mr.
French ; Mr. Johnston ; Captain Creagh ; Captain Weide-
grave ; and Captain Grattan.
Ar ORR'S HOTEL.—A. T. Jackson, Esq., Assistant-Sur-
geon to the Forces.
A TRAGEDY THE ARKANSAS LEGISLATURE.—On Mon-
day, the 14th inst., the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives of the General Assembly or Arkansas, ( Mr. Wilson, of
Clark county) rushed Com the Chair upon Mr. Anthony, of
Randolph county, with a drawn Bewie knife, and although
resisted be his antagonist with a similar weapon, he al
io'
instantly dispatched him. The provocation was a perso
remark aimed at the Speaker, by the unfortunate Member..
Wilson was forthwith arrested by the civil authorities, and
name stricken from the roll ef the House, by nearly a u
moue vote.—Nnsheille Banner.
AMERICAN MONEY MARKET. -
NEW YORK, APRIL 2.
MONEY AND ExcataN3P.S.—There is no change in the con-
dition of money. It is scarce, and yet there is no difficulty in
milising mosey on undoubted business paper, but of this there
is but littie. Money stocks drooe in price, and specie rather
goes up. Bills for the packets of April 1 were very heavy.
Stirling bills opened at 54 to 6, hut declined to 5 pm. for the
best ; on France the closing sales of prime bills were at
5f 471 e. per dollar. Domestic exchanges are no worse than
they were a week ago. On the East there is very little varia-
tion from par. The following were the rates on Southern
places : Philadelphia, 31 to dis. ; Baltimore, 35 to 4;
Ch 'Heston, 35; Milledgeville, 81; Augusta, ; Mobile 18
discount fur certificates of deposit, and 20 for bank-notes;
New 01 leans, 4 ; Natchez certificate s of deposit sold at 30
discount ; Cincinnati, 6 to 7; Kentucky Bank-bills, 81 ;
Certificates, 71; Tennessee 20 to 25 wanted.
MONEY NIARKET, &e., APRIL 2.—Tilc stock-market con-
tinues to recede, and the business transacted is every day-
becoming snore limited. Sales on Saturday of United States
Bank at 114 to 114} ; Delaware and Hudson Canal Com-
pany, 611 ; Plicenix Bank, 91; and Boston and Providence
Railroad Company, 95. Utica Railroad Company has re-
ceded to 110. Specie has advanced a little, and is held at 21
to 2i per cen'. prem. Treasury Notes at ;1,- to a per cent. prem.
We learn that in addition to the bid= of the Windsor Bank,
those of the Newbury Bank, Wells River, Vermont, will not
be discounted on any terms by the brokers in this city.
We unable to find in the flies of London Papers which have
as y, t reached us by the Europe, quotations of a later date
for Atm.rican Socks than the 24th of February, when Louisi-
ana Five per Cents. were quoted at 96 ; New York Five per
Cents. (1845), 91 ; Pennsylvania Five per Cents. (18513), 93.
In Mississippi, and New York, and Ohio Six per Cents.
nothing has been done.
o.lr commercial advices from New Orleans for the week
ending 24th ultimo have ben received, which we are happy
to observe report some improvement in business, though
sales were still limited. The arrangement entered into by
the banks had tended .to ease the money market, and the
greatest difficulty in the way of a liberal distribution of bank
funds is said to be the scarcity of good commercial paper. A
large bilaine:s has been done in cotton,• including for the week
20,000 bales at a small improvement in prices, and the United
States Bank is said to have purchased 4,000 bales at an advance
of fully half a cent. Within a few days some revival of a de-
mand for specie had occurred; and for American gold and
silver 6to 81 pee cent. premium was paid. About 85,000
dolls. had been received on the 24th from Matamoros, and the
edvance will probably not be long sustained. Large sales of
Treasury not. s were also making at 5 to 6 per cent. premium,
and of United States Bank Notes at 3 to 35. rho rates
of discount on Mobile, Mississippi, &c., had all advanced,
say to 11 to 12 on Mobile, 21 to 22 on Mississippi, and 11 to
12 on Tennessee. Exchange on London had improved to 81,
and on New York was at 35 to 4 per cent. premium. A
great want of shipping continued, and fully 70,000 bales
were waiting vessels. The city continued healthy, arid weather
fine.

SALES ON SATURDAY AT THE STOCK-EXCHANGE
50 shares United States Bank

10 do. Ditto.
13 do. Union
15 do. American ll5
100 do. Phcenix Bank... 94
200 do. Delaware and Hudson Canal Com-

parry
25 do. Ditto l2 days 61
50 do. Ditto b. 15 days 61
100 do. Ditto s. 20 days 61

50 do. Ditto
25 do. Ditto
11 do. Equitable Ins.
80 do. Boston and Povidence Railroad
10 do. New Jersey Railroad
13 do. Ditto
5 do. Boston and Worcester
Dolls. 500 do. American Gold
50 do. Vicksburc, Bank slO af. 30 ds. 661
10 do. Haarlem Railroad Company 42ef

. .
7 do. Kentucky Bank
5 do. Ditto
13 do. Ditto 74
I 50 do. Utica Railroad
6 do. Ditto
80 do. Farmers' Trust
50 do. American Trust s. 4 ms. 91i
50 do. Ditto
50 do. Manhattan Gas Company... b. 20 ds 9l

PARK HOTEL, NORWOOD.—The Marchioness of
Wellesley has taken her departure, but will shortly return
accompanied by her sister the Marchioness of Carmarthen.
The Earl of Cadogan, after a sojourn of several weeks, has
left for town in improved health. Sir Watkin Williams Wynn,
and Mr. and Miss Wynn, left on Friday for town. The Duke
of Argyll is expected in a few days. Lord and Lady Jemima
Eliot have not arrived, but their youthful family are passing
several days at this healthy rendezvous. In the course of the
summer a series of dejeuners a lafourchette, under distinguished
patronage, will be (riven by the proprietor, on an unusually
splendid scale we believe.
We hear that M. Dedel, the representative of the
King of the Netherlands at the Court of St. James's, is about
to pay a visit of three or four weeks to his friends in Holland,
having just received permission to that effect from the Hague.
'Hie lUicellency,will probably take lcave of her Majesty to-day
7 at ti 4, Alit , reparatory to his departure. The intended
./. -.*atil'enc : . - del from London indicates that the Con-
ference . -,, 've Powers is not expected to make any im-
Lt! mediate,. pro.' towards the. adjustment of the affairs of
~., . Holland ititi ilsi —Morning Post.
`.... .-.:',,z-z.-- , ir-4 .
le'
'l4 42 a

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
Iforning 3'2 minutes after 31 Evening ......... 41) minutes after 3

HER MAJESTY'S DRAWING-ROOM.
CAUTION TO THE FASHIONABLE WORLD !! !
As a number of mistakes—of course not intentional—were made
by the Newsmen last week, in serving another paper for the
COURT GAZETTE, the following distinctions should be
noticed :
The price is Sixpence, and not,There is a Stamped Supplement,
Eightpence. Gratis.
The paper is the most beautiful The News is given up to the hour
in quality that is mad*. of publication on Saturday.
The Type is new and clear. It is published on Saturday After -
The Form elegant for binding. noon, consequently the right
There are no objectionable ad- paper cannot be served in the
vertisements. morning.
Advertisements must be sent by Friday.
162, Piccadilly, and 22, Catherine-street, Strand, next door to
the " Age " Office.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 30 minut►s past Four o' Clock.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 25, 1838.

EMANCIPATION OF THE NEGROES.

The citizens of Bath and Dublin have nobly res-
ponded to the call made upon them, in conjunction
with the friends of freedom in every part of the king-
dom, by the Anti-slavery Society. They have evinced
the sincerity of their liberal professions, by the zeal
which they have manifested to accelerate the uncon-
ditional emancipation of the apprenticed negroes in the
West Indies. We regret that want of space must pre-
vent us from doing justice to exertions so praiseworthy,
particularly as regards the citizens of Dublin—for a re-
port of whose proceedings on Saturday last we have not
room in our already crowded columns. The Teeting
was attended by Mr. O'CONNELL, and resolutions in
favour of an immediate abolition of the apprenticeship
system were carried unanimously. Of the proceedings
at the great meeting held at Bath yesterday, we are
happy to be able to furnish our readers with a
_very
full report. The resolutions which will be found under
a separate head, are exceedingly spirited ; but as
regards the conduct of the Government, happily
unnecessary. Ministers, we are delighted to learn,
will offer no further opposition to any measure
which may be introduced, having for its object
the immediate emancipation of the apprentices.
The numerous public meetings held in England,
Scotland, and Ireland, during the recess have
convinced Lord MELBOURNE and his colleagues,
that the voice of the United Kingdom is in favour
of immediate, unconditional emancipation ; and we are
happy to be able to state that all Cabinet hostility to
the measure will henceforth he withdrawn. If the
Emancipationists fail a second time—which we arc
confident they will not do—the blame cannot be laid at
the door of the Cabinet.

Government has existed in all ages and countries—
before Christianity came into the world and since,
where it has never been heard of, and where it is a part
and parcel of the law of the land. The principle on
which Government is founded, it may be presumed,
therefore, is the same in all ages and countries. Men
form Governments, and obey them, to be protected in
their persons and property. It cannot be, therefore,
the first or the chief duty of Government, as Sir RO-
BERT PEEL and some other unreflecting or hypOcriti-
cal statemen have asserted, to provide for the religious
instruction of the people. Religion relates to another
life, and its influence on this life is only the secondary
and incidental consequence of its being the means of
securing life hereafter. Government, however, con-
cerns this life exclusively ; it was and is established to
promote the welfare of men on earth, and is quite un-
able to help them heavenward. The whole doctrine
above quoted then of the PEEL school of politicians,
on which they found the necessity of supporting and
extending the national Church, is a plain and palpable
absurdity. We should only mock at it, if nothing fol-
lowed from it ; but it is intended to justify taxing the
people for behoof of the Clergy ; and our sense of its
ridiculousness gives place to indignation. Sir Ro-
BERT and his friends want to befool us to our own

wrong.

Ile and they call out formore Churches, but if the real
condition of the people at large be looked at, and if it
be the business of the Government to provide for their
earthly, not their heavenly, welfare, there are many
things of which they stand much more in need than
churches and parsons. In Ireland they are abso-
lutely starving ; and in England there are thousand:,
and even millions, to whom plenty of wholesome food
would be far more acceptable and of more permanent
advantage than any religious doctrine. We are true
Protestants, and cannot abide the Popish principle of
obtaining and deserving Heaven by monkish mortifica-
tions. We say then, that it is the. duty of the Go-
vernment, before it trouble itself about providing reli-
gious instruction for the people, to provide them with
food. Let it import and grow corn, erect mills, and
build ovens, and let it give the people plenty of bread.
Let it also raise cattle, or bring them from abroad; let
it provide slaughter-houses and butchers, and give the
people an abundance of meat. Let it, too, as its chief
duty relates to the things of this world, see that they
are well lodged, well clothed, and have plenty of
fuel. Such suggestions will be laughed at, and the
parsons will scornfully tell us that the people must
provide themselves with fuel, drink, food, and raiment.
Nay, more, they will insist on the industrious classes
finding them the means of being comfortable and happy
on earth, while they prepare these industrious classes,
by privation and misery, for happiness hereafter. Now
we quite agree with those who say that the people
should provide these things for themselves ; and we
cordially agree with those who say that it is not the
duty of the Government to provide food and clothing
for the people. But if it be not the duty of the
Government to provide them food and clothing,
without which they cannot exist, much less be com-
fortable and happy, and the Government be wholly
intended to promote their welfare on earth, how much
less must it be the duty of the Government to provide
for their religious instruction T. To say, in one and
the same breath, that it is the duty of Government to
provide for the religious instruction of the people, and
not its duty to provide them food and clothing, is to
make Government.a human contrivance to secure, not
the earthly welfare, but the salvation of mankind.

We have frequently turned our thoughts as to the
source of the opinion, that statesmen must provide re-
ligious instruction, and not food, for the people ; and
were not long in discovering what we supposed to be
its origin. To provide religious instruction implies
paying a large class of functionaries to teach it, who
unite with statesmen in promoting their views ; and
statesmen cherish the teachers of religion, on the same
principle as they cherish soldiers—they tend to pre-
serve authority, and keep the people obedient. Pa-
tience under suffering is a large doctrine, which in-

sir I&
..,Yt
.... ciP r C.,...
' 1 '') - N,..t
4:
e/he ann.
WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.
