IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Arlin, 26.
On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his beat on the
Woolsack a few minu es after five o'clock,
The Marquis of DOWNSHIRE presented a petition
from Antrim for the better observance of the Lord's Day.
Also petitions for the abolition of slavery from I3ogallan,
in the county of Down, and from Newry.
Mr. CAYLEY and others brought up several road Bilis.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery from the borough of King's Lynn,
Exet4, and ether pl tees.
The Earl of ROSEBERY presented a petition from
Hariot, for the better observ.ince of the Sabbath.
The Bishop of WINCHESTER presented petitions to
the saute effect from Wandsworth, Rye, Gloucester, and
other places.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petilon from
14,000 tradesmen, inhabitants of London and Westmin-
ster, praying their Lordships to put an end to Sunday
trading. He trusted that this petition would have its
due weight with their Lordships, and hoped the Hou.e
would comply with its prayer.
Lord DACRE presented petitions from Hertford, Wel-
ling, and other places, for the abolition of slavery.
-roe Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented a peti•
tion for the better observance of the Lord's day.

The Bishop of LITCHFIELD and COVENTRY pre-
sented similar petitions from Alqrket Raison, Newcastle-
under-Lyme, and various other places.
Lord SUFFIELD presented petitions, praying for the
abolition of slavery, from Colchester, Sevenoaks, Sitting-
bourn, Herne B iy, Little! ours, and Great Chart, in the
county of Kent ; from Wootton Bassett ; and in all, from
fifty places.
The Earl of RODEN quite agreed with the petitioners,
and hoped the Government would bring forward some
plan to effect the object so much desired by everybody.—
The Noble Lord presented petitions for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath, from several places in Ireland.
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented petitions for
the abolition of slavery from Bernard Castle, signed by
500 persons, and from another place.
The Duke of NEWCASTLE presented a petition to the
same effect from Aldborougb.

Lord WESTERN presented petitions from Essex to
the same effect.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented similar
petitions from various places in Lincolnshire. He presented
one in the absence of Lord Holland, from the Dissenters
of Oldham, praying that they might be allowed to marry
without the ceremony of the Church of England ; and
from other places for the abolition of negro slavery.
The Bishop of LINCOLN presented petitions from
Market Harborough, and other places.
Earl FITZ WILLIAM said he meant shortly to lay be-
fore the House certain resolutions upon the subject of the
present corn laws.

The Earl of ABERDEEN gave notice that on Tuesday
next he should submit a motion to the House respecting
the French expedition to Algiers.
Earl GREY laid upon the table the supplemental treaty
with France with respect to the S'ave trade.
The LORD CHANCELLOR moved that the Stafford
Election Indemnity Bill be referred to a Select Committee,
which was agreed to, after a short conversation between
Lord Kenyon and the Earl of Radnor.
The order of the day for the third reading of the Irish
Jury Bill was then read.
On the question that the Bill be now read a third time,
The Duke of WELLINGTON, after apologizing to
their Lordships fur having been the occasion of postponing
the Bib to the present day, proceeded to observe, that the
present was not a time when such a measure as that be-
fore their Lordships ought to be adopted. They had
lately passed a Bill—the Coercion Bill—giving to the
Lord Lieutenant the power of suspending the trial by jury
under certain circumstances in every part of Ireland, and
there was another Bill in progress through the Lower
House fur suspending the ordinary operation of the law
with respect to juries in certain cases, by giving to the
Government the power of changing the venue ; and this,
too, at a time when trial by jury was not a safe mode of
administering justice in many parts of Ireland. lie had
recently received a detail of the proceedings at the late
Kilkenny assizes, which, while it showed what they had
to expect from a trial by jury in certain cases, fully justi-
fied the measure which bad lately passed the House with
respect to Ireland. In the county of Kilkenny there had
