SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The rapid triumphs of the cause of Reform ren.
der it almost impossible for us to present a bare re-
cord of them : to observe on all that passes, ►s
wholly beyond our power. Cambridge offers the
single exception to the uniformity of the national
feeling on the subject of a redress of grievances.
On this point we have already submitted a friendly;
'but, it is to be feared, a fruitless warning. The
supporters of Messrs. Peel and Goulburn seem re-
solute t• convince the English nation, that so far as
rests with a large proportion of the Church of Eng-
land, grievances shall not be redressed, nor abuses
remedied, nor the horoughmongers brought to a
reckoning, nor the public rights and liberties pro-
tected ; but that the best interests of the King and
people of England shall yield implicitly to the sel-
fish prejudices of a certain number of clergymen,
most of them individuals of secluded habits, and very
little acquainted with the bearing of political ques-
tions upon the welfare of the nation at large ;—that,
in short, whenever the great body of the community,
including the most intelligent and distinguished
classes, desire to consummate any vast political im-
provement, they must expect to find an inveterate
obstacle in those to whom the education of the youth
of England is intrusted, and upon whom the most
munificent public endowments have been lavished.
We wouli ask the clerical partizans of Messrs. Peel

and Ooulburn, without the least ill will, whether
they do not see all around them proofs that the Eng-
lish nation, from Northumberland to Cornwall, has
decided in favour of Reform ? We would ask still
ft:rther—whether they do not see proofs es, erywhere,
that the new Parliament will pass the Reform Bill
by an immense majority?—that every great town
will have it—that every county, even those hitherto
the most enthralled by the Tory oligarchy, will in-
sist on the Reform Bill,—that the old Tory inte-
rests have disappeared in all directions—that all the
cannties where an election has yet been held, have
turned out the Anti-Reform candidates—and that in
many, as Lancashire, Hampshire, and Kent itself,
the Toiy pretender has fled the field at the very
apprehension of a contest ? What follows ? Why,
that the clerical party, in so far as it has embraced
the Anti-Reform party, is sure to be utterly defeated
—quite powerless as to any resistance it can offer
to the course of Parliamentary Reform. In the
name of common sense, therefore, why make ene-
mies of those with whom it is so hopeless to con-
tend ? We put it to the worldly wisdom of such
as are governed by worldly motives,—as all men are
to a great degree who have given their votes in
alarm for the temporalities of the Church,—would
it not be better for them to conciliate and engage
the affections of the country, than now, at a crisis
of such prodigious interest as the present, to rouse
and exasperate its resentments ? We declare in the
most earnest manner, and with unfeigned grief, that
if the Established Church has not of late years been
so secure as formerly, those dangers most become,
beyond calculation, at once more general and more
imminent, from these specimens just afforded of the
little sympathy to be looked for between the Clergy
as a corporation and the bulk of Engli-h society.
But as they sow, must they reap ; and we drop the
ungrateful subject. The Liverpool election is over,
and the Tory General Gascoyne, who, on the close
corporation interest, was returned by that great
borough for five or six and thirty years, has
been compelled to resign the ineffectual struggle.
The ineo'ence of these people is on a par with
their real insignificance. There never existed a
Member of Parliament more indebted to fortuitous
connexton, and less tt personal distinction of any
kind, for his 195,:= hold of that seat which gave him
hi"eh mfr} M Canning and Mr. Huskisson for
toileagues. On the late occasion of his motion
against Ministers, the old General and his cronies
reckoned on a total discomfiture of the Bill and of
the King's Government. The dynasty of the
boroughmongers was to have been restored by his
prowess. His whole air was that of a conqueror.
What is the result ? He forced the dissolution of

Parliament, and the utter extinction of his party,
with that of the system by whose instrumentality
they had flourished. The public may judge of the
public feeling at Liverpool from the numbers which
voted for the respective candidates. 'While Me-sri.
Ewart and Denison had about 1,900 each, General

Gascoyne mustered exactly 610. Lord Lonsdale's
candidate, Colonel Luhington, has been kicked
out of Carlisle, Messrs. Howard and James,
two staunch Reformers, coming in. Mr. P.
Maxwell Stewart, new Member for Lancas-
ter, is likewise a thorough Reformer. In the
Monmouthshire boroughs, the last hold of the

House of Beaufort, Lord Worcester is on the point
of succumbing to Mr. Hall, a strenuous advocate
of Reform ! A Somerset beaten in Monmouth !
Only 60 voters remained to his Lordship, and 9.5 to
his adversary. But, last and mo't memorable, we
have to announce that Sir Edward Knatchbull—
yea ! Sir Edward Knatchbull !—has surrendered at
discretism to the men of Kent. The Tory Baronet's
Committee have given in for him. The loaves and
ashes, and Ministerial snuggeries of all kinds, have
departed from the house of Knatchbull. How the
ancient mouth-piece of ultra " country gentlemen,"
the patriarch of life-and-fortune-men, will now look
round and wonder! To say that Reform is already
carried in the House of Commons, would be but a
feeble representation of the returns already sent up.
But the grand object ought to be and must be, such
a majority as will bring certain Peers to their
.enses, showing at a glance the perfect lunacy of
their striving by offensive yells or grotesque gesti-
culations, to drown a nation's voice, and stem the
torrent of necessity. We repeat, that a large majo-
rity in the Commons must now be the object of all
thinking men.—Times.

The earliest of the English county elections, that
of Buckinghamshire, is now just commencing, and
we need not remark how deeply the cause of Reform
is interested in the expulsion of the Marquis of
Chandos. To accomplish that great objeet, all minor
considerations and personal preference towards
either of the reforming candidates must be unre-
servedly sacrificed. The voters for Mr. Smith must
also vote for Mr. Grenfell; the voters for :\ir. Gren-
fell must also vote for Mr. Smith. This, we repeat,
is the only true way to secure the triumph of Re-
form. To vote for either Reformer singly, is to give
only half a vote in favour of Reform. The cause
which the voters, both in Buckinghamshire and else-
where. Are now fiAhring is their cause, not that of
the candidates ; and we trust that the union among
the voters in favour of Reform, and of the two R--
formers, will be heiriy, unanimouF, and universal.
Like the rest of the boroughmongering breed, Lord
Chandos has transformed himself from an Anti-Re.
former into a sham Reformer. This imposture is
too gross and palpable to delude any reasonable man.
It has not yet succeeded, so far as we are informed,
at any single election; and we are sure that the free-
holders of Buckinghamshire will not be the first to
run their heads into the snare.—Tintes.
Every day brings with it fresh triumphs. The
Liverpool people have not been long in enlightening
General Isaac Gascoyne, as to their sympathy with
the rest of their countrymen. The Gallant General,
finding that the better part of valour was discretion,
quitted the field, so that Liverpool has returned
two Reformers. At the final close of the poll, the
number; were—
Mr. Wi;liagn Ewart l9lO
Mr. John Evelyn Denison 1685
General Gascoyne
So mach for having the ambition to obtain a bad
pre-eminence. In the county of Kent, Sir Edward
Knatchbull, with all the Tories and high Church-
men at his back—notwithstanding his snivelling
the twelfth hour about his conversion to Reform—
bas, as we confidently anticipated, been forced to
abandon all thoughts of contest. W were gratified,

yesterday with the following address to the freehol-
ders of Kent, dated Maidstone, May 5 :
" The Central Committee for conducting the election of
Mr. Hodges and Mr. Rider beg to acquaint you that Sir
Edward Knatchbull has thought proper, on the advice of
his Committees, to retire from the contest for the repre-
sentation of the county.
" Our Committee, however, earnestly recommend that
no relaxation should take place in our exertions till the
election is finally closed ; 38 it is just possible some new
candidate may enter the field."
There cannot be a stronger proof of the intense
feelings in favour of the Ministerial plan of Reform
than what has been afforded by Kent. Sir Edward
Knatchbull and his father have represented Kent

time out of mind. Sir Edward is a clever man, a
good and attentive man of business, and may be said
to have alone (for Mr. Honywood was inactive)
managed all the county business; and he must
therefore have made many friends. The men of
Kent, so far from having been led by any over-
whelming influence, had even difficulty in persuading
a gentleman devoted to Reform to enter the lists,
and give them an opportuni,y of manifesting their
sentiments. Mr. Thigh refusei, without a guarantee
that he should be indemnified for the expense of a
contest, so little was he aware of what was passing
in the minds of the men of Kent. Fortunately Mr.
Rider was of better faith. He was assured by those
who knew the sentiments of the men of Kent, that
the hostility of the Tories and Parsons (for
throughout the country the Clergy to a man are, as
they always have been, opposed to all Reform,
whether in Government, Law, or Education,) would
be but as dust in the balance—that all that was
wanted was a candidate—and that the yeomanry
of Kent would crowd to the poll to his
support. Against the determination of the people,
all those hostile interests, all that money could
do, was really nothing; and the men of Kent
will have done themselves great honour by returning
gentlemen to represent them free of expense. This
is really choosing representatives. The election of
Surrey yesterday, without a contest, gives us two
reformers for that county. Mr. Leach, who pro-
posed Mr. Denison, said justly, " their two repre-
'entatives had voted for the Bill, and that was the
one great point which ought to occupy the atten-
tion of the constituency of England at the present
general election. He hoped that his brother elec-
tor.; of Surrey would do all that became them, and
would unite with their fellow•countiymen all over
England in now returning such Mt mbers to the
Commons' House, as would f.iree the Bill through
that assembly with such a majority as must influence

the oilier House to accept the measure, however
distasteful to them; or adverse to their supposed in-
terests." This is truly the great point to be con-
stantly kept in mind ; and the people have shown,
wherever they have had an opportunity of express-
ing their sentiments, that they have kept it in mind;
for, as Mr. Denison observed, " from Cape Ness to
the extremity of ( all were agreed as to the
vital necessity for Parliamentary Reform." The
strange address from Mr. Henry Drummond, which,
whatever the intention of the framer of it, had
clearly a mischievous tendency, was alluded to by
Mr. Hawse. " There was one gentleman," he said,
" in particular, who might be considered the highest
authority to he found in their county, opposed to the
principles of Reform—a gentleman distioguished
for his commanding abilities, for his great fortune,
for his pre-eminent benevolence, and for his un-
stained character. It was, therefore, with great
humility that he (Mr. H.) presumed to differ from
such a man. The gentleman of whom he spoke
was opposed to Parliamentary Reform, on the ground
that it might lead to revolution. Such, no doubt,
was his conscientious belief ; but he (Mr. Hawes)
must, in common with the united population of the
empire, take leave to differ from him. He feared re-
volution ! There was no danger of any such thing.
Had not the members of his Majesty's Govern-
ment as large a stake in the country as the gentle-
man in question ? Had they not as much know-
ledge ? Were they not possessed of as much expe-
-1 rience,
,and were they not, with the King himself,
neither more nor less than a body of reformers ?"
Mr. H. Drummond's justification of the course he
took was by no means satisfactory :—" On the sub-
ject of Parliamentary Reform he always had (he
said) adopted the same course with that which he
felt it his duty to pursue with reference to colonial
slavery, and he would now show that his conduct
had been consistent throughout. Whenever he met
any one who said slavery should be abolished, then
he was prepared to enter with him into the details;
but when he met those who only talked of that
gradual removal, the object of which was only to
gain time, in order eventually to prevent abolition,
then he would contend for abolition in the abstract.

It was not until the principle was conceded that he
thought it at all beneficial to enter into the detail; ;
and when impracticable details were presented to
the mind, then he demanded a concession of
principle. Such precisely was the course which
he had ever felt bound to pursue with reference
to the great question of Parliamentary Reform.
He had been a reformer, but not to the extent of
the Bill ; and he was opposed to its details, as cal-
culated to destroy the fundamental principles of the
Constitution." Well, then, let us take the case of
abolition of Colonial Slavery, on which Mr. H.
Drummond has set his heart. " When he met with
those who only talked of that gradual removal, the
object of which was only to gain time, in order
eventually to prevent abolition, then he would con-
tend for abolition in the abstract." But let us sup-
pose a Ministry prepared to abolish Colonial Slave!),
—let us suppose the principle conceded—a measure
introduced, with some of the details of which he
did not altogether agree—let us suppose, moreover,
that that Ministry, having been opposed by the slave
abolitionists, like those described by Mr. H. Drum-
mond, should find it necessary to dissolve Parlia-
ment, and throw themselves on the country. When
the people, bent on abolition, were crowding in all
direct'ons to the poll, to return determined abolition-
ists, would he, Mr. H. Drummond take that time

to publish an elaborate address to enlighten his
brother freeholders, in which, after a few common-
place declarations of approbation of Reform, he
would play the game of the gradual-renewal men,
" whose object is to gain time, in order eventually
to prevent abolition," by proclaiming that the de-
tails of the Bdl were such as to render the measure,
under the pretext of abolition, a confiscation of pro-
perty, and invitation to massacre ?—Would he cavil
about the technical meaning of the language
used in describing the conduct of those who were
endeavouring, by a factious manoeuvre, to prevent
the measure of abolition from being carried ? Would
he, instead of unmasking the notorious hypocrites
who were in their hearts averse to the abolition,
and who merely admitted the principle, in order to
counteract upon the men who were gene-
rously throwing themselves in the breach, deter-
mined to stand or fall with the measure, and pro-
claim them to the country as men without principle ?
Yet this is precisely wbat Mr. Henry Drummond
has done in the parallel case of Reform, to which
he professes devotion. He tells us even, " that he
agreed with his friend, Mr. Leach, that triennial
Parliaments might he more expedient—(Hear)--
and for many reasons, into which he should not
now inquire, it might be necessary to have re-
course to the ballot at elections.—(Hear, hear.")
Yet this admirer of triennial Parliaments, hater of
rotten borough., and advocate of the ballot, endea-
vours at a critical period of a general election, to
turn the current of popular feeling in favour of the
anti-reformers! Mr. Henry Drummond is, we be-
lieive, a very good man ; his heart may be very good ;
but we cannot say much for his head. Out upon such
friends of Reform, say we. We should be sorry to
rely on him in the case even of abolition, if matters
were to come to the push. He would be finding
out that the Ministerial Abolitionists were men
without principle, when they were exerting them-
selves to the utmost for his cause. At Chelmsford
yesterday, Colonel Tyrell found it expedient to de-
clare himself also a Reformer. " Ile was willing,"
he said," to admit that there were too many rotten
boroughs, and he regretted that the preceding Go-

vernments of the country had not taken time by the
forelock ; but the fault of the proposed Bill was,
that it went too much the other way." Precisely
as we anticipated. The old story of the drummer
and the soldier whom he was flogging—one time
too high, and another time too low. The soldier
would rather have had no flogging, and Colonel
Tyrell no Reform. However, "he was most
anxious that an honest, just, and fair measure of
Reform should be submitted to the House of Com-
mons; but at the same time he begged to state, that
he had been fifteen days before the county, and
during the whole of that time he had not been once
asked his opinions on Reform." Of course the
Parsons would not a:k him ; and as for Reformers,
it would be like asking Bill Soames what he thought
of Botany Bay. Sir Robert Peel, too, is now a
friend of Reform.—Morning Chronicle.

It appears that a meeting of the friends of Mr.
Ward took place yesterday, " for the purpose of
hearing that gentleman's explanation respecting the
course which he pursued at the late election;" Cr
rather, we may say, for the purpose of censuring the
Ex-Member for not entering upon a hopeless con-
test. The promoters of the meeting had also
another object in view—viz., the letting off their
spleen against the Press in general, and against the
Morning Herald in particular. " The conduct of
the Press," says one of these City So'among, "on
the occasion of the election, was most scandalous.
The Morning Herald represented that Mr. Ward
had given notice to all his tradesmen that he would
withdraw his custom from them if they did not vote
for him." The Herald made no such statement.
It merely said that such a report was current, which
was true ; but the writer himself declared that he
did not believe the rumour. Gentlemen, when they
bring charges against the Press, should take care to
speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth. The same Solomon goes on to say that
the Herald stated that any person who should vote
for Mr. Ward was not a moderate reformer, but a
traitor to the cause. Was not this scurrilous ?
We answer—No ; it is not scurrilous, but literally
just and true. He who deserts his cause, whether
it be the cause of Reform, or any other cause, and
joins the enemy of that which he professes to sop-
port, is neither more nor less than a heartless traitor,
and ought to be denounced as such. But we are
not surprised that Mr. Ward's friends should
be angry with us. They know full well that we
did the cause some service when we came out with
a denunciation against those trimmers, who thought
that they might be allowed, unobserved and un-
blamed, to serve two masters. An aturry enemy's
censures are frequently the best praise—and as such
We feel exceedingly obliged to Mr. Cooke for his
abuse. He has unwittingly complimented us, and
we thank him. At the meeting in qnestion Mr.
Ward avowed himself to be a man, like the Duke
of Wellington and Mr. Peel, who cared but little
for anything said of him by the Press. He said
that " he had been applied to by several gentlemen
connected with it, to know how they could serve
him ; his answer was, that the best thing they could
do was to let him alone ; he wished to be allowed
to jog on his own way." We have no doubt that
Mr. Ward would have liked to have jogged on his
own way into Parliament—and it is not surprising
that he should be angry with the Press for not
letting him alone. But we have bestowed too much
time upon this drivelling affair. A little weeping,
and wailing, and gnashing of teeth, ought to be
freely allowed to a miserable and vanquished enemy.
The Liverpool people have nobly redeemed their
character in throwing the " Ould General" over-
board! ! We are not sorry that we applied a little
wholesome coercion to the electors. That it was
calculated to do them good is evident from the
friends of Reform reprinting it, and that they de-
served it their former acts amply testify. We un-
derstand that
,Liverpool has been represented by one
of the family of Gascoyne since the time of
Charles IL—Morning Herald.

We lose no time in stating that the hand-b;lls, pur-
porting to have been issued by the Lord Mayor on
the day of the last illumination, upon which our
comments regarding his Lordship were chiefly
founded, proves, by the explanation of the Evening
Paper from which it was copied into the Morning
Post, to have been a forgery—a fact which, in jus-
tice to his Lordship, we are happy to acknowledge
and publish. The respectable Evening Paper (the
Standard) from which the intended hand-bill was
copied, after stating that the forged paper was re•
cei red by the Editor in manuscript, thus proceeds ;
" We believe that the Land-bill was a forgery, circu-
lated merely to compel the reluctant to illuminate under
the influence of fear. If no such hand-bill was circulated,
it was a fraud (like what we are hourly cmnpelied to guard
against), designed to plice the anti-revo'utionM Journals
in an awkward position. We know not what interpreta-
tion may be given to this explanation ; as far as we are
concerned it is but a recital of what we said, before the
Lord Mayor chose to vindicate birrisei in the Court of
King's Bench ; and as his Lordship did not think proper
to set the public right about the hand-bill, it is, we think,
a fair justification of the Morning Post."
It was the hand-bill which thus obtained publica-
tion that formed the ground of his Lordship's appli-
cation to the Court of King's Bench, on Wednes-
day, as will appear by the following statement of the
Attorney-General, as copied from a verbatim report
of his speech in the 'Times of yesterday :
"I have read (said the Learned Gentleman) the band-
bill which is stated in the Morning Post to have been
' extensively circulated in the city,' it, name of the Lord
Mayor, and the editor's observations upin it, which not-
withstanding the strength of the language, might excite
no very great surprise, supposing his Lordship had told
the public that the City police had orders to confine
their care to keeping the carriage-ways free, and that they
could not be expected to protect the premises of those who
formed an exception to the genera rejoicing.' But your
Lordship will hardly believe that the result of the most
careful inquiries with regard to this handbill is, that no
such thing ever in fact existed, and that no such notice
was ever printed or circulated to that or the like effect,
until it was printed in the Morning Post."
The mistake in the last sentence relative to the
pretended handbill having originated with the
Morning Post, is so satisfactorily explained by the
respectable and candid Editor of the Evening Paper
from which we copied it, that we deem it unneces-
sary to add any thing from ourselves upon the sub-
ject; and shall therefore conclude, as we begun,
with the expression of our sincere pleasure at being
enabled to do justice to the Lord Mayor on the
occasion. We bear no enmity to any man living;
We act only upon public principle, regardless of all
personal consideration ; and that our animadversions
in regard to the Lord Mayor were not founded in
any uafriendly feeling or systematic opposition to
his Lordship, is admitted even by our old friend the
Courier, which last night contains the following
remark very conspicuously displayed :—" We (says
the good-natured Editor) remember that when we
(the Courier) censured Mr. Key for his silly timi-
dity in the affair of the 9th of November, the post
praised him to the skies." Such will ever con-
tinue to be the rule of our conduct. What we
approve we applaud—what we disapprove we must
oppose and condemn.—Morning Post.
Of all the tricks resorted to by the Anti-reform
faction, the most impudent, the most unblushing and
the most disgraceful is that of endeavouring to pa's
,hemselves off for Reformers upon the people, over
whose necks they have rode during the last half
century, and to whose patient petitions for Reform
they have constantly turned a deaf ear ! Yes, the
very men who have constantly averred that the Bri-
tish Constitution was purity itself—that it worked
well—that it " was the very envy and admiration of
surrounding nations"—that it could not be im-
proved or amended—and that the transfer of a fran-
chise from a rotten and corrupt borough to a city
of immense population and wealth, was too great
an inroad upon the sacred edifice to be deliberately
thought of—yes, these men now come forward and
declare themselves to be Reformers—some to a
greater, some to a lesser extent—nay, aver that they
have always been Reformers, and that they will wil-
lingly support a moderate Reform I And what is the
object of such shameless and barefaced attempts
at deception ? Why to get themselves returned to

the ensuing Parliament, in order that they may de-
feat the very measure of which they pretend, for
the moment, to be supporters—to seize the whole
power of the Government, and to crush, by means
of it, the very people who support it for their mu-
tual protection ! This is the object, aim, and end,
of the mock moderate Reform party—of the crew
on whom, and whose families and cousins, have
showered down, for half a century, all the high
place; in the state—all the pensions, and sinecures,
and fat livings; and who, by the passing of the
Reform Bill, will sink into the insignificance which
their want of talent end principle so richly merits,
and from which, but for a corrupt Parliament, they
never would have emerged ; but the people have
been taught—taught by sad experience—how little
reliance they can place on men who have so often
and so fatally- deceived them, to give the slight-
est credit to such deceitful professions: and we
verily believe, that were the Duke of Wel-
lington himself in a situation to be returned to the
House of Commons, he would stand a much fairer
chance of election than the Peels and Goulbuins,
et id genus omne, on whose minds the lightning of
Reform has struck with such sudden and irresistible
force. No, no. The people are not to be gulled in
this way, Mesars. mock-moderate Reformers ! They
know you, and they will have none of you. They
will not intrust you with rights and liberties, on
which you have constantly encroached, to the injury
of the Crown, and the almost total extinction of the
Constitution of these realms,—they do not believe
your professions, and they will not have you for
their representatives ! Their test is the Bill, and
not Reform, in the shape and size that you would
grant Reform; and unless you are prepay; to sup-
port it, which we verily believe ye would, if you
could thereby regain office and its emoluments, your
exclusion is fixed and irrevocable, Procul abeste,
profani.—Morning Advertiser.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

Office of the Lord Chamberlain to the Qneen, St. James's-Palace

May 5, 1831.
In consequence of the great inconvenience resulting from the
cards of Ladies to be presented at her Majesty's Drawing-room,
being sent into the Office of the Lord Chamberlain to the Queen
aft r the time appointed in the Gazette; notice is hereby given,
that no cards will be received after two o'clock on Tuesday the
10th instant. _ .

The 28th of May being appointed for the celebration of the
King's Birth-day, no presentations will take place at her Ma-
jesty's Drawing Room,

'Office of Ordnance, May 5, 1831. •
Royal Regiment of Artillery—First Lieut. L. Talbot to be Se-
cond Captain, vice Patti!llo, deceased ; Second Lieut. A. Tylee
to be First Lieutenant, vice Talbot, April 1 ; Second Lieut. C. J.
Dalton, to be First Lieutenant, vice Pickard, retired on half-pay,
April 29.

Crown-office, May 6.

MEMBERS RETURNED TO SERVE IN THE NEW PARLIAMENT.
POOLE.—Benjamin Lester Lester, of the said town of Poole,
r sq. ; the Hon. William Francis Spencer Ponsonby, of Can-
ford-house, in the county of Dorset.
NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE.—Sir Matthew Ridley, Bart.; John
Hodgson, Esq.
WORC ESTER.-Thomas Henry Hastings Davies, Esq. ; George
Richard Robinson, Esq.
Nortwicii.—The Right Hon. Robert Grant, Judge Advocate-
General of his Majesty's Forces; and Richard Hanbury
Gurney, of Hethersett, in the county of Norfolk, Esq.
BERN+, icrt-t-eos-TwEen.—Sir Francis r. lake, of Tihuouth-park,
in the county of Durham, Bart. ; and Marcus Beresford, of
No. 71, Wimpole-street, in the county of Middlesex, Esq., a
Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army.
EXETER.—Lewis William Buck, Esq. ; and James Wentworth
Buller, Esq.
