FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

BY THE QUEEN.—A PROCLAMATION.
VICTORIA, R.
Whereas our Parliament stands prorogued to Thursday the
twelfth day of this instant December ; we, with the advice of
our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said
Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said twelfth day
of December instant, to Thursday the sixteenth day of January
next ; and we have given order to our Chancellor of that part of
our United Kingdom called Britain, to prepare a commission for
proroguing the same accordingly; and we do hereby further,
with the advice aforesaid, declare our Royal will and pleasure,
that the said Parliament shall, on the said Thursday the sixteenth
day of January next, assemble and be holden for the dispatch of
divers urgent and important affairs : and the Lords Spi-
ritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Bur-
gesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the
House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to
give their attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said
Thursday the sixteenth day of January next.
Given at our Court at Windsor, this ninth day of December,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-nine, and in the third year of our reign.
GOD save the QUEEN.

WHITEHALL, DEC. 9, 1839.
The Queen has been pleased to grant onto Sir Alexander
Anderson, Knt., Colonel in the Army, and Companion of the
Most Hon. Military Order of the Bath, her Royal licence and
permission, that he may accept and wear the insignia
of a Knight Commander of the Royal Portuguese
Military Order of St. Bento d' Avis, which the
Queen of Portugal hath been pleased to confer upon him, in
testimony of her Royal approbation of his gallant conduct
during the Peninsular war, when serving in her Most Faith-
ful Majesty's army, as Colonel of the 11th Regiment of Foot,
and that he may enjoy all the rights and privileges thereunto
annexed.

And also to command, that her Majesty's said concession and
especial mark of her Royal favour, be registered, together with
the relative documents, in her Majesty's College of Arms.

WHITEHALL, Dec. 9.
The Queen has been pleased to grant unto Col. George
William Paty, Lieut.-Col. of the 94th Regiment of Foot, Cern-
',anion of the most Honourable Military Order of the Bath,
and Knight of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic order, her Royal
License and permission, that he may accept and wear the in-
signia of a Knight Commander of the Royal Portugese Mili-
tary Order of St. Bento, which the Queen of Portugal hath been
pleased to confer upon him, in testimony of her Most Faithful
Majesty's Royal approbation of his gallant conduct during
the Peninsular war,. particularly at the assault of Badajos ;
and that he may enjoy all the rights and privileges there-
unto annexed; provided, nevertheless, that her Majesty's said
licence and permission (loth not authorise the assumption of
any style, appellation, rank, precedence, er privilege appertaining
unto a Knight Bachelor of these realms :
. .

And also to command that her Majesty's said concession and
especial mark of her Royal favour, be registered, together with
the relative documents, in her Majesty's College of Arms.

TITHE COMMISSION-OFFICE, Lownox, Dim. 6.
The Tithe Commissioners for England and Wales have ap-
pointed Charles Thompson, of Hare-court, Temple, in the City
of London and County of Middlesex; Esq., Barrister at Law,
to be an Assistant Tithe Commissioner for especial purposes ;
and he has this day been duly sworn in before Mr. Justice
Maule, one of her Majesty's Judges in the Court of Common
Pleas, according to the provisions of an Act passed in the 6th
and 7th William the Fourth, c. 71, intituled " An Act for the
commutation of tithes in England and Wales."

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, DEC. 7.
Corps of Royal Engineers—Second Captain W. Gregory to
be Captain, vice Jones, placed on Seconded List; First Lieu-
tenant J. Walpole to be Second Captain, vice Gregory; Se-
cond Lieutenant G. A. Leach to be First Lieutenant, vice Wal-
pole, Nov. 28.

Commission by th. Lord Lieutenant of the County of Brecknock,
Royal Brecon Militia— W. Malbon, Gent. to be Lieutenant,
Dec. 6.

Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the West Riding of the
County of York, and of the City and County of the City of
York.

2d Regiment of West York Militia—H. Boynton, Esq. to be
Captain, Dec. 3.
Southern Regiment of West Riding Yeomanry Cavalry—
W. R. Read, Esq., to be Captain, vice Holland, resigned,
Nov. 4.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of Warwickshire.
Warwickshire Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—J. Boult-
bee, Gent., to be Lieutenant, vice Hewitt, resigned ; the
Right Hon. G. Guy Lord Brooke to be Cornet, vice Boultbee,
promoted, Nov. 29.

WHITEHALL, DEC. 6.
The Lord Chancellor has appointed W. Teale, Gent., of
Leeds, H. E. B. Giles, Gent., of Hanley, in the Potteries,
Staffordshire, B. Chesshirs, jun., Gent., of Birmingham, and
E. Williams, Gent., of Brecon, to be Masters Extraordinary
in the High Court of Chancery.

The following places have been duly registered for so-
lemnising marriages therein, pursuant to the Act of 6th and
7th William IV., chap. 85:—
Ararat Chapel, Waentrodan, Glamorganshire.
Ebenezer Chapel, Newport, Southampton.
Baptist Chapel, Lyme Regis, Dorsetshire.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
THOMAS PHIPPS THOMAS, plumber, Cheltenham.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
WILLIAM HAGUE and SAMUEL HAGUE, yarn mer-
chants, Manchester.

PRICE sd.

JOHN THOROGOOD.

(From the Leicester llierczny.)
REPORT OF THE DEPUTATION APPOINTED BY THE
LEICESTER VOLUNTARY CHURCH SOCIETY TO VISIT
MR. THOROGOOD IN CHELMSFORD GAOL.
On arriving in London on Tuesday morning, the
27th of November, your deputation lost no time
in waiting on the representatives of this borough,
to request the favour of their arranging for the
presentation of your memorial on behalf of Mr.
John Thorogood to the Queen. Rather than delay
its presentation till her Majesty's next Levee, which
would not occur till Parliament re-assembled, when
either of the Members for the borough might be in-
troduced, it was thought better that it should be
immediately done, and that your Deputation should
accompany Messrs. Easthope and Ellis to some
Minister of the Crown.
On Wednesday morning your Deputation went
on to Chelmsford, where they gained ready access
to Mr. Thorogood, with whom they spent some
considerable time, and, having presented him with
fifty pounde, the sum which his friends in Leices-
ter had committed to their care, returned to London
the same night.
On Thursday, at an early hour, your Deputies
met the Members for Leicester again, through
whose energy and kindness an interview was
effected at the Home Office the same after-
noon, with the Marquis of Normanby, her Ma-
jesty's Secretary of State. They have to acknow-
ledge the courtesy of his Lordship in the prompti-
tude with which he, with, they have reason to
believe, great inconvenience to himself, responded
to their request, as well as the manly freedom
and good feeling with which he listened to
the statements it was their object to make.
From the conversation which passed, your
Deputies learnt that the prerogative of the
Throne does not extend to Mr. Thorogood's
case, that there are no constitutional means by which
he can be set free, except in the alteration of the
law ; that the Government, on Lord Normanby's re-
sponsibility, is disposed to give the question their best
attention. They cannot, however, conceal from them-
selves or from the friends of freedom at large, their
conviction that the object of their sympathy will be
permitted to linger and to die in imprisonment, and
the law which consigns him to it be continued unal-
tered and unmitigated unless public feeling awake.
Her Majesty's nistry see the difficulty attendant on
any attempt to interfere with the ecclesiastical policy
of the country, and will continue as heretofore to
be paralysed by it if left to their own inclinations
and councils. Nothing will be done except by re-
solution and perseverance on the part of the Dis-
senters, and with these nothing will remain to be
done. The abolition of Church-rates, like every
other great measure of improvement and reform
which the last twenty years have produced, must
be obtained by the loud, constitutional, unfaltering
voice of the people. That voice is already reaching
and will presently command the ear of the Senate.
It is with very much pleasure that your depu-
ties bear testimony to the respectful, urbane,
and generous conduct of Messrs. Easthope and
Ellis, the esteemed representatives of your bo-
rough. Their time, their counsels, and their
active exertions were most cheerfully afforded,
and very essentially aided your Deputation in the
business of their mission. To their honour,
whether as private gentlemen or as public men,
they, without solicitation, spontaneously added their
names to the list of contributors on Mr. Thoro-
good's behalf, and expressed their willingness to
assist by their purse at any time in carrying on our
local contest. Your deputation feel personally in-
debted to the Members for Leicester for their Ca-
tholic and honourable behaviour, and feel assured
that the numerous Dissenters of this town and
county will duly appreciate their conduct.
In Mr. Thorogood, the victim of Church tyranny,
your Deputation found a man who combines true
modesty with noble independency—deep feeling
with iron courage—hatred of spiritual oppression
with much reverence for true religion. A man whom
no bribes can lure and no threats alarm—a man
who, should his life be spared, is destined to
put the question of coercive exactions for a
State Church to a fiery test a man whose
principles they approve, whose spirit they
admire, and whose acquaintance they feel honoured
to have made. They ascertained from Mr. Tlio-
rogood that he had been brought up in the
Church of England, and that he had attended on
its worship till circumstances led him, on some oc-
casion to a Wesleyan chapel. His opinions and
sentiments respecting the nature and claims of
Christianity gradually changed. He began to
take his religious instructions and impressions from
the Scriptures rather than from the dogmas of any
sect, either endowed or voluntary. He distin-
guished between vital and nominal religion—between
a politically established hierarchy and a Church of
Jesus Christ. From this time he imbibed a deep con-
viction of the evil tendency of state religions, and in
this, his present conduct and resolution take their rise.
Before his incarceration for non-payment of a
coercive rate, he contributed a sovereign towards a
chapel-of-ease which had been opened near his re-
sidence, and which was to be supported by volun-
tary contributions, and though comparatively a
poor man, he promised to give another if required.
Bigotry, fanaticism, avarice, and the love of no-
toriety may be charged upon him by his enemies,
but such allegations are confuted by the whole tenour
of his life, and by the very mould of his character
and of his mind. Whatever be his defects these
can never, without violating both history and
philosophy, be attributed to him. The compo-
sure with which he spoke of his sufferings terminat-
ing only with his life, the temper he breathed to-
wards his persecutors, and the gratitude be evinced
towards hiS friends, commanded the esteem and
awakened the admiration of your Deputies.
Your Deputation have only to remind you that
there is no escape from the fangs of ecclesiastical op-
pression, but by an inglorious compromise or an al-
teration of the law, that this legislative change may
be effected by the firm, united, and constitutional
efforts of the non-conforming body, that the
present is the time, not for hesitation, but for ac-
tion—that apathy is more to be deprecated than
opposition—that the battle will presently be fought
in high places, and they conjure the friends of free-
dom, of equity, and of religion, to aid in the conflict.
J. P. MURSELL.
E. MIALL.

Monday, Dec. 3 1839.

THE MARINE OFFICER. By SIR ROBERT
STEELE.-Our Marine Officer is a very lively, plea-
sant, and intelligent fellow, and we have accordingly
great pleasure in directing the attention of our readers
to his autobiography. We confess that the commence-
ment of the work, in which the writer gives an account
of his birth, parentage, education, and first entry into
military life, and which is admirably written, reminding
us often of some of the best parts of Peter Simple, had
led us to anticipate more personal adventure. When
fairly embarked, Sir Robert Steele does not confine
himself to his own adventures, but touches, from time to
time, on most of the leading events of the late war—
fighting many naval battles o'er again, and giving the
honour due to many gallant spirits, who seem to have
been overlooked in the muster called for the distribution
of laurels. For Marine Officers Sir Robert's book will
have peculiar attractions, as it records many anecdotes
of the heroism and fidelity of the corps, which would
not discredit the palmiest era of Roman valour.—United
S:rvice Gazette.

MRS. GORE'S PREFERMENT."—Speaking
of this clever novel the Literary Gazette says—
" Among the most lively, acute, and successful painters
of life and manners in our day Mrs. Gore had de-
servedly taken a high place—so high a place, indeed,
that she hardly needed Preferment' to advance her
higher. But as she has chosen to claim another title
to our applause, it is but justice to award it. ' Prefer-
ment' is an exceedingly clever and amusing produc-
tion, and quite worthy of the author's reputation. The
characters belong chiefly to the upper walks of society,seak
and are drawn with distinct features, so as to afford
much variety to the sundry affairs in which they p
and act. There is a verisimilitude about the whole
which gives reality to the relation ; and events follow
each other in such rapid succession, that the interest
is perpetually kept up, and we do not tire even of the
brilliancy that sparkles throughout."
RURAL POL E.--A t a meeting of the inhabi-
tants of the parish of Watford on Monday ft: to
the Magistrates in Quarter Se&sions Iva"; unanimously
agreed to, deprecating the introduction of a rural police
into the parish.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
BIRMINGHAM, TUESDAY.—Yesterday this borough
was thrown into considerable excitement by the report
confidently put forward that Mr. Attwood had an-
n.. unced his intention of vacating his seat for Birming-
ham, and that he had actually applied for the Chiltern
Hundreds—a step which was taken without any inti-
mation being given by the Hon. Gentleman to his con-
stituents or any of his private friends. Immediately on
the authentication of this important fact, steps were
taken by the influential Reformers in the borough to
provide themselves with a candidate to represent their
interests in Parliament, and a meeting of gentlemen re-
presenting the various sections of the Liberal party
was promptly held, when, after a careful
consideration of the position in which the constituency
was placed, it was unanimously resolved that in case of
a vacancy actually occurring, Joseph Sturge, Esq.,
should be requested to allow himself to be put in nomi-
nation. In the course of the discussion which took
place a doubt was expressed whether Mr. Sturge would
be willing to come forward in such an emergency, but
this apprehension was at once set at rest by the distinct
arid unqualified avowal of some of Mr. Sturge's most
intimate friends, that if honoured with this mark of
confidence and respect, that gentleman would willingly
become a candidate for the suffrages of the electors, and
devote those energies in Parliament, which he has ever
freely given out of it, to the best interests of his fellow-
countrymen and of his fellow-creatures, of what-
ever clime or comur, throughout the world at large.
Guided by their former experience of the expense of
elections in Birmingham, the subject of " Ways and
Means" occupied no small share of attention, when some
gentlemen connected with the Anti-Corn-law movement
offered to put down 5001. towards defraying the neces-
sary expenses, and to advance 5001. more if required.
Other parties have also liberally come forward, and on
a committee being formed, a large sum was subscribed
to bear Mr. Sturge harmless through the contest should
one take place. In opposition to Mr. Sturge, rumours
are rife that Richard Spooner, Esq., a former Radical
candidate for the borough of Stafford, is about to be
again started here in the interest of the Tories and the
Church. Between two such candidates, no honest Re-
former can hesitate for a moment, and when we take
into consideration Mr. Spooner's former rejection for the
borough, when put up in opposition to the present
Members, and the very select support he then received,
there is little real ground for alarm or doubt that the
cause of liberty will suffer in the event of such a strug-
gle. Mr. Sturge comes forward with an unblemished
poiitical reputation, based on sterling moral worth. His
public benevolence is not confined by the limits of coun-
try—he has proved himself a friend to millions of the
human race ; and it is not too much to assume that to
his individual exertions and princely expenditure in the
cause of suffering humanity, that England is indebted
for the removal of the foul stain of slavery which so long
attached to her name. This is not an isolated instance
of his benevolence, or his public spirit and ardent exer-
tions in the cause of religious freedom, as an instance of
which it may be mentioned, that when it was
proposed to have the Rev. Mr. Burnett, of
Camberwell, returned by the Dissenting body in
England, as the representative of their opinions and
sentiments, Mr. Sturge nobly offered to subscribe
1,000/., and to contribute during the period Mr. Bur-
nett might continue in Parliament, 2001. a year to- (
wards his support. His brother, Charles Sturge, also
nobly came forward on the same occasion, and offered
towards the same object 1001. per annum. As to
Mr. Sturge's political views, it would be a libel on
human nature if philanthrophy and intolerance be
found to exist under any form in the same mind. It
may not, however, be out of place to say that he is a
strong opponent of the Corn-laws, and every cruel enact-
ment which tends to enrich the great at the expense of the
poor. He is an unflinching opponent of Church-rates,
a friend to the Extension of the Suffrage—an advocate
for the Ballot, and every other measure of necessary and
practical Reform ; above all, he will pin his opinions
to the sleeve of no man or Minister of the day, in order
to serve the purposes of personal vanity or private ag-
grandizement—and his circumstances fortunately place
him above all temptation as regards the latter—for he. is
in every sense of the word a thoroughly honest and in-
dependent man. That he will be returned with a tri-
umphant majority, should the Tories have the foolhardi-
ness to risk another defeat, there does not exist amongst
the independent burgesses of Birmingham the slightest
doubt.

DREADFUL PERSECUTIONS OF
THE CATHOLIC MISSIONARIES IN CHINA

The following details of the inhuman persecution
which has been carried on in China, against the mis-
sionaries and the newly conrerted Christians, is from a
letter of Mr. Delamotto, Pro-Vicar Apostolic, to Mr.
Galabert, Missionary Apostolic at Sincapore, dated
from Upper Cochin-China, 3d January, 1839:
" Eighteen hundred and thirty-eight has been a year of
sorrow and misery for Tong-King and Upper Cochin-
' China. The sword of persecution has committed ter-
rible ravages, and heaven has been peopled with mar-
tyrs ! The two Dominican Bishops of Eastern Tong-
King were arrested and beheaded in the month of July
last.* Three Spanish fathers of the same order were also
arrested and beheaded. Seven native priests, four of them
from the French mission,were also arrested and beheaded.
All these generous Confessors and martyrs have illus-
trated the Church by the courage, firmness, and con-
stancy which they exhibited in the midst of torments :
all have shed their blood for Jesus Christ. The Right
Rev. Joseph Mary Havard, of the diocese of Rennes,
Bishop of Castoria, and Vicar-Apostolic of Wcstern
Tong. King, died on the sth of July last, after three
days' illness. Behold Tong-King, then, without a
Bishop ! I have been informed that Mr. Simonin, died
in his flight to the mountains, but I have not yet re-
ceived any official intelligence concerning him. We have
also had a furious crisis in Cochin-China, on the oc-
casion of the dispersion of a small college which we es-
tablished in private. Mr. Candath, who was at the head
of this college, and the Christians of the place, not
having taken sufficient precaution, its existence came
to the knowledge of the Pagans. They endeavoured
at first to extort money, but not obtaining any, they
denounced the village to the mandarin, as containing
a European, a native priest, and a college.—On
the 7th of June, the mandarin blockaded the village
with three hundred soldiers. Early the following
morning Mr. Candath and the Annamite priest, Joachim
Chien, succeeded in effecting their escape. All the
chiefs of the sillage were arrested, put in the cangue,
and conducted to the chief town of the province, Cuang-
Tri ; there they were put to the question and torture,
and had the baseness to apostatize. A young pupil
of Mr. Candath's, eighteen years of age, and who was
arrested with them, has consoled the Church by the
generous confession of his faith, and in spite of the
thousand tortures to which he was subjected, unshaken
even unto death, he terminated his life by martyrdom.
Mr. Candath, after wandering about incessantly pursued
by the Pagans and the soldiery, died of hunger and
hardships in the mountains of Upper Cochin-China, on
the 26th July last. Father Joachim Chien succeeded
in escaping his pursuers. Dear Mr. Jaccard was in-
volved in this affair, through the hatred of some man-
darins, but particularly of the Kinz, who for a long
time was seeking some pretext to get rid of him. This
generous Confessor was strangled, together with his
pup!' Dominic, on the 21st of September, festival of St.
Matthew. The search against Mr. Candath and Father
Joachim Chien has been pushed as far as that part of
Tong-King which is next Cochin-China. Mr. Bone and
two Tong-Kinese priests were arrested, and suffered
martyrdom. Mr. 13orie was beheaded, and the two
others strangled for the faith, the 29th September last."
* These two prelates are Dr. Ignatius Delgado, Bishop
of Mellipotamus, Vicar-Apostolic since the 14th of Feb.
1794, and Dr. Dominic Henares, Bishop of Fesseitte, co-
adjuvr since the Bth Sept. 1800.

GLASGOW.—THE NEW PLAN OF POSTAGE.
—ln Glasgow the change, which commenced on
Thursday last, has had the effect of increasing the num.
her of letters sent and received by a very large amount,
extending indeed to nearly double th previous average
of transmission ; or, in other words, if the numbers
passing through our post-office may be reckoned on an
average 50,000 per week, which, we believe, is not far
from the truth, the increase during the last three days,
if kept
has
up,
will give a return of nearly 100,000. As
with the old system, the number of prepay-
mentsdoubled ; but we have been surprised to
compared
learn that in proportion to the great number forwarded,
those which weighed above the single standard of half
an ounce were very few. Those letters which paid the
first or fourpenny rate, and contained inclosures, were
no doubt very numerous, and this leads us to the sup-
position that the public would have been perfectly
satisfied, and the revenue much better protected, had
the old system of charging double letters a double price
been still retained at the reduced rates.—Glasgow
Herald.

PRESENTATION OP PLATE TO LORD WODE-
ROUSE.—The owners and occupiers of land in the hun-
dreds of Tunstead and Happing invited the Right
Hon. Lord Wodehouse, Lord Lieutenant of the
County, to a dinner at North Walsham, for the pur-
pose of presenting that nobleman with a service of
Plate, as a testimony of their esteem and approbation of
his services during a residence of forty years in that
hundred. This testimony was the more honourable,
inasmuch as it was distinguished by its freedom from
political feeling. All parties joined in this expression
of good will towards a nobleman to whom, however
some some may differ from him in political opinions, the in-
habitants of the county at large will unanimously accord
to him honesty of purpose, sincerity of opinion, and a
wish to promote the happiness of all with whom h
connected.—Norwich _Mercury. .

vV
THE INDIAN ARMY.--Arrangements have
been made by which the officers and men of the
Queen's service in India will no longer be subjected to
.
loss by exchange. Their pay in future to be issued at
the uniform rate of two shillings per rupee.—United
ervice Gazette.
