France, accompanied by a document.

Sir.—The Mexican Government having refused to accepi
the ultimatum, addressed, with the view of effecting a recon-
ciliation, to it on the 21st of March last, by the French Go-
vernment, the King's Minister i❑ Mexico, who is at this mo-
ment on board the frigate l'Herminie, has just communicated
by m-, by means of:the armed brig l'Eclipse, sent for the pur-
pose to Pensacola, this refusal, as also the measures which it
had induced Captain Bazoche, the commander of the naval
forces to employ ; and I hasten, Sir. agreeably to his Ma-
jesty's orders, to make known to the Government of the United
States, the following official notification :
All the ports of Mexico are declared to be in a state of
blockade. The blockade is rendered effective (or to be en-
forced) with regard to Vera Cruz, from and after the 15th of
the last month, and has doubtless been since extended to the
other ports of the republic.
The orders received by the commander, Bazoche, for the
execution of the duty committed to him, are, as you see, Sir,
from the annexed extract of the despatch sent to me by Baron
Deffaudis, entirely conformable with the liberal principles
professed by France on the subject of blockades ; and they are
drawn up in such a manner as to preserve neutrals, especially
the vessels of the United States, from all restraints and vexa-
tions (entraves) which are not absolutely indispensable for the
attainment of the lawful ends proposed by the King's Go-
vernment.

On addressing you, Sir, this communication, I have the
honour to request that you would be so kind as to acknowledge
the receipt of it as soon as possible, in order that the brig
Eclipse may not be detained at Pensacola waiting for my
answer longer than necessary.

I avail m— relf, Sir, of this occasion to renew to you a,-
suranecs of my high consideration.

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDA 4', MAY 23, 1838.

GREAT WESTERN STEAMER.

A JOURNAL OF THE FIRST VOYAGE OF THE
STEAM-SHIP " GREAT WESTERN," LIEUT.
JAMES HOSKINS, COMMANDER,FROM BRIS-
TOL TO NEW YORK. BY A PASSENGER.
( From the Philadelphia National Gazette of May 5. )
SATITIIDAY, APRIL 7.—Our departure from Bristol was at the ap-
pointed time of sailing. Having got on bo.ird a small steamer, a twad_
riling little thing, we left the foot of the Cumberland, or outer basin, at
a few minutes past two, p.m., to join the Great Western, at the mouth
of the river, the Avon—not Shakspeare's—a tributary to the Severn,
and upon which, at some ten or twelve miles from its confluence with the
parent stream, Bristol is situated.
The day was an unpropitious one. A strong breeze, almost a gale, blew
dead against us ; the clouds lowered, and a cutting rain, alternated with
a fitful sunshine. Had our lot been cast in those good old times, when
Nature, in her freaks, revealed to grandames the mysteries of buttermilk
and unhatched eggs, we had surely deemed it ominous, for the elements
seemed to fret and fume over the commencement of the voyage. Thanks
to the darkness of the latter days, however, the wind to us was but
wind, and the rain but rain; so wrapping our cloaks still closer about
us to exclude both, our duckling ofa steamer was permitted to paddle en.
The scenery in the vicinity of Bristol is perhaps the finest of its cha.
meter in England, and passing down the Avon it is seen in some of its
most enchanting features. For some miles below the city the shore on
either side is a continuity of stupendous granite rock, sometimes at-
taining the height of three hundred feet above the water mark. Start-
ing from the stream, with but a narrow road or toe path at the base oc-
casionally to relieve the abruptness, they rise,, piling mass on mass and
vein on vein, frowning in naked crags, the impracticable precipice—or
yielding their severity, gently recede, grudging their rude cliffs to the
mountain larch.
At one point on the river, the heights of Clifton were visible, w:th
their graceful crescents peering above like the creations of a fairy land.
Near to these we passed the site of the contemplated suspension bridge
over the Avon. The workmen are as yet engaged only on the abut-
ments,—enormous structures, wrought upon the hill side, resembling
rather the gigantic efforts of a giant race (the engrafting of rock on rock)
than the work of common men. An iron bar, seven hundred and
eighty.five feet in length, stretched from summit to summit on
at an elevation of one hundred and seventy-two feet from low water
mark, shews the precise spot, height and length, of the intended bridge.
At another point our attention was attracted by men procuring a par-
ticular sort of stone. It was at a little distance from the river, but at
One of the most precipitous and highest points of rock. They seemed
to use nothing but crow-bars in the work, the part to which their atten-
tion was given being soft. They stood upon small cliffs almost at the
top of the precipice, with ropes about their waists and passed over the
summit, to assist them in ascending and descending, as well as to guard
against any unhappy slips, and prying the stone from its bed, it came
down in huge masses, rattling and rebounding as it struck with the
noise almost of distant thunder.
Beyond this rocky section the shore breaks into finely sloped hills,
abounding in wood, hedge, and lawn. Foliage had not yet burst; still
had the plough and harrow b sen busy, contrasting delightfully the warm
and mellow earth with the verdure of the award, already in the rich hue
of spring.
The rise and fall of the tide in the Severn is thirty feet, and having
the flood against us, our passage was prolonged.
We reached the Great Western at about five rem., and strange it
seemed. So strongly had curiosity been excited by this vessel, that we
who had now come to take our departure by her were obliged to wait whilst
a small steamer, thronged with eager visitants, left her side to make
room for us.
We joined her ; and as is ever the case on shipboard at the appointed
moment of sailing, every thing was poll mell. It seems little short of
professional, or in coif lenity with some quirk in a sailor's creed that it
should be so—and bad not experience given me a hint of this fact, I
would really have been dismayed—spars, boards, boxes, barrels, sails,
cordage, seemingly without number, stirr^d well together—coals for the
groundwork—baggage to infinity—Captain scolding, mates bawling,
men growling, and passengers in the midst of all, in the way of every
thing and every body, is a pretty good description of the state ofa ship's
deck generally, when about to get under weigh.
It happens mostly that a very little time is sufficient to put matters in
tolerable order, and off they go, relying upon the sea to do the rest, in
shaking persons as well as things into their proper places. With us,
however, the derangement was a littlebeyond this, and the breeze having
now increased to a gale, it was determined by Captain Hoskins to lie by
until the morning ; so each installing himself in his little castle, found
enough to do in the arrangement of it to amuse him for the evening,
and all I believe found an early bed made welcome by a day of fatigue.
SuNnav, Eerie—At eight a.m. this morning, our ears were saluted by
the low roar of the furnaces, which announced the kindling of the fires,
the note of preparation for departure.
At nine the steam was up ; our colours were hoisted ; the British
ensign at our gaff, while that of our sister country, the l..nd t f our
present hope,
was assigned an honourable place at the fore. Tile call
for all hands was immediately made, with the order to man the windlass.
It was over two hours before the anchor was to the bow, a delay at
At twelve
iiave a w
assailed
ied were
usfairly
in
which all grew impatient, but unavoidable by reason of the great scope
t thecontemplation and
of chain out, and everything being new the windlass worked stiffly.
whateverof
mo ius
rg i
ve nygasg
e, mightl
e believe
viously
that at this moment there was not a faltering heart amongst us. Such
stability, such power, such provision against every probable or barely
possible contingency, and such order presented itself everywhere on
board, as was sufficient to allay all fear. That there should latterly have
been a doubt as to the practicability and safety of a passage by steam
across the Atlantic, seems indeed strange, when with any effort of rea-
son we took at the question. The North Sea and the Mediterranean by
tire way of Gibraltar frem England, have been long navigated by steam ;
and it is now nearly two years since the passage to India, by way of the
Cape of Good Hope, has beets successfully made by four or five different
vessels; and in all this there has surely been as much encountered as is
ever likely to assail a navigation by the same means between Europe and
America. Yet, that doubts have existed on the score of this new at-
tempt, extensively, and in the minds of many who ought to be able to
form a correct judgment upon thesubject, there can no question. It is a
weakness of our nature that sometimes so strangely permits our imagi-
nations to beset us with difficulties, which exist only in the fact that an
effort to confront them has not been made. Thus it was in a former
age that regions unexplored were invested with fancied terrors, and more
than half the globe lay for centuries unknown.
The evening found us at the mouth of the Bristol Channel, Lundy
bearing N., making our way against a head wind, and upon an ugly
hard sea.

MONDAY, 9th.—The morning opened upon us de;ight rutty, and with
such a face as made our steamer glorious—sunny aad quiet, the sea
heaved in glassy volumes, disturbed only immediately around us by the
plunge of our paddle wheels, and the rapid progress of the vessel. To
one accustomed to the assoCivaetisrels,Otfhteilee.ffseeac,taws tahsevyearrycsutrsiukaililiyg•
.prelennitseisd
fttneoeetl
pine i
lgas,,e voyagertslieef wavesr a
friends
cialiatalni tdl ea'ge
stirringx pa expanse
,ovforld water,;a dh ve
theirn
rs some
rim measure rde
push.takei
ings are to him like the voices and glee of boon coinpanions, or their
the angry discord of other elements ; and the
absence
es
of
fn
these,
mtihni
the quietude
as
uietude of a calm—the glare of the unruffled
ocean, conveys to his feelings a sense of solitude and silence not less
powerful perhaps, than would the wilderness itself t o one accustomed
only to the jarrings and jostlings of the every day world. This, in-
deed, is the only solitude the sailor knows ; the only silence he truly
feels; and to see the repose of the deep thus invaded, our vessel cours.
ing on, I can scarce call it else, for her swiftness appeared the eager.
news of hot pursuit, seemed strange as the sight of some startling op.
parition of active life in the midst of the unbroken desart.
At ten a.m. a light breeze from the Northward made sail ; several
vessels in sight.
At twelve, noon, came up with and spoke American ship Neponset,
tChliiiaekrlersotgenad a
heavy
head
swell ; weather looking dirty.
o f B
At
sfitvoen , fourp.m . dwaiyasdoauht
eoafdLiverpool,
all, in
sail for oir
Latitude at noon ..... . ........ . ..... 50d. 27m. N.
Longitude 7d. 32m. W.
Barometer
30d. 10m.
Thermometer .................. 55d.
Course by Compass
Wind
TUESDAY lOth.—Fairly shaking hands with Old Neptune, through a
head wind, and over a head sea. The incipient symptoms of yesterday
have become confirmed cases this morning. Sea sickness stalks in
stifling horror among us, and the dreadful cry of steward'—stewartp____
the last ejaculation of despair, comes from a dozen nooks, hurried in a
piercing treble, or growled forth with muttered maledictions on the
dilatory bucket bearer, in the deep tones of thorough bass.
At 9A. M. two sail in sight—a large ship abeam, to windward, stand.
ing E., a ship on the weather bow, close hauled on the larboard tack ;
wind W.S. W. Soon discovered a black ball painted in the foretopsail
of the latter, by which we knew her for a packet ship; hoisted our
colours, the American at the fore; kept the steamer up a point, and at
11 passed and spoke her—the South America, seven days out of Liver-
pool, for New York.
Whatever might have been the kindness and good will with which we
called
graced our greeting of this fellow wayfarer of the deep and however
warmly and sincerely we would have yielded to any claim upon our cha-
rities in his behalf, yet I much fear that with it all, we entertained at
bh
ieea
almostrt feelinga
t,at thateoa d
otherwise,of un ec
andonii n exultation.ie frailty
ea hardlyn
it t wasbe
impossi.
unpardonable.
The meeting of a packet ship, a creature I may can it of proud pre-
eminence,
iwwasfeaelsionrgtsof e
fc contest, and
sailor
rd
atriumph r waset,lisatted thatlia.hown ship,
moment.in ur
a
aas,
whatever she may be; yet sailing—quick sailing, being the beauty—the
point of pride--the one thing needful to constitute her perfect, when-
ver that is found, especially if combined with other merits, she is su-
premely the object of his regard above all else that he may meet. Her
conquests are his, and lie would be little less affected by any thing impair-
ing her high claims, than if he'hirnself had become the victim of disaster
and defeat
Our salutations were In the courtesy of the seas ; our colours were
answered by his numbers, to which we again responded by heisting ours.
Thus decked with flags we bore up to speak him. As we approached,
the steamer stretched to windward, thoegh not near enough to hail ;
our engines wbre stopped,—the ship shot ahead, and gathering our way
atoll. we passed under his stern and up to leeward. It was a noble sight;
she was under topgallant sails, making the best of a fresh breeze, dead
ahead, jammed upon a wind, a sailor would term it—and I really know
no phrase of more polished form by which to convey the idea better,
even to a landsman.
Fancy her careening to the breeze, plunging at one moment, the foam
rolling in volumes from beneath her bows—rising at the next—up—up
—her polished copper bare, her keel almost out, seeming the very exer-
tion of instinctive effort, then down with a plunge, dashing off the foam
again, every inch of canvas stretched to its uttermost, and the wind
seeming in her very teeth—fancy this, and you have some notion of a
ship at sea " close hauled." Her sides were crowded with passengers;
there were but two ladies. We too bore a " cottage" with its flaunting
veil, and our pride dilated in the display of such a sharer in the venture
of our voyage.
Our Captains exchanged the mystic tone; the indefinable bellow of
adieus were
a " hail;" " where from," and " how long out," were soon asked ;
our friends, the steamer urged her way a-head, the helm was ordered
rr .1
course.a stba ribs foaanr
cde, made; and exchanging three hearty cheers, first given by
ou
At 3 p.m.
a ship to leeward, by the wind, on the larboard tack.
ebuyrloc.gol.ruis.w..e..r.e..h.a.u..l.et.l down, and we were again upon
At 4 P.M. wind hauled to S.W. ; made sail. Day ends with fine
breeze and smooth sea.
Latitude at noon
Longitude
213 miles.
Barometer 30.20
.....................
Thermometer
Course by Compass .. W. by N.
Wind ... S.W.
WEDNESDAY, llth.—This morning we were surprised by the appear.
ance of a bouquet on one of our cabin tables ; hyacinths, daffodils, vio.
lets, and primroses at sea 1 It were vain to inquire whence they came,
so we scout the question, and, like good heathens, receive them, render-
ing thanks to the Nereides.
It would be difficult for the uninitiated to conceive how ardently
every circumstance on shipboard is taken hold of, however trilling it
may be in itself, that can in any way be made to contribute to agreeable
occupation, or even to a momentary pastime. The mind seems unwit-
tingly to partake restraintof,afacdmmiatdestelitideigfihhbteeycsichihai upon our corporeal freedom, and to
shrink instinctively from its accustomed flights to others of a narrower
range : a sail in the distance, a wearied land bird flitting by, an excur-
sion in the boat, a gun let off, a burning barrel turned adrift, the veriest
jestiiTluari
gedtrhy,t,a,
,candlblj
trifles,ad,
tneet:lrvieeaestii atm;ae
g theyan:anctoi
dttaeihir:e,eatra,s
otaoilsmi:geileist
iceatl
eh maesta.eeizineotthat anol
ther
stance, assumshececobatoar:dcfo:al miner feature of domestic life, a household seeming,

it is seized with the quick avidity and enjoyed with the zest of a stolen
pleasure.
At 6 A.M. passed a large ship, showing French colours, standing to
the eastward.
At 8 A.m, a brig standing to the Westward ; wind hauling to the
Northward, jibbed ship and set square foresail and f .retopsail.
At 11 A.m. an American ship to leeward, standing E.
The day ends with a fine breeze frons N. E. ; all sail set; a large
swell out of W.S. W.
Latitude at noon
Longitude
17 10
Distance by log
Barometer
Thermometer
Course by Compass
Wind
THURSDAY, 12T11.—The repose of last night might be compared to a
tossing in a blanket, and a dance of pot-hooks and frying pans were
nothing in din to the glorious clatter among the moveables that accom.
mulled it; to a sailor it would be quite enough to say, the wind was
" right aft," the text to a whole chapter of horrors. The motion of a
ship under sail has sometimes been compared to the noble bearing of a
stately horse; it is a pretty shnle, and a vastly exciting one when
upon a smooth sea we can fancy our nag ambles well; or even in a
breeze, when mounting the waves with a " side wind," the exhiliration
of the moment may persuade us that we prance upon the deep; but
with the wind abaft, the roll, the interminable, ceaseless roll, is beyond
the power of imagination to liken to any thing to which Providence
ever gave a gait. The congregated infirmities of all the halt in Christ
endom could scarce be worse.
The difference of motion by a "side wind" and the wind abaft is, that
with the former, however the ship may pitch, she is still somuch inclined
always—pressed over by the wind, that whatever moves is sure to go to
the lower side, or " down to leeward," and will there lie quietly. But
when tefore the wind the ship rolls, descending to equal points on either
side, and the consequence is, that everything not absolutely spiked or
lashed down hard and fast plays at every oscillation to the Utmost of its
tether, accompanying the movement with its own peculiar music of creak,
clatter, or squeak, as the case may be. Sometimes, as if by way of
climax, the water tumbles in over one gunwale, swashing over the deci,,
aed dribbling by every aperture into the cabin below—then rolling again,
as if to court the embraces of a sister wave, the ship descends, and again
in pours a briny sweet one over the other. Sitting or standing at such a
time is equally an exertion of our best powers of tenacity, and to take
to one's berth may be likened to seeking refuge within the arms cf a
" demented sentry box." And with all this, the confusion, the row
among chairs, trunks, and all the locomotive paraphernalia of the cabin,
the never-dying conflict of platters, spoons, and dishes in the steward's
toom, the creaking of bulk heads, and the occasional thump and rumble
of a "fetch away" on deck, form an aggregate or ludicrous discomfiture
unequalled by the most refined misery which any derangement or dis-
order on shore could possibly inflict. I speak now of what sometimes
occurs at sea. We have not hail anything quits of this order.
At noon thick weather and moderate breeze at E.
At 8 ism. wind hauled to N. N.E.; settfore-and-aft foresail,'mainsaii,
and mizen ; sea smooth, and the ship literally flying through the water.
Latitude at noon 47a 17' N.
Longitude 22 51 W.
Distance by log 231 miles.
Barometer
Thermometer 63
Course by Compass W. N. W.
p. Wind ES. E. to N.N.E.
FRIDAY, fine morning; the sea in its richest livery, a bril-
liant blue, studded with flowing " white caps" and looking gay any
merry. The day has been interesting by experiments upon our engines;
the object was to ascertain the speed of the vessel relatively with the
degree of power applied and the required consumption of coal,
The result is reducible to figures in a very small compass.
Power of steam to the Revolutions Stiles per Cwt. of Coate
square inch. per Minute. Hour per Hogs.
3i lbs. or full steam ... 15i 12,1 28 B-10ths of 3i 1b5......... 15 12i A 27 IN
7-10ths ditto ...... 14 121 26
5-10th ditto
The power of the engines being 225 horses each*.
The gradations were arrived at by the Cramm, a part of the engine
adapted to "cut off the stroke," as it is technically termed, to any de.
sired proportion, which is done by its action on one of the principal
valves in such a manner as partially to close it. The proof of the amount
of pressure, was shown by an instrument called the Indicator, which
was screwed upon the cylinder—communicating with it from from
within for the purpose, and which, by the action of the engine, most in-
geniously given to it, described with a lead pencil upon paper a paral-
lelogram, cutting off one corner, showing the precise vacuum in the
cylinder, and by this, the proportion of power applied.
To a novice, the wi ole process seemed a mystic operation, and re-
minded one of the story of an Indian, who seeing a steam engine, fan-
cied that a spirit lay imprisoned within the boilers, and that by building
a fire beneath them, it was excited to fury, and thus put the whole in
motion.
The paper and lead pencil in such hands, and the close observation of
the besmutted engineers, might verily be said to bear some resemblance
to the intercourse of imps with an incarcerated devil.
The experiments strikingly illustrate the mechanical principle of the
difference between the ratio of power applied, and that of its results. Our
sails were set dosing the day, with the wind from the Southward, but so
light as could have had no appreciable influence on our experiments.
The morning was thus well nigh consumed, and a day thus began at
sea, to and fro on deck—upon the wing as it might be—is seldom given
in the end to sedentary occupations or to any pursuit more profitable
than a prolonged lounge. Our strolls for the afternoon lay between the
jib-doom end and the poop, watching the heaving of the sea and the
motion of the vessel ; and we were at least exhilirated, if made none the
wiser by our peregrinations
The day ends with fine weather, the wind at E. in all fore.and.aft sail,
Latitude at noon, 46d. 56 N.
Longitude, 28 27 W.
Distance by log 218 miles.
Barometer .30.75
Thermometer 64
Course by compass
Wind
S.E. to N.E.
SATURDAY, 14.—The •I'otiquet has our care. It is now among the
first duties of the litOrning to look to it; to cull its withered leaves and
replenish the water. It has become a matter of ambition with us to
carry' into New York a flower still fresh, though plucked in England.
How incongruous it seems that a simple violet should become the tes-
timony to a great achievement I—even to beard the philosopher iiimselft
Saturday afternoon on board ship is made to bear some likeness to the
termination of the same day on shore by a likeness in its duties—a
generalclearing up and marked preparation for Sunday. We have had
enough of it. For etting all else in the bustle, I will merely mention
, that our decks were holy stoned I"Ilast ever seen or heard holy
stones? They :re of the good old family of grindstones, bearing are.
lationship to it, kindred to that of squeaking pigs to their grandmother.
To describe them—they are blocks of stone something larger and nearly
as heavy as a square 56 pounds weight. They have brush handles at-
tach, d, and are used with as much sand as may be needful to aid the
operation anti bring the music to a certain pitch, to scour the decks.
Now imagine a dozen or more of these put in motion over head, some
two or three feet above you, for the purpose and in the manner that I
have named—that is holy stoning simply'—infliction iu the first degree,
and suited to an age ere the inquisition became an exquisite. But the
moment chosen invariably happens to be that at which you have jus
fallen into an afternoon nap, or are enjoying the raptures of delicious
morningdreamsl—and this—but I cannot find a name for the foul torture.
The day being smooth, time engines were stopped at noon, for the first
time on the passage, to examine the paddle wheels, and to " screw up."
Lay by two hours.
At 2 P.M. proceeded. At 3 came up with and passed a small brig
steering W. The day throughout has been fine, with a light breeze
from the southward, and smooth sea. All sail set.
Latitude at noon ..
Longitude ......
Distance by log
Barometer
Thermometer ..... .. os
Course by compass
Wind
S.E.
SUNDAY, 15th.--Commences with a tine breeze from the southward)
and a smooth sea—a brilliant morning. All sail set, our ship goinA
nobly on. Nowhere is the influence of fine weather upon time spirits
more strongly felt than at sea—a bright day, a fair wind, and the sea
glittering in the sun, seem spells which charm every element of happi.,
ness within us into activity and life. This seems strange in the ab-
sence of so much generally associated with our pleasures, yet it is so
and the reason, I take to be, is this—that though deprived of much that'
under other circumstances might minister to feelings of a grosser birth,
yet the freedom from care, and the abstraction from the world which
every one at sea feels, leaves us the more susceptible to a subtle influ.'
ence and a high enjoyment.
Sunday on board ship is mostly as marked and as perceptible by every•
external characteristic as it is on shore. Swept decks, clean clothes,"
smooth chins, and no work among the crew, are as distinct from the:
every. day complexion of a sea life, as are closed shops, smart dresses,:
and a quiet air, from the week-day bustle of a crowded city: and with,
these, even the sun at sea has the same Sunday look he seems to wear
when smiling upon the Sabbath of one's home. At 11 A.M. we hayse service in the upper cabin; prayers read by the Captain. At 1 rsaf. exchanged signals with a large American ship standing E. Day ends'
with a fine breeze from S. W. and an increasing sea.
Latitude at noon 45 deg. 12 min. N.
Longitude
39
Distance by log
41 miles.
Barometer . ......... 30.40
Thermometer
Course by compass ..•. 65
Win-1 . ......... W. by N.
MONDAY, 16th.—Morning comes and evening goes at sea, as else-
where, and every day has its chronicle. A ship is a little empire; it
has its monarch and his chief councillors, its patricians and plebeians, its
codes and customs, its laws and their vindication, its fashions and its
follies ; and the history of a voyage might be compared to the annals of
an era in the existence of one of those greater members of the world's
community. There is this difference, that while men remain still_
ciently unchanged at sea, to carry still the seeds of discord and disuni
within, it is left to a nobler influence from without, than that of a fear
of our fellow men—a dread of the elements themselves, to overcoiA,',
them; an influence that in its character of an appellant to our fears,
one is almost ready to believe involves the only principle of combination
—the only impulse to a common purpose, to which our imperfect natures
are susceptible. A member of our State, of the plebeian order,
was this morning given over to the chief judge, and by the chief
judge to the king 1 In plain truth, Jack had been refracto. and refusing his work he was brought to judgment. The hearing was a
short one; a negotiation was entered upon with the belligerent, and
terms offered for his ratification—either to do duty and share the p.
vileges and protection extended to faithful subjects, or to do nothing and
share nothing appertaining to those things which men are pleased to
deem wholesome and comfortable—meat and drink. Tack was too
much a man of the world to desire to place himself in a position so pecu-
liar as the latter would have entailed, so accepting the former, the affair
was ended.
At 6 a, at. the wind chopped into N. W., with a strong breeze, handed
all sails; a heavy swell out of S. W

46. 23. N.
34. 9. W.
218 miles.
30. 60.

At noon wind more moderate and hauling to the northward, set reefed
fore and-aft foresail and mainsail

At 9 P.M., wind hauled to S. V., blowing hard ; made the ship in ug
under reefed fore.and.aft foresail on the larbaard tack.
At 11 p.m., wind backed to N. \V. in a hard squall and increasing. with
a high cross sea running, in all sail; a foul night.
Latitude at noon 44 min. 34 deg. N.
Longitude 45 31 W.
Distance by log 043 miles.
Barometer
30.30
Thermometer 52.
Course by Compass W. N. W.
Wind
S W. to N. W.
TUESDAY, 17th.—An appropriate figure head for our ship would be,
Vulcan with Neptune by the beard, and old bolus fairly under foot.
Such had been the picture had Ovid told the story of our voyage, for it
seems little short of a conquest of the elements.
The past night and day have afforded us in some measure an oppo,-
tunity of testing the powers of steam against the adverse influences weather—a gale in our teeth, and a sea ahead, which in volume is seldom
found in any part of the Atlantic beyond the limits of the banks ()I'
Newfoundland. Our ship behaved nobly. She plunged and rolled, a
The whole number of revolutions of the ines during the voyage,
was two hundred and eighty-seven thousand three h ndred and twent y_
four

t Dr. Lardner in his work on the steam engine, 1836, declares thi
project—the enterprise--one of the boldest iii the application of steam
power—the then contemplated intercourse between London and New
York by steam, to be impracticable.

Course by compass
Wind

w. N. W
N. W.

The declining sun seemed to announce our approach to the shores of
America. Without that diversified richness of the sky which some-
times .:waits upon the day's departure there, it yet had enough of charac-
teristic to proclaim it as its own.
A mass of heavy clouds had gathered above and around, darkening
the day It broke in the west, an •I ruse in a broad, low, and strongly de.
fined arch like the lifting of a curtain, disp'aying the setting sun through
an atmosphere so rich and so pure that the fancy might almost deem it.
such as angels dwell in. The ocean lay tinted in its hues, blending the
gold and purple with its own deep blue, a:td as the sun rani: still lower,
streams c flight shot upward bathing the heavens and the whole canopy'
of clouds in floods of richest crimson —lt was a sunset and twilight sff
the new world.
Saturday evening, on board ship is mostly a time. of some distinction,
Note by the Editor.—This is an error; and our author's remarks.
and congratulations on the priority of the Great Weste n in navigating:
the Atlantic by steam, are without foundation. To Americans belong'
the honour of being the first to show the safety of steam navigation
across the Atlantic. The following account of the voyage is from the
Net, York Courier and Enquirer of the 26th ultimo
Captain Moses Rogers, in the year 1819, left the port of Savannah,
in a steamer of ibe same Dame, on the 25th of May, and came to anchor
at Live,Tool on the 20th of June. She left Liverpool on the 23d of
July, t'or St. Petersburg!), and on the 9th of September moored off Cron-
statn. On the 6th of October she left Cronstadt, and on tit 30th of
November anchored off Savannah, having on her return voyage stopped_
four days at Copenhagen, and four days a* Arundel, in Norway. During:
the whole of this period, she snot with no accident, except the loss of
ae
small boat and anchors.

" The steam ship Savannah, was built tinder the superintendence of
Captain Rogers, and was launched in the pelt of New York, on the
2:1.: of August, 1818. Her wheels were so constructed that they could
he taken on board in case of necessity, in about twenty minutes. The
cpy in it adds, that when•the Savannah• sailed from Liverpool for Russia,the British journals of the day suggested that this " steam
operation may in some measure be connected with the ambitious views
of the United States."
Such are the facts in connexion with this expedition of Capt. Roged-s,
and it is certainly due to his own reputation and the honour of the
country, that a more full account of it should be put on record. As far
the above statement goes, it may be relied upon as entirely authentic;
but some permanent memorial of the enterprise is eesirahle, to perpe-
tuate the name of Captain Rogers, and to vindicate the fame of his
achievement.

In confirmation of the statements of our correspondent; we annex the
following paragraph, from the Star of last evening :
`` TuE FIRST STI.::01 Snip Acaoss THE ATLANTTC.—WithOLII wishing
in any manner to derogate from the honour that belongs to Lieutenant
Roberts, of the Sirius steam ship, just arrived fr,in Cork, it is dire
to our own country t., ,tate, that to America belongs the
cre.At of having first accomplished a steam voyage across the
Atlantic Ocean. Phis took piace in the year 1819, which is
therefore eighteen y( ars since. mhe. Savannah, built here in New York
by Francis Fickett; owned by ,Janie! Dodd ; Stephen Vail,
of Speed..
well, near Morristown, built the engine or the ship. Captain Rogers
was her comman.ler, and she sailed. to Europe twice, She visited Liver-
pool and Stockholm ; the King of Sweden, Bernadotte, was on board of
her, and presented Captain Rogers with a stone and mulct (now in the
possession of Mr. George 1,11), as a 'token of his gratification at the suc-
cess of the enterprise. The ship also visited St. Petersburgh, and
Captain Rogers received from the Emperor a present of a silver tea ket-
tie, as a token of hip. gratifi,ntion at the first attempt to cross the Atlan-
tic by stcaol. The :;avannah afterwards went to Constantinople, and.
the Captain received presents from the Grand Seignor."

every vessel in similar circumstances must have done—often burying
her paddle win to the shaft, and was as uncomfortable as any huge
cradle well tossed and tumbled could be ; yet her motions were easy,
anti her progress without intermission.
In consequence of the heavy sea, the working of the engines was re-
duced to ten revolutions per minute, during which time it is shown by
the result of the observations of the morning, that we made an average
of five and a half knots per hour.
The morning found our cabin in some confusion, as is usual on ship-
, board after a rough night. Among other mishaps, the little pitcher
holding our bouquet, had " felched way," and the flowers lay bruised
and strewed about the carpet. Our drowsy senses, after a wakeful
night, seemed little affected by the event—an undisturbed nap, anti an
absence of care for our own proper equilibrium on a smoother sea, will
doubtless leave us more alive to our loss.
At 5 A.M. passed a brig lying to under close reefed niain.top.sail, and
balanc;., reefed trysail.
At 11 A.M. on the eastern edge of the banks of Newfouedland. Ex-
changed signals with a large barque showing English colours, steering
to the southward.
At noon wind more moderate.
At g P.st. stopped the engines, and hove to for a cart of the lead ; had
6110111 at 25 fathoms.
Latitude at nooli
Longitude
Distance by log
Barometer
Tiiertnometer

WEDNESDAY, BTll.—lt is quite clear we have no fraternity with the
fishes The porpoise, the most frequent of our ocean visitors usually,
whose g mbols around the bows are often the subject of a moment's in-
terest to the voyager, comes now, dashing forward with its merry troop
in, all their accustomed glee, until near our paddle wheels they turn_
startled by the plashing—and dash off, tumbling and rolling, it would
seem, upon each other in their haste, like a levy of frighted
children, who had become suddenly assured of having mistaken:
a hobgoblin for a well-known friend. In making a voy-
age in the Great Western, every day affords occasion for the expree_
sion of astonishment at the progress of Science ,and the attainment of
human power; and as vain or as common-place as the question may ap_
pear, it seems to present itself there, invested with something like so-
lemnity—when and at what point shall the pile be shaken which cemsti-
lutes the sublime fabric of I:mnati know leC.ge ? But a few generations
since, and the ocean upon which we sail, the continent to which our
coin se is directed,—aye, more than half the world were beyond the ken of /non ! and now—what are they ?--what is man himself, and what are
human means, wrought out by the divinity within us, compared hills
the creature out his aids of those days? The question, where will
these things riot an end is irresistible.
At 5, rat., smooth sea and moderate breeze front S. W.
At 6, lest., a large ship to leeward, steering E.
Leti!tide at n00n.............
N.
Longitude
52m. 30d, W.
Distance by log.
Barometer ........ . ............... 30 20
Thermometer
42
Course
Wind
W.
THURSDAY, 19111.—T0 an accustomed sailor --.1 minion of the winds—
it is long before the novelty of a steamer at sea, with all the attendant
circumstances of its internal economy, can wear itself into familiarity. •
Chiefly he feels a strange relief in the absence of care about the weather
or the winds—sources to which he has habitually looked for a large
proportion of his contentment. The never ceasing question of the morning to which he is used—" how is the wind ?" or " how does she
head ?" presents itself ai his waking like the remembrance of some
nauseous morning dose now discontinued ; and in place of the excite-
ment among his fellow voyagers by afair wind and the prospect of a fine
run, or the despondency by a foul one and all sorts of evil forebodings,
he hears the common parlance of every day life, or issuing from his
room finds them distributed in groups awaiting breakfast, in the discus-
sion of the merits of their favourite picture! The space too, and, as
far as regards the Great Western, the splendour around, continually
surprise him. The light spars, light sails, and light rigging, on deck,
look like light walls and great windows to an ac eistotned prison—rob-
bing it of half its terrors. A sailor, to whom a dark cloud has ever
been a thing of watchful apprehension—like a stealing, crafty enemy—
cannot cast his eyes aloft but feeling a new sense of safety, he will turn
to the squall with a grin, and lreling it in the face, bid it " blow its
heart out."
The richness below—the cabin—sec ins the expression of individual
taste, and the elegance of a bountiful hospitality, rather than a provi-
sion for the common participation of the wayfarer ; and this at sea,
too ! The change is a pleasant one, and to the older voyager, unfa-
miliar as it ma} be, it is perhaps the more delightful, as he alone can
truly estimate the change—a transition from the endurances to what
may be called the luxuries of the enjoyments of a sea life.
At 4, P.M., came up with and spoke the American ship Jefferson, of
Baltimore, thirty-five days out of London for New York.
At 10 res., fresh breeze from S.W., and much sea.
Latitude at noon, 42 deg. 2 min. N.
Longitude, 56 48 W.
Distance by log, 206 miles.
Barometer, 30 10
Thermometer, 63
Course by compass, W,
Wind, a v.
Frtinev 20err.— A thoroughly uncomfortable day, and decidedly a bad
road; with such tracks left us to crawl ever as the wind god makes when
there has been heavy work. Our roach rolling and pitching abominably
to the very hubbs. A more than usually heavy sea has left us little
with which to occupy
maintain that ourselves to-day, heyond the care needful to
'.,sitien which is the pride of our nature—a well poised
equilibli":in on both legs. The motion of the ship was greater this
m..,rniug that. any we had before had. Nearly calm, or the little wind
there was nearly a-head, our sails were of no service, and a heavy sea,
such as usually follows a violent gale, tossed us like a floating bird upon
the waves. It was satisfactory, however, as affording further illustra-
tions of the capabilities of the vessel. Her engines were eased, yet she
continued at a speed of not less than six or seven knets per hour. And
those features in her model which, before her sailing, were the only
grounds of doubt, as far as mere model was conccrned—her length and
sharpness—seemed now the characteristics best adapted to her purpose.
She cleaves the sea upon her water-line, while her bearings below are
quite sufficient to give her buoyancy, almost without a plunge, and a
remarkable consequence of this, aided by her length is, that
her way, though abated, as must ever occur to any ves-
sel upon a head sea, is yet, never wholly lost; hence have
we been during the whole voyage, without that jar and check, by
the stroke of the sea, to which vessels are usually subject under similar
circumstances. The nature of the propelling power has, also, an impor-
tent agency in this distinction; the action of the paddle wheel being
from the centre of the vessel horizontally, has no effect upon her per-
pendicular motions, while that of the mast, under a heavy press of sail,
being from above, acts partially as a lever upon the hull, to make every
plunge the more severe.
There another remarkable distinction in the Great Western—an
absence, in a great measure, of sensible motion or jar from her engines.
This arises as well from the strength of the vessel as from the character
of the engines themselves--a very low pressure, a short stroke, and a
slow movement.
Towards evening the sea became more smooth, the wind hauling to
the northward. Sudden transitions of this kind, more than once upon
our voyage, have led us to the idea that the power of lomotion gives
ns an advantage never before dreamt of, that we are enabled in
some measure to verify the Munchausen story of keeping the rain at
our horse's tail —that in short, we may very much decrease the en-
durance of foul weather by running out of it. It would, at all events,
be an interesting subject of inquiry, by a comparison of log, from time to
time with the account of other vessels, to ascertain how far the changes
arising from this circumstance really do occur.
Latitude at noon
Longitude ...... 60 34 W.
Distance by log_
Barometer
30 deg.
Thermometer
55
Course by Compass
Wind
S. W. by W.
SATURDAY, 21sT.—We have to congratulate ourselves upon another
fine morning and another smooth sea. With a fine breeze from the
northward, we are staggering under all our canvass, and the engines in
full play, it is impossible to conceive any thing of human sway or human
power upon the deep more exhilirating or delightful. Few positions in
lire carry with them a greater spell upon the feelings, or excite us to a
nobler sense of our own nature, than that of the voyager upon the
ocean, when his ship, bending under a press of canvass, and mounting
majestically at every succeeding wave, she urges her rapid way. Such
magnitude, such power, and yet so child-dike ! a word—the slightest
inurement of the helm—and she is governed ; the winds and the very sea
seem to be at his control.
With us too, there is much to aid the excitement ; we are of the
first (m) to make the great adventure, to establish that success which
may, and probably will, mark an era in the intercourse—in the fraternity
of a wide world.
The afternoon was diversified by a sharp snow squall. It continued
until our masts, sails, and rigging were completely hung in its fleecy
drapery; and until the snow lay nearly two inches deep upon our decks;
the result of all which was, a thorough set to at snow-balls by all the
idlers of the cabin.

\

nd this being the last we looked for on our voyage, both dinner time
and evening were made merry—at the former the health cf our Captain
was drunk for the tenth time, on the passage, I believe, and responded
to with that enthusiasm which warm hearts own, when feeling points to
to an object worthy their high regard.
The evening hEd its own sweet toast of sweethearts and wives—and
more than this—but this, to all the rest was as the key-note to the
overture.
Day ends with a fine breeze from the Northward, all sail set, close
hauled :

Latitude at Noon 4,d. 30m. N.
Longitude 64 24 W.
Distance by log 192 miles.
Barometer 30.30
Thcremometer 42
Course by compass W.
Wind N. W.

SCNDAY, 22d.—The day has partaken something of the excitement
of anticipated arrival. The anchors were got over the bows, the cables
were got up and bent, and all those arrangements made which mark the
approach to land ; and as is ever the case among the idlers, the disp,si-
tion to do little else than lounge and talk, and dream of the things of the
morrow, prevailed over every other incentive to occupation.
At five cm., spoke the packet ship Westminster, forty-eight hours
out of New York, for London.
At eight A.M. a sail to windward, close hauled, on the starboard tack.
At 10 A a sail to leeward. Day ends with a modes ate breeze from
N.W., and a smooth sea. All sail set, close hauled.
Latitude at noon
Longitude ... 69 3 W.
Distance by log l9B miles
Barometer
Thermometer
Course by Compass ... W. by N.
Wind
MONDAY, 23d.—The morning of arrival to the journalist is one of
brief.periods. Objects multiply upon his attention too fast—the occa-
sion itself distracts him. The number of vessels within the horizon, the
bustle of active preparation, the momentary expectation of making the
land, and the dimly .iescricd pilot-boat in the distance, are excitements
too great to admit of that equanimity which is needful to prolonged re-
mark. One almost Lreathes hurriedly at the thought of all that flits
before him in the delightli.l picture of gratified curiosity or of home,
and friends, and fire-side enjoym,:..t. which his imagination paints as so
nearly within his reach.
To pursue our narrative—we havc a m 0.:,: inch as in every way
we could have desired, bright and tranquil—the jPvment of it is in
happy keeping with our recollections of the whole voya„,
At 10 A.M. we were joined by the pilot. His boat —a ;
little schooner—came down before a fine breeze, and hauling u 5.

windward, salutations were exchanged, his skiff was launched, and a
few moments brought him to our deck. It was amusing to observe the
wonderment of the tenants of the littlecraft at our vessel. If eyes :Ind
mouths be any indices to feeling, there must have been something not
often of this earth in theirs.

At twelve, noon, the cry of land ran through the ship; and in an
instant there was a rush to the poop, the rigging, the forecastle,—the
highest points of the vessel—it was there—a-head, aid land, o was
re-echoed loudly and merrily upon e•iery tongue. It is difficult—im-
possible, justly to describe the expressions which pervade a ship at the
moment of first discovering the land. It is a look of joy—not the ex-
pression of a common passion, but a highly-wrought sense—an
eruption of the feelings which displays itself in all that tongue
can utter, all that smiles can say, all that eye can speak. It
Is a time as well of grave ejaculation as of merry jest. " My
country !" cried one, extending his arms half solemnly, and with a look
of thought. ' And there,' cried another, peeping through his nether
eye, and pointing to the broad sheet of foam which marked our way upon
the water, far as eye could reach,—` there is the road to mine.'
There is something, too, of the ludicrous withal at such a time. The
resurrection of ' other' clothes, and the exchange of hats for caps, make
such changes as seem almost to claim the necessity of other introduc-
tions. The rusty jacket has suddenly become the superfine black long-
tailed, and the out-at elbows of yesterday, sports now perhaps the finest
ileece in the flock.

Our progress was rapid, and the land which at first was but a dark line
upon the horizon's verge—a cloud seemingly at its early birth—soon b--
came distinctly visible—the heights of Neversink.
Before crossing the bar, our ' poles' which had been some-
time housed,' were all aloft, and flags streaming at each ;
the British Ensign at the gaff That at the fore was
one adopted at the launching of the ship,—a combination of
the British and American ensigns, the stars quartered on the British
union, the stripes on the field—an emblem one might fancy of that re_
Ord for each other, if one may so speak of States, of that alliance in a
noble fellowship of parent with its daughter empire, which it is quite
certain the intelligence of both countries ratifies and would desire, should
ever be.

At ono moment it seemed probably we should be afforded the oppor-
tunity of adding an act of kindness to the events of the day. The wind
was light and baffling. A little schooner at somedistance, in attempting
*0 pass too near the edge of a shoal, was so drifted by a strong tide, that
her grounding amidst the breaker seemed to us inevitable, and it was
only after the most positive assuranees of the pilot that she would work
clear, that our Captain would allow the steamer to proceed further,
without first sending her a hawser, and relieving her from the difficulty.
At 3 p.m. we passed the Narrows, opening the bay and harbour of New
York, our sails all furled, and the engines at their topmost speed. The city
was scarcely discernible, reposing it seemed in the distance in the quietude
Hof majesty, while little islands on either hand, cannon crested, stood like
nature's ushers to this queen of the Western World. The country around
looked arid and unsightly, the vegetation of spring having not yet put
forward. _ .

As weproceeded, an exciting scene awaited us. Coming abreast of
Bradlow'sibland we were saluted by the fort with twenty-six guns, and
the coincidence of this with our own movements on board, heightened
our enjoyment of it immeasurably. The skylights to our cabin abaft
are made to form two tables on deck, mahogany topped, and with a most
witching look of invitation to a repast upon them, whenever a smooth
sea and sunny day make it pleasant to dine or lunch beneath the awning.
It had been agreed amongst us, some days previously, that before
we left the ship, one of these tables should be christened the Victoria,
the other President. 'Wine and fruit had been set out upon them
for this purpose—we were standing round the former of them—the health
of Briton's Queen had been proposed—the toast drunk, and amidst
the cheers that followed, the arm was just raised to consummate the
naming, when the fort opened its tire. The effect was electric. Our
colours were lowered in acknowledgment of the compliment, and the
burst which accompanied it from our decks—drinking to the President
and the country, and breaking wine again, was more loud and more

joyous, than if at that moment we had unitedly overcome a common
enemy. Proceeding still, the city became more and more distinct—
vesselo, masts, buildings, spires, seeming taller as •we approached—trees,
streets--the people—the announcement of the arrival of the ship by
teilegraph had brought thousands to every point of view upon the water
side—beat, too, in shoals were out to welcome her, and every
object seemed a superadded impulse to our feelings. The
first to which our attention was ■ow given was the Sirius,
lying at anchor in the North river, gay with flowing streamers and

literally crammed with spectators, her decks, her paddle boxes, her

rigging, mast head high ! We paased around her, receiving and giving
• three hearty cheers—then turned towards the Battery. Here myriads
seemed collected ; boats had gathered around us, in countless confusion,
Sags were flying, guns were firing, and cheering again--the shore, the
boats, on all hands around, loudly and gloriously, seemed as though they
would never have done.

It was an exciting moment—a moment which in the tame events of
life finds few parallels—it seemed the out pouring congratulations of a
whole people, when s 'welling hearts were open to receive and to return
them. It was a moment, that if both nations could have witnessed
would have assured them, though babblers may rail, and fools may af-
fect contempt, that at heart there is still a feeling and an affinity between
them. It was a moment of achievement;—we had been sharers in the
chances of a noble effort, and each one of us felt the pride of participa
tion in the success of it, and this was the crowning instant :—experiment
then ceased—certainty was attained—our voyage was accomplished.

ALLIGHANY RIVUR.— We learn from the Pittsburgh Gazate that
three steam boats are now running regularly between that, city and Kit-
tanning, Franklin and Warren, on the Alleghany river.—The resources
of the fine valley watered by that stream are beginning to develope
themselves rapidly, and with especial beneficial effect fo Pittsburgh
as their principal market.
Edmund Dwight, Esq., of Boston, has given 10,000 dollars to the
Board of Education of that city.

The corner stone of the new Library of Harvas Univer,ity was lard
on Tuesday last.

(From the Charleston Courier of April 28.)
EXTENSIVE CONFLAGRATION.

TEN O'CLOCK, P.M.—About one hour sine!, a calamity, long dread, d,
on account of the extreme dry weather, came suddenly upon us, a fire
having commenced in the,sear of a small building attached to a twg
story wooden house, on the corner of King and Beresford-street. The
flames immediately communicated to two adjoining wooden buildings,
to the North, one occupied by Mrs. Gnech, all of which were soon burnt
down ; the brick building of Mr. Black, Baker, followed, and at this time
all the houses fronting on King-street, bet..veen Beresford street and
Swinton's-lane, are destroyed, and fire has been communicated to the
roof of Mr. Robb's Grocery Store, on the opposite side of King street,
and to the Paint Store of J. C. Simons, un the S.W. corner of Beresford-
*net and King street. A number of buildings have already been blown
up by the Engineer, and this must be the principal means of preventing
the extension of the conflagration, as there is a groat scarcity of water.
We have at this time no idea when or where it will end, but will give
further information.
' "•

TWELVE O'CLOCIL—The fire is still progressing, and with the most
destructive effects. We can no longer attempt to give the names of the
sufferers. We have just left the scene of calamity, and present ap-
pearances give but the hope that the brick building of Mr. Seigling,
corner of King and Hasell. street, and the adjoining brick house to the
South, may arrest the flames on that side of King-street, although se-
veral wooden buildings in the rear are on fire. he large brick house
of Nathan Hag, on the S.E. corner of Market and King streets, is
now nearly consumed, and there can be little doubt that while we are
writing, the buildings on the opposite corner, occupied by Willi tm
Howland, as a dry goods store, is in flans, and as the wind is flaw
blowing moderately from the S.W., there is ..'cry reason to believe that
the range of houses on the East side of K t.g-street, as far as Has:ll-
- must fall a prey to the devouring cleinent. Several houses on
the South side of Market street, have also been destroyed, and the fire
is now making tremendous progress down that street towards Meeting-
street. It is latterly impossible at this time to express any opinion as to
the final result of this awful visitation. We hear reports of some ac-
cidents having occurred, but have not sufficient positive information to
enable us to give particulars. From fifteen to twenty houses have
been blown up, in endeavouring to stop the progress of the flames. We
will give further information before the paper goes to press.
HALF. PAST Two o'Ceocg, A.M.—lnstead of announcing to our
readers that the flames are in any manner subdued, we have the most
melancholy accounts of their continuance. The wood work of the new
Masonic hall, at the west end of the mai ket, and the whole of the public
markets, as far as Church-street, are cone, the brick walls only remain-
ing; all the houses on the south side of Market-street; the new stores
on the Burnt Lands ; the splendid new Hotel ; the whole of both sides
of Meeting, as far as Hasell-street—all, all are in ruins. In King-street,
the hope that Mr. Seigling's building would arrest the fire in that quar-
ter has proved fallacious, as the flames have swept over it, and passed to
the other corner. The Theatre has been on fire in a number of places,
and is now burning on the roof, but hopes are entertained that it may
yet be saved, and the most unremitting exertions are making for that
purpose. One or two buildings on Key's wharf have also been burnt
down, and the steam-packet Neptune was in imminent danger, but for-
tunately was extricated from her perilous situation, and anchored in
safety in the stream.
Thereat extent of this dreadful conflagration places it entirely out of
our power ir ascertain further particulars in time to insert them in this
morning's paper.
We are still entirely unable to express an opinion as to the prospect
of its being checked,
but carpe and trust it may boon be effected. Al_
ready has our beautiful city, full tide of prosperity, received a
blow, that another generation will be able to repair. We have
no words to express our feelings—they may .eagined, but to attempt
to describe them would be a mockery.
The rumours of accidents thicken upon us, and we Lev -end reason
to believe they are numerous and in several instances fatal. _ will
not permit us to add more.

(From the Boston Evening Transcript, May 4.)
GREAT FIRE AT CHARLESTON' S. C.—EIGHT HUNDRED HOUSES
DESTROYED! A fire broke out at Charleston, at eight o'clock in the
evening of the 27th April, and raged with great fury until noon of the
next day. The number of buildings destroyed is variously estimated
train 600 to 1,200. The fire originated in a paint shop, cn the west
side of King, at the corner of Beresford-street, and swept over a surface
Of a third of a mile square, including King and Meeting streets—the

, two great parallel avenues to the country—the stores of the principal
dealers in dry goods, hardware, shoes, &c.. together with
several important public buildings and hotels. The heavy
grocers and shipping merchant escaped. Arrangements have
been for some time going on with the design of removing
the heavy dry goods trade from King-street near Liberty We a
position nearer the harbour. A new street had been opened for this
purpose, and named Pearl. street, on which a splendid brick hotel
had been erected, covering more ground than the Astor House.
It was to have been opened during the present month by Colonel
Page, who recently kept the Exchange Hotel, in Baltimore. The
hotel is amongst the ruins, but, a block of ten granite stores
opposite to it stand almost unharmed. Letters speak of the fire
as ruinous to the prospects of business for the present. The most
valuable stocks of gooos on the district burned over, were far off
from the point where the fire commenced, and near where
it terminated, so that a good deal of time was had for
removals. The amount of loss is not so great as at first might be
imagined, as the space burnt over is larger than the New York burnt
district. The buildings were most of them of small value. The loss is
estimated at 750,000 dollars.
Among the buildings consumed, besides the splendid new hotel, are a
number of churches, the new theatre, and the whole market except the
Fish Market. A large number of houses were blown up to no purpoie.
All the powder in the city was exhausted and all the water in the
pumps, and the people w: aried with a whole night's incessant and una-
vailing toil, found themselves in the morning unable to make but a feeble
resistance to the still raging and devouring flames. A number of per.
sons were killed by the blowing up of houses and throwing furniture into
the streets. The steam-boat Neptune, lying in the Bay, caught on fire,
but was fortunately extinguished.

(From the Charleston Courier of April 30.)
MOBILE, APRIL 25.—DREADFUL FIRE.— A fire broke out this nr:r-
fling about two o'clock, in the square bounded by Conception, St. An-
thony, St. Jochim, and St. Louis streets, which consumed every building
in the square. It occurred, we understand, in a kitchen, and as all the
buildings were frame, and a stiff wind blowing at the time, they were
soon is one solid sheet of flame, and at four o'clock there was nothing
left standing on the square but the naked chimneys. Most of the furni-
ture of the occupants, we believe, was saved. We have not been able to
ascertain the number of houses destroyed, nor the probable amount of
loss sustained.
At one period it was fearfully apprehended that the fire would take
a wider range, and extend itself to some more valuable buildings across
St. Anthony-street; but owing to the width of the streets, or the lowness
of the houses on fire, the conflagration did not go beyond the square in
which it originated.
LAND OFFICE AT ST, STEPHEN'S BURNT —By a private letter from
this place, we I arts that in St. Stephen's, on the 12th inst , the house of
Magoffin, Esq., occupied as the Land Office fur this district, was
ent,r_.y 'estroyed by fire, as also was a store-house adjoining, the pro..
piny of Mrs. Ca,k,den of Greet,borough. Owing to the praiseworthy
and persevering efforts cf the neighbours and others present, the books,
of the Land Office were ei,ll:2ly saved—not a leaf, so far as can be
discovered, being lost.

(From the New York Price Current of the sth if.;'.)
EXCHANGE.

Bills on London, 60 days' sight, £ sterling, 6i a 63 per cant. prem.
France
Holland 39 a 393
Hamburg Marc—s Banco 34 a 35
Bremen Rix tiollars 773 a 7S
Boston, at sight
Philadelphia
Baltimore
Richmond 5 a 6 his.

North Carolina — a 5 dis.
Charleston
Savannah
Augusta
23 a 25 dis.
Ap.ilachicola
-- Mobile
New Orleans
Louisville
Nashville
....
Natchez...
8 a 10 dig.
.--St. Louis .
...
Cincinnati... 9 a 10 dis
-- Michigan
American Gold
American Gold, New Coin
Portuguese Gold
Spanish Dollars
Carolus Dollars...
Half Dollars a prem.
Mexican Dollars
1
Five Franc Pieces
Doubloons
Doubloons, Patriot
Sovereigns
Heavy Guineas
STOCKS.

Corrected yester.lay by Lewis—Forman, Stock and Exchange Broker,
Member of the Board, 471, Wall-street.
Offered. Asked.
Ohio Sixes, 1850
Corporation Fives, 1850 lOO --
United States Bank

Passengers List of the Steam-shi
R. N., Commander from New York
•

R. Hasluck
J. I. Penny
G. Duxbury
I. H. Albers
E Chadwick

Leon Kerkenreth
G. Duncan, (lady and servant)

W. A. Bannister
Robert Sharp
I. Violette
V. Voss
H. Prevost
1. P. Shaw

Lt. Henry Curtis, 85th Regt
Lord J. Butler
Mrs. M. Sandilands
Mercer Jones
G. H. Huelin
Lt. A. Bizelow, U. S. Navy
Lewis Hoffman
J. Labodie
G. Brusle
B. Duprix
J. A. Agnew
Julius Sucrow
F. F. Doer

ip Great Western, James Hoskin,
to Bristol :

Mrs. N. Jacques
Lt. Carpender, U.S. Navy
Lt. Lynch, U.S. Navy
IL Coles
James Porteus

C. M. Jopp, and servant
S. B. Dyer

Dr. Bowles, and lady
James Deane
Cai.tain I. Dwyer
Edward Bannister
* Colonel I. W. Webb
Rev. N. 0. Donnell

George Ord
A. F. Stoddard
I. P. Hamilton
Miss A. E. Hamilton
E. Munro
Thomas Niles
John Hughes
Mr. MlDonald
Miss E. Havard
William Weyman
Mr. Mead, and Lady
H. M`Kim
Captain W. Chase, and Lady

P. Vance Hon. William Crane
J. Hartley K Harris
Favreau Mr. Gulliland
J. Nicholson From 20 to 30,000 letters, 50 bales
Miss Cross of Cotton for the Bristol New Cot-
Robert Wynne ton Works.
Sixty-eight passengers, at 35 guineas-2,499/.los.
Vessels spoken with by the Same—May 7, the Wellington, from
Portsmouth, for New York—received letters from her. Bth May, the
Columbus, from a whaling voyage, for New Loudon-46 days from St.
Helena. Bth May, the Cosmo, Bristol, for New York—all well. May
10, the Howard, Havannah, for St. Petersburgh-10 days from Key
West. 14th May, the Madrid, from Rotterdam, for Philadelphia—
out 19 days. 20th May, the Samuel, from Mobile, for Liverpool. 20th
May, the Virginian, from New Orleans, for Liverpool—out 37 days. '
* Col. I. W. Webb is, we believe, the same gentleman who fought
the rifle duel.

The " New York Sunday News" of May 6 states that " George
Pearce, the engineer to the Great Western, died on that day, from a
severe scald he received on the day she arrived in leting off the steam."

NEGRO EMANCIPATION

MEETING OF DELEGATES-(THIS

DAY.)

According to the adjournment from the meeting, of which we gave
yesterdaym et rthis anrao
ranc
gu n
at
ti n
ttehne
oS.Second, Edition
owonf
's Hotel.
Su Sun, , the
There
were
about 154 Delegates present.
Mr. BLAIR, the Chairman, said—Gentlemen, I should do vio-
lence to my own feelings, and I doubt not to yours also, if I did not
at once express the heartfelt gratitude and delight I feel at the cir-
cumstances under which we are assembled this morning. The result of
last night's debate records for the encouragement of the philanthropist
and Christian in all time to come, one of the nc.blest triumphs of hu-
manity, and justice, and principle, that has ever been achieved. The
British House of Commons has solemnly decreed that the negroes are
entitl.d to immediate and unconditional freedom, and I trust this deci-
sion —not only as decisive of the question of slavery in our own colonies,
but as mightily accelerating the downfall of the wicked and atrocious
system in every part of the world—our first feeling (and I hope we
shall consider it our first duty to give expression to that feeling in the
shape of a resolution) ought to be one of devout gratitude to Almighty
God for having guided our efforts to so prosperous an issue; and next.
of thankfulness to these right-minded men in the House of Commons,
who, by their votes of last night, have struck the last fetter from the
limbs of more than half a million of our oppressed fellow-subjects. But
we must not in our joy forget that much still remaims to be done ; that
our work is by no moans completed. A Bill must now be brought in
to give effect to the resolution that has been passed, and in order to carry
this Bill successfully through all its stages, it will demand all the firm-
ness, wisdom, and perseverance we can command. As I am sure
we should have exhibited no unmanly depression in the case
of defeat, so, I trust we shall display no unseemly elation in the hour
of victory, and especially that we shall abstain all hasty, intempera e and
condemnatory expressions or resolutions in relation to those who have
opposed us. Let us do nothing, I say, nothing at the present moment
that can produce any needless exasperation of feeling. Let us not widen,
but rather seek by moderation and good feeling to close the breach be-
twe !ri us, for we shall need all the assistance and co-operation we can se-
cure. Let us hope that all opposition will now cease, if it is only fur
the peace of the Colonies, and the safety and welfare of all classes there.
Especially, let us hope, that now, at all events we shall encounter no
further opposition at the hands of her Majesty's Government, but that
bowing to the decision of the British House of Commons, they will now
take the matter into their own hands, and lend all their authority to
give effect to the resolutions of the House and the wishes of the
nation. I will only say that if they refuse to do so a most
fearful responsibility will rest upon their heads.
After a desultory conversation, it was agreed that Mr. Alexander
and the Rev. Mr. Bunting should retire as a sub Committee, to prepare
a resolution expressive of the devout gratitude of the delegates to Divine
Providence for the success of the caffse in the House of Commons las
night.
Mr. STUROE wished to say a few words in reference to what he had
seen in one of the morning papers this day, to the effect that Sir E.
Wilmot came forward on the apprenticeship question only to restore
himself to popularity, on account of a recent vote of his. There
were few men in the House from whose politics he (Mr. Sturge)
differed more than he did from those of Sir E. Wilmot, but
it was due to that Hon. Member's personal character to say that
he voted three years ago in the same way, and since then had stood three
contested elections ; and very few of those who voted for him were
Abolitionists.—(Hear, hear.) He did not regard this as a question of
party politics, and he would have voted for Sir George Strickland's mo-
tion, but that, as was well known, his health was so bad that he could not
go down to the House.—(Hear, hear.) So far from his (Sir E. NV.)
having undertaken the motion of last night for any personal purpose,
the Delegates had unanimously commissioned him (Mr. Sturge) to re-
quest the Hon. Baronet to bring it forward, and he immediately and
cheerfully consented.—(Hear, hear.) The Morning Paper alluded to
said that the division took place in a small House; but it was his
opinion, that the majority would have been greater in a full one. That
however they could not now prove, but it was, at all events, no fault of
I,elegates.—(Hear, hear, and laughter.) And the debate closed
with an e.zrellent speech—for he had never heard a more eloquent,
more impressive, ::net more argumentative speech in his life than Mr.
Bulwer's.—(Applause.) After the declaration of Lord John Russell
(immediately after the division) tl:cy could not expect the assistance of
the Government, and therefore it would reouire much consideration
before the friends of the negro came forward With coy Bill.—(Hear.)
He (Mr. S.) had received a letter from one of their friends in J:nrs.ca,
from which he read the following extract :

Jamaica, 14th April 183 S,

The speech of Lord Brougham has astounded the pro-slavery faction
here. Let but the Noble Lord maintain his position, supported by the
combined ection of the friends of the slave, and I am mucn mistaken if
the planters themselves will not be glad to end the contest, by uniting in
the cry for universal freedom in August next. At all events, the ma-
jority will prefer this, I am persuaded, to the adoption of the provisions
proposed by lord Glenelg. Had these provisions been introduced into
the Abolition Act at an earlier period, it would have been well; but it
appears to me impossible that they will now effect the purposes of peace.
Upon this subject I most cordially concur in the sentiments contained in
the Emancipator. To put an end to strife—to secure industry, and se-
cular prosperity—to create harmony and happiness, and to prevent in-
subordination and bloodshed, every vestige of the system must be at once
abolished."

He Dir. S.) felt persuaded that (after the division of last night) the
question was, in some way or other, virtually settled, as far, at least, as
Jamaica was concerned.—(Hear, hear.) He had received another letter
from one of their boldest friends in Jamaica, who spoke with alarm and
apprehension, that the planters would proceed to acts of violence and
bloecished, if the negrcei attempted to act on the principle of passive re-
sistence after the Ist of August next. He read the following passage:—
" JAMAICA, APRIL 10, 1838.
" I must emphatically call on you to consider this question without
delay, for Ido feel that something should be done by the British svern-
ment to obviate the bloodshed and massacre that wil; be perp.trated, if
the demoniac slave-master has the slightest power of wreaking his ven..
geance on those who resist, and those who hate oppression. There are
at present in the Militia, and in the magistracy a vast number who have
once already steeped their hands in the gore of the offended negi o, because
he dared to assert that he has the passions and the sensibilities cf our
common neture; and they will again, and I feel satisfi:Nl they anxiously
desire the opportunity to glut their insatiable prcrensities upon the
negro, and all those who have mainta.ned for him his right to equal
liberty. I cannot then too forcibly impress upon you to do whatever
you can to divert the local authorities of the colony of all and every
means of actine, if civil commotion arises, and use your efforts, I -again
repeat, without delay."
The cause would be in more danger unless their Bill should be completely
carried, and if it were defeated in one clause in either Howe of Perlia-
ment. There was, however, one view of the question which would
materially serve them with the greater part of the country. He meant
the question of the sugar duties.—(Hear, hear ) He then went into
the details of the imports of raw sugars from Jamaica, St. Domingo,
and the East Indies; the exports of refined sugars ; by which he
showed that if the Government slid not give, by an enormous bounty, a
great preference to sugar which was the produce of slave labour, the best
refined sugar would be sold at a fraction above 4d. per lb.! Iu fact, that
was the price 13-8. per cwt , at which it was exported from this
country, in consequence of the drawback or bounty, after having cost
425. per cwt. in the raw state, and lOs or 15s. per cwt. as the expense
of manufacture.—(Hear, hear.) In this way the people of this country
were actually paying between three and four millions sterling to keep up
the system of slavery, while they had paid 20,000,000/. to abolish it.
Mr. SCOBEL said that in respect to Hayti (or St. Domingo) it was
worth while to observe, that although the Government of this country
had recognised the independaisce of South America, yet it had never
recognised the independance of the Negro Republic, although it had
b-en independent upwards of thirty years. The reason of this was, that
the planters Led more power with the Government than the people of
England had.—(Hear, hear.) lis.t Le exi.ort, fie= ree .s .
Domingo had been as great as those to Jamaica; and it is quite clear
that if we could receive the produce of that island on equal terms with
that ofour own colonies, it would open a still wider field for our ex.
ports.—(Hear.)
Mr. BOLTRE Esupported the views of the la,t speaker; and
showed that the immediaie effect of doing away with the preference to
the slave labour, by the bounty system, would be to give employment to
those who were called the " white slaves" of England. (Hear, hear.)
Nothing could improve the condition of that part of our people
but giving them employment, whatever Poor-law or other expedient
might be tried—(Bear, hear)—and employment would immediately
follow if they could get the interest of the country set against‘the in-
terest of the planters; or in other words, if the interest if the country
ceased to be sacrificed to the interest of the slave owners, no more would
be heard of " whiteslaves."—(Applause.) .

Mr. BASS, of Bristol, and other delegates, spoke in support of the
same views.
Professor EDGAR, of Belfast, thought that the subject was not in-
telligible to the mass of the people in the form in which it had
hitherto been put to them. They did not perceive in what way
they were immediately concerned when millions ufpounds sterling or of
poundi weight were talked of. The subject ought to be set before
them in a way that would come home to every man of them. It should
be shown to every man how he pays towards the maintenance of slavery,
in the purchase of every pound of coffee and of sugar which he con-
sumes—(Hear)—and by this means, if people could not be made to feel
in their hearts, they would be made to feel in their pockets.—( A laugh.)
In reply to a question from Mr. Houghton of Dublin (who said that
he h-ad endeavoured in vain to press the subject upon the attention of
the Chamber of Commerce in Dublin), Mr. J. STURGE said that the way
in which the refiners of West India sugar were enabled to export from
this country, for 3Ss. per cwt. refined sugar, which in the raw state had
cost them 4•25., was, that the duty of 245., which they had paid per cwt.
upon the sugar when imported, was returned to them when they ex-
ported, in this way—they paid 245. upon 120 lbs.; they received as
drawback 245. for every 6Slbs. exported, on the pretence that the diffe-
rence of weight was expended in the process of refining; whereas, in
fact, the refined sugar was in the proportion of about 105 lbs. to 120 lbs
of the raw.
The CHAIRMAN said that he had been a long time in India, and he be-
lieved that Bengal alon ecould supply the whole of Europe with sugar,
and it might be shipped there, with a good profit to the grower, at one
penny per lb.—(heer.)
In answer to Mr. JOHNSTONE, Delegate from Wiltshire,
The CHAIRMAN said that there were slaves over all India, to the
amount of 200,000 or 300,000 ; but the greatest number were on the
Western or Malabar coast, in the provinces of Camara and Malabar.
But there was a great difference between those slaves and the slaves of
the West Indies. However, no sugar imported into Europe from
India was the production of slave labour.
Captain STEWART said that there were in India no slaves in the
sense in which slavery was understood in this country.—
(Hear.) There were in Bengal persons in a condition of bondage, which
was altogether voluntary, as they had mortgaged themselves for life, for
pecuniary or other considerations. Again on the Malabar Coast, in the
two provinces of Camara and 'Malabar, there were fifteen kinds of slaves
or bondsmen, of which five were hereditary, and ten were not heredit-
ary, but voluntary. - The five hereditary classes of bondsmen were as-
scribed to the soil, and were sold with the states, but they coule not be
removed and sold away from the estate. They were also protected by the
British laws,and he had been told by Mr. Blair, the brother of the Chairman
who was a magiitrate in India, that wherever the British authority existed
the slaves could leave their masters whenever they felt themselves ag-
grieved, as the Magistrates would not allow force to be used to compel
their return to bondage. But the agrarian bondsmen of Malabar were
not employed in the cultivation of sugar.
Mr. PEASE said that a great number of the West India proprietors
were removing their machinery to the East Indies, and amongst them
was Mr. Gladstone.—(Hear, hear.)
(HAearDelegate said that would be better than kidnapping Hill Coolies.—
ltmiloNr7B.srooNugiiitleariin read:_ the following letter which had besen received
fro
pia::tarn°t Lord
victoryß rou Brougham al
last
itl,ya,7dnignrtartualtast congratulates talr Delegates
n
o
steps upon the n
taken, and, above all, no notice of any further proceeding given before
the public meeting on Friday. Upon this, of doing nothing for the pre-
sent, what eov er m may it
he
-
sent, every thing depends, and whoever plays into the bands of the.
Government and the planters, by stirring at present, must be held ame-
nable for the certain defeat which must follow.
" 6, Belgrave-street,—Wednesday morning."
G. NV. ALEXANDER, Esq., had a resolution to propose, but as it was
one which would speak for itself, it was unnecessary for him to say
anything of its propriety. He would therefore t once move his reso-
lution.
The Rev. Dr. BUNTING seconded the motion.
Mr. BIGNOLD said there never was a more important or more inte
resting a crisis in their affairs than the present, even so much was the
necessity for increased exertions upon the part not only of
the dele-
gates and of their friends in the House of Commons, but also of the
whole people of England. All should now exercise their best
juds merit upon the measures which were now to be taken.
They had indeed now arrived at a crisis that required they
should be guided by that wisdom that floweth from above, which
is first pure, and then peaceful, and full of good works. He hoped all
would concur in the resolution, and that they would nat only act upon
it individually, but they would incoliette it in their respective circles.
JOSIAII Cosnria, Esq. was anxious that it should go forth to the
country how it was that they had so few voting upon their side on the
present occasion, in place of 217, as they had on a former occasion. He
believed it would admit of explanatioe.
Professor EDGAR said the Morefng Chronicle of that day affected to
look upon the result of the division as a nu re chance, but that meeting
would look at it in a very different way. He was much gratified to
find that the spirit of the meeting was to look at it as providential.
The Rev. Toomas SCALES was in the House during the debate, and
there was an evident wish on the part of their opponents to faree on
a division. It ought to he known to all their constituents that their
friends had acted in the roost fair and honeurabl a manner, anal that the
division was taken when Mr. Gladstone, Lord Juhh Russell, Sir R. Peel,
Lord Stanley, aril, in fact, the. leaders of all parties, were in their
places. They could have kept up the debate, had they pleased, or if
th,y thought it would have made them :dr, nger. Beside: the Members
in the division, they had the names of 54 pairs ; and no doubt tiler,
were many more who would yet be known. Ile had lo eked oyer the
lists of the division, and he found that twenty members had voted
iii
their favour, who did not vote at all in the previous division ; and that
15 had voted against them who had lint before voted; and he was sorry
to say, that amongst them there appeared the name of Benjamin Smith,
the new Member for Norwich, who was the son of one of their staunch-
est supporters.—(Shame, shame.) The time was peculiarly appropriate
fur their acknowledging their gratitude to God. It appeared to him that
their opponents were cowed—that they had yielded to a feeling which
they found it impossible to control, and which they felt they could not
resist.

W. G. ALEXANDER, Esq. was anxious that they should fairly know
their position. There could be no reason for doubting that their OPI3O-
- were all prepared last night. The planters had, no doubt, mus-
tered all their forces, and so had the Ministry ; they were not taken by
surprise, and therefore he considered it was a triumphant decision.
Backed as they were by the whole religious community, the resolution
carried last night was one which no Government could venture to
overturn. -
Mr. NV/0'3101;TH considered that the time was peculiarly fitting for
such a resolution as was then bane the tn...eting, inasmuch as tor t',-,e
whole fifteen years they had been struggling, that was the first time they
had ever had a majority determined that slavery sllould immediately
cease.
The first resolution (for which see Advertisement) was then carried
unanimously.
RICHARD ALLEN, Esq., of Dublin, said as he was obliged to leave the
meeting early, for the purpose of presenting to her Majesty the petition
of 77,1)00 of his countrymen, he would take that opportunity of con-
gratulating his fellow Delegates upon the proud position they had at east
attained to.- •
Mr. BIGNOLD then moved the second resolution. He read the cb
servations which fell from Lord Rolle last night in the Louie of Lords,
which was nceived with approbation, and said that all things seemed to
concur most favourably for them, and it appeared as if there was a
special Providence working in their favour.
Jos. SnuitcE, Esq , seconded the motion, and quite agreed in the re-
marks which ti,cl fallen from the last speaker. He wished to state to the
Delegates, that a day or two ago, Mr. Partridge and Mr. Marling the
Delegates from the constituents of Lord J. Russell and Mr. P. Scrope,
brought up a letter to these two gentlemen, signed by a majority of their
constituency. 1 bough I.ord J. Russell still opposed them, the result of
that letter was that Mr. Scrope no longer did so,
s mighta d therebe absent, were
andt) 0 v
every; ters
thing,in S , and even
consideringlr jrTHaL;lMNSvchNomsuttitll the docu-
ment alluded to was signed by no less ti an 635, and no doubt would
have been signed by many more had more time been allowed.
Mr. PARTRIDGE—Had we had more time it would have been signed by
at least 800, but they had only had two days in which to see the whole
constituency. He had seen Mr. Codrington, the Member for the
County, who told him that he hail formerly had some fears
for the conduct of some slaves that he had manumitted,
but he was most happy to find that by late advice, the negroes were
working well, were comfortable and happy, and that alt Nether the ex-
periment had been most satisfactory.
The Rev. Mr. GILBERT congratulated the delegates upon
having obtained, at all events, a victory—(hear)—and it was
one so great that it must ultimately, and he honed sp, edily,
lead to a triumph, for he would not believe that there was any power in
ecuntry, who after the House of Commons had declared in

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAY 23, 1838

We received last night, by express from Bristol, New York
journals, from the Ist to the 7th instant, inclusive, together
with files of Quebec and Montreal papers of the 4th, and
Charleston papers of the Ist inst., by the Great Western
Steam-ship, which sailed from New York at half-past two
o'clock on the 7th inst., and arrived safely at Bristol at ten
minutes bef re eleven o'clock yesterday morning—thus corn.
pleting the voyage betwean the Old and the New World
In the incredibly short space of fourteen days 1 Wonderful
as this appears, the d:stance, as regards time, between London
and New York is capable of still further abridgment. Had
the Bristol and Exeter, and the Great Western Railways
been completed, and the Packet-station now forming at Up-
hill, 3D miles, by water, below Bristol, been finished, the Great
Wester,: would have arrived there by six, or half-past six
o'Clock yesterday morning, and her mails and passengers
would have reached London by eleven o'Clock the same day
—thus effecting a saving in time of twelve hours more
Our Correspondent at Bristol is even more sanguine
upon this point. He calculates the saving in time
at nineteen hours, by which the distance between London and
New :York would be reduced to thirteen days! A mighty
victory has been achieved, and to the honour of Captains Hos-
ars and RonErars be it ever spoken, in a manner that reflects
the highest credit upon the national character of Old England.
Proud, as we justly are, of the success that has attended an
expedition which only a great nation could produce citizens
capable of originating, we are swill prouder of the dis-
tinguished manner in which it has been conducted. Cap-
tains HosaiN and ROBERTS have not merely solved
problem of the utmost consequence in a commer-
cial aal moral paint of slaw ; they have, by their
c.iurteoos deportment, their urbane manners, and their un-
bounded solicitude to gratify the curiosity of all observers,
from the most distinguished to the mast obscure, inflamed the
Americans of all classes with an ai-deut desire to cultivate a
more cordial intimacy with Greet Britain. This is a service
done ta the nAtion, and should b.) suit ibly acknowledged by
its Goverrunent. The Minister who would recommend these
gentlemen to our gracious SOVEREIGN as worthy of the honour
of Knighthood, mould thereby evince a high appreciation of me-
rit more exalted than usually suffices for a claim to such a
distinction on the part of the great bulk of military and naval
officers.

We might expatiate to any length upon subjects so mo-
mentous as those which warm the imagination while contem-
-plating the success of this ,great expedition ; and we are not
certain that we should not be tempted to dwell upon them as
long as might be agreeable to the most enthusiastic of our
readers, did IA e not meet Ns ith an embodiment of our thoughts
in an Address delivered in the name of the American Insti-
tute, by a delegation of that body to Captain Ilesius, on
board the Great Western, on tb. 4th inst. The deputation
was beaded by General DUDLEY MARVIN, who read the fol-
lowing beautiful Addra3 in the bearing of the assembled
ship's company-and some thousands of delighted auditors :

" We thank you, Sir, for this favoured opportunity of tendering
you our congratulations on this auspicious triumph of the arts, of which
you have bean made the favoured instrument. We feel, that while we
stand on American ground, you stand no less on British ground.
Meetin:; you on this majestic ship, the first constructed with a view
to the introduction of a regular steam communication between the two
countries, and in contemplation of the glorious success with which
this great enterprise has b7en crowned, the distance which Iras
hitherto separated us seems stricken from the map.
" As Americans we had looked with astonishment for years upon the
magic etfect of steam communication, upon our country and its institu-
tions. The current of cur mighty rivers has been rendered powerless
against the force of steam, directed and eontrol!ed by the combined
eflbrts of science and art. Our lakes had been made to shake hands
with the ocean, distant communities have been brought into neigh-
bourhood; at the same time our cars had become with the no less pow-
erful workings of this mighty agent, in our father land. But we were
unprepared last and greatest triumph. With all the enterprise that has
characterised the people of the United States, the capital and skill of
our friends in England has enabled you to take us by surprise. What
has hitherto been accomplished as neighbouring States, has been now
applied to nations. No longer separate, they seem placed side by side.
" We live in an auspicious era. From the mighty agent, steam, com-
merce is to receive a new impulse. Nations, unknown to each other,
are to form attachm,nts. National friendships will be fostered and
strengthened in proportion to their increa,,ed proximity.
" I will not assume to speak of the mighty effect which strata is des-
tined to produce upon the commercial and moral character of the world.

The history of the past admonishes us that our imaginations can hardly
anti •

This is so well conceived, that ity comment upon it woutu
only tend to weaken its general, and at the same time just,
true, and beautiful effect. The mighty Atlantic has been re-
duced to the dimensions of a great Lake ; the New World is
placed side by side with the Old, to profit by her experience,
to share in her sympathies, to participate in her recollections,
and to acquire her cultivated tastes and refined feelings, with-
out the drawback of institutions the legacy of ages of oppres-
sive barbarism. • We, too, %yin be gainers to an equal extent.
We will have, as it were, recovered all the territory we once
lost in America, peopled with a race identified in language,
in religion, in general habits, in pursuits, and more than all,
in blood, with ourselves. The United States will seem to ❑s
only an extension of Great Britain—an interesting, but still
homely region for the future explorations of Summer touriAs.
A common language requires only facility of intercourse to
beget common feelings, sympathies, and attachmeLts. To
this sentiment the ladies of New York have responded in the
folowing tribute to the officers and crew of the Great Western,
which we copy from the Morning Courier and Inquirer of the
7th instant :

The laiies of New York tender their grateful acknowledgments to
the officers and crew of the Great Western, for their gallant and li-
beral hospitality. That they may glide gently upon the ocean of
time, their bark richly laden with honours and happiness, and at last an-
chor inLthat haven where all around is peace and joy, is the sincere wish
and fervent prayer of THE LADIES.

The news from the United States, brought by these Journals
is very favourable, with the exception of an account
of conflagrations at Charleston and Mobile, which will be
found with the commercial intelligence in another part of
The San. Immediately a'ter the fire at Charleston, the
Mayor and citizens assembled, and solemnly appointed the 3rd
inst. a day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer, in order to
avert the Divine displeasure from the inhabitants of that city.
We have been much edified by the truly Christian spirit which
pervades the resolutions adopted by the citizens on this occa-
sion ; and we have only to regret that in the moment of their
humiliation there is none to suggest to them that the most ac-
ceptable sacrifice they could make to Goo would be to abolish
their unholy traffic in beings upon whom he has stamped his
image—to put an end for ever to the iniquitous and accursed
slavery system throughout their State. The curses of the
oppressed African have made their city desolate.

The la•.est news from the Caradas will be found among- our
extracts from the Journals.

We heartily congratulate the friends of humanity on the
glorious victory which has crowned their hopes, and rewarded
their exertions. The claims of eternal justice have at lest pre-
vailed, and the Commons of England have now deliberately
and solemnly recorded the ineffaceable resolution, " that it is
their opinion thAt Negro Apprenticeship in the British Colo-
nies should immediately cease and determine." Is there a
man with a spark of humanity in his bosom whose heart does
not thrill with joy, when he contemplates the blessings which
ill result to the Negro race from this decision ?

We shall no doubt be told that thers is a great dif-
fer.:nce between a resolution of the House of Commons
and an Act of Parliament, and reminded that Lord
JOHN RUSSELL has announced the determination of the
Government to resist any measure that may be founded
on the resolution of last night. Of all this we are
perfectly aware ; but nevertheless we defy all the power of all
the Governments on earth to prevent the resolution of the
House of Commons ft orn being virtually carried into
effect. What, we beg to ask the nice estimators of
Parliamentary dynamics, what must be the state of
feeling produced upon the minds of the whole negro
population of the West Eriics, when they learn,
as sopn they will, that they have got their freedom by a vote
of the House of Commons ? Will Cloy sit down quietly to
discuss the abstract merits of the vote? Will they be per-
suaded to postpone their exultation until they hare been taught
the true theory of the British Constitution ? No, the decision
of the House of Commons will be regarded by them
as omnipotent, will be received with one universal
swell of triumph ; and woe to those who shall disap-
point the hope thus excited—who shall venture to come
between them, and that perfect liberty, with the shadow of
which they Lave been so long mocked, but which has now in
reality—as they must view the matter—been conferred upon
them.

The debate of last night does not afford much matter for
comment. On a subject so often discussed, it is impossible to
advance anything new. All that can be expected in such a case
is, that former arguments may be put in a stronger light. To this
praise we think the debate of last night may fairly lay claim.
The speech of Sir EARDLEY WILMOT, the 1110,/,_'r, was a goad
one ; those of Mr. C. P. VILLIERS, the seconder of the mo-
tion, and of Mr. E. L. BttLwEtt, were particularly admirable.
Those Hon. Members swept away, without mercy, the cob-
webs with which the enemies of Negro Emancipation have at-
tempted to surround the question, and presented it to the House in
its proper "form and pressure." Mr. B ULwRR's address is perhaps
the best—certainly the most eloquent, that has been delivered
on this subject this session.

With respect to Lord J. RUSSELL'S attempt to pour cold
cold water on the hopes of the mancipationiFts, we can
only say that we value it at what it is worth—that is
to say, just nothing at all. It may be very well for
the Noble Lord to put in this caveat on the part of the
Government, but its sincerity will hardly be believed,
until a satisfactory reason has been assigned for the practical
acquiescence of Ministers in the vote of last night. Can the
West India planters, or any other men not altogether bereft of
their senses, believe for one moment that if the Government
had wished bona fide to oppose the immediate eman-
cipation of the negroes, they could not have mustered more
than ninety-three Members—not quite a seventh of the whole
number—on a question of (suppoed) vital importance? The
suppc,.sition is the very acme of absurdity. The real truth
is, that the Government found themselves in a very unpleasant
dilemma,from which theythou7ht theycould extricate themselves
in no other way than by winking at the absence of their usual
supporters. The Gloucester election has gone far, we believe,
to open their minis to the unpopularity and impolicy of the
course which they have hitlicrto pursued on this exciting
question, and they cannot afford many such practical demon-
strations of its consequences. Nor indeed is it much to be
wondered at, if their friends shrink from so severe a test of
their friendship as that to which the Hon. Mr. BERKELEY has
been subjected.

We understand the delegates are row sitting; aid have re-
solved to adopt no further proceedings until after the great
meeting to be held at Exeter Hall on Friday. We think this
a highly prudent determination.

The debale on Sir EARDLEY WILMOT'S motion terminated
last night rather unexpectedly. Lord STANLEY has not yet
spoken in defence of his apprenticeship law, and it was confi-
dently supposed that he would have taken the opportunity
of Sir EARDLEY'S motion to have addressed the House at
length ; but his Lordship has probably learnt some wis-
dom cn fne subject, and shrunk from defending his
own scheme. Mr. GLADSTONE, too, was severely hit by
Mr. But.wEa, and wanted either the readiness or the
spirit to reply. The abolitionist wisely took advantage of
Mr. GLADSTONE'S tardiness, and Lord STANLEY'S appre-
hension, and obtained a majority on the division. Many mem-
bers were at the moment absent who would undoubtedly have
been present, had they foreseen that the House was to
divide at nine o'clock. It can hardly, for example,
be expected that the gentlemen absent, connected
with the Government of whom the Post this morn-
ing gives a list, and who must know that the Ministers
conidcr the question important. 'would not have been present
had they anticipated the division at so early an hour. The
victory, however, is extremely gratifying to the friends of the
Negroes, however obtained ; and if wisely and temperately
followed up, must be of incalculable advantage to their cause.

The West India Planters have at the present moment a
glorious opportunity of raising themselves in public estimation.
They might render a service which would cost them nothing,
and which can be performed by them alone. While they
withhold their consent, the Government will resist the aboli-
tion of the apprenticeship system, and we fear will resist it
successfully. Why, therefore, keep the country in a state of
agitation, disappoint the excited hopes of the negroes, and
give some foundatio❑ to the charge that the slave-holders
cling to the system not for the sake of gain, but for the grati-
fication of some of the worst passions that animate the tyrant's
breast ? We know from various channels that all the dispas-
sionate and sober-thinking of that class admitted at the time
that the grant of twenty millions far exceeded their expecta-
tions—that at present they feel great satisfaction at the change,
and ar. convinced that no profits would have accrued from
slave labour at all proportioned to the compensation so gene-
rously made by the unanimous voice of the British nation. They
would lose nothing by shortening the period of apprenticeship
by eighteen months. Wherever emancipation has taken place,
the change has been as much for the benefit of the master as
of the slave. The Marquis of SLIGO has borne testimony to
the fact. Lord ROLLE, who to his immortal honour voluntarily
emancipated the numerous slaves on the estates left by his
father, confirmed it from his own experience ; and might well
feel satisfaction in stating that they were not only contented
and industrious, but able to support themselves. It cannot be
denied that the slaves, since the passing of the Act, have con-
ducted themselves with great moderation, and that this circum-
stance alone has raised the value of property in all our West India
possessions. It is not, therefore, asking too much of the planters

to mate rr,t,ty,,, for the tr,mern:itv n^nnl

S

1

~~

:G

• . . .
Lion. We be...ievc, alter ai, at wGuld oal .to c, nominal sacii-
tic-e; but it would be productive of great end honcer,ble rc-
sults—it would close the long-protracted c:ntest amicably
and the planters would have the honour and the satisfaction
of having performed the last act in one of the most glorious
sacrifices ever made in the cause of justice and mercy.

. _ .
Our Contemporaries and the public here se ‘rn hardly al;ve
the importanc:, of the experiment of which the return of the
Great Western to Bristol is the cmpletion. Not so, I'3"e
ver, the citizens of New York, tvlro rightly appreciating the
immense influence which thus connecting Eui•one and America,
as it were by floating bridges—bringing them nearer to each
other than are the parts of civilized Europe—will have over
their own fate and curs, welcomed the arrival of the steam .ship'
and commemorated her departure like a great epoch in the his-
tory of civilization. The following passage, which deserves
a prominent place in our Journal, will remind the reader, we
think, of the first voyage of COLUNIBUS, or the first setting out
of the Crusaders, and will be to our posterity what those great
events arc to us, themes of universal interests, and fixed
points of commemoration in the progress of mankind
DEPARTURE OF TUE Sialus.—Yesterday, says the N.Y. Star, of the
2d, was another memorable day for steam:ships. The Sirius, whi"
with her noble companion, the Great Western, have been the Objects
of a continued jubilee for all our city since the day of their arrival, took
her departure yesterday amidst the hearty and prolonged cheers of seve-
ral thousands of our most respectable citizens (among whom the ladit.!
shone conspicuous), gathered on the battery to sea this second expert-.
ment in oceanic navigation by steam. A more lovely, mild, and bright
day never dawned on our city, and the spectacle was one of gladness and
t
beauty ; the avenues, and terrace, and green lawns of the dia'terYi alid
the ramparts of the Castle filled with voiding faces, gay bonnets stream:
ed
ing in the breeze, moving groups of, well-dressed citizens, all t:e ight
at the opportunity to give a far.,well benediction to Lieutenant Roberts_
foil
and his r ailant crew. 'She Sirius was off a few liu:idred yards in
view of all, and proudly decorated the bay that day, as she w.rs the
lion of all the craft that floated on it. At 1, P.M., sire got under way'
and, making a circuit, proceeded down on her course to sea, firing 3
salute as she left, in answer to the reiterated cheers from shore. She
appeared rather deep frorn the 400 tens of coal on board. She Bas
about forty-five passengers. When the Sirius passed Goverires
a national salute of 13 guns was fired from Castle Williams. Mail
'
of
the boat cubs were out in the bay. The steam ferry boat took of car,i
Hoskins of the Great Western, the British Consul, and others who had
gone on board to take leave; and the Hercules steamboat, which ba,,
towed out Si. James, as well as every craft clown the harbour an".
Narrows, cheered the noble stranger as she passed on to Iler destine°,
element. Seldom has our port seen such a water pageant as yesterdaY:

Adc:ccs from Munich of tiii;lsth, Vienna of the 12th, anu
and Rome of the sth inst, have reached us this morning, but
they urine ao news of the least interest.

The Paris Journals of Monday are filled with accounts of
the preparations making for the-interment of Prince TALLEY'
RAND. We have not space for their.inserthn in our coluows

of to-day.
The shock of an earthquake was felt twice at Genoa, °I"
the sth instant.
We have no news of the slightest political interest from SPain.
