ADMIRALTY SESSIONS-(TIIIS DAY.)

These Sessions were held this morning at the Old
Bailey before Sir CHILISTOCIIER ROBINSON, Judge of the
High Court of Admiralty, and a full Bench of Civilians.
The Commiasion having been read by the Clerk of the
Court,
Sir C. RosiNsont addressed the Jury nt considerable
length. The Learned Judge sail that formerly offencem
which came under the jut indiction of this Court were of
more frequent occurrence than at the present day. The
Sessions used to be held twice a year, hut now it ►ad been
twelve months since they had assembled for the trill of
offences committed on the high seas; end when so
long a time had dapsed, it was a subject of congratulation
that time calendar contained so small a number of pri-
soners. There were, however, two capital charges that
would require the most patient investigation. The first
was against several individuals for piratic illy seizing a
convict ship hound for Botany Bay, and carrying her to
the coast of China. He (Sir Christopher Robinson) was
happy however to observe from the depositions, this al.
leged outrage had not been attended with any sanguinary
acts of cruelty.
The other charge of a capital nature arose out of the
statutes that had been passed within the last twenty years
for the abolition of slavery. One of those statutes made
it an offence of the highest magnitude, for a British born
subject to traffic in human blood. In this cave therefore
it would he necessary for the Jury to ascertain that
the ►ndiv►duals against whom the charge was made
were British subjects, for if they were not, they could not
be made amenable to the laws of this country, and this
Court, consequently, bad no jurisdiction. There were
several cases of misdemeanours that would come before
them ; one or two of which were charges against com-
manders of vends for inflicting corporeal punishment upon
some of their crew. Ile wisl►ed to allude more particu-
larly to these cases, as a great deal of late had been said
on the subject, and much misrepresentation had gone
abroad. It had been doubtA whether or net the laws
authorized the commanders of merchant-vessels to inflict
corporeal punishmen►, and some hid gone so far
as to deny that they were invested with such a power,
but he could say that this Court, and also the Courts
of Westminster-hall, did hold, and always had held that
such a power existed; and if it was otherwise, what secu-
rity would there be for the commerce of the country—
what would be the consequence if a commander of a trading
vessel was not vested with a power to punish insubordina-
tion ? Although it should also be known, that if mane-
cease' y, or more than salutary punishment, was inflicted,
then the parties would be held responsible for their con-
duct in either a civil or criminal Court. After a few other
remarks the Grand Jury retired to their room.

IRELAND.

METROPOLITAN ORPHAN SOCIETY DINNER,

DUBLIN.

(Abridged from the Dublin Morni►►g Post of Friday last.)
Upwards of two hundred gentlemen sat down to the
dinner which was held at Morrison's. The gallery was
filled with fashionably-dresses) ladies—the cloth was re-
moved—the Chair was filled by Mr. O'Connell.
Mr. O'CONNELL rose, and said he regretted very much
that some one else, more competent than he could then
possibly be, did not fill the situation which he occupied.
After the meeting at Audeon's, during the day, he could
not but fed lassitude—(Heer, hear)—howe‘er, he would
endeavour to discharge the duty assigned to him to the hest
of his ability—(Hear, hear.)—lt was now a fortnight
since he left Kerry ; since that time lie attended nine pub-
lic dinners and three public meetings, and the universal
opinion of the people was loudly proclaimed in favour of
a repeal of the Union.—(Cheers.)—lt was now certain
that the hope of Ireland never was so strong to have that
most odious measure done away with. Catholic, Protestant,
Dissenter, and Quaker, forgot their prejudices and dissen-
sions, and joined together to regenerate their country.—
(Cheers.)—The hope of Ireland's worst enemies, re-
ligious dissension, was already almost binished from the
country.—( Cheers.)—He hoped that, in forty years hence,
the men of Ireland who participated in her struggles for a
repeal of the Union, would he also able to speak with ho •
nest pride of the glories of these days of her regeneration.
—(Loud cheers.)—Mr. O'Connell repeated a went many
arguments in favour of the repeal of the Union which he
adduced at the dinners on Monday and Tuesday. The
contract with England, which took away the Irish Par-
liament, was unfair—just such a one as a keeper of a luna-
tic asylum wined make with a poor lunatic in a straight
witirtcnat—and nothing would more strongly show that
we all deserved to he chained up in a mad-house than to
consent to that contract by our apathy, now that we are
able to recall it,. Mr. O'Connell, after a speech, gave
" The repeal of the Union."
The toast was received with the most deafening► shouts,
which were re-echoed by the crowds outside, in Dawson-
street and Nassau-street.

of hielgritOill'iCatoomilawxwLer.r.n"exlt,hgeavwe
o":lo'illiees%orpil:t,octhreactyru, esasoiduirlte'e
of which Lord Wilton is a Member, are beginning to per.'
ceive that that Government was for the good of the people.
—(Hear.)—The great Jeremy Bentham was his toaster'
and that great man said that laws were made for the hap.
pinesa of the many, and not for the gain of the few.—
(Hear.)—Mr. O'Connell then spoke nn tke present de-
fective system of the law; but a bitter day was coining
for Ireland, and one of the principal objects he had in the
repeal of the Union was, that the poor man might have
law, pure, cheap, and expeditious.
Mr. O'CostuELL next called for a high bumper. He
would give " The health of the King"—(Loud cheers.)_..
He was a worthy, straight-forward, patriotic man—and
had with him what few Sovereigns on the British throne
before him ever possessed, the genuine lore of the people.
--(Loud cheas.)--Hia brother said that "power was
given in trust for the gond of the people." William the
Fourth does not say it is so—but makes it so..—(This
toast was drank with unbounded enthusiasm.)
Mr. O'CoNstem. gave " The Metropolitan Orphan So.
ciety." He eulogised the charitable disposition of the
people of Dublin; there was no place three times the size
of Dublin, or containing three times its population,which
supported any thing like its charitable. institutions..
(Cheers. )—He bad infinite pleasure in being enabled to
inform them that since the passing of the Relief Bill this
charity was increasing—Protestant and Catholic equally
subscribed—and five additional poor children were enabled
to he provided for.--(Lowl cheering.)—lt gave him great
gratification to have it in his power to state this, and he
was sure it was equ illy pleasing to all who heard it......
( Hear.)—lt was one of the signs of the times, and the
orphan's prayer was offered up for Catholic and Pro-
testant alike, and the blessings of Heaven invoked for
the orphan's friend.—(Loud cheers.)--Mr. O'Connell
then gave—
" The Metropolitan Orphan Society, and the health of
the Rev. Mr. Doyle."
The Rev. Mr. Doves, in a very eloquent speech, re-
turned thanks, and eulogised the merits of Mr. O'Connell
in public and private life. " The orphan," sail he,
" will never want a father, religion a bright example, and
his cluntry a friend, whilst it pleased God to spare the
life of Daniel O'Connell."—(Tremendous cheers.)—The
Rev. Gentleman then gave—" The health of Daniel
O'Connell."
Mr. O'Cotnatt returned thanks. He felt what he
could not express. They said false who said that patriots
had no real happiness; for what of the favours, or
places, or pensions of the Duke, would he exchange his
present proud situation, or what could recompense him
for the loss of that honest pride and enthusiasm which
then glowed in his bosom ?--(Loud cheers.)
The company separated after eleven o'clock.

DOLBY'S COOK'S DICTIONA
great success of this work has enabled the author to " win
golden opinions from all kinds of men ;" and it is owing
to the universal celebrity roamed on bins by the cud.
lence of his culinary code that an application was lately
made at the Thatched House Tavern for the superinten•-
.lence of Mr. Dol.sv on the approaching grand dinner to
he given to the Ktwu and QuErt,r.
The KING will return to town to-day, and on
Thursday next (as at present arranged) their MAJesrlits
will visit Drury lane theatre. A list of plays and farces,
as now performing, have been at at to the Lotd Chamber-
tain's office, for the purpose of being laid before his MA-
JESTY ; but hitherto no positive g. commands" have hem
returned. On the following Thursday their Mammas
(it is believed) will visit Covent garden theatre.
_ _

'We rejoice to hear that the British Museum
is in treaty for the drawings of the late laria:dent. The
Royal Academy has most liberally offered to contribute
2,000/. towards the purchase. MIN SoAN7, With It mu-
nificence truly worthy of his own liberality and distin-
guished patronage of art, bee also proffered 1,000/. The
remaining sum is to he raised by public subscription.
Lord CHEST ER Fl ELp made a present of his
Lady's fortune, 4,,000/>, to her younger sister, who is to
be married to Colonel Asisoti.

It is said that a first floor of one of the houses
on Ludgate•hill his been let for the trifling eum of one
hundred and tieventy•five pound*, to view the Royal anal
Civic rfintesloll3 OCI the 9th of Noroubtr.

MEETING OF THE NEW PARLIAMENT,

As many of our readers may be anxious to know
the course which will be adopted at the opening of
the new Parliament, which meets toxmorrow, we
subjoin a brief account of what took place on the
opening of the last Parliament, which met in
November, 1826
On Tuesday,the (levee in the morn-
ing, a considerable number of Members assembled
in the Long where the bird Steward was
in attendance and adMinistered the rats to them.
Ilia Lordship then authorised his Depntr, and also
a Commission Consisting of several Members. to ad,
minister the Oaths to ethers as 64 came; At thiee
o'clock those Members who were sworn entered the
House, from which they were soon after summoned
by the Deputy Usher of the Black Rod to the
House of Peers, to hear the commission for
opening the Parliament read. On their arrival at the
bar of the !louse of Peers, the Lord Chancellor informed
both Houses that his Akjesty not finding It etturrnient to
attend, had directed a Commission to be issued tinder 1.11,
Great Seal, to certain Lords Spiritual and Temporal
therein named, to open it in his name, The Commission
was then read—after which

The LORD CHANCELLOR. addressing the Members of the
Howe of Commons, informed them, that it was his Ma-
jeaty's wish that they should proceed forthwith to their
own Ronne to beet a Speaker, whom they were to present
at the Bic on the following dly at two o'clock, for the ap-
proval of the House, adding, that after their choice should
have been approved, his Majesty would be• graciously
pleased to inform Parliament of the business 14 which
they had been called together.
The Commons then retired to their House, where Mr.
Ley, the senior clerk, took his place at the table.
Mr. STURGES BOURNE then rose ate!, addressing Mr.
Ley by name, moved that Mr. Charles Manners Sutton be
elected Speaker.
Mr. BERKELEY PORIAN seconded the motion, which
was put and carried unaikinsously.
The Mover and Seconder then handed the Speaker elect
to the Chair, where be briefly exprestrd his acknowledge-
meats for this mark of the confidence of the House.
One or two Members then offered their congratulations,
after which the House adjourned.
At two o'clock the following day the Speaker elect ac•
companied by several Members, attended at the bar of the
house of Peers, where he informed the Lord Chancellor
of his election.

The Lour) CnANCELLOR then signified the assent of the
Crown to the election, after which, the Speaker in the
usual form, craved libtrty of speech and the other privi-
leges for liimsel" and the other Members of the Commons.
On the return of the Speaker to the House, he informed
them that his Majesty had been pleased to approve their
choice of him, and having again returned his acknowledge-
ments fur the honour conferred on him, he stated that it
was now his duty to take the oaths. The oaths were
then administered to him standing, on the s'tp of his
chair, which form being gone through, tl e oaths were
next administered to all the Members in the Hume. The
House then adjourned.
The House met on the rem ining days of the week and
on the following Monday, hut went through no other
bus,ness but that of swearing in Members. It adjourned
each day at low o'clock. On Tuesday, the 21st, the
Commons were summoned to the llonso of Peers to hear
the Royal Speech. On hie return the Speaker merely in-
formed the House that he had been in the House of Peers,
but made no mention at that time of the Itnyal Speech.
The usual Sessional orders were then moved and -agreed
to, and the grand Committees—of Religion—of Justice—
of Privileges, and of Trade. were appointed. At five
o'clock the Speaker informed the House that he had been
in the House of Piers, and heard his Majesty's Speech,
"of which, to prevent mistakes," he had procured a
copy. The Royal Speech was then read, and the Ad •
dress was moved and seconded in the usual way.
It is probable that the same t oorse will be pursued on
the present occasion, and that his Majesty (who will open
Parliament in per-on) will not go down to the House be-
fore Tuesday week, the 2d of November. A report 11,8
been circulated within these two days that is intended to
propose a Speaker in opposition to Mr. %opera Sutton,
but we have not been able to trace it to any good authority,
and we think it extremely improbable.

Within the last few weeks a nutobtr of workmen have
!teen employed in improving the" appearance of both
Houses—in painting and whitening the pasiages to them.
The accommodation..to the reporters has been increa-ed by
the addition of boards at each end of the seat, which they
occupy in the House of Commons, to prevent the pressure
of strangers at the side doors, from which much inconve-
nience was often felt. In the reporters' room, adjoin-
ing the gallery, other additions have been made to their
accommodation, which evince the dispositien of the
chief officers of the House to do every thing in
their power to diminish the difficulties which still re-
main to those who attend from the Daily Press. Thanks
to the liberality of Mr. Manners Sutton and his predeces-
sor in the Chair, and of those-who acted under them,
many of the worst difficulties which the Press had to con-
tend with in the House have been removed. Let us hope
that those which still exist will not be of long duration.—
Amongst these we may mention that which the reporters
feel from the interruptions created by the strangers sitting
in front of them. This would be remedied by giving them
the front seat, to which a passage might be easily made
from the end of each of the side galleries ; or, if the clock
were removed from the end of one gaiety, the advantage
of seeing and hearing would be incalculable, and the im-
provement in the general character of the reports, in many
important points, would correspond. To those who eon-
sitter the great importance of the publicity of the debates
to the country, such au arrangement will not be thought
any great sacrifice.

REPEAL OF TIIE UNION.—Mr. O'CoN.
WELL has been entertained in nearly all the principal
towns of the South of Ireland, and every where his
favourite scheme of the Repeal of the Union has been moat
enthusiastically received.--Newry Examiner.
REMOVAL. OF ARMS FROM LIMERICK...-
The magazine of arms in Limerick was conveyed to the
Custom-house on Wednesday morning, in a number of
artillery waggons and carts, escorted by a guard of the
74th Regiment, and shipped on board the Friends if
Weymouth, for the depot at Haulbowline, Cork. The
consignment comprises 8,000 stand of fire arms, mus-
ketry, carbines, and bayonets, which are made up in
timber boxes, :2‘ stand in each, seven pieces of heavy ord-
nance. Three of his Majesty's revenue cruisers have ar-
rived in port to convey the above vessel round to Cork.--.
There are no large guns now in garrison but those
attached to the artillery stationed here.—Dublin Morning
Register.

Yesterday Prince ESTERIIAZY gave a grand
dinner at Chemins-house to won of his M4j.•ety's Ministers
and their Lithe•, Prince TALI.EvRAND, and the Foreign
AtnhaNeadore and their Ladies.

TILE NEW Bis Har.---The proposed ap-
pointment of Dr. Ptimeorrs to the See of Exeter has ex•
cited general indignation.— Western Times.
It is not generally known that, by tire New
Beer Act, grocers are precluded from taking out licenses
for selling beer by retail. Upwards of forty individuals
in the above predicament, who have obtained licenses in
Plymouth and Devonport, have, in consequence, forfeited
their license money.
It is said the Duchess tic BERRI is nego-
ciating for a mansion in London, where she means to re-
side during the winter, with her young son. It is said
the Duchess carne to town incog, some days ago, and is
now residing with the Neapolitan Ambassador, in Glou-
custer.place.
Extract from Captain CARTWRIuHT•
SJour-
nal of Transactions and Events on the Coast of Labrador,
the Sixth Voyage, published in the year 179 g
r—
" Prince WILLIAM HICIIItY was here this summer, (St.
John's Harbour,
Newfoundland, October, 1786) and by
his affability and politeness gained the affections of all
ranks of people. But his conduct en a particular occa-
sion, being such as must reflect a lasting honour on the
character of hia Royal Highness, I must give it a place in
my journal, In order that I may occasionally refresh my
memory with 4 transaction which I should be sorry to for-
man whose public conduct,
get. The Judge of the Admiralty, Justice GILL, (a
in no one instance that ever
came to my knowledge, did credit to his public character)
bad, by means of his Deputy, made a very illegal seizure
of the property of a poor boat-keeper,
in an adjacent liar-
boor. This son of poverty was incapable of obtaining re-
dress by any other means than by bringing his ceoss to a
hearing in the Court of Admiralty, where Gua himself
presided ; hut he was too illiterate to plead for himself,
nor was counsel to be had. Ilia Royal Highness, there.
fore, most readily and nobly stepped lbrward, undertook
to he Iris advocate, and actually pleaded his cause; and
that in so forcible a manner, painting in the strongest
colours the infamous and illegal proceedings of the prioci*
pal and his deputy, that Gut condemned the latter ill fell
damages and costs of suit. Thus, by a princely and
noble benevolence, an honest awl much-injured man WM
SAM! [I'M taco' ruin."

MONEY MARKET.

(i'voin the tines.)

The Funds looked well this (Saturday) morning, at
the coininencenrent of business, when the price of Controls
was 84i for the account., hot they feat firmness after.
Wards, and itt the close of the Market the quotation was
81 buyers. Some rdther extensive salts have fatten place
in the course of the day, Nit the transactions have been
confined to few hands, and on the fart of the ',filth.?
Oarcerk any buitinees bra been entered into. T)ie decline
le Co be ascribed, that chute, mote to the internal action of
the mat ket thin to tiny other Cause; lint it is riot easy to
determine by what motives the saki were ;011ie/alit. The
only tapAiAe point adverted to (fur the acconnts both
from trance. and Il Iginut are held at the Steck ENchangr
to be more favourablO Wiia the increased caiportation of
• bullion, particularly. gold, (Mich has of late taken place,
and whiCh has now reached an extent threatening, in the
apprehengierf of truidy peraans, serious eonarqtfentee: Per-
haps this a'arm grrrlio the More suddenly, into
im-
portance front our obtaining, Itt flk eery heart of the city,
ocular demonstration of what is going tits Almost every
day in the present week some of the Dover coat, hare
hetet InPing at the door of the bullion-office in the
Batik, anti it i 4 said t 6 hate been ascertained, by an appli-
cation for the purehaie strinc., that no bar-gold remaier
in the Bank, aril that the (thine d, utait
.th,re cualiste of
suvctrigns alone. The demand far gold ia litrther affirmed
not to be fur the Continent merely, but that large OHM pre
sending to Ireland ion. In conargoence of this aubject
having been discussed to-day en the Exchange, we have
made some endeavours to ascertain alto true slate of the
ca-c. Thete would he no difficulty in derdlrrx with the
question If we had any clue to the actual amount of gold
in the Rink, butt in this, owing to the system of secrecy
adopted, there is en little certainty, that we have met
with one account stating that there ate In the bullion
(Ace ll,(100,0110/. in twereigna, and atith inother that
the stock is not More than 0,000,000/. of 7,000,000/.
Much depends, boll:tier, en the canoe kr whieN the gold
is required, and as the supply for France and the Conti-
nent is called for by the state of credit, rather than from
any advantage, commercially speaking, to be derived from
transmitting it, at bile that for Ireland enrings from the
mere apprehension of a run upon the banks of that coun-
try, it follows that the use for It most be hut temperrty
and that the greater pnrtion of it will etteelily find ire way
back again. Probably, and such is the opinion eft mnny
practical inn, an abstraction for the time of 2,000,060/.
or 8,000,000/. in gold would answer all the purposes it.
quired, nodal the purchase of it must take a correspond-
ing amount of bank-notes out of circulation, the better
conclusion seems to be, that there is not at present ground
for any alarm on the subject. It is easy to see that the
feverish state of the money market will cause, for some
time to come, no want of tapirs of apprehension, whether
real or inta2inary.
The transactions in the Foreign Funds have been quite
unimportant to-day, and scarcely any &intuition Las oc-
curred. The quotations for the allot part are nominal ones.
Cortes funds are inclined to droop, as the disposition is
to give credit to the account of the defeatof Veldts, though
the statements are so contradictory as to leave 601 some
grounds for hope to the friends of the constitutional cause.
We learn that the statement which appeared a few days
back, implying that due home of Thomas Kinnear and
Co., of London, had speculated in the funds, or sustained
losses, is wholly without foundation.
