P:"17;-', 75-r4-33=
FItEN C II PA I'

.:;,17

INsinutF,crioN iN

PART!, FEB. 11.— The Moniteur contains the
allowing details :

" The Cadiz Journal of tie 2-.• th January con-
tains two Proclamations, the first exp►tessitig to the
Troops and to the City the tiratit tide of the King
tor their good conduct ; and the second addressed
by Gf-n. Frcyre to his Ait my.

" Letters from Cdiliz of the 25.1: give the
dctail4, respecting the movement of which
we spoke in nor last article, on the authority of
a letter from Madrid of the 29th :

" Yesterday evening (the 24th), at eight
o'clock, at the moment of bt ating Om retreat, a
untober of urmeil inhabitants and some soldit!rs of
the regiment r,f Soria assembled on the '►lace Si.

Antony, ann shouted ' Long live the Constitu-
tion accompanied by tamhoors. The soldiers
had wiilt them two small field pit ces dismounted.
The assemblage marched towards the soldiers of
the hayrack of Saint llelen3, but they were
already under arms. The lievoliets were re-
ceived by a brisk fire ; they tetur ,ed it for a mo-
ment, but were soon dispersed, leaving rourreen
hilled and a great number of wounded on the

ground.

It is iniderstoori that the chief of this
conspicary vr3s Colonel Nicholas de Santiago y

IZot aido.

The i4Ct is, that the conspiracy having
failed, this Officer caused the sea gate to be
opened, and di,;Appeared. Trdropillity was every
whet e re-established before midnight.

(From The Cunstitutionnel.)

" Manatn,JAN.29.—Our Gazette ofto-day per-
sists in the same mysterious silence which it has
maintained since the events in Andalusia. There
is not a single Word in it respecting the progress
of the Royal Army, or the affairs of the Insur-
gents in the Isla de Leon. It is known, however,
that General Freyre had announced his departure
irons Seville for the morning of the 26th. His
advanced guard, under the orders of General Fer-
raz and Ramirez, were in march. It is only three
days march from Seville to the Isla de Leon. At
this-moment the two parties may be in the pre-
sence of each other, and the issue of the contest
will depend upon the good or evil -disposition of
the soldiers. We expect here the first news with
the greatest impatience.
" It is said here that the Corps Diplomatique,
Intl particularly Sir Henry Wellesley, have in-
duced the Government to issue bulletins respect-
ing the affairs of Cadiz, and we expect to see the
silence broken.

" JAN. 3l.—General Freyre has done nothing
yet. The disquietude increases. It is said the
Royal Army has halted in its march, and that the
InSurg-i:ts are fortified up to the teeth. The
movement excites! at Cadiz in the morning of the
24th, was dispersed by the public force. The
author or chief bad friends enough to save him-
self by sea ; it does not appear to be finished.
" Several persons have been arrested here,
amongst whom is a Councillor of Castile. Con-
spirati,rs are to be seen every where. Events win
be decided in a few days, in the mean time com-
merce suffers, many bills are not paid."

(From the .Gatette. de France.)
" Letters from Madrid, of the 31st January,
state, that the affairs of Andalusia were of a very
serinls character. They confirm the intelligence
of the movement attempted to be excited in the
night between the 24th and 25th, at Cadiz, but
with this difference, that the Chief of the Malcon-
tents succeeded in escaping by sea. Tile Govern-

" The revolted troops had installed at Xeres
authorities called Constitutionsi, but these autho-
rities have been dismissed by the King's troops ;
2,000 of the Revolters set out from.St.Ferdinand,
and attempted on the 23d to re-establish their au-
thorities at Xet es ; but finding there a superior
twee, they retreated into the Isla de Leon, after
destroying the bridge of boats.
" In the night between the 24(11 and 25th, they
fired an howitzer from Torte-Gorda upon the
Cortadura, but without any serious consequences.
" M. de Ville Vicencio, Captain General of the
Navy, has given notice to the English Consul,
that the mouth of the river S. nti Petri (Isla de
Leon) is in a state of blockade, and that the en-
trance of any foreign vessel is prohibited. It is
probable that the same notice has been given to
the Governor of Gibraltar, iu otder to deprive the/
Insurgents of the resources which they might
otherwise derive by that river.
" Letters from Madrid of the 31st January, con-
tain precisely the same details. It was further
believed, that General Freyre would not begin
;;is march till the 29 b, nor commence opera-
tions till after having tried all means of cle-
mency, in order to preserve to the State all that
would be infallibly cotnprom;sed, if an attack by
main force became indispensable against the Re-
bels."

- " The Duke de Richelieu hreAkfasted with the
King. yesterday morning ; his Majesty gave private
audiences to tie Baron l'asquier and the Count

Cerrei+cl.

FIVE rzR CENTS.

Thursday

PEFEHRED STOCK
Of the 22d'Sept. 13!7, 67 f. 95c.

. 25 f. e
. 24 f. 80 c."

EXCTTANGE ON LONDON.
One :lion+ h
•three Mont Its

THE SUN.

1101. EM QUIS DICEIIE FAI.SII3I AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1820.

There was a strong report at the West End of
the Town this day, that certain Legal Distnis-
t.ions had Wien place, and also of a high Mi-
nistetial Resignation. It was also added, that
his MAJESTY had suffered a relapse, but we could
not trace these rumours to any,authentic or pro-
bable quarter.

His MAJESTY had expressed an anxious desire
of partaking in the ceremonies attending the Ob-
sequies of his late beloved Father, notwithstand-
ing the severity of his recent illness, and the weak-
ness that must necessarily have resulted from it,
but l►as•most earnestly been exhorted not thus to
expose 4 life so important to the Empire to the
danger of a relapse. This exhortation was most
strongly supported and enforced by the advice of
the attending Physicians, and his MAJhSTY, with
great reluctance, at length acceded to the counsels
so obviously proper and so judiciously recom-
mended.

‘Ve received last night the Poris Papers of Fri-
day last, anti this morning those of Saturday. ‘Ve
give Extracts front the former in another column,
respecting the affairs of Spain, which are of some
interest, though they do not advance us much in
informitioo as to the issue of the contest.

The Gazette de France of Saturday, gives in
substance, 'the same details as The Moniteur of
Friday, respecting the affair at Cadiz, with the
addition, that a merchant named RoT.►t.no was
one of the chiefs of the conspiracy. It is added,
" Tranquillity was every where re-established at
midnight, and the next day, the 25th, the Govern-
ment of Cadiz published a proclamation, praising
in (be warmest terms the fidelity of the inhabi•
trots and the garrison."
, The same Paper gives, from The ludicateur a
Journal of Bourdeaux, the following Prociama-
tion of QUIRUGA, the Chief of the Insurgents in
the Isla de Leon.

.t Soldiers, placed at your head by the choice
of the Officers of the Army, I wish to arldiess
you with that frankness which ought to prevail
between companions io arms.
" o,tr Spain approaches its destruction ; your
ruin would be completed with that of the Coun-
try ; you are destined to death rather to deliver
the Government from that dread which your cou-
rage inspires, than to make a conquest of the
Colonies, which is now become impossible. In
the mean time your families would remain in the
most abject slavery under an arbitrary and tyran-
nical Government, which disposes at its pleasure,
of the property, the existence, and the liberty of
unfortunate Spaniards.

" this Government would destroy the
Nation and end by destroying itself ; it is impossi-
ble to bear it any longer, on the one side,
violence and weakness ; and on the other, exe:t-
lug nothing but indignation and contempt. Ia
order that the Country may be happy, the Go-
vernment ought to inspire confidence, love, and
respect.

" Soldiers, let us employ for our own welfare
and teat of our brethren the, arms which wow'

children of the Country, prove yourselves to be
so; union and discipline is what 1 recommend to
you. I shall have the satisfaction of rewarding
those who distinguish themselves, but if any one
fails in his duty, I will prove, that it' is not in
vain authority h„s'been confided to n►e, and that
the energy of a Government which setlts for good
is always superior to that of a despot.
" Soldiers, victory awaits us, and in its re-
sult glory and rewards, which the Cottony will
sho►w°er upon us in abundance.

" Head-gnarters, San Fernando, Jan. 5, 1520,
" The General-in-Chief of the National Army.
" ANTONIO CiUIROGA."
" A similar Proclamation has-been addiesskd
by QuiaiiGA to the Royal Marines.
" The Revolters wear a red cockade, orna-
mented with a green triangle."

The details in the other Journals of Saturday
are similar to those in the Moniteur of the preced-
ing d ty, given in another column. The Journal
de Paris adds, that in the affair referred to at Cadiz
on the 24th Jan., Gen. CamraNA WAS killed. It
',No asserts that the Proclamations of QurttoGA
had produced little effect, and that the inhabitants
of San Fernando and est-Been, though these places
were in the possession of the Insurgents', took no
part in the revolt.
In the French Chamber of Deputies, on Thurs.
clay, the remaining articles of the second projet,
respecting the possessors of national domain.,
were agreed to, and the projet adopted by a
majority of 227 to 184. The President announced
a public sitting for Monday, to receive a Corn.
muni'eation from. Government ; an announcement
which excited a considerable sensation, evidently
referring to the Election Law. The_ Chamber
formed itself into a Secret Committee, in which,
af.er much debate, the. discussion of the proposi-
tion of M. de la FAYETTE, respecting the National
Guards, was adjourned.
The following are further extracts, from the
Journah of Saturday :

4" PAnts, Feu. I 2 . —Yesterday, at two o'clock,
the Ministers Secretaries of State, and the Minis-
ters Councillors of State, who formed part of
the last Privy Council, assunbled kJ gdif) undo*
the Presidency of the Bing. The Sitting lasted
till five.

" Lieutenant• General Gifly was set at liberty
on Thursday evening, he being toond to be in-
cluded in the amnesty of January, 1816.

" The new Lim of Election will, i( is under-
stood, be presented o❑ Monday, thougb we be-
lieve that the chief bases of the projet are not
yet decided upon in the Council of Ministers,—
(Gazette de France.)

FIVE PER CENT,.

Friday 73 f. 23 c.
DEFPRIIED STOCK

Of the 22d Sept. igl9, ..... 73 f. 65 c.

FXCHASGR ON LONDON.
One Month
Three Months 24 f. Is() c."

Jamaica Papers arrived this morning to the 9.h

January.
ROYAL GAZETTE':
Extract of a Letter from Arena Blanca, Dec.

" An Extraordinary Courier is just arrived,
bringing intelligence of MORILLO being sot-round-
ed by the Patriots at San Carlos, and that BoLt-
VAR was besieging Carthagena. BoDix has been
reinstated in his command by the Congress of
Venezuela,

" SHIPPING INTELLIGENCII.—.—By accounts re-
ceived from Havannab, it appears that its nei4h-
houthood, as well a+ the Gulphs of Florid', and
Mexico, have been visited with tremendous gales,
and the worst weather experienced that ever had
been remembered. Vessels are hourly running
into Havannah in diitress."
Extract 0;• r Letter from St. Thomas's, 16:11 Dec.

" Accounts have reached this place to-day front
Angostura, stating, that General SOUBLETTS had
arrived there from the Independent Army, and
that he had brought to Montreal 3000 infantry,
ho had been joined by General Paaz with 4000
cavalry. He left General BotAyAR in Santa Fe
with GOOO men, who was to follow him in a few
days : in the mean time all Lis troops in Marga-
rim and Maturin were to proceed to Montreal.—
Gen. Al-risme:lw had left Angostura for Matikrin
to dkipatch the troops from thence ; and it those
of Gen. DEvenaux' Legion had not artived from
Margaritta, he intended to proceed to that 1)14101„
to hasten them, where the whole will'be concen-
trated. They will amount, it is said, to 16,000

mNn.

" A report was in circulation on TtmsdaY, that

hind him. Abe day fixed upon for the conck
tration of all the Armies was the Gth of this
month ; they would march in one grand Army,
amoowing to upwards of 12,000 men, upon Car-
ravens, and the other positions of Moatu.o adja-
cent to the coast, as all his combined forces do
not exceed '6,000 men, and most of them will de'
semi the banners of FERDINAND as soon as the
Patriots will give them battle. The numbers of
the sev,ral Armies are as follow :
The force of General Bolivdr
The army of General l'ae4 (Cacalr,)
Ditto (;encral Nlarino, which has died
from Mitturiu

1°2,000
Besides the division of G,nrral LARAzA and Cs-
nENo, nnil the Ent; farces at Margatitta of
12,000 excellent ,tddiers. The bead quarters Of
AIOKILLO Were at Vatteni4 "

it was our intention to advert as little as
ble to the conduct of n certain peat 'Personage
now abroad, and not to enter ii,to any specula-
tions as to the meastite-s which that conduct might
be conceived to tender necesslry and proper. 1301
as The Morning Chronicle of this day has entered
upon the subject of so much delicacy and importaace,
with a true Radical freedom and boldness, we miry
be permitted to say a few words on the occasion•
The Chronicle says—but to prevent Mis:akes and
misconceptions, wt had best give its own words,
which are as follow :

" We are credibly informed, that on Friday the Law Offi-
cers of the Crown made a report to the Cabinet Council on a
case laid before them relative to an illustrious Personage,
whose conduct abroad has been the subject of much animad•
rers,n, and that it was their unanimous opinion, that ass in'
dictment upon the facts stated could not be supported.—
This opinion is said to be signed by the. Arrons:Er and Solt"
C - >IL (3EXERAL, and hiS MAJESTY'S ADVOCATE GENEBAL.---
The dec.sion, we presume, puts an end to all idea of a prtr
cess for divorce. What course is now to be pursued we gilow
not; but our licaders have seen, by the Ordert in Connell"
issued on Saturday last, that the name of her MAJESTY is oot
to be included in the ritual of divine service. The Proclarna"

tion %VaS not statieiently known to prevent the usual ptayer
for the QUEEN to IN read in some of the Churches vs}

Sunday."

Such is the freedom with which a Paper 00
pretends to hold THEI CON'ISTUTIoN iu reverel)Ce•

awl 'bereft), e ought not to endeavour to degrade
what relates to the monarchical branch of it,
trudes upon a subject tvbich in a great degree
relates to the domestic 0t the parties
Chiefly Concerned, and which may not have
been deemed the object of legal discussion, or, at
least, of any enactmeot, considering
the little advantage that would be likely to ensue•
Our Paper has been styli& Minister-inl, but TM
Chronicle seems to have been more Ministeritil.
than ourselves upon rosily occasions,, on which,
if it spoke troth, it must have been indebted for its
intelligence to treachety. Now as to the confine'
of the Person in question,—that it has been ex-
traordinary in itself, and still more extraordinettY
in the ainresercedness of i,s appearances, has 1011 e
been known, and admits of abundant evidenc'
but, all circumstances considered, and particolorlY
the little injury that the Nation vas likely to 5"1"
fir by any future consequences, rendered it at
least a matter of doubt whether it should become
the object of any formal notice. The Chronicle,
however,boldly intimates, that the matter has bee()
laid before the, Law Witers of the Crown, arrrl
that they have given an unanimous opinio,"
that " an indictment on the farts stated'
could not be supported." This opinion, toot
it is alleged, was signed "by the ATTOll,''
NBY 11114 SOLICITOR GENERAL, and his I‘ll/#,
jesty's ADVOCATE GENERAL." But why I°9
the venerable LORD CU.%YCELLOR left out of t!
question ? Why nut consulted in the first
s. ance ? It is not to be doubted, that if a e°l/1
Irritation bad been held on a subject of such import'
mice, that esteemed Nohltruan is the best atribir.
rity to which it could be referred, and that his °pi'
Ilion would be founded upon kuowledge„iudglyerit4,
and the most conscientious rectitude, Bile 1
is carious 'too see with what celerity The Morilifl0
Chronicle, upon such vague and uncertain pretni'et:
rushes to a conclusion, in saving, " the deeisi%
we prestimr, puts an end to all idea of a procers,
for divorce." " What course is now to be
sited we know not,,. modestly adds The Chronic
slic:
and we do not profess to have any greater ko°
ledge, but we may venture to say, that if such c°l
cc
duct as is imputed to the person ill que,tion, whettej
justly or unjustly. time may shew, were impuuld
to a private individual, a summary course W°
he at once allowed, but whether similar Once
ing's would he consistent with enlightened p
"1
where a great Nation is concerned in the eyq:‘,
we presume not' to determine, or to coojcc“l
on the present occasion,

1

3111,41
s!°°lBlJar
of
"'tact, i
14n
. bits
qprox.
itcqu R
411
Of I
hot lila
tight, t!)1
11°434 to
11141 Abi,
oat
'"ali be

l'ery J..

.1 I
qus
".
VV!'
S
alri
PreNA
I
"liets
11
1
• • en•.se

v
ha

141
.I„,'
:tito itte t
141idtp." a
"‘441 hte

/ere
1 Sir ,J
Zit, 0,
Pirsty
of
0 "!
MR.
I
(h_
Milt
.ttlabieft
14.141tet.

I,lll4lnst
Th p

The-t
7'4 mu
hill' to

. .
.
. ' • 't.-
, .e., Y. • , A
•- • :4."..-*_4_l'"llAt,„.,"4-'" I.'.Pt,'' .44110' ,V., .4,,,,, ':, *:,„T,11M,.:: .. . '.,.._ • '''" "7 -A. ~ 411., , ' ..' -.11 C..' •A 1, t0iN1P0",4001,nt'Ar,..r.4•74i.1,....i. 4 144...,1 gh , ..'tf0t..1,',44,Ai: ~.:4.,r._ ..0. ......., ,;(- .;i , ' ,
',..1
le.• ' .4 ",$4l"-.."'%:%.,• :2740.';'•'...-,=44«.., ~,,,',.r '• .4ta.S;A, , 4 it, 4, ....." '-..... • -.,,A4 4,,' ----.e. ..` ''''' 'IV?' '',';'':?;',:a4,..,t,,,':, .4A, 041.,,i- ..
t Ilgii4.-, ';... t',',. +me viZ - ;.',4 1,r,-.ru-- ~,y,,,.w,K1!,.i-7,,,F,,•_,-..x,.;
,-,- .-..,,,,,,,* vv....*
~1t...,,,„0.,. .. _
meat hail, tip to that date, no advice, of any thing the independence of the nation against the Sir Garoon M‘Ganooa hail lately been killed et -: ' kEI
having been done by General neyre." power of Buonaparte. The enterprise is easy and Aux Cayes, by some of the persons who had been
The Journal de Paris and the Journal des De. glorious. Does there exist a Spanish soldier who deluded into his service."
bats contain the same intelligence as given above, can oppose us I—No. In the rinks even of those ST. JAGO Da LA VaGA, JAN. I. - 'hi
airs the.ittprt 1
The following are further extracts : whom the Government may assemble you v‘ill Extract of a Letter from St.Thowas's, !Kit Dec. . tiii, .
- . Ititti
(From the Correo del Orinoco, Nov. I.)
" PARIS, FEB. 11.—The Council which was to find brethren who are united with you ; and, if itilllor
tar), con- " I have the satisfaction to inform you, that ~ 141)1
have been held yesterday, at the 'rhuilleries, was some are so vile as to turn their arms against ' , Turk
iog to the Cucuta was taken by the division of Sonsomrs i 6 livi
again postponed till this day. In consequence of you, let them perish as satellites of tyranny, un- rittili
the King on the 23d October, when General Da LA TORO° ' .... DIV
this delay, it is believed that the new Election worthy the name of Spaniards. 'll4O
addressed nas completely defeated, leaving every thing be ~, 0 Ypr
l't ()jet, which was to have been presented to the " Soldiers, I rely upon you, you are the worthy. Ilk)
hind bun. The day fixed upon for the concen• ,It
Chamber on Saturday, will be presented on Mon- children of the Country, prove youtselves to be
r the fol. ration of all the Armies was the Gth of this
day. so; union and discipline is what I recommend to -',

fir ! 'ollced
eie,
• it
relt
In .Mte
. , ..qtat
1) !
11R41(
• 4/2 d r -He ese,
hag
h '-ouN
• 3 "fen •
I,op
I g
;t.
01/24, 111C11
thAt
rte salt
tret
i I
N
04,
"4.

,
aleoeto,aereee.--seoo seeee.o., ---....e ,•-• e . - _ . ,e,
..los ,---
gists in the same mysterious silence which it has interest, though they do not advance us much in yet decided upon in the Council of Alioisters.— of the
Person in question,--that it has been eS" ''' 1 , , si utet
maintained since the events in Andalusia. There information es to the issue of the contest. (Gazette de France.) ..„ te ..!
traordinary in itself, and still more extraordinetY e'l a 'oe"tte
FIVE PER CENTS, ii„, r ..• , 'ern(
is not a single Word in it respecting the progress The Gazette de France of Saturday, gives in Friday 73f. tee e. in the iinresercedness of i,s appearances, has iiwe ?,,w, ‘.. lfit bi„,,,
ee ess
of the Royal Army, or the affairs of the lusur- substance, the same details as The Moniteur of DEFERRED STOCK. been known, and admits of abundant evidence, ',', ', t . their
Of the 2211 Sept. 1f 29, ..
• 'la
gents in the Isla de Leon. It is known, however, Friday, respecting the affair at Cadiz, with the exert eteGe ON LONDON. but, all circumstances considered, and pat tictifor.Y :," ..:4 vsl
that General Freyre had announced his departure addition, that a merchant named Ito-racno was One Month
.'-.; ii ' Palpt4 '
Three Months 24 f. so c." ' I iii ' 9t. '
Irons Seville for the morning of the 26th. Ills one of the chiefs of the conspiracy. It is added, ----eoe......_._fvr by any future consigeences, rendered it I' , .',',fait of
advanced guard, under the orders of General Fer- "Tranquillity was every where re-established at Jamaica Papers arrived this morning to the 9.11 least a matter of doubt whether it should becooe ~i03111,'
raz and Ramirez, were in march. It is only three midnight, and the next day, the 25t1), the Govern. January. re . . i'lett
the object of any formal notice. The Chronic. ':, ',.', Leek
ti a
Extract of a Letter from Arena Blanco, Dec. 4-2.
It OYM, G:IZETTE': .) .:-',
days niarch from Seville to the Isla de Leon. At meta of Cadiz published a proclamation, praising however,boldly intimates, that the matter has bee' ee
..e,i- an(
ri
ibis-moment the two parties may be in the pre- in (be went-test terms the fidelity of the inhabi• cc An Extraordinary Courier is just arrived, laid before the, Law °rove of the Crown, 01)il ,
~ „ . I, Ilt
sence of each other, and the issue of the contest ttents and the garrison." bringing intelligence of MOEILLO being; surround- that they here given an unanimous opiniol" :;."'Tiesee,stiti
will depend upon the good or evil disposition of , The same Paper gives, from The Indicateur a eel by the Patriots at San Carlos, and that limo- that "an indictment on the facts stated' :, ''e. f),lioste
Journal of Bourdeaux, the following Proclama- i -'..' th
the soldiers. We expect here the first news with VAR was besieging Carthagena. Borne has been could not be supported." This opinion, to" „.! 'e; say e
the greatest impatience. e tion of Quinooe, the Chief of the Insurgents in reinstated in his command by the Congress of it is alleged, was signed .
~} ~.,:e , Isl
"by the .ATT°''' - 'e7ces i,
"It is said here that the Corps Diplomatique, the Isla tie Leon. Venezuela. ' NEY and SOLICITOR GENERAL, and % his INlll# . 1 '. Mill
. 4 re,....
WO ,', - ~. '.CIVeI
and particularly Sir Henry Wellesley, have in- " Soldiers, placed at your head by the choice " SHIPPING INTELLiGENCR.—By accounts re- jesty's ADVOCATE GENERAL." But why - e ee.‘oolniv
1 dnced the Government to issue bulletins respect- of the Officers of the Army, I wish to addiess ceived from Havanna!), it appears that its neigh- the venerable LORD CUANCELLOR left out of t! ' :.. bY th j`
e i
Pr
ing the affairs of Cadiz, and we expect to sec the you witO that frankness which ought to prevail houthood, as well as the Gulphs of Florida and question ? Why nut consulted its the first i 0 -* te
.. 'e °elan
silence broken. , between companions iii arms. ''e°
elan
. -111 N
Mexico, have been visited with tremendous gales, stance ?It is not to be doubted, that if a c e . arei
" JAN. 31.—General Ft eyre has done nothing " Our Spain approaches its destruction ; your and the worst weather experienced that ever had Imitation had been held on a subject of such import' . 4 .'''. (tistri ''
400 , ..!,,,to eta
yet. The disquietude increases. It is said the ruin would be completed with that of the CO4lO- been remembered. Vessels are hourly running anee, that esteemed Nobitinen 13 the best aut .'- $ .el I'd CI
opi• ; 11,1. the ,
Royal Army has halted in its march, and that the try; you are destined to death rather to deliver into Heeatinah in di=tress." , rity to which it could be referred, and that bus .. ~.:tari %.
pto ~ ,s. e Yin
Insurgeets are fortified tip to the teeth. 'Pie the Government from that dread which oury con- Extract a;. t: Letter frmnSt.Thomas's, tatli Dec. . [lion would be founded nposi ktiowledge,judgrae „ e„Nee ~,
16 4,:r..,
~ Re
movement excited at Cadiz in the morning of the rage inspires, than to make a conquest of the " Accounts have reached this place to-day front and the most conscientious rectitude, nut e ' -•---' Sir i
irii '• '
24th, was dispersed by the public force. The I-Colonies, which is now become impossible. In Angostura, stating, that General SoIIELETTE had is carious io see with what celerity The .111.901 ' 1)t. -•rte
;4 s, • toe,
author er chief had friends etiongh to save him- the mean time your Ninnies would remain in the arrived there from the Independent Army, and Caroeicfe, upon such vague and uncertain pretw're., ';' ,or ,1
on
.oe
self by sea ;it does not appear to be finished. most abject slavery under an arbitrary and !pan- that he had brought to Montreal 3000 infentry, rustle. to a conclusion, in saying, " the dee's' . ' tre he
re's` -- 4S. •
,‘ several persons have beets arrested here, nical Government, which disposes at its pleasure, oho had been joined by General Peez with 4000 we presume, puts en end to all idea of a pro
~ le j
urn
. . Lein
amongst whom is a Councillor of Castile. Con- of the property, the existence, and the liberty of cavalry. He left General Bin-lye); in Santa he for divorce:' .. What course is now to be P-. . I .'llll. °'
.dt, ' I A •••ii irsty
siiirat,,rs are to be seen every where. Events win unfortunate Spaniards. with GOOO men, who ~vas to follow him in a tea' sued we know not," modestly adds The Chrons ' P ;;,.'illit; of
Or ;
be decided in a few days, in the mean time cum- " Soldiers, this Government would destroy the days :in the mran rime all hes troops in Marge. and we do not profess to have any greater kr; ; e,l, R. 1
t. olr ' I Ihe K
merce suffers, many bulls are not paid." Nation and end by destroying itself ;it is impossi- ritta and Maturin wet eto proceed to Montreal.— ledge, but we may venture to se y, that if such c- `.lO •''
1 tiler I', quit I
(From the .Gatette. de France.) ble to bear with it any longer, on the one side, Gen. A Risme t4DI bad left Angostura for Matitrin (loot as is imputed to the person ins piestion, wae- 1 1 .1:: o'fiahled
,
it Letters from Madrid; of the 31st January, violence and weakness ; and on the other, excite to dispatch the troops from thence ; and it those justly or unjustly, rime may shew, were illete't ' l'-:•:'..4vither 1
010 ',`l 'll. on
state, that the affairs of Andalusia were of a very log no:bing but indignation and contempt• Ira of Gen. Deventiox' Legion had riot arrived from to a ►pliv ate indiVidUal, rt SliMMlley course '' .'r' lit • -
reed' ' e:'- ~,,41nst
serioes character. They confirm the intelligence order that the. Country may be happy, the Go- Marearitta, he intended to proceed to that Lland, be at once adajoed, bat whether similar pros i, •,;:,. ''(biers p
to hasten them, where the whole willtbe concen- jugs would be consistent sylili enlightened rlic 4%-. ?ire t
of the movement attempted to be excited in the vernment ought to inspire confidence, love, and
1 trated. They will arnount, it is said, iti' '', ' "le Mu'
night between the 24th and 2.5 th, at Cadiz, but respect. to 16,000 where a great Nation is concerned in the eyq" re, i'l: '' - hint to
with this difference, that the Chief of the Malcon- " Soldiers, let us employ for. our'own welfare men, we presume not to determine, or to cookcta ',. '''.l)lPt.r.
• , 1*...,...
tents succeeded in escaping by sea. The Govern- and that of our beethren_ the arms which seetito! - " A report was in circulation on '.l.tiestlay, that on ibeinesent occesion. , em. evets.e
.---eooe'
4-K77^4e-fe xF.7.-,'-',.iie*T';'etWi;',-4:-.:;4l:W7:7:re4fee':.k.'-':Rkle'''',,,.,'sl4-M-ZIT:F7.q; ill";.:s,efS.TareiZeßXioNifteV.W;e7,f4,4,2„7,te.l9.)7l". , •_,i.,,,,Nfoksemeeee,..-eteee;fies.,,z;-:.4:074.:..:-_-.7. 4 1,75,,,i,k
