HOLLAND.

THE Hamm, Ocz. 14.—Yesterday, the 13th, the
ordiniry session of the States General was closed by the
Minister of the Interior in the name of the King, with
• the following speech :

" Your High Alightines.es,—Again an ordinary session
close., since unhappy circumstances have convulsed the
country, and, 1 may say, all Europe.

" This session, too, which has lasted a whole year, was
rich in important events. Fruitful in beneficial conse-
quences, it assimilates itself in a remarkable manner to the
last, and forms with that a whole which will hold a dis-
tinguished place in the history of the Netherland..
" In the painful circumstances in which the country is
placed, the desirable unanimity prevailed, the same object,
the same energetic will to maintain the rights and the ho-
nour of Holland, was the indissoluble tic which bound tog,-
tiler the throne and the nation, which united all interests

and wishes in one point.
" With calmness, unanimity, and prudence, you have se-
conded the efforts of our Government to obtain that noble
end.

" The King commands me to thank you for it. He
appreciates your co-operation, which has led to the happy

result that the usual force of the state has been consoli-
dated, and that its consideration abroad has increased.

" These are truly happy signs under which this session

closes ; they inspire courage under the present pressure,
they cherish confidence in the future, and prtdict the vic-
tory of the just cause. In the King's name, I declare
this ordinary session of the States-General closed."
We are assured that in the course of the week, his Ex-
cellency the Minister for Foreign Affairs will, in the King's
name, make a communication to the States General, soon
after which the laws will be propnsed for providing for the
ordinary and extraordinary expenditure of the year 1833.
A courier from Berlin arrived yesterday at the Prussian
Legation.
OCT. 15.—The ordinary annual session of the States-
General has been opened today by his Majesty in state.
The members of both the Chambers having met at 12
o'clock in the House of the Second Chamber, the united
sitting was opened by Count Van Bettie, the Member of the
First Chamber, appointed their President by his Majesty.
A few minutes before 1 o'clock the King's Ministers
and the Members of the Council of State entered and took
their seats.

Precisely at 1 his Majesty, accompanied by their Royal
Highnesses the Prince of Orange and Prince Frederick of
the Netherlands, and retinue, was ushered in by a com-
mission of 16 members named to that effect.

Hie Majesty having seated himself on the throne, deli-
vered the following speech :
" High and Mighty Lords,
" During the last months of your late sitting a strong
hope more than once arose that, by the opening of the
present Session, I might be able to communicate to you
the termination of the weighty difficulties in which our
beloved country has been involved for upwards of two
years in consequence of the revo•t in Belgium; but my
reasonable expectations have not bin fulfilled.
" The moderation evinced by the northern Netherlands,
and the sicrifices which I myself offered, instead of leading
to a reasonable adjustment, have ultimately only produced
an augmentation of the demands upon us. You will be
convinced, from the communications which I shall lay be-
fore you respecting the state of the negotiations on my
part, that on our side we have gone to the utmost bounds
of condescension, which were traced by the very existence
and the honour and independence of the country.
" In the mean time it is gratifying to me that I am en-
abled to inform you, that I receive from the Foreign Powers
many proofs of the deep interest they take in our affairs.
" It is not less gratifying to me, in this situation of
affairs, to give to the Assembly the assurance that our
means of defence, on the whole extent of the frontiers, are
highly satisfactory and sufficient, and that the state of the
land and sea forces, whose experience and discipline, as
well as their persevering courage, merit the highest com-
mendation, answer in every respect the endeavours which
are unremittingly employed for that end.
" Should, contrary to our hopes, the necessities of the
country require a still greater development of force, then
sufficient means are prepared by me from henceforth, with
a full oonfideace in the disposition of the nation.
" The provincial and local authorities have again this
year, with order, management, and the best result, exe-
cuted the labours respecting the calling out and levyings
for the National Militia and Schutters. The recruits show
every readiness to Join their brothers in arms. Every one
of them emulates the regular force in a faithful discharge
of his duty.

" The condition of the families of the defenders of the
country is honourably protected and supported ; and those
in arms are, moreover, encouraged by liberal donations of
the inhabitants.

" Notwithstanding the extraordinary inland equip-
ments, our colonies are provided with the necessary ship-
ping and troops, and protection is given to commerce and
the fisheries.

" In the transmarine possessions a desirable internal
order prevails.

" The more economical evablishment which we have
been able to form in the East Indies, and the advance
ment made there in agriculture (the beneficial influence of
which is already felt), justify the hope that our East India
possessions in future will open a still more enlarged source
for trade and prosperity.

" Also in the Nest India colonies a more simplified
form of government has lately been introduced ; the saving
resulting therefrom, combined with other favourable mea-
sures, will immediately lead to an alleviation of the diffi-
culties which there pressed on industry, and the further
promotion of which shall he my constant endeavour.
" In our commerce and navigation there is observable
rather an advance than decline. Obstructed in some
branches by the force of circumstances, they are, by the
enterprise of our merchants and shipowners, considerably
extended in others. We thus still occupy among com-
mercial nations the station which properly belongs to us,
and which I hope, whatever pi ►filly or force may endea-
vour to deprive us of, to secure to my beloved subjects
in future.

" Agriculture has been blessed with an abundant har-
vest, and al-n in many other branches of industry we have
enjoyed a share of prosperity which, amidst the evils that
affect our country, should call forth our gratitude.
" In every department of the local administrations there
has been a regular course • and the several local authori-
ties have discharged their duties with good order and cor-
rectness.

" The state of our sea and river works is satisfactory,
and this year we have experienced no particular misfortunes.
" Arts and sciences flourish, though the present state of
affairs is so unfavourable. Education, to which every class
is indebted for that sense of true liberty for which the Old
Netherlands are 89 renowned, maintains its eminence.
" The destructive sickness which has attacked nearly the
whole of Europe, and from which we, till within a few
months, mercifully had escaped, has at length penetrated this
kingdom. The sum total of the attacked, and also of those
whu have fallen victims, compared with that of other coun-
tries, does not give an unfavourable view. General, pro-
vincial, and local measures, planned and managed with
care, and ivipported by the diligence of the medical prac-
titioners, co-operate, as much as possible, to check and
palliate the evil, and offer an encouraging prospect that,
with the blessing of God, the pestilence will soon disappear
from amongst us.
" Many weighty points of legislation will again occupy
your p articular attention.
" Several projects for modifying the civil code are now
ready to be submitted to your High Mightinesses ; and I
cherish the hope that the entire civil code will be com-
pleted in the course of this session.
" Continuing in the course already adopted, I shall also,
within a short time, bring under the consideration of your
high Mightinesses the budget for the ensuing year, and
those measures which have appeared most effectual to meet
the exigences of the state.
" For the extraordinary expenditure which may result
from a continuance of the present state of affairs, I wish
again to use those means which before were approved of
by your High Mightinesses, and received so fully the ap-
probation of those interested, that the necessity of forced
contributions has soon declined, public credit is improved,
and the Treasury, conducted with order and economy, has
remained in such a state as to render it able to meet all
demands.

" Heavy, however, are the burdens which the nation
must yet bear, and the future remains still clouded. But
the sense of honour and patriotism which unanimously
pervades the whole nation makes her bear those burdens
with a universal good-will, and contribute with enthusi-
asm to the maintenance and protection of her national
character.
" Those feelings, Hitt and Mighty Lords, must give
us confidence. A nation who do not forget the glory of
their ancestors, and who render themselves so eminent in
the present day by their attachment to law anti good or-
der, has a claim to respect from foreign countries. In
the unanimity of the people and in the justness of our
cause we find the strongest support ; and by a mutual pal-
ticipation in the exigencies of the state, we have the
firmest hope that, with full confidence in the Omnipotent
Ruler of the world, in proper time we shall be enabled

to let our fellow-countrymen reap the fruit of the noblest
perseverance."
Dutch Funds, Saturday, 41k.
ROTTERDAM, OCT. 12.—According to the accounts
from the army, especially from the advanced posts, it
seems that at most points the French deserters, as they are
called, are those among the Belgian troops who are placed
in front, for on the frontiers of North Holland, and espe-
cially about Alphen, &c., there are hardly any but French-
men opposite our adtanced posts. According to the state•
ments of some of these Frenchmen, who deserted to us,
hut were immediately sent back over the frontiers, thou-
sands of them had come from the South of France to Bel+
gium, where they were immediately incorporated with
the Belgian regiments, particularly those that are nearest
in the frontiers.
BREDA, OCT. 13.—We learn from Ibis le Due that
the head-quarters of the army were to be transferred to
that place on Monday.
Yesterday morning a new squadron of the 6th regiment,
coming from Arnbeim, passed through Nimeguen, on its
way to the camp.
Some changes of the cantonments have taken place in
Vie second division ; up to this day no furloughs have been
granted in that division.
THE HAGUE, OCT. 15.—His Royal Highness the
Prince of Orange arrived here from the army last night.
The beautiful frigate the Rhine, pierced for 60 gales
was launched on the 11th, at Flushing, from the Royal
Dock-yard, io the pre,ence of the civil and military autho,
rties, and a great concourse of spectators.
BERLIN, OCT. 10.—The Count Von Donboff arrived
here on the 7th from London. He is known to be the
bearer of important despatches from the Conference at-
London to our Cabinet, relative to the affairs of Belgium.
Yes erday he went express to Toplitz, where his Majesty
the King now is. The British Cabinet Messenger Fenesal
has arrived with despatches from London, and Mr. Kayo
has set out for London
DUTCH FUNDS.--AMSTERDAM, OCT. 15.
Actual Debt, 2% per cent 4IU to 42
Amort Syndic, 4% per cent 704 to 70%
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 5514 to 55%
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 96% to 97'4
Ditto, ditto, 183:4 5 per cent 79 to 79%
—Dutch Papers, Oct. 16.

The masque now in preparation at Covent'
g r 'en theatre, from the pen of Mr. SHERIDAN KNOWLRS,
i 'tended to do honrige to the immortal memory of the
great Bard of the North, whose recent decease bas been
the source of so much public regret, will be preceded by
another new drama, founded on the novel of IVaverley--"'
in which Messrs. Vninic and HAINES, from the Hay'
market Theatre, will make their first appearances on these
boards. Both pieces are to be produced with becoming
splendour, and the GRIEVES are now busily employed in
preparing appropriate scenery fur their representation,
which is announced for Monday next.
Next Monday the drama of Kenilworth is
announced for revival at Drury-lane theatre, which Will
b • succeeded by the grand pageant got up in commemerr
ion of the great Northern Minstrel, whose wizard pen Anti
'nexhaustible fancy has so marvellously new peopled the
world of fiction. Another drama, to be founded on the
nova of Quentin Durward, whose name it will_ bear, i°
announced as being in preparation at this theatre.
The depressed state of the provincial theatre
is repeatedly mentioned in the evidence before the Come
mittee on Dramatic Literature. Mr. WmuNs, the pro'
prietor of six of them, in one circuit, viz., those of Nor'
wich, Bury, Cambridge, Ipswich, Yarmouth, and CAI'
cheater, states that seven years ago he let them upon kW°
for 1,1501. per annum ; after an interval of four years be•
had been obliged to take 3501. per annum less, and
tenant was now calling upon him for a farther reduction"
He considers that the playgoing population has decreased
n an inverse ratio to the increase of the population gene
rally. In Norwich there is an annual loss of 5001.
MACKLIN THE ACTOR.—MACKLIN brollol.l
an action against a party who bad nightly interrupted 11
performance, and they were cast. On hearing the verelif
in Court, MACKLIN arose, and addressing the Judge, de.:
Oared that be did not seek for any damages, but 01
wished to vindicate his character, and to support the.
rights of his profession. The Judge said, Mr. MACE
'ix, I have often admired your talents, but you bare nelct,
acted better than on this occasion."

QUIN THE ACTOR.—When one of a cow'
pany at dinner had helped himself to a very large piece 0'
brew!, QUIN stretched his hand to take hold of it. Die
person to whom it belonged prevented him, saying, "
that is my bread." " I b,g your pardor," said Qualc, 0
took it for the loaf." Another time, at dinner, a gentk
had taken upon his plate a large quantity of pudding, .a 0
said, "Mr. QUIN, let me reecommend this pudding to you.
" With all my heart," said QUIN, looking at the gatihe'
mats's plate, and then at the dish, " but which is

•
plddiug?"
MOoDY AND MR. BRERETON.-MOODI
“nce lent money to Mr. BRERETON, the actor. BRAE:
roN did not return it immediately, and Moon met hio?,;
he looked earnestly at him, and vented a kind of o°.„',,
between a sigh and a groan. He repeated this interjel';,
whenever he met BKERETON, who at length was so.so,
noyed that he put his hand in his pocket and paid bid,
MOODY took the money, and with a gentler aspect °$

" Did I ask you for it, Billy ?"
is
$
MRS. CLIVE AND GARRlCK.—Mrs.tili-
was an eminent actress on the London stage before
RICK appeared, and as his blaze of excellence 6'1°,14
others into comparative insignificance, she never faco,
him, and took every opportunity of venting her ePle
She was coarse, rude, and violent in her temper, !,,g
spared nobody. One night as GARRICK was perforoito,
King Lear she stood behind the scenes to observe I'loll
and, in spite of the roughness of her nature, was o Plot,
“ffeeted that she sobbed one minute, abused him the on
,nd at length, overcome by his pathetic touches, she burbfote
from the place, with the following extraordinary
iert
to the universality of his power : " Hang him, I bei.:thi
he could act a gridiron."—R(cords of my Life, 'I
late .101 in Tap/or. 4 ./
MRS. INCHBALD AND MR. HARIII-'Ol
At the desire of Mr. HARRIS, Mrs. INCHBALD atte6
ollt
him one morning at his house at Knightsbridge to c°9tetl.
on one of her plays which was soon to be represo.st
When the consultation was ended, Mr. HARRIS, "r1.01(i
a handsome young man, and had found so little clum_„,ol!
among the theatrical sis•eihood under his govero;oel•
thought that he might be equally successful in an die
on Mrs. INctraALD, hut instead of regular apPiticie
lie attemp.ed to take the fort by storm, and Mrs-
RALE) found no resource but in seizing him by hi' 13°
which she pulled with such violence that she fore d
to desist. She then rushed out of the house, 30 nree°;
eeeded in haste, and under great agitation, to the,i'n f;
coons of the Theatre, where the company were tue; 031
hearaing. She entered the rdorn with so will as sir'sid' I
with such evident emotion, that all present were ala.
She hastily related what had happened as far as herdic° j'
diment would permit her, for she stammered,
eluded with the following exclamation _« Oh '
wo-wo-worn a wig I had been ru-ruined."
I remember to have met 8188, the pro t°fh
of Jeremy DidWer in KENNY'S farce of Raf:ors's9
Wind, on the day when the death of Dr. PH' refi
announced in the newspapers, and, expressing ina,Y
e,
at the loss of so great a man, 8188 interrupted
spoke of him as a man of no genius, whose mind
nothing but the lumber of learning. I tv3s 4001,
beginning a panegyric on the Doctor, when he sg,ao.o‘l4
rupted me with, " Oh, never mind that old b' oly
Have you such a thing as 9d. about you ?" Lueihd
him I tad a little more.—Records of my Life b 9
re •
John Taylor. ere
The novelty having worn off; the II; r"
to
cheap literature is said to have considerably ab3t,eteld:o,l'
not only are some of the speculators in it unable Doris'
a penny," but have actually burnt their fingets.-'
Paper. 6A erio
THE IRISII SERGEANT.-MajOr I I,e
told me that when he was in Dublin he ordere"io fiog
sergeant to exercise the men in shooting at a tOrtstioli,,,
sergeant had placed a pole for them to take ain't 9„osi‘l,`ere
a certain number on the other side, in direct o_r), o.t!
eea I
The Major happened to reach the spot just to tu,
going to fire, and expressed his surprise that tegitioOtep,
should have placed them in so dangerous a I% hot
they must necessarily wound, if not kill eiev
" Kill each other," said the sergeant, " wbY the' 4.
'
our own men." c 0 lb-(E
heel'
SPENCER AND THE HACK NEY-COA 10jif
—One of SPENCER's whimsical freaks was to to
oar-coach with three friends a dark evening/ rinstrii,,
the •'
the man to set them down in a gloomy part of
reo0:
at the side of the New Church. Ile had eo(
opened the door to that opposite to that where Luitoi Ito
man waited, and, as SPENCER and his friends q d at 00;
coach on one side, they went round and ente,rtel.st 11l
other. The coachman was at first surprised aAs 00
issued from the carriage than he bad taken in. drod' 01
' continued to go.round and come out he becatar,a, beet,'
ilsrined, and at length his terror was so great
(corn the coach, and rushed into the first Pub ales,,
rollin the pr ople there that he !oust have taken cant,
' of devils, " for," be added with every sign
een our'
had tek,n in but four, but have counted eight
amore were coming when I left my coach."

PLUCKS OF STOCKS TMS
sank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 831,4 3
3 Per CentConx. B3/4 4 374
N Per Cent. 90V2%
Ditto Red 90Yi
1.4 ew 3% per Cent. 0134 2
3 Per Cent. Ann. 17126 -
4 Per Cent. 1826
Rank Long Ann. to expire
Jan. 5, 1860 11 5-16 N
Oct. 10, 1859 -
Jan. 5, 1860 -
Jan. 5, 1880 ---
April 5, 1810 .._-,..
Jan. 5, 1870 -

DAy AF ON),* O'CLIICK•

New 5 per Cent. —
India Stock
Ditto Bonds
'South Sea Stock
Old Annuities —
New Ditto —
3 per Cent. Ann. )751
Ex. Bills, £1,000...22 21 22 pm.
Ditto 500 22 21 pm.
Ditto Small
I Ditto Commercial. pm.
!Ditto Advertised
Bank for Account lS7!,a
India for Account —
Cons. for Nov .61!.;3 374

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds B9 'Peruvian Bonds
Belgian Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto Account 7534 Portuguese Bonds
Brazilian Bonds —j Ditto Account. 47'4
Ditto Account 4814 1 Regency Scrip .... ..... 5 k dis.
Buenos Ayres Bonds Ditto Account' 'i i 5 dis.
Ditto Account —!Prussian Bonds 993,4
Chilian Bonds ... l6 j Ditto Account —
,
' Ditto Account Ditto Bonds, 1822 11)0
Columbian Bonds 114 Russian Bonds, 1822 6693
i Ditto Account — Ditto Account
Ditto Bonds, 1821 10,,, ( New Loan (13%.44
I)itto Account — ;Spanish Bonds, 1821 13%
Danish Bonds 68% Ditto Account —
Ditto Account — Ditto Bonds, 1823
Greek Bonds 22 i Ditto Account 191::
Ditto Bonds, 15"25 06,4 French Rentes, sp. C. -r. —c.
Ditto Account — I--- Exchange —f —c.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent. 221/, t .-3 per cent. —f —c.
Ditto Account I Exchange —f —c.
Ditto, 0 per cent .61Ii Dutch Scrip 4134 4074
Ditto Account .6N ! Ditto Account -41,', 40X
Neapolitan F7anch Scrip 2 pm.

PRICES Or SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE o'cLock-.
Paid. Per Share.
Anglo Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 51 pm.) £lOO 8%
Bolanos Mining Company £l5O 131
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. (ISO. at 5/. pm.) £2O 47
Ditto St. John Del Rey
British Iron Mining Company £.511 9%
Catimbian Mining Co. (iss. at 5/. pin.) 48!- 6 English Mining Company 12%
.0%
General Mining Association
Real del Monte Mining C 0...., —
United Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 24 pm.) 40
Ditto New Scrip 2.
Alliance Fire Insurance Comp lO
Protector Ins, trance. Comp.
Australian Co.
Canada Company
General Steam Navigation Co.
Provincial Rank of Ireland 25

1:1445
6
714

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DURLIN, OCT. 15,
Bank Stock l9By, lat. Patrick insur.(per Share)
Consols, 3 rer cent. --,Royal Irish Ditto ,
Gov. Stock, 3 per cent 9437;, National Ditto _
Ditto, New
4 per Cent — Hibernian Bank
(;ov. Deb. ;p.,; per cent.... 85. Provincial Ditto —
Royal 4 anal Stock ...,... 397 i Royal Irish Mine
Grand Canal Stoch — Imperial Mine City Deli. 4 per cent — Mining Co. of Ireland
Ballast Office Deb. 4pi c. Commercial Buildings

;•AtIS.
Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due.
0 America 0 0 Hamburg
0 Brazil
0 Buenos Ayres 0 0 Jamaica 0
0 Carthagena 0 0 Leeward islands ... I
1 Dublin 0 0 Lisbon 1
1 Flanders 0 0 Malta.... 0
I France 0
, 0 Sweden
1 Guernsey &Jersey• . 0 1 Waterford

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning.., 14 minutes after 10. I Evening... 49 minutes after 10.

THE NEW FASHIONS.
THE COURT JOURNAL
will commence, on Saturday, the 27th of October,
to present its Subscribers and Purchasers, weekly, with
COLOURED ENGRAVINGS OF THE FASHIONS,
Designed by an eminent Artist, under the immediate super-
intendance of that distinguished modiste, MADAME
DEVEY, of Lower Grosvenor-street, Dress-maker to the
Royal Family.
The COURT JOURNAL AND GAZETTE OF THE FASHION-
ABLE WORLD is regularly published every Saturday morn-
ing, price Is.; and those of the Nobility and Gentry
resident in the country, who may wish to become Sub-
scribers, are particularly request.d to give their orders
to their respective%Booksellers or Newsvenders to have
them forwarded in their Saturday morning weekly parcels,
'which will ensure the receipt of this leading Weekly
Jo
out sr
of Fashion twelve hours earlier than that of any
existing weekly newspaper.
Office, 19, Catherine street, Strand.

THE PENNY NATIONAL LIBRARY.
pers,.
novv re PARTS IL, price Fourpence each, in neat Wrap-
of ED ady, of the following STANDARD WORKS
UCATION and ENTERTAINMENT (corrected
and improved to the present time,
N.B. Also, in Weekly Numbers, price One Penny each.
••• Nos. I. &c., and Parts I. &c., constantly repub-
lishing, and may he commenced at any time, viz. '—'_,
eateA PENNY SRAKSPEARE, COM- A PENNY GRAMMAR AND 1./IC-
, with Life, Glossary, TIONARY.
",,erns, Notes, &c.
... Most complete, with ex-
* STANDARD WORKS OF ample, and pronunciation.
Ficvrox.
A PENNY GEOGRAPHY AND
.4%* To contain all the Popular GAZETEER ( Ancient and Mo_
A PEN
ovels, &c. dern, with Maps.)
NY ACTING DRAMA. A PENNY LAW
,LIIIRARY, by
*** To contain all the Popular a Barrister-at-Law. Plays. . _
EN_
A PENNY HISTORY OF G-
A PENNY UNIVERSAL 810. LAND. ORAPRY (Fabulous, Ancient, and A PENNY ANCIENT HISTORY
Modern, with Portraits.) (with Maps.)
• * The most complete, and
only work of its kind.
Agents throughoi
t„...Office 113, Strand, Londe
...........±

Mt the Kingdom.

••••••
rte'
r'" o

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 18, 1832.

A. rumour prevailed yesterday in the diploma-
tic circles, that the KING had refused to sign
the decision of the Cabinet Council for the
adoption of coercive measures (slight even as
they are) against Holland. We are happy to state,
that his MAJESTY has not been so unwise as
to place himself again in opposition to his
Ministers. At the same time, however, we are
bound to observe, that the delay in giving his
approbation has justified painful doubts, consi-
dering the recent declaration of the WELLING-
ToN party, that they were sure of the KING'S
- refusal to confirm the decision of Earl GREY.

The latest accounts from Brussels state that
LEOPOLD is determined to commence hostili-
ties, if the Conference do not carry their threats
against Holland into execution before the end of
November.

The Duke de BROGLIE has requested the
concurrence of our Cabinet to the entry of a
French army into Belgium. The answer has not
yet been given.

- The speech of the King of HOLLAND is at
length published to the world, and is worthy of
the obstinacy of his High Mightiness. It
breathes nothing but fire and fury—denouncing
tile Belgian question of national independence as
a " revolt"—and throwing down the gauntlet of
defiance to one and all of the Powers of the
i.ortference who shall say or act to the contrary.
h's would be all mighty fine if it were not so
lamentably ridiculous. After two years of protocol-
ling for the pacification of Europe, by the amica-
ble settlement ofthe dispute between Belgium and
Holland, and the often-ex ressed disposition of
all parties concernedP
to come to a speedy adjust-
ment, the King of HOLLAND now insults the
common sense of Europe, and provokes the
patience of his best friends, by
has declaring that he
gone to the utmost bounds 9f condescen-
sion, by the moderation evinced and the offers
made to procure a reasonable adjustment."
This adjustment clearly means the re-annexation
of Belgium to Holland.
But it is clear that the Dutch KING has had
good reason for his conduct, for he assures the
Chambers that he receives from the Foreign
Powers many proofs of the deep interest
they take in his affairs. This vident-
ly points to the Northern Powers,
fore France
and England are now the only Powers of the

Conference who take an interest in a
speedy settlement of the question, which
it has been, and still is, the policy of
the Northern Powers to delay. Indeed, we
suspect that the King of HOLLAND has some
secret, but unconstitutional, advocate in this
country, whose influence in the highest quarter
neutralizes the good effect of unanimity in our
Councils. The Duke of SALE-WEIMAR
may be an excellent General against the
Belgians, but his laurels would risk some
glory before a French army. Hence the diffi-
culty of convincing the Dutch KING that
England will really go to war against a
people in whom the Duke of SAXE-WEIMAIt
takes so peculiar an interest. The settlement
of the Dutch question at this moment looks very
like the far-famed creation of Peers that teas to
take place to carry the Reform Bill, and bids-
very fair to arrive at the same lame and impotent
conclusion. But what next ? Aye ! there's the
dilemma, and a Reformed House of Commons
frowns in the distance. Let intriguers beware.

The French Papers of Tuesday contain no
news of interest to an English reader. The unpo-
pularity of the Doctrinnaire Ministry, if possi-
ble,increases,not only in Paris, but in the Depart-
ments. A meeting of the English, Prussian,
Russian, and Austrian Ambassadors took place
at the Duke de BROGLIE'S 011 Tuesday, to dis-
cuss the plans of the French Government with
respect to Belgium and Holland. The result was
not known at the departure of the estafette, but
there can be little doubt that the Ministry will
act up to the spirit of their understanding with
the Cabinet of England. The only question is
—will the Northern Powers now throw off the
mask, and declare in favour of Holland ? The
speech of the Dutch KING would seem strongly
to support this probability. It is idle to sup-
pose that the King of HOLLAND would have
acted as he has done, without the positive assur-
ance of assistance, in case of need, from the
Northern Powers. However, a day or two will
throw more light on this subject.

We have elsewhere inserted a letter referring
to an article which appeared in The Sun, a few
days back, upon the subject of the flour trade
which has recently sprung up between this coun-
try and Calcutta. Mr. ACRAMAN is much
mistaken if he imagines that we deprecated such
a trade ; on the contrary, we rejoiced in its exist-
ence, as a fact which must convince the land-
holders of the futility of their attempt to exclude
foreign corn and flour. Whether the flour im-
ported from India be used in one way or ano-
ther makes no difference to our argument. With
respect to the encouragement which our cor-
respondent hopes will be given to this new trade,
the best encouragement that it or any other trade
can receive is to let it alone. An import trade
which springs from the demand of the people
wants no encouragement, for it will flourish as
long as the demand exists. When the demand
falls off or ceases, or is supplied from other
quarters, no means can be taken to bolster it up
which will not be unjust to other parties.

The signs of the enlightenment of the people
on several topics to which they were, a few years
back, complete strangers, multiply upoD, us so
fast, as hardly to give us opportunities of re-
cording them. It is not long since that consi-
derable numbers really thought that the national
welfare was concerned in the exclusion of foreign
corn. This was the case with many super-
ficial thinkers not connected with the landed
interest, although, undoubtedly, it was chiefly the
might, and not the right of the talkers, that car-
ried the question in 1815. Thank Heaven ! the
ignorance which then existed is passing away
like mist before the sun. One of the signs of this,
which we have hailed with the liveliest satisfac-
tion, is the publication of the sixteenth edition
of the " Catechism on the Corn Laws." It
has been stereotyped, and as its price is only 6d.
no man who really wishes to understand all the
bearings of this question ought to be without it.
The only alteration we could wish to see made in
it, is an enlargement of that part where it is
proved that the landowners are really losers, as
well as the rest of the community, by the ope-
ration of the corn laws. It is not difficult to
persuade a man who is robbed that he is injured
by robbery, but it requires rather a longer argu-
ment to convince the robber that honesty is the
best policy even for him. It is true, that in the
present case the robber must soon be compelled
into honesty, but it is worth while to convert him,
if by so doing, honest men can be the sooner
secured in the enjoyment of the produce
of their labour. In the meantime, that the
honest men may clearly understand the ground
upon which they stand, we will quote six lines
from the work before us. "If NOAH had shut
himself up in his ark, and let his family eat
nothing but what could be grown upon his decks,
he would soon have had an outcry against popula-
tion, and an emigration committee ; and SHEM,
HAM, and JAPHET, would have been distressed
manufacturers?
manufacturing nation has, or ought to have,
like NOAH, no limit but the world. What lie
was to do by digging, it can do by spinning, and
inducing other men to dig What is
clear is, that the felicity of the existing genera-
tion depends upon progression, as it did with
NOAH. It can make no difference except in the
size of the experiment, whether men be confined
to corn of an ark or of an island."

Brussels Papers of yesterday's date have been
received. They contain no news of a positive
character with regard to the question of peace
or war ; but the rumour ran in Brussels that the
French army would cross the frontiers on the
20th. This is possible, but we think the effect
of the Dutch King's Speech on the Conference
will be first ascertained before so decided a
movement takes place :
BRUSSELS, OCT. 14.—Their Majesties arrived from
Laecken at one o'clock yesterday. The King transacted
business with General Goblet, and afterwards with the
Ministers of Justice and the Interior.
At half-past two his Majesty received the Presidents and
Attorneys-General of the Courts of Cassatio❑ and Appeal,
who took the oaths.

His Majesty afterwards received the Deputation from

Vervierg. The gentlemen composing it conversed with
his Majesty on our commercial relations with different
countries, among others with Prussia.
M. Tielmans yesterday had a private audience of the
King.

It having been decided that the Electoral College of
Brussels had been regularly convoked for the election of
one candidate only, the electors did not proceed yesterday
to the election of a successor to M. de Brouckere. The
votes were divide-1 between M. F. Meeus, Governor of the
Bank, and M. Defacqz, Member of the Tribunal of Brus-
sels. The first had 120, the second 119 votes. M.
peens was accordingly declared duly elected.
Two squidrons of gendarmes, of East and West Flan-
ders, have been ordered to Terveren, where all the squa-
drons of gendarmes will form, as well as the Royal
Guides, a brigade of cavalry. Our army has now 56
,quadrons of light and heavy cavalry.
A letter from Antwerp of the 13th says :—" Yesterday
at sun-set, an inhabitant of this city, returning by water
from Rurcht, was suddenly assailed, when off the cidadel,
by a firing of musketry from the Dutch ; he escaped by
binding at Milkburg, whence he returned to the city. At
the same moment a boat, with men and an officer of
our squadron, having, it is said, a barrel on 'elan!, and
another with gun flints, were drawn into the Polder by
the current, in the cut through the Dike of Burcht ; the
Dutch took possession of them, but the boats and the
whole of their contents were immediately restored. We
are assured that an officr, with a flag of truce, was sent
this morning early to the Tke de Flandi es.
" The day before yesterday a transport full of soldiers
carne to the citadel, and yesterday the boat, the Citadel of
Antwerp, also arrived there. To-day there have arrived
many boats laden se i'h provisions.'
13etuss5t.s, OCT. 15.—A Royal Ordinance convokes the
Electoral Colleges of several towns and districts, for the
election of repres ntatives or senators, in the roam of
those gentlemen who have vacated their seats by occupy-
ing appointments in the Courts of Justice.
We learn that some battalions of the reserve have re-
ceived orders to join the battalions in the field. Count
Comelissen set out last night at ten o'clock with des-
patches for Genera Merex, at Berlin, and Barni de Loe, at
Vienna.

BRUSSELS, OCT. 16.—Yesterday at noon the King, ac-
companied by General Desprez and General d'Hane de
Steenhuyse went to he present at the reviews of four bat-
talions of the line and three kittalions of the civic guard
of Antwerp. General Goethals commanded the ma-
, eeuvres. General Sir C. Doyle, who arrived at Brussels
that very morning, was present at the review in his uni-
form, and conversed several times with the King.

Several battalions of the reserve are to be reviewed
successively from the 15th to the 22d. The battalion of
the civic guard of Nieuport was expected on the 16th
at Bruges, whence it would go to Hazegros to relieve the
battalion of the civic guard of Brussels stationed there,
which, with the other battalion now at Bruges, is to go to
Everglien, where it will be cantoned. A large park of
artillery has been sent to Boom. A private letter says
that the camp of Diest has just been broken up, and that
the 20,000 troops in it hive proceeded to the frontier.

G.tneral Hurel, commanding the l st division, (by which
he has been extremely well received), has partial re-
views of the troops every day. He expresses himself
highly satisfied with the appearance and conduct of the men.
M. Tielvinans set out this morning for Liege: it seems
certain that he retires into private life, and intends to
settle at Liege as advocate.

The Memorial says " we learn that a change of Mi-
nistry is seriously contemplated; the most profound
secrecy is observed respecting the persons intended to form
part of the new Ministry."
The head-quarters will be transferred to Louvain.
General Desprez and his staff set out for that city to-
morrow.

M. Boorman, Inspector-General of the army, first goes
t 3 Louvain to morrow, to organize the relays of the Port
of Diest Lierre, and other places, for the service of the
Royal head-quarters.
M. Dagnon and M. Tornezy, belonging to the Com-
miss dat of the French army, arrived at Brussels yesterday
afternoon, to make all necessary arrangements for the sub-
sistence of the French army on its entrance into Belgium.
—Brussels Papers, Oct. 17.
VIENNA, OCT. s.—The Aulic Counsellor Werner has
been sent to Toplitz to his Majesty the King of Prussia;
it is believed that he has a very important mission.

6.---Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Angott-
leme has arrived here to-day. and is lodged in the Impe_
tial Palace. She had previously paid a visit to the Impe-
ral Court at Schoenbrunn, and was received with the
highest respect by their Majesties, and by all the members
of the Imperial Family now at Schoenhrunn. Monsigneur
Ossini, the new Papal Nuncio, has arrived, and will have
his first audience in a few days. Count Pozzo di Borgo
foes not leave Vienna till the 9th. It seems that the
pa'ace at Austerlitz will be the residence of Charles X.
at d his family. Count Damas is gone to look at it. For
these three weeks the weather has been extremely fine.
The cholera has entirely vanished, and the mortality is less
than usual at this season of the year.

Five per Cent. Metalliques, 87 9-16 ; Bank Shares,
1,135. —.Allgemeine Zeitung, Oct. 11.

LITERATURE.

FAMILY LIBRARY.—No. XXXIV.

The present number comprises a Memoir of
Peter the Great, which, though it contains no
very original information, the subject having
been already worn thread-bare, is yet extremely
interesting from the variety of its anecdotical
matter, and the adroit way in which it has been
digested. The author, we are glad to see, scouts
the idea of Voltaire's history of this extraordinary
savage, being a romance, as it has so frequently
been said to be, (solely, we suppose, because
the illustrious historian was a writer of fiction,)
and states, that it is perfectly authentic, with the
exception of one or two unimportant matters of
detail. The present work is not a little indebted
to it for many of its most interesting facts, and
forms a very entertaining volume.

The funeral procession of THOMAS HARDY,
HORNE TooKz's fellow-sufferer, passed our office to-day,
at about half-past 1 o'clock. It consisted of 16 mourning
"aches, one private carriage, an open barouche (in which
sat Mr. HENRY HUNT), and some hundred of persons on
foot, chiefly respectable artizens. We shall give further
uarticulars tc-inorrow.
We are assured that there were on one day
last week no less than sixteen accidents in the Middlesex
Hospital occasioned by cab-drivers.
BONE DUST.—The effects produced from
.bone dust, in the cultivation of the soil, are really aston-
ishing. A gentleman, who used the dust of boiled bones
on a rank dry soil, declares that its effects were visible
three weeks afterwards. Boiled bones were but half the
price of other bones, while they came much sooner into
operation ; and a friend had assured him, that a field
which be had dusted five years ago with boiled bones was
now quite as good as in the first year.—Anglo Germanic
Advertiser.

ANECDOTE OF JUSTICE LAWRENCE.-
After his death the following anecdote was circulated of
Mr. Justice LAWRENCE :—A cause had been tried before
him at York, in which he had summed up to the Jury to
find a verdict for the defendant, which they accordingly
did. O❑ further consideration it appeared to him that he
had mistaken the law. A verdict having been recorded
against the plaintiff he had no redress ; but it was said
that Mr. Justice LAWRENCE left him by his Will
sum sufficient to indemnify him for his loss.—Frazer's
:Magazine.

There is one insurmountable difficulty in the
way of the gradual abolition of slavery. If a part of the
negroes were liberated whilst the rest continued in slavery,
not only those who remained slaves would be irritated be-
yond measure, but the free negroes would'positively refuse
to work with them, and therefore the fields would be only
half cultivated. Everywhere the free negro refuses to do
the work of a slave, though he would do the very same
work if it were not appropriated to slaves. So highly do
the negroes estimate the dignity of freedom, so much do
they feel the debasement of slavery. But liberate the
whole, and no kind of labour would have the stigma of
slave's labour attached to it. In our minds, then, the pro-
priety of immediate emancipation is made out by the
folliwing reasons :._lst. Because justice demands it ; 2d.
Because delay would be attended with no advantage ; 3d.
Because the slaves may be safely emancipated at once; 4th.
Because that emancipation wou:d immensely benefit both
the planter and the negro, whilst it rescued this country
from the foulest blot on its scutcheon. To which we add
as general arguments in favour of emancipation-sth. Be-
cause a free population would be more cheaply governed
than a slave population ; and 6th. Because the former
would afford an incomparably better demand for the ma-
nufactures of the mother country than the latter.--Leeds
Mercury.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.-(THIS DAY.)

THE KING, AT THE PROSECUTION OF THE SOCIETY FOR

TIIE SUPPRESSION OF VICE, AGAINST JAMES KEMP,

APPELLANT,

This was an appeal from a conviction, by Mr. Raw-
linson, of the defendant, for, on the 3d of September
last, indecently exposing his person, with intent to insult
some females.

Mr. ALLEY was Counsel for the prosecution, and Mr.
Ano',rims appeared for the appellant.
Charles Walker Wheeler deposed, that he was in the
employ of the Society for the prevention of cruelty to
animals. On the 3d of September last, he was in Bos-
ton-fields, Regent's Park, about four o'clock, when he
saw the defendant standing near three children,
a boy and two girls, in a very indecent man-
ner ; he went up to him and said " you beast,
what do you do that for ?"—the defendant then
hastily buttoned up and went away. . The witness
then also went about his business. In about an hour and
a half he had again occasion to pass through the same
fields, when, in another part, near an empty house, be again
saw the defendant in the same attitude as before, also near
some children. Being exasperated, he followed him, and
id not lose sight of him till he gave him into custody.
While he was waiting for the police, they were surrounded
by a number of women, who said " that is the nasty old
man who has been here about this month past," and fell
upon him with mud and stones, and also tore his coat off.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS—For the last five
years he had been employed in various ways ; frequently
by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
to attend country markets. He had also been employed
to get signatures in favour of Mr. Kinnon's Bill, and in
various other ways.
Mr. ADOLPHUS—Have your told us all your employ-
ments during that time ? Witness—Yes.
Mr. AnoLnius—You forget the time you shone
as a policeman. Witness—No, I don't; I was coming to
that. Was in the Police till within the last 14 months;
was not dismissed in disgrace. There was a charge of
drunkenness against him, but it was false. Never was
turned out of the force for being a had character.—(Mr.
ADOLPHUS—" We shall see.")—Had found out the
friends of the children, but not themselves; he meant he
had seen several parties who said their children played in
those fields, and had been insulted ; but, in fact, had
never tried to find the parents of the others : it was not
his business.

Patrick Tierney, a policeman, was on duty near the
spot on the 311 of September. Was called upon to res-
cue the defendant from a number of women. After he
was given in charge, they followed and pelted them the
whole way to the station-house.
Several other witnesses were called, hut did not appear.
Mr. AnnLrrius then addressed the jury for the defend-
ant. He said in cases of that kind, the character of the
person eccused, and as well as of the witnesses, were of as
much consequence as the facts detailed. He would prove
most satisfactorily that the appellant was a ►nost respect-
able man, in every• sense of the word—that on the day
in question he was not out of his house from an early hour
in the morning till after five o'clock, and further that the
witness Wheeler was not entitled to belief, even on his oath,
in the opinion of many respectable men under whose
charge he had been. He had such an answer to the case
as would do away with the necessity of his detaining the
Court further. He then called

Police Inspectors Morgan and Card, who severally de-
posed that while Wheeler was in the police, they being
then Sergeants ; they had frequently reported to Inspector
Fagan that he was not of a good character, and unfit to be
in the force ; they would not believe him on his oath.
Mr. Fagan carroborated these witnesses, and would not
believe him on his oath.

Mrs. Snail, a widow, residing in the same house
with the prisoner, and Sophia Lumpton, both distinctly
proved that he was not out of the house between three
and five o'clock.

Mr. ADOLPHUS was proceeding to call other witnesses,
but the Court interrupted the Learned Gentleman, and
said they were quite satisfied the conviction ought to be
quashed.
Mr. LAING, of Hatton-Garden, who was on the Bench
all the time, said he attended purposely to give the accused
the benefit of the knowledge he had of his character. He
had known him 33 years, and a more blameless man he
had never met with.

The prisoner (a respectable looking old man) was then
discharged, to the seeming pleasure of a very full Court.

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

This morning these Sessions commenced before the
Right Hoe. the LORD MAYOR, Mr. Justice TINDALL, Mr.
Justice PARK, and Mr. Baron VAUGUAN.

John Phillips, aged 20, was indicted for stealing three
pair of boot-hooks, the property of Henry and William
Alnutt.

It appeared that nn Friday night, the 28th September,
about S'clock, a constable observed the prisoner and two
others near the shop of the prosecutors, who are ivory-
turners in Piccadilly, and after a short time they crossed
over, and went away. The constable then went into
the shop, and upon stating his suspicions, it was
ascertained that a pane of glass had been broken,
and three pairs of ivory-handled boot-hooks taken from the
window. About 10 o'clock the same night another con-
stable saw the prisoner, with another man and two women,
standing under a gas lamp in Parliament-street ; the pri-
soner was showing his companions some boot-hooks, and
the constable suspecting that he had stolen them, took
him into custody. The three pair of boot-hooks, which
proved to have been taken from the prosecutors' shop, were
found on his person.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent character.
The Jury found a verdict of Guilty.
