FRENCH FUNDS.-AUG. 30.

Five per Cent 5....... Opened at
Closed at 94 f. c.

Bank Stock v 1627.1. 1630. f. c,
Exchange on London—One Month— 25 f. 45 cl
Three Months .25 f. 35 c.

The confirmation given by letters fr'om Bitoglia,
of the 31st July, to the great victory gained by
the Greeks at Thermopylae, furnishes matter of
cordial congratulation to the N% hole of the civilized
world, and particularly to all Christendom.—The
original accounts of the signal discomfiture sus-
tained by CIIOURSCIIID PACHA have never been
contradicted except by the Austrian Observer;
and even its information was avowedly despatched.
from Constantinople at a date anterior to that
on which the intelligence of the defeat of the
Turkish army was probably received. The fact
of a great and brilliant exploit having been
achieved by the Greeks, being now, therefore,
confirmed by a variety of statements from dif-
ferent quarters, there do not seem to be any
reasonable grounds for further doubt of its au-
thenticity ; and most sincerely do we rejoice at
the attainment of an advantage which decisively
influences the future fate of Greece, not less
by the moral splendour and glorious renown
with which it has invested the victors,
than by the immediate change which it has

effected in the comparative physical force of the '
Christian and Mahomedan combatants. The
physical effects will probably be soon manifested
in the increased vigour and activity with which
the Greeks are enabled to push their offensive
operations. The moral results must be felt riot
only by their own population, stimulating them
to new efforts for their final emancipation,—
but .in the Cabinets of Europe,—at the ap-
proaching Congress,—in the political calcula-
tions of Kings and Ministers,—and in the breasts,
in the generous sympathies and kindred feelings
of every virtuous and intelligent portion of the
great European commonwealth.—Why is it that,
in England, the public sympathy in behalf of,
this struggling people has hitherto worn an aspect
of so much apparent frigidity, not more incon-
sistent with the national character than it is con-
trary to the impulse of benevolence, and in op-
position to the dictates of justice, of humanity,
and even of policy ?—We are persuaded that the
seeming indifference of the British public to the
fate of Greece is not owing to any perversion of
the moral faculty, amongst the great mass of
our beneficent countrymen, but is solely attribut-
able to the unaccountable apathy exhibited by
those persons who are generally expected to give
the first impulse to the public mind on the occur-
rence of extraordinary conjunctures, and none of
whom have as yet stepped forward to lead and
direct the feelings of the country, on an occasion
the most interesting that has ever claimed the
active exertions of its inhabitants, as Christians,
as men, and as Britons.—The triumphant career
of the Greeks,—their ardour and perseverance,

—the sacred character of their enterprise, must
iowever at length rouse our leading philanthropists

from their lethargy. They will find the people ready
to obey their summons, and to follc,w them with
alacrity in promoting the glorious work of Gre-
cian independence. We look with daily impa-
tience for the appearance of Mr. WILBERFORCE,
as the venerable advocate of a cause which his
character, his virtues, and his influence, so emi-
nently qualify him to support. We are asto-
nished to observe that attempts have been made

to deter him from coming forward in behalf of
Greece, by the expression of unfounded appre-
hensions that his active exertions in the cause
of her independence, would withdraw him from
the prosecution of his great undertaking, the eman-
cipation of Africa l—We are grieved and surprised
to find that this puerile obstacle has been raised in
a Journal generally distinguished by the manli-
ness of its sentiments and by the extension and
liberality of its views!—Mr. WILBERFORCE'S
advocacy of Greece can never prove injurious to
the cause of Africa. It is much more likely that
the cause of Africa should suffer from his seem-

ing indifference to the fate of Greece.—The ene-
mies of oppression in Africa must be the enemies
of oppression in Europe. Whatever tends to de-
stroy slavery in one quarter of the globe has a
tendency to insure its ultimate destruction in all
others.

REDUCTIONS.—We cannot but feel much for
the persons who have been discharged from the
Royal Dock Yards and other public Institutions.
Many of them are heavily burthened with fami-
lies, and thrown upon the world without resource,
after indulging the reasonable hope and expecta-
tion that NATIONAL ECONOMY would direct
its attention to higher objects, which may admit
of proper reduction, and not condescend to tres-
pass on humanity, and expose humble and useful
industry to indigence and desperation. Can it
be wonderful if, in consequence of these exten-
sive dismissions, the Calendar of Crimes should
appear to be proportionably augmented?

The' Salisbury packet, from Brazil, has brilught
letters from Rio de Janeiro of the 3(1 of July,
Bahia of the 13th, aid Pernambuco of the 19th.
The principal intelligence is, however, contained
in the letters from Bahia, of which the following
are 'e xt rac ts

BAHIA, JULY 2.—For the last month literally nothing has
been done—the shopkeeper sells nothing, and the importer will
sell only for cash or produce, so that in reality he also sells nearly
nothing. The militia being called out every alternate day to exer-
cise, the shops are consequently shut on those days after
twelve o'clock. Though all has been in appearance tranquil
for the last two or three days, intelligence has reached us that
the planters in the neighbourhood of this place, and for about
40 miles up the river, have been encouraging the native dis-
banded troops to assemble at different points, furnishing each
man with high pay, arms, and ammunition. The European
commander has in consequence sent a gun-boat up to stop the
entrance of the river, which to-day is reported to have been
taken, and two or three others are in consequence preparing for
the same destination. Should this prove correct, we shall
have no more business for some time with the interior, which
is our chief consumer, and sales will be pretty nearly or alto-

gether at a stand.
JULY 3.—The Prince has been proclaimed nearly through-
out the province, between which and this place there exists ac-
tive warfare. One gun-boat sent by the governor to blockade
the river, has been taken at Cochoeira, with the loss of
thirty men ; and it is said that another has been sunk,
which was subFquently sent on the same errand. The
whole of the naval force in the harbour is also preparing for

service ; .thly are to be employed in blockading the entrance °
the different rivers. A gang of robbers has been apprehena4,6l;
consisting of two Padres, a military surgeon; with some .e
soldiers and sailors, who were well provided With WI rr
quisite implement for ..'ntering houses. - •
all J
dui tr t 102 n.
s—; Ta
and
de Ei
nu rcoopnesaenq u topserno t
raarde einatercionmgpitehteelycitalt
stand still, except in making shipments till one o'clock eibc
day, but which the heavy rains much interrupt:

[From the Bermuda Papers, J;ily 6.]
ASYLUM FOR. AnticAivs.-611 the Bight °f the
22d ult. forty-six slayes made their escape from Turk's 181°16
in two small vessels. Accounts were received fr°lll
Caicos a few days afterwards, that 101 slaves, men, 'l°l ;
and children, had gone off in several small craft Whicl.-e.j
had taken possession oE The inhabitants of Turk's 7,0 e
being apprehensive that this evil would increase/ "-el
armed themselves, and kept a strict guard at night.
In
mean time the magistrates have petitioned the senior officeri,
command on this station for protection, until com?flual6livi,
can be had with the Governor of the Bahamas at Sew Filo.
dente, and the Admiral on the Jamaica station. Tnforma
has reached Turk's Island from Porto Plata, that.a small v, ‘,O
had recently arrived there with a 'number of runawaY
from Tortola.

nt
,
GIBRALTAR, AUG. 12.—N0 official accou-
c ha
o'
been received at Algesiras from the Ronda I‘4°-
tains to a pretty late hour A l'i'nt,
evening. i
letter from one of the principal towns in that
.7
trict states as follows, under date the Sth justiPtit
" The rising in this Sierra is the oddest thin
has been seen in the Peninsula. Five or si% the
dividuals, who were leaders of Guerrillas Woo
late war for independence,.perhaps set in °l° the
by a secret hand, formed the project to raise 01.
Sierra en masse; to which end a handful oiTose
caps, commanded by one Aguilar y Tinocot Ott
head-quarters are at Benajoan, entered Plate
fired a few shots at the Constitution-stone, Fool
claimed the King with absolute power' 00
marched off, pursued by the national trooPs7tiotts
pushed as far as Benajoan, and drove the Ocvd,
from the place. Of the latter, two were „I°,„ the
three wounded, and the rest vithdre,c. 'pod
very night and the following morning, awe'
under Pipero,and three other leaders, one ° oho,
a clergyman, entered Gaucin and Be",r,;idtet
whence they proceeded to Genalguacil, Ayeol•
and Ximena, and then returned to the 'osea
quarters at New Übrique, where it is suPPareti
the plan was first devised. But it has not $4:l the
with the notions of those mountaineers;oo
framers fancied that the whole Sierra ii9sr,
rise up in arms, but they :have, bee" of
pointed; for, with the exception of a fey'
t7e t°
for-nothing fellows (some of. whom 'lO the
be found every where) the natives have see there
attempts, many with indignation,. and the °
with indifference. The factious, wherever, fe
entered, never stayed above 24 hours ; tt,l.`jog
nerally break the stone to pieces, cause,;„'evegifi'
with absolute power to be sworn to, sing enoodi"
forbid the Provincial Militia to repair to lidoci
whither they have been ordered, and tlet of°
contributions. In Ximena they further see
stet'
highwaymen at liberty. The day before /Ville
day they were in Cor.tes ; last nightjar,. ~titiae
luonga; and to-day they are. going to tiwtheo
and Grazalema. Those who had join.edbottie_ds/
gradually leave them and return to theiriee,
so that it is not supposed, that the ifb°l3-eFiele"
consists of more than 200 and odd men., toci°o
the troops from Algesiras, some are 011004
from :Malaga, and others assembling in (lifer'
in order to attack them at once, in everaibis
tion ; and therefore we may infer that ,
be of short duration."
' b-It
geecoae,
Mn. CANNING'S allusion, in his
east P
Liverpool, to the conduct of the IVl°"eriiedi
formers, was most apposite, when be reamers
" that he felt it his duty to do whattioillista.to..,co,iiitr,
" similarly circumstanced could' not- vopei,"
" effect—to expose the fallacy of their r".iideefti
" who hold out particular blots, the e.vlbs shoo
" which could not be denied, as that whictier, age
" move us to change our system .altoge`,, tots,Ve
" who wish not to remove the scandal,hll`,lo '•,,
cc to change the nature of our, institi
earnestly recommend this passage-of ,of
NING'S speech to the, serious attention
FAWKES and the Yorkshire Cointnittee/of then,
expectation that they will, in the coorskerVirbigers
proceedings, remove this reproach from t"efora,,of
and join with the honest and :rational
,01.gestot
in their endeavours to get rid of the '
I3° id-
these blots, and to throw open the Close t•byipe
not by interfering with their rights, b° titeo,or
ing them consistent with, and subjeotTsll-°:00
regulations which prevail at.electioes ''"tiiderte,
places. We also recommend to the olceitt,TOs
of these Gentlemen, Mr. Nicnor.'s r tract of
resting work, and request them t° °°. hose It
th't '1
honest opinions • on this subject wl ifs :frJr'
Lord. JOHN RussEcr vh 1 ,arly
(1. by.
v C
the distinction so happily express e 100
CANNING. ptIC $I
Of GLOUCESTER arrived at the King's d withso
Yesterday morning at ten o'clool, ihvealace'the
Pimlico from Bagshot and brea.kfaste, mat,iter
Duke of CAMBRIDGE.—The Prioce,s.co Yestei'
arrived at the King's Palace, at fror'Lle.,.'"frsAfe
day, at half-past one, from Frogro°rke of-vre
day their Royal Highnesses the Dun, tbe..otelj
BRIDGE, the Duchess of GLoucEs'f,E-4/0 v! tie
cess AUGUSTA, and the P
the KING. The Duchess of GOli tool•
t ,►fro
the Princess AUGUSTA afterwards
sho, ,of
their respective residences at Bag
vor,
Princess (31'as,rEe (of
more.
tbe or 1
e
The LORD CIIANCELLOR 0.• DIP°
LIVERPOOL haii audiences of his • if e
alit
terday.
in Ytln'h:nCyttelstNecrEdLatynartt onfnetlnte,,clEoXuno.ll,:ficirriF. 'heti j
of Colonel VANSITTART, Berl" retorne.ede
The Right Hon. ROBERT PEEL' 04°40"
j-le Otw
Edinburgh on Su:tday night. sr.
by his Private Secretary, aftd cost°,
King's Messenger. tbe ea di
d 10 - • (AOO-
- alterations are intenue ,104,40
Establishments of all the out-pF.rts? liffrijutob'
the duties, and occasion a reduction 14' --
employed.
