LITERARY NOTICE.

The WORLD in MINIEETRE ; edited by *Furman
SHOBERL. AUSTRIA : containing a %Description of the
Manners, Customs, Charpcter, and Costumes of the People
of that Empire, illustrate/11)y Thirty-two Coloured Engray.
ings. In Two Volumes.

It rarely happens that human operations in
general, as well as those of- a literary descrip-
tion,' equal in their progress the expectations
which they at first excited. But the work, of
which the two volumes before us form 'part of a
series that we have from time to time brought
to the notice of our Readers, constitutes a strik-
ing exception. Elegant, beautiful, and instruc-
tive, us all the the former volumes have been,
they have alt, as they have advanced in number,
increased in excellence.—The intelligence which
the whole conveys is obviously derived from the
best 'authorities,. and from the general mass
which the Editor has consulted, he has made his
selections with great judgment. The information
is ample without redundance .the .Readeri
are furnished, with all that is • interesting
and important' throughout those parts of the
civilised world which have hitherto been noticed,
and afEords the 'most promising omen that all
which is to follow will fully equal, and most
probably excell, all that has preceded. Mr-
SUOBEItL, the' Editor, is not, ,as his name seems
to imply, a foreigner, but a native of this country.
He•is,the author of several works of established
reputation, and is evidently a scholar and a [ruin
of taste; and,ras an historian, he is diligent, Sa•
gacious, and impartial. The manners, Aisposi-
'lion, habits,- and, .opinions, of the natives
throughout the Vast Austrian Empire, appear
to be faithfully described ; and though the
Work is founded on truth, it has all the charm
of fiction, find by its attractive. exterior
and incidental embellishments, is calculated
to allure and gratify the 'female Reader as
well as the Politician and Philosopher. In
justice With. A CK EItMANN, the Proprietor, it may
fairly be said that the public are highly indebted
to him for bringing forward a work of such in-
trinsic merit aod such ornamental
The prints ttiOne are so beautifully executed,
and, whether in groups or single figures, are so
vividly characteristic, that in thernielves they
would fornt an admirable subject of amusement,
and afford lessons for the student in
drawing.—We can assure our Readers that: we
do not invite their attention by any extravagant
eulogy, but feel it a. duty to recommend a work
which ought 'to hold a respectable station in every
British Library.

SOCIETY FOR THE BUTIATINO AND ENLARGEMENT or
Clirtmett to AND, CitArELv.—Stresterdzsy the ; itunujiL Meeting,
of the ,grienks and kiupporkis of•this laudable• tnstitution,t4ok-
place at the Soacty's [louse, 32, Lincoltes4nnA, Amongst
All6se presentlAvere the Archbishop of Canterbuiy,- the Arch-
' biabop of:Mork, the ItjaitopN of Clkeeter antlk4. 41s4ph, lord
Kenyon, Alr.. Justice Park, Sir. T, clanll, e. &c. 't he
Archbishop:: Of einierbury w:oi 'cat to the Chair' at pne •
The•Rev.,hir. Roilber read the Report, which stated,,
that, grants 441 imitlp hi the Irottymkr in 40
the Enlargement of Plarycl.of :WOrsl4, unountingtoll,liVt.,
'arid by the or thitk stair itiereaAe of Chtereh Oceithrtoriii..
tion watt picovided-; for •a,74l.Bergoris , 4 the Irniiiibee of ,fide pit;
tin 40141 11,114-, 41!eallY /wen o%44:Nen-,
lel in providing iricreasett accopunOdation for 1)0,120 persons,
of which number the'freel.eittitigs amounted to. 01010.'1 Thai
Report, which was received with considerable applause, was
ordered to be printed and circulated.

The SPEAKER ascribed the mistake to the way in which
the votes were necessarily printed. . ,
• Sir JAMES 0 ltAliAbt, and other Members, bore testimony
to the general. accuracy of the printing of the vetes.
Mr. C. WILSON presented a petition from Cockennouth,
praying for the Abolition Of Slavery.
. . . . LONDON BRIDGE.
Mr. C. CALVERT presented a petition from Southwark,
complaining that..the New London Bridge which it was pro-
posed to build fourteen feet from the place whereat the present
bridge stood, would, if so built, prove greatly inconvenient to
them, and praying to be heard by Counsel against the Bill.—
.Ordered.
Mr. DUODALE presented a petition from the Chamber of
Commerce at Birmingham, in favour of an equilization of
Sugar .Duties.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MARItYATT presented a petition from the Ship
Owners of London connected with the Sugar Trade, praying
that the present Law respecting Sugar Duties might not be al-
tered.—Ordered to lie on the table.

The same lion. Member presented a - similar petition from
—......—........ .—._ _.. ________
-
Teigninouth, and another from the Planters of Trinidad.—Or.
dentd to he printed.
Sir A. CAM I'M lA, presented several petitions from Glas-
gow and its vicinity., to the same offect,-.-Ordered to be printed.
The same Honourable Ilkmber presented a petition from
Glasgow, against 'thb:•Duty on Sculpter.:.-Ordered to lie on
the table. _ ,

Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions from Bristol, against
the equalization of Sugar Dunes.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWNIAW presented a petition from Arma.gh.
praying that an effectual legal' remedy might be provided to
enable parents to sue persons who should seduce their daugh
ters.—Ordered to lie on the table.:
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition from Kild ire in fa-
vour of the abolition of slavery. The HMI. Member then-moved
for copies of all correspondence between -Government and Col.
Arthur, of „Gondar:is, respecting the treatment of Slaves.--;
Ordered.
Mr. 0 BOSS Err presented a
petition from the Planters of
St. Vincent againstithe equalization et' Sugarnuties.--Ordered
to lie on the table.

OA3III LAWS.
Lord 'MILTON presented u petition from the lion, and
itev. Mr, Hubert against the 'till now in progress, respeetiag
the of (lime. The pctlonwr in &moar, prayed tied
all persons might be allowed to kill game on their own I,tntis.
The Noble Lord said the subject was iiisetts.sed with great abi..
lity in the petition, and he recoinntended it to the attention of
every Member of the House.—Clrtlered to be printed.
11r. W. SMITH presented a petition from certain Herring
Curers, praying that no alteration *lit be made in the,pre.
sent Law relating to the, Sugar Do,ttes, as they Apprehended
that any injury to the West India volonies would atlbct their
ow a market Or the sele in that tpiarter.--Ordered to be'
print,d. .
BEER BILL. ,

Mr. HUME. presented a petitionfrom certain, Brewers of St.
Luke's, praying that the Beer Nil might he delayed.—Ordered
to lie on thetahie. •
Zdr. HUME presented a petition from a Shipmaster of
.Northumberiand, whose case he thought .was one of. great hit: -
ship. His ship wita seized for having some smuggled goods on
board, he :haul proved to the Xreasury that they were
secreted but
doln board without his knowledge, and the ship was
given up. Notwithstanding this he was prosecuted under the
Custom Laws, he hail received two notices , of trial, anti these
had been countermanded, by which he was put to considerable
expense. The whole amount of the: penaltiei sued for, 4,a4
14001. . Two other counts for penalties of 200!. each were
afterwards added to the information, on a charge of break-
ing bulk, or allowing goods .to be taken out, before: the ship
had entered harbour. '.l'he breaking italic consisted in allow-
ing two passengers, who were sick, to rbe, landed with their
luggage—on these last _ counts he was convicted. The Pr.
titioner complained of the bringing hint to,the eve of trial, on a
charge which he could resist, and then adding to the infortha-
tion, a charge which be could not resist. (Mr. Hume)
thought It a case for the lenient consideration; of his .3lajesty's
Oovernment. , .
The petition having been read,
The ArronNEY,.GEN KRAL said, the petitioner had
been treated with the greatest lenity.. The ship woe given up to
the Owners, because It was believed that they were not aware
of the conce.alment of the smuggled ankles. There never was
a doubt that.: the .Captain was tt participator. Ile was pro-
secuted ; and he himself petitioned ,to have the
.proceedings
stopptd. An additional count was inserted in the information,
in save him front an additional prosecution to wrier he h„,l
exPosed himself; for breaking bulk. If he had had no defence
.as to this. charge, why did he attempt to makeany ? But the
. fact was, that he was ,convicted upun the whole charge.
The
coontennand .of each notice ter, trial took • place, in cease.
quence of his own petitionatircurnstance he had evidently,
Hon.. Member. ,
concealed from.the H ;

Haiti, it had not been. proved that the Teti-
timer was privy to the concealment of the Ibrtuagigled gootts.-.-
The-merits of the'case ought to have beeminquired iutti.Aihen
he iwesented his first petition. Ile trustedsorno consideration
would be ihewrs him notwithstanding, the verdict.
Mr. TRE.51.4 YNE spokUa few words. (we believe) in' fa.
your of the petition.
11tr. II E said, if the man had hiinself prayed for; the
delay, he heti no ground to statui,tvon—he was at,tht..t. mercy
of. the-Crown. ;
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. II LISKISSON presented a petition from the West India
Merchants of Liverpool against the equalization of Sugar

little hesitntion in proceeding to examine it. The object of the.
standing order was to prevent unnecessary, unwise, and pretti
pitate restraints from being imposed upon trade, but could not
be understood as refetting to Bills which proposed to take off
restraints. Indeed had he thought, when the order was first
proposed, that any other meaning than that which'he had men-
tioned would be attributed to the order, he would have noposed
its being adopted by the House. lie had long satin that House,
and heard Gee/eminent reproached and taunted for not availing
themselves.of their influence to remove restraints uptin Coins
merce.; and now, when the Government were proposing such
a measure, he thought it a little hard that they were mere by
objections of this sort. Ile approved of the motion for ap-
pointing a Select Committee. .
Sir R. FERGUSON completely agreed in opinion -with the
Right lion. Gentleman who had last spoken, and the Right
lion..llover. llc thought this interpretation of".the standing
order was perfectly correct ; and if it was not, the sooner that
order was blotted froM the order book the better. As to the
observation of the Member for Yorkshire, upon the. Bill rela-
tive to the stamping oflinen, he begged to observe that he was
well acquainted with the, persona most interested in' that men..
.sore, and that they approved of the Bill. The only diversity
of opinion on the subject was, that which was between the
nianufacturers and the stamp masters, who were likely to lose
their places.
Mr. S. WORTLEY explained. lie would, when the Bill
in question Caine on tar discussion, be fully able to. reflite the
:statement of the Gallant General.
Mr. CALCRA FT said that the Right Hon. the Chancellor
of the Fiche:quer having caught a little fire from his (Mr. V.'s),
side of the heels, with regard to liberal measures, appeared
to desire to run on , head over heels, in spite of the standing
Orders of the Rouse. Ile appeared to treat these orders as im-
pediments ; but they were no more impediments then the first
itud second reading, and the committal of a Bill were. The
standing order in question was no More than one of the stages
of a, Bill' Of this description The Right nom Gentleman
needed not to fear that these on his (Mr. (2..'.5) side of the House
weee..deeirous of potting a bridle upon him 'in his course of
liberal measures. There was no fear of the Right 'lion. Gentle.:
man Mill-
wry going on too fast. Ile had pressed the Naval and
tensions' Bill' against all sense and reason, anti he might;
perhaps, now want to take credit to himselffor having given up
the Lottery. Ile (Ur, C.) believed, however, that the Lottery
'hall given up the 'light Hon. Oentletnan, and thatgood bidders
could not be obtatnetl.--(The Chancellor of the Exchequer
here dissented).--There certainly had been- a report that there
Iva.; much hesitation on the last bidding. To return, however,
to the question before the house..,-( Hear, hearl'and a laugh.)_
lie did not sec the necessity tbr appointing a Committee to con.;
!icier what was already so very clear. believed that the
standing order was framed for this very' case ; .but if the House
appeared to think the appointment of it Committee a proper
course, he should not oppose the motion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER explained.
Ile could assure the Honourable Cientleman that .the liesita-
lion on occasion of the Lottery Bidding, to. whreh. he, bad
alluded, was neither more nor less titan a pause of Omit five
miuutes.
'BROUGHAM hoped ho was not one of those. who
would be taunted as throwing impediments in the way of the
liberal measures of Ministers, for it happened that he aoprosed
highly of the principle of the bill affected by this standing ors
tier, and shonld give it every support. Be rejoiced much in
ate amversionpf some of the Right Non: Members opposite to
the, doctrines which those on his side of the House had ea long
and so unsuccessfully impresstd upon them. The Mest
trio is convert was the Chancellor, of the Exchegiter, and the
'next to him in lustre was the Right Hon.. the President of the
Board of trade. lie should be able to prove the convereion,.
in some ropectat .of the Chancellor of 'the Exchequer, though
he feared that Right lion. Getaleman would not shew it in his
lite and cOrmtsation. Indeed the President of the. Board of
Trade had long since confessed his conversion to those doc-
trines, though tie would not vote in favour.of them. Ile now
chine to the question-4A laugh)—whieh it seemed to be the
fa4tion to take lust. Ile was acquainted with the history of
the Order,
,and he feared it war, irons the on inteution of
its iotrodocers, an obstacle iu the way of -the present
But .he did not,wish hastily to decide upon a point suimportant
as it was its the present instance, anti thought it was better to
:refer the matter to a Select Committee, with which he hoped his
lion. Friend would be satisfied.
Lord 311LTON-tlionght the straight forward course was, to
refer the Bill to a Select Committee, in confotuliT with the
Standing Orders of the* Ilbuse, end leave the question of the
miming of the Standing Order in dispute to be settled in any
other way, or at any future time.
awfutop was sorry to see the Right Hon. Gentle-.
man opposite so Muelkdaiinted, by obstacles, and he noSorttl-
hiin he coultVnot..o on with the management of the concerns
of die country if lie were'to be impeded by smell OPPeeititon--
Ile hosted he would perseme in the course he had -Iron, and
.sueceed in ricld tl,them of. some of those obooxiqui laws which
.stood irtt e way, of die prosperity of. the country,
Mr.*etotary,CANNl4N6 said, that. Isis Right 1 on. Friend
only copipleteed that instead of being supported in the KO-
pmtion for an alteration of the old system, be was taunted
because *Atilt: elitism which existed in that which he come for-

. _
Mr. F. BUXTON observed, that after having debated.many
subject*, it might nut be amiss to .ask -the Right lion. Gentle-
man opposite whether he meant to take a coarse which -should
grant the petitioners what they desired.-oo be heard by.Gotta-
sel against this Bill.
Mr. HUSKISSON said, that in his view it *as necessary
that a Committee should be appointed upon this .statirling
order, for if that Cotnmittee declared against the:-view, Jae
(Mr. IL) took of it, the Bill having been irregOlarly brought
in must fall. Otherwise he had no objeetion to give those
who4hought it prejudicial to Abair interests an opportunity of
being heard. • •
Mr. P. MOORE gave it as his opiniott that the disputed
point about the order should be settled immediately. His opi-
nion,was, that it did not afflict this BilL But he was particu-
larly interested in it, because he had been insuumental. to .re-
moving many Acts from the Statute Bunk which.were•adis-
grace to it.
The question was then put, and carried in the aaraiative,
and a Committee appointed to sit to-morrow.
AUSTRIA • AND SWITZEIt LAND.
Mr. BROUG HA 51 said, that seeing the Right Hun. Secre-
tary for Foreign Affairs in his place, -he wisher.!. him a
question, founded upon intelligence whiCh._hati reacted la in
from sources of information which, if not aothentic, 'were -at
least entitled to great attention. His information.relacetl to al-
leged occurrences respecting Switzerland, and was ii further.ap-
parent development of the system of the Iloly Alliance, Not-
withstanding all that the Swiss Cantons had clinie to eourt the
favour and avert the anger of the peatslliettPowersi b,y,re-
fusing a domicile within their territory to those polkas:xi re-
fugees who sought an asylum ivithio them front the peraeco-
thin of their own Governments—notwithstanding this,. tlissie
Allies were said to be engaged in measures towards Switur-
land, which, if all or even any part of them. were•founded, far-
nished serious cause of alarm at the present crisis. -Ile :sashed
to ask if any, and what communication had been made by the
Austrian Government to the Cantons of Switzerland—at least,
to one or more, if not to 411 of them--having for its object the
imposition of material changes in the internal condition of
these Cantons. One of these changes was said to be the offer
of the Protectorate of an Austrian Archduke ; and, not that
Austria was willing to extend her care to the ,Swiss States poli-
tically,. but also ecclesiastically—that she wished to .assutrie
spiritual as well as temporal jurisdicton over them, end to dic-
tate a change in the ecclesiastical constitution of the cantons,
by nominating the Catholie,Bishops in these Protestant states.
This alteration, if not insisted upon, was, he had heard, at
least proposed. The cession.. of Geneva to the King of Sar-
dinia was also mentioned as a part of the new propositions.—
The whole, or • a part of these demands had, as he was in-
formed, been communicated to the French Government, and
they were asked if they would like. to see thehrintenee and
power of Austria predominate in Switzerland., - The reply of
the French Government was, as he understood, that certainly
it was against their wishes, their interest, and, their ancient
policy, to see such a predominating power established in. Swit-
zerland ; but it was still less their .wish to.see such a neigh:
booting territory situated as it now was.-natnely, to have Swit-
zerland made the focus of jacobinism. These were the reports
which had reached him, and he had since he entered this hciuse
heard, that a noble person had in another xilatleassltich he could
Tint regularly. name, inquired whether hia,Majestyie Govern.,
meat were informed of any treaty: signed last :March by the
three Allied Powers, itprin. which was founded the intended

military occupation of '.Switzerland by 'Austria. Ills (Mr.
Brougham's) information did not go so far as this treaty, or she
military occupation to be founded uporat s but even the least
part of the lesser statement, if founded in fact, was much too
much now to be told. It showed clearly enough the character
of the great Allied Powert, and gave a foretaste of Abe bitter
fruits Of the policy of this country. in abdicating, as they had
unfortunately done, the power of using. an :effectual interposi-
tion for the maintenance of international freedom._
Mr. CAN If the least pan of the lesser statement
of
the lion. andl,earned Gentleman is much too ;numb for him
to tell, it may be is satisfaction for, him tokaiuw., that that knit
part is touch mote that his Alikjeatjrislioterskinottarta informed
trfi'''--(1-lear.i) • • •
nu: GREEKti AND TURKS.
Mr. DUNE said, it had been reported that Ilritish ezoisers
had upon several occasions of late not respected .tho Greek flag
In. the actual blockade of somegl'utkish ports' and bad gage arr
far as to compel Greek ships td give up Englith vessels which
they had taken in the act of conveying supplies to Turkish forts.
He hoped at least that the British GoVernment would net an
:equal part between, the .:Greeks and, Turks in. the present

Mr. CANNING said, that in one or two instances the Go-
vernment had been informed of a violation (;$f the Greek block.,
ado, but that, in one instance especially, which, eame.to their
knowledge a tbrtnight ago, they had immediately sent out most
positive ortirrtl that the 'British cruisers should respect alike the
blockadesot' both power& • .
SUGAR DUTIES.

Mr. ELLIS presented a petition from persons in Landon; on.
netted with the \Vest India Colonies, against the equalization
of the Duties on East and'lVest India Sugar.—Laid on, the
table.
Mr. A STELL presented a peution from the East India COM,
pally, praying for the equalization of the Sugar Duties, the
production of the two Coleniee.—Ordered to beprinted.
• Mr. N. WII,LIAMS presented A similar petition from the
Merchants of Calcutta.
Mr. MONEY impressed upon the Honer the consideration
due to this petition, as the first coming.frotn British India. By
the machinery of this country we had deprived thelbitisli pos•
sessions in that quarter of ..the globe of the wale they formttly
had in many articles especially the calico trade. The ,East
Indies, however, had lessened the coat of production of sugar
below that of the 'West Indies. Even-handed, justice, there-
fore, demanded, on the part of the. Mother Country, to allow to
these petitioners the advantage of tunier-seUirtg where they had
acquired.the power of doing so. • -
Mr. T.,'WILSON hoped, the House would not fall into the
error of supposing; that the Calico Trade of India had been taken
a any by this country. It .was 010 effect of wia,, and no-
thing doe which had been the cause of it. . .
After a few words from AuTti.t. and Mr. BaroitT, the
petition was read, and ordered tulle on the table. •
CHIEF. BARON.-11I.ELANO.

Mr. S. RICE gave notice of hhiv intention to tetleent the
pledge he had given relative to chief Byron O'OrtatirOn thu
27th instant.

SHERIFF OF DUBLIN.

Sir ROBERT HERON said, it might be useful for the
Douse to know what was • the real date of the Inquiry into the
conduct of the sheriff of Dublin. There Wat'upwaTitr‘ of fifty
witnesses in town bete at great expenee, 'and but ft:* of then►
likely to be of any benefit to the public. "He alluded-to the
little progress that had been made nr the latter exartinationti.
No dal was open, as appeared to him, fpr the tOntilltilltiOß
of the inquiry, and under these circumstances it was highly
expedient that the 11Ouite should come to. some decision as to
itsfuture conduct of it. He should be ghtd to see the end of the
matter.

Col. BARY said, that so far from the latter days havingc
been unproductive, he believed he should be able to slim that
on the last day the moat irriportant points bad come out. Fur
his part he did his best to conduct bit •share of the bosiness„
and Should certainly be glad to See flni#ted.
Sir ROBERT HERON thug uufl trimn to refer to the lion.
I,yolge generally. IVoulti 'Monday next do tbr
him to resume
Alt. ,11.1ERCROAIRV thought that many persons had to
complain a the unpleasant state to which thin irattiiry bad hew
brought. Alinistent had at first deferred all subjects to dill.,
arid now it was lingering, and thristiened still farther to encroach
upon those aubjects which bad Wert postrined to it. He' did
hope it woad, not be allowed to ,oapirtta natural death, but that
tatinething vigorous would yet be tiotte in it.
141. RA rr •sztit I, that if tb Ilu :1. told 01-allsof tXtdottel
did not hit/titer iiropote some day, he_ should take the seise of
the dons upon the subject, and Whig it to tvn. tsxue.
colariti l RAI, &aid. tie tied iteitvr Or*itiAtt the' discus-
-"lotto) any orwilitavi ; but he.was ttiaays reedy' meat,,those
witneues had iatendtd every day, the Inquiry
was on the 1,144 t.
Mr. ( LtlitA Fit rare notice that lie would, to-morrow at
five o'clock, make a motion to determine whether the I

-would drop the matter altogether, or go on with it. I. was
-quite intolerable in itspresent state.
NEW WRIT.
Mr. STUART WORTLEY moved that the Speaker do
issue his writ for the election of a new Member for the borough
of Bossiney, in Cornwall, in the room of the Hon. John Wm.
Ward, lately called to the Upper House as Viscount Dudley
and Ward—Ordered.
HALF PAY OFFICERS IN IRELAND.
General (MSCOYNE, in rising to submit a motion" for an
Address to his Majesty, praying that he would be graciously
pleased to direct that the warrant of the 6th of March last,
issued by the Secretary at War, be reconsidered, and that payi-
men ts to Half-pay Officers in Ireland be paid in British currency,
'
said he was aware that to induce the Crown to exert its inter-
ference in this case., very strong grounds must be laid for such
an address.' He begged to assure his Noble Friend (Lord Pal-
merston) that by this motion he meant not to impute any thing
to him-which might seem to deeogate from his well-known 'fthi-
'l icy and zeal inahe discharge ofhis official duties.. ( The Hon. and
taallant (len. -then explained the principles upon which his mo.
ti on was founded ; but the noise prevailing in the gallery prevent-
ed us from hearing him with any distinctness.) As the regulation
:Lc present ex isted,reeidence in Irel an d alone constituted the ground
• , ofclistinction made between'officersonballpay in Ireland and half-
e.' pay officers in any other country. So far from officers in Ire-
land being paid in inferior currency, they should rather have a
bountygiven them for residing intheir own country,and expending;
• their half-pay among their own countrymen.—(Cheers.)-:-Supe
• pore the case of two officers, in the same regiment, and each
having the misfortune to lose a limb: he who retired to Ire.
land was, in fact' to receive the less allowance because he chose
to reside in Ireland.—(Hear, heari. ) Could any thing be
more hard or more .unjust' than that a sort. of penalty should
-attach to' him who retired to his native home ?—( Hear !)
The saving to be effected by this arrangement was very small
. (he understood, it 'to amount to 7,8001. in site whole ; but
swhen The Chancellor of the Exchequer had so lately
given up taxes to the amount of hundreds of thousands of
•. pounds, in order to induce and encourage residence in Ireland,
tairely this arrangement was at once most inconsistent and most
impolitic. The use was one of greater severity, when it was
considered that while officers on our half-pay, who enteted
into the service of any of the Foreign Powers—and Perhaps
of those who were silted against the liberties of Spain,-(Hear,
hear:l).-Austria, or Russia for example—were paid in British
• currency, Ireland alone was the invidious exception which sub-
jected them to the loss arising from a depreciated currency. If
the regulation was meant to be defended on the ground that
the superior cheapness of provisions in' Ireland was to be Consie
tiered, the principle ought to be carried farther, .and extend:.
ed to those who lived' in Wales, in the north of England, or
in any other part of the empire where the necessaries of life
were sold at a:reasonable rate. He moved " That an humble
• -address be presented to his'Majesty, praying that he would be
graciously pleased to give directions that the warrant issued on
the 6th of March last be reconsidered, and that the payment
cif the half-pay pensions and allowances of the officers in the
• ••army and marines, resident in Ireland, be continued to be paid
in'Britieh currency as heretofore."
Lord,PALAIERSTON said, that the House ought to.take
care not to he led away by individual cases, and neutralize in
detail those measures of economy WhiCh they were constantly,
insisting., upon in 'principle. He recollected. well, that the
Gallant Officer had, on one occasion, voted in- support of an
augmentation of the pay of the army, and on a subsequent oa-
casion said,. that lie thought the liberality of Parliament had
: exceeded the bounds of discretion. To a certainty the Irish
eetablishment had been formed upon principles of great libera.
' lity. There were duplicates of' almost all the offices in the
English establishment. The salary and allowances were all
paid in the Irish currency. The half-pay was usually paid in
English money. But all the fixed offices were paid in Irish
currency. The principle which determined the mode of
settling the half-pity was most absurd,: as it depended on
the place at which the regiment was quartered at the time
• of the appointment to the lielf-pay. This regulation was
• full of inconvenience and incongruity. It might, happen
that two officers of the same regiment, with nearly equal
periods of service, would settle in the same villains, one. re-
ceiving his half-pay in English, the other in Irish currency.
:The inconvenience to *widows was excessive, as- they had to
remove, sfor the receipt of their pensions, according to the
destination of the regiment, with which they no longer held
any necessary connexion. I f the motion were justifiable in the
case of half:pay, it was still more so in .regard to full pay 01.
vets on service in Ireland ; for' thby acted compulsory or.
dres—the half.pay officers upon their own will. J'odens—thewill. extend
the principle equally to both would cause an increased exej
pence of 127,000/. a-year—upon the war establishment 237,0001
But the principle of the warrant was first fixed in 1110 ; and it
not only had good sense and reason on its hide, but the firmer
ground of a distinct Act of Parliament. lie agreed that it
would be unjust not to exempt from its operation those officers
who hail entered into permanent arrangements on the faith of
existing; regulations g and while he put a negative against the
conaented to some measure of exemption in favour
those persons..
Sir .1.. N BW PORT said, that much was gained by the mo-
tion, in the admission of the Noble herd as to themeasonable-
.ness of the, exemptions to which lie had ulltnied ; but lie did
- think the measure itself in any way justifiable anti it was
peculiarly severe in regard to the pensions of the Widows.
After a short conversation, in which Sir :H.,Viviaat, Mr.
ONATTAN, Mr. C. lIITTCIIINsON, 11r. Iltratr, Sir C. LONG,
and Colonel DAVIS participated, '
General GASCOYNE said he would consent to withdraw
fits =den, in the hope that the Noble Lord opposite would
redeem the pledge Which he had given.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. PLUMMER presented a petition from the Council and
• Assembly of the Island of Nevis, praying that the protecting
-duty on East India sugat might not be repealed.
EAST it Ni) WEST INDIA SUGAR DUTIES.
Mr. W. WHITMORE, in rising to move for the appoint.
wont or& Committee to inquire into the Duties paid on East and
West India Sugars, regretted that a motion so important had not
een brought forward by some Member. possessed of greater abi.
/4, greater weight, and of fonger standing in that House. His
only motive for entering upon it was this, that if he had not done
• •so,. he feared the subject would:not have been duly investigated.
lie should divide what he had to say under three heads. In the
first place, he would discuss the question with reference to the,
interests of the consumers. In the second, with reference to the
East Indies ; and in the third, with reference to the West fn-
diem. With respect to the first, he thought it was not necessary
the him to trespass long on the time of the. House to prove that
the consumer had a right to obtain his ,Sugar on the best Fos-
' sible terms, and that this right ought not to be interfered with
but on considerations of grave importance, Ile proceeded to
mike the prices contended for as remunerating prices by the
West Jodie Merchants, and the amount of duty charged on
sugars. Taking the lowest estimate of the consumption it
would he= fallati that i 40,000 tons were annually demanded,—
Ile estimated that on these the public paid a duty of 1,600,000/.
Tier annum. That duty, looking at the circumstances which
might be expected shortly to arise, would, he anticipated, ere
long be increased to upwards of 2,000,000/. With respectap
India," he WAS persuaded that some Measure favOurable to
its produce 'mum sooner or later be adopted. It this were
not done our dominions in the East would he in danger.—
, Doctor Robertson, had described the ancient trade with
India to have been carried on by the importation of' drugs,
t. spices, and iitbercommoditiee •from that country, and by the
exportation of bullionfrom Europe. Such the trade had been
for centuries, and such it continued down to the opening of
the free trade. Several revolutions had taken place in India-
but notwithstanding theitipse of ages, and the change of
-dynasty, no alteration in the commerce between India and
Europe had taken place down to the period to which he had
referred. The opening of the free 'trade to India had produced
one of the !greatest revolutions in ceinmerce which had ever oc-
curred, and India had been found to offer ft mart for sodafrom tilta country such as could. scarcely have. been imagined
by the most sanguine speculator"on the talvanteites to be de-
rived from the; measure. To sliew bow rapidly the trade in.
• creased, ho would state, that the amount of woollens exported
in the year, ending January 1015, a%ts 1,031,43,1/. In the year
ending ,January .71022, thin exports at' woollens amounted to
• 1,421,6491. But the most remarkable increase wiliell'had taken
•Fl.ttee., wig the incretee ins the export of cotton in a manufne-
tured state. 'rho value of these was, in 181 a; 1.09,488 t. in 1822,
the exports of manufactured cotton Amounted to 1,122,3351.,'
being an inereaac Within that short period of more than one
million in value. 'When lie reflected oil the situation of India,
and the low. friCeB iii that country, it appeared to him most
extraordinary, that, V means of our steam engines, and:our
• power-looms, British trailers were enabled to import the raw
• material front India, and sublequently esport It in a manufitee'
turod-state at such IoW prices as to undersell the native rittutti-
l.facturer. .This lie considered
.One of. the most extraordinary
triumphs of skill, and industry which had. ever been known in
• any country. .But while exulting in this triumph, they ought
not to, forget the effects which it produced i l hulls. He be-
lieved the native manufactories in the neighbourhood of. the
Presidenceg' which had existed from the earliest periods,
had been, destroyed. This alight prove a blessing or a curse
to India, as that House should detennine. It might prove a
blessing if they, gave encouragement to 'the consumption
of those articles •w tick the natives of India could produce
with advantage. to themselves and .benefit to others; but these
being excluded-from English consumption, than the destruc-
tion of their iiutnufactories, he did not scruple to say, there'
had never biten cornmittel an act of greater injustice and
atrocity. The sittnition .of India was not unlike the former
situation of ,Ifeland. , Before -the 'American war Irish pro-
=duce was not, allowed to conic into this country. -Mutt
.was the reoult? Why, in the midst ofa diaastrous war, Ire.

land claimed her HA: with the bayonet, and an Act then
passed which the House had previously refused to sanction,
under which the produce of her soil could be brought here.
Could it be supposed that the same line of conduct pursued in
,India would lead to a differcnt result. lie considered that it
would be as unjust as it .was unwise to Itssume this *or the
unwarlike character of the nadirs. Did not the existoice of
our Indian empire depend. on thesepoys' arms%--on the feelings;
of the population, and on the native bayonets._ These turned
against us, our empire could not last for a day! It must perish,t-
-" And, like•thehaseless fabric of rs-Vision,
:Leave not a wreck behind."
It was supposed by tome that there was no danger of foreign
invasion. But India had formerly been invaded; Supposing
a second ; Alexander, overcoming another Darius, should find
himself on the banks of the Hydaspes, he would ask if no
danger was to be apprehended from the natives availing them-
selves of the opportunity thus offered of shaking off the yoke
which the conduct of England had - made intolerable ? He
would say that they oughtuot to trust with too much secnrity,
to the peculiar character of the people, or sooner or later
,they
would rue their impFdence. In the present instance that,
change.which besought was as much called for by our own
interests, as by the obligation of justice and religion.. He
would ask, if the loss of our trade with India could be
contemplated with indifference? The importance of that
trade, if under-rated here, was not under-rated abroad. He
• had never spoken with a foreigner respecting the East In-
dies, who did not attach the highest importance to it, yet, never
had a trade been so overlooked as this had been. He thought
every man must feel the importance of increasing, as much as
possible, the general commerce .of the country. Who could
look at the distress lately known, and at the seeds of future
distress, now faintly discernible, without feeling, that to in-
crease our trade, if possible, was a positive duty. There
would be no difficulty in the way of increasing our trade in In.
if this country would take in return what India could pro..
duce: But this princple must be admitted, or the 'present
trade. could not continue. If India offered a fair pros-.
pect of an increase of trade, no, man could deny its im-
portance. This must be the more felt when the house re-
membered the inducements held out in various quarters to
transfer capital (rota this country to places where it might be
more advantageously employed. He had stated that the an-
cient commerce with India led to the exportation of bullion
from Europe, but in consequence of the changes which had
taken place bullion was now drasin from India. It was quite
clear that this could not last long.. Bullion was not the pro.
duce of India—it had always been carried thither from Europe
and therefore it was quite clear that a trade which brought-bul!
lion thence must shortly stop. With regard to the Nt est In-
dies, it was said that they had a right to the continuance of this
duty.. He asked them what right, and they said the right of
charter. ,But looking back to the duties which had here-
tofore existed, he saw nothing like the recognition of any
such charter. He found that the duties were the same for
the East as the West Indies, and sometimes even below,
down to the year 1707. He then found that there was an
ad valorem duty of 37/. 10s., and when the price of sugar
was low, this duty would be a lower one for the East In?
dies than for the iVest. In 1003 the duties were altered ;
but. there was no protection given until 1013, at the time of
opening the trade. Then a duty of ten shillings was certainly
put on ; . but he was convinced that it was put on without
that grave consideration which the subject deserved. To those
who demanded the continuation of the duty as a part of the
Colonial system, he would say, that them was now nothing left
of that system.--(H hear !)—There was nothing of it left
but that part which ao'mpelled the Colonies to consume our
manufacture. And it should be remembered, that we exported
to the East Indies as well as to the West. When the altera.

don of these Duties should take place, and he knew they
would, sooner or later, he trusted that the ghost of the Colonial
system—every remains—the last shadow of it, would be en-
tirely destroyed.—(Hear, hear !)—But even supposing a Char.
ter to exist, which he wholly denied, it would tbrin no insur-
mountable objection. Of all the Charters for which the people
of this country might have been supposed to be anxious, and
ready to stickle, be should have thought that one, the first
which gave to agriculture the protection of excluding Irish pro.
duce from our markets previous to 1806. Yet that restriction was
removed, and it wax to the honour of the agricultural classes, that
now in the time of their great distress not a word had been heard
in that House, and scarcely out of it, complaining of the measure.
It was said that the time was ill chosen for making the pro-
position, when the %Vest Indian Planters were in so much dis.

tress. He felt as deeply as any man fur that distress, and he
should be the last to propose any thing which he thought would
increase it. But be was convinced that it sprung from other
causes, and that monopoly would give them no relief. In his
opinion, before they would acquire prosperity, a change in
their system was necessary. And if the House would give
him leave to chew that he did not say this without supposing
the change practicable, ha would state in what he thought the
change ought to consist. They must abolish their system of
slavery. While it continued they never could compete with
the produce of estates cultivated by flee labourers. This had
been exemplified in all ages, and was not only the assertion of
political economists, but of every historian who treated of the
subject. In Russia the same effect
.might be traced, in Po.
land, and in South America. Mr. Cox spoke of a Polish
Nobleman who unfranchised seven villages, and in ten years
the produce of his estates was trebled. It might be said that
this would not apply toehe West Indian Colonies; but he was
prepared with a case in point, where Mr. Steele pursued the
same course upon an estate in Barbadoes, and with exactly the
same result that the produce of Isis estate was trebled. He un-
derstood it to be the intention of Ministers to meet his motion
by giving up the five bbilline duty. But he should not cam-
promise the question; and it the. Committee were not granted,
he should feel it his duty to divide the house. He was not
calling upon Members to take off those duties, but only to in-
quire and see what could be done upon the subject. He ac,.
cordingly moved " That a Select Committee be appointed
to inquire into the Duties payable on East and West India
Sugar. '
Mr. C. R. ELMS, after complinicnting the talent of the
Hon. Mover, said, that this was not a. question of detail, but
one of state policy,- of high principle, of vested intereats and
of antecedent obligations. It was whether they should en-
tieely destroy the West India Sugar Colonies, and all the herein
British interests connected with them, for the purpose of en:
couraging certain new
,East Indian epeeultstione.—(Hear !)!
This was the real practical question for the House to decide,
when the subject was divested of those collateral topics with
which it had been mixed up in former debates, and particu.
larly that of the principles of free mule. He did not intend
to deny the soundness of those prin:iples, but he reected their
application to this case. The Hon. Member asked for the
equalization of the duties on East and West India Sugars, but
lie said nothing about taking oft' the duties on foreign sugars.—
( Hear, hear !)—All that the East India Gentlemen asked for
was, not the ado)Stion of the principles of free trade but for
the transfer. of a monopoly.—(Hear, . hear !)—With regard
to the Colonial system, being catabliebed, it would neither be
sound Isolicy nor justice to destroy it. The Colonies were
established to favour British commerce and manufactures, and,
the exclusive supply between thein'and the country was mu-
tual. We compelled them to take no other manufactures than
our own, and the taking their sugars exclusively, was a consi-
deration for value received. What the West Indians claimed
Was, that no other British subjects should have this right, who
were not subjected to the same conditions, The East India trade
was not placed under the same restrictions, and had not there-
fore the same right to protection. The Hon. Member then enu-
merated the restrictions- which still remained and said they were
inconvenient, and onerous to the cohiniest, and greatly enhanced
the value of their prodtice: The Hon. Mover had said that he
was ready to remove those restrictions ; and he should not be
surprised if many other East India Gentlemen said the same.
He was not addressing himself to them, but to that part of the
House who were disinterested in the question, and. particularly
to the Members of the Government, whose duty it was to look
'with impartiality to the protection of all the interests in the
State. In the Colonies a capital of 1W) milieus had been em-
barked; and the Importation of a large population of negroes
had been 'sanctioned 'by Parliament, who had now prevented
the planters from removing them. At the late peace the Go-
vernment annexed by treaty the colonies of Demerara,' Ber-
bice Trinidad, Tobage,. which treaty was confirmed by Par-
liament, thereby pledging' them:4olmi to the support of the
colonial system. Would they so soon after turn round anti
say, that the colonies afforded no commercial advantages:,
and that the planters should no longer have employneent
for the negroes which they had so imported ? Were they
prepared to give up the means of keeping up a large mer-
cantile navy, which had so much contributed to maintain
our mercantile superierity ? In the Colonies there was now
population mll°llllol* to seven or eight hundred thousand, and
isitd the Hon. Gentleman reflected upon what was to become of
these negroes ?—( Hear, hear ! ) —Could any other profitable em-
ployment be found for them P And if nut, what must be the
consequence of their want of employment ? Had Hon. Gentle.
men considered whet relation this country must after Wards
bear to these Colonies ? Must they be kept as military stations,
or would they, after the ruin of the planters was consummated,
leave them to the negree3, or allow them to connect themselves
with any othercountry ? He confessed that these were alterna.
tives which startled his imagination, and be trusted that the
House would not place itself in a situation which would solve
the problems. He had thought
_proper to state these as the
j groundi which in his opinion ustified his vote in negativing the
motion. e( Hear, hear
Mr. K. DOUGLAS said, that be sbould be very well con-
tented to rent the question upon the able reply of his Hon.
Friend. He thought the House should pause before they broke
down suelf.vast interests, and examine what they really were.
By returns upon the table of the house it appeared, that the

amount paid for manufactures annually exported from this
country to the West India Colonies, was three millions and a
half ; that they were carried by 1,585 ships, of 438,000 tons ef
tonnage, and manned by 23,700 men. The Hon. Member
contended, that if the restrictions were removed, East India
was not a country whose capacity for trade with this country,
was equal to that of the West India Colonies. In the branches
of the cotton trade, America had distreised India in our mar..
,ket, and this was another proof of her want of capacity to trade.
was perfectly persuaded, by every view he could take of the
2question, that it would bemost cruel, most unjust, and most
unwise, to break down the interests which we had established
with so much difficulty and advantage, and he should therefore
give his most hearty negative to the motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON contended that the state of Society in
India was inimical to the labour necessary for the cultivation
of sugar. Be described the lower classes of the Indians as
bein,„7 so abject as to consider life a burden. It appeared from
the Lords' Report upon the Silk Trade that in India they had
three crops in a- year, while the Italians had only one : yet so
inactive were tittle animals,' that they could not compete with
Italy in her silks. At the time of the French Revolution the
cultivation of Sugar in St. Domingo was abandoned, and the
price consequently rose to an enormous amount. This induced
the East India Direct Ors to encourage the cultivation of sugar,
and an affluent Company was formed at Bengal, who were to
supply this Company with sugar. Mit the fact was, that they
were not able to supply themselves, and China and Batavia
imported sugars into Madras and Bombay. The Hon. Member
opposed the motion at some length.
Mr. RICARDO said, that if any Gentlemen were alarmed
at the proposition of his Honourable Friend, they must have
been greatly consoled by the speech of the Hon. Member who
hadjust opposed it; for he proved that no injury could be done
to the West Indies by allowing the, competition of the East.—
The Hon. Member for Sandwich had supported political eco-
nomy, and be should contend on that speech that there was no
danger from admitting East India sugar into the market. The
speech he alluded to was made in.lBoo. The argument on that
occasion was,.that there was no danger from admitting East In-
die sogars whilst the price was below the price in the Conti-
nental market. The Hon. Member then read an extract from
the speech of the Hon. Member for Sandwich, from which he
inferred that East India sugar was to be admitted into the
market. Unless the object of the Hon. Gentleman was to limit
the quantity of East India sugars, and thereby insure a re-
munerating price for West India sugar' he knew not what the
lion. Member meant. It was Said they had made a com-
pact with the Planters of the West Indies. He knew not what
that compact was. He could not conceive any country was
bound to enter into a compact against public advantage. If
any such compact had been made it ought to be rescinded.—
The Honourable Member for Dumfries thought the country
would lose all the duties to be derived from the West India
sugar trade. He did not wish to sacrifice the interest of the
I% est -India Colonies. If they could prove any breach of
faith, he should not support the adverse interest, but he
could not consider that to be the case. How could sugar be
imported from the East Indies without giving the produce of
our industry ? The same support would be given to our in»
dustry if sugar paying duties was imported from the East or
West Indies ; the revenue could not be reduced, as Gentlemen
contended. Upon what ground could the growers of sugar in
the West Indies dahlia separate right to bring their sugar into
the market? if they allowed corn from Ireland to compete
with the. produce of agriculturists in England, why should not
our Colonists In the East Indies compete with the Planters of
the West Indies ? Then it was said, what was to become
of 700,000 slaves in the West Indies ? He was satisfied the
services of these slaves would not be lost. If the Planters
could not employ them one way they would another. He
thought the admission of East India sugar would be an advan-
tage rather than a misfortune to the Black population. Be
again cited the pamphlet of the Hon. Meraber for Sandwich,
and contended there was no ground to withstand the introduc-
tion of East India sugar. The Hon. Member for Sandwich
proved very clearly that an open market for sugar would be to
the advantage of the Revenue. In 1802, the Island of Cuba
grew coffee only, Which prosied that Planters could grow other
articles than sugar. The Hon. Member concluded by profess-
ing himself an advocate for free trade.
Mr. MARRYATT defended the 'West India interest. Those
who argued strenuously in support of free trade did not hold
the same argument in Leadenhall-street. The fact was, they
came to argue for free trade with the profits of monopoly in
their pockets He had been charged with not being a political
economist. He was a determined advocate for the mainte-
nance of trade and our Naval power. Trade was a nursery
for seamen, and the exceptions he drew from political eco.
nomy in favour of Colonial trade were just. He was ready to
contend that the growers 'of East India sugar ought to carry
sugar to all parts of Europe with advantage, but to force their
produce into the English market would be attended with great
injury to the Neat India Planter. If they made ;t impossible
for the West India Planters to give their negroes freedom, they
would defeat the object of improvement in the condition of the
slaves. Competition with the British Planter in the sugar
Market would force so much sugar into cultivation in the West
Indies, that the slaves would be overworked, and have no op.
portunity to preparc.for a state of freedom. They had been
told of the advantages the British. Ship-owners would derive
from the admission of this new sugar trade. The East India
Company, in recent resolutions, had, however, made arrange.
merits with respect to the ships to be employed in the East
India trade, which must defeat the expectation in favour of
Ship-owners. He opposed the proposition for inquiry, consi-
dering that course quite useless.
Mr. _RICARDO,. in explanation, said, he had never derived
the least benefit froM. monopoly.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said the subject was one of great
importance, .and that importance would be increased should
the House proceed to inquiry. The Hon. Member for Seaford
had argued that inquiry would be injurious tq the West Indies.
If that was so, the Committee would be cautious in opposing
the interest of the NVest India planters; but his opinion was
that enquiry would lead to much practical good. He admitted
with the Hon. Member for Portarlington, that the Sugar 'rrade
in the West Indies would not be injured by the introduction of
East India sugar, but the fact did not rest upon individual
assertion, it was matter of enquiry. As to the arument that
it would be injurious to the plan for the abolition of Sla-
very, it would have a contrary effect. When sugar was
clear, the negrocs was worked night and day.—(Hear, bear,'
hear !)—But when sugar fell in price, part of the land was
thrown out of the cultivation of that article, and used for the
growth of provisions, which aver(' more advantageous to the
Negroes than sugars. In North America, where the slave
found a great abundance of proviiiions.and a bad diniate, they
increased their numbers; but, in the West Indies, where the
climate was congenial, 'and the provisidns bad, they
did. not
increase at all. • The Island of Jamaica contained 345,000
slaves at the periodwhen the abolition proceeding continence&
If they had increased in the aanie ratio as in North America,
there would have been eight hundred and ninety thousand
more slaves than they have at present. That House, when
they abolished the Slave Trade were friends to the West
Indians, who now admitted the.fact. Vas there one Planter,
alive to his own interest, who did not say it would- have been
well if the Slave Trade had been abolished long since. It was
truly said the Planters had a !urge capital in the West Indies.
Nearly a million of slaves had' been introduced to the West
Indies, which produced an amazing capital. He was for the
proposition, because he was desirous of strengthening the stem
of our Interest in the West Indies. Ho was -anxious to point i
out the advantages which Might be derived from the employ-
ment of Black troops. The Spaniards and Dutch had long
permitted Blacks to nerve in their army. The Honourable
Member contended that this country was under no obliga-
tion to the West India Colonists. No faith had been pledged
to secure the monopoly of the West Indies, but they were
not injuring them by the measure in contemplation. It was
asked what were they to do with the marine ? The ships. which
brought East India, Sugar must have sailors. The system of
the West Indies, if inquired into, would appear to bebatl:in
the extreme. They' would find by the Report of the House of
Assembly at Jamaica, that the interest on the whole capital
of-the island did not exceed 4 per cent. In another report they
stated that the distress of the island was so great, that there
were not less than 80,000 executions in the Sheriff's Court, the
value of which was 22,000,000/. sterling. The House ought to
promote an inquiry, which would benefit the unfortunate slaves,
and the affairs of the Colonists. The great vice of the West
Indies was, the desire of proprietors to be absent from their:
estates. Sooner or later that vice would be the destruction of
the Island. Mr. Wilberforce concluded, by giving his support
to the motion.

Mr. LICTS—itISSON rose to state shortly, the ►round of his
dissent to the motion. He could notadmit all the benefit which
was stated as likely to arise from the adoption of the measure,
neither could he consider it so injurious to the interest of the
:West Indies as it had been described. His Hon. Friend 'said

it was a question of inquiry. It might be prOpF to make in.
quiry into the relative duties on sugar, but certainly it was not
to be made the ground of inquiry into the state of slavery. The
argument of his Hon. Friend would have convinced him, had ho
not been convinced before he came to the House, that inquiry
into the general topics supposed to be connected with the ques.
tion was quite unnecessary. He thought the question of slavery
had been left to the Government of the country, but his Hon.
Friend appeared desirous of pursuing that inquiry on the
mere question whether last India sugar ought to be allowed
to compete with West India sugar. He was ready to agree with
his Hon. Friend, that it would have been for the advantage of
the West India planters if the abolition of the Slave Trade had
taken place at an earlier period; but he could not agree in
the view his Hon. Friend had taken of the state of the slaves
in the West Indies. Ile could believe that a rise in the price
of sugar might force the *laves to work harder, but it did not

appear that a change in the sugar trade would greatly improve
the condition of the black population. If buyers were scarce,
the condition of the slave would not be improved on that ac-
count. On the contrary, the Proprietors of slaves being un-
der embarrassment, occasioned by a falling off in profits, and
the operations of suits of renditione exponas, the slave would
be in a worse state. The flourishing Account of the East
India Sugar Trade hail been greatly *rotated. If that
trade was so prosperous, why did not France, who supplied
the Continent with sugar, take the article from India, having
the Bengal trade in their hands ? The fact was, all the sugars
of France came from the Weit Indies, East India sugar
would not afford profits equal to the sugar of the West
Indies, which. paid duties ow principles long established. Our
own lonial policy his, in some degree, altered; and he
was quite sure, if it was expected to ameliorate the condition
of slaves in the West Indies, the chance of its being accom-
plished would not be increased by imposing the present dif-
ficulty upon our Colonies. If he could consider the question
abstractedly, he should agree with the Hon. Mover that the
interest of the consumner should be the subject of primary
consideration. But our Colonial system was established upon
restrictions imposed, erroneously, he admitted, by ourselves;
and it would be highly dangerous to remove them off hand
by a resolution of that House. They were too closely inter-
woven with a system connected with our own interests. In the
present state of supply and demand relative to the Sugar
Countries, any change he thought would not lower the price of
sugar in this country. He was therefore disposed to say that
it' we were ,to admit the East India sugars, there would be
no sound argument against our admitting all other sugar-
growing colonies. Considering all the circumstances, he should
be under the necessity of moving the previous question, which
the Right Hon. Gentleman did accordingly.
' Mr. MONEY spoke in favour of the motion. He had heard
nothing in answer to the able speech of the Hon. Mover; and
he considered the opposition to the motion as tending to wive
a monopoly to the West India Proprietors of the supply of
sugar to this country.—[The impatience of the House for the
question, and the interruption which was given to the Hon.
Member were so great] that
A ME MIZE tt declared that unless his Hon. Frend were heard
he should move an adjournment of the debate.
Mr. MONEY resumed. The Members connected with the
East Indies had given a patient attention to the arguments of
those connected with the West Indies ; and it was not too much
to expect a similar course. If the claim of monopoly was well
founded, what occasion was there for this protecting duty ?
The law giving the monopoly, if there was any, would be a
prohibition.
Mr. FORBES said that a pledge had been given last Session
by the Exchequer to the East India Company, that the measure
now moved for, would be taken up by Government anti sent to
a Committee. Ile saw, however, that the interest of the West
Indians in that House was paramount.
Mr. C. W YNN said the pledge alluded to, related only to
the Os. duty on clayed sugar.
Mr. WHITMORE replied very briefly, contending that the
case he had made out in his opening had not been answered.
He should certainly bring the subject again before the House
In the course of next Session.

Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the House divided,
when there appeared— '
For the Motion . . . 34

For the previous Question
Majority .
MR. M'ADAM'S CLAIMS.

- - 161
-1'27

A conversation took place as to going into a Committee'on
these. Claims. Thc motion for going into the Committee was
opposed by Mr. H. Suniner, Alr. Bankes, and Sir H. Heron,
and supported by Mr. 11Iaberly, Mr. Baring, and -"Mr. Wynn.
Strangers were ordered to withdraw ; but no division took
place, and we understand that it was agreed to appoint a Select
Committee.

The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and at
a QUARTER4AST Two o'CLocL the House adjourned.

A LIST OF THE MINORITY
ON fan JAMES MACKINTOSH'S MOTION,
For altering the Criminal Law.—May 21.
Abercromby,lln.J. -Gordon, R. Rice, T. S.
Allen, J. H. Grant, G. M. Ricardo, D.
Astley, Sir J. D. llobhouse, J. C. Ridley, Sir M. W.
Baring, A. Hume, J. Robarts, A.
Barrett, S. 3.1, Handley, Henry - .Rnbarts, G.
Benoit, J. Knight, Robert Robinson, Sir Cleo.
Benyon, Benj.• Lennard, T. B. Scarlet, J.
Bernal, It. Lloyd, Sir E. Smith, J.
Blake, Sir F. Leader, W. Smith, %V. !
Brougham, 11. Moberly, Smith, Hon. Rt.
Browne, D. . ... _Mackintosh, Siri. Stanley, Lord
Calvert, C. Marjoribanks, S. Tennyson, C.
Campbell, Hon. G. Martin, J. Tierney, Rt.Hn.G.
Carter, J. Milbank, M. Tynte, C. K.
Cavendish, 11. Milton; Viscount Vernon, G. G. V.
Chaloner, Robert Monck, J. B. Wells, John
Colburne, N. It. Montgomery, .1. Wharton, J.
Denman, T. Martin, 11. Whitbread, S. C.
Duneannon, Viset. Newport, Sir J. White, Colonel
Ebrington, Visct. . Normanby, Vise. Williams, J.;
Ellice, Ed. ' Nugent, _Lord Wood, old.
Evans, W. O'Callaghan, J. Wilson, W. W. C.
Fergusson, Sir R.C. Osborne; Lord F. ,TNI.LE as. •
Foley, S. 11. H. Phillips, G. Buxton, T. F.
Folkestone, Visct. ' Phillips,. G. jun. Calcraft, J.
Frankland, R. - Price, R. ' PAIRED OFF.
Grattan, J. Poyntz, W. S. , Pares, 'rhos. •
Griffith, J. W.. Rarnsden1 J. C. Russell, Lord J.
