TO ILIE 'EDITOR OF I.I'HE SUN.

. - • -
Sitt,-.-When 'Engla-nd is so-ifeeply interet?ed in
'the long and arduans struggle she has made, in
'otd-er to-hbtairra safe and honourable peace, With,
'a fflll' prOpe'ct of durability, the general semi
-
Inuits' of .the people ought to Lave great weight
inthe political,scale. Before we had "expended
'so Much Of our aChi'est blood, and exhansid so
much of our treasure, and while the Usurper of
the throne of France was in the tenith of his
power, it,might have been prudent to have treated
'with mina for peace, if it could have been done
without vital sacrifice ; especially when all the
Potentates on the Continent wereeither.subdued,
fearful of making farther attempts to recover
the balance of power.
But, Sir, when the state of affairs are so glo-
riously changed, and the Usurper is at his last
gasp, ought we not to proscribe him as a monster,
unfit for human society, and' stop that
deluge
of
blood he has caused to flow for the last twenty
years. Aie the tears of thousands of widows and
otphans, whose husbands, fathers, and brothers
lave been forced to the field to slay and be slain,
never to • cease flowing Is the- monster to be
again left in power, to be reVenged on all those
within his future grasp'? Will any one deny that
his ambition is not changed by adversity or by
peace ? No ! be assured he will rise in tenfold ar-
mour, when. supported by tour litindred thOusand
of his best slaves, no& prisoners of war. What
firust all .the smaller powers of Germany, who
leagued in the Confederation of: the Rhine, ex-
pect, if BUONAPARTE -is suffered to keep Iris
usurped seat on the throne Of France-?' Have they
riot been deceived in the prOspects of their great
Allies, and what must-be their-feelings upon 'the
impending negotiations for peace with the insa-
tiable '4'yrant. Sir, the peace of Europe must be
sealed by theblood of that assassin, or we entail
upon all nations increased misery.
These are .the sentiments, I will venture to af-
firm; of nine-tenths of the people of this country;
what then must be the feelings of those who have
borne testimony of the devastation of, lives and
property caused by the Despot of France ? If it,
was politically necessary for-Austria to sacrifice
a' lamb as a peace offering, let her nobly.consider
it as a necessary say ifice for the gocid of her peo-
ple ; aiitt if..the altar is stained. by the blood of
that lamb, let Austria exult in the sacrifice, ra-
ther thancomproMise her liontntr; for iris better
that one should perish, than thousands should be
put to dicath by the sword of revenge.
• It has been asked, what the Allied Powers are
to dq-but treat with the Usurper for peace, since not
a single white cockade has been hoisted in France ?
In God'S.naine how could 'it, under existing cir-
cumstances, be expected ? Let me ask, if any of
the smaller States of Germany would have joined
the Allies, if they had been permitted to stand
neutral ? Policy must have dictated such a xuea.
sure, unless a full aiisurarice That the Allies had
determined on nothing short of hurling the Tyrant
front the throne he,has usurped. The same policy
actuates the slaves of the conquered Provinces
of. France : they are not compelled to take up
arms to assist in the sacred cause, and therefore
peaceably await -the awful result of the contending
armies. Would it not be the haight of folly and
madness, under the impressions made by the Pro-
clamations of the invaders, and with the know-
ledge that a negotiation with BUONAPAIITE is at
this moment carrying on, for the conquered Pro-
vinces, 'or even individulls, to have hoisted the
white cockade, when, front appearances, peace
with the Tyrant will, spedily terminate the pro'.
gress of the Allied arms ; the Conquerors retrace
their steps, and leave the slaves of France iden-
tically hi die abject state intp which the Revolu-
tion plunged them, without the smallest hope of
redemption.. If the Allied PoWers had spoken an
undisguised language; if they had magnanimous-
ly declared to the people.of France, that. they ac-
tnally invaded their country for 'the purpose of li-
berating .them from slavety.: if the wretched in-
habitants had been fairly told that Europe would
nodonger sutler the Tyrant to govern them, and
again become the scourge of mankind, and desir-
ed them to shoos-e. Ruler, then whits cockades
and white flags in abundance would have pro-
claimed
the sentiments of :oppressed Frenchmen.
if the family of the unfortunate BOURBONS have
been incited, or even sanctioned,- at the head-
quarters of the Allies. (as we must suppose), how
is it that not one of them have publicly appeared
in conquered France by Proclamation ? Is it thus
all energy is lost-in that-royal-blood by lengthen-
ed misfortunes, which have stink them into per-
fect apathy ; or are their inaction to. be attributed
to mysterious political. restraint, that prohibits
the appeal of a legitimate Sovereign to his People ?
If this last be actually the cast, is there no indi-
vidual of that degraded family bold enough to
Independently assert their right in their native
soil,, hoist the ancient Standard of France -as a
rallying point for their friends, and invite the
population to hurt the-Despot frOm the throne,
to answer for the murder of one of their august
Funnily ?

These are the points, Mr.-Editor,. on which
the good people of England wish to be informed,
and as I admire your. patriotic sentiments upon
the great and vital question now at issue, I trust
you will give,those.of your Readers who may be
better informed on the'snbjCift2 the means of re-:
lievitig our torttired minds from dreadful suspense,.
by giving .this a place in your valuable Paper.
Frenchmen have *lways been ',governed by a.
rod of iron. To emancipate themselves from 'a'
wretched state, they gragped .at, the shadow 6f.'
liberty, and- forged their own fetters 'of slavcry;_.L._
The 'revolution •lert the people - it 'hutch.. worse
condition.';han before---a just .puhishinent for their
extreme licentiousness and ilop;icaliclid cruelties.
If, howiwtw, Frenchmen have not lost all the
fiat». feelings% 9f human nature,'-an4 Tiirie the
tinAlest desire tfy obtain their'freedotri., it is now
i» thtir power. From \tliersource or all their nil-
4, rye a» a.widote' may be - obtained. It is now
to be a free peopke—a great and
aat.'..Qu. Supported by the overwhebning

. • ,
perallan'tes of united %sir§ 'of EUrope-, 'France
•
May choose its future Go'VernormaY either place
a fioußaoikr on 'the throne with limited sway,
treei any other. Alder. and forM such constitu-
tional laWs as shall effectually secure her. future.
Ii betty. Theli may Frenehmen exclaim, let us
To;•leet the iniselits which the despot BUONirARTE
heaped upon us, since throUgh his insatiable am-
liiciun wk emancipate from slavery. His excessive
Crimes have at last called down vengeance from the
(16r) of ItosTs, who I`lR3 combined the armies
of all nations against him, and has, given liberty
to, nsi and peace to the world.
I'cannot conclude .Without assuring von, Mr.
.Editor, that I most heartily subSeribe to .the reso•-•
lutions passed at the Thatched House, and sin-
cerely wish similar resolutions emanated from
similar meetings throughout the kingdom ; for I
am greatly deceived if it is not .almost the unani-
mous opinion, that no treaty sheluld be made with
BUONAFA RTE, lnitlhat the Peopti of Vrance should
be treated with, and powerfully/aided in tilt glo-
rious work of dethroning the Usurper,
I ant, Sir, your most obedient Servant,
TUUSTICUS.

LAw INTSLLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, MAR'cii 10.

GALLINI V. GALLINI.

The motion in this case, by which the defend-
ant, -Mr. Gallitti, sought to have his two children
delivered over into his .custody,_ standing over to
thii day, the mother, accompanied by the 'chil-
dren, and also the other parties, interested, at-
tended in Court.

. Str S43IUEL ROMILLY stated to his Lotdsh;p,
that he umlerstood an affidavit had been filed on
the part of the plaintiffs this morning. If that
affidavit wet e meant to. be used, the case must
stand over till to-morrow, in order to enable his
client to see, it, and, if neeessaq, to answer it.
Mr. HART said be was instructed, on the part
of Sir Edward rerrcitt, to state how much that
Gentleman felt- hurt at the representation which
had been made tq his Lordship, of an improper in-
terference baying taken place on his part, with
the view of obAructing the service of the process
of that High Court. Ile begged tn assure his
Lordship that nothing could have been more re-.
mote front his intention, and he 'felt extremely
hurt that conduct should have been_ imputed to
him so unbecoMing his situation in life:
WAT-KiNs, Solicitor for the defendant, said
he had affidavit stating exactly the contrary.
Sir S. RomiLLY had no objection to the motion
standing over, the other party undertaking to have
the children in Court at the that!, the motion should
come on.

The LORD CHANCELLOit Suggested the propriety
of fixing the hour, that ,the mother and children
might not be kept waiting all day in Court, as
they had; been on the present occasion.

Mr. H.AHT submitted if Mr. Watkins,' on pe-
rusing the affidavit now filed, should find that it
Wofild be necessary for him to answer it, that it
would be proper in him immediately to coMinuni-
cote that fact to his (Mr. [tart's) client, that the
mother_ and children in this case might not he.
subjected to the -necessity of attending till such
time as the•motion was ready for discussion.
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY, understanding that Mr.
Watkins deemed it indiiipensible, from the nature
of the affidavit filed, as its contents had been ge-
nerally imported to him, that an answer should
be made to it, proposed that the matter 'should
lie over to this day se'nnight, the other party un-
dertaking to produce the children in Court on
that thy.
Mr. Flutr had no objection to this, Mr. \Vat.
kins givitag to his clients copies of such officio-
vits as he should file in answer, or putting them
on the file in such time as to afford tohis clients an
opportunity of taking copies of the affidavits, and
replying to them, if they thought proper.. He
was instructed to say that there was every dispo-
sition, on the part of his clients, to have the
whole matter in dispute brought fully under the
eye of his Lordship.
Sir, S. ROMILLY said that di4iosition had al-
ready been fully shewn in the conduct of Mr.
Hart't clients hitherto.

Tile motion accordingly stands' for this day se'n-
night. ,

THE ASSIZES.

READING, WEDNZSDAY, Mmica 9, IEI4.

WHATMAN V. WHATMAN.
This was an issue, directed out, of the Court of
Chancery,' for trying- the sanity 'or insanity of a
,person of the name of Robert Whattnah, deceased.
-It appeared that the person, the soundness or
unsoundness of whose mind was the question at
issue, had acquiced certain estates by the wills of
his mother and of his aunt, and had also suc-
ceeded to certain other estates, held by his mother
in fee simple, as heir at law to her. These estates,
amounting in the whole to about 50 acres of land,
Rt. Whatman, in the year 1785, sold to another
person., also of thename of Whatman,but in nowise
related to him, for the sum of 1101. and for an
annuity of 52 guineas a year, or one guinea per
'reek, to be paid to him during his life. Robert
Whatman died some y:ars. ago, and the present
plaintiff, his brother and heir-at-law, filed a bill
in equity against the son and representative of
the purchaser from Robert Whatman, and a per-
son of the name of Dickenson, who had acquired
right to'part of the property from Miamian, the
original purchaser, seeking to set aside the whole
.:(if those tranSactions,•on the ground (hat Robert
Miamian, front whom the father of the present
defendant had acquired the property, had during
the whole of his lifetime been in a state of idiot-
cy or insanity„ so as to render him incapable of
Making A valid sale or conveyance of his estate.
The trial attic issue which the Lord Chancel-
lor ha`d direeted for settling this point, cowmen-
eed OnTuesday, went on during the whole of
that dav', reconimenced-on the Wednesday morn--
ing, and lasted till, past ten at night.
On the part of, the plaintilf,"—about 'forty wit=
nesseswere examined, all of whout swore to a
variety Ofiacts and cie.eurnstances in the conduct
and, helmsiourof Robert Whatmaa, going-to spew
idiotic o, excentricity; or insanity in, all his ac.

, .
They swore!hat be 4.b.-S in the constan'.
hAbit of t,-eitink nneo‘nTheeted and unmeaning sett-
t-4Aices, with chalk, OH the flooti or on the walls ;
that he would also freqn-ently write with a pen a
nnillber of Words, joined together in unconnected
sentences, stiine of which were prbduced ; that his
conversation Walt likerhi's writing, Silly,
and ; thtit he sometimes-got himself.
intOxicated, and seemed lesS an idiot when in that
state than When- 'vas 'sober ; that` he was often
heard to. mutter Sullen anti incoherent threats and
-denunciations against-his relations; threatening,
at one time, himself to kill them ; at another,
time, -expressing, a conviction that they would he
killed, arid that they deserved to be so; that he
at one time cemceived an antipathy against a
tree, and said that he would have it hanged for
runningagainst ; that he would frequently
boil his pork and greens in a tea-kettle, rather
than in a pot or pan; and that his appearance,
manners, and conduct, were always mpst beastly.
For the defendants, on the other hand, the will
of 'the mother, and of the aunt, of Robert What-
man, were given in evidence, from which it ap-
peared that each of these persons,
,two of his
nearest relatives, and the most likely, to know
whether he %vas or was-not of sane- mind, made
over their estates to him, and to the heirs of his
body. A deed executed by the present plaintiff,
too, the brother of Robert Whatman, by which,
in the event of Robert's sti,f(4iving him, he made
over certain estates belonging to him, to Robert;
and the -heirs of his body, was also given in evi-
dence ; from all of which, the Counsel for the de-
. •
fendahts contended, it appeared that each of theSe
near relations, including the present plaintiff, him-
self, had, of the dates of those respective deeds,
least given their nit equivocal testimony to the sanity
of Robert Whatman. Testiniony was also gien,
by a variety of witnesses, as to his sanity from
the year 1794, at which time. he lived at Ware- '
ham, do ,vn nearly tp the period of his death,
though it appealed that at that time he Was
much given to drinking. It.also appeared in evi
dence, that the deed of assignment to the prede-
cessor of the tlefenclants, was prepared by a . re-
spectable solicitor, who had been, and still con-
,tinned, the solicitor employed by Robert What-
man's family,
The .Jury, after consulting for a considerable
-time, on the Thursday morning, returled a ver-
dict for the plaintiff, thereby establishing the in-
sanity,

GALLINI V. PERROTT.

This case, which is an action of crim. con.
brought by the plaintil against the dr.,_lenclant,
thetbeing Married to two sisters, stamk over as a
remnat►t, along with four or five others, till the
next Assizes.

CHELMSFORD, "SY.EnscsDAY, Mmicti 9.
• -
DOE d. wELLESLEY

.This was an action or ejectment brought btu
W. L. Wellesley," Esq. of ‘Vanstead
against. the defendant,. George Wright, to ,recover
thy possession of Rochford lIalL farm, in (hit
county. It appeared that a similar action had
been tried at -the •last Assizes, when, from the
omission of some formality, the plaintiff was non-
ted,

Mr. MAanvAT, for the plaintiff, stated the fol-
lowing circumstances, which he afterwards
proved defendant, Mr. Wright, bad held
the farm- in question., consisting of betwecu six
and seven hundred acres, of the 'llkley Long fa-
mily, under a lease expired hi 181). A
negociation was'7entered into between -the deleu-.
dant. and Mr. ,Bullock, who was agent for, clic:,
landlord, for a renewal oft he lease, and no terms
being 'agreed Upon, Mr. Bullock consented that
the defendant should remain in possession for a
year, at the advanced rent of, 1000 guineas, and
that if he had a lease for a tfrin, the rent should
be 11001. or if be remained tenant from year to
year, he should pay the I`ooo guineas. Mr.
Wright objected to the rent of 1100/, bnt con-
tinued to hold from Michaehaas, 1810, to iNli-
chaelmas, 1811, at the rent of 1000 guineas.—
The plaintiff married Miss • Tilney Long in the
early part of March, 1812, and gave a gene-
neral authority immediately after to • Mr. Tre-
beck, his steward, to give notice to all the tenants
to quit their farms. A notice was accoedingly
given to Mr. Wright'. to quit at the following Mi-
chaelmas, which he rO.nsed to do, Negotiations
continued for .a lease, which came to nothing, the
defendant objecting to the terms. An (Sectment
was.accordingly brotight, whicth failed at the last
Assizes ; but in order to he quite secure, Mr. and
Mrs. Wellesley had joined in a second notice to
quit, without waving the former notice. The
present ejectment proceeded upon both notices ;
and a case being quoted by Mr. Marryat to show
that, notwithstanding the second notice, the plain-
tiff' was entitled to proceed upon the first also,
Mr. Serjeant BEsT said, that having taken care
on the part of Mr. Wright, that the plaintiff had
properly proved all the Picts of his case, he could
not resist a verdict against his elient.—lerdict for
the plaintiff.
