SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

sufferedl
taLic.aeSsin:tt3hte,fei Newmarket, diminution
following 1; ie
being
the
betting The field of the Derby has
e
gentctiengthise
nlelwicteedlensfiwTn'oedrAth-tTeaaiTibdoEnCtßoefulSgmll4 t
hones,
quite out of the market :—All Lord Exeter's (as well for the
Oaks), Medora, Antiope, Caroline, Cressida, Pastille, Obweb„
and several others. Mr. Hush's .colt, although twice defeated,
is again in favour, and was hacked on Sunday to a considerable
sum. Blunder and Colwick have also sprung a little. Nothing
of importance was done on. the Oaks ; there is 3 pal Fable im-
ti?orro%2Poomeean,ln,h, oTwei‘sieri‘,lh,otih,aisn
IC,ei(r.ncass 'a
made andbet
between
cisos
rt. &nei,:tt:{.ll.
field's Priam, Sit. 71h., against Sir M. Wood's Lucetta; Sst. 71b.,
to be run on Friday in the First Spring Meeting (next
Notwithstanding the odds given by Priam, betting :s 5 to 4, on
him. The room yesterday was fully attended, and business tole-
rably brisk at the under-mentioned prices :

TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES.
to I offered agst Blunder, but nothing done, as it is not yet
known which Lord Jersey intends to start.
ONE THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES.
6 to 4 agst Duke of Grafton's Oxygen, p. p. (taken)
9 to 4 agst- Mr. Stonehewer's Lioness, p. p. (taken)

THE DERBY.
2 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Ricidlesworth
7 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Blunder (taken)
10 to 1 agst Mr. Beardsworth's Co:wick (taken)
14 to 1 agst Lord Verulam's Vestris (taken)
15 to 1 agst Lord Sligo's Bras de Fer
Y) to 1 agst Mr. Rush's Rhoda
SO to 1 agst Mr. Petre's Rattler
3,1 to 1 agst Mr. J. Rogers's Spaniel
40 to 1 agst Mr. T. Thornhill's Africanus
ao to 1 agst General Grosvenor's Sarpedon
50 to 1 agst Duke of Richmond's CuWad Rodrigo.
50 to 1 agst Mr. Cook's Incubus
50 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Heemus
200 to 1 agst Mr. Houldsworth's Philip
40 to 1 agst Duke of Richmond's lot
G to 5 on three agst the field
OAKS.•
2 to 1 agst Mr. Houldsworth's Circassian
11 to 2 agst Duke of Grafton's Oxygen
8 to 1 agst Mr. Stonehewer's Lioness
11 to 1 agst Mr. Sadler's Delight
No others mentioned.
His Grace the Duke of Rutland has sold Cadland to Colonel
Peel for 1200 guineas.

Spring has, during the last week, made rapid
advances in the country ; nor has the fashionshle Spting
season in London been at all backward in the race.

The report in a Portsmouth Paper, that the
80th Regiment is under orders to march at a moment's
notice, is not correct, they will lie there for some time.

Two of tne city magistrates pronounce ap-
prenticeship a slavery ! Hear this, shade of WHITTING-.
TON! and tell us from what source Lord Mayors and
Aldermen formerly sprung.

One of the improvements now taking place
in Holborn is that of lowering the crown of the hill three
feet, and by such means diminishing the sharpness of the
ascent.

The mansion of a noble Lady in Berkeley-
square, hitherto distingvished only by the exclusiveness of
its bon ion, has been converted into a Debating Society
for the leading Tories. It is now better known as " Sad-
ler's Wells."—lbid.

Loss OF THE RAPID STEAM-BOAT.—We
regret to state, that the Rapid steam-boat was totally de-
stroyed by fire on the morning of Friday last. This un-
fortunate vessel, in the space of an hour, drifted on shore
at Kirkaldy, and has since gone to pieced.—Scotsman.

. -
MARRIED.—In Merrion-square, yesterday,
by his Grace the Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, NICHOLAS
JOSEPH FERENCH, of Ffrenchlawn, in the county of Ros-
common, Esq , to BETSEY MARY O'CONNELL, third
.laughter of DANIEL O'CONNELL, Esq., M.P.—Dublin
Morning Register of Friday.

A melancholy accident occurred on Saturday
last, from the hoisting of the boiler of the steam-engine,
at Blackside collirry, near Brampton. Three young men
were in the engine-house at the time the explosion took
place, two of whom were so severely scalded that they
died immediately ; the third is yet living, but in a very
precarious state. Carlisle Patriot_

RAIL. ROADS.—There are now before the
Houses of Parliament no fewer than twenty-seven Bills for
Rail-road Companies:—nainely, at Avon and Gloueet,ter
—Belfast--Birmingharn—.several for Liverpool, Chester,
Manchester, &e.—Bradfarti and Leeds—Dean Forest—
Dublin and Kingstown—Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Leith
(that at Glasgow is fur a railway and tunnel)—at " Fas-
tiniog"—Sheffield—Warrington—Wormhill, &c.

ADICALISNI.—As the town eryer of Slea-
ford, remarkable for his facetious and dry manner of ex-
pression, was procuring signatures last week to the llnusa
of Lords in favour of Parliamentary Reform, an old Tory
exclaimed, Why, GEORGE ! you old Radical!! ' No,'
replied honest GEORGE, was a Radical for forty years,
but now I am a Loyalist.—The KING's turned to' my
side.'—Stamford Champion.

DECORUM OF THE JUDICIAL OFFICE.-
Patience and gravity of hearing is an essential part of
Justice ; an over-spcaking•Junge is no well-tuned cymbal.
It is no grace to a Judge first to find that which he might
have heard in due time from the bar, or show quiiskness of
conceit in cutting off evidence or Counsel too short; or to
prevent information by questions, though pertinent._.
Bacon's Essays.—Judicature.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL has received an invi-
tation from a Committee composed of a number r f the
most opulent and influential men in Yorkshire, to stand a
candidate for the representation of that county in case of a
dissolution of Parliament. His Lordship has statvd in
answer, that he should deem it a high honour to be chosen
a member for Yorkshire, and will consent to appear as a
candidate, provided it shall appear the wish of a con—
siderable portion of the freeholders that he should do
World.

THE DUKE OF NEWCASTLE'S ARGUMENT
APPLIED IIY A CHIIINEY-SWEEP.—OA Wednesday all
unfortunate boy, an apprentice to a chimney.sweep of this
town, was discovered, by a gentleman passin; through
Frankwell, being cruelly beaten by an elder b;ry of the•
same trade, who, on being remonstrated with by the gen-
tleman, answered, " I have my masters's orders to thresh
him, and cannot he do as he will with his own?" The
gentleman caused the young rascal to be apprehended, and
he was committed to gaol for a month's hard labour.—
Shrewsbury Chronicle, •

Deference for the do-nothings is no where
carried to a higher pitch than in England ; every sign or
symptom of doing nothing is respected ; a white hand
would be bowed over, whereas the broad and brawny fist,
speaking of a vast treasure of labour laid out for the use
of mankind, would be sneered at as vulgar; a delicate
complexion is genteel; its being a-kin to disease is for-
given for the sake of its connexion with the do-nothings,
robustness is low. In Wallachia and Moldavia the boyar,
used to pretend to be unable to walk, for the same reason ;
a Prince always moved, supported by a person un each
side, by wood living crutches.
SINGULA R DISTRESS.--ARCIIIIIALD CAR-
MUM:, town-officer, hanged at the cross, and hung on the
gallows 24 hours; and the cause whereof he was hanged,
he, tieing an unmerciful, greedy creature, poinded (i. e. at-
tached by distress) an honest man's house; and among the
rest, he poinded the King and Queen's picture; and when
he came to the cross to comprise (appraise and expose
to auction) the same, he hung them up on two nails on the
same gallows to be comprised ; and they being seen, word
went to the KING and QUEEN, whereupon he was appre-
hended and hanged.—Pitcairn's Ancient Trials, April
27, 1601.

The extract which we yesterday gave from the
Windsor Express, respecting the exerti•ans m.,de in that
licrmigh to stifle the expression of approbation of the
Reform Bill, contains particulars which ought to be
further c'eared up, Twice have the inhabitants been in-
terfered with. The first time Sir HERBERT TAYLOR was
the actor; but it is not stated who wrote the letter to Mr.
LECIFI, the banker, requesting that gentleman to suppress
the second requisition then in progress.- Was it Rail
Houle ? For strange stories are told of the manner in
which his Lordship bas compromised his Royal Mistress
on more than one occasion, by the ambiguous lan-
guage he has held while labouring to throw impe-
dimenta in the way of Reform. Whoever be the
offender, he ought to be known. It is clear that the
respectable inhabitants of Windsor would not have ab-
stained from joining their countrymen on this great oc-
casion, merely to oblige Sir HERBERT TAYLOR or
even Lord Howx. They must have been led to be-
lieve that their*pprobation of the Reform Bill would give
pain in a high quarter. Now who has dared to seek to
produce such an impression on the minds of the inhabitants
of Windsor, and thus to excite in the minds of the prop '
throughout the country such a painful distrust of those
whom they ixian to love and regard ? This must be in-
quired finte. Fortunately his MAJESTY'S steady reso/u-
-tiaos are too well known to allow the)n,dpfetetlAT't ro•
one
i ple moment
wenthch
oifthleiesibnecsetroiwtyedofhhisis4,apttarochbmatienotar. tlißelritahn4-
c *X.I„
dues not diminish the misconduct 6/those who h_a,vie `.4iZ•")„,
themselves of their situations mile he Royal ,
produce impressions on the
hibit Alajesty in an unfavourabhiciagnfle4;:s;76,wan:.,
times in which the feelings f
ttemblyroturgiflhetd:ittit.irT.r.,Zed:lllarisiii:ll"cpiito,Wati:°r 114.1

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS:

All accounts from the West of Ireland represent
the counties of Clare and Galway to be in a state
of the most unmitigated and frightful anarchy. In
the former of the above counties, where an election
for a representative has recently terminated in the
return of a young man of the name of O'Connell, a
son of Mr. Daniel O'Connell, altogether unconnected
with the county of Clare, who was preferred to Sir
Edward O'Brien, tie head of an old and opulent fa-
mily alzveys resident on their estate in that county, as
described to us by persons of observation and vera-
city, the name of law is used in utter derision. Pas-
ture land is broken up at noon-day by assernhlsia•es
of hundreds of people : gates are torn off their binges
—fences levelled with the earth—cattle turned from
what used to be enclosures, into the public roads, and
herdsmen, or other farm-servants, forbidden, on pain
of death, to resume their work, and protect or watch
their masters' property. No gentleman's family, be
the members of it ever so respectable, or indivi-
dually popular, consider themselves safe within their
own grounds. More than half the gentry have
fled their homes, and taken refuge in Limerick or
Dublin. The remnant, who are bold enough to
stay behind, or so much in want of money as to be
incapable of removing to any distance, are forced to
barricade their houses and keep regular guard day
and night, to prevent surprise by the wretched and
ferocious peasantry. The last exploit of these des-
perate beings was the massacre of five policemen,
and that a few hours after the King's representative
had set his foot within the county on a journey of
beneficent examination into the wants and sufferings
of the poor. With regard to this particular crime,
the circumstances attending it as given by the Irish'
Papers are, like all statements of a struggle be-
tween authority and insubordination in Ireland,
most glaringly irreconcileable. Irish factions make
it a point of conscience to lie systematically " for
the public good." Thus one print says that
the policemen had caught two vagabonds in the
act of administering Whiteboy oaths, and that
while escorting them to gaol they were attacked
by a mob, who broke in when the police had
spent their ammunition, and literally stoned to
death these martyrs of an unavoidable duty. An-
other journal tells us, that the peasantry were mark-
ing out potato-land in the presence of the proprietor,
and with his entire sanction, when the police (not
very probable !) fired on them in mere wantonness,
and after killing a man, were put to death in just
retaliation. A third newspaper, with a prudent re-
serve as to the origin of the business, describes it
as a regular battle, wherein the police were defe,ted.
Ilut whence arose the " battle?" Somebody told
us that in Emmett's rebellion, the object of which
was to attack the Castle of Dublin, and subvert the
Government, as its first and characteristic incident
was the murder of Lord Chief Justice Kilwarden,
the gentle appellation bestowed upon that bloody
and atrocious scene was " the dispute in Thomas-
street." But the " dispute" on this occasion has
net confined itself to Clare—Galway is in open in-
surrection. Five thousand Whitebays attacked the
house of Sir John Bur he, the county Member, de-
stroyed the windows, furniture, Sze., and carried off
several stand of arms. They threatened to storm
the town of Woodrord, and did actually plunder the
habitations of other gentlemen besides Sir John
Burks, making srms the chief purpose of their
depredation. It seems clear that there is no po-
litical motive—we mean, as against the Govern-
ment—at the bottom of these terrible transactions;
fur if there were, Lord Anglesea could hot have
traversed the whole country without defence of any
kind, and every where cheered by the people; nor
is the slightest distinction made between man and
man upon religions grounds, for many of those
gentlemen, Sir John Burke among them, who have
felt more severely the want of protection from the
law, are known to be Roman Catholics. The war
is a servile war. It is in every instance the poor
against the rich,—the hungry man against the full
man. It is reckless despair against ruthless cupi-
dity. A remedial measure at once prompt and
perfect, there is none; but imperfect measures may
do something, if they are prompt; and if pains be
taken to alleviate the suffering, as well as to punish
Jegahy the criminal expression of that suffering, the
tinfortunate people may at least be taught to hope
that patience will not be for ever unavaling. In
the mean time, it is much to be feared, that without
the fristerection Act,—a dreadful, but energetic in-
strument,—the confusion which now aggravates and
perplexes every thing cannot be even momentarily
suspended. To coercion, however, none but a
Government actuated by the spirit of a fiend
would think of limiting its political operations. The
peasantry are ground down to the lowest point of
misery ever borne by man. They are famishing,—
their ;rives and children are farnif.hing. They are,
to we a homely phra'e, "eating each other's heads
off," so fierce and unreflecting is their competition
for land, the occupancy of which offers them their
only chance of subsistence. It is said that the land-
lords deserve no blame for accepting tie highest
bidder as their tenant, where all bid desperately
against each other. This is a wicked falsehood.
The landlord has no right, in equity or humanity, to
deal with human life as the pedler with 'his wares.
The duty, the bounden duty of the landlord, is to
calculate what his land can produce, and charge the
poor man no higher rent than the land well culti-
vated can furnish the means of paying, after render,l
low a fair reeompence to the cccupant for his outlay
onabour, manure, and seed. The craving, snatch-
ing eagerness of the peasant, who will offer fifty
times the value of all that the spot of earth can ever
be made to produce, rather than lose the possession
of it, ought not to be made the rule of the landlord's
expectation, or the measure of his demand. We
know that he is encumbered with a multitude of
unprofitable mouths, and of helplesehands, the con-
sequences of his own previous ambition and
rapacity, aided by the barbarous habits and
grovelling resignation of the rustic crittvd who
hang upon him. But such difficulties can be only
further increased by continuing the practices which
first created them. The gentlemen must help the
legislature in striving to stop the growth of famine,
—for they have long since reason to knew, that it
is a giant whose force never fails to turn upon his
authors. Poor laws must follow. It is inevitable :
all the committees that ever sat cannot obviate the
necessity of a provisicn for the poor from that soil
of whose produce they have never yet tasted food
of such quality as was due even to the ox that
tilled it. So the burdens imposed by the Catholic
priesthood, and by the Protestant Church Establish-
ment, on the Irish people must be revised, with a
view to some more judicious distribution of them.
As for absents e landlords, who will dare to be other
than an absentee at the risk of being robbed or
tnartlered The country must first be reduced—
by force if necessary—to a condition of obedience
and tranquillity; but woe toEngland if she does not
instantly after apply the healing ointment to the

The recent disturbances in Belgium have been
made a pretext
the most intemperate
certain Journals for pouring out
rrre abuse upon the people of that
country,
Whose gacrime, in the eyes of the open
enemies or helloes friends of constitutional liberty,
the
seems to be that are resolved to maintain, at
all hazards, the national independence which they so
dearly purchased, and whid
rthe .. Holy Alliance"
have by plots, intrigues, and
to subvert. The violent proPee:dttols, endeavoured
eves in defence of liberty, prothilseof a Ptc.Pulace,
greatbut the blame of those evils ought tofall evils;
real authors of the popular excitement which leadsonthe
to such disturbances. Who are the real authors ofl
Cie civil commotions in Belgium ? The partisans
of the Prince of Orange, who, while the diploma.
ti.ts of the "peat Powers" lime been " protocol-
ing" against the independence of the Belgic people
iu London, have been intriguing against the same
independence in Brussels, Ghent, Antwerp, and
other places. While these things were going on
the Journals in the interest of the expelled dynasty
were careful to inform the %%Trill, ffoin rime to time,

th:t the public feeling thieuglintit Belgium in
favour of the Prince of Orange was becoming
stronger and more manifest every day, and that, in
fact, a decided reaction had taken place. It is likely
the emissaries and agents employed en this occasion
to prepare the way for a counter-revolution deceiied
their employers. Certain it is that,. when Matters:
were thought to be ripe for an explosion, atteinptS
were made to proclaim 'the Prince of Orange in'
,everal towns in a manner that argued, on the part
of the ringleaders, an extraordinary degree of blind'.
confidence in popular support. Tlic-se wild attempts
at counter-revolution not having been repressed with'
any firmness by the existing Government, and the
guilty parties not being brought to trial, the people.
became strongly impressed with the notion that
they were betrayed by the weakness or corruption
of their rulers, and thought it necessary to take the
defence of their liberties into their own hands.—

Hence deplorable excesses, the natural consequence
of that popular frenzy which the infatuated prc-
ceedings of the friends of the expelled dynasty
provoked, and which proved, beyond all doubt,
that the decision of Congress, in excluding the'
family of Orange from the throne, was but a
faithful expression of the national sentiment. It.
sometimes happens that a State is saved from immi-
nent peril by the people themselvei when their rulers
are deficient in energy or faithless to their trust. If
the Orange family has, at the present day, suffered
from popular commotion!, it cannot forget that in
former time it derived great advantage from them.
The grandeur and power to which it attained in the
latter end of the seventeenth century were owing to
the ardent love of liberty-which inspired the Dutch
people at the period when the infamous league was
entered into between France and England, and their
German Allies, to destroy the republic of the Seven
United Provinces, and utterly obliterate it from the
map of Europe. The principal men of the States-
General acted at that time, even when the power-
ful armies of France, under the renowned Turenne,
were on their frontiers, as if they co-operated with
the invaders, for until the last moment they made
scarcely any preparation for resistance ; and whe-
ther their conduct was to be imputed to co-
wardice or treason, it was equally dishonourable to
them, and injurious to the interests of the nation.
When town after town had been most treacherously
delivered up to the invaders by the Burgomasters
and other authorities, in the apparent ruin and des-
peration of their affairs the humbler classes of citi-
zens rose, and, in conjunction with the peasantry,
overthrew the power of the delinquent Magistracy
—deposed the pensionary De Witt, who was treat-
ing for a dishonourable submi,sion—and caused the
Prince of Orange to be chosen Stadtholder, whose
intrepid patriotlsm and military skill baffled the most
celebrated Generals of Louis XIV., and saved the
country. It is true that De Witt and his brothir
lost their lives before those tumultuary struggles
were over. The violence was greatly to be lamented
by which those distinguished men were destroyed;
but their subtle and equivocal policy had driven the
country into that state of ferment of which they
were the victims. The people acted upon that
sudden impulse which, like the force of sudden in-
. ,
spration, pas sometimes rescued a State from ruin
when the courage of the noble and the wisdom of
the gnat have failed. The name of the Prince of
Orange was then the watchword for liberty in Hol-
land, as it is now the countersign of tyranny in Bel-
gium. The people were on the side of freedom in
both cases. In both their love of country was ar-
dent, and led them into the excesses which are the
consequence of the passionate vindication of a great '
cause which cowardice had endangered or treachery
betrayed. Such excesses are not to be defended ;
they blemish the cause of freedom, and tarnish its
victories; but those who provoke them by plotting ,
the overthrow of a nation's liberties, and thereby
drive a people into madness, have the heavier weight
of crime opt) their heads.—Morning Herald.

S ECON I) EDITION.

SUN OFFICE. Seven o' Clock

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
WILLIAM CLOSE, Jewin-street, apothecary.

BANKRUPTS.

REES POWELL, Llangammarch, Breconshire, cattle-dealer,
to surrender April 26, 27, and May d 4, at eleven, at the .Castle
Hotel, Brecon. Bicknell, Roberrs, and Finch, New square, Liu_
coin's Inn ' • Vaughan and Bevan, Brecon.
D ANIEL and BINGLF.Y- SMITH, Liverpool, cotton-spinners,
April 21, 2'2, and May 24, at eleven, at the Bell Inn, Derby.
Johnson anti Wise, Ashborne; Derbyshire; Barbor, Fetter-lane.
ARTER MUIR, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, draper, April 19,
E2y 6, and t 24, at 1 yen, at tl. e Half Mcon Inn, Newcastle-upon-
Tyne. Nilson, Newcastle-upon. Tyne ; Dunn, Raymond-build-
ings, Gray's Inn.
JOHN LAPA GE, Leeds, merchant, and FREDERICK LA-
HAGr E, Liverpool, merchant, May 2,3, and 24, at one, at the
Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Chester, Staple-inn, London;
Davenport, Liverpool.
JOHN COLTMAN READ, Leicester, tailor, April 19, at
five, and 20, at twelve, at the Office of Mr. Richard Toiler,
Leicester, and May 24, at one, at the White Hart Hotel,
Leicester. 'roller, Gray's-inn-square, London ; Toiler, Leicester.
JOHN GILDER SHACKLES, Kingston-upon-Hull, linen.
draper, April 20, 21, and May 24, at eleven, at the Kingston
Hotel, Kingeton-upon-Hull. Alderson, Chancera-lane, London ;
Johnson, Hull.
I M 13.1-'lll.l A L l'A Rid AM E NT
