~ if.! ~...4„...... • • . Tai q.:...
-,. '
*54,,,*
" ,S--'--4
cce.-
-,6- •
ga - INl''...- • oritPl
, ,---
~, v
'' 0 ,or, gi-,-:: ---.,-,- 4 t
. - v\• " • ,ii •' •••• - -.' --,:.•• ,
-ok, .....,•-v . • ____
.-......; - i
$ p 1 P \
~‘ •1, Itlapl, •- ' e ''‘ \ • ;,/,,' , -
PNICY ' 1 1 )10- ‘ ' lit) ‘, "1/1/ OP- "J)4l, o
.
' •-• ---•1 :IN ~,

LONDON. THURSDAY EVENING, AUGUST 24, 1831

RUSSELL'S EUROPE.

NEW EDITION, in 4 vols. Bvo., price 21. 12s. boards,
THE HISTORY OF MODERN EUROPE ;
with an Account of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Em
pire ; and a View of the Progress of Society, from the Rise of the
Modern Kingdoms to the Peace of Paris in 1763 ; in a series of
Letters from a Nobleman to his Son. Continued to the DEATH
of WILLIAM IV. of ENGLAND.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.
PARTICULARS OF THE ESCAPE OF THE SURVIVORS
FROM THE SAVAGES.—The following detail of the particu-
lars of the escape of Mrs. Frazer, and John Baxter, the
second officer of the Stirling Castle, was given yesterday at
the Mansion-house :
Joseph Cavallas, the black steward, who, on account of
his colour, was to a certain degree privileged by the natives
of Wide Bay, having escaped in a canoe, and reached the
English settlement at Moreton Bay, when he informed the
commandant of the horrors which the surviving portion of
the crew were suffering, was sent, accompanied by a well-
armed detachment, under the command of Lieut. Otter, to
deal with the savages for their rescue. John Graham, an Irish-
man, who had been long in the settlement as a prisoner of the
Crown, was sent as the negociator. This person had escaped
from confinement, to the increased severities of which he pre-
ferred the chances of savage life, and lived in the bush for
eight years, and he was well acquainted with the language
and habits of most of the tribes. The detachment having
approached within a certain distance of the place in which the
natives of the tribe to which Mrs. Frazer belonged were
gathered together encamped, and sent Graham onward pro-
vided with lots of copper and gewgaws and naked, to com-
mence operations for the rescue. The moment they be-
held Graham, whom they immediately knew, they set up
their wild screams of recognition and delight, and crowded
round him, and some of the women ran to Mrs. Frazer, who
was maggot-picking for the meal of the tribe, and nursing
one of the children, and communicated to her by signs that
a white man was come amongst them. When she saw
Graham she asked him what ship he was wrecked in, to
which he replied that his business was to release her, and
she must do as he desired her. While she was speaking
one of her tribe speared her on the left ankle, and as that
was a hint to be silent, and cease communication with the
white man, she acted upon it in the midst of her agony.
Graham finding greater difficulties in dealing for her rescue
than he expected, obtained the assistance of a native chief
of another tribe, named Monday, who had had occasional
intercourse with the Europeans, and who formed a plan to
steal her away. While Graham was dividing the tributes
amongst his old acquaintances, Monday contrived to carry
her away on his back, for she was wholly unable to walk,
in consequence of the cruel manner in which she had been
sometimes beaten with clubs, and sometimes goaded with
spears. Having contrived to pass through the bush in
safety, be placed his burthen in his canoe, and went back
and informed the tribe that the chiefs of the red tribe
had run off with her in their possession. They yelled with
displeasure, but Monday let them know that if Graham
would go with him he should be able to steal her back
again ; and Graham, having left the trinkets with them to
change the direction of their hideous fancies, hurried off
with him, and, to her great joy, arrived at the lake, where
she was waiting for them, full of fears that she was to have
some addition to her miseries. At the other side of the
laker ee
ei Lieut.ve d
her,O and,tt having
er and t
provideddetachment
covering
forth her,
Regimentcon-
veyed her to their camp, which lay at a distance of about
seventy miles from the spot from which she had been rescued
by
the ingenuity
rest
of Graham, w
theirlto
diabolical
olipreviouslyeal
slavery. succeeded
in liberating
The
the
only white man, with the exception, of course, of her com-
panions in misery, who had seen her in the state to which
the savages had reduced her was Graham, Lieutenant
Otter having given such directions as secured her from
painful observation. Her head was at the time stuck
round with feathers, and as big as a large bandbox, and her
skin, or, indeed, rather her flesh, was quite dark, not only
on account of constant exposare to the sun, but from being
rubbed with berries and gums. The cleverness of Graham
in planning and accomplishing her escape was very remark-
able, for the savages were always oa the watch ; but he
effectually blinded them by his bits of copper and tin, and
his power of exciting them by the Corrobaree dance, which
might be very properly called the dance of devils.
The LORD MAYOR—I suppose that, in our distant set-
tlement, although they are as it were in the neighbourhood
of the natives, your case was one of frightful novelty to
the Government? Mrs. Frazer—They were all greatly
shocked at our accounts of what occurred, but they had
some knowledge of what happened to the passengers and
crew of the Charles Eaton in Torres Straits. The only
survivors in that case, however, were a boy and a child,
and but little could be learned of what took place. Our
sufferings were great, and the whole scene was frightful be-
yond relief. After the murder of my husband the woman
whose child I had, and whom I thought it the safest way
to follow and depend upon, used to order me to work at
the roots of trees for a sort of sweetish wood or bark,
which they call " bungwa." They use this as bread.
The Loan MAYOR —You found it to your advantage to
follow that woman ? Mrs. Frazer—Yes ; she treated me
better than I was treated by the rest. But they all de-
lighted in cruelty, and I have several marks on m) person
of burns from the torches and cuts from the spears, and
bruises from the clubs. They hated to see anything like
an act of kindness to me. If one of them threw a piece
of fish gut or snake to me to eat, the rest would be sure
to take it from rise.

London : Longman and Co. ; T. Cadell ; J. Richardson
J. M. Richardson ; Baldwin and Cradock ; J. G. and F. Rivington
Hatchard and Son ; Hamilton and Co. ; Harding and Co. ;
.1. Duncan ; Whittaker and Co. ; Allen and Co. ; Simpkin,
Marshall, and Ce. ; J. Bohn ; Cowie and Co. ; J. Dowding
J. I3igg-; J. Bain ; S. Hearne ; T. and W. Boone ; M. Doyle ;
E. Hodgson ; Goading and Egley ; Smith, Elder, and Co. ;
T. Rumpus ; R. Mackie ; J. Templeman ; J. and J. Maynard ;
B. Fellowes ; and Booker and Dolman ' • J. Parker, Oxford ;
J. and J. J. Deighten, Cambridge; G. and J. Robinson, Liver-
pool and A. and C. Black, Edinburgh.

The LORD MAYoa—Was there animosity towards you
excited in your opinion because you were a white woman ?
Mrs. Frazer—No doubt of it. Cavallas, our steward,
was black, and he was not annoyed.
The LORD MAYOR—And did not they, as you became
more familiar, relax in their severity ? Mrs. Frazer—l
found it necessary to save myself from a death, accom-
panied probably with agony. to use all my efforts to do
the dreadful work they ordered me to do. I found great
difficulty in climbing up the trees at first; and my flesh was
shockingly lacerated, but I became accustomed to it, and
no doubt I pleased the woman. While her child used
to sit on my shoulders with its legs round my neck, I used
to perform offices for her personal comfort, for one of her
sides was in a state of apparent mortification.

The LORD MAYOR-You have most wonderfully re-
covered after such horrors. Mrs. Frazer—The black wo-
man I followed brought me with her to lay in wait for
snakes, which frequently formed our meals. Mrs.—. has
the skin of a large snake which I helped to kill, and by
which I thought I should have been killed, for it coiled
round me like a boa-constrictor, but the black woman
smashed its head with a waddie.

The Loan Maros observed that on an occasion in
which, under such extraordinary-circumstances, he had in-
terfered as chief magistrate to engage the sympathies of the
public, it gratified him to find that every day more strongly
confirmed the truth of the statement that had been made
to him in the first instance.

Mrs. Frazer—The stories which we have reed in our
childhood, and the representations we have seen in theatres
of savage life arc mere trifles compared with tho real facts.
When first I heard their frightful yells I expected nothing
but destruction ; but I never expected to witness anything.
like what I have sean. There is no difference between
these savages and the beast of the forest, except that the
savages are ingenious in their cruelty. All that the mind
of man can conceive falls short of what I have witnessed.
The LORD MAvott —I suppose the natives did not know
by your dress that you were a female ? Mrs. Frazer—
They had not the least notion of it.
The LORD MAYOR—There was no compassion for you,
then, when you were afflicted at your husband's death ?
Mrs. Frazer--Not the slightest. Compassion is a thing
wholly unknown to them. I don't think it was their in-
tention to kill my husband. I believe the man who cast
the spear intended merely to wound him, but it went in at
his shoulder and pierced through his breast. I saw no
blood, and I pulled the spear out of his body. He turned
his face to me, and said, " Eliza, I am gone for ever!"
and from his mouth an immense quantity of blood spouted
out, and he at once died.
Mrs. Frazer and Baxter it appears were the only per-
sons who left London in the Stirling Castle now alive. The
other five individuals who were saved from the wreck and
the savages are Sydney men, and obtained ships there soon
after their rescue. Baxter, it will be recollected, was taken
off by a different tribe, and he to underwent great misery.
His age is about 23, and Mrs. Frazer is about 35 or 36.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.
A half starved lad, in the dress of a chimney-sweeper, was
brought before Mr. Chambers, charged with having been
found sleeping about in the streets.
Mr. CHAMBERS—Well, my poor lad, what can I do
for you ?--Boy—Nobody can't do nuffin. I aint got no
friends, nor nobody wot cares a cus for me.
Mr. CHAMBERS—Why don't you try to get work ?
Boy—Cause it is'nt of no use. I couldn't yarn a fardet,
if I verked till I busted, because I'm grown out on it.
Mr. CllasteEas—What do you mean?
too big for chimbley climbing, and I aint big enough for
jurneywork, so when I offers my sarvices to a master sweep.
he tells me I'm not worth a bunch of cat's meat in the line.
11.1 r. CHAMBERS—I suspect there is something more
against you than your size. You've lost your character, and
that's the reason why the trade won't employ you. Come
now, havn't you been detected in plundering the con-
stealing ashes out of dusthnles ?
tractor, by
Ye never considers a gemman has been guilty of
