ABERAVON HARBOUR.

Mr. VIVIAN brought up the Report of the Committee on
this Bill. On the motion of the same Hon. Member, the
Marlborough and Salisbury Road Bill was read a third time
and passed.
SOUTH PETIIERTON INCLOSURE.
On the motion of Mr. A. SANDFORD, this Bill was read
a second time, as was also the Farrell Navigation Bill.
POOR LAWS. _

Sir E. WILMOT- presented a petition from the medical
practitioners of Warwick, complaining of the present mode of
tender by the Poor Law Commissioners as insufficient and
unjust.

JEWISH- EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from the Mayor,
Aldermen, and Burgesses of Worcester, in Common Council
assembled, in favour of the emancipation of the Jews.
The city which he had the honour to represent had set an ex-
ample under the Reform Bill, which was deserving, of imitation.
GRANT TO MAYNOOTH COLLEGE.
Mr. T. GLADSTONE presented a petition from the
three Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, com-
plaining of the class of books used by the College of May-
nooth, as grossly indecent, and calculated to debase and corrupt
the human mind ; the petitioners prayed that no further grant
should be made to this institution, and as the subject stood for this
night, he (Mr. Gladstone) felt it his duty to call the attention
of the House to the petition which he had now the honour to
present, emanating, as it did, from sources well entitled to the
consideration of the House.
Sir R. B ATE SO N presented several petitions on the same
subject from parishes in the north of Ireland. The petitioners
also expressed their satisfaction at the contemplated alteration
in the Act for regulating the retail of spirits in Ireland, com-
monly called Perrin's Act. There were some provisions of
the intended Bill which the petitioners highly approved of,
namely, shutting up the public houses during the Sabbath
Day, and confining all those .found drunk in the streets—the
provisions of Perrin's Act had been productive of the greatest
immorality, vice, and drunkenness. He hactalso another class
of petitions on the same subject, praying that grocers might
not be allowed to sell spirits. The petitions, which were from
Antrim, White-house, Bangor, county of Down, Coleraine,
county of Londonderry, and other places in the North of
Ireland, were then laid on the table.
The Hon. BAnosET then presented a petition from a place
I in Downshire, signed by Roman Catholics, Protestants, and
Presbyterians, in favour of the better observance of the Lord's
Day.
Lord C. FITZ rt OY presented a petition from the borough
of Bury St. Edmunds, praying the House to reject the Irish
Municipal Bill as sent down to the House by the House of
Lords.

Mr. HARDY presented a petition from a Protestant meet-
ing at Exeter-hall, complaining of a departure from the princi-.
pies of the Constitution on the part of the House in many
of its late Acts. They took notice of the Acts for the
relief of the Dissenters—of the Catholics; and there they
found that those to whom power was granted were, under the
obligation of an oath, bound not to do anything which would
disturb or weaken the Protestant relicrion as by law established
in 1688—they had taken pains to find out what those princi-
ples were, and they found that it was a firm protest against
the doctrines of the Church of Rome, which were then held
to be idolatrous and hateful ; yet the House were in the yearly
habit of making grants to Maynooth College, where those
abo were to disseminate those errors received that education
which fitted them for the office. They prayed that the grant
may be cb:,.continuctl.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition from Mayo, praying for
the Total Abolition of Tithes.
Mr. FRENC H presented a petition from an Irish Bar-
rister named O'Malley Irwin, complaining •of a verdict that
had been !.-,riven ag,ainst bins on a misdemeanour, in en-
dcavonring to procure himself to be elected assistant
barrister. The petitioner also complained of the non-
attendance of Lord Hatherton, who was then Irish Secretary,
at the trial. The petitioner prayed that the House would take
his case into its serious consideration. He wished it to be un-
derstood, that before presenting this petition, he had given
notice of it to his Mpjesty's Government. He could not hold
himself responsible for the statements contained in the peti-
tion, as he had no knowledge of them ; but as the petitioner
belonged to a very respectable family in the county which he
represented, he thought it his duty to present the petition.
Mr. O'LOGHLEN said that this petition contained a
charge against the officers of his Majesty's Government. The
facts of the case were these—the petitioner was indicted for
forging the resignation, or what purported to be the resigna-
tion of Mr. Johnson, the assistant barrister of the county of
Mayo, in order to get the appointment for himself. He was
brought to trial under the administration of the Right Ho-
nourable Bart ( Sir R. Peel), and found guilty of forging
the document. The petitioner applied to the Court of King's
Bench to set aside the verdict—not upon the ground of his
witnesses not being in attendance, but because a certain docu-
ment was not sufficiently brought under the consideration of
the Jury. He was tried a second time, and not having made
any application to postpone the trial, he was a second time
found guilty, and an application to set aside the verdict having
been refused, the petitioner was sentenced, and justly sen-
tenced, to an imprisonment for nine months.
TOLCROSS GAS AND WATER WORKS.
On the motion of Mr. OSWALD the Tolcross Gas and
Water Works Bill was read a third time and passed.
FACTORIES. _ _ .

Mr. WAKLEY presented a petition from Ipswich against
any alteration in the present Factory Act, unless ten hours was
übstituted for the present time.
TITHES.
Mr. PEASE presented a petition from a place in Durham
praying for the abolition of Tithes and Church Rates.
TRADE WITH THE CAPE COAST.

Sir R. PEEL said he had a petition to present of rather
a peculiar nature. It had come to him, accompanied with a
letter through the Post-office, and he had no doubt of the ge-
nuineness of the document. The petition was addressed to
the House of Commons, and was signed by the King of Cape
Coast on behalf of his subjects in that country. The Prince
expressed great gratitude to (11 House for the vast benefits
they bad conferred on the black population of the world by
the abolition of negro slavery ; the principal object of the
petition was, that the House of Commons would take mea-
sures to secure the natives of the neighbourhood of Cape
Coast Castle the benefits of free trade, or prevent the mer-
chants of Cape Castle from interfering to prevent the free
traders of Bristol and Liverpool from affording the natives
the commodities they wanted at a much cheaper rate than
they (the merchants) would do. The Prince stated himself
to be an ally of England, and had sent the petition to that
officer who could best forward their interests.—(A laugh.)
He was sure that the House would not receive the petition
with levity—( Hear, hear),—as it was on the subject of the
commerce of the country.—Laid on the table.
TAXES ON KNOWLEDGE.
Mr. HUME presented petitions from the jewellers of
Clerkenwell, the hatters of the metropolis, the copper-plate
printers, the society of carpenters of Holborn, the paper-
makers, the shoemakers, the masons of Westminster ; from
certain inhabitants of London ; from Christ Church, Sur-
rey; from Islington; from Aldersgate; from three Societies
in Lambeth ; and from Fethard, in the county Tipperary—all
praying for the abolition of stamp duties on newspapers. The
petitioners regretted that his Majesty's Government had so far
violated the rights of British subjects as to employ spies for
the purpose of apprehending those employed in the sale and
transmission of unstamped newspapers.
The Here. MEMBER then presented a petition from Mr.
Barber Beaumont, relative to the proposed alteration in the
duties on fire and life insurances, and praying that these duties
might be equalized.
