DIORN_ING

The attempt to destroy the Public House Mo-
nopoly has met with such serious opposition as to
induce Mr. Bennet to abandon the only part of
his Bill of material importance to the public,
namely, that which made it imperatiye on Ma-
gistrates to grant licences. The Brewers, it is
said, are great men in certain Boroughs, and
these Boroughs have an overwhelming number of
the votes of a certain house ; and therefore the
monopoly must not be disturbed. Thus it is
that almost every conceivable grievance con-
nects itself in one way or other with the
state of the Representation. Mr. Hume thought
it would be expedient to adopt the Licensing
System of Scotland, under which no monopoly
existed. It would be expedient enough, Goy

knows, but tile thing'cannot be. The Scots have
their Representatives nominated for them ; they
- having no occasion to trouble themselves with the

matter, and thus it does not become necessary to

saddle them with the monopolies and burthens of
various sorts, required in England and Ireland to
make the semblance of a thing pass for the reality.
—Beer monopolies, the comparative absence of
leases, the Irish forty shilling tenures for life, which
have been compared to Volish slavery, would not
he necessary, if England or Ireland, were they
either really free, or like Scotland had not even the
semblance of political freedom.—No one thinks it
necessary to deceive the Scots, and they are not
themselves deceivGd with respect to their situa-
tion, which is certainly in many respects greatly
superior to that of their neighbours ; and hence,
no doubt, in spite of the natural disadvantages
they labour under, the comparatively rapid pro-
gress they are every (lay making in agriculture
and manufactures. No man of sense in Scotland

'Would wish to see the country converted: into
one great theatre of Boroughmongering like Eng-

land, which would only be an object of real envy,
were her suffrage placed on such a broad basis as
to render the present cramping system unneces-
sary.
[BRITISH PRESS.]
The business in the House of Commons last
night was very important. The Chancellor of
the Exchequer developed his financial plans for
the relief of the country. The South Sea Com-
pany being unable to contract for his pension
scheme, and no other corporate body competent
to the task being willing to undertake it, the
Minister has been obliged to take it into his own
hands and provide for it accordingly. With this
view, he proposes to grant an annuity of
2,500,0001. a year, for 45 years, to be vested
in trustees named by Parliament, and charged
upon the Consolidated Fund. These trustees are
to pay into the Exchequer the several annual
sums specified in the scale of reduction ; and
to enable them to do so, they are to be able to
sell or dispose of so much of the said annuity as
may be necessary to raise the sum required with-
in the year. And the better to enable the said
Trustees to make good the annual payments at
the times specified, the Commissioners of the
Treasury are to be empowered to issue to them
Exchequer Bills --to the necessary amount, the
same to be paid out of the money arising from the
sale of said annuities. This plan, if adopted,
would produce a present saving of 2,200,0001.
a year, 400,0001. of which he proposed to
reserve for the sinking fund, and the re-
maining 1,500,000/. to be remitted in taxes.
The tax which he proposed to reduce is, the
salt tax. This in England amounts at present to
15s. a bushel, and in Scotland to 6s. The duties
in both countries he proposes to reduce to two
shillings, being the amount of the duty now
payable in Ireland, which would be attended
with the further advantage of equalizing the
duty in both parts of the United Kingdom ; but
to prevent inconvenience to persons engaged in
the trade, the reduction is not to take effect
until the sth of January next. The amount of
the tax thus reduced is estimated at 1,300,0001.
The other reductions proposed are, half of the
leather tax, amounting to 300,0001. a year ; the
Irish window and hearth taxes, 250,0001. a year;
and the repeal of the war tonnage duty, con-
tinued during the peace, amounting to 150,000/.
—making a total of 2,000,0001. This plan pro-
duced a discussion of considerable length, in
which it was stated that it would be more ad-
visable to have recourse directly to the sinking
fund. An amendment to that effect was put by
Mr. Hume, and negatived on a division. The
Resolutions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer
were then put and carried.

[MORNING HERALD] -

The Gazette of Nuiemberg has a long article
upon the Negociations at Vienna, during the
visit of M. de Tatischeff, with a reference to
some previous circumstances. The article begins
with saying that every thing at Vienna had been
transacted under a thick veil, and there is nothing
in it to induce the belief that this veil was pene-
trated by the writer. It goes back to the Reis
Effendi's Note of the 2d of December, which
was offensive towards Russia, but still was com-
municated to that Power— with a Note from
Prince Metternich, urging upon the pacific dis-
position of the Emperor Alexander, that the in-
terest of the European Powers required peace, and
intimating the feasibleness of a pacific ar-
rangement. At the close of January, the an-
swer of the Emperor Alexander, rejecting
the modifications of the Ultimatum demanded
in the Turkish Note, on the ground that Russia
could not, without lowering her dignity, recede
from the Ultimatum, was received at Vienna. The
other Powers now interfered, particularly Eng-
land, and the capacity displayed by Sir C. Bagot
in this circumstance is much spoken of. It was
perceived that, though Russia prepared for war,
she seemed indisposed to commence it without
concert with her Allies, and hopes were enter-
tained that: the Emperor Alexander would not
interfere between the Porte and the Greeks. This
was about the middle of February. To the forego-
ing considerations were added the financial exhaus-
tion of Russia by the moving of distant troops, and
the hostility of Austria to the establishment of
Russian dominion over Walachia and Moldavia.
It was quite clear Russia could have no subsidy
from England. The latter might even renew
the continental system. Under these circum-
stances, the Emperor Alexander sent M. de Ta-
tischeff to Vienna, in order to sound the disposi-
tion of Austria on the spot. Some time after his
arrival the Turkish Note of the 28th came, and
was too offensive to be communicated to the
Russian Government. It was merely shewn in
confidence to M. de Tatischeff, but regarded as
officially non-existent. It was again resolved to
prosecute the negociations at Constantinople, as
they were not wholly cut off by the Turkish
Note, and the hope of peace was the stronger,
that the Emperor Alexander declared he should
modify his demands as far as the dignity of his
Crown admitted. M. de Tatischeff left Vienna
on the 20th April, and was expected to return in
six weeks.

BORROWING NEWSPAPERS.—From the com-
plaints in the newspapers, it would seem that this
unhandsome practice is becoming every day more
fashionable. There are few little vexations iu
life more annoying than to have " Mrs. Trouble..
some's compliments" close upon the heels of the
news-carrier, with a request " that Mr. Sensible
would favour her with the evening's paper." A
request so small cannot be refused lvithout giv-
ing offence ; and the consequence is, that many
persons who take papers are obliged to defer
reading them until their neighbours have .all sa-
tisfied their curiosity ; for Mrs. Troublesome has
no sooner done with the paper, than Mr. Med-
dlesome stands ready to intercept it on its way
home, and thus it goes the rounds of the neigh-
bourhood.

The following method of counteracting the
effects of laudanum is effectual :—" Lemon juice, taken imme-
diately, acts as an emetic, and prevents the lethargic appear-
ance of death, and consequently preserves life."-
• CURE FOR CORNS.—Apply a rag, dipped in
spermaceti oil. This simple application has cured a corn of
thirty years standing.

• FOR THE SUN.

LETTER IX.

MR. EDITOR—In mentioning the rebellion and
massacre in Ireland, in the year 1641, Priest
Walmesley, under the name of Pastorini, says—
" The insurgents were not even the body of the
" Catholics ; they were no more than an exaspe-
cc rated rabble in the province of Ulster, who
" acted against the inclinations of the community,
" and in opposition to the exhortations of their
" clergy ; and indeed all such violences are con-
" demned by the Catholic doctrine. It is also
" clear, from authentic records and testimonials,
CC that this massacre has been exceedingly ex- ,
44 aggerated, and that not one hundredth part of
" the number were murdered that were reported."
In opposition to these assertions, I shall prove
from unquestionable authorities, and I doubt not
to the entire satisfaction of every dispassionate
reader, that the rebellion and massacre had been
several years in contemplation, that they were
planned and fomented by Priests and Jesuits ;
that, so far from the insurrection having been
confined to " an exasperated rabble in the pro-
vince of Ulster," all the Papists in Ireland were
engaged in it : and that " such violences" were
not condemned, but countenanced by " the in-
fallible head of the Church, the successor of St.
Peter, Prince of the Apostles," the disciple of
him who came to proclaim " peace on earth,
good-will towards men."
On the 16th of March, 1640, Sir 11. Vane,
Chief Secretary to King Charles 1., addressed
the following letter to Sir Wm. Parsons and Sir
J. Borlace, Lords Justices :—" His Majesty
" hath commanded me to acquaint your Lord-
" ships with an advice given him from abroad,l
" and confirmed by his Ministers in Spain and
" elsewhere, which in this distempered time,
" and conjunction of affairs, deserves to be se-''l
" riously considered, and an especial care and
" watchfulness to be had therein ;—which is,
" that of late there have passed from Spain, and
" the like may well have been from other parts,
" an unspeakable number of Irish Churchmen
" for England and Ireland, and some good old
" soldiers, under pretext of asking-leave to raise
" men for the King of Spain ; whereas it is ob-
" served, among the Irish Friars there, a wills-
" per runs, as if they expected a rebellion in
" Ireland, and particularly in Connaught.—
," Wherefore his Majesty thought fit to give your
" Lordships this notice, that in your wisdoms
" you might manage the same with that dexterity
" and secrecy, as to discover and prevent so
" pernicious a design, if any such there should
" be, and to have a watchful eye on the pro-
" ceedings and actions of those who come thither
" from abroad, on what pretext soever."
We learn from Doctor Jones's deposition,
taken on the 3d of March, 1642, and deposited
in the library of the University at Dublin,
that a numerous meeting of the principal
Ecclesiastics, and some of the prin-
cipal leaders in the conspiracy, was held at the
Great Abbey of Multifarntim, in the County of
Westmeath, early in October, 1641, when among
other subjects of debate a question arose, "what
course should be taken with the English, and all
others that were found in the whole kingdom to
be Protestants ?" Some were for expelling them,
as the King of Spain had dismissed the Moors
out of Granada; but others objected to this as
weak policy, on the ground that they would re-
turn with increased numbers, and ten-fold ven-
geance. It was, however, at length determined,
" that a general massacre was the only sure and
safe mode of getting rid of the English and the
Protestants."

Sir John Temple,
.Master of the Rolls, and
one of his Majesty's Privy Council in Ire-
land, and of course a man well acquainted with
passing events, informs us, in his History of that
Rebellion, that lie had seen an examination of
one, " who affirms he heard it confidentially
" averred by Malene, a Priest, one that styled
" himself Chaplain Major within the pale, that he
himself had been seven years employed in
" bringing on the plot to perfection, and that he
" had travelled into several parts about it."
" That Patrick O'Brien, of the parish of Galloom,
" in the County of Fermanagh, affirmeth upon
" oath that all the Nobles in the Kingdom that
" were Papists , had a hand in this plot, as
" well as the Lord M'Guire and Hugh Oge
" M'Mahon; that they expected aid out of
" Spain, by Owen Roc O'Neal ; and that
Colonel Plunket, one of those that was to be
" an actor in the surprise of the Castle of Dub-
" lin, told him that he knew of this plot eight
" years since, and that within these three years
" he hath been more fully acquainted with it."
And " That' Francis Sacheveril, Esq. bath de-
" posed, that at several times, shortly after the
" beginning of this rebellion, he bath heard four
" several Popish Priests, viz. Hugh Rely, of the
county of Down, Edmund o"funnagh, of the
" county of Armagh, Morice M'Credan, of the
" county of Tyrone, and James Hallegau, of the
" county of Armagh, say, that the Priests, Je-
" suits, and Friars of England, Ireland, Spain,
44 and other countries beyond the seas, were the
" plotters, projectors, and contrivers of this re-
" hellion and insurrection ; and that they have
" been these six years in agitation and prepara-
" tion of the same ; and that the said Priests
" did then express a kind of joy that the same
" was brought to so good effect."
From the same authority we learn, that Hugh
Oge M'Mahon, a Colonel, who had been seized
on the morning of the 23d of October, in his
lodgings, did, before the Privy Council, " with-
" out much difficulty confess the plot, resolutely
" telling them, that on that very day all the
" forts and strong places in Ireland would
" be taken; that he, with the Lord M'Guire,
" Hugh Birn, Captain Brian O'Neal, and se-
" veral other Irish gentlemen, were come up
" expressly to surprise the castle of Dublin.—
" That twenty men out of each county in the
" kingdom were to be here to join with them.
" That all the Lords and Gentlemen in the king-
" dom that were Papists were engaged in this
" plot. That, what was that day to be done in
".other parts of the country, was so far advanced

'"
by that time, as it was impossible for the wit
" of man to prevent it."
Lord Macguire, in his examination before
Lord Lambert and Sir Robert Meredith, on the
26th day of March, 1642, did confess his know-
ledge of the plot for some time before the 23d of
October,—" That in the May preceding, we,
" Roger Moore, Philip O'Rely, and Roger Mac-
" quire, his brother, despatched a Priest, one
44 Trot O'Conley, unto Owen O'Neal, into Flan-
" ders, to acquaint him with the business con-
" cerning the general Rebellion then in prepara-
" ration; which said Priest returned about a
" month before the time appointed for execution
" thereof. And the answer which the said Priest
" brought from the said Owen O'Neal was, ,that
44 he would (fifteen days after the people were
" up,) be with him, with his best assistance and
cc arms :"—" And that the castle of Dublin was
" to have been surprised by himself, Captain
" Bryan O'Neal, Captain Con O'Neal, Captain
Macmahon, one Owen O'Rely, Roger Moore,
44 Hugh Macmahon, Colonel Plunket, and Cap-
" tain Fore : And likewise further acknow-
" ledgeth, that Hugh Macphelim, Captain Con
" O'Neal, and Bryan O'Neal, brought from
lc Owen O'Neal, out of Flanders, the very same
44 message which the said Priest brought." The
examination from which this has been taken was
confirmed by Lord Macguire in the Tower of
London, and proven on his trial.
The Lords of the pale of the Romish commu-
nion attended at the castle, and professed, in
strong terms, their loyalty and attachment to his
Majesty. Two or three days after, they sent a
Petition to the Lords Justices, mentioning the
deep sense they had of the expression used in the
late Proclamation, as to " some evil-affected
Irish Papists," which, they feared, might reflect
generally upon them : therefore, another pro-
clamation was forthwith issued, to satisfy their
minds : also, to shew their confidence in them,
the Lords Justices granted commissions to the
Romish Lords and Gentlemen of the pale, as
well as to the Protestant, and supplied them with
arms and ammunition for their defence. It was
obvious, however, afterwards, that they were
privy to the conspiracy from an early period af-
ter its formation ; and that their professions of
loyalty were made only to deceive; for to a man
they joined the ranks of rebellion.
From the deposition of Doctor Jones I have
proven the part taken by the Romish Clergy,
previous to the dreadful explosion. To shew
their continued approbation and sanction, I
shall now add, that O'Neil, titular Primate, held
a convocation of the Bishops and inferior Clergy
of his Archiepiscopal Diocess at Bills, in Janu-
ary, 1642—(it is but justice to inform the reader
that Doctor Dease, titular Bishop of Meath, re-
fused to attend), when they declared the rebel-
lion then raging to be " a pious and lawful war;"
and they exhorted all persons to join in it.
Those who have not had the advantage of
reading the late Doctor Dromgoole's speech, de-
livered in the Catholic Board on the Sth of De-
cember, 1813, may not know that the Romish
" Bishops correspond with the Supreme Head of
" the Church as a father—that they receive his
44 pastoral instructions—and that they comma-
" nicate to him the success of their labours ;"
and may probably accuse the Right Reverend
and Reverend, the Bishops and Priests that
attended the meeting at Multifarnum, and the
convocation at Kells, of presumption, in sanction-
ing rebellion and the consequent massacre,
without authority from 44 the Supreme Head of
the Church ;" therefore, to exculpate them from
so severe a charge, I shall here give an extract
from a Bull issued by Pope Urban VIII., which
fully proves that 66 his Holiness" approved of
their conduct upon both these occasions.—" Hay-
" ing taken into our serious consideration the
" great zeal of the Irish towards the propagat-
I" ing of the Catholic Faith, and the piety of the
" Catholic warriors in the several armies of that
" Kingdom, (which was for that singular fervency
" in the true worship of God, and notable care
" had formerly in the like case by the in-
" habitants thereof, for the maintenance and
" preservation of the same orthodox faith, called
" of old ' the land of Saints') and having got cer-
" tain notice how, in imitation of their Godly
" and. worthy ancestors, they endeavour, by
" force of arms, to deliver the enthralled nation
" from the oppressions and grievous injuries of
" the heretics, wherewith this long time it bath
" been afflicted and heavily burthened, and gal-
" lantly to do in them what lieth to extirpate and
46 totally root out those workers of iniquity, who,
" in the kingdom of Ireland, have infected, and
CC are always striving to infect, the mass of Catholic
44 purity, with the pestiferous leaven of their
" heretical contagion ; we therefore being willing
" to cherish them with the gifts of those spiritual
" graces, whereof by God we are ordained the
44 only disposer on earth, by the mercy of
" the same Almighty God, trusting in the
cc authority of the blessed Apostles, Peter
" and Paul ; and by virtue of that power of
" binding and loosing of souls, which God pleased
44 (without our deserving) to confer upon us ; to
" all and every one of the faithful Christians in
" the foresaid kingdom of Ireland, now and for
" the time militating against the heretics, and
" other enemies of the Catholic Faith, they being
" truly and sincerely penitent, after confession,
cc and the spiritual refreshing of themselves with
" the sacred communion of the body and blood
44 of Christ, do grant a full and plenary indul-
" genre, and absolute remission of all their sins."
From the examination of Robert Maxwell,
Archdeacon of Down, as given in Sir John Tem-
ple's History, it appears " that there were above
" one hundred and fifty-four thousand wanting
4C of the British within the very precinct of IJI-
" ster." And. Sir John informs us, that " there
44 were, since the rebellion first broke out, unto
" the time of the cessation, made September 15,
4C 1643, which was not full two years after, above
" three hundred thousand. British and Protestants
‘C cruelly murdered in cold blood, destroyed some
" other ways, or expelled out of their habitations,
4C according to the strictest conjecture and corn-
" putation of those who seemed best to under-
".stand the numbers of English planted in Ire- I

cc land, besides those few which perished in the
46 heat of fight during the war."

Pastorini has made positive assertions, some of
them " from authentic records and testimonies;"
but he has not informed us where we can refer
to them. I have accused him of gross misrepre-
sentations, omissions, and falsehoods ; and I
have supported my charges by references to
unquestionable authorities. It is, therefore,
for the candid reader to determine who is enti-
tled to credence, the " Vicar Apostolic," or
" Sidney." I have not, however, yet done with
him ; but shall resume the subject in my negt
letter; as 'I conceive it to be one of vital conse-
quence to the Protestant interest, at a time when
an awful indifference to religion seems to pervade
one party; while that of the other is daily
gaining strength, and their artifices, to attain
the object of their ambition, keep an equal pace
with their zeal.

I shall conclude the present letter with a short
extract from a History of the Rebellion and
Massacre, in the,year 1641, written by a MeigL
ber of the Irish House of Commons, who, like
Sir John Temple, was a witness of the dreadful
scenes then acted.—" Thus was this inhuman
" and treacherous rebellion unanimously coin-
" plotted, which broke forth the 23d of October,
" 1641, Saint Ignatius's day, that less than
" such a patron might not be entitled to so
" close and bloody a conspiracy, forty year!
" before forewarned by the • incomparable and
" pious Archbishop Usher, preaching, soon
" after the overthrow of the Spaniards at Kin'
" sale in 1601, on the vision of Ezekiel, chapter
" 4th, verse 6th, whence in reference to a con-
" nivance of Popery following, he drew this
" application—' From this day, a day being
" for a year, I will reckon the sin of Ireland,
" that those whom you now embrace shall 1:e
" your ruin, and you shall bear this iniquity."
Let not this awful and prophetic warning,
addressed to Protestants in 1601, be disregarded
by Protestants of the present time, lest " those
whom they now embrace shall be their ruin,lan'
they shall bear this iniquity."
Cork, April 23, 1822. SIDNEY..
