IMPERIAL HOTEL, COVENT-GARDEN.

RWALTERS begs respectfully to inform Gen-
. tlemen and 'Families visiting London, that he has suc-
ceeded the late Mr. White in the above Hotel ; and having newly
fitted it up with every convenience, he solicits a continuance of
their patronage and support.
May, 1638.

OXFORD ARMS INN and COMMERCIAL
HOTEL, KINGTON.
EDWARD ELLIS, the present and sole proprietor of this
Hotel, conceives it to be necessary to the advancement of the future
interests of the Establishment, upon which he has so recently
entered, to state distinctly, and thus publicly, that the business in
its various departments will be conducted under his own immediate
and personal superintendence, and he anxiously avails himself of
the earliest opportunity to assure the Nobility, Gentry, Commercial,
and Agricultural public, that it will at all times be his first and
earnest desire to secure the unqualified approbation of those who
may be pleased to honour him with their patronage, by pursuinr, a
liberal and just course in the general management of the establish-
ment, blended with that respectful attention to the comforts of
visitors to the Hotel, which he has ever regarded as a duty strictly
imposed upon those who seek public favor.
Being determined to act upon those professions, E. Ellis relies
with confidence upon public support and encouragement.
Kington, May 16, 1831‘.

O BE SOLD by PRIVATE CONTRACT,
An excellent FAMILY RESIDENCE, in complete re-
pair, with suitable Outbuildings and Walled Garden, in a Midland
County, within less than two hours' drive of the London and Liver-
pool Railways, together with 55 acres of superior Land surrounding
it, which will be sold altogether, for considerably less than the cost
of the house, outbuildings, and garden walls, with immediate pos-
session.

For further particulars apply to Mr. J. 11. Webber, Solicitor, 3,
Caroline-street, Bedford-square, if by letter, post-paid.

AFIRST-RATE HOTEL and BOARDING-
L HOUSE adjoining, in Cheltenham, to be LET on LEASE,
or SOLD, formerly well known as Fisher's Hotel and Boarding
House, but since named the CLARENCE HOTEL, etc., in
consequence of his late 'Majesty having sojourned there when Duke
of Clarence. This establishment has enjoyed for upwards of thirty
years a very extensive connection, and has been a principal resort
of the most distinguished visitors to Cheltenham. The Hotel and
Boarding House are distinct buildings, contiguous to each other,
and are situate in the centre of the town, in a most convenient
position for access to all the spas, walks, and drives of that favourite
watering place, and very near to the depots of the Cheltenham and
Great Western Union, and the Birmingham and Gloucester Rail-
ways. The Hotel contains 13 sitting rooms, 35 best bed rooms, 13
servants bed rooms, with all requisite offices. The Boarding House
containing 4 large public dining rooms and drawing rooms, 11
private sitting rooms, 34 best bed rooms, and 10 servants' bed rooms,
with all necessary offices. Attached to these buildings are baths, a
brewery, pleasure garden, coach-houses with standing for 24 car-
riages, stabling fur 31 horses, loose boxes, and numerous convenient
offices. These extensive premises will be let from Lady-day next
for a term of years, or sold if required.
For further particulars, and to treat for a lease or sale, apply, if
by letter postage paid, to Messrs. Lawrence and Newmarch, Soli-
citors, Cirencester.

- -
TO THE BENEVOLENT.
T,WIDOW of the late GEORGE HEF-
FER, Coach-body-maker, Carlisle-place, Lambeth, and
Norwood, Surrey, being by the sudden death of her husband, left
in a state of deplorable destitution, appeals to the Charity of the
Public for some Relief in her great distress. Mrs. Heifer was mar-
ried in 1770, and lived happily with him, the mother
of
309, when an intriguing governess con-
trived to effect a separation between them. One guinea a week,
allowed her by her husband, has supported Mrs. Heifer since that
period ; but that sum she has lost by his sudden death, and has now
no resource on earth, but what she hopes from the Charity of the
Benevolent. She is old, helpless, and famishing.
The following persons, to whom she was known in better days,
have kindly offered to receive any sums, however trifling-, which
may be given for her relief :—Viz., Mr. Elliot, Coachmaker,
Westminster-bridge-road; Mr, Cannin, Coach-plater, 50, Long-
acre ; Messrs. Batcy and Finlay, Tailors, 40, Duke-street, St.
James's ; Mr. Crabtree, No. 8, Strand ; Mr. Briant, Horns Ta-
vern, Kennington Canon.

A public meeting of the above Society was held at Exeter Hall on
Wednesday.
It was moved by S. GunNuV, Esq., seconded by Sir AyousTusn'EsT2,
that T. Fowell Buxton, Esq., be requested to take the chair. •
The chair was accordingly taken by Mr. T. F. Buxton. On
the platform we noticed Earl Fitzwilliam, P. Scrope, Esq.,
Baines, Esq., M.P., Rundle, Esq, MP., C. Lushington, Esq.,
M.P., Sir Augustus D'Este, W. Allen, Esq., S. Gurney, Esq., D.
Wheeler, Esq., A. Johnson, Esq., Josiah Foster, Esq., NV: D. Crewd-
son, Esq., General Prendergast, Alers Hankey, Esq., Jos. Sturge, Esq ,
Rev. Wm. Binney, Rev. Dr. Fletcher, Rev. Dr. Pye Smith, Rev. Dr.
Burder, G. Bennett, Esq , and the Rev. W. Ellis, and many other influ.
ential persons.
The CHAIRMAN said there were two things which he certainly re
gretted. The first was that there was not a person more distinguished
in rank and talent to take the chair than lie was. He could assure them
that it was not his fault, for he had been earnest in his endeavours to
get such a person to attend upon the occasion. The other was that the
Committee had only felt themselves justified in engaging the Minor

Hall, ani that even was not filled upon an occasion so important. They
must not however be disheartened. They might recollect that some So-
cieties had had very small beginnings which were now in a very flourish-
ing condition.—(Cheers.) In the early part of this century a few gen-
tlemen met in a room smaller than the one they were in fur the purpose
of distributing a few Bibles to the poor in the principality of Wales—
they were the nucleus of that great Society which were now sending
thousands upon thousands of Bibles to all and every part of the world.—
(Applause.) It was not more than fifteen years ago since, at the insti.
' gation of Mr. Wilberforce, a motion was introduced in the House of
Commons for the abolition of slavery; at that time that subject had
very few friends out of doors, and still fewer in the House—in fact nothing
could west a more forlorn aspect—yet praised be God slavery had been
abolished by law, and all England was one anti-slaVery Society.—(Ap-
plause.) And so he persuaded himself that their Society might become
both eminent and useful.—(Applause.) He did not for a moment dis-
trust the generosity of the British public, when they came to know the
facts of the case. When a case was laid before them, supported by un-
doubted facts, the sympathy of the British public would surely be given.
Their case was, that there was in point of fact three millions—aye, more
than three millions of our fellow men dependent upon the sympathy of
the British public, to rescue them from a state of bondage into a state of
freedom—to them it was a question of Christianity or Heathenism, of
life or death. Some might say that it was right that the red or the
black man should perish before the face of the white man—they might
ascribe that to the Providence of God which was the cruel work of man.
Let them say so, and then those three millions must follow the many
three millions which have already perished under the apathy of the Bri.
tish. Like as one of the Aborigines said, they will " Melt as the snow
before the sun,"—they will be gone in the space of a few years. If the
British public sympathised with them and assisted that Society, those
three millions would advance in civilization, and by the blessing of God
might become members and disciples of the same holy religion to which
they belonged. That was their case. There were the deep and
eternal interests of three millions of human beings at stake; only
let that fact become known to the public, and he did not despair of the
day soon arriving when those unhappy beings would be befriended. The
object of the Society was to protect the Aborigines against the hard
hearted aggressions of the white man—defence against the aggressions
of civilised and Christian man, as he was called. He would riot mince
the matter, it was defence against the aggressions of the British, for
they were as bed as ever the Spaniards or the Portuguese were. Let
them hear no more of the cruelties of Pizaro or other monsters of former
days—in his conscience lie believed that the British were as bad as ever
any of them were, and had as much to answer for. These poor beings
had a claim—a strong claim upon British sympathy—they bad
a claim of suffering humanity, which was an irresistible
claim upon all mankind in civilised circumstances—(Hear)—
they had claims upon those who were assembled here that they knew
something of their wrongs—they had this further claim, that if we were
but a small body, if small interest had been yet excited, they had this
claim upon those who felt their wrongs to do their very best to benefit
and defend them.—(Hear, hear.) But they had another claim, a most
powerful claim which no honourable and humane mind could resist—the
claim of their own defenceless inferiority. They had another claim, an
irresistible claim—they had the claim of our ability to confer upon them
the most important benefits—civilization, the arts which adorn life,
the truths which disarm death of its terrors. The people of this coun.
try had the ability, and ability implied duty, to befriend and support the
defenceless But they had another claim which could not be resisted
in this country—they had claim for compensation for the injustice which
had already been inflicted—compensation and indemnification for the
unnumbered wrongs which the people of England had inflicted upon
them. He knew there was not much attention now paid to these things ;
but the had a claim, and he who saw, and he who felt for the wrongs
of the poor and the defenceless, knew that they had these claims. In
the splendour of geographical discoveries, and of the extension of colo-
nial territory, these things were often forgotten. It was thought to be a
very whimsical remark of Dr. Johnson, sixty years ago, that he did not
like to hear of voyages of discovery, for he knew what they led to—that
they led to oppression, to rapine, and to bloodshed. That whimsical as-
sertion had, however, been justified, for thousands and tens of thousands
had since perished in consequence.—(Hear, hear.) The subject was
not by any means understood by the British public, but he (Mr. B.) sat
upon a Committee of the House of Commons last session, and for the
two previous sessions, and what was the fact which had struck his mind
most forcibly ? From every quarter there was the same evidence.
Whether they went to the South Seas on the one hand, or to North
America—whether they went to the frozen shores of Newfoundland, or
to the heated morasses of Essequibo—go where they would, they had the
same uniform case—namely, that Christian and civilized man had em-
ployed his influence, had exercised his authority, in oppressing and de-
stroying the true proprietors of the soil.—(Hear.) There was not an
exception—there was not air instance to the contrary. Let them select
any one place where there were Aboriginal inhabitants, and they would
find that in any given spot European aggression, British aggres.
sion had been destroying and despoiling the natives.—(Hear, hear.)
It was not the business of a Chairman to enter widely into any subject—
in doing so he would be departing from his duty ;,but there were a few
facts which he wished to bring under the notice of the meeting, which
had been undeniably proved in the presence of the Committee, Several of
whom were now present. They were demonstrated in spite of considerable
talent exercised in the other direction. He would first mention New..
foundland. When we took possession of Newfoundland in 1713, the
population was very large. There was this proof, for example—which
he only gave as one of a variety of proofs—they had constructed a fence,
which reached for thirty miles in order to entrap the deer. This must
have occupied several thousands of people. In 1713, as he said already,
we took possession. The very first attempt at conciliation, at an ami_
cable intercourse with the natives, occurred ninety-eight years after.
wards—in 1811. That failed. Both sides were exhausted—a war had
ita n an.
sprung up among them—and in 1823, the last native man and svoiahne
were shot, he grieved to say, by two Englishmen.—(Hear, hear.) This
Society was too late for them—it could do nothing for them. The Caribs
in the West Indies he would next allude to. If they looked into *ld
authors they would see constant accounts of the Caribs, who appeared to
namehave
1,, spreadwas throughalmost allall thetha Antilles.t,yas left Whore Let tiwerethem
theynow?T
n
takeg
other case. The North American Indian, in his natural state, was al-
ways supposed
to be one of the finest specimens of uncivilized man—
brave, hospitable, noble in his bearing, and endowed with the most in.
domitable fortitude. So we found them. What were they now in mum.
berg Why, these tribes Which within the memory of man could mus.
ter 8,000 or 10,000 persons, were now reduced to 200 or 300. That
was not the Most appalling case. The case which struck him the most
was, that those who were described by everybody as such noble spechnens
of uncivilized man, were now represented to be, by an unexceptionable
witness, more like the dram-drinkers of a polluted city.—(hear.)
That was, we had slaughtered almost the whole of them, and the wretched
remnant were now in this degraded situation. But that was not the worst
case. There wits one that filled his soul with more horror. It was
the case of our penal Settlements. What were we doing there ?
They had sent out half a dozen missionaries—let it not be supposed that
he meant to say a word against the Missionaries. He loved the Mie.
sionary Societies for the spiritual instruction they afforded ; he loved
them the more because he found that with very few friends indeed as
these poor creatures had, wherever there was a Missionary there was a
champion for the natives.—(Cheers.) He honored the Missionaries ten
times more than he did, because he saw they were men when all were
hostile, with no wish to create public approbation, who supported and
maintained the rights, the natural and irresistible rights of the natives.
—(Cheers) He honored every Missionary more than lie should have
done if he had looked only on one side of the question. Ile was speak..)
ing of the penal settlements—the Missionaries had done all that; but was
it only those Missionaries, the six Missionaries they had sent out? No,
but they had sent out over and above those six Missionaries some 20,000,
30,000, or 40,000 Missionaries of a very different Cast and character ;
Missionaries who had perpetrated every species of evil among them ;
Missionaries who had affected and polluted the innocence of the native
mind with abominations ten times deeper than those of savage life.—
(Cheers.) He really could hardly trust himself to speak upon those
facts with reference to those penal settlements. Now with respect to
Van Diemen's Land, there there was a large population ; the natives
received them with open arms, as they always did ; but repeated deep
injuries had their natural effect, they raised the spirit of the people, war
took place, and this result ensued, that it was found necessary to trans-
port the natives in order that the miserable remnant of them might be
preserved. He could well believe that the meeting would hardly give
credit to the statements of individuals upon the subject ; but he would
take the liberty of reading the facts of the case with reference to Van
Diemen's Land. The meeting would doubtless believe what was stated
by the Governor of that place, who was the instrument of
catching and removing these people. He said that the necessity
of driving a simple, and warlike, and noble-minded race from
their native hunting grounds, was a misery so distressing that he would
make almost any sacrifice in order to prevent being obliged to do so.—
(Cheers.) The system had been such, that with every disposition to do
right with most humane Governors, with every inclination to suppert
the poor natives, they were unwillingly made the instruments of doing
injury to them. The hoar creatures who had been extirpated from
the face of their native earth, wore a simple, warlike, and noble race.
The authority of the Governor was not the only one he would refer to,
because he was anxious beyond everything else that the facts which he
put forth should be established; for, if they went upon that principle,
they would eventually succeed. He had higher authority than the Gil.
vernor ; he had the authority of the Colonial Secretary, Sir George Mur-
ray, who said that the great decrease which had taken place lately in the
original population, rendered it not unreasonable to apprehend that the
whole race would become extinct. It was entirely British influence,
Christian influence, which tended to the extinction and eradication of
the people —(Cheers.) The Bight Hon. Baronet next proceeded to say
that it was difficult to reconcile such proceedings with the feelings of
humanity, or even justice or sound policy; then he said that such pro-
ceedings, if persevered in, would leave a stain on the British Govern.
roent. He (Mr. Buxton) theueet that an inde`ible stain had been thrown
upon the British Government.—(Cheers.) He wont,' now come to New
Holland, and with respect to that, lie had seen a document, the private
journal of a Clergyman in that country, and the horrors that were there
depicted were beyond his utterance. The cruelties which the people
exercised, the vices they introduced and the diseases which they poured
in upon them, were too bad for him to state.—(Cheers.) He could not
produce this private journal,
but lie would produce the evidence of the
Bishop of the Diocese, who was the last man likely to libel those within
his diocese : yet what did Bishop Broughton say before a Committee of
the House of Commons ? He said that the natives slid not so much re-
tire as decay, that wherever a European nice them they appeared to
wear out and decay, and vanish from the face of the earth. He (tire
Bishop) apprehended that in a limited period those who were most in
contact with Europeans would be utterly extinct—he would not say ex.
terminated—such had been the offsets of European intercourse upon
their physical condition. But what effect had the Christians produced
upon their moral condition ? The same Bishop said, " It is awful—it
is appalling to consider that after an intercourse of nearly half a century
with Christian people, these unhappy human beings are to this day in
their original benighted and degraded condition. I may even proceed
further—l may go so fares to express my fears that our settlement in

their country has deteriorated a condition,which, before our interference
was such, that nothing more miserable could be conceived."—(Hear.)
"By their intercourse with us, also, the better part of their own charac-
ter has been lost, and they have adopted in exchange the worst part of
ours."—(Hear.) There was present at the meeting a member of the
Society of Friends, who a few years ago went out to the South Sea
Islands, for the purpose of visiting, instructing., and consoling the peo-
ple.—(Applause.) He would inform the meeting of what he had seen,
and his statements would be found to be more dismal than anything that
could have been anticipated. In the last ten years one tenth of the po-
pulation had sunk under British influence; under which countless mur-
ders had been perpetrated—murders by the sword—murders by disease
—murders by intemperance. He (Mr. B.) knew his friend's indisposi-
tion to come forward; but he put it to him, as a matter of duty, to state
to the public what he knew upon this subject.—(Hear, hear, hear.) As to
the Cape of Good Hope—if he were once to enter upon that subject;
there would be no end to the recital of injuries and aggressions. There
indeed, the native population had been saved by one man, and that was
a Missionary—(Applause)—Dr. Phillips and his coadjutors.—(Renewed
applause.) That population would have been swept from the face of the
earth, but for the exertions of that Missionary and his friends, of whom
one was now the Secre-ary to this Society. He (Mr. B.) supposed that
his statements would not be credited by the meeting; they were too out.
rageous to be believed upon the word of one individual like himself. He
had been for years endeavouring to bring the attention of Parliament to
this subject; but the answer which he received, except from very few
Members was, that "such things might have happened in earlier and
less enlightened times, but they could not occur in these benevolent days."
But he (Mr. B.) would state to the meeting one fact, which belonged to
the present days. He would mention the statement of the Captain of
a British man-of-war, an able and intelligent commander, who was
sent out to New Zealand. That officer lauded the conduct of the
Missionaries, and described them as rendering much good to the natives;
but he added that they were " in great danger from a wild and lawless
band of ruffians, but were protected by a noble race." Well then, what
was the case ? Those Missionaries went to a savage country, and one
would suppose from the statement of that officer, that they were assailed
by the uncivilised and cruel cannibals, and that they were befriended by
humane, civilised, and christian men of their own race. But the fact
was otherwise. They were in danger from men born in Britain, and
calling themselves Christians—(Hear, hear,)—and they were protected
by the savage and heathen cannibals.—(Hear, hear.) The same officer
further said it was " deplorable so fine and intelligent a race of beings as
the New Zealanders should continue in barbarism in the present state of
civilization—that there was not a people on the earth more susceptible
of high intellectual attainments, or more capable of becoming a civilised i
and industrious community under a wise Government.—(Hear, hear.)
A battle took place between two of the native tribes—and it was a happy
effect of missionary labours that such contests were rendered less fre-
quent—but a battle unfortunately took place between two hostile
tribes—the field of action was just in the neighbourhood of the mission,
and both armies were passing and repassing through the settlement,
but not one article of missionary property was touched—(Cheers)—and
at another time when the savages were assembled at the same spot, they
agreed by mutual consent to cease hostilities, and remove to another
district, lest any of the Missionaries should be injured —(Hear, hear,
and cheers.) These were the men of whom the very next paragraph
spoke, stating that the abandoned ruffians who came from this
country—who had been spared by these untutored natives—they had
been robbed and plundered—their lives endangered—their females bru-
tally treated by abandoned ruffians born in this country, and who had
found mercy from the savage.—(Hear, hear.) This gentleman, giving
an account to the Government said, " Heretofore the great powertld
moral influence of the Missionaries has done much to check the natural
turbulence of the natives, but the dissolute conduct of the lower orders
of our countrymen, not only tends to diminish that influence, but to
provoke the resentment of the natives, who, if once excited, produce the
most disastrous consequences."—(Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Buxton) did
not wish to pursue this painful subject further. There were two, and
only two, instances, however, in recent years, in which there had been
something like justice executed ; he referred to that glorious act which
he valued more than the victories of Waterloo or of Blenheim—the re.
storation of their dominions to the Caffres, and the stipulation that they
should be governed on Christian principles.—(Cheers.) And again, lie
alluded to the caseof the Hottentot Aborigines, who had been reduced to
a state of slavery, and who had been restored to their rights, owing to
the exertions which had been made by a gentleman who had been in.
sited to be present there to-day, Sir George Murray, who had made the
Order in Council permanent, and not revokable, so that these natives now
formed a very flourishing settlement.—(Cheers.) When the Aborigines
Committee was sitting, there had been summoned to give evidence the
Secretaries of the Church, of the Wesleyan, and of the London Mis-
sionary Societies, and this question was put to the first, (Mr.
Coates)--" Is it your opinion that Europeans coming in contact
with the native inhabitants—with the exceptionotnecwasesanind
whieh
dangerousrjs;
sions are established—tends to degrade the morals of the natives—to
introduce European vices—to spread among them
diseases—to accustom them to the use of ardent spirits —and of European
arms and instruments of destruction, and prevent the diffusion ofciviliza-
lion, of education, and of Christianity—and that the effect of European
intercourse generally has been, upon the whole, a calamity to heathen
and savage nations ?"

Earl Frrzwutuat here appeared upon the platform, and was much
cheered.

The CHAIRMAN in continuation, expressed his pleasure at seeing the
Noble Earl, and his regret that his Lordship had not arrived in time to
take the Chair. He was remarking that certain queries as to the bane-
ful effects of European intercourse with the natives of foreign
settlements, had been put to Mr. Coates the Secretary of the
Church Missionary Society, and that gentleman had answered
unhesitatingly in the affirmative; and similar answers were given by
Mr. Beecham, the Secretary of the Wesleyan, and Mr. Ellis, the Secre-
tary of the London Missionary Societies.—(Hear, hear, hear.) These
gentlemen were also asked if, in the contentions between the Europeans
and the natives, it had not generally occurred that the Europeans were
in fault ? To which the reply was, from all three, "universally—as
far as our knowledge extends."—(Hear, hear.) Could these things be
true? Could it by possibility be true • that they, who surpassed all
nations (as he believed they did) in commerce and wealth—perhaps in
science and literature—in arts no nation was superior—in arms
none more glorious—and that which was above all, the achieve.
ments of arms and the exploits of genius, in the purity of their
religion—was it possible, he would ask, that they who were blessed with
such blessings by a gracious Providence, should visit the rude barbarian,
and the defenceless savage, and impart to him—what ? Their know-
ledge! No such thing. Their civilization ? No. Their religion? No.
But their vices and their diseases, their crimes, their gun-powder, their
brandya
hutdtair thireoyshould pollutions.—(Hear, hear.) It was deeply to be
regretted he a calamity to every native people they
visited, and yet Britons, civilized persons, Christians too, were proud
of all this. (Hear, hear, hear.) When some devoted men sacrificed
every thing for the noble purpose of carrying instruction to those
poor people, was it not a shame beyond all shame that they should
have to seek shelter from the heathen savage, while they were
plundered and pillaged and attacked by persons born in this
country. Were they to stand as a barrier and impediment to the pro.
gress of Divine truth among those who, but for the conduct of men
calling themselves Christians, would love the name of Christ?—(Hear,
hear.) The worthy Chairman, in conclusion, apologised for having
gone so far into this subject, and notwithstanding their meeting was
public.—(Cheers.) They had only to prove their case, and they
v
small and inconsiderable, yet great confidence was to be placed in the
B
of assistance and support.—(Cheers.) They must
discouraged—they be ,couraged—they must not despair—there was a higher power
than human, whose irrisistible arm would be extended to their aid
even if all mankind should refuse.—(Loud cheers.)
The SECaETAILY then read the Report and the Treasurer's account.
,arintiltst British
plenty
REPORT.

The gigantic efforts of modern commerce—the restless spirit of advene
ture it has created—the augmenting tide of emigration originating in
the superabundant population of the old European States—the occupa-
tion by new cobnies of Aboriginal territory, viewed in connection with
the history of the past influence of colonies on the fate of the Aboriginal
tribes, and the countless wrongs and sufferings that may yet be in-
flicted on myrials of the human family by the operation of the same
causes—are circumstances which, while they demonstrate the iintior-
tance of such a Society as the present, whose labours should be specially
devoted to the interests of the Aborigines, in their preservation and im.
movement, are yet attended with so much perplexity and difficulty, that
your Committee almost instinctively shrink from the very attempt to
meet a task of such magnitude. Conscious, however, of the rectitude
of their motives, the merits of their object, and the force of their respon-
sibility, they have entered on a cause which they are persuaded cannot
be without some valuable results on behalf of that large portion of the
human race for which so little has hitherto been done, but to which so
immense a debt is due.
The abhorred and nefarious slave traffic, which has engaged for so
a period the indefatigable labours of a noble band of British phi_
g ropists for its; suppression and annihilation, can scarcely be regarded
as less atrocious in its character, or destructive its its consequences,
than the system of modern colonisation as hitherto pursued.
The two questions are indeed intimately blended with one another ;
and the energetic spirit that would universally suppress the slave traffic,
cannot rest without a corresponding effort to rescue and elevate the
oa
tl
coloured races at large.
The colossal magnitude of the dependencies of Great Britain is not
merely calculated to awaken the astonishment of all who watch with in-
terest the movements of human society, but to demand a system of en-
lightened, comprehensive, and persevering efforts, that such au instru-
ment of conveying blessings to the human race should not be perverted
by a mistaken policy, by schemes of avarice and ambition, by lust of
conquest, Gene, or wealth, into a mere instrument of evil, equally a
curse to the thousands who inflict it, an the millions who suffer from
it. It can r.o longer be concealed, nor ought it ever to have been con.
coaled, that this mighty caging has been too generally employed hitherto
for purposes that shrink from the light of investigation, whether on the
ground of humanity, justice, or sound policy. British influence and
British resources, British enterprise and British valour, have unhappily
r roved the means of scattering misery and devastation over many a
fair portion of the globe. Great Britain is at the present moment in
communicaton with the uncivilised nations of the world to a far larger
extent than any other power on earth ; and hence, as justly remarked in
the Parliam2ntary Report on Aborigines—" The policy of this country
its relation to them has already affected the interests, and we fear we
may add sacrificed the lives of many thousands, and may yet, in all pro-
bability, influence the character and destiny of millions of the human
race."
It is not affirming too much to say, that whether by the reck-
lessness of individuals, the unprincipled aggressions of public bodies,
or the sanction of legislatures, the national escutcheon of Great Britain
has been deeply stained, during a long course of years, in the inter-
course Englishmen have had with the uncivilised races. Extensive por-
tions of country have been gradually obtained, without an equivalent,
and (Alen with manifest injustice and cruelty, from their rightful A bo.
riginal possessors; the soil has been either depopulated of its original
owners to snake way for its more powerful invaders, men with loftier
pretensions, but often inferior in principle, and with less humanity. By
these men the too.conflding Aborigines, in not a few cases, when
spared, have been saved rather for the convenience and emolument of
these new occupants of the country, than from any consideration as to
their fair claim to protection, friendship, and civilisation.
A far different state of things might have been expected if the cha-
racter of our own free institutions, and the genius of that holy and emi
nentle benevolent religion which we prtfess, had even but partially re-
gulated our intercourse with men we were too much accustomed to
regard as irreclaimable " savages," and, as such, to consider as but the
fair prey of the enterprising, the avaricious, and the powerful. Forget-
ting the supreme and eternal rule of rectitude between man and man,
the foundation of all security, concord, and mutual well being—" to do
unto others as we would they should do unto us"—we have trampled
on the helpless, destroyed the innocent, scorned the cries of the sufferer,
and wielded without relentings the scorpion rod of the oppressor.
A new era has, however, we trust, already began to dawn. One of
its earliest indications is that spirit of inquiry into the subject which
has been awakened at home, and which will, we are persuaded, never
again sink into repose till its great objects of justice and humanity are
accomplished. Many noble and honourable sentiments have from time
to time been expressed, for a long period past, in carefully prepared
documents emanating from the House Executive, and conveyel to the

Executive of our colonial possessions. But the most comprehensive,
the most statesmanlike, the most British, the most Christian document
fall on this great subject, is the dispatch of the Right Hon. Lord Gle-
nelg to Sir Benjamin D'Urban, of 9.fith December, 1835, on the affairs
of the Cape Colony, but containing a just, eloquent, and masterly expo-
sition of the sound principles on which our intercourse with the uncivi-
lised border tribes of our colonies must be conducted.
The public attention now awakened to the subject, and the extensive
diffusion already given to the. dispatch referred to, are operating, we
trust, to remove the reproach of that criminal indifference and apathy
with which the British public have so long treated a subject so identified
with their national character and interests. •
It would not be difficult to account for the existence of that apathy,
were reference made to the influence exercised by powerful commercial
bodies at home and by interested parties in our colonies, in and out of
the Government, in colouring or concealing facts, which if suffered to
obtain the publicity that ought never to have been denied them, would
have awakened sympathy and indignation in far less energetic times than
the present.

The mask is now thrown 4 if—systems are tried by their operations and
results—evidence is laid before the tribunal of public opinion—appeal is
made to the demands of justice, and the essential claims of fair dealing
are upheld and demanded, by a voice of thunder that must be heard in the
seats of Government in the Canadas—along the banks of the Orinoco
and the Amazon—through the wilds of Africa and the swamps of Aus-
tralia—from the frozen dwellings of Labrador to the palmy banks of the
Indies—in the Councils which govern the destiny of millions—and the
hut of the New Zealander, and the kraal of the Caffre and the Zoola.
Turning from these general remarks on the condition of the Abori-
gines of our Colonies, and of other nations, the Committee of the Abori-
gines' Protection Society, now proceed to the business which seems its
special province on this occasion, namely, to explain the origin, the de-
sign, the incipient labours, and the prospective efforts of this Society,
and thus to exhibit its claim to the patronage of an enlightened public.
Although not a circumstance of the highest moment, the Committee
have thought it right to notice briefly in this, the First Report of the
Society, the circumstances which gave rise to the Society itself.
The attention of several highly benevolent individuals, it is well known,
has been for many years past actively directed to the consideration of
the condition and claims of the Aborigines in our Colonies and of the
coloured races generally, especially with the view of devising some means
by which their existence might be preserved and their situation amelio.
rated. Among these benevolent and public-spirited individuals your Com-
mittee consider it due to place in the foremost rank their highly respected
President, Thos. Fowell Buxton. Esq. His absence from the present Par-
liament, arising from whatever cause, is the more regretted by this So.
ciety, as it may be one principal reason that no important practical mea.
sures, of a legislative character, have yet resulted from the suggestions
contained in the Parliamentary Report on the state of the Aborigines.
His health, this Society trusts, will be ere long sufficiently established to
enable him to continue his valuable efforts on behalf of the coloured
races in his place in the House of Commons.
The Committee feel it incumbent on them to record an expression of
the obligations of the Society to its earliestfriend, the indefatigable and
philanthropic Dr. Hodgkin. To his disinterested and persevering exer-
tions in favour of the coloured races generally, almost every section of
the world owes a debt of gratitude; and to this gentleman:the Committee
feel bound to accord the honour of being recognised as sub.tantially the
Father and Founder of the Aborigines Protection Society.
Some preliminary meetings of gentlemen known to cherish a lively
interest in the general question, led to the formation of a Committee,
whose labours were much aided and facilitated by the zealous co-opera-
tion of the Society's first Honorary Secretaries, Saxe Bannister, Esq.,
late Attorney. General of New South Wales, and W. Higgins, Esq. Pres-
sure of other engagements having led these gentlemen to relinquish
office in the Secretarial of the Society, lending their efficient aid, how-
ever, as members of the Committee, the present Secretaries were re.
quested to accept the office.

In the original conception of the Society, it was deemed eligible to
embrace Foreign as well as British localities, so that the attention and
efforts of the Society might not be restricted to the Aborigines in our
own Colonies, but extended, so far as circumstances might admit, to the
condition of Aborigines in every part of the world. The advantages con-
nected with this comprehension of object need not now be detailed. It
may be sufficient to allude to the great and painfully interesting ques-
tion of the Slave Trade, in all its numerous ramifications, with the con_
dition of Haiti, and the independent tribes in the interior of Western,
Southern, and Eastern Africa.

A circumstance which gave considerable impulse to the incipient plans
and efforts of this Society was the publication, in 1836, of the evidence
taken before the Select Committee of the Honourable the House of Corn_
mobs, "appointed to consider what measures ought to be adopted with
regard to the Native Inhabitants of countries where British Settlements
are made, &c." That publication was accompanied by an intimation
that a well digested Report could not then be prepared, as a portion of the
evidence was not yet printed. The desired Report was subsequently
laid before the llouse, and printed by its order, under date June-1837.
Of that Report,. as a whole, your Committee feel bound to express
their conviction that a more important document, relating to the pros-
pective interests of millions of the human race, was never laid on the
table of either Houso of Parliament.
. _

_ .......
Impressed With a deep sense of its value and adaptation to secure a
more general and enlightened attention to the question of the Abori-
gines, your Committee felt that they could not render a more important
service to the cause they had undertaken than to reprint the " Report "
in a form better suited to general circulation, and separate from the
mass of evidence which, though of incalculable value, rendered the ori-
ginal Parliamentary publication far too voluminous fur the special ob-
jects contemplated by the Society.
. .

A further reason which induced the Committee to resolve on this re-
publication was the fact that, the large portion of evidence' taken
and printed respecting the late Caffre war, was not made so prominent
in the Report as, in the judgment of the Committee, the case demanded.
The objects originally contemplated by the Society having undergone
some slight modifications, have been ultimately adopted in the form ex-
pressed in the Regulations and Address published by the Society last
year.

Th 3 fundamental object of the Society is declared to be " To assist in
protecting the defenceless, and promoting the advancement of Uncivi-
lized Tribes," and towards accomplishing this object the Society pur-
poses directing its labours, first, "to the collection of authentic infor-
mation concerning the character, habits and wants of uncivilized tribes,
and especially those in or near the British Colonies;" and, second, " to
communicate, in cheap publications, those details which may excite the
interest of all classes, and thus insure the extension of correct opinions."
The various points to which the attention of the Comnfittee has been
directed shall be now briefly recapitulated.
The first has been to open a correspondence with intelligent and bene-
volent individuals abroad, whose local information and influence the

Committee could not but regard as invaluable. They are happy in being
able to state that they have opened a correspondence with individua4
friendly to their objects in the following parts of the world :
South Africa Upper Canada South Sea Islands

Bombay New South Wales New York
South Australia Western Australia Brazils
The Committee are desirous of being favoured with communications
from well-informed gentlemen resident in all the various localities to
which the Society directs its attention. They beg respectfully to invite
such communications, conveying the most specific and authentic
Bence of all circumstances connected with the Aborigines, as the most
effectual means of guiding the Society to the adoption of wise and appro-
priate measures on their behalf.
NORTH AMERICA.
The attention of the Committee was directed in a very early stage o
its proceedings, to the condition of the North American Indians in our
Canadian Colonies. A Memorial on their behalf, though not precisely
originating with this Society, but entrusted to its care, and signed by
many of its members, was presented to Lord Glenelg, and, it is hoped,
not without some effect. The Committee have had various interviews
with the intelligent and interesting representative of those Indians from
the River Credit, the Rev. Peter Jones; and they ardently hoped that

his visit to England, aided by the zealous co-operation of the Wesleyan

Missionary Society, may not be without extensive and permanent benefit
to that remnant of a tine race of people, whose unhappy lot cannot fail to

arrest the sympathy of the humane in every quarter of the globe.
The Committee has looked, with a feeling bordering on dismay, on the
system, they can scarcely refrain from designating as unrighteous, of re-
moving from their paternal lands the comparatively small remnant of a
once flourishing race of men, to a situation scarcely capable of support-
ing any portion of the human family, and that man could only desire as
a quiet grave from the insatiate appetite of an invader and oppressor.
On the appointment of the Right Hon. the Earl of Durham as Gover-
nor-General of all her Majesty's Possessions in North America, the Com-
mittee resolved on memorializing his Excellency on behalf of the Canadian
Indians, and although an opportunity was not afforded them of present-
ing the Memorial, with its appendix of valuahle official documents, in
person, they have received from Charles Buller, jun., Esq., Secretary to
his Lordship, a communication assuring them, by his Lordship's desire,
" That every attention shall be paid to the intere3ting subject to which
the Society had called his attention ;" adding, "You need not doubt that
it will be the first wish of his Government, in all its transactions with the
Native Tribes, to take every precaution that justice and humanity may
suggest for their protection."
The Committee have been gratified in learning from a communication
conveyed to them by one of their number, Sir Augustus D'Este, " that
the Colonial Office has adopted some favorable measures respecting the
title deeds, for the time to come, to secure to the Canadian Indians the
quiet and uninterrupted enjoyment of their small reservations of Land."
The Committee are not yet acquainted with the precise nature of those
measures, and are therefore not able to pronounce any further opinion
on them.

That important changes in the manner of treating the American In.
dians of our Colony In the Canadas, had become highly expedient,
stronger evidence need not be adduced than that contained in the despatch
of Sir George Murray, January 25, 1830, in which he remarks " what-
ever may have been the reasons which have hitherto recommended an
adherence to the present system, I am satisfied that it ought not to be
persisted in for the future, and that so enlarged a view of the nature of
our connections with the Indian Tribes should be taken as may lead to
the adoption of proper measure 3 for their preservation and improve-
ment, whilst at the same time, the obligations of moral duty and sound
policy should not be lost sight of."
