THE FUNDS.---(THIS I)AY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
An increased animation was experienced in the Stock
Market yesterday, owing to the demand for transfers being
considerable.

This being settling day in Consols there is little doing,
except arranging the accounts. The extreme fluctuation
during the Account has been about 44 per Cent. To the
present time we do not hear of any failures. Consols may
be quoted at present better for Money than for Time.
Consols 80-a for Money ; for Time, 90i ; Exchequer
Bills, 24 prem. ; India Bonds, 13 prem. ; Bank Stock,
210. In the Foreign Market little doing as yet. Spanish
Active, 24-i ; Passive, 7i ; Deferred, 111 s ; Portu-
guese 471 ; Three per Cents, 291 30.
It is a Bear account in Consols.
Our arrivals this morning arc the French, °Acrid,
Dutch, and Hamburg mails ; and ship letters from Jamaica,
Bombay, Aug. 31, and Ceylon, Sept. 10.
We have received the Journal of Antwerp, of yester-
day's date, bringing the Dutch prices ; 21 per Cents. 544 ;
5 per Cents. 1011.
Bombay papers have been received to Aug. 28. The
following items of Canton intelligence we take from the
Calcutta Engliskman of the 11th August :
" COTTOL—Remains without improvement, and of the
better descriptions there is little or none in the market.
Our
quotations are reduced, but fine Cotton is wanted,
and the first arrivals of new are anxiously expected. The
clearances since February have been unusually large, and
our present stock is moderate, consisting of Bengal,
22,145 ; Bombay, 2,439 ; Madras, 1,869 ; t0ta1,25,653 bales.
OPIUM.—The clearances in the last month have been
large, particularly of Malwa, which is almost daily advanc-
ing in price, from the Bombay ships keeping out, as the
time approaches for providing the supplies for the junks
Proceeding to the North. A report has again revived
within these two days of a Bombay arrival, and the vessel
is detained outside, as the Chinese have :spread a report to
keen down the prices. Patna and Benares have been in
less request, but the demand appears to be reviving. In
new Patna little has been done since our last arrival.,
Small lots have been sold at 675 drs. No demand fa
Beneras.
" The arrival of the William Nicol has not affected, the
price of Malwa, sales of which have been made at 65
dollars per chest. The old is nearly out of the market."
By private letters from Mocha, it appears that the c. holera
was raging there. The Company's Agent, the Cap tain of
a brig, and forty-two others, were carried off h:y it in
one day.
The following is an extract of a letter from a gent tlemau
who has just arrived, from Mocha :—" The slavery carried
ort at this port has lately astonished me. It is encouraged
by the Egyptian authorities, owing to the duty- of two
dollars levied on each slave passing through the Custom-
house. I have ascertained that, within the last ten days,
near 700 women, or rather girls, from ten, siVteen, and -
eighteen years, have been imported. They look wretched
from starvation, receiving just food enough to zeep them
alive."

HALF-PAST DAVE.
From the Madrid Gazette of the 2d inst. :
The following is a list of the first subscript7,ons ..which
the Patriots have deposited at the Bank of Saint Ferdinand
for the widows and children of heroes killed in Bilb oa
D. J. Alavarez y Mendizabal, 4,000 reels.
Don Andre Arango, 2,000 reals.
Don Mangin Coromina, Agent of the Manufacto ries of
Catalonia, 3,000 reals.
Don Fontanello, Commissary of Commerce of Bare &lona,
3,000 reals.
No doubt these generous examples will be follow Iby
many more.
Several Spaniards residing at Paris have decided to ai nen
a subscription in favour of the victims of the siege of
Bilboa.

Owing to the Bears having put off to the last moms nt
the settling of their Account, and the Bulls having takt
advantage of it, there appears to be a very great scarcity of
stock in the Market.
Consols are 89i for Money, and 898 4for the Accoun tit
Exchequer Bills 22 prem. ;;India Bonds 12 14 prem. ; Ban.
Stock 2091.
In the I oreign Market Spanish Active 2411 ; De forre4a
11-a ; Passive 78 ; Portuguese 471 ; Three per 1;30.05 '
29i 30 ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 54.
THREE O'CLOCK
Consols for the Account, 898
