The hanker, too, must have means to lend ; and his
means are principally gathered from the deposits of I
tradesmen and others, many of which come from the
payments of the farmer, which, on the supposition of
the Chronicle, the banker is to lend him money to
%%41111041. If he do not send his corn to marker, and
pay his debts on the tradesmen and annuitants,
and mortgagees of the landlord, they can have
nothing to pay into the bank, and the banker's
resources will not enable the farmer to keep
their corn from the market and starve the people.
This is particularly the case now, when the
country bankers cannot, as they used to do, borrow
money from the public by issuing small notes at no
interest to lend to the farmers at a profit. That nice
privilege is almost exclusively reserved for the Bank of
England. Its notes have been made a legal tender,
and have a great advantage over those of other banks.
To lend to farmers, the country bankers must borrow
of the Bank of England—the grand and legalised
monopolist of borrowing at no interest—at 3, or 4, or
5 per cent. interest, and the country bankers, therefore,
cannot accommodate their customers at the same rate
and to the same extent as the Bank of England
can and does accommodate its customers, the corn-
factors and money classes who live about the metro-
polis. The supposition of the Chronicle is that
the farmer by borrowing of the country banker
can compete with the corn factor, in withhold-
ing his corn from the market ; but all the ad-
vantages of that contest are on the side of the
corn factor, and the poor farmer not having the same
money resources as the other, and being under an obli-
gation to sell, is sure to lose by such competition.
Whether his situation would not be much improved by
a complete free trade in money, is a question into
which we shall not now enter ; but we are quite sure
that it would be very much improved by the abolition
of the Corn-laws, which, in proportion as it reduced
rents, would reduce the obligations of the indebted and
enslaved farmer.

We inserted yesterday a letter from another sufferer
under the vexatious and un-English system which
prevails at the Custom-house ; and if every one ag-
grieved were to write, we should soon, in place of two,
have ten thousand letters on our table, complaining of
the arbitrary and useless regulations of the Board of
Customs. Were the revenue really benefitted, or
smuggling in any way checked, the public would have
no reason to complain, but as it is, nothing of the sort
is effected, for were all the luggage of passengers exa-
mined by competent authorities as each leaves the
vessel, the revenue would be as completely protected as
it is by this despotic regulation, fit only for the meridian
of Turkey or Russia. The public naturally ask what
foreign articles they could conceal from :the eyes of a
Custom-house officer in ordinary portmanteaus or car-
pet bags ? They could not carry ashore brandy, or
gin, or tobacco, or glass, or any of the highly taxed
foreign articles, to any greater amount than they now
do either in their pockets or in their hands openly,
before five or six of these guardians of the public re-
venue ; and would it be worth the trouble or expense
for individuals to make a trade of importing in small
quantities such articles as lace, or glass, or books,
or most others, which, on an average, do not
pay a duty of thirty per cent. ? The duty on
prints is a mere trifle—lace is so well made in
this country, that little preference is given to the
foreign article—we are competing successfully with the
French in the silk trade, we beat them far in the
cotton trade, in cutlery, in cloth, and in most articles
of apparel or of daily use, Nsith the exception of
coverings for the hands `and feet. In these they far
surpass us ; but how could the revenue suffer by a
passenger putting, in the corner of a carpet bag or
portmanteau, as many of either as could, even by acci-
dent, escape the long fingers of the Custom-house
officer, were every package searched expeditiously be-
fore it was taken from the steam-,hip ? Trinkets or
fancy ribbons, or articles of small size, might occa-
sionally escape, but not to the tenth part of the
quantity that may he carried ashore, according
to the present system, either in the large pockets
or about the slender person, of a Cockney's
wife. We believe very little of that sort of
traffic is carried on at present, thanks to the general
honesty of the public and the small temptation to
smu:=,gle, and not to the wisdom of the well-paid Com-
missionerw who compose the Board of Customs. The
system altogether 14 one of pure anuoyance—one of
the expiring remnants, we hope, of the old Tory anti-
commercial code—a needless obstruction to communi-
cation between two countries that should ever be
united—a scandal to the free spirit of the people of
England, and a subject for reproach from foreign
Conservatives, who delight in scoffing at our Liberal
Government. If the aggrieved public only do their
duty, they will save Mr. Pout. ET r Titomso 4 and
co!leao,ues from this disgrace, as they have saved them

from many others.
We shall keep this subject before the public until
the nuisance be abated. In the meantime, we insert
in another column, an excellent article from the
Morning Yost, denouncing the grievance in an in-
iligvant spirit, and suggesting a remedy somewhat
similar to :Air own.

The Bath Political Deorionstvatkii tq have
ono off with great spirit. Not less than fifteen thou-
sand persona aro computed to have been upon the
()round, a fact which the Tories will of course make
a point of impugning, as its obvious tendancy, taken
in connexion with the, itunierotri It form meetings
that have been lately held in other districts, tq
falsify, iit the most unequivocal manner, their fa-
vourite, aid often.repeated dogma of a reaction. But
it not so !null the mere nuinbeps that wg eve about;
as the spirit that characterized this significant
political meeting. This—if we except on or two
crotchctty theories urged by speakers who, however
sincere and well-intentioned, are remarkable rather for
their zeal than their discretion—was all that could
have been desired. It was manly, temperate, sa-
gacious, and strictly within the limits of the Consti.
tution. Colonel NAPlEtt's speech, in particular,
was admirable of its kind, especially in its allusions to
the Ballot. without which, we perfectly agree with the
gallant speakei, there can be no such thing as
a representative Parliament in the strictly popular
sense of the term. Glad should we be to find the
Radical Reformers concentrating their energies for the
agitation of this great legislative measure, instead of
distracting their attention by a variety of schemes and
propositions, which, they can scarcely fail to per-
ceive, are at present impracticable. The Ballot
may, by union and energy on the part of the
people, be carried ; but who can venture to say
as much for Annual Parliaments or Universal
Suffrage ? No one denies the right of the people to
these Reforms ; they are guaranteed to them by the
Constitution, and are bottomed on reason and justice;
but the question is, is it expedient, in times like the
present, to agitate for their adoption, when the chances
are a hundred to one against them ? Is it not far bet-
ter to bestir ourselves for those Reforms which are
attainable, and which, when carried, will be the
means of enabling us to secure those which just now
are, to all appearance, unattainable ? Gain the Ballot,
and Annual Parliaments and Universal Suffrage will
follow in due time as a matter of course ; but couple
all three together, and agitate for them just as if they
were to be carried at one and the same period, and

you injure the question of the Ballot, without in the
slightest degree promoting the other two.

Mr. O'CONNELL has written an e%cellent letter on

the subject of slavery in the United States, which will
be found another column. It puts his conduct towards
Mr. STEPHENSON, which before seemed rather ob-
scure, in a clear and certain light ; but his letter re-
flects no honour on the men of the United States,
whom our Chartists are so extremely anxious to imi-
tate. They suppose that those who have the power to
legislate will always make good laws for them-
selves ; and, therefore, they conclude that, with
Universal Suffrage, good laws would be made
for the whole community. Their supposition is
wrong, and, of course, their conclusion false. The
existence of slavery, for example, is quite as in-
jurious to the morals, the peace, and the happiness of
the slave-owner as of the slave himself ; and if the
planters of Virginia comprehended their own interest
as human beings, they would make a law to abolish
slavery. They make laws to preserve it. We do not
believe that our Chartists would be wiser law-makers
than the Virginian planters.
We shall hereafter refer to the subject.

Mr. O'CoNNELL has published a second letter to
the people of Ireland, which our readers will find in
another part of this Journal. In his former letter,
Mr. O'CoNNzLL set forth, in his own animated and
forcible manner, the various grievances under which
Ireland labours ; in this his object is, first, to show
that it is impossible to obtain redress for these griev-
ances without the utmost exertions on the part of the
Irish people themselves, and second, to point out the
means by which those exertions may be rendered most
available to the end in view. It will be seen that only
the first of these heads is touched upon in the present
letter, the second being reserved for the subject of ano-
ther address.

The nine specific causes of complaint into which all
the grievances of Ireland are resolved by Mr. O'CON-
NELL are divided into two classes—executive and
legislative—the major number belonging to the former
class. This division naturally leads to a consideration
of the merits of the Irish administration under Lord
NORMANDY, to which Mr. O'CONNELL ascribes
great and well merited praise, and from which, while
it continues, he expects progressive relief from the
evils which are included under the executive branch of
his subject. " From the five first (grievances)" says
Mr. O'CoNNELL, " the continuance in office of a
Ministry disposed to do justice to Ireland naturally
tends to relieve us. The restoration to power of the
Tories would aggravate all these mischiefs, and either
perpetuate them, or render a convulsive movement
necessary in order to their termination. These ars
irresistible reasons for our giving all the support we
can to the present Ministry, to the exclusion of their
opponents." " The Whig Administration of Lord
MELBOURNE," adds he in another part of his letter,
" has acted in Ireland, with impartiality, energy, and
justice to all. Lord NORMANRY, for the first time

n six hundred years, has showed that Ireland migi

be governed without undue favour to one party, or
any oppression to the other. He holds the scales of
justice even, and knows no distinction but that of
merit. The heart of Ireland is full of gratitude to

him and his colleagues."
To the sentiments here uttered by Mr. O'CONNELL
all Ireland will heartily subscribe. Never, we believe,
in the history of the world, were the happy effects of
justice, kindness, moderation, and humanity on the
part of the governing powers so suddenly and so
strikingly exemplified as during the few years that
Lord NORMANBT has been at the head of the Irish
Government. We have witnessed the singular spec-
tacle of a people goaded to desperation by oppression
no less insulting than cruel—driven by the denial of
justice, by religious persecution, in short, by every
means within the power of a malignant, cowardly, and
bloodthirsty faction accidentally in the ascendant
though intr;nsically insignificant, to throw off the
restraints of order and law, and reduced, to all ap-
pearance, to a state of barbarism—we have seen this
people, as if by the force of enchantment, restored at
once to peace and happiness. And how 1144' this
mighty conquest been aphieved p What subtle charm
has Lord NORMANBY used to effect this moral retro-
intim in the conduct of the Irish people ? Simply
this, he has reversed the whole process of Irish go-
vernment ; he has scattered to the winds the influence
of that anti-national clique who, governing the Trish
Government; ruled the country with JEt rod of op-
pression, and monopolized with characteristic greedi-
ness, that patronage and those advantages which
ought to have been extended tQ the community.
No one now hides the sun from another. The road -
to honour is open alike to all, merit alone being
the
passport to distinction, When was impart:'..-
rule of the Irish Government before ? IvVhe.anil before
had had the Irish people that which Ep-'
highly—fair play ? Never sin,.e c;uslmen prize so
- 4:110NpBOW landed
at Watrrford.

To rnumerale all tLe benefits which the Marquis of
NortmANßY'§ Ciovernment has conferred upon Ire.
land, wonld far exceed our present purpose,
our as well as
limited space. We shall therefore content our-
selves with alluding to one great cause of the
tranquillity which now reigns in Ireland, and
for which alts 14 indebted to her present
_ruler. Lord
Nonm a NBY has inspired the people with respect for,
an 4 cOnfidiclicQ ilk Om law. Thee fettling had
almost entirely yanished from the hearts of Irishmen.
And no wonder. When the law is administered without
the least regard to justice ; %)..lien the man connected with
the dominant faction in politics, and the favoured sect
in religion, is always seen to gain, and his ante,
;onist, having neither of these r.ccnrcirnewlations, to
lose his cause, the majesty. of the law soon becomes a
jest, and, as a natural consequence the people take the
law into their own hands. Hence the awful ex-
cesses which haye so often tnarW the proceedings of
those whom the maladministration of the law
has driven beyond its pale. Had Lord NOR-
NIA NISI' C po§SC2gies.A no olner merit -.thank• that of
placing justice on that judgment seat, to whicli she
had become a stranger, and thus rekindling in the breasts
of his fellow-countrymen that love of order, and that
reverence for the law, without which there is and can
he no foundation for the social system, he would have
0 wishes to
been entitled to the lasting gratitude_ of the Irish nation.
For the arguments which Mr. O'CONNELL advances,
in order to make go-Al his proposition that Ireland
which the feeling in
must work out her own alvatious if sh
be free, we must refer our reaidsersmetoasutlriedlettbir
itself. Some of them appear to us to be very
cogent and well put, others we are bound to
otrifynthe last general election strike us as
particular,to%vara towards
Ihrydand
are in the
say—that
lia(ei this
result tclol
a country
n
singulam ly weak, if not altogether untenable. If we
might presume to offer advice to Mr. O'CONNELL
we would suggest that he should revise his letters
ib„.eefoserenthelegtti?vres
scale
to lire Thee
which by such a
process might easily have been avoided.

Our advices from Constantinople, ar© of the 27th
ultimo. No recent intelligence had been received at
the British Embassy from Persia, but the impresision
was that our Ambassador, at the solicitation of the
SCIIA rr, had been persuaded to resume
dorm
in
his functions.
syria:
ci
Though the
ft 4 peopleDrusesi have
havebeen n 0 t
the great massyet made up their
minds to acknowledge the Sovereignty of the Egyptian
Viceroy. Numerous bands are still in arms in the moun-
tains. From Circassia the news consists of vague ru-
mours, but they are all unfavourable to Russia. The
following communication from Alexandria is copied
from our Contemporary, the Morning Advertiser.
The subject is an important one, but whether the cir-
curnstauces stated by the writer be or be not correctly

reported, we have at present no means of judging with
any degree of moral certainty
_

" ALEXANDRIA, AUG. 26, 1838.-0 a the 16th instant, Mr.
Cocklett, in company with Colonel Campbell, who went at
the former's request, waited on his Highness the Pacha, hav-
ing sent through Baghas Bey, the previous evening,* formal
communication from the French Government, dated the 27th
of July, to the effect that they had heard with surprise the
Riches intention to declare his independence ; but in the
event of his doing so, they would consider it as non parvenue,
and instantly send a fleet to blockade Alexandria and the
coast of Syria. That they had consulted with England, Rus-
sia, and Austria, all of which coincided in this view of the sub-
ject, and the respective Consuls of each would receive instruc-
tions to make a similar communication to his Highness ; and
finally, they wished an answer in writing to his Highness,
stating his future intentions. The Pacha addressed Mr. Cock-
lett, saying that he had perused the note containing the corn.
munication, which certainly had caused him surprise, particu-
larly the harsh tone in which it was dictated, forming so
great a contrast with the communication previously received
from the English Government, the spirit, being so very diffe-
rent, for although it disapproved of the step he intended to
take, still it was full of friendly argument to endeavour to
oonvince the Pacha that by seeking his independence he would
rather injure than improve his position. however, con-
tinued his Highness, I owe too much deference to the French
Government, to presume to address them by any argument,
but that they may rest assured that I have no intention of
pursuing hostilities towards the Porte. In a few days I leave
on my annual tour through the Delta, and from thence to
Cairo, preparatory to going up to Senna, to visit the gold
mines; that he hoped the French and English Governments
would reconsider the subject, and his Highness's position, and
what he owed to his family, in just' ce to whom he could not
abandon his project of independence. The Pacha therefore
leaves in a few days, and about the Ist of October will start for
Senna. The mines are five days' distance from there by land,
and he hopes to accomplish the journey in 25 days going, and
less returning ; he goes in the steamer, if possible, to Wadi
Halfi, and from thence by land.
" We are without any fresh cases of plague."

Letters and Papers from Madrid of the 10th inst
have reached us this morning. Their contents sug-
gests gloomy forebodings of the career of the new
Cabinet. BALMASEDA was before Valladolid at the
head of 4,000 Carlists, and, acting in conjunction with
the Curate MERINO, it was feared that he would suc-
ceed in an attack upon that town. This news reached
the Capital on the 9th, and on the heels of it came a
deputation from the Corporation of Madrid, with a
long address to the QUEEN complaining of certain
appointments in the Cabinet, and ending with
suggestions for the removal of a host of national
grievances. The QUEEN handed over the Ad-
dress to the Duke DE FRIAs, with a recom-
mendation to deliberate upon it. An Address to
the same effect, from a Provincial Deputation, was
to be presented to her MAJESTY on the evening of the
10th. Taken altogether, the affairs of Spain were
never in a more critical condition than they appear to
be at the present moment.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Monday have
been received. On Sunday the Ambassadors of
Spain, Holland, Saxony, Bavaria, Hanover, Saxe-
Weimar, and Hesse Darmstadt, obtained an audience
of the KING for presenting his MAJESTY with the
answers of their respective Governments to the notifi-
cation of the birth of the Count of PARIS. These an-
swers are said to have been exceedingly gratifying to his
MAJESTY. The Swiss question is the theme of much
discussion in these Journals, but until the final decision
of the Diet be made known, nothing further can be
said about it of any interest to an English reader. Of
news, with the exception of the subjoined extracts,
there is none worth communicating in these Papers :
The Captain of the Emma, recently arrived from the West
Indies at Marseilles, states hat the French brig the Amelia
Maria was wrecked on the Ist of July in the Gulf of Mara-
caibo, and fell into the power of the Indians, who massacred
the greater part of the crew. Some troops sent to their as-
sistence by the authorities of Maracaibo succeeded in regaining
possession of the brig, and in rescuing the Captain and some
of the passengers.
Mlle. Dejazet, the inimitable actress of the Palais Royal,
succeeded a short time since, if we are to believe the account
given by the Moniteur Parisien, in treading over boards never
stepped over but once before by female foot. It appears that
she disguised herself as a young dandy en voyage,and with two
male companions introduced herself as a beau cavalier into the
GrandiChartreuse, near Grenoble. By the rule of their order
the Chartreux are strictly interdicted from admitting females
within their walls under any pretence whatever, and we have
been informed that at the monastery in question the rule was
never violated before but by an English lady, who employed
similar artifice.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pasts, Ssrrivisice 17.
LATEST P LUXES.
Five per Cents. 10 45c.
Three per Cents. 80f. 90c.
Bank Actions, 2,61 f,
Romani_
Beirit.nt Loan, 104 4.
1,140 f,
Spanish Aotives, 20Na
hignish Dina's, S.
Spanish PaiiiVUS,
VU.' Ds —AMSTERDAM, SEPT. 17.
Money. 111113.
Actual Debt, 24 per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per mit
A tnort Svmtip,4t4 per rent 95 95%
Dittg, (Otto, 3% per cent 794 79$
Commercial Company, 4..> per cent 1674 165%
Ditto (1A.1".2 and 1g33) 5 per cent.
Loan in; 4 per cent.
Ditto 1837, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month
Two mon
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—Beauv

s9S,
124
05

St. Schuh!. Sch., 4 per cent
PrusAan Eng;ish Loan, 1830, 4N.
14-xchange on Landon, thrP
—Prussian Slate Gav-
THE MAT'

SErr. 13.
Bills. Money.
101% ',102%
per cent la 3 to-2N
montnl 6 22%
at, Sept. 14.

....KETS.-(THIS DAY.)
CORN-EXCHANGE.
are again small fresh supplies of English Corn and
~ and a considerable quantity of Foreign Wheat. There
.ave been scarcely any samples of English Wheat at market
to-day, and its value can scarcely be reported. In Foreigx
Wheat there have been some transactions at Monday's prices.
Barley and Beans support last currency. Oats maintain their
value, with a slow sale. In the Flour trade sales have been
effected to a limited extent, at previous rates.
ARRIVALS.
Whoat. Barley. Oats. Floor.
lbh Irish • 2,590 qrs. 1,2'29 qrs. I 1,130 qrs. 3,830 licks
Foreign
4,180 -1, ;70
NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL.
Meat was in good supply, but the demand dull, and prices,
where altered, lower. Beef, 2s. 6d. to 3s. 6d. ; Mutton,
23. Bd. to 3s. Bd. ; Veal, 33. 6d. to 4s. Gd. ; Pork, 3s. 6d. to
45. 8d ; Irish, 3a. to 3s. 6d. Game and Poultry in good
supply, but trade dull, and prices are without any variation
from our last quotations. The following are for each, and not
for a couple or pair :-Hares, Bs. to 4s. ; Leverets, Is. Gd. 'to
28. Gd. ; Partridges, is. to 2s. ; Grouse, 2s. to 4s. ; TlY..key
Poults, ss. ; Fowls, 3s. to 4s. 6d. ; Chickens,
23. 61. ; Ducks, 2s. to 2s. 63. ; Geese, ss. ed. tr, 6s. 6d.;
go , ss. to 63. 93. per 120. lid, to
E

Flow

l)rls.

FISH MARKET.
Cod Fish to-day rate more plentiful, tv,,d prices rather
lower ; Turhot, a. to 203. ; Soles, ad, tV, 2s. 63. per pair ;
fotr,tori, Dd. to 2s. 6d. each; Salmon,
lb.; Cod, 2s. to Bs.; Whiting, 2d. to 6d. Haddock, ,1c7.. to
Is. each. 10c1. to Is. 2d. per'

HOP MARKET,.
The Market inactive still ; prices cannot be nuotecl accu-
rately. The picking goes on well, t_ a
and tne craty fluctuates.
To-day it is reported at 155,000.

. .
SPIRIT!::ARKET.
This .id up to the time we* went to press
animationmarket i
hads quiet,
nooccurred in the price) of Brandy from
yesterday's qu'Aations. The stock of Rum is 11,643 puns.
and 884 Wads. British Corn Spirits reroain. as befbre.
OIL MARKET.
There is a fair demand in this market for most, iitscriptions
by private contract, and the high prices of ' Nllow causes
prices to be firm. This remark applies both tr I Fish and Seed
Oils.

TALLOW MARK ET.
P. Y. C. to-day is 535. both v,aya.
COLONIAL MARKETS .
There is decidedly a !,otter feeling to p• urcha lo in these
markets, and prices, lAsough not higher, ar c firm er. B. P.
Sugar sellsßfi rnoe7steadily .
dta.ot :05' eis6st.2e
sr; d. a6yd's. yellowpr
The
clheoesw, II: i
onnifkgfioirsom
1111,:ymsbui3ps6p.
,os6rldt3s.
2783. i
hhds. and trs., beinF. 10,477 more the at it w As la.st year.
Fine crushed refined is 335. 6d. To-d ay •we .b.„,re but few
public sate., and all of them light. Tw 3 small parcels o
Sugar, one of Cuba and the other or s
iam, sold at pre-
vious rates. Two small parcels of Coif ce,
one of Mocha
and the other of Cuba, both of
spirit, and realized former rates fully, which sold with
A Ginger fetched its former value, as d.; small parcel of
Cocoa, the quotations of which are 40s. d 50 bags Grenada
to-day are light. For to-morrow we hr to 525. The Imports
Colonial Produce worth notice, but
Drugs. The stock of Bengal Suga m
Willa, 68,831 bags ; Mauritius, 79,163 r eves
some
n eo
heavy public
sales sales
of of
is 12,916 bags ; Ma-
boxes. Coffee :—The stock of W bags; Havannah, 18,661
and 3,824 barrels and bags ; Ce• est India is 3,581 casks,
3,228 bales; Brazil, 43,904 bags. ylon, 6,386 bags; Mocha,
LIVERPOOL CORN 7

The attendance of millers .cIARK ET, SEPT. 18.
change this morning was large, and dealers at our Corn Ex-
done in Wheat at full the rat and a considerable business was
few instances an advance c es of Tuesday last, and in some
picked samples. Newly arriv f 2d. per 70 lb. was obtained for
In Oats there was a fair ed Irish sold at 93. 3d. per 70 lbs.
ing fully supported, while' business done, the former rates be-
-270 lbs. advance, good Oatmeal realised fully 6d. per
There was also a go,
the full prices of last r AI demand for barrel and sack Flour at
pr 280 lbs. ,eek ; a sample of new Irish sold at 545.
LIVERPOOI •
The sales to-da' COTTON MARKET, SEPT. 18.
prices. are 2,0(0 bags, without any alteration in
