aim.

LONDON :
Skrri
-"AY EVENING, FEBRUARY 9, 1839.

(E.VENING EDITIO N.)

41'17 74101:sTr's Answer to the Address was read in
(tl'atic:citlistlearoyf. Lords last night, and contained nothing
filet 4:1 131toncrwt having asked whether any satis-
litial: information had been received from the Mauri-
tiN.reartive to the extinction of slavery, received an an-
t4kei f?na Lord GLENELG that measures had been
%Yri,libLe effect the termination of the apprenticeship
eeliti":', either with or without the consent of the
Lja", Which Lord BROUGIIAM considered satisfactory.
1.1a4 q-1.-ErrELG then announced to the Peers that he
cOterday resigned his office as Colonial Secretary,
tettl.,Plaence of some change of offices basing been
-dub; the Cabinet, of which he did not approve.
I;CirtIS:I,;:.4OUGHANI, after presenting a petition on the
°nl t 1 gave notice that on Friday or Monday he
414ia that evidence be produced at the Bar
1113 Nitirnt laws. d' t' what Lord JOHN
t."" The Earl of RIPON took that
SgxY to state, contra lc mg
I.` had stated the previous evening in the House
° tllnn', that he was in Earl GREY'S Cabinet,
ri4Litieet-r,..ll'lavy was not ?pen. question, but that the
'lt'. I/ were decided to maintain that scheme. of plun
„fi'ern,,ll.° anxious is this poor Peer to convict himself
b." 4 th,"nng Worse than folly. Lord FITZWILLIA.M Sepxoakge.
,erat subject, and expressed regret at the
ll
et_
lc" aced
language used on both sides. The we
cr3D": rise nicely-balanced phrases, hut that. can-nfoi..l
thriil)%l,,,te(l of hungry and untutored men. His Lon
totale 8 480 to think that the people who demand
Loraibrqeal of the Corn-laws are not in earnest ;
Lora RoticliAst satisfied him that he was mistaken.
*tntanEEN ade some observations on the
tenkled°minetrocied Treaty with Austria, which nobody at-
Lo or answered.
keen .(1; 13nouGuArbt brought in his Bill to prevent
''eekreilin3 consumed on the premises of the beer-shop
LO4
411incr. I)uttnAM complainedcomplained of the injustice of pub-
ntatj' tho did, the tail of his report ; aoldi
100 that his unfortunate mission had cost hii
Vise
(IF the runt MELsouaNE could not account for the tail
head eport getting into the Times almost before its
eon,e wag
seen 1,3, the Government. Some further
and nrsatian took place on the subject of Canada,
the the military festival given there, in which
that' Arguts of LONDONDERRY took a principal
likee:. It
hi may be read in the report by those who
Lordship's Attic wit.
for Commons, several petitions were presented
aitti against the Corn-laws, for the Ballot, and
pre 'lst th:Beer Bill
pea took place on
t44ti ; but no ski
ng them. ng
hate LEADER LEADER inquired when the Commons was to
i e" inth "rd uAm's Report, which had been pub-
n the Tmi
imes Lord JOHN Itubtema. had

that this was not the only change, and we are
informed that many are contemplated. In
fact it is obvious that the Cabinet, as
now constituted, and as it has been constituted for
some time past, is not efficient to carry on the or-
dinary business of the country, and that it must
gain an accession of strength, talent, and popula-
rity, by admitting some of the leaders of the Liberal
party into its ranks, or it must make way for
the Tories. Amongst the changes, we have heard

the rumour is revived, that Lord NORMANBY is
to take the Colonial Seals, and the Duke of Sus-
SEX to go to In-land. That would be a popular
measure ; and the Noble Lord would be of use in
the Peers. But that alone will not suffice. With
some improvement in the personnel of the Ca-
binet, there must be an improvement in its mea-
sures, or, we say it with sorrow and regret more
than anger, it cannot go on.

In one point, we look with satisfaction on
Lord GLENELG'S retirement. If not the ac-
tual parent, he was the foster-father of the
present Corn-laws, and his presence in the
Cabinet might impede the Cabinet in assent-
ing to its abolition. A feeling of personal honour
might not allow him to side with his colleagues, who
arc prepared, we hope, to brave the indignation of
the country gentlemen, and give bread to our
suffering people, and peace to our disturbed country.

Lord GLENELG has retired from the Cabinet
e the Colonial Office. According to the state-
ment his Lordship was .understood to make last
night in the House of Peers on announcing his re-
signation, the Cabinet had resolved, and communi-
cated its resolve to him, without first consulting
him, to make a different distribution or arrangement
of offices to which he could not accede, and there-
fore he resigned. He said, " a communication was •
made to me on Tuesday morning utterly unforeseen,
and unexpected by me, which involved—it was a
communication from the Cabinet—which involved
alterations in the arrangement of offices—utterly,
as I before said, unexpected on my part, but
which it was said had been resolved upon. My
Lords, to that change of the distribution of offices,
after maturest consideration, I found it impossible
for me to accede ; consequently, I felt it my duty to
tender my resignation. My Lords, among my re-
grets on this subject, it is painful for me that this event
should take place at such a moment as this, when
Colonial subjects involve so much discussion in Par-
liament. But, my Lords, I can fairly say that no other
reason but the necessity under which I felt myself
could have led me to such a step—in fact I found
no other alternative before me but to take that
course."

The arrangements to which Lord GLENELG
was expected to submit were, we have heard, that
Lord DuNcANNoN was to give up the Privy Seal,
which he holds in conjunction with the Woods and
Forests, and Lord GLENELG was to receive the
Privy Seal ; Lord HOWICK, it is said, was to re-
ceive the Colonial Seals, and be raised to the
Peerage. Probably, but this is only a sur-
mise, it is intended that Mr. MACAULEY shall
enter the Administration. If such were the pro-
posed arrangements, which appear we must own
not very feasible, we are not at all sur-
prised that Lord GLENELG should not have
acceded to them till after the questions concerning
Canada have been discussed and settled. He has

bee❑ at the head of the Colonial Department at an
eventful period—he is, in fact, now placed on his
trial before Parliament, and to have resigned office
under such circumstances, without an absolute
necessity, would have been tantamount to a confes-
fession of error. To ask him to resign, appears to
imply a conviction on the part of his colleagues that
they think he has been wrong. He seems, therefore,

under these circumstances, to have-been compelled
to separate himself from them, though to retire till
the Parliament had wholly absolved him, must be
extremely painful to a man of sense and spirit.

Lord -GLENELG is the first to leave the
Cabinet—will he be the only one ? We know
not, but the country will not infer from Lord
GLENELG'S retirement the stability of Lord MEL-
BOURNE'S administration.

We learn with pleasure, from the Hull Adver-
tiser, that Hull has moved effectively against the
Corn-laws. Resolutions to petition for their re-
peal were unanimously adopted, and the Mayor
of Hull, with Colonel THOMPSON, were ap-
pointed Delegates to act with the other Delegates
now in London. The strength of the party accu-
mulates, and the longer the laws arc continued the
more powerful it will become. Colonel Trio mr-
sON's speech at Hull, defending himself against
some friendly strictures of ours, and explaining how
the prohibition to bring wheat from abroad injures
all trade, deserves to be read.
It will perhaps appear far-fetched to remark
that the accounts from Greece say that a dearth is
felt there, and to connect this with our Corn-laws.
A connection, however, may be traced between
them. Our Corn-laws, by shutting our markets
against all the nations of the Continent, unless
under extraordinary circumstances, virtually pro-
hibit them growing corn for us, and to a
very considerable extent check the growth of corn in
them, and check their prosperity. That they
thus make U 3 a curse to other countries,
and actually invest Great Britain with the diaboli-
cal character of seeking to injure other nations, which
her enemies have ascribed to her, though worthy
of being always remembered, is not at present our
chief object. The Corn-laws prohibiting other na-
tions from growing corn for us in ordinary years, in

The Paris Journals of Thursday, received this
morning, announce, among other changes in the
subordinate offices of the Administration, the dis-
missal of M. PERSIL from the Mastership of the
Mint. Different parties assign different reasons
for such sweeping changes in all the inferior offices
of the State. By one party it is contended that the
Ministry aim only at the securing of a majority in
the Chamber of Deputies ; while another urges,
with no less plausibility, that Count MOLE
and his friends, already aware that they cannot
remain in office a month after the meeting of the
Chambers are intent only upon rewarding their
supporters, and planting, as it were, thorns in the
path of their successors. _ _ _

On Thursday Lord GRANVILLB, the British
Aml)assador, had an audience of the KING, at
which he delivered an autograph letter of condo-
lence on the death of the Duchess ALEXANDER
Of WIRTEMBURG from her Majesty Queen
VICTORIA.. -

One of the Journals reports that such was the

discontent of the French frontier troops at the idea
of hostilely entering Belgium, that it was found ex-
pedient to explain to them that hostilities were not
contemplated, and would not be resorted to under
any circumstances arising out of the Ultimatum of
the London Conference.
The latest advices from Madrid are to the 30th
ult. The weather was frightfully severe in the ca-

In the provinces trifling skirmishes were
daily occurring between small bands of Christinos
and Carlists, but they led to no important result.
MM. INcLAu and MARLIA NI, Commissioners
appointed by the Cabinet, arc on their way to Lon-
don to offer proposals for the revision of the Com-
mercial Tariff between Great Britain and Spain.

Our Private Correspondence from Brussels of Febru-
ary 6, says:—
" The effect produced by the prorogation of the Cham-
ber is bad. It wholly destroys the good impression which
was produced by the firmness displayed towards the Am-
bassadors of the two Northern Courts. The effect is that
the very same men who without any doubt could have taken
part with the Government if it had frankly come forward to
state the necessity of yielding, are now irritated at what
they consider as a roundabout way of attaining the same
end. The acceptance of the resignation of Messrs. Ernst
and D'Huart is also considered as a very bad sign. These
two Ministers do not conceal their motives. They hda
required that the Government, while urging the necessity
of further negociations, should formally declare that it
would resist, even by arms, unjust conditions. Of six
Ministers (for M. Felix Merode must be included in the
Ministry, because, though not holding a department, he
has a vote in the Council,) four thought the time was not
come to assume so hostile an attitude ; and then Messrs.
Ernst and d'Huart tendered their resignation, which was
accepted. When they took leave of the King he expressed
his regret at being deprived of their services, but made no
attempt to change their intentions. In general, people are
inclined to see in all this the influence of the Mole Mi-
nistry, so that it is even imagined that the Duke of Orleans
has arrived here incegnito."—Le Constitutionnel.

CRIMINAL COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

John Douglas, 20, was indicted for having stolen, on the
4th of January, in the parish of St. Pancras, four books, the pro-
perty of Mr. Gregory, a bookseller, residing in Chapel.strect, 'rot.
tenham.court-road.
The prisoner failed to account for his possession of the books, or
to call evidence as to character, and
The Jur:), without hesitation returned a verdict of Guilty.
The prisoner was also charged in the same indictment with hav-
ing been convicted of felony at the October Sessions.—Guilty.
The Cou RT sentenced him to fourteen years' transportation.

LATEST NEWS FROM THE
CANADAS AND MEXICO.

By the arrival of the Europe at Liverpool yesterday, we have re
ceived New York Papers to the loth ult., from shich the following
are extracts
LOWER CANADA.
The division of the 11th Regiment from New Brunswick reached
Quebec on Thursday week. They suffered but little. The second
division was crossing the St, Lawrence the same day.
The court.martial was going on in Montreal. Brien, who is a
medical man, pleaded guilty, and the rest of the defendants pleaded
not guilty to the charge.
