ritius, was obliged to return to this country in
consequence of violent proceedings on the part
of the colonists, which, from all the accounts we

[earl, amounted to little short of rebellion.

His MAJESTY'S Government, however, very

properly resisted this attempt of the slave
owners to dictate to the Crown the choice of its
law officers. Mr. JERENIIE was sent back to

the Mauritius, the force there was strengthened,
and the planters given to understand that their
conduct would not be tolerated. Mr. JEREMIE
arrived in the Mauritius at the latter end of
April last, and two days after the following pro-
test was drawn up, and, it is said, signed by
several of the most influential inhabitants of

the colony :
" The undersigned, colonists of the island of Mauritius,
solemnly declare that it is false and calumnious to affirm,
as their enemies have affirmed to the British Government,
that they rose against the Royal authority. They appeal
to the testimony of his Excellency Sir Charles Colville,
and of all men of good faith who were witnesses of the
events of the past year. Their conduct at that period was
dictated and amply justified by the urgent necessity of
saving their country from the dangers and from the im-
minent ruin with which it w,ts threatened.
" The undersigned, in consequence of the disorders
and burnings occasioned by the simple announcement of
Mr. Jeremie's arrival, did, in June, 1832, supplicate the
representative of his Majesty in this colony to remove this
functionary from the island, as the most dangerous enemy
of the colonists. Their demand was granted, after the
mature deliberation of all the competent authorities.
" The undersigned supplicated his Majesty's Govern-
ment not to send Mr. Jeremie back to the Mauritius. The
King's Ministers, deceived by false reports, have been
pleased to regard the colonists as rebels ; they have sent
back Mr. Jeremie to the island ; they have adopted a
number of severe and unjust measures; they have arbitra-
rily violated many fundamental laws, which were guaran-
teed by the capitulation.
" The undersigned, in order to prove their obedience to
the Sovereign, to whom they have sworn allegiance, and
in order that no breach of the public peace which might
befall may be in any manner imputed to them, submit,
though with profound grief and concern, to the repeated
orders of his Majesty, and to the violation of their laws
and fundamental institutions.
" But against this violation they loudly protest ; they
make express reservation of all their rights ; and they
place their confidence in the justice of the King, of Par-
liament, and of the English nation, to whom their De-
puty is gone to prefer their complaints. They firmly hope
that this confidence will ❑ot be deceived—that they will
not be reduced to despair—and that their moderation and
their patience will be appreciated and rewarded by the
Representatives of the nation, and by his Majesty, better
informed.
" At the isiand of Mauritius, this Ist of May, 1833."
Signed, &c.

Now be it remembered that Air. JEREMIE'S
only offence was the having written certain
pamphlets against slavery. The discontent of
the black population did not, if we rightly recol-
lect, manifest itself till Mr. JEREMIE, whom
they looked upon as a friend, had been driven
from the island. That the pretended grounds
of hostility to Mr. JEREMIE stated by the
planters had no real foundation, will be suffi-
ciently proved by the undistrubed peace
of the colony. The slaves have received
in Mr. JEREMIE'S appointment the balm
of hope, and we have little fear of their
committing any outrage, unless driven to it by
entraordinary violence and oppression on the
part of the planters, before the news of the eman-
cipation bill reaches them.
As to the violation of fundamental laws, gua-
ranteed by the articles of capitulation, of which
the planters complain, we are at a loss to under-
stand what is meant. Their resistance to the
appointment of JEREMIE was grounded upon
his writings, for they confessedly had no other
knowledge of him before his arrival, and we do
not suppose that the articles of capitulation justify
resistance to the appointment of individuals
who entertain particular views on any question.
If the resistance be not justifiable, of course
they cannot fairly complain of the measures
taken to put it down. We trust that the ill
feelings evidently entertained by the Mauritians
(the whites) upon the subject of ameliorating
the condition of the slaves, does not afford a
sample of the feelings with which they will re-
ceive the plan of emancipation. It will go hard
with them if they do, for the people of England,
after having made the enormous sacrifice they
have to obtain the negroes their liberty, are in
no humour to be trifled with.

Among the Parliamentary Papers lately
printed is one which has greatly excited the at-
tention of our cotemporaries, and and called
forth the indignation of the public. Under a
statute of the 7th and Bth William 111. (cap.
6, sec. 1 and 2), afterwards extended by the
53d Geo. 111. cap. 127, clergymen appear to
be authorised to demand from labourers a part
of their wages (fourpence in the pound) for
tithes, offerings, oblations, and obventions. A
clergyman named Lundy, Rector of Lockington,
in the East Riding of York, in October last
year, thought proper to revive this obsolete
demand. A person named John Hudson
laid a complaint, on behalf of the reverend
gentleman, before two magistrates, one of them
a brother clergyman, the Rev. John Blanchard,
against certain labourers, for not having paid this
demand. The following is a list of the labour-
ers, of their wages, and of the sum this clerical
extortioner wished to screw out of them :

Wages. Sums demanded.
Jeremiah Dodsworth, for last year £l3 0 0...A0 4 4
Ditto, this year, hired weekly l5 0 0... 0 5 0
William Hall ...
Harrison Moment „. 9 0 0... 0 3 0
Henri• Blakeston
William Foster 8 8 0... 0 2 8
George Fenby
John Hall, half a year
John Milner ...
Matthew Blakeston 8 8 0... 0 2 8
Carling Risim
John Dodsworth 15 0 0... 0 5 0
Wiliam Fallowfield, miller's-servant lB 0 0... 0 6 0
Robert Braithwaite, ditto, promised to
compound, but now refuseth

The poor men determining not to yield, a
distress warrant was issued against the first on
the list, for 125., that being the amount to
which the original demand was swelled by the
summons, &c., and there not being sufficient
goods to levy the distress upon, he was com-
mitted to gaol. The warrant of commitment is
signed by the clerical magistrate only. It is
curious in its way, and we give it entire.

" East Riding of the County of York.

" To all Constables in the said Riding, and (specially to
the Constable of the Township of Lockington, in the
said Riding, and to the Keeper of the House of Cor-
rection at Beverley.
" These are, in His Majesty's name, to command you,
the said constable of Lockington, forthwith to convey and
deliver into the custody of the said keeper the body of
Jeremiah Dodsworth, of l..ockington, servant in hus-
bandry, convicted before me, one of His Majesty's justices
of the peace for the said riding, upon the oath of Peter
Roantre, constable of Lockington, that the said Jemere•
miah Dodsworth having rafused to pay his tithes, offer-
ings, oblations, and obventions, due to the Rev. Fiancis
Lundy, rector of Lockington, the amount of which
9s. 4d., and also 2.. 81 for the recovery of the said tithes,
obventions, offerings, and oblations, due to the said Rev.
