SIR W. JONES

The extensive and dangerous riots which oc
curred in London in the year 1780, and in
which, as we have seen, the valuable collections
of Lord Mansfield perished, induced Mr. Jones
to inquire into the methods provided by law for
the suppression or such tumultuous assemblies;
a;ld the result of his researches was communicated
to the world in a small pamphlet, entitled, " An
Inquiry into the legal Mode of suppressing
Riots, with a constitutional Plan of future De-
fence." He also took occasion, in the autumn of
this year, to address the freeholders of Middle.
sex, and he subsequently drew up a discourse,
containing the purport of what he would have
spoken, had an opportunity of so doing occurred.
This speech is mentioned for the purpose of in-
troducing the animated protest against slavery
contained in it. " I pass with haste by the
coast of Africa, whence my mind turns with in-
dignation at the abominable traffic in the human
species, from which a part of our countrymen
dare to derive their most inauspicious wealth.
Sugar, it is said, would be dear, if it were not
worked by blacks in the western islands ; as if
the most laborious, the most dangerous works
were not carried on in every country, but chiefly
in England, by freemen ; in fact, they are so
carried on with infinitely more advantage ; for
there is a❑ alacrity in a consciousness of free-
dom, and a gloomy sullen indolence in a con-
sciousness of slavery: but let sugar be as dear as
it may, it is better to eat none, to eat honey, if
sweetness only be palatable ; better to eat aloes
or coloquintida than violate a primary law of
nature, impressed on every heart not imbruted,
by avarice, than rob one human creature of those
eternal rights of which no law upon earth can
justly deprive him."
Some idea of the acquirements of Mr. Jones,
at this period of his life, and of the resolute in-
dustry with which he pursued his studies, may
be formed from the following memorandum :
" Resolved to learn•no more rudiments of any kind, bu t
to perfect myself in

;‘ First, twelve languages, as the means of acquiring ac-
curate knowledge of

I. History.

1. Man.

2. Nature.
