qPIRTT nr Trrr, PURT,TO ,TC,TTRALP.

. few days must inevitably decide whit Ittsyritip-,
intention: of Government with resycct ts~7l-40-te2
ing of Parliament ; and if Parliament meets 17::,„. •N---:\
Christmas, it is well known to oil, 'counter„
what object it meets. But if pli .w.vgati6k , - ;241/4-14
continued till after the ord:nary r is i-_ vacat' ; I._:, _
It>
- .441.t_'. "-; the attainment of that object will ..'•4'l._,:
4: cr,i
be delayed :it will be put off,—remotttOtict r 414
distance. For our own parts, we do not ,iwi4)
others to be concluded by our reasonings, or to adopt
our views; but we have considered the subject with
all the attention of which we are capable, and we
do not see that any advantage can be gained by de-
lay.
If the Bill is to be defeated, it might as well
be defeated before Christmas as after. If it is to be
carried by the creation of additional Peers, that
creation might as well take place before Christmas
as after. if it be uncertain whether the creation of
fresh Peers be necessary or not, that matter may as
well be put to the proof immediately, as after
Christmas. Nothing, therefore, can be lost by
promptitude; but delay and expectation, it is well
known, on higher authority than ours, " make the
heart sick." We have all the component prin-
c;ples of success now in action which we can
ever hope for, or can in truth ever exist ; but
,vliat unfavourable changes may intervene itt
the lapse of time, no one can foresee. This
we know for certain,—that the enemies of
Reform are beginning to speak of the de- .
lay of Ministers %‘ith joy and exultation. They
blazon it—they put it forth as a test of wavering in
some quarter or other; and that which excites their
triumph cannot but operate to our injury. If there
he, therefore, in the Ministry any ind victual member
sincerely anxious for the 'Reform Bill—as we are
-ure L.ll are—and still hesitating to act, we would
% ish such a person seriously to ask himself what
Specific object he proposes by delay; and we are.
•ore—let hitoturn his.-mind whichever way he mar
—it will suggest to him no such object. 'What may
be the situation of the country if the Reform Bill he
finally thrown out, we have long dreaded to think,.
But we are now really beginning to (bead the'
bought of what will soon be its situation if the Re-•
firm Bill be only delayed. Can any one foresee the.
end of these Unions and political associa ins tavyr •
oi
nsldiuteeci lle;herayel
petetouliidel
loaftrol,,linceiteintselsc;ro:oln.ahai,o:.esebiintrpti
coleeNil t
iias(iieaalcatiaxcs.
ishvelsepgspe:mchie)aitrae:driei
lisdesi,tittliretaitihhesarltalle,eliaoeltolutru'ati_lalgtrgsetrgtihie t i
forming every where, which, though undei;tAm
I, om the best motives possible at first, mr,y, if the
';ins of Go-
vernment, and of the representative 1,06, too ?
Give the people their own House el Commo 1 , and':
they will have no need to join, such associations;
Leeds,rmbtoaiheearet
at: ftaileieottliru,
yeevPfirilrrat:Grl enertet teistu jul head,:rcea:iu.si
Bit:loi:nlei,lvyi rb—iepn
may be broken ill the argument whether this rid,"
metifioaooartripminvtolu:l
ifi:e(st'ltu.ihteoelee'sfrtetiiclorrori
rels and be_ ossratially at vace. But till the Re-
peace, tranquillity, or a surance, nor, in fact, any:
in mercantile pursuits.—Tones.

tthoaftaANlra.tiOor:aCloponoeliltlith.atilsLuTnroiop:seit.n.t
itrhee.
l
few brief sentences, and the neoessi'y of wlitch he
a'ttiludtb,laitpshiplemeaoernlsijects of which he has enumerated in a
has argued at considerable kength in a le',scr display-
ing all the eharaciet:t..eios. of a popular haranguer.—
After the opinion we have already given us to the
adoption of such societies in enis country, it will
scarcely be expected that we should look with a
eery favourable eye on their, introduction into Le-
-1 Ind, voiere the state of •earties is atill more violesite
than it is here. No dnui.t they are more ac'so,r.-•
romed to si:ch societies than we are, for they have'
tried and proved their efficacy in superted.ing thee
Executive Government, and introdnettix a state oki
things which was any thing but a Ma t of subordi—
nation to the laws of the land. But, though this -.
may be a very good reasosi, w-hy Mt. O'Cotaiell and
other violent politicians, should wish to ' have re—
course to politioul "anions or asseciations again, it is
no reason why those who aro desirous that tteform •
should he carried by constitutional means, with as
.littlaintimidatitan and as littk risk as possible,_should 4 •
rejoice at the renewal of an experiment, the f,,est:
eIY ct of which will be to put a great po„er. into
motion, for which the regular institution-4 of Oar
country have provided, and Can provide,
All the arguments that apply generally nait,...se 7-' o-
force
Unions appear to us to app',
liwith W.-- fold
force as cone. cied with the et -
of t I
~
use arelantj;- for,
those who
if they may be mischievous , ,
wnere tit,J C' 0"; em-
inent is strong, they carr ,
that
tot be safe' •'' her„ ' it ic,
"..nert: ... comparatively weak -
, And '
unpopt,•
His. NN, ,e are
speaking now
of ''.le Governno . •
particular
Admini- •
Atration ; and euir, not of any
r.o coot, rod
acquainted wit',
a the state of Govern
all periods
ri,, its history,will. 1 •
, be the first to 'clumw-
I'dge th. at we have' not MlF.tr,presenter] it, ch exacter..
But
scion of
~, ,while we think thus loadlv of the import 51:41:entbjeastt
". olitical Unions into Ireland, we arc not sui 'pitied
that it has taken plane. It was in the natural t "-cwise
of things that, after, they were adopted both here
and in -Scotland, they should extend to Ireland al"'
Ties consideration, however, ought to have "B.
spired with other reasetos to make men of high n tit"
and influence refle-et before they lent their authr rtltY
to such a schzrue. We have already alluded to the
state of parties in Ireland; but the Political Un i'°ll',
arnimgst other things, is to alter that state;—it i St&
" bury in perpetual oblivion all religious feuds asitf
anittiosities.. " How a purpose so desirable is tt i be'
I accomplished does not appear very distinctly, ef ;Pe'''
cially as the operating power itself is to be et im-
posed of those very elements which it is intender Ito
correct.. The whole mass of society is unfortunately
in that state from which he przposes to relieve it try
union. In short, he calls •opon society to reform it•
self; as if every thie,g was to be done by a pole' tat
resolution, and, the slow process of education mi ibt
be adv:.ritageously dispensed with as less effee tine
(ban the vote of a public a,sembly. The appes A 04:
Mr. O'Connell will no doubt be attetided to if A Inc
f,rmation of a society such as he has p'oposed; but:
whether it will effect the purposes of Reform 1 n the•
most desirable way, or whether it will cons ist or
persons the most likely to discountenance anti
buty
big Herald.
religious animosities, time must determine.—. Horn-

The present Government ought not to I have
allowed a year to pass over their heads 1
vithout
abolishing the cruel, barbarous, and di, patio,
punishment of flogging in the military ant x
service. But though practised both in the n I naval
Amy and
army, it is in the latter service that it is ci
lli
the highest degree of systematic refinement it aed to',cruelty.
When wehear, as we have often head, of a Court-
marshal sentencing a delinquent soldier to
rec
300, 500, or 1,000 lashes on the bare b: eive . Ark from,
that instrument of torture called a cat-o'.: tine-tails
we cannot help thitik,ng that the militar2 f service
is stigmatised by the penal degradation of r the worst
sore of slavery. All punishments of totti ire
~4.Ba:r
obe abolished, as being a disgrace to ci
,yili:tucia2t)
and having a brutalising effect upon thei , keill ,
the people among whom they are ptact'ib ea. .4:.•► f
ging 4, a punishment of torture which i I irk
grades the man who suffers it, and make'
de-
ehances of moral improvement less than
haw i the
is oftot fatal to hfe. Let us imagine
, it r. ..e, but
whose breast is, perhaps scared with
1. Addier—
wounds—tied tip to the halberts for r
0, , onourable
id military law; his back stripped, ' ' of . violation
meat of torture applied by a vigr Aid ti tat instru-
m,tre of
stroke of which tilts two the flesh owls r win, every
he suzgeon standing by, and or, ,I—let
ythis exqui-
us imagine
before, t tie effects of
pulse to ascertain how much ...a,toball: feelin his
g .ite torture he can bear,
the agony and mutilation
upon the sources of
•-b1...t us suppose
city a the sufferer •.0
era, Ator up._ break in
pure. makes a ar:Atake, s. .ore el pe. 1-‘"Tprot
t.l break
the cup:
meted tor-
that the scientific Cie
.4,111: I.....ePtit'
lof 'utterance .. . . , nd estitnatus. : 'a powers
4 4 4 Mitt In•iond what tr,..." ally are;
-.VP,
