COURT OF CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY,

Moreton
281

IN THE MATTER OF SIR WILLIAM CLAYTON,
BART., AND HIS MAJESTY.
Mr. BETHEL stated, that a petition had been presented by
Sir William Clayton, praying his Majesty to indorse on the
petition his Royal order and declaration that right be done to
the party petitioning.
The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that the petition
must go to the Attorney-General.
Mr. BETHEL stated, that upon examining the practice he
found it was requisite, in the first instance, to leave the peti-
tion with his Lordship, that he might transmit it to his Ma.
jesty to obtain his order.
The LORD CHANCELLOR considered the practice to be
through the Secretary of State for the Home Department.
Mr. BETHEL believed not, wheu it was in Chancery.
The LORD CHANCELLOR did not believe it could get
into Chancery until it had been to the Secretary of State. The
practice was that the Secretary of State took the petition—he
referred it to the Attorney-General—the Attorney-General's
fiat was the authority for right being done, and then the peti.
tion was sent to the Petty Bag-office, provided the Attorney_
General affixed his fiat to it. The petitioner, however, had
no power to compel the Attorney-General to affix his fiat.
If that Law-officer chose to withhold his fiat, the party was
without remedy. He (the Lord Chancellor) remembered be-
ing in a case of this sort eight or ten years ago as Counsel, with
Mr. Heald, when they examined into the practice with great
Industry, and the party was left without remedy, the Attorney_
General having refused his fiat.
Mr. BETHEL would take the course suggested by his
Lordship.

THE DUKE OF YORK'S AFFAIRS,
Mr. BETHEL occupied the morning in arguing on the
same side with the Attorney-General, against the application
to commit Mr. Farquharson, The Learned Counsel animad-
verted with great zeal and ability on the conduct of the solici.
tors for the executors. Their conduct, he said, had been such
as would in all probability have shut out from the profession
altogether any other persons in it (had they been guilty of the
like) who had not the good fortune to stand so high in general
reputation, and for which, even they, or the executors (if not
both), might yet be called upon to answer elsewhere. Why
had the solicitors thought it right to attack the mere reporter ? ,
From Mr. Farrer's affidavit it was clear he had (or supposed
he had) the means of going against other persons in respect of
that of which he complained ; and had he done so, the defend.
ing Counsel would have been in a far more likely situation to
have brought forward a case to have shown not only the
futility of such an application as this, but a course of conduct
that ought to be disclosed.
The LORD CHANCELLOR wished Mr. Bethel could
show him that Mr. Farrer had the means of having gone
against any other person or persons than the reporter, because
he considered the reporter as placed in a hard situation, and
perhaps remaining in such a situation from a mistaken notion
of honour.
Mr. BETHEL trusted he would be able, before he sat down,
to satisfy the Court on this point, as well as on others he intended
to urge, notwithstanding the difficulties he was placed in by
the course chosen by the other side.
Left proceeding.

VICE.CHANCERY COURT-(THIS DAY.)

SPECIAL INJUNCTION.—ROSCOE v. MARTIN.
Mr. ROMILLY applied for a special injunction in this case
to restrain the defendant from pulling down five houses, si-
tuated in Princes.buildings. The bill, the allegations of which
were supported by affidavits, stated that a conveyance had been
made to the plaintiff of the fire houses in question, subject to
two long leases to the defendant; the plaintiff had been in pos.
session of the property for a considerable number of years, but
in ISM, one of the defendants brought an ejectment to turn
the plaintiffs out of possession. This led to numberless dis.
traints and replevins ; the officers placed in possession were
kicked out of doors by the tenants, on attempting to seize their
goods, and the whole affair had ended by threats on the part of
the defendants to level the houses with the ground, to prevent
the putting in force of which the Learned Counsel made this
application.

The VICE-CHANCELLOR granted the injunction.
The COURT will rise on Saturday for the Christmas holy.
days. The petition day is fixed for the 9th of January, and the
first seal for the 10th.

The Bank of Ireland has declared a dividend
of 4i per cent. for the last half year.

assessor.

10 Dobbin FRIDAY.
14 85 Dobbin lO6
Kelly B5 Kelly lO3
VI 7 Majority for Dobbin 3
There are not more than 65 more to be polled ; the
15 majority of whom, lam positively informed, are supporters
of Mr. Dobbin. The triumph of Mr. Dobbin would be
m e gratifying to every one who knows how the Church has
4
0 abused its powers, previous to the passing of the Reform
6 Bill, by nominating the very worst Members of Parliament.
I
2 By EXPRESS..—Mr. Dobbin has been returned.

IRISH ELECTION.

THURSDAY.

D 0 W.NP ATRICK.
Our independext electors have returned a Conservative.
They had resolved upon having a contest ; and they get,
accordingly, a Conservative, Mr. John W. Maxwell, and
had fished out a Whig, Lord Marcus Hill, to oppose him.
A most rich prize was expected ; hut the Lord did not
appear, and, on Wednesday, most sad sight of all, there was
no opponent in the field, and Mr. Maxwell was returned !
T RALEE.
The election commenced here on Thursday, when S:r
Edward Denny was proposed by Maurice O'Connor,
El., and seconded by J. J. Hickman, Esq. The
Reverend Dr. M'Enerny proposed Maurice O'Con.
nell, E.q. ; he was seconded by Peter Foley, Esq.
Upon the nomination taking place, Mr. M. O'Connell
addressed the electors in a most admirable and energe-
ic speech, declaring to them that he was not only
anxious to have the Union repealed, but that he was
a'so opposed to the continuance of corporate monopoly,
and desirous of seeing an immediate extinction of slavery,
so long the shame and disgrace of the states of Great Bri-
tain. His address was received with the most enthusiastic
cheers. John O'Connell, Esq., of Grena, was then
named, for the purpose of giving him an opportunity of
addressing the electors, which he did in a most powerful
speech. The polling commenced immediately afterwards,
when there was only time before the legal hour of closing
the booths to poll for Mr. M. O'Connell 19, and Sir E.
Denny, 20. The return of Mr. O'Connell is certain.
BY EXPRESS.—Mr. Maurice O'Connell has been re-
turned.

YO UGHAL.
Br EXPRESS.-John O'Connell, Bag., has been *de-
clared duly elected for this borough. His opponent, Mr.
Davis, after a very short but severe contest, gave in.

CARLOW.
The friends of the Repealing candidate, Mr. Viguis,
were shamefully treated here by some persons calling thew-
'elves special constables. Several individuals were despe-
rately wounded by these ruffians. The Assessor declared
he never witnessed such shameful conduct. They were,
.fter doing a great deal of mischief, disarmed. The Con-
.ervative candidate, Mr. 13ruen, was proposed by Mr.
Browne, and seconded by Mr. P. Finn. Mr. Vigors, the
Repealer, was nominated by the Very Rev. Dr. Fazge-
rald, of the Rowan Catholic College, and seconded by
Mr. Houghton, a Quaker. The show of hands was in
favour of Mr. Visors.
FIRST DAY'S POLL--THURSDAY.

103
Majorit
y
BY Vigors is
of 25. returned by a majority

Vigor
Bruen

COLERAINE.
The Conservative, Beresford (an Admiral), beat hire
the English Whig, Alderman Copeland, by a majority of
one, the Mayor having, in the true spirit of an Irish e
porator, given the casting vote in favour of a Berebford.

--
ATHLONE.
The candidates, Talbot, a Whik, and Handcock, a Tory
4re fighting bard here. On Friday 95 voted for each.

DUNGAR VAN.
This town was di.gr,ced by very great rioting. Parties
,if the 97th and 30th foot, and of marines, were brought
into the town to preserve order. Before the arrival of
the military, one of the hotels was pulled down by the
mob. Mr. Lambe, the Government candidate, was pro-
posed by Sir Nugent Humble, and seconded by the Very
Rev. Dr. Foran, P.P., once a very popular clergyman in
the county Waterford.
R I
ST DAI ''S POLL.
SECOND DAY'S POLL.
GalweyF
30 Galwey 164
20 1 Lambe
Lambe
By ExraEss —Mr. Lanibe has been returned. Mr.
Galwey starts for the county.

TOWN OF GALWAY.
There has been doting in this town, and it was found
necessary to call in the military. Lynch and Blake wdl
Fie returned.

TOWN OF WEXFORD.
Mr. C. A. Walker was returned on Friday wit%out a
contest.

PORTARLIN GT ON.
On Friday Mr. Gladstone polled 11 votes, and Mr.
likvison Darner 10. Mr. J. C. Brady is acting there as

MALLOW.
The fight here is between a Repealer, Mr. Daunt, and a
Whig, Mr. Jephson. Both parties are running neck and
neck. The first day's polling was--
Daunt
SECOND DAY'S POLL.
Daunt 114 I Jephson
BAND ON.
Great excitement prevails in this place. The popu'ar
candidate is Mr. Biggs; he is opposed by a Conservative,
,me of the Bernard family. At the close of the poll en
Thursday there were for—

DAYS
ploßuetr_ilarrd 10
RIDAy.
Biggs
SECOND DAY
Bernard 123 1 Biggs lOO
__. _

COUNTY TIPPERARY.
The election commences here on Monday next; all the
arrangements for the coming contest are already made.
There are four booths appointed for the entire county.
Mr. Sheil is here, and addresses the people every even-
ing at the close of the poll for the Clonmel election. If
Mr. Fitzeimon stood as a candidate with Mr. Sheil, he
would be returned by a triumphant majority. Hia being
the son-in-law of O'Connell is with us an excellent
title why be should be the representative of this great
county.
[lt will be seen Mr. Fitzsinton stands for the county
Dublin, where his success is certain.)

TOWN OF CLONMEL.
Repeal is gaining a glorious victory here in the triumph
of honest Dominick Ronayne. He has had to contend against the illiberal Quakers of this town, the avowed
Conservatives, the corrupt corporators, and recreant Ca-
tholics. He has conquered them all. The gross poll as
announced by the Mayor on Thursday evening was--
THIS DAN.
GROSS POLL.
R0nayne............ 207 Ronayne. 227
Bagwell ............. Bagwell 204

Majority for Ronayne 23
Up to one o'clock on Friday the polling was, tor R -
nayne, 32; Bagwell, 5; leaving
poll, the glorious majority of 50. The enemy have net
a man, and are keeping the booth open for the mere pur-
Ronayne, on the gross
pose of annoyance. So confident were the fiction, that
their agent, Mr. Cashel', actually staked a wag r of 101.
with the agent of the people, Mr. Edmund Power, of
C,rrick-on-Suir. The event has already proved who will
Co tot which his patriotic exertions entitle him. it is impossible to speak but in those terms
be the winner. Of Mr. Power, as an active agent, and
patriot, pure
, frespec
BY Exrasss..—Mr. Ronayne has been returned for
Clonmel.

PUBLIC MEETINGS.--THE CHEVALIER.--
The Chevalier attended one of those meetings so nume-
rous and daily in Dublin, and being called upon to express •
his sentiments, rose with evident embarrassment, and
said—" Misser Shaire—Me labour ounder von grand die.
Aligement —von grand misforshon—the misforshon Of iny
life—the unhappinea-e of being born out of neon native
land."—He was unanimously voted an Irishwai, and
cheered to the skies.—Dublin Dispaick

(From the Dublin Mornini ke,yister of Monday.)
CAS HE L.
Our independent Repeal candidate, James Roe, of Ro,tn..
borough, Encl., was returned thin day (Friday) for the
cty of Cashel. The Pennefather party completely con-
cealed from us their intentions, llp to the very last mo-
trent. At twelve o'clock, the Mayor, Mr. Penn father's
brother..ir-hw, came into the Court, and the neve-nary
farms were gone through of putting Mr. Roe in nomin I.
tion, and declaring him duly e!eeteti. The Pennetathers
then bade farewell to the city. This is the first of the four
Repeaters which this county will send to Parliament.
A RMA GH.
On Thursday, our election commenced here, when
Arthur Irwin Kelly, Esq., the nominee of the Ptima.e,
was proposed as our representative by Mr. Cochrane, and
iner seconded by Mr. Quinn. The popular candidate, Leonard
,8s Dobbin, Esq., was proposed by Mr. M‘Wilharns, and
-eeonded by Mr. Barnes. Mr. Kelly attempted to ad-
,
8 son dress the electors, but he would not be listened to ; and,
3
10 is lie could not obtain a bearing, Mr. Dobbin would not
3 ,4ke any unfair advantage of him, by addressing them.
The show of hands was quite in favour of Mr. Dobbin.
)6 A poll was demanded, which on the first and second days
stood thus :.—.
;sell
