SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Staffordshire, Cheshire, Hampshire, Lanarkshire—the
meetings of all these great counties, for the support of the
King's Ministers and of the Reform Bill, have been recorded
in the Times of this day and yesterday. Were these, we ask,
meetings of the rabble ?—were the sentiments which ani-
mated them held exclusively by the rabble ?—or were they
such as the bulk of English Noblemen and Gentlemen
have agreed to repudiate and disavow? The first resolu-
tion at the meeting for Staffordshire was moved by the
Earl of Lichfield, in a dignified, spirited, and able speech:
The Earl of Shrewsbury—bearing, next after the Duke
of Norfolk, the most ancient title of the existing Peetage
of Great Britain, moved the address to his Majesty. Mr.
Heathcote, a gentleman of distinguished rank and cha-
racter in the county, seconded me of the resolutions. Mr.
Josiah Wedgewood, probably the wealthiest individual out
of London, moved another. The county Membera tree
both present, and the requisition to the Sherit had been
signed by upwards of 3,000 per ohs, including the
heir to the House of StaTord, Lord Uxbridge, and
the greater pertien of the aristocracy of a county,
yielding to no other in England for industry, iateßat-ene.,
affluence, love of order, and of the constituticral Monarchy.
Was the Cheshire meeting composed of " Jacobins"
and " ragamuffins?" The requisition for it had been
signed by 250 gentlemen and freeholders tr the counts',
and it was attended by the fam;l;ea of Grosvenor, Sir
John Stanley, Wilbraham, Davenport, Townshend, Swet-
caftans, Hindley, and many others, whom all who a're
acquainted with Cheshire will recognise for the flower of
its aristocracy. So of the Hampshire meeting, called on
the requisition of 500 of the principal persons, including
many clergymen, in the county,—that Tory county of
which the Duke of Wellington is Lord-Lieutenant,tan
it be said that such a meeting was got op Iv parties not
interested in the peace of society, at the maintenance of
law, and in the preservation of property ? It is true that
a certain Mr. William Cobbett thrust himself in amongst
the Hampshire gentlemen, and, like Mr. Henry Hunt
elsewhere, exerted himself in such a manner, that had his
laudable attempt succeeded, he might have sown division
amongst the honest friends of Reform. Happily, the
wisdom of temperate language, hr contradistinction to
frantic violence, and the justice as well as policy of ex-
pressing faith in the King's Ministers, instead of sratken-
ing them by manifestations of public distrust at such a
moment, were so forcibly urged by Sir J. Macdonald
and others, upon the good sense of the meeting, that ac-
cording to the report in Tke Sun of yesterday, Mr. Cob-
bett himself was compelled to admit that the majority was
against him. The Lanarkshire meeting, held at Glasgow,
was of course most numerously attended in spite of a very
unfavourable day, 30,000 people Were present. Strong
language was employed, and energetic resolutions passed,
in determined support of the Ministerial measure of Re-
forn?. Now, as for other parts of the kingdom. Here-
fordshire is to meet on the Saturday after next, by ap.
pointment of the High Sheriff; for Norfolk, a requisition
has b,en eagerly and respectably signed ; the Suffolk
meeting is said to be fixed for the 10th of December ;
Radnorshire next Tuesday; and Dumbartonshire was con-
vened by the Sheriff for last Wednesday. The report
cannot yet reach London. In Ireland, the counties of
Waterford, Carlow, Kerry, and Tipperary, are in for-
ward preparation for a similar measure. This, then, we
suppoae, is re-action ! Times.

Since writing the above, we have seen reported at
length in a second edition of last night's Sun, the pro,
ceedings of yet another county meeting—natnely, that of
Cornwall, which was held at Bodmin on Wednesday. The
meeting was, according to the statements of the oldest
gentleman present, attended more fully and respectably
than any former one within their recollection. Mr. Peter,
Sir 'William Molesworth, Sir Colman Rashley, Sir Chas.
Lemon, Mr. Trevanion, and Mr. Charles Buller, power-
fully enforced the patriotic objects of the meeting, by their
speeches in support of resolutions to expedite a new Re-
form measure, and to strengthen the existing Government.
Lord Val Mort volunteered a solo resistance to the county.
He was heard with a sort of patient compassion. There
are no proceedings recorded more gratifying than those of
Cornwall.—Times.

We publish in another part of our Paper, under the pro-
per head, all the information which we have obtained,
either from papers or letters, respecting the state of the
negotiations hethe Netherlands. It seems quite evident
that the Belgians will submit. The fiery spirit of the
Chambers must listen to the advice of the King and the
Government, when they can no longer expect to &gilt
from behind the shield of France; and the country, de-
sirous of repose, will readily acquiesce in any arrangement
which promises the enjoyment of peace. Never, proba-
bly, was a settlement of contested claims made which
seemed to give greater offence to both contending partie,
than this work of the London Conference. His Dutch
Majesty appears even more displeased and sulky than the
most violent among his late Belgic subjects. The hesita-
tion of his mind, or the uncertainty of his decision, in-
spires great anxiety, and creates great inconvenience
among his neighbours. He ought, therefore, to be re-
quired to give an immediate answer,—or rather to de-
clare an immediate submission. That he had refused to
announce his intentions when the last accounts which
have reached this country left the Hague, there can be ne
doubt; but can he be sn insane as to endanger his own
throne and the tranquillity of Europe by a second Belgic
invasion ?

The French Chamber of Deputies was chiefly occu-
pied on Monday with two important subjects, which
must undergo a great deal of future discusaion. We
mean a Bill for establishing primary schools in every com-
mune of France, and an act to banial, the Bourbons for
ever from its soil. Since the revolution of July last year,
the Government has steadily directed its attention to the
in-sufficiency of the means provided for popular instruc-
tion, and the necessity of extending them. The fallen
dynasty dreaded nothina so much as the spread of educa
tion ainong the lower orders. It ron•idered knowledge
as the enemy of order, and a body of schoolmasters as a
corps of sappers and miners for overturning the throne and
altar. It held in its hand, through the organization of the
University and the Council of Public Instruction, the
means of directing or checking popular improvement at
its pleasure, and it exercised them with unscrupulous
rigour or arbitrary violence. It equally shut up exten-
sive establishments of education for the middle classes,
and discouraged or suppressed the Lancasterian schools
for the poor, which bad begun to flourish in some parts
of France. In fact, the Bourbon Government seemed to
think that the security of their power depended on the
ignorance of their people, and that a good subject, like
a proof print, must always be found unlettered. They
had seen fidelity to their ',throne, and adherence to
their church, in the western and southern provinces,
where the people were plunged in ignorance and supersti-
tion,—and found patriotism and opposition in the north
and the east, where education was more generally diffused.
Hence they concluded that the horn•book was a foe to
loyalty, and that the hand which had been taught to write
was the least worthy to be intrusted with a sword in sup-
port of political institutions. Hence, though a good deal
had been done for the spread of primary education since
the commencement of the first revolution, much less had
been accomplished during the fifteen years of the restora-
tion than could have been expected in so long a season of
almost uninterrupted peace,—of growing enterprise,—and
of material prosperity. Hence the ignorance and super-
stition of the lower classes in many departments of France
are nearly as profound as in Spain or Portugal. It ap-
pears from a report lately made to King Philip on the
number of primary schools, and the state of primary in-
struction, that out of the nearly 40,000 communes in the
kingdom, about 13,000 are totally without establishments
for education ; and a fact more striking still is disclosed by
the same retutns,—namely, that of the number of young
men between the ages of 21 and 22 on the lists to
the conscript law, more than half could neither read uor
write ! The present project of law is intended to remedy
this crying evil. It establishes a school in every com-
mune, with a council for directing education—for exa-
mining the qualifications of teachers, and deciding on the
parties entitled to gratuitous instruction. The local funds
of the country are liable for the expesce of these establish-
ments, where private contributions are insufflcent. Edu-
cation of the first or primary kind will thus be brought
home to every man's door ; and if a family cannot find the
means of paying the school fees, their children will be ad-
mitted gratis. Should the Bill be carried through the
Legislature, and honestly executed by the local authorities,
France will be provided with a system of popular instruc-
tion, second in extent and efficiency to that of no other
nation of Europe. The other Bill to which we have al-
luded is not of much permanent importance, though per-
haps it may be necessary at present for the tranquillity of
the country. The audacity with which the friends of the
exiled dynasty support the claims of Henry V., and ex-
press their hopes of his restoration, would scarcely he be-
lieved by any person who was not in the habit of reading
their publications or hearing their.conversition. The priests
almost every where, and ,
particularly in the south and
west, are his army of occupation. The old emigrant No-
blesse have retired from the capital, and maintain the
Carlist spirit in their country residences. The Journals
in the interest of the party never scruple to say to whom
they think their allegiance due; and scarcely disguise, by
generalities or figurative expressions, their hostility to the

existing settlement of the throne. Neither France nor
any other monarchical country was ever allowed such free-
dom of language in discussing the rights of the Sovereign,
or the pretensions of a rival,—and it speaks volumes in
favour of the moderation and good sense of Philip's Go-
vernment, to find that till entertain so little alarm and
impose so f..qv restraints. Even the present measure for
hani•hing the Bourbons and ordering them to dispose of
their French property, is not countenanced by the Mi-
nistry, and is not considered as nemssary :or the King's
security. If a revolutionaty throne can be thus main-
tained, it will fe a singular example in history, and will
tend :tore than any event in ancient or modern times to
6Stroy the horrors generally felt at political changes
effected by popular interference.— Times.

The affairs of Greece have now rtathecl buela a coin•
fortable state of eonfesson Ana Misrule as calls for the im-
mediate interposition of the protectors of the Greek prin-
cipality, and will form, in their difficulty of settlement by
the London Conference, no unworthy substitute for Bergi',
negeciations recently tentluded. troth the prnrksienal
nature of the Greek GoVernitien't during ttie last three
year*, nothing Could be 'eipeCtett but disturbance, insurrec-
tion, and anarChn A similar result must have le en looked
for from a similar experiment on any country, but in
3reece the elements of trouble and disorder abounded int3re
than in any other known political atreosph4e. It had
never enjoyed a regular kloVernment after it revolted
against the Turltish scymetar ; and the turbulent chiefs,
whit quarrelled with each other while the common enemy
was ready to overwhelm them all, were not likely to t-giee
when new objects of contention strotY; In the absence of all
external dangete. Tit_othing but a strong and determined
Government could have established order in Greece on the
Sttreat of the Turks and the refusal of the Crown by Prince
Leopold. The wily Greek who frightened away the Prin.&
by his exaggerated descriptions of the 'diftetilties and
dangers which he evoidd have thcounter, outwitted
himself when he ittiAgibeel that he could occupy in security
and peace the Vacant throne. The barbarous chiefs and
corrupt primates, who would willingly have submitted td
a Prince arriving among them with a Eureretth commis-
sion to rule thesn,—witho peentiary means to pay their
obedience, or to temp their zeal, and with a body of troops
capable of ttpressing their excesses or punishing their re-
Volt,--were not likely to submit to an unfriended tenor:-
countryman without pecuniary resources cr ttilitary sup-
port. Accordingly, when Prince Leopold declined the
proffered honour,-,-,,-whtn the Plenipotentiaries in London
forgot, in the turmoil of western revolutions, that Greece
existed,—when subsidies ceased to flow into the Treasury
of the President, and he himself had spent his ecenty for-
tune,—they began to find out that tit Was a tyrant,
—that he had forgot the Constitution which was never put
in execution,.---and that he was not entitled to their obedi-
ence. The Chief of Maina revolted, —the islanders, especially
the Hydriots, conspired to recover their wild indepen-
dence,—and, as almost the sole power of the Government
was centred in its one frigate and its naval arsenal at
Poros, Admiral Miaulis, who was formerly reckoned so
good a patriot, took it into his heal to capture and to
burn both. This was confusion enough to satisfy any
lover of anarchy ; but the presence of the three Envoys
from the three high protectors of Greece, (England,
France, and Russia), at the seat of Greek Government,
and the presence of three protecting so.itailtoos of the same
Powers in the ports of that principality, has rendered
" confusion doubly eonfounded." The Russian Admiral
attacks the insurgents, and supports the President. The
two other naval Commanders will attack neither, and
endeavour to arrest hostilities on all aides. We have not
room for the insertion of docoments Which contain these
facts ; but we cannot conclude without pressing upon the
Conference cf London the necessity of a speedy arrange_
ment, and the immediate transportation to Greece of any sen_
sible Prince who will accept of a Greek throne.—Terees.
From one end of the country to the other the nation is
deeply agitated, and we wily rbgret our inability to record
in our columns all the meetings and movements which are
taking place. Most of the towns and parishes have already
met, County meetings are now every where talzing place
or in progress. Hampshire, Cornwall, Cheshire, and
Lancashire, are to be ed(h,,el to the list of counties in which
meetings hare been held. At the Hampshire meeting an
address was proposed by Mr. Budd, and seconded by Mr.
Cobbett, in which the feeling now generally entertained
with regard to the Bishops wee roUndly expressed.
" What has been m'r kh'algnation at seeing a hundred and
ninety-nine pers'3lii, enriched and made great only by taxes ex-
torted &dint ourselves, scornfully reject all our claims and ow-
pheations, and treat as nothing worth even the royni, gracious,
and earnest recommendation of your Maresty 1. But if lan-
guage would fail in endeavourthg to give vent to our thoughts
relative to this whole hand, where shall we find words to ex-
press our meetings with regard to the conduct of those mitred
eneolit,A Of our rights and happiness, who, rolling in wealth, end
lodged in princely palaces by means drawn froqi Obi- property
and labour, and thus exalted as the !Minaculate guardians of
piety and virtue, have by this their vote, stamped the seal of
their approval ovi :cones of drunkenness, fraud, corruption,
subornatiesi, and perjury, more flagrant, more shameless, more
teeoting with abominations than were those, on the actors 10
which God, by the mouth of Job, pronounced that the congre-
gation of hypocrites should be desolate, and that fire should
consume the tabernacle. "f bribery ; more flagrant, more full of
abominations than the acts of the apostate sons of Samuel,
equal in turpitude and cruelty to the despoilers and destroyers
bf Naboth, and yielding in point of wickedness to the deft's of
none but Judas Iscariot himself!"

This is strong language ; and those even who supported
the amendment, which was carried by a small majority,
did not quarrel with what Mr. C,bbett said of the Bishops.
The original address (Mr. Cobbett's) also prayed his
Majesty to exercise his prerogative " by issuing, in ac-
cordance with ancient usage, your writs for a new House of
Commons, agreeably with the provisions of the Bill which
has now been rejected by the Peers." Mr. Marsh, who
seconded the amendment, " slid not mean to say that a
day might not very soon arrive when that extreme step
might be considered necessary; but on the present occa-
sion it would he establishing a dangerous precedent, and
one which might be exercised by some future King with-
nut justice to support it." At the Cornwall meeting, four
Anti-Reformers made their appearance, Lord Valletort,
Lord Elliot, Captain Hart, and Captain Bum lase ; and Lord
Valletort spoke at some length. His object seemed to be
to try the effect of the trick played in Dorsetshire—namely,
to frighten the farmers about the Corn Laws, and to pro-
duce dissension between the farmers and manufacturers.
The Tories are always on the look-out for discord, in
which their only hope is placed. He tried his hand also
at intimidation :

" If the people," he said, " thought to intimidate the Lords,
and to force them to act conformably to their wishes, they only
deceived themselves. With respect to those who thought that
if there was a convulsion in the country the rich would be
driven from their seats, he begged to say, that he believed that
in all great countries like this, where convulsions had taken
place,' it had been invariably found that it was the poorer
classes of society that had suffered.—(Cries of No, no—where's
I'olignac—where are the French Noblesse now ?') The rich
would always have the means of support, but the poor would
be utterly deprived of the means of supporting either them-
selves or their families. Ask the farmers, if a large portion of
the community could not purchase bread, how they would sell
their corn.—;Great manifestations of disapprobation ?")

We are well aware that the industrious classes suffer
most by convulsions, because, as Lord Valletort observes,
a rich man, determined on throwing his country
into confusion, may raise money on his property and
scamper off with it to the Continent, while a shopkeeper
or mechanic cannot desert his home. But the middle and
working classes are taking measures to prevent the possi-
bility of confusion. The Unions every where forming,
and the organization of armed householders, will deprive
the borougbmongers, or any of their desperate retainers,
of all hope of convulsing the country. Besides, though
the people may suffer most by confusion, do not let the
Anti-Reformers believe that they have nothing to lose by
confusion. The land cannot be carried out of England,
nor the stock upon it, and exile without remittances, at
Vienna, Rome, or Naples, even with the aid of charitable
contributions, is but a sorry affair after all. A small
pamphlet on this subject has been published by Mr. Ridg-
way for distribution, entitled " A few Words of Advice to
the Householders of London and other large towns at the
present crisis." The author strongly dissuades the people
from having recourse to means of a violent character. He
points out the embarrassment which the refusal to pay
taxes would cause to the very Ministers in whom the people
confide. We may observe, by the bye, that the refusal to
pay taxes was only contemplated in case the present Ministry
should have resigned. The author concludes with the
following recommendation, which is deserving of attention :

"In the next place, let me observe, that in union is
strength ;' and I would suggest to you the expediency of re-
viving, at the present moment, the old Volunteer Corps. I hope
there will be no disturbances ; but a wise man is always pre-
pared for the worst. Now, if disturbances occur, you, indivi-
dually, can do nothing ; you must submit to any damage with-
out opposition—but, collectively, you are strong I should ad-
vise, that those householders in every parish, who are inclined
to act as volunteers, leave their name and address at the Vestry-
room ; that each parish be divided into sections ; and that over
each section be appointed some old serjeant ; some individual
who served in the old volunteer corps ; or, in short, some per-
son of experience, and acquainted with military tactics. Let such
householder be furnished with a musket ; and let there be some
spot in the parish named, where the corps should assemble in
case of emergency. Let the several parishes be united ; and let
it be understood they are to assist each other, if required ; and
it would be desirable, that no step should be taken without the
presence of a Magistrate."

We may here observe, that a very slight training is re-

quirerl at this crisis. The volunteers contemplated fight-
ing in the field against an enemy; and in that case both
the manual and platoon exercise Were necessary. But it
is Mit wished to make soldiers of the householders; and, in
fact, little snore is necessary than the enrolment of the in-
habitants, the division into appropriate districts with
places of rendeavous, the aPpointmiiot of leaders, the pos-
eession of arms, and the trnot4.2dge of the pi.6per manner
priming and loading, so that a man may nut put the
ball in before the powder. In a town, military discipline
of a high kind is not of much consequence. All that we
require is, that men should know how to fire, and that a
system should be devised (or assembling them without dif-
ficulty or confusion. rore-wartied ie fort-mrtted; We
*all by ve.l7 sines.; riciai3ls, and at little expence of time,
place persons and property beyond all danger, or appre-
hension of danger. At the Lanarkshire meeting, on
Glasgow-green, the language of the speakers was very de-
termined. Woe to the Bjshor ,the scotch ever come
in contact Wi.th Chronicle.

The advocates of Reform are every where on the alert.
Our columns this day contain reports of the meetings
which took place at Hampshire, Cheshire, Cornwall, and
Lanarkshire, in all of which the utmost enthusiasm pre-
vailed. The meeting at, Cornwall i particulaily desert-iag
of attentiCn; for it was distinguished by the appearance of
an Anti-Reformer (Lord Valletort), who obtained a hear-
ing sufficient to be intelligible. His speech, however,
was accompanied at intervals by a running cOmmeniary of
groans and hisses, 14ilii.ela gave biro fully to understand
t'Arl.t sort of impression his opinions had produced. The
feature was a new one, and it afforded considerable amuse-
ment. His Lordship was well replied to by Sir C. Lemon,
and other speakers, who made themselves merry at the ex-
pense of the solitary 'Eery had Ventilred amongst
them, the gheatest enthusiasm prevailed at all the meet-
ings ; and in addition to those which have taken place,
Herefordshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Radnorshire, and Dum-
bartonshire, are about to assemble ; and in Ireland the
counties of Waterford, Carlow, Tipperary, and Kerry, be-
sides many ()liters, are preparing to contribute their aid to
the cause.—Morning Herald.
The Bill lately passed with the professed intention of
amending and ameliorating the game laws Alight be store
properly intitled " A Bill to tender the feudal tyranny of
the game laws more oppressive." Its claim to this title
it is unfortunately but too easy to prove. We must
premise that, if this Bill had worked any reform of those
laws which are the most odious and degrading badge of
the Norman coneluest, we should not have objected to it
liecalise that Reform was not either a sweeping or efficient
one. We should have regarded any real improvement as
an earnest of more, though we should still have preferred
one measure, for the full and simple and immediate abo-
lition of the system, to a Reform effected by piecemeal
legislation. If it be right that Parliament should he
efficiently reformed dt once) why should the extinction of
the game-tyranny be attempted through the tedious pro-
em of a bit by-bit Reform ? But the new Bill is not even
the commencement of a bit-by-bit Reform. There is
nothing of Reform about it—unless that be Reform which
makes a bad system worse. We arraign it at the
bar of public opinion) and we adduce the proofs.
By the old law a farmer, or other occupier of land,
not having the freehold estate, but being qualified as to
property, and having a game certificate, might kill game
on the land lie so occupied ; but under the new--the
" ameliorating" law—he cannot do that. The farmer,
though qualified as to property, and having a certificate,
is to he considered a trespasser if he dares to kill a par-
tridge or hare in his own fields without the permission of
the landlord ! This provision shows that the alteration
which the Bill has effected in the game laws was really
intended to lie a benefit to the landed proprietors, and not
a boon to the country. In order to give a show of reason
to this most iniquitous provision, whereby an occupier of
land to any amount of property is liable to be treated as a
trespasser on his own possessions, it is declared as a prin-
ciple of law by the Bill that the game of any farm, field,
or land, shall in all cases belong to the landlord, except
there be a special covenant in the lease that it sl all belong
to the farmer and occupier. This is followed up
by enacting that the landlord shall always have the
right of nootting and taking game himself upon such
land, and ofi authorizing other persons to do so. Now,
when Lord Althorp took up the question of the game
laws, it was expected that a very different principle
would have been recognised as the principle and
criterion of property in game. It was expected that the
occupier, by the produce of whose industry and capital the
game is fed and matured, would be admitted to be the only
legal owner of the game upon his lands, which by our an-
cient common law, before the Norman William inflicted
on us the slavery of the feudal system, was accounted to
have no particular owner, but to be, like all animals faros
nature, the property of him who first reduced them into
possession. If the intentions of Lord Althorp were neu-
tralised by the " amendments" made to the Bill in the
House of Lords, why did he not denounce those amend-
ments When the Bill came back to the House of Commons,
instead of allowing the Bill to pass as a measure of conces.
sion and R, form, and thus sanctioning an imposition on
the country ? By the old law the farm ti farther and other otx-
pier could *kill rabbits upon his lands withotit permission
of the landlord, or Without a certificate, and could give
any persons be pleased liberty to do the same, for the
old law made rabbits an exception to its tyrannical mo-
nopoly by accounting them rather as vermin than game.
What is the case now ? By- the new and " ameliorat-
ing" law the farmer or tenant cannot shoot even a
rabbit on his land, without a certificate, nor even with
a certificate, unless he can also obtain the permission
of the landlord ! If a farmer should give permission to a
friend to shoat rabbits on his land, that friend having a
certificate to kill game, yet by this new law the servant
or the gamekeeper of the landlord may come upon the
premises, and take the rabbits which he has killed from
him. The insolent minion of the supreme Nimrod may
proceed to enforce his demand with violence ; may knock
the certificated killer of rabbits down with his bludgton
or gun ; and, if he resists cc as to *Mind the assailant, lie
is made liable to be dragged to gaol to suffer the pains and
penalties of a felon ! Englishmen ! this degrading tyranny,
worse than any in Turkey, is called a reform of the game
laws! Here is a new felony added to our vindictive code,
for the purpose of giving our hereditary legislators and
country squires an absolute dominion) not only over game,
but over the rabbits in a farmer's garden. Can the sale
of game under the most vexatious restrictions, and the re-
moval of the previous qualifications, compensate for these
and other additional severities to the penal code of rural
despotism, which fills the workhouses with paupers, and
our gaols with criminals ?—We know what answer the
country will give.—Morning Herald.

Now Bishops and boroughmongering Peers—ye vene-
rable and ever-to-be remembered 199, who declared by
your votes that neither Englishmen, Scotchmen, or Irish-
men, should be free—will ye do yourselves the favour the
read this day's Morning Advertiser, and tell us what ye
think of your conduct? Is there not a great " re-action"
in the country, and a very proper " indifference" mani-
fested throughout it to the cause of Reform? Have not
the people ben sadly deluded by a "revolutionary and
beastly Press ;" and have they not now recovered from the
fit of insanity under which they laboured during the last
election ? How very wisely ye judged of their state, and
how admirably have not your remedies worked? Rus-
sell's purge was a trifle to your nostrum t and your rejec-
tion, a second time, of the Reform Bill will, we doubt not,
confirm the admirable cure which you have already ac-
complished, of the nation's malady. Under similar cir-
cumstances, persons of common understanding would be
apt to say—

Facilis descenstis averni
Scd revocare gradani--
but ye who know much better than men of " less degree,"
judged better—ye saw more clearly the delusion under
which the country laboured, and though the only proper re-
medy was one of that very dangerous character, which is
known among us, " the mob," as " kill or cure," ye nobly
and disinterestedly, and most courageously, determined to
apply it. Now witness its fruits. At the great Hamp-
shire meeting which was held on NVednesd iy, and whose
grateful remembrances of your Lordships' vote were of a
moderate nature, and by no means worthy of your high de-
serts ; a resolution was proposed and nearly carried—in-
deed' all but carried—in which the following language was
employed : --
" If language would fail us in endeavouring to give vent to
our thoughts relative to this whole band, where shall we find
words to express our feelings with regard to the conduct of
those mitred enemies of our rights and our happiness, who,
rolling in wealth, and lodged in princely palaces, by means
drawn from our property and labour, and thus exalted as the
immaculate guardians of piety and virtue, have, by this their
vote, stamped the seal of their approval on scenes of drunken-
ness, fraud, corruption, subornation, and perjury, more flagrant,
more shameless, more teeming with abominations than were
those, on the actors in which God, by the mouth of Job, pro-
nounced that the congregation of hypocrites should be deso-
late, and that fire should consume the tabernacles of bribery ;
more flagrant, more full of abominations than the acts of the
apostate sons of Samuel ; equal in turpitude and cruelty to the
despoilers and destroyers of Naboth, and yielding in point of
wickedness to the deeds of none but Judas Iscariot himself "
A resolution also, to the effect that the King should at
once exert his undoubted prerogative in issuing writs ac-
cording to the provisions of the new Reform Bill, and
withhold them according to the saute statute, was nearly
on the pint of being carried. There was also some ta'k

at it about disfranchising your Lordships ; but we pass
over that part of the business, and request your attention,
in the second place; to the Cornwall meeting—a regular
and downright 'tory county previous to the last election ;
but which, labouring, like the rest of the country at that
period, under a deliided mahia,, became enamoured of
Whiggeri, and returned ttVo Whig Members to the
House of Commons. Your Lordships will, no doubt,
regret to perceive that these Members are still as
" mad" and as " deluded" as at the period of elec-
tion ; and that so far from the county having been cured
of the Reform mania, it appears to have been seized with an
additional fit of phrency. We beg your Lordships to pre-
scribe d Shitable reincdy ; for; as ye will perceive from
the speeches, the people are in a very desperate condition.
Come we next to the meeting in the county of Lanark,
and what is the result? The Same delusionthe same
mania prevails=-:nay; the disease appears not only to have
become Mora preValent, but to have increased in virulence.
There were thirty thousand persons present at the meet-
ing, and not one, it would appear, who did not labour
under the disease. One of the speakers, no doubt labour-
ing under an extraordinary access of fever, declared that
the " Bishops were not messengers of peace, but messen-
gers of " they were lilee the priests spoken of
by the prophet Isaiah, dumb dogs that bark not—greedy
dogs that never have enough, who took the fleece from the
flock, and let the flock go to the devil."—This was a hard
saying, and An Unquestionable symptom of R'-form aber-
ration ; but it was not the Only One 3 fot the
next speaker showed that he had been bitten
by the same dog. " The Bishops," said be,
" had stood in battle array against the King and the
country; and even against their God, by the bad example
they had set. 'they had incutted the odium of every
friend to his country, though they had called themselves
the gentle shepherds of the flock of Christ—that holy
name they took in vain; They were Set to give a good
example, kit who would shy longer follow the example of
such execrable wretches This ebullition of the " insa-
nity" which pervades the country was followed by others
not less frightful. One speaker remarked, that "he
knew no assembly in the country that hail the power to
impose taxes," Another asked, " What could be said of
the 13i5hopa who professed to be the servants of Him who
had not where to lay his head, and who were luxuriating
in affluence wrung from the sweat of our brows—who
professed to be the messengers of peace, but who had
done all in their power to lighten tip the torch of dip-
Card--on whose girdles ' holiness to the Lord' ought
to have been inscribed, but where they bad written
with their own hands Ichabod the glory is departed ?'"
Another speaker thanked his Maker in the same
strain " that Scotland had nothing to do with flishops,—
that their forefathers bad fought to get rid of them," and
asked whether " they, their descendants, would allow them
to rule over them ? Tt,e same glens," he added, " which
your forefathers frequented still exist, and we can nosir go
to those glens too, and oppose the Bishops as they had
dome. Then," said he, " lift up your covenant and swear
with me, that the Bishops shall have nothing to do with
us or our Bill." The remaining speeches all breathed
the same spirit, and exhibited equal symptoms of the pre-
valence of " insanity" throughout the country. We beg,
therefore, to submit to the memorable 199 whether they
wou!d not greatly contribute to the health of the country
by holding another consultation, and revising their pre-
scription. Their former nostrum may have given nett/
life and renovated vigour, and sound understanding, to
some of the King's subjects, whose constitutions and tem-
perament resembled their own ; but it appears to us now,
as we think it must also appear to them, that the same
remedy will not suit all constitutions, and that a very dif-
ferent prescription must be exhibited, in large doses, before
an effectual cure of the dreadful malady which pervades
the country can be accomplished.—Morning Advertiser.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.

On Wednesday a group of thirteen young men and women
were placed at the bar, before Mr. HALLS, charged by Mr.
Thomas, superintendent of police, with being vagrants,
they having been found assembled together in an unlicensed
house, assisting in the performance of a play. The ma-
jority of the defendants were of the lowest order, and one
or tWo of them appeared in the faded costume of a com-
pany of strollers. Some scenery, a large drum, and a
quantity of old rags, made up into theatrical dresses, were
also produced before the Magistrate.
Mr. Thomas stated that he received information that
private plays were In the habit of being acted at the house
No. 2'l, Short's-gardens, Drury-lane, and that scenes of
disorder took place nightly there. Being informed that
money was taken at the door, he proceeded to the house
on Tuesday night, accompanied by some constables, and
found one of the defendants, John Game, st itioned at the
door, saying, " Walk in, ladies and gentlemen ; positively
the last night ; tickets only Id. each ; now is your time."
On the outside of the house was pasted a bill with these
words—" This evening will be presented the melodrama
of The Manioc, or the Lost Husband;' after which
a tothie, dante, to conclude with a dorhie song. 'tickets
one penny each, to be had opposite. Take notice, no money
taken at the door ; opens at six o'clock. God save the
King and Queen." Mr. Thomas added, that on entering
a room on the ground-floor, he found that one-half of it
was divided ihto a stage, in front Of which nearly thirty'
persons were seated on benches. The defendants, Emma
George, and David Henry, were on the stage, dress d in
character. He gave directions to his men to take them
into custody ; and immediately the lights were put mei
and a scene of the greatest confusion took place. Several
of the performers escaped by scaling a wall at the back of
the house; and Miss George would, mast likely, have
escaped also, but that, in her flight from the stage, she
tumbled over a bucket of blue paint, and was speedily
captured.—(Laughter.)
Mr. Har.r.s asked if them was any proof that money waa
takeh at the door.

A lad, named William Hunt, was called forward, and
proved that he pad a penny at the door for his admission,
to the defendant, John Game, now present. When he en-
tered the theatre he heard the sound of a drum and a
mouth organ, and soon after, at the ringing of a bell, a red
curtain drew up; and the performance tothin‘mced. Wit-
ness, after remaining about a quarter of an hour, went away.
William Ryall, a police constable, proved that he took
the defendant, John Game, into custody. The defendant
said that he took but Is. 6d. at the door for tickets
during the evening: Witness found a great quantity of
halfpence ih hit potiketSk
Mr. i-taLLs asked if the words " licensed according to
Act of Parliament" were painted over the door of the house.
Mr. Thomas answered in the negative, and charged the
defendants under the Vagrant Act, with being disorderly
persons. Three of the females he could prove to be pros-
titutes, and one of the male defendants be knew to be a
common thief: With respect tto the female; Punta Oeoir,
he had netting to say, but that her father held a situation
some years ago in Covent-garden theatre, where he was
unfortunately killed. Since then he understood that the
young woman resided with her mother, and an unhappy
rage for theatricals induced her, no doubt, to join " the
Sanspareil establishment," her pay being is. per night as
the leading tragedy actress.
After some discussion with respect to the necessity of
having grounded the proceeding On ah information, oh
which point Mr. HALLS and Mr. MINSHULL differed in
opinion, the former, as the presiding Magistrate, decided
that the defendants must be discharged, on the ground that
an information ought to have been laid.
The defendants were accordingly discharged
LAMA s

Yesterday Mrs. Scales was brought before Mr. NOR-
TON, on a peace-warrant, for threatening the life of Mrs.
Susan Jones.

The complainant, a fashionably-dressed and good-looking
young female, stated that on ;4 iturdat night that the de-
fendant called at her house, and having ascertained that
her husband occupied apartments there, commenced
abusing her in the most scandalous manner, declaring that
the first time she met her out she would have her life.
" I'm not in the habit of using such language, Madam,"
observed Mrs. Scales, with a soornftil snter besides,
Madam, if my language was so bad, and my disposition so
violent, how was it that you went out for a quartern of
gin, and partook of the same at my expense, and afterwards
stood a quartern yourself? Explain that to his Worship."
Mrs. Jones—What you state is partly true and partly
untrue. Now my quartern was gin anti peppermint, though
you say gin—(Laughter)and the reason why I joined
was more from fear than love.

Mr. NORTON asked Mrs. Scales what reason she had
for going to the house of Mrs. Jones at all ?.._She replied,
that that person was the cause of a separation between
herself and her husband, with whom she now lived in the
most open adultery. She (Mrs. Scales) bad for some
time been endeavouring to find cut where they lived, but,
was unable until last Saturday evening, and her reason for
going there was in order to. see her husband, in order to
get him to make sonic addition to her weekly allowance,
which he was well able to do, as he kept Mrs. Jones like
a lady. While she was there enjoying her drop of gin, as
she had before described, her husband and another person
came to the house, and bundled her into the street. jrt
conclusion, site assured his Worship, that all the threats
she trade use of towards the complainant was, that if ever

she found her out walking with her husband, she would
give her a good flogging.
Mr. NORTON observed, that it was not to he wondered
at if a wife followed her husband, and on Mrs. Scales pro-
mising not to molest Mrs. Jones for the future, he dis-
charged the complaint.
