EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

The Time: Office, Eight o'clock a. nt.
e have just receivedthefollowing intelligence :
" PARIS, WEDNESDAY, FIVE O'CLOCK.

" Any alarm► which might have been felt on ac-
count of the calling into effective service 80,000
soldiers will be allayed by the important declaration
which M. Mole, the Minister for Foreign Affairs,
has this afternoon made to the Chambers, that
France is determined to act upon the strictest prin-
ciples of non-interference with the affairs of other
nations, and that there is every reason to believe
that such will be the ruling principles of all the Great
Powers. I have repeatedly stated that such was
the policy of the French Cabinet, but it now becomes
an official fact. This wise decision secures the tran-
quillity of France and the peace of Europe.
We have not room for Wednesday's debate in
the Chamber of Deputies; we can only give the
following extracts :
" Baron Louis, Minister of the Finances, spoke as
follows, in the name of the Government Gentlemen.
we come forward to lay before you a law of the utmost
importance—a law relative to the contributions indireets.
France is a fine and rich country ; hut the true key of
prosperity is to know how to apply those sources of her
riches. This knowledge was always difficult, and now
more than ever. The progress of eneiety is slow ; the
principle, of that progress and perfection may be laid in
the course of a few hours, hut to put them in execution is
an affair of many years. The urgency of immediate relief
his irritated the minds of many, and, certain taxes having
once become an object of aversion, their total abolition ha.
been required without farther examination. Fortunately
we are in a country where the public opinion soon returns
to reason and good sense ; and the citizen■ will not show
themselves more backward in parting with a portion of
their fortune, than lately in offering their lives fcr
the support of the cause of liberty. We mu-t
not abolish the taxes called indirect : but heneeforw.rd a

duty of entrance shall only be established in towns, and
in the parishes no other duty shill be levied but that of
sale, and that equally divided amongst the dealers in wines
and spirits. Only thirty millions. of francs shall he re•
quirts! for the duties of entrance ; the duties laid upon
common sale in the country lavishes shall not be more
than two-thirds of the duties levied during the late three
years. Instead of one hundred millons of franc►, the duties
on fermented liquors shall not pars fifty millions of franc..
Duties shall be laid on transportaion. They shall amount
to about twenty millions.' The Minister then read a pro-
ject, consisting of forty articles, wbich it was too long to
copy. As soon as he had finished.
'' M. Etienne spoke as folloWs The project of law
which has just been presented was an object of general ex-
pectation, and is a matter of deep reflection for the Cham-
ber ; and every: member will probably fed how very
portant it is that a commission should be named to prepare
the discussion of this question during the prorogation of

_ .
the Chamber. Gentlemen, the project of law tends to
maintain the tranquillity of the country, awl to put an end
to the agitation and the discontent which the enemie► of
the national cause endeavour to foment. I insist on the
bureau assembling to-morrow ; but there is another sub-
j,et to which I wish to call the attention of the Chamber.
The Government has taken a measure full of wisdom and
energy, and we acknowledge its indispensable necessity ;
hot at the very moment when the Chamber is going to se-
parate, I should wish that the Minister of Foreign Affairs
would now come forward with some communications to the
Chamber concerning the situation of France, and its rela-
tions with the Foreign Powers.'

" M. Mole, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, replied--
6 Gentlemen, it is with pleasure I take the advantage of
the present opportunity to make those communications
which have been required of me. When .a Govenunent
is newly established, a long delay ensues before the pre-
existing Governments acknowledge it. One would think
that they want first to appreciate its rights, bat such has
not been the line of conduct of Europe towards us ; our
cause was so just, that the Cabinets have hastened to ac.
knowledge our new Government, and every where the
letters of Philip the First have been received in the most
cordial manner, and our relations are consolidated as hastily
as distance will allow. Europe desires the preservation
of peace as iincerely ne We do ourselves, awl we receive
from all Europe repeated assurances of this general wish.
The events which have just taken place in Belgium may
have given rise to some anxiety, and it was but just that
they should become A matter of serious reflection ; but all

intt oat may be conciliated by the adoption of the prin-
ciple of non-interference. No, Gentlemen, the peace
shall not be broken—its preservation is the object of the
general wishes.'
"M. Gerard, Minister of War.—.l You have just head
the words of the Minister of Foreign Affitirs ; my duty is
to furnish some explanations to the last ordinance relltive
to the recruitment of the army. These explanations shall
be given with no less sincerity than confidence, for the
present system allows at least every one, both at home and

abroad, io know what he may rely upon. You know
what was the situation of our army before our late revo-
lution. Some cf our troops are in Africa, others in the
Mures ; the Royal Querd hag been disbanded ; the vacan-
cies must be filled. By the new ordinance the army will
he placed on the accustomary footing in time of peace;
and we have it in our power to complete the army in case
of war. By forming new battalions and squadrons it will
become possible to replace a great number of old officers.
Two laws concerning the National Guard will complete
our means of security and defence. A law of recruitment

will be presented, calculate., to guarantee the rights and
interests of all, and also to atone for the deficiencies

of our military, code. Our (corers's, their mean* of de-
fence, and the arsenals, have given rise to eertsin measures

of precaution ; and we shall not be found unprovided, or
taken unawares, whatever may be the course of events;
but at the same time I repeat that France wishes nothing
but peace, but does not fear war. If she were forced to
war, numberless battalions of volunteers would arise, as it
were, out of the bosom of the earth itself, as was the *case
forty years ago, to defend the country; every arm, every
opinion would unite ; but no, France does not wish for
war, and we shall not be obliged to prove, as once before,
of what we are capable when we rise in one mass, and
when we are called upon to defend our territory and our
liberties.'

" After this speech M Berenger, reporter of the special
Commission charged with examining the proposition of M.
de Tracy, relative to the abolition of the penalty of death,
spoke as follows:
" The Commission is not at all convinced that the
majority of the nation understands the importance of the
abolition of the penalty of death: this abolition would ne-
cessitate great changes in ,the penal code, and, perhaps,
even the creation of a new one.'

" The reporter entered into great details concerning the
effects of the capital punishment applied to political crimes,
and grounds his reasons on numerous facts of the first re-
volution.
" The Commission wts of opinion that the penalty of
death should be suppressed in many circumstances, and
concluded for the adjournment of the question.
•, The question will be discussed after to-morrow.
" The former law on sacrilege was then voted, and re-
jected.
" The sitting broke up at half-put four."
Farmcn rums..-Paste, Ocx. 6.-Five per Cents.,
94f. .50c. 75e. 95f. 9$C 90c. 80e. 'Me. 70c. 60e. 94f.
50c. 60c. 50c.. 70c. 80e. 'Me. 70e. 90c. ; Four and a
half per Cents., 90f.; Three per Cents., 64f. 50e. 65e.
50c. 20c. 40c. 45c. 40e. 80e. 50c. 641. 60c. 55e. 50e.
Exchange on London, one month, 951. Me. ; three
months, 25f. 15e.
• " I may add, however, that the alarm was ground-
less; for recent events had led to so great a disorganiza-
tion of the French army, that but for this plan of recruit-
ing its ranks it would have scarcely had more than a no-
minal existence."

We understand that a Newspaper Reading
Room hat, within the last few weeks, been established in
Burghead, in which The Sun and other Journals are
" taken lo."—.Elgin Courier.

It appears by the Now York Papers, corro-
borated by private letters, that Mr. Holton', the founder
of the Colosseum in the Regent's.park, is not living with
ROWLAND STKPIIENSOIN, as reported, but is engaged in
taking views of American scenery.

HARVEST.--We are glad to hear from the
upper district of the country, that a very abundant crop
has advanced in consequence of the late mildness of the
weather, very materially to maturity—even in cases where
but lately there was little hope of so favourable a consum-
mation. Abundance of stooks are now to he seen on
all hands, and A few good days would send a great quantity
of excellent grain safely into the fartn.yard. In the
lower district of Morayshire, the harvest is, in most in-
stances, drawing towards completion. Eight or ten days'
such as we have had this week, would enable a great
number even of our most extensive agriculturists to cele-
brate harvest-home. The crops here, as almost every
where else, are abundant, and, generally speaking, of the
very best quality.--Elgin Courier.

• . -
ratcp:s for-sTAccs mix nal at OKZ **Wit.
Kink stock - shut Anuth ses Stiwk ...... ...... 19%
3 try Cant. lied.
3 .v.r Cent. C0n5........87 % 7 % Mew Ditto ......., ..--•
3 4 per Ceut -- PA. Bills, .61,1100 21. 64
I) 't ~.t. shut 1/itto ........ ....... lid. 64 6tl pm.
Sew 3% rs.- . ont.
ol MA.
4 per Cent. 1851
o.4uit ia Ann.
, Mita 30 t eats
:htto 50 years - Bank for Acc0unt.......... ---
India .it.tek - India ter Account ......... 7
---
" 11.01 1........... '.7 58 pin. Cone. for Oc____,_t.l±:.fi"" e("__

eItICKIS or roltrtoll rumps TKO DAT AT MIS O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — Neapolitan .... .......... .....
Brazilian Ronda •-• PCTUlliall 150.41 .“.......• 161,i
Ruenoc Acres Bonds
Ckilian Bonds -. Portuguese Boma '.....« ..... 'rl
-- Prussian, Old ..................9A
Volombian Bonds ... — Ditto, New ...... «ow.. . . .....
I )itto, 11324
tlanish
-.------•• len.. .......... ......:. -•
Ditto, 11421 -
fluatinuila ... ---- Exchange . .... . •%.1: "
•!4.
Mexican Bonds .... ........ .. ..- ---.-- 3 per cent........-L"'
....
ism.). !St2 •
.ism.). ...... •

RlCnrazuPianl: Taittuts.p:lrp.tAamTid.ONZ °,c LOrerglstre.

raicits or IRISH STOCKS, DUIII.It4, ocr. 5. ..
n4nk stork ....... ......... 2:15% ISt. Patrick Innir. (per 0. 4
...
Consols, 3 per cent. Bi% ! Royal Irish mu° .........
Gov, Stock, 33. per cent 95X ; National Ditto ..... .. ..........
.-
Ditto, New
96Y; Patriotic Dttto ................. •
.....
4 per Cent. •--• Hibernian Rank .............. .
....
1 .or. Deb. :1'; percent B9 Provincial Ditto ... ... ....
--
Ronal Lanai Stork .....
Grand Canal Stock . .
--...... hnp,,,at Nine... ...... . ......
.....
City Deb. 4 per cent - Mintag Co. of Ireland ......
...
II Mast Office Deb. 4p. c l)4 Commercial Butiditljs22_=*
... _ .........--

MAIL& 1) lle •
1 rrirrd Due. Arrived. (I
O Amenca n A Hamblin' •............. .
O itrazil
O Iluemus A ',ref . 0
O Carthagena. 0
1 Dublin 0
O Flamlerg 0
0 France 1
O Guernsey &Jersey 0 I 10;
))01
351
'WL e ti
441:21:
lilt:3:e ".
I 11 "1
::
::::d:: :I:
::::i.:::::::1. i .di.:1:•:::•::: ::11

HIAH WATICK A? LONDON 111111;6TOTMORK°W*
Morning... 9.9 mintititafter IL I Veiling... 0 minutes after 7

CONTRACT FOR WHEAT.
VICTUALLING-OFFICE, Om 8, 183°'
c,euThi:peiryee;o,:rfishzdoseunrcCsAinroti::::,hvreoirssirit:iiniotiredei(rn:seton.
,:iNftlithreeury:V)ow,fiicliatitnct;vlilit
,rie,81,:tidltiy:0:0:11:11.:
THE
on wit M4ie.tY's Navy, fkat ple hereby give Native,
And }sight Hundred Quarters of WHITE 3
Weighing not less than Sixty Pounds to the Bushel. to
lie delivered •
within
into the Victualling Stotts at to
and In
.four separate periods, via. 80t Quarters of RA,
the d2OO Quarters of White, withitaionfteen dayi from
off. ay of Contract, and the like tjututtities of each des
lPtion within every succeeding f
Wien &ye till the
Contract is completed.
Samples of the Wheat must he produced IT the P4ll/
tendering.
The Conditionsseen st this
of the Contract me/ i°l
Office.
Each Tender y the price in words at length,
and be delivered before One. o'clock on the day 21,P0""1;
and the P. rune who makes the 'fender, or ''"`" l'en*"
on his behalf, must attest! to answer when cilled for.
M. wALLEtt cluzioN.
rHE LON DON MEDICALGAzorti
AL for the Season 1830.31, in addition to the
.f,r
Papers, Cases, Reviews, will contain 1C"7,,,
Lectures on the Thenry and Practice of Nledieine, b/,,“
that
Elliotann ; Lectures by Mr. Brodie on Diseases 01!"!
Urinary Organs, in continuation of the Papers l t"e'
gentleman ln our hrst volume; a short Goose of {gees
on some interesting points of Comparative Anateo 4,,
Mr. Parker, of Birmingham ; and a Series of pets to
some of the most important Articles of the Materie e'
dies, by Mr. Battley.
The Number for Saturday, Oct. 9, contains Dt'. *
son's First Lecture, and Dr. °molly's Introductory Ogles
en opening Ole London University. • r by
Published in Numbers every Saturday hforatok .11
Lonem in and Co. to Whom Advertisernents4o.°
Wrapper may be sent , and to be had of all 13wIttollqi la
the I. ot gal 'tea Kin dom rice Sal
- ' -:---.----L-- -----."-------•""
~", Ifk ',,,,,',....,. •• '4_,, '
ribr,t•-• ,-,7:.K.tr.....,..i.; • „too
' i,.--;*. ffi:•!-=l.O.!Nr, --08 R,
LONDON,ait 8, 1890.
FRIDAY EVENING, OCT
French Papers
.Well
ing by an Extraordinar express-'theY art ( '
y
Weelnesciay night, and '
• Ot•
bare beets received this %or"'
particular importance. Tbe following are
tracts .

wrahnattetsifur
tbe(liraoimntetnhaenCceouorfrier Francois.) dta
army
measures taken by the Minister of war " Fatathe
aprueblynic,o:tnabaymrewesnplaieocmcmtsobftlhewefrooariieonrage
taahrneeiveobeigg:hiarliaryryssettlibasiefFedstor.ery_,vrior:
whnhuilinleaen7r:sin-n:iiiireeariitallei:dorts'inavhoonnaaeacesntsisaecdizanst7pen'tnrowssiivntiliiceetenumhiihrsishin:toetairninolfetrttarhhiepaitatsrho;liseobauoetfo:?.it:4ll:4l:
would prove a
and
sel r to
ofe
rtyryh them
r enemies
w atone.
rPeca Will
,i'iAlbsisiniri°llf,t.4ll.
e:6lehiglipli'riti.lielnPti nit
prescribes,etse on
to
c.
.1d
lii
struggle under
woo:
Alf rorlefrrofg;
shallss keep within the limit' of threat% PO" 0:11;s1ity
Tree from the path which her dignity sod 1T'0".% ono-
res oured to the citizens, the laws Which I' rio,, Pit
ifonceoverthrow will protect their persons and P.. 1 lioUld re:
urgency, the
ttwhneiflissaphereravilveryerayotefaoltfethatilteeeoreru,:inadaina;ittaieeise.P:crarbea:ron;:b°ll;:d.elrYtchs"
iclagrntio'n' l'e"lel4
minds are much usnqualilejiti),)stia it ii
of neutrality made by tho Goeernirlet inuie
interests."

au
ihrTrtl:sießreeod.oy
aintdis
prrhnotothbamantahtbcelLe, awthh'N'ttictahitioshoeryildegivir;?otillente,lo‘ll,'
nwnaurn. ce
If,tlui al Ord(oFn
ag
patrettheendeti
use
I:thiwvop:etogeredteleainkruainu.stmrobsiafseetnbpoeaaserrrdeipittimaaarenippeainfaerwas thoadbremattiebesseyatone::::::tf:
tfir:nosaurnafaYceivielleat.blrdihfr:oinernarscanog,gmoguOoll.:louln!si.tamnocrwsmsntlion'aoirtottnulfttadpaeousytt:ters.ninetooolienitoingfiladr dawens7arsnr4uirhgedir-ogntensnogy:ihnf°::oo:6lllllionnu;6l4niP,o:4otrneesirbboTot_bPhitoo:lo:nerlieg:he°,lloa:47wfirsibmitirneopant:tgilieou":l:oilitir6ebet,aliigipcsnre,neepiensl.ei.lloftemeollu;.tr'Ser:ureogisiste:j.pcsiti.;ein,°o:6l.eat4taliii,i)::ent
stationed in the Mores. T0A1(1:" d for ;,,tho'
corpslt
of cavalry
qwiti;wcoohuroriiensluist,innnetotinlnxiatfoseiumasolttferifinhe,;nlnefici:egiedlrpifres:ter;shsciosufeoorPaneentnemshtx(rirvianialtblw!ohlgtnweenremidaffi:leial:rle:ll:l'ohtithdisralliipti'ens6ihtilfillaletdritc,lrlssee°4):f:gielltner:ltrtr:liiiii:ii-lit
to place"'Vie.' Will therefore not be ,soak id liii''
credith
•
ers
, sa
ao
ou
r
na t1)o
Prussia,l eaongd
hwt 14bsai
which
:tie:: cis! t:eski nintoeaiewi
sources
ls, hed;
hcohef
si:i sruop
ersfrast4 Ir:win:cos. :oile:roit
et: Atli'
Several causes contributed to delay this messore ~.0 t
all, the intimate relations now existing ore
pep'
on
Cibinets of Berlin and St. Petersburgh, and con to
the with to act upon the same princlplet 0 Ole eg- le,
and, secondly, the events in Beigism, and the nt(!tch
of the Rhenish provinces and in Germany, 0111,he p
certainly of a nature to rants some limitation 00 ' *
of the Prussian Government. IWO
FralloVancee 11:eaabienittiggiomimalegrrilevianes,noncthtooeunamtnnnsioeue:encie:odrtslissitchreoenicieottrantiu.iii:
itive s
went of noels has Oren place in the mooro h
candid manner. Prussia does not merely proc aim her
fall to the ground.
lie.ion to the principle of non-intererence 10 111
ciarn; the hostile dispositions of Prussc
ia *Ott tbg
.. or
At St. Petersburgh on the 20th or gist of Septeo",:ii
The scknowledgment of Russia to hive bre° lell'Jt
wediat'lY after the arrival of that distinguiabed int itb
so that it may be expected in Paris from one Iliy 10 snot. 4
I! la ttident that the great European Povrers sre,ero,
their present situation, and how deeply they are 1111;),
in the preservation of peace and barniony. We t

tetra? likewit,e4itt England has adopted a different mode
of conduct front that ohs followed in our former revolu.
Mo. Great Britain has not only acknowledged King
Zonis Philip immediately after his accession to the throne,
bat has even used her influence to induce the other Pomo
10 do the same. Generally speaking, all Europe seems
NV to understand that her true interests is the re.esta-
blisktnent of order amongst us and the consolidation of
'system which ptomises so many chances of stability,
►hilst, if we were irritated and pushed on to war, ambled
to the critical situation of some Governments, it would
tidy provoke revolutions instead of preventing them.

(From 9alignani'B Messenyer.)
CHAMBER OF PEERS, Ocr. 5.
The Duke Ile Broglie rose to present the following 14w
project t--

" Art. 1. Any attack by one of the means set forth in
►he Ist article of the law of May 17, 1819, against the
Rn) al dignity, the order of eurcession to the throne, or
the right which the King derives fro►n the wi'h of the
French nation, expressed itt the dettlaration of August '7,
1880, and the Constitutional Charter, the inviolability of
his person, or the right* and authority of the Chamber, shall
be punished by imprisonment for a term not under three
months, and not above five years, and a fine of front 300
to 10,000 franmt. r

" Art. 2. The Rd article of the law of March 25, 1822,
hand remains repealed."
The law was ordered to be printed.
The partners of the house of Va,sal and Co. have sent a
petition to the'King, through the medium of M. Lafitte,
Praying fur 'loan of 30;000,000 upon good securities, but
the realization of which may require time.
By means, of this succour, the houses which were upheld
by M. Vassal, and numerous commercial enterprises, would
be able to maintain 'their ground. It has said the Bank,
which hes atteeptanees of that house fur more than
2,000,000, will not enforce its right rigorously to obtain
Payment, but will abstain as far as the interesta with
whieh it is entrained will allow. The amount of the
failure is variously estitnated, but it is thought to be for
shout 6,000,000. A council has been formed to assist
the principal partner in his laborious task.
ASpanish Junta it said to have been fornted at Bayonne,
eornOosed of I. Sancho and L. Pinto. The refugees con-
tinue to assemble along the Pytertriees ; they want neither
arms nor money. The Spanish Government expect their
►mmediate entrance into the country, and is taking mea-
sure. to oppose them. A telegraphic despatch from the
Prefect of Bayonne, on Sunday last, say", " The garrison
of Pampeluna' has sent the following detachments to the
various parts of the cordon t.--Te the valley of Beaten,
2bo men ; the Valley of Koneal, 20 ; Ochagurea, 150 ;
Ronenaux, 300; Burguetta, 300, all infantry, and 400
Royalist volunteers. The whole are under the orders of
Brigadier Jtianeto. It 'appears that they are arming the
inhabitants, and the troops at Ilastan furnish a post at the
pass of lepegney.' The line of demsrcatien between the
two kingdoms is studded with posts."

By the German Papers received this morning
Ive have a sort of explanation of the late riot in
Berlin, for the truth or falsehood of which we
cannot pretend to vouch. It is, however, a
decided ultra production'(ultra almost to absur-
dity); and, smong other curious points, praises
the just government of the beloved and revered
King 'of PRUSSlA—beloved, we suppose, be-
cause ihe promised his subjects a Constitution,
and fettered because he broke his
and tft promise-
-no...es with the following startling ab-
surdiVi, "Pitissis stands as a spot of light in
Europe, which no shadow can overcast !"
tl

papers contain a letter from the
Minister of Foreign Affairs to the Chamber of
Comers ,gin the ; Su,)ject of the new treaties
with the Pacha of TRIPOLI and the Bey of
TUNIS, by which the cause of humanity is a
great gainer, Both the pAcHA and the BEY
renounce for themselves and their successors the
tight of sending out cruisers against any Chris-
tian Power which, being at war with the Re-
gency, should on its part also abstain from the
exercise of this right against Tripolitan mer-
chantmen. They abolish in their dominions
lhe slavery of the Christians, the tributes, pre-
tests, or dues, under whatsoever name imposed,
On European Governments, and the monopoly
of commerce. Moreover, they bind themselves
hot only to give to foreign vessels which may be
wrecked on the coast of the Regency the ne-
cessary succour, but also to make good the value
01 the effects which may have been pillaged, and to
Pay fines as areparation for the murders which may
have been committed on persons belonging to
the crews of those ships. The only matter for
surprise is this satisfactory treaty is, not that it
is completed now and well completed, but that
it
has not been insisted on ages ago, For four
hundred years and upwards these African bar-
barians have been the scourge of Christendom,
Yet, until the Algerine expedition of Lord Ex•
MOUTH, scarce an exertion has been made to
suppress their piracies !
The Times Express of this morning contains
the welcome intelligence that France is earnest
in her desire for peace, and that consequently
she disclaims all idea of interference with Fo-
reign Powers, whom at the same time she
will not allow to interfere with her.—
In the Chamber of Deputies, M. MOLE,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, in answer to
a question put by M. ETIENNE, observed—
" Europe desires the preservation of peace as
sincerely as we do ourselves, and we receive from
all Europe repeated assurances of this general
,wish. The events which have just taken place
111 Belgium may have given rise to some anxiety,
and it Was
but just that they should become a
matter of serious reflection ; but all interest may
L
ue Conciliated by the adoption of the principle of
non-interference. No, Gentlemen, the peace
shall not be broken—its preservation is the object
ot,`_ the general wisheo." M. GERARD also,
e WV Minister, gave a most satisfac-
tory reason
the militar for the late order to increase
Y Power of France :""•." You know
what was the situation of our army before
iour late revolution. Some of our troops are
Africa, others in the Mores ; the Royal
Guard has been disbanded ; the vacancies must
lie filled, By the new Ordinance the army will
be Placed on the accustomary footing in time of
,peace ; and we hare it in our power to complete
.ttiet army in case of war. By forming new
battalions and squadrons it will become possible
to replace a great number of old officers.—
T
7.W0 laws Concerning the National Guard will
c rnplete our means of security and defence. A
law of
recruitment will be presented, calculated
'° 'guarantee the rights and interests of all, and
4
l? to Stone for the deficiencies of our military
code. Our fortresses, their means of defence,
and the arsenals, have given rile to certain nee-
, lure* of precaution; and we shall not be found
tflelirovided, or taken unawares, whatever may be
the course of events ; but at the' same time I re-
kat that France wishes nothing but
peace, but
nesnot fear war."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.
DEAL, OCT. 7.—Arrived off Dover, the Eleanor, Jen-
kins,
from St. Andero.
Sctrus-, OCT. 7.—Off the Island, the Cossack, Chan-
cellor, trout Catanis.
DovEtt, 7.—Arrived off port, the Eleanor, Jen-
kins, from St. Andero.
LivEaroot, OCT. 6.—Arrived the Evelina, Piere, from
New York ; and Ann, —, from Gibraltar. Off port,
the Pantaloon, Miller, from Demerara.
CORK, OCT. 4 —Arrived the Snipe, Howell, from
Honduras.
CORK, OCT. s.—Arrived the Duke of CI Irence, Pol-
lock, from Trinidad ; and Navarino, Sparke, from London.
Susnaut.arth, OCT. 6.—Arrived the Sylvanus, Law.
son ; and John and Mary, Hodgson, from Quebec.
HULL, OCT. 6.--Arrived the Fatne, Batter, front Riga.
Armanrict.t, OCT. 4.—A whaler was seen yesterday off
St. Abh's Held, going to the southward, supposed fur
Newcastle.
ABERDEEN, OCT. 6.—Arrived the Charlotte, Fyfe,
from Archangel.
YABUOUTII ROADS, Ocr. 7.—Arrived the Lusitania,
Watts, and Equity, Hewson, from Archangel.
CLYDE, Ocr. 6.—Arrived the John Campbell, Spence,
from Grenada.
GKEENOCE, OCT 4.—A schooner, With sails set, is
sunk in six fathoms water outside the Black Rock, at the
entrance of Cautheltown Harbour.
Ilatsrot., OCT. 6.—Arrived the Robert Gordon, Wat-
son, from Stettin.
DUBLIN, OcT. s.—Arrived the York packet, Hunter,
from St. Petersburgh.
Jsassv, OCT. 3 ....Arrived the Albion, Bldnfield, from
Petersburgh.

The Ossian, Lees, from St. Petersburg!) to Liverpool,
was wrecked the 24th ult. near Old Darney, coast of
Rosa-shirr.
The Mary, Bibby, from Newcas'le to Madeira, ran on
shore on the Ling Srnd on Tuesday, but has been got off,
and carried into Wivenhoe ; she must discharge.
The Hampton, M Chine, from Jamaica, has arrived off
Hutinf;s.
The Prince Frederick, from Demerara, has arrived at
Scilly, and discharging, having lost her mainmast, and
sprung her foremast, during a severe gale on the 241
bound to Middleburg.
Vzssrms sroicEst wrrn.--The British Tar,* fiom
Cayenne to Llguayra, the 3,1 of Aug., in 1at.17. long 72. ;
Scotia, from Limerick to Quebec the 19th ulr., in lat. 44.
long. 42. ; E'inina, from New York to Liverpool the
26th ult., in lat. 46. long. 31. ; Liberty, from London to
the Cape of Good Hope the 26th of Aug., in lat. 11.
long. 24.
The Priori's, Smart, from Liverpool to Lisbon, was
on shore in Dundrum Bay on Monday ; cargo discharging.
The Parker, of Sunderland, was fallen in with the 28th
ult. water-logged and abandoned, and carried into Scarbo-
rough on Tuesday.
