TRINITY-110CVE POY.IL FOLUNTEERS.

•

~,

GENERAL ORDERS.
The Lieutenant. Colonel thinks it due to the very
respeable Volunteers who constitute the divisions
of his Corps, to explain why they have not been
earlier called upon to fulfil that part of their duty
which consists in training for service, when the
offers of the Corporation were accepted on the 19111. „
July, and the Country throughout producing the
most animated exertion,,—exertions that confer in.. ,
finite honour on the spirit and energy of the Btill4ll'
Cbaratier, and which astonish surrounding

. .
Th.i delay has in part -arisen from the. eOrrieic.','
desire to obtain that sanction and, authority which ,
would have been mete analogous, to former habits
and education, as well as more congenial to a Sea. -1
man's feelings.
But the rigid rules of the. Naval Service, Oren'
under the pressing exigency of affairs, it watt
thought unadvisable 'to infringe : yet under such ..
an exigency, it would have been.on our part unpar.
&enable to have been tenacious—our Country .re.
quired- our example and our services—we ought
Father to revere the inflexible steadiness of the
principle which constitutes. one of the chief hul.,
warks of that maritime pre.eminenee which digni. •
Ties the Nati'irt, 'than either to arraign it, or he -
;disposed to consider 'it' as -an intentional disregard.
Hte,MAJasry, his Ministers, and the Country
at iargc, entertain -a Most faroUrable opinion of
charaCtters. trained from early life to the use.offreatv-'.
guns. Our offers of service' were in a line not u'ualo
were underitood to-be much wanted, and therefore ;;1
have,been accepted by fiiy Majesty in a manner that
,•;'
confirms their value and importance.
To be eminently useful' in such, a crisis, is be. e-c
coming , the eliSraCter • elf British „Seamen :
though many of us, from our "years,'•..may be een•
sidered as invalided, the occasion:. shall renovate
us, and our hearts'and inclinationste in Unison with ,
those of the youngestlamongst us. •• •
ire
The Period is an awful one ; the stoke never
fore so important ;—it is liberty or slavery
slavery of the must 'direful- Charafter ;--.7l""`'ery
rr
.ntan's.heart suggest to him 'what he is to OWe." "
subdued—This thought alone reconciles all diffie-ul-
ties. in our • way to be fully prepared ; •We
wilt
realize the expectations of our Countrymen, and lea
afrnudsternatteinrgpri:
enterprising
.of p
neitivietful,
one of means under Divine Providence,- 'o'
To explain the nature of the service we lave ur''
dertaken, is to facilitate its execution. V
A line of Ships. is to Le Stationed acrom the .en-
trance of the Thamer, above the Louder 11,:pe
and to be, so connected as to form- a Bonin fin'4
Battery, as far as pradicable, that will obstrud rite.
passage of an Enemy up the River—this Pali it 'iS •
our province to defend—the service is stationary,
but important; and the whole I\laritiine Commu-
nity will join us in the probable event of Invasinii;
we are engaged also to man Batteries on ti
River's banks, or thrown up within tell rni.leisa:
the Ivietropolis : the. Battery and S:iio,g9nr with ,
but in
use of the board:ng.pike, will be our chief we I
and our
own safety May
,00nsist in field artillery
.t
pikes : hence the .nteessity of being Insrue
their use ; the hand grenridoe and the carbine rny,,,
occasionally be retorted to, wilco vutnbers increaserc I
and thus be fully competent to 'noted and Aellend,
proceeding from one. post to another, our
our post. A portion of the corps,
,not eXcecut
one-fourth, is proposed to be afloat, a week g.ri•
time—arrangements must therefore be made ;
vatiohs must be undergone ; but in a cause like,
present—it would be ir;tliscreditable as irnpoittL".
to relax in our exertions, and the Lieutenant-L:01_
nel fully relies On tile attention, energy, and readfo); 1
compliance of the Volunteers to fit ilienticives
&dual and efficient service.

tlta
We have much ratisfattion in communicating
following Letters to the Public :--

otie Fund Committee,
AAllit ROYAL, LIVtRPOOL,
" tatb 4•epre..01., iso3,
" Messrs, LEWIS and r.::: a nr, P.l;:n4,,ers eflic 'Pa-
tie Royal, Li;,,eri)ool, have the gratification of,treithti,Erlng to .
Sir
FIAN" 5 W4RING, Bart, as ChArtnan 0.111 Ptri-
Theatre Royal, Liverpnol, amounting to 3171, rs• At •
the same time, they beg leave t,, add, that the ahnve Bene-
fit was supported with the wArinet 7:::11 .t. Loyllty, b'
ail Ranks ; and the principal Parts..in tlw Pl.:y .:1..1 i 0..:,
the Produce of,a.Benefit Night at the
were generously underzaken, on this Patriotic Occt,i,,o, by
the Gentlemen of the Arr/ty, Sat!;', anA Mum 1 1)1
41 • ' :*•./..'.' .. '
"-r.Ew is AN4 KNIGHT, i'vlana,-;`'r.t.,,.

THEATRE ROYAL DRVVZ-LAOrg: a
rrea4u9.-Olice, lac 3.
T 3 SIR FIANcIS DARING, 13AP:T. CiIIOMAN "

i

"'si a,
