SPAMSH PERS.

Irtotr, OCT. I s.—By Letters from persons of re-
speelability we learn, that the plan of attack upon .
Catalonia, of" itich informatiotilfas'been traitsmiited -
to our General, by the same post that brought these
letters,' and Which ‘vas.agre.d upon at Perpig lan on
the igth eh. hetween General ST. C;-YR., ,ands" his
Council of War, consists in leaVing garrisons in -
Montluis, BellegArde, and Figueras, and -pushing on
with 30,000 men, by way of Gerona, and 20,V0-0
by way of Serdana, for Ripon, where, they are to be,
formed into three .divisions i one of 6000. men to,
prdceed to Vich, another of.equA Lot ce to march.t6r.
OM, and a third. of 8000.14 Berga. But these are
visionary dispositions, nod _would reqoire ($O,OO
men at least to carry .them into execution ; whertas
the total of the force at this moment. nons&illon
does not exceed 6000; so that thqse gentlemen very..
ruoch resemble persons who, witlrouly aiew ghat
in their purscs, think nothing of beating a thousand.
piasters on the most trifling occasions. We ought
not, neyertbeics, to be thrown off oUr guard for in
fad 'we are but in a fe,,ble condition, and rcluirsi
very.considerable reinforcements. It 'is certain that.
there are only from 40() to 3t.10 men' in .IVionilui.s,
but they are laying in a goat quantity of provi'sions.
We have no he.itation in affirming that a dovhion::
'of 8000 men, who were marching for, Perpignan,
have had orders to march backagain in consequence
of their destination being altered. • • .
CO nu ttiNA, OCT. • Government carmoi.'
conceal from the public the ptieultar satisfaction with
which they received the highly esteemed letter 01
thanks addressed to theM by his Excellency J. H.
FltltE, Ambassador frOm his Britannic' Majesty,
previous to his departure fir the metropolis. Froth
its contents the inhabitants will learn, with satisfac-
tion, the merit which, by their just "attention' to so
worthy a Personage,-they have acquired in the esti-
mation of his Britamite Majestk, and Ens most
worthy Ambassador, whose m:!mory 'win always he
grateful, both to. the GOvernment, and those' whom.
they represent :

‘‘ The unecituvocal -proofs" of pure and sincere
friendship your Highnesses and the inhabitants of
this respectable place, have, manifested. towards 'the`
English Nation, on the occasion of 14 arrival' in thia'
city, and the distinguished , marks of honour which
they pay the troops and subjects of the King,' my
Master, who are in this port, are sure and happy pre-
sages of that peace and intimate alliance which %Vitt
perpetually unite the noble and; generous .panish
Nation with my Country. I 'should be-deficient io.
a just sense of grateful acknowledgment,
,it• Ie
not manifest to your Highnesses and the other Au-.
thorities, and to the whole of the :brave and kind-
heeried inhabitants, the most sincere and affetion-
ate expressions of eternal' gratitude, and offer you in
return all the• few service' which I can personally
and officially render. I intreat,yOur -Highnesses td
receive the expressions of -my- gratitude with yont
accustomed benignity, and that you will address such'
commands as shad beagrceahle to you, to the capi-
tal,' whither I intend to 'et -out to-morrow, or to
any other place -where I may be destined, with the
full assurance that I 'am anxious tO prove to Your
Highnesses the pleasure which it will give Me to
serve you.

have acquainted the -my masttr, of the
honours which you hive confetred upon-:me ;t4_
spring his -Majesty, that his troops and stibieis `hare
been and are treated by your Highnesses with the
greatest .consideration and friendship. I rill afsO
communicate the same information .to the Supreme
Central Junta ; and I expert that your HignnesSes
Will Continue to manifest to my felloW-countryrnen
those honours and generous feelings which are chic-
raaeristic et you, and that you • will communicate
your orders to the Authorities of the di)ferenr•to,Ans
in Gallicia, to give them every possible assistance and
encouragement in their passage through them.
" I have the honour, Ecc.
(Signed) " J. H. FBERE."
" Corunna, OR. Z 3."

ENTRAMBAS AGUAS, OCT. 13.—Yesterday even-
-1 ing arrived here a Capuchin Friar from Bi!boa, who
related to the assembled inhabitants the enormities
and atrociiies-committed in that place, by the erie-
mic.,.s of our religion, our country, and our
The moment they entered, they proceeded to the
Convent of the Capuchins, where they began to in-
sult those venerable finlAers,' %,iolently beating their,
pulling them by the beard; throwing them upon the
ground, acid compelling them to give them
4
sums of money. They -inquired for the. Superior. ---
He made his appearance,- but told theft) he had no
Money; They resolved to put him lo'death,
entreated that they would give him time to•pray.—
Theyaf length granted lilts an-ho A's. respite ; bur
the instant. this party went off, lie was seized by
another set of thew, who stripped -him naked and.
tied him to a tree, with the intention of shontinv
him. At the intercession, however,_ of a French
painter, an.in habitant of' Bilboa, they set him at li-
berty. They then repaired to the Church, where
they struck off the heads of the images,. dischargeA
their pieces at' a crucifix, broke open the-tabernacle,
and tossed the sacred elements on .the ground ; cal-
ried off the pyx, chalices, and patines, and broke in
pieces the decorations of the altar-piece, the lamps,
glas-cases; &c, They then proceeded to the Convent
of St. Francisco, wheie they killed-two of the Monlis
in the gatewa; and killed or wounded every one in
the place. The convent of St.. Augustin-,was thu
next- place which they visited; but 'here, ail the
'Monks having made their escate, they Wreaked tlieif
'fury upon. the 'library and th,2'irriages. Females of
all
_ranks were famed by them; and after violat-
ing a girl of 14 years old, they put her to death.
'ln short, the most savage Indians. could not have
been guilty of the atrocities. which they committed
in-that- unfertunete city. •

I canilot cc.imprebrad how the banditti vi•re

s-:ccdily informed of our departure from Bilboa ; for
th(Algt) w marched out at eleven at night without
of drum, they were close to us the following
fnorning. We cannot move without their know-
it ; and it is difficult to account for it, because
is impossible for the General to act with greater
*prudence and circumspection. In short, there
must be traitors somewhere; but Providence is on
our side..

CORUNNA, OCT. 26.—His Excellency M. FRERE,
the English Ambassador, set off for Madrid on
the 24th and, the day before, his Excellency
the Marquis D ROMANA proceeded on the same
destination.

AN ADDRESS TO HIS COUNTRYMEN BY A SPANIARD
WHO LEARNED THE LANGUAGE OF THE HERO OF

ITALY, AT THE FOOT OF THE APFENINEs,
" Spaniards ! In two months you have gained
innumerable victories, taken an incalculable quantity
of standards and cannon, defended the towns that
had been attacked, recovered from the power of the
tyrannical Usurper a great part of Spain, and killed,
wounded,. or taken prisoners more than 60,000
men. Hitherto 3ou have, each of you, fought by
the side of your respective habitations, into which
the binditti endeavoured to penetrate,•and upon
which your valour has shed a distinguished lustre.
It is now necessary to secure your liberty,
_by coin—
bating for your common parent until you have ex-
pelled them from your country. You will thus ri-
val, by your services, your ancestors who extermi-
nated the Saracens. Destitute of every thing, you
have of yourselves supplied every thing. You have
gained-battles without cannon, defended towns with-
out walls, made forced marches without shoes, and
passed whole nights in the open air without brandy,
and often without bread. None but Spaniards,
tghting in defence of. their 'religion, their country,
and a King so greatly beloved,. could have done so
much and suffered so much. Spaniards, you are
entitled to our thanks. To you, your grateful coun-
try will be indebted for,her felicity. The seven ar-
mies winch, but a short time since, arrogantly in-
sulted us, and audaciously assailed us, are now ei-
ther prisoners, or flying in dismay from your presence.
" Those evil disposed persons who smiled at the
necessities you were reduced to, and pleased them- '
selves with the expectation that your enemies would
triumph, arc confounded and tremble. But, Spa-
niards, it must not be.concealed from you, that you
still have done nothing, while there remains any
thing for you to do. Neither Catalonia, Navarre,
mit- Biscay, are yet rescued. Your enemies still
tread upon the ashes of the conquerors of Ronces-
&c. At the commencement of the cam-
paign, you were in want of every thing; now you
are abundantly provided : you have taken many of
the enemy's magazines; abundant succours ine
money, arms, and stores, have arrived from Eng-
land. The country has a right to expeCt at your
hands, the grand-work of recovering, and com-
pletely securing, her freedom. You will fulfil her
expectations !-' The principal obstacles are, undoubt-
edly, surmounted ; but you have still battles to fight, ,
cities to take, towns to deliver, and fatigues to un-
dergo. Is there one among you whose valour flags?
Is there one who would return to his home, and '
wait to see it pillaged and destroyed by a brutal and
rapacious soldiery, and himself reduced ro slavery
under the most horrid of tyrants ? No there is twee
such among the cunquerors of the armies of DUPONT,
JUNO; MoNCE*/, DUHESSIE, LEFEBVRE, and BES-
SIEBES. Al of them are animated with the desire
of exalting the glory of the Spanish nation. All of
them are anxious to bring the war to such a conclu-
sion as shall indemnify the country for the immense
sacrifices she has made, and the losses she has suf-
fered, and still suffers, from her treacherous allies.
All are anxious, on returning to the bosom of their
f imi;ies, to be able to lift up their hands, and to say,
I BELuNGED To THE AltuY WHICH GAVE LIBERTY
To :cri coUNTKY. F chow countrymee, I promise
you tins giury, but only on condition that you go
on with the same. ardour and enthusiasm which have
hitherto eistinguished your career ; that you frus-
trate the ilttincrS of a treacherous and infamous
enemy ; that you strew yourselves ready to 'break
asunder the chains of the nations which he still op-
presses, to regress the horrible burnings, massacres,
and pilhge in which those miscrearaq indulge.thetne
selves; and that you do not give them time to cow-.
plete the ruin of your most flourishing Provinces,
nor any hole of Leing able to set foot again upon
your soil. Without t;, is, your victories, your Va-
lour,
your gcod fortune, the blood of your brethren
who have fallen in the field of battle, will riot pro-
duce all the effects which you ought to expeCt from
theme.

" Provinces of the North of Spain ! The.incim.
cible armies of your fellow-countrytnen approach
you, in oßkr to bUrst asunder your chains, and to
znni.:iiate the enemy of all nations. rake courage
at ine sn;ht of thLar standards; your religion, your
airy your laws and morals shalt be asserted,
shall be free and triumphant."

OVIkDO, OCT. 17.—During the nights of Satur-
day and Sunday last, the inhabitants continued the
illumination, music, and pubic rejoicing, for the
inst:diation of the Supreme Central .Junta. The
Executive Cut mission api.ointed by this Junta have
restored the pLople to their former tranquillity, by
gleans-of the firm and aaive prat:et:dings which the
membeis or it have directud. Itte General, Officers,
and Troopi destined to support that important kjeCt
have co-operated in accomplishing- it with the great-
est zeal and efficacy.

CURUNNA, OCT. 26.—This morning, for the first
time, the British Flag was seen oath led in the streets
of this city. The and 43,) regiments, and, their
proportion of artillery and waggm train, were dis-
etnftirk-Al. The men were marched to the barracks,
where they wilt remain this day ; to•morrow they
4reto proceed to Betaiizos. Thee are to be follow-
ed. by tile 14111, arid battaii,to of the Guards,
which are to teflve their Transports to-morrow, and
afttr rt,t, will, in like manner, proceed on
their way towards Bingos, where they are all to
meet, taking, it is believed, different roads. Sir
JOHN Moos E's army is to join them there. Their
route will lie through Salamanca and Valadoiid.—
The troops landed-here wilt probably defile to the
Jett, and leave to tint right the mountains on the
Not th of Leon, and pass through Benevente and
. . .

SANTANDER, OCT. 9.--Within the last thlee days
have distabnkeci between seven and eight hundred

of our valorous and loyal troops, who were in the
North of Europe ; and since this disembarkation the
others who did not arrive have appeared in sight. A
general ringing of bells, many discharges of artillery,
and meth rejoicing has taken place among the inha-
bitants of this city, who, with the strangers, wel-
comed their countrymen. At putting their feet to
the-ground they prostrated themselves, and kissed it
with the greatest reverence and tenderness, giving
thanks to Heaven for having arrived at the land, as
they said, of Christians. They. had not heard Mass,
or received the Sacrament, since they had been with
the enemy, because the French considered sacred and
religious ceremonies unnecessary. Before their de-
parture, NAPOLEON, by means of his agentQ, had en-
deavoured to seduce them, by calling their Gmeral a
traitor, and saying he wanted .to sell them to the
English ; at the same time giving them his word of
honour that be would land them in Spain ; but the
many proofs which they had of his disregard to
truth and religion, in every place where his army
had entered, joined with some letters and papers
which they hall received from Spain, and by which
they were informed that the recognition of JOSEPH
was false, were sufficient inducements not to be-
lieve these assertions. On their disembarkation here
a general illumination took place.

MAILS.
Aluti vED —1 Heligoland. 0 X—l Gottenburgb, i Dublin,
3 W

PKICE OF STOCKS
Trull 13.1 I AT TWILV& O'CLOCK.
Consols - —66 i

THE SUN.

SOLILM QUIZ DICILAZ YALSUbI AIIDIAT

LON D 0

THURSDAY, NOVEMDER 10, 1808.

A report was circulated this morning, with consi-
derable confidence, that the Emperor of Austria had
declared war against France, and that BoONA-
PARTE, upon receiving the intelligence, had sud-
denly returned to Paris. We of course, do not
pledge ourselves for the truth of this statement, but
it appears from the Foreign Papers that the French
recently aCtually stopped the circulation of the Vienna
Gazette, in the North of Germany.

WE received this morning Hamburg!) and Alton?
Papers to the 29th ult. The intelligence they bring
has been in general anticipated by the French and
Dutch Journals. The Abcille du Nord of the 28th
contains a report that the Spaniards had obtained a
decisive viaory over the French, but our accounts
from Spain are of too recent a date to allow us
to entertain a hope that the report is well founded.
The statement in some of the German Papers,
that the Emperor of RUSSIA intended to visit Vienna,
appears to have been erroneous : his Imperial Ma.
jesty has, we presume, been ordered back to Peters-
burgh.

WE think it highly probable that a Battle has
taken place in Spain before this time, though we
by no means give credit to the reports which have
reached this Country upon the subject{. It was said
that the Windsor Castle Packet, which arrived at
Falmouth on Sunday last, had brought an account
of an anion between Generals BLAKE and NaY, in
which the latter was defeated- with the loss of 3000
men. The fad is, that when the Windsor Castle
left St. Andero no account had reached-that place of
any action except thz,. skirmish to which we adverted
yesterday.

The following is a literal copy of a Letter from a
Seaman on board the Africa, arid gives so interesting
an account of the glion between that Ship and. the
Danish Gun-boats, so lnduourable to our gallant
Tars, that we are pursuaded it will be highly accept-.
able to our Readers :

" His Majesty's Ship Afri,:a. ofirCopephage,n,
' Ott. 2,6, 'tBoB. ' •

" MY DEAR FRIEND,

" I offer sincere thanks to Almighty God., for his
infinite mercy in preserving my life, this day, during
a very severe ation with the Danish Gun-boats.
We sailed from Carlserona, in Sweden, about a week
since, with a convoy under our proteEtion of tear
200 sail of merchantmen, for Malino. Our convoy
got into the wished-for port, all, I believe, except
one taken, and three on shore, which were burnt by
our people, to prevent their falling into the hands of
the Danes.

" The Africa kept -between the convoy and the
Danes, to cover and proteEt them. About one
o'clock this day it was quite calm. We saw the
Danish Gun-boats rowing towards us, to the number
of 32 boats : perhaps you do not knuw, but for
your. information I tell you, when a large Ship is
becalmed, she is quite unmanageable, a mere log
on the water, which was our case. The Danes with
their oars took the opportunity to come on our
quarters and bows, where they knew we were
weakest, and endeavoured to rake us. About half

past two o'clock they came within gun-shot of us,
and we opened a brisk fire on them, from as many
of our guns as we could bring to bear on them.
They continued advancing, and stationed themselves
some on.the quarters, and some on the bows.

These boats have in a calm much superiority
over a ship; by means of their oars, they can pull
ionzid -a Ship 1-, any direction, and .being small,
comparatively only like a speck on the water, they

are
_no mark to aim at like a larze Snip. 'They
amounted, in all, as far as we can karn, to about

1920 men, and 128 guns, 32's and 42'5,, with
swivels. To do them justice, the);.shewed much
courage in coming near us, for our shot went far
