PROCLAMATION.

" Militiamen,—The public service requires that we should
march from this city for the purpose of preventing the flame of
the insurrection which has broken out in the neighbouring towns
of the Serrania from extending into our province. Discord

wishes to scatter her firebrands through the same plains in which
the voice of liberty resounded when Riego and his brave com-
panions redeemed us from the slavery in which we were plung-
ed. The genius of evil endeavours to disturb the tranquillity
of a population which will never make peace with rebels who
proclaim an absolute King. Would to Heaven that we had
the opportunity of coming to blows with those perfidious men,
who pusillanimously take shelter in the recesses of the moun-
tains! But while, unfortunately, we cannot coma up with
them, let us endeavour to fortify the noble spirit with which
the inhabitants of the province of Cadiz are animated.—Militia-
men, let peace, unity, and fraternity, be our motto. From the
house of the most powerful to the most humble cottage which
we may approach, let persons and property be respected.—
Since the peasant has had the misfortune to find that success
has not crowned his labours, let us not add to his affliction by
a conduct unworthy of those who are engaged in the cause of
liberty. Let us not spread sorrow among the many thousands
now employed in those fields, and gathering in the fruit of
their toils. Let them hear from our lips words which become
brothers to speak to brothers whom they come to visit ; and on
returning to our homes we shall have the satisfaction of know-
ing that we have their benedictions.
Cadiz, Aug. 14. " PABLO MATHEI.J."
AUGUST 15.

It was no sooner known in this city that the self-styled de-
fenders of the faith had unrolled the standard of rebellion and
discord in the Serrania de Ronda, and that the impostor Zal-
divar had once more appeared, than the enthusiasm of the per-
manent and Volunteer Militia became general. Every one was
eager to maintain in the field of honour public liberty, and to
punish the perjured and traitors. The most efficacious means
were immediately adopted by the Authorities, and among the
rest that of detaching, in aid of the moveable columns of Seville,
Malaga, &c., one under the command of the brave Don Pedro
Augustine. The national Volunteer Militia has manifested
the most anxious desire to share in the fatigues of the expedi.
tion. It was therefore necessary to yield to their reiterated ap-
plications, and there, was formed by lot, from those who volun-
teered, a column consisting of 36 artillerymen, 22 cavalry, and
337 infantry. With this column is to be incorporated a com-
pany of grenadiers of militia of San Fernando, and another of
the Cavadores of the Puerto de Santa Maria. The Political
Chief has put himself at their head. Yesterday the cavalry
and artillery commenced their march. To.day, the infantry
commanded by Don Pablo Matheu, after hearing mass in the
Church of El CarmenifimiLhaviog also saluted the sins of
our liberties, embatked for the Puerto in boats belonging to
Seville, the owners of which offered them gratuitously for that
service. It is impossible to describe the enthusiasm which the
departure of those worthy defenders of the country has excited
in this city.
AUGUST 16.

The Constitutional Ayuntantiente has published the follow-
ing notice :
fhe Military Commandant of this province, in a letter which
we have just received, states what follow 3 :
" Colonel Don Joaquin Urrieztieta, commanding one of the
columns of this province, in pursuit of the banditti, writes from
Übrique, on the 13th of this month, that there exists no fac-
tious, since at that date those who had appeared in the different
towns did not exceed thirty; and that only the leaders now re-
main in their hiding places. Don Pedro Augustino, com-
manding the other column, notifies from Übrique, under date
of the 14th, that factious have presented themselves in several
towns to obtain the amnesty, and that some who were con-
cealed have been brought in by the troops. Thus the bands
of Aguilar and Tinoca may be said no longer to exist, since
they are reduced to sixteen or twenty men. Zaldivar has re-
moved from that neighbourhood, and according to information,
was on the 13th at the hermitage of El Mimbral, near Algar,
with only 14 men."
MALAGA, AUG. 14.
Don Manuel Lancha, commanding a column of our national
militia, has addressed to the Constitutional Ayuntamiento of
this city, a copy of the despatch sent to the General Command-
ant of the province, and dated Übrique, 11th : it contains the
following statements:—
" The rapid marches of the column under my command has
hitherto prevented me from duly informing you of the consider-
able share it has had in annihilating the factious. On arriving
at Ronda, I received the orders of the Commander, and after
resting only one day, the only halt made since we commenced
our march, we proceeded to Benaocaz, where it was said the
factious parties of the curates Aguilar, Tinoca, Rosillo, and
other leaders, had entered. Nevertheless, we learned in the
way the counter-march which they had made upon Villaluenga,
whither we had had reason to suspect they were gone, and where,
in fact, they had gone. They had destroyed the stone of the con-
stitution, though pursued by the column from Cadiz, which
had stopped the factious assembled by Zaldivar at Übrique,
and beat them in a slight skirmish with his Guerrillas. As it
was not then prudent to enter during the night Villaluenga,
which I considered occupied, 1 made a halt with the design of
attacking, the town in the morning. Afterjesuming our march,
we arrived at two in the morning at the place called the Poso
de los Alamos. The alarm was given by the look-out party of
the Ist Regiment of Catalonia, to which no reply was made
but by musketry. The factious fired five or six rounds. I
then reinforced the Catalonians with the Caeadores of the na-
tional militia, who advanced with the cry of " Viva la Consti-
tucion," and opened a fire, which I ordered to be suspended,
when by the enemy's silence I found that we had only fallen in
with some reconnoitering party which had immediately made
off, and which it was impossible to overtake is consequence of
the darkness of the night. The Catalonians, however, brought
to me a cloak and the covering of a horse, which may afford
some idea of the shameful precipitation with which the wretched
banditti had fled. The remainder of the column formed
rapidly, and burned with impatience to attack the factious, and
the Catalonians and the Caeadores advanced with a zeal which
convinced me how much was to be expected from them in a
more serious action. The affair of El Poso de los Alamos did not
appear to me important at the beginning, though it was so from
its results ; for while I thought that we had been engaged with
only a few, I afterwards learned that we had fallen upon the whole
body of the factious, who dispersed on our first fire. Manyof them
immediately returned to their homes, and have not re-assembled.
Expecting, however, to meet with them again at Villaluenga, I
continued my march, and on the following morning they found
time to collect the horses and other spoils which they had aban-
doned in their retreat, as well as the ridiculous white flag, borne
by a priest, to impress with fanatic zeal the minds of the simple
people, and which fell immediately on the appearance of the
least danger. On arriving at Villaluenga we remained there
the whole of that day, after having learnt that the insurgents
had fled in the greatest tenor to Benaojan and Montajaque.
At Villaluenga we re-erected the Lapida (constitutional stone)
with all possible solemnity, and were gratified with a confirma-
tion of our opinion that the towns of the Sierra have not
taken part in the insurrection of the sacrilegious priests, and of
the immoral Aguilar and Tinoco. Not a single individual of
this town has joined them, and the national militia of Benao-
caz united themselves to us with the greatest enthusiasm, and
never left us, contributing essentially to the happy result of
our operations by their knowledge of the country, and by their
zeal in favour of our institutions.

" Early in the morning of the Bth, knowing that the points
of Benaojan and Montejaque were already occupied by our
troops, we proceeded to patrol in various directions the im-
mense and rugged Sierra of Libar, and to pursue the fugitives
to their places of concealment ; but notwithstanding a most
careful and fatiguing search, we obtained no other result than
the discovery of the wife and family of Aguilar and two priests.
We halted that night at Jimera, while we fell in with the co-
lumn of the Campo de Gibraltar; and after planning our ope-
rations, we marched for Algatacin, having learnt that the lead-
ers of the factious were directed towards that point ; and there
we had the good fortune to surprise the drummer of the troop,
a sergeant of the provincial corps of Ronda, who had become
their adjutant, and another individual, who is suspected of be-
ing the murderer of Montalvo, a private of the national militia
of that, city. We finally marched to this town, in spite of the
burning heat and the difficulties which•the country presented,
when a party of the national militia of Malaga were fortunate
enough to surprise two other insurgents almost at the very en-
trance of the town.
" It is difficult to describe the determination, ardour, con-
stancy, and discipline manifested by the whole of these troops
and regiments of national militia—not only in the dangers to
which they have been personally exposed, but during the priva-
tions,' the rapid marches, the excessive heat and 'other sufferings
which we have been compelled to endure. 'To particularize
individuals would be to offend the others who have merited
equal honour.
" Knowing that the leaders who remained in the field had
yesterday taken refuge in the Sierra adjoining this point, I shall
proceed to occupy that of Farajan, in order to accomplish the
total extermination of the disaffected, in which service I shall
continue to aid as much as I possibly can the regiments of
Cadiz, Seville, and El Campo, and the other brave soldiers who
are labouring with so much zeal in maintaining our rights;
that is to say, in case your Excellency should not think fit to
dispose of me otherwise.

" God preserve your Excellency many years, &c. &c.
" MANUEL LANCHA,
" Commandant-General of the province of Malaga."

ST. SEBASTIAN, Au 6. 15.

A party of 50 men, of the Imperial Regiment, coming from
Vergara to protect a convoy of arms from that city, was attacked
on the 12th, near Mondragon by 500 insurgents, formed of the
natives of this Province and of Biscay. The party sustained
the charge for five hours, when it was assisted by a column of
militia and regular troops which proceeded from Vergara.
The insurgents increase in their fanatic atrocities. Not con-
tent with exacting contributions by violence, from those who
are pointed put to them as Liberals; they murder with the
most refined barbarity. In the mountains of Guereino, they

have assassinated 9 soldiers and 4 volunteers of Durango, 11.44.
ing their bodies, and tearing out their eyes and tongues.
SARAGOSSA, At/G. 15. 1100
The Commandant-General of the provinces writes as folio
from Fraga, under the date of yesterday : • ea'
" The Trappist, with more than 1,000 men succeeded
tering the day before yesterday into Barbastro, in spite.h of
fro
glorious and obstinate resistance of our troops. Ile three
direct himself on Huesca. I march after him to make ire
pay dear for this momentary triumph, and as soon as
overtaken bin,, I shall return again to Mequinenza, Ptjo
paragons for attacking which were so far advanced that the
after to-morrow it would have been invested.
(Signed) " GINEZ SANCHEL:,,
The insurgents of Arragon and Catalonia have had a futfoof
quarrel. The Catalonians, thinking themselves possesse2test
more rights than the Arragonese, treat them with the gr"" of
indignities. The Commandant of the factious guerrillas
Fraga has been impaled by his companions in Moquineos3:t,
Other Arragonese in Leros have suffered a similar punislungie
and a great part of them have separated from the faction. 44,
Catalonians have likewise quarrelled among themselves to °rig
a degree, that in the town of Gronja they fought and asse
were killed.

PRICE 0.
THIS DAY AT
