CERTIFICATES,
_F£ll. 21

J. Harris, Addle-hill, livery-stable-keeper-4. Chambers,
Gracechurch-street, tobacconist—N. Goldstein, High-street,
Shadwell, wholesale slop-seller—J.. Hibbert, Hylord's-court,
Crutchedfriers, wine-merchant—J. Hooper, Mitre-court, Fleet-
stveet, stationer--U. Laing, Dunster.court, Mincing-lane,
merchant—R. Dickenson, ilexham, Northumberland, stationer
—J. Claney, York, tailor—T. H. Payne, Fenchurch-buildings,
Fenchurch-street, merchant —H. Horn, Cherry-garden.street„
Rotherhithe, merchant —W. Truslove, Dunchurch, Warwick-
shire, farmer-_D. Darby, Olive-hill, Shropshire, miller—R.
Grace, Fenchurch-street, hat-manufacturer—D. P. Bird, Bris-
tol, grocer—J. Appleyard, Catherine-street, Strand, bookseller
—J. Ella. Lower Thames-street, wine-merchant—L. Joyce,
Keyford, Soruersetsnire, innholder.
, PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
W. and W. Gould, Gracechurch-street, looking-glass-manu-
facturers—J., J., R., and R. Wrigley, Netherton, Yorkshire,
woollen-manufacturers—W. Botten and J. W. Bullock, Lon-
don, stockbrokers—J. K. and J. K. Picard and J. Ayre, Kirts-
ston-upon-Hull, white lead manufacturers—J. M`Kensie & J.
Armstrong, Lower King-street, Commercial-road, tea-dealers
—G. Harle, P. Fewster, J. White, B. Heward, J. Butrell,
C. Sharp, A. Logan, G. Andrews, T. Rutherford, R. Hut-
chinson, and F. Humble' Durham, printers—W. Wareing &
H. Sharpies, Ormskirk, Lancashire, attornies—\V. Wike, T.
Ha wcroft, & W.. Green, Worebrough, Yorkshire, linen-mann-
facturers—J: Petries & W. M‘Gregor, Lower Fore-street, Lam-
beth, brewers—J. & E. T. Rotten, Sackville-street, Picc dilly,
cutlers—N. Cove, G. B. Taylor, and L. H. Cove, Villiers-street,
Strand, coal-rnerchants.—C. Gregory & W. Lawrence, Belvedere.
place, Southwark, upholsterers—T. Wellis and E. Kent,
High-street, Borough, wine-mechant—J. G. Kingand A. Gra.
cie, Jun . Li verpool,commission -merchants. M.ll ayland an and
C. Bill, Gutterlane, Cheapside, riband-manufactures, so far as
regards J. Bill—J. Craven and T. and J. Brigg, Walk-mill
and Calversy ite-hill, Yorkshire, worsted-spiners—R. and C.
Vaughan, A.. G. H. Bartterby, W. H. Harford, and J. B.
Bad ham, Bristol, Spanish wool-merchants, so far as tepid* A.
G. H. klattersby and W. H. Ilarford—J. M•Kellar and
C. Cheshire, Little Bell-alley, Coleman-street, 'merchants—
W. and C. Yeates, Charlotte-place, Larnbftli-marsh, cheese,
mongers—T. Jones and R. Wells, Warrington, tailors—J. and
C. Jardine, Halifax, grocers—T. and D. S. Cafe, ''ignore:
street, china-dealers—T. Eccles and J. Moss, Manchester,
carvers—O. • and W. Parmeter, Gosport and •Fareham,. ship-
wrights—J. J: Rainey and J, 'nil, Bath, carpenters—l: Hol-
0, Highfield, attd R. Dickificon, Liverpool, si4iLdrunkets.

No sooner did it become publicly known
that a meeting was to be held in this town for the purpose
of considering the propriety of supporting his Majesty's
Government in the execution of the cautious, moderate,
and gradual measures proposed and adopted by the House of
Commons respecting the condition of the Slave Population of
his Majesty's colonies, than a considerable bustle in the town and
neighbourhood was the consequence ; and it was very soon
understood that a warm opposition would be raked to the pass-
ing of any resolutions which should have the effect of strength-
ening the Government in the policy which they adopt for the
melioration of the slave population in the West Indies. This
produced increased activity on the part of the requisitionists,
and a handbill was quickly put into circulation, containing a
summary of the statements in a pamphlet by the Right Hon.
Sir G. H. Rose; (who is himself a proprietor of slaves,) on
the want of moral and religious instruction among the slaves,
and on the absence of the institution of marriage. From
this bill it appears that the number of slaves in the British
West Indian settlements is about 730,000 ; of which only
about 100,000 have, or are likely to receive religious in-
struction. " The unconverted 630,000," says Sir G. Rose,
" are plunged into the most stupid ignorance, in various spe-
cies of gross idolatry, and in brutal and scandalous vices, of
which, even Western Africa never afforded to her sons the
means, nor suggested to them the idea ; and which they had
never known, had they not been the bondmen of Christians V*
After showing the almost total absence of the institution of
marriage among the slaves, Sir 0. Rose says, " that more
than a century and a half of the rule of a Christian Pro-
testant people has, under the broad light of day, produced
a fearful mass of polygamy, concubinage, and promiscuous
intercourse of the sexes, and their inevitable and vroful con-
sequences. If we would any other proof than that which
revelation and the experience of ages afford us, that the
law of wedlock is written indelibly in our hearts and in our
nature, we should at once derive it from this strange and
appalling fact, that, in the West Indies, a healthy popula-
tion, well-clothed, well-fed, and in general not overworked,
is on the decrease;- while the slaves who inhabit the low,
woody, swampy shores of the coast of Virginia, multiply in
as rapid a progression, as the law of our species will admit.
The triennial return made in 1820, under the Slave Registry
Act, compared with that of 1817, proves a decided di-
minution of population on the whole. There is, perhaps, no
other example in the world of large bodies of men and
women existing together, during long perods of time, al.
most entirely without marriage. The evil originated in
the Christian ! not in the Pagan. We know that in Africa,
whatever be the state of polygamy, adultery is punished :
the Negro therefore carried to the West Indies the know-
ledge of the institution of marriage, respect for its holiness,
and
rtt ath, the fear of pointing it." This bill was succeeded by
another, begging the friends of the proposed petition for the
b
the slaves, to be tatty. in their attendance at the Audit
House, to meet the expected opposition. By twelve o'clock
on Tuesday morning, the room was nearly full of the most re-
of Southampton and its neighbourhood.
ne, M.P. arrived soon after twelve. There
re-
spectable C
aecsataislbholaelimirnbr
present,
the Rev. Hugh Hill, D.D., the Rev.T.Mears,
the Rev. R. Heath, the Rev. Mr. Gray, he Rev. S. Sutton,
the Rev. T. Adkins, Rev. Mr. Kellsw, Rev. J. Shapcott, Rev.
Mr. Seeley, Rev. J. Street, Admiral Scott, Major Dudley,
Lieut.-General Hodson, Captain Styles, R.N., F. L. Beckford,
Esq., A. R. Dottin, Esq., Dr. Lindoe, Dr. Shadwell, Dr.
Hackett, G. Atherley, Esq., &c.
About half-past twelve o'clock, R. ELDRIDGE, Esq., the
Mayor, was called to the Chair, after which the requisition was
read by Mr. Ridding, the town clerk.
Mr. CHAMBERLAYNE then, in a tone of voice which pre-
vented our hearing him, made a few observations. When we
could catch the sown: of his voice, he was stating, that in the
last session of Parliament, Resolutions were proposed to the
house of Commons by Mr. Buxton, the first of which stated,
that the state of slavery is repugnant to the principles of the
British Constitution, and of the Christian religion, and that it
ought to be gradually abolished throughout the British colonies.
with as much expedition as may be found consistent with
a due regard to the well-being of the parties concerned. The
other resolutions then went to pledge the House to sonic
early measures. In the house, however, there appeared to be
a general feeling that the question should not then be pressed,
and that it would be sufficient to confine itself to a elechira-
tion to take the state of the slaves, into consideration without
pledging themselves to any specific measure. It was under
these circumstances that Mr. Canning proposed his resolu-
tions. These resolutions he would propose to the present
meeting : they would have the effect of strengthening the hands
of government, and keep them up to the pledge which they
hail given. [The uproar which was sere raised, rendered it
difficult to catch the wishes of the many speakers. There was
a general cry of question,' and we understood some gentlemen
to object to the right of moving any resolutions ; Mr. Chem-
berlayne contended that he had the right, and on the reso-
lutions would be founded a petition. In the midst of this
confusion, J, Tucker, Esq., said that a letter which he had in
his possession would throw much light on the subject, and, he
thought, prevent any further argument : he begged that it
might be read. This was not acceded to.] Order being in some
measure restored,
Mr. CIi&IIIIERLAYNE said, the resolutions which he meant
to propose were so moderate, so just, that he did not think any
opposition would be made to the passing of them. These re-
solutions had been proposed by Mr. Canning, and adopted
unanimously by the House of Commons.—(No, no.)—l say,
unanimously, for no hind was held up against them ; no one
objected to them. They ntet with the approbation of all par-
ties.—(Great confusion)—These resolutions, however, had been
opposed by the island assemblies—these bodies had set them-
selves in array against the giving them any effect.' Their con-
duct had bordered on high treason.— ( Great uproar.)—Under
such circumstances; it was the duty of the people of England
to come forward and sanction
_them by their voices. They
ought to support and thank Government for taking the state of
the slaves into consideration. Lord Bathurst states that Go-
vernmeut are determined to act up to the pledge which they
have given, and he (Mr. C.) . entertained that opinion of his
Majesty's Ministers, that they were sincere in • their conduct,
and that they would do their duty. They ought, however, to
be warmly supported by the people. Government was en-
titled to the best thanks of 'the country, that they did not suffer
themselves to be intimidated by the menaces of the interested,
and the enemies to the melioration of the condition of the slaves.
Mr. Chamberlayne then moved the following Resolutions !and
Petition ; but as the right of moving any resolutions was de-
nied, the petition only was read. _

. .
Itesolved,—That the following resolutions having been im-
posed by the Right Hon. G. Canning to the House of Commons,
in the last Session of Parliamenf,''and having been unanimously
adopted, namely,,--
1. That it is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive mea-
sures fur ameliorating the condition of the Slave Population in
his 31 aj es t y Colonies;
2. That through a determined and persevering,. but judicious
and temperate enforcement of such measures, this house leaks
forward to a progressive improvement in the character of the
Slave Population, such as may prepare them for a participation
in those civil rights and privileges which are enjoyed by other
classes of his Majesty's subjects ; .
• 3:. That this house is anxious for the accomplishment of this
pUrpose, at the earliestperiod.that may he compatible with the
well-being of the• Slaves, the, safety of tht colonies, and with a
fair anti equitable consideration of the' interests of all parties
concerned thetairkt • '
It appear4•ll* tAis riveting to be expedient to support his Ma-

RESOLVED,—That the following petition to the House of
Commons be adopted as the petition of this meeting. •
We, the undersigned inhabitants of Southampton, having that your Honourable House, in t' e 'ast Session of
Parliament, did adopt the following resolutions,—.=
1. That it is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive mea-
sures for ameliorating the condition of the Slave popu-
lation in his Majesty's Colonies,— •
2. That through a determined and persevering, but judi,
cious and temperate enforcement of such measures, tins
house looks forward to a progressive improvement in
the character of the Slave Population, such as may pre-
pare them for a par.Lipation in those civil rights and
privileges which are enjoyed by other classes of his Ma-
jesty's subjects,_
do humbly thank your Honourable House far the same, and do
anxiously pray your Honourable House to acc.mtplish this pur-
pose at the earliest period that may be compatible with the wail-
being of the Slaves, the safety of the Colonies, and with !s, fair
and equitable consideration of the interests of all parties. con-
cerned therein.

Mr. Buaaan seconded the resolutions. He would not de-
tain the meeting. There were two grounds, on which he was
bound in conscience to support these resolutions. On. these
points he had authority to which no objection could be made ;
that of a gentleman who is himself a planter, ard who had.
stated them to the public; both in his place in Parliament, and
in a pamphlet since published. The first of these grounds was
the fact, that among 639,00 of the slaves, there was no Chris-
tian instruction of any sort.--(Loud hisses.)—He was perfectly
ready to stand any quantity of hissir.g that might be directed
against his attachment to the Christian religion. The second
of these grounds was the fact, that among these same slaves the
institution of marriage was unknown. Since he came into that
room, he had heard the word nonsense applied to the very men-
tion of marriage among the slaves. He hoped no one was pre-
pared deliberately to apply that term to an institution which
was net less sanctioned by revealed religion, than by the con-
sent of all civilized nations, and by the voice of nature in.the
invariable proportion of the sexes.
F. L. BECKFORD, Esq. said the question was whether we
should leave the state of the slaves in the hands of Govern-
ment, or by a blind and misguided zeal hasten their emanci-
pation before they are fit for freedom, and thereby. lose the
grhandnttinhgeyeinusaednciptoatisohnowto
tthheatsiaanveYs_godppwlsouu(sloedraehratte
Colonies. He did not mean to impute any improper motives
to those persons who had signed the requisition for the present
meeting, but their conduct was highly injudiCious. It was
most extraordinary, too, that this requisition was 'priniipally
signed by those who were ever found to be in apposition to
his Majesty's Government; and that they should. now-come
forward with their gratuitous, uncalled fur, and unsolicited
support, excited his utmost astonishment. Not one argtiment
-..
os
st i
se
efs r..)
)o
He was not now prepared to enter -into the abstract-question
but he declared to Ged that no man more detested- alavery
than he did. Respecting the condition of the slaves,. however,
as a magistrate of a very extensive district in • this county he
declared before God—that they were better fed, clothed, and
less worked, than the English peasantry.—
Their state altogether was tar better than that of the poor in
this country.—(Hear, hear, hear ! and groans.)— Much had been
said about the cruelty which was exercised among the slaves ;
but a gentleman of the strictest honour—a Lieutenant-General
in his Majesty's service, and who had been for eight years,
Governor of two West India Islands—had assured him that
he never knew but two instances of cruelty, and those (much
to his praise) he had punished.—[ Gen. Hodson, the gentleman
referred to, said that this was a fact.]—lf the measure of amen-
cipation were carried, it would be at the expence of the colo-
nies, and every man who held property in them would be to-
tally ruined. In conclusion, Il7r. Beckford deprecated any fur-
ther agitation of this delicate question, aid thought 'that it
would .be much, better left- entirely in the hands of the Le-
gislature and Government. Ile theb tititftie4" ale. following
Resolution : •
Resolved,_That this meeting, trusting to the wisdom of ou:
Legislature, and having before bur eyes the recent insurrection
at Demerara, and the present disturbed state of our -West
India Colonies, considers the further discussion of the delicate
question of Negro improvement and emancipation as prema-
ture, unwise, dangerous, and impolitic.
Tine Rev. T. ADKINS addressed the meeting amidst much
confusion and uproar. He condemned slavery in very' strong
terms, and said he opposed it as a man, as a Briton, and as a
Christian minister. I'he -Rev. Gentleman was about to make
some observations on :a pamphlet by a P.O.- Mr. Bridges,
rector of the parish of Manchester in Jamaica,- which had
been put into his hands by Mr. Beckford, as a full answer to
all that had been said against the state of slavery in the West
Indies, but he was prevented by the deafiniag shouts which
were' set up by those-who had all along Manifested a strong
dislike to all discussion. Mr. Adkins said he would prove
from the pamphlet itself, that it was full of mis-statements and
falsehood ; but he could taut obtain a hearing ; some crying
'" question," and others calling out " bear him," " let every one
have a fair hearing." From the circumstance of the Gentle-
man whose evidence was impugned = being a clergyman of the
Church of England, Mr. Shapcott inferred that this was a de-
signed attack upon the Reverend Body of which Mr. Bridges
was a member, and made an observation to that effect. This
design, however, Mr. Adkins totally disclaimed, and endea-
voured to proceed.
•.
Mr. TUCKER again urged that his letter should be read.—
He was sure it would save much discussion. When
The Rev. Mr. Anazxs could again be heard he said ha saw
that there was no disposition to discuss the question,' and in
the absence of all those courtesies which as gentlemen 'and as
neighbours they ought to exercise towards each other,- he:had
no wish to press himself on their attention ; he had. Other
means to make his sentiments known to the public.
Mr. CHAMBERLAYNE at some length repelled the impute.
dons which had been cast on his motives, and declared that he
had ever acted independently, and would continue to do-so. It
was true he was generally opposed to the measures of govern-
ment, but he had on many trying occasions given them: his
best support, and which they should always have: when he
could give it conscientiously. Some ()Utile opposite party had
done him the 'honour to call nim an enthusiast; some a rankle ;
and some had even completed the climax, by callrag him a
dupe of fanatics and a saint. These accusations had led him Co
examine a • little into himself, and the consequences' of the
examination had been, that- Ile had convineed•himself that he
had less-enthusiasm in his composition than he.h.scl eve r sus-
pected before. [We very much regret that we are unable to
give a better 'report of Mr. Chaniberlayne's reply,' Which,
was in his best vein of irony and sarcasm, arid 'which, also
contained some beautiful observations on he .general ques-
tion : the confusion and uproar which prevailed must be our
excuse.]
Mr. liEctronn explained, and said that he had used his
best exertions to insure the return of Mr. Chamberlaynes and he
would do so again; for he belieVed hini*to- be, without excep-
tion the most independent man ever returned to Parliament.
lie had never but once' asked -a favour of Mr. Charnberloyne,
and then he refused him. Was not this a proof of his:inde-
pendence ? and he had now sighed a requisition for this Meet,.
ing, which if it should sanction 'the proposed petition would KO
farto ruin him and his family. lie again urged the-Meeting
to reject the petition, and pass his, resolution.
The Mayor now put the question on the amendment, each
party taking opposite sides- of the room: The Mayor 'declared
that the amendment was carried ; upon which a shotiting;twav-
ing of hats, and groaning, took place. The Mayor was reerest-
ed to have the numbers counted, as the diVision appeared to be
very equal, but this he declined, stating -that he was certain the
majority was for Mr. Beckford. Mr. Beckford now mounted
the table, and as Klan as silence was obtained returned his, side
of the room, his warm thanks. •
The Mayor having left the chair, it was
Itesolved,—'rhat the thanks of this meeting be given to
Right Worshipful the Mayer, for his able and impartial 4.41 n -
duet in the than.; and that he be requested to sign the above
Resolution. •
The conquering party quickly left the room, and Mr. Bul-
ler proposed that the friends'of the negrots shinild give their
thanks to Mr. Chemberlayne 'for ,hissgreat exertions ete this
occasion. .He stated that Mr. C. was labouring undo'. aft al-
fection of the lungs; and had, come out to-day ;o phe,iiinert;
of his life. IThe motion' was earned with acclamation,
Chambetlayne returned thanks, stating thataneat to the ripen_bation of his own conscience, the approbatiois of his tonnitibisesta
was his greatest reward..-:(,y ScassAanspten Cgs my Cheer*
Jon.-34.) - • • •
