COURTS OF LOCAL JURISDICTION.

The LORD CHANCELLOR, in answer to a question
from the Earl of MA LMESBURY, said that he had from
the beginning, though it appeared it was not known, ex•
'messed his determination to propose a clause in order to
modify the 13th clause of the Local Courts Act, against
which so mmy petitions hail been presented, so far as was
consistent with the principle of the Bill, and to give to
the present Courts of Requests and other such courts
more protection than they asked for, and a more extensive
jurisdiction.

The Earl of hIALMESBURY presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Carmarthen, praying that their court of
requests might be exempted from the operation of the in-
tended

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a similar
petition from a township in the county of Wilts.
The Marquis of BUTE presented a petition from Mr.
Robert Vigors, of the island of Jamaica, against the Mi-
nisterial plan for the abolition of slavery.
The Bishop of DURHAM presented a petition against
the Irish Church Bill, from the Archdeaconry and Clergy
of Durham.

The Earl of SUFFOLK asked how it was that the
church property had become Protestant, if it was inalien-
able, as stated in the petition.

The Bishop of EXEIER said that the observation of
the Noble Earl extorted from him the remark that the
Church was the same as ever, except that it had become
more pure since Protestantism had been established.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from
110 master newsvenders, and their servants, of the City of
London, against Sunday newspapers.
Lord SEAGRAVE and the Bishop of WELLS presented
petitions against the Beer Act.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented petitions from
Halifax, praying for the abolition of the house and window
taxes; from a place in Yorkshire, for a plan of general
education; from Frome, praying for the better regulation
of the law for the recovery of small debts ; and from
other places against municipal corporations.
The Savings' Banks Annuities Bill was read a second
time, after which the House adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAT 31.

The House resumed at five o'clock.

A mes-age from the Lardy communicated that their
Lordships bad agreed to, and passed, several private Bills.
Mr. HUME postponed his motion relative to the build-
ing of a new House, till the 22d of June. He also pre-
sented a report from the Committee appointed to classify
petitions.
Mr. GOULBURN presented a petition from the Uni-
versity of Cambridge, against the Irish Church Tempo-
ralities Bill.
Sir R. VYVYAN moved for certain returns relative
to slavery, and the communications that had passed be-
tween the deputations appointed by the several colonies
and his Majesty's Governwent.—Ordered.
Colonel EVANS moved for certain returns connected
with the Court of Requests in Westminster.
Lord ALTHORP was then called upon, when
Mr. HUME said, before entering upon the order of the
day, be wished to ask him a question. He understood
that the Captain of the Band of Gentlemen Pen-
sioners had lately died. He had also a list of
ten individuals holding such situations that had died
within the last two years, to whom successors had been
appointed. He knew that the Noble Lord and the Go-
vernment were anxious to put an end to such places as
were totally useless; therefore he hoped that as there was now
an opportunity, they would put their principles in practic..
What he wished to know was, whether any order or orders
had been made, or were to be made, to put an end to such
places. If he was answered in the negative he shook; feel
it his duty to bring the subject under the consideration of
the House.

Lord ALTHORP said the payment of the band alluded
to was paid out of the civil list. He was not then pre-
pared to give a definite answer, but would be prepared to
do so soon.
