COI3LER

~...10YAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
ot_.IXENTH WEEK, and CONTINUED BRILLIANT
SUCCESS of BEETHOVEN'S BATTLE SINFONIA,
With its novel and effective Introductions ! !
GRAND PROMENADES MUSICALES ET
CHAMPETRES,
By Godfrey's unrivalled Band.
Progravie of the Concert for August 3d, 4th, and 6th.
FIRST PART.
„ Overtures—Egmont (first time), and the Dragon Fight.
Petersburgh (first time.) Fantasia from Obe-
I.". Waltz—Die Berggeister (first public performance), Me-
lege Des Dances, Pas des Nations (from Le Corsair) intro.
lacing the Tyrolienne, Bolero Quadrille, and Tarantella. Pas
Redouble (MS.) ,
SECOND PART.
GRAND BATTLE SINFONIA,
Peethoven, with new effects and an augmented Rand.
Cavatina e Coro, Casta Diva, from Norma (first time this sea-
-3")• Musard's New Quadrille—La Chasse (first time in Eng-
land)., Overture—Guillauma Tell. Gallop—Benyowsky.
pn
• e vast Panorama al Fresco of Iceland and its Volcanoes, by
Danson—Breaking up of the Ice.-=Melting of the Snows—
Release and Departure of the Discovery Ship.
Carter's astonishing " Koniaphostic," or "Lime Light.
Eruption of Mount Hecla, &c.
On Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday next.
ADMISSION ONE SHILLING.
_Feeding Hour of the Carnivora, Five o'Clock.
Concert commences at Six.

. .
HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning 50 minutes after 8. 1 Evening 24 minutes after P.

'ihe Publication of the Evening Edition of THE SUN com-

menced at 10 minutes after Three.

"srer.
,•• - '
•

Zfn .111.1.

Corporations, then, are badges of Ireland's
slavery—the fetters by which the limbs of a con-
quered people were retained in bondage ! Every
corporation was a fortress erected in a hostile
country to overawe, coerce, insult, and enslave the
___......____ 1 unhappy natives
.Ic ‘o.Vi.,iltiihElvLhataiaidtrathnespocrtatohfodlieelst.o;
ane Commerce Navigation Bill, the Roscommon I will DANIEL_.
Townßill Lands Bill, and the Marriage Act Amendment Ireland s.eizelupoHnotwhisthfierleiberaarntdofdelfiibneirtaiol,npoaftrliroitsihe
"vvere read a third time last night by the Lords, and corporations
laassed„ ~.,
L__n
Societiestne Canada Clergy Reserves Bill, and the
oa Bill • f the old crew of corporators, as it dwells
Ireland, will dilate with indignant scorn—with de-
rev
a. were reported, and ordered to be testation o
third time this day.
v:iey,e,al Bills, including the New South Wales and upon this paragragh of the episcopal protest I Many
and grievous were the previous complaints against
gill,
.-u,liellien's Land Bill, the Slave Trade Treaties
Irish corporations, but it was reserved for the Lord
Companies Bill
of Ireland Bill, the Joint Stock Banking
„,. ,
of r.,
eib: ,P les Bill, and several others, for the titles of thsnop r,RETER—the DI HALE of the Anglican
an(jewe
l:,:e refer to our report, went through Committee, Church—to describe them as the bulwark
oiose
ofre ordered to be reported this day. At the bondage, and the corner-stone of an alien_ creed im-
dis,,o_ a Session their Lordships are as expeditious in posed by tyranny upon conscience. Proceed we
a,J!_mg of Bills in arrear as old Lord ELDON was in to the next article :
inag Partridges at 80. They enumerate their even- 111. Because, if it be true that the continuance of bo-
score, 10hours of Bills dispatched by the dozen or the dies in •exclusively Protestant be no longer
practice f
peculiar fa.
con-
sistent with the policy which seeks to deal with all distinc-
pell:erdd MORPETH, on the part of the Commons, ap- tions of religious faith as equally unworthy of peculiar
onlend at the Bar, and requested a conference on the your in the political institutions of the empire, common
on tl, inents of the Commons upon those of the Lords sense and ccmmon justice alike point out tbecoonsey properdes
a,„__"? Irish Corporation Bill. The conference was course to be pursued—the simple abolition of h
takengreed, to, the amendments ordered to be printed, and
m into consideration this day. when the cause for which they were created is supposed
to have ceased.
-,ar. BERN
tile Ho AL, accompanied by other Members of So, then, the first reason happens to be
Gilles Bill,
of Commons, brought up the Highway for here the candid Bishop discovers that taheficltiroisnh;
i the Birmingham Administration of Justice Corporation Bill is not a " sweeping measure o
'Courts ill Ecclesiastical Courts Bill, the Admiralty destruction," and affects surprise that it is
the Stock in Trade Rating Bill, and the not one. But in appealing to the dictates of
Bill. with amendments, to which their Lordships
413ge reed, on common sense and common justice, the Reverend
theLojed. the motion of the E lof S
_ar. -HAFTESBURY.
MELBOURNE then brought up the Report of Prelate unfortunately overlooks both. Common
° iect. Committee on the Ecclesiastical Duties and sense does not dictate that the. power abused by a
Revenuesen-
taken Bill, which was ordered to be printed and handful of bigoted sectaries, should not be en-
-1347,nn into consideration this day. Their Lordships trusted to the whole community without religious
ven",'
t!tnothing more to do, and the House being incon- distinction, but the very reverse. The power which
itgi ly hot for an assembly which represents only
", and can, therefore, afford to " bide its time," ad- the few abuse for their own profit, or to gratify
:I"irune.d. at Seven o'clock till this day. their bad passions, common sense ought to tell
Pour o'Cllloockit.pETH
the Commons, the SPEAKER took the Chair at Bishop, would be judiciously, impartially,
evenald beneficiallyexercised by the many. A nation
n_Lord. is not to be deprived of its liberties, because it is
brought up the Report of the Select
rirnunttee on the Lords' amendments to the Irish found requisite to dismantle what the Bishop had
°0 poration Bill, and it was ordered that his Lordship himself as described the " fortresses of foreignßdo.-
I:
_old desire a conference with the Lords. The result minion and religious intolerance. \'‘ hen the Bri-
gs
above. fish Legislature disfranchised Old Sarutn, no Bishop
eq_.
..._ ve.
1e,,i.0r. WAKLEY presented several petitions, for the cb-
" t which we refer to our repent had the hardihood to appeal to common sense
against extending the elective franchise to Man-
waCla :pthoe. motion of Lord Jonie. RUSSELL a Committee
inted to examine the Lords' Journals and re-
sPo,_rte,4
at their Lordships had done with respect to the c:n.cster and the Metropolitan boroughs. Again—
IV. Because the adoption of a measure, which is ad-
Lo_k-in-Trade Bill itted by all to insure the establishment of bodies of Ro-
Kir. T. DUNCOMBE, among other petitions, presented man Catholics equally exclusive as those which they are
one for the made to supersede, is not only contrary to common sense
rate release of Jour; THOROGOOD, the Church- and common justice, but also to the spirit of most so-
rate
martyr,the There was no Sir H. Nous present to lemn promises and engagements repeatedly made by those
re-
Church, , prayer of the petition for the sake of Mother who advised, and ultimately carried, the Act ler Jibe re-
-4,,,ury,,h0 who is in this instance a loser by persecution, lief of her Majesty's Roman Catholic subjects in
.1829.
~I"_' 11_ ought to anathematise the booby Churchwar- The leaders in that great and perilous experiment
'cl,iiilt of Chelmsford. pledged themselves to propose to Parliament the re-
painted PARKER ;PARKER, as Reporter of the Committee aP-cnt of the statutes which were then repealed, or
examine the Lord,' Journals about the theer.aetm adoption of still more stringent restraints, if the par-
4--u,slieign..of Stock-in-Trade Bill, appeared at the Bar ties: a were freed from the restrictions before imposed,
should prove (as they notoriously have proved) them-
re7d t informed the House that the Bill bad been selves unworthy of the confidence then reposed in them,
read ItWIF! by their Lordships, and ordered to be :1,101 should renew their attempts against the Protestant
Of the
Ititurd time in six months. When the merriment Church in IrelAnd. If any unhappy concurrence of eir-
posednt
,n,reat,ei
perfidious g
teatio ouse, on receiving this important piece of info:- cumstances has prevented the literal redemption of that
subsided, Lord J. RUSSELL stated that he pro- pledge, yet the least and lowest obligation, whichh it can
to bring in another Bill to the same effect, which just 1 y be understoodirn resistance to
new a s;
propositiont e d utyoffoar
hopedl:v. would pass this session. After a few words in resolutesn ander
power. of so bitter, so unrelenting, and so
lert; vioasf
given
nmteoabsurirneg fromin t h teh
Be
ill.. ATTORNEY-GENERAL
-rOX MAULE stated an em .my.
country will hardly believe, even on the
.r., In answer to question from Mr. AGLIONBY, Mr.
of the
the G Committee on the hand-loom w avers,
overntnent would dee:de ono no cni before
rs:ed that
worthyCatholtes of Ireland have shown themselves un-
of the liberties conceded to them by the
seeing it.
On Lord J. RussELL moving the third rea ling of the afforded
Emancipation Bill. On the contrary, they have
a tailsce
oofn
wt..lii:
Ecclesiastical' the nation an example of loyalty, of peace-
an animated debate took able, and of orderly conduct, under the most trying
oiceaswelerortsfefJßo'ni's; THCROGoOD ; for the de- • tances)
13-- JOHN Ryes rs
Etil ouri‘i
r. opt.
err.p
a N
,:r.Ol .
ve si\pierakei,rs those
Were Lord conscientious grounds advocated their
.10',It.'s'NeEcyll.GBEE,NENRIr;LEASTii0Pe, Dr. Nie. t'ioe-e, the.,A,T.- c:rcums
, and Lerd G. SomeeseT. .I. he right to a full share in all the civil. privileges of
British subjects. As to the, promises made by some
Joul was finally passed.
After some other Bills were disposed of., who on cob .. '
i Parliementary leaders in 1829, they are to be classed
taoteeY b
~_,:, es contained in the petition of Mr. Fl\eire.eio‘t,G:s '
allegatio nought forward his motion to inquire into the kiss the P •
Rev. Prelate when ready to remier s feet
with the stole episcopart pronounced by the Right
"‘-; NNOR, and also what had been the . re as insincere as the Bishop
Prisoners in the treat inint of „,h, made them we
who recommended him the vacant mitre. Those
goals of York, Wakefield, Northaller- •
_ onourable Gentleman supported his mo-
-11,1 nil Beverley confined for pOlitieal 0ff,,,,,e5. lin affecting unwillingness to grasp the pastoral
lion
%,,YiliM_,_, DuNcomee. After an interesting debate, in
.b_
..rb.y
_an able speech, and it was seconded sensible that such prom',
i crozier; but, whether or.sneos,ctohueldßilalloitopnoiswpebrefeefutliv.
It is new impossible to
,„_:',ll _ besides the Hon. Mover and Seconder or t, firellie!lbtyheanlyF.mtc'eipriamitiOnt.Act ; and it. behoves
.the
"ivuon, Lord J. PosiELL, Mr. WAKLEY, and Mr. Fox Bil -h
)p of EXETER, and those who with him think

LONDON:
THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1840.

ILat Pi%),, aar..tsw tc.7.nr- 1,01-md without
State bolstering, to rt,flect vil-ether an,,tbing is to
be gained by foul-mouthed abuse of the religion of
nine-tenths of the people of Ireland. We now pro-
ceed to the next reason : _ .

V. Because, although it was declared by high authority,
on the second reading of the Bill, that it would be unworthy
of finally passing into a law unless such amendments were
introduced as should give security against the establishment
of other bodies equally exclusive with those which arc abo-
lished, yet the amendments actually made not only give
no such security, but do not even attempt nor profess to
give it, their only object being to mitigate the ackr.ow-
ledged mischiefs of the measure, and in same trifling de-
gree to limit the power with which it arms the Popish de-
mocracy of the cities and towns in Ireland to tyrannise
over the Protestant and more opulent classes of inhabi-
tants, and to extort from them funds for the more speedy
and effectual execution of their own unhallowed designs.
The Right Rev. Prelate had expected, it ap-
pears, that the Legislature would have neutralized
its own work, and humbugged the people
of Ireland, by substituting one class of cor-
ruptionists for another. He is therefore angry
at finding that the good has not been counter-
balanced by some fresh evil. The Jesuits were
never cleverer at a political juggle than the Protes-
tant Lord Bishop of EXETER. " Did you not
promise to humbug the Papists," indignantly asks
the Right Rev. Prelate, " by the organization of an
anti-Papist fraternity quite as exclusive as the old
corporations ? And are you not ashamed not to
have fulfilled such a promise ?" Bravo, HENRY
EXETER by the grace of GOD ! You, at least, are
a true son of old Mother Church I Well, now for
another reason :

VI. Because there is strong reason to believe that the
final passing of the measure was the result rather of con-
siderations of party convenience, than of any large and
liberal views of national policy— none of those who
had it in their power to decide on the ultimate
fate of the Bill venturing to pronounce it a mea-
sure either just or safe in itself, or worthy of favour
on any other account than that it put an end to
a question which could no longer remain unsettled, with-
out dividing public men, who, from the purest motives,
wish to continue to act together. Thus were the grayest
interests of the country forgotten in personal considera-
tions—the end was sacrificed to the means; and the only
plea which can justify the combination of statesmen, the
more effectual assertion and maintenance of a great com-
mon principle, was here openly abandoned.
So the only pretence made for passing the Bill
by the Government was the impossibility of leaving
the question unsettled, consistently with a due re-
gard to the peace of the country ? Well, we must
confess that we require no stronger reason ; and
that we think any Government daring to oppose a
measure so recommended, deserving of quarters in
Bedlam. It was enough that Ireland unanimously
demanded the Bill, to justify any Government in
passinu it. Would the Bishop of EXETER, a priest
and ac'Christian, prefer spilling the blood of the
Irish people, to the permitting them to exercise a
particular form of corporate government, similar to
that established for centuries in Great Britain ?
And if he would not, what more commendable
than the conduct of the Ministry ? But let us hear
the Bishop :
VII. Because the House of Lords having, since the
passing of the Act for the Reform of the Commons House
of Parliament, been practically deprived of what was wont to
iv deemed its constitutional share of control over the exectt•
tive power of the Crown, was yet enabled, till the present
disastrous Session, to retain, and to assert, its legislative in-
dependence ; and, by the wise and efficient exercise of its
just privilege, or rather of its highest duty, in the correction
or rejection of bad Bills, had continued to earn and to
enjoy the grateful veneration of the English people. That
lofty position it has, in this instance, voluntarily surren-
dered; and has thus, by its own act, gone far towards
realising the prophetic declaration of Sir William Black-
stone, that the Constitution of England would be destroyed,
and could only be destroyed, by one of the three branches
of the Legislature losing its constitutional weight, and sub-
mitting to the domination of the other two.
So, then, the poor Irish were to be left with-
out a Corporation Bill, to maintain the dignity of
the House of Peers I Verily the Bishop beats
the quondam Premier in regard for the privileges of
his " order." But we would not deprive the Peers
of any solace they may derive from this specimen of
ecclesiastical flummery. We have now arrived at
the last reason :

VIII. Lastly, and above all, because by this wilful 4nd
deliberate abandonment of the cause of true religion, and
of the security of the Church in Ireland, to which the fun-
damental laws of the Constitution, the act of Union, the
oath of our Sovereign, and all the most sacred duties of
subjects to their ruler, and of men to their Maker, alike
bind us, we have provoked the justice of Almighty God,
and have given too much reason to apprehend the visitation
of Divine vengeance for thin presumptuous act of national
disobedience.

Our rulers are in a pretty pickle. Here we have
the QUEEN, the Government, Parliament, and we
know not who all besides, plunged head over ears
in the guilt of perjury ; and all just objects of the
Divine vengeance 1 This is truly lamentable ; and
we expect to hear that the Bishop of EXETER has
put on sackcloth and ashes, has sold his carriage,
has got rid of his palace and all his worldly posses-
sions, to expiate in his own person the sins of a
blind and stiff-necked generation.

What a miserable figure Dr. LusHINGToN has
made in the matter of the Ecclesiastical Courts

13111 I This Learned Civilian pretends to say that

he had no other course to pursue than to issue a
writ for the imprisonment of JOHN THOROGOOD,
because he neglected to appear in his Court when
cited ; and that, having thus immured him in a
gaol, he had no power to set him at liberty until
he had purged his " contumacy," by the payment
of Church-rate and costs, and by taking an oath
that he would in future give canonical obedience to
his Right Reverend Diocesan. According to this
doctrine it is the duty of an Ecclesiastical Judge
to incarcerate fur life every conscientious Dissenter
who may happen to be declared contumacious by
ecclesiastical authority ; for what Dissenter could
take such an oath as that above-mentioned ? The
Learned Gentleman next pretends that a Bill to
enable him to set TEIOROGOOD at liberty is abso-
lutely indispensable, if he does not fulfil the above
conditions, and accordingly he earwigs Lord JOHN
RUSSELL to introduce such a Bill.
This is all a piece of shallow trickery. The
Learned Doctor wants a loop-hole to creep through.
Were he to release poorTir OROGOOD now, he is well
aware that he could offer no excuse to the public

for not having done so sooner. It must, to save
his fame, be made to appear that he could not
have acted otherwise than he did, and that an alte-
ration must be made in the law, for which he does
not forget to take credit, before the liberation of
THOROGOOD can take place without a plenary
submission on his part, and a complete prostration
of all his principles before the Dagon of Episcopacy.
Now, if this be so, how happens it that, first in
the case of Mr. Cimps, of Bungay,,and, again,
in that of Mr. BAINES, of Leicester, no such
course as this, which is represented by Dr. Lusll-
INGTON as imperative on him, was deemednecessary?
Mr. CIIILDS was cited in the Ecclesiastical Court
for refusing to pay a Church-rate of 17s. 6d., did
not appear, and was committed for contempt to a
felon's gaol. Did he purge his contumacy ? No,
some persons, without his knowledge, paid the
money, and he was liberated instanter. There was
not a whisper uttered about his swearing canonical
obedience to the Bishop of NORWICH. So, also, in
the case. of Mr. BAINES. He also refused to ap-
pear
a rrH
toanceelesoiaßsotiGeaolocii) persecution,
tation;but,in he steadof
un-
dergoing was not
imprisoned at all. Proceedings were taken against
his property, but his person has not been touched
up to the present moment. Are there, then, two
systems of ecclesiastical procedure, either of which
the Judges may adopt at pleasure ? It would ap-
pear there are ; and that the Learned Member for
the Tower Hamlets prefers that which most strik-
ingly displays the inclination and the power of the
Church to trample Dissenters under its hoofs.
The great absurdity which the people of Great
Britain are called upon to swallow in this case, is
this, that a Court may commit for contempt for
tc
itoistT
:1,
o
re-
lease
obedience ,
mark, it is declared that it is not for the non-pay:
me t ratetetholniocenueot
tGto a ohe paying
oora
Bishop.
i gimprisoned--but
of
is priolcosts,im:lolibinsce,udtya7b
fsoa rni‘
u(iti thethe
A ca
u sweat enirtti
that
has shown, is gross nonsense, or rather sheer
humbug. Every Court has the discretionary power
of releasing those whom it has the power of
im-
prisoning for contempt, when it thinks that suffi-
cient punishtnent has been suffered. And surely
the man, or the Judge, must have a heart of steel,
as well as a forehead of brass, who can say that
twenty months' imprisonment, in a damp and un-
wholesome dungeon, is not sufficient atonement for
not appearing to a citation for a Church-rate of
ss, 6d.
The Learned Gentleman does not think it right
that Judges should have the power of releasing
contumacious persons, unless on the payment of
costs. Such a power woulg be too great to be en-
trusted to a frail mortal, when it might have the ef-
fect of restoring a poor assenier to liberty and to
his family; but nevertheless, the Judge of the Con-
