HOUSE OF COMMONS.

At four o'clock the SPICAKER took the Chair.
Copies of the Correspondence between the Bank and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Copies of a Treaty between This Country' and the Republic
of Colombia ; a Convention with the Free Hanseatic Towns of
Lubeck, Bremen, and Hamburg!) j and also is Tre.ity with the
Most Christian King, were likewise laid upon the table.

. SLAVERY IN TIIE WEST INDIES.
Sir C. COLE resented a petition from Swansea, praying
for the abolition of Slavery in the Colonies; and also for an
alteration in the Duties upon East and West lotlia Sugar.
Lord NU ENT presented a petition from Buckingham,
praying for the abolition of slavery.
Alr.-lIITTLETON presented a petition from West Brom-
wich, in Staffordshire, praying for the improvement of the con-
dition of the Negroes in the West Indies, and stating that
the petitioners had no doubt that the country` would consent
to be taxed, cheerfully, to make up any lost accruing to the
bleat Indies.

Mr. DEVENPORT presented two petitions from the Mas-
ter Silk-weavers, journeymen, and other persona connected in
the silk trade at Macclesfield; praying that the House would
take their distress into consideration, and repeal the Act of
last Session, by which that distress was occasioned. The Hon.
Member said that he could state, of his own knowledge, the
distress to be of the most afflicting description ; and reminded
the House that he had prophesied In the year 11124, that if
over an Act like that now coming into operation passed, the
effect would be to stop the looms of England, and to set those
of France to work.
Mr. EGERTON presented a petition from the tradesmen
of the town of Macclesfield, declaring that the distress aris-
ing out of the new law was entirely ruining them, as well as
the weavers.
Sir THOMAS !JET!! BRIDGE presaged. & petition from
1,800 silk-weavers in the neighbourhood ofTaunton,in Sonny-
ietshire, complaining of their distress, v.nd praying that the new
laws might he repealed.
Mr. DICKINSON supported the petition, and said that it
was under the protectitig system that all our commerce had risen
to what it was.
ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. MA BEMS gave notice, that on Tuesday, the 7th of
March, he would move for the Repeal of the Assessed Taxes.
For any objection that might be urged on account of the pre-
sent distress, he believed that in a very few months that dis-
tress would have disappeared, and, at all events, while two
such bubles as the Sinking Fund and the Dead Weight were
permitted to remain upon the books of the country, he would
not be prevailed upon to abandon his motion. He also desired
to move (the Honourable Member continued) for an account
of Exchequer Bills—a kind of security, the over-issue of
which, he believed, had produced great mischief to the coun-
try. If gold was to ho substituted for the small notes now in
circulation, that measure must and would compel the Dank to
bring part of their dead weight of inmoo,oool. with which they
ought never to have meddled, into the market ; and if, joined
to that
_proceeding, the present issue of Exchequer Dille was
suffered to continue, nothing , but fresh pressure and difficulty
wus to be expected. The lion. Gentleman concluded by
moving for an account of Exchequer Bills.
