INSOLVENT COURT.-SATURDAY•

SLAVE COMPENSATION.—IN THE MATTER 97 MARY Oar
PORTLESS.
In this matter an important question arose. The iasol•
vent had been discharged under the Act in Septe.mber,
1834. In her schedule appeared a claim under the then
recent Act for the abolition or slavery for eight slaves, do-
miciled in the island of Demerara. On her hearing,• tw°
creditors, named Underwood and Bolton, were appointed
asiignees, and, to facilitate her discharge, she consented to
expunge from her schedule a debt of 1,0991., which she
claimed as guardian for her grown-up children, she beioi
indebted to them in that amount for property which ha°'
come into her possession as administratrix of her
late be
band, Philip Portless. The assignees, after her dis'ellat_rfel;
made a claim on the Commissioners of Compensation,7"lt
claimwas supposed to be sufficient to pay her debts.
was foiind that a counter claim had been made in Demerara',
where the claims were investigated, on her behalf for nine'
slaves, by an attorney, named Wrong, her son-in-law. irh>9
counter claim delayed the payment of the claim on the par'
of the assignees. They afterwards applied to the Court for
a further examination of the insolvent to know whether the
slaves were the same as ei:tered in her schedule, and What
right she had to the compens.ltion-money. A rule was obi
tained, and in answer it was ailleged that her children ba
made a claim for 1,0991., and that, according to the Dutch
law, they were entitled to payment before her creditor!'
They were, however, willing to come in with the creditors
and divide the compensation money par', passu. The assign
nees objected, and the children applied for wad obtained $
rule nisi for a re-hearing.
Mr. COOKE moved to make the rule absolute for are
hearing, and Mr. WOODROFFE showed cause on the part
the assignees.
It was ultimately arranged that the insolvent should sign
a paper, repudiating her claim:, and in the event of her re'
fusal a further examination to take place. The withdr3o'
of the counter claim would put the assignees in a situatio°
to receive the compensation money and pay the credit/go'
