bout-. He had so conducted himself in Parliament as to
deserve support.—( Hisses.) He had advocated the cause of
the distressed seamen and free trade, aad the merchant seamen would have reason to bless his name. He bad no wish to
draw invidious comparisons, but he considered no other man
so fit to attend to their interests as Mr. Lyall—ona who would
defend them against hollow friends and oprn enemies.—
( Hisses and groans.)
Joins Dime, Esq., came forward to second the nomination,
and was received with loud cries and hisses., with serne cheer-
ing. The last time he had the honour of addressing them
from the hustings was to second the nomination of Mr. Lyall,
and he had the same pleasing duty now.—(Groans and hisses;
and cries of Off, 'AC!) He was not acquainted with a
more honourable man, and he well liners that teeny
members of the Corporation highly esteemed him as a
man who had faithfully performed his duty.--( Hear, hear. )
He had great pleasure in seconding the nomination of Mr.
Lyall, and although ',lmp had interrupted him in speaking
to-day, he was satisfied they would vote for his friend to
Inerr°w--(Cheers and disapprobation.)
:air. Alderman HARMER came forwardto propose Mr. Wm.
Crawford, and was received with cheering- and hisses. The
uproar lasted for a considerable time, and at length the wor-
thy Alderman7gond-hurnouredly said, pointing to an individual
in the e.owd, " I want to emit till that getaleman is hoarse."
.--(Continned shoutiag, hissing, and laughter) to i conse-
quence of the severe indispesitien of ale. 'isennissn, the task
had devolved upon hies (seld a very pleasing one it was, al-
though he feared that he. :hould perform the task very ill, as
compared with that g.enticman), of proposing t theca W.
Crawfurd, Esq., as a tit and nrnprr eelacen to represent them
It aOiatnent.—(Lout cheering.) lt was unnecessary for
Alin; to enter into a detail of the excellent qualification of that
gentleman. It would be a useless task upon his part to eulo-
gise him, for his merits, were well known and Justly appre-
ciated by his brother electors, and therefore It would be a work
of supererogation for him ( Alderman IL) to enter upon them,
Chers, hisses, and uprtear. ) Mr. Crawford was a mer-
chant of the city of London, a body which was deservedly res-
pected all over the world.--( Hear, hear.) It must be a grati-
fication to Mr. Crawford's friends to kno, that lie ranked
among' the first of that distinetished class.--( Uproar and
cheering, during which it was impossible to catch one or two
sentences of the worthy alderman's address.) So far as Mr.
Crawford's character and station as a merchant were concerned,
he stood upon equal terms with thee of the other candidates,
lafessrs. Ward, Lyall, and Wilson.—(Hisses, groaning, and
great uproar.) These were all equally respectable as mer-
ehanta—in their private character he ( Aldermen H.) res-
Pected and esteemed them ; but as Terkel lit their public ca-
pacity, he, in common with all reformers, disliked them._
Cheers and uproar.) It was because they were Tories, that
he and his friends opposed them—they quarrelled not with the
feelings or characters of their opponents as men, bet with their
Measures the reformers were decidedly opposed.—( Cheers. )
In Mr. Crawford they beheld a true and old reformer—he was
before them, he had been approved by them, and they had
acknowledged that he had done his duty diligently end teal.
--(Applause and great uproar.) And it wai upon that ground
that be, and those who thought with him, gave their support
o
Mr. Crawford and the other reformers.—( Cheering and
biases.) Many of them would recollect that only a few gala
ago, it was only necessary for a man to deelate himself an ad-
vocate for Parliamentary Reform to be abused and discounte-
nanced as a leveller and revolutionist ; now bow streets-els, times were altered, for even all the Tories bad Wiled itefer-
'iners.—( Laughter and cheering,) Let theta look at the ad-
dresses of the Tories to their Constituents all over the country,
they profess to reform—tbey state that they will incpsire into
abuses, and all that they discover to be real they deelara their rea-
diness to reiress.—( Groans and cheering.) What could they
expect in the way of reform, from such men—did they not
rather believe, that from their past acts they would put a atop
to all reform.—( Hear, cheering, and hisses.) Had flue these
Zell' men declared that they considered the Parliament which
"ad Countenanced rotten borough, places, pensions, and the
salt of seats; the beet House of Commons they had ever had.
or could have ?—( Groans and uproar.) They heti. teseealet,
that that Parliament "virtually" (they had not ventured to
isay " virtuously") repreezeted the people.—( Cheers and
laughter.) The present Ministers had told them that they
were not hostile to Reform—that they would inquire into anal
itri to
edress ,abuses, at least all that they considered tUeli. But was
be supposed that these men mild change their natures—
tad they would see as defects and blemishes what they had
So long regarded as beauties ? Applause an.) He ( Alderman Harmer) should like to see temp fiuroar tting the
part of Reformers—it would be to them quite a new
'mmeter, and,' no doubt, they would be amusing enough.
(Laughter and greet cheering.) They had already given
'to the public a east of the characters—a list of the performers
was laid before them, but they had net yet been favoured with
a list of the performance.—( Hear, cheers, and laughter.) He
feared that they would scarcely be favoured with any good
Pieces from such performers. They only wanted to amuse
and, he feared, to deceive the public.--(Hear, and cheers. )
He would not detain them longer, but conclude by proposing
to them W. Crawford,
as a proper person to represent them
in Parliament.—( Great uproar.) As an instance of the re-
action which had taken place in the public mind, he would
state that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Humphery had just been
returned for the Borough of Southwark.—( Tremendous cheer-
ing for some minutes.)
Mr. J. TRAVERS then came forward, and was received with
loud cheers mingled with hisses. He had great pleasure in
seconding the nomination of their friend, Mr. Crawford, and
he would recommend them to espouse his cause, for he be-
lieved him to be the same man now that he was upon his first
introduction to them, guided in his political conduct by the
Same independence of principle,—in his character and Station
having the same talent, integrity, and experieuee, and heartily
devoted to the interests of this great metropolis, which he
IltoyuLd.( be at all times prepared tq advocate with zeal and abi-
Loud cheers.) At this moment, above all others, it
was of the highest importance that they should send proper
Members to Parliament. If they failed in making a right choice
at such a time as this, they might depend upon it that
all they had done hitherto was in vain,—the trouble they
bad taken in obtabaing the Great Charter of their liberties,
that bulwark of their social comforts--the Reform Bill— would
be, worse than useless, for the hunger of their enemies was
anatpened by abstinence—(Cheers and laughter)—And they
were Prepared to feed and to fatten upon the people's indus-
try, though it were to prove their own ruin.—(Reiterated
elleeas.) He hoped they would be awakened, at such a time
as the present, to a sense of their perilous situation—perilous,
because, as he honestly believed, the Crown itself was in dan-
ger by the wickedness of those who surrounded it, and who
were determined to direct their power to their own exclusive
ad vantage__( Cheers)—perilous, because, if the Tories retained
their places, and the progress of the Reform Bill was stayed,
the bonds of society would be loosened, if not torn asunder._
(Loud cheers.) He would implore the men of the aristocracy
to consider their present position.—(Cheers, and a cry of
" What do you think of that, Brown ?") He (Mr. W.) knew
more of the people's wants and feelings than the aristocracy did,
and he a/Quid ask them to mix themselves up with the people
more than they had hitherto done. He respected the pea-
Plaba intelligence end their love of order, and he admired their
advocacy of liberty on all occasions.—( Cheers.) But if the
aristocracy would show their sympathy for the wrongs of the
!people, he would tell them that there would not be a more re-
spected set of men upon earth. If they would but carry on
the great principles of Reform, they might lead the people in
any way they liked; but if they
i despised the people, the peo-
ple would overwhelm them.—(Loud cheers, mingled with
hsses.) He would tell them so—that the people were deter-
leneiinreeddlothey
carry out those principles of Reform which they re-
would do it by orderly means, for they had the
time had. endearsd to them by long associations .and early ba-
tlts; but at the same time they were determined to repair
athcal'a parts which were worn out.—( Cheers.) There would
a great struggle, no doubt, but the result of it, he thought,
'could not be doubtful, nor would it be of lone daration,
but
the Tories should recollect that they had brought this cri-
rtas theselves, and upon their devoted heads would be the
your se
Peo quenc,-( Loud cheers and hisses.) He would say to
ple, under any difficulty,—" Be patient, mid be firm in
thatt purpose, but, if possible, at this time, avert the storm
threatens you and send those men only to Parliament
40 Will study your interests, who anderstand your wants, and
Itea
Will advocate your rights in the House of Commons fear-
tila”—(Loud cheers.) He would conjure them not to be
paZwed by those who had assumed the garb of Reform for the
tea's cae only of betraying and deceiving them.—( Cheers and
118
'taThe e
) or f mers were called Destructives. He would
1.,
ai; those who applied such epithets, whether they had not much
Te: to base than to gain by destroying anything whatever !
ssenaY, had been called disloyal, and why ? Because they
esa-aa not sign an address drawn up at a hole-and-corner
pese`'ng—( Hisses, and tremendous cheering)—for party pur-
leets Only, and upon the subject of that address an acknow.
leafeient was extorted from the other party that no discussion
am to take place upon it--( Cheers.) He would not detain
ae;".111 longer, but would conclude by recommending their friend
a • Crawford---( Cheers)—and with him he trusted they would
tass°aiate such men only, as they could thoroughly depend upon
but
advocate their interests. He should wait with impatience,
tAWith perfect confidence, for the wisdom of their decision.
Alderman LUCAS came forward to propose Mr. WARD
Aft Was received with mingled groans, hisses, and cheers.
aetieer
several attempts to obtain a hearing, he claimed to be
heard the ground of being a liveryman more than 50 years.
siti%lng the
so long in this city they would not need an expo-
eerl33l.' of his Principles. . He came to propose a gentleman pr0(4141
(4141 for his loyalty to his King. He was a tried man, and
aeZtaiguished both for extensive knowledge and liberality of
SOjnenitheir'ngt• A man saho always did his duty. He heard
°theabout a hole and corner address, why did not the
ea ix; gentlemen get up at- other address ? That was what they
tried t° have done. He proposed Wm. Ward, Esq., as the
wholefri of the King and Constitution. Throughout the
of this address tha atmost confusion prevailed.
had IR 'l°Rx CLARIDGE seconded the nomination. His Majesty
ant right to dismiss the old and form the present adrninistra-
ea" e tali tho Ugh they were said to be the enemies of reform,
h'enied it, and Sir Robert Peel was a proof of it. ( Uproar.)
saaq had tried Mr. Ward, and knew he was worthy of their
bur, ( H isses. )
Nils ALDERMAN ALDERMAN BROWN came forward to propose Mr.
) 4ere
n' and was saluted with tremendous hootings. An hon.
stheaid the Whigs had been dismissed by his Majesty because
doe going to do certain things. But what had they
etter
hi
Leratirhtlant He would tell them one thing—they had shown their
seal
c'ocapacity to do their duty, and had proved such uridu-
ednren, that their father, Lord Grey, deserted them.
and hisses.) He had to propose an honourable
self , and a gentleman who would scorn to pledge him-
an, .nunconditionally to any administration, but who would
consistency with the laws as they now stood. ( Hisses.)
"
of a,!,'sit.because the Duke of Wellington had been the Saviour
couatry abroEdt and supported the constitution at honte#

that he was vilified ? (" No, no.") It was because he venc-
rated the institutions of the country, that he proposed Mr.
Wilson. (Hisses.)
Mr. JOHN MASTERMAN seconded the nomination, believing
that he was thdreby doing a great service to the city of Lon-
don,"and to the country at large.—( Laughter, and cries of
" Off, off." He had been acquainted with Mr. Wilson for
many years, and so esteemed his private and public character,
that he thought it his duty to propose him to his fellow-citi-
zens.----( Hisses, )
Mr. Los-n proposed Mr. Pattison, a gentleman holding the
highest mercantile situation, standing upon a proud eminence
as Governor of the Bank of England, a situation that he filled
with undeniable honour. He was known to most of them in
the private walks of life, and wherever he was known be was
loved and admired for his known manly conduct ; with him
there was no trimming, no shuffling, nothing courtier-like ;
he was a man of honest, stedfast, and upright principles, and
therefore his conduct was invariably direct and straight-
forward. All his interests in life were identified with
theirs ; he was born among them ; he was bred a merchant,
and had descended from a mercantile family of long standing
and high respectability in the city.—( Cheers.) His opinions
on the public questions of' the day be need not enlarge upon ;
his political creed had been fully set forth in the public address
he had issued, and which was in the hands of all the electors ;
but this he would say for him, he was not an anti-reformer,
nor the eneaty of reform and all improvement. On the other
hand he was perfectly conscious hewas not a destructive. He ab-
horred these
that an sae isistna men were liable to decay, and there-
foreodious extremes.—( Cheers.) He ryas weli aware
."
Q'
required to be watched, and narrowly examined, and to be
revised and amended, and aciapnani to altered times and eir-
n
cumstances.—(Hear.) He was an ardent Lld to the re;
vision andaniendment of our institutions, and he would prom-
te it with eordlalitys He tilts in the best sense of the word a
reformer; not a rash and headlong man, but d dilutions, pru-
dent reformer, ii a word, a rational reformer.—( Cheers.)
considering his liberal and enlightened views on all questions
of public polity, hieminent rank in cernmercial life, his high
statit't hI sbniety, His well-known independent t of character,
and his prudence he cordially recommended him with great
satisfaction to his brother electors.—(Cheers.) He felt con-
vinced that they would do what they did forty years ago to his
uncle, who was carried in triumph agrinst the leading interests
of the day, to a seat in the India Gondasirtent; open the
shoulders of the citizens of London.—( Cheers.) What the
citizens did thirty years ago for the uncle, he was sure they
would now do for the nephew: They Would rally round him,
they *add raise the City interest in their tavouf and earry
him triumphantly' to the representation of this great city. He
would detain them no longer, hut proceed at once to nominate
James Pattison, Esq., Governor of the Bank of England, as a
fit and proper pqrsr to represent the City of London in Par-
liallient.—( Loud cheerg.)
SAMUEL GURNEY, Esq. said he had very high satisfaction in
seconding the nombsation of pewis 13oyd of James Pattison
to represent thisUV in fete insulin; Parliament. He had
high satisfaction in doing so, because in selecting from the
mercantile body in the City, had the selection been left to
himself, he could not have fpleeted a more suitable individual,
whether froth high standing as a merchant, Or his high and
honorable character as a man of liberal sentiments, kept up by
sound discretton. Therefore he had unlimited satisfaction
in proposimg him to the,, meeting:—(linmense
.cheering. )
He (Min na.) was not a politician, otherwise than he deiired
the welfare of mankind.—(Bravo, bravo.)—There was one
point on which he was pcculierly interested, and upon which
his friend Janes Pattison verb- sßential)F ceineiden v,ith him
jiiiiinnelit--n meant the passing of the Bill winch had d
stroyed the iniquity of slavery from the British laws.—(lm-
mouse cheering.)—His friend Pattison united with him that
it was a matter of serious consideration how the opera-
tion t r that Mil should be put in desalt:lOn, 3fid both
were of opinion that it depended upon the method
into which it was put into execution, how far its full
benefit was to be derived. For his own part he had no hesi-
tation in retahiss he waa jading Uf tit pretest that had been
entered on the journals of the House of Lords by the Duke of
Wellington.—( Hear, hear.) He was not an opposer of the
present Administration— ho wished them well with all his
heart, but he theughtgafter that nresteat ppon the particular
which he telt interested that the preSent itliniftera
did require close watching, and his friend Pattison was one—
he would confidently say, was one who would closely watch
them. He. (Mr.,G.) left othenmatters and points of politicalintertll nitiolly behind him. Ile was not a party at an ;
uttt
he thought it of great importance that the representatives of
the city of London should melt who would staceh the ripe-
ration of the tinsa:tkiN he ad enacted to, and that the people of
itngland should be assured that through them those who had
nobly laid down their money should be assured, not only for
the sake of the people of England, but for the cause of hu-
manity, that value *lnlaid be het eltbtl fir that Mont?
in the lane awl essential liberation of the black popu-
lation from bondage.—(Great cheering.) He had thought
it right thus to state the ground on which he had
came forward to second the normnationi He lied the goodfortune to be in ono len§e slid la§t speaker, arisc;quently ne
giao of being the more welcome. He retired expressing
an earnest hope that he would have the pleasure of seeing re-
turned as the representative of this great city his much
esteemed friend James Pattison.—(Great applause.)
Mr. Alderman Woof) presented himself and was loudly
cheered. He courted the indulgence of the livery and his
brother cleettn's only for a very few minutes. He hoped
they would hear him attentively because he should be
very brief, and because he had to request they would hear all
the other candidates. He had heard no arguments whatever
from the movers and seconders of his three opponents. He
should hare been glad to have heard whether they would have
talked to-day of there being four candidates before them, who
were called Destructives.—( Hear, hear.) Why he thought
he bad a right to be very short in what he had to say wasp that
this was the ninth time he had appeared before the electors ;
his conduct, therefore, must be so well known to them in every
particular, both as a magistrate and a representative, it became
wholly unnecessary for him to detain the meeting, especially
as there were so many others to speak. At the same time,
he wished to say one word on the subject on the new name
and new title which his opponents had given to themselves—
( Hear, hear)—and which they subsequently wish to fasten
upon Reformers. He hnd been forty years in London in a
very large concern--he had been as a corporator upwards of
thirty years, and very nearly all that time a Magistrate. Ile
had filled several offices 1 and perhaps it would make the
meeting smile when he stated he had filled a military office.
He had been actually elected a field-marshal.—(Laughter.)
That election was sanctioned by George 111., but he had
never spent any of the public money during.his military career.
—(Hear, hear, and laughter.) He used to invite his regiment,
composed sometimes of 700 or 800 met?, to breakfast with him
at Highbury, but he had never put the city to any expense.
As he had said, he had been nine times before them as their
representative, and he would ask them if there was a man pre-
sent eho could say that any act of his had led to the destruc-
tion of public money. The offices which he had held, that of
Sheriff amongst the rest, had been very expensive to him,
although he had never found fault. No doubt they would re-
collect the extraordinary duty he had on one or more occa-
sions to perform. He would allude particularly to the cir-
cumstance of Sir F. Burdett, and afterwards, when persons
rose in a body and went into the gunsmiths in the city of Lon-
don, and took the fire arms. They would recollect their
honourable Chamberlain and himself, alone, without the aid of
police, took those men into custody, and made them all pri-
soners.—( Hear, hear.) He was obliged in some degree to
become his own trumpeter, because he believed he was outliving
many of his old friends ; but he would ask any of those
who remained and were present, or the three representatives
in Parliament who had sat during the last Session with him, if
he had ever declined to do his duty, or if ever he had given a.
vote calculated to destroy the people's rights.--( Cheers.) He
had endeavoured to prevent the people being taxed in the heavy
manner they had been. He would continue should he be again
sent into Parliament, of which he had not the slightest doubt,
to continue, as he had hitherto done, to exert himself in asl
their local affairs, both in Committees and in the House of
Commons, and trusted he would never do anything that would
fail to give the most entire satisfaction to his constituents, anx-
ious as he was, at all times; to live in the esteem of his Lae-
ther citizens.
Mr. GROTE then appeared, and was received with several
rounds of applause; when it ,had in some measure ceased, he
said he came before them to solicit the honour of a renewal of
their suffrages. He had been two years in the honourable
post of their Representative, and although in that time lie had
not dcne all that he wished, and still less all that he ought to
have done—(Great cheering)—yet he entertained a strong
hope that he had done nothing to forfeit their confidence.—
(Cheers, and a few hisses, which caused other three distinct
rounds of cheering.) Two years ago he had stated before
them the principles he held upon political matters--the prin-
ciples upon which he would act if returned—and he had
endeavoured to follow .up those principles as consistently as
he could.--( Loud cheers.) If he should again be elected, he
would accept the trust with unabated ardour, and upon the
same principles—to do the very best that was in his power
both to the city of London and to the country generally, and
so far as he could, give them all the benefits of the Reform
Cheers.) Two years ago, they had elected the first
Reformed Parliament, and a most important time that was ;
but that which they bad to choose on that occasion was much
more important, for they were now threatened with an inter-
ruption to the steady and prosperous course of Reform—
( Cheers)—which two years ago seemed so encouraging. They
had now a Ministry of marked and uncompromising Tories,
under the guise of Conservative Reformers.—n( Great cheer-
ing and laughter.) They had certainly obtained permission
from his Majesty to change their name and arms—still
they were essentially Tories both in the bone and in the flesh.
(great cheering.) They had disbanded the Parliament in the
hope that the spirit which enabled the people to pass the Re-
form Bill was dead.--(Laughter.) Their presence on that
occasion, as well as the great and numerous meetings which
they had throughout the City, told him they were still the
same people, and animated by the same spirit as they were
found years ago, and that they would still press ;he Reform
Bill to their hearts.—(Great cheering.) They had been
charged with, by their agitation for the Reform of abuses,
disturbing the free course of commerce, but he would ask
whether the country was not in a state of greater quiescence
on the 15th of November last' than it had been for some time.
—(Great cheering.) He would further ask, What was the
state of the Country now ? and he would tell them
that there would be no end to agitation until
the present Ministry was dismissed.—(Loud and long
continued cheerS, whith lasted for some time. He had, and
those who acted with him had also been called destruc-
tives, and had been charged with the intention of
destroying all that was fair, sound, and beautiful in the
constitution. That charge was untrue as ever charge
was, they desired to preserve every thing that was good and
useful. They were destructives only so far as they saw any

manner in which your Excellency has pressed upon the attention of the
Government at home the claims which the clergy of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in this island possess upon the continued support
of a Government which encouraged them, upon certain conditions,
to embark in this held of labour, we know that your Excellency had
been better pleased had these deep feelings of gratitude which we,
as-a body, in particular experience towards ;our Excellency, had
never been called forth, and that they were oral pow confined to
the recesses of our grateful bosoms.
" It may be permitted us, however, to say on general grant..
that we regret most exceedingly the near dissolution of a connec-
tion in which we have ever found it an easy task to impress upon
our flocks the duty of a cheerful and hearty submission to their
Governor. Yoar Excellency has made it the interest, the plea-
sure, the instinct of our people, to yield a ready affectionate obe-
dience to the representative of their Sovereign ; you have promoted
their prosperity by encouraging their industry, and ensuring to
them security, and on all those occasions of periodical distress
which have been so lamentably common in this island, the people
have invariably found that the administrator of the government
held the sympathy of a father with the most distant of his family, ,
that the most urgent need always preferred the most successful
claim to that bounty of which he was the almoner, and that the
strictest impartiality has ever marked its distribution. We feel,
Sir, that it would ill become us to attempt an interference at this
time with your Excellency's arrangements, or at any time with the
designs of the parent Government; we cannot, however, from our
locality, be insensible to the deep feeling which prevails through-
oat the most remote districts of the island towards your Excellency
and your Excellency's administration, and we cannot suppress the
avowal of our firm conviction, that if the united supplications of
the thousands of oar humble docks who are scattered throughout
the island, or of the respectable of other creeds by whom we are
surrounded, could, even at this hour, prevail upon your Excellency
to rescind your resolution, the united intercession of all classes of
the island might yet be joined to our own fervent prayers that your
Excellency would, at least, not anticipato the period at which, in
the ordinary course of events, the Royal instructions would deprive
us of the blessing which this island has so long experience(' from
your strictly imtartial government."

The Address of the Dissenting Congregation to his Excellency
Sir Thomas John Cochrane, Knight, Governor, and Com-
mander-in-Chief, &e. •
" May it please your Excellency,—We, whose names are under-
signed, beg leave most respectfully to approach your Excellency on
behalf of the Society and Congregation of the Wesleyan Metho-
dists of the town of St. John's and its vicinity, to offer unto your
Excellency, on the ere of your Excellency's-departure from this
colony, our most sincere expressions of gratitude and respect for
the many invaluable benefits which have been conferred upon this
colony during the period of more than nine years that your Excel-
lency has held the reins of government, and fur tho manner in
which civil and religious liberty has been maintained during that
period, and which we have enjoyed in common with the rest of his
Majesty's subjects in this colony.
" And therefore we cannot contemplate your Excellency's speedy
dcpartu:e from these shores without expressing our deepest regret
at such a ircums tan ce, and begging to assure your Excellency
that we shall not ..;age to cherish the kindest. and most affectionate
remembrance of yens Excellency's person and government long
after the connexion which unites us shall have ceased to exist.
" And, in conclusion, we do assure your Excellency, that we
shall not cease to pray, that he by wi,om ' the powers that be are
ordained,' and whom the winds and sou obey,' will safely convey
your Excellency and beloved and amiable ta.-2ily to your destined
Leven. and that every blessing, temporal and spit;tual, may attend
you to life's latest moments.
" JOHN HAIGH, WeAeran MissiCurtrY•
" WILLIAM FItEEM AN,I Stewards and
" JOHN 1317LLEY, Leaders." •-

" The Address of the Preeb:•terian Congregation to his Excel
lencv Sir Thomas John Cochrane, Knight, Governor, and Com
mander-in-Chief,

" May it please your Excellency—We, the Minister and Deacons
representing the Congregational Church in this town, beg leave
respectfully to approach your Excellency to express the most cor-
dial feelings of attachment and esteem which we entertain towards
you, and we cannot but regret, in eommon with our fellow-citizens,
your Excellency's intended departure from the government of this
island.
" The length of time your Excellency has continued with us_
the enlightened anti impartial manner in which our local comforts
have been promoted and improved—the readiness with which our sp..
plications have been attended to—your fostering care of our schools,
and the munificent manner in which your I:,xcellency has at all
times contributed towards the support of our charitable institutions,
without regard to sect or party, together with that prompt and ge-
nerous solicitude for the wants of the poor, have convinced us that
in you, Sir, we have always found a liberal petron and a true
friend; and we cherish the pleasing hope that future generations
will fully realize the benefits of your Excellency's kind and pa-
trotic exertions for the moral and religious welfare of this island.
" In conclusion, we beg to assure your Excellency it is our
most sincere prayer that your Excellency and family may, in
your approaching voyage, be sheltered in the hollow of that hand
which se-ays the tempest in its power, that you may speedily be
brought to your native land "„n peace and safety, bearing with you
the cordial good wishes of every member of the Congregational
Church of St. John's.
" With sentiments of unfeigned regard and esteem, we are your
Excellency's most humble servants,
" D. S. WARD, Minister.
" J. STENTAFORD
" R. JOB, ' f Deacons."

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS.

FRENCH FUNl)S.—Pittls, JAN. '2.
Five per Cents., 10,f. 70e. ssc. 7Ce.
Four per Cents., Uhf.
'1 hr., per Cents. 7oc. We. 73c, 811..'c
National Loan, Cents.,
(do.
Bank Actions, 1,7n5f. —c.
Rente de Naples., 93f. 60c,
(lonian livc per Cents., LIS
Hented*Espagne, Five per Cents , 40,41.46.
ltente d'Eepagne, Three per t'ints., 27,,.!.; 27.
Rente Perpet. tl'E.spagne. rive per Lents., 42.,•ii WI 4e,
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, Skl!.(4.
Pon uguese Loan, Five per Cent., e..
Portugue..e Loan, Six per Cents,, 95!..4.
Hayti:in Dian,
ExcnAxon ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 251'. 30c. ; money, —f. --c.
three inonths, paper, 23t. 1734 e.; money, —L
Authentratie
FRENCI-I FUNDS.—PANts, JAN. 3.
Fire per Cents.. 106 f. fY);... 75e. 70e. . •
Four and a Half per Cent, 100 f. 20c.
Four per ('cute., 1111. tile.
Three per t'tote., 76f. 87e eoc. 73C.
Rank Actions. I.lll'f.- C.
- h„.;,te Nap,,, 031'. 40c. Sec. 4.0 c.
lioniatt t.ire ncr Grim., 1/5 'J4SI.
Petite ,01,,,pagoe, rive per Cents., -1114%.
Rent, (pE,,s3fle, liiroc per Cents , 27.
Nov swoosh Joan, 441
Perpet. d'F.,pagne. Five per Cent., 4r.414 42
ne;ii,,i3. Loan, live per Cents ,
For•itatizse Loan, lire FerCcnts' trt:i 87.
I'ortuguese Loan, Six per Ccfts 43
I laytian Lozn, :etiof. —e.
11XCIIANgiE ON Losn.ys
O .c rric,oth, paper, ;2.5... moue, —r,
l'orce moethe, paper, 251. ; money, —f. --c-
-• o.

HALF-PAST 3 oschocs.—Fave per Cents. Rentes, 105 E 70e. ;
Three per Cent. Rentes, 77f. 12ae. ; Five per Cent. Spanish, 42;
Three per Cont. ditto, 27 ; Cortes, 404; Royals, 42 Differes,
13k ; Dneata, 93 SO; Romans, 94;1; Belgian, 9Sit Padros, 85i ;
Dutch, 54 25.

HA EIBURC, DEC. 30.—Boastw HALLS.—Most descriptions of
Stock have improved, and the quotations might in general have
been obtained to-day with ease. Aastrian Bank Shares wrre more
particularly in demand. Money abundant.
Discount, 3 per cent. . Rod of Lecembee
Allgio-Datlish Loan, three per ..... 73%
Angln.ltussian ........ ............ ..... 102
Russian I nscrildion, S per cent., 1012.1 SLia
Ditto, ditto, ....... 95.74
Ditto, :ittO, .............. 05%
Certificates ...•..»»......»»».....»........... I.Chi
Polish Bonds
Vrussian Bonds, 1832.......204
Amtria;i Bank Shares, ..... ........
Ditto Metalliques .............».•.............. IC
Ditto 4 per cent ..... !.i
Ditto 4 per Cent. (144)
spatush 3 per Cents
Spanish Cortes (A. Y. Haldimand and :ens) «
Ditto 4 per Cent....
Dutch per Cents. —._....—. .....
)itto i.er Cents.... ................ .........
. Portuguese Regency, 3 percent.
Ditto, t 3 pet cent. ........ 91%.
,shurg Bergner, Dec. 30.
FUNDS—Amin-manse; JAN. 42.
Aetual Debt, 2% per Cent......______. .5344 to 54i
Amon Syndic, 4t; per t,,:fit. .•. ..... 946 to in
Ditto, ditto, 3% 7.5% .*0 78%
Loan (1,z30) 5 per cent. .....
Ditto (V-32 and .333) 5 per cent. 1/93; to 100,4
Exchange on London, One m0nth.......,, 12 17}.;
Two months 12 10
—DuVela Papers. Jan 3.
BELGIAN FUNDS.--Banssaus, JAN. 2.
Actual Debt, 234 per. cent.
Rothschild's Loan, S per cent.------ ..... 617.
Loan of the City, AA 4 per cent--------.. 1,9!4
—Brawls Papers, Jan. 3.

THE MARKETS-{THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.
