PROFITABLE PURCHASE.

PIE SUNI of £4OO or £5OO is WANTED
IMMEDIATELY, to be raised by SALE of part
I Claim under a Blnkrup•cy amounting (with Interest)
!4Pwards of 4,6001., and to meet which a large sum of
°"Y has been placed out at interest by the Assignees.
the Money is required under very peculiar circum-
4e", a part of the property will be disposed of on terms
Yield a large profit to a Purchaser; or the Party en-
dto the Claim would have no objection to dispose of
bwhole sum, which it is expected will be paid under
."inkruptcy very in which case pqrt of the
chase money might remain on security, or be invested
pannuity.
Id" particulars, apply personally, or by letter, postage
~..t° Jr.A Bromehead. solicitor and proctor, Lincoln.
:"th December, lOT?•

COACH PROPRIETORS, LIQUOR MER-
CHANTS. AND CAPITALISTS.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By JOHN WHITE,
,the Castle Inn, in the City of Coventry, on WEnwns-
r, the 9th day of January, 1833, at Five o'clock in
then bee
subject to such conditions as will
4'l w,n...be produced (by order of the Assignees of Mr.
IVWise Peters, a Bankrupt),
lOST DESIRABLE and TRULY
VALUABLE LEASEHOLD and FREEHOLD
I,C„ATES ; comprising the City Hotel, three substan-
lih4easuages, and extensive Warehouses, and the Del-
!" public-house, all situate in the City of Coventry.
.Qn'brrWELVE SHARES in the COVENTRY GAS-
t.'r COMPANY, in the following Lots .-
I‘:4 I.—All that eligible, newly erected, and compact
'tireld Estate, called the City Hotel, situate in the
of the City of Coventry, in the occupation of Mr.
:11l comprising a Retail Liquor-shop, Coffee-room,
Kitchen, Back Kitchen, two Dining-rooms, four
,tubers, five Attics, Water-closet, and most extensive
1,, and Liquor Vaults, and Cellaraee.
.ine Situation commands the Holyhead and Liverpool
'ttlthe Leicester and Leamington roads, and the
'l"4 IVarket, and is an invaluable property for a Coach
~I)tietor, for any person wishing to embark in the
,e3ale and retail Wine and Liquor Trade, or for the
i,lll/alist ; and possession may be had on completion of
purchase.
I he Estate is held under a Lease from the Corporation
',entry for 21 years, commencing on the Ist day of
}
14IT, 1821, at the Annualandrenew-
tri or a second 21 years, at the Annual Rent of 11 ,I.IOS,
01:4 a third 21 yf ars, at 201. Rent, there being there-
-0 years unexpired on the Ist of January, 1833.
Grates and House Fixtures will be sold with the
; the Trade Fixtures and Utensils, and the valuable
V:, of genuine Wines and Liquors, to be taken by the
4`,°l/ier at a Valuation, in the usual manner, and the
may have the option of taking the Household
„I'.llare or other effects on the Premises, on the same

3,4, 5, and 6 compri.,e very valuable Freehold
,Leasehold Estates in Coventry, and Shares in the

,141 try Gas Light and Coke Company.
4
t a view of the respective Leasehold and Freehold
,illiaPply to the Auctioneer, in Bishop-street, who begs
h."l the attention of the public thereto ; the situations
r!t to be equalled by any in the City-
illated particulars, with ground plans of Lots 2,3, 4,
May be had by applying to Messrs. Carter and
.41% Solicitors, Coventry ; Messrs. Trehern and
' Solicitors, 134, Leadenhall-street, London ;
s0'1:. Atkinson, Barwick, and Co., Wine and Spirit
accts, Saint Alary at Hill, London ; of the Auctioneer;
tthe Castle, King's Head, and Craven Arnie, Co-
t4)l the Albion Hotel, Birmingham ; the Warwick
Warwickßoyal Hotel, Leamington ; the
,040,210te1, Cheltenham ; and the Stag and Pheasant,

NURSERY MEDICINES.
titTLER'S FLUID EXTRACT OF
SENNA.—This preparation is composed of Senna
Aer mild aperients, as C.issia Pulp, Manna, &c ,
t.°Matics. The taste and smell is so concealed by
Etude,, of preparing it, that unless a child were told
N-• im Medicine, it would not distinguish it. It has
tihN3etibed by several eminent practitioners, and found
'l)iti/v'r all the purposes for which the Infusion and the
Eleetuary are usually administered. In Bottles,
44:4M
Y'S GENUINE CARMINATIVE.—In order
s-L" this valuille Medicine within the reach of all
:11
4it Will be sold in future in bottles at Is. each, as
Bti,ll at Is. 9d. ; but to prevent impositions, observe
'l4
r;eri Cheapside," on the Government Stamp, and Mr.
ttil,'gastrre on the Label.
qk; I.\-Ell'S STOMACHIC AND DIGESTIVE
lti a pleasant aromatic stomachic and powerful di-
ite will be found most serviceable in those affee
.Isr:ginating in an impaired digestion ; and also an
1 p—"" gentle aperient for children. In boxes at Is.
014 Ed.
"Y Butler, Chymist, Cheapside, corner of St.
Savory and Co., 136, New Bond-street ; San-
'tet.,so, Oxford-street ; Willoughby, 61, Bishopsgate-
-4" molt Dialers in Patent Ntdicinea.

INCORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL TEETH FIXED
WITHOUT WIRES OR OTHER LIGATURES,
AND FILLING DECAYED TEETH WITH MI-
NERAL SUCCEDANEUM.

mONSIEUR MALLAN and SONS, Sur-
geon Dentists, No. 9, HALF MOON-STREET,
PICCADILLY, and 32, GREAT RUSSELL-STREET,
BLOOMSBURY, grateful for the high and EXTENSIVE
PATRONAGE which has so eminently distinguished their
pi ,fessional exertions since their arrival in the British Me-
tiapolis,- beg leave to announce to their Friends and the
Public in general, that they still CONTINUE to RE-
S FORE DECAYED TEETH,with their CELEBRATED
MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM, so universally recom-
mended by the Faculty of London and Paris. The Ope-
ration is PERFORMED IN A FEW SEC®NDS, with-
out the SLIGHTEST PAIN, HEAT, or Pressure, and
Allays the most EXCRUCIATING PAIN, and lasting
for many years ; they also FASTEN LOOSE TEETH,
WHETHER ARISING from AGE, NEGLECT, or
DISEASE in the GUMS. INCORRODIBLE MI-
NERAL and NATURAL TEETH, from one to a COM-
PLETE Set, which are INCAPABLE of DISCO-
LOURATION or CORROSION, and fixed without the
incumbrance of Wires or any other LIGA'I URES, and
answer every PURPOSE of ARTICULATION and
MASTICATION.—Charges as in Paris.
All Operations performed on the Teeth.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

Q UEEN-SQUARE.

COOKY AND THE GENTLEMAN'S GF.NTLEIIAN.—Mrs.
Lydia Burton, a portly-looking woman, superintendent
of the kitchen of a gallant Colonel in Cadogan place, was
charged with an assault upon Mister John Irving, the
" wallay" to " Cook) 's" master. Frequent " rows"
have taken place between the parties, and, according to the
complainant's statement, on his entering the kitchen that
morning, the cook took hold of him by the arm and abused
him. He told her he did not want to quarrel with her,
but she continued her tirade until he was obliged to run
away from her, and lock himself up in the pantry for two
hours. He was then obliged to re-enter the kitchen with a
tray in his hand, when the cook get him down, and, stradling
over him, swore she would have his life. She then reached
the heavy kitchen poker, and struck him several times on
the right shoulder. It was only by placing his head in a
peculiar manner that he escaped a fractured skull. After
a " scrummage" of a few minutes, he pulled his assailant
down also ; but so fast did the termigant hold him, that
they rolled over and over several times before he could ex.
tricate himself from her grasp. This, however, being
done, lie made hut one step to the exterior of the kitchen
door, and, turning the key upon the enr.ged tigress, he
stood for some time panting for breath. Oa recovering
himself he called aloud for his master, who came down
and put an end to the disturbance.
A recrimination of some length took place between the
parties, in which the complainant said that the defendant
accused him unjustly of carrying stories" to the Colonel,
and the defendant declared that the other commenced the
assault, and that "his iindelicacy was beyond mention
u hen he was down."

The affair was finally adjusted by the defendant consent-
ing to leave the service of her master, and taking the
wages which he said was due, although she declared she
%% as entitled to double the amount.
MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

DISASTERS OF A TWOPENNY POSTMAN.— William
Witt, a buck-shinned twopenny postman, of grave de-
portment and appearance, came before Mr. DYER, for the
purpose of charging a youth, who was placed at the bar,
with having picked his pocket of about three pounds in
money.
Mr. Witt, it appeared, took the advantage on Tuesday
last of his " leave of absence" to pay his friends a visit,
and to offer them the customary congratulations of the
season, during which proceeding he poured so many
" Christmas compliments' down his throat that towards
evening he deemed it prudent to find his way, if possible,
to his lodgings.
The story was here taken up by a policeman belonging
to the C division, who saw the complainant rolling bout
Newport Market, surrounded by a number of young
urchins, who were diverting themselves at his ex-
pense. When the complainant recovered his re-
collection the next morning he asserted he had
lost his money, and then suspicion fell upon the
defendant, from the communication made by a little bsy
who was present on the occasion. The only evidence the
boy had to offer was, that he had seen the accused busy
himself in assisting the complainant to recover his equi-
librium. _

From something in the boy's manner and appearance,
Mr. DYER was induced to ask him if he could read?—
Boy—No.
Mr. DYER-Don't you go to school ? Boy—l go to
St. Ann's National School, Rose-street. _ _

Mr. DYER—WO, and don't you learn to read there?
Boy—No ; 1 learn to write on a dry slate.
11r. DYER—What ! are you taught to write before you
can read? What is it you write ? Boy-I write my AB C.
Mr. DYER—How long have you been at school? Boy
—More than a year.

Mr. DYER—How old are you ? Boy—l'm eleven
years old.
Mr. DYER, on being informed that the school consisted
of about 200 boys, educated by one master, and that their
educatipin was finished at 14, remarked, that if the boy
could get no further than A B Cin one year, be was not
likely to carry away from that school a very extensive
stock of learning.
As there was not a shadow of proof that the boy who
had been charged was the pilferer of the money, Mr.
DYER decided that he should be released.

Mr. •Witt left the office much chagrined at the loss of
his money, and the possibility of writing himself " Walker,
the Twopenny Postman."

TIGHT LACING.—Tight lacing not only
prevents a due development of the muscles by pressure,
but, by fixing into one immoveable mass the ribs and ver-
tebrae of the back, which, more especially in youth, should
have free motion on each other, makes the whole upper
part of the body a dead weight on the vertehi ze of the
loins, which, in consequence, give way to one or other
side, and lateral curvature is produced. Not only does
tight lacing act directly in this manner, but indirectly it
operates in diminishing muscular vigour by impeding re-
spiration. It is well known that muscular power bears a
relative proportion to the produce of respiration, animals
having the highest development of the respiratory organs
being the most powerful in muscular force. Tight stays
compress the ribs together, and prevent the play of the
respiratory muscles; when applied during the growth of
the body, they prevent the development of the chest, and
thus lay the foundation of many pectoral diseases. The
female form, at least in youth, requires no artificial aid to
improve it. Who would think of putting stays on the
Venus de Aledicis ?—Bcole's Observatlons on the Spine.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER.—This is become
quite a fashionable Court with lawyers and suitors. It is
to the high legal attainments and polite conduct of Lord
LYNDHURST that the great influx of business may, in a
peat degree, be attributed. It is said that upwards of
30,000 %, tits were issued from this Court during the last
year. It appears in the fitst report of the Commissioners,
that in 1827 only 8,197 writs were issued from the Ex•
chequer, and 66.459 !rum the King's Bench. We believe
the latter Court has lately experienced a great decrease of
businei4,-,-Le94l EXaMiIiPT.

MANCHESTER.

DINNER TO MR. PHILIPS AND MR,
PO ULETT THOMSON.

A splendid entertainment was given on Thursday even-
ing at the Theatre, in Manchester, to Mr. P. Thomson
and Dlr. Mark Philips, the first representatives for that
new borough. The house was brilliantly illuminate,' with
gas. The Star and Garter, with the initials "W. R."
shining -forth from the upper part of the spacious saloon,
with the word " Reform" in large characters in gas, ran
round the front of the second tier of boxes. The coup
on entering the house, was most striking.
During the entire day the demand for tickets bad been
incessant, and after the number issued by the committee,
many gentlemen, to be participators in this splendid cele-
bration of the great triumph over Conservative exertions
in this borough, contented themselves with servants'
tickets, and attended in that capacity. Upwards of 1,400
gentlemen sat down to dinner.
BENJAMIN llEvavoon, late Member for the county,
presided, and was supported on his right by Mark Philips,
Esq , M.P., Edward Baxter, J. Shuttleworth, and Henry
Forth, Esqrs. ; and on his left by the Right Hon. C.
Poulett Thomson, M.P., J. C. Dyer, R. H Grey, and Wil-
liam Haynes, Esqrs. Amongst other gentlemen present,
we noticed R. Potter, Esq., M.P. for Wigan; John
Wood, Esq., late Member for Preston; John Fenton, E•q.,
M.P. for Rochdale; Charles Hindley, Esq., the defeated
liberal candidate for Ashton-under-Line; and Andrew
Thomson, E-q., Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England.
After the cloth was removed, the CHAIRMAN, in elo-
quent and appropriate terms, gave the usual loyal toasts,
which were drunk with the greatest enthusiasm, and with
every demonstration of loyalty.

The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The healths of his
Majesty's Ministers." The mere announcement of this
toast was the signal for the most deafening and enthu-
siastic shouts of appl tuse, and was drunk amidst loud and
long-continued plaudits.
Mr. PortLETT THOMSON rose to return thanks, and, in
obedience to the general call of the vast assembly, mounted
the table amidst loud and long-continued cheers, accom-
panied by waving of handkerchiefs. As soon as silence
was restored, the Right Hon. Gentleman spoke as fol-
lows :—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,—l rise to offer
you, in a very few words, the thanks of my Lord Grey
and of my colleagues for the honour you have just done to
the Administration, and more especially for the most flat-
tering manner in which you have been pleased to receive
that toast.—(Loud cheers.) As in my conscience I be-
lieve that every member of his Majesty's Government looks
solely to the possession of power as a means for increas-
ing the happiness and extending the liberties of their
countrymen, so do I agree in this expression of your
approbation and of your confidence as the highest
reward which they can attain.—(Great applause.)
Would to God that the Noble Lord at the head of
his Majesty's Councils, and who carries on (if I may
be permitted so to call it) the people's Government—
(Cheers)—would to God that he were present to be a
witness of the enthusiasm with which you have been
coed enough to receive his name. It has been his fate to
struggle fur years in the great cause, the name of which
presides over your heads. He has rejected power and
place because the possession of them could not bring with
them the objects which he bad most and dearest in his
heart. He has lived to see the day when power and
place were offered to him, and the terms which he was
enabled tel make were a people's emancipation.—(Tre
mentions cheering.) Would to God, then, I say, that
the Noble Earl could have been here to witness this meet•
ing of his countrymen,—an assembly composed of the
wealth, respectability, and talent of the greatest, the se-
cond city of the kingdom,—great would be his satisfae-
tion ; and I am sure I speak but the truth whe❑ I say
that it would be a rich reward for his exertions.—
(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I have said that I believe the
Administration of Earl Grey seeks nothing in the posses-
sion of power but the happiness of their countrymen ; and
now permit me to say that they have given you the.
surest pledge that they desire that happiness only, for•
they, at least, have placed the power of securing.
their happiness in the hands of the people ; and it
is in their power now to give to the Governtnent the ver-
dict which the people may think they deserve. Gentle-
men, I shall not.fail to convey to Earl Grey and my
colleagues an account of the reception you have been good
enough to give to the mention of their names, and per-
mit me to add that you have already given the best ex-
pression of your approbation in the selection which you
have made of at least one of your representatives, whose
only claim to that high honour is, that he has laboured
during his short political career for those measures which
Earl Grey, during the long course of his political life, has
endeavoured to carry into effect—whose only glory is to
have fought as a subaltern in those ranks where he com-
manded as a General.—(Cheers.) You have given at
once what is the surest proof cf your approbation of his
conduct, and which ever must be his best reward.—
(Cheers.) If I can add anything further on the present
gratifying occasion, it is this—that the expressions which
I have just used are those which Earl Grey himself con-
veyed to me—(Cheers)—tbe very same expressions which
I made use of when I had the honour of informing him of
your successful exertions and of the proud situation in
which I was placed. The Right Honourable Gentleman
sat down amidst most enthusiastic cheers from all parts
of the house.

The CHAIRMAN, after a short but pithy and eloquent
speech, next gave " The newly elected Members for the
borough of Manchester," with three times three cheers.
The toast was greeted and drank amidst loud cheers.
MARK PHILIPS, Esq., M.P., first presented himself
upon the table, amidst general plaudits, which continued
for some minutes. The Hon. Gentleman commenced a
speech of some length and great ability by thanking his
fellow townsmen for the cordial and highly flattering
manner in which they had been pleased to receive the
mention of his name. He acknowledged the importance
of the trust which their confidence bad reposed in him-_
a confidence which he should ever endeavour to deserve.--
(Cheers.) He felt the greatest embarrassment in address-
ing so vast an assembly ; but if anything could give him
consolation and confidence, it was the conviction that the
voice of a town like Manchester must elsewhere he heard
and attended to.—(Cheers.) One of the means of
carrying on the late system was to stifle the voice and
to suppress the indignation of such large communities
as that of Manchester ; but now, if he should feel like
David when setting out for the conflict, be should,
when backed by the power of their opinion, almost feel
the strength of a Goliab.—(Cheers.) Alr. Philips pro-
ceeded to observe, that he never for a moment doubted
but that victory would be theirs. It appeared to him
most extraordinary that the Tories should again think of
making Manchester the scene of triumph of their princi-
ples. He had no doubt that the Conservative party in
England had looked with the greatest anxiety to the con-
test in Manchester, and they had found public opinion had
set in against them as the Hopes of the Conservative party
here had been laid low.—(Cheers.) But still it was an
extraordinary thing that they should, in so gross a man-
ner, have miscalculated their resources in this town and
country in ',articular. The Tories appeared to him to
have forgotten one leading principle—whilst they simply
revolved on their own axis the rest of the world was pro-
gressing. They had been forewarned of their danger, for
if they had looked at their deserters, many of whose
opinions at one time were the essence of principles
propounded at Pitt clubs, it would have been seen that
they had joined the current lest they should be left
on the shore by the ebbing of the tide. It ap-
peared most extraordinary to him that the Conser-
vative party should have the folly and the audacity to
declare that Tory principles would yet prevail. Ile
believed that Toryism was now eclipsed, and that mere
higism, as contradistinguished from it, was fast sinking
beneath the political horizon ; and in proof of this he (Mr.
Philips) would merely carry back the recollection of those
around him to the recent scene at Newton. Here an indi-
vidual possessing great zeal,—one who had advocated
those principles of free trade which his (the speaker's)
Right Hon. Friend so nobly advocated, and who had af-
terwards been conspicuous for his attack on Lord Althorp
—he had said, in reference to the humble individual then
addressing the meeting, and to one of the present Members
for the county, that there was an attempt at exclusive
dealing, by taking two patterns out of one shop. Ile had
only to say himself of one of those patterns, he had never
paid domiciliary visits, he had never used personal solici-
tation, be had never kept barkers at his door to invite
customers to walk in and purchase. He could answer for
himself, and he could also answer for his friend ; but at
the same ohne he only expres.3ed the feelings of himself

and his friend when he said that they felt deeply—
' most deeply—the honour and distinction which had
been conferred upon them.—(Loud cheers.) That in-
discreet individual, too, had thought proper to attack
the religion of his friend Mr. Wood. And here he
(Mr. Philips) might be allowed to state that he professed
the same religious principles as his friend, and that no-
thing, during the progress of the election, had given him
more sincere gratification than the having met with the
support of gentlemen of every religious denomination.—
(Cheers.) He rejoiced at this, as an evidence of the
spread of that liberality on religious subjects which had
received such an impulse at the passing of the great Act
of Catholic emancipation. He rejoiced at the passing of
that Bill, but he believed the Tories contemplated the
event with a different feeling. Ever since that measure
‘145 carried Sir Robert Peel had stood before the world, '
lilts Peter Schleimel in the German novel, without his
shadow.—(Cheers and laughter.) The war-whoop of
intolerance might be raised by Mr. Holton and his
friends, but be (Mr. Philips) believed that neither in
that, own nor county would it find a responsive echo.
—(Cries of " No, no.") He was as much a friend
to religious as to civil lihertiea, and as such he should
give his best aid to remove the disabilities of the Jews.
—(Loud cheers.) As that meeting was entirely of a
festive character, it was not his (Mr. Philips's) intention
to trouble them with a long statement of his political opi-
nbins. The best explanation of them which he could
give was, that they were in unison with those of the gen
tlemen who surrounded him, and who had placed him in
thie situation he then held.—(Cheers.) But if to assist,
honestly and zealously assist, in the cure of abuses, the pro-
motion of economy, the removal of the burdens which
press so heavily on the industrious classes—the lessening
of taxation, the abolition of monopolies, the encourage-
ment of education, the abolition of the taxes on know-
ledge, the maintenance of peace, the restoration of pros-
perity and happiness among his fellow subjects, the re-
moval of the foul blot of slavery--(Loud cheers)—and to
destroy the name of " slave" in the British dominions—
if those views and determinations were considered good,
then he hop,d to be of some use to his constituents and to
his fellow countrymen ; and the conviction that he should
render them some benefit would be an ample reward for
those inconveniences consequent upon the duty he bad
undertaken.—(Loud applause.) He wished to say a few
words on the subject of pledges. Those he bad given he
had given freely, from a thorough conviction of their pro-
priety, and they were such as he would have demanded as
an elector. In giving those pledges be disclaimed any wish to
embarrass the Government. He wished it to be per-
fectly understood, that it was his full intention to
steer an independent course ; and that he would not be
the mere puppet of any Administration, any more than
he would submit, with all deference to the meeting, to go
to Parliament as a simple delegate, restricted entirely from
the use of his own judgment. Mr. Philips now proceeded
in an amusing strain to comment on the late hours at
which the legislation of the country was carried on, a
grievance which he should endeavour to have redressed.
He then passed to the condition of the working classes of
that district, and expressed his regret that when the Duke
of Wellington had visited Manchester a few years ago he
should have returned to Downing-street with so imperfect
an idea of the commercial and manufacturing system of
this town and neighbourhood. He (Mr. Philip.) was
not ashamed to confess that he gave him the humble
meed of his approbation for the passing of Catholic eman-
cipation, and other measures of a beneficial character; hut
there was one thing that he never failed to regret in con-
nexion with the visit alluded to, and that was, that the
Noble Duke had not made himself acquainted with
the wants and wishes and distresses of the manufac-
turing population. It was with pleasure, how-
ever, that he (Mr. Philips) saw before him then another
member of another Administration (Mr. Poulett Thom-
son), one who did not content himself with a superficial
view of our condition, but examined it thoroughly. When
he urea here a short time ago he (Mr. Philips) -took the
liberty 'of calling his attention to the desirableness of
visiting, not only the wealthy cotton-spinning establish-
ments, but to go and see the abodes of the hand-loom
weavers—(Lood cheers)—cot merely to see the lions of
the town, but to witness the scenes of distress which too
often presented themselves in this part of the country.
And he had urged his Right Hon. Friend to entreat every
other member of the Administration to visit this large
manufacturing district during the vacation, that they also
might make themselves acquainted with its actual state.
Theurring ag tin to the Tories, he would remark, that in
eonnexion with the Dutch war they had done all in their
power to excite a feeling in the country hostile to the pre-
sent Administration ; but the weakness of their agents
was such that he (Mr. Philips) did not believe they had
been enabled to enlist a single recruit under their banners ;
and he would say to them, as the Trojans said to the
Greeks when the latter wanted to present the former with
the wooden horse :
" Timeo Danaos et dona ferentes :"

his translation of which was—'. We are exceedingly obliged
to you for your offer, but you will not catch old birds with
straw."—(Loud laughter.) Before he sat down, he must
thank those individuals who, during the election, had come
forward so nobly and independently to offer their services
in the cause of Reform wherever they thought they were
wanted. He should return amongst them at the close of
the ensuing session of Parliament, and if the discharge of
his duties should not be satisfactory to a majority of con.
stituents, he would willingly give place to any individual
they might think more competent, and at once retire
into that station which had been called the post of
honour—he meant a private life. Before I sit down, said
Mr. Philips in conclusion, allow me to thank you for the
kindness with which I have been uniformly received, and
in the language ordinarily used in reference to the buil&
mg in which we now appear, I ask for your indulgence,
as this is my first appearance on this stage. Mr. Philips
resumed his seat amidst loud and general cheers.
Mr. POULETT TnoaisoN next mounted the table, and
his appearance there was the signal for the most deafen-
ing and astounding shouts of applause which it was ever
our lot to witness, accompanied with the waving of hats
and han,kerchiefs. After the applause, which was con-
tinued for some minutes, had subsided, and silence was
restored, the Right Hon. Gentleman proceeded to address
the meeting as follows :—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,
--There is no one here, I am sure, who will accuse me of
affectation when I say that I rise under feelings of the
greatest emotion. To address an assembly such as this,
comprising within it all that is most distinguished for
character, respectability, and liberal political principles in
this great metropolis of the commercial world, would be
to me at any time a task from which I should shrink, but
from the circumstances under which I now appear before
you, enhanced by the niann.r with which you have been
good enough to greet my entrance, I own that I rise under
feelings of emotions within me by which I am almost
overpowered, and which compel me to claim your greatest
and most kind indulgence.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, you
see in the perso❑ of the humble individual before you one
who now is about to address you for the first time,—one,
not like my Hon. Friend who has just addressed you, and
who is known to you from his childhood, but one personally
unknown, with two or three exceptions, to every gen-
tleman whom I have now the honour to address,—
one who ❑ever solicited your votes—(Cheers)—one who
never addressed a single elector, one who never tendered
to you his humble services, and yet one who stands before
you to-day in the proud situation of representative of
Manchester.—(Tremendous applause.) In that single
sentence you have alike the history of your triumph and
the sense of my exultation.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, no
eloquence, however great—no expressions, however touch-
ing—could give utterance to the one, or had I the power
of the other at command, could add force to that simple
fact.—(lmmense cheering.) If, Gentlemen, I venture to
congratulate you upon your triumph, no man will believe
me vain or presumptuous, since no man will believe that
I attribute any portion of your success to anything that
relates to myself personally.—(Cheers.) If I feel the
deepest gratitude for the kindness you have shown me,—
if feel the greatest satisfaction in the triumphant result of
your efforts,—if I feel deeply obliged for your exertions,—
it is because you have embodied in me the great principle
for which you contended ; it is because you have not
thought me unworthy to have my name associated with
the great cause in which you have fought, and because
you have permitted it to be enrolled in the glories of the
struggle in which you have been engaged.—(Loud cheers.)
I feel proud indeed to have my name inscribed upon the
base of the column which you have raised to celebrate
' your triumph, but I acknowledge that the pillar itself is
dedicated to the great cause of reform and of humanity—
(Loud cheering)....in which you have achieved a victory,

—(lmmense cheering.) So far, then, only am I per-
-1 sonally concerned in the triumph you have won, an! I may
be permitted, setting all personal considerations apart, to
congratulate you upon the successful termination of your
efforts. I may be permitted to congratulate you as an
humble labourer in the same cause in which you have
been engaged. I may c ‘ngratulate you as one of an Ad-
ministration whose exertions and efforts you have now
crowned with success—(lmmense cheering)—and as one
of your countryman whose honour and character, attacked
and maligned by an expiring faction, you have so noblyre.
deemed.—(Renewed applause, with waving of handker-
chiefs for some minutes.) Some few short months ago
you were not deemed worthy of the rights and privi-
leges of free men. We are told in those days that the
shrines of liberty were to be found only in the ditches of
Gatton and the heap of atones at Old Sarum.—(Renewed
applause.) In respect to these, Manchester wag deemed
unfit to send her representatives to the great council of the
nation; the talent, wealth, and industry which occupy
and surround this great amphitheatre were declared to be
unworthy of having a voice in the Government of the
country, and for what ? It was said, what could be ex-
pected from a constituency composed of little shopkeepers
and small attorneys ?—(Loud cheers and laughter.) What
would the ragged 101. constituency send into the councils
of the country ? Would not, on the one hand, sea a
constituency return some Tory Crenate; who, having
bought the votes, would sell the liberties of his country st
the shrine of corruption—(Cheers)—or, on the other hand,
some mad demagogue—(Renewed cheers)—who, by creat-
ing a delusion in -the, wrierat of -the people, would go there
to mar or impede the best efforts of the Legislature?
That was the language which we heard whilst we fought,
and successfully fought, the great battle of our country-
men. Gentlemen, you have nobly redeemed those assur-
ances which we gave for your characters.—(Lood cheers.)
You have dismissed the two extremes ; you have been led
away neither by the efforts of a faction—properly cha-
racterized by my Hen. friend sad Colleague as being in,
the agoniec of death,—and you have declined to give your
confidence to one whose high-sounding promises are his
only boast, and whose professions want the test of past
conduct.—(lmmense plaudits.) Gentlemen, you have
returned one, it is true, who cannot do justice to the call
except by his zeal ; but still one who, from his pest iife,
cannot be considered as likely to become an enemy to free-
dom, or an opponent to the advancement of our liberties
—Tremendous cheering)—one who, on the other hand,
from the situation which he fills, cannot be considered
likely to be the author of any rash projects which seek
change alone. Gentlemen, in the name of one who had
long fought these battles—in the name of one who had
to answer for what might have been the result of that
great measure for which he fought, and which was
successfully carried, permit me to offer ynu my thanks,
—not mine only, for they would be but little equal
to your kindness, but also the thanks of that body
of men with whom I had the, happiness in that
struggle, and have now the honour, to act.—(lmmense
applause.) But, Gentlemen, lam told already, that
while you have conferred upon me tha distinguished ho-
nour of being your representative, while selecting me upon
public grounds alone, unknown and unsoliciting, you have
done so on principles which are incompatible with those of the
Government with which I have the honour to be connected,
and which would place me is direct opposition to its mem-
bers. 2tich language, I well know, has been used with-
in the precincts of this great town. The answer that I
would give to those who dare thus to calumniate the Ad-
ministration to which 1 beloeg is one that not only I
would give, but which has received confirmation from one
far higher than I could ever hope to he in the councils of my
Sovereign, and one standing also still higher in the esteem
of his countrymen,—(Cheers.) The answer thus con-
firmed is this,—that no Government from which the con-
fidence of the people of such communities as Manchester,
according to the principles oia which its representation has
been conferred on me, is estranged can hope to stand in
this eountry, or, I will add, ought to stand,—(Tremend-
ous cheers.) Gentlemen, now 1001/4 to the principles upon
which I have been retuned by you. I appear to speak
them before you for the first time, though they ha‘e been
represented to you by my friends; and if those friends
were capable, as they are not, of speaking aught but
truth, where would be the man who has a right to com-
plain, should he be deceived, when they have only re-
ferred you to that which every mate may read as it
stands recorded? They have represented nothing to you
which it was net in your power to ascertain. Every act
of my public life stands in the history of letter years,
every vote of mine is before the public, and every speech
of mine may be found, read, and weighed, and if, Gentle-.
men, you have chosen me fur aught, save my past con-
duct, permit to say that you were not justified in so
doing.—(Loud cheers.) But what, Gentlemen, are those
principles—principles that I have ever advocated—princi-
ples upon which alone you could give me your support,
and on which alone I could consent to receive it ? No-
thing, save the advocacy of the only end of good govern
Entnt—the happiness of the many.—(General, loud, and
long-continued cheers.) To obtain a temperate, but
searching, reform of our institutions—to remove from the
face of the Church eitablislitnent of this country those
specks and deformities which disfigure its appearance and
injure its condition—to revive and extend our national in
dustry—to alleviate the burdens pressing upon the people
—to make the shackles fall from the limb of the slave—
Lbo describe the enthusiastic cheers which reverberated
from every part of the spacious but densely-crowded hall,
if it may be so called, is impossible. The applause con-
tinued for several minutes, and was followed by three
times three hearty cheers]---to give (resumed Mr. Thom-
son) that principle to representation which it should have,
and which, I trust, it has, but if not, it ought to have,
namely, the liberty for every man to give his vote consci-
entiously—(Loud and long-continued cheers, and general
shouts of " 'the ballot")—these, Gentlemen, are the
principles that I have ever advocated, humbly, but zea-
lously—these are the principles upon which I believe the
Reform Bill to have been founded, and for which I also be-
lieve it to he the end and the means. I believe that by the
Bill, as it now stands, we may obtain all these good ends;
but if there are any defects or deformities in that great
measure let them be examined—let them be looked
into—let them be amended.—(Long continued cheering.)
Gentlemen, I am aware that much misrepresentation has
gone ata-ond upon the subject of anal measures, but I can
attribute that to the watchful jealousy with which the
conduct of public men is justly scrutinized. Gentlemen,
I know not what is the meaning of final measures—(lrn-
roense cheering)—l know of no bounds for the march of
improvement; I know of no limits which the course of
human intelligence has to meet with ; I know of no power
to send back the tide of civilization, or to make the spring.
of human improvement stagnate at their very source—
(Loud cheers)—and 1 feel satisfied, that as the course of
years roll on, if the wants or the advanced intelligence of
the community require any change, in the course of legis-
lation that has been entered upon, it will be for human
wisdom and sagacity assembled, and collected as it ought
to be, legitimately and orderly in the peat councils of the
nation, to proclaim those wants and suggest those inapt ove-
ments. But, Gentlemen, when I say thus much, I muse
add, that I should be the first to regret that any unneces-
sary change should be introduced into any legislative mea-
sures, or that we should waste time, which could be so
much better employed, by cavilling about that which is
but a means to an end.—(Cheers.) I conceive that it is
our duty, as good patriots and subjects, to take that course
which may go to reform those abuses which are most
grievous—to look into and amend those evils which are
acknowledged to be crying, rather than to dispute among
ourselves about remedies for evils that are at least not
proved. Upon one matter connected with the system of
representation—l mean the subject of secret suffrage—a?)
opinions are well known.—(Cheers.) I was one who, in
early times, when it was unfashionable to be a Reformer,
advocated in my place that principle, and to that principle
I remain unchanged.—(Tremendous applause.) But I ant
prepared to say, that unless a strong case be made out,
and that circumstances transpired showing the necessity 01
its adoption, not I, for one, should be willing to emplo)
my time, and that of the Legislature, to introduce that
system, whilst I can conceive that we have in our bands
the instrument to effect greater and much more substan-
tial Reforms. lam one of those who would equally b.
prepared to resist a principle, however good I admit it,
that might, in my opinion, be brought forward withoe,
necessity, so as to interfere with greater and more pressitl
objects. Gentlemen, what are the objects to which tht
attention of the Legislature must be called ? For upwards
of four years past, two great questions have attracte,
the whole attention of the Legislature, and therefor,
it has been that none of the other subjects have been

perioitted to be ioirotkeed.,-(Loud cheers.) Mar
I cast my eyes over the wide field for improve-
ment which presents itself to the Legislature I find much
tl,at presses upon our attention, and ample employment
for the early and most zealous efforts of the Government
and the Parliament. I believe,—.and who will doubt it ?
looking to the returns which have been made of represen-
tatives,—that there will be within it men willing to devote
their hest attention to all those great subjects—(Cheers)—
and who will see them in a liberal light, and will lend a
willing hand in aid of the Government, or will force on
the Government such measures of Reform that itself might
be unwilling to originate. Gentlemen, if you look to the
condition in which the great question of the Church now
stands, every man must see that some measures ~t Retoim
"* establishment are imperatively demanded. We
-.,dition of Ireland—(Cheers)—distracted by
-,rtion of the population rnadch.ne.4 to
'-'eases and language of gzi_
' -n--another portion
`-nrn them the
into

in tb..
turn to the cua
party feelings--one pa.
violence by the exciting aua.
tators, who delude and betray the..
struggling to resist the attempt to wrest ;la.
power which, for a century, they have converts,
and find thellotad ls same the
Church
tyranny—(Cheers)—who can Fee this state of chinas,
w.....igpha.nrhrantewoiepdacpnphtheseynorirst:ydwhys
shall
l islranc(seLio:t
uh
de Whichc
cheers.)
e eus
res.in
exists avvol
ni aeena
thet
w question
turnmeasuret too fE
tttlahiftrneehdegeeibin6enpttr
first
prevailing
becausetahhoilr
diiiennhgegr,
prevailsott bat
nsdele4t:
i highernte
nhenainsnntsl ;co,
:en:::
intelligence,nhamyye ettl ehhfna:
!ion, not lighting up the Fame flame, bat burning with an
f stn,
in the establishment ?—(Cheers.) Some kind of reform
ly in
Ireland but in Eaghind must necessarily be submitted to
the Legislature, and will demand its early and most atten-
tive consideration. But, Gentlemen, does this single ques-
tion stand alone ?--on the contrary, two great measures of
vast commercial importance equally press nn our attention.
That commercial monopely now so long enjoyed by the
East India Company- .(Lond applause)--a monopoly in
my heart I believe affecting none more than the vast body
or commercial men I have the honour now to address,__.
calls loudly for revisioti—(Cheers)—and the voice of the
B4tCla applause,)rter an 91
people of England may he considered to join in the demand.
—(Loud
Thethe question of
.ttebnel roefnteries.l
.ofwtrhve.
must be considered and finally decided on in the coming
Session.—(Cheers.) Than this question, none requires a
more attentive end careful consideration in the closet
of all the great principles connected with it on the part of
those who have to decide it, Standing yet before the
country tinder circarnstances which renders it immediately
necessary for consideration, is another subject which comes
home to the hearts of more people within this realm than
any other requiring strict attention and grave delibera-
tion, and yet effecting and agitating the feelings of the
grass mass of the community. What, Gentlemen, sha I I
say of the great subject of slavery ?_(lmmense cheering.)
I believe in that as in every other question, true policy and
true morality will be found to go together, and no man
will deny to me that that subject, as well as those I have
before mentioned, demands and must receive, the earliest
attention of the Legislature.--(Loud cheers.) But, Gen-
tlemen, are there no reforms connected with our commer-
cial pursuits and the fiscal relations of this country which
likewise demand early attention ? How long ought to
continue the present system of corn laws?—(Cheers.)
Abandoned even by its most zealous supporters, the sys-
tem stands almost exploded, and a change must be made
now that the commercial communities of this country
have representatives in the councils of the nation.--
(Cheers.) How many other subjects are there, Gentlemen,
which might have formed a history for many a former
session, yet remaining to be brought forward under the
consideration of Parliament ? Is the present condition of
the education of the people to remain unimproved, or are
the lower glasses to be left to the gratuitous instruction of
individuals ? We have given, or endeavoured to give, to
the people that power to which they were entitled—the
power of choosing their representatives; and if we wish
to preserve this country from the abuse of that power, we
must adard them the means of exercising it wisely._.
(Cheers.) I know of no means by which so desirable and
important an end is to be obtained except by the intro-
duction of some regulated system of education which shall
place instruction within the scope of the lowest of the
people. My Hon. Friend and Colleague has alluded to
another great question—the condition of the working
classes. I can assure him and you, that it has not, and
never can, escape my attention as your representative, or
that of the Government.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I have
now run through the long list of subjects, any one of
which is sufficient to occupy for some time the attention
of the Legislature, and with reference to which I believe
you may uonfide in the Government of the country--
(Tremendous applause)--determined as they are zealously
and earnestly to do their duty to the country L--( Cheers)
but to undertake them well they must be taken sucees..
sively, and be well and duly considered; amendments
must be carefully and scrupulously weighed and fairly
discussed. Tn be good for anything they must be fully
complete and perfect, for I am satisfied, Gentlemen, that
none of you would think the better of any Government
who should come down and throw pell-mell before the
Legislature of the country subjects of such importance RS
those I have ventured to name to you ; and I am con-
vinced that there is not one amongst you who, when
he saw the character of the first measure introduced
by the Government showing a determinstien to go
to the root of all abuses, and their conviction of the
necessity of searching into them, would not continue
to place confidence in that Government, though we
should resist improper, because inopportune, introduction
of other measures. Gentlemen, as you have evidence of
the sincerity of the Government on one great measure, I
trust you will give your confidence to them in their mode
of carrying these changes into effect. I trust that no im-
patience will actuate you, that no assumption of insincerity
will ar se in your minds, because you may see the Go_
verntnent of this country refuse to pledge itself to one
hundred great measures at once, but which will endeavour
to fix its attention and that of the ensuing Parliament
upon two or three which press most.—(Loud cheers.)
Gentlemen, we see for the first time in the history of this
country, or in any history that I have read, a Government
which does possess, and I feel it, the confidence of the
great majority of the nation.—(Loud cheering.) Depend
upon it, such a Government, actuated by the fear of losing
the confidence of their country, is far more likely to set
honestly and consistently than one which has not that
confidence to lose.---(Loud applause.) Gentlemen, then
blame them not if they should not go so far as those who,
unacquainted with the tardiness of legislative proceed-.
tugs, would wish. Believe me, Gentlemen, that in not
withdraa ing their confidence from the Government, the
people will be far more likely to obtain that which, I be-
lieve, is their first desire—an energetic, but, at the same
time, temperate and well considered Reform in every
branch.—(Great applause.) Gentlemen, my ex-
cellent friend, our worthy Chairman, has done me the
honour, in proposing my health as one of your rept esenta-
tives, to allude to that political principle to which 1 save
always lent my best advocacy—the advocacy ref liberal
principles of commercial dealing.--(Loud cheers.) I
have, Gentlemen, been for years exposed to all the shafts
that mal ce or ignorance could point against me for the
devotion I have ever shown to those principles. I have
teen milked by every Tory blockhead— (Cheers and
laughter)—ignorant of the most common principles o
commerce—men whom not any of you would receive
within your counting houses, even in the most menial ea-
pacity—(Renewed laughrer)—by men ignorant of any of
the great principles a hich have not only been eloquently
developed in this country, but have since been put to the
practical test of experience, I have been exposed to every
species of attack and vituperation. I have seen myself
accused as a hard-hearted theorist—a cold-blooded politi-
cal economist, willing to sacrifice at the shrine of his own
fancy the best interests of his country. I have had it •
wrung into my ears in speeches repeated ad nauseam and
by the public press; but, Gentlemen, I base stood erect,
and notwithstanding the violence which assailed me, still
I have resisted it.—(lmmense applause.) Gentlemen, the
confidence which you, the electors of this great commercial
metropolis of the world, have reposed in me, unsought
and unsolicited—an honour which I had never hoped to
obtain, and which I never could have sought to achieve.,
is the most convincing and irresistible answer to at-
tacks of this kind and character. You, Gentlemen, have
thrown around me a harrier in which I can proudly stand
and defy the attacks of the ignorant, and the scoffs and
calumnies of the malicious. You have conferred on me
an honour which has rendered me impenetrable to any
thing which may come from such a source. With a
shield on my arm on which stands engraved the word
" Manchester" I can encounter my assailants ; as, in-
deed, I did before with trepidation, but now with confi.
tense.—(lmmense cheering and waving of handkerchiefs
for several minutes.) But what, Gentlemen, I may now
isk, are the principles which I have thus ever advocated ?
They are the most perfect freedom of exchange—a fair
field for our industry, and no restrictions beyond what
ter our fiscal purposes are necessary—(Cheers)—in eve
-entence, to buy as cheap and to sell as dear as possible.
( Great applause.) Gentlemen, we have made some pro-
4tesa, I will not say a great progress, towards removing
some of the paltry Legislation by which the industry of
this country has been so long oppressed. We begin,
as we were justified, cautiously and slowly, and there-
lore prudently 174 t NM?. bAII attended our effor
