o.gio
- IN4
_Nr
v A..

Zfn 11.11,4

LONDON:
THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1839.

The Lords behaved yesterday like Lords, and did no
Legislative work.
Mr. O'CONNELL, in the Commons, gave notice that
on going into Committee of Supply on Monday he will
move an Address to find out the best means of com-
munication between London and Dub:in.
Mr, POULETT THOMSON, in answer to Mr. BAINES,
stated that it was the intention of Government to send
a gentleman of commercial abilities to watch over the
interests of this country at the approaching meeting of
the parties forming the German Commercial Lt ague.
Lord PALMERSTON assured Lord SAN DON that Go-
vernment had not lost sight of those who had claims
on the Government of Portugal. The Noble Lord
obtained leave to bring in a Bill to suppress the Por-
tuguese Slave Trade.
Sir JOHN Hosnoust stated, also in answer to Lord
SANDON, that the Government has paid attention to
the recommendations of the Commissioners with respect
to the monopoly of salt in India.
On the House going into a Committee on the Me-
tropolitan Police Bill, Mr. HUME asked whether Lord J.
RUSSELL would consent to take an annual vote for the
peace as for the army and navy. Ile asked this from
seeing that the police were ordered about like the
armed force. Lord JOHN RUSSELL declined to do sn ,
and on Mr. H UME inquiring how, and when, he could
bring the question before the House for discussion, was
answered he had better move for leave to bring in a
Bill to repeal the Police Act.

----Air. DUNCOMBE referred to the accounts published
n the Morning Chronicle of the proceedings of the
police at Birmingham, and inquired if they were
true. Lord JOHN RussELL could only say that
they differed from tl:e accounts which he had received.
We hope that some investigation will take place into this
business before Parliament separates. Properly do the
members of the Convention complain that till now no
questions have been asked in Parliament on the subject.
They remark, justly, that before the Reform Act they
could find some of the middle clas,;es, and some represen-
tatives, to take up the cause of the people—now they
are wholly outcasts from the Legislature. It is our duty
solemnly and repeatedly to warn thn Legislature and
the Government that feelings are grossing up which
will either destroy the I Constitution, or b. stifled in
conflagration and bloodshed. Lord J. RUSSELL does
not believe that any person has been wounded since the
1 ii •-f- day, but he believes that the people congregate d in I
r.,,

great numbers, and endeavoured to induce the coil ers '
to come armed into the town, but were dispersed by
the police. Our society appears approaching very fst
to that of Jamaica, and one class will soon be oblig-d
to keep the other in obedience—that is slavery—by the
bayonet and the bludgeon,
On the Bill being re-committed, Mr. HUME objected
to the Money Clause, because the police was now
employed by the Crown without any control being ex-
ercised over it by Parliament, and divided the Com-
mittee on the clause ; 2.i Members voted with him and
72 against him. The House was occupied the whole
night with this Committee, and most of the clauses of
the Bill were debated over and over again. The Com-
mittee, on the motion of Mr. WAKLEY, divided on the
clause for augmenting the salaries of the Commissioners
of Police, but only seven Members voted for his amend-
ment. Several other divisions took place without much
good effect. One pharisaical clause was rejected on the
motion of Mr. CLAY.

T'ne Bill, we are bound to say, seems a jumble
of more arbitrary and oppressive petty enactments
than ever passed the British House of Commons
since one of our Monarchs undertook to regu-
late the size and shape of her subjects' garments.
We are already a priest-ridden and a lawyer-ridden
people, and very soon, if we go on in our present
career, we seem likely to become a police-ridden people.
GOD help us, for we seem resolved not to help our-
selves. The House was employed discussing the
clauses of this Police Bill till past Two o'Clock.

The meeting at the Mansion House yesterday
will teach the financiers of both parties that they
must establish a Uniform Penny Postage. Let but
the example of the City be followed, as we hope it
will be, and the result cannot be doubtful. Not
one of the speakers, and they were all men of busi-
ness, entertained the least doubt that the great
increase of corrrespondence would prevent any
material falling off in the revenue. Mr. LARPENT
pointed out the fact that a considerable sum would
be paid in advance by the purchase of a stock of
stamps. Mr. DILLON quoted several examples of
the evasion of postage under the present law. Mr.
TRAVERS dwelt on the tendency of evading
the Post-office charges to corrupt the morals
of all classes. The LORD MAYOR, whu will
surely hereafter be called the wise and the good
LORD MAYOR, reminded the meeting that no ex-
cuse of deficiency of revenue was suffered to
stand in the way of abolishing or reducing the du-
ties on leather, soap, salt, &c., and lie might
have added, abolishing the income tax, when the
landowners resolved to accomplish that. But all
these gentlemen insisted that when the question
concerned such a great moral and social improve.
ment, revenue ought not to be thought of ; and if
any sums were wanted for the real service of the
State, or even for the wasteful extravagance of the
Government, they must be asked for from Parlia-
ment. Well did Mr. DILLON Say—
Let the meeting recommend the Government at once
to act with a bold prudence—with a wise temerity—and
if there was a deficiency, to s upply it.—( Cheers. )
It was a novel situation for a Chancellor of the
Exchequer to be in, to have to devise taxation, , not
for war—not for the purposes of avarice or ambition—
not to spread far and wide scenes of bloodshed and dis-
order, but for the diffusion of intelligence—for the pur-
poses of knowledge and truth and social improvement.
—( Loud cheers.) It was to be hoped that this great
subject could be discussed on enlarged principles—that
it would not be tampered with for any paltry purpcse of
place—(Cheers)—not sacrificed for any paltry purpose
of opposition.--( Loud cheers.) On this national question
there would be neither Whig nor Tory, Radical nor Con-
servative--but all must zmlously combine.—( Cheers.)
(Cheers.) Let not party spirit enter into it.—( Cheers)
—it was a banquet spread for the whole nation. Let not the
harpies of discord descend upon that holy feast. —( Cheers.)
Let men of all creeds, all sects, all parties in this good
cause, heartily unite—(Cheers)—in the cause of science, of
education, of religion—( Cheers)—the cause of domestic
intercourse and national improvement.—( Cheers.) The
Post. office was to all of us open ; to all of us, therefore,
it was deeply interesting that the Post-office should be well
and economically managed.—( Cheers. )
We strongly recommend Mr. RICE to study this,
and study the whole proceedings of the meeting ;
and he will then, we think, come to the conclusion,
that the uniform penny postage must be adopted
whether any pledge he given by the House of Com-
mons or not. We further recommend him, there-
fore, not to daily with the matter, or he will not, and
Sir R. PEEL will, have the credit of accomplishing
it. We thought his statement on Friday was an
invitation to oppose his plan, and the eagerness
with which Sir ROBERT PEEL accepted his invi-
tation, ought to convince him that he committed a
great mistake. Has it occurred to him that Sir
ROBERT envies him very much his present chance,
and is himself • extremely anxious to immortalize
his own name by connecting it with a great social
improvement more lasting than " PEEL'S Bill ?" Let
Mr. RICE not lose an excellent opportunity of ef-
fecting a great good, and leave it to be performed by
the Tories. We admit that his plan was nearly all
we expected of it, that it does credit to the Ministry,
and we cannot comprehend why he should have
impeded it by dwelling on the difficulties it would
encounter, and exaggerating the losses it would
cause. It is his duty, we admit, to take care of
the revenue, but be cannot now require to learn
that the only excuse for levying a particle
of revenue is that it is for the public good ;
and when any branch of the revenue, like that
now collected on carrying letters, which the
best authorities have condemned as a source of
revenue, is injurious to the public, it is his duty to
abolish it. He may implicitly trust the House of
Commons and the people, who have shown too
great a readiness to raise a large revenue, to make
up any deficiency caused by the establishment of a
uniform penny postage. By now boldly carrying his
own plan into effect he will secure power for his party,
and prevent Sir ROBT. PEEL from making such a
reform the first act of his next Administration.
If Mr. RICE on Friday should be luke-warm on
this subject, dnd resolve on maintaining the reve-
nue at all hazards, he will betray his own friends,
without securing for himself the character of an able
financier.

We have given in tinother part. of The Sun the
observations in the Times of yesterday, and in the
Spectator of Sunday last, on the Shannon Bill.
We are well-wishers to the improvement of Ireland,
but we dislike jobs of all kinds, and we, therefore,
as impartial Journalists, feel it our duty to call at-
tention to Mr. RICE'S effrontery in palming this
Limerick rffair on the country, to the injury of the
Administration of which he, unfortunately for the
Liberal cause, has too long formed a part.
The affair appears to us the more glaring, when
we consider that. it is not many da)s since Mr.
RICE had the assurance to persist in his
opposition to a second resolution of the
House of Commons in favour of the shippinc'
class of Danish claimants, who had a just debt
against the Treasury, into whose coffers the money
for their indemnification had been paid thirty-two
years ago.
The minute on the subject of these claims has, we
understand, just passed the Treasury, and will, no
doubt, judging from the private instructions which
Mr. RICE acknowledged having given to the Com-
missioners on a former occasion, turn out another
attempt to shuffle the claimants out of their just
rights.

-If the House of Commons will tamely submit to
the passing of such jobs, on the olie blind, and such
conteinpt of the privileges of Parliament on the
other, it is high time that a reform should take
place, and the people have representatives who
would_ see justice more impartially and effectually
administered.

The Morning Post, which on Tuesday dis-
charged its masked battery of disloyalty against the
QUEEN, yesterday opened its slanderous fire
upon the Ladies of the Bedchamber, warned, doubt-
less, if not alarmed, by the hints given it by a
Contemporary of its own kidney, that it was doing
no service to their common cause by the course it
was pursuing. The Times insinuates that the
Post is acting the part of a tool in the hands of
other parties in thus pertinaciously keeping up the
discussion of a subject which the relatives of the
unfortunate Lady FLORA HASTINGS, the persons
principally concerned, must now wish to be no longer
agitated. In this insinuation there is a mixture of
truth and falsehood. It is quite true that the
Morningi
t it s Peloustalilsy u a tool—that every body knows—
but
an ancient when it tre thatgrudge"t the Times is merely
male-
volently endeavours to mislead the public as
to the quarter from which the Post receives
its orders. The whole affair has been made
a party business from the becrinnino• ; and the
unprincipled prompters of the6scandal-mongering
print care nut a whit to what lengths they go, pro-
vided they can turn it to account, by gratifying
their factious malignity, or venting their vindictive
spite towards the highest Personage in the realm,
whose unpardonable crime it is that she rejected
their services on constitutional grounds. The
oracle of Printing-house-square sees clearly enough

the damage which the cause of the Tory party "
must sustain by these attacks upon the SOVEREIGN,
and he is therefore' anxious that they should not be
attributed to their true cause. This is the reason
why he puts the public on a wrong scent.
So far does the Morning Post carry its extrava-
gance on this " awful subject," as to charge the
Ladies of the Court and Sir JAMES CLA RKE, with
little less than the murder of Lady FLORA HAST-
INGS. Can anything be more atrocious than the
spirit in which the following passage in yesterday's
number of that Journal is Penned :
" What the Ladies who constitute the daily
society of the Queen of ENGLAND, and the
Physician to whose care her Majesty's health and
life are entrusted, have done, the solemn procession,
passing before us while we write, may suffice to tell.
The friends of these Ladies and of this Physicia❑
say that they are not to blame. Who, then, is to
blame ? Why do they not name the offender ?
Is it pretended that no blame has been incurred, no
fault committed, no harm done ? Alas T. the sad
obsequies of the victim are moving before our eyes,
and supply to those questions a melancholy reply."
This slanderous venom is spurted out, too, with
as much impudence as if the writer were utterly
unconscious that it was at variance with what he
wrote only the day before. On that day he told
his readers that the " friends of these Ladies and of
this Physician" were giving it out every where that
the QUEEN was the sole " offender ;" yet the
brainless hack asks why these persons do not name
the offender. This, at least, serves to show that
be was himself the father of the lie against her Ma-
jesty. Let us, moreover, remind him and his em-
ployers that it is possible that an error, if not afault,
may be committed, and harm done, without blame
being incurred.

TO make our readers fully acquainted with the
sentiments of the Times, which are at once a vindi-
cation of the Court and a showing up of the ma-
lignity of the Tories, we insert our Contemporary's
remarks in estenso.

We perceive by the Votes that Mr. GOULBURN
last night gave notice that he would to-morrow
oppose the bringing up the Report for a Uniform
rate of Postage of One Penny, on the ground
that the Revenue cannot afford it. In other
words, the Tories are resolved to act like the
dog in the manger, because they have not the
golden opportunity of granting this great boon
to the public, they will not (if possible) allow
others to do it. Even if carried—as carried it will
be--in the Commons, the Tory Lords intend to
throw the measure out. They have the power—
but, let them use it—that's all.
One thing is clear, that the Commons must send
the Bill up, backed by as strong a majority as the
friends of good government, and the universal inte-
rests of the country can muster. The Penny
Postage is not for the benefit of a faction, but for
the welfare of all parties—the country at large.

The termination of the trial of the Paris prisoners by
the Ceurt of Peers on Monday evening, is the only in-
telligence of any interest in the Paris Journals of Tues-
day. The President announced that on Wednesday
their Lordships would meet to pronounce sentence, so
that the fate of the accused was not known.

The Chamber of Deputies sat on Tuesday, and
adopted several local and individual projects of laws.
The Madrid Journals received are of the 2d inst.
They bring advices from the frontier of the defeat of a
strong division of the Carlists under FORCADELL, near
Lucena, on the 25th ult. The Christinos were com-
manded by General FRANCISCO NARVAEZ, who led the
attack in person. CABRERA was reported to be pre-
sent. The Carlist cavalry were cut in pieces, and the
rebels driven with great slaughter from all their posi-
tions around Alcora and Lucena.

In imitation of INIAROTO, the Carlist Genaral Count
D'ESPAGNE, has recently shot 20 Carlist officers for
alleged treason.

BOURSE.—Pmas, TUESDAY, JULY 9.
First Highest lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents HI 85 ... 11185 ... 11180 ... 1.1 SO
4;4 per Cents lO6 ... 106 ... 1,6 ... 103
4 per tents .......
3 per Cents 79 GO ... 79 60 ... 79 53 .. 79 60
Bank of trance
Belgian 5 per Cents 1024 ... 1021 j; ... 102!4 ... i 02%
3 per Cents 72 20 ... '72 20 ... 72 20 ... 72 20
Bank 7t.5 ... '770 ~_ 770 ... 779
Coupons
Spanish Ac ive l9 ... 19 ... 19 ... 19
Passive 4U ... 414 ... 41A
New olitan O9 70 ... 99 70 ... 911 70 ... 9J 70
Roman... ........... ......—. ...
RAILWAY SkiAltß..
St. cermaits .. . ...... ........ 610 ...1110 ' ... 8(0 ... 610
Versailles, R. 1t'..... 6lO ... 641 ' ... 610 ... 040
L.B. 2BO ... 36) ... 281 ... 297 50
Havre .......... 975 ..... 075 ---.. 972 50 . 972 50

Orleans
Strasburg to Bate 23, s') 290 297 5,0

Brussels, Dutch, and German papers of the latest
dates have beer. received. The latter bring advices
fr4m tic frontiers of Servia, which leave no doubt as to
Russia being at the bottom of the late revolution in that
province. The EMPEROR will shower honours upon all
who were most active in removing the faithful Vassal of
the Porte, Prince Almosen, from 'the poVernment,
There is no new's in the Brussels and Dutch Papers.

Letters from Constantinople of the 19th ult. repre-
sent the recovery of the SULTAN as almost hopeless.
In addition to an internal complaint of long standing,
his Highness is supposed to have ruptured a blood-
vessel while under the influence of choler produced by a
note from the French Ambassador, dissuading him from
attacking MEHEMET ALL Since that period he has
expectorated blood in quantities so great as frequently
to alarm his attendants. The heir to the Ottoman
Throne is a young man about nineteen years of age,
brought up in that seclusion common to Princes of the
Osmanlis dynasty, of whose notions of Government
nothing can be known before his assumption of the Im-
perial and Pontifical authority ; hence the indisposition
of Manmoun is an affair of more than ordinary interest.
But the SULTAN'S illness has not in the least cooled his
ardour for war. On the contrary, be has expressed him-
self indifferent to the protraction of his life after seeing
MEHEMET ALL and his son in chains before him. The
recovery of Egypt and Syria would reconcile him to the
loss of Greece, and enable him to transmit an unbroken
sceptre to the future High Priests of Islamism.
Since the last advices from Constantinople the SULTAN
has diffused great joy among the inhabitants by the pro-
mulgation of a Firman abolishing the Government mo-
nopoly of bread, and the house-tax imposed for defraying
the expenses of quarantine establishments. His Highness
has moreover commanded that to all persons who have
paid the house-tax, the sums paid by them shall be
returned on application to the Imperial Treasury.
To this intelligence from Constantinople, we may add
the following extracted from the Piedmont Gazette, re-
lative to the progress of events in Syria and Egypt :
" Having heard that Hafiz Pacha had advanced to Tsir,
and had occupied several villages, distributing arms to the
populace, and publishing proclamations, Ibrahim left
Aleppo for Tel el Kbair, on the 29th of May. On the
sth or 6th of June, it appears that Ibrahim evacuated Ain-
tab, which was immediately occupied by the Turks under
Soleiman Pacha. The following day there bad been a
slight skirmish between some of the cavalry of the two
armies. On the Bth, Ibrahim, according to the orders
from Mehemet Ali of the 4th, sent the following letter to
Hafiz Pacha, demanding an explanation of his hostile
movements.

" IBRAHIM PtCHA TO HAFIZ PACHA, COMMANDER-IN-

CHIEF OF TILE OTTOMAN ARMY.

"In consequence of the despatches addressed by the
Great Powers to their respective Consuls-General resi-
dent at Alexandria, I am convinced that they do not ap-
prove of war, and that his Highness our most puissant
Master partakes of their sentiments in this respect. Ne-
vertheless, Ist, Soleiman Pacha, Pacha of Marasei, has sent
a body of cavalry to attack ours which was at Bulanech-
2d, Your Excellency has sent Mislik Bey with a-corps of
Curds to Paia, for the purpose of inciting the population
to revolt-3d, Haigi Omer Ogle has been sent with
the same object to Kurde Dagh-4th, You have at-
tacked on our territory our 11,-nedis with your cavalry,
regular and irregular-sth, You have distributed arms
to tee inhabitants of villages in the province of Aintab,
while Soleiman Paella has entered that town, and persists
in maintaining himself there up to this time. Besides
this, your Excellency yesterday made an excursion with a
corps of regular cavalry up to the neighbourhood of our
encampments, and your artillery fired on the Henedis of our
advanced posts. Up to this day I have suffered these at-
tempts without offoring any hostile movement in op-
position to them, because I am persuaded that
hostilities aro contrary to the wish of our Sublime
Master, not less than to the views and principles of
the great European powers. My state of inaction,
therefore, is to be attributed oily to my desire of conform-
ing to the will of our august Master. If, however, on
your side you have orders to begin the war, of what good
are all these menaces, all these intrigues? In this case,
let your Excellency present yourself openly on the field of
battle !—Your Excellency has no doubt not forgotten that
you will find those men who know not fear, and who will
net allow of these proceedings going on. Having taken
the liberty of writing to you, I send you the Colonel of
Artillery, Mahrnoud Boy, to beg of your Excellency to
give me a candid and positive answer."

CARLOW ELECTION COMMITTEE

(THIS DAY.)

TRIUMPH OF MR. GISBORNE.
The Committee this morning decided that the vote of
Patrick Barry was a good one, and must be placed upon
the poll. This has the eff,:ct of:unseating Colonel Bruen,
as it places Mr. Gisborne in a majority of one.
We are happy to find that Mr. Gisborne, the Liberal
candidate, has just been declared the sitting Member.

LORD HOYDEN.--We learn with deep reipet
that this much respected Nobleman continues in a very
precarious state of health, and it is painful to stafe that
gting
for some days past his Lordship hal experienced no favour-
able change, nor is there any symptom Indic the
probability of his restoration.
