EXTRACT.

LONDON EVENING NEWSPAPERS.
The Stm...Dec. 1837 102,000
Jan. 1838 lll,OOO
Feb. 1838 96,000
Mar. 1838 lll,OOO

Slandard...Dec. 18:37 78,000
Jan. 1838 105,000

Feb. 1838 lOO,OOO
Mar. 1838 lOO,OOO

Globe Dec. 1837 72,000
Jan. 1838 90,000
Feb. 1838 72,000
Mar. 1838 72,000

f:ouricr Dec. 1837 31,000
Jan. 1838 39,000
Feb. 1838 33,000
Mar. 1888 33,000

420,000

383,000

306,000

136,000

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
Morning 30 minutes after 8 I Evening 2 minutes after 9

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The wishes of " A Constant Reader" at Norwich shall be attended to.

Ms publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON:
FRIDAY EVENING, JUNE 15, 1833.

Before the establishment of the two Great School
Societies in this country, it is well known that the
state of education was most defective, and many per-
Bop, imagined that the voluntary system pursued by these
and other useful Institutions would at all events abate, if
not root up, the !evil. All who take an interest in this
great question, however, will be distressed to find, from the
discussion on Mr. WYSE'S motion, that whatever has
hitherto been done is as nothing compared to the
wants of the people, and they will be still more dis-
tressed to find, that Government hold out no hopes
of encouragement to the plans of either Lord BROUGHAM
or Mr. WYBE. Mr. SLANEY, a good authority on this
subject, stated, that in the metropolis only one in twenty
of the population receive any education at all, and in
the manufacturing districts not one in thirty. Mr.
CLAY said, in the district of Bethnal-green, out of
fourteen thousand children, only two thousand had the
benefit of a common education. Mr. BROTHERTON in-
formed the House, that in the borough which he re-
presented, there were not less than seven thousand chil-
dren totally destitute of any means of education, and
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, improving upon these statistical
statements, added that, instead of one in three, only one in
four received any education ; and that, from the returns
made by chaplains of gaols, it was ascertained that many
persons confined for serious offences were without the
simplest elementary instruction. Could it be supposed
beforehand ;that any:country, abounding in such wealth
and in so many educational charities as England,
would exhibit such a picture as this drawn by
the Home-Secretary ? His Lordship was evidently
ashamed of the inferiority of England in this
respect, and expressed himself in a manner which at first
would lead the public to believe that some great measure
must be adopted for wiping out the disgrace. Ho thought
it " the duty of Parliament and of the State to give full
encouragement to education generally, and considering the
various means at their disposal—that the income of the
Church was very considerable—that they had charitable
foundations of large amount—and, considering the wealth
of the country generally, he thought they ought not
to permit the education of the people to remain in the
low and inferior state in which it at present existed."
He admitted the evil to the fullest extent. He
thought the country required means of education which
neither the School Societies nor the State provided, and
after such a prologue, the friends of education would
naturally expect a corresponding epilogue, but miserable
will be their disappointment when they learn, that "he
was not prepared to state any means by which Parlia-
anent could be called on to aid the work of edu-
cation beyond what they had already done, and
that he would rather wait for some greater agree-
ment among the chief promoters of education than
agree to the address?" Who, after this, will smile at the
rustic waiting till the river flowed by ? If Government
wait till Sir ROBERT INGLIS and Mr. COLQUHOUN come
to an agreement with Mr. WYSE and Mr. BAINES, they
may wait till doomsday. Would any- Reform have been
carried had such a principle been acted on ? Yet here it
is laid down in discussing a question far more important to
the peace of the community, the security of the Constitu-
tion, and the present and future happiness of our fellow-
creatures, than any that was ever brought before Parlia-
ment. Lord BROUGHAM, and all the friends of eduCa-
tion, now know that at present they can expect no assist-
ance, and must trust only to themselves.

We direct the attention of our readers to a report, in
another column, under the head of " Sunday News-
papers," of the dismissal, by Sir PETER LAURIE, Of an
information filed against Air. Alderman HARMER, the
liberal and energetic proprietor of the Weekly Dispatch,
for the alleged offence of publishing that journal on Sun-
day. The informer in this instance, as in several others
relative to the 'Weekly Press, was the Reverend
HERBERT SMITH, a gentleman whose pastoral solicitude
kindly extends from the paupers of the New
Forest Union Workhouse, to the editors, proprietors,
and venders of 'the Metropolitan Sunday Journals.
We of course impute no unworthy motive to the
Reverend guardian of Cockney Sabbath morals ; although
well prepared to show that he might employ his time
better, and do more credit to his sacred ministry, than by
• figuring as an informer against questionable offences at the
different. London Police-offices. The clergyman who rests
his claim to a perfect independence--even of the smiles or
frowns of the Government—on the possession of seventy-
five pounds a-year, and who is sincere in making such a
declaration, cannot be supposed to assume the censorship: of
a nation's morals, and that in a form the most repulsive
to moral feeling, from any pecuniary or otherwise corrupt
consideration. Nevertheless, it is vexatious that no pro-
tection is afforded to society against the babbling and liti-
gious zeal of such fanatics and enthusiasts. To satisfy
some fanatical scruple of conscience, expenses are incurred ;
the time of a Bench of Magistrates is frittered away ; and
men, like Alderman flartmEa, whose every moment must
be of importance to himself and the public, are dragged
forward to defead themselves, on charges criminal only in
the opinion of the religiously insane. Sir P. LAURIE stated
his decision to be in accordance with the oninion of an emi-
nent Counsel. This intimation will probably put an end
to any further informations respecting Sunday Newspapers;
but for our own part , we think..that Sir PETER sruld have
acted. much more wisely, had he dismissed such a
trumpery information without having recourse to
any such formality. He himself must have known
that as far as regards manual labour, it is not the
Publication of the Sunday, but of the Monday papers that
necessarily involves a breach of the Sabbath ; and that
consequently to keep the Sabbath holy, in the fanatical
s.2nie of that greatly abused term, it would be necessary to
prohibit the Monday editions of all the London Morning
Journals—a stretch of politically restrictive power to which
fanaticism will never be adequate in England. We
have already had too much of the cant of Sabbath
protection to tolerate it patiently any longer. The people
are themselves the best and the only true guardians of the
Sabbath ; and it must henceforth rest with them to sanctify

it as their sense of their duty to Gob, their neighbours, and
their own consciences may dictate.

In our advertising columns will be found the rett4iitions
unanimously passed at d rntsatitlg held in the Royal Ex-
change, Dublin, at which the LORD MAYOR presitho;
upon the subject of the renewal the bank of Ireland
Charter. The speevbcs delivered upon the important oc-
casion, especially by Mr. JAMES DWYER and Mr. CLAS-
SON, were of a character to make a deep and lasting im-
pression. Wc look upon the cause now as triumphant, for
when we recollect the promises made by Lords LIVERPOOL
and GoDERICH upon the last renewal of the Charter, and
couple them with Mr. SPRING RICE'S concession the other
day to the Drogheda deputation, we think that any attempt
to continue this pernicious monopoly is a thing not to be
thought of by any sane individual. Mr. RICE, as the financial
Minister of the country, has given it as his opinion that the
privilege of the Bank of Ireland, which at present entitles
it alone to issue notes in Dublin, and for a circle of fifty
miles round, should be limited to a circle of five miles round
the Irish metropolis. But then look what a gross incon-
sistency is committed by such a restriction, which would
imply that a monopoly which was injurious to the commer-
cial interests of comparatively small towns, was not prejudi-
cial to the prosperity of the Irish capital. The Dublin
Evening Post, comments upon this anomaly with considera-
ble effect, and is well sustained by the Irish correspondent
of the Times, who makes the following appropriate obser-
vations :

" A meeting of merchants and other citizens, at which the Lord
Mayor presided, was held yesterday at the Royal Exchange, to consider
the best course to be adopted to put an cud to the monopoly of the
Bank of Ireland. Mr. James Dwyer, one of the Directors of
the Agricultural Bank, stated that they should now claim the re-
demption of the pledge wade in 1821, and afterwards in 1834,
by Lord Goderich, that when the Bank of Ireland Charter
expired, trade in banking should be free. Mr. Smith, one of
the Dundalk and Drogheda Deputation, stated in substance
what appeared in the City Article of the Times as to the result of the
interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer—that the Right lion.
Gentleman held that something was due to the Bank of Ireland—that its
privileges, instead of 50 miles from Dublin, should extend over Dublin
and five miles round, or at least to the circular road which includes most
of
.the suburbs. Mr. Smith recommended an energetic movement on
the subject, and he said he was confident that a deputation from Dublin
to the Chancellor of the Exchequer would be successful. Eventually, a
deputation was appointed to proceed to London.

" The general opinion is that the Government will have to give way
on this point. If the privileges of the Bank of Ireland were limited to
the circular road, a joint-stock bank of issue could, and no doubt would,
at once be established at the other side of Dorset-street, or some other
place out of the prohibited ground ; and even if the restriction extended
to five miles, there would be nothing to prevent the operations of a rival
bank at Kingstown, which the railway has brought within 15 minutes'
drive of Dublin."

As a strong proof that the question is exciting an intense
interest in Ireland, we extract another passage from a pro-
vincial Irish print, the Londonderry Journal, which ma-
nages with much ability to expose the dilemma in which
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER will place himself
should he persevere in a half-measure policy :

As to the debt due to the establishment by Government, upon which
4 per cent. interest is paid, the Times we observe has adopted our idea
—namely, that of paying it off by borrowing its amount at 3i per cent.,
or less. The proposed restriction of the monopoly will, doubtless, be of
advantage to Drogheda and other towns within the present tabooed
circle ; but, considered in a national point of view, it will operate ♦ery
little in diminution of the existing grievance. As we said on a former
occasion, the decline of the trade of Dublin--which, of itself, is a
national misfertune—is, in a great measure, clearly traceable to the
monopoly ; and upon that point we are not precluded from insisting by
the silence observed by the people of the metropolis; as that proceeds,
according to the Times, from the sensitive apprehensions of the trading
and other classes lest any steps taken by them against the Bank might
be visited upon them, to the prejudice, if not ruin, of their
credit, by the agents of that establishment, in whose power, more or
less, so large a portion of them are enthralled.' But the point most to
be regarded Is, that Dublin is the great centre of Irish exchanges, and
the monetary emporium of the country ; and it is certain that a Bank
established there, with an overwhelming capital and credit—and both
these reinforced by an exclusive privilege, which drives all competition
to a distance—will have it at all times in its power to annoy the other
Banks, and mar and derange their operations—of which it has just
now supplied an example—and consequently to enslave them ; and
thus, while that privilege endures, there can be no perfect soundness in
the system. The evil is of so general and so serious a nature that
every mercantile community in Ireland—nay, we might say in the three
kingdoms—ought to petition against its continuance."

We have only, in conclusion, to observe, that the City
articl e of the Times to-day, in our opinion, grapples with
the question in a manner at once irrefutable and conclusive.

Mr. O'CONNELL, we regret to observe, was unable last
night to bring on his motion for the abolition of female
slavery ; and from the present state of business, it is quite
uncertain when he will find a proper opportunity. What-
ever may be the opinions and sneers of others, we are con-
fident that, on this question, he will:not subject himself to
those imputations on his sincerity, which have been insi-
nuated against him in advance by the Morning Herald.
As his motion, however, is postponed, we turn to the
next measure, which the indefatigable friends of the ne-
groes, with a noble perseverance, inspired by the con-
' sciousness of a good cause, are to promote. Mr. PEASE,
on the CHANCILLOR of the EXCHEQUER'S moving this
evening for a Committee on the Sugar Duties and
Bounties, is to bring under the consideration of the
House certain modifications of them. He will pro-
pose, we believe, the abolition of the bounty which is
now given on refined sugar on being exported, and, though
opposed by the West Indians, he will be supported by
most of the sugar refiners. The bounty or drawback is
estimated to take about 360,0001. out of the pockets of
the public, for no other purpose than to stimulate the pro-
duction of sugar in our colonies, and impose additional tasks
on the negroes. The mode of operation is this—

" When the refiner," says a little pamphlet lying before us, " buys
sugar to be refined for exportation, he pays a certain sum to the Govern-
ment for duty—this is 245. on every cwt. he buys; but when he ex-
ports the refined sugar he has made, Government gives him a much
larger sum than he paid in duty ; he gets 435. 2d. for every cwt. ho
exports. The bounty, however, does not amount to the difference be-
tween these sums (19s. 2d.) because it requires more than a cwt. of
raw sugar to make a cwt. of refined; but, at all events, it is such as to
enable him to sell his sugar for exportation at 3s. per cwt. below the
price of the raw material. Thus, the average price of Jamaica sugar,
duty free, is 41s. per cwt. ; the price which the refiner gets for his
sugar, for exportation, after having received the bounty (435. 2d) is
355. ; difference, 3s. per cwt."
The pamphlet after entering into a number of calcula-
tions, for which we cannot find room, comes to the conclu-
sion that on every cwt. of refined sugar exported, the
country pays 17s. ; which on the average of ten years pre-
ceding 1833 amounted to the sum of 361,2,50/. per year.
Now this sum only enables the refiner to enter into com-
petition with the sugar refiners on the Continent, where
raw sugar is sold at a much lower rate than here, and the
principal advantage derived from it goes to the West India
planter, for whose sugar it finds a Continental market. To
the people of this country it is a double disadvantage ; for
they have not only to pay the tax, but they have to pay it
in order to raise the price of sugar against themselves. If
they did not pay this sum, the West India planters would
have only our country to supply, of which they have the
monopoly ; sugar would be reduced in price here, and the
planters would not have so strong an interest in tasking
thier slaves to grow sugar. We hope, therefore, that the
pockets of the public and the toil of the negroes may be
spared by Mr. PEASE'S motion succeeding. At least it
must make the public aware of the enormous expense which
is entailed on it by the discreditable system of slavery.

The Paris Journals of Wednesday have all been received.
On Tuesday, the Chamber of Deputies disposed of the
War Budget for 1839. Several reductions were moved
and carried by the Opposition. A rather angry debate fol-
lowed on the subject of a Bill which had passed the Cham-
ber for the regulation of the Army. This Bill was intro-
duced by the War Minister, with the consent of the
KING, but the Chamber seeing that it would have the effcct
of enabling the Government to elevate the favourites of the
SOVEREIGN over the heads of the most deserving veteran
officers, so amended it as actually to curtail, instead of
extending, the Royal prerogative. The Chamber fixed the
number of Marshals in France at six in time of peace, and
never to exceed twelve even in time of actual war. In-
stead of using their influence to have the amended Bill
simply rejected by the Peers, the Ministers have sent up
with it their original Bill, in order that both might be laid
upon the table at the same time. This course has natu-
rally excited some astonishment in the Chamber of Depu-
ties, and on being alluded to by the Marquis de MORNAY,
the President, M. DurlN, pronounced it unconstitu-
tional. This took place simultaneously with the subiect of
the two Bills being under discussion in the Upper Cham-
ber ; but the debate there was neither animated nor
interesting.

The KING has addressed a letter to Marshal Lonati,
Commandant of the National Guards, in approval of the
conduct and demeanour of that body of City-soldiers at
the review on Sunday
The following is the latest news from Africa :
We learn that Admiral Lalande, who sailed from Toulon on the
24th ult., arrived on the 25th off Tunis. The Admiral, however, had
been preceded by a Turkish frigate, which had landed a distinguished
personage sent by the Porte as A:nbassadot to the new Rey, with
valuable presents from the Sultan, and -powers to invest him .with the
government of the Regency. This, it will be observed, confirms the ac..
count from Tunis, given by us on 11Ionday It was thought probable
that the new Bey would accept this in7estittire ; and that as he would.

,z 4, Pi,-
0 st:
N.V " PIP I k 4'4
• „4,10%,*- ,e4s.
• • _.

au n.
