THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL CK.
Montreal papers to the sth, and Quebec to the 3d August,
have been received at the North and South American Coffee.
house.

(From the Montreal papers.)
On Friday, the Ist inst., there was a meeting of the coloured
population, to celebrate the abolition of slavery in the West
Indies. The meeting was opened by prayer, and an address
was delivered by one of the Africans.
From the official return to the Mayor of the City of Mon-
treal, it appears that during the month of July there has
certainly been in Montreal this year an extraordinary source of
mortality ; and everybody agrees in saying that the cause is
the introduction of the Asiatic cholera.

Board of Health, Kingston, July 30.
Number of cases reported since the commencement of the
disease up to the 29th ult.:—Cases 85 ; recoveries, 8 ;
deaths, 20 ; remaining 7.
JULY 30.—New cases, 8 ; remaining, 7 ; recovered, 3 ;
deaths, 4 ' • remaining, 8 ; total 48.
The Herald mentions the disease to be subsiding, and that
it has nothing infectious in its character.
His Excellency the Governor has appointed a Board of
Health in Upper Canada.
A gentleman who has arrived from Toronto states, that the
cholera has made its appearance in every town between that
city and Montreal, with the exception of Belville and Hal-
towell. The cholera has made its appearance at Prescott,
but not to an alarming extent.
( From the Quebec Papers.)
SANITORY COMMITTEE, JULY 29.

For the information of the public, the Committee publish the
following report for the week, ending this day:—" Total num-
ber of cholera patients received at the hospital, at St. Ann's
Common,—from the 12th to the 29th July inclusive, 75 ;
dead, 43 ; discharged and convalescent, 21 ; remain, 11.
The Halifax and St. John's papers of the 15th inst. are
without news.

Reports arc in circulation, and, we believe, well-founded,
that the prevailing disease has shown itself among the settlers
at Grosse Isle : 20 deaths had occurred at that station in 24
hours.

The Quebec Papers of the 2d August say, that they are gra-
tified to state that the health of the city is improving, though
severe cases have occurred.

The New York papers bring accounts from Mexico, stating
that tranquillity prevailed there, and in the whole of the Re-
public, with the exception of Puebla) which Santa Anna was
besieging.
