SPIRIT OP TH PUBLIc JOURNALS.

It is needless for us to repeat a truth already
impressed upon the minds of the great bulk of
our readers,—namely, that until the means of
carrying through the House of Lords all those
provisions of the Bill which are regarded by the
country as essential to any system of solid im-
provement its the representation,—until such
means shall be in visible existence, at the dispo-
sal of his Majesty's Ministers, and ready for
immediate use,—no rest or satisfaction can be
enjoyed by the friends of Reform. Almost
every body, since Monday evening, has asked
himself, " whether Reform stands in a better or
worse position than before ?" Appearances, we
Are bound to say, present no more favourable
p-ospects, so far as the combinations of party in
the House of Lords are concerned. It is al-
ways with pain that we find ourselves under the
necessity of commenting otherwise than in terms
of approval on the politics of the Duke of 'Wel-
lington, but really there are no expressions strong
enough to convey our amazement at the views
which have been taken by his Grace, both in re-
lation to the principle of Reform itself, and to
the spirit predominant throughout the country at
this moment. How a man of so much ehrewd-
ness and sagacity can bring himself to dream
that the old berough mechanism would serve any
longer to work the most ordinary purposes of
civil government here, surpasses our conception.
Why, the Duke of Wellington must see, that
the best any advocate of nomination-Parliaments
could hope for, would he a general resistance to
the tithe collector and tax-gatherer, and a civil
war to enforce the demands of those servants of
an odious rule. His Grace must know, for he
avowed it in the case of Ireland, that to employ
such force as he could raise against the unani-
mous opinion of Englishmen, is to undertake the
conquest of a mighty nation, and to maintain
that unholy conquest by the unnatural and feeble
instrument of a handful of' mercenary traitors.
Is the power of the whole United Kingdom de- ,
spised by him who shrunk from a contest with
the Catholic Irish ? And as a party-leader,
what effect has his Grace produced by this array
of miserable obstinacy ? Looking at the state into
which he has thrown a strong division of the Tory
interest itself, cart his Grace allege that his
course on Monday evening exhibited common
tact or circumspection ? Lords Harrowby and
Wharncliffe saw at once that the most decent
plausibiliries of political warfare required of them
some apparent deference for, at least observance .
of, the national feeling towards Reform. We
should indeed, have wished, in our anxiety for
the certain triumph of the measure, to see those
noble Lords, who have affected to speak with
some respect for popular position, when coqfess-
rilly unanimous, to see Lords Harrowby, &c.,
setting Ministers and people at defiance, and
announcing the adverse position they had taken
to be immutable, even while the earth was slip-
ping beneath their feet. This would have been
our desire, because from various circumstances
we are led to believe that the course pursued by
the Duke of Wellington—the open, stern, scorn-
ful antipathy which he has displayed against the
principles of the Bill, and on the strength of
which his Grace proclaims his opposition to the
second reading,—is far less dangerous to the
cause of Reform, than the more wily and decep-
tions declaration of the noble Peers who have
changed the form of their resistance for
the sake of a more assured and less invi-
dious victory. The speech of the Duke of Wel-
lington was a warlike threat,—it told what he
actually intended, and threw neither Govern-
ment nor people off their guard. Whatever,
therefore, may have been the rashness ascribable
to such a direct assault upon the Bill, not one
can be alarmed or disgusted by its dishonesty.
It is not so with the " second-reading" Peers.
Their secret purpose is to lie in ambuscade, and
fall upon the Ministers 2.fter have been
lulled into a treacherous and fatal repose. They
reckon on the success of a scheme which could
prevail over none but a sanguine, credulous, and
inexperienced enemy,—such, however, as, after
the warnings given, we are anxious to persuade
ourselves that they will not find in the councils
or Cabinet of Lord Grey. As for the Duke of
Wellington's extra-senatorial exertions, they are
those of a veteran and determined leader. His
Grace's circulars, or more private and personal
importunities, are indefatigable, and in a better
cause would be worthy of the highest adinira•
Lion. Among them is not forgotten the charac-
teristic boast that " the cry for Reform is pure
f-Aimbug, and if opposed with proper• skill and
resolution, will be put down in a week
What all but preternatural ignorance of the
spirit of this country is involved in such
surprising misrepresentation! My Lords the
Bishops may require a little rousing, on the
right side of the question : on the wrong side
they have already been vigorously, not to say
roughly, shaken. They are now given to under-
stand, it is asserted, that their adherence to their
former vote against the second reading can place
them in no worse a situation than that which
they at present occupy. They are assured
(what encouragement!) that they can sink no
lower than they have done ni public respect and
affection, and that should the Bill be a second
time thrown out, it is not against them for being
consistent, though in error, that public indigna-
tion will henceforth be pointed, but against the
authors and professed patrons of the Bill, for the
glaring inconsistency and intolerable weakness of
avowing their conviction that it is e-sential to the
public welfare and security, while, with the
means of passing it in their hands, they miserably
fail to employ them. Now, whoever holds this
language to the Bishops tells them what is in
c'reat part true. It is true at least that if their
Right Reverend Lordships do not entirely (as
no doubt they will not) escape from public exe-
cration, the chief weight of that execration will
inevitably crush and bury under it those Mini-
sters, to whom, and to whom exclusivtiv, the
guilt and shame of such a disaster must be im-
puted. We trust that no such guilt or shame
will be incurred by any British Government.—
Times.

The first number of a Magazine, conducted
liberal principles, has just appeared in the
northern capital—Tait's Edinburgh Magazine.
Considering
how generally the Scotch are devoted
to Reform, we ate somewhat surprised that
Blackwood should so long have been allowed
to keep undisputed possession of the field. As
far as we can judge from the first number, it ca.t
hardly fail to obtain the suffrages of the liberal
part of the Scottish nation, We observe one
article in this publication which, independently
of literary merit, conveys some information cal-
culated, we should suppose, to confirm Lords
Harrowby and Wharncliffe in the opinions ex-
pressed by them on Monday, as to the wisdom
of yielding to the sense -of the nation. If the
information,be correct, these Noble Lordswould
do well not to allow their zeal to cripple the
Reform Bill to hurry them too far. We allude

to an article on the " State of the: West Coun-
try," a district of Scotland comprehending the
shires of Lanark, Dumbarton, and Renfrew,
the northern division of Ayrshire, and the
southern part of Stirlingshire :
" Throughout the West of Scotland," says the writer of
this article, "nearly the whole of the middle, and a very
great portion of the upper, are cordially united with the
labouring classes of society, in the determination to see
the measure of Reform proposed by Earl Grey's Adminis-
tration carried int:: effect. To accomplish this they are
loepared to quail at no danger, to shrink from no re-
ponsibility aware that if it fail, consequences must ensue
infinitely more dreadful than any that eau result fr,rm even
~ve,strained efforts to ensure its 5,lCCe.e. It is certain
that in the event of the present Reform Bill again rids-
earrying in the House of Lords, either through the in
trigues olfaction or the over-delicacy of Earl Grey on the
creating new Peers, we should have in the Writ a general
movement of a very formida•.le nature, tacitly approved of
and supported, if not op-nlv and actively participated in,
by at least nine-tenths of the whole popul,tion. The or-
zanisation for such a movement is complete. The great
?owns, such as Glaseow, Paisley, and Greenock, have
their Trades' Unions, Political Unions, or Reform Asso-
ciations, each perfectly aware of whatever the others are
about, and ready to co operate whenever circumstances
may call upon them. There are, moreover, either exist-
ing independently or in connection with these, innumera-
ble minor Unions in every village and district throughout
this densely-peorded tract, whose aptitude, organization,
and fearless alacrity, may be best illustr aced by a refer-
nce to the admirable order of the immense numbers
which have lately attended the various processions got up
from time, to time at differer t points, either to do honour
to his Majesty, or to cistinguish the more important crisis
in the progress of Reform. The rapidity with which
communications circulate among these bodies, and the
electric s. eed with which, on any em,rgency, a whole
district could be mad,, as it were, to spring at once upon
ire feet, may be inferred from the fact, that on any occa-
sion when news is anxiously expected, the villages and
districts remote irom e., post-office station employ runners
to wait the arrival of the mail at the nearest points ; by this
means obtaining intellience almost as speedily as a mail
driving directly to their respective localities could bring
it. Nor should it here piss unnotic, d, that within Glasgow
and its immediate vicinity, a body 0f30,000 men. perfectly
organised, and by no means disposed to take fright at
their own or other people's shadows, could be gathered
together— if not ' in heavy marching order,' at least
in something like it—in the very short space of nine or
ten hours ! Those who may feel inclined to question this
assertion, will do well never to give occasion for proving

its accuracy."
" Perfect as is the organisation, and strong as is the
political feeling exiting over the west of Scotland, we do
not believe that even in the event of the Reform Bill being
again defeated, there would he any appeal made to physi-
cal force, unless provocation to that alternative he given
by the military and other instruments of power. Were
this attempted, an immediate collision with the military
and who ever supported them, would be neither feared
nor shunned ; for the people, since the days of the barri-
cades in Paris and Brussels, have acquired confidence in
their own strength. If left to themselves, however,
they would prefer, and universally adopt, the more
peaceable yet equally effective plan of refusing to pay
all taxes except by distraint; aware that this, with-
out the waste of one drop of blood, would bring
their oppressors to a stand still in a very few months.
The general resoluti, n to avail themselves of this per-
f.etly constitutional resource, in pref:rence to more violent
and sanguinary measures, is characteris.tic of the intelli-
gence that now distinguishes the majority of the inhabi-
tants of the district to which our statements have reference,
and proves at the same time how vain is the hope either
to cheat out of their tights, or argue out of their opinions,
a people so far advanced in the knowledge of social, politi-
cal,and moral justice."

So much for the feeling prevalent in a most
important section of the island. We have no
doubt that though this feeling might not every-
where show itself with the same energy,
it does not the less exist in most parts of the
kingdom. The people are determined on Re-
form, and have made up their minds as to the
course they ought to pursue. On the other
hand, the Government are threatened from a
different quarter with force if they do not aban-
don the Reform Bill. The Duke of Newcastle,
in his address, speaks of resisting the measure of
Reform by force. This is not equivocally ex-
pressed in the following passage :
" To be successful, the arbitrary and despotic design of
forcing the House of Lords may be resorted to; but be-
ware ? The same arbitrary power which disfranchises a
borough for no delinquency, and violates the House of
Lords because it is honest, will deprive you, when it
pleases, of your valued rights, laws, and liberties ! Then
all you who are well affected to the Ccristitution of the
country, stand forward now, at this eventful crisis of the
nation's tate Ra ly round the old glorious G.nstitution !
God grant that resistance may never he required ; but if
rothing else can at the last preserve to you your laws and
liberties, and save the Constitution which you have sworn
to defend, then, sooner than surrender these bles•iogs, meet
force with resistance ! You will never permit men, who
prove themselves incapable of anything else, to give you a
new Constitution ! Remember that your ancestors won
their liberties by their valour ; you must preserve them
by your wisdom and courage !"
If a General could fight without the aid of
soldiers, and defend an army by his own pers.,nal
valour, there might be some hope for the Duke
of Newcastle. His Grace may rest assured, that,
in a conflict of the nature he contemplates, he
would be deserted even by the men who now
eat his beef and drink his ale. Colonel Mace-
rone's Book, on a new and efficient mode of
arming men, would be of no avail to a few
Oligarchs, unaided as Lord Wharncliffe ad-
mitted, by any party in the country. We rejoice
to think ;hat. in spite of hot-headed men like his
Grace, the healing measure will be obtained
without bloodshed—a measure which will make
us one people instead of a nation of Castes.—
Morni►ag Chronicle.

The endless discussions, which lead to nothing,
regarding Belgium, Ancona, Algiers, Dun
Miguel, Don Pedro, &c. have become at length
a nuisance of the first magnitude. We expected
that another dish of the same materiais would
be served up last night, by Sir Richard Vyvyan;
but we were agreeably disappointed in the post-
ponement of the motion. The object of the
Opposition unquestionably is to embroil England
and France ; and undoubtedly, however cheap
M. Perier might be inclined to hold the incessant
lectures read to France, yet they tend to add
very mudi to his difficulties, for the French are
not less susceptible than ourselves on the subject
of their national consequence. The topic which
is now most in favour with the .Opposition is
Ancona. Sir Robert Peel dwelt pathetically
on the hard measure dealt out by the Pope, in
not allowing him sufficient time to settle his dis-
putes with his subjects." If (said the Right Hon.
Gentleman) the Government of this country hail
had so much trouble, for the last twelve months,
in bringing about this measure of Reform, there
was but little reason for complaining that the
Pope had not been able to effect the ten or
eleven Reforms which he had undertaken. It
was most unjustifiable fora powerful State to in-
terfere between the subjects and the Govern-
ment of a weaker State, compelling; at once,
instant
operation weaker Government to bring into
operation measures which it contemplated effect-
ing by degrees." Not a word against the inter-
ference • by Austria ! But then, according to
Sir- Robert, Austria bad been invited by the
Pope to interfere. But a Sovereign alone does
not make a State. Say the people invited
France. In a case where a Sovereign and sub-
jects are at variance, is the Sovereign to pass
for every thing and the subjects for nothing
Austria interfered to settle the question by
crushing the spirit of improvement ; France in-
terfered.for a good purpose. Hence, no doubt,
in the eyes of Sir Robert, the interference of the

Austrians was justifiable ; the interference of
the French unjustifiable.—Morning Chronicle.
It was generally observed by those who were
present at the first reading of the Reform Bill
in the House of Lords that the apathy which
now prevails throughout the country on the Dur-
ham Bill had extended itself into the precincts of
that Assembly also. The speeches of Lord Har-
rowby and Lord Wharncliffe, as well as of the
Bishop of London, were as coldly received as
they were languidly delivered. Lord Grey did
not, by any fervid or effective speaking, raise the
temperature of the debate, if such it might be
called ; and Reform continued throughout the
evening at the freezing point. The Duke of
Wellington made as usual a very usetuil stwes-
manlike speech. He removed from his adver-
saries all pretext for continuing to assert that he
was immoveably fixed in his opposition to all
Reform of Parliament. He adopts the same
course as Sir ROBERT PEEL. He adtnits that
the circumstances of the country and the state of
the public opinion may render some changes
necessary, which upon higher principles
of political wisdom could not be proved to be
conducive to the welfare of the community :
and lie, therefore, is not prepared to oppose such
provided they were consistent with the mainte-
nance of a system of Government adequate to
secure the peace and good order of this country
at home, anti to sustain its honour and indepen-
dence among foreign nations. Under the Bill
now before the House lie and others have amply
shown that such could not be the case, and
therefore his hostility to this Bill is undimi-
nished. If we may judge from the manner in
which his speech was received, the feeling of
the House was with the Duke ; while, on the
other hand, Lords Harrowbv and Wharncliffe
appeared to have made no impression by their
statements in favour of the very oblique course
which they proposed to pursue. They seemed
to be only supported in those passages wherein
their admissions were censures upon their con-
duct. We augur from these observations that
the " Waverers" are as few in number as they
are weak in purpose and in argument. The
Lords will do their duty on the second reading
of this Bill, as they did on the second reading of
the last. There will be few converts to the
miserable inconsistencies of the " Waverers ;"
and the work of Reform will hereafter be exe-
cuted under more favourable auspices and by
more skilful hands.—Morning Post.
In the north of England the proposition of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer to refer the
Bill to regulate infant labour in factories to a
Select Committee has been looked upon, as we
anticipated, ill the light of an attempt to defeat
the benevolent object for which that Bill has
been introduced. The Hteldersfield and Holm-
forth Committee have marked their sense of this
proceeding pretty strongly by passing a vote of
thanks to Mr. Sadler, and a vote of censure
upon his Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer,
"in return," as it is stated, for that liberal
Lord's successful efforts to delay the rescue of
factory children." There is no doubt that in
this matter Lord Althorp has played into the
hands of the master-manufacturers and the po-
litical economists, who make common cause ; the
former consulting only their own sense of self-
interest—the latter worshipping, at the expense
of the rights of humanity, that spurious science
which reduces cupidity to a system, and invests
the most sordid doctrines of selfishness with
all the pomp of erudition. The slavery of
the facory system has been truly said to be as
painful a sight for humanity to contemplate as
that of the West Indies. In some respects it
is worse, for the negro slaves of our sugar islands
are better fed, and have more hours for rest and
for recreation, generally speaking, than the poor
infant victims of Mammon in our factories. It
is true the unhappy children are not actually
sold to their to-k-masters—their persons are not
their absolute property ;—if they were, degrading
as that sort of proprietorship is, it might, from a
sense of self-interest, cause their task-masters to
treat them better, and to be somewhat more care-
ful of their health—just as most men are more
kind and considerate towards their own horses
than to those they hire. We do not like, indeed,
to see human beings holding their right to be
well treated on the same tenure that horses do ;
but, if the persons of the children in our facto-
ries are not the absolute property of their mas-
ters, the effect of the abject poverty in which their
parents and themselves are placed is such as to
give their emploers a complete control over their
actions, without having any interest in their well-
being, as part of the animal machinery on his
estate. He knows that, however rapidly they
may be carried off, or incapacited by over-work
anti want of rest, numbers will be found to sup-
ply their places, just as destitute and as de-
pendent. While we have a law to protect even
the brute creation from the cruelty of man, can
a Government that calls itself enlightened hesi-
tate for a moment as to what course it ought to
take when the infant victims of an inhuman cu-
pidity implore their protection ? But the
Government is guilty of something worse than
hesitation—it actually co-operates with those
who hope to defeat the Bill tor the relief of the
infant slaves by a flank movement, well knowing
that they have no chance of success from a di-
rect attack in front. There is no hope, then,
for the wretched little captives of our factory
bastiles but in public opinion. It the force of
public opinion that must burst their prison doors,
and bring tl►ern protection, in spite of the
marnmuvres of political economists and a liberal
Government to defeat the claims of humanity.—
Morning Herald.

MR. BULWER'S NEW NOVEL, 44 EUGENE
ARASI."—" The story altogether is one of a most tragical descrip-
tion, while the characters who figure in it taka such a hold of
the fancy as to render their fate more than ordinarily a subject
of anxiety. We know not if ever we felt a more absorbing in-
terest and curiosity on reading any work of fiction than when
we reach the fifth book of the novel before us. The prepara-
tions of the amiable family at Grass-dale, for the marriage of
Madeline and Aram—the interruption of the ceremony by the
arrival of the officers of justice to apprehend the apparently
unimpeachable scholar—the bride's solemn belief of the inno-
cence of her lover—the committal of Aram to prison—his trial
and condemnation—the death of the broken-hearted Made-
line—the confession and last momeuts of the criminal—all fol-
low in such a natural and terrible succession, as to engross the
attention and excite the sympathy of the reader."_Scotsman."

EXTRAORDINARY ItEVEN GE-LISBURN)
MAW! I9.—A most inhuman act of revenge was perpetrated in
the neighbourhood of Ballinderry on Wednesday week. It ap-
peared that a stone-mason, belonging to Ballinderry, had some
animosity towards a respectable woman resident there, a widow,
and he was determined to be revenged of her. The widow in-
terred her only daughter about a year since in the church-yard
of Ballinderry. The man, a short time before he committed
the atrocious act, went to the woman, and told her that, to
satisfy his revenge, he would present to her her daughter's
head. He opened the grave, broke open the coffin, pulled a
quantity of the hair off the head of the corpse and laid it down
on the bank beside him, and then took a spade and chopped the
head off' The monster brought it to the widow's house arid
laid it down before her, swearing that there was the head of her
daughter, and that his revenge was satisfied. He was sum-
moned by the Churchwardens of Ballinderry, to appear before
the Bench here on Tuesday last, but he did not appear, but the
facts as stated were fully proved. The Witnesses are bound
over to prosecute at the next Sessions, and the police are in
search of the fellow.—Belfast Chronicle

FRO! THE GAZETTE OF LAST NIGHT.

WAR-OFFICE, MA.Rcit 27.

MEMORANDUM,

The half-pay .of the undermentioned Officers has been can-
celled from the 27th inst., inclusive, they having received com-
muted allowances for their commissions:—
Cornet J.. Carruthers, half-pay 12th Light Dragoons.
Lieut. J. Symes, half.pay Ist root.
Paymaster J. Glas, half-pay filst Foot.
Ensign F. W. W. Martin, half-pay 61st Foot.
I.ieut. J. H. St. John, half-pay 19th Light Dragoons.
Lieut. T. Monypenny, half-pay 30th Foot.
Ensign H. Bergmann, half-pay 2d Line Battalion King's Ger-
man Legion.
Paymaster W. Armstrong, half-pay 6th Dragoons.
Paymaster ti. Alison, half-pay 9 tls Foot
Assistant Surgeon E. Nixon, half-pay 80th Foot.
Assistant-Surgeon James Price, half-pay 100th Foot.
Assistant-Surgeon C. Newby, half-pay 3,1 Foot Guards.
Lieut. It. M'Kenzie, half-pay 45th Foot.
Quartermaster C. Lamont, half-pay Aberdeen Fencible In-
fantry.

WHITEHALL, MARCH
The Lord Chancellor has appointed George Frederick Fair-
clough, of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, Gent., to be a
Master Extraordinary in the High Court of l hancery.

Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Gloucester, and of the City and County of the City of Glou-
cester, and of the City and County of the City of Bristol.
G. Stevenson, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Edinburgh.
The Right Hon. John Earl of Roseberry to be Deputy
Lieutenant.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Hereford.
Hereford Regiment of Militia—G. C. Ibbs, Gent., C. M. WU-
loch, Gent., J. Seward, Gent., H. Symons, Gent., 1). Evans,
Gent., to be Ensigns.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Devon.
J. A. NVyse, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Stafford.
J. Wrottesley, Esc! , to be Deputy Lieutenant.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
THOMAS KNIGHT, tiaslemere, Surrey, draper.
ROBERT HESLEDEN, Southampton, bone-merchant.

BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
NICHOLAS WEEK ES, London.street, Fenchurch-street.
merchant.

BANKRUPTS.
HAYTER NATHANIEL SCRIVENER, Palmer's Fully,
Ratcliffe-highway, builder, to surrender April 10, at two, and
May 8, at ten, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Robinson rind Rus-
sell, Queen-street-place, Queen-street-bridge.
GEORGE KEENE, Union.street, Southwark, victualler,
April 5 and May 8, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Peile, Old Broad-street.
WILLIAM SAMUEL AN DR AS, Adle.;tone, Surrey,
brewer, April 10, at one, and May 8, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy Fvson and Beck, Lothbury.
JAMES MARSHALL, Norwood, potter, April 3, at three,
and May 8, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Lindsay, St.
Thomas's-street, Southwark.
\•ILLIAM DAY, Providence-buildings, New Kent-road,
Newington, plumber, April 18, at one, and May 8, at ten, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Cruckshank, King's Arms-yard, Cole.
man-street.

SAMUEL BROOK, Sen., Mirtield, Yorkshire, banker, April
11, and May 8, at eleven, at the offices of Messrs. Jacomb and
Tindale, Huddersfield. Jacomb and Tindale, Huddersfield ; A.
V. Sandau, Old Jewry, London.
ROBERT JAMES, Bristol, mercer,. April I‘2, and May 8, at
one, at Cooper's Hotel, Bath-street, Bristol. Adlington, Gre-
gory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London; C. H.Walker,Bristol.
LEWIS I)AVIES, Mamhilad, Pontypool, Monmouthshire
miller, April 6, and May 8, at one, at the Commercial Rooms,
Bristol. White and Whitmore, Lincoln's Inn, London; Bevan
and Brittan, Bristol.
EDWARD and GEORGE CARTER, Northallerton, York-
shire, fellmongers, April 14, and May 8, at eleven, at the New
InnAeeming-lane, Burneston, Yorkshire. Beverley, Verulam
Buildings, Gray's Inn, London ; Coates and Rhodes, Ripon,
Yorkshire.

WILLIAM WORTS, Colchester, Essex, medicine-vender,
April 6, and May 8, at twelve, at the Three Cups Inn, Colches-
ter. Bignold, Pulle, and Mawe, Bridge-street, Blackfriars
London ; Sargeant and Cooper, Colchester.
THOMAS WRIGHT, Birmingham, coach-builder, April, 10,
11, and May 8, at eleven, at the Hen and Chickens Hotel, Bir-
mingham. Austen and Hobson, Raymond.buildings, Gray's
Inn, London ; Arnold and Haines, Birmingham.
RICHARD KEILY, Angel-court, Ihroginorton-street, mer-
chant, April 3, at ten, and May 8, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Young, Mark-lane
JAMES WARD, Stowmarket, Suffolk, cattle-dealer, April
14, at twelve, and May 8, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Crosse, Surrey-street, Strand, London.
ROBERT JANHESON and JAMES SANDI MAN, Ashton-
under-Lyne, a.ancashire, iron-founders, April 4,9, and May 8,
at nine, at the Albion Hotel, Manchester. Adlington, Gregory,
and t. aulkner, Bedford-row, London ; Law, Manchester.
EDWARD JARVIS, Richmond-walk, Stoke Damerel,
Nl'
loony s i r
al He , t rail
Dn
oe ,
oAr pt. i 1
)310ee,
ra,nDdevMoan}p•
08r. t
Barnes,eleven, aNt
eLvil 1
Innoan
London.

DIVIDENDS.
J. Willis, Vauxhall-road, Pimlico, draper, April 16, at eleven,
at the Court of Bankruptcy—T and C. Gresley, West Smithtield,
clothiers, April 17, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy—
P. Woodman, sen., Piccadilly, corn-dealer, April 19, at ten, at
the Court of Bankruptcy—NV. Peirce, Bartholomew-close, wine_
merchant, Aril 19, at half.past ten, at the Court of ;link-
ruptcy —H. Warder, Lewes, Sussex, china-dealer, April 17, at
eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy—NV. Marsh, J. H. Stracey,
and C. E. Graham, Berners-street, bankers, April 2.4, at ten, at
the Court of Bankruptcy—H. Stansbie, Birmingham, paper-
dealer, April 1 , at twelve, at the New Royal Hotel, Birming-
ham—J. E. Rose, Bath, linen-draper, April IS, at twelve, at the
White Lion Inn, Bath—J. Hunt, Preston, wine-merchant,
April 23, at twelve, at Messrs. Winstanley and Catterall's office,
Preston—A. Blackburn, l'reston, linen-draper, April 19, at ele-
ven, at Mr. Woodburn's ottice, Preston—A. Mackenzie, sen. Li-
verpool, liquor-merchant, April 17, at one, a' the Clarendon
Rooms, Liverpool—G. Moody, Lincoln, coach-maker, April 19,
at eleven, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston-upon-Hull—W. Pope,
Portwood, Cheshire, cotton-spinner, April 21, at nine, at the
York Hotel, Manchester—W. Shackles, Kingston-upon-Hull,
linen.draper, April 18, at eleven, at the Kingston Hotel, King-
ston-upon-Hull—J. Cowper, Nloorside, within Oldham, Lanca-
shire, cotton-spinner, April 25, at nine, at the Star Inn, Man-
chester—S. Brecknell, Tything of NNhistones, Worcestershire,
hop-merchant, May 14, at eleven, at the Crown Inn, Worcester
'l'. Freeman and H. H. Jones, Worcester, tallow.chaedlers,
April 20, at eleven, at the Star and Garter Inn, Worcester—R.
Winnall, Medwardine, Worcester, miller, May 14, at eleven, at
the Crown Inn, Worcester—S. A. Blake, Plymouth, ironmonger,
April 18, at eleven, at Elliott's Royal Hotel, Devonport.
CERTIFICATES—APRIL 17.

D. Horne, Manchester, woollen-draper—J. Clark, Blyth,
Northumberland, miller—W. Youatt, Nassau-street, Middlesex
Hospital, druggist—W. Smith, Welwyn, Hertfordshire, grocer
—B. King, Charlotte-street, Itathbone-place, lithographic printer
--W. Elston, Eyre-street.hill. Holborn, victualler—J. Giles,
Steward.street, Spitaltields, silk-manufacturer—T. Wilkinson.
Finsbury-square, upholsterer—J. G. West, Forncett St. Peter,
Norfolk, shopkeeper.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
F. Vidil and I. Verdure, K ng-street, Cheapside, merchants—
J. Harrison and G. Cave, Wi-bech St. Peter's, Cambridgeshire,
cabinet-makers—J NPCiitcheon and T. A. Dulcken, Finsbury-
circus, merchants—J. Duthoit and J. Purnell, Bishopsgate-
street, linen-drapers—T. Smith and W. Smth, Hertford, stone-
masons—H. Wingrove and W. Wingrove, Hammersmith, linen-
drapers—G. C okson and R Broadhurst, Congleton, Cheshire,
millers—J. Woodman and J. Beard, Bristol, hatters—M. Crowe
and S. Crowe, Norwich, plumbers—W. Nelson and Co., Liver.
pool, silk-mercers—R. Bromley and J. Bromley, Derby, land-
agen ts--J . Lord and W. Holland, Rochdale Lancashire, wool_
staplers—Sir R. Graham, Bart., and Co., Condon—C. I. Biel-
feld and Co., Edgeware-road, manufacturers of ground paper or-
naments, as far as respects C. F. Bielfeld, jun.—G, Key and J.
Bloyd, Tooley-street, Southwark, lead-tnerchants—W. Cory,
sen., and W. Cory, jun , Bishopsgate-street Without, cheese-
mongers—B Theme and Co., Sherborno, Dorset shire, bankers—
J. Bartrop and A. Brammer, Shepherd's-market, corn-chandlers
—J. Law and R. Coates, Manchester, attorneys—J. Lilley and J.
Risley, Newport Pagnel, Buckinghamshire, ironmongers—R.
Harwood and W. Standage, Drypool, Holderness, Yorkshire,
mustard-manufacturers—B. G. F. Pnilpot and A. T. Tanner
Brabant.court, Philpot-lane, attorneys—S. Horrox and Co., Rad
clitfe, Lancashire, calico-printers, as far as respects S. Horrox—
J. Nathan and H. A. Campion, High-street, Poplar, taitors—S.
Hopkins and W. Hopkins, Brist 1, carriers—E. W. Benson and
W. Darke, Birmingham, chemists—E. Pease, sen., and Co., Dar-
lington, Durham, worsted-spinners—W. Percival and
Schwartz, Liverpool, eiga.•-inanufacturers—W. Hamley and J.
Bowser, Little Windmill-street, Westminster—H. d'Hauregard
and Co., Manchester, so far as respects E. Tiberghien and (i.
Cattoir—P. Wilson and C. R. Scott, Edinburgh, writers to the
signet.
