(Fran The Quebec Gazette of AUK. 3.)

" KINGSTON (U. C.), JULY 28.—Lord SEL•
KIRK arrived in town ye,terday in the steam-boat.
Frontenack, from Niagara. We understand the
trial het%veen the Hudson's Bay Company kind
North \Vtst Companies is postponed till October,
then to take place at Volk."

Jamaica Papers to the 26th July arrived this

morning.

" By the Eliza we received Curacao Gazettes
to the II th inst. It appears by these papers that
Hamm has hail an engagement with the Spanish
fleet, when he captured two of their brigs ; it is
also said that he had taken the Spanish sloop of
war Sardinia, from the HAvAnnali, proceeding to
some port on the Main with troops. On Satur-
day morning the Eliza spoke one of BRION'S squa-
dron, and was informed of the capture of the two
brigs in at► action with the Spaniards."

The Morning Post bus this dAy imerted R
Article from Paris, stated to be An extract from a
letter written by a Lady w.bo had disposed of ha

properp in tliis country, 9ncl rest &N) to 1:*;1( ber.
residence in France. It was addressed 10 lit
Sister, who *as making prepat•ations to Inll°
her for the same purpose. The letter tlissosrirs
the sister (ruin leaving this `country, Odell
that ", a reVolutiOnary spirit very gener°ll/
reigns," and that " when the Allies quit France'
little doubt is entertained but there will
66
tt gtn&al Massatre." The wilier
,is sold i°
be the wife of an Officer of Rank in ibig.
British Army. It is strange that a Lady of soe''
a rank in life shonid have thus determined tg
abandon htr own Country ; but, be that as it WY'
the Editor, by the Conspicuous place wbicb bens'
given to this extract, seems evidently disposed r°
enntiltier it as a niAtter of importance. Indeed'
he tieciates that It has been, thought of sofneienC
frivol-tante, all cirbittustatiCes 'considered, 8' t°
have been cortimunicated to our Government'
We respect whatever appears iit the Paper In,
question, because we are 'lite that the Conthictor
never would attempt to ithpos.e Upon his Readersr.
or to santtion ally trill;; capable of raising Isite•
alarms. That the cotrimunicaiton, .as he set's'

lney have" excited an tit reordinat y degree °f j°°
terest " we can readily conceive, because it
Object of the outmost l'iterest in all Bor°Pef

as well as NJ but CouhriilrUrn in France.'"
got we haiid as god(' infoimation, and, Perlin':
rt-e might sli:y better intorrit;',tion, front the FroglL
t;apital, than any tither. kinglis.l) „journal %chino'
exception 1 and all one in:Nlligcnce reprise'," the
removal of tlik Allies. as the sine Ina non for thd.
security of the thrtine and thehappinesi of the,
penple in France. We have lung been of 0 difi^
ferent opinion, and have often' • venture
to
...donbt the assniatiees of ton. valuable C°r
respondent: in Paris; ion his persevering e"Pa,,
vierion, sop Ported by the gitinion of other
ligent Persons, iothire Os to hope and believi ll'a
when Fratice has really.recoveirl her indepencl4.
ence,, she will astnintra loyal
,xlignity of clorticierPe*
and '6O 11 those revolittintmiy spirits wb°
anxious to-plunge ti e. Colon ry once more
horrors of a bloody I)emocrls-cy.

• The following fit an extract Iroto,,a pirate l".,
ter, glared liencoolen, April 15
" our new Lieutenant-Governor, Sir
S LailY, and suite, arrived here 0111"11
21st ult. lie landedoll the next clay, Anil trot,
charge of the Government wider the osdal
The great character which he had act
tle
Java had excited great expectation, )m4lo°ll'4
his presence very welcome. Tie nr.,„,er :
which this place has been neglected calls for
mediate . cilatip! Hutt revision ; an l ConlidCfj;
reductions, I understand, are in contemplA,:'
On the arrival of the intelligence of the ine,'*,(c
cooly death of the Princess Charlotte, the islfrvi•
Settlement went into mourning ; and ""
27th of March the bientenaut.Goveritor 0911,-; •
mooed a genet al meet fl;., of the inhabitattio,L,
framed and signed addresses to their Royal
nesses the Prince Regent and Pt ince I.ooPtot
Saxe-Cobourg, deploring this calamiions
-
which have heen transmitted to En
by
Mitchell, of the East India Companys
i\Torthurpherlancd. The Lieutenant Governor so.
took advantage of the sot row and feeling °l,:tri
moment to establish • The Sumatran Ailxi°,,r'
Bible Society ;' and the lit .y. Mr. %%Inter, °lbe.
Chaplain, preached an appropriate sermon '
"rlisolf
occasion. Nothing can equal the mel""',,et
With which we are overwhelmed in. CO"nse'orc
of this sad catastrophe.' The duty on the e%!,•1,0
of spices has been taken off, audit' libtat iof •
we shall export enough for the consumptio"The
Buglind, and eventually of the.Coolitient'f per
It
ctiltivators think themselves veil paid at .icry, •
lb. for nutmegs. As we had a right 10 eqiey,
from the liberal and enlightened views of .0"r loses
Lieutenant-Governor, I understand- he pr°l3 the
immediately to abolish slavery', and emancipstehich
natives front the forced deliveries,&c. under tv
sof
they have heretoforelabotired. gamiug opt
cock-fighting farms, the sources of ,endless
are to be abolished from May I." •
• vett
Kew, Se 2.—Yesterday evening thePliscif
RaGaNT left for the Stud. llottse:Sir to
MILNAN and Sir H. HALFORD SO"
conti
attendance here.—The PRINCR BEGIINT oiled
here this mot ning. if his afternoon the poe
yoRK arrived, - re
1.1.1te Duke and Duchess of "RLAIIIINC It are
nf
Dow Ager gds
nocitoi

paring for a visit to 04, Queen
TEMBERG, ci-devunt Princess Royal Of Eiogi'w
at Stutgard.
Alt. CLARK, Purser of the Northuniherlatol,!lti:
, `I
rived yesterday at ERII 11,vrituasT's office
dispatches from St. Helena, which were iv°le,
og
dietiely forwarded to his Lordship at his setit
Putney. poertn
A letter was yesterday received front 10,
del Nato, Island of iNLirgaretia, dated JulY or
which states, that MoanAo lout !idle(/ sn°,vere
epieitdid victory; shut no particulars ore
itl
an %O r:
The late Sir JANIES YEA WAS the lie"- iv
brought the first intelligence to this Cooll,' di
0";ilie
the rising of the Spawn aaainst theis pe
r
Invaders, Inraders, and the conserptcnt surrender or ro
of the French Army, an event that gave peal,
of ::0133.
impure to the people ot Spain in all q'orter,rooll9'
at leng!b, by the a,..i.t„„ce of the n wl.ritis!) kro,
and their Allies, finally drove oppress.`- olen 0,
out of the Kingdom. Sir JaraEs svAg
jo
Lientetiant in the Navy. so olt,'"
We are ',wry to learn by the ,nil}' s' t 4
:3:7 b.sf
p iilla
1 Jfl, which
ge
arrivedhr4Np hr
tiwo
tamed at the Cane for the sAtttY 0f tije
itolinman, which ship hadhcett dnilv
thither fur e lung
