THURLES DINNER.

(From the Tipperary Free Press.)
When the' Catholic Hierarchy of Ireland" was
proposed by the Chairman, there was a general call
for the Rev. Mr. Heffernan, when that gentleman
rose and spoke nearly as follows :
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—After the bril-
liant effusions of eloquence you have heard this even-
ing, will you condescend to hear the humble Curate
of Templemore. I have the pleasure of being ac-
quainted with many of you, and to our worthy, en-
lightened, and patriotic guest, I introduce myself as
a Priest andan Agitator.---( Loud cheers.)—On leav-
ing home, little (lid I think that I would be called on
to return thanks in behalf of the Catholic Hierarchy
of Ireland, especially when I see some of my Rev.
Friends far better qualified to undertake so arduous
a duty. The Catholic Hierarchy of Ireland has al-
ways ranked high in the religious, and at present it
occupies a conspicuous place in the political world.
When the Bishops of England, with the exception
of Fisher, compromised their character, and surren-
dered their dignity to gratify the ambition of Henry
the VIIIth., the Irish Prelates and Clergy were
true to their creed and their country, and neither
the solitude of the dungeon, nor the frown of the
tyrant could shake their constancy or break their
spirit. They always adhered to the people, and, in
Justice I must acknowledge the people always ad-
hered to them. Away then with the odious charge
fluide against them, and against us, that our religion
is friendly to despotism and slavery, a charge so often
brought forward and as often triumphantly refuted.
On the contrary, it is a principle with Irish Ca-
tholics that patriotism and piety are perfectly corn-
pt!tible, that a man can be a pious priest and a pa-
triotic citizen, that he can love God and his country
at the same time.—And it is Hot a forced construc-
tion of the sacred text to say, that when Christ
wept over Jerusalem, lamenting the obstinacy, in-
credulity, and impenitence of her sons, he at the
same time deplored the disasters, the calamities and
the ruin that were to bef.il his country. At the pre-
sent day the Catholic Hierarchy of Ireland can
boast of men whose names, talents, and virtues,
would shed a lustre on any age or country.—(Hear.)
-Yet the titles which the piety of the Irish has
conferred on these men are declared illegal ; our
wise legislators thus throwing a Parliamentary
eircumvallation round their holy scion to preserve
it from being undermined by the Jesuitical ma-
chinations of Popish Bishops and democratic agita-
tors.--(Hear.)—.The Catholic Hierarchy of Ireland
depend on the spontaneous offerings of the people for
their support : there is no golden link to connect
them with the crown, and the Irish people ardently
hope they never will; they stand too high in public
esteem, and possess such extensive influence, that
they nevercan be prevailed on like Esau, to lose the
one, or surrender the other, for a mess of pottage, nor
will they ever submit to be tied by the neck with a
Collar to the manger of the British Minister, and be
afterwards brought forward as professional and con-
secrated sycophants to raise their voice against the
liberty of the people.—(Hear, hear.)—But pt!r,e-
ric is thrown away on this venerable and illustrious
body, of men, especially when coming from the lips
of so humble an individual as myself, therefore, I
shall conclude, knowing that it is bad taste to tres-
pass on a convivial party by long speeches—in their
name then I return you thanks. The Rev. Gentle-
Man was loudly cheered when he sat down.

ADDRESS TO R. OTWAY CAVE, ESQ. M.P.
A meeting of the parishioners of Menaugh and
Kilenave was held on Sunday, the 6th of Septem-
ber, when it was unanimously agreed upon that an
Address should be presented to Robert Otway Cave,
Esq., for his unwearied exertions in the cause of
freedom ; accordingly a deputation of the principal
parishioners waited on that enlightened and talented
/"Ilg gentleman on Monday, the 14th, when
Mathew Kennedy, Esq., of Ballahane, presented
C
the following address. After which Mr. Otway
awn
with that politeness of demeanour and warmth
of disposition which he is so celebrated for, con-
aucted the gentlemen of the deputation into another
!Partment, in order to partake refreshments, consist-
lag of all the delicacies of the season.
ADDRESS.
of SIR ,--We are deputed on the part of the parishioners
Menaugh and Kilenave, to express to you their high
admiration of your indefatigable exertions in the cause of
Civil
t; and Religious Liberty, and your zealous co-opera-
"on with those patriotic Noblemen and Gentlemen who
an gloriously achieved the emancipation of our country;
atj,4 wo,. further beg leave to submit to your consideration
feel "allowing candid declaration of our sentiments :—.We
fold sere with gratitude in reflecting on the manic services you not only conferred on us, but on the em-
Ihre at large, during the short period of your Parlia-
ineutarY career. You, Sir, who have been born and
Queated in England, where hitherto bigotry and intole-
rance were sedulously instilled into the minds of the as-
Piring youth, and where honours and emoluments have
been held forth as a boon to corruption and injustice, and
Where to be liberal was to be despised by those who held
the reins of power and place in their hands. We find by
Your truly patriotic speech in Leicester, that your liberal
isad enlightened mind not only despised those allurements
Which almost naturally estrange the benevolent intentions
41 influential young men, but nobly and candidly came for-
l'ard in the hoar of danger, and at the displeasure of your
constituents, and exposed those abuses that exist in Parlia-
Cinent, the vile and corrupt means which the Brunswickers
lvia°,le meetings were justly designated by you, seditious
I"ernblies) resorted to, in order to goad and exasperate a
and numerous c'ass of citizens--we are fully sen-
%-'ris of your strenuous and effectual exertions in our cause
Z"ng the last Session of Parliament : and we feel
r"glY impressed with the conviction that although an
Borough Member, you are a more active and
'ltuful representative of our wants and wishes than
either of our County Members, whom we find on every
Zeleaam inn acting quite contrary to our interest, which is
aei;et'ne7ntlY established by the fact of Mr. O'Connell
rueg you as the only fit person to present in Parlia-
sbeli.the petitions entrusted to him,—your very able
K,".! in exposing the unworthy chicanery resorted to
;;;C.ltnisters in the expulsion of Mr. O'Connell from his
rabic but
particularly your attendance at the last memo-
in ThuriLize*.o Clonmel, and your invaluable exertions
aneasure the opposition to the passing of that baneful
and lon Act, aainst self-id
hoursevculatingnsurrecti g a
istracy, all of which inestimablentereste la-
are e rtf Your invaluable life, fully convince us that you
1,1 ntirely devoted to the interests of our country._
cere th accept the most ardent expressions of our sin-
in co_.ankl, and we hope the day is not far distant, when
ind.:Junction with the majority of the electors of this
the fait County, we may place you in l'arliament as
fell. "%fat organ of our sentiments.—Accept, Sir, our
eat wishes for your health and happiness.
