MARKET INTEI.LIGENCE.

LONDON MARKETS.
(From the London Neu, Price Current of yesterday.)

SUGAR.-There has been a steady Sugar market this week ;
the purchases are estimated at 3,200 hhds. and tierces ; the prices
are without any variation. Prices continue firm in this market,
and in some instances rather an improvement was obtained on
middling descriptions, with nearly as much business doing as
during the preceding week. The Refiners have bought strong
low brown Jamaica at 495., and strong gray St. Vincent's from
50s. a 525. ; Grocery sorts at 50s. have been much in request ; seve-
ral Wards of new Antigua, in good condition, have been taken
from 51s. a 575. In the Refined market there is little change
this week; there are few goods offering, but fully adequate to
the limited demand. There is no alteration of any consequence
in this market, which remains much in the same dull state as
last week. For the Hamburg market a few parcels of ordinary
large Lumps brought 645. 6d., but at this price there are now
but few buyers; in fine Crashed the sales are confined to small
parcels from 335. a 345.
EAST INDIA SUGARS.-The public sales have been very
numerous this week, consisting of Manilla, 2,512 bags Bengal,
and 1,890 bags Siam ; about 550 bags washed from 225. a 235. ;
Siam, good white, 9.45. 6d. a 255. 6d., fine white, 265. 6d. a 275. 6d. ;
Bengal, good white, sold from 245. fid. a 255. 6d., washed 225. 6d.
a 255. 6d., being steady prices. There have been only two
public sales of Mauritius, consisting of 5,362 t aos, which went
off with more spirit than of late, and some of the strong lots sold
rather higher ; low yellow from 495. 6d. a 505., middling yellow
51s. a 525., gond yellow 535. a 545., good brown 495., good strong
gray 525. a 535., fine gray 545. 6d. a 565. 6d. This day's public
sales 5,033 bags Mauritius sold a shade lower, particularly
Sugars about 51s. ; 2,056 bags Siam sold at former prices.

FOREIGN SUGARS.-As holders of this article are not
inclined to sell, there has only been one small public sale. By
private contract no considerable transactions have taken place.
COFFEE.-----The Foreign is rather higher, ord to good ord
St. Domingo, 595. good ord coloury. 60s. a 61s. East India
maintains the late prices. All British plantation descriptions
are again is a 2s. lower ; Jamaica ord, from 745. a 755. good ord,
755. 6d. a 76a. fine ord, 78s. 6d. fine ord, SOs. a 80s. 6d. mid. 82s.
a 83s. ; Dominicl fine ord bought in from 795. a SOs. ; Brazil
ord sold from Ms. a 555. good ord, 578. 6d. ; 20) bags fine ord
were sold at 61s. ; Havannah fine ord sold from 625. a 655. 6d. ;
low mid was 'sought in at 68s. 6d. ; Sumatra ord sold from 51s.
a 525. ; good ord, 535. a Ms. 6d. ; Ceylon good ord, 545. 6d. and
555. ; yellowish good ord, ss. 6d. a 565. ; Mocha good ord sold
from 725. a 745. ; mid, fine yellow bought in at 114 s. ; St. Do-
mingo ord was bought in from 575. a 575. 6d. good ord coloury
seas bought in at 595. This day's public sales 143 casks 10 bls.
42 hags British plantation sold at nearly former prices ; the
good Dominica is. per cwt. lower ; 715 bags Sumatra at 535,
which is Is. higher.

COAL MAR
Per Ton.
Adair's 18s. t d.
Bensham Main -- 17 0
East Percy ------- 16 6
Hebhurn Ma,n IS 0
19 6
Ord's Redhngh . 16 0
Pontop Windsor— 16 6
latdield 18 6
I,oc 1,1 ey .. 18 9
Willington l9 0
kVylain ----- 19 0
%Valls End Bell & Co.— tiO 6
Ditto Bcwickc and Co. 20 6
Wall•En : Callerton 17 0
t,, Clarke and Co. 17 6
Walls End Cosi:4th 20 3
Walls End Ileaton-- 20 0

L,k:l.—May IS.

Per Ton
Walls End Riddell's.... 19s (d
Ditto Newbiggen -- 17 0
Ditto Northuinoerland 18 6
Ditto Perkins and Co.— 19 3
Lambton's Primrose...— 20 (i
%Valls End Lainbton—... '22 6
,zt.•wart'q 22 6
Walls End Stobart's—..., 16 6
Walls End Adelaide..... IS 9
W. E South Durham IS 6
Walls End 21 0
Cowpen ---- 17 6
Walls End 18 0
Graigola 21 6
LlangennechPemberton 20 0
New Flockton, I%lilne,
and Co.
Silkstone Field and Co. 18 0
Sou h Iletton Seam...—. 16 6
last market-day, 66.

Ditto Hazlerigg-.. 17 3
Ditto Killingworth 19 3
Ships arrived since

REFORM MEETINGS.

DEVIZES MEETING.

(From the Devizes and IViltshire Gazette, May 17.)
A public meet;ng o, the inbabi,auts of Devizes and its
vicinity xvas on Tuesday last held in the Long Room of the
Bear Inn, for the purpose of agreeing to an address to his
Majesty, and a petition to the House of Commons, on the
delay of the Moira Bill, and the resignation of his Ma-
jesty'. Ministers. The room was entirely tilled, and all
present appeared enthusiastic in the cause fur which they
had assembled.

Mr. LOCKE having been unanimously called to the
chair, and having stated the objects of the meeting, ex-
pressed his deep regtet at the necessity of their thus as-
sembling together. He had hoped that, ere this, they
would have been enab ell to meet under very different aus-
pices—to congratulate each other on the final success of a
measure they all held nearest their hearts. He could not
have contemp'ated that that measure—introduced (as it
was) by a most enlightened Ministry, sanctioned by hi.
M jesty, approved and appl.uded by the people, and which
had twice passed the House of Commons by large maj
would have been defeated by a faction in the House
of Peers. Let u• not, however, (said Mr. Locke)despair ;
if the people be united and determined—steadily and tem-
perately deterinin-al, it will not be in the power of any
faction, even though led on and manoeuvred by the great
Captain of the age, to prevent the people of this land from
ultimately obtaining their just rights. After some further
observations, Mr. Locke entreated a fair hearing for every
one, who felt disposed to address the meeting, and sat down
amid loud cheers.

Mr. C. L. Putters, in moving the first resolution (for
which see advertisement) briefly adverted to the cause
which had led Ecri Grey to resign office, but expressed
his conviction that he would speedily return ; for however
well c ilculated (said Mr. Phipps) the great Captain, who
was stated to be the present Premier, might he to conf-
ound an army, anti he would not detract from his merits
in that respect, he was totally unfit to preside over the
councils of a great and a free country.—(Cheers.)
Mr. CARTWRIGHT sp.tke nearly as follows :—I assure
you, Sir, that up to the present period, politics have had
but a mad share of my attention ; but at this moment,
such is the extraordinary aspect of public affairs, that I
think every man who calls himself an Englishman—every
man, whoever he may be, is required to utter his voice,
and brace up his spirit, in order to resist what I cannot
help describing as a conspiracy—surely, the foulest, and
the meanest that has ever existed, against the rights and
privileges of our native country. In the resolution which
I have the honour to second, and the addresses to his Ma-
jesty and the house of Commons, which will be read, I
heartily concur ; they appear to embody, temperately and
dispassionately, what ought to be said by a patient, though
disappointed people, to a King whom they love, anti who,
they are grieved to see, has been led astray ; and also to a
House of Commons, who have minfully fought the battles
of their constituents ; anti I assure you, I rejoiee in being
perstiadettl they will nut shrink from the people's cause until
they have established the people's rights in the reform of
that Constitution which has been so sullied by the venial
tread of the holders of, and traders in, what we moat justly
describe as rotten boroughs. I smile at the last argument
which sonic of the Peers have used against this Bill.
They tell us that all the literature of the nation is opposed
to Reform and Reformers; they kindly allow a small por-
tion of intellectual capacity to the learned professions, a
little more to the heads of coLeg s, and then a modicum
to the Church ; but the mass of it is divided amongst the
high-minded, incorruptible, and gloriously patriotic as-
sembly, where sits my Lord Vane Londonderry—Ellen-
borough—and that paragon of quirk—Deed Lyndhurst.
But let us tell them, that literature is not always found in
company with sound sense : that theory is sometimes not
fact, and that intellect has not lost its quickness, though it
may never wander into the mazes of the schools, nor have
lien taught to consider the worse as the better reason, be-
cause it hanens to lie in the road to the fulfilment or an
unworthy purpose. Sir, there is sane word in this restelo-
tion which 1 like, it is integrity. _ Were Ito name the

highest principle in man, it should be by this term. Is
there any thing so noble? Could I worship any thing in
human lorm, it would be the man who, by an undeviats
ing curse of integrity, convinced me that neither fame or
ambition, wealth, honour, or pleasure—no, not even life
itself, should weigh more than the dust of the balance
against the approval of an enlightened conscience. To
such men we must look—to men of principle only. Let
their talents be less—honesty is better than talent, if we
cannot have them united. I grieve to think we have lost
such ; and almost &spiting as I do to find any fitted, or
worthy to succeed them, I do hope his Majesty will call
them back to hit counsels, and thus erect to himself a
throne in every une of our hearts.

Mr. Scorn said, it had fallen unexpectedly on him, to
move the second resolution, a tabk, which he should re-
'pecifully have declined, for want of notice and some lit-
tle preparation, as he thought that no man ought to ad-

Iresa such a meeting as the present without some pre-
imts ; but believing, as he did, that in tbs.
-solution he was about to propose, all present won!
•st•ree, he accepted the duty imposed upon him with th,
sss hesitation. That resolution is, that ‘• the that.ks of this
testing be given to Earl Grey and his colleagues." He
.ed not say much t.) a 'meting, 4s well aware as he. wa
'iimse!f of the peculiar merits of the n bleman whom ht.
n common with a great majority of the people of Eng
regre.ted to call our late minister. Of his splendi.'
ability he had given numerous and recent proofs; but ht
lttsst-ssed a Quality still more pr;zs,d by Englishmen
solitical and private integrity. He then referred to the
eriod when his Lirdship hat retire:l from office blmaust
e was sot at liberty to bring forward the Citholit
I.4u.,stion as a Government measure; spoke in terms o'
sigh praise of the manner in which he had recently ac,
. . .

,epred office, bargaining for nothing sordid nr selfish, but
iiisiaring on the Reform of the House of Commons to gra
trfy and accomplish the first and ardent wish of the peo-
ale ; and of his retiring, when he found his intention•
Frustrated, with untarnished honour. He then asked into
whose care the new-born bane `• Reform," was about
to be delivered ? Into the hard hands of a parisl
nurse, who would just give it barely sustenance enough to
keep it in existence. He had heard many persons, for
chose opinions he felt respect, object to Lord G►ey's
drop.rsal to carry the Bill by a large creation of
P-ers, on the ground that what was now done for a good,
might at a future period be done for a bad purpose. Those
oersons forgot that no Mrnister,however profligateor daring.
could carry a measure, against which the people of Eng
land 'elt an almost unanimous obj'•ction. What gave Lord
Grey and his coadjutors their main support at this nut-
ineot ? The ardent wishes end indotnitattle spirit of that
very people. Would that people show less firmn ss or courage
should a military adventurer attempt, by a similar measure
to defeat the wishes or oppose the interests of English-
men ? He next observed, that the corintry had been rid-
den by a Tory Administration (except for a abort period in
1806), for more than half a century ; the consequence was,

that' nearly the whole of the Peers created during that long
period, were themselves Tories ; at first obedient sery tuts
of their makers, and then a power ful band, leagued toge-
ther by a common tie, for the purpose of keeping down the

people, and dictating to their S ivereigns. It had now be-
come necessary to introduce a large body of Peers, he hoped
not fewer than 100, with different feelings, objects, and
interests, to restore the balance of the Constitution, gran.
the people their just demanle, and give to the Sovereign
his full proportion of power and weight in the state. Mr.
Scott next adverted to the measures taken by the party
now seeking office. Their great leader (would to God
that he had confined his effn•ts to that prof; ssion in which
he had been distinguished above all o. hers of his contem-
poraries !) After having declared his aversion to all Reform,
having protested against the measure as subversive of the
Monarchy. was now endeavouri -g to form an Administra-
tion, under the banner of Reform. As yet he had not
been able to recruit a man even from the mercenaries of
all parties, and he hoped that no man would ever be found
to accept office under him. The doing so would he a fatal

hlo vto the characters of public men, ior who could rru•t
persons, that out of office opp ,sed a measure, which in
offitte they would promise to carry with undiminished
efficacy? He agreed with a previous speaker that integrity
in public or private men, was a quality more prized by
Etta irci than talent, and was curt tin that the country
would not accept even the boon of Reform, from any trrn
whom they must consider as d.ficient in this indispensable
requisite. He next defied any man to si.y that tl.e inte-
erity of Lord Grey had ever, Even by a whisper, been inn
peached ; every act of his life was unsullied, and impatient
as the country had recently been for the creation of Peers,
they waited m silence, but confidently, for the moment
when Lord Grey would resort to that measure, because I e
l•ad pledged himself that he would Jo S) when he found

it necessary. He then added, that when he named Lord
Grey, he meant, as the resolution did, to include the
whole of the late Administration in the proposed thanks,
because they had all perlOrmed their Farts with ability,
honesty, and firmness. For Lord Lan.downe, the Chan-
oiler, and L..rd Durham, be personally entertained the
highest respect ; but as in the case of great battles. thanks
were by name given to the Commanders in Chief, although
all may hive equally done their duty, he had confined him-
self to the name of Earl Grey, while from his heart he
thanked, as he hoped this meeting would equally do, the
other members of the Cabinet.—(Loud cheers.)

Mr. HUGHES observed—it had been truly said, that no
one ought to peseta himself to such a meeting as the pre
sent, at such a crisis, without p.eparation. He should,
thereore, have felt come apology on his pirt necessary, vs
he had but that instant been called upon to take part in
the proe•edin:4s of the (fay; hut, that in seconding and
supp oling tbo resolution which hod lust been proposed.
he telt he did no more than every Englishman, every one
who veneratql the rights and liberties of his country,
would readily anti cheerully do. The people owed a de-,
of gratitude to the late (and sorry he was to be obliged to
call it late) Adminiqtratio”, for the great exertions it had
made in their behalf; and it became them as honest men
to express their sense of gratitude. He confessed he was
glad that he had been ca led upon, for it gave him an op-
portunity of thus publicly avowing himself a sincere and
a stanch Reformer; and he heartily supported the
motion.—(Ch,:ers.)

Dr. BRA HA NT said—lf evr r there was a period in which

it is ir:cumbent on every man, unshrinkingly to avow hi.,
principles, such a period is now arrived—arid therefore,
though retirement is more coneenial to my taste, and to
any habits, I do nut hesitate to stand forward in defence or
_ .

the sacred taus- i❑ which we are now asscmh!ed. It it a
duty we owe to our forefathers—to the Sidnrye and Rus-
sells and Hunpdens, from whom we have derived the free-
dom we enjoy ; it is a duty we owe to a spmpatbizing na-
tion of out contemporaries ; it is a duty we owe to our
vosterity, who, except the nation's efforts prevail, will
have to how their necks under a military despotism.
Placed on the veige of a contest, the issue of which no
nun knows, it is right to survey well the ground on which
we stand.

" He is thrice arrn'd who bath his quarrel just."

The British nation. from one extremity to the other,
claims a reform in the representation. It does not a-k it
as a boon, it demands it as a right :—it demands it first
as a natut al right. The powers of mind and body which
God has graciou-ly bestowed on the individuals of our
species, are each man's own property; his eyes, his limbs,
his thoughts, are his own ; and if his faculties are his own,
the pr perry he gains in the fdr exercise of those faculties
is also his own ; ro other individual of his species has or
ran have a right to a single particle of it. It he chooses
to exchange any part of the property so acquired. in pur-
chase of the necessaries or comforts of life, he claims the
right to make the contract himself ; if he gives up a por-
tion of it to purchase civil protection, he has the same un-
doubted right to lay out his money to the best of his judg-
ment ; and in case where it is impossiile for him to do it
himself, and in his own person, he has a right to send a
representative to see that the contract is duly made, and
duly fulfilled. But further, the British nation claims a
reform in the represea ation as a social right. Every
association, every community. h is an unquestionable right
to such laws, and such institutions, as the majority ap-
prove. A nation is but a large community, and surely it
will be conceded that the majority of those who pay the
t ,xes, claim a change in the representation. But the British
nation his a constitu:ional right to a reform in the
representation—tor it is an undisputed principle of the
constitution, that they who are taxed, shall also he repre-
sented. Once more: it is an admitted right—admitted
twice by the act of the House of Commons, and admitted
in pt inciple, however rf luctantly, by the Lords. Let us
now survey, briefly, the conduct of name Lords who have
frustrated the objects of the Common., and disappointed
the hopes of the nation. First, then, their conduct i•
pl,inly unjust. It is in open defiance of the rights of the
people. Secondly, it is unconstitutional. In proof of
this, it will be enough if I read the resolutions entered on
the journals at the commencement of every session t
Toat no Peer bath any right to give his vote in any
election of Members to serve in Parliament ; and that it
is a high infi ingement upon the liberties and privileges of
the Cannions of Gre it Britain, for any Lord of P alla-
ment, or any Lord Lieutenant of any county, to concern
themselves in the elealion of Members to serve for the
Commons in Parliament." The conduct of the Peers is

trogratetul to a nation from whom they derive their dizni
ties and privileges. The King derives his d gnity and
power from the people; and so by parity of reasonine
do the Peers. I remember the time when men were
found who still talked of the " divine right of Kings;'
but every one now knows, that if a divine right be
a:needed to Kings, it must be conceded also to Popes, in-
quisitors, pirates, to all who, by whatever means, have
possessed themselves of power. The conduct of the Peers
is impolitic. Many of us remember, and all have heard
of the French revolution. Those who are solicitous to
deceive, are accustomed to cite the French revolution, as
an instance of the calamities resulting from the difftision
of liberal principles. If I know any thing of the !natter,
and I do not speak without having examined the subject,
the French revolution, with all its horrors and atrocities,
had its origin in the injustice, rapacity, and oppression of
the • Government, and especially of an insolent peerage
It was, indeed, the perception of this injustice, and the re-
sentment thus excited in a wronged and imsulted people,
which led to the French revolution. The Anti-Reformers
tell us, in excuse for adhering to the present system, that
it works well, Those who wish to see how well it works,

must look back to the history of the last sixty years, f
the two ruinous wars in which we have been engage,/
elle most iniquitous in its principle, the other at its corn
.nencement, to say the leaf.', very doubtful in justice
tecereity. Those who wish re know how well the system
.corks, should look to the hundreds of millions paid t
civil and military officers during those wars; and also t.
he Extraordinary Bleck Rrok. But the Anti Reformer
tell us, that the nation has risen to great wealth an,
power under the present systom : the plain truth is, tie.
the British people are the most informed, the most moral
Ind the most industrious people on earth ; the ineeneiii
end industry of oer artisans, and the integrity of our mer-
chants, have conspired to.elevate the nation to opulence
and thus enabled it to bear up under an unexampled low'
rl taxation Those who fill their own purses, directly 0
indirectly, from the public revenue, and it would be diffi
cult to count their number, are all mightily attached to
the present system. "Itis a model of perfection." Thsii
ideas of good Government corre.pund pretty exactly weth
the ideas of good government entertained and put it,
practice by the eon eras of Lincolnshire. A gezzard of
Lincolnshire plucks his flock of five hundred or a thousand
tzeese five times e-year, and nurses tirs in with great tender
ness and care, that he may continue to carry on his system
of plucking. So there are many arist .ctats. who are en.
tirely of opinion, that the first object of eood government
is to pluck, and the second to protect, that they m ry con
tinue to pluck. I will conclude by observing, that the
fare of the nation is, at •his moment, dependent on the
cool and constitutional but determined conduct of the
people. I cannot read without emotion that two hundred
thoueanif men in one assembly solemly engage, " w.th
unbroken faith, through p-ril and through privation,
evote themselves and their chihhen to their c..untry'e
cause." I hope and trust that the same feeling ani-
it.ates every breast in this assembly.—(Dr. Brabant
sat down amid loud and repeated bursts of appl lose.)
Mr. MONTAGUE GORE, amid reiterated cheers, stele
to the followine effect : Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,
on rising to address you on the present occtsiou I
feel
deeply the urgency of the crisis in which we are placed,
an I my own inability to do justice to the resolution which
has /teen intrusted te me. "%V are met here as English-
men, to deliberate an the measures which it behoves us to
adopt at a moment fraught with importance to the vital
interests and welfare of our country; and I trust that in
the remarks I am about tai address to you, I shall meet with
rhat induigence which I :may claim, if not for the cor•
rectness, at least fur the sincerity of my views. I stand
taut here to flatter your prejudices, but to censu't your tn-
t rests—the country's interests, and to advocate the prin-
ciples of jitatire and of truth. In the resolution lam
about to submit to you, a great constitutional question will
be put to the test; for the resolution is, that you should
petition the House of Commons, and by so doing avert
from the country the catastrophe that now impends over
it. Now it has often heen stated, both in speeches atol
writings, that the House of Centurion., is the safely-velve
through which, in times of public excitement, the feelings
of the nation may find a safe and secure vent; and it lets
erer been considered as not the least of the many advan-
tages which we enjoy under the consti ution of this re elm.
Linerly may by the H :useof Cormrions he preserved secure
from despotism on the one hand, or popular lieentieueness
on the other. To that House, then, it is proposed that
we should address our petition, and that we should request
it "to withhold the supplies." The withholdieg supplies
is unquestionably a strong measure, and nothing but
imperious necessity could justify you in peitionieg the
House of Commons to adopt such a measure. But to
accomplish erry end, we must use means commensurate

with the diffieultiei we have to encounter; and we may
wish for ever, and in vain, for Reform, unleso we c u
&vise the means of obtaining it.—Now 1 know m

no means that could he devised, at once so efficient and
so sate, as withholding the supplies. If we would
succeed in obtaining the ohl•ct of our wishes, we
must proceed in a legal aed constitutional method. This
I maintain you trill do, by adopting the resolution I shall
propo,e. The constitutional right of Englishmen to pe-
t,tion the legislature, no man, I presume, will he hold
enough to gainsay. Such meetings as the present have
been called t,y an illesttiors Duke a farce ; or rather

would bay, that some underling had made the observation
for him : fur, differing as I do, from his Grace in opinion.
still I hold hint to be a sensible man, and no sensible man
would have given utterance to so absurd a notion. We
meet then to pe ition, according to our undoubted and
unquestionable right as Englishmen, and we petition the
House of Commons to exercise its equally undoubted rich.
of withholding supplies. The right of that House to de•
termine all matters relative to taxation is one of the first
and must important principles of the Constituticn—one of
our noblest inheritances as freeborn Englishmen ; a right
which has not only been upheld by political philosophers
in their writings, but has been still more boldly supported
by Hampden and others in the field and in action.
The advatnue of this constitutional mode of proceeding,
may be illustrated in another point of view. The two
Houses are in a state of collision : the Peers oppose, the
Commons support the Reform Bill. How is this to end ?
Are we to wait till the trade and resources of this nation
wither and decay ? It la-is been proposed that this col-
lision should be put a st,p to by a creation of Rters.—
That proposition has not been acted on ; but by withhold-
ing the supplies, it appears to me that the same result

may be produced. In the next place I would suggest
that this is the safest mode of proceeding. Under the en•
thusiastn of the moment, many schemes and proj'cts have
been suggested by men who, in their eaerness to obtain
time end, overlook ti e prudence and wisdom of the means
they suggest. There is one proposition of this nature,
respecting which a diversi.y of opinion will probably
exis,, amid from which, with all due deference to the judg-
ment of others, I must b.-g to dissent—l mean the pro-
posal of not paying tax s. Tfis measure I conceive to be
uncalled for, and unnecessary : and that it is far preferable
we should petition the House of Commons not to vot,
taxe,,, than that we should resolve not to pay them. Let
us leave the battle of our liberties to be fought by our
ent,loonsse.n rTephr:iesseirsitaattiovnesce% tshaefea,reanna of the
effieien Houss
efficient,
of C
and
aom
consti-
tutional mode of proem ding. Whit we want is the Re-
form Bill proposed by Ead Grey. We care not from
whose hands we receive it, provi .ed it be unmutilated and
efficient: we look to the virtue of the measure, rather than-
to the int n who may bring it forward. But be the
Dli-
lusters who they may, we will take at their hands nu re-
form in which the great principles of the present urea-ur,

ire not preserved unimpair. d. By what magic the King
can form any new administration which should introduce
such a measure, I profess not to understand ; but if by any
caba:istic arts such a cabinet can he formed, I would nut
•ejeet Vie Reform Bill, if oifTed by them. The Reform
13id, itself, is but a roll of p ,rchinent, and all its virtue
and efficacy consists in its being the surety against misrule
and corruption for ever afer. Give me this Reform
Bill, and I care not who be AlLister, for it will art.
the., people with such power as no Minister will be
able to withstand. We ask the House, then, to with-
hold supplies from no particular individual, but fron.
any Ministry that shall decline to bring forward a Bill
of Reform equal that brught orward by Eirrey.
Not only is Reform o essential to the fw.lfare, but itl caGn no
longer be refused with safety to the State. It is, indeel,
s rid by some that this wish for Reform is a feeling but ul
yest-rday ; that it originated in the French and Belgic re-
volutions, and other temporary causes, and will speedily
subside. For answer to this I will appeal to the speech or
one of the Waverers, Lord Witarneliffe, who, on a recent
occasion, declired, that from his a. quaintauce with th.,
state feeling in tile great manufacturing towns and dis-
tricts of the norfla of England, he felt himself authorizett
to say, that the desire for Reform was no new, factitious,
or momentary feeling, but had long taken deep and eiti
rx.le rout in the mind, of the people of this country.
And where is the mean, I will no,: wry bold, but rani.
and reckless enough to contemplate unmoved, the cala-
mities that may ensue, unless this wish of the prop-
be gratified? The thee great principles of the measure
brought forward by Lord Grey, are disfranchisement, err.
franchisement, and extension of the constituency. But.
argue the Tories, we will commence by enfranchising a
certain number of places, and will then disfranchise in
proportion, in order that the present number of members
may not be exceeded. So that, in fact, disfrauchisetuen•
is with them a matter of mere arithmetical calculation.

I advocate disfranchisement not upon arithmetical calcu
'titian, but upon constttutional principles. The wort
" borough" was originally used to signify any place where
the populaion had assembled in greater numbers than
the county at large; and it was thought desirable that opu-
lent and populous places of this description should have
representatives. But when the population in such places
has decayed, surely they are no longer entitled to thi,
right. This is the principle on which I advocate disfran-
chisement, without regard to the numbers of members ew
way or the other. Now what we require of any Ministry
is, that they must give us the disfranchisement of all close
and nomination boroughi—the enfranchisement of Man-
chester, Birmingham, Leeds, and the other great empo-
riums of trade and manufactures—and an extension of the
constituency. If these three great principles are obtained,
e have placed the iherties and interests of the count' y ot.
t sure and permanent basis; but less than these, we toil.
not accept. Let ins, however, entreat you to contino
peaceable; let your victory be achieved by the constitu-
tion, and not in its despite. When in the days of Charles
the First, the nation resorted to violence, there ensued first,
anarchy, then military despotism under Cromwell, which

eras followed by the restoration of the old iynaety. But
' ellen James the Second was driven from the rbrone, it
vas by the mere force of ;Odic opinion, by which the
'ewer of tyranny was paralysed. By public opinion, the
drerties of the country were then pte-ereed, end pieced on
i firm, durable, yet bloodless basis. It'you attempt to pre-
by force, you will grasp at fiber te but fi 1 ooprea.
.ion ; you will lose your treedetn at the very e,omerit when
you fondly fancy you are about to le,in it. eed ge
eouthielves in the horrors of anarchy and confusion, which
'ill tore i ate only in military .ie.eot7sat. la eonclumien,
let me exhiet you to ex! ilsit •he firioneeta, the resole ion,
the spit it, but at the same time the calmness and temper
ahiclr is characteristic of Britone.—(Lewl e.hrers.)
The Rev. Mr. Mayo priced a high eidoe.uel on the
character of Eat I Grey, and in the tourer, of his observe-
,ions said, that be bad keep, ntly beard his fa,her (who
was at E-on with. his Lorrtship) rem-Yrk, that he was the
oust honourable and upright boy in the Nihon!,
fir. E. WAYLIN here rose and said he had beard with
great pleasure the high eulogium which Mot been paid to
the talent, and conduct of Earl Grey, and his late col-
leagues in office. None could be inver..tble t the indefa-
tigable and unwearied exertions of
,that patriotic noble-
man in the pursuit of the great object, he e, eeavotired
to r ffect : such transcendent. tale :r:, .tad sm.+ etinesty of
purpose, such exhibition of atiiliay to ettile the councils of
e great nation, and especially such determined zeal with
vilich he had pursued that object, amidet very species of
opposition, had never, he thoualit, been displayed to a
e•eater extent, by ,ny statesman in this conntry, or in the
Nerld. Now. viewing the cote'uct of Twee., whose
unfitness to govern bad be-ti prrwt,l 0r a 1t.04 system of
misrule from which the natien to .r distant period will
eentinee to euff-r, it was unreesonabl- ti expect a wise
system of adruinistratien at their han.is mule, may eitcuen-
seances. But by their conduct 'luring the Lilt ei4hreeta
months, they hal ceased to dire:cull:l, t'reir motive,
.tud they now stood unmeeked hcfere the oeople as an
unprincipled faction, whose "le object was to pi-esi.e at
the helm of affiire, and guide the wheels of Govern.
merit, at whatever sactifi, e of principle. By the most
foul and deep laid conspiracy, had they succeeded in
defeating and airiving from office, tloir poittiell oppo.
rents; and in so doing had allietay got the whipleind of
the people in the pre-eat struggle. It wa., therefole, with-
out the least wish to prorfuec uny ifivi.,.itto in the meeting,
that be regretted that in the androas to eze Kieg. there was
no alhaion made to the ;..4rtie, I.e m-341,:.,1; to CGUritiiß,
r, in his opinien, it would be' a tw,i,•na ifi.g-spe to ae-
t.ept, even a measure of ftet.'rnr hoar tile bake of Welling-
ton after his declaration en the ete.jezt ; seal e•pecially
after the persecutions, etrberassmeres, and oiyosition,
which the late patriotic 3linisiry tine r-ee'v'.‘'. from the
party to which he i,eloneed. It had beet, and he
l,itnself felt satisfied of the travel tit' vie stettel nee teat by a
united effete, the people could at this ereive inetire the
pees;ng al the Reform Bill rcith•n ry -!n: re period.
Why then should not those men have the r. etii nt .t, who
:or an many months have kern rixcrrit,4 ,1! their ftculnes,
writing their health, and stiff,eing a'l the .from which en

atifeeling and an unprincipled oppeeeet couhl Trap upon
them ? Why should not those glorious inn. into whose
hands we committed our cause, bring the set ugeiee to a
successful is-ue? The Tories had tn.. lung ht•H give
of government ; the Wtegs had ;riven pried' of their supe-
rior statesmanship; le, not the people tt•erefere desert them.
Mt. SCOTT submitted, that .ve roulit not dictate who
the King should have fur his Minieteis.
Cape. TAYLER said, it would have been desirab,e, if
the reselut-ens and the petition were framed to meet
the unanimous concurrence of the ineetiee, se that
there might be no schism among Refer:net-4. To tbat
part of The petition to the 11-wee of Commons, which
prayed that no supplies niilit be granted to • any
_Ministry until the Reform B•I; Tea cart ied, be de-
cideoly objected ; an-i be presumed Viet even t',e worthy
Coairman. who was Cap-tin of a y eimenry corps c-uld
not consistently sanction such apr +ye!. Capt. T iyler
then observed, that the nislority of the present ll•tuee of
Commons were decided reformers, thee. the cons, quenc of
their withho dine ;he eupplies wauld he their dissolutien,
and that the majority of anew Parliement might he as de-
cid, diy opposer to all Reform. The Ceptetir ex-
pressed his confidence that the King would do ail ih it a
King dared do, for the tieirteise of securing the rights • Ibis
subjects. Being much inte. rupted, while alluding to
the merits of his Alajesty, hr exclsimed—What, tarn, has
become of the boasted loyalty of the Devizes Refertuers?
You, who a few months since heaped opprobrium on the
Corporation for nit yielding their opinions even to their
Sovereign—would rue, forsooth wt-•'t to make it appear
that the Sovereign was something more or leas than man,
and would endeavour to prevent me from even alluding to
his high merits. lam a Reformer from princiule, but I
am for my King ! emphatically exclaimed the Captain.
The milks of disapprobation here became so loud end to
general, that we could not catch the remainder of his
observations.
The Chairman and Mr. Scott endeavoured to obtain a
fair hearing for the Captain, but there was a general dis•
inclination to listen to any thing in opposition Cu " with-
holding the supplies."
Mr. LocxL: teen rose, and with much animation, said,

In consequence of the allusion which C,pta4l T,yler has
made to me, I fed it necessary to st,itc, that c,,oid I for

one moment suppose, that my holding a cor..uis.sion in the
yeomanry, or any other commission, would tn:ptive me of
my rights as a citizen, either to express if,y opinions, or to
support, by any means in my power, the just, rig!its of the
people, I would instantly resign that commission ; but I
ain persuaded that no commission held by nn, will inter-
iere with my endeavours to promote, by every legal and
constitutional means, the attainment of those rights. I
f will prreever~, avourable to
have
Reform, for many years ytre.a.rts
t(hseaipd,ollpfire-.
Locke) brio
they have done, steadily, temperately, and const,tiri inally,
in their endeavours to obtain it. I hope they will not be
oetrayed into any acts of violence, which it will be no less
my duty, than my inclination, both as a magistrate and a
yeoman, to suppress. Should the occasion unfo.-iinnately
arise, 1 should not hesitate to ex,- i th rc.se p!,wers I pos.
s,ss as a magistrate to premsrve the public peace, or it me-
ee.ary, draw my sword in support ot the -civil !newer.
The motion was then put and carried, th rt the [is= ition be
agreed to—there being only four ltan,s held t:;) ac ..inst it.
Mr. ARMSTRONG proposed that the Ms:guess ol Lana.
dowse be r. quested to Fh,asent the address to .he King,
and expressed Ins hearty concurrence in the glowing eulo-
ium passed on that distinguished Nottlemao, in conjunc-
tion with his colleagues, by Mr. Scott. Witt regard to
what had fallen from Dlr. Waylem, Mr. Armstrong.
thought it would not be quite decor,:us to snip his M.,jesty

ot his prerogative, and name his Aliiii-tet% for him; be
,übinitted that they went as far as good art,' loyal ,übjectd
could well go, in imploring hit Atatesty to place his confi-
dence only in men of integrity—men who are not ruere!y
o:edged, but sincerely disposed to carr,. tneaiure of Re-
form as efficient as that proposed by his :4.j, sty's lat-
nistet s ; and he appreh,n,ird that such tutu were only to
be found in hit Majesty's late M,nisters Air. Armstrong
expressed a hope that Mr. Wayleo, on reflection, would
take the same view of the subject.
Mr. WALL, in proposin.; that the proceedings of this

ineeing be inserted in the Devizes Gazette; amid—lt
.roulti presumption in me to trespass on your time,
atter the eloquent and foicittle addresses you have heard
roan some of the gentlemen who hare prceei'ed me ; but
iiere is one observation connected with this resolution,
which I c.innot rtfrain from rt.uciitg ; which is, th!it the
ptople of this country are giev.ly ro .1 large ma-
jority of the public pr sa, fur tie noble and sp:riteu man-
aer in which it has advocated t'ue cease of Rdortn, and
the rights and liberties of the peotie ; yhroiigh the
same channel we will teach the secret advestra of his
whether they are clothed ip petti..oatm o lava 4-eves,
or with coronets un their brads, of wicbo that the
people are determincd and will have vie Ref. rai Bill.

Mr. Scorr observed, that a letttte, er.titr the signs.-
tote " of Argus," had appeared in Lie Staadard nexi-
,aper on Saturday, in which it as ert,ed, that there had
.teen a magnificent display of foe- a:et..es tt• Dev:zes to eels-
:if:ye Lord Grey's " betng kick'd out of tittle," In ord, r
to give this the lie direatt, he thought it would be well to
insert the proceedings of the day Iu that paper. A propo-
sition was Accordingly put from the chair to that effect;
oid on a shew of hands,
Mr. WALL ros, and said, ns he was one of those who
help up his hand against the motion, he thought it due to
ate meeting to state his reason for su doir.g. It was well
known, he said, that by the inser'ion of the resolutions al-
•u fed to, in any piper, some profit would accrue to the
Editor of that piper : he therefore subtnittad that the
Editor of The Sun, who had taken so much pains, and
tad incurred so much expense, in coonsiunieating the
earliest intelligence all through the kiegdoin, relating to
he Reform Bid, had a prior claim, and it as mare entitled
their support. Besides, the object of the tnntion would
!,e more fully answered, as the circultv.ion of The Sun, he
conceived, was far greater than that of the Standard. end
would therefore los, the medium of communicating the re-
solution,' to a greater portion of the perop.-
Mr. ARNI,TRONG observed that by inserting the resole-
ohs in the Standard, We should is only holding out a
,iremium to telling lies; and from what he kt:pw of mat'
ia per,. be would forfeit. his ex tlitrtlec if,. for retry adree-
eietnent so procured for ir, it did not ni us anoteer
Argus." He therefore proposed that the resolutions be
oserted in The Sun, which was put and carried unarti-
,.ously, Mr. Scott having express,d his approbation.
Mr. Riogazu. propoeett a vote of thanks to the wet thy

and respected Chairman, whom he designated as the tried
fiend of civil and religious liberty. While gentlemen tit
the same rank had inviolably turned their backs upot,
tht.m, Mr. Locke (he observed) had been their unflinching
advocate—presiding at their meetings, and supporth,g
their rights. All that he demanded now was a vnte ot
thanks; but he trusted that at a 'future day, Mr. Lock.
would be entitl.d to another consideration. The most
eoti•usiastic cheering followed this hint, and which lasted
for a considerable time. . . _

._.
Mr. LocKE, having expressed his acknowledgemen,s,
thrice three hearty cheers were given, and the meeting

rated.

DERBY MEETING ON THE RESIGNA-

TION OF MINISTERS.

(Abridged ft urn the Derby Reporter.)
When the lamentable intelligence of the Administration
tinder Earl Grey being dissolved arrived in Derby, it be-
came the determination of a considerable portion of the
inhabitants to call a public meeting. Some w•ggons
were speedily engaged in the market-place, on which the
M yor, who h itt been called to the Chair, took his station
together with the gentlemen of the Committee.
Mr. Wat. BARKER said, that the share in the proceed-
ings of the day assigned to him, was to move an address
to the King, expressive of the sentiment of the people of
Derby upon the present unexampled and perilous crisis in
the affairs of the nation. (Mr. Baker tl en read the ad.
dress to the King, which was received with much cheer-
ing.) He did not so much contemplate riots amongst the
people, the breaking of windows, or the deetrnction of
property, but he looked forward to the possittility of wit-
nessing events, the very thought of which filled him wine
horror; events which had occurred in the history of this
country, and which might occur again when two great
parties should contend in arms for the government of the
State. They had all some idea of the horrors of war,
carried on by rival nations in countries which were prin
ripally or almost purely agricultural : where the cattle
might graze, and the crops grow to maturity, while con
tending armies fought for victory. Great, however, as
seus the misery of war in such countries, it bore no com-
parison with that which would he caused by a civil war.
In a country like ours, and amidst a population so large a
proportion ef which was engaged in manufactures and
telt-Wirt-efts: where, if the daily production of such article-
as cte"..tti be exchanged fee food, were to cease, famine anti
-,t2rvation must soon follow. He thanked God that the
Mead/ere of the House of Commons bad proved, by their
eaite upon Lord Ebrington's motion, that they remained
faithful to those pledges which they gave when they were
c'ected ; and while the Haose of CI MIIIIMS remained true
to us, it was in their power to ensure the success of the
great cause which we were this day met together to support,
by %topping the supplies.—(Cheers.) Mr. Baker con-
cl..ded by moving the Resolution with which he had been
etattusted, which was to the effect, that his Grace *h.,
Duke of Devonshire should le rt quested to present to the
liiag the address which he had commenced by reading to
them.—(Great applause.)
The Rev. T. Mieerra, M.A., seconded this resolution.
It is evident that we have been guilty of a kind of amiable
weakness, in entertaining a better opinion of certain
persons than they deserved—that we have been indulging
sentiments and views of a far too generous and lib ral na-
ture respecting them—and that henceforth we must ne
longer put from us the conclusion that they are so stulti•
lied in intellect, and abandoned in principle—so confined
:o their opinions and sympathies to the nutshell of their
own iiidividual existence, as to shrink not from risking a
nation's peace and happiness, in order to gratify their love
.4 power and sordid peculation.—(Cheers.) The experi-
ence, I say, of the last few days, has taught us this lea-
son, and though the instruction may have been communi-
t aced in a way and manner that has been painful, I doubt
teat but it will be in the future salutary to us and to our
cause. We may learn from it, that henceforth there must
be no truce between us and the enemy—that Tory ism
is still the same frightful monster, with the same revolting
features, as in times gone by—and that there is no maze
el iniquity but what it will thread—no artifice, however
tn,an, no trickery, however despicable, but what it will
• utploy, in or'er that its bloated carcass may continue to
be fed and fattened at the expense of others. —(Cheers.)
Gentlemen, when I think of the magnificent projects
which his Majesty's late advisers entertained—when I
think of the great practical benefits which they were
pledged to bring forward—l feel that lie who has any
spark of patriotism burning in his bosom—he who has
any concern for the dearest interests of humanity—he who
has the cause of a country's peace and welfare at heart—
ehotild be up and be doing to the best of his ability, small
and insignificant as the mite may bp, to place at the head
of our affairs those who will hold their office, not for their
own private aggrandisement, but for the common weal of
the community.—(Applause.) For what, gentlemen, I
ask, were the measures to which the men to whom I have
referred, were pledged? Why, they were pledged to make
law cheap, and justice certain—they were pledged to de-
atroy monopoly in the East, and put down slavery in the
West—they were pledged, according to their ability, to
relieve us from the oppressive load of taxation under which
we suffer—they were pledged to teach the Sovereigns of
Europe, that they must henceforth reign for the happiness
and benefit of their subjects—and, above all, they were
in the very act of securing to the Throne the affections of
the people, by granting them their lawful birthright—a
"-aicx in the representation.—(Great applause.)
The first resolution was then unanimously carried, with
loud applause.
Mr. WALTER Pixx moved the second resolution, spoke
as fellows :a—lt fortunately happens for me, that the reso-
inti n I have just read is so much in unison with the
sent tents of an immense majority of my fellow-towns-
tne no persuasion can be necessary to insure its
ado tion. Does not England, Scotland and Ireland ring
twit s the trumpet voice of their sons, in loud and impa-
tient demands for redress of wrongs, perpetrated in their
own Utilise of Parliament? H eve not Reformers of ever]
vette agreed to forego their individual opinions, and unite
with Earl Grey and his patriotic colleagues, to eject the
intruders who have taken possession of their birthright
Yee their birthright,—for there is no inheritance se
dear ,o Englishmen as freedom, and true liberty consists
in consenting to the laws, through our representatives, by
w ,ich we are called upon to pay our quota to the ex-
penses of the State. The manly conduct of Lord Ebring-
to t deserves the greatest gratitude of his countrymen, and
th no less prompt and patriotic conduct of our Repre
sentative, Mr. Strutt, is to me, and I have no doubt it is
to the whole of this meeting, a source of pride and plea-
sure.—(Great applause.) If the representatives of the
people maintain their present position, victory is as cer-
tatn as if we had taken and sacked the strong-hold of cor-
ruption ; and if they do not maintain their present po-
sition, it will be the fault of the people. The people led
on by their Constitutional leaders are invincible in a
righteous cause: but mind, your enemies the borough-
mongers are as wily as the cunning fox ; they have not
touched a farthing of your money, or trenched upon any
of your rights, without taking care to keep themselves free
from the fangs of :he law. Gentlemen, catch them there if
you can ; catch a wend asleep. Now this attention to the
form of law, is of immense advantage, and unspeakahly
better than that club law by which some of the Barons
of old used to plunder and rule their helpless vassale.--
If some of their descendants empty our pockets, they
dare not incarcerate our ps mine, anti the time is at last
tome, (thanks to the mighty exertions of an independent
press, which has so enlightened the great bulk of our
countrymen,) when we can contend with our oppressors
with their own weapon.—(Cheers ) Gentlemen, we have
been taught how to conquer by keeping the law. Catholic
emancipation was carried by agitating the equity of the
question ; but mind, it was carried by keeping within the
pale of the law. If the law be broken, the agitation of the
important question of Reform will be deferred; the great
. bulk of your countrymen are too wise and too cautious, to
resort to violence to accomplish what they feel they can
attain by constitutional means.—(Great app'ause.)
Mr. JoHN BYNG seconded the resolution. The second
resolution was then passed unanimously.
Mr. Jowasou, of Albion-street moved the third resolu-
tion, " that the thanks of this meeting be given to our re-
presentatives, the Hon. Colonel . Cavendish and Mr.
Strutt."—(Cheers.)
Mr. THOMAS BINGHAM seconded the resolution, which
seas then put and unanimously carried.
Dr. FORISTEa proposed the fourth resolution.
Mr. SEVER. N E seconded this resolution, which was
cat ried by acclamation.
Mr. Hoop moved the next resolution.
Mr. H. GISBORNE in seconding the motion, said that

great advantages would ensue by giving publicity to the
sentiment of the inhabitants of the town by this meeting,
and it would prone to the boroughmongers and Anti-Re-
forming Peers, that the reaction which had taken place
in IN-rby, was a reaction in favour of Lord Grey's Bid.
[: would also prove to the King, Lords, and Commons,
that to satisfy the peop'e we must have more Peers, or nu
Peers at all.--(Great applause.) This resolution was
carried unanimously.
31r. BYNG, sen. then moved the thanks of the meeting
o the Mayor, fur his attention to the requisition, and for
his patriotic condtct in the chair. This motion was se-
conded by Mr. S. J. Witicwr, and carried with unani-
mous acclamation.

The MAy7)a"..;;turned thanks.
"e meeting broke up, and rpareted in the same ierxl

order and patriotic feeling that had characterised the pro.
ccedings of the day.

BAKEWELL, DERBYSHIRE, MAY 16.

(FROM OUR. OWN CORRESPONDENT.
A public meeting was held here yesterday, when at.
Address and Remonstrance to the King was passed ; ale
in Aldress to the Commons. There were some spirited
tud two or three eloquent speeches. Mr. James Taylor,
(lie able writer on the currency question), Mr. Cocker.
nd John Barker, Esq., (Burre House) were the abler
sp,akers. Mr. Walthall also delivered his sentiments
boldly and well. Bakewell is the property of the Anti-
Reforming Duke of Rutland. Is it a sign of reaction
hat, in his Graee's own town, so many assembled on this
occasion th it the meeting was obliged to be held in the
marketplace, as the Town Hall could not hold half the
assembly? The feeling was thst the Address to the King
'vas not "a compliment ;"—it is ably written. Whet
the Bill passes th-re probably will be a public meeting of
congratulation. The inhabitants are much indebted to
The Sun for its spirit and activity in anticip sting the
u-u,l channels of news communication. It is the Linda!,
paper in which the meeting, :ma voce, agreed to advertise
the resolutions.
