iIOETRY.

Fthni the MSS. COLLECTIONS of the late DANIEL BEL-
LAMY, formerly of St. John's College, Oxford, afterwards
Of Lincoln's Inn, Gentleman.
FICTION I.
THE EAGLETS AND YOUNG CROWS.
An Eagle and a Crow, by chance unknown,
Foster'd each other's Offspring as their own.
The hippy crows, by their new parent fir'd,
To mount the skies, and view the sun, aspir'd ;
But the poor eaglets no ambition know,
Bred by their inauspicious nurse, the crow.
This the effect of EpueATioti shews ;
The crows grew eaglets, and the eaglets crows.

FICTION 11.
THE NIGHT BIRDS AND THE SUN.
In a thick shade, the owl, the bat,
And other night-birds, met to chat:
They rani, like Ladies o'er their tea,
And nothing pass'd from censure free;
Amongst a thousand things, at last,
Reflexions on the Sun were cast.
He was offensive to the sight,
A busy, and impertenent light.

Phoebus o'erhears ; and thro' the trees
A whisper runs ;—" with how much'ease
" Can I destroy you, if I please !
" With one bright beam, one piercing ray,
" Make you dissolve like wax away !
The pow'r is mine, but not, the will.
" Indulge your folly : rail on still ;
" But know, when you are dead and gone,
" I still shall please ; shall still shine oa."

THE APPLICATION.
Envy should never giVe us paint
The best resentment is disdain.
• . (To be continued.)

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, &c.

EGIIAM, SEPT. 25.
The annual sports on the celebrated Runnymede commenced
this day. Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of
Clarence, with the Earl and Countess Harcourt, were the only
distinguished characters we noticed. There was by no means
such an assemblage of beauty and fashion as we have frequently
reported ; nor was the company in general so numerous as at
former meetings. The Duke of York did not attend as Steward,
but Mr. Ramsbottom officiated for him.

The Magna Charta Stakes of sgs. each,' with 34gs. added from
the Race Fund. One mile, for all ages.
Mr. Dockray's b. h. &lir% - 6 yrs - -1
Mr. Scaith's b. f. by Whalebone, 3.yrs - - 2
Mr. Vernon's ch. h. Hoopoe, 4 yrs - 3
But little betting-6 and -
7 to 4 on- Whalebone.-A very
pretty sporting race, and won by half a length.
The Bulkeley Stakes of 3gs. each, with 50gs. added. Heats,
once round the course, for all ages. The winner to be sold
for 200 gs. if demanded.
Mr. 'Whiteside's ch. h. Wouvermans, 6 yrs - 4-1 1
Mr."Schith's b. f. by Whalebone, 3 yrs - 1 4 2
Mr. Field's b. g. Tybalt, 4 yrs - - - 5 3 3-
lklr. Pearce's b. 1. 3lisery, 6 yrs' , - - 3 - 2 dr.
Mr. Heathcote's b. li. Cerdenio, 6 yrs 2 dr.
Tlis was one of the finest races ever seen.—Tybalt agst. the
field, first heat ; second, 6to 4 agst. Tybalt ; third, the- field
agst. Tybalt.

The Cricket match announced in a former Paper to be ►layed
on Wednesday last, between the Gentlemen of the NI alsall
Club and thos,.. of Footherley School, took place accordingly,
when the following notches were obtained by the respective
parties :
FIIIST INNINGS.

SECOND INNINGS.
Walsall . . . 23 Walsall . . . 33
Footherley . . . 11 I Footherley . . . 25
Majority in favour of Walsliall, 30 notches.--(Birmingham G az.)

'WE YMOUT VI, SEPT. 25.—Our Races, which took place
last Thursday and Friday, (a correct account of which was given
in THE SUN of yesterday), exhibited a brilliant display of rank,
beauty, and fashion ; nearly 100 Gentlemen's carriages (in-
cluding six four-in-hand) were on the ground, besides gigs and
vehicles of every description; the spectators were innumerable.
The heatS on eall day were well contested, and the Course
(which is most delightfully situated, and has commanding views
from every part,) was kept perfectly clear by the active exer-
tions of the Clerk, Mr. Thurman. It is now upwards of 25
years since the late King, Queen, and Princesses, honoured it
with their presence, to witness a race on a malice scale. His
Majesty was then known to have expressed himself in terms of
admiration of this beautiful and picturesque Marine situation,
which belongs to J. Weld, Esq. the Steward.
Among t)ie company' present we particularly noticed, Sir
Lawrence and Lady Palk, lion. W.. 1-1. and J. Scott, M. P.,
Masterton Ure, Esq., M. P. for Weymouth, Governor Penn,
Sir 11. and Lady OnSlow' lion. Mr. Petre, Hon. Mrs. Weld,
Sir B. and- Lad.y.Steale, J. Parish, Esq., Lady Nepttan,. Hon.
Mrs. Eertie, Colonels Clifton, Dorville, and the Officers of the
Ist Royal Regiment-of Dragoons, H. Portman, Esq., T. Billett,
Esq. (late High Sheriff), Mrs. arid Miss Billett, and the follow-
ing Gentlemen of sporting celebrity : J. J. Parquhaisoii, H.
Biggs, Esq. M. Mills,
,Esq. and R. Radelytfe,_Esq., &c. &c.
A Gold Cut), value 100 guineas, and sever:dPlate3 will be run
for next year. Six Gentlemen have already subscribed 10 guineas
each, and the Tradesmen also intend giving another Gold Cup,
of 10() guineas value, and we have much pleasure in announcing
that U. Buxton, Esq. has accepted the office of Steward.
_ _

To the liberality Of J. Well, Esq. (the Steward), the Mem-
bers of the Borough, the Gentlemen of the Committee And to
the great z?al of our active M. C. the town is indebted for the
establishment of these sports, which cannot fail of being highly
attractive.- •

The Ordinary each day at the Crown Tavern and Luod's
Hotel, was well attended, and the Balls at Russell's Royal Hotel
Assembly Rooms were brilliant in the extreme.
Sir John Cok Ilippisley, Bart. and. Lady, Sir •John Cottrell
and family, Sir Henry Bell and ditto, Gen. Sir Loftus and
Lady Otway, and P. Collins, Esq. and Lady are just arrived.
The Town is particularly gay,' and the Balls and Theatre
very attractive.

THE THEATRE.—There was last night al-
most as numerous an, audience at Drury-lane
Theatre as has attended during the whole of the
season. The new play, Geralcli Duval, not-
withstanding critical censure, increases in attrac-
tion, perhaps chiefly owing to the general merit of
the acting, but particularly that of COOPER in the

hero. This performer now ranks among the best
actors of the day ; and while he keeps to his own
manly style, and avoids that new school. which

has seduced some of his competitors, he will as-
snredly rise still higher in public estimation; but
he must disdain tappings, starlings, and all the
familiar clap-traps, which can only "matte the ju-
dicious grieve." The new farce of Monsieur Ton-
son is suspended on account of the illness of GAT-
TIE, whose active and able exertions have greatly
contributed to its popularity. The author, how-
ever, deserves credit for the ingenuity with
which he has expanded the original tale into
so much dramatic effect.

The veteran' MuNorN, who declined accept-

ing auy summer engagement, either in town or
country, it is now understood, is in treaty with
Mr. ELLISTON for a limited number of nights at
Drury-Lane neat re.—McAnows, from the Bath

Theatre, who is now about to make his debut o❑
the London Stage, at Covent-Garden, is the
son of MEAimWS, formerly a favourite Come-
dian at the Haymarket Theatre.—BAßTLEYim-
mediately after the close of the English Opera

House for the season, goes down to Birmingham
to perform there a few nights with Mrs. BARTLEY
and Miss S. BOOTII.—MISS STEPHENS has been
singing at G loucester, where, on Friday last,
sire appeared at the Theatre, in the character of
Rosetta, in Love in a Village.

FOR TILE SUN.

FLOATING DOCK.

Ma. Enttort—Having accidentally seen a lei.;
ter in The Morning Chronicle, signed " Aar Iat-
i'ARTIAL OBSERTER," tending to doubt the prac-
ticability of a Floating Dock, on the principle of
which he has seen the model at Mr. Couiernoe's
Dock, Rotherhithe, I will endeavour to shew in
theory the simplicity of the attainment of what his
shallow knowledge of Nautical Service doesnot ad-
mit of his comprehending. If "An Impartial Ob-
server" had examined the model, lie musthave per-
ceived that the invention.consists in the means used
to sink the Dock down to the draught of the ship
intended to be placed within it; and after this object
is accomplished ,the gates are closed, and the water
ejected by a pump or engine, in the process of which
the ship within the Dock is :bore i up, and the
Dock becomes as dry as any one Constructed on
the banks of the Thames. It this simple and
plain matter of fact statement is incomprehensible
in the' head of 64 An Impartial Observer," I
shall despair of any further effort of mine being
more successful ; but as he has only dealt in
doubts, and, in my opinions entered the field for no
other purpose than to vent some feeling af pique
against the inventor, a venerable Flag Officer
(Admiral SCRANK,) whose loss of sight, and
great age, disqualify him for Newspaper con:.
troversv, I have felt it my duty thus to reply to
him. On the utility of sliding-keels, I beg to
recommend to " An Impartial Observer" the per-
usal of Lieutenant GRANT'S voyage in the Lady
Nelson, a vessel of only sixty tons, built solid with
three keels, which has been in New South Wales,
in constant employ for twenty-one years, and has
only once required repair. This vessel was com-
manded some years by Lieutenant (now Captain
William KENT) of the Royal Navy, who can
vouch for this fact.

A SHIPWRIGHT.

HORRID ATTEMPT AT MURDER.

[Further Particulars.]
3,rantsionounu-STREE T.—Betweelteil and eleven o'clock
lasatie.y night, the watchmen on duty in Charles-street,
Drury-lane, were alarmed by the most piercing shrieks and
cries of " Murder!" which were shortly followed by a loud
noise,- apparently as if a heavy substance had fallen into the
street. On proceeding to the spot they found a decent
looking man lying on the ground in a state of insensibility,
ard
,beeding most dreadfully at his ears, nose, and mouth.—
The first object of the watchmen was to convey him to the
_Middlesex Hospital, where, having received medical assis-
tance, he recovered a little, and was then able to relate what
had happened to him, which was in substance as follows:
He was enticed into a brothel in Charles-street by a female,
who, after robbing him of about 201. in money, called in seve-
ral ruffians, who beat him most dreadfully with bludgeons,
anti afterwards threw him out of the second floor into the
street ! The surgeons found his skull most dreadfully frac-
tured, and notwithstanding every attention was, paid to him,
he expired yesterday morning; but he was all along so
weak as to be unable to give his name or address. The officers
immediately instituted an inquiry into the matter, and five
women, including the landlady of the house, on whom great
suspicion rests, were apprehended, and lodged in the watch-
house, but the landlord and some men who lodged in the house
have absconded. The prisoners yesterday underwent an exa-
mination before' the Sitting Magistrate, at this Office. Mary
Petit, who was the first examined, it was deposed, by a female
who resides in the opposite house, was the person who forced
the unfortunate man from the window with violence.—
Petit denied all knowledge of the affair, the man accompanied
her home, and sent her for some victuals, for which be paid,
and during her absence he was forced from the window ; on her
return, she saw him hanging put, and he fell • she took him to
an apartment belonging to another female, anti she heard a quar-
rel of a violent nature between the man injured and another
voting man, living in the female's room, where she went. The
iatidls;dy- of the house (Mrs. Hagerty) said, he jumped out of
the window, and her husband, who was at home at the time,
(but who has since absconded) had nothing to do with The affair.
The young woman, to whose apartment Petit took the man,
knew. nothing of his being thrown out of the window ; a man
who lives with her, and not yet in custody, had a quarrel with
the man now in the Hospital. Purzrnan and Roberts, the Offi-
cers, who apprehended the prisoners, saw blood upon the
stairs, and was convinced there must have been a severe strug-
gle before the man was got to the window ; they were ofopirtion
that men must have been concerned in the affair. The priso-
•ners Petit and Hagerty, and the young woman to whose room
the man was taken, were remanded for another examination.

BATTLE EXTUAORDINARY.—THOMAS CRIB, the re.
nowned Pugilist, was yesterday charged at Marlborough-street
Office, with assaulting Joseph Johnson. The complainant
stated he had been at the Union Arms in Panton-street,
which house is kept by Cribb, about a fortnight ago, and
betted a .wager. of. two pounds with Cribb's, brother that
Randal would vanquish Martin in twenty-eight minutes.—
After the result of the battle was known he called upon Cribb
several times to get the bet settled;. Cribb at last asked him
whether he intended to get it from his brother? The other re.
plied, most assuredly he expected to be paid, for that he paid
all debts of honour himself. Cribb said he would bet him t:n
pounds he would not get paid at all ; and in consequence of the
other saying that he would, seized him, and dashing his head
and body against the wainscot and floor, flung him into the
street. He returned into the house, and Cribb served him again
in like manner. Cribb told the Magistrate that honour was out
of the question here, and that Johnson was a blackguard, and
he turned him out, as he wished to keep an ORDERLY ROUSE
FOR GEM MEN. The Magistrates ordered Cribb to enter into
sureties to appear to the charge at the Sessions.
CONTRABAND Goons.—A Lady residing at
the west end of the town, was summoned to the
Police Office; Marliiorotigh-street; yesterday, in
order to shew cause why she should not be convict-
ed according to the statute, for having in her pos-
session several articles of contraband foreign
manufacture. It appeared that information was
laid before H. DYER and J. FARRANT, Esqs:
that the defendant was possessed of the above
property, and the house of the Lady being
searched by some Custom-house officers,- some
property, consisting of valuable silk shawls, veils,
handkerchiefs, &c. &c. were found by them, and
seized, and their value was estimated at 151. 14s.
'file case being one which required the presence
of two Magistrates before a decision could-be
come to, it was postponed to a future hearing.
ROBBERY.--Monday night a most daring rob-
bery was committed in Whitechapel-road, on the
person of Mrs. Fox, a respectable -widow lady,
residing in Gloucester-terrace, Commercial-road.
She was seized, while walking, by a villain, who
thrust his hand into her bosom, and with great
violence tore a valuable miniature, set in gold and
pearls, which was suspended by a chain round
her neck, and to which was attached two gold
seals. The thief made off, but was subsequently
stopped and secured ; he had previously con-
veyed the property to his associates, with which
they escaped. He was taken before the Magis-
trates at the Police-office in Lambeth-street,
where he was recognised by the officers to be the
r...,storious Jack Lynn, who is the head of a most
formidable gang of robbers that have for a consi-
derable time infested that quarter. He was fully
committed to take his trial.

Several powerful chalybeate springs have been
discovered at Hemel Hempstead, a pleasant
healthy town, 23 miles distant from London.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY- EXTRACTS FROM TILE 11IORN IN G PAPERS,
September 26.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
We have authority for stating, that Sir Robert
Wilson.has written a' letter to the Commander-
in-Chief, demanding a Court Martial. Should
this lye refused, we are informed that it is his in-
tention to address a letter to his Constituents,
containing a staterm.!:t of particulars connected
with his removal, and to take no further steps
till the meeting of Parliament. He is to remain
at Paris till he receives an answer from his Royal
Highness.

[MORNING POST.]
The friends of Sir Robert Wilson state from
authority, " that,Sir Robert has not left Paris,
nor, for the present, intends doing so. He has,
however, written to the Commander-in-Chief to
request a Court-Martial, and upon the receipt of
an answer in the negative (which may be ex-
pected in course,) he will immediately address a
.Public letter to his constituents, and take no
Usher public step until the meeting of Parliament."
.11 e own that we expected from an officer who
has had the honour of serving in the British
army, a greater eagerness to vindicate himself
from the imputation, necessarily attendant on his
dismissal, of having acted in a manlier disgrace-
ful to the character of that army. We could not
conceive that any individual in Sir Robert Wil-
son's situation would rest satisfied with making
a request for a Court Martial, believing at the same
time that it would not be granted,and in fact know-
ing, thatin cases like his own, Courts Martial never
►•ere allowed. Neither could we anticipate that
ven if he were guilty of so much duplicity, he
would give authority to his friends to expose it,
by acknowledging that he expected, as a matter
of course, " an answer hi the negative," and had
actually made that expectation, or rather con-
viction, the basis of all his future proceedings.—
Can it ever be received as a proof of innocence
that a man has demanded trial, when he knew
and openly avowed that trial could not be
granted ? But, then, in confident anticipation of
a refusal, Sir Robert is preparing a letter to his
Constituents, and will then abstain from taking
any " other public step till the meeting of Par-
liament."' What private step has Sir Robert
%Vilson in contemplation before the arrival of
that period ? Does he intend to throw himself
upon his Majesty's mercy and generosity, and
by a frank avowal of any fault which he may
have committed, to seek for pardon and the
'restoration of forfeited rank and honours ?
If so, well may he adopt every expedient
which tends to save him from the necessity of
making to the public an immediate disclosure of
all the circumstances of his case. Well- may he
abstain from appealing to the country; if he can
still entertain hopes. 'that-an appeal tb' his Mo-
narch will be heard.. Biltif he has no such ob-
ject in view, his backwardness in coming forward
must appear, even to his best friends, a conscious
shrinking from the light. They have ventured
f..r and deep in his cause. They have published
statements of all complexions to soften away his
imputed offence ; they have contradicted and ex-
posed each other without the least hesitation or
compunction, and it is rather hard that he should
leave them to bear the whole brunt of the battle.
Such champions deserve more countenance and
gratitude on his part. They cannot fairly be
•expected to maintain the contest much longer if
they are thus deserted. They will begin to re-
flect in their turn ; and considering the gallant
Knight's astonishing quietude after his dismissal
from the army had been published, they may
perhaps come to the conclusion that the intelli-
-gence excited in him no Surprise, and that his
retreat from the field of action was occasioned by
his knowledge of the measure intended to be
adopted against him, and of its propriety.

[MORNING HERALD.]
The letters received in London yesterday state
that Madrid was tranquil. Some of them, how-
!ever, express an apprehension of commotion.—
But hitherto every effort against the Constitu-
' Copal system has beeti utterly despicable : the
little finger of the Adininistration, and that one
of the feeblest, has been snfficient to crusts
at-Al s, ilI be sufficyelt to put• doWn any* future
ffe t. -We_do not hOld...the..present, Spanish Mi-
ters -Nell: blalLestimatiOri,. and We an ti cipat -
cd, from communication with persons better -in-
formed than ourselves, thatl.heir'course would be -
marked, as it has proved,, by imbecility and
. public distrust. But it is the good fortune. of
Spain that her liberty does not, depend upon the
character of any Ministers:foe the time being,
or upon the good faith .of .her King. No,—the
sheet-anchor 'of the• Spanish Constitution ,is the
Cortes. They are happily invested with great, power.
1 without the disposition. to abuse it.
,This as-
sembly has passed through a period marked by
plots, treasons, and open rebellion, yet has borne
itself with a deportment at once firm and mild,
and with hands wholly pure of. human blood:
I t has even the merit to haVe withheld from, not
only the popular •fury, but from the justifiable
vengeance of • the laws—Elio, the blood-stained
Governor of Valencia; and the traitors of the affair
of Cadiz. -The-Legislation of the Spanish Cortes
will be regarded as a,monutnent of wisdom and
temper, perhaps without a parallel, in that crisis
of a nation's history whets the people are passing
from slavery to freedom. Their legislation has been
deliberate andcomprehensive, embracing but few
. laws ; those relating to great objects, upon sound
principles, and with a view to permanent opera-
tion. Not a single law of proscription, or vin-
dictive severity, has passed, and scarcely one of
- temporary nature, excepting the indispensable
ones relating to Finance. There is in the charac-
ter and proceedingsof the Spanish Cortes a strik-
ing and auspicious contrast to the fierce strife of
- the French Convention, and even to the hurry
and enthusiasm of the Constituent Assembly.

•
LNEW TI mts.]
The letters from Constantinople are to the
85th of August, and from Smyrna to the 18th.
Their contents are entirely of a commercial cha-

racter, and make but little mention of poittiCs.
It is, however, gratifying to learn, that tranquil.
lity continues undisturbed in the above two
places ; and that the disgusting. scenes of car-
nage and plunder, of which they have lately been
the theatres, have, for the present at least, sub-
sided. Much anxiety prevailed at Constanti-
nople, to learn the tenor of the reply of the
Russian Cabinet to the Note of the Ottoman
Government, which was expected every: hour.
The Bazaars arid other places of business
were gradually opening, and a general appear-
ance of returning confidence was manifested.--
At Smyrna every thing remained perfectly tran-
quil, and the fears of the English residents for
the safety of their property had been greatly re-
moved by the arrival of the Cambrian frigate,
which was well manned, with orders to remain
there as long as the British Consul might con-
sider it necessary. The Turkish fleet was in the
neighbourhood of Rhodes, having lately received
reinforcements from the Paella of Egypt. It was
still, however, not-considered equal to meet that
of the Greeks in a general engagement ; but they
were understood to be expecting some further
addition to their force from the Barbary States.
In the meantime the Greeks continued to. enjoy
the uncontrouled •sovereignty of the Levant, and
were daily gaining strength ; a circumstance
which caused great mortification to the Turks
who cannot but be anxious to obtain the ascend-
ancy by sea.

[TILE TIMES. 3
The hardspips entailed by our corn laws on
our Canadian fellow-subjects appear to have
sunk deeply into their minds. The Memorial
which we published a- few days ago has been
followed tip by.a *meeting of the merchants, &c.,
of Quebec, interested in the trade and agricul-
ture of the Canadas, at which some strong reso-
lutions were come to, explanatory of the dis-
tresses of the province, and of their causes.—
The resolutions import, that great distress exists
—that it is owing to the restraint on the impor-
tation- of grain and flour, the growth of Canada,
into. Great 'Britain—that a continuance of the
restraint will aggravate the ruin—that the con-
stimption of British goods in the Canadas will be
lessened by it; and that a petition be addressed
to Parliament for relief. This appears to us•to
be among those cases in which the argument is
wholly on one side. When we restrict the
trade of the Colonies to the mother country,
why add tither limitations to the first, and
such as derive no sanction from the prin.
ciple on which that first limitation is found::
ed ?'The colonial policy may indeed'• enjoin
a trade restricted to the parent state ; but
no policy does, nor ever can, authorise -a contrac-
tion of the trade which is carried on with,it.
The exportation of British wares to the Colonies
will be necessarily enlarged or diminished with
the extent of their exports to Great Britain. We
cannot fetter their industry without pinching our
own in exact proportion. Why. Canadian flour
and wheat should be excluded, when those of
Ireland and Scotland are received, it would be
hard to explain to the satisfaction of any reason-
able person ; but we are far enough from
acknowledging, as some of the Colonists con-
tend, that certificates of origin ought not to
.be required, in respect of all goods which are
admitted only on the footing of Canadian pro-
duce. If we- choose to carry on a free commerce
with the United States, let it be done, and wel-
come ; bit not under the guise of an indulgence
granted to subjects of the Br:tish Crown. Many
frauds were thus practised in the Timber Trade
between Great Britain and the Canadas, before
the last increase of duty ; and_ had those frauds
not becoine notorious, it is, Are believe, doubtful,
whether the duty would yei'have been imposed.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
It is somewhat remarkable that every year
since the return of- peace the regulation and im-
provement of our ,financial condition have been
considered as the- primary objects of Parliamen-
tary care, yet that Session after Session has been
permitted to'fiass away without a single effort
having been seriously made hitherto to accom-
plish these salutary—these necessary purposes.
In the mean time, however, we have not wanted
professions in abundance from the Ministers, not
merely of their willingness to me,eCtlie wishes of
the public upon these points, but we have even
had assurances frequently repeated, that schemes
of amelioration were contemplated, and that
plans of retrenchment were actually in the
course of operation. The public cannot but re-
collect the imposing effect that was sought to
be given to the appointment of a 'Finance.
Committee—with what sedulous industry the
members of it waded through the voluminous
and perplexed accounts of our financeswith what
candour they pointed out abuses, and suggested
improvements and retrenchments—and finally,
with what a semblance of good faith the Ministers
of the Crown, who were also Members of the Com-
'mittee, promised that they would abide in every
particular by the recommendations contained in
the finance reports. To be sure, these recommen-
dations, even if followed,were of very little value;
still it shews the degree of credit which is due to
the promises of Ministers upon the subject of eco-
nomy and retrenchment, when we know that
even these recommendations, which from the
constitution of the Finance Committee, must be
considered as their own suggestions, have not
been fulfilled in letter or in spirit.

If the reduction in the estimates of the next'
year be considerable, the Ministers must thereby
either stultify themselves, or prove the insince-
rity, or perhaps worse, of their former declara-
tions; because it is certain that no change has
been effected in the state of the country so great
as to render a reduction proper in the ensuing
year, which would not have been equally safe
and necessary in the present: But what have the
Ministers already done to redeem their own pro-
mise, and the still more sacred pledge which
they gave when they instructed the King to re-
peat their promises from the throne ? What
have they done ? They have reduced a few
hundred men in the •Army, and they have
published a Treasury Minute, extracts from
which have appeared in this Paper, concern-

mg the:Vromised reJuctions in :tile Civil
Departments. But even in this Treasury •
Minute there was still. but a promise-of retrench-
ment: The principal object of it: seemed" to be
the framing of a superannuation fund, from which
the public were undoubtedly to derive-no advan-
tage ; and in that portion of it which referred to
the actual retrenchment of expenditure, the
promised good was postponed indefinitely, until
mouth or promotion removed- the present 'Memo-
frki;t9 in office and permitted their places to be
•
' supplied by others whose salaries should be less
considerable. Will such a scheme as this satisfy

the hopes which must have been excited through-
out the country by the votes of Parliament and
the gracious promises of the King-I Could any
man in the empire, not being previously ad-
mitted to the secret, have 'fancied that any
thing else was •contemplated -by the votes
of Parliament than, an immediate redu6tion
in the expences of the country ? What is
there, we- should wish to know, so sacred.-in
the salaries of persons employed in Government
Offices, as the present day which should save
them even from reduction, when we recollect
with what little remorse thousands of the poorest
clerks were a short time since thrown desolate
upon 'the world ? The intention of reducing
salaries at new men enter the offices will cer-
tainly be, at some future time, attended with
advantage ; but if the' reduced salaries at the
expected time be a sufficient remuneration for
the labour, such laiour must now be overpaid,
and there is no good Zir sufficient cause for pre-
ferring the interests of the present race of gen-

tlemen in office.t.O the interests of the imblic in
general, and- to the public wishes, which have
been unequivocally ,expressed in favour of an
immediate retrencluner.t.—(/bid.)

PUBLIC DINNER- GIVEN TO JOHN WILLIAMS,
ESQ. BARRISTER.

On Thursday last, pursuant to public advertisement, the
friends of JOHN IVILLI,..4ria, Esq., Barrister, invited that
gentleman to a public dinner to be gavenin the Cabinet Ware-
room of Mr. 'Woodcock, in Fishergate, where it was intended
that the piece of Plate, ,consisting of a silver Dessert Dish,
which had been purchnsed by subscriptions -amongst the ad-
mirers of MY. 'Williams, rhould be presented as a testimony of
their approbation of his conduct during the trial of the Queen.
A public meeting of the Deputations from the,, different
trades that intended to , join the procession tnat was to
escort Mr. Williams into town, was advertized to take place
at Hardwick's, in St. John-street, ov Saturday evening
last, at seven o'clock. Tlie. Meeting took piece, and after
a little discussion, some preliminary arrangements were made
a* to the best mode of conducting the proceedings of the
day. The dinner tickets were half-a-crown each, consequently
a numerous company wewexpected to honour the dinner with
their,presence.
Preparations for the Piocession commenced early in the af-
ternoon, (though it was not expected that Mr. Williams would'
arrive earlier than half-past 5.) The first thing that appeared
was a small band of music parading down Church-street, but it
seemed to attract very little notice, and its 'only attendants were
half a dozen ragged boys. In about an hour after it returned
with the acquisition of half a dozen colours, and portions of as
many different trades : the whole procession at this time
amounting to about 120. They proceeded down Fishergate, and
from thence to the Lancaster-road, to await the arrival of Mr.
Williams. After remaining some time on Gallows-hill, that
gentleman's carriage appeared in sight, and was a signal for
marshalling the procession which was to escort him into the
town. The horses were taken from the carriage, and the pro-
cession moved on, preceded by a hand of music, up Friargate,
through the Market-placsa T ,•.1 to the Ring's Arms, in Church-
street, where it halted', and An Williams alighted from his car:
nage. He soon appeared at one of the windows of the Inn.
with an intention of addressing the assembly, which by this time
(half-past six) was become more numerous, being about the
hour of many people leaving their work.
The speech did not occupy. more than five minutes in the
delivery, the leading topic being the expectation of partaking
of the good cheer to which he said they had invited him. The
abrupt manner in which they were dismissed, had an evident
effect on the disappointed countenances of many of the gentry
present, (who probably had not a good dinner in vies) expect.
ung Mr..W. would have expatiated on the," liberty•Of the sub-
ject," " a free press," &c. &c. topics which they were amused
with by the radical host some time ago, and winch would now
have had novelty to recommend them.
The company, to the number of about 200, sat down to dinner
at seven o'clock, John Lawe, Esq. in the Chair, and E. Rich-
ton, Esq. Vice President. After the cloth was drawn, " The
_King" was given from the Chair with three times three. The
majority refused to drink this toast, and it was received at the
lower end of the room with marked disapprobation !—This was
an ominous beginning. (We must here remark, that though
we had prepared a report of the proceedings, we find ourselves
under the necessity of giving but an. outline of them.) During
the course of the evening, the health of Mr., Hunt was proposed
by his friend Mr. Huffman, which though objected to by the
Chairman, was received by the majority of the company with
rapturous applause. " Mr. John Smith and the Independent
Press" was also drunk; on which occasion the said Mr. John
Smith uttered a speech, in which for rant and violenee, he was
more than a match for Blacow himself. He talked about
" Massacres," &c. and denominated the Ministers, " vam-
pires," " bloodsuckers," &c. &c. most manfully. He also
rambled a little about the Paper Currency in a dark and enig.,
matical style, much after the manner of our friend the Chro-
nicle. On the health of the independent press of the Metropo-
lis, not forgetting the Old Times, being drunk, an individual
in the shape of a reporter to that ancient print, rose to return
thanks. That he belonged to the OLD Times there can be-no
doubt, for there was nothing in his language or manner to re-
mind us of any times that have occurred during the last hun-
dred years. During the course of the evening, several songs
were sung, written expressly for the occasion, of which we are
serrylo say we have not been able to procure copies. They
would quite have sparkled in our Poet's Corner. One of them,
however, the chorus of which was "till time shall be no more,"
quite startled us, as we begun to fear it would last till that pc-
nod. It was awful stuff—and yet Mr. 'Williams praised it.—
What a blasting effect has politics, when they bring a man of
learning and taste like him to stoop to such' flattery !
We would not have it supposed, that because there was
much that was ridiculous, there was nothing that was respec-
table in the meeting. Far from it. There were some indivi-
duals of the highest respectability present, but they appeared
to us to be much out of place there, and we think that they
felt themselves to be-so. Many of them are, we know, actuat-
ed by real principles of independence ; and we applaud them
for it ;—they are our own principles, and we shall ever profess
and maintain them. But we think they have, on this occasion,
taken a dangerous method of expressing their independence,
and will, we fear, soon- find themselves entangled with fet-
ters which they will find it rather difficult to shake off.
The radicals (who evidently formed the great majority) will in-
terpret their conduct at this meeting into a holdinn out to them
of the right hand of fellowship, and a pledge of a future coali-
tion with them. This, we are confident, many of them by no
means intend, and we would have them escape the snare be-
fore it be too late. If their cause be good, there is no necessity
for stirring up the mob to second. it. They may raise the
'storm, but they cannot rule it--they have not the proper quali-
fications for_ the task--their moral sense is not sufficiently
seared for that purpose. They cannot yet hear the Ministers
called blood-suckers, vampires, &c. without shrinking a little
they cannot talk lies by the hundred, and nonsense by the
hour. Thus diiqualified for the task they have thus unhappily
undertaken, we would have them to retrace their steps in time,
and spew themselves 'independent of that worst species of
tyranny, the tyranny of a LAWLESS 310B.—(Preston Sen-
tinel, Sept. 22.)

A few days since, two persons were fined for
exercising horses in the public market in Smith-
field. If this punishment was extended to the
outparts of the city, a great security would be
afforded to his Majesty's subjects. Yesterday
morning nearly fifty led horses were exercising
between the turnpikes in Old-street-road; one of
them was'near kicking a nursery-maid, with two
children ; and this nuisance is continued every
morning, to the great danger of foot passengers.
The parish authorities are bound to remove it.
