E'VENING- EDI I ON.

After a few remarks fro.:: Mr. 1-IU:dE te,e vote NI::
*greed 'to.
11i0004 for the Foundling Hospital in Dublin w to als'
greed to;
r A vote of 20,0001. for the House of I:idustry in Dub
In was agreed to without cl!seussion

150/. was voted for the Hib,rLian-Society of Dubiin.
10004 was voted for the Lyint,-in Hospital, Dublin.
1 • _ _

. e, 3
800
..500/. was voted for S:evens's Hospital, Dublin
/. for the Fever Hospital, and 5004 for the Hospital
of Incurables in the same city.
GRANT TO MAYNOOTH.
On a sum not exceeding 8,928/. being proposed to be
voted for the Royal College at Maynooth.
An HON. MEMBER expressed his regret that it
should have been brought forward at so late a period of the
Session as to prevent many Hon. Members recording their
vntes against it.
Colonel PERCEVAL bad always opposed this vote
tad regretted it was not brought forward at an earlier
Ped of the session. It was always proposed at the tail
''f, the estimates, and he thought the Government
'te
" this on purpose. The petitions against this
had increased immensely of late. He did not
Pt6Pose to divide the House because it would be
u"less, but if any Hon. Member chose to do so, he should
ertainly divide viith him
d COLE would di
" vide the House on this vote, if he
stool( ado-e,
b Mr. REDDINGTON said it was not the fault of Mem-
t. !rs oo his side the House that this subject had nut been
therto discussed. The Noble Lord, the Member for
• Durham, had long had a notice on the books on this sub-
ject, which he had been afraid to bring forward.
roaMij:.. HU.NIE believed, notwithstanding all the attempts
lato raise a prejudice on tits subject, that the great
virifY of the rople of England and Scotland were in
,inar of thie Grant.
h dr. MORGAN J. O'CONNELL said this question
V not be brought forward at such a late period last
Pico', as the Gallant Officer seemed to imagine.
0 Lord CASTLEREAGH objected to thus vote be-
46se he believed that the priests educated at Mar
!moth, endeavoured to subvert the Established Church, and'
6Y.eehlinat messes he could assure the House they had caused
liter ! tgin opposition to this vote in the minds of many
laqa 1 Protestants who had supported the measure of 1829
this feeling was gradually increasing in Leland.
..ord MORPETH thought the vote was too scanty.
p, would deny,
nee that after they had issued from Maynooth,
other priesth dallover the word, some of then.
would
min i oo s .
but a b gie in politics, a thing certainly to be deplored,
_ e elieved that while they remaieed at May nooth they
weqrkeet studiously aloof from politics.
' PINCH snpported the vote. . As a Protestant Dis-
teeter he
to v, thousht the Roman Catholics had a perfect right
v.°llll.ip their Maker in their own wav—(Cneers—and
ulf':nig that right it was but just to afford tin m the)means
peiltreetit,„
p those who were afterwards to instruct the
that ,:---(eneefo—more especially when they remembered
fe,,o;°"Y was voted by that House for the salaries of pro-
Cityl ilt the
of,
coi
(3t_he English Universities, from which the majo-
inhabitants of the country were excluded on ac-
Q"' f the -tests imposed.—( Cheers )
.tran,,
alit._ „ers were then ordered to withdraw, and the Cora-
Lee divided, when their appeared—
For the Vote
Against it
The V Majority —44
...
Or
Vote was then agreed to.
Ali our readanission to the Gallery we found
tile ft HUTTON on his legs, moving that the grant to
h_, üblin Society be reduced to 3,0001. That Society
ri:jettetae ken tio notice of the recommendation of the Corn'.
soeio,; znf that House, neither had they, like other
parc•o'es, brought their own property into account. A
newt-Goo rthis Vote was devoted to keeping up a general
interests o' which he considered detrimental to the real
, of the Seciety.
prllord MORPETH hoped the Hon. Member would not
baectss his motion to a division, for although the Society
Covenrnot obeyed the recommendation of the House and the
the
Illeof, yet as he believed the institution conducehed
Li.e. benefit of the inhabitants of the Irish metropolis
t bound to support the Vote.
"'lr. WYSE hoped that the Hen. Member for Dublin
~ uld
ought th press his amendment to a division, but he
thnot e House ought to express itself strongly upon
thec,
subject.
Sir 1-). NO RREYS supported the amendment.
I)i.. HUME thought the House ought to know what
~rOPerty this Society had, and he would advise his Hon.
thisrt end the Member for Dublin to divide the House upon
grant unless that information was giveu.
ar'L•wd MORPETH believed the Society had some funds
Was from private subscriptions, but what their amount
hetvfts ha did not know. If the present grant was reduced,
hought the inhabitants of Dublin would be deprived of
I most useful amus-ment.
Mr. REDINGTON would vote for the amendment of
the Hon. Member for Dublin.
After a few words from Mr. F. BARING, the amend-
Went was withdrawn and the vote was agreed to.
700/.was voted to defray the salaries of Commissioners of
Bankrupts its Ireland.
1,950/. was voted to defray the expenses of the Royal
Belfiet Academy.
17,1.80/.- was voted to defray the expenses of Public
Works. in -Ireland.
22,3281. was voted to pay the salaries of the Chief
Secretary and the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
12,3891. was voted to pay the Officers of the Household
of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
4,436/. was voted for the expenses of the office of
Paernaster of the Civil Service.
4,1504 was voted for defraying the charge of printing
and Publishing Proclamations of the Statutes in Irelond.
Ai On the vote of 3101/. far Nonconformist Protestant
nting Ministers in Ireland.
Mr. HUME said they could not be Dissenters who took
the public money—(a laugh)—and he should vote against
the grant.
Lord MORPETH defended the vote, and blushed to
think that it was not a larger sum.
~,. -7r• P. HOWARD said, that although Hon. Gentle-
-6n Opplite haggled about voting 8,0001. a year to the
Catholics, the' House voted this sum annually without a
dissenting voice being raised.
Mr. HUME—I beg your pardon—(Laughter.)
, Calonel PERCE VAL said, the Hon. Member for K 11-
~.`enY ought to have said that the Dissenters objected to pay
-uoney, elld not to take it.—( Laughter.)
The vote was then agreed to.
On the grant of 60,0001. for criminal prosecutions,
Colonel PE RCE VAL inquired the number of offences
anti convictions at the two last assizes for Tipperary.
~ Ms. PIGOTT could not state the exact number, but
Lew convictions were greater in proportion than in former
Yet's. 's The vote was 6,000/. less than last year.
.., he tote was then agreed to, as were the following :
33.163/..l''or the Metropolitan Police, Dublin.
3.144 fop elle Board of Public Works, Ireland.
7,0001. for town surveys in Ireland.
be 7,142/: ids for the Commission for reporting upon the
'Atom 'of railways in Ireland.
tt
"9.900/. for foreign and secret service money.
208,51.7/. for stationery, printing, &c., in the several de-
Partmentein En7tend, Scotland, Ireland, and the colonies.
16.0004 for law charges.
66.6604 for the convict hulk establishment.
and 235,0001. for maintaining convicts in New South Wales
Van Dimenen's Land.
25,000/. foe the expenses of the emancipated negroes
an d captured Vticans.
tvicor
1"d90/. for binJing, repairing, and indexing the public
31,000/, for the exp eases of Revising Barristers.
0f11,300/. for Sheriff's expenses, formerly defrayed cut
• , the civil contingencies.
89,990/• for charges in, aid of County-rates.
15,0004 for the Polish ReNgees.
.5.8124 to the Trustees of -the British Museum, for
t'a'e of Dr. Mantel's Cabinet of Geology, and of
,gyptian Antiquities.
On the sum of 7,350/. being proposed for the purchase
,4 pictures for the National Gallery,
Mr. HUME asked on whose authority and by whose
rt 'commendation the receat purchases had been made.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
%night tnere could be no difference of opinion as to the
roc sent • purchase of 'the only undoubted Raphael the
iGNllery possessed. Ile had ascertained that a similar sum
1514 bees offered for the picture by the Pa ussian Govern•
meat, but that they were unable to complete the purchase,
''„'ld therefore he had seized the opportunity to secure it for
"e National Gallery. He had the highest-authority for
tasking the purchase, and one of the Trustees of the
Nc.ttiontd Gallery had offered, if the country did not pur-
aeelaase it, to purchase it himself at the price which was not
d by the seller, but was the price effered by the agent
for Prussia.
Mr. WYSE said the authority of Mr. Greentham was
"eq! high authority in favour of the picture. He
had ueen it in the collection of Mr. Beckford, who
he knew had been offered a much higher price for the pic-
l6te than, had been given for it by the country. But he
thought it was desirable as it might not always possess a
Chancellor of the Exchequer who was a judge of works of
't--that,the House should be informed on whose recom-
mendations these purchases for the National Gallery were
made- The present was a most valuable purchase, as it
would tend'greatly, to the improvement of the school of art
...in tliis country;,: .
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER bad
ft it besioted in this instance to take the responsibility
Al 'on himself of making this purchase.
An HON. MEMBER thought the House and the coun'ry
cinght to feel grateful to the Right Hon. Gentleman for
t he promptness and decision with which he had acted.
The vote was then agreed to.
On the sum of 87,4811 being proposed to liquidate the
LA mulish claims,
Mr. HUTT could not permit this vote to pass, without
to; tking a few observations otl the conduct of the Chancel_
l
le:I 'of the Exchequer, relative to these claims. He con-
li eyed the conduct of that Right Hon. Gent. totally un-
(;l'.lled for and unworthy of him or the high station he held.
, What was the course that had been pursued by Mr. puce.
L' al. under similar circumstances ? Why, he stated that
' si did not like the vote, bet if the House. of Commons ,
v'''ste aoinst him he would agree to it.. Inth e present in.
n."e4l.t:Ae House of Commons had twice
.divided in favour
; ' toe claims; and, in spite of that, the Right Hon. Gent.
"fiased to bring the subject forward as a money vote, on
1 technical grounds.
I 'be CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER. had
2.1)1135ed the motion that had been made on this subject,
,00 s use he considered the mode in which they bad been
°relight forward moat unusual. The Commission had been
crdered to adjudicate upon the claims.
ltr. WILLIAMS wished to know whether the sum
Chat was now to be voted would be sufficient to pay the
tktrnaeintler of the claims?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
t 2 The
it would not. The
present claims amounted to a
ti;_l'it. sum, but he was in hopes it would be reduced by
uo. adjudication of the Commissioners.
bah'. HODSON HINDE regretted that some means
i ;, . not been adopted to bring the matter before the
Was I;,sOffat tin a Proper shape. It was extremely absurd
it
litict the Commissioners to adjudicate on claims which it
the intention of the Government to satisfy.
illasseemese..—

~reh;

The vote was then agreed to.
The folowing vums were also voted :-
50,000/. frr defraying the expense of steam communica-
ticn to India, by way of the Red Sea.
8 s•2nnl. for defraying the expense of the Civil Establish-
ment on the Bahama Island.
4,0491. for defraying the charge of the Civil Establish-
ment in Bermuda.
3.0701, for defraying the Civil, Establishment on Prince
Edward's bland.
9,980/. for defraying the expence of the Civil Esta-
blishments in Western Africa.
9,700/. for defraying the expenses of the Civil Esta-
blishment in Western Australia.
11,790/. for the support of Ecclesiastial Establishments
in the British North American Provinces.

18,895/. for defraying the charge of the establishment
and pensions in the Indian Department of Upper and
Lower Canada.
18,667/. for the salaries of the Governor, Lieutenant-
Governor, and other officers in the West India Colonies,
4,1631. for the Civil Establishment in Heligoland.
58,700/. for the salaries and allowances of Stipendiary
Justices in the West Indies and the Mauritius. _

30,0001. for Local Establishments, and for giving in-
struction to the emancipated negroes.
3,5401. for defrayi;:g the expenses of the agents for
Emigration.
16,0601. for the Civil Establishment in St. Helena.
2.4001. for the Civil Government of Nova Scotia.
6,0631. for the repair and maintenance of the Prideaux
Canal.
10,2501. for the new buildings at the British Museum.
3 5001. for repairing the damage at Portpatrick Harbour.
25.0001. fur erecting a model prison.
4 7001. for the University of London.
1.3001. for the School of Design at Slmersct House.

Mr. WYSE dwelt upon the great importance of a Na-
tional School of Design, a,:d abovo all, of giving therein
every facility for the study of the human fl;,ure.
The vote was agreed to, ac: wa► a vote of 8,5001. for the
experiss of the Po, r-law Commission.
On the next vote of 12,0001. for the Metropolitan
Police,
Mr. T. DUNCOMBE asked why the country should
be put to the expense of paying fur police sent down to
keep the race in various disircts, which should them-
selves meet the expense of the assistance they required.

Lord J. RUSSELL said it was not desira'ble to weaken
the police force, whose duties in the mc tcopolis were suf-
ficiently onerous,—( Hear, hear,)—therefore he had au.
thorised the adding 100 men to the force to answer their
country's demands.
Mr. DLT NCOM BE said it was equivalent to sending
soldiers—why not the districts pay for them?
Lord J. RUSSELL said the policemen were sworn in
often as special constables, to preserve the peace in country
places, sometimes there might be a necessity for two or
three msn to aid in an investigation, or take measures of
precauti ,n—to send two soldiers would be rather an ex-
traordinary force—( Loud laughter)—whereas the two
policemen would be aisiplv sufficient, and in a vast number
of cases had been instrumental in preventing riots.—
( Hear, hear.)
Alderman THOM PSON suggested the formation of a
a supernumerary police force for county service.
Lord J RUSSELL said that was in effect the object
of this vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS considered the vote hardly made out,
12,0001. for 100 extra men was quite inexplicable. Send-
ing down policemen to the mauufacturing districts was
cne of the surest methods of causing- disturbances. He
trusted the lion. Member fur Finsbury would divide
against the vote.
Mr. AGLIONBY did not know that the amount of
the vote had been justified, though he did certainly ap-
spove of its object.
Lord J. RUSS E LL said rather more than 5,0001. would
be sufficient for 100 men. He undoubt. dly hoped the
whole of the remainder would not be expended.—( Hear,
bear.) But there were many indefinite expenses : for in-
stance, he had sent twenty men to guard a barracks, think-
ing it expedient to divide the soldiery into very smal.
parties.—( Hear, hear,)
Mr. WALLACE could not conceive a better disposi-
tion of a police for;e than placing them at the disposal
of the Home Office for occasional service—an fur
assisting less dtsciened local forces.—( Hear, hear. )
Mr. O'CONNE L L considered nothing could be better
than having a police force at the disposal of the Home
Office—always ready to be sent down to various parts of
the country to prevent disturbances, tnereby avoiding the
otherwise necessary expense, and greater expense of
numerous local forces, less efficient. (Loud cries of
Hear, bear.") Roformers should be most anxious
to have an efficient police system to prevent those riots.
which more than anything else retarded the progress of
public opinion.—(Hear, hear.) Besides, this employ-
ment of the police was far less objectionable and uncon-
stioltional than the calling- in of the military.—( Hear,
hear.) He had been glad to find that not only on the
evidence of the policemen themselves employed lately at
Birmingham, but on the tacit admission of the parties
at the Warwick trials—the conduct of the policemen had
been most forbearing and commendable.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. D'ISR AE LI said the Government should g',ve the
House a full exposition of the state of the country—
( Ironical cries of " Hear, hear") S—and not ask votes
piece-meal, and disguising their real motives, at the
close of the dog-days—( Hear, hear, and a laugh.)
Lord J. RUSSELL would not say more than a word
to the very singular display of the Hon. Member for
Maidstone.--( A laugh.) The Government had, not long
ago, given to the House that full exposition of the state of
the country which the Hon. Member desired, and which,
singularly enough, he did not seem to have heard.—
( Laugh ter. )
Mr. T. PARKER considered the course which the
Noble Lord had pursued quite constitutional and highly
beneficial to the country.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. DUNCOM BE agreed in the importance of every
district having an efficient police; but thought that police
should be under local management.—( Hear, hear.) It
was, however, no use to divide.—( A laugh.)
Mr. M. PHILLIPS supported the vote, but coincid-
ed in the general propriety of placing local police under
local management.
The vote was agreed to. The next vote was 22,5001
for compensation on account of two American slave ships,
wrecked on the Bahamas—the slaves having been seized
by the Collector of British Customs.
Sir S. LUSHINGTON said the ground on which
this vote was proposed, had been that the seizure took place
at a time when slavery existed in the British Colonies;
and that therefore the seizure was inequitable. He enter-
tained, however, considerable doubt of the propriety of the
vote, because the slaves having touched British soil were
ipso facto free. The arrangement had been concluded
with the American Ambassador, but though the case could
never occur again he wished it to be distinctly understood
that this country, with all others, had the clear right to
form laws affecting any persons coming upon its territory.
—(Hear, hear.) And that now, no slave could touch the
soil of any portion of our dominions, without acquiring
freedom.--( Hear, hear.) He would take this opportunity
of informing the country of the horrors of slavery now per-
petrating in some of the American States, where rewards
were advertised for negroes, who shall be brought in
"dead or alive." It was fair, however, to state at the
same time, that in the Northern States, the greatest efforts
were making to rid America of this foul blot on the
escutcheon of her boasted freedom.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said, if he thought the case could
ever occur again, he would divide against the vote. He
was pleased iii reflecting that now, throughout the British
dominions, slavery could not exist.—( Hear, hear.) He
wished, however, to protest against this country acknow-
ledging the flag of that nest of robbers—of land-pirates,
the Texians, who had attacked our allies, the Mexicans,
and established a republic, of which, strange to say, sla
very was to be an essential element, bartering for their
slaves with the yet more disgraced Americans.—( Hear,
hear.) He regretted also to learn that in the other House
a measure had been rejected, the object of which was to
protect our officers and sailors in the execution of our
treaties for the prevention of the horrible slave trade
now carried on in Portuguese vessels, under the protection
of the American flag, and with fraudulent American
papers, as a cover.—( Hear. hear. )
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER con-
firmed the statement of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman,
that such a vote as the present could not possibly occur
again. He trusted, therefore, there would be no objection
to the measure.
Mr. HUME did not think a case was made out for the
vote. He wished to know whether any American vessels
in the slavelrade bad been captured by British cruisers?
Mr. WOOD was understood to say that two American
slave ships were captured on the American coast.
The vote was agreed to ; as also 1,000,000/, for the
expenses of the army in Canada.
The next voto was 176,9071. for the disembodied militia.
Several other items being allowed,
The House then resumed.
ADMIRALTY COURTS BILL. _ _ .

The Airt;i;:al;;-(;;Trt; Bill was ►then read a third time.

On the motion for its passing,
Mr. HUNIE said that proceeding on the ruthority of
air John Nicholl, he should move that the salary of the
Judge be fixed at 3,000/.
11r. C. WOOD opposed it.
The House divided ; there were—
For the original salary 47
Against it... l6
Majority 3l

Mr. HUME then moved that the Judge of the Mini-
ralty Court should be excluded from Parliament after the
present were dissolved.
Captain PEC H ELL opposed it. He hoped his Right
Hon. Friend would continue in that House, and that they
should soon have the fees of that Court revised.
Mr. O'CONNELL opposed it.
The House divided on the question—

For the motion 2O
Against it
Majority against it 2l
The Bill then passed.
METROPOLIS IMPROVEMENTS.
The House then went into Committee on the Metropolis
Improvements, and a sum of 200,0001. was granted for that
object, to be secured on duty on coal.
The Sale of Spirits' (Ireland) Bill was read a third time.

On the question that the Bill do pass,
Mr. O'CONNELL proposed to add a clauseb y way
of rider, to enable grocers in Ireland to sell spirits.
Mr. SHAW objected to the clause ;
he thought that
that
no system could be, or head been, more pernicious
allowing grocers to turn their
premises into dram shops.
Lord MORPETH observed that the objection in point
of fact came with a bad grace from the Hon. and Learnedint
Gentleman oPposite, because he had introduced a clause,
the evils of which it was now desired to remedy at a pre-
cisely similar stage of a former measure. He supported
the clause, as remedying an evil inflicted on a deserving
&ass of persons by a former enactment. He thought the
claMr. use perfectly compatible with the provisions of the Bill.
SON
Mr. REDINGTON opposed the clause.
said the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman opposite had introduced his clause by a gross
act of smuggling, he should support the clause proposed
by the Hon. and Learned Member for Dublin. 'f tic Or
feet of the measure had been to convert the grocers into mere
