AMAICA GOVERNMENT SUSPEN-
SION BILL.

At a MEETING of the COMMITTEE of " The PRO-
TESTANT SOCIETY for the PROTECTION of RELI-
GIOUS LIBERTY," held at the King's Head Tavern, Poul-
try, on April '29, 1839.
JOHN MELLOR, Esq., in the Chair.

It was Resolved,
I. That this Society, in their co-operation with other op-
ponents to slavery, and other friends to Negro Emancipation
have been mainly inspired by their hopes, that the progress of
Education, of Social Happiness, of Christian Truth, and of Re-
ligious Freedom, would be the satisfactory and glorious result
of all the labours and sacrifices that might be endured.
2. That they have observed with indignation and regret,
proportionate to such efforts and such hopes, the conduct pur-
sued in Jamaica since August last, by the refusal of the Colo.
nial Assembly to carry on their legislative functions—by the
unjust treatment of the negro population—and by the calum-
nies circulated against Sir Lionel Smith, the enlightened and
noble-minded Governor—against the upright Stipendiary Ma-
gistracy—and against the Baptist and other Missionaries, whose
exertions have been most disinterested, and whose benevolent
and Christian principles have been often and honourably shown.

And
3. That this Committee perceiving that an unrestrained
allowance of such eonduct, by her Majesty's Government and
the British Legislature, would greatly retard, even if it should
not perfectly frustrate, the enjoyment by the negro population
of the blessings so dearly purchased and hardly won,—must ex-
press their fervent desire that by the Bill now before the House
of Commons, respecting the Government of Jamaica, or 13)
some effective statute, the Parliament will forthwith interpose
to suspend the Constitution of the Island, and adapt it to exist-
ing circumstances—will avert the threatening ruin of the Co-
lony—and will promote the consummation of the benefits which
the wise and good of all Denominations, have long and laudably
laboured to obtain :—and especially as the neglect of immediate
interference would obviously tend to revivify the unchristian
feuds and the persecuting intolerance, which heretofore occa-
sioned cruel sufferings, and loud and just complaints. -
JOHN WILKS, Hon. Sec.

CARPET, CABINET, AND UPHOL-
STERY WAREHOUSE,
293, 294, and 295, HIGH HOLBORN.
This immense concern is conducted upon the principle of
supplying the BEST ARTICLES, at the LOWEST
PRICES, for CASH. The Reputation which its Warerooms
have obtained for magnitude of assortment, olegance of style,
excellence of workmanship. and durability of vaaterials, offers a
powerftil inducement for families who are furnishing to inspect
its Matchless Stock.
LYON, HOTSON, and CO.,
Carpet Manufacturers, Upholsterers, and CA&not-makers,
293, 294, and 295, Holborn.
