OLD BAILEY—(This DAY.)

HIGHWAY ROBBERY.
Samuel Greenwood, aged 25, was capitally indicted for as-
saulting and robbing Mr. William Curtis on the King's high-
way, and taking from his person a pocket-book, 5 sovereigns,
2 one pound notes, and 15s. in silver.
The prosecutor, who was a seafaring man, deposed that on
the night of the 18th instant, as he was crossing Tower-bill,
on his way home, a man suddenly pushed his hand into
his side-pocket; he instantly called out, when he 'received
a violent blow over the eye which felled him to. the .ground,
and he was stunned. On his recovering, be felt his
pockets, and found them turned inside out. Witneas had
been drinking, and was the worse for liquor. On a watchman
coming up, he informed i im he had been robbed and knocked
down, when he instantly went in pursuit, and in a few minutes
after the prisoner, who was running at a very quick pace,
passed him, but was almost immediately secured by a_ person
named Jones, and taken to the watch-house, where he was
Searched, but nothing found upon his person. The watchman
-then returned to his beat, and on searching the spot near to
where the prisoner had been, the pocket-book was. found, con-
taining two bank-notes and several papers, which, on being
shewn to the prosecutor, he identified as his property. The
watchman was positive, that, when the prisoner Iva* appre-
hended, no other persons were passing. . ,
The pri!oner in his defence denied`the'robbcry ; he" called no
witnesses.
The RECORDER summed up, and the Jury in a few minutes
found the prisoner—GuillyDeath.
The RECORDER then informed him to lose no Vine but
prepare himself for the worst ; it was a most aggravated offence.
It appears that the above prisoner was only dischargei last
week at that bar for a similar offence, and had also been tried
be:Ore at the same Sessions, in May last.

POPULATION OF THE Wom.o.—According to a
Statistical Chart published in a Neapolitan Journal, the uni-
versal population of the Globe is 632 millions, thus sub-
divided-172 millions in Europe; 330 millions in Asia; 70
millions in Africa ; 40 millions in America ; anti 20 millions
in the other parts.
Estimate by approximation—ln Europe : Births, per an.:
num, 6,371,370 ; per diem, 17,453 ; hoar, 727 ; minute, 62 ;
second, 1.

Deaths per annum, 5,058,822 ; per diem, 13,860 ; hour, 577;
minute, 66; second, 1.
In the entire universe--Births per annum, 23,407,407 ; per
diem, 64,130 ; hour, 2,672 ; minute, 148 ; second, 8.
Deaths per annum, 18,588,235 ; per diem, 50,927 ; hour,
2,122; minute, 133; second, 7.
Persons arrived at the age of one hundred.—ln 1800, accord-
ing to LannEY, there were at Cairo 35 individuals who had
attained to the age of 100 and upwards. In Spain in the last age,
were to be seen at St. Jean de Page, atown of Gallicia, 13 old per-
sons, the youngest of whom was 110, and the oldest 127 ; their
ages made together 1,499 years. England is generally accounted
to contain 3,100 individuals of 100 years old. At the com-
mencement of the present century, there were in Ireland 41
individuals from the age of 95 to 104, in a populatiOn'of i n'y
47,000 souls. In Russia, amongst 891,652 dead, in 1814, there
were 3,531 individuals of from 100 to 132 years of age. In
Hungary, the family of JEAN Rovix has furnished.the'exam-
ple of the most extraordinary longevity. The father lived 172
years, his wife 164 years; they were married for 142. years,
and the youngest of their children was 115.
DANIEL BERNAULLI calculated that the inoculation rif :the
small-pox has been the means of prolonging human life by
three years, and the new observations of DUVILLARD gave the
same result from Vaccination.

CORN EXCHANGE, SEPT. 25.
Scarce any arrivals of Wheat since last market day, and the
demand for the above article has been very dull; fine Samples
of the New Wheat sold at the same prices as last market d4y ;
the sale of New Barley is also dull ; Oats are somewhat in
demand.—ln Beans and Peas there is no alteration.'

HOP INTELLIGENCE.
Sou THWARY% SEPT. 23.—Our Hop Market is from 2s. to 4s.
cheaper than our last quotation, except for choice Middle Kea:
Pockets, and they continue rather on the advance.
iIIAIDSTONE, SEPT. 23.—The Hops in many plaees are
turned exceedingly brown, and in several grounds the wind
has blown and battered them about considerably. The picking
is going on pretty rapidly, and we suppose in many places they
will finish the latter end of this week. At our Market on
Thursday there was scarcely any business done; one lot of
bags we hear were sold at 50s. per cwt.

HARWICH, SEPT. 23.—Two awful instances of
the uncertainty of human life occurred during the last week,
in this town : The one an elderly woman, of the name of
Dunnapy, who has for some years been a nurse, was called,
about ten o'clock at night, to attend a person who had been
taken ill; she had previously eaten a hearty supper, but con:-
plaining of being faint, laid herself upon the bed, and expired
immediately.—The other, a man who had seen better days,
but, reduced to the necessity of seeking an asylum in the work-
house, whilst eating his dinner, suddenly uttered a groan, and
died before medical assistance, which was at hand, could reach
him.

Saturday evening, about a quarter-past nine,
as one of the Bristol coaches was returning to
Bath, it upset about midway between Newton
turnpike and Twerton, when one of the passen-
gers, a poor Irishman, named Hambleton, was so
seriously injured that he died on Wednesday.—
An inquest was held on the body, and a verdict
given of " Manslaughter ;" it appearing that the
accident was occasioned by the furious driving of
the coachman, George Clark.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

t:CTRACTi FROM THE D%1(.1' MORNING VA-PERS,

September 25, 1822.

[monNtslG cifitoNfcr.E.l
There Call be no doubt, we understand,- but
the Duke of Wellington'S !late. indisposition,
from the effects of which, it appears, he has not
yet been completely released, originated in the
melancholy fate of the Marquess of Londonderry.
It is said that the violent shock which his Grace
received on his first learning the fatal news,
was rather increased than mitigated by the re-
f.ections to which it gave occasion. The sincere
friendship entertained by the Duke of Wel-
lington, in common with his whole family, for
the late Minister, whom. in some respects, they
iiewed as the head of their party in the
Cabinet, cannot be questioned. His Grace, it is
therefore alleged, laments exceedingly that he
should either have so unguardedly mentioned his.
apprehensions regarding mental delusion to Lord
Londonderry, or after such a circumstance, have
quitted the country without being secure of his
Noble Friend's perfect safety. The re:,ult has
been, we regret to add, a serious and almost uni-
form depression of spirits, which up to the period
of his Grace's departure, neither moral nor medi-
cal assistance had been able effectually to remove.
Perhaps, however, exercise and change of scene
on the Continent,- together with the active em-
ployment of his mind at Congress, will restore
the health of his Grace.

-
[Tile TIMES.]
The official copy of a Royal Decree for the
convocation of the Extraordinary Spanish Cortes
is a most important paper, and will be followed,.
we hope and trust, by consequences equally sa-
lutary to Spain herself and satisfactory to every
constitutional Spaniard. The cause of freedom
in the Spanish part of the Peninsula has been
shamefully betrayed by the Court, by the func-
tionaries 'of the Executive Government, and in
some cases, if not betrayed, left to shift for
itself, even by the majority of the national re-
presentatives. By the Nation only has the Con-
Ntitution been cherished and protected. Had it
not found a sanctuary in the heart of the people,
the conduct of their rulers would long ago have
obliterated all trace of liberty from the soil
of Spain. One promising characteristic of
this Decree (the production of the present
liberal Ministry). is. the frankness with which
it avows the public emergencies, and enu-
merates those grand- objects to which the
cares of the Legislature must be directed : sup-
plies of men and money are required, " to deli-
ver the country from-the factious bands which in-
fest the frontier provinces." There is no con-
cealment here—no vamping up of smooth and.
groundless boastings, as to the strength of the
GoVernment, and the insignificance of the dan-
ger. The language used is that of men who see
their own situation, and are resolved to struggle
with it, instead of flattering the people that they
have no enemies to fear, and no obstacles to sur-
mount, in the road to f e rce and freedom. Nor are
the Ministers less manly in their declaration, that
many points of the highest importance await the
Aie'cision and activity of the Cortes in regard to
Foreign States. How far we ought to-extend our
construction of this (tile second) division of du-
ties assigned by Ministers to the Cortes, may be
a matter of some hesitation„ Whether it he con-
-sideted applicable to• the disputes long since
avowed with the Court of the Tuileries only,
or to others less notorious With Austria and Rus-
sia, and which, it is presumed, may take a more
serious character pending the assembly of the
Congress, it affords a proof both of. spirit and
wisdom in the Spanish Councils, that the Mi-
nistry should thus throw themselves- at once upon,
the nation, and make common cause with it,. in
determining the principles on which those who
would separate the Crown from the people of
Spain are to be treated with by the King's Go-
tern ment.

[NEW TIM ES.]
Our philanthropists and philanthropic News-
papers-having failed in their efforts to conjure.up
a drasade in favour, of the Greeks, we wish. to.
point out a new object to= their philanthropy.—
The assembling of the COn.gress renders the
present an auspicious moment for calling for the
final extinction of the Slave Trade,. and we trust.
they will combine their energies with ours- in
pleading for so desirable a consummation. The
whole Press of fruroper. ands the' voice. of every
Party in Europe, might,. we thinkr triumph over
the. efforts of two secondary Powers, when they
would be supported by, every thing that could
sanctify a cause, and would- only- be opposed
by whatever could disgrace one. The aspect
which this question at- present assumes is suf-
ficiently curious. The whole civilized world
re-echoes with denunciations against—uot merely
gross, corporeal, and visible, bat contingent,
impersonal and impalpable slavery. Slavery, or'
whatever is mistaken for it, is made the object,.
not of-passive animosity, but of fierce offensive.
warfare ; and this, in violation of the highest
moral and social obligations. However mankind'
may differ in opinion as to what is, and what-is.
not, freedom, all are unanimous in declaring that.
what is actually slavery ought not to be tolerated.
ieovernment and subject—legitimate and liberal,
here forget their differeacesuand speak the same
sentiments so far as regards.the question-in Me
abstract. So much for the professed opinion• of
all.,Esurope, and particularly of those countries.
bir- which the Shire Trade- is exclusively
carried on; and still 'this trade- is- continued,!
he . -children of Africa are still plunged into
slavery,, not figurative, but real—consisting,
not of fancied restraints, but of actual whips
and' thains—and indicated,, not by the power
or -Rulers, bat by the tortures Of victims—
_ and this is dime -by that Europe whiali: is so' in-
cessantly birasthig of 'its detestation of slavery. --
'Touching the law of the matter,--if 'it bb 'com-
petent for the great majority of nations' to decide
on :points of. national la wr. the Slave Trade is a'
gross infra-et-Ibn of the. law of nations. All the
leading Powers, and-in truth alfthe Powers- of
&trope, with two or three exceptions); have

solemnly declared it to be criminal and infamous.
They have thus constituted it a crime, and their
not having prohibited it is a matter purely
technical.

[MORNING POST.]
-We received last night, by Express, Paris
Journals to the 23d inst. The execution of
Bodes, Goubin, Raoulx, and Pomier, the four
officers sentenced to death for the Rochelle con-
spiracy, took place at a quarter past five o'clock
on Saturday last. They were brought, at five
o'clock in the morning, from the prison of Bi-
cetre to the capital, and shut Up in the Concier-
genie, where they received from the Abbe
Montes the Consolations of religion.—At nine
o'clock they offered to make revelations, and their
late Judge, M. de Montmerque, President of the
Court of Assize, repaired to the prison, attended
by a Secretary. The interview lasted nearly
two hours, and the nature of their revelations was
probably communicated to the Ministers, as the
execution was suspended for a time. It appears,
• however, that they were not considered of suffi-
cient importance to save their lives ; and indeed,
according to the Quolidienne, they were of no
importance at all, and had no other object than
to retard the fatal moment which was to put an
end to their mortal existence. A little after five
o'clock in the afternoon they were conveyed in
two carts, and between two lines of soldiers, so
great was the apprehension of some attempt being
made for their rescue, 10 the Place de Greve,
where they underwent their sentence. The
Journal des Dc'iiats (a Ministerial print), and the
Constdutionnel agree in stating that their conduct
was manly and appropriate, and that all of them
were attended by Ministers of Religion, to whose
words they were listening with pious attention. The
Quoiidienne alone, unwilling to allow that Liberals
could show any respect for, and belief in, t!:e
truths of Religion, even at the awful hour of de--
parting existence, asserts " that the condemned
affected all the way to turn their heads in a di-
rection opposite to the Ecclesiastics, and that on
reaching the scaffold Goubin exclaimed 'long
live Liberty.'" Here the Ultra print and the
Ministerial are quite at variance ; for the latter
positively states that on reaching the scaffold-, in-
stead of displaying any political spirit, the four
prisoners devoutly kissed the Crocifi:t.

[51111:18I1 PRESS.'
New York Papers to the 29. d last, state, that
the yellow fever still existed in that city, but the
cases reported were not numerous, and were con-
fined to Rector-street and its vicinity, the district
where the infection first appeared. The Board
of Health held daily sittings in New York, Sun-
days not- excepted, and exercised the strictest
vigilance to prevent the spreading of the fever
into' other quarters. Some doubts were ex-
pressed at one of the meetings of the Board,
whether the physicians scrupulously fulfilled
their duty in reporting all the cases of fever that
came under their cognizance, to which course
it was- insinuated they might he prompted by
the anxiety of many families to prevent their
s'tua ioa being publicly known ; but this charge,
which, if true, would tend to keep the inhabi-
tants in ignorance of the real extent of their
eanger, was by no means substantiated. The
New York Papers bring intelligence from South
America to the end of July, which states, that
General Morales had embarked with his troops
to join the Royalists at Porto Cavell°. He had
been, chased by the Colombian squadron, which
had touched at Curacoa, but the appear-
ance of a Spanish frigate caused the latter
to give up the chase, and shape a different
course. It must have been a feeble force that
was frightened by a single frigate. Morales,
thus left to pursue the object of his expedition,•
has no doubt entered Porto Cavell°, the Patriot
squadron by which that port was blockaded
having found it necessary to retire, in order to
escape the contagion which swept away great
numbers of the garrison and the inhabitants.-

[itORNINO IitRALD.]
There is every • reason,. to hope—(it will, we
'do not hesitate to say, be matter- of hope and
gratification to- every: person who- has not the'
misfortune to have a taste for gross ignorance,
superstition, and slavery) —that the servile • in-
surgents of Spain will; within a short time, be,
'annihilated. The total' defeat of the Navarrese
.faction, though' still palliated by some of the
Paris Journals, is. placed beyond a doubt. This
was the sheet-anchor of the factious, not' only
from superiority- of force, but' from propinqnity-
'to the French frontier.- But the market at-,
Bayonne for supplying the Spanish insurgents,--
and the Bayonne Committee for the fabrication
and-circulation of false news in- their,favonr, are'
also'likely to find a more'powerful remonstrant
'against their practices, than the Spanish Ambas-
sador has-yet proved, with the French Govern-
ment, The losses-and disappointments of the mer-
chants of Bayonnerand'other.great towns having
commercial intercourse with Spain, have induced
them to complain of the aid supplied from
the frontier territory of ?ranee to the banditti
on the other side,. who injure/ and embarrass;
commerce, by- plundering couriers and' travel-
lers,.. and retarding or intercepting. correspond-
ence. These,. however, are- net the: principal
data frorn which we infer the speedy-extinc-
tion of the insurrection,. The important •fact
is the convocation -of the Cortes ow the
7th of October,• and the frank and derisive
:manner in which the exigencies of Spain are Sulk-
Initted to them. It has a-lways been the pol-icy
• of the weak or wavering. Ministers hitherto, who
Were anxious to keep well with the party that'
ruled the Kit% in the Closet---but who wanted
daring openly. to at-tack the• Constitution—to
evade the calling of the Cortes-'—or to sub....
mit -to them imperfect measures when assem-
'tie& The present Ministry has, on the other
'hind,. procured their early • romvocntion„ aits.d sub:.
.initted to them with frank cess the two great
exigencies which they-have to-provide ..fOrre-
Sources- in' men and-money to' enable the Exe-
.Cutive to-c-ensh fottioe—anet aistrong resolution,
and 'adequate . national defence, . to guard the
independence.. of Spain- agititist those - Foreign
'Powers,. who have shown- a.. illsposition; to con•
,spire against it.• If the Cortes and, the Exrcn-'

tive prove as energetic and successful as there is
every appearance that they will be, the Congress
of Verona, when it ultimately resolvess will no
longer find an auxiliary, or a pretext hi the in-
ternal disorders of Spain.

SAD CATASTROPVE-TWO FEMALES LOST
THEIR LIVES.

Monday evening, about six o'clock, a most
melancholy occurrence took place in the Braad-
way, Westminster, and two females, we are
sorry to say, Were killed. By inquiry on the
spot, we learn the following particulars :—The
house of Mr. Fox, a grocer, hr the Broadway,-
was about to undergo a repair in front, and for
that purpose scaffolds were erected: There were
two large scaffold poles more than were netes.,-
sary, and Mr. MASTERS, Jun. the builder said
they should not be‘ sent home, bat he would have
them lashed to ale poles already fixed. Mr.
MASTERS ordered the men to place them by the
side of the scaffolding, and himself went up to
the top scaffold, to tie them with ropes ; whilst
so doing, the ropes slipped, and he fell backwards,.
and narrowly escaped being precipitated to the
• ground and being dashed to pieces. The moment
the ropes gave way the poles fell, and Mrs.
Bisnop, a married- woman, far advanced in preg=
nancy,-and Miss ALDRIDGE, the daughter of Mr.
A. a plumber in l)acre-street, Westminster, who
were passing by, were both struck by the poles.
They fell upon the groulicl' _in a state of insensi-
bility, both sadly injured about the head and
back. They were conveyed to the Westminster
Infirmary. One of them died the moment she
arrived, and the other soon afterwards. Several
persons passing at the moment very narrowly
e,caped.- Miss ALDRIDGE was a very interesting
young woman, and the grief occasioned by the
fatal circumstance to her family is scarcely to be
conceived. Mrs. Bisnor lets left one child, and
her husband on hearing of her death, was in a
state of inconsolable grief. An Inquest was to
. be held on+ the bodies this day.-

BuLLoCK HuNTrso!—Yesferdav a great many
fellows amused themselves in the I\f'ew-road, near
Pentonville, to the imminent danger of those
who were going quietly about their business,
with the brutal pastime of bullock-hunting. The
poor animal they goaded was enraged to a very
great degree, and must have done mischief had'
not the utmost activity been used by those who
found it necessary to avoid him. His pursuers
were frequently obliged to climb upon railings
and lamp-posts, as he often turned round to
resent such cruelty. Application was made by
some of the respectable inhabitants of the neigh-
bourhood to the constables, who, surprising as it
may appear, were' not to be seen where the
bullock hunting took place. It may be neces-
sary to give a spur to the zeal of the constables
and persons who are often engaged in informing
where the business of an informer is not quite so
honourable an employment, that the New Police
Act has increased the penalty for bullock hunting
considerably, and that the whole of the penalty
is given to the informer. The following is part
of a section of the Act which punishes the of-
fence :—" And whereas, by an Act passed in
the 21st year of his late Majesty, entitled, An
Act to prevent the mischiefs that arise from
driving cattle within the cities of London and
Westminster, and liberties thereof, and Bills of
Mortality, a penalty not exceeding 20s. nor less
than 55., is imposed on every person not being
hired or employed to drive cattle, who pelts with
stones or brickbats, or by any other means drives.
or hunts away, or sets any dog at any ox,
without the consent of the owner er his servant ;
and whereas the said penalty has been found
insufficient to deter evil disposed persons from
the practice of hunting bullocks, be it therefore
further enacted, that if any person shall pelt, &c.
contrary to the provisions of the said Act, such
persons shall, upon being convicted thereof, for-
feit and pay, on the first conviction,-any sum not
exceeding 40s. nor less than `2os. to the person
shall prosecute such offender to conviction ;
and in default of payment shall be committed
to the House of Correction, there to he kept to
hard labour for any term not exceeding two
months on the first conviction, nor five months
on the second ; and every future conviction in
the manner prescribed by the said last recited
Act." There were some amongst the most active
of the bullock hunters well able to' pay the
heaviest penalty.

ACCIIANT.-The following fatal accident oc-
curred on Wednesday night last, at Brompton Pitra-
more, widow, of Wood-street, feeling herself unwell took sonic
opium before retiring to rest, and had prepared some other me-
dicine to take when she awoke next morning. It appears,
however, that she took too large a dose of the opium, as she
never awoke more, though her pulse continued to beat the whole
of the ensuing day.

ALARMING FlttE.7-7-Tflursday night, about II
o'clock, a fire broke out in an old tenenierit, at the corner of
Lady \VM, at the foot of the West Port, which at one time
presented a terrific'appearance.: The building was inhabited
by several' families of poor people, the noise and screams of
whom, in effecting their escape, occasioned greet and immediate
consternation in the- neighbourhood. The engir et were
promptly, on the' spot, and by their exertions the fire
was confined to the premises where it originated, which,
however, were burnt to the Vound.—There arc va-
rious reports as to the origin' of the fire, but it is gene-
rally understood to have -been occasioned by a candle
inmatci, fall-
ing on one- of the miserable pallets of the coin-
posed of shavings or straw, on which most of the wretched
inhabitants slept, and from concurring statements, there is too
much reason to believe it occurra during one of those drunken
broils for which the late premises *erelong notorious. There
was a plentiful supply of water, IVIr. Lamont, the brewer; and
`others in the 'neighbourhood' ivho hadwells, having with praise.,
worthy -alacrity thrown open their premises. No lives were
,lost, but one man got his leg fractured by a beam falling upon
The pickpockets were extremely numerous and active on
:the oceasiOn, several of whom were apprehended. A detach-.
ment of the 13th regiment arrivetlsoen after the fire broke out,
by-whom order was preserved. The building hasiong been
condemned, and, exclusive of the. turbulent inhabitants it har-
boured, cOnld only be considered es a' nuisance, projecting, 4.4
, ktdid, in the narrowest part ()idle Set.----(/;diaLurgli Cot wont,
Sepf;2l.) '

The oil ( 9 tuns and 158 gallons); the produce
the wluile which was taken a few weeks Ago. upon the coast
of Vorthutoberlfintl; and the right to which had become an oh-
,iect of disptite betwee.n.tivn great landowners; upon whose pro-
perty it had. been "essi4 wail on Monday last Ltlie JOth) ,taken
PQ3sestion of in behalf Of the (grown; by a special 43.&r from
the AdMioilty...—(2V`eatOdtk .C'°ltra" )
On Wednesday last' new ;viteat of good qua,
lhy was selling.: in. Edinburgh-market it 44, and 4s. 3d. a
bushel.—(Seotsman.),
