me

and cowardly, Who :itivatites oh!), by intrigue dud
cunning; in short, an enemy who .ehibruee, leis
hands in the blood of the defenceless and disai-Med;
as he hai shewn in the persOn di your General, i:hen
• blind 'and wounded. Let all your wishes, then, be
only vengeance and extermination, and then will
you accomplish their final ruin. Shall our count:T,
'which never was silbltigated by foreign enemies,
become so now, and at a period when the nation is
free, and is about to become so for ever, by the wise
Constitution which the Supreme Central Junta
°tors to •Us--,-when our happiness depends sOlrly
on °iv Constancy ? Let Us all swear rather to die,
than Survive such ignominy. The Supreme Junta
of the Principality has sworn this, and every good
Asturian Is anxious to do the same.

COAX/DINA, DEC. 1 I.—Since, whatever the pre-
sent successes of Buonaparte may be, it is not feared'
that he will succeed in effeCting that rapid subjuga-
tion which he has threatened : we look towards
America with great interest, even with respeEt to the
immediate profit whieh the mother country tnal
derive from her. Colonies. At the very time that
the _English Papers communicated to us the subtle
and knavish Proclamation of Liuiers, at Buenos
Ayres,. a dtreet communication from Vera Cruz
broOght tts more agreeable tidings concerning the
promising appearances in Mexico. You will have
heard before of the patriotic contributions from New
Spain, and will have read in the Madrid Gazettes,
the Proclamation and Letters of the Viceroy to Mr.
Morla, which avow principles of fidelity to the So-
vereign, and attachment to the Mother Country :
yet, according -to private letters, there has been
hesitation, if not vacillation, in the Councils of the
Viceroy. The following are extracts from a Letter
lying, before me.

" VERA 61117 t, SEPT. G.
a MY DEAR BROTHER,
.• We have beheld with infinite grief the state of
your Peninsula, and that in which this kingdom is,
surroonded by traitors; but in spite of them, we
have the joy of witnessing the signal loyalty .of the
people. We have already sustained here a popular
commotion, the details of which the inclosed paper
will tell you, occasioned by the concealment of se-:,
ditious dispatches brought by the French cutter the
Faillunt.

_ " There have arrived here two Commissioners
from the Supreme Junta of Seville, and it -appears;
according to the reports-in circularly') here, .that the
Viceroy had dismissed them, not ell pleased, owing
to discords in the capital, and beran-,e his Excellency
openly declared that he 51)001.1 recognize no
autho-
rity in Spain ; which scandalous propositions has
spread much diiconteet, and we expeCt every mo-
ment to behold the mine burst. All that I know
is, that the views an,l purposes of this Gentlem.in,
under the present circumstances, are inexplicable,
after having taken the oath to Ferdinand VII. the
more so as he has in his favour but a small, number
of partizans ; that even the troops are disgusted with
him ; and that all the kingdom arc enthusiastic in
behalf of the cause of our innocent young Monarch,
and, regret that they are at so great a distance, that
they cannot shed their last drop of blood in his de-
fence, and in that of our laws and religion, troh
the slavery which threatens us."
The inclosed paper gives an account of.an insur-
re&ion which took place in Vera Cruz, in August,
after the first vague news of the occurrences in Eu-
rope had arrived; and as we are so little acquainted
with the Spanish. Americans, this document may
appear to you amusing, if not important.
" ViRA Cituz, AUG. 10.—At seven o'clock this
morning there entered this port a Cutter, with
French flag and pendant. It was fired upon from
the Castle, and afterwards boarded, from barges
sent out by the Commander of Marine, and brought

Tile Governor has since issued an edict;
bidding, upon pain of death, all persons to go to
this vessel, which has on board a company of gre-
nadiers. Some say that it comes from Bayonne,
his touched at Guadaloupe, and brings dispatches,
and a person of distinction. This is all that has
hitherto transpired ; but at all events, either the
measures taken by the Governor, are'needlessly vio-
lent, or the intelligence the vessel brings is of great
impoitance ; whatever it be, we lament that this
place is. without defence.
" Three P. M.—The people are in a state of tu-
mult, demanding to be informed of the news brought
in the cutter. They made the Regidores (Municipal
Magistrates)go to the Hall of Government one by
one, and required that two. of thorn, in company
with the Military Governor, should fetch the letters
from -the cutter: They were brought, and were
.found to consist of seditious proclamations and or-
ders to the ChielS here, which were burnt. it was
insisted that
.the oaths should be-taken to FerdinandVll. VII. and this took place ; and also that •no packet
Should be permitted to sail,: which, therefore, will
not set out to-day.
" The populace called for the head of Zaballos
(a rich merchant, supposed to be in the French in-
terest), whoSe houses were destroyed and. et-leas
burnt in the streets The nuns of the Orders of St.
Dominic and St. Francis& left their convents ; but
it was not till the }lost was seen under the Pall that.
the tumult was appeased.
" Ana. 11..-At three this morning the Military'
Governor in. person, attended by two gliards, cart
OA a couple of boxes, with dispatches to the Post
OrfiCe, in order that they should be forwarded by
extraordinary couriers. The populace assembled,
and threatened, lithe couriers were sent otf, to pull
down' the Post Office, and a number of persons re-
mained around it. The people insisted that the
plac.e should be put into a state cif defence, and
formed a Cotuniiiteo' at eight WS morning. At
half phst eight body Of penbiis demanded that the
dispatches, which were about to be forwarded,
should be delivered to there'.: The l'hltninistrator of
the Post said he would send for the MilitaryGotrernor, ,
abck thal they o'hould be delilered itp, At a' quaftQri.i,
•

past ten ai;out3o6 pets-0113 can-10,
were delivered up to thein,and were found to con
sist of paperS•resemblinLi- th9ce which ltaci ,been_sen
to,theprncipal persons of this pkice. At it
the afternoon it was, announced that the week-
ly. packet was about to set out, and et half past three::
all.vvas quiet."
This is in several respects a very singdlar insur-
re6lion. The.moderation of the people is certainly
to, be admired, while 'their demands are of a rare
description. It seems that the most obedient sub-
of the most despotic States have notions Pecu-
liar to themselves.
I do not recollea that letters, gatettes; or necks,
base formed an an icle in the_ declaration of rights of
any modern democratic code : but in the Revolu-
tions both of European and American Spain; they
form a.principal chapter. The Revolution- in Gali-
cia broke out before the Corunna Post-Office ; and
the first act of insurrection was the forcible tesQue
of a CUnrier wh0.,,..:4 1 'been arrested tbr bringing -1
false,rt:Prort•of ,f ebcllion in Leon.

4

~.

It

-.._.w.

Liii;% REPORT.

OF KING'S BENCH, GUILDHALL,. DEC. 28

SPACE V. BLACK.

This was "an aEtipn .to- recover DamageS for an
assault.

Mr. PARKE opened- the case, and stated that it
wai not an avlatAt of a common kind; the parties
were both-in a tespedable line of life, they had beers
tradesmen who had retked from business with suf-
ficient incomes to turn- country gentlemen; they
both lived in the neighbourhood of Rbmford, in
t!,..0. County of &sex. '-'llfe Plaintiff, being-fond of
shooting, took-out a licence; but, unfortunately,

in the month of .September last,-he Went with his
gun-into a field which helonaoed.'to the Defendant,
whri warned him against shooting on hisland, but
not in the way -that it would he supposed a trades-
man would addreSS his brOther, tradesthan; no, it
was done in'that way that. would disat'racOhe coni-
monest rilffian in the country. He calle'dlthe Plain-
tiff every Opprobrious name that could'he, thought of.
The:Plaintiff 'very-prudently retired amidst the gust
cf abuse the Deferrdant Was pouring on lint. in a
few days subseritleut, the Plaintiff was again out
shooing; and was in' a field in the possesSirin of Mr.
WiHoigbby, when he vhs again attacked by the
Defendant, iuetas he had fired at a covey of birds.
His'gun beinr, double-barrelled, one barrel remained
charged. The Defendant struggled with. the Plain-
tiff to deprive him of his fowling-piece, which he at
last A.vrested from him,-at the same tithe cutting the
Plaintiff's hand.' Not satisfied with this. abuse, he
followed it by a6ls of greater atrocity, which would
be more• fully explained in evidence,- than it was in
his:power to state it. The fury, in giving their vet-
did, ought .to take into consideration what might
have been the dreadful consequence of .a huge, able
man, such as he. ‘vas instructed tct say the Defendant
was, attacking a much smaller man., who had .a
loaded gtin in his hands; if the struggle, the gun
might have goneoff, and one or both might have
forteited.their lives. The fortune of the Defendant"
teas ample, and he trusted the 'Jury, Under the direc-
tion of his Lordship, would give Sugh a verdi& as
Might. be'the means, of preventing his .again'coin-
ting such an outrage; He then proceeded to ("-!x-
',is Witnesses.

zmintL'

Westwood deposed, that he WaS servant
to the Defendant in_ September last. On the 22d of
Se.ptember he was in company with the Defendant,
when they saw the Plaintiff' in a field belonging 'to
;N:i. Willoughby.- The Defendant said, " There's
scoundrel I warned off my land--I will shoot his
dog."' The Defendant had just fired at a covey of
birds. He had only dis Charged one barrel. The
Defendant went up to' him—called him a scoinfdr.el,
and a thief, and wrested the gim out of. his hands.
The Piaintitf asked, who was the thief [IMO' on
which theDefendJut collared,him, and. Litraggdilitti
about. The Plaintiff escaped friim him; Lind 'was
going out of the field, when he followed hint' and
struck him on the breast with hissliut hand, which
nearly knocked him .down; his hand appeared to.
have been much cut in the struggle. with the De-
fendant, When he took the gun trout him„ The
witness carried the gun 14ome to the Defendant's
house.

The ATTORNEir. .GENERAL, as Counsel for the
Defendant; observed, he hoped. his Learned Friend
tiid not intend to go into evidence
.as to the gun, as
his Client, the Plaintiff, had brought, his action of
deienu, in the Court of Common Pleas, for the
storation of the gun.
'Mr. PAO( said, that he had not been instruBed
as to that circumstance; but Le 'was now informed,
by the Attorney, that that action was comprojniSed,.
on the gun 'n being returned, and the Defendant
paying costs.

The witness was cross-examined by the Attor-
ney-General, and said, • that he -did not -hear the
Defendant say that the field was in -his manor.--He
saw, the 11' produce his game certificate; he
heard the say,, the Defendant ifvotild- not
have a bird left by next year, and that he was alhick-;
headed black.. , •

Mr. PRINGLE; Attorney for the Plaintiff, depOSed
that the two actions were brought; because he con-
ceived, at first, thitt an aotion to recover the gun, and
obtain damages for the•assault, could not have been
sustained.
On his cross-examination 'he said, that he had
been about twenty years itt his profession; but it was
his opinion, at first, that both objects could not have
been accomplished by one. aCtion. He afterwards
offered to withdraw'the7one in the Common Pleas,
on condition that he would be allowed to al.texAbe
present record, by adding another count to
This closed the Plaintiff's case.

;)

the ATTORNEY GENERAL, in defence, stamdi 'that
the Defendant was adually, the Lord Of the 115fier,
and hadra right to have preVented the Plaintiff frinn
shooting on it ;• he did' not say the pefendant was
correain Making use of the violence•pr the L'ingtiage
that he did ; but he hadsaffered hvindsomely for it.
Ttg-e fiktintif went a shooting with a -double-baryeled
gun, And his Sol'citor determined to follow the pie-
cedent, for .he instituted two suits, where one was
only necessary, and in different Courts„ because be
knew, if Ott:T Were, brought in one, they would be
both quashed. The COurt of Common Neas., bad
silenced orte b'n't they bad no -power over that Cburt;
or else they would hate silenced both; and how did
this Attorney eNplain, Olen the question- was put to
him, cue yery like that *which- is reported, to have
b.:.en put to JOhn Gilpin" John Gilpin, 'why, are
you here Without your wig, or why are you here at
all ?" ',Ube first question p t. tothe Learned' Attor-
ney.i,va6--=" Why did y6O bring your two actirs,
or why tiring your action at ali i" He was confi-
dent the Jury could not believe if was, becaU',le
did not know that onewould have answered_ Miffs
jeEt. No; it was that he might have two strings tonpis,
bow. He e'
,has made the Defendant bleed in th
cY her Court, by the payment of costs, and he hoped
then to make him bleed by: their verdiet. • It was
well known that there was nothing an English coun-
try gentleman was more careful of that his stock of
game; and was it very surprising that the Defend=
ant should be enraged when th 4 Plaintiff, an ath-
letic man, threatened him, that he should not 'have
a bird against next'year ? ff he had been a robust
fat- man, there would not have been so mach to have

been feared from. him : for his part, he-wotild sooner c
give a gun to a city sportmau in August than in Sep-
tember, for the most he'could do would be to frigiltc•n
the game, and make them more-shy. But it ktas a
different case where the Plaintiff was an exp...rt,
sportsman. If the Jury did give a verchel against,'
his client, it could not be for more than the price of
ayound of Battle gunpowder, which, he believed;
was 3s.

Lord Chief Justice ELLENBORO.LIGH summed up
the evidence with, his usual perspicun);, and ih,_ Ju-
ry returned a verdia for the Plaintitf.--,Datnages
iopl. with costs.

DECEMBER 29.,
•
HIBBERT V. MAIIEIN.

This vas an aa ion brought to recover the amount
of a Policy of Insurance made by the Defendant,
upon -the ship Wentworth, at and from Jamaic,l to
London. This attion hail been tried once before,
so long back at.the year 1802, when- the Plaintiff
• was fibtisuited -; but having conceived he had pro,
cured further evidence, he had now brought it again
to a hearing. In the year,lBoo, the ship had been
sent' to Jamaica to bring home a cargo of sugars,
.and upon her arrival there, she was insured here, in
November, for the voyage home. In February,
1801, She sailed for England, under the command
:of Capt. Whiteford, and, upon the passage home-
wards, having been found to make a great deal of
Water, the Captain' deeming it unsafe to proceed
on the
.voyage, • returned to Kingston, the port
Whence he had sailed in March. When he arrived
there he had a commission issued out of the Ad=
miralty, directed to six persons, Captains of 'ships,
and ship, carpenters, to examine her, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining her state, whether .she should
be repaired for the'voyage,,or condemned, is unfit,
.and sold. Upon this examination taking place, it
was unanimously agreed, that, the vessel was de-
*cayed in every, pan, and that she could not under-
take the voyage without a thorough repair, the ex=
pence of -which in that island, would exceed her
value, and that therefore she ought to be con=
dennned and. sold. This ,Vas accordingly ,dope,through the agency of Messrs. Bogle, Jepp, and/
Co. 'who-had been the Agents to the. Plaintiffsin
their mercantile concerns. The purchasers, -Messrs.
Haipilton, Collier, and. Co; afterwards- refitted her,
and in August. the same year sent her on a voyage
to Boston, in North America, whence she returned '
with a cargo of lumber, and ,otre hundred and
fifty horses, to Jamaica. .She was -afterward sent
"to the Havanna!), where she was sold. Under these
circumstances the owners in England believing that
the ship was in reality sound, • and perfealy sea-
worthy, but that the Captain- (since dead) had frau:
dnlently procured her to be condemned, and sold;
for the sake of. the half of the commission,' which
he had received, as is-usual, from the agerits, Messrs;
Bogleand Co; -.brought their Adion against the Un-
derwriters, to recover the difference between-the real
yalue,of the ship and the price at which she had.
been sold.

On du...part of the Plaintiff it appeared, by depo-
. sitions taken in the cause, that, in the year 1798,
the ship, originally French,: had undergone what` is
called 'a thorough repiiir,•-. upon which Occasion'
nearly 0001. had been laid out upon her-=that in
the year following, she..lild undergone another re-
pair, to the atnount of near I owl. Jr also ap-'
pared, bridepositions taken in Jamaica, chat alter
ishe had been purchased by Messrs. lianiilton,
Collier; and• Co. she - had been refitted, by them
previous to
.her voyage to'Boston, at the expense
of 1 0601. currency,' and that the repairs she
then 'required were comparatively trifling, and
by no means -such as to • come under -the de-
notrrittation Uf total unworthiness for the sua.
7—This latter part of the case was also' confirm-7
ed , by the testimony of Captains Kilgown and
Lanty ; who deposed, 'the first, that he had been.
concerned in. the -purchase of her in Jamaica, where
she appeared to want but few repairs, her chief da-
wage having been a rat-hole, by 'which- she- -had
leaked ; and. the latter, in addition, that he had sailed
in
_her from Jamaica to Boston, and back again, and
afterwards took her to the Havanna!), where she was
spld; and he distindly swore that she was always
-sea-worthy, and.that he would not have hesitated,
after stopping the rat-hole, to have navigated her-to
England.

F®r the Defendant, the depoSitions of the six
Surveyors, appointed by the -Commission, in Ja-
n-mica, to examine the vessel, was read: These de-
positions described the various defects arising from
decay and rottenness, so as to render her -totally
unfit for sea, .and her. consequent condemnation.
Of these six, three were personally•exarnined, viz.
• Captain Wilson, now an Elder Brother of the Tri-
nity House, and Captains Domett and Levet. These
Gentlemen repeated in ,detail the substance of their
former depositions, as to the general decayed state
of the vessel at.the time of her insi eCtion and conse-
quent condemnation ; and further acquitted Captain
Whiteford of all improper contluat in the transaction;
but, on the contrary, described him as averse to her
condemnation, ss expelling the result of her exami-
,nation would be to have her repaired, for the pur-
pose.of prosecuting her intended voyage.
In addition to these, Capt. Fowler was also .e•xa,
mined. He was at Jamaica at 'the time of the sur-
vey. He was present at it by desire of Capt: White;.
ford, under the idea it would be only for lorm,sake,
in order to her repair ; bur, upon inspeelion, she
was found totally unfit to go to sea. He swore that
Captain Whiteford's conduit on the business was
wholly honest and conscientious towards his em-
ployers.

Loid ELLENBOROUGPF, in summing up to the Jury,
left the decision to them upon two grounds ;
whether rhe cOndua of Captain Whiteford was what
is termed barat ry ; that is, whether it was fraudulent
tOWards the owners in the disposition of the ship, or
otherwie ? and, secondly, whether, the vessel, at the
time of sailing from Jamaica, wassed-worthy or not ?
If they were of opinion, -either that the Captain had
aded torkt fide, 'whether right or wrom,, in the one
case, or that the ship was not really g6a-worthy on
the other," they would then find for the Defendant ;
if they were Ot the con t rary ophtion,upon both pointy,
they would then find for the • -
' They without hesitation found a verdi6t%kar the
Defendant.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE•

NEWMARKET COURSING,NIE.ETING,.IB..B.

CIIEVELEY FIELD.

MONDAY, DEC. 5.
Mr. Lovelace's hi. .b. 111.ouse; a. be.at-Mr..l.,lVfiglaCt
bl. b. a "IG. and 28.

. _
- liainOii's Wood-iiyiTi-Plip. beat Mr.‘Vri`glit'Ofeltiiret,
p. ,G.
Mr. Lovelace's Nlademoiselle, a. beat Sir P. Blake's- Em-
press; a. IG. and 113.

_ .
Mt. H.' Yarico, a.:agst. Mr. Lovelace's Muffin,
e.. 1 G. and 2.8. • Undecided.' ,

1. Wright's Slut, p. beat SirP, Blake's Eglantine, p.
IG. arid. 18.
Mr. Redhead's Lightfoot, a. agst.. Mr. Wright's Vulcan, a.
IG. and il3. Undecided.

Mr. IVright's Venus, a. beat Mr. Tyssen's Trufle, a. iG.
and B.

Mr. Lovelace's Mary, a. ft. from Mr. lenyns.'s En-
dive, a. IG. and-28.
Moseley's bl, b. p.. Blemish, beat Mr. .NraclielN(Mr.
ienyns's) bl. b. p. Promise.. LG. and
Mr. Moseley's bl. p. b. Bradainant„ beat Mr. Vachell's
Mr. lenyns's) blue d. p. Perform. IG. and 113. .
Mr. T,ys3en's•ThUniier, a. beat Ld Rivers's Rhino,p.
Mr. Vachell's blk. p. h. Plover,/ agst Mr. Moseley's
b. p. Briseis. 1G C. B. Undecided.
Mr. "L'harp's (Mr. Wilkinson's) Graceful, p.. beat Mr..-
Page's Kitty. p. IG. arid 'EV,
:tam. Wilson's Ursula, p. beat 'Mr. Vachell's (Mr. Up-
cher's Pertinax, p. IG., and 213.
Mr. Vachell's (Mr. Upcher's Peclilla), p, beat Adm. IVil-
son's Unique,
.p. iG. and -zB.
Adm. Wilson's Una, p. beat Mr. G. Wright's Arragon, p. •
IC. and 113.
Mr. 'Lovelace's Mushroom, p. beat Mr. Redhead's (Mr.
.Gurney's Augusta), p. IC. and 113. . •

~.,.

f'

SHIP 14 irS,

CR A V IiSIND, 73C1.7.N;8E12.231.
Passed by —the 'Sr. Fiore,i7o, rrom the Fast Indies;
audille,ChArmiug*itty. Coillugs; from the South Seas.

r.. BIRTHS. —
‘,r.,On the zilth inst. Mrs. john Cowie; of Nervington-grecl,n
[.....A1a Daughter.
' • , On the. zgrli tilt. at Gloucester, the Lady of Captain faint
' M,c Donned, 01 1.. h:: 6th Royal yeteratißatt4lion,ot a Sus..
. - Ou Oki:loth:ult. -Mrs.:NPLeod,-of Talfisicecora Sob.
On Tuesday Tuesday morning last, at Ranclitk Lodge, the Lady 0
the l iori . Herbert Gardner, of a Son . and Cady on Wedne-
,
day Ynorning,, the 28th inst. the infant died. • • .
Lately, in Chester, the Lady of Philips .Lloyd Fletcl:ar,
- Esq. at Gwernhayled, Flintliire.

• • MARRIED.
On Wednesday, at Shoreham, Kent, folin Laure.ts
saell,• Esq. of the :Inner Temple, London, to lane, eidcst
daughter of Thomas Wilmot!, Esq. of Shoreham. .
Yesterday morning, at St. Margaret's, Lothbury,
-Nash; of Great. Marlow to Miss Chapman, of Princes-street,
• Bank.
On the 20111 ult.' the Rev. lames Paterson, of MidmNs, to
Isabella, daughter .of the late Mr.. William Gordon,
chant, of b:rdeen. •

DIED.
•
On Monday evening, John Ogilvie, Esq. late 6f Arm Au
street.
,
,The 7..tme day, at her house in Floictonquare, aged "I'
Mrs. Mary Crawford, relid ache late Mr. lam t.:(llAvAun '
formerly ot the East. India-Honse. _ •
.; of
On Tuesday. last, the infant
.son of Mr. 1. BOlarn”
Abingtion.street. • ' •
On Wednesday, after a lingering illness, Peter Peirson
Esq. one of the Benchers of the Inner Teini)le. -d
On the 7th ot October last, having just entered the Z 3
year of his age, on his Plantation of juliantown, South
rolina, North America, John I.evett,, Esq.-Son -of-'the /I,c
Francis Levert, Esq. of Charlotte.wreer, P_ortLind.P e,
Londrin.

On the 27th ult. at Inverness, in the 7 rst year of' liis ape' •
I - M r. James Alves, a Portrait-painter,
Faint
to the tat inst. at BroxmoUth, Mr. Robert Tait, •
to her Glace the Duchess of Roxburgh.
l ' aid
i , On the 15th inst. at • Dartmouth-plaet, Blackheath, an
1 24 years, NI I'S. F4iriligtOD, Wife of Captain fartingtc.in, u`
1 tue Royal Artillery.
t . On the 18th inst, at her house ih No-rth Vrederick-stree,
,t'
- Edinburgh, Mrs. lane Jackson, widow of the R. D .1
r. ~'''.„
Inas
,Robertson, Minister at Dahneny. 7 ' '
On the 19111 inst. Dr. Char'les'Cutigalton, aged q,Yeai,,.e
rs'c
,- - Ort,the 2.5 th inst. James ilogarth RiChara,on, .aActi
~ 1'-
:s4 ears and ten months, the only.. soh of.lanies,Richaruiuu',
~1 ti'sq." Surgeon; of Sloanestreet. • ' ' •
t Oh Friday the 23d inst. at.Lcit.h., lames Pillans, i: ,ssr,• " .ctl•a
1 Of LasSwade P,a.rk.

PRICE OF

YZSTE

Hank Stock,
Navy; per Cent. shut •
risti 5 per Cent. 95
4 per Cent. Sr' g
3-per Cent, P.M
per cent. Cons. sismt
rank L. Ann. IS r-r6th

STOCA'S

RDA-Y.

Ind.r. Stock,
I rolin Mints, 3s. is.
ENchcq. 65.
On4illam; t di.'.
Inavvrial 3 per Gent.
Ditto Asin. 71
Coos. for Open!ilk,';

ER

.tvi'LciNbo N BIZ 11)i; E- 7:10
Wining, gt min'. after 12. A ftetncon m 6 mill. alto J'

- • HOUSEKEEPER. •
a.
WANTEIi, by a P2rson.upwards.• of FOrlYt
NI • 1%.
Situation- as HOUSEKEEPER 'to •
GENTLEMAN or LADY, or totak-e.the care:6l'lV
roily of a' Widower'who has, Chil,iren. The :kdvertis-t=Yl)
bred up a _FJinil v Of her own, and the"Chittli•,i'd • of a Gcat",:i
inan w left under her care while he went to th° ,
liuhes. - Shy eau giVethe itioSt
h r capability for the Ein ploy:tient into whiett,s:.he• 0ii,1,1"-
av
enoge; and her ()bled is ti Aso much einaluim•nt ls a (2'),'' t
fort.:ble home. As she has no Relations- her tinie. ,coal" - -
-0
wholly devoted to the occupation. She has no objectl?n, ;
a residence in any. pail of. England, Ot Ireland, •
Letters, post paid, addressed to Stan OjlL'
.12;'Strzmil, ill he forre`ardect. ' •-*
_,..- •
------- -
SALE 'BY AUCTION','
At the Bridgewater Arms, . Manchester, :in. the. -
Lancaster, on Monday the 16th day:of January, 15099'41c
o'clock_ in the Even ing (if not dispOsed-ain. the moil
by Private Contra Et, of which -due notice will he_,O,TycP"
THE Sum-bITHREE THOUSAND p 0 u
STOCK in the Navy sl—per Cent. Annuities, exP,c
,
ant and 'paJ'ahle upon-the Death of a Married Lady. age"
For further particulars apply -at the Office Of tat. Cooker
Solicitor, in Salford, in the said County

To THOMAS .TAYLOIL,'Esq.
A. • 1';o. 9, Ne)wilridgf-Street, London.
Honoured Sir, Edinburgh, Mareht
4 BEG leave to inform you, that everf.lle
year X 790,. 1 have-been afillitbd: with the EuesVcr'i
rea ; which, from its obstinately resisting every course
Medicine prest.ribecl by the most erninent' of the Facia ',Y
nere,
and undergcbing several severe courses of. salivatioly
and twice discharged froM the Hbipital, with little relic ,
would appear to be of the most inveterate nature: In tha
.
spring of last year thy diSorder had got to such_.2 head,,!ei
nearly to put a period to my existence-,4 had: g
on the crown of my head, one on each arm, and MY
were broke °win a -frightful manner; my right was cilei
ftilly,painful, and had been in a start, of ulceration forth!
last seven years ; my left had also two large nodes on.
-wa& very much discoloured, and gave me sticlt excrutt,
in4'pain, particularly-when warm in bed, as nearly tc".',
priyeine of rett ; in this lamentable'state, I was recortr7.
mended by Mr. J. Thompson, (who received so great ii:
cure by them. he.re),- to take, your' Leake's Patent l'jl`.o
nyhich, I began
,to do, on tit? 2,Ckth• of, May ;-in- the cotlfie
of 114 fortnight," began to reeei;'e benefit—in little Wye.
than -a_ month, 'the ulcers on my ;hoed 'and- inns. weo •
•soikkily healed—soon after,
.the sores on. my legs ful,h.6
,alsci; leaving, however; consiaerable discoloitratiOn '„
skin, anti pain in the bone of the left, which, by the Pl4')
sing of Cod, and a little longer perseverance in you rili!k;
luable Medicine, subsided ; the nodes dispersing, the
regaining its natural hue, and the nodurnal pains gra"uii
A
going oft: 1 thus became, by your liherat adviceaor
ciieine; perfectly free from all my former conivieln`,e,•
have recovered my former spirits and strength; anti alt'
eeme Jolly and fat, in, which state :navingeonthmed'":
months to the astonishment of all ivho knew me, "",,
a loss irk.whAt terms to express my. gratitude, but bog
for tke good of other suffering mortals, to 'make this r
case as public as possible, as I shall on every oceasi°';`
in sd doing, you will greatly oblige, Sir, your gratetu'
obedient., very humble-servant, ALI!X. .A41114..F;14-''

Swan's Close, High-Street, Edinburgh.
• • Witnesses•tothe above Cure :
JOHN THOMPSON, No. 3, New Poultry Market ;•
JOHN M'INTOSH, Old Assembly-Close, Edinburgh. .
Prepared and Sold-by the sole Proprietor, •
. THOMAS '1 Y LOR, Member of the Royal. College of
'geuns; at hi 3 House,' 'No. 9, New% Briilge-ctr.fet;
wiocre, after a constant residence e
tir,more than thilY-'4
years, in a• praaice particularly' diret.ted to 111,--cur," •
Venereal Complaints and those• incidental to the ,
Guiemtion, with that inviolable secrecy which Ino3l
Irofession should always observe" in such caes, lti •
Pat tsrs himself, the advice and assistance he grarn3to'
•oii•.-irninisters to persons taking • this Medicine,
s'tj
•
,wrn
eted;'..by a discerning. Public, ..as an advantage
(Joni attainable and .Void. of all athbiguity. of
Also sold, by his appointment, tot the convenlencet,
those at a distance, at the Perfumer's, NO- 35'0%.- •
; • the Toyslibp,' • No. 103,
0:A-street ; Mr. Disborough's, No. 7, fish-street:o
Mr. Steel's,' Bookseller, No. 'U ,
nion-row, Little "1`) • •
11:11 ; South bridge,. Edinb,uh; Mr. 'd by .
donald, Gla.s.:gow-; 8011, Dailie:S'tteet Dublin;
one Refs -11'm every considerable town in
I rclaY3ov, in Boxes of only as. yd. each, sealed up with. •
and pain 'directiont, whereby persons et eitho.
cure themselves with ease, speed, secrecy,and•SferY'
N. B. y 13oxsold in Great Britain is eal.col; ttit
a Stamp, on by favour of -the Cornmissi,rit)4,,„...
whited. at :•,t.•,iffip Office—a Tav'!•:•,r, 1-;0•
LS" a't 4"
arc: 4:ifs
*no&

'1
r:

1

1:(
