M~€~.(:~~N'l'iLh~ ~HIYY~I~TG.

DE-AT, alanca 17.—WinrA.W.—Sailed the Old Maid,
for Sierra Leone; Ceinock, for Dominica; Osprey, *Bishop,
for Boston ; and Hottentot, Sinclair,' for the Cape of Good
Hope. Arrived his Majesty,s ship Gloucester, from 14vannalt,
last from Portsmouth.
PORTSMOUTH, MAncx 17.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the
Rawlins, Hingmaden, and Killingbeck, Smith, from the Downs_
Put back the Camden and remain, with the Exeter, Thetis;
Dawn, Liddles, Sarah, Spanish Patriot,' Richardson and Kill
lingbeck.
FALmouTII, MARCH 16.—Wind IV. S.W.—Sailed the
Bee, Wilson, and Meridian, Salisbury, for London.
BEAUMARIS, MARCH 16.—The Matilda, frolli Jamaica tq
Liverpool, is on shore at Maltreath, Carnarvon Buy; all hands
are safe, and the vessel had taken no harm. •

LivE'Rroor„ 111411 cu 16.—Arrived the Frederick, Ilume,
c:lm Wilmington; and Diana, 1114 Lean, froM St. John's, N.B.

The Criterion, Paine, from New York, is off.Hastiogs.
The Vigilant, from Nevis, and the Henry, from Demerara,
are supposed to be arrived, letters having been received narked
by them. •
The Three Brothers, from Boston to Newcastle, sprung a
leak, and sunk in Whitby Roads on Monday ; crew saved.
Yesterday the dispatches for Madras and'Chiria; by the ship
William Fairlie, Captain Kinnaird Smith, were closed at tho
East India House, and delivered to the Purser of that ship.
EXECUTION FOR MURDER.—On Monday, pur-
suant 'to his sentence, John Smith, aged 24 years,
a farmer's servant, was executed at Lincoln Castle,
The culprit was tried on the Friday preceding,
for administering poison to a young woman, at
Alford, in Lincolnshire. We gave the melan-
choly facts of this case to the public, in detail, at
the time they occurred. The young woman whq
cohabited with him was advanced seven months
in pregnancy at the time he committed the atro-
cious deed, and they were to have been married
on the ensuing week. Ile purchased a pound of
arsenic of an apothecary at Ilford, and mixed it
with some flour, which he gave her to make cakes
with. She and four others partook of the cakes,
and she expired in great agony the next day.—
Three of the other four recovered, after en-
during great pain and sickness ; and the fourth,
a married woman, is in a declining state, and
cannot survive long from the effects of the injury,
which probably destroyed the coat of her sto-
mach. The culprit on Sunday last admitted his
guilt, and 'described the mode in which he corn.?
milted the offence. His ignorance was so great,
that he appeared not to have an idea beyond the
common labour of the field, and of eating, drink-
ing, and sleeping. There was an extraordinary
apathy about him to the moment of his exit, wheys
he admitted the justice of his sentence, and was
launched into eternity, in the presence of a con-
siderable concourse of persons. His body was
given to the stirigecns 9f the jOrrppry PF
.iC/Ps

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Papers-, March 18.

[THE Timms]
We observe with pleasure, that the liberal
principles of commercial policy announced and
enforced by Mr. Huskisson, in the debate on the
silk trade, have been echoed and recommended
by a very influential part of the French Press.—
The following quotation from the reported speech
of the Right Hon. Gentleman has been translated
into most of the journals, and eulogized by many
of them :—" If for advocating such principles he
should be accused of leaning strongly to a liberal
policy, he should at once plead guilty to the
charge : but they were principles founded on
experience, and sanctioned by the best authori-
ties. In his opinion, to be liberal in matters of
commercial policy was to remove the jealousies
which had hitherto prevented a free intercourse
between different nations—was to extend to each
the advantages and enjoyments of the other—was
to promote arts, science, and civilization ; and, in
A word, was to advance those salutary, beneficial,
and enlightened views which were best calculated
to increase the wealth, opulence, and power of
the country. In short, he was liberal to other
countries, because by being so he felt that he
best consulted the interest of his own."—The
Constitutionnel, which is most. extensively read
among those powerful classes of French society
devoted to commerce and manufactures, and
which, as their organ, has frequently expressed an
illiberal jealousy of the progress of English trade
and industry, has been the first to give to the
above sentiments all the advantage of its circula-
tion, and all the weight of its authority. It even
goes farther ; and, as Mr. Huskisson professed
that he would be liberal to the commerce of other
countries, because in being so he best consulted
the interests of his own, the French Journalist
recommends the abolition of certain restrictions
on the importation of foreign manufactures into
France, because they provoked reprisals 4‘ in-
" jurions to French agriculture and industry."—
By frequently reciprocating such sentiments be-
tween the enlightened orders of different nations,
prejudices must be gradually removed, and jea-
louses allayed, among those persons who are
most liable to take the alarm at every proposed
improvement, who consider every relaxation of
monopoly as a boon granted to foreigners, at
their expellee, and wko unhappily act too power-
fully on the ignorance or timidity of their rulers
to allow the immediate adoption of better prin-
ciples. By a free commerce of liberal ideas, we
shall soon have a free commerce of commodities.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The Moniteur of Monday contains nothing of
any importance from Spain ; but under date from
Frankfort of the Bth March, it contains an article
of some length, impeaching the recent accounts,
from Corfu and the lonian Isles, the successes of
the gallant Christians against their oppressors,
and the details given of the storming and sack-
ing of Caristo in the Isle of Negropont, by
Odysseus, the Greek leader, and his devoted
followers. The account of the capture of this
important place may be premature, though, from
every intelligence we have, if it has not already
been taken, we look upon its fall ascertain; but the
authority impeaching it must rest on better foun-
dations than the calumnies of the Smyrna journal,
the avowed and purchased organ of the Turks.
This publication, for the last three years, has
been ceaseless in its calumnies and falsehoods
against the Greeks. As the tide of freedom has
set in more strongly through the Morea, its tem-
per has somewhat moderated ; but still no reli-
ance whatever can be placed on its statements.—
Now, however, that an authentic Greek journal
is published at Missolonghi, we shall have
authentic intelligence from Eastern Europe, and
the Oriental ,Spectator will be quoted no more.

[-NEW TIMES.]
The Debates in both Houses of Parliament on
Tuesday evening will form a very memorable
epoch in the history of civilization. The ques-
tion was, whether any and what steps should be
taken toward the extinction of Colonial Slavery,
whether a specific course of action should be en-
tered upon, with the distinct view of raising the
Negro Slave to the rank, and investing him with
the rights of a free man. It was the first time
that this great practical question was ever agi-
tated, and in its agitation three things were very
remarkable, and in our view of them highly
auspicious. First, the people of England, by
numberless petitions and other expressions of
opinion and feelings not to be mistaken, called on
the Legislature to proceed temperately, but firmly,
toward the attainment of the object we have stated.
Secondly, his Majesty's Ministers not only brought
forward a plan for ameliorating the condition
of the slaves, but unequivocally declared that
such plan was intended to pave the way for the
ultimate extinction of the state of slavery. And,
thirdly, what is perhaps the most remarkable of
all, the great West India proprietors present
either tacitly or explicitly admitted that slavery
was an evil, which it would be desirable at some
time or other to extirpate. We cannot help re-
garding this unanimity of sentiment as a great
triumph in the cause of humanity. It lays the
foundation for a superstructure which ere long
must arise in ample and majestic proportions.—
True it is, that the immediate practical result is
of comparatively narrow extent. Nothing more
is absolutely done than the forming of a plan for
the benefit of a fourteenth part of the Slave po-
pulation of our Western Colonies. Viewed in
this light many of the friends of emancipation
.will doubtless regard the measure as maimed
and imperfect; but we are disposed rather to
look at the principles which are called into ope-
ration than at the space within which they are
first to be carried into effect ; and therefore,
omitting for the present to state where the
scheme is to take place let us look at is features
in the abstract.

[MORNING CIIRONIGLR.I
Most of our readers must, by this time, have
gained from the perusal of the Order iu Council

for improving the condition of the slaves in Tri-
nidad, and of the report of the Debate of Tues-
day night, a tolerably correct notion of the in-
tentions of Ministers with respect to our negro
populations in the West Indies, and the result
which their interference is likely to produce.—
With respect to Trinidad, there can be no ques-
tion that the Order will be productive of good ;
and the result would be still more striking, if that
Island did not already possess more merciful laws
than those of our old Colonies, and if the treat-
ment of the Negroes were not more humane and
considerate, many of the provisions of the Order
forming already part of the written or customary
law. It was stated by Mr. Canning, that the
Negroes were better treated in our Spanish Co-
lonies than in our French, and better in our
F Tench than in our Dutch,—so that the Dutch
and English, unquestionably the two richest and
most civilized nations of Europe, are the harshest
in the treatment of their slaves, while the poorest,
and, with the exception of Russia, the least
civilized of the Christian nations of Europe, the
Spaniards are the most humane. Neither the
English nor the Dutch are chargeable with
cruelty or inhumanity ; institutions of a benevo-
lent character abound both in England and Hol-
land to a degree unknown elsewhere. How then
are we to reconcile their inhumanity to their
Colonial Slaves with their humanity towards
each other ? The answer was given by
Mr. Wilberforce, when he said, "it was
the misfortune of these Colonies that all the
affluent, enlightened, and liberal proprietors re-
sided here, whilst men of a far different character
resided in the Colonies." Without going so far
as Adam Smith, who, in his ' Theory of Moral
Sentiments,' maintains, " there is not a negro
from the coast of Africa who does not, iu his
contempt of death and torture, possess a degree
of magnanimity which the soul of his sordid
master is too often scarce capable of conceiving;
fortune never exerted more cruelly her empire
over mankind than when she subjected those
nations to the refuse of the jails of Europe,
to wretches who possess the virtues neither of the
countries which they come from nor of those
which they go to, and whose levity, brutality and
baseness, so justly expose them to the contempt
of the vanquished ;"—without, we say, going so
far as this, we may safely affirm that the indivi-
duals who leave this country in quest of employ-
ment in the West Indies, and to whose imme-
diate controul the slaves are subject, are among
the least reputable of our citizens. In the Spa-
nish Colonies the owners of plantations generally
reside on them ; and the slaves are not delivered
over to individuals who have none of the motives
for treating them well which resident masters
must have. The circumstance of the slave and
his master growing up together on the same
estate, must have a beneficial influence on the
treatment of the slave, independent of all legal
provision ; and hence, notwithstanding the cruelty
of the law in the Slave States of North America,
we find that the Negroes, from the above cause,
are much better treated than in our Colonies,
though Lord Bathurst, judging from the law
merely, was unadvised enough to infer the con-
trary.

[MORNING POST.]

It is unnecessary, and would indeed be supe-
rerogatory in us to expatiate on the wisdom of
the plans and measures adopted by Government
with respect to the present 'West India question,
so fully and satisfactorily were they developed
in the judicious and eloquent speeches of Earl
Bathurst and Mr. Secretary Canning. We would
only briefly observe, that the Draught of the
Order in Council for improving the condition of
the Slaves in Trinidad, which, when modified to
meet the peculiar circumstances of St. Luck,
Berbice, and Demerara) will likewise be ex-
tended to those Colonies, has received the un-
qualified approbation of all parties. On the part
of the West India interest it cannot be said
that any objection has been made either to
the principle of this order, its practical ten-
dency, or its application ; and by the most
ardent apostle of anti-slavery the only complaint
is, that instead of limiting the measure to those
possessions under the immediate jurisdiction of
the Crown, it ought to embrace those endowed
with independent Legislatures, hitherto enjoying
and exercising the privilege of legislating on their
internal concerns. Upon every possible ground
we think the decision of Ministers right, and
the suggestions of the Abolitionists wrong ;
and moreover we are certain, not only that we
have the sanction of Parliament for this opinion,
but also that of every rational disinterested man
in the country. Iu the first place, however de-
sirable the improvement, or rather the perfect
civilization and freedom of the slaves in the West
Indies, the accomplishment of such an object is
allowed to be not merely difficult—it is alarm-
ingly dangerous, and must be viewed like one of
those experiments in physical science, where the
peril of the process is in proportion to the splen-
dour of the result. We are therefore free to say
that if the whole of the West Indies were as
solely under the direct controul of the Crown as
the Island of Trinidad, it would be as prudent,
as it is now likewise politic, to commence with
the latter, and let the progress of amelioration
in the rest of the Colonies be regulated by cir-
cumstances and opportunities, aided by example.
When the effect of the new system on a small
slave population was ascertained, should we not
be the better qualified to frame measures and
apply them to the great mass of slaves in the
West Indies generally ? How much more impe-
rative is it then to act with caution where the
case is so different in some most essential parti-
culars ? Can any man who has turned his atten-
tion to the recent state of our valuable Western
Colonies—who has not indeed purposely closed
his ears, his heart, and his understanding, to the
terror of the White inhabitants of those Islands,and
the frightful discontent of the Negroes, conscien-
tiously entertain a thought of Parliament sud-
denly breaking through all local rights to inter-
pose between master and slave, and with one effort
abrogate the power as well as the property of
the former, to the injury, not the benefit of the
latter ? We solemnly declare, that such a pro-
posal would seem to us almost as much the off-
spring of frenzy or ferocity as of fanaticism. The

step taken by his Majesty's Ministers well con-1
trasts with such a project. It impliedly recog-
nizes the legislative authority of the local assem-
blies over the slave population, and thus incul-
cates obedience by declaring dependence on the
part of the latter; and while it thereby leaves
the grace of concession with the planters, it
strengthens the bonds of amity between them and
the Negroes. His Majesty's Government at the
same time have not left the Colonial Legislature at
a loss to know their feelings and wishes on the sub-
ject of ameliorating the condition of the slaves--
they have set an example in those Islands directly
dependent on the Crown, of the best mode of
attaining so desirable an end ; in a word, prac-
tically suggesting the course which should be
followed elsewhere. We trust those hints will
not prove useless ; and if we may augur from the
temper and judgment which the West India in-
terest has manifested hitherto in this country,
they will produce then' proper results on the
other side of the Atlantic at no distant period.

NORNING HERALD.]
The press of debate prevented us from no-
ticing the able speech of Lord Lansdown on the
South American question. The only fault of that
speech was, that it let out too much truth to the
Holy Alliance. The Ministers are proceeding
wisely in this busiuess, they are giving
it time.
Before they make any declaration, we should
imagine they will wait to read and to weigh what
the Consuls may write, who departed not long
since to the several South American Republics.
—Should these Consuls report that these Repu-
lics are free from the presence of Spanish
troops, and that they have been so for
some years, then we should think that the
Ministers would make such information a
ground for saying that England acknowledged
the independence of those Republics—on just
the same principle that we could not complain,
if, after our East and West India subjects had
driven our soldiers from those possessions, and
had for a series of years been free from them,
France had chosen to say we consider Eng-
land's East and West Indies independent.—
The proposition would be monstrous, that until
the independence of a Colony were recog-
nised by the mother country, though the latter
had lost all dominion, that no other country
had a right to say that the Colony was free.
At the same time English people should bear
in mind that what we consider reason, and
justice, and expediency, as to the Colonies of
Spain—which Colonies she has had for more
than two hundred years—will equally apply to
Ireland, Wales, Scotland, the Last or West
Indies, New South Wales, the Cape of Good
Hope, Sierra Leone—or, in fact, all our colonial
and other acquisitions. So that English people
ought not to be too anxious to goad on the Ml'
nisters to do that by another nation which other
nations insy -hereafter think of doing by ng.—
The Christian rule of doing unto others as we
would wish them to do to us, may be as good po-
litically as privately. It is very dangeroas' to de-
part from that rule. In Lord Liverpool's reply
to the Marquis of Lansdown, there was one tl►• wig
that struck us : the Noble Lord said, that
the whethercortehsetonue,g,heicigii
ated with the King of Spain or
found it. to be a tender point. The Noble Lord
that, w
these colonies, he invariably
said, that he could always better treat with the
ittiliiintghefoCr °Er
absolute King
it would be a galling thaol
should
dy
the East or the West Indies, or Canada, at any
ntegsl'andC,"s
future period, get the better of us, and pack off
our troops, or take them prisoners. If France,
Holland, Denmark, or Prussia, were to propose
to us to become mediators, we wonder what
John Bull would say—would he not be apt to
say, " mind Your own business ? We have lost
our Colonies, but We intend to take them again."
It should be recollected, that at various pe-
riods England's Colonies have been in rebellion
against her; even recently in the West Indies.
Who does not consider the danger ? Suppose
for a moment that the Blacks had been as suc-
cessful, as they were, some years since in St. Do-
mingo against the Prench and the Spaniards. Who
does not recollect the instance of Ireland, where,
if General It
__urnbert had had twenty thousand
men, instead of °He thousand, that that country
might have been lost to England ? Looking,
therefore, at all cireumstaneee, and considering
that we are surrounded by glass, we should be
cautious how we throw stones at our neigh-
hours. It is very easy for Lord Lansdown,
and other Noble Lords, to make speeches
about what his Majesty's Ministers ought to
do ; but it is quite another thing what the
Marquis of Lansdown would do if he were
placed in the same situation as Lord Liverpool.
We merely put forth these remarks to John Bull,
to warn him against being too much led away by
oratory. There is nothing easier than to make
flourishing speeches ; but it is another thing to
operate according to those speeches.
