GRAND DUKE, NICHOLAS.

IVe see from the Chesict Chronicle, that bisim -
perk' Highness kt'ilS rt, ujYt;kl With every,detuon-
stratioti of respect'due to his higit rank in that
ancient City. The bells were'rung on his arrival
ott sat_nrclay afternoon ; dined..stimOnonsly at
the itoyal Hotel, and devoted Sunday forenoon to
view the -Cathedr,d, the venerable remains of the
Gothic Chapter House, and other C4irioiities. of
411§tiognisliell party set out at
noon for Sir W. WYNN:s, at ‘Vynnstay.
The Grand Doke Nichordis was. at Worcester,
oii Thisraday, at Oxford, yesterday; and is'eXpect-
ed in town, this day.
The Grand Duke Nrcti9LAs and `Suite, after
visiting Llangollen, Xtrynntay, &c. arrived at
Ostrestry on Monday, and changed horses at the
Foxes. At Pool they were met
,at the Oak lon
by the Hon. IL CLIVE, who dined with them.
After 'breakfast, on Tuesday; they proceeded to
tValeor, the seat of the Earl of,Powts; who had
conic down from London to receive them.

CANOvA.—The PopE had attached to the title
of Marquis of IscniA, which he conferred on thq
:'Sculptor C4NovA, itn ktti:lWil pension of 3000
Roman crowns. This, celebreted artist has dis-
posed of :revenue in'the following manner
fixed dotation to the Roman Acetkuty of
ArAeology of 600 crowns. SecOod„l.o7o crowns
to found uourcil prizes,. Bud a triennial, prize for
painting, setJutetre,- and at'ehitecture,. hid) the
young artists of P.orne and the Roman titates only
are competent, to obtain. Third, 100 crowns to
the Acadeitty of Saint Luc. Fottith,- 120 cruet ns
to the Acailemy of the Lynx. And fifth, 1010
crowns,,td relieve poor. old, and infirm allitati
Routc.---(Puris Pi per.j

Parts, SAN. 7.—At the King's ,family dinner
Tweltch-night were assembled; their Royal
lliglmesses.Monsieur, the Dukes and Duchesses
D'Angoulenre and Berry, their Serene Highnesses
the Duchess Dowager of Orleans„ the Duchess of
Bourbon, and the Prince of Concl6. Lot
,desig-
nated the Duchess D'Angoaeme as Twelfth-night
Queen, who chose the Prince of Conq for King,
and the other august guests drank to
,the and
Queen.: The banquet was terminated before eight
•
Baron Vincent, 'Austrian Plenipotentiary, had
yester,!ay an audience of the King, in which he
presented to hi, Majesty a letter of notifwac ion of
the marriage Of the Emperor his master with th,
incev, of Bavaria

The, King and Qdeen of Wittemberg,lft
fort 011 tile Ist Of Jannary on tlictr return to. SUM.

Bard. tatting Darmstadt in their way.

Comn,i(tces of the two Chambers b.s'e had se-.
veral confer.enees on the, projet for regulating the
mode of proceeding of the Chamber 9f Peers, as a

Court, of Jostice.
According to an art of the Count de Wacgi.
rand, Governor of Martinique, no British mei-
chant vessel was to be adnUtted into the Ports o
that Wand after the Ist of December last.

The PrevotAlCourt of the. Upper Rhine, sittiAg
at Colmar, condemned, on the 40th December,' a
person named Joseph Wissang, to perpetual hat d
.141;our aniinfamy. This individual was employed.
as a workman at the Manufactory of Wesserliug.
About the stb of October. last the master,wor4fr
man (Mara.) proceeded to tifbes with 2300traucs,
in order to make a payment. Upon the : high
road near a:forest' he was robbed by. Wissang of
money. Tl,e depredator, fled, hut was stop-
ped by s.everat persons who heard Mara cry, for as-'
sistance. ..ln•his.detener he'declared that his mo.
'iher pfedieted. in his youth' that he would commit
a crime, .and he pretended.that sgme.dtemon had
urged him on to accomplish the 'prediction. •Ile
his a wife mid six cbildret%

The expenee of the steam-boat upon the lake of
Constance is about - one thousand Innis. The
conducted` bits proposed "to plate oo board the
,
vessel a Capiain,
,;‘ pilot, and six spilors, to at-
,•
muj, ibe,fire and 1)1,44. None but passungers are

to.frenidinitted..- Tkey to'firi cornbustiblei
iii the Of l'biirgOvia.
Last night Commissioner named Fi ret. aged
retirril to witbed bout extingniiitink
the candle; the curtain's" took 'firse?.. The, neigh
bolus, alarmed by the smoke which issitell from
the chamber, broke open the +fool, and found the
iinfortimate tnatyliali consumed iind Witis4)lit
signi of life. '

At Gitttoti,Ditc.l.• 17.--The remaiilit)g
slavvs iu the Regency_ of Timis have tar'ivetl, in u
sfltte excited CO ril pa *llOll 1111 increased
the linnet' of the Barbarians.

Little doubt is entertained es to the furore au-
dacity of the pirates, in the event of ourcoasts
being left unprotected.—Death is, preferable. to
slavery. Assistance has been afforded in different
Cities to these itlinton.tte men, whose houses
have been destroyed during thrir
vani Bellini wits carried off with—his wife and
eLildren, .and detained in slavery years. lie

Ills lot all his family. and strfTetc4 lit, much, that
t is predicted an cud will soon be lane t,a t„,.

•
fortunes.;
CI-lAMBEIt OF DEPUTIES.
iLTTING OV MONDAY, JAN. 6.
The Chamber of Deputies this day resumed the
discussion` on the proposed:Law it Eteetiona..
The.adoptinn, of the Ist article, proclaimed in
the Sitti►►g Of Saturday last, decided, that tl►ere
should' be no primary asseinbties. All -the intee:.
mediate, articles, up to the 7th, were agreed to
after some dibat e.

Art. 7 was to the following effect. ;--•'

" There shall b►i but ono Electoral College in
each department. It must, be co►nposcd or tat
the Electors of the Department, by whom De-
puties to the Chamber are to be direoly chosen."
When the question was stated from tl►e Chair,
interest Seemed to ibe felt ht the
Chatnter..

M. Clausel de ,Consergues contended, that k
was the highest coniegnence to the Monarchy
to preserve t wo steps in the election. The Chinn-
her4 cito,eu like the pretienthad,shown a peculiar
itkac.lmpat..to t e Moniiclty. Tire Cliatubcrof

18.15 was anxious "to follow the Nim tarcit, and
•
scarcely tin. Oth part of its Mernhers chose to en-
ter the pretended Legislative Body brought to-
, ..
gether by the Usurper.. , ' ' , •
The Legislative Body:or 181:3 became the Chain•
ber of Depinies after the 20th of March, 1514,;
and it had already, in the preceding December-,
1813, shown an excellent spirit. Ae appealed tri
nil his ohl colleagues, -and eTecjally to M. Loind,
whether in their private conversations, when em 7
"0(40 on ealatnitles of the country, they did
not poly prayers for the return of the heir
St. Louis ?,

...ro prove the tar er ot s;m:le stage, be should
only ore fact ; ,Btiriere, the Lieutenant
Unhespierre, was twice natned_ n ean,Ji,i,ite by a
diitrict colka,e. It k unnecessary to remind the
Chamber that the rcieced the choice of
such a monster, He wag nutuina ed doring the

hundred days, becanse the disttict colleges fib-
~,lin►'el
the direct election ; and France shu►lderedl
at i lic re7appettrance of this pretended Icgiilator.
lie moved•the rejection of the 7th ortide.

The. President then stll he 'had forgone') to
read M. de Serrti's amendments on the art ide.—
They were to the effect of malcin"r two clectoc,ll
colleges in each department, except that of the
Seine ; oite for electors in towns 'containing a
populatibn of above 1500 souls, and another for
the country parts. •
M. Simeon opposed the motion, dwelling on the
absurdity of making such a d4erence between
men enioying
.the same right, to the effect of
giving one set a direct right of election in all its
plenitude;and the other mtly an indirect,
y.,l3atthe:Lahultide.was, against the article as
• •
it LOW stood,, and "Proposed amendments to the
effect of fixing• a larger sunk for the Eleetoral
Cpllege which made the direct choice, while the
secondtwy college should elect the Candidates,
M. Vonsard remarked, that all the amendments
were subversive of the moral effl:et of
the law, which was intended to extinguish 1,,r
ever the old causes of rivalry Iknd discord The'
false steps of pride and opulence should be for
eyer prevented.
IM.,Mareellus contended,
.that if they adopted
the article they would open a new career of public
misfortunes. fie conjured them to leave the Col-
lege! as they were.

Ruyer Collard defended the measure on the
example of England and Ainei ica, %Oleic they
were not two staxes.
M. Bonald opposed the article. He remarked,
that in order to fill the meanest functions of guard
,
chompeire, gaoler, ushers, a certificate of good
life and morals was repsisite ; turd now to fill the
'most bontiarable of functions, that of stn elector
of represeniiitt;v.3, 011 ~,cyc. to ho ailitlittril who
11311 elic,reqinsties or roreune and
M. Cornet D'lneourt, in speakingamin.st, the
article, took occasion to .sayl—" It is tios, year,
gentlemen; reckoning front this very any! (the ring
'of Kings, as the French call Twelfth-cloy), ,hies
we all with one accord adopted the law of Am-
nesty, and banished the rt,! 1.; 'cities. Let us cele-
brate this memorable anniversitrY,. and reject a
,ditmey ()us Jaw,.''
Several Members called for the division. .
M. Benoit warnily'argued agaiirist the article,
M. Lain 6 refitted those ObjettionS the'article
which went on the ground that it, would be dan-
geronsto emit the, elections to a great nitilon. of
eleetort'Collected in one bOdy. Mistrust, he ob-
served, mightt produce- the very mischief which
wits deprecated. There. was no danger to be ap- ,
prthei,u,d in rtleior.; apt holly a tale 6,ar5,..r.
1,0 the man who presents himself it great
name, a great,fortune,'Or have rendered services
to the public--let hint -say that be wishes to serve,
his King anti his Country, and he will be chosen.
The close of the discussion was called for.
M. de Serre's amendment, not being supported,
was .set aside.
That of M. Lah.astide ,was re,i,d'bythe Presi
-
dent. The previous question Wit 3 called for.
M. tie Chalabre moved, that the words of tbe
question should be.--" Shan there be .electimis by
one, or tap sloes ?"
This/was, put,to the vote. A firtt trial appear• .
ed doubtful. On the second trial, the bureitil de-
'clared that:li. de ClialAre's motion was rejeCted.
A number of voices--" A call of 'Mmes.!" (Noise;
the President rings his kit.)
The President.—AlAtongls- the biireau has no
donbts as' to the result of the trial, yet as the
call of names is demanded it will trite place.
The ballot accordingly toak phice, the uuoil)tr
of voters being 224, who each as iris name was
called, advanced to the table, and put in it ballohe
white ones being for the previous question, ,and
the black for the question.
For the adoption or the previous question., 118'
Against its adoption

Majority tg
'The Chamber then deelalied, that there Was no
ground tor deliberating on the cite tine.
Article 7. was pot to thy vote and adopted,

i

i
