PAYNE V. STANHOPE.

This was an action of libel. The libel was con-
tained in a letter written by the defendant, Mrs.
Susan Stanhope, to a Mrs. Williams, in Monmouth-
shire, in February last. It complained of the con-
duct of a married sister to Mrs. Williams, who, it
was said, had " degraded herself by living with a
horse-de der of the name of Payne," and charged the
plaintiff, Payne, with having obtained possesion.of a
draught which had been remitted to a lady with
whom he lived, under pretence of getting it cashed
for her, and applying the proceeds to his own use.
*wed also that the plaintiff had prevailed on, the
lady to quit her lodgings clandestinely:without pay-
ing her rent, leaving nothing but an empty trunk;
and that the plaintiff prevented her from paying
her just debts, amongst which was a bill of SI. 15s.
due to a milliner, to whom the defendant had intro-
duced Mrs. Williams, and that the milliner had de-
termined to advertise the lady as a swindler. The
defendant (Mrs. Stanhope) was stated to be a lady
of property, residing in Dorset-place, Dorset-sqnare.
Her hand-writing to the letter was proved by a clerk
from the banking-house of Messrs. Herries, Fat-
quhar, and Co., where she kept an account.
After hearing evidence on both sides, the Jury
found for the plaintiff—Damages, 40s.

LIBERATION OF TWO SLAVES.

POLICE OFFICE, CORK, Nov. 10.

The Elite Ann, of Nassau, New Providence, one
of the Bahamas, put into Cove about two months
past, on her passage from a French port, where she
had taken in wines for that island. It was announced
soon after her arrival that there were six slaves on
board, and the Act was communicated to the com-
mittee of the Cork Anti-Slavery Society : but it
appeared, from the testimony of some gentlemen
who had conversed with the men, that none of them
were then disposed to avail themselves of the im-
munity which their arrival on British territory
af-
forded, though full/ 'apprized of the opportunity
within their power ; and the committee, therefore,
did not feel themselves called upon to interfere.
The vessel, however, remained in our harbour, and
the committee were subsequently informed (at their
meeting► for the present month) that tome of the
men had changed their sentiments, and were now
decidedly anxious to obtain their liberty. A feW
gentlemen were then appointed to investigate the
case, and act according to circumstances, who im-
mediately instituted an inquiry, and presently ascer-
tained that a letter had been received by the Mayor
front some of the slaves, praying him to interfere
for their liberation.

On the following day one of the negro seamen,
named John M'Kenna, was met with in town, hav-
ing come up to ascertain whether any thing could
be done in their case, lie was questioned closely
by the deputation, to whom he expressed his
anxious desire to become free, declaring, with
energy, that he never could comprehend why he
should be sold as a beast at the will of others, or
compelled to work for their benefit during his whole
life ; and adding, that he and another of the ship's
crew, named Samuel Ellard, were determined never
to leave this country in the capacity of slaves. He
was informed, hereupon, that in this land they were
under the protection of British law, and there-
fore, to all intents and purposes, free, without the
necessity of, any formal recognition before a Ma-
gistrate; and that the course they might pursue
was entirely et their own option. Next day both
men appeared and expressed their intention to seek
employment on board some other vessel; at the
same time intimating their wish to recover wages
from the period of their arrival in a free port. This
did not meet encouragement; but as they persisted
on the ground of their right as freemen, and even
applied for assistance in other quarters, it was
deemed expedient to facilitate a decision on their
claim.

A summons was accordingly served on the captain
to flIi3WCr their demand before the bench of Msgis-
trateq, and the case was heard on Wednesday last,
by A ldei men Parker and Gibbings, sen.
The negro seamen (who are both remarkable for
their manly and intelligent appearance) were attended
by a few members of the Anti-Slavery Committee;
and the captain was accompanied by some gentlemen
of this city, and by Mr. Elliott, the owner of the
vessel, who had also been proprietor of Samuel El-
lard and others of the slaves on board.

Mr. Elliott, whose conduct proved him to be an
►amiable and excellent character, replied to the de-
mand, that the men were taken on board in strict
conformity with colonial usage, and to laws relating
to *laves in the capacity of seamen, and under cer-
tificate from the Custom-house and Registry-office;
it, therefore, they were admitted to be his property,
they were of course not entitled to any wages but
what he might choose voluntarily to bestow; whilst,
on the other hand, if considered as freemen, they
were precluded from any claim by the ship's papers,
as their return to New Providence was stipulated,
and the contract being broken by their desertion
front the vessel, all wages became forfeited.
To this it was ojected by Mr. Parker, agent for
the Society, that as the existence of slavery is not
recognized beyond the jurisdiction of the colonial
governments, the plea of the seamen's servile condi-
tion is totally futile in a British Court of Justice;
while, on the other hand, they were under no obli-
gations by the ship's papers, inasmuch as the stipu-
lations contained therein were made, not by them
as free agents, but by their owners as the absolute
disposers of their time and persons aboard.
One of the men, who seemed deeply interested in
the proceedings, now requested to be heard. Ile
fret ly admitted Mr. Elliott's kindness and humanity;
but said, that he had been long enough in bondage
—had been sold three times from one owner to
another, and could not tell into what circumstances
he might fall if he returned to the colony. Ili,
wages were but a secondary consideration, freedom
being his great object ; and he was resolved never
to return into slavery again.

The gentlemen of the Society admitted the com-
paratively mild form of slavery in the Bahamas, as
contrasted with the sugar colonies, notwithstanding
the striking evidence officially before the public, even
from those islands, in the notorious oases of the
Mosses, of the innute viciousness and .unalterable
tendency of this opprobrious system. Whilst they
must repudiate the idea of man possessing property
in the person of his fellow, and whilst they could
not for a moment put the pecuniary interest of the
one party in competition with the natural rights of
the other, or recognise the notion that any human
enactments can be a valid sanction for violating the
divine law, yet they felt for the circumstances in
which Mr, Elliott was placed. They therefore
withdrew the ease, and also declared that so fully
did they rely on the promise given by Mr. Elliott
not to place any restraint over the remainder of his
craw, that the Anti-Slavery Committee would take
tin further steps in reference to them ; although, had
a contrary line of conduct been pursued, they would
have deemed it incumbent to adopt such measures
as the exigencies of the case might require.
The whole proceedings were conducted with ex-
emplary courtesy and good feeling, and the parties
withdrew mutually satisfied.
We understand Mr. 'Elliott is an influential mem-
ber athe r Colonitd flouse of Assembly at Nassau,
where he is highly respected.—Sonthern leParter.

PAISLEY REFORM MEETING.

(From the Glasgow Chronicle of Monday.)

This day, at one o'clock, a meeting of the Paisley
Reform Society was held in the New Relief Meeting-
house, Thread-street. The church was crowded to
excess. At half-past one, the Committee, accom-
panied by Sir John Maxwell, Mr. Wallace of Kelly,
Mr. Orr, of Ralston, and other gentlemen of the
neighbourhood, entered the church, and were re-
ceived with deafening cheers. On the motion of
Mr. D. Ritchie, Sir John Maxwell was called to the
chair. Mr. Ritchie then introduced the business
of the meeting, and Mr. Gardner, writer, after a
speech of some length, proposed a series of resolu-
tions, which were read amidgreatapplause. They de-
picted the present anomalous state of the represen-
tation, and urged the propriety of a speedy radical
reform, and vote by ballot. The resolutions were
seconded by Mr. Mason. A man, called Neil, then
moved un amendment, that the meeting should agree
to no petition which did not involve an equitable
adjustment of the National Debt, and its liqui•
dation by the sale of the state property—uni-
versal suffrage and annual Parliaments. Mr. Fisher
seconded the proposition. Mr. Henderson would
be willing to support it in the resolutions, but
advised the leaving of any such claims out of
the petition, with the view of uniting all parties.
Mr. Neil then requested that . his motion be put
from the chair—when a gentleman rose and begged
of the meeting to be united—they had on this occa-
sion the countenance of the great, and he implored
them not to fall into discord. A scene of great con-
fusion followed, during which Mr. Neil persisted in
being heard, and the meeting appeared as resolutely
determined not to hear him. Ultimately peace was
restored, and Mr. Neil said he
,had no intention of
creating any discord ; he merely wished to tnow
whether the meeting would be content with any
thing short of what he proposed. Mr. Gardner,
Mr. zspeirs, and others, urged the propriety of being
content with such claims at present as would be
listened to, which was not likely to be the case with
the amendment. Mr. Speirs said, that he for one,
would be glad to see the taxes laid more on the rich
and taken off the poor; for to the working classes,
he and his friend Sir J. Maxwell were indebted for
what they possessed. He was, however, of opinion,
that if this meeting did not adopt the amendment,
another might be had which would go along with
him. This being received with cheers, Sir John
Maxwell put the question to the vote, but was
again interrupted by 'Neil, upon which the uproar
increased, and he was 'obliged to sit down. Mr.
'Barr said he did not know the gentleman, nor
did he believe he intended any such thing, but hit
conduct was just such us the opponents of reform
wanted. lie appealed to the good sense of the meet-
ing to keep by the advertisement, and not let fire
bra►tds be thrown among them.—(Great cheering.)
Mr. Houston spoke in favour of the resolutions as
they stood, as all was called for in the words radical
reform. They should act consistently, and not ask
what would render their efforts ridiculous. Mr. Os-
borne wished to know whether radical reform in-
cluded the objects of the amendment 7 If it did
not he hoped the meeting would not be led away.
The original resolutions were then carried, only
übout 20 hands being held up for the amendment.
The result was announced amid immense cheering.
Mr. Fleming, after a few appropriate remarks rela-
tive to the necessity oh reform, read the petitions
to the King and the Commons, which being seconded
by Mr. John Henderson, were unanimously agreed
to amid deafening cheers. The meeting was there-
after addressed by Mr. Wallace of Kelly, with his
usual eloquence ; and after voting thanks to the
managers of the church, the Chairman, this journal,
and others, the meeting, after several rounds of up-
plause, adjourned.
