STATEM ENT OF THE BRITISH FORCE.

Rear-Admiral Sir David Millie, - GUM.
K• C. 13. lmpregnable 9B
•
_ _

Captain Blare
--- E. Ekins C. B Superb
----- Sir .1. lit isbane, Knt.A_Queen Charlotte, t no
and C. 13.
Win. Paterson, C. 8... Nlitnit it
J. Cuoile, C. B.
Flon.F.W.Avluter,C.B. Severn
W. F. Wise, C. 8..... Grankus
' Hon. A.Maitlanit, C. B. Glasgow
E. Palmer, C.ll lit:tiros
E. Chetliatu, C. B.
G. Bent hem
—.. .1. Mot:ld - 13
W. Kew itt horn
R. Riddle
W. Dash wood
...--- W. Sargent n
C. Moorsotu ' Fury bomb
W. Popham
Hun. (i. P. Percival Infernal bomb
F. Mitchell

On the platform of this tquare stands a round
tower, with a tower un the top, the whole
being surmounted by a light-house, bearing the
Algeline arms, and having batteries at each tower
and platform. This tasteful work tif art is two
feet three inches square at the base, and three feet
high, and cost about 1,400 guineas. We feel
pleasure in adding two kite's, which hare passed
between Lord Exmouth and his officers ou this
occasion, and which contain sentiments equally
honourable to both parties :

H. M. S. Superb, Hamone, Ant. 27, 1818.
MY I.olll3,—Drputed by the Rear-Admiral, the Captains
and commanders who hail the honour to scree under your
Lordship's command, at the memorable attack of Algiers,
On lire 27th of August, 1816, it is with feelings of peculiar
pride and gratification, that 1 have to utter to pun- Lordship's
acceptance, the accompanying tribute u; their admiration and
respect, and by presenting your Lordship with tins tot.:i of
their esteem, endeavohr to express the high sense they cilia-
tain of the judgment which planned, the experience and abi-
lity which guided, and the daring intrepidity which so nobly
executed, one of the boldest achievements recorded in the
pages of our Naval History : an event which, by having 6,1- its
sole object the extinction of Christian slavery, shed a newer-
tasting lustre over the arms and character of the. British Na-
tion.

In conveying to your Lordship this testimony of our united
sentinwnts upon that occasion, accept, my Lord, the absor-
once of respect and esteem with which

I have the honour to remain,

Your Lordship's must obedient buinhle servant,
CHARLES EKINS, Captain.
The Right Hun. Admiral Viscount Exmouth, G.C.B.

&c. &c.

Admiralty-House, Plymouth, August 27, 1.818,

Sta,—l accept, with the most lively satisfaction, the de-
gant piece of plate which Rear-Admiral Sir David Mi,ne,
and the Captains and Commanders of his Majesty's squa-
dron, who so nobly seconded the attack upon Algiers, on the
47th of August, triliG, have conferred on we, to mark (as
your kindness has led you to say) their admiration of my ser-
vices on that occasion ; and I request you will Convey to
them my warmest thanks for this very flattering testimony of
their esteem, which mill perpetuate in my family the pleas-
ing recollection of a service, from vvhich resulted linnors to
the British name, the emancipatioti of thousands of suffering
victims, and the total abolition of Christian slavery.
The highest gratification an officer can receive in the dips
charge of his public duty, arises trom the respects of those he
has had the honour to command, especially when sanctioned
by distioguished servicesand experience; and such sentiment*
are rendered doubly acceptable, when conveyed by all °dicer
who himself fought and bled in this cause, so interesting' to
humanity.
I request that you will do we the favour to accept my hest
acknowledgments for the very flattering manner in which you
have communicated to lie the wishes of your brave associates.
I have the honour to he,
With much esteem, my dear Sir,
Your must obedient humble !errant,
Capt.Chas.ELins: C. 13. E.XMOUTI-I.

FISHING.--These years Fist the Fit. n
the Soulhern coast of Ireland has then %%Ay uo-
productive ; however, there now appears a better
prospect—the shoals are lately more large and
req cent. In the harbour the take of sprat-,
which are generally the foreriinners of the latg, r
fish which prey upon them, have been almost in.
credible. On la,t Friday a great nnmber of boats
employed in taking them would have yearly list
their !dhotir but forthe kindness of Alf French,ot
Cusquinny, who perceiving the state of the Strand
to be vile ineomenient, immediately ordered out
his own hotses and carts, and procured chose of
his tenantry to the number of about forty, anti
bad the large kitties instantly tetnoved, so as to
enable the fishermen to dtaw up their nets. We
are told that upwards of 120,000 Market el have
been taken on Tuesday, iu Robert's Core.,-..
(('ork .Idrertiser, dug. 27.)

JOSEPH BUONAPARTF,'S MAN •
FOR REVOLUTIONISING SOUTH AMERICA.

(FRoAI AN OOTI.I NE OF THE REVOLUTION IN, SOUTH AMERICA.)

iNsTßucTions given by ifiSEPH BIIoNAPARTE, to
tho CommissAKy or PRINCIPAL AQVNT appOint-
ed by him at BalaMore. M .D ShioLA 14 n and the
others who, furnished with his orders, hare gone to
SPANISH A NERICA, for .the purpose of exciting a
Revolution there:— •

"The object which these agents are to aim, at
kir the present, is only to declare to the Creoles
of Spanish America, and to persuade them that
his Imperial and Royal Majesty has solely in
view to give liberty to Spanish America, whoSe
inhabitants have been enslaved for so many years,.
and the only return expected for so great a boon,'
is the friendship of the natives, and , commerce
with the harbours of both Americas. That, to
-render Spanish America free' and itidejsendent of
Europe, his said Majesty offers all the necessary
assistance of•iroops and warlike stores, he hav-
ing agreed with the United States of NUrth Ame-
riCa to accommOdate him therewith. Eve7'y Com-
missary or Agent in Chief, being acquainted with
the district, to which he is deputed, and also with
the character of its inhabitants, will have no dif-
ficulty in selecting proper persons to.eive them
the needful instructions for persuading the people
- and pointing out to them the adVantage they will
derive from throwing off the European yoke. He
will make theist observe that large sums will re-
. main and circulate in the American provinces„,by
suspending the profuse remittances which are
tinually making to Spain ; and that their come
pierce will be: increased, and their ports wiii be
• open to all foreign nations. He will dwell on,
• the advantage •to be derived 'from the free
dom of agriculture, and the cultivation of those
v, articles at present prohibited by the Spanish 'Go-
vernment ; for inss,auce, that -of saffron, hemp,
flax., olives, veins, &c. ; the benefit that will ac-
crue to them from the establishmetwof -faanufac-
tores of every sort ; the great satlia.ction .44 lad'•
vantage of abolishing the monopo *les of tamacco,'
gonpowder,' stamps; &c. ToAibtain these poipti
-with some ease, in 'chesequenee of the "greater
part of the people being necivilized, Lite !tmen.is
to:bg; solicitous. to'render,themselves ac-
-WlC:table to the GOvernors,; Intendants, CnrateS,
rand 'Pretates.''' They, will spare no expenee, n9r
liny.p.thermieatis.of, .airing their good:will, es-:
I pecially that of the Ecclesiastics, on 'whom they
are to prevail, that they should urge and persuade
peuitents :tylien they tome to confess, that-ilm.y,
-stand in- need of an independent Government,
, that they must not lose so favourable ansoppor-
• ttojitY.as titan which now presents itself, and
which the,-Emperor Napoleon affords them,
who, they are to make the people belier6,Th"
sent by God to chastise the pride and tyraensy
of • Monarchs ; and that -it is a mortal
;tointieting of no pardon, to resist .God'S
They'+‘'illt.on every WeasioO,.caii to their _minas
, the opposition they experience from the Euro-
peans, the vile manner in which they are tre-ared
:by them, and ,the contempt to which they ate ex-
posed. They will also remind the Indians cir
cumstantially, of the cruelties of.the Spaniards in
,conquest, and of their infamous treatment of their
, legitimate Sovereigns, in dethroning them, in
akiog away their lives, or enslaving them. They
will describe the acts of injustice which they
daily experience when applying for places,
.which
are bestowed by the Viceroys and Governors on
worthless persons, to the exclusion of the Inert-
'tot•ions. They will direct the people's atteution
to the superior talents of the many neglected
'Creoles and people of merit contrasted with the
" European public Officers and Ecclesiastics, which
, will make apparent the Hardships they suffer, and
• will enable them to draw a parallel between the
talents and merits of the. Creoles and those of the
European Officers. They will represent- to them
the difference between the United States and Spa-
nish America, the comforts which those Ameri-
cans enjoy, and their advancement in contnserce,
'sericulture, and oavigatiorei and the pleasure of
being free from the European yoke, and being
left solely, to their own patriotic and elective Go-
vernment. They will assure them, that Ame-
rica, once disengaged from Spain, will become the
legislatrix of Europe. Ali agents, both principal
andsubordinate, are to specify the names of those
who declare themselves friends and votaries of li-
berty; and the subaltern agents are to transmit
the list to the principals, who will make their re-
ports to my envoys in the United States, for my
information, and that they'may duly reward every
.individual. My agents will refrain from declaim-
ing against the inquisition of the Church, and in
their conversations, rather insist upon the neces-
sity of that hOly tribunal, and'of the usefulness of
the clergy. , Upon the insurrectional standards or
•banners is to be inscribed, the:notto, " Long
live , the Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman. Reli-
"gion, and perish the bad. Government," They
besides make. the Indians observe how happy
they will be when they become once more mas-
ters of their country, and free from the tyrannical
tribute which they pay to a foreign Monarch ; anti
they will tell the people ;lat their said
jMonarch does not so much as exist ill his own
Government, but is in the power of the restorer
of liberty, and the universal legislator,-Napoleon.
In short, these agents-must, by all possibleotans,
endeavour to shew time people the utility which
Will arise to them from the Government in ques-
.tion, The revolution having been thus prepared,
nod all the principal members who are to take a
share in it,severy -city and.province having been
,gained over, it will' be for the chief, as well as the
subordinate agents, to accelerate the insurrection,
in order that-the revolt may take place at the'dif-
lerent points agreed upon, on the same day and at
site seinelmour, this being a material point which
greatly facilitate the enterprize. The princi-
pal tsgents in every province of their department,
,and the subalterns in the posts assigned them,
-will win over the domestics of Governors, Intend-
,ants, and other persous- in power, and by means
.of,them will poison these of this class whom
• they ,consider as hostile to the undertaking,' an
operation to precedele the revolution, in order to
-sictoovg all obstacles. The first thing to be consi-
dered will be, hoW to stop -the remittances .of
treasure to the- Peninsula, which may easily 6e

effected by baying good agents at Vera Crnz,
where all the vessels arriving from.turope will be
reei'ved, and their (Akers and crews immediately
confined in the fortresses, antii every thing shall
have succeeded, and'the revolution be in forward-
ness. The agents are further directed to instruct
theirisnb-agents to transmit to them frequent ac-
Counts of the progress of thefevoluzirr ; and the
chief agents will communicate with my Envoy in
the United States, by the'channels which shall be
pointed out to them. For this pnepose,it
proper to keep prepared land-Conveyances to thnse
points of the coast 'which maybe deenied• suitable,
and where there are alvrays' to he'ready vessels for
any emergency.
•
" T 9 my 'Envoy DOsnr)lard "

JOSEPH NAPOLEON.

THE LATEr-MiSSION TO SPAIN.

, .
" MADRID, AUGUST 12.-1-Yol(must be curious
to know the object of the Chevalier ifeCtimru-
zANo's niiiision, which partienlari-circurnitances
have enabled; me to become•riertiorin. la with. I
believe I can inform von of its real object, and
thus destroy the false renofts-tn • which it has
given rise. It has been said that he was the bearer
of a treaty of offensive and defensive, allihnce be-
tween Spain and ;England •agairilt :the' 'United
States. -i It hia.s.also,been Stated that.he evaS Conic
to obtain the King's approbatiOn of Conven-
tion-between Spainlind 'th'e Government. of Bue-
nos Ayres, by which Aire latter was 'fo he placed
under a Spanish Prince in.the capacity'of heredi-
tary Viceroy:l4And, in fine, it
,was frimoOred that
he had been sent to make' known to the .Govern-
ment the different projects of the Spanish Lik-
rules, who, nnder.Renovales. and Ot,her- Chiefs,
and in accord with the agents-of-the Insurgents,'
wished tg-F7501g troubles in Spain-..%. ;
" But in fact, the-object of his mission was no
Lother than to make known to the Kom the state
fi: die public opinion in ILricialid -end on,he Con-
ducat, relative to tire Revolution.in America, am
themeces:,ity of securing that opinion by speedy
and lii:eral concessions on tilt p.irt of the King,,to
liis subjects, iii America, in wherse.betliialf the phi-
lanthripy of :he 4ge bad iniereteilitself. Ibis
repiesentarion appears,to have cptke very apropos,
'for' a' few .dayilierote the Chtn'Atetti;itt'rii,al, time
inqi6rtant qbesiiimi Of the dfi'eetrenrinefee of fo7
reigtiers with the ports 'of "Spaiiisli Aniefica had.
-been 'decided favourably in the Conned of State.
On the other hand, th&Chevalier lisii receive(' the
greatest support from rue First. Secretary 6.1-grifte,,
M. de Pizarro, and found the best disposition .ini
i.the • other' Members arnj Chief Couns-ellori,•: Who'
are strongly convinced. of the necessity of -Making
evety sacrifice , to keep America.. Hence, after
two Cabinet Councils, the Chevalier:wAs .sent
hack with •romiriere.authority---ttr the Spanish
I Ambassador at,Lone_lon, in order,* he may en-
ter into all the arrangements which shall lead to
the pacification 'of Arileeica, 'which 'they believe
I here depends exclueively'upon the conduct of the
kiritish Govern alert."'• • 1 ': . • '

. .
AGRIcTILTI7IIB ,

MONTHLY REPOItt FOR. AUGUST.

Since the year 1800 %ve have not had such a
continuance of the solir heAt, and the present
harvest has been one of the earliest, least expen-
sive to the farmer, !iitti most pLasant to the la-
bower, which has been known to this country.
'Wheat was stacked as early as July 18, and
leans cat before the 31st.
,laesome parts of
the West, the Wheat .harvei:t finished with
Jelly. Laboniers have beets scarce, in some places,
evincing a pleasing change of circumstance
from the last two years. The reports of the
Wheat-crop continue Universally, favourable,
and the prevailing speculation is, that the present
growth, audrd to the foreign Wheat on hand,
will amount to a full two years' consumption.—
Warm showers might have improved the Wheal
still further ; but its present condition and quality
are admirable, 'the_ ears large anti Well filled, and
the weight so considerable, that it is supposed
much of it will wrigh from 62 to 64.1b5. per Win-
chester bushel. As it was ready for stapking al-
most as soon as, cut, it will be equally ready for
,grinding. The Wheat crop is said to be great
throughout Europe; and no doubt but as great a
quantity as possible, horn all parts, will be 'sent
to the'English Market.
The exceptions its the north to the general
badness of the spring crops, noticed last month,
stand confirmed‘i and oats, particularly in the
fens, proddee beyond expectation. ‘Vools are.
Still in unceasing request. Hops, with some few
unfortunate exceptions, will be greatly productive,
and of a quality 'far Superior to any thing known
of late years. The barleys will be of the finest
possible qUality.- 'Both the young clovers
and the ' seed crops have failed. Rape, a
light crop. Svedish turnips have generally
failed,: Cumberland, Westmorland, and soma
other northern dktricts have been the most suc-
cessful with respect to their general crops, par-
ticularly turnips and potatoes. The prospect for
winter and early spring is alarming, and ought to
excite the most provident care. Not only grass,
hay, anti turnips, must be exceedingly scarce, but
straw of every kind also. Drawing and storing of
turnips, or leasing them to the probable risk of a
hard winter, will deserve consideration; as also
the use of cattle-cabbage for late spring feed,
upon strong lands ; seed-cabbage may be now
sown in beds and watered, and the plants may
be set in the field, partly in autumn, and part at
early bean planting. Mutton, veal, and all dairy,
produce, must inevitably continue near.

FATAL ACCIDENT.—Since the commencement
of the repairs at Northumberland House, there
has been a watchman appointed to watch the roof,
and prevent the lead and water-pipes being stolen,
He could ascend all the towers, and at the dead
of tie
night it was his duty to remain entirely
above, because he could see any one who then
would enter the premises, On Sunday morning,
about ti n o'clock, he was in this situation, when
by some means at present unknown het,fell to the
groom!, and was atterWards found shockingly
tr,auled. He was taken to tie /nfilraary, where
he ditd) esterday 'morning.
