IMPF•RIAL PARLIAMENT.

KO USE OF COMMONS, FEB. 5.
The Sr., Alma took the Chair at Four o'Clock.
Lord. A. CoNysonAm took the oaths and his seat as
Merrier for Canterbury.
The Sheriffs of London and Middlesex appeared at tl'e
bar, and presented two petitions from the Lord Mayor, Al-
dermen, and Common Councilmen of the City of London,
but the nature of them we are unable to state, as it was
not mentioned by the Sheriffs at the bar, nor by the Clerk
at the table.
Sir G. STRICKLAND presented a petition from
Barnsley in Yorkshire against the Small Debts Court Bill.
POST OFrICE IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. WALLACE presented a petition from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the City of Edinburgh, in favour of
Mr. Rowland Hill's plan for Post Office Improvement, but,
as Wq understood, deprecating the experiment proposed to
be made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The HoN. MEMBER presented also a petition from the
Chamber of Commerce of Edinburgh, praying for an ex-
tension of the Day Mails to Edinburgh.
DAY MAILS.
Mr. GRANTLEY BERKLEY presented a petition
from a parish in Gloucestershire, praying fur a repeal of
the Poor-law Amendment L.N.;t,
Mr. STEWART presented a petition (whence we did
not hear) against thca Poor-law Bill for Ireland.
Sir W. SON.IERVILLE presented a petition from
the Merchants, Traders, and other inhabitants of the town
of Drogheda, praying for a reduction on the postage of
letters,

Lord ALBERT CONYNGHAM presentcd a peti-
tion from the electors of Canterbury, praying for the pro-
tection of the Vote by Ballot, the Extension of the Suf-
frage, and Short Parliaments.
ABOLITION OF NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.
Mr. PEASE presented petitions from Darlington,
Frome, and another place, the name bi which we
could not catch, praying for the abolitio':, of the system of
Negro Apprenticeship,
The HON. MEMBER presented another petition from
Darlington, praying for a, reduction of the duties upon
Olive Oil.

PATENTS.
Mr. MACKINNON presented a petition from Mr.
Parkir4, a manufacturer of the City of London, complain-
ing that a new invention of his had been pirated by the
Croydon Railway Company. The petitioner stated that
he had applied for an injunction to the Vice-Chancellor,
but it been refused on the ground that only a partial use
had been made of the article. The object of this petition
was merely to show the defective state of the law as re-
garded Patents, to which the petitioner hoped the atten-
tion of the House would be directed.
NEGRO SLA_VERY.
Sir GEORGE STRICKLAND presented a petition
from Boroughbridge, ill the North Riding of Yorkshire,
complaining that, although 20 millions had been paid by
the country t(1 'procure the emancipation of the negroes,
the evils of slavery remained unabated. The petitioners
prayed frJr the abolition of the system of apprenticeship,
under which they considered the condition of the negroes
as )'.ttle better than it had formerly been.
The HON. BARONET presented another petition from
Dent, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, to the same effect.
Mr. A. W HITE presented a petition to the same
effect, but from what place we could not learn.
NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.
Mr. FINCH presented a petition from some place, the
name of which we could not catch, against the system of
Negro Apprenticeship in the Colcnies.

GLASGOW COTTON-SPINNERS.
Mr. WAKLEY presented a petition from Huddersfiehl,
signed by 12,000 persons, praying for a mitigation of the
sentence on the Glasgow Cotton-spinners ; also a
petition from Paisley, agreed to at a public meet-
ing, and signed by the Chairman, praying the House
to address her Majesty for a mitigation or commu-
tation of the sentence ; also a Petition to the same
effect from the Carpenters' Trades Union, at the Ivy
House, Doswell-street-road ; and one from the inhabitants
of Shoreditch and Spitalfichls. The Hon. Hember then
presented one from the Glasgow Cotton-spinners them-
selves, signed by 990 persons, and praying that, in conse-
quence of the statements which had been made against the
Association in the public press, the House would appoint
a Committee to inquire into the constitution of that Asso-
ciation, and into a!! its practices. The Petitioners stated
that they did not dread inquiry, and prayed the
House to make the investigation as searching as possible.
The Hon. Member presented another petition on the same
subject from the Carpenters and Joiners' Society in Lon-
don. The petitioners also entreated the House to grant
t.n inquiry into the constitution of Trade Societies ge-
nerally, believing those Societies to be of use not only to
the working classes, but to society in general.
NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
Mr. BAINES presented a petition from a place in the
West Riding of the county of York, praying for the
abolition of the system of negro apprenticeship.
NATIONAL EDUCATION.
Mr. BAINES presented a petition from another place
in the West Riding of the county of York, complaining
cf the present system of national education in the country
as being very defective, and praying for a system of Na-
tional Education, particularly requestity, the House to en-
tertPi.o the Bills brought into the House of Lords by
Lutd Brougham on the subject.
Mr. P. M. STEWART presented petitions from
places, the names of which we could not learn, praying
for protection in the exercise of the elective franchise,
and complaining of the exercise of fictitious votes.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from the Rector
of Darlaston, against the suppression of the Bishopric of
Sodor and Man.

Lord S A.N D 0 N presented two petitions from Liverpool
against the Bill for rating small tenements. Also a peti-
tion from certain inhabitants of Liverpool, praying for a
more summary jurisdiction in cases of controverted
elections.

Mr. E. BULLER presented a petition from a place in
Staffordshire, against the Negro Apprenticeship System.
Also, a petition to the same effect from the Dissenting
Congregation of Pope's Chapel, Pentonville.
Mr. HUME presented petitions from Middlesex, Ti-
verton, and a parish in Suffolk, praying for the vote by
ballot ; also a petition from the members of a Mechanic's
Institution, praying for the establishment of a system of
national education. The petitioners stated that during the
late election a great deal of bribery, corruption, and demo-
ral.ization took place ; and they complained that they were
deprived of the right to exercise their franchise, on the
ground that they were ignorant, for which education would
afford a sufficient remedy. The petitioners hoped that
schools would be established throughout the country.
NEW ZEALAND ASSOCIATION.
Mr. PLUMTRE gave notice that he should on Tues-
day, the 13th February, move that an humble address be
presented to her Majesty, praying that her Majesty would
e graciously pleased to withhold from the New Zealand
Association the grant of her Royal Charter.
Lord EBRINGTON presented a petition frorn the
Board of Guardians of the Roehampton Union, signed by
the Chairman, and unanimously agreed to, against any
alterations in the principles of the Poor-law Bill.
The NOBLE LORD also presented a petition from the
parish of Culsthorpe (as we understood), in Devon, praying
for the total abolition of Slavery.
An HON. MEMBER, whose name was not known, pre-
sented a petition in favour of the Vote by Ballot, an ex-
tension of the Suffrage, and the shortening of the duration
of Parliaments.

JOINT STOCK COMPANIES.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gale

notice that he should to-morrow move for leave to bring in
a Bill to amend the law relating to Clerical Members o
Joint Stock Companies. This he did in consequence of the
decision which had lately taken place in the Court of Ex-
chequer.—(Hear, hear, from the Conservative Benches.)
Mr. HUME wished to ask the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer whether he intended to renew the Committee, and
lake any measures respecting the Bank of England.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said it
was his intention in the course of next week tij move the ap-
pointment of a Committee on Joint Stock Banks.
Mr. HUME asked if the Right H Gentleman
tended to open the question of the conduct of this hank
during the 17;3i 18 months.

Ti".:Te CHANCELLOR of the EXcHEOLTER t,kid
that if the Hon. Gentleman me7,"isi 'by that ipettlon to ask
whether the Governmuut Intended to propose any alter.l-
- in the agreement which after great deliberation that
House had concluded with the Bank, he begged to state it
was not his intention to propose tny alteration in that
agreement. At the same time he thought it was impos-
sible for that House to consider the state of the Banks
throughout the country without also taking into coasi-
deration a portion of the conduct of the Bank of Eng-
land, so fir!as the country, circulation was concerned.
Mr. HUME wished to know bow the agreement Lc•
tween the Bank and the Government had been carried
into effect. He had given notice last ;'car, and he now
renewed the notice, that he would 'stove an inquiry into the
general proceedings of thn r)ank of England-..and, at the
same time, he 'wished to know what the Govern-
ment inten.l:a; to do with the Bank of Ireland.—
( Hear.) The period was near when the charter of that
corporation would expire, and he wished to know what al-
teration the Government intended to propose in its con-
stitution.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
that he had given notice List year, that he intended to move
for a Committee up stairs, one of the first objects of which
would be, to consider the state of Banking in Ireland.
Mr. HUME said he had one more question to ask the
Chancellor of the Exchequer. He had understood that
a Mr. Primrose was appointed to a situation in the Post-
office of Edinburgh, which was generally considered to be a
sinecure. Now he wished to know whether it was cor-
rect that such an appointment had taken place.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was
not at that moment prepared to answer the Honourable
Member's question, but he would make inquiry and give
an answer when tl7e Hon. Member should think fit to re-
new his motion.

[Mr. O'CoNNELL, during the preceding conversation,
entered the House with a large roll of papers under his
arm.)

NEW WRIT FOR ELGIN.
On the motion of Mr. E. J. STANLEY a new writ was
issued for the Elgin boroughs, in room of Sir A, L. Hay,
appointed Governor of Bermuda.
POOR LAWS FQII IRELAND.
Mr. O'CONNELL p-resented petitions from the rntinty
of Cork and from
city of Dublin, complaining of the
present Al;.7,:isterial plan of Poor►laws for Ireland.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL presented a petition from a
place in Staffordshire against any Union under the new
Poor-law.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL, in answer to a question by
Sir G. Sinclair, said that if the House should get through
the Irish Poor-law Bill to-night, he should proceed with
the Parliamentary Electors Bill.

QUARTER SESSIONS.
Sir E. WILMOT said that the Noble Lord had given
notice of a Bill foe improving the administration of justice
at Quarter Sessions. He wished tb know if the Noble
Lord included the administration of the finances also.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL replied that he could not
answer tU question at present.
Sic B. WILMOT wished to ask another question.
Last Session a Bill passed the House, for allowing the
Chairman or Recorder of a borough to reserve to the
Judges any questions of law which might arise at the
Quarter Sessions ; and also a Bill for the more summary
conviction of juvenile offenders, and altering a clause in
the Gaol Act. He (Sir E. Wilmot) wished to know if
the Noble Lord would introduce these objects in his Bill ;
lr if not, whether he could move them as a rider ?
Lord JOHN RUSSELL made some reply which was
quite inaudible.

DUTIES ON LINEN YARNS.
Mr. BAINES begged to ask the Right Hon. the
President of the Board of Trade, whether the attention of
her Majesty's Government had been directed to the in-
creased duties charged in France upon the importation of
linens and linen yarns. The question was one deeply
affecting the interests of the people of England, Scotland,
and Ireland, and he hoped that attention would be directed
to a measure which was calculated to entail serious calamity
upon that ccuntry.
Mr. POULETT THOMSON as soon as he had been
informed of the proposed alteration in the duties on linen
and linen yarns had applied to the Foreign-office, and made
the strongest possible representations against the proposed
alteration. At the same time, the communications made to
him had not led him to hope the decision of the French
Government would be very favourable.
HAND-LOOM WEAVERS.
Mr. FIELDEN begged to ask the Noble Lord (John
Russell) whether the Committee appointed to enquire into
the condition of the hand-loom weavers were likely to sit
soon ? It appeared by the statements in the public Papers
that the hand-loom weavers were suffering very great
distress, and it might be worthy the consideration
of her Majesty's Government, whether a sum of money
ought not to be voted by that House for their relief ?
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said (as we understood, his
Lordship speaking in so inaudible tone) that he was
not aware what progress the Committee had made,
or what steps they had taken with respect to the hand-
loom weavers. As the Honourable Member had asked
him a question, he would perhaps allow him to ask
him one in return. He wished to know whether the
Honourable Member had given any order for the collection
of mobs to interfere with the putting into operation of the
Poor-law Act?

Mr. FIELDEN said that he had no objection to
tlnswer the Noble Lord's question. As a Member of
the Poor Law Committee, he thought it his duty to send
down two persons to inquire into the distress that existed
in Lancashire, and the state of the labouring people there.
He had givtn them written instructions, and he had no
reason to believe that they had done anything inconsistent
with them. I f however they had done so, and the consequence
of the steps they had adopted was that disturbances had
taken place, he should be as willing as any person that
they should meet the reward which the course they had
adopted merited.
WRECK OF THE KILLARNEY STEAMER.

Lord EBRINGTON begged to ask his Right Hon.
Friend, the President of the Board of Trade, whether in
consequence of the late calamitous wreck of a steam-boat
on the coast of Ireland, the attention of her Majesty's
Government had been drawn to the framing of a legis-
lative measure to regulate the eqripmcnt and cargo
of % es3els of that description, carrying passengers
on the same principles that were before applied to the re-
gulation of the passage vessels, so as to secure steam-boat
passengers from the terrible risks to which they were liable
by the present management of such vessels.
Mr. P. THOMSON said that the event to which his
Noble Friend referred had been so recent that no measure
could have been decided upon by the Government in r,r-
ference to that specific occurrence. But it must be a ques-
tion for the consideration of the Government whether there
shou?d not be similar restrictions upon the cargoes and
equipments of steamers as upon those of other vessels car-
rying passengers.
