CHATHAM, Juirx 20.

Colonel Maberly, Surveyor-General of the Ordnance
has personally announced himself a candidate for Chatham
at the approaching dissolution of Parliament, and invited
the electors to meet him at the Sun Tavern, yesterday
evening, to hear his sentiments, where a great many per-
sons attended accordingly—when (having been introduced
by J. G. Bryant, Esq.) the Gallant Colonel observed he
laid claim to their suffrages from being a freeholder of that
important county, from having long resided o■ its borders,
and from being a Member of that Government which had
secured to them the privilege, to which, according to the
principles of the Constitution, they were entitled. After
expatiating on the dangers to which the Bill had been sub-
jected, and the perseverance and integrity of the Ministers
in not consenting to its mutilation, he referred to a hand-
bill of Mr. Perry's, with respect to the propriety of a re-
presentative giving pledges to his constituents, upo❑ which
he remarked, that the electors were justified in inquiring
into the general principles of a candidate, and which
would guide him i❑ drawing his inference from facts and
circumstances as they arose ; but if a Member of Parliament
were not to exercise his free and deliberate opinion, but to be
directed by his constituents in all things, he would not be
(and if he had read the Constitution aright) as he ought to
be, a representati%e, but a mere delegate.—]Some persons
hare called out, " Corn laws."] If (said the gallant Colonel)
the gentleman who mentioned the corn laws had known any
thing of my political conduct he would have known
that I voted for the present corn laws, which are some
modification of the old laws, not because I thought the al-
teration sufficient, but because it was as good an one as I
could then obtain, for I am desirous of obtaining a fixed
low duty on the importation of foreign corn.—(Cheers.)
With respect to tithes he said there was then a Bill on the
table of the House of Commons for a total abolition of
tithes in Ireland, and he did not give any one touch credit
for his insight into human affairs, who did not perceive
that the same thing would be the ease with respect to Eng-
land very shortly; at the same time, he must observe, he
was desirous of seeing the clergy respectably and comfort-
ably provided for. As to slavery, he observed, he was for
the speediest possible abolition of it consistent with the in-
terest of the slave and the safety of the master.
Mr. ELY here observed that the Gallant Colonel had
said a great deal about what he had done, but nothing of
what he was going to do.
The Gallant Colonel resumed—lf any person were
about hiring a servant he would inquire into his previous
conduct for honesty and industry, and according to that
character he would expect him to act for the future.—
(Cheers.) He had been for fourteen years a Member of
Parliament, and had always voted on the side of the people.
Mr. PERRY next came forward, and said, that with
respect to pledges the Gallant Colonel and himself were
" wide as the poles asunder ;" the Gallant Colonel should
tell them how he intended to vote with respect to tithes,
and whether, if the majority of the people were not Pro-
testant, he would vote for the discontinuance of the
Established Church.—(Confusion.) Here au explana-
tion took place between the candidates, when Mr.
Perry observed, he believed the opinions of the Gallant
Colonel and himself, with respect to pledges, were
pretty much the same.—(Laughter.) He however,
thought, that as the Gallant Colonel belonged to the ad-
ministration he had better go somewhere else, and not sa-
crifice the character he had obtained as a reformer by
making Chatham a rotten borough, as, if a member of the
Government represented it, he contended it would become.
After a few more such observations, he concluded by re-
questing the Colonel to go back to Northampton—which
modest request, however, the Colonel declined.
Mr. Collingwood (a third candidate) is expected here
on Friday. Colonel Maberly, it is thought, from his
known character and experience, will receive the most
general support; although it must be confessed that the
ad captandurn arguments of Mr. Perry, untried as he is,
had great effect upon the meeting. It is to be hoped that
those p rsons who dread the preponderance of Govern-
ment influence at Chatham will not enslave themselves to
their fears, but give due credit to the present Govern-
ment for that unexampled liberality to their dependents
which their conduct deserves.

SCOTLAND.
ARGYLESIIIRE.—Mr. Malcolm will, it is said, be the
new candidate; Mr. W. F. Campbell will also come for-
ward, he has throughout supported the Bill.
BERWICKSHIRE.-This county is to he contested by
Mr. Marjoribanks, the brother of Sir J. Marjoribanks.
DUMFRIES BURGHS.-General Sharpe, of Hoddam,
has announced himself a candidate for this district.
DUNDEE.-Mr. Ross's conduct, during the interreg-
num, is said to have displeased his friends very much,
as it was thought he would have supported the Duke of
Wellington's government, had his Grace been able to form
one. His vote on Sir George Murray's motion for ad-
ditional Members to the Scotch counties has increased
this feeling against him.
EDINBURGH —Mr. Aytoun, Advocate, and President
of the Political Union, has announced himself a candidate.
As supporters of the Ministers, the following are talked of:
—the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Advocate, (if he do
do not, as is expected, retire from Parliament), and Sir
James Gibson Craig, Bart. The conservatives talk of
Sir John S. Forbes and Mr. Dundas, the present Mem-
ber, who represents the seventeen individuals of the Cor-
poration. An address, most numerously and respectably
signed, has been published, calling on the Reformers not
to pledge themselves, as " tried friends of civil and re-
ligious liberty will come forward."
EDINBURGH COUNTY.-Sir Geo. Clerk and Sir John
H. Dalrymple will, it is understood, contest the county.
EAST LOTHIAN.—Sir David Baird has declared him-
self a candidate. He is of liberal principles—pledging
himself to support the present Ministers iu their en.
deavours to follow up the Reform measure in the im-
provement of the country.
u
FrresrnE.—Colonel Lindsay and Captain Wemyss are
the only candidates yet talked of as being in the field. The
info rordneerr o a
tep. p o eid the
r.R,bßeirl in a
tl
Ferguson, l its sotiagßess;
it t, hies
spokenlatter is a
of.
GLAsnow.—The persons talked of to represent the
burgh are, Mr. Stanley, Sir D. K. Sandford, Mr. Lurns-
des, Mr. Oswald, of Shieldhall, Mr. Tennant, Mr. David
Bell, Mr. Ewing, Mr. Finlay, Mr. John Douglas, Mr. T.
Atkinson, and Mr. King.—Scostman. Some partisans
of Cobbett's have endeavoured to hold a meeting in his
favour, but it was so thinly attended that the matter has
been abandoned. Mr. Thomas Campbell, the poet, who
is a native of Glasgow, is also talked of.
GREENOCK.— A liberal gentleman, and supporter of
the present Ministers, will come forward ; his named is
not yet announced.—Three other candidates are talked
of—the late Bailie Ferrie, Sir M. Shaw Stewart, and Mr.
Wallace, of Killig.
HADDINGTGN DISTRICT.—Lord Maitland, Anti-Re-
former, and Mr. Stuart, of Alderston, have both an-
nounced their intention of soliciting the suffrages of these
burghs. Mr. Stuart has secured the majority of voters
in Dunbar, North Berwick, and Jedburgh. Mr. Stuart
has always supported Reform, is an advocate for liberal
measures, and pledged to vote with the present Govern-
ment.
INVERNESS DISTRICT.-Col. Baillie, of Lees, has inti-
mated his intention of offering himself as a candidate for
this district. Major Cumming Bruce, it is also under-
stood, will canvass the electors ! he is an Anti-Reformer.
KIRKCUDDRIGHT.-Mr. Spalding, son-in-law of the
Lord Chancellor, is spoken of as likely to be a candidate.
LYITII, PORTOBELLO, AND MUSSIM23URGII.—Mr. J.
A, Murray, the Chairman at the great Edinburgh meet-

logs, has been solicited to come forward by the Reformers
be has consented. A moderate, Mr. W. Aitebeson, jun.,
0f Drumore, is spoken of as a rival candidate.
PERTII.-Mr. L. Oliphant, of Condie-house, has ad-
dressed the electors. He declares himself "au enemy to
all useless places, pensions, and sinecures, hostile to slavery
in every shape or degree, and decidedly averse to the tithe
system, and the present mode of paying the clergy of the
church of England." Three other points he pledges him-
self to—to oppose all monopolies, to fix a reasonable duty
on corn, and to reform the government of the Scotch
burghs ; finally, he says he will be a supporter of " every
liberal measure which has a tendency to promote improve•
inent in the moral, social, and domestic condition of the
people."
PERTHSHIRE.-The Earl of Ormelie comes forward on
the Reform interest. The Conservatives talk of putting
forward Sir George Murray again. He voted against the
new constituency—will they support him ?
