TOWER HAMLETS.

The nomination of Candidates for the representation of the
borough of the Tower Hamlets was appointed for to day at
twelve o'clock. No opposition being offered to the late Mem-
bers, the authorities contented themselves with a few waggons,
in lieu of hustings—we have to thank them, however, for the
accomm )(lotion afforded to the Pre:•s.
No contest being expected, the:o was but little excitement
until the arrival of the Candidates, which took place a few
minutes past twelve o'clock—they were accompanied by bands
of music.

The usual oaths were then administered to the returning
officer, the Act against Bribery was read, and
Mr. lieetemem, the returning offieer, stated the reason for
which the electors- had been nssembled. He said the election
had taken place in consequence of the lamented deeth of
our late King, William the Fourth. He however was suc-
ceeded by a young Queen, who had been educated
by her illustrious mother, in a manner which gave hope of her
reign being one of the most glorious of any written in British
history.—( Cheers.)
GEORGE ()Free, Esq. then came forward to propose Dr.
Lushington. He was sure that theTowerliamlets would do their
duty as they had done before. So well had they done so on
former occasions that he understood that no one was to come
forward that day, and attempt to oppose them—no one
was to come forward and nail his handkerchief to a stick,
and call it the national colours ; but as they were not
to have opposition, he would abstain from calling names. It
was their duty to return men who would clean the Constitution,
as Westminster Hall had been done. Some few years ago it
was hung round with cobwebs—now it was cleaned, and re-
stored to all its beauty. So he wanted to see the Constitution
renovated.—(Cheers.) He, as a Dissenter, and of a
Dissenting family, wished to see the churches filled with
true worshippers; but they (the Dissenters) also wished
to stand upon an equal footing with the Churchmen
because difference of opinion should never strip a man of any
of his political rights. Ile was anxious to be able to send
his boys to the Colleges in England, in place of
sending them to those either of Germany or France—
( Cheers)—where their religion might be tampered with—it
ought to have nothing to do with the education. lie had
great pleasure in nominating a mar, after his own heart, though
he was a Churchman—( Laughter)—he meant that consistent
sereant of the borough Dr. Lushington. It was to the
honour of the borough, that they had had two such men—
men who were respected both in public and private life—to
represent them in Parliament. Ile trusted that the electors
would do their duty to their young and interesting Queen,
by re-electing their old and tried representatives, who would
give her Ministers all the support in their power. With
great pleasure he proposed Stephen Lushington, Esq., as a
fit aid proper person to represent the borough in Parlia-
ment.—( Cheers.)
GEORGE Plerice, Esq., seconded the nomination. Before
he came forward to do so, he had made it his business to find
out what opinions the candidates held upon the subject of the
Poor Lew Bill—they were both decidedly in favour of the
abolition of the plurality of voting clauses.
.liiess SIMPSON, Esq., then came formard to nominate M.
Clay. Mr. Clay's character was before the electors of the largest
borough in the empire, and it was so good as to need no
cola cy from him before one of the most intelligent of con-
stitu meies of the country.-4 Cheers and laughter.) lie
agreed with all that had been said, and he hoped that the una-
nimity which had existed between both parties would long
continue.--( Cheers.) fie had great pleasure in nominating
William Clay, Esq., to serer the borough of the Tower Ham-
lets in the ensuing; Parliament.
W. COATES, Esq., seconded the nomination. A call had
been made upon them by the highest and fairest Lady in the
land, and he trusted they would respond to that call in the
manner which she had given evidence of her wishes. Unlike
htituti of Hanover—( Hisses)—she wanted to stand by the Con-
son( Cheers )—and to meet her people. He saw that
the city of London was about to do ;itself the honour of in-
viting her Majesty to a banquet.-_( Hear, hear.) Did they
think that they would furl a Minister, like he of Welling-
ton, to say that she would be in danger by trusting 'to the
loyalty of the people of London._( The electors
thoadrespernetsetontParliament two honest andau indepee nt gentlemen
and their consistent conduct had led to the
present uncontested election. The Tories as a body he de-
tested, because they represented themselves as they were not.
First, they changed their names ; they were Tories; now they
were Conservativee ; he disliked aliases of all kinds ; then again
they used religion
as a stalking horse for 'political purposes.
(Groans. ) Again they said they were Reformers—those who
opposed the Reform Bill. The enfranchisement of the Me-
tropolitan boroughs were now Reformers—( Laughter)—but
it was only in consequence of the signs of the times, and for
the purposes of deception. II wine said so much upon gene-
ral topics, he would then come to the last duty he had to per-
form, which was to say something of the character and eon-
of Mr. Clay. He bed given him the weight_
tr
such as it • was—of hie support, before he was
ied; and therefore he had watched his conduct throughout his
career in Parliament, and found that it was strictly in accord-
ance with his first professions.—(Cheers ) He hal not much
obtruded on Parliament, bat he had worked as hard as a Com-
mittee-man, where the great business of the nation was done
with great pleasure. Therefore he seconded the nomination
of William Clay, Esq.—s ton, he was sure, to be M. I'.
The RETURNING OFFICER then inquired if any elector had
any other candidate to propose ? No answer being returned,
Dr. LUSITINGTON then stood forward, and was received with
loud cheers. lit stood there again as a candidate for their
favours, in order to his being again tent into the House of
Commons. Ha appeared before them unchanged ir, prin-
cciiiiadnes;:cda:ld
_(HearhetrtTed that les would find them also un-
Am3ngst the first principles he had
Professed when he stood before them as a candidate he stated
his anxious desire that Parliaments should be more frequent,
and since then his votes had always been in favour of triennial
Parliarnente.—( Lou I cheers.) He bad said that it indispen-
sable for the freedom of election that the Ballot should be es-
blished._( Cheers.) Upon that question he had twice spoken
and had always voted for Cheers.) They had been
beaten by numbers, not by argument. It wee satisfactory to

knel thtet the numbers in favour of the measure were
allays increaiing. t'prin those questions he had unhappiiy
been opposed to the Govertimatt. He was mit happy to say
that upon other occasions he had been ettabled to give them his
support. He was attached to the Church, but mast etrongly
in favour of relieving the Dissenters from those berJens, to
the payment of which they were conscientiously opposed.
Though he was a Churchman, he was not the slave of the
Church, nor wedded to any of its abuses.—( Cheers.) lle
would try all in Ns power to reform the Church, in order that
it might be made more in accordance with the word of God,
I and that it might be made more useful towards the spiritual
education of the people. In political feeling he coincided more
ffith the Dissenters than with the Church, for the Dissenting
body for thirty years had nobly seconded his efforts for the abo-
lition of slavery, while the Church, the high Church party,
were lukewarm in the cause. The time was very auQpicious,
but still the Reformers must be on the alert, There was one
question which must be agitated in the new Parliament—
it was a question deeply affecting every man's interest. There
was no man more anxious than he was—there was no one
who felt more the necessity of adhering strictly to the sue
cession of the Crown.—( Cheers.) Upon all ordinary occa-
sions the succession must be strictly adhered to, but there
might be a combination of circumstances which might make it
necessary to alter that succession. There might he circumstances
which would render an alteration in the succession necessary.
In the new Parliament it must become a question whether tile
King of Hanover should be excluded from the succession.—
( Loud cheers.) He said nothing about private character—he
said nothing- about his being a Tory and the supporter of all
abuses—( Hear, hear)—but he spoke of him as having taken
a prominent part in the Orange Lodges, with, as he fully
believed, with the intention of setting aside the present
occupant of the Throne.—(Loud cheers and groans.) His
political principles were the same as they had ever been; and
if the electors of the largest and most influential boroughs
of the kingdom returned him again, they would find him
using all his efforts not only for their benefit, but for
the benefit of the community at large.—( Cries of " Hear.")
Mr. CLAY then came forward, and said that he stood be-
fore them, fur the third time, as a candidate for their suf-
frages. lie was surrounded by the same friends as stood by him
on the first occasion, and therefore he had no fear of asking a
renewal of their favours. After recapitulating the important
events of the last !three Sessions, the Hon. Gentleman said
that his principles were unchanged—he had acted as an inde-
pendent Member; and if again returned, his line of conduct
would be the same. He was decidedly in favour of doing
strict justice to Ireland, and of allowing that coun-
try to participate in all the blessings and benefits
enjoyed by this country. If returned, he would
go into the House of Commons as the representative, not of a
party, but as the representative of 400,000 independent men.
He was not for speculative changes, nor would lie give up one
iota of the British Constitution, but at the same time he was
prepared to reform every abuse, to redress any grievance ;
but at the same time acting through the channels of the
Constitution. He was prepared the give the utmost extension
to sacred principles of civil and religious liberty.—( Cheers. )
We regret we have not space to give the speeches of the
Candidates more at length, but the crowded state of
our columns, where opposition has been offered to the old
Members, prevents us from doing that justice which we should
have been otherwise inclined to do.

The Returning Officer then called for a show of hands,
when Messrs. Lushington and Clay were again declared
Members for the Borough of the Tower Hamlets.
The two Members returned thanks.
Thanks were then given to the Returning Officer, who ac-
knowledged the compliment, when the meeting separated.

ELECTIONS THIS DAY

CITY OF LONDON,
STATE OF THE POLL AT NINE O'CLOCK
Wood
Crawford
Paulson
Grote
Palmer 1,176
TEN O'CLOCK.

Wood
Crawford
Paulson
Grote
Palmer
ELEVEN O'CLOCK.

W00d... 3,682
Crawford 3,481

Pattison 3,452
Grote 3,379
Palmer 3,375
TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Wood
Crawford .
Pattison
Palmer__
Grote __

4,•28
4,276
4,2;33
4.199
4,145
ONE O'CLOCK.

Wood
Crawford
Paulson
Palmer 4,864
Grote
TWO O'CLOCK.

Wood 5,702
Crawford 5,395
Pattison 5,385
Palmer
Grote

Mr. Grote's Committee say that Mr. Palmer is 74
a-head only of Mr. Grote, while Mr. Palmer's Com-
ini:ree say he is 134 a-head.
