last r, a•F:et-day, 34

s. d
Adair's - l7 £
3ell, iiol.siiii & Co. Hartley 19 £'
Cluster
Carr's fiartlcy
Eerz,i's Main
Towel oy
"Eanlield Moor 2l 6
Willingtnu ...‘d i
Wylali
\Valls End Brown's
Walls End Co,fortli .... 29 3
Walls End Hotspur -
\Valls End Killingworth
Walls End ti or hu--. Ueda d 19
Walls End Westgate.., lli 3
Walls End Belmont '0 6
6511.1•WAVN1V2221.•.....,_ . _ _....
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

c (1.
Walls End Haswell
Walls End Hetton
W. E. Braddyll's Hetton
Walls End Lambton
Walls End Pemberton
‘Valls End Stewart's
Walls End Hartlepool '22 0
lValls End Kelloe ..2d 9
i'ennant'sillartlepool ......
Wail:. End Seymour Tees 2O 3
Walls End Tee.i 2l 0
Cowpen l9 0
Ilartley ....
Llangcnncch Coal ......
Newton Main
1 Walls End Do.vonshite l9 6

_HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNIS 25.
SUGAR DUTIES BILL.
Mr. E WART (in continuation of our ccond Edition)
proceeded to observe—Mr. M'Culloeh had made the
same remark, yet notwithstending this great diminution
of consumption, the population was still going on in-
creasing, to the extent of 15 per cent. He now pro-
ceethd to show that the revenue would be materially be-
nefited by a reduction of duty, thus confirming the state.
!mlts made by every theoretical writer on this subject,
and every practical reasoner with whom he had had en op-
portunity of conversing on it. He found that proposition
most ably put forward by Mr. aleCulloch in the first edi-
tion of his " Commercial Dictionary," and he had again
confirmed it in the appendix to that admirable work, lately
published. Now, in common with that gentleman, and
every one who had weitten upon the subject, he maintained
that if they reduced the duty they would increase the con.
sumption, and of course the revenue. Suppose they were to
reduce the duty on foreign sugar from 65a. to 345., take
the consumption at what it was ten years ago, 200,000
tons, tilts the increase in the population at 15 per cent.,
the increased consumption might be reasonably taken at
30;000 tons, which would have yielded to the revenue no
less a sum than one million sterling, lie had taken his
supposed reduction only upon foreign sugar, but he was
strongly in favour of a reduction of duty upon West India
sugar also ; however he was not quite sure that in so short
a time the revenue would come round so as to supply the
deficiency necessarily made at first; no doubt, in time
the revenue would come round from a large reduc-
tion in the duty upon sugar, both foreign and
Colonial; no question the revenue would be extended; but
these were not the lialeyon days of the Exchequer, and he
would not then force upon his Right Hon. Friend the
Chancellor of the Exchr quer a course which necessarily
would involve him in temporary eTibarrassments—would
necessarily add to the =harassments of the Right lion.
Gentleman. But lie thought if the Right lion. Gentleman
would go into the subject with any practical man, he would
find that a reasonable reduction of the duty must be at-
tended with an increase of revenue. Suppose that under
the influence of the present high prices of sugar, the po-
pulation were gradually to disuse it, and substitute some
other article in its place, what then must become of the
revenue during the interval in which they were being
brought again into its use? It would take a lung time,
and the loss to the revenue would be enormous, and would
be most cxtonsivcly felt in the Exchequer. Such being
the state. of the sugar market, it was natural to turn round
and ask whence was the supply to come from to make up
that deficiency. It could not be expected to come front
the Mauritius, which had already attained its maximum—
nor from Bengal—for although lie was happy to say
that in consequence of the reduction of the duty on East
India sugar, the supply from that quarter had increased,
yet it was not sufficient to make up for the deficiency, nor
could it become so on account of the deficiency of capital,
and other impedirnents,which were not likely to be removed.
At the time that the duty on East India sugar was re-
duced, there was a hope that the duties on all foreign
this country and Brazil, that could not be done. The
isgs,
tuwaars ftohe produceund,that of
f free lab
i neonseqiiel% wouldof t be reduced.
hetreatyhet Butwee
n
treaty with Brazil was concluded in 1827, and had been
agreed to last for fifteen years ; therefore it would not ex-
pire before the year 1843. This difficulty then arose,—
how could they allow sugar to be introduced, the produce
of free labour, without at the same time allowing of the
introduction of slave-labour sugar from the Brazils ?
While the present treaty existed, be would admit that that
was impossible ; and the question then arose, whether the
Chancellor of the Exchequer would, during the next four
years,sufrer the sugar-market to .remain in the position in
which
,it now stood, or whether he would take steps t) en-
courage. additional importation. When the four years
should be expired, even if it should be wished to admit
free-labour sugar at a lower rate of duty than
Brazil sugar, yet they would even then, perhaps,
meet Kith insuperable difficulties. The expert of
our manufactures to Brazil amounted at this time to
several millions annually, and it would be scarcely prudent
in any Government to make any change of du ies which
might interfere with sued a vital part of our commerce
MARKET INTELLIGENCE as that with the Brazils. Therefore, he thought that even
(From the London New Price Current of June 26. after the expiration of the four years, if they admitted
)
TEA. —The market has been very quiet for Free Trade admit sugarbour stuhgea r
produceat a
lowerof slave-labourrate of duty,in theythe Brazils,muse
saot
Tea of all sorts this week, and some parties who have the same reduced rate. After having considered the sub-
been compelled to se'l for cash, have submitted to a re- ject most attentively, he saw no means to get over the diffi-
duction on former rates of Id to 2d per lb, and have ac- eulty but by a reduction of the duties on sugar generally,
cepted Is lOd to Is lld for common Congou, and la lld and he should therefore move for such a reduction. He
for ord Twankay; even at these rates the trade bought was aware that it might be objected to this general reduc-
with much caution, the principal holders, however, refused tion that it would give a great ingress to the slave-labour
to sell at any thing like these prices. The speculative sugar of Brazil and Cuba, with free-labour sugar; but lie
market has been quiet, and prices yesterday morning de- must confess that such was the confidence in the power of
dined to Is 10:1 for, cash, and Is 114:1 a is lid for the production of free labour that he was not afraid of
prompts ; since then, however, buyers have come forward free-labour sugar coming into competition with that of
with more freedom, and prices have rallied to is 11 for slave labour sugar in any part of the world. He had
cash, and 2s a2s Old with prompts. The deliveries last last year laid before the House a statement of the quan-
week were large, amounting to 385,500 lbs. For auction tity of free-labour sugar grown in Siam, Manilla, China,
cn the 2d July 6,000 pkgs, and for the 13th 10,200 pkgs and Java, which amounted to 5,600 tons. lie believed it
are declared.
had since greatly increased, and it was now successfully com-
The market was very quiet to-day for Free Trade Tea, Feting with the slave produce of the continent of Europe.
the limited business done was exclusively for cash •; corn- But the sugar from the countries he had mentioned was
mon Congou was, however,
not to he had under not only extended in quantity, but had been greatly im-
Is 100, and Twankay Is I Id. In Company's Congou proved in quality. For his part, be had that confi-
there was little doing ; sellers for cash at Is ltd deuce in the labour of freemen compared with that of slaves
per lb. At public sale 60 chests Souchong, 36 which gave hint an assurance that wherever the markets
chests Twankay, 300 boxes Young Hyson, 100 boxes were open to the producers of both, the free labour would
Caper, 108 chests Twankay Skin, 104
,i_chests Imperial, drive the other out of the market. That was not merely
50 -chests Gunpowder, bankrupt's effects, were sold at his own opinion, but it was one which was daily gaining
public sale, for cash on Saturday week :—lmperial went ground. It had been laid down as a maxim by the society
at 2s 4.. ad a2s 4i-d a2s 7d; Gunpowder 2s 91-d a 2a lld ; established in Cuba, and conversant with slavery in all its
Young Hyson 2s I lad a3s ; Caper 2s Old a2sl d ; Twan- forms, that the labour of one freemen was equivalent to
kay kin Is bad a Is 7,-std ; Souchong Is I lid a 2s ; that of two slaves. That was but a confirmation of the doe-
T..vankay IS I lid a Is II i,
trine of Homer—he would not quote the original Greek—
SUGAR.--.We have again to report a rising market for all (A laugh)---" that the day that made a man a slave took
descriptions of Raw Sugar admissable for home consump- half his work away," He found. also, that Mr, Turnbull,
tion, and with an increasing demand : both Grocers and in his account of his recent visit to Porto Rico, stated that
Refiners have been eager buyers of both brown and yellow the free labour there was quite equal to all that was re-
sorts of British Plantation this week, and each successive quired. Although he should be anxious on the present
day all on show has been bought up with avidity, but the occasion to give a benefit to the rate of duties on free la-
supply having been short has operated against buying ; the boor over slave labour, he did so as a matter of feeling.
paid are
low grey quality
are2s6d to3aabove those of last Friday ; He would certainly do so if he had it in his power; but he
prices
B e r
bi cPe
of
at 735, and nearly fine should say, taking an enlarged view of the subject, that he
yellow Jamaica and Antigua at 78s to 793. did not look to the final success in abolishing slavery to
To-day all offering was readily bought up at a further any other ultimate cause than the extension of commerce,
advance of 2s per cwt, brown sorts selling at 75s a 763, and with it the extension of the enlightenment of the
middling and good yellow 76s 6(.1 a 795, fine 80s a 81s 6:1 world. He did not believe that the slave trade was to be
per cwt, and at the close of the market nothing of brown put down by gun-boats on the western coast of Africa, or
quality was to be had under 75s per can. by the war of duties. Commerce, ho believed, would be
At public sale 100 hhds New Barbadoes sold with spirit the real emancipator and the real abolitionist of slavery.
at an advance on the rates of the last auction of 3s a4s per If by some happy combination a regular trade sprung up
cwt, mid quality went at 79s Gd to 80s 6d, good 813 to upon the coast of Africa, so that instead of exporting the
81s 6i per cwt.
sons of Africa to other countries, they would be beneficially
Rs:Hem—To-day prices are higher for all articles, employed in their own country, that high rate of duty on
and the trade anxious to buy, but few goods are to be bad; foreign sugar would st:fle that trade. If the price of
at the close of the market, standard lumps were 100 s to sugar rose much higher the Right lion. Gentleman would
10,1 s; Hambro Loaves and Mittlers good and fine 103 s to 'be obliged to take slave-grown sugar . for consumption at
troS ; brown Lumps aas to 995, Treacle 40s 6d to 445. the duty of 635. per cwt. It was urged by the advocates
Bastards 69s to 725; Pieces 73.-to 78a.
of the present system that they ought to continue the pre-
, alaveertus.—This afternoon the trade came forward sent high rate of duty until the West Indies had recovered
with increased freedom, and 7,050 bags at public sale all from their present embarrassed position. Ho should like
sold at a further advance of 2s, making the rise for the to know how long Hon. Gentlemen would be obliged to
week 4s per cwt, good and fine yellow went at 78s a 795, wait for such an event. It was inconsistent with justice
low to good middling 753 6d a 77s Gd, good to fine brown to propose such an arrangement, after havingt_ paid
.the
733 a 753, middling 71s a 725, very ord black 63s a 67s planters twenty millions, and after paying
hishem an trn-
per cwt, mouse sum in the shape of drawback.
fih
to r
properoof f
competition.
oeownmm .pi part lie
ertai
ttiloounns:
ff r West Indian interests. He wouldgive, first, d •
has been an increased demand, and all the parcels offer- on,, a reduction
ing EAST iNDIA . —For Bengal for borne consumption there was willing to afford every means for the extension of the
eh; of duty; secondly, he would afford every
n w
to
the
ing for sale by private treaty have
and,Monopoly yiv,as the bane of commerce, and if he were called
up at advanced prices. At publicagsaahlie
found eager buyers, 2s a2s fed above former rates,g taking care that it was conducted under r hg •• '
b e3e 16 lob: s mea ntsh ofidl increasingho
w oul
d a cultivationfford
the siy facilitiesben e
p operaut °reties ;
ay commercial monopoly acted
6fi
dn,e
gewebdit
me
idfdeltienhged76379tan t7063860ti5:
hewcommunity he would state it was
in those extraordinary fluctuations of price which were al-
wi
grey and yellow, 74s 6d to 755; washed and damp
67526 s
ways the offspring of monopoly. Ster,diness of price was
to 78s 6d ; low and m:ddling damp brown, 60s toq _lle'
very low washed, 59s to 59s tid per cwt. Manilla,_
_Java,
l e w good
745767ds
tt
no
7fiesdBtsc::
mostupe detrimentallyto sho
yellow, at 233 6d to 24s ; middling, 22s 6d per cwt.
_J ,
94sa 6d the soul of good grey at 25s to 25s 6d, and damaged 24s to commerce. Fluctuation was the greatest
per cat. Siam at 23s 6d. to 25s 6d. enemy of commerce, and always accompanied monopoly.
This afternoon 204 bags Bengal at auction sold readily It had accompanied the West Indian as it had
78s 6d pantedall accorn.
at prices Is higher : low and middling white fetched other monopolies. He wished Hon. Members
to 803, and yellow 77s to 78s per cwt. would look at a mercantile' chart recently published by
FOREIGN---ThiS afternoon 2,617 baskets Java at auction Mr. Walker. One of his charts adorned the wall of a
all sold, but at rather lower rate's, low brown realized 20s Committee-room of the House of Commons. That gen-
to 21s, middling grey 23s 6d to. 24s 6d per cwt. tletnen said that in all those articles which possessed a mo-
Rest BRANDY AND HoLLANDs:.--There has been a good nopoly of fluctuation, price was constant, but of those ar-
demand for Leeward Island Roger this weak, and prices tidies in which the trade was open steady prices had pre.
have improved id to Id per gallon ; 280 puns have been trailed. This was true of the sugar interest as of every other.
disposed of, proofs at 33 7ad a 3e.
.Bd, 3 per cent over 3s Uut monopolies like this were most detrimental not only to
Sid a3s 91, .5 to 18 over 35 /Od a 43 6d, 20 to 30 over commerce but society itself. In the commencement of
4s ad a 55 2d, 32 to 40 over fine- squalitY 53 6d a 53 91. what he advanced to the House, he had shown how the
Jamaica has been in fair request, and prices are rather present high prices of sugar operated on the poor—and if
higher, the sales are 160 puns, 30 to 36 per cent ever ther were a time when they were called on to re-
over at 6s and 6s 4d, stronger os 5d and 6s 61, duce the duty on such articles as sugar, coffee, and cocoa,
arid favourite marks 6s 7d a6s 8d; of the latter kind the it was the present, when society was changing from in-
supplY is very small. The arrivals in Ave been light since temperance to temperance. (Those who had read the
this d continues in a dull admirable speeches of that distinguished financier, Mr.
aY week.—The Brandy market
state, and: for Cognac, first Huskisson, would recollect that he stated in 1829, that
prices are again rather lower .
1 brands of the vintage of 1836, 5s 2d a ss. 4d has been ac- of the poor consumers of coffee in this country, only two-
cetped in puns and lihds-1837, 5s a 5,5 20.1-4838, 4s 10d ' thirds could afford to use sugar with it. Such was the
a lower 55-18, 4s 6d a4s ea. Geneva for export is rather result of the high price of sugar in his time, but if he hod
; sal39es have been made at Is Dia als 1 id.,....The happily lived to this day, he would have bad reason to think
demand for British Corn Spirits has been i`iarsited at 19s Id, 'the present state of things unfortunately worse—in the first
me.—There has been an improved demand for all ph-ace from the rise in the price of sugar ; and in the second
clean descriptions of British Plantation, fi ' r home con- pint'. because now poor consumers consumed articles which
sumption this week ; the merchants having displayed more required more sugar than they did in the time of Mr. Hus-
firmness, and the rates previously establie
,oed have been kisson. This was a fortunate change in society and in
supported; unclean sorts arc still howev'
.3. neglected, but commerce. He would take that opportunity of stating a
prices have suffered no further depressio ,1 of moment, they fact that must i,,,,-., interesting to every friend of civiliza-
are however rather lower than 'on this dweed," ‘ tion, namely, that rho amber of coffee-lames frequente4
‘,

Mr. CHOLMONDELE Y rose to object to the clause
providing that the expenses incurred by the opposerof
the Bill should be paid by the promoters of it. If such
a principle was to be established, he would ask whether
the present was the case in which it was to be begun. It
was for the House to consider whether it would entertain
so extraordinary a proposition that in any case the expense
of the opposers of the Bill should be paid by the pro-
moters of it.--(llear, hear.) If the House agreed
to this clause, which he could not conceive, they would do
they would deliberately affirm a principle that had hitherto
never been recognised, and to establish a precedent that
had been hitherto utterly unthought of. He begged to
move, that the House disagree with the amendment.
Mr. J. JE RVIS said, that as the amendment
of which his Hon. Friend complained had been intro-
duced by himself. Probably the House would accord to
him its indulgence while he made a few observatioes. In
the first place he thought he had some reason to complain
of the course which the Hon. Gent. had adopted. I was not
usual he believed to make such motion on bringing up the
Report. In private business, the course was to bring up
clauses or to move amendments on the third reading of
the Bill, and it was the ordinary course in the House and
out of the House, when—one Honourable Member in-
tended to move an amendment, to give notice of it
No notice had been given of the motion that had just been
made. That was a very good reason 'for his pressing on
the lion. Member to nejourn the discussion to another
evening. He thought. having regard to the public bus'.
ness before the House that night, it was impossible a full
liscussion of the Bill could take place within reasonable time.
(LEFT SPEAKING.)
