BA ND O.

ff The Supreme Imita of Government, desirous
beyond Measure that the public should partake of
the goy which they fed, inforMs it,
' That the City of
'Valencia, and-the Kingdom,
ii.
fire with the generous itn,;ulse`t)t their loyalty, have
proclaimed and sworn allegianae to their King Dun
FERDINAND VII. without any trouble or disorder
whatever ensuing.
" 2. That in consequence thereof they named a
Government to superintend the Kingdom as long as
the urgency of their circuntances should continue.
" 3 That they published a Declaration to that
purpose, including other matters, which shall . be
earninun4Cated ill due time.

4. That they recognize a sovereignty, and will
.neither'receive nor obey any orders but those of FER-
JANAND VII. and in the interim the Government he
names, or that which represents him.
" 5. That the paper stamped in the name of the
Lieutenant-General Of the Kingdom -shall not be
used.
" 6. That hls Excellency the Count be CER' VEL-
ioN iS named General of the Troops.
" 7. That the aforesaid Government 511013k1 en-
liirce'n general enlistment of inhabitants, from the
age of 16 n? 40. '
" 8. That they have stOPpeil a n'umbei of chests
of money, which were de.stined for Madrid.
" And 'tof the information, and :or an example
which we hope mill be followed by all'Spain, the
present paper is ordered to be published.

" Royal Palace of The Aleazar, May .3 t,
" DUN JUAN 134UTISTL PARDO, Sec. T!'.
" DON AV/AN UEL AGUILAR, See. 3°."

CORDOVA-TO ITS INHABITANTS.

SoumEtts—',The Kingdoms of Andalusia see
themselves attacked by the assassins of the North ;
yOur Country is on the point of being oppressW by
the yoke'of a tyrant ; you yourselves wiU be dragged
from your fire-sides and troth your homes. The
wanton MURiT is fabricating 40,000 manacles to
condo & you, like, the most contemptible animals, to
the North. What atrocity Who is such a coward,
such an infidel, that his breast does not burn with
courage at the crie.i. of his Country lamenting over
its destrut9 ion ?

Soldiers! DA you, 'too, groan over it ; but let
your groans be the groans of rage and tury at the
wretch who p'eunges her in slavery and, oppreSsion.
Would you rather die detendino-° the ,obberies and
impieties of a perfidious Traitor, than shedding your
blood in d,:fence of yonr Church, your Nation, and
yourselvrA

" Sc,ldiers ! ye that have been the first in raising
the standard of. the nation, carry into your cainps
religion, and the manners of your forefa-
thtrs. With such qualities they overcame innu.
•t.tterdble armies. If among the Chiefs who lead you
to glory and honour; you should perceive itny trea-
chery, abandon them, and choose others more
worthy of your cause:
" 'Soldiers I, Twelve million of inhabitants. are ob-
terving you, and. env) ing your glory ; nay, even
France herself pants for your triumphs and success."

Last week, as a Man was mowing grass near New-
lands, in Westmoreland, he observed a woodcock
attempting to get up before him, .which he caught.
It had been wounded in the wing, and a part of its
feathers appeared tO'have been shot away. The bird,
was in fi-te Condition; and nearly able to fly. It
was afterwards set at liberty, marked with a brasS
wire round one leg:
Yesterday evening, abort seven o'clock, a Gen-
tleman undertook, for a trifling wager, to overleap
the railing of St. James's nearly opposite the
Guard-house, Buckingham Gate. The Gentleman
took a short run, but unfortunately not clearing the
railing, one of his legs was completely broken, and
he was besides much hurt. He wag immediately
carried, in a state of insensibility, to Westminster
Another 'Fatal Accident• from 'Over-exertion.—A
young c4entleman, aged about 18, of,the name of
ALLINGSTON, from Hareband, ENsex, died suddenly
while Avalkino- on his way home tror- a friend's
house- in the Newington Road, on Thursday morn-
ing. He bad spent the preceding even.ing in com-
pany : afttr supper, dancing had been introduced,
in which Mr. A. exerted hitnselt for upwards of two
• hours, apparently in high health and spirits. He,
however, had not gone a quarter of a mile from the
house, when, in the aa of sporting about, and
jumping over .somP railing, he dropped clown, and
expired in a short time, from the rupture of a blood-
vessel. ,

The proposed boxing matches between Jem Bel-
cher and Crib, and the elder Belcher ;Ind Croptey,
are off, the stakes not having been made good at
the appointed time.

On Thursday a stage-coach driver, named Henry
Rist, was convicted before T. EVANCE, Esq. at
Union Hall, in the penalty of 61. fin- carrying more
passengers on the outside of a certain stage-coach
(travelling between Greenwich and London), be-
longing to WM. JEFFRIES, than is allowed by Ali
of Parliament, and he 'closing to pay the said fine,
was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in the
House of Correction, in Horsemonger-lane.
ONLY EIGHT DAYS TO DRAW.—Six Twenty
Thousands, besides Tens, Fives, Twos, Ones,' and
Five Hundreds ! A. Ticket at 221. 6s. or
Tickets to any amount, may be had at HORNSBY
and Co.'s. and should the Purchaser chuse to return
the same, after the Next Day's Drawing (if Un-
drawn), may receive e3l. 6s. ; after the Fourth
Day V4l. es.; after the Filth Day £5l. 65.; a profit
of 31. in each Ticket to the Adventurer. A chance•
so valuable has not been presented to the Public for
many years. Tickets and Shares are selling, war-,
ranted Undrawn, at HoaNszir and Co.'s. 213, Corn-
bill, 52, Charing Cross, and st. Margaret's Lull,
Aicirouch.
