THE GitEEKS.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)
On Monday last, the Greek brig of . war
Cimoni, Capt. MiaULlS(son of the celebrated Greek Adiniral),,.
arrived here from Hydra, whence she sailed on the 6th 4iigustp
with secret dispatches of great importance from the. Greek p3k•-••
vernment, addressed, it is understood, to the Greek Committeo,
and Mr. Secretary CANNING, with which Captain Mratai.te-
landed, when the vessel was cleared from quarantine, and Pips
ceeded to London. It is conjectured that the dispatches relikte:
to an invitation to our Government to form a closer alliarric
with the Greeks. The Cinwni is to proceed to the river, to
await an answer to the dispatches. We are indebted to a Gen-
tleman (the only passenger by her), who had been some time
travelling in Italy and Greece, for the folloWing interesting
sketch of the present state of the Greek cause
The Greeks are, unfortunately, not sufficiently united to
ensure the success .that would otherwise undoubtedly attend
them ; for all the operations of the Turks are carried on. with
such want of enterprise \and activity, that without having wit, •
nessed, it is hardly possible to conceive. By land, neither
power has any disciplined troops, at least the Sultan has not.
Now the Paella of Egypt (31ahomet Ali) has attempted the
conquest of the Mores; ije has collected a body of Fre:itch
and other foreign officers, who have" raised about 10,000 regu,
lar troops of flrabs, and who have landed this last spring for
the first time since the commencement.of the revolution in the
Mores. The former expeditions of the Turks, though much
more numerous l'y composed, the Greeks repulsed with eons-,
plete success; and where neither the Sultan's troops, nor the
Greeks themselves had disciplined troops; their activity, min,
ning, and aptitude for deSultory warfare, gave Clem a decided -
advantage. But their irregular troops, armed with thefriong
guns, swords, and pistols (but no bayonets, a weapon- act
much superior to any other), cannot-resist the determined at,
tacks of regular troops, and have no chance against cavalry,
which the Turkish armies are never without, and the Greeks
have none to oppose -them. Ibrahim Pacha, MahometAli'a
son, who commands the Egyptians and Arabs, has met with
great success; he invested Navarin, rather a strong fortress,
and commanding the best port in the Mores, in the month
of March, and after some hard fighting, the Greek garrison
capitulated in the month of May. fie has since entered'the ih-
tenor of the Morea, and had not, when I left Greece, met
with much resistance : but the winter coming' on, which in
this mountainous part of Greece is very severe for his troops,
who are accustomed to so hot a climate, it is very probable he
will -suffer most severely, particularly as his army is badly
supplied with provisions, and the country is so mountainous
and intersected, that his communications with the fortresses of
Navarin, Itlodon, and Coron, which the Turks still possess in
the Mores, will be easily cut off, and it is not likely he will be
able to establish himself in the interior of the country. In the
Greeks' posseSsion in Roumelia, the Sultan's troops have made
a formidable expedition. Achmet Pacha, at the head of
30,000 men, has invested Missolonghi, situated on the western
flank of their Roumeliot provinces (where Lord Byron died),
but the Greeks have hitherto defended themselves very suc-
cessfully, and the troops that were in the neighbouring rnoun.•
tains harass tile Turkish camp, and have obliged them to
make diversions to oppose them. On the eastern side Of
Rou-
melia, General Goura is opposed to the Paella of Negroponte
and the Shekai Bey of Roumelia, Malvasie, and though they
have ravaged great part of the country, the Turks will not be
able to make any impression on Athens, or enter the Morea to
co-operate with the Egyptians. The Sultan's armies'are en-
tirely unfit to attempt the siege of any fortified place; they
have hardly any artillery, and what they have is so badly
served that it is more an incumbrance than of any service to
them. Missolonghi is now tolerably fortified ; the defence
made there, chiefly by the Sutiotes, under the Suliote Captain
Marco Bulzari, before the present fortifications existed, was
most gallant, when they were only protected by a ditch of about
20 feet, and a slight parapet of new made earth, thrown up in
the face of an overpowering force. But the dissentious be-
tween the powerful native chiefs, all anxious to take the lead;
and attending to their own aggrandizement rather than to
common good, has been a continued obstacle to the advance-
ment of their afiiiirs.

" By sea the Greeks have been uniformly' successful, and the
brave Admiral Miatilie is worthy of the best days of ancient
Greece. In the month of August, Missolonghi was blockaded
by 40 sail of Turkish vessels, including six frigates. Admiral
Zdiaulis arrived with 22 Gpck vessels, =lading only two ships,
the rest brigs, and accompanied by six fire-ships, and made
good his entrance, drove the Turks away, burning one and
sinking another vessel, relieved and provisioned the town.:of
Missolonglii, which was before in great distress,.and it will,how
certainly hold out till. the winter and bad weather coming 011
drive away the Turks and break up their camp.
" The Greeks have had a great loss in Odysseus, a powetful
military Chief of Eastern Greece, who having disagreed with
the existing Government, revenged his quarrel by joining 'the'
Turks for some time, then, returning to the Greeks, he Was
imprisoned; and met a violent death, it is supposed. through his
enemies at Athens, The Turks held him in' great dread,: and
never attempted to make advances 'on the pro Vince • he' coin.-
mantled. The Greek Government has' unfortunately giierf
little' encouragement to and shown great jealousy of foreigners,
though that is by no. means the general feeling with the_people,
who are anxious for foreign assistance. Lord ItyrOn's-death
was much regretted, and they are very partial to the Engiiiti.
There is a great probability that the Egyptian Paelii,
Mahomet Ali, will soon rebel against the Sulthn, aritVhe
has become so powerful,ithat he is a hill match for the Sublime
Porte, and their dissensions will be of infinite service tO'.#lis.
Greeks.

" The islands of Spezzia, Hydra, And Isparn furnish the
Greek navy, but they have no frigates, but three ships; and
the whole number of brigs amounts to no more then forty.
They are very skilful- in the management of fire-ships; by
which they have'bitrnt several of the Turkish frigates; and two
.ships of the line, and the Turks hold their in such dread that
they seldom long resist an- attack, and get away as fast as they
can. The Turks are no sailors, as before the revolution their
vessels were entirely worked by Greeks.
" By land all the fighting is in the mountains, and carried
.on in a desultory 'manner—complete bush fighting. , ,There is
no discipline-among them, and no officer under the captains or
military chiefs, who' are more or less poirerful, some having
1,000 men, others less, while petty captains of :30' or 40 fol.
lowers, gather round the military chiefs, in proportion to. their
. power, and they form n complete clan, like our Highlander'i in
former times. Their dress, when good, is very Martial and
becoming ; they have no uniform—their arms are frequently
handsomely worked in silver and gilt.
" The general 'feature of the country is rocky barren'moun-
tains, but interspersed with some woods, vineyards; and nu-
snerous fertile valleys, forming some very fine and • r6rArintie
scenery. The towns have been almost all destroyed. H`,l',he
streets are narrow and badly paved, ' and wocden balconies,
more like sheds; with roofs projecting over them; gi.ie the
towns ti -dull- appeatance. The inhabitanti are fond of fete-
daysand-feasting, and to see them in the coffee-hcoies, or, in
groups under the trees, 'merry-making, you would sup-130'e the
country in a state of perfect security and quietness. .
" The seat of the Gaternment itt atytesent at Napoli, and
composed of an eiecntive and legislative body, chosen annually
by the people. The English, loan; excepting for the. operations
'of die fleet, and Which orcourse is of greauniportanCe lins nOt
much advanced the G,
Greek cause; and lies.given rise- great
peculation; and 'rather fomented iheir'iltsseniionS. But every
'exertion is to be made fo: the Greeks, sufferig.g so long.fron'i a
state of abject slavery. The islanders, 'W?; ow. re treated' by die
Turks with great privileges, and enjoyed great free.clOrn, have
been the most active in supporting their ihdependehce by Land.
The The inhabitantscif the Rourneliot laroiqz;ccs, who were .also
very feee,' have behived very gallantly, 'sbile these of the 31n-.
rea, who were the most oppressed, and Atli greatest tiakrets
'from the Turkish yoke, have riot made 41.1eic I,,eeittOor)3 kir
'their 'which s,tiewthat a loni,briliit ,)f !,I,ive:..• and
subjection'sodebzses the human rninil,'( e;ci apprc.
crate (ne•blc:,,sings of liberty."

•
At ..the Brighton
.Policebtiffi&; five per.stnrs,
nairVd 'Shriven; Wills, "l'aurshalt" flarrnin, and Jeffrety,
*ere bronght tsp Ott n complaira preferr'ed akaThst them bp. the
churchwatdens of that 'parish ter annoyini.,perioni4 pasAtg
'thratlgh' the church-yard. The mode of annoynnce .which
;these Wofthies (who proics to be ernployed In watching 'Ole
ground tewlyinterrtd bodies) adopted, .hnd which formed
,the gro'und,of coniothrit it the prt'sent instance, was tats
'extentlink a'rope across the fo'otp.4th,, by which *everal per_
ions' were thrown doWn and se vtrety Tatter Shall 4nd
Hart ian were ordered to gibe met. ty-fbur hours' ,tiotice ortfrikji,
and the others were bannd in reconizances to keel') .the Ore:,
atrdiscliarged.
