THE DINNER.

At five o'clock about two hundred gentlemen, com-
prising' the most reepectable and is fluential freamen fif the
~,,eared Clotted Ports, sat down to an excellent dinner at
the George Inn, Colonei Evens took the chair, „woad
great acclamation. Mr, l'ralter (one of the candidate* for
ilytha) rat at the top of one of the tablew. After the
dotit was removed,
The CHAIRMAN eahle-Xentlemen, I rise to propose to
you a tout, which, if I do not much mietake, will he re-
ceived by you, with if possible a more than usual feeling of
devotion and loyalty. It tray be more customary to give
it without comment or preface, but on the present occasion
leliall perhaps be pardoned one observation. Marty years
ago the eventful commotione of Europe began, Let us
hope that the late transcending and ever uromorahle oc-
currence which has shed such glory on what may wall Ire
termed the continental capital, is the happy termination
of their commotione, Yet we cannot disguise from our-
helves that in so vast nod sudden a change, there is much
to create anxious solicitude. Certain I think it la that the
present ie a period without parallel in history. It is not
a eolony which throws off the yoke of its parent—neither I
is it the etitablisliturnt of some little republic or confe-
deracy, such ae that of the Swiss—whose Insignificancy
protects it from the ire of ignorant despots. The people
who have tine fought for principle are well able to
defend their victory, For my own part I entertain the
most eanguine hope—l should say the meat firm enticipa-
tion—of the hone of these affairs. That this 144411, how-
*ever mainly Licpende on the amity and ateortiewee of the
two most powertkel end influential nations of the
world, England Ina France, there can he little doubt
end that this moat desio4 and most prudential amity and
acstordance, its no inconsiderable degree, depends again _
on the dispesitiona of the reepeatire Menarche of their
great wangles, is 'equally obviotte., Is it /jot then a euin-
r°iclence worthy of eongregdation that at 04 eti-
ilea), though auspicious s period, frineee should reign ip
these contiguoite empires, who art 'stridently resolved' to
derive their power ifffiri no other seem* then that of the
love, affections, And oaken; of their people. ctentlemen,
I give you " The King.`...-Thie wee drunk with trer
pendous applause.
The Queen's health was received With equal lionorirs—.
" And may she long reign, a pattern of the domestic yir.
wee, and the pride And ornament of her exalted etation."
Tice next toot was the " health of Colonel Vitzelarenee,"
with three tinge three. The gallant Colonel bad had some
correspondence, it appeared, with the town, marked by a
degree of kindness which gave great satisfaction,
The CHAIRMAN', in giving " The 'Noy and Army,.'
adverted particularly to the distinguished connection of Iris
with the former service, and to his welleknown
&mire of extending a fostering end protecting hand to the
maritime parte of the kingdom. Mention also was made
hy hint of that debt of obligation owed by the town to the
preeent heeds of the Admiralty, Lord a_tul Sir
°gorge Cockburn, for their impat dal assistance iat
some Bill tor the relief of tlkc
The CostatiAla, in giving f` The health of the Lord i
Wm den," reminded the company of the4opiont glory,and
ienown of the Cinque Ports. It is true, he 414, they de
not now, as in day* of yore, furnish the whole native).
navy but never, he tamtended, were the hardy sons of the
Pori* or u more independent and deicing spirit, more en-
terpriaing and deuatlese, *awe capable of von4icating their
awn right*, or of perforating- fowl service es galtaiat kurt.
tillers, should those serekes hred reo by their.'oountry.
.He.lantetittel the Whin sod hnonn,:ating (vOlOOl 140 they
t tort tt steopat 144.--4 Jolla 11 110 I
.04 comp et,
noisesdin*.
wieokit
w.-71assuri.4-4 them that he xruniirr
tint/gawp', *wok' :17 "'elf causiiserthat
scow.
y .44otattototy totioco 14'44 t(,)
liia elferte: their being. lie ti 4114411 0 114'.17
444 144 refill* ilid..trir bfolif to
ti eke eccosery of •• right.s, and espeenthy tho High
Boa, iiaranet at tlitt)ottati of the flume peloartrottat, too;
sal kill ha4az &AY') stir vf bio putiolgtrivAvwco

Mertes, to support as a candidate their obnoxious clerical
patron. The gallant Chairman discredited these reports:
and even if they had any foundatiah, he reminded them
that they had in their Lord Warden an official and consti-
tuted protector, by virtue of his wardenship, capable of
shielding them froth a world of opponents. lie then
called to their rap% (Alen the'long line of warriors and
statesmen whose names emblazoned and damn in the list
of these wardens throughout scarcely less than a thousand
years,—and yet that not one of these champions of the
nation's glory, though amongst them were some of the
most famous of our Kinge,--not one of them, proud as
the recollection may he, would hear any parity with the
heroic character by whoth they were now honoured as
their chief.—(The Lord Warden's health was then drunk
with great cheering.)
Mr. Hot.towav said as he had permission to propose
the next toast, perhaps it would be proper for him to enter
into a.brief etatementof the purposes for which they met
that day. It was to vindicate that just cause in which
they were all interested, and assert the invaluable right of
elective fraochise. They had long been and still were de-
prived of their right of returning Representatives to Par-
liament, the present time and place therefore were very
apOropriate fur discussing their present wrongs. The town
of Rye and the five ancient Ports had long been struggling
for emancipation, and the men of Rye would still go on in
conjunction with the others until- they obtained what was
their just due.—(Cheers.)—He had hoped to see more of
the candidates, or perhaps he ought to have said repres
eentetives, present on that occasion ; bht, however, he saw
the spirit which actuated the freemen in the number of
delegates from each. Port with which they were sure
rounded.—(Cheerv.)—The time at which they met was
very appropriate, as Parliament would soon be called on
to decide whether or not the Barons of the ancient Port of
Rye were any longer to continue under the tyranny ex-
ercised over them, or whether or not they were not soon
to snap the chains asunder which had so long bound them
in degradation. Many great revolutions had taken place
at different epochs of time, but he was of opinion there
were two distinct species of revolution, one was of a physical
the other of a mental kind. History informed us that the
Romans without .any assignable cause pulled down one
Emperor one day and set up another on the following;
this he called a physical' revolution. But Luther, in the
16th century, produced -a mental reVoltition, which would
not cease until it had gone through the world.—(Cheers.)
Hewes aware that revolution was commenced in what
was called the dark ages, but such a change had been ef.
fected by Luther and his followers, in the minds of men,
that it would be impossible to resist its progress. Mr.
Holloway then referred to the effects of the revolutions of
1640 and 1789, and continued, that he did not stand there
the apologist of crime or revolutions; but it could not be
denied that no event had ever transpired that so widened
the Mimi of man, and gave him such a thirst for liberty,
as the first revolution to which he alluded. The last re-
volution had caused wars of 25 years' duration in all parts
of the world, and the despots of Europe had thought by
their holy alliance that they had crushed the sacred flame
of liberty, but they had only scotched it not killed it.—
(Cheers.)—Really it looked impossible that the Ministers
of any country could imagine any thing so vain—any thing
so utterly hopeless, as the idea of depriving the people of
liberty; and in what lie then said he felt confident that he
was only re-echoing the sentiments of the men of Rye.—
(Crest cheering.)—He knew they had been called radi-
cals. lie knew they had been charged with wishing to
subvert all that was good and great, but their hearts told
them how false was such an accusation. Their object was
to reinstate the Constitution, and bring it back to its
former healthy state,--(Cheers. )--fie would now, as shortly
as possible, detail to them the kind of reform they wished
for ; it was not from any desire to introduce new (angled
doctrines, but merely to restore the ancient and invaluable
privileges of the people. In the first place, then, he wished
to see the repeal of the Septenial Act, and the renewal of
0;6. Triennial. The grounds on which the charge had
been made, and the fears by which it had been dictated,
had all pared away. MI boroughs and towns had once
a charter granted, he should wish to see every one pay.
ing scot end lot immediately acknowledged, and at once
take up . their right to vote for representatives in Parlia-
ment, but this right should be confined to those who live
in the borough, anti not extended to those who resided
otit 'a it, for, said Mr. Holloway, that has produced the,
greatest ,of all possible curses.--(Great cheery.)--He
would instance Dover, which contained 2,000 voters, 800
of whom were resident, and 1,200 nun-resident, so that
the Representative would not be chosen by the inhabitants
of the place whose interest he was to protect, but by those
who had most probably come to a resoltition in some pot.
Louse in London, where they met to espouse the cause of
some candidate or another,—(Hear, hear.)—Again, there
was Sandwich, in that place there were 800 resident
voters and 400 non-resident. These non-resident voters
Were brought down at an enormous expo*, and Members
incurring such enormous expenses roust truckle, in sortie
way or other, to reimburse themselves. In such cases,
'therefore it was buying a candidate at the expense of their.
liberties. The next plan he'avtauld propose should be that
all decayed borough* should he disfranchised and the elective
franchise given to large towns not then represented.' What
could be so absurd as ()Id Sarum, a mere sheep.walk ; Guinan
containing one house and one malting---(A
New Town, in the Isle of Wight, equally respectuble ;
what, he would ask, could he so absurd, as that these
places should rend Representatives to Parliament ? Was
it not not an insult to the common sense of I?aiglislimen,
to be- told that these towns ought to be represented, when
there wad thirty-two towns in the kingdom, each con-
taining more than ten thousand inhabitants, that hail not
a Representative between them !--(Bear, hear.) An-
other propoeition that lie would suggest should be, that
all rate-payers in counties—that all persons, either land-
lords or tenants, Whether copyholderr,leaseholdere, or free-
holders—that all paying church-rates, or who were taxed
in any way for the support of the State, should his enti-
tled to a vote. When he proposed this, he begged it to he
understood that he was far from being the advocate of
universal suffrage. lie would not include the soldier the
pauper, or saute'others than he might name. But sup.
Instance,
that such a proposition was now in force, what, for
Instance, would he the effect in the to wn of Rye ?
Would it not be a stimulus to many who now are receiv-
, ing parish relief—would it not encourage them to strive
against their pauperism, knowing that, by so doing, they
would have u voice in sending Representatives to Parlia-
ment. His nest pion was, that the poll fur counties
should be taken at the Oeincipul towns in each rape.
wapentake, or Innuired, for all the voters of each respec-
tive rape, fee. &c. In advancing this, he knew he was
liable to be charged With borrowing the idea from a
speea'reeently delivered by Mr. Brougham, in Yorkshire,
where, he had recommended the sane plan ; out he
Helloway) could assure them it was no borrowed
idea for, some years_ since, he had written a letter to a
Member of Parliament, tecornmending such a plan to hie
notice ; an answer was returned, stating that the letter
bad been received and its subject would be considered,
end, as usual in such cotes, there the matter rested.—
To prove, however, the advantage of his proposition
—for one fact was worth a thousand theories-..-teke
for instance their own county, which captained six rapes,
not one of which extended over a distance of 16 miles.—
How easy would it hi then to collect the votes; whilst
holding the election at Chichester many had to go a
distance of from 00 to 00 mike, which, in fact, acted as
to hilf the county. Another proposition
was, that Po person be allowed to vote fur a County Meat.
her unless lie was Feeident within
,the county—which
would do away with the eepenre in bringing them to the
pent,. That no *rime having a petition or sinecure be
eligible to sit in Parliament, unless be he a Minister of
the Crowe), and then to sit only by virtue of I+i* office,
and then net allowed to vote. such was the
ease Aratiliecte
.
'Col. Eyaes--I think, they are by virtue of their Ohm
Mrs 11614,0wev continued... Hie idea was that they
were not, he had then eepressed the pricipics lie entertained
of reform, end he believed the tossers print tplus were enter.
Coined by all the men of Rye,—( Hear, heer,),—He had
explained his views of reform, because he knew those
viewe wound go forth to the public, and he wished to
show to the world that the mot of Rye were not radicele.
—(Cheere.).—Ttley 414 not wish to eubvert the Constitu-
tion, hut they did wish to restore their encient
rights and principles. Nothing tumid be so unequal
es the present loath of the repeesentation in the
five apereseed Ports, there were fifteen hundred rate payers
awl only seventie resident voters. Scotland was still worse,
it only returned 44 Member; fa a population of three
pillions, while Cornwall returned 'let Meualeirs for a popu-
-144 of three hundred thousand people, or ahout ten to
one inure 1111.11 Scotland. Other flagrant instances were
Bath and letlioleiroi,i, the former contained a pepulatiora
its thirty-four thousand iphebit,ants, hut 26 only
were *hewed to vote; the letter contained o hundred
theetaand/rdishitants, and there were less thau 40 voterte.
—(thar.)—Suth was the present state of the represen-
tation, end be hid waver heard sleet any one who opposed
a ithante had had tie temerity to say ti,at 1.);e system sy4,l
Orla. IT4ll'. Canning,. who etyma opposed reform,
merely eaiel that the thing worked well, anti no doubt
did fur 111,111-e(ers ty carry, what point they pleased, but ill
other sense. He agein repeated, end he wan most
mom* fur it to go forth to the world, that ell they were
struggling fur we;e the rishts granted my tii9k ChOrtVrt
•

and the rights to which they were entitled as British sub.
jests. It was his opinion, that without reform dreadful
eonvultions must take place in this country, and it was
their honnden duty to persevere until they had recovered
their rights, and in recovering their's they vindicated the
rights of all.—(Loud che ring.)—He apologised for hav-
ing detained them so .long, and begged leave to propose—
" A full, free, and fair representation of the People in
the Commons House of Parliament."—Drank with three
times three.—(Tremendous cheering.)
On the Chairman's health being given by Mr. Towxs-
awn of Hastings, after the cheering which followed had
subsided,

Colonel Evans returned thanks, and went into some
details relative to the decay and suffering inflicted on the
Ports by borough usurpations, and proposed the health of
Mr. Fraser, the legal representative for Hythe, whose
talents, learning, generous disposition, and high public
spirit, would do honour to the choice of the Barons and
freemen of Hythe.

Mr. FRASER rose and spoke to the following effect
Gentlemen,—l wish' it was in my power adequately to
express to you the deep feeling of thanks which I entertain
for the high and distinguished honour which you have
been so pleased to confer upon me. It is, -lodged, en
honour which no deserts or exertions on my part can have
merited at your hands, particularly as I have not the hap-
piness to be known to the full body of thegentlemert whom
I see around sue. To the people of Hythe, however, I
i
stand, at least I hope I do, under a happier aspect, and,
f I know their feelings, which have been again and "gain
expressed favourably towards me, I think I have many
reasons to be acquainted with the act. But, Gentlemen,
stranger though I appear before you, I earnestly anticipate
and look forward to the day when I shall, in conjunction
with the people of Ilythe, be enabled
,to lay aside my un-
known character, and telsinvince you that , among all
those who have striven for the attainment of the emanci-
pation of the Cinque. Ports, however eagerly they may
have sought that desirable, that glorious object,—however
enthusiastically they have proceeded in their operations,
and anxiously have awaited the consummation of their la-
boors, none have exceeded in their degree of' merit the
inhabitants of the town and port of !Vale, amongst
whom I am but an buttible and a feeble instrument. Gen-
tlemen, depend upon it, that day will arrive—and that
right soon—if I have any power in vaticivation,
or know any thing of the temper, disposition, and
habits of the town and port of Hythe,—a knowledge
in which an one has had a better opportunity to he
perfect than myself—a prescient statement which I will
gage my life will never be gainsaid by the elucidation of
facts. I believe it is very generally known that the inha-
bitants of the town and port of Hythe were very unani-
mous—very decided—very uncompromising, during the
period of the late general election. The voters on the op-
posite side came in swarms into the town, filled it with
riot and confusion, threatened the dwellers with their ven-
geance, showed every disposition to commit mews and a
disturbance, thinking by such swaggering and bullying be-
haviour to carry measures by a coup de main over the in-
nocent people and the timid lambs (no allusion to the bold-
fronted and brazen-faced individual who has ruled the de-
stinks in this place) of the town of Hythe. But, Gen-
tlemen, the Thrases and Bobadils have been known to be
cowards of old standing, their descendants, the oppo-
sionista to the popular cause in the town of Hythe, could
not by their mark of the hybrid beast, belie their one
doubtedness of descent. They were known to be the poor
menials, attendant upon animals of much larger 'di-
mensions. and pusillanimous to boot Their merits were
duty appreciated. They met with such a reception as
convinced them of the' unflinching courage of the people
of Hythe, who maintained coolly, but determinedly, their
undoubted rights; and on this account, that is, through
such resolute assertion on the part of the people, and on
no ether, those rights were held in just counterpoise
against the illegal assumptions, the hoastings, and the
huge threats of those who carne to thwart and check
the progress of the • antient, the just, the undoubted
cause, of all the people throughout all the districts of the
Cinque Potts. But, Gentlemen, in this commendation of
the Port of Ilythe, let me not be supposed to be arrogat-
ing too touch for its inhabitants—for they are themselves
aware how materially they have been induced to proceed—
how much, they have been strenghtened and comforted by
the example of the inhabitants of the town of Rye.—
(Cheera.)—Gentlemen, the inhabitants of Hythe, so far
from wishing to be recognized as having attained pari
passe, an equal degree of honour with their brethren of
Rye, are sufficiently humble to acknowledge themselves
the scholars of those men who have immortalized them-
selves by having obtained a decision in their favour from
an upright Committee of the feet Parliament.—(Cheere.)
—But, Sirs, however, they may have entered Into the
race of excellence, the people of Ilythe will in no wise
yield the palm of merit for the intrepidity, the coolness,
the determination, and vigour which have marked their
every proceeding towards the attainment of those muni-
cipal privileges which in common with the Other Cinque
Ports have been so long since wrested from them by the
grossest usurpation and injustice, but which, if I know
ought of their temper and spirit, they will re-assert and
never. cease the course of their high and glorious endea-
'yours, until the object of their reclamation has been re-
attained and re-assured in their immutable possession._-.
(Cheers.)--This, Gentlemen, I am convinced is the feeling
of every member of the Cinque Ports placed in like predica-
merit with the town of Hythe. They are respectively emu-
lating the glory of the town and port of Rye, and emus
lation, as you well know, is the sure and prolific source
of all human excellence. Such, indeed, has been the
fountain-head to which the town of Hythe, as a meek mi-
nistrant, has repaired, and, drinking deeply at the spring,
has imbibed the spirit of incontrovertible courage, consia-
sistency, and wisdom. And for this, Gentlemen, there
was ample and sufficient reason, although it had set aside
—which, however, I must unequivocally deny—all other
and finer motives excepting those arising directly from self.
interest anal self-preservation. Agreeing, as I do, in those
principles for a wholesome anti necessary reform, which
have been so eloquently and convincingly discussed by my
friend (Mr. Holloway), saving only one or two points of
minor importance, which, however, I will not adduce at
the present moment, as they do not go so far as to neu-
tralise the tendency of his • general argument, the town
of Hyatt, is convinced, that unless something be done to
ameliorate its condition, something to stir it up from its
present state of debasement and apathy, its few remaining
and enfeebled, because passive, energies will be corroded
by that unhappy stree of inaction which has been forced
upon it by tnis-government and usurpation, and that it
will gradually decay in bulk and substance, until the grass
shall grow where once were populous! streets, and the sea.
bird, uttering its wild scream, shall hover over the spot
where once voices of gladness burst forth with the jo-
cund song and the hearty laugh, because toil and exer-
tion were rewarded with meet competence, and the
anxious father could provide sufficient maintenance
for the wants and hunger of his wife and children.
The town • of Ilythe, Gentlemen, feeling its political and
its moral degradation, rallied its remaining strength, and
proceeded with firmness and intrepidity towards the edop.
Lion of those measures which were best fitted to cure the
gangrene rankling at its heart. That gangrene, Sirs, was
its self-styled end its mock Corporation..(Cheers)...a
Corporation which has no existence in law, but which has
not only erregated to itself all the mighty pretensions with
which Inveterate legal authority could enclotlie it, but has
long misgoverned—aye, misgoverned its the grossest pos-
sible manner—the unhappy town whicls it has taken into
its own leoline protection. But this is not all, Gentlemen.
I have said that the toasting Corporation is a mock one,
and it is so in two senses of the word—first, in the way I
have already mentioned ; secondly, suppihing it otherwise,
merely for argument sake, in in avowedly inefficient con-
atruction. That incorporating Charter which was granted
by Royal beneficence to the town of Hythe, ordained that
it should have a Mayor, It • Jurate, and 24
Colombo
Councilmen. What is'the real state •of finrcase? It has
a Mayor anti two resident Jurats only, father and son, of
the name of Finnis, the father being bedridden, age, and therefore utterly incapacitated for from ex-
d-ridden
r the du-
ties of office. I believe there are about five resident Corn-
mon councilmen, of whom one or two are holders of
office, to that you cati•guest how happy Ilythe feels under
its blessed decemvirate, composed of Mr. Shipdern, the
Mayor, and Mr. Fiords, his -deputy. There are five or
six individuals, indeed, who call themeelves Jurats, but
who, I am ready to prove. before a Committee of the House
of Commons, have no more right to the title than they have
to that of the Grand Turk,- or any other ridiculttua appel-
lation which their crude fanny might suggest. The teform
advocated by my friend, Mr. Holloway, would apply more
forcibly to the town of Ilythe than to ally other place
withhethealletrict of the Cinque Ports. The
thatinhabitants
e flab
good onblyy our opponents, are ;shoot nines I moan as
legal votes, legal
of Hyde, have nothing whatever to do with the elective
acknowledgedrranciiises si
to
teen iu number, Of these nineteen any Worthy, Friend
—and
and Colleague, orlinnt I regret most sincerely is . not here
present on. this moat gratifying oeossion---(Cheers )
myself obtained night, the - rest having Isten given to
Slajoribanks and Lock, (Mr opponents, But we
()ejected to every one of these except four, and of opr
Lauri), to eubeantiete our 04i:diens before a COMMlttee
of the Howse of Commune T have !not the slightest doubt
wr miligiviog. So that oor Opponents really have the
IutrdiIIVVII W ff f f >1 141 lIIMIWVIVO goccl vutslivc At as

sufficient to carry away the destinies and the political im.
portance, which must be considerable in a town which
Why, Gentlemen, the thing is monstrous.—(Cheers.)
boasts of having B,4oo.efficient inhabitants.—(Laughter.)
—But a little more of the monstrous remains to be told.
I have yet to inform you how the municipal usurpations at
Hythe have been abetted, and bow the borough has been
made a complete and miserable tool in' the hands of Mr.
Stewart Majoribanks, of the city of London, and Mr.
John Lock, one of the Directors, and late Chairman, of the
East India Company ; and let it not be forgotten, for it is a
!MOO consecrated in the annals of corruption and bribery in
the town and port of Hythe, of Mr. Capper—(A laugh)—
door-keeper at the East India House.—(Laughter.)—This
Mr. Capper, gentlemen, is the Billy Holmes of the town
of Hythe. He keeps the roll of names of the out-resident
freemen, pays them their five pounds a man fourteen days
alter the day of election, provides the sumptuary festivities
during the election for the out-residents, is the jackal in
(Alice and principal myrmidon in waiting to Mr. Stewart
Marjoribanks and Mr. Loch ; and, strange to say, bemuse
both these gentlemen are known to indulge in mighty
aritoeratical notions, and ideas of self consequence, and
the first particularly, as be has always boasted of being a
'democrat--strange to say, I repeat, that during the days
of the election, during these days, I say, of Saturnalia!'
licence, the servant is seen to keep boon companionship
with his masters. Mr. Capper, the door-keeper, is seen
arm in arm, and dines, breakfasts, and sups daily with
Mr. Loch, the Chairman of the East India Company, and
Mr. Stewart Marjoribanks, the brother of a Director of the
same incorporated body.—(Laughter.)—The patronage
which these gentlemen can dispense you may fancy is
most extensive, and this patronage is most liberally
tributed among what are called
.the sublesident.freemen
of the town and port of Hythe, to the amount
,Of about
two hundred and sixty.—that being about the number
which, notwithstanding all their mighty exertions, they
could only hying up to the poll at the last election. These
men are pensionaries, as it were, of Mr. Marjoribanks and
Mr. Loch ; if they are at all contumacious they are de-
prived of their livelihood by instant dismissal from
their situations. They have no alternative but
to obey the beck and the call of the men who
feed them, and of gr. Capper, who is their whip-
per in, and on the day of election they are carted
down to the town, like so many beggarmen, to give away
that vote, (whiub they have .no legal authority for exer-
cising) according as they shall be dictated to upon the spot.
You may well fancy then what the just and indignant
feelings of the inhabitants of Hythe must.. be at such an
abominable *feedbag. The out.residints, who are
absolute. strangers to.tbe town, of Hythe-,who scarcely
know the name of a single inhabitant—not even Mayor
or deputy Mayor, who never enter. its precincts except on
the days of electimi,:-..who leave-it on the understsnding
of receiving five pounds a man as soon as the laws against,
bribery and corruption can be transgressed With impunity,
and the shibboleth of whose calling is the.portentous and
well understood word ". Capper." These men, I say,
give away the destinies of the town .to the righteous
keeping of Messrs. Marjeribanka and Loch, while the honest,
industrious, hard working, praiseworthy, honourable in-
habitants of Hythe, by whom, and through whom alone
it is a town, which, hut for their exertions would be a
patch of beach land, covered at every rising of the :water,
by careering and resilian waves,—these men are to see the
elective franchise, their ancient birthright, wrested by the
usurper from their grasp, given to the improvident custody
of individuals with whom they have no community of
interest, to whom they are absolute strangers; they are
to ace that franchise battered for gold, in favour
of Members who never enter the town except on the
days of election ; they are to feel that themselves, their
children, and their town are sunk in irretrievable corrup-
tion, and it is expected by their kind-hearted merciful
usurpers that these ill.usamen are to remain in tameness
and servitude.—(Cheers.)—They did think so, and they
have been mistaken. The Men of Hythe have risen from
their. lethargy—have shaken off their slUmber—have
buckled on their armour for the political struggle; they
know what they ought, in all justice, to possess, anal they
Are determined to re-acquire those rights which their fore.
fathers are known to have enjoyed. Gentlemen, it has
been stated by our enemies that the Cinque Ports are fac-
tious anal in a state of insubordination--that they are
claiming new rights, which, having no foundation in law
and ancient poteelsion, are only the conceptions' of their
own crude imaginations. Such is hot the care. They
are only claiming what it is notorious they once enjoyed—
they seek a re-establishment of their ancient immunities,
charters, and privileges. That they will attain their
wishes I have myself little or tm doubt ; at least if fervent
zeal, unsbrinking courage, and firmness and perseverance,
and a determination not to cease in the struggle until the
object has been attained, be any thing in the general ac-
count, and I know them to be every thing. I can speak
for my worthy, excellent, and honourable colleagues—l
esti speak for myself—l can speak for the inhabitants of
Hythe— and I do conscientiously believe Ican speak for
every part and parcel composing the general district of the
Cinque Ports. Gentlemen, in. conclusion I have to re-
turn you thanks for the honour which you have conferred
upon me, and to drink all your good !realtis in return.
A desultory conversation here ensu-d as to the wording
of a petition which it was agreed should be sent to. his
Malady, setting forth the hardships under which the free-
men of the Cinque Ports laboured, during which Mr.
Holloway related the following anecdote Captain
Cogger, a townsman of Rye, on his passage lately from
Boulogne was speaking of the oppression exercised in the
Cinque Ports. This conversation took place in the pre-
sence of a military officer, who said, ' I will tell my
father, Sir, of what you complain.' Your tether,' said
the Captain, pray, Sir, who is your father ?' 'My father,'
replied the officer, is the King.' " Captain Cogger sub-
sequently ascertained that the officer was Colonel Fits-
Clarence, and that he bad kept his promise and told his
Majesty of the grievances of which they complained.—
(Loud cries of "Bravo ! Bravo l" and great cheering.)
Mr. FRASZIL begged permission to propose the health of
Sgentlemau then present, whosegreat legal knowledge and
attainments had been mainly instrumental in supporting
the rights and privileges of the freemen of Rye. Hu
would give the " Health of Mr. Miller," with three
three times three.—Drank with great applause.
Mr. Mir.exa, in returning thanks, said he should have
risen earlier to apprise the real freemen, whom .he then
saw assembled, of, the increased prospects of ultimate sue-
verse in their glorious cause which his further researches
afforded, had be not felt that so many others were present
who had a much greater claim to their attention. But
eller the flattering mark of distinction with which they
had just honoured him he could no longer remain silent.
It gave him great pleasure to reflect, that he was then ad.
dressing the only true brotherhood of the Cinque Ports
which had been assembled for many years--..a brother-,
hood, not composed of men noted for servility to their pas
trans, or for being incapacitated to produce those danger-
sons—[ln Rye, and most of the other Cinque Ports, eld-
estems opponents to the power of corporators, called eldest
sons of freemen are the only persons whose right to
freedom is acknowledgedla.-but of men determined to free
themselves and their fellow-townsmen front the oppression
which had so long galled them, and to uphold the rights
and privileges of the Cinque Ports—(Great cheering,)_..
He trusted the reign of tyeinny was over, and that such
proceedings as had long marred their happiness would
not again disgrace the Ancient Porte.-.-(Cheers.)—
The march of intellect was much dwelt upon, and he was
happy to find its effects manifest throughout the whole of
civilised Europe., Spain and Portugal were about to
burst the chains which lead bound them in slavery fair ern-
wise; and how much more must the progress of
station be acknowledged in England, the birth-place of
liberty ? This, then, being the age of reform, could it be
supposed that such anomalies could remain as now die-
graced our representative system ? Could it be supposed
that in some places thousands of inhabitants should be de-
nied the right of voting for. Members of Parliament, while
in others trees and stones should supply the place of elec-
tors? He believed the British Constitution, in its pure
state, to be the moat perfect 'opium of Government ever
established by human, authority ; and he was confirmed in
his opinion by that great legal authority whose Commen-
taries were familiar to every one—he meant Judge Black-
stone. But even this great Judge, although appointed by,
and subject to the influence of the. Crown, admitted that
tin, No created defects which ought to be removed, and
enforce'l the necessity of giving to the people a snore per-
opposition
feet system of representation. If, then, suck a necessity
existed in his time, how much stronger was it now,
when the property and population of time country had in-
creased nearly fourfold. It was said that the rulers of the na-
acknowledged the dreadful
bets: nie.;
thin were opposed to all reform ; but be (Mc, M.) did not
believe it, lie believed that if such a spirit of
system,uries,fr.tbrur•
existed, it was not in the leading Members of Government,
but in the mere Underlings of of and cheers.)
The whole country, felt sad
hmongering
which he
lig;:nberoww7TrrePemtremtitcddouaystidenhieeaearli
ci)uf consequencesr
whichistslin athep
loadfciertmol
eet
nobpowpirlor
tiatiu4,l
o America
sLiea
oviduct,an
itiolge,reatHeokintels7 poore only one. image to
insectcnpa cae
lled l 4l
t.e.4 thel hie:: n vault mi "Den, in
Istioetha,a parts
fcould
thrust its eggs, under the Wings of thea tabu!
before it took wing. In
living WOrips, ittld k 4 upon the body 43f di h theseapless s be""
- 9 ...ap.ese grew
progress of time wPPers just

hopper, but so eubtilely, that they did not touch any vital
part till they bad devoured the whole internals, and weed
ready to changi their 'tete,- and the grasshoppers had onlyi,
just time to fly to a tree or- fence, cling by their hooked
feet,- and die, leaving, an empty shell.—(Cheers.) This
was,- in hii opinion, a true picture of the effects of the
boroughrnongering system, end such would have bees the
consequences to their oppressed town, had not the light
of . regeneration, which now bade fair to illumine
their ancient streets, been kindled by their gallant Chair-
man. Before his coming, they bad often knocked at the
doors of the Constitutitin. They hid presented .petition
after petition to the House of Commons, and the justice of
their claims was admitted. Their ease was acknowledged
to be very strong, and they ware applauded for their re-
spectful language, but alas ! " the voice of the charmer
was heard no more, charmed he never so wisely." It
then became necessary to tear aside the veilr-to expose to
public scorn that nuts' of corruption which had so long
kept the town in darkness arid slavery, and demand a
restoration of their ancient rights. 'This was accomplished
through their Gallant Colonel. The constitution of their
town was restored, and Rye rose like a phcenix out of her
mime to give life and liberty to the Cinque Ports.—(Great
cheering.) The inhabitants of Rye,' however, had still
another victory to achieve, and he bad no doubt their tart,
would be equally successful. It had been stated that the
influence of Government would be employed against them,
but again he repeated he did not believe it. Could it be:
supposed that a Minister of the Crown. would, directly or
indirectly, interfere, for the purpose of upholding:the pre-
sent corrupt system in the town of Rye?—(Loud ones
of " No, no, no.") He was glad to bear them say no,
and, for the honour of his country, he proudly echoed the
sentiments; but it was necessary to persevere in their
good cause until they had obtained a final triumph.—,
Mr. Al. here went into a long statement of the movements'
and intrigues of the Rest. Patron of the horoUgh, and'
the various mamauvres be resorted to for the purpose of
upholding hie power in nominating Members to represent
the town. Amongst many anecdotes Mr. M. related
the fo:lowing t—Tbo Rev. Doctor after the decision of the
Committee, in consequence of some light which bad burst
in upon him, admitted the necessity of increasing the num-
ber of freemen, which had been strenuously opposed for
the last century. It was necessary, however, to sound
those who were. Admitted into his holy bands, and for
this purpose he went to a gentleman then present, and
asked him if he hada desire to be admitted to his freedom?
" Yes," answered the gentleman;. "but if 1 tun to be ad-
mitted, I will be as free as air, or not at all." " Very well," ,
replied the Doutor, "you shall be free," and went away.
A short time afterwards the gentleman beard some slight
misgivings lest his views and intentions might be
misinterpreted, and he in consequence wrote a letter
to the Doctor, giving him to understand, that if
he were made free he would not be subject to any
one's controul. The next day the Doctor again
called et his house, and said, " if you' are allowed
your freedom, you will of course support the Corpora-
tion ?"—(A laugh.)-.." Support the Corporation," ex-
claimed this honest individual, " I will support, Sir, that
which my conscience tells me is right."—(Bravo.)—This
was too intelligible for the Doctor. Freemen were not to
be made for conscience sake, and accordingly the Doctor
took his departure, and the worthy inhabitant heard no
more about his freedom.—(Great laughter.)—The Doctor
then turned his eyes towards his eldest son, who was of
course speedily invested with the privilege' of freedom;
and to crown all, this youth, who was only just of age,
and who was then studying at Cambridge, was elected a
Jurat and Magistrate, td administer justice in the town.
from his college at Cambridge. After some further re-
marks Mr. M. concluded a most energetic speech, by
showing how this great cause must be strengthened by re-
turning to the House of Commons such Representatives as
their worthy Chairman and the Hon. Member for Ilytbe
(Mr. Fraser), for Member he would still call him, as the
justice of his cause must prevail, and by declaring, that
with unanimity and perseverance, they would effectually
counteract the working. of faction, the maneuvres of cor-
ruption, and the baneful machinations of political priest-
cra fr. —( Cheers. )-1 le begged leave to return his sincere
thanks for the flattering manner in which they had drank
his health.
Mr: CHAIIIIIRLAIN said that having permission to give
a toast, he would propose the health of a gentleman who
had been known to Rye for forty year" as a reformer ; and
only ill health prevented him from being 'present on that
occasion. lie meant Mr. Benjamin Smith.—(Cheers.)
" Mr. Benjunin Smith," with three times three, was
drank.

Mr. HicKs said he considered that a proud day for Rye
when lie saw amalgamated together men from all the
Cinque Ports. Fur want of that co-operation in former
times, the loss they had sustained was incredible. The
former represeututives of the Cinque Ports were not the
representatives of the freemen, but of the patrons, and
were only sent into Perhanient for some particular pu-
pae. There had been no justice or equity in the pro-
ceedings. The only question that was considered was,
from which men shall we get the most from.—(Hear.)—
The words of their elLirter expressly said that those paying
scot and lot should choose the person to represent them in
Parliament. The representatives, of the other Ports ought
to have rallied round the people as Colonel Evans and Mr.
Fraser had done...-(Cheery.)—Not doing this they bad
not done their duty. They ought to have visited them
once a week at least, and not left their cause in
the hands of their legal adviser*. They ought as
he before said, to rally round their constituents, and
point out the evils with which they were op-
pressed. lie intended to propose the health of the
Members for Hastings and the gentlemen attending
thut day. It was well known that Mr. 0. Cave WAS A
firm friend of liberty and freedom, and he had often spoke
in Parliament in favour of Rye and the Cinque Potty,
Ile hoped soon to see Colonel Evans placed in the House
of Commons, they had worked hard iu the cause for five
year., for it was on that day five years that the door of
liberty for the Cinque Ports was unlocked, and publicity
given to their antient charter and privilege,. lie begged
leave to propose_ The Members for
.Hastiegs and gentle-
men of that town present that day."--Drunk with three
times three.
Colonel EvaNs, before the toast WAS drunk, said-.-lie
regretted as much as his friend, the absence of the other
candidates, but they had, he was confident, a mast perfeet
excuse. His (Colonel Evans) colleague was ill, and so
he believed was. Mr, Otway Cave ; and the notice of the
meeting was so short, that it prevented the poseibilltY of
some of the others being made acquainted with it. He
regretted that any expression of dibpleasure had been used.
Mr. MILLAIS said he had received positive 'instructions
to spare neither trouble or expense in collecting evidence
—(Cheers)—and he was confident they should go
through the campaign in the most strenuous manner, and
conic out of it with eclat.

Mr. Hem did not intend to blame gentlemen for their
absence, be only regretted that they were not more fre-
quently visiting their different 'unions.
Mr. Fusses said, as far as his colleague Mr. Kelly, was
concerned, it should be recollected that that gentleman
held a prominent situation.st the bar, but it was agreed
between them that a constant correspondence should be
kept up, and that be (Mr. Fraser) was to take frequent
visits to Hythe. He could assure the freemen that their
cause would not be neglected.
Mr. Townsawn then addressed the freemen in an elo-
quent speech, which we regret our limits prevent us from
giving at length. Ile proceeded to say that a few short
weeks would decide whether they were to be represented,
or still to be doomed to drag on in corruption. He wished
to sound an alarm, for although the prise appeared so near,
without the greatest vigilance it might still elude their
grasp. He had to pursue a beaten track; Ire had only tq
make use of the same line of argument, and to draw the
same conclusions, as he had hitherto done. The subject
excited the attention of the whole country, and if the
people who never saw the Cinque Ports wished them to be
emancipated, what must be the feelings of the freemen
themselves ? He meant to pay the people of Rye no un-
meaning, flatteriug compliment, but they had embarked
in a grand cause, they had pleuty of sea-room and gallant
commanders, who would never leave them until their ene-
mies were defeated. Honesty must triumph, and the men
of Rye put in possession of their elective franchise; better
prospects now appeared, and the laurel would soon bloom.
--(Cheers.) The contest might be arduous—it might be
severe--but victory was certain. They bad been told that
the national debt was a blessing to the country, that a
standing army was freedom, and that pluralities tended to
the good of the Church ; but with men of common sense
such absurdities would not do at the present day.
A red coat and a musket did not ci.nstitute cou-
rage, and they knew that a black coat was not
always the emblem of piety..--(Cheers.) The rights
of the Cinque Ports must be restored, concession
must be made. Look at the events which hurled
Charles the Tenth from his throne; if that deluded Mo-
narch had but granted half what the people then enjoyed,
they would have continued contented and happy under his
reign. Look again at the Netherlands. lie believed the
King was a good sort of man ; but if he had two months
ago made concessions, the people would have been con-
tented with one-tenth part of what they then asked for,
and. what they would obtain. But the King was obstinate,
and he lost the Netherlands. Such conduct bad drawn
forth the dregs of the people; sod tirieeh the respectable

btPleheintarrdtt.t)ohh_faisTtphhiedoatneP6cjiitoiPorefutiVltetot:loillinganofty:madGiliforoWthomatgeneoluit faltrdhPctnolibsYitibiticott4ll:li:e:6l
to drive the 'people`, to acts of desperation.—Ot
id
uthfttohhfreerartejeci°lnotinnshartagee
uenbelieDnepuitheekovrees:sithiiedntPaotertefiebendtethelitatledrebeiut:oki:eenofbtlinnederegWgb(lll:sllif:iolriiiregwn'thiodin wwectedntoeduulib7l,°:
it
voices of about seventeen individuals. Their rights tan
be granted, and if they were not given in detail they oil
be taken in gross. The cursed, abominable system cat
be done away, and the Duke was not a man to In it b
done step by step; it must give way altogether; it 10111
yield to the universal buret of popular indignation. tit
T. concluded by proposing the health of Mr. (Away CaY
and Mr. Warre. Drank with three times three.
Mr. BLusnett. in proposing the health of Mr. No
dolph and the gentlemen of Romney, compliment l
th
freemen of Rye on their unanimity and pentevertnee ii
striving to obtain their rights and privileges, the tots
was drank with three times threes
Mr. Rawnor,rit said the compliment which had jut,
been paid to himself and townsmen, couung as it did
fsnp
men determined to throw off the 'lltaeltiesi of slavery,
who would not be content until they hail restored to they
all their ancient privileges. The men of Romney, to(
were determindd to shake off the fetters of oppression, an
never was a more favourable time for so doin; , se at preset
they had a Suvellign who would listen to distress, and h
was confident the House of Corrunons would assist thee
in asserting their independence. The freemen of fora
ney felt called upon to co-operate with the freemen of di
other Cinque Ports. Their hearts were warm in th
cause, and' they would p on until victory crowned the
exertions.—(Cheers.)
_ Mr. Maxim here wished to make a remark, 11rbon I,st
aa'
complaint was made to Queen Elizabeth of oppressi,.
dug exercised in some borough, her Majesty replie
ow:Ito
rtr
theue we
p purposes
fehoaprptereurs
our royal pleastue will never allow dist they be nut e
nu
u
own
0b
this sentiment, thinking, perhaps, it would be el,
to introduce it in the Address to the King front t
Cinque Ports.
Captain HA AT,
Colonel Evattelraposed the health of Captain hart,
I 'wilt fur
in doing which he complimented the gallant Cap
his zeal and perseverance to sodeavouring to attain their
just rights. iotom,o, our loyal peopled; be
They hail an 'example before them in the men of !lob
with Colonel Evans at their head; and, after e)r..° ot
had been said, he would only obeerve, this the to.
R
with
yeA
Air.
most
Hythe would retrain true. to the cause until the) h
He beget'
achieved a complete victory.-o4Chouti,"-
leave to proe the " Health of Lord retate"--10„ the
and
the virtuou Committee of the How 'of Commoulsi. with
double honours.
The
TettcoaortiwasoptnNtwus;'srotissuanotshpaednzhdelparosausenkela.Ped:ithheit‘siit:;olurafijetehb:eillj:::
Knott. live. Mr,
in a
neat
ipeecht,ierehtaudryteld'r

C4lollel EVANS re.

----
Air. Knott basin left the room,
turned thanks. g
Mr. J. Mietea proposed the health oft!r. Clarke.
ta
Mr. FAAsIR, before the toast WO ank, heff6l
state, that Dr. Clarke had in the most handsome tenor
towards
the proceeds of two lectures at Southampton
towards furthering the object the Cinque pore 114'1 in
view.—(Cheers.)
The tout having been drunk with three tiff° three, 1,
Dr. CLAuxx returned thanks in a smelted me"ua— '
length, to which our limits will not allow '" to
do jo'lll6
:1,
He observed, it was with mixed feelings that be
thee '
dressed them, for he had hoped long 'ince to have Itrll
the contest in which they teemsnggd brought to s ls'e'
In the part he had taken h not actuated IVO r,fr
sonal interest. A year ago he had mentioned tli° 14",,;
comity of being united, and that it ought to be an
honest union. Ho clearly saw the advoltjgr. t'''a I
derived from it. The intelligence of the &eal (41'
made rapid strides,"and it %vas temerity in any
one 1111°P.
pose that the people would tamely submit to no e±:
at they had done In days gone by.---(Cheers-)-_14"1,
must be granted, the people must be made oullente.
the
prevent convulsions. The Doctor then remarked on
ii,
importance of the middling classes wl.orn he reproof, 1,
as the granite of society. He knew it was the epc). s:
some, there was no such thing as politick` re
he thought they had a gentleinsa at the head of ler,",
table who would not sacrifice dr high *take beheld bi pc
minds of the men in 11 for cat.idertio watever,
ye ally , .
lie was fighting the Waite el Bye, sod would 41":91
remain true to the eam;e of civil liberty--end lire c)l.'
Clarke, would maintain that unless the kingdom was fetfuti
represented, the honour of ling
rave
had passed awayldi,
ever. In his opinion, if any (0111 0" a vote
t°
a Clith'
date, without knowing whether he was actuated figo w
I country or not, that man secrificed all that war drvote.
honesty, and ought no tenger to he e"liiie4, l'' lie
As regarded the result ,af their tatcsurtes,
iii,
would 84y, that every man ought 113 vofel
shoulder to the wheel, km he desired above ell tc,,,01e
to keep aloof from the man who merely wished 114.., Lo
'wells. A Committee of the Home, of Co
pal
,r,„,1
declared they were entitled to their elective fraachormiord
it would be a disgrace to them 004 were Inn diiti'ra 6'4.
to obtain it. Every voter in the town of Rye, '''''',l,idi
rights were obtained, had a solemn duty to nerl"lrinl pr
ams to watch the conduct of their Reprerentativee is
1,04
!lament; but he was sure they would do their I.!nt)toril
they would never submit to the disgrace of yiel, m
they had obtained complete vice iry. Let them rho
to 0,
the world that they had made Rye an irelerni",,l.,:es
earl then be as happy and merry together el their et
rcumetanees would allow them to be. DA, C
down amidst great cheering. ' I i aliallel
Air, Townsenn said, the men of Rye 'lo' ,-14'.0 po"
the way to emancipation, and there was, a geniiin:l:oore
sent who had taken a prominent part, be sitlni", die On
ofpo_Pose " The health of Air. Chernherleia sou
Rye."—Drank with three times three. left the
Mr. HoI.LOWAY (Mr. Clianlberlaill ItaVillg MI „wijitsit
toroo In) returned thanks in a nent epoch, Aftri'llj,e µid
the glorious struggle in which they were NIA"' fa all
thatis he should meet with sufficient er"l"d'lsvil old hil
his trouble, by knowing that on his gravieetooeb.:figve
l Frlhedv " Hoe lies a Man of Rye, who knew 1
and knowing, dared assert them." nuthri
The health of Messrs. Menlo, POsger' 00
Lawrence, Kennett, ll►r It kr and 11011°°1/'
then drunk with three timesnY' thr' eesic• '
Mr. Hit:Ks returned thanks.l, of
A the
LAO"
Mr. WILLI
col() i , WILLIAMS CtrATTEJLTON preemie. hy Char
nel Evans, He did not allude to their wort bad tee
'ZAN but to a gentleman of the tannO OW 'irunit WO
three uredthe town with his pilotage that day' r ,„
times three. ,r W.
. , 1 tit Or C,4,,, 0.
The CHAIRMAN then gave the ne.:—.. he hao ,-
Clarke, and thanks for the 20 year• servic
tiered the town. ta
Mr. HOLLOWAY said, from the esertio. of rate
Clarke, the public school hail risen to its reroatiers 11,
excellence. It was now a saving to the Pi." 744 Of
from 7001 to 800/. a year ifs the edacnt°
children. . es three' 0
The toast was then drank with three tile— Orr
Mr. Fluent. wished before they 5114r4fr',,Inti°rist("°°
sentiment, and he could not use s mare 100;,,,faile'
than the words of their banner, "Union an Pe -
Drank with loud applanee. , it, rolti:
The efiAlltltAti, in taking his leave ei ~ IV
desired to give one other toast. Ile adverted 10, are
nr"rPorations, and those municipal magistrates woe very
pleased to call themselves corporations (for therf,it ,ppet:
many who do so, without the reinotot right to 1.-,,„„,,tite,
14t1"). having the custody of the etc orde of the '`iirortit
town,. These were in fact the title.ded! of thea . del
of these towns. It w.lll a transportable ottencei; oroe.
public documenta. There vial every reoool ,p,itIVILI '
to infer, that 'Meet nniernptllOUS inteDol4/I'Plotrae'
! effected in the records of their town,
of them perpetrated. A very short lane Will' ii:icieft
than four sack loads of the public papers of l'he the} r
lily of Rye had been destroyed, no doubt lest t11_) , e,i-
Aud great 1 0 , loi
reveal some damning proofe of unholy %pores y:t,:illtei
deuce of which was even then in the room. but top prl4
calities and the formations of our Courts 'eta' °or the
tected delinquents, and especially on'endersicrifiioeviri
public, from condign punishineot. rn , rio4iPle4
Courts, so much rnoreequitable, and govtrinol l'Y
sad bled
0
were not free from them foranalitiee. It 11„01ilie'ln-
some form of this kind that the coodiersti°l! erov-ird l''
cantinas alluded to had net yet been broegoool ''peitoed 14
evidence. But opportunity might oiler. 11'd nye, 11i,v,;
drinking " the healthy of those` all me' ;„,,, ol 1",,
about five years back, attacked d wok is,irri,)„,,,
Town Hall, and of the records thereat, and v''.,„,,rof tall
of them for the space of six week e, fur the PUrirrthy of 1
extracts from them." It was an 003 w'
highest praise, and of the greatest utiliti• .0, tiesolY
deank w 1
This toast, as may be conceived, wall,
_al wes
good will and boisterous app left ,5,.. ones 1P—
At eleven o'clock Colonel Reaps left 1.r..,„ or,
shortly afterwards fullowvel bi Os rot 0
