INTERVIEW OF WALLACE WITH
.HIS

In the neighbourhood of the house where he
had now taken refuge, was an oak of huge di-
mensions, in a cavity of which he had frequently
concealed himself from his enemies, when the
search was too. close to allow of his remaining
within doors. To this retreat he now repaired,
after partaking: of that refreshment which his
situation so much required. One of the widow's
sons was despatched to acquaint his uncle with
his safety, and to request his assistance ; while
another was sent off towards the scene of his late
conflicts, to obtain, if possible, some intelligence
of his lost companions.
The morning was pretty far advanced, when
Wallace was awakened from his sleep by the
sound of voices, and, starting to his feet, found
his uncle and two of the widow's sons engaged
in conversation, one of whom had been watch-
ing him during his sleep. His uncle, taking
him by the arm, led him apart from the others,
and began to inquire into his situation, repre-
senting to him at the same time the difficulties
he was still likely to experience if he continued

to persevere in so hopeless a cause. " Your
followers," added he, " are now either slain or
dispersed, and all your efforts in the district you
have been in have not procured you a single
friend to replace those you have lost ; the plunder
you have taken has either been recaptured, or
left in places where it would be madness to
hazard yourself in regaining it. Besides, were
you even successful, to your utmost wish, in
expelling the English from our country, do
you believe that so powerful, so ambitious a
Prince as Edward, one who is considered
the most accomplished warrior of his age
would allow the laurels to be torn from his

brow by the son of an obscure Scottish laird ?
Would not the whole force of his mighty king-
dom, assisted, if necessary, by his foreign auxi-
liaries and vassals, be poured upon our devoted
country ? Would not the inhuman butcheries
which were witnessed at Berwick be again re-
newed in all our cities? Have we not already
had too much experience of his cruelty, to think
of increasing our misfortunes by fresh provoca-
tions? Listen, therefore, my dear son, to what I
am authorized to propose to you. You are
aware, that those men, whose duty and interest
it was to have defended our country, have sub-
mitted to our enemies ; if you will, therefore,
give over your fruitless hostility to Edward, and
acknowledge him as your liege Lord, you will,
in place of skulking from covert to covert, have
it in your power to become the most powerful
Vassal of his crown."

Before his uncle had time to explain, Wallace
withdrew his arm from his grasp. "my situa-
tion," said he, " is gloomy enough, but not so
desperate as you imagine. I regret nothing that
has yet happened, save the loss of my gallant
friends ; but I know where the sound of my horn
can still call forth as many resolute spirits as will
enable me to revenge their fall. Those who,
have joined me, know that the liberty of our
country is the only object I have in view ; and
they also know, that I have always been as ready
to expose my own life as theirs in the quarrel.
The liberty which an unprincipled usurper is
endeavouring to deprive us of, is the birthright
we have inherited from our ancestors, and which
belongs to our posterity, to whom it is our duty
to transmit it. If we perish in doing so, we
perish in doing what is right ; and that God,
who made us free men, will avert the scenes you
dread, if we show ourselves worthy of his gift.
If, on the contrary, we basely surrender what
we only hold in trust for our children, the gall-
ing yoke of slavery will be a just retribution for
defrauding them of their sacred inheritance. As
to the proposal, come from whom it may, you
can acquaint them, that the destruction of a
single enemy of my country's independence af-
fords me more pleasure than all the wealth which
our proud oppressor has it in his power to be-
stow. " Have you forgot, uncle," said he, while
his stern features relaxed into a smile almost
sarcastic—" have you forgot
" Die° tibi verum, libertas optima return :

Nunquam serviii, eub nevi vivito, fili--" r
" have you forgot those sentiments which you
was at such pains to impress on my mind in the
halcyon days of my childhood,- when peace
was in all our borders, and every man sat under
his own vine and f-g
-tree, enjoying the fatherly
protection of a righteous sovereign ? And is
there to be no effort, no sacrifice made to bring
again those days to our poor distracted country ?"
He was proceediii; when the old man's eyes be-
came suffused ; recollections of the past crowded
upon his mind, and he threw himself on the
breast of his nephew.—Constable's Miscellany,
Vol. Llll.—Life of Sir William Wallace.

I tell you a truth, Liberty is the best of all things :
Aly son, never live under any slavish bond.

t ' The uncle of Wallace, a priest, so often inculcated,
and so deeply imprinted, the following lines upon his mind
and memory, that by them he squared all the thoughts of
his great soul, and efforts of his vigorous body
.Dico tibi verurn, libertas optima rerun, :
Nienquom servili, sub nexu vivito,

The London Sessions commenced this morn-
ing before the Loan MAYOR, Alderman ANSLEY, &C.
Nothing of importance transpired up to the period when
we went to press.

A
SINGULAR SUDDEN DEATH.—kin inquest
was held at the King's Arms public-house, Westgate, on
Friday evening, by S. WALKEY, Esq. Coroner, to inquire
by what means a labouring man, named JOSEPH Honor,
had met his death the preceding night. Some circum-
stances attending this event having caused suspicion that
DINAH HODGE, wife of the deceased, had been guilty of
some unfair means to deprive him of life, she was taken
into custody, and by order of the Mayor confined in the
city gaol, to await the decision of the inquest, which was
soon afterwards held, when a verdict of accidental death
was returned, and the woman released from custody.—
E.veter Alfred.

SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—By the last
vessel from New South Wales, a letter was brought ad-
dressed to the Town Clerk of Sheffield, from a person
named COOPER, formerly of this town, who, it appears,
had sentence of transportation passed upon him about
twenty-five years ago, when lie hail scarcely arrived at
manhood. After undergoing many accidents, one of which
was his escape from the hulks, and another his subsequent
escape, with five others, from Chester gaol, he was a
third time apprelanded, and finally consigned to Sydney.
Here his natural talents soon brought him into notice, and
a reformation in his conduct gained him a degree of re-
spectability. About eight yearn ago he received a free par-
don from the Government authoritiea at the settlement,and
began to acquire property of his awn. The letter alluded
to states that his possessions produce him 5001. per an-
nuls, and that he is anxious to discover, if alive, an in-
fant daughter, whom he left in this town when he was
sent abroad, and endow her with a portion of his
wealth. In this communication, the names of several
gentlemen now living are given as dews to the inquiry.—
Mr. Caossr...aran, our vestry clerk, has happily succeeded
in tracing the infant, who has been found a married
woriao, settled in London, with but small means. At the
conclusion of the letter an account is given of the country
and climate..—Sheffield Iris.
APHORISMS, &c.—A proud man and a
bumble one will both admit that " humility is a virtue."
Nothing is more common than a similarity of sentiment in
opposite characters. Y dare say a fox and a goose, if they
could speak, vronld'hoili concur is saying that poultry
MIA to be well fed.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 14, 1830.'

A King's Messenger arrived at the Colonial
Office this morning with despatches from Sir
FREDERICK ADAMS, the Lord High Com-
missioner of the lonian Isles. The messenger
was also the bearer of despatches from Mr.
DAWKINS, at Greece, to Lord ABERDEEN, and
Sir PULTENEY MALCOLM for the Admiralty.
We hear that none of these despatches contain
any news of public interest, further than that the
arrangements respecting Greece progress satis-
factorily.

The only extracts from the German Papers,
received this morning, relate to the mysterious
youth of Nuremburg, whose fate so much occu-
pied the attention of the German public a short
time ago :

FROM THE MAINE, MARCH 31.

The Journal Hesperus says that a clue has been dis-
covered to the family of Caspar Hauser (the orphan of
Nuremburg). His mother is said to be a Hungarian
Countess, St. M—, at Pesth, who, as widow, enjoys
the very considerable property which, if there were a child,
would belong to him. The first discovery is said to have
been made by an ecclesiastic, who being at an inn, beard
persons in an adjoining room speak of the affair. A wait-
ing maid, now in the service of Count P., is stated to have
implored him, on the report of an impending investigation,
to afford her his protection, " because this affair might
bring her to the scaffold," but that notwithstanding she
had lost her senses through fear.
On the other hand a Munich Journal, the Bazar, con-
tains in a private letter from Vienna the following pas-
sage on this subject:—" Already six months ago, I bad
the only possible and true political conjecture respecting the
birth of Caspar Hauser, and this is now fully confirmed. A
few days ago a governess in the house of Prince ** *,
in Hungary, who at a former period was long in company
of the great French General, was secretly arrested by legal
authority, accused of being cognisant of the birth of Caspar
Hauser, and also of the attempt to assassinate him ; per-
haps, even as a relation, she pretended to be out of
her mind. A physician discovered her trick by another
stratagem.—(The writer of the letter here enters into
further details, which, however, must not yet be made
public.)—lt appears that in respect to Caspar Hauser,
there has been no want of liberality in the purchase of
daggers. The disclosure of the truth must, therefore, he
attended with danger to my own life if brought to light.
A fact that might perhaps be felt like an electric shock
throughout Europe."

IZURE3IBURC, APRIL 3.

One of our Journals contains the following article:—
" Young Caspar Hauser met this morning with an
accident, which has even increased the interest that his
melancholy fate has excited. While busy in arranging his
books on a shelf near which a loaded pistol was hanging,
which he had placed therefor his defence, he lost his balance,
and in attempting to save himself from falling, involun-
tarily touched the trigger of the pistol, which went off,
and the ball grazed his head, but happily did not damage
any bone. The family hastening to the spot on hearing
the report, found him lying on the floor, and bathed in
Mood, but a ten, moments afterwards he recovered his
senses and speech, and surgical assistance being immedi-
ately applied, there is reason to hope that the wound,
which is not at all dangerous, will soon be healed.

VIENNA, APRIL 2.
The Austrian Observer says, under the head of ac-
counts from Smyrna, that the French brigs of war, the
Volage and Surprise, which had just arrived in Greece,
from France, had brought, the former 250,000 franca, the
latter 350,000 francs, for the Greek Government.
VIENNA, APRIL I.—Metalliques, 1041; Four per
Cents., 99i ; Batik Shares, 1,392 2-5.
APRIL 2.—Metalliques, 1044; Four per Cents., 98i;
Bank Shares, 1,377 1,351.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER'S
schedule of duties with respect to the Stamp
Acts which are to be consolidated, has just been
published this morning. We have not had

time to examine the respective alterations
which were proposed to be made, nor from
the present sample do we see any reasonable
mode of finding them out, for there is no table
of comparison of the old and new duties, as
suggested by Mr. HUME, and assented to by
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ; but
on looking into that branch which more im-
mediately concerns ourselves—the duties in
respect of Newspapers—we are sorry to
perceive at a glance that nothing new is proposed
for the benefit of the public, but an increase
for the benefit of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHRQUER, so far as Irish Newspapers
are concerned- The extortionate duty of

Ss. sa. on advertisements is still to be continued,
against reason and every principle of justice ! If
the Right Hon. Gentleman really means to per-
sist in that course we can assure him that he will
do so eventually to his own bitter regret and dis-
appointment. An oppressive tax defeats its own
purpose, as he ought to have known by this
time. But we have not space to-day for
remark. The following is a list of the con-
tents or sub-divisions of the various articles sub-
ject to the new duties :

SUPPLEMENT TO THE VOTES AND PROCEED
INGS OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Jovis, 8° die Aprilis, 1830.
Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, that
the several duties under the care of the Commissioners of
Stamps, by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament now
in force, and the several allowances and drawbacks in re-
spect of any of the said duties, shall cease and determine;
and that in lieu thereof, the ra shall be raised, levied, col-
lected, paid and allowed, the several Duties of Stamps, and
the several allowances and drawbacks, contained in the
schedule hereunto annexed ; (that is to say)

SCHEDULE.
PART THE FIRST.

Containing the duties in respect of deeds and other in-
struments, and the allowances in respect of the said duties.

PART THE SECOND.

Containing the duties in respect of Bills of Exchange,
Promissory Notes, Bankers' Notes, Receipts, Protests and
Insurances, and of Licenses to Bankers and Insurers, and
the allowances in respect of the said duties.
