Y 7(

No. 13.231.

C3NTRACTS FOR FRESH BEEF.
DEPARTMENT OF THE COMPTROLLER FOR
SICTIJALLING AT4 TRANSPORT SERVICES,
OMERSET-PLACE, Fes. 2, 1815.
THE COMMISSIONERS for EXECUTING
the OFFICE of LORD HIGH ADMIRAL of the
UNITED KINGDOM of GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND,
do hereby give notice, that on THURSDAY, the 26th instant, at
One o'clock, they will be ready to treat with such Persons as may
be willing to Contract for supplying (under separate Contracts) all
such quantities of
FRESH BEEF
as may be demanded for the use of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels
at the following places—from the Ist of April, 1835, to the 31st of
March, 1836—both days included, viz.:-.-
Chatham Guernsey and Jersey
Cork and Kinsale Harwich
River Thames, from Deptford to Kingstown and Dublin
Erith, both inclusive Leith, Leith Roads, and Frith
River Thames, from immediately of Edinburgh
below Erith to the Lower Hope, Milford and Pembroke
inclusive Portsmouth
Deal and Downs Plymouth
Falmouth Sheerness.
All parties about to tender are particularly desired to read atten-
tively the Conditions of the Contracts, which may be seen either
at this Office, or on application to the Superintendents of the Vic-
tualling Establishments at Deptford, Portsmouth, and Plymouth ;
the Superintendents of his Majesty's Dock-yards at Chatham,
Sheerness, and Pembroke ; the Agent for the Victualling at Haul-
bowline ; the Victualling Storekeeper at Deal ' • the Secretary to
the Postmaster-General at Dublin ;or to the Collectors of-his Ma-
jesty's Customs at each of the other places.
Every Tender must specify the price in words at length, and no
Tender will be received after One o'clock on the :day of treaty,
nor any noticed unless the party attends, or an Agent for him, duly
authorized in writing.
Every Tender must be delivered at the above Office, and be ac-
companied by a Letter addressed to the Secretary of the Admiralty,
at Somerset-place, and signed by two responsible persons, engaging
to become bound with the person tendering, in the sum of 1,5001.
for the due performance of the Contracts for Sheerness, Chatham,
Portsmouth, and Plymouth ; and in the sum of 500/. for each of
the other places.

HAYLE RAILWAY COMPANY,
37, New Broad-street, Jan. 27, 1831
.11V OTICE isherebygiven that a HALF-YEARLY
IA GENERAL MEETING of the PROPRIETORS of the
HAYLE RAILWAY COMPANY, will be held at. the Offices
of the Company, 37, New Broad-street, in the City of London, on
TUESDAY, the 24th (lay of February next, at Two o'Clock pre-
cisely, in accordance with the provisions of the Act of Parliament.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
HENRY ENGLISH.

This day was published, in I Vol. Bvo. 6s. bds.
A N EXPOSITION of the NATURE,
AL TREATMENT, and PREVENTION of CONTINUED

FEVER.

By HENRY M'CORMAC, M.D., M.R.C.S.E.
B the same Author,
A TREATISE on the CAUSE and CURE of HESITATION

of SPEECH, or STAMMERING.

Bvo. ss. 6d.

London : Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and Longman.

SECOND EDITION, REVISED.
Just published, in 12mo. price N. bds.
A TREATISE on the NATURE and CAUSES
of DOUBT in RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS, having an
especial reference to Christianity. With an Appendix on some
common difficulties, lists of Books, &c. &c.
London . Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and Longman.

BARKER'S LEMPRIERE ABRIDGED.
Bs. 6d. bd.

TCLASSICAL
A DICTIONARY, ABRIDGED from ANTHON'S and
BARKER'S Second Edition; for Schools of both Sexes.

By E. H. BARKER, of Trinity College, Cambridge.
This work gives every article in a condensed form.
2. LATIN GRADUS, without Verses or Phrases. The
English of the words is given, with their formation. Fourth
Edition, is. 6d. bd.

3. DICTIONARY OF LATIN PHRASES, by Robertson
much improved. Iss.
4. LATIN AND ENGLISH DICTIONARY, greatly im.
proved by the Rev. Dr. NIBLOCK. 6s.

Vrinted by A. .1. Valpy, and sold by all Booksellers.
Ask for Valpy's Editions.

Just completed, in 1 vol. Bvo. _ w

JUN'

-14EMOIRS of ait
CONT 7

Ramolini Bonaparte
Marie Antoinette
Anna Zingha
Lady Jane Grey
Donna Catalina de Eranso
Beatrice Ceuci
Catherine of Prussia
Anna Boleyn
Edward Clairton (late Bull an,
Holles-street.

ith Sixteen Portraits, price 14s.
'OT'S
I,EBRATED WOMEN
'ENTS.

Baroness de Steel
Charlotte Corday
Josephine Bonaparte
Mary of England
Marina Mnisrach
Christina Queen of Sweden
Lady Wortley Montague
Mary de Medicis.
Churton), Public Library, 26,

On the Ist February, beautifully embellished, price 55.,
mR. BULWER'S PELHAM;
Tho 2d and concluding VolUme, with new Notes and

Correetioua.
Published for H. Colburn by R. Bentley. Sold by all Ilooksellerg.

SIR JONAH BARRINGTON'S MEMOIRS
of IRELAND and the ANION,

The Second Part of the Ne* and Chetipef Edition of this im-
portant. Work, contaicing all the 40 Portraits and other curious
Documents of the original expensive Edition, is now ready for de-
livery. The whole to be completed in Six Parts, price Bs. each.
The Second Part contains, among other Portraits, those of the
celebrated and unfortunate Lord Edward Fitzgerald, James Napper
Tandy, the Right lion. Henry Grattan, the Earl of Charlemont,
the Duke of Leinster, &c.

Published for H. Colburn by R. Bentley ; sold by all Booksellers,
Agent for Ireland, Mr. John Cumming, Dublin.

ARMY All
MHE UNITED 'S
and NAVAL and MIL]
BRITARY, comprises, among oth
Observations on Military Pen-
sions, and Calculations of their
Value.

D NAVY.

Traditions of the American War
of independence, No. 3.
Pirates and Piracy, from the ear-
liest Ages, concluded.
Anecdotes of Dom Pedro, and
the Brazilian Mock Revolution

ERVICE JOURNAL,
ITARY MAGAZINE for FE-
ier interesting Papers_
The Order-book ; or, Naval
Sketches. By Jonathan Old-
junk, Esq., R. N. , concluded.
Military Equitation.
Memoirs of the Services of Ge-
neral Sir W...Keppel, G. C. B. ,
Lieutenant-General Alexan-

of 1831, concluded.
Narrative of the Wreck of

H. M. S. Terror.
Remarks on the Prevalence of,
and Remedy for, Intemperance
in the United Service. By
Dr. Ferguson, Inspector-Ge-
neral of Hospitals.
Published for Henry Colburn,
to whom alone all Communicatior
be addressed.

der Adams, and Major-Gene-
ral Sir Robert Travers.
Correspondence from the Prin-
cipal Ports and Stations, and
_ .

on asvariety of subjects.
Station of the Navy and Army
on the Ist of February. Pro-
motions and Appointments ;
with all the Naval and Mili-
tary Intelligence.
13, Great Marlborough-street;
is for the Editor are requested to

. _ • -
"/
~ •
Syr h ,
N
3 t,
. -
4'
LT.
wo.
7 'AisT -ffs- ,
\O! A 4,4.4,y)
• 1 )
",.t • , /

PRICE 70.

BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.

PUBLIC DINNER TO BENJAMIN HAWES, JUN.,
ESQ., M.P.

Yesterday the gentlemen composing the Committee for
the election of of Mr. Hawes, and a number of his friends
in Lambeth, celebrated the triumph of Reform in his re-
election, by entertaining him at a public dinner, at the Horns
Tavern, Kennington.
The company was very numerous, the great room of the
Horns being completely filled, and included a large portion
of the most distinguished electors of Lambeth, Lisides
several distinguished public men, friends.Of Mr. Hawes and
the cause of Reform.

The Chair was appropriately filled by Lawrence Red-
head, Esq., the active Chairman of Mr. Hawes's Election
Committee ; on his right sat Mr. Hawes, Mr. Nicholson,
High Sheriff of Surrey, Mr. Sheriff Illidg-e, Mr. Briscoe,
&c. &c. ; on his left, Mr. Bernal, M.P., Mr. Crawford,
M.P., Mr. Clay, M.P., Mr. Allan, Mr. Weston, the Editor
of the Morning Advertiser, &c. &c.
The room was appropriately decorated with flags and ban-
ners, with suitable inscriptions, and garlands and festoons of
laurel. Over the Chair was a banner inscribed " Hawes
acid Reform," under which was a scroll with " Civil and
Religious Liberty ;" on the ' sides appeared " Trade,"
" Peace," encircled with laurel. There was also an excel-
lent band of music, and a capital company of vocalists.
The whole appearance of the preparation and of the com-
pany was that of triumph enjoyed with good taste wad good
feeling.
After ample justice was administered to the dinner,
which, to those acquainted with the entertainments at the
Horns, it is unnecessary to say was excellent,—
" Non Nobis Domine" was sung by the vocalists in su-
perior style.
The CHAIRMAN then rose, and said he had great pleasure
in proposing the " Health of his most gracious Maje.ity the
King." The toast was drunk with three times three, and
the usual applause.
The vocalists sang " God save the King."
The CHAIRMAN next gave " Her. Majesty the Queen."
Drunk with three times three, and similar applause, but
with somewhat rather curious observations.
Song—" See the chariot at hand."
The next toast was, " The Princess Victoria, the Duke
of Sussex, and the rest of the Royal Family." Drunk with
three times three, and very great applause.
The CHAIRMAN then rose and said, if there VMS one
reeling which the present occasion called forth more a a;raii-
fying than another, it was tho reflection that Lambelh was
raised to its present state of importance, and its intelligence
and wealth were represented by representatives of their own
choice in the councils of this great nation, the first country
in the world.—(Hear, hear.) This great object having
been gained, there arose a new privilege to be exercised, a
new duty to be performed, that of electing able and honest
representatives. At their first opportunity of exercising
this right, a candidate offered his services who was per-
fectly capable of performing all the duties of a representa-
tive, but he was made an object of calumny. This caused
' a pause and gave opportunity for inquiry and investigation :
and the result was, that every act both of his private life,
and of his public conduct, was found to have been based in
honour.—(Great applause.) The electors then threw around
him the mantle of their confidence, and though they had
some storms to encounter, they safely carried him into the
harbour of triumph and victory.—(Applause.) He then
became their honoured representative, as he was that day
their honoured guest. He had now been two years their
representative in the Commons House of Parliament,
and it was unnecessary for him to say one word on his votes
or conduct, because he knew they had investigated the one,
and duly appreciated the other.—(Applause.) Few mem-
bers evinced more talent in the discharge of their Parlia-
mentary duties than theirs, and the records of the Com-
mittees the House of Commons gave proof of his diligence
and intelligence.—(Applause.) He was also most attentive
to all local Acts by which his Constituents could be af-
fected, and to the statements of all the inhabitants of
Lambeth, whether electors or non-electors. He felt happy
to have that opportunity of expressing his high opinion of
the merits of the Representative whose return they were
met to celebrate, and of saying to him, " Well done ; for
to us you have been a good and faithful servant."—(Great
applause.) He would shortly return to his duties in Par-
liament, and would carry with him the pc riect reliance of
his Constituents on his judgment and discretion, and inte-
grity ; that he would assist to repair • and renovate the
great institutions of the country ; and ever be the bold un-
compromising advocate of the people's rights, and pro-
tector of our beloved country.—(Great applause.) The
Hon. Gentleman concluded by proposing Mrs. Hawes's
health, amidst applause, which prevented our catching his
words. _ _

The toast was drunk with repeated rounds of applause,
both loud and long.
As soon as the applause had so far subsided as to afford
him any chance of being heard,
Mr. HAWES rose and said he was deeply sensible of the
honour done him ; indeed, from the first hour of his con-
nexion with them as their Representative, he had been ho-
noured in a way that must have been highly gratifying to
wiser and better men ; and he had often wished that such
high honour had fallen on some one more deserving.—(No,
no.) When he first appeared a candidate for the high ho-
nour of becoming their Representative in Parliament, he
had no claim from connexion, or rank, or fortune : he came
before them a simple man of business—in that character
he was accepted, and their approval of hint now a second
time stamped his conduct with their approbation, and that
was to him the richest reward for his labour in obtaining it.
—(Applause.) On his first soliciting the honour of their
confidence, they would do him the justice to remember that
he moiled to no unworthy arts to obtain it—he was even
cautious of giving pledges or making promises ; he stirred
up no man's passa-ans—he appealed to no man's piasiedices ;
lie only.appealed to reason, and to that appeal they had
nobly responded.—(Applause.) During the election they
all knew everything was done with honour and good
There was no riot—no trafficking in votes, and he abstained
from all declamation.—(Applause.) He need Lot tell
them that he was a Reformer, because the votes lie had
given have gained their confidence ; yet there were times
to speak out, when every representative should be plain and
clear with his constituents, that they might know what they
had to expect at his hands. He would then tell them that
he would respect the prerogative of the Crown so long as
it was exercised for the good of the people, hut no longer.
—(Great applause.) And he would say, that %den the
prerogative was lately exercised in the discharge of able,
upright, and liberal Ministers, it was not exercised for the
good of the people.—(Great applause.) The 'lion of whom
that Ministry was composed were not men- unknow:: to the
people ; they had been the associates of Earl Groy---one
of the most liberal and enlightened statesmen that ever dig-
nified this country.—(Applause) In 1794, he proposed
to Parliament a reform very similar to that which, as
Prime Minister, he carried into effect in 1832 ; in 1307,
the Minister of that Government which abolished the slave
trade ; and in 1833, he was Prime Minister of the Govern-
ment that abolished slavery ; and one of the last acts of his
glorious Administration was to make the education of the
people a national object. And if they looked at the statute-
book, and saw the amelioration of the laws that had taken
place during the four years of his Administration,
would say that he deserved well of his country. Lord Mel-
bourne's Administration followed in the steps of Lord Grey's
in improvement. He hoped they were not to be called De-
structives, for if they were he was a Destructive.—(Hear.)
And what, he would ask, had be to gain by destruction ?
His fortune was scattered over every county in England in
the shape of commercial credit, which the slightest com-
motion in the country would indeed destroy. But he was
not a Conservative, and, ergo, he must be a Destructive.
He wished to abolish every abuse, and place all the valua-
ble institutions of the country 'on the affections of the
people for support.—(Applause.) Who wielded the powers
of Government for fifty years, and brought on all the danger
with which we are threatened ? Not the Destructives—
they were not in power. Not the Whit—they were in
power but four years. No, it was the misgovernment of
the former fifty years that caused all the present anxiety
and peril.—( Applause.) The danger was imputed to re-
form ; but what was now put forward as a ground of con-
fidence in Ministers ? Why, that they were Reformers.
—(Great applause and laughter.) They published ad-
dresses—they made after-dinner speeches—they issued com-
missions—and they say " We are reformers."—(Great
laughter.) He wished to pay respect to some of the pre-
sent Ministers. The Prime Minister had worked long in
the service of the country, and effected improvements in
-the laws, for which he offered him his thanks. Another
Minister had sustained the glory of the country in arms,
for which he tendered him his thanks and gratitude ; but
he could not afford to be more than grateful ; . and when
they took credit to themselves for being Reformers,
he must say they were not honest public men.—(Hear,
and immense applause.) He could only compare them to
a man who gazed on his neighbour's house and property :
he saw his premises convenient, his goods abundant, and in
demand ; and by the simple rule of " Let those take and
