must—having been laid before the House—be consider,
conclusive. He then proceeded to extract from the printer
evidence of the report of last year, from which it appearc
that an enormous increase of population, trade, and commerc,
:aid taken place from year to year along the line proposed.
He then entered into a detail, wit rein he copious!
'xtracted from the evidence, and strongly urged the impari
vice of the Bill, declaring it to be not only a great desiderc
tam. but an absolute necessity.
The address of the Learned Gentleman took up the tim.
of the Cointnittee until nearly a quarter before four o'clock
the usual time fur the Speaker's going to prayers.
Adjourned until twelve o'clock, next Thursday.

SUB-COMMITTEE ON PETITIONS—(No. 3.)
Mr. AGLIONBY in the Chair.
Belfast Waterworks—(No. 2.)—By adjournment from las:
Friday.—Further proof of notices was gone iato, after
which it was objected by the opponents to the 8.1.
that a pipe-tract was not laid down on the plan through
the town of Belfast. Considerable argument ensued there
upon, and the room'was cleared ; after which the Chairman an-
nounced the decision of the Committee, that in this respect the
Standing Orders had been complied with,
Mr. Cubitt was then called to prove further compliance with
the Standing Orders, when it was objected that the height of
the embankment of the great Reservoir, although exhibited
upon the section, was not shown upon the plan.
A discussion, pro and con, ensued upon the point, when,
without the room being cleared, the Committee decided that, in
this respect, the Standing Orders had not been complied with.
Lengthened arguments then took place upon various points
of the Standing Orders, as to the ground and water levels,
the datum line, &c., of the Reservoir; and also as to the ten
per cent. which had not been deposited, although it had been
offered to Mr. Ley, the clerk of the House, who hal refused
to receive it.
The room was cleared, after which it was decided that, upon
the point of the deposit, the Standing Orders had not been
complied with.
The SPEAKER being at prayers, the Committee adjourned
until next Wednesday week at twelve o'clock.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

(THIS EVENING.)

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The Gallery was not opened today till twenty minutes
past Four o'clock, in consequence of the Ballot for a Commit-
tee to try the merits of the Kinsale Election Petition.
The Gallery was then cleared that the Ballot on the Wor-
cester Election Petition might proceed ; but the order was
eventually discharged, and no Ballot took place, as the parties
did n3t. appear.
On re-entering the Gallery we found Members presenting
petitions against Negro Apprenticeship.
Mr. DENISTOUN presented a petition from Glasgow
(we believe) to the same effect. From the vast bulk of the
petition, we should suppose the number of signatures to be
many thousands.
BELFAST WATER WORKS.

Mr. AGLIONBY presented a petition praying for an ex-
tension of time till the 2d April for the bringing in of the
Belfast Water Works Bill.--Agreed to.
GLASGOW WATER WORKS.

Mr. CHALiIIERS gave notice of a motion for to-morrow,
o refer the petition presented by Sir J. G. Craig respecfng
;he Glasgow Water Works Bill, to the Committee on that Bill.
KINSALE ELECTION.

The Clerk of the Committee appeared at the bar with the
amended list of the Committee appointed to try the Kinsale
Election Petition, which is as follows :—henry Gaily Knight,
W. A. Mackinnon, Hon. W. B. Baring, Charles Green-
away, Sir T. Dyke Acland, Sir John Walter Pollen, Peter
Ainsworth, Kcdgw•in Hoskins, T. W. Chichester, Sir C. IZ.
Blunt, James Poxer.
Mr. MILES presented a petition from the congregation of
Wesleyan Methodists of Pontefract, praying for the immediate
and total abolition of Negro apprenticeship.
Mr. SANFORD presented petitions from Chard to the
same effect. The Hon. Member also presented similar peti-
tions from different places in the County of Somerset.
Sir G. STRICKLAND presented 30 petitions from diffe-
rent parts of the country against Negro slavery. The prin-
cipal of those petitions emanated from a large meeting held
at Exeter Hall. That petition was signed by the Chairman,
Lord Brougham, on behalf of the meeting.
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a petition from Thomas
Clarkson to the same effect.
Mr. PEASE presented a petition from Carlisle to the same
effect.

Mr. HAWKINS presented numerous petitions to the same
effect, but we could not catch the names of the places.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. TH 0 RNLE Y and
by Major AGLIONBY.
Sir J. DUKE presented a similar petition from Boston.
An HoN. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, pre-
sented similar petitions from Huntingdon and other places.
Similar petitions were presented from places in Yorkshire
and in Norfolk, by Mr. Baines and another Hon. Member.
IRISH POOR RELIEF BILL.
Sir R. BATESON presented two petitions from placcs
in the County of Londonderry, against the Irish Poor-law.
Also a petition from a parish in Londonderry, against the
system of national education in Ireland. Also petitions from
Belfast, Lisburne, and Londonderry, praying for a renewal
of the Linen Act, which will expire at the end of the present
Session.

Mr. HODG ES presented a petition from a Board of
Guardians in the county of Kent stating that they had taken
great pains to ascertain the general working of the New
Poor-law Act, and were highly in favour of its principle.
Also one praying for the immediate abolition of Negro
slavery.
Mr. B. BARING presented a petition from the Arch-
deacon and Clergy of Stafford against the suppression of the
Bishopric of Sodor and Man.
Mr. Sergeant LEFROY presented a petition against the
system of national education.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL wished to ask the Right Ho-
nourable Baronet opposite, whether it was his intention
or the intention of the Noble Lord the Member for North
Lancashire, to move an instruction to the Municipal Corpo-
ration Bill Committee to provide that the Municipal Corpora-
tions of Ireland should be abolished.
Sir ROBERT PE EL —Sir, as I have been for some
past rather in the habit of administering than answering ques-
tions, the Noble Lord will not be surprised that I am desirous, for
a few moments, of assuming that position which is somewhat
more familiar to me, that of putting a question to the Noble
Lord. I don't do this merely for the purpose of taking
a lesson from the more practical experience of the Noble Lord
in answering questions—(Laughter)—but because the answer
which the Noble Lord may give to my question may be impor-
tant, and may enable me to give a more definite and satisfac-
tory answer to the question which he has put to me,
and to which I have promised to reply. The ques-
tion which I wish to put to the Noble Lord is, what
course it is the intention of her Majesty's Government to pur-
sue with respect to the Irish Tithe Bill and the interest of the
Irish Church ?—( Hear, hear.) At the meeting of Parliament
her Majesty directed the attention of the Legislature to three
questions relating to the domestic policy of Ireland—the
establishment of a system of Poor-laws, the Reform of
Municipal Corporations in Ireland, and the altera-
tion of the laws regulating the collection of tithes
in Ireland : and the House assured her Majesty, in
an Address to which we unanimcusly agreed, that we
should consider these subjects. Now, as more than four
months have elapsed since that time, and, as I presume,
the Government have made up their minds as to those
measures to which they have directed the attention of
this House. I may assume that they have made up
their minds as to the measure they intend to submit to
Parliament on the question of Irish Tithes.—( Hear, hear.)
The Right lion. Baronet was proceeding to read the Resolu-
tions when he was interrupted by loud cries of " Hear, hear."
After a pause of a few minutes, the Right Hon. Baronet con-
tinued—l did not seek this—the course which the
Noble Lord has taken has imposed it upon me.
I find these Resolutions on the journals of the House :—" That
this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole
House to consider the state of the Church Establlshment in
Ireland, with a view to appropriating any surplus arising there-
from to the general education of the people ; that it is the
opinion of this House that no measure can be introduced for the
settlement of tithes in Ireland that will be likely to prove satisfac-
tory, that does not embody the foregoing resolutions." Coupling
the existence of these resolutions with the speech from the Throne
I think myself entitled after the lapse of four months to put
this question to the Noble Lord, whether it is his intention to
bring forward any measure with respect to Irish tithes,
and whether it will involve the principle contained in
these Reselutions? Having received an answer from '
the Noble Lord, I will then proceed to discharge the duty
which it will impose on me.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL—The House will see that as
the Right Hon. Gent. has put the question with some care, it
will be necessary for me to take time to answer it, and in order
to put myself within the rules of the House, I shall now
move that the House resolve itself into a Committee to take
into consideration the question of Irish Tithes on a certain
day to be hereafter named. The Right Hon. Gentleman
has complained that four months have elapsed, and that no
measure has been brought forward with respect to Irish
tubes. It did appear to me that it was the understanding
that the House should give its attention to certain measures
teat were to be brought forward ; that these measures should
be disposed of separately, and so sent up to the House
of Lords ; that that House should not be called on
to consider all our measures at the same time when,
according to their own declaration, they had not suffi-
cient time to give those measures a separate and dis-
tinct consideration. 'rho first measure recommended by her
Majesty was the Bill for the relief of the poor in lieland, and
that measure has not only been read a second time, but has re-
ceived the most careful consideration from this House through-
out all its stages, so that I think it cannot be fairly said
that there has been any delay in bringing forward the mea-
sures recommended by her Majesty I neither do I think it can
be said that it would have been wise to interrupt the progress
of that measure by the introduction of others. With regard to the
question of tithes in Ireland„ it stands in this peculiar situation,
In the year 1834, a Bill was sent from that House which was
rejected by the House of Lords ; in 1835 a fill was sent from
that House, which was considered so obnoxious in its provi-
sions that it was not pros,eceled. tit 1836 a Bill for the same pure
pose was introduced, but in consequence of its provisions being
greatly curtailed it was not proceeded with, In I 7 another Bill
of the same kind was introduced, and ae his Noble Friend the
Member for North Lancashire had declared, that unless the
Bill was altered in its provisions he should oppose it, he
cesteidered thst it was useless to proceed with it in its present
illape. He (Lord NM Russell) did not think it wise for
