THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Altracttfrorn the Morning Papers, May 31, 1845•

[s.sommtmo castoxlcut.]
The Grant to the Doke! of Cumberland was
again discussed last night. The Duke does not
c►►rtainly owe much to Ministers for the manner
in which they have proceeded in his case. It
;I, we believe, no 4ecret that his Royal Highness
baa applied for this addition to his income, and
Mat Prince Leopold, on the contrary, was anxious
above all things, that his Sister should receive no
additional allowince from Parliament. Mini-
sters, howeVitr, thirst not appear before Parha-
m:tat without the Duchess of Kent, and they in.
l"isted on declining the aid of Prince Leopold.
• This is absolutely inviting attack. Moreover,
it is holding up the Prince to the nation as shrink-
ing from the engagement into which he volun-
tarily entered, of devoting a small portion of
his immense income to the education of the
daughter of his own sister. The Prince, of
course, dare not complain—he is placed in
the very critical position, of having to dread
appearing in an avaricious light to the people,
and to dread provoking Ministers at the same
time, who may, evem after having procured
for him the of the people, make that
ill-will a pretext for reducing him—as they now
make the unpopularity of the Duke of Cumber-
land a ground for placing his sister in the front
of the battle. We have already delivered our
sentiments on the subject of the allowances to
Princes of the blood. As this is a Monarchy
and not a Republic, we must take the former
with all its concomitants, one of which is the
providing for the different branches of the Royal
Family in what is deemed a suitable manlier.
Inquiry into private character supposes a degree
of inferiority which ill accords with any thing
like reverence for Royalty ; and it were well if
the allowance were to be altogether independent
of private character. To he snre a Prince may
squander his money, run into debt, and then ap-
ply to Parliament to be relieved. To guard
against an evil of this kind, the incomes of the
Royal Family might, like the pensions of soldiers,
be declared inalienable.

[TII F! T NI El.]
Whatever may he the defect' of our repre-
sentative system, no Englisman need despair of
his country ‘Nhile such downright and manly
language as characterized the debate of last night
can be uttered Without check in the House of
Commons, and printed without fear by every
newspaper in the kingdom. The Legislative
Body never displays greater dignity nor greater
usefulness than when it conveys the voice of
truth to the ears of Royalty : it thereby asserts
the rights which distinguish the free citizen from
the Oriental slave, and adds strength to the Mo-
narchy by proving that its obedience is rational
nod voluntary, and not the passive homage of
blind servility. The division was as exemplary
as the tone of the discussion—the numbers being
12.0 for the grant, 97 against it ; though to the
grant was annexed, by the consent of Ministers,
and the universal agreement. the humiliating con-
dition that the child of the Duke of Cumberland
is to be separated from his father, unless that
should happen which nobody seemed to wish or
expect—that the Duke would fix his residence
in England. On the subject of Prince Leopold,
Mr. Brougham seems to have been authorized to
declare, that the Prince was ready and willing to
bear the expence of the education of his infant
niece. This explanation would have been more sa-
tisfactory, if it had been stated that the Prince had
hitherto expended any part of his income for that
purpose. As it is, he may, now that Parliament
is about to make the grant, very safely venture
on the generosity of expressing such a readiness,
when he knows that his offer will not be accept-
ed. We must not conclude without adding our
mite to the praise bestowed on the Duchess of
Kent, for her amiable unpretending manners, and
discreet and excellent conduct.

evr Tim cs.l
The Papers respecting slavery and tire Slave
Trade, which have been lately presented to Par-
liament, are at once too voluminous and too in-
teresting, to be dismissed with a brief notice.—
The Correspondence relative to the Slave Trade
is divided into two parts. Class A contains the
Correspondence with the British Commissioners
at Sierra Leone, the Havanna!), Rio de Janei-
ro, and Surinam ; and Class B contains the
Correspondence with Foreign Powers. To this
Head also, may be referred the extracts of
Correspondence between the Colonial Office
and the Governor of the Mauritius, on the State
of tire Slave Trade in that quarter, and on
the means adopted there for its suppression.--
A large collection of Papers, in continuation
of those presented in is also laid before
Parliament, in explanation of the measures
adopted by his Majesty's Government for welly-
' 'rating the condition of the Slave population in
the West Indies and adjacent British posses-
aiflos. The mere recital of these subjects suflice:.:
to shew that many matter; of deep interest must
be treated of in the papers hero mentioned. The
Commissioners tit Sierra Leone, Messrs. Gregory
end Hamilton (the former of whom, we regret to
say, has since died), furnish a valuable Report of
Colony.—_
the state of affairs in sod near that
Agriculture, within the limits of the Colony, does
not afford any article which may be given to the
merchant in exchange for European commodities,
but a profitable trade has been opened with tire
natives in the interior, and the timber trade has
Ilisn been cultivated with success. Meantime,
slave ships are still to be seen on the coast, must
of which are either French, Orwell provided with
a French mask, by means of which they elude
• the vigilance of the Engliali cruizers. At the
Havannah the increase of the Slave Trade ap-
pears to have been considerable ; the inhabitants
• la cissg mostly persuaded that the prosperity of
the island depends upon the continuance of the
teaffic. From Brazil and Surinam the accounts
aresnore favourable, and particular credit seems
dae to the Government of the Netherlands for
:.
