• The Duke of WELLINGTON explained.
The Marquis of NORMANBy, in reply, said he
did not feel deserving of the censure which had been
east upon him by the Noble Duke ; the Noble Baron
had been pleased to divide his censure amongst all who
had taken part in the debate, so that the best they
could do would be to divide it amongst them. He was
determined the experiment should have a fair trial,
mid therefore had hardly thought it necessary to state
that the Assembly would be again called together.
The Noble Baron had characterized his speech as
intemperate ; he would own he felt strongly .on the sub-
ject, as any one must feel who like himself had witnessed
the evils of slavery, and the impediments that were
placed by the Assembly in the way of placing the negro
in a state of security ; and yet he could not tax his re-
collection with a single expression which he was not pre-
pared again to make use of. He had great doubts as
to the course of conduct the House of Assembly would
think proper to adopt. Much had been said of the
ungracious conduct of his Noble Friend to the House
of Assembly, regarding the Prisons' Bill. He did not
consider such an accusation at all justified by his Noble
Friend's conduct.

Earl st VINCENT explained.
Lord BROUGHAM wished to put a question to the
Noble Marquis, connected with a subject that had
gone the round of all the vehicles of public intelli•
Renee in America, as well as Europe. It was said that
five slavers had been taken in South America—in Rio
Janeiro—on 25th March, where all on board were sold
to eight years slavery at the price of 51. a-head. He
(Lord Brougham) could not believe this to be true, and
be hoped the Noble Marquis would contradict it. He
had also been informed that a practice prevailed which
deserved immediate attention—negroes were taken
from those parts where slavery was abolished to those
where it existed and there apprenticed. He understood
that this practice prevailed particularly in Cuba.
The Marquis of NORMANBY said that he
received no information upon the subject alluded to by
the Noble Lord.

After a few observations from Lord WYNFORD,
that were inaudible in the gallery, the Bill was read a
second time and ordered to be committed.
COMMON PLEAS BILL.
The LORD CHANCELLOR moved the second
reading of the Common Pleas Bill.
Lord LANGDALE would not oppose the second
reading, although he regretted the Bill did not go further.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that the Bill
was founded on the Report of the Common Lacy Com-
tnissioners.

The Bill was then read a second time and ordered to
be committed.

The House then adjourned at Twenty Minutes past
Eight o'Clock.

HOUSE OF COIIIIIIOIVS, Jura 1.
The SPEAKER took the Chair a few minutes before
Four o'Clock.
The Deputy Usher of the Black Rod summoned
the House to the House of Lords to hear the Royal
Assent given to several Bills, for which see the Lords
Report.
On the motion of Mr. FRESHFIELD, Allison's
Divorce Bill was read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Mr. M. PHILIPS the Lords'
Am' ndments to the Manchester and Birmingham
Rldway Bill were agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. OSIVA.LD the Black Quarry,
or Anniesland Road Bill was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. PLUNIPTRE presented petitions against any
further grant to the College of Maynouth ; and one
praying that the soldiers in India might not be com-
pelled to attend idolatrous worship.
Mr. GILLON presented a petition from Falkirk
against any further endowments to the Church of
Scotland ; and a petition from the proprietors of a
coach running between Edinburgh and Dundee, com-
plaining of the unfair competition which they were ex-
periencing from their untaxed rivals, the Dundee and
Forfar Railway Company, and also from steam-vessels.
Lord GRIMSTON presented a petition from Hert-
ford praying for a tax on railroads.
Mr. WALLACE presented petitions from Edin-
burgh, and from various parts of Ireland, in favour of a
penny postage.

Mr. T. DUNCOMBF presented a similar petition
from the members of the Russell Institution ; and
Mr. G. KNIGHT a petition to the same effect
from Misterton (Nottinghamshire.)
Mr. MILLS presented a petition from the Bristol
and Gloucester Railway Company in favour of the
Government plan for establishing railroads in Ireland,
and regretting that it bad not been carried into effect.

COLONIES.
Sir S. LUSH L NGTON presented petitions from the
freeholders of St. Christopher's, Nevis, stating that an
Act of Parliament had passed for the better adminis-
tration of justice in the West Indies, and that the Le-
gislature of that Island had hitherto passed no Act to
carry the Imperial Act into execution, and they there-
fore prayed the House to take the matter into their
consideration.

EDUCATION.
Sir J. Y. BULLER presented a petition aginst the
Government scheme of education.
Mr. G. PALMER presented a similar petition from
Essex.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT presented a petition to the
same effect, adding that the last plan was as objection-
able, and more insidious, than the former.
Mr. HOPE presented a petition to the like effect,
from the Sunday-school teachers of Gloucester.
Mr. CLIVE and Mr. LOCKHART presented
similar petitions.

GLASGOW UNIVERSITY.
Sir J. GRAHAM presented a petition from the
Students of Glasgow University, stating that there were
500,000 persons in their country speaking Gaelic,
and asking that a professor of the language might be
appointed.

Sir C. BURRELL presented a petition from Turn.
pike Trustees of Horsham against the late Turnpike
Bill (we believe).

NEGLIGENCE OF COUNSEL.

Mr. II A RV E Y presented; petition from an Attorney
complaining of the precipitancy of a Learned Judge,
and the neglect of two Learned Counsel. The peti-
tioner stated that he was attorney for the plaintiff in a
case that stood for trial on Wednesday last ; that
when the case was called on neither of his Counsel
were present, on which occasion the Learned Judge
insisted the case should be withdrawn ; on which
the petitioner stated the Learned Counsel were then
coming across Guildhall, and would be there to open
the case instanter, but that his Lordship did not listen
to the observation, on which he requested to be
heard himself ; that his Lordship declined the request,
the consequence was that the trial was postponed till
next November, and large'and serious costs would be en-
tailed on his clients. He, therefore, suggested as a
remedy that when Counsel could not attend the
Attorney should be at liberty to proceed

had to say on that subject to a future occasion, but he
could not help expressing his opinion that the censure
of the Noble Duke on his Noble Friend had been
much too severe.

Lord ELLENBOROUGH entirely concurred with
every thing that had fallen from the Noble Duke as to
the speech of the Noble Marquis. The Noble Mar-
quis had said the measure should have a fair trial—now
his speech was calculated to deprive it of a fair trial,
it was impossible, after such charges had been brought
forward against the House of Assembly, that they
could proceed to legislate with that calmness and tem-
per which it was desirable they should adopt. He re-
gretted the language and tone adopted by the Noble
Marquis, and he also regretted the language and
tone adopted by .the Noble Baron opposite, though,
as he had now left the Colonial-office, it was of
less importance.—(Hear, hear. He regretted the
tone adopted on the other side of the House, and he
was not quite without regret at the tone which had
been adopted on his side of the House. The Noble
Earl and the Noble Viscount had been somewhat
too unqualified in their excuses for the conduct of the
House of Assembly. He had been present when
the Prisons Bill had been brought forward, and had
given that measure his support, because he was satis-
fied the time had arrived for legislating on the subject
in this country, in order to introduce a uniform system
into the West Indies. He did not think the conduct
of the house of Assembly could be altogether justified,
but he still was not of opinion that the circumstances
of the case justified the bringing forward such a mea-
sure as the Bill which had the other day been laid on
the table, and which had now been withdrawn. He
was anxious that the business of legislating for Jamaica
should be carried on by the present Assembly under
the existing Constitution. He felt the great difficulty
at the time the Emancipation Act passed of finding
fitting instruments for carrying on the Government in
the existing state, but he saw such advantage from
carrying on the Government by means of Constitu-
tional laws, and such perils from resorting to unconsti-
tutional expedients, that. ha was anxious such expe-
dients should not be resorted to. They could
not put down constitutional forms of Government
in other countries without suffering in this, as it
interrupted all trains of thought on all matters
connected with public liberty. A continued sus-
pension of constitutional Government would render a
return to it impossible. Arbitrary power made its own
continuation inevitable. He therefore objected to the
measure which was at first proposed, as being destruc-
tive of all constitutional Government. If the Consti-
tution were suspended for five years it would be
found impossible to revive it. They would find that
men of property were degraded, that the constituency
was changed, and that legislative interference would be
necessary for the protection of the whites. He re-
joiced at the abandonment of that measure, because he
was convinced that it would be destructive to the ex-
istence of liberty in that country, and prejudicial to it
in this. He regretted the tone in which the Noble
Marquis and the Noble Baron had spoken, as likely to
prejudice the success of the measure, as well as the
ultimate success of the great measure of negro eman-
cipation.
