TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We have received a. number of communications detailing the
rejoicings that have taken place in various parts of the
country. We shall duly attend to the favours of all our cor-
respondents at the earliest moment.
We have received the letter of Air. Pare, and the very strong
memorial in his favour frcm a number of magistrates, mer-
chants, and professional men of Birmingham, but cannot
possibly find room for them today.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning.-- 4 minutes after 11 1 Evening 0 minutes after P.

1 ;Al , •-•:,,,,,
zevp. V.--• -,:f:-4t"..- 1,..'e. ~r-t) , sto
4.3 '?.44,A,.- Cri'‘,.. ,'krl-Z'',;,.)) ijty-• ~...,-.
*V ~;:a% - .---oiege-L.14-,-, -.3-,:4

6175 C 4)
(4, t

LONDON:
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1840.

The Lords did net meet yesterday.
In the Commons a question arose as to lithographed
petitions, which, on the recommendat'on of the Speaker,
are to be considered as printed petitions, and by a stand-
ing order of the House printed petitions are not to be
received.
The Vagrants' Removal Bill was read a second time,
as was, after a short debate and a division, promoted by
Mr. DIVETT, the Tithe Commutation Act Amendment
Bill. The numbers on the division were 77 to 21.
Sir E. KNATCHEULL, IVIIO has charge of the Bill, though
it is brought in with the concurrence of the Govern-
ment and the Tithe Commissioners, stated that he
should not oppose a motion to send it to a Select Com-
mittee.
Mr. GILLON'S Spirit Licensing Bill for Sectland was
thrown out, on the second reading, by 62 to 42.
In a Committee of Supply a short conversation took
place on the vote of 4,000,0001. more last year than
was intended, or a double vote of 4,000,0001., from
which it appears that the Ministers might have issued
4,000,0001. more Exchequer Bills than they actually
issued. Such an instance of forbearance, though the
power might have originated in a mistake is, we believe,
unexampled.
Sir H. FLEETWOOD'S motion for an address to the
Crown, to direct the engineers, appointed in consequence
of the address of August 14, to inquire into the merits
of the Railway from Preston to Fleetwood, was with-
drawn, and the House adjourned at a few minutes after
Seven o'Clock.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S remarks on the case of Tiro-
ROGOOD, and in respect of Church-rates,- have caused
in us, and will cause generally, we believe, in the Libe-
ral public, surprise and regret. His Lordship seems
almost to have caught the spirit of the Times, and was
disposed to srmr at TironocooD, while he spoke with
unction of the Church in a ma,-trier almost worthy of
that apostate and profligate Journal. That he should
require persons to obey the law is proper to his situa-
tion, but it is equally proper that he should first of all
make the law just.
Whatever may be Lord Jon& RUSSELL'S present
op'nion, his own attempts, and the attempts of the
Ministry, to alter and abolish Church-rates, are to us
substantial proofs that the law, which he blamed THO-
ROGOOD for not cheerfully obeying, is an unjust law,
which a man is not bound to obey, except as the public
force may make it a matter of prudence not even to
attempt resistance. Lord Jour/ RUSSELL and his
friends, in consequence of the strentu, us exertions of the
priest party, were unable to carry tb:ough their well-
deiised scheme to relieve the Dissenter.' from Church-
rates. They exist now, therefore, only by the au-
thority of the Tories, and Lord JoErtz RUSSELL
will hardly, on reflection, expect alrjis follovrers,

(includin; the Catholics in Ireland and the Dissenters in
")i:Jugland, to submit to the domination of the Tories.
That, however, is what in f'tct be recommends as a duty,
when he blames THOP.OGOOD for Fs honest resistance
to Church-rate law.

That the Whigs have been ioflueoced on this subject
by the heartless jibes of the Tory press, we will not
assert ; but if they bad, Lord Joins RusseLL could
scarcely, we think, have treated it more cavalierly.
He is a member of the Church of England, and prizes
highly its doctrines. He regards them as the sources
of morality, and the means of eternal life. He deems
the Anglican priesthood to be teachers of truth, and
patterns of go-Killen. He wishes their doctrines to be
followed, anal their exsmple imitated. The Dis-
senters take a different view. They say that the ex-
ample of the Anglican priesthood is to be avoided, and
their doctrines discredited. By their very existence as
Dissenters, they deny that the Anglican priests are mo-
dels of goodness and teachers of truth. The Dissenters
regard the Anglican priesthood,with their arrogant assumF-
tion of power, as the corrupters of the national morality,
and the doctrines of the Church, as not showing the
way to salvation. On these grounds, and no others, are
they Dissenters. One and all, they are religious men,
and they would not peril their souls by dissent, except
from solemn and well-Weighed convictions.
It is not, therefore, the amount of the Church-rates
which they care for, but the principle. For them the
establishment of the Church is a brand of inf. riority.
It designates their creed and their discipline as less
worthy than those of the Churchmen. It stigmatizes
their doctrines as false, and their morality as imperfect.
They justly object to that ; but when, in addition, those
who cl Jim this superioriiy for their faith proceed to tax
them, Church-rates become a badge of slavery. It frets
and galls the more because it is maintained from pride
by a party which scoffs at Dissenters, and which is
equally the enemy of genuine religion and of civil
liberty. Lord JOHN RUSSELL must have forgotten
all these considerations, when he blamed JOHN
THOROGOOD -for not paying the rate, and for prefer-
ring—though he relied, probably, on the promises of
the Ministers, and expected justice from his country—
to suffer imprisonment for a short time.
A man in THOROG3OD'S situation is exposed to more
hardships than incarceration. If he, spurning the in-
sulting slavery of the priesthood, take his measures
calmly and coolly, first going before the Civil Court,
and then refusing obedience to the Ecclesiastical Court,
he is accused of seeking notoriety, of being animatsd by
some selfish motive, and as having forsaken his last to
set up for a mender of the State. If he be a noisy,
ranting enthusiast, who appeals loudly to the public,
then he is stigmatized as a quack or a hypocrite, who
makes his religious feelings a pretence to work on the
compassion or excite the admiration of ethers. He
must suffer much public odium, therefore, in addition to
imprisonment, and those who should listen to his com-
plaints in Parliament, and redress his grievances,
deride his sufferings. For him there is no alter-
native but much suffering, mental and bodily—
or submission. He cannot help himself, the public will
not help him, and the Legislature mocks at him.
Composed of a great majority of Churchmen it says
the Church Establishment is good, it insists on men
loving and obeying the Church, and it enforces obedi-
ence by Ecclesiastical Courts. Sir ROBERT INGLIS
naturally praised Lord JOHN RUSSELL because Lord
JOHN enforced obedience to the law, which brands the
Dissenters with inferiority, and gives a power and au-
thority to the Church which its doctrines neither de-
serve nor command.

We are not surprised, we admit, that Lord Joint
RUSSELL should be a &cited supporter of the Esta-
blished Church. He has been bred up in its doctrines.
He has been taught, and probably believes, that it is an
instrument for promoting civil order, as well as for
securing salvation. At present civil order is threatened,
and it is not improbable that he looks to the exertions
of the priesthood to win hack the, people to their an-
cient habits. In the Peers, Lord MELBOURNE deferred
to the Bishop of EXETER, and the Marquis of Non.-
MANDY brought atout the dismissal of Mr. PARE. If
the Ministers do not mean, as we hope and believe
they do not, to support the motion for more Church, it
is evident that they are resolved not to impugn the
Church. We can scarcely blame them. The advocates of
the Church are stirring, active, and' combined. The anti-
Churchmen are dilatory, disunited, and lethargic. They
appear almost extinct as a party. We hear continually of
the Church, but seldom of its opponents. The Minis-
ters, therefore, can hardly be expected to take any
measures contrary to the wishes of the Church or to
zealous in helping those who will not help them-
selves : but the less hope there is that the Ministers
will do aught against the Church, the more urgent is
the necessity for the Press aad the anti-Church party
to exert themselves in order to resist its arrogant
claims.

The details of the highly important news which we
yesterday published from Canton to the 7th of Novern_
ber, ere of very subordinate interest. On the 20th o
October a sort of convention was agreed to by Superin
tendent ELLIOT, and the high Commissioner LIN, for
carrying on the British trade outside the Bacca
without any necessity of signing the new Chinese Be'ond,
which subjects a ship to seizure and confiscation, and
all on board to capital punishment, on the discovery of a
quantity less by one-eighth than two °Aces of opium !
a quantity that would be requisite for the supply
of a ship's medicine chest, and which any of the Chi-
nese searchers could easily manage to secrete on board,
and thus secure to the Government the confiscation; of
the vessel and cargo ! Bat this convention was of short
duration. The Thomas Coutts and the Royal Saxon,
both British vessels, regardless of the national honour,
haviag gone up to Whampoa, and signed the obnoxious
bond, the HIGH COMMISSIONER seized the crews as
hostages, and cancelled the convention, commanding
all British vessels to follow their example, or in three
days to expect total destruction. This led to a de-
mand of explanation on the part of Superintendent
ELLIOT at the Bogue, when the Hyacinth andl the
Volage sloops of war were surrounded by 29 Chinese
war junks, with the manifest intention of making them
prisoners. Each junk contained irom 140 to 200
Chinese ; but after an engagement of half an hour six
of them were sunk, and the rest sheered off as fast as
they could. Had it not been for superintendent Elliot,
who would not suffer Captain Smith of the Volage to
continue firing, more than half of them would have gone
to the bottom. It was calculated that they lost at the
least 900 men.

As for Superintendent ELLIOT, every fresh account
from Cantcn only serves to convince us that he is to-
tally disqualified for the office which he now fills us
Superintendent of the British trade. How mortifying
to the national character must it be to contrast his va-
dilating, timid conduct with that of the gallant ANSON
in those waters, with no more than, one leaky, disabled
ship of war at his disposal. Superintendent ELLIOT
appears throughout a compound of rashness and timidity,
of bravado and caution, which would better become a
Chinese Mandarin than a British officer representing
the SOVEREIGN Of the British people.

The Bombay Gazelle of the Ist of January corn
mints on intelligence from England, announcing the
arrival at Malta of a number of French officers on their
way to Persia, to replace the British officers recently in
the service of the SCHAII. As we commented at great
length on the circumstance at the time the French
officers were en their journey from Paris to Erzeruns,
where en unfortunate accident interrupted the harmony
between the officers in question and the Persian Em-
bassy, we should not think it worth while to notice the
article in the Bombay Gazette, did it Rot entirely cor-
roborate the views which we then expressed as to the
change which it indicated in the councils of Persia. But
we cannot agree with our Anglo-Indian contemporary
that such a circumstance, though it ought to render us
more circumspect, gives us any right of making the
matter a formal ground of complaint. The SCITAH, in
disciplining his troops, may make choice of the officers
of any naticn of whose military tactics he approves, and
dismiss.them when he thinks proper, without subjecting
himself to the chances of war.
The following article from the same Journal is still
mere important, and at the same time equally confir-
matory of statements made more than a month ago in
the leading columns of The Sun. Such of our readers
as remember how distinctly and emphatically we an-
nounced the real aject of Russia in sending an army
to attack hhiva, and how we afterwards coupled that
event with the first account of hostile appearances at
Herat, will he struck with the Following article from
the Bombay- Gazette of the Ist of January—the very
day when Russia announced the starting of the Khivan
Expedition :
HERA T AND THE RUSSIANS.

A letter from Candahar, of the 28th of Octob, r, re-
ceived by us en Saturday, states that an express bad
arrived there from Herat, bringing intelligence that
Yar Mahommed, the Prime Minister, had threat-
ened to kill Todd, and the whole of the Bri-
tish there," if they did not take themselves off
forthwith. As the Yar is said to be King do facto,
and does just as he pleases with the old sot Kam-
ran, this threat of his may be more than mere
bravado ; especially as he has finished it off with
declaring that be does not care for our three lass a year,
for that the Russians will give him twelve.* Coupling
this hint with the fact of the Russian advance upon Kbiva,
and prospectively to Balk, it h no great wonder that our
Envoy is rather uneasy on his political bed, which, uuder

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1840.

44. host circumstances, coald not, for a long time to come
be that :
Bed of peace, whose roughest part
I. but the crumbling of the roses.'
Neither the English nor the Indian Government have a
right to a word in objection to the Autocrat's now-re-
ported, and we believe truly reported, movement ; for
there is no doubt of the maltreatment of his subjects by the
Khivances; and although it has been a matter of
perpetration for these several years past, and taken
no notice of by the St. Pctcrsborgh Cabinet till now ;
still, the long forbearance does not give us the
slightest right to oppose this late appeal to arm for redress
and prevention, albeit it shows plainly that the principal
object can be no other than to give those cordial and skilful
enemies of ours a footing in the direction, and indeed
neighbourhood, of our present scene of operations, in such
a form as leaves us no diplomatic ground to proceed against
the visit. They will not, of course, do aught that can
justly occasion any rupture with us for the present ; as they
are well aware that with their Ambassador at the Court of
Bokhara and their army at his back, they can keep our
whole frontier in a state of continual unsettledness, and
render it impossible for us to withdraw from Central Asia
without risking its almost immediate disruption.
* We further learn that. the Yar's son, or Kamran's sons
(for the syntax warrants either construction) have been made
by the Princes to fly from Herat; and that they had attacked
and plundered a large cafila going from Candahar to Herat with
goods and money to our political mission there; and had killed
numbers of the people composing the party, and sold the rest
for slaves.

The Paris Journals of Tuesday have all been re-
ceived. On Monday M. HENNEQUIN, the Carlist
lawyer and Deputy, died in that capital, to the great
regret of the party to which he belonged. We ob-
serve in the National the unusual circumstance of the
getting up of popular petitions against the proposed
dotatioli to the Duke de NEMOURS. In this novel
course the inhabitants of Strasburg have been the first
to set an example to the rest of France. Of
political news the only" important item is, that the
Russian Ambassador has denied, in the name
of Government all connection with M. Duaatin, the
editor of the Capitate, since he gave up the editing of
the Journal de Frankfort. This denial was accepted
by Marshal SOULT, who declared that there was nothing
in the papers seized at the House of M. DURAND to
cast a suspicion on the loyalty of the Imperial Cabinet.

Intelligence from Athens, of the 18th, confirms our
previous accounts that the agents of the Anglo-Grecian
Banking Company, having failed in their mission, were
on the point of quitting that capital. The conspiracy
was still the all-absorbinc, topic of conversation. Up-
wards of 50 persons had' been arrested, and amongst
others NIKETAS, CAPO D'ISTRIAS, COLLADRUZZOS,
VA L LIANOS, RIGUERIS, RANGOS, and two or three
members of the clergy.
Letters from Malta of the Ist inst. have arrived by
express. They state that the Rhadamanthus arrived
there on the 24th from Venda. Sir R. STOPFORD had
left for Malta, owing to ill-health. He would be re-
placed by Rear-Admiral Sir John Louis, then f,at Malta.
The accounts from Madrid are of the 3d inst., but
they are wholly unimportant. The funds were sta-
tionary, the Fives being at 281 for cash.
The Sentinelle des Pyrenees, of the Bth of Feb. has
the following news :
" A letter from the Frontiers, of the 6th, says that the
Spanish Carbineers have seized on the frontier a corre-
spondence of the Carlist Agent in foreigneountrics, in which
a great number of persons are implicated.
In consenuence of this seizure several arrests have taken
place at Ilampeluna. Among the persons arrested is
Iturria, who enjo)s considerable influence in Navarre;
Lanz, formerly Governor of Vera, who lately returned to
Spain, and took the oath to the Queen's Government,
doubtless fearing to experience the same fate, has just taken
refuge in the French territory.
In the Monitcur we find an official announcement of
the appointment of M. GUIZOT to the London Embassy
by a Royal Ordinance dated the 9th instant. We
likewise learn that the Chamber of Deputies intends
to reduce the grant to the Duke DE NEMOURS from
500,000 to 300,000 francs, in imitation of the conduct
of the English House of Commons.
'rite National contradicts the reported evacuation of
Passages by the English.
The following are extracts from the French Papers :

The report; of-Marshal Valee, which are rather laconic and
dry, neglect certain details with which the private letters after-
wards acquaint us. Thus our correspondent at Algiers informs
us that in the late march of the Arabs across the Mitidja, a
farm, till then untouched, was burnt, and two husbandmen,
being surprised at their work, were beheaded at the distance of
three leagues from the City. Flocks have been carried off in
broad daylight, still nearer to the city. The effect of these
misfortunes is to make people exclaim, right or wrong, against
the negligence of the Marshal, who seems to care little about
it. He is said to intend immediately to occupy Miliana, and
this is presumed to be the cause of the great movement of
troops which is now taking place.
A paper= of this morning has the following paragraph :
Lord Granville yesterday delivered to the King a letter an-
nouncing that his Court had received the notification of the ap-
pointment of a new Ambassador.
This letter, expressing the regret which the Queen feels at
the departure of General Sebastiani from London, contains, at
the same time, the assurance that his successor will be honour-
ably received by the British Cabinet.
A dispute has arisen at Alexandria between the Viceroy
and the Consuls of foreign powers on the subject of the quaran-
tine. The Viceroy, taking into consideration that the Board of
Health in Turkey was constituted in such a manner as to give
all necessary security for the regularity of the service, had or-
dered the suppression of the quarantine for vessels running
from Turkey with clean bills of health. The Consuls had
thought it their duty to protest against this measure ; and an
animated correspondence took place between them and Boghor,
Bey Meliernet's Minister ; and, after some explanation, it ap-
peared that there was a misapprehension on the part of the
Consuls, who thought that Mehemet Ali wished to suppress
all quarantine, whereas he merely made some modification in
the regulations.—Le Constittaionnel.
Bo UR S E.....-PAIttS, TUESDAY, FEB 11.
. -

first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
French 5 per Cents ll2 90 ... 112 95 .., 111 85 ... I '2 95
45, per Cents lO6 .., 108 ... 108 ... 106
4 per Cen,i lO4 ..,, .04 ... 104 ... 101
3 per Cents Bl 65 .. 31 70 ... 81 60 ... 81 70
Bank of evince • 3160 ...3165 ...3163 ...3162 50
Lattitte Bank I,ooof. Sh 1055 —.1055 ...1055 ...I 55
5,000 f. Oh 52 0 ...5200 ...519i ...5.:60
United States Bank Loan leo ... No ... 100 ... 10,1
helgian Bank 955 ... 055 ... 9l) ... 912 53
5 per Cents
Spanish Active
Passive 7 ... 71,4 ... 7 ... 71,,i
Portuguese 3 per Cents 234( ... :2314 ... 43N ... 23A
Nre.olitan
Roman lilt ... 103 ... 102% ... 102%
RAILWAY SHARES.

St. “ermai a 625 .., 6:25_. ... an ... 635
Versailles, It. 11 s'o ... 535 ... ,5:41 ... 535
L.B 375 ... 380 ... 3"it? 53 ... 3811
Orleans ..
Strasburg to Bale 350 ... tV,‘, 53 ... :15!) ... 352 50
ASPII A LTES AND BIIU .itENS.
Yarn (Moberly's)
DUTCH FUNDS,—AMSTERDAM, FEB. IL
Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 214 per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
Anion Syndic, 4l per cent 92% 112%
Ditto, ditto, ..”' per cent 76 iv ' 77
Commercial Company, 4!5 per cent 1744 175
Ditto (163:2 and 15.33) 5 per cent. ...... IIOOIA 10 4i
I),tto 1337. 5 per cent.
Loan 1537, 5 ger cent.
..... 003 97
Exchange on London, One month l2
Two months
--Dutch Papers, Feb. 12.
BELGIAN I! UNDS—Bat'esne, FEB. 11.
Actual Debt, 234 per Cent.
Itothrchild's Loan, 5 per Colt lOl
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 peffent. 92
---------- 3 per Cent. 70%
Loan of City, 1332, 4 per Cent l6
Society of Commerce, 41„; per Cent lO7
• Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent .......... .....,. : 13%
National Society . —
Exchange on London (short)
.-...
....Brussels Papers, Feb. 11.

THE ARMY EsTINIA.TEs —The total charge for ef-
fective service from April I, 1840 to M trch 31, 1841,
for 121,112 officers and men is 4,814,2511. Of this
sum the India Company defrays 894,1551. 74,643/. have
already been provided for by appropriations in aid, leav-
ing to be provided 3,845,430/. The whole charge for
non-effective service, comprising 83,871 persons, for tLa
year between April 1840 and April 1841 is 2,317,347/.
of which only 17,510/ by appropriations in aid have been
presided for. The number of men in the present year in
the effective service, of all ranks. more than last year,
is 11,294, of which 7.746 are in the East Indies. The
probable increase of expense for the effective service, for
the ensuing, above the charge of last year, is 38,377 d.
But there is a considerable diminution of the charge for
the non-effective service, making, on the whole, a de-
cre2se of amount to be provided for the ensuing year
as compared to the last year, including the supple-
mental 75,0001., estimate then voted, of 31,271/.

We (the Ipswich _Express) have been informed
of a very singular circumstance which occnrred some time since
at Rushmere near Ipswich, where a Wesleyan local preacher
actually interred a child in the churchyard, according to his
mEuecelhesi alarmedastical Censure when
own peculiar views. The Clergyman was fully aware
of the fact, but suffered the matter to pass by. The
and
punishment. It appears that he was utterly ignorant of com-
mitting any breach of Church order, and thought he was only
in-
formedlVeslen he
had preacher,
sttbi e
:: however,te himself was
to
performing his duty.
THE IRISH JUDGES.—Not only are the jails in
Ireland deserted, and the calender a blank, but we learn from
the Limerick Chronicle that three of the Learned Ju lges, who
arc quite well enough to appear regularly on their respective
benches in the Metropolitan Courts, have declined going the
circuit. Indisposition and the weight of years may have partly
fixed them in this determination ; but if their presence at their
posts were rendered necessary by the state of the country, they
would doubtless forego every consideration of personal incon-
venience, and be found moving about in the path of duty.
Chronicle.

BANEFUL EFFECTS •OF THE CORN-LAWS.-
Several of the hand-loom weavers of Wigan commenced
their labours en Sunday evening last before the Christmas Sab-
bath had expired ; and one, in the vicinit}, we und.rstand,
worked at his loom during divine service. This they were
obliged to do to get their work in on the Monday, or their
would probably have been without meat during the
greater part of the week.—Preston Observer.

,JIONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.
CITY TWELVE O'CLOCK.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, WEDNESDAY —The sales
of Cotton this day are 3,000 hies at Friday's prices.

The Sheridan, New York packet ship, has arrived at
Liverpool, bringing New York papers to the 26th ult.
PHILADELPHIA, JAN. 24, P.M.—The prices of Stocks
has receded still farther to. day, owing, I believe, entirely
to the wild project brought before the Legislature of our
State, and the uncertainty of the result of the different
propositions. Sales at the second Board, 50 shares of
United States Bank, 85 ; after the Board, 25 shares
United States Bank, 811, seven days, flat ; 50 ditto, 844,
sellers next week.

We have received Montreal Papers to the 21st January.
They contain no news.

The Dutch mail has arrived of the date of the 12th Feb.,
bringing the Amsterdam prices of the 12th—Two and
a Half per Cents., 52 9-16 to ; Five per Cents., 98k.
The Two and a Half per Cents. came 4 per cent. lower.
Ardoin's Spanish, 24 1-16.

The Bombay Paper of the 23d December states a report
that Sir John Keane expired at Ferozepore on the 10th
of that month. Sir Foster Fitzgerald has been anointed
his successor.

We have just heard that the Tyrian, for Valparaiso,
was struck by the steamer Manche; ter off Gravesend, this
morning, and went down-4 of the crew and one pas-
senger drowned.
