too. 7 „ _
4 - .Y 7' i)rri()N.

COUItT CIRCULAR.

i WINDSOU, SUSI) tY.---The Ho:i. l'lliss Ans.:m, Lady
Gatlfin,•r, nod th,- Fl,,n Cilarles A. .."Atirry, :I.le.ndcil
ID;vint, S',,r,ic,!• ;,t St. G-orie,,'s ChA!..I this mornne.
Toe Q,cen, aiteilded by La;ly Barham, ik.4;l;ed for
s4;ii, tieo,• on tit,. tcrrice of the Castle yesterday.
1 The Hon. Coiunei CiTk'N ariived yesterday a rh.)
' Castle, and has relieved Lord Alfred' Paget in the
duties of equerry in waiting on her Majesty. Lord
Allred took his departure yesterday.
Lady a.rliam, Lady Gardiner, and others of the
Royid Suite, attended Divine Service at St. George's
Chapel this evening.
The Royal dinner party yesterday evening, in-
cluded her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Vis-
count Melbourne, Right Hon. G. S. Byng, Hon. W.
Cowper, Hon. W. Ponsonby, Lasky Barham, Hon.
l Miss. s Anson and Paget, Lady F. Howard, Lady G:.r-
-' diner, B.irone,s Lehzen, Lord Lilford, Colonel Arm-
I strong, Hon. Colonel Grey, and the Hon. Charles A.
I Murray.
Her Attjesty has not gone out to-day.
The excellent little Band of the Rdles attended at
1 the Castie on Friday night, and played the folfoising
'' pieces :—March ; Overture, " Fideiio," (Beethoven) ;
! 'Windsor Castle Quadrilles, ( Weipart) ; Valsr , " L. s
deoelles de Bruxelles" (Strauss) ; a!iil,,p (Sir,iuss) ;
Mazu;ka (Wi. kb) ; Pas redonb:e. " La's 111.10e1101.S"

.Her Majesty the Queen Dowager and Her Royal
Highness the Princess Augusta attended divine a rvic.
yesterday morning in the Chapel Royal, St. Jame,'s.
The sermon was preached by the Rev. C. Moore. The
lessons were read by the Rev. Dr. Wesley ; the prayers
by the Rev. W. J. Hall ; and the c.-anrounion service
was read by the Rev. W. J. Hall and the Rev. Dr.
Wesley. The anthem ",Awake, awake, put on thy
strength" (Wise), was sung by Messrs. J. B Sale
Hawkins, and Hobbs. Sir George Smart pmided at
the organ.
The Queen Dowager was attended by the Countess
.of Sheffield, the Hon. Miss Mitchell, and the Hon,
/4,1:;.is Hudson. Miss Vyse was in waiting on the Prin-
cess Augusta. The. Marquis of Normanby, the Earl
of Sheft;eld, and several other Peeps attended the service
The Queen Dowager visited the Duchess of Glou-
cester at Gloucester House on Saturaay. Her Majesty
afterwards drove to Kensington.
The Princess Augusta took an air:ng on Saturday in
a carriage and, four.
The Marquis of Bute, Earl of Oxford, Lord Seater),
Lord Fitzroy Somerset, Captain Armstrong, Mr. L.
Horner, and Mr. Phillipps (of Newport), had inter
views with the Marquis of Normanby on Saturday at
tbe Home•office.
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat on
Saturday. Mr. Wigram, Queen's Counsel, was heard
for the Appellant in Cropper v. Crosby, from St. Vin-
cent. Lord Brougham gave judgment on the part of
their Lordships, directing the Order of the Court below
to be reversed, and the injunction to be dissolved.
The Queen's Advocate, and Mr. Burge, Queen's
Counsel, were heard for the appellant, and Mr. Pem-
berton, Queen's Counsel, Dr. Addams, and Mr. Ren-
nalls appeared for the Respondent, in an appeal from
the Court of Ordinary, in Jamaica, Israeli v. Rodon.
Sir Herbert Jenner gave judgment on the part of
their Lordships. The Court then rose.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and
Lady Cecilia Underwood, arrived on a visit to the Earl
of Scarborough, at Sandbeek Park, Yorkshire, on
Thursday last, from Hornby Castle, where his Royal
Highness had been staying on a visit to the Duke and
Duchess of Leeds.

BADMINTON, SATURDAY.—Extensive prepa
rations are being made for the reception of their Reyal
ellighnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who
arc expected on Monday evening or Tuesday morning,
accolopenied by Prince George and the Princesses Au-
gusta atiei Mary.
The Duke and Duchess of Richmond, and the
Lord and Ladies Lennox, have arrived in town from
Gordon Castle, Fochaber, Scotland. having left that
splendid seat on Tuesday last. The Noble Duke
and Duchess, with their family, will pass the approach-
ing Christmas at Goodwood Park, Sussex.
Sir Watkin and Lade Wynn will pass the
Christmas at Wynnstay, Denbighshire.
The Prince and Princess of Capua have given
up their mansion in Belgrave-square, intending to reside
alt an hotel. It is said, and we believe with some
foundation, that there is a prospect of a reconciliation
between the Prince and his brother, the King of Naples.
.. CHRISTENING OF VISCOUNT HINCHIN
noxE.—The infant son of the Earl and Countess of
Sandwich was christened a few days since et the
tomily seat, Hincbinbroke House, Huntingdonshire.
Ilie Marquis Lordi of Anglesey, Lady Ade-
laide Paget, Templeton, Earl Cadogan, Lady
Templeton, and a numerous family party, were present
at the ceremony.
DEATH OF LADY C. S. CHURCHILL.—We
regret to bear of the death of the Lady of Lord C. S.
Churchill, second son of the Duke of Marlborough,
which took place on Friday last. The deceased Lady.
who was a daughter of Mr. John Bennett, late M.P. for
South Wilts, was toarrie.d to his Lordship the 24th Au-
gust. 1827.
FESTIVITIES AT CASTLE HILL.--The Earl
and Countess of Fortescue have been entertaining d
a
fai.vily circle at the above seawben Viecount Ebrington,
t. The Countess entere
her 80th year on Saturday,
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland ; Lord and Lady Eliza-
beth Courtenay, the Hon. Newton and Lady Catharine
Fellowes, Hon. George and Lady Louisa Forteseue,
lion. John Fortescue, Sir Thomas Dyke Aviand,
Bartto
~
Lady King, &c., were among the guests assembled
celebrate the happy event. On Tuesday Viscount Eb-
ringtoo, accompanied by his son, the Hon. John For-
testate, took his departure for Bristol, where his Excel-
(ac sir intended to have embarked on the following day
for• dee seat of his government.
TI::, Dowager Countess of Sefton and the Ladies
Molyneux have arrived in town from Stoke Yarn'',
where the Cu'ntitees and daughters have been residing
in retirement sin.ee the demise of the late Earl. Her
Ladyship's town neension in Arlington-sire,t has un-
dergone reepair during the
a thorough absence of the
family in Bucks.
Viscountess Burghe;sll has left town on a vitit
to the Duke of Wellington et Strathrieldsaye, Hants.
The Marchioness of Queenshery left the
Brunswick Hotel, Hanover-square. on Saturday, for
Brighton.
The Marquis of Waterford, accompanied by his
brother, Lord William Beresford, left the Cevendish
Hotel, Jermyn-street, on Saturday, for itulten
Mowbray.
The Earl of Coventry is staying at c reome,
Worcestershire.
' The Earl Delawarr is entertaining company at
his magnificent seat, Buckhurst Park, in Sussex.. Lord
. and Lady De Ros, Mr. and Sir J. Peel, the Rev. H.
:end Mrs. Buckley, are arrived there from Brighton.
Rearl Cantilupe is also sojourning with his family.
Ott Friday, as four horses belonging to Mr. La
Coste, banker at Chertsey, Surrey, were engaged in
drawing a barge up the river, near that town, owing
to the ex ,retnely wet state of the towing path, arising
from the lute floods, the fore-horse slipped, and, on re
covering itself, turned round in an alarmed state to-
wards the other three, when tl4e whole of them
fell ff
the bank into the Thames. Every endeavour was in-
straitly made to save them, bur unfortunately without
ytffeet, and the whole of them perished.
The commission upon the abolition of slavery in
the French colonies has conic to the following resolu-
tions.:-1. That in the Sossion of 1841 a Bill shall be
. introduced to determine the period for the general and
- simultaneous abolition of slavery. 2. That the Bill
shall fix the indemnit ' of the owners, which is to be
refunded to the state Out of the wages of the emanci-
pated slaves. n
t
3• 'That
tth e Bill shall fix the bases of a
regulation to render labour of the elates certain. to
enlighten and moralize them, emit to prepare them for
free labour.
I, HONOURABLE ARTILLERY COMPANY.--
/
The unnual Court for the election
transaction of ordinary business wasot. officers and the
evening at the Court-house, in Artillerythe)ela
Finsbury-square, about 300 members
The principal change in the office oil Thursday
b-ground,
rs Was theTningpresent.
ment of Mr. Pugh, for twenty-five years the su retire-
quartee:
the corps, into the veteran company. A pine rofeoln of
to the value of fifty guineas, was unanimousty awardediP'
e to that gentleman, and Mr. Cooper was unanimously
elected in his place. The site of the original
of the London Militia, at the entrance to the ground:
' in Bunhill-row, having been granted for the new church,
which has recently been consecrated, the sum of 6,5 e.
was voted for its embellishment. A discussion ensued
on the propriety of making this corps a more effective
body in case its services were required, in which the
junior members appeared to take much interest. Tne
1 meeting was harmonious, and broke up about twelve
o'clock by the company singing the national anthem.
A paragraph has been going the round of the
. •
l enamels, stating that Lord G.lrdiner still retained hie
Abah-share of the Quorn hounds. The hounds are the
s:le,peoperty of Mr. T. Hodgson.
' 4E LATE BISHOP OF LICHFIELD.—The
1,.
1 mortal reh.
.inns of the bite Dr. Butler, Bishop of Lich-
fiehi, are to be. intilrred in the vault constructed. some
time back, by 1,:q.! Rev. Prelate's directions, in the
church of St. wry, Sllirewsbury, on Thursday next.
SEIZUiTt Or GOol;,ii
g FOR CHURCH-RATES,
• Vestry Clerk of the
84c.—°" SdtUr:a4.l' Mr. sires, . .i by Br tad
parish of Allhallows %Ale Great, iiiee:')lnP37 ,
se
~
the officer, from thi. Mansion •house, .seieeel rom.,
,J.,,-'
lurl>t
Cooper and Co., Laurence Pou:.tney.44oo, Ilm-!'"
.ire
to the value of 311. 45., the proci..°4o,of whielt
% mainly claimed tokeards the payment of the 'live§ 0
the Rec. Andrew S . Vincent, the non-reeident le'etc's
of Allhallows the Great, and the Rev. James I.)sellarny.
Head :latster of the Merchant 'tailors' Qraw4nar
School, and Rector of St. Mary Abchurcb.
50r....................-...................wriwag
