DEITCH PAPERS.

NECICITATEL, DEC- 22.—Last night the Chief
oC the Douaniers at Bienne passed through here
without stopping. The people
.at. Bienne bad
broken open his bureaus, and burnt his. papers.
Our Governor, Mr. Lesperut, is still here, but it
is said will soon leave us. Great events are every
moment expected'.
BAMBERG, DEC. 29.—0 n the 23d instant the
National Civards, of the 3d Claw," offered them.:
selves at Munich, tor the defence of the country.
A Russian courier has just passed through here,
'carrying orders to the troops. of liis lotion, who
are still in the rear, to hasten their advance to the

FI:ANKFORT, JA'l4. I.—Yesterday was a day of
rejoie:.ng for this city, in consequence of a Go-
vernment, after our old model, "having entered on
its fuuctions under the high protection of the Al-
lied Powers.

Yesterday a Proclamation to the following
effect was issued in the name of the Senate and
City Colleges
c, When, -on the 19th of August, ISOII, we
communif.:ated to our faow-citizens the sad in-
formation, that an irresistible will had put a pe-
riod to the freedOm of this city, we st,ill solaced
ourselves with the thought, that no misconduct
of our's had brought upon us that misfortune;
and that a wise Providence, who regulates at his.
pleasure the devices of men, would sooner or later
terminate that calamity. The wished-for period
has now arrived; the Allied Powers have deter-
mined that this city shall resume her former con-
stitution and government this day was held the
first sitting of our City Magistrates, at which an
extraordinary concourse of the Burghers was as-
sembled. With sound and unsophisticated Ger-
man hearts, and with an active zeal for promot-,
Mg the general good, qualities which, in former
times, di3tinguished the citizens of Frankfort, and
led them to make the greatest sacrifices in difficult
circumstances, we trust -e shall s►il,l continue to
merit the high protection of the Allies; while at
the same time, by a well-grounded City Govern-
ment, and the zeal.of every citizen, commerce and
the arks may revive, and_ flourish as in former pe-
riods."

ROTTERDAM, JAN.7.—The following is an ex-
tract of a letter from Altana, date'd Dec.-28 :—.—

1 have just effect-A Wy escape frou► Haut-

burgh, and hasten to giveyou some description
of. the .horrible
.situation of that city. I want
words, however, to represent the miseries which
the inhabitants endure, awl which -are so great,
that death itself is preferable to living; under' such
intolerable slavery. Picture to yourself thou-
sands of men, women, and children, driven out of
this city, with the wretched remains of their pro-
perty ; and why ?—merely beCause they cannot
purchase, at their own cost, provisions for six
months,- which, from the high price of grain and.
meat, it is scarcely possible even for the affluent to
do. It is said, that not more than from 12 to
.15,000
inhabitants will remain in the city. Yesterday
20,000 people were driven ,out of the city. God
only knows what will become of them. All the
suburbs have beenbUrned. Ham, Eimsbuttcl, and
Schutterblatt, are in ashes, and their unfortunate
inhabitants are now a prlty to hunger and want.—
At the moment 1- Write, all the'Harnburgher-Berg
is in flames ; the .-sight of it fills me with horror,
and makes niy' blood run cold."'
Accounts from Frankfort mention, that thelst
regiment of the'Dutch Legion, which :vas organ-
ised at Schwed, had broken up for Holland, and
would speedily be followed by the Second. .
.The follbwing is the substance at a letter from
the borders -of Switzerland, dated in December
last

" You would very much Wrong the people of
Switzerland, if you supposed that the late Decla-
ration of Neutrality, issued by the Government,
expressed Cie sentiments of the people. The de-
mocratic Cantons, who have not ,forgotten the
disasters of 1.793 and 1802-, hate and abominate
the Freneh; Zurich and Berne detest them not
16s: but with more concealment ; Basle is the
friend of every one front whom she hopes to de-
rive commercial advantage, bat the people :wish
from
_their hearts that thoSe calamities may be re-
taliated on France which France brought ,upon
Switzerland. Only the new Cantons of Vaud,
_Thurgau, and St. Gall, with the exception.- of
Tessin (which has been for three years scourged
by the villanies cf douaniers), have Frenchilied
Chiefs.; the other;-3 are not much infected With
this plague. The best and iiiost intelligent of the
Swiss rejoice that tire period of deliverance froM
the disgtaceful influence of Napoleon is at length
arrived. They still. recollect his arfogant and
blind ambition, which dictated, in 1811, his an-
swer to the Envoys of the de.icendants of ‘Villiatn
Tell, in which be used the folloWing expression
Were I only to dream of it at midnight, I could
order 60,000 men to march before morning, arid
unite you to my empire." --"
, ALKMAAR, JAN. 4.--Irestelfday the French, who
still possess the forts of the Fielder, made a sortie.
in considerable loree. The advanced posts of the
Cossacks. stationed on the Little Ketten, no
sooner discovered the enemy, than they advanced
against hint, and, after a smart skirmish, eight
Frenchmen were killed and thirteen takEn.- 'The
latter surrendered the moment the Cossacks came
up with them, and it is surprising that any of them
escaped. On this occasion three Cossacks were
wounded, but none were killed. The prisoners
have been brought in here in waggons under an
escort of National Guards—two of them are
wounded. There are among " them four Gen
d'armes, one of whom is a Dutchman. We arc
assured by. some deserters from Fort La Salle, that
the commanding officer of the enemy's detachment
was carried in dead, and that a number of the
wounded were left-behind on the road. •

ZUTLICHEN, JAN. 4.—Excellent bridges are
now thrown over the Maese at Veen, as well as
over the \Vaal at Bommel, and we now see daily
passing numbers' of troops cif all kinds, from Ger-
many, op their march by Bommel toivardS Veen.
Within these tour days 5000 fresh troOps., all
Prussians, have passed this way. The greater
part of the corps of General Von Bulow, has also
left this island, and the Gene-ral is removing his,
head-Oarters from, Bommel, in corder to follow
the Army to Brabant.
ROTTERDAM, JAN. S.-The mounting of the
mortars on the batteries between Sleewyk and
Wandrichem against Gmreum is going on witl‘
activity. Heavy cannon are also brought through
Sliedr4:ht.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, WEIkESDAY, JAN. 12, 1814.

'We. regret to state that the judgments this morning ex,
pected,from the Loan enANcELLna, were not pronounced,
owing to his Lordship's -indiA'position, being llst night at-
tacked by a fit of the gout, tinder which he is still unfortu-
nately confined.
