Froi:t Vie LON 1)()

lid, Sept 28, 1816.

Adiniro/irt,. (4, Sept. 34,
1164,P-Athlairti Sir Deeto B. has ar-
.
TlVed'O' this ottlee with the original Dispatches of
Adriiiral Lord Viscount Exmouth, -relative to his
artoek nn Algiers, the duplicate of which have al-
ready appetered in the Oatette Extraordinary o:
r VPS
the MAI inst. He is also the bearer of dispatches
irate* ):is Lord-,101, detailieg his further proceed-
.of which the fol!owing is the substance
Oil the of Testier of Peace were
'signed by the Dey his Majesty, alld with his
I'i ijts[y 111" 'King of tile Netlierlenda. On the
Itay :elso -‘is signed an additional article or
derleratiolt for the aholitiOn of Christian slavery,
ft, the 10110veifig, effect :
•
PFe.LAtt-vrtere. of hi, M..st 4ereitt ()MAK, 13i_
'thaw, and Citeeenor of the • wa(like City and King-
Mao of "A!'o,:rit, ttottre am; coocittileit with the night Ho.
coarallte EDWAIt Baron EXNICA.7III, Knight Cirand
Criois of the Most fttoioarable Military Ottler of the Bath,
Admiral of the Blue Sluadron of his Britatioic
,yr, dm! ecninsander-in-Chief of his said Majoty's Ships
nod '''essels entilloyekt in hu,Mi.tfiterraneati.
-,consiikration of the deep interest manifest-
ed ]bv his Royal Highness the Prittee Regent of
Eitgland for the termination of Christian slavery.
pigliness the Dey of Algiers, in token of hia
shitere desire to WA jilt lin inviolable his friendly
relations with 'Orem Britain, al.nl to manifest his
eentcable dispo.ition and high revert towards
ptiWers• of E,tropc, tlechere4;, that in the event of
fiitute wins with European Voe re, not tiny
of the prisoners Omit be eonsieeed to slaver y, but,
treated with all I.iiinnoity; ,at tit r
ffilt I let! ularly neeOrdi:ig to t.'.uropeatt
pract'dee-in like cases, end that at the termination
ct ho4lil.ties' they.shall hi' re,tored to their rcspec-
ti't e'conotties wif lion, 'ransom ; end the practice
of condemning. Christiali prisoners of war •ti,
slavely is hereby !ortually and foe ever reatienced.
Dote is 'Thipheqte in the ‘Varlikek,ity of, Al.
the presence of Almighty God, the
day of Aitgest., iii the year of Jesus
(;Mist 1816. and in the year,of the Hegira
1231, and the ()Ili day .of the-moult Sheeval.
(The l)ers
(Signcel) EXMOVTI-1, (14.5.)
Admiral and connuander.in,•Chief.
(Signed), ti. M41)0U11,:l.L.
ISp ceinanttail.l the ruin ir, 1,
(Sighsql",, Jos. Grimes, Seeretaq.
The Dev in presence of the Divan, apolo-
ehded to ahe .British Consul fur the personal re-.
straint whieh had 'been imposed upon him doring
the late transactions ; arid lie also paid to the
Consul a Sant of three thousand dollats, as are-
moneration for depredations committed oti.his re-
sidenee' atter his inept isontutut.
ter the Treaties dainl Article before-mentioned
had' been tiegociat et!, Ault that the Dey hint re-
feetided three hundred and eiglity.tevo thousand
eve Inindred dollars, which lw had lately received
front the thivcrithients of Naples .„and
mid had released 'one thousand and eighty-three
'Claihtian slaves Who were at Algiers, it came to
the krnievledge ot Lot d Exmouth, that two Spa-
niards, the; one IA MerChalll and the tither the Vice-
Cons,tl of that nation, hail not been released,
bin were ctill held by the Dey. in very severe cus-
tody,- on pretence that they were. prisoners for
The enquiries which his Lordship felt himself
ealkd upon to meke into these :elthea, satisfied him
that the confiliement of the Vice-Consul was
groendless and unjustifiable, and he therefore
thenight himself authorised to demand his rele,,se,
under the articles of the agreement for the deliver-
ance of ,ill Christian prisoners.
'lt appeared that the meet:ham was cietfitted for
an elleged debt,. on the score of a contract with
fife Algerine 'Government ; hut the eiretinwatico
tinder which the conir;set was stsited to Aave been
forced-oil the intik-Wine% and the j, rent severity at
the con6tienient which he state-reef, determined'his
to make an effort in his favour also,—
This his Lordship did, by requesting 11;s release
freen the Dey, offering himself to guarantee to
the Dey the payment of any sum of mon.ey Which
the merchant should be Wend to owe his nifti-
ness,
-Thi!D:2y herinG rejected this demand and Offer,
hip LOrdship, still tinwelling to have recourse to
esdretuities, and the renewal of hostilities, pro-
posed that the Spaniards should he released from
and the mist:l.4l,le dungeons lu which they
WereCollfin, d ; and th.it they 'should be plat cel
iii
the custody of the :..-;l),ittis.ll Cousol, or, at lea-t,
that the Consul sitenild.ho pertaitteil [o'4'mA thetn
stint -ee and accommodation as was suitable
to the risk liee.
these t,copositiont the Dey also posiiively re•
fet6ariy and. Lard Exmitoth then felt that' the pit
tate ;Ind pecuniary Mit nre at the transactions for
latch the,e persons 'were enfilitted Must be consi-
dert-d -43 a preteriee for the cbittinuattee of a Cruel
end Oppressive systeni of sinv:.ry, the total' and
hone tide abolition of which. his instiorthins' di-
rect-0 him to insist- upon.' 'lie, therefore', ac.
tinainted the ley, thief his Highness having re.
jeerof-AI the fair and ecptitabLe conditions pro-
posed "la him, on this point, hid Lordship had de-
termined to insist on the unconditional releas"e of
the two Spaniards, lie therefore' desired an
:ins.tver, yes or ; and, ill the event of -tile
latter, "stated; that •he 'would immediately recom.
tttectcc boat tliries,end his Lordship made prepara-
tions for that porpofe.
• These Weasures lf:ni the desired effect, anti the
two persotis were released' from a 1011;; 'and-S(l'OV
Captii: ; that no Christian prisoner. remained
A;;.iers at his Loreship7s departure, Which took
,
of, tee evening of the 3,1, Instant, with all
tbe, owlet. his- orders.
his Lottli-itip slims that llear [iii
slerraltl Sir
eh:ivies Pentwe joihed in the let' 9 the
, ard fot, had employed the Ite•4r•Aefniir,al
hie the Dey relative to the
• -
- - urn, -I,o,nahip gtves
i lie hi;

*Mel' Sir Cliarles Penrose eorulocted himself o

this oeca,ion.
Ills Lordship's last letters are dated from G. 13-
!altar the ,P2rti instant, And announce his ititenr
tion Vet y shortly to sail retnrii to 6t4,,ait lil.
The refunded ransoms have been sent to the Nea-
politan and Sardinian Governments, and the slaves
released have been torwarded in British transports
to their respective. countries.

Ir4:r-Office, Sept, 28, 181 a. •
lst Iteginient of Life Guards, Assistant-Sgripon ;William
Bruwet, front half-pay of thu 39111 i:uot, to be Atiiistaiit•
Surgeon, vice James, who retire; upon half-pay.
Id Itek;iiiient of Dragoon Guaids, Wilion Jonei, Gent. to be
Comet, by purcliow, vice I.3r4dboriit: , proinotett in the Ititiv

_
Dragomis.
4th Ditto, Lieut. William Burn, to be Captain of a 'Froop, by
purchase vice Mcliartt,ron; wit retires.
',id Ditto, Barret Major Lord Arthur .%. M. Llill, from ball-
pay of the ilbt L}glit I:lagoons, to be Captain of it Troop,,
vice who exchange:. Lever Leege, Cent. to
be Cornet, by purchase, vice James, promoted.
•Ith Ditto, flon.-Dudley Carleton to be Corner, by purchase,
vice 'Waldron, promoted.
ith Ditto, Li4lit Dragirons, Lient. William Shirley to be
Captain et a Tronp, by purchase, vice Wildman, promoted
in the -2.1 West Luba Iteriment. -.Cornet iliiii—tieorge
Beri.ley Nlalyiteux to be Lieutenant, by , purchase, vice
Shirley.
To he Cornets;. Charles Hill, Gent, by purehase, vice Moly-
• neux Arthur Chichester, Gent.- without purchase, vice

Vniree, duceiseil.
9th Doto, Ueorc.e Anfrere. from the 531 Fo4it,*to he
Lieut. vice Rolfe,' who.e'ccliiinge. Julius Greenwood, (ient.
• to Ile Uornet, by purchusei.vice•Stioctilloole, who retires.
Ditt, FraDeli Stanford, Gent. to be
chitse, vioce Bunten', promoted in the Ist tegixent ut Life

Guards.
14th Ditto, Archibald Macdonald, Gent. to he Cortivt, by
;nu chase, vice liyant, proMoted.
tali Ditto, Cornet Francti Itratihurney front the ?,1 Dragoon
(ivards, to Ite. Lieutenant, by porchase, vice )loray, pro-
moted it. the 7th Light DragoOni.
17th Ditto, Captain E.. Flue, front the 17th Foot, to be fap
taut ~f a Troop, without purcha,e, Lice St:toll:T.., round-
ed in the 47th Foot. I.;eut.•ll, C. Antic', front the :15th
Light Dragoons, to tt Lieutenant, without parchase, vice
It, Abatis promoted.
19,11 Ditto, Lieut. Wiliiant -Rhodes to he Captain of a Troop,
by ptirchiew, vice timpoian, yvtio retires. Lieut. Charles
l';',-I.4lltatit, trim the haft-p-ty of the 14th,Lrght I)ta4tnB,
to lieL cutenalit , ttce Rhodes, promoted.
irfßoth Ditto, to I.r COrtiet6, by purchase, William We
na bster,
(;ept. vice Curetolt, promoted ; William 13:11'..er, Ul iCtr
(,fasse, promoted.
12t1 Ditto, Lieut and Adjutant IV. Hackett, from tile 17th
Light Dragoons,tri ht Lieutenant aud vied Mutt,
who resigns the Adjtitancy-only.'
23t1 Ditto, Lienten.tid George %Vatter Prosser, from the 9d
Foot, to be Li, utetosot, vice Farmer, who eschtuNes ; R..ht.
IViili nut Came, Gent. to by 'Cornet, by purchase,. vice

Nekan, urouiated.
itrlth Lieutenant Michael White to- be Captuii, of a
Troop..vice Jatnes Nlvinel th:ect,seit. Cornet fienry Sll3vpit)
to be Lieutenant, vie "White. ('oruet 'Thomas ;,I‘ii.etizie,
front the 17th Light -Drakoon4, to he Comet, vice titiarpin.
2501)itto, Licutennnt.John ussiey, front the 8011 Foot, to•
be Lieutenant, vice Le Merchant, deceased.
ad itegituent of rotit Guards, Henry Dunthis.Macknu, Gent.
ti; be Ensign aull Lieutenant, Without purchase, vice Rus-

sell, who resigns.
2d RegimiOrt of Foot, Lieutenant Jasper Farmer, from the
23d Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Prosser, who
exchanges. . „ . .
oth Ditto, Captain Richard Ilackett, from half-pay of the 7th
E ioC, to lie Copt:into( a. Compaay, v iee Eoley,who exeloolges,
receiving the difference . . ,
lith Ditto, David Jardine, Gent: to be Ensign, by- purchase,
vice De Carteret, vromoted.
I.lth , Ditto, Major Eyi e Coots., front half-pay of* the 'Regi-
ment, to he Major, viCelirown, who exchanges.
10th Ditto, Captain George Nl.Douneld, front the 78d Foot,
to lseCoptain of a Compatiy, vice flail. who .exelionges. .
17th Dtto, Lieutenant W.iiiison to bc Captain of a Cono.
pally, withouttpttrt:tttasi, purchase, vice Byrne, appointed I.:J the 17th
Light"Dreetions.
To he Lieutenants, without purchase, Ensign Samna Oliver,
vice Thogisini; Lieutenant ,Ralph Nicholson, from the oist
Foot, vice Ro!iir.son, who excliriges.
To be Ensign, without puienase, Arthur Hendlev, Gent. vice
' Oliver.
23th Ditto, F.nrign Alexander Moacnsie, front half-pay of
the 711th Fool, to be Elisigo, vire Rave.nscroft, vino ex-
chatiges:
30111 Ditto, Assistant-Surgeon John Rose, Palmer, Iron the
1Q34 Foot, to he Assistont-Surgeim, vice Lane, whir ex-
changes. • .
31st Ditto, Lieutenant:George Garth Rubinson, from the 17th
Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Nicholson, who /2:cell:mgrs.
33d Ditto, Gentleman Cadet I leery entitles Fearon, 10.1ilthe
ltovargilitary Coile.:e, to be hosigu, without porch.,,,,
vice Galway, who resigns.
46th Ditto,, Captain Robert Mockler, from the tify,ii 17.,,,t,
to be Captain of a Compauy, tied Thompson, woo ~,..
changes. •
87th Data, Ensign Alcstander Waddell to be Lieutenantl by
putchase, vice Dale, who retires.
39th Ditto, Lientenant George klconell, from the half-pay
of the Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice Simpsou, who
exchanges:• • ' , • - - ~ . -
~.,
41st Ditto, Lieutenant Edward Michell, frent the half-pay of
the Sid F.,,t, to be Lientenaut, vice Cartwright, who ex-
, thangis; receiving the ditter'ence. • ,
44th Ditto, Charles P. }lolly, Gent. to be Ensign, by put.
.ctfai, ti'n'e, lteddock, prottnited.
53d Ditto, Lieutenant Joseph Rolfe, (ruin the 9th Light Drys.
goons, to be Lieutenant-, vier Atarere, who ex.:bawl.
• Charles 'William Lliteklev,tieut. to be Ebsign, by purchase,
,Vice Dad:house, who retires. ~
56th Ditto, to be Captains of Companies, without pnrchate,
Captain ttenry H. Jacob, from half-pay of the Regiment,
vie* A. Campbell, who exchanges. Lieutenant John Camp-
bell, vice 11•Auley, deceased.
To he Lieutenant, without purchase, Ensign Edward nervey
. ,
Foster, vice Complien.
To he Ensign, without purchase, Gentleman Cadet William
Faittiough,
,froin the Royal Military College, vice Foster.
601 h Ditto, Assistant-Surgeon 11. Prendergast, front half-pay
of the 81sT Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeini, vice Morgan,
who etch:owes.
67th Ditto, Lieutenant Charles Huber, front the 5311 Foot,
to he Liemennot, without purchase, vice Guiy, vivskieved
by the sentence of a Getteral Court-Martial. '• ' i .
69th Ditto, .Taiiirs Alexander Spottiswoode, Oeut...to be Eu-
sign, by purchase, eke Batley, promoted.
72d Ditto, Major John Carter, front the 641 n F00t,,,, to be
Major, vice Raitt, who exchanges. Captain Willhito TO-
low, •fioni the half-pay of •the 3d Foot, to be • Captain of a
Coo/patty, vice Jones, who exellanget, receitiog the dif-
ference.
73d Ditto, Captain P: F. 1-Tall, froM the 'l6th Foot, to be
Capraiii of a Company, vice til'Oottaid, who exchanges.
78th Ditto, _Robert Lindsay, Geo. to be Eosign, by purchase,
vice Liudsay, appointed to the 21st Light Dragoon,.
60th R. gimeitt of Foot, Brevet tieutetiatit,Colimel John Ed-
wards to he Lietitermot.Colotrel, vice White, aeceioed ;
Rrevet Mejor John Dwirymplif to be Major, without. par-
. chase, vice Edwards.
To be Captain, of Compatties, without purchase, Lieutenant
J, ft. Walsh, vice flatness, deceased; Lieutenatit nude-,
vie': Grote, viee,Dalrymple. •
To,be Lieuteliants, without purchase, Ensign Joseph Stolitis,
site Waist, ; Ensign Willtam Barite, vicel;o11,• deceased ;
Ensign WilliaM Hervey, vice Glove,
To he, EilsoZos, without purehase, .-----Rownes, Gent, vice
Stoll.'; Heiny,Angustos Jackson, Gent. vice W. Burke:.
82d Ditto, '.:‘ list t,ienteriant Jame,. D. Brownejrivai half-pay
• of the 2i st hoot, to be .Lienteitarit, Vied BOUrtie, who CA"
changes, receiving the driferoiee.
'l3sd Ditto, Wart vr7slaster ------- Yates, from. half-pay of the
late 11th Gail isiiii Battalion, to he Quartet-:Master, . vice
• Iliiir, who eat:boo-I;es, • - . -
84th Ditto, Major George !loth, froM the 71d Foot, to be
' _ Major, ',ice Carter, who vxcliahio,,.
89th Ditto, Captain James Thompoin, from the :36th Foot,
to he Coptaio or a Company, vier Mockler, who e);e,tiatierst
Li sign Chillies 4.:, Ziayiur, to he Lieutenant:, w p
illoiot m
" thaw, vice,j+% Sot aom
ge, proted ; dohn ,tlairray 11PLeao,
GEO. to be FoiSign, ki it hunt pint:hate, vic.c-Noloi;
.9611iDttit4 Captain Fraacf, Gia!,,,, trourtint Itiik, ftrigtuit,
to be Copt:int of a► tofhp:toy, vicv Pot, wllo.exchattites•
• OM Ditto, Assistaiir''ilogron M. T. Lint, from the 39th
last,ot, to • ‘
Assistant-s.uigeon, vice Palmer,' ,who ex-
.' - t hanges.
Ride Drigrales • )10;0o EM"ntlel Thomas Poe,-front the 96th
bout, to Ede CaPtaitl,of a Company, eke Glasse, who eX-
' changes
' Gentleroan Cadet Gervas Pnwer, 'from the Royal
Military College, to he Second Licutenaot, without pur•
• eLust', vice Amphlett, deceased.

• • , .. , . . . ,
ist West Twilit Ile,ettrie.nt, ratitign ' IT.-Windsur, from tbr I
itie:4l y0,,,,p,„„,:,..r4, tti he Lieutenant, vice liidgeoleeirt,ted.
Q.l Ditto, As,i,tatit.!-int;:oion Michael Fogarty., trout halt-pay
of tile Sicilitta Ukeonieni, to be Aissistant-Surgeun, vice
hincliiir, %%Ito cxcliali;;,es.
tith f)itt,„ E,,sigri li,:tify. P. Wiliiams, (tutu INlf-pay of
the 7th West India Ile-bMi, ;it, to be Easigu, vice 'llitylur",
Who cm:binges• •
4 _
11.0)al Yuri, Itatigers, Simon Nl'l g
itostt, Gent. to be Ettsin,
without 'int.-chase, vice %%quitsJr, prutitutect iu the Ist West,
India Itegintent. Gent. to be Ell-
Ro)al West India Rangers, James Huger*,
Sign, vice Lambert, deeeased.
3d Ceylqa Iteitiment. Captain 'flioanti Duntlas, front the 15th
Light Draguutts, to be Nlajur, by purchase, vice Nixo,witu
retires. ~

1311.EVE.T.
.
The untleimentiotted Cutlets of the Honourable the East I
India CoiLlptoy'4 Service to have the l'emporary Hank of
Ensigu, during the period of their tieing attached to. the
Corps of Suppers and Miners at Cluithani, under the Coln-
, inand of Lieutenant-Colonel Pasley : • ' •
Cutlets Willisni Candi Jones, Edmund Sweetenhatrt, John
dailies Under•wood, Robert 'N rung inon, ii u,;11 Calveley
Cotton, Alexander Lowe, I.(lward Lake, SainLel lieunna.
sTAFF.
Major Willia.in Beresforti, on half-pay of the !fist Foot, to
he Deputy Quarter--Nlisiter-General to the Forces serving.
ill Novas Seotitt (with the rank of Lieutenant Colic ill
she Army), eiee Licotenant-Colonet Fisher, appted to
the Stall' of the Army serving in prance.
Major ilonutmtble B. the Stuart Erskine, of the 60th Foot,
• : to he Deputy Adjutant-General to the Forces serving in the
lAalitl of Ceylon (with the rank tit Liente..ant-Coloner in
the Arinyl, vice lict)a-nrisg; appointed to the Staff 'A the
Army serving in Fiwit.e.
Ensign Janics I tolauli, lentil .t he 60th rout, to be Staff-Lieu-
tenant at Molly Thirracl,, in the Isle of Wi4ht, vide
( taklcy, placed niton the Iti. tiro! Litt of the late Bth !tops,
I ' Veteran ttattalion. . '

GAItItISONS.
Lieutenant... Colonel Charles Wade Thotnton, late• of the
Royal Artillety, to lie- Lieuteitant-tiorernor of Hall, rice
Cuo)-oghattiv,
1-losvirm, STAie.—Doctei Pytu, front the hall-pay,
to be Pepoty Insf.ctur of iloilotals.
11r.:noa.ssouNt.—The appointment Of Assistant-Surgeon
l'reodergait, irom'thv halt•ony'of the Stst Foot, to be-its-
sistlnt-tiorgeon in the ii ill' kout, vice Cros), who exclijOge,
bus not taken place.
untivratentione4l Of&ers are, soperNetlett, being alasent
witloatt F.,ot, Lieutenant Thomas tto
er
rn
t;9th Foot,Kosien flannitua; Xt.li Foot, Lieu-
tenent William 1-henry

O' ite of Orditauce, Sept. 2(.
Corps of Royal F..tiiiteers. —To be Second Lieutenants,.
Gentlemen Cadet, Benjamin S. Stelieliti, vice Butt, pro-
moted ; Gentleman Cutlet Laneey, rice Leais, pro•
muted ; Giititletuan Cadet Itiek.rd Alexander, vice Bled:h—
im), rout...tett ; Gentleman C.....0et Charles Oldersh
Wliitmoreaw, vice-
Beagite, promuleil; Gentleman Catict George S. ,
vice proumted ; Gentle Man Cadet Henry ikrvutiti,
vice Bolder°, promoted.; Getiiieman Cadet [leery' 0. Craw-
k)', vice Budget', tiruniuted Gentlentan Cailet
dldge, eke Heath, promuted;' Gentleman Cadet r
John
Twiss, vice llicoe, prolooted; Gentleman Cadet Leleeiter t'.
vietclaveving, , promoted ; Gentleman Cadet,Pat rick
',reser, vice, Wulff, promoted; Gentleman Cadet Jelin Wal-
pole, vice Elliott, yruinoted.
Erbis Gazette notifies, that the Prince Regent has appoint-
ed t," Laseelles, Esq. Consul at L.Vrient, and S. L. Jenkins,
Esq. Cousui at lits;untie.)

ILINKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
J. Corti, King-strro, Si:reti.Ll4os, cibiuck-Moker, from 0.
1 to Out. 12.
