Aucsuunc, MAY I.—The letters from Vienna, of
April 26, received to-day by the ordinary post, make no
mention of the news from Constantinople contained in the
commercial letter dated the 26th, in the evening, which
was received in Augsburg by estafette, and inserted in the
Allgemeine Zeitung of yesterday. We have, however,
received the following letter, of an old date, from Belgrade:
" Belgrade, April 18.--A French courier from
Constantinople has passed through this city, who is said
to be the bearer of important despatches for his Govern-
ment. Up to the 10th the capital was perfectly tranquil.
Nothing bad transpired respecting the mission of M. de
Varennes, yet it appeared that Ibrahim Paella would not
directly reject the Sultan's proposals, but also not accept
them in their full extent, so that negotiations might take
place, which is what the Sultan wishes. Ibrahim's arm-
is, however, moving at several points, and seems to be
going to take ❑p a position on this side of Brussa. it
must soon appear whether it will stop there, or advance
towards Scutari, by which it would come nearer
to the Russian auxiliary corps. The Russians,
,t is said, are prepared for an attack, and have
taken their measures accordingly. A considerable
park of artillery has been conveyed to the camp which they
occupy, and many artillerymen of the corps of marines have
been landed. The camp is defended by about 60 pieces
of cannon, with their full complement of men and ammu-
nition. Ihrahim Richt, therefore, may hesitate before he
attempts any thing against it. Ile is doubtless too well
acquainted with the effect of artillery mounted on batteries
to venture to attack the small Russian corps in its in-
trenched camp, defended by such a number of cannon.
Meantime it is reported that the Evyptian fleet will soon
arrive in the Dardanelles, for the purpose of landing troops
to occupy the forts. The corps of General Kesseleff,
about 35 000 strong, is stated in the last accounts from
Adrianople to have passed the Danube at Silistria, and to
be on its march to Constantinople. In consequence of
communications received from Warsaw, Prince Milosch
seems to cause all foreign travellers to be strictly watched,
and to apprehend some plan for exciting disturbances "
BERLIN, Aran, 25.—According to accounts from St.
Peteisburgh, the whole political interest of the moment is
concentrated i❑ the affairs of the E:st, which become
every hour more and more important, especially to
Russia, which is called on to act i❑ them so diffieult and
honourahle a part. The whole c use of this affair im-
poses on Russia the indispensable necessity to perform this
part. The application made by the Sultan, the state of
Turkey itself, the interests of southern Russia, and of the
whole Russian commerce, the guarantee undertaken by
the treaty of Adrianople, all these several points
strengthen the general political participation to which
every European Cabinet is unquestionably entitled in a
change of such immense importance as that which now
seems to threaten the Turkish empire.
VIENNA, APRIL 26—Five per Cent. Metalliques
92 3-32 ; Four per Cent. ditto, 82 2-5; Bank Shares
1,1831 1,206. —,41/getneine Zeitung, May 1.

L rd DUNDAS presented a petition from Forfar, pray-
ing for the alteration of the church patronave in Scotland.
Lord SUFFIELD and another NOBLE Loan presented
numerous petitions for the total and immediate extinction
of slavery.

Lord SUFFIELD said, that it had been his prac-
tice of late to present fifty petitions per day for the
total and immediate abolition of slavery ; but knowing that
Ministers were going to bring forward their plan for the
abolition of slavery, in the House of Commons, on Tues-
day next, he wished to present the whole of the petitions
committed to his charge before that day ; therefore, he
should he obliged to present 100 per day.
The Earl of ALBEMARLE pres-nted petitions to the
same effect, chiefly from parishes in Bedfordshire.
The Personal Estates Bill and the Cotton Duty Bill
were read a second time, and committed for to-morrow ;
and the Bills brought up from the Commons were read a
first time.
The House then adjourned.

BERLIN, Aran. 24.—This year there are to be grand
military evolutions near Magdeburg, in which a part of
the Poinoranian, or second corps of the army, will take
part. The whole number of troops that will be assembled
on this occasion is estimated at 40,000 men. Several
considerable bankruptcies, especially of manufacturers,
and the precarious state of some great houses have caused
extraordinary distrust in the commercial world.
Professor Ick intended this half year to read, but under
another name, his old and celebrated course of lec-
tures upon politics. We bear, however, that he
has been prohibited from doing this, on the ground
that this is no part of the branch of instruction to which
he is professor in the University. In like manner, Pro-
fessor G. is said to have received an intimation from the
Ministry to 'refrain from expressing views and opinions
which are decidedly opposed to the system of the Govern-
ment, whose officer he is.
Several workmen, who were discharged from a manu-
factory here, because there was no employment, desiring
to return to Dantzic, their native place, have not been
able to obtain passports, because it is said news has been
received that the white dysentery prevails there.—Nuren-
burg Correspondent, April 29.
BERLIN, APRIL 25.—The affair at Frankfort on the
Maine, resembling a scene of the middle ages, appears to
have led to serious deliberations between the principal Go-
vernments, in which the question respecting a new organi-
zation of the German Universities is very likely to be
brought forward. Now this question is immediately con-
nected with others of higher political interest. The
universities in Prussia, though constituted in the same
rn inner as the others, have not manifested anything of
the bad spirit which it seems to be so difficult to eradicate
in some others, not so much i❑ small universities as
universities in the stnaller states. One might almost be
tempted to believe that in our times the existence of the
ems ler states is to he secured only by a close connection
with the greater, not by imitation of them. Why should
not the seminaries for learning in the great states serve also
for the small ones ? Even now Gotingen is the Univer-
sity for Nassau. This example might also be extended to
other similar cases. Allgemeine Zeitung, May 1.
BERLIN, Aram 28.—To•day's number of the Berlin
Political Wochenblutt contains the following remarks on
recent events:—

The proposal laid before the House of Commons for the
destruction of the property of the church of England, has
been this time rejected without being put to the vote,
which by no means excludes the possibility of its being
approved at some future time, when all the consequences
of the Reform Bill shall have been fully developed. It
may be considered as a melancholy sign of the decay of
the sense of jus'ice, that Dissenters and (should the pro-
posed emancipation of the Jews take place) persons who
are not Christians, deliberate in Parliament on the pro-
perty and the rights of the Anglican Church, whereas
nobody thinks of disposing in a similar manner of the pro-
perty of the dissenters. In the Diet of the German Em-
pire, as is well known, there was on religious questions an
Itio in purges which hindered one or our religious com-
munion from deciding on the rights of another."
MUNICH, APRIL 27.—8 y a Royal Ministerial
decision, the itomatriculation of the student. of the
Bavarian Universities for the summer half year is to
be do. i on the 30th April. All those who present
themselves after that date are to bring legal proofs, not
only of the cause of the delay, but also of the place of
their abode since the let instant. All students, both na-
tives arid foreigners, even if they have alreitly arrived at
the University, are to furnish certificates, showing where
they have been since they left the University, in which
they resided in the preceding half year. Those who affirm
that they did not leave the University during the Easter
holydays must prove the truth of this assertion.
DRESDEN, APRIL 27.—We are assured that the Polish
refugees are forbidden to niter the Prussian dominions;
the only exceations are in favour of those who are return-
ing to their own country, or who are going to the water-
ing-plices, and ntio are provided for that purpose with
passports signed by the Russian and Prussian Legations,
and in this case they are merely permitted to pose through
the Prussian dominions, which they can enter at three
daces only, viz., at Saarbruck, Erfurt, and airlits.
Our Minister of the Interior has just published a notice,
that the admission of the Poles into the Saxon territory,
when they are authorized to enter it, can take place at two
points only, viz. at Uilitz, on the road from Hoff to Planen,
and near Mat kanstadt, on the road from Erfurt to Leipsic;
that the military authorities, stationed at those two points,
will direct them to take the shortest road to pass through
the k kingdom of Saxony, that they may traverse it
in a given time, and as speedily as possible. This route,
as well as the time which they will employ in it, will be
noted by the above-mentioned military authorities on the
passports of these Poles.—Frankfort Papers, May 2.

In the town of Newcastle there are at present
400 houses in progress of building.
DEATH FROM EXCESSIVE GRlEF.—Mon-
day night an inquest was held at the Vernon's Head, North
Audley-street, on thi. body of MARY TAYLOR, aged sixty.
The deceasod was related to Mr. MonsE, butcher, of 259,
Oxford-street, where she was staying on a visit. On
Friday lest she received intelligence of the death of a
sister, upon which she fell back in her chair in a paroxysm
of grief, to whi,b she was unable to give utterance. She
said she would retire to her chamber, and soon afterwards
the family were alarmed by hearing a heavy fall;
Mrs. Moms repairing to the chamber, she was shocked
at beholding the old lady lying a corpse before her on the
floor. Medical assistance proved unavailing.—Verdict,
" Died by the visitation of God." and on

fr ~
---f
\ \
.! ...,..-„.:.,,,:,..*.).
~,ift.
:.... 0
~...7.,..,,,,
t (-4
(7,--I,e_zej //7,,jitz-te
,m.....-7,-, c:,..t
-,..
....
i legal. a man had certainly solved. the difficulty, by
dying in the mean time in prison. The AG* and Learned .74
. .
.14' Member for Chester (Mr. Jervis) seemed,ato infer that '**-
as.
there was a difference between civil and cititiinal vises,
s ' --____''.''''' '' and that a Quaker was compelled to serve in civil, but not
,ia in criminal cases. Now he (Lord Morpeth) could on'y
r.
say, he could discover no such inference founded in law.
~t, <„.
'.... , At all events, be thought there was sufficient uncertainty
(..._
vahireaorleiOd.r,aisti:tsoo. :A:::
doubt
Itaihn:ds,amaonn,oern:aii,lvysitsiionarpni,art from the distinct and positil e
reasons on which he (Mr. M.) grounded his motion, as
.... to make the adoption of it highly desirable ; and he could
not quit these judicial topics without eating how glad
ofw itwhhtileihesewass:osrodsall
Hon. Friend Mr. Pease, Mr. Justice Alderson closed his
address to the grand jury, who had been appointed to try
eoi mnlsaettleif,
eaesolznittse nfgo'rrnoeuteind)
ed,,beyo u
nv
teyr y
of recent
D u r
-
representedlot n h at
sh el)e
autho-
rity
de-
clared, e his
of an Act passed in the 22(1 year of the reign
of George the Second, that the affirmation of a
member of the Society of Friends is to be taken in a
court of justice, where an oath is to be taken, as eq uiva;
lent to an oath by other persons. The consequence is,
,hat Quakers may now serve as constables, or in any simi-
lar office; and I dare say I shall teay t.cibii sae the day
when Quakers will execute the dutieg et rt ratid jnadra; and
other duties in the same way as others rid. That ins s'.desirable circumstance, for I do not see why the+ i'laViilc
retain to themselves any immunities, when all tto;'a'ae
privileges hitherto withheld from them have been granted
to them." It appeared that Mr. Justice Alderson both are_
anticipated and approved of his (Lord Morpeth's) motion..
He knew it had been thought that the strong opinions en.
tertained by members of the Society of Friends with re-
spect to capital punishments might interpose some oust-,ere
in the way of this object; however, that objection did not
apply to them exclusively, but equally to many of other
denominations. As Moravians were coupled with Quakers
in all recent Acts of Parliament, he proposed to inalude
them also in the operation of this Bill. The cane of that
class called Separatists was already in the competent
h inns of the Honourable Member for Cambridge. He
believed it was thought that both that Hon. Gentleman
and himself should have extended their object. He hoped
that none would object to the definite and practical, though
perhaps narrowed plan, although they did not endeavour to
fill up a more magnificent, though less definite otyline.
The Right Hon. Member for Finsbury admitted the
propriety of doing away with all remaining disqualfica-
tions that pressed on Quakers. He (Lord Morpeth) did not
mean to invest those disqualifications with the character of
a flaming grievance in his motion, as one of tran•cendant
relief, but he would call upon the House to adopt the
measure at the same time on high grounds when he rea
minded them that if they consented tti this Bill, they wouhlil
sweep away the last disability on the statdie book imposed
by p•isitive enactments, or religious scruples; iit/ he 7e?
not without hope that not only would there be r:a",Yppoar.!
tion, but that no time would be lost in forwarding alie'
Bill. The Noble Lord then moved for leave to bring in a
Bill to allow Quakers and Moravians to make affirmation
in all cases where an oath was now req had.
The SPEAKER then put the question, which was
agreed to without opposition.
NEWRY ELECTION.—MR. LISLE.
Sir JOHN BYNG, after stating some of the evidence
that had been given before the Newry Election Com-
mittee, moved that the Attorney-General far Ireland be
directed to prosecute James Lisle, for bribery at the last
Newry election.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that no one whti had read Vie
evidence could doubt that Mr. Lisle had bribed nviny of
the poorer voters. He suggested that the Attorney-Gene-
ral should have a discretion given him to prosecute Oilie*
bribers he might discover. •
Mr. BARING suggested that the proper form of
the motion would be an address to the Craws to direct
the Irish Attorney-General to prosecute this individual.
He approved of the course proposed to be taken on this
occasion, so different from that taken by the House in the
case of Stafford, when the House passed a Bill td indema
nify the guilty parties.
mr. WASON defended the Stafford Indemnii4 Bib,
on the ground that the bribing parties were not in t'br
case known.
Sir JOHN BYNG concurred in the propriety of alter-
ing the form of the motion in the manner suggested by
the Hon. Memb r for Essex. .._ .
The motion, having been altered to an addrns tet the
Crown, was then agreed to.
Mr. W. BROUGHAM then brought forward his mra3
tion for leave to bring in a Bill to establish a general
registry of all debts and instruments relating to real pro-
perty in England and Wales. He believed there were
few subjects of greater importance than that was, and that
1 of all the improvements in the law mad, under different
forms by Commissioners or by the Houle, there was no
one of such importance, as it would effect a greater
change in the state of the law regarding real property
than any tbat had yet been made. The subject was first
investigated in the 17th century by a number of very
eminent men, among whom was Cromwell, who himself
took a very considerable part in it. They were, however,
defeated at that time, chiefly by the lawyers, who then
sat in Parliament, or, as Cromwell expressed it--
" The sons of Belial were too numerous." (Great
laughter.) He (Mr. B.), however, believed that the
lawyers of the present day were favourable to a general re
gistration, and from them be hoped to have great assist-
ance. Inquiries were instituted at subsequent periodes
but with no result until the question was taken up by that
Commissioners appointed in 1828.—(Hear, hear.) The
commission consisted of eight gentlemen of eminence
in the profession, and who had taken great pains
by examining witnesses, and putting a list of questions to
tt, hht
..e they
were,France,t h e y
many members of the profession. Those Commissioners
drew up a report, recommending that a general system of
registration should be adopted. The consequence was,
that a Bill to effect that object was introduced into the
House, last session, by his Hun. and Learned Friend the
Solicitor-General, from which the Bill that he in-
tended to move for leave to bring in, differed but slightly.
That Bill arrived at a second reading, and was referred to
a Select Committee, which sat for 29 days, calling before:
it all persons of eminence residing in London, and re-
questing all persons from the country, who. opposed
the measure, to attend the Committee and give
the reasons for objecting to registration. The Committee
drew up a report, the result of which was earnestly recom-
mending the adoption of registration. The change which
the adoption of this measure would introduce into the law
of real property, he admitted, would be most extensive,
and it therefore became the Legislature to be exceedingly
cautious in admitting it, unless it saw great grounds for
it. He was ready to put the question on that issue; but
as far as his own opinion went on the subject, he was
clearly of opinion with the Committee that registration
was necessary. He thought the evils attendant on the
transfer of real property were such as would lead to
a call for the adoption of such a measure.—(Hear, hear.)
It would be impossible for any one not in the profession to
form a notion of the difficulties that surrounded almost
every title in the kingdom, great and small, and the frauds
that were daily practised in the conveyance of real pro-
perty from one man to another. It sometimes happened
that deeds could not be produced owing to accident, but
it much reore frequently happened that they were kept
back for a fraudulent purpose. Wilful frauds of this
sort were much more frequent than the accidental omission
of evidence of title, and this was particularly illustrated
baswmewhcgucaersrunte astbte Yorkshire,ht
eh
e eoi
convincedy: t
would
youn defectivei
found
d against
t t
po affectafitntsoghfp
Sweden,
tt hte:uhhedenetrpeeiyailni
crilapp,tonyrianaeorDn
itnutuwiifisn.s,
et, on:
Denmark,
profits;a,ail alkss:
in the cases of mortgages, and the creation of terms
for years, separating the legal estate from the beneficial
ownership. The expense and delay which perplexities
of this description occasioned even to marketable titles
were incredible, and if any mode of obviating such
evils could be pointed out, and was practicable, he .
thought the House should adopt it. Solicitors bad raised
not true, as they had asserted, that the effect of a general
registry would be to deprive parties of the custody of their
deeds and muniments. The measure was only intended to
generablutre it was
no one should have the privilege of making a
being
npgreasitpEttei vde
to
aentda,msion felt
any
nfyrotmi
tiany
theyidle
pleased,o r cu r curious u
its
waspersons
in-
tended
of
febaasdrrt
aacaichstil i
obstacles
gnu
which
money
hlroiebcns ehte
yiahnbagydt
eh
nwfie
eraprsyaat provedleotrifeceguiil
suatri
registry
yal
lands
edotsuiluilreodersßttpgheeargeogitswei Registrar
respecting
inbr
whichu
ttthh
lea etwdhl
ydee
desired information. Much stress had been laid upon the
not apprehend this to be a valid objection, or one that could
be sustained; for, on the contrary, it was his opinion that
the adoption of the plan would materially strengthen such,
under any circumstances, doubtful securities. It should
be recollected that no difficulty had ever arisen from the
registry of ships, and that the provision for enabling equi-
table mortgagees to enter a caveat as a guard against fraud
intended to be contained in this Bill, would afford them
better security than they could have by the
prebseeenntinduced
to alter his opinion on this subject; .
"in Middlesex and
That eminent lawyer, Mr. Bell, had at l
at the partial success of the registries.turhiiae measure.ersa
manyi
hrauotatsahi aes im
Scotland and Ireland bad also been found to an•
giatries in
purposes
for which they were intended ; and
\t a.do,ted itla
taGtear,mitanwya'slionolly-
ilar
fairiaSwitzerland,nd t o n
allowand
\
deeanxsgi when
