before leaving Nauplia, published the following Proclama-
tion, which has produced a great effect :
" TO THE GREEKS, PARTICULARLY THOSE WHO

INHABIT NAUPLIA.
" Hellenists f Odd, vrishes that we should be free, but
to attain freedom it is necessary that there should be ge-
neral union of sentiment and of strength, The civilized
people of the earth accompany us in our efforts by their
most sincere good wishes, and by all the other means fir
their power. The rich and poor alike deposit each their
offerings in the hands of particular Committees. We
have already felt the effects of that love which nations
bear towards us. geirtral vessels, lately arrived in our
harbour, freighted with, provisidri4 and other things
necessary for war, and sent by the Philhellenic
Committees of France, Switzerland, and Gerrttaiiy,
'loudly proclaim the justice and character of our cause. If,
howeiref, sve have not the will to be free, what avail all
these kindnesses Advance, let us proceed against the
enemies, and let our footsteps be g9ided by the firm reso-
lution to die, or live as freemen ; let ne devote ourselves
to our country, and demonstrate to the astonished world
that we are still the same men who have for five years sus.
tamed the glorious contest. It is by time, and in the midst
of an enemy's ravaging fire, by measuring ourselves front
to front with the barbarians, that the real defenders of
our country can distinguish themselves. Let us not ex-
pect that in a slothful life spent in cities, trying to amass
wealth, chaste liberty will be found distributing the bene-
fits of permanent peace: If we succumb in this conflict,
Hellenists! to what purpose will our riches serve ? Where
will then be a country to receive us ? Europe ! you will
have disappointed her expectations. Will America ? Yes ;
but the picture of liberty enjoyed in that world, so fertile
in illustrious patriots, will augment our remorse and our
misfortunes. Where, then, will you go to hide your
shame ? Is it in Asia, bent beneath an ignominious yoke,
and obedient to the ferocious caprice of your misters, that
you will drag on the remainder of a life oppressed with
opprobrium and contempt? No, it is on this soil, in
Greece only, that we can obtain happiness; it is placed
before us—and the feebleness of our enemy bears testimo-
ny of the feasibility of our attempt. Moments are pre-
.cious—to-morrow
smay perhaps usher in greater obstacles

to be opposed.
" Citizens !—I leave Nauplia and go amid dangers,
accompanied by the brave fellows who will follow me to
seek for victory or death. Let all those whose hearts yet
beat to the sweet name of liberty, take up arms; the field
of victory is open for us, let us all run to the voice which
calls us, and draw down the benediction of an entire world,
which waits impatiently for the moment when we may
enter into the rank of free nations, and acquire an immortal
glory. You, who, capable of bearing arms, still carouse in
the cafes and taverns of Nauplia, will you become the eter-
nal opprobium of the Grecian name, and objects of the
malediction of our feeble compatriots ? No ! do not belie
the blood-which runs in our veins; resume those arms now
rusted from inaction, and let us all die or purify the atmos•
phere of slavery with which we are encompassed.
" Nauplia, July 14." " TH. COLOCOTRONI.'
(From the Journal des Debate.)

VIENNA, SEPT. 27.—(Private Letter.)—It is confi-
dentially stated that the Infant Don Miguel has been
invited by a letter from his sister, the Infanta Regent, to
make a formal declaration within three days relative to his
taking the oath to the Constitutional Charter granted to
Portugal by his brother Don Pedro. It is added that
Don Miguel sent his answer to Lisbon on the 17th of
September, in which, without protesting formally against
the Constitution, he declares that he has made a direct
communication to hitt brother, the Empefor of Brazil, with
regard to his claims to the Regency, during a long absence
in the minority of the Monarch, and that he waits his
answer. The Prince finishes his letter by declaring that
he will be guided in his measures by the advice of his
illustrious protector the Emperor of 'Austria, who bad not
then returned to Vienna. The Minister of Portugal at
Vienna, Baron de Villa Secca, has sent .this answer to
Lisbon by a courier, who set out on the 17th of Sep-
tember.
The Metalliques have gone up to 891. There is no
favourable news here even from Turkey.
(From the Journal des Debate.)
NIADRID, SEPT. 25.—A French courier, who arrived on
the 21st, has brought the official notification of the con-
currence of the French Government in the changes made
in .Portugal; for although this concurrence was already-
known, it had not been notified officially here.
Immediately after M. de Moustier transmitted this no-.
tification, the Council of Ministers was assembled. The
sitting was very long, and all the Ministers, except M.
Calomarde, decided that a strict neutrality should be main-
tained with respect to Portugal.
Meanwhile, on the same day, the result of the Council
of Ministers was submitted to his Majesty. It was ex-
pected that the King would sanction what his Ministers
bad agreed on, but his Majesty gave orders to send back
the whole of the papers to be examined by the Council of
State, which has met three days in succesion, without
coming to any decision. The importance which the un-
expected decision of his Majesty gives to the Council,
has greatly restored the courage of the Apostolic party.
It was cast down again, however, by the Russian courier,
who brought, as you know, the concurrence of the Russian
Government.
Some tumults took place last week, 'at San Ildefonso ;
they arose out of the misconduct of the Garde du Corps,
who, imitating the example given them by the Royalist
Volunteers, in numerous parts of the Peninsula, have as-
sembled in a riotous manner, in several of the coffee-houses,
with cries of—" Long live the King"—" Down with the
Chambers"—Death to the Liberals"—and " Down with
the Ministry." In the evening they .went in a crowd to
the Theatre, where the same ribting, and the same cries
were renewed.
Immediate information was given; and a Colonel and a
Captain, who were discovered as the authors and directors
of the tumult, were condemned to, four years' imprison-
ment in the Fort of Penas de San Nam.
The Portuguese soldiers, who have taken refuge in our
countiy, receive nothing from Government but country
provisions. They get no assistance in money, to their
great discontent.

PATITQUAFE AT BoGOTA.—It appears by letters
from Bogota, that two fresh shocks of an earthquake were felt in
that city on Saturday, the 17th July; both of them were severe.
There was an interval of about 1$ or 20 seconds between them.
They took place about a quarter before eleven,'r. at. " The
latter," says the writer of one of these letters, " was much more
severe, and of longer duration than the former ; it threw down
the small chapel on the summit of the mountain of Guadeloupe,
and caused some damage to the houses and convents. The
churches, including the Cathedral built_a few years since, receiv-
ed a great deal of injury; and, had another shock occurred,
ifpro-
.flr
habir,ral would have fallen. The inhabitants, in consterna-
tion,from their houses, and
great numbers passed the night
in the squares and gardens. We have only heard of two or three
who had met with accidents, and these were sustained in their
burry to escape. It appears thet the earthquake has caused some
injury in the neighbouring villages, tha churches of which being
lone buildings, and of slight materials, are not calculated to resist
a convulsion of this nature. The heavy rains, whichhays succeeded
fortunately, is not very common in the highest
the very dry weather we had so long, may account for this awful
occurrence, which,
part of the Cordillera, in which this city is situated. It may be
considered as one of the many advantages of its position. We
have heard that a few leagues distance, at a place called Csce._
dro, a large crevice has been discovered in the earth, and, al-
though we do not exactly know its dimensions, we mention it, as
vitapmoauyrs htewndich allay our apprehensions for the future ; for the
are comprised in the bowels of the earth, are, un-
douhtetily, the cause of earthquakes ; finding now a vent, it is
likely
a ravages they occasioned when confined will not be
agmed. Yesterday, after the preceding remarks had been
r another shock was felt, about ten minutes to five in the
morning. The damage done hy it we hear to be considerable.
The Cathedral has sustained much additional injury, but we are
not aware at present that any part hasfallen. Part of the Con-
vent of San Juan de Dios, and several other Machos and Con-
vents,repeated.
the
bare suffered materially ; the houses of private individual.,
have, of course, shared in the general destruction. We do not
know whether any lives have been lost.
