PROCLAMATION OF LORD MULGRAVE

" Whereas his Majesty has been most graciously
Pleased to take into consideration a plan fur changing the
system under which slavery at present exists in these do-
minions ; and whereas it is his Majesty's most anxious
desire to improve and benefit the slave population of this
island, in such manner as may seem most compatible with
the interest of their owners in their services ; and whereas
it may be necessary to guard against any erroneous im-
pression in the minds of the slave population of this island ;
and, in order that they should be fully aware that his
Majesty's gracious designs in their behalf are only regu-
lated and restricted by the c(msideration of their own good,
and that any misconduct or insubordination at the present
moment must have the effect of retarding or possibly
frustrating such his Majesty's intentions ; I do now,
therefore, issue this my proclamation, and do hereby
call upon all his Majesty's subjects in this island to
render due obedience to the laws, and to the orders
of all constituted authorities ; and I do hereby charge
and command all his Majesty's slave population in
this island that they do render all due obedience
to their toasters, and to the several and respective
constituted authorities of this island. I do hereby
declare, that when his Majesty's gracious intentions
with regard to the slave population become law,
it is to roe, his Majesty's Representative, that they
are to look for information on the subject ; and I
do hereby further declare that it will be my especial
care, either by myself personally, or through those com-
missioned by me, that all the conditions of change in the
si.uation of the slave population shall then he fully com-
municated and explained to them ; and, in the mean
time, Ido hereby enjoin patience as to the result, and
confidence in those gracious intentions of the Sovereign
on their behalf, with that unfailing respect to his autho-
rity which requires implicit obedience to the lawful com-
mand of their masters; and I do most solemnly warn and
admonish them, the slave population, or an other person
or persons within this island, against engaging in any
act or deed of violence and insubordination against the
said constituted authorities, or against any of his Mijesty's
subjects whomsoever ; and I do hereby declare and make
known to all persons whomsover within this island, that,
by so doing, they will expose themselves to the severest
penalties of the law; and I do hereby charge and com-
mand the several Custodes and Magistrates, and all others
his Majesty's subjects in this island, to give the fullest
publicity to this my Proclamation.
" Given under my hand and seal at arms, at Jago de
13 Yoga, this 29th day of June, in the year of
our Lord 1833, and in the 4th year of his Ma-
jesty's reign.
" MULGRAVE."

rIVIERARA PAPERS.

PROCLAMATION OF SIR J. C. S3IITH.
" I was only sworn yesterday into the high and im-
portant office which his Majesty has thought proper to
intrust into my hands, and you may judge yourselves,
by my losing so little time in addressing you after my
arrival, of the value I attach to your welfare and happiness.
" You are all of you aware that it is the intention of
the King and of the people of England that your situations
shall be improved. What those improvements may be
are as yet under consideration. You may rely upon my
word, that whatever orders concerning you are received
by me, they shall forthwith be made known to you ; and
it will be my duty to curry those orders punctually into
execution. I wish to warn you, however, against all
impatience, disobedience to your masters, absence from

" J. C. SMITH "

We have been given to understand the vene-
rable Earl FORTESCUE is dangercusly IVestern Lu-
minary.
Considering the Parliament is still sitting,
nothing ever exceeded the present thinness of the town.
In the Park and fashionable streets scarcely an equipage
can be discovered, while at most of the club-houses the
" last man" wanders through the deserted apartments in
solitary wretchedness.
Mr. O'CONNELL left town yesterday, for
Ireland. His return to Lontion was to accompany a
Committee of mere intile gentlemen, appointed at a meet-
ing in Dublin, to have an interview with some Members
of his MAJESTY'S Government, on the subject of the late
fire at the Custom-house storehouses of that city.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, WED-
NESDA Y.-The demand for Cotton has been unusually brisk
to-day. Not less than 10,000 bags have been sold, at an
advance of id. per lb. on the prices of yesterday, and of
full id. on those of Friday.
DECREASED CONSUMPTION OF HOPS.—
The consumption of hops during four years of the last
century was greater by nearly 37,000,000 lbs. than it
was during the last four years. The Government reve-
nue was, in 1815, 215,4411. ; in 1824, 258,838/. ; in
1831, only 153,125/.—Martires Taxation of the Bri-
tish Empire.
The St. George Steam-packet Company's
splendid steam-ship Severn arrived off the Tower yester-
day morning, at four o'clock, having performed the voyage
from Cork to Plymouth in 26 hours, and from Plymouth
to London in the short apace of 31 hours, being extraor-
dinary despatch from the south of Ireland.
THE BULLION TRADE.—The gradual fall
in the rates of the foreign exchanges, and the extensive
exportations of the precious metals, has become the
subject of some conversation in the moneyed and com-
mercial classes. The fallowing statement will show the
extent to which the exportations of specie have been
carried :—since the first of the present month there have
been entered at the Custom-house for shipment to the
Continent very nearly 500,000 ounces of gold and silver
coin and bars. The entries for Hamburg have been
nearly 220,000 ounces of gold coin and silver coin and
bars ; to Calais, 74,000 ounces of silver coin and bars;
to Rotterdam, 102,000 ounces of gold and silver coin and
bars; to St. Petersburg, 71,000 ounces of silver coin and
bars ; and to the Mauritius, 30,000 ounces of silver coin.
Of these large entries, there have already been actually
shipped off to Hamburg 10,500 ounces of gold coin,
190,800 ounces of silver coin and bars ; and to St.
Petersburgh 47,000 ounces of silver coin and bars, besides
other amounts.

ALEXANDER AND Co.'s BANKRUPTCY.-
In the Bankruptcy Court, yesterday, a meeting of the cre-
ditors of Alexander and Co. was held. Fourteen debts,
amounting in the whole to 40,0001. were proved. One
gentleman, who proved for 39,000 rupees, stated that he
bad been 20 years in India, and that his claim was for
pay, pension, and prize-money which he bad hardly earned
in the service.—Mr. Kearsey, the solicitor to the commis-
sion, said that it was intended to send to India a list of
the debts which had been proved in this country, as it was
desirable to ascertain whether those persons who had
proved their debts here would wish to receive the dividends
in England or India. By the Act of Parliament, regulat-
ing proceedings of that description, it was provided that
those persons who resided within the limits of the Charter
of the East India Company should prove in India, and
receive their dividends there, but those persons residing
beyond the limits of the Company's Charter, had an elec-
tion to prove in this country or in India.—Mr.Whitmore,
the official assignee, said, an opinion was entertained that
those creditors who proved in India would be entitled to a
share in the distribution of the assets in that country, and
those who proved here would be entitled to a share of the
assets in this country. I❑ fact, he had received a letter
from a gentleman contending that such was the case. It
was, however, a misapprehension. The assignees in India
and the assignees in England would account with each
other ; and if there were not sufficient funds in this
country to pay the dividends, some must be remitted from
India for that purpose.--Mr. Kearsey said, in answer to
the Commissioner, that there were several questions to be
settled before any money could be divided. It would be
necessary to compute the interest due on each debt, and to
ascertain from what time that interest should be computed.
In fact, every proof which had been received must undergo
revision.—The Commissioner remarked, that at least
eight months must elapse before the answers would be
received from the creditors who had gone to India.—Mr.
Kearsey said, that money would not come in so fast as
was supposed. The India Board had given the bankrupts
permission to carry on their business in India, and indigo
was increasing in price. All the money belonging to the
bankrupts was invested in that business; and therefore
there was not any to be divided among the creditr,rs.—
The meeting then adjourned.

SLAVE TRADE.-ORIGIN, CHARACTER,
AND EXTENT.—HENRY, King of PORTUGAL, under SU..
thority from three Roman Pontiffs, as early as the year
1454, took possession of several islands and havens on the
coast of Africa, and took thence many slaves, some by
force, and some by barter. The Portuguese first im-
ported slaves into Hispaniola in 1508 ; and into their
Brazilian Colonies in 1517. For more than three
centuries some of the Christian Powers of Europe have
been engaged in this traffic ; and for more than a century
and a half it was prosecuted by all Christendom with
extraordinary zeal and energy. The French Guinea
Company contracted, in 1702, to supply the Spanish
West Indies with 38,000 negroes in ten years. In 1713
there was a treaty between England and Spain for the
importation of 144,000 negroes in thirty years. Some
have estimated the whole number of slaves exported
from Africa since the origin of this trade at nearly
20,000,000. Query ? Does it not appear from this
account that the slave trade has been carried on under the
sanction of religion as well as law ; and that those who
have acquired a property in slaves have an equal right
with the rest of their fellow subjects to have that
property
protected.---Americun Paper.
niotiument of white marble has been erected
in the city of New York to the memory of the late
THOMAS ADDIS EMMETT, Esq. The monument stands
in one of the most conspicuous places in the city of New
York. The foundation is laid six feet deep in the natural
earth, and inclose, a hollow square, in which is depo-
sited a large glass bottle, hermetically sealed, containing
various documents. It is covered by a plinth, in one
block of white marble, seven feet square, and one foot
inch high. It is three feet six inches square at
six inches thick. The surmounting obelisk is thirty feet
likeness, white
Below one
at the base, and two feet square at the frustrum. It con-
sits of n
marble. One
thisO i
ne tshirtdhe E
fronnagltishiei
top
inscription; immediately after is a device representing the
American eagle, supported by an Americon and Irish
hand, clasped and crossing over the Irish harp unstrung.
con-
sists
sa oe
medallion piece of
The whole weight of plinth and obelisk is 21 tons 14 cwt.
2 qrs. 15 lbs.

your dutios, insubordination, rioting, or illegally amen'.
bling. The peace and tranquillity of the country must
maintained ; and if you adopt any other conduct than
that which becomes peaceable and obedient subjects, you
will compel me, however unwillingly, to employ force to
uphold the existing laws. Remain quietly and peaceably,
therefore, at your several employments, and you may rely
with confidence upon my communicating to you whatever
changes may be ordered from England for your advantage.
" I have been told that some foolish people amongst
you imagine they are to be made free altogether, by which
they understand that they are not to be required to per-
form any more work. Be assured, my friends, that this
is a very great mistake, and which can only lead to
discontent and disappointment. Every man in this world
is required to work in some way or other ; and by the
command of the Almighty Father of us all, we must all
and each of us acquire our bread with the sweat of our
brow. In what mariner it may be decided that your
situations shall be improved, no person in this colony
can at present truly tell you ; be assured, however, that
moderate labour will be expected and exacted from every
one of you.

" I trust that you wiil seriously consider and reflect on
what I have said, and conduct yourselves accordingly.
Your old people must see the great changes and improve-
ments which have been effected within a few years in the
state of the slaves. Do not you, by impatience and
improper conduct, force his Majesty's Government to go
backwards instead of forwards in regulating the connexion
and the nature of the duties to be severally performed by
your masters and yourselves.
"It is my intention, as soon as I can find sufficient
leisure, to visit every part of this colony; and it will afford
me the greatest pleasure to find you all happily and busily
employed at the different estates, and to hear from your
own lips that whatever improvements you, in your several
situations, may be desirous to obtain, yet that you are
convinced that it is only by your good conduct you
can expect to induce the King and the people of England
to take further interest in your welfare.
" Given under my hand and seal of office, at the King's
House, in Georgetown, British Guiana, this 28th
day of June, 1833, and in the 4th year of his
Majesty's reign.
