.
-11

' . • I.
, t• , !-,41
Inquest was held o.ite':,-dq,
Martin's-Jane,atTl,l
the O•oacl'ao.,
Horses, in StMartin's-Jane,ane, 11y ANON Y. 6.ELT.t
Esq. on ithe body-,of.Mrs. Anna. Mania. K.,anerkey,
who (bed on 'Nest* lasts itv.conseqtience;of beiog
dreadfully burned- at her' house in St. .I\r`lartin's-

Court. : . . . : • •
Mr. R(sbert Downes, a Clerk to M. Kennerley,
said, that he slepton the grou• d-tioor ; on Tuesday
morning last, about half-past one, o'clock, be Wati
awakened by some noise in the houses the witness
ran .up stairs, acid, between the first and secant:l
floor stairs, he met Mrs: Kennerlq, who was run?

_ .
nine down With her clothes on -fire, ,a.:14 she tp!.-,
claimed, ." Robert, assist me.". T..e, witness went
into
,the 'first floor bAck-roorn to get some. clothes to
wrap "round Mrs.. Kenneriey, who followed him
into the room.; not finsling any thing, he attempted
to get up the drawing-room carr.et,but it vas nai!ed
to•the poor; then, with his hatids he,tried to.extin7
guish her clothes, which.were burning very rapidly,
in the attempt he burned one of hands he next
ran down stairs to get the counterpane otF. his bed,
and ran again up•stairs with it ; he met Mr. Penja7

min. Ford, who had been alarmed by tl4 noise; lie
desired him to tyke the, counterpane, find go and
wrap it round Mrs. kennerley,
_The witness qenf-
ed the street-door, and called in
.some persons who
,were passing at the time, and desired them to render
assistance ; they went ‘op.into the second 11:).or

room, and found one side of the bed in ffitr.,-..4,
which they extinguished. There was a
_ . .

close to tlie bed-side ; there wasno-candle ici it ; it

appeared to. have I).!ett bkiTut do.-Vrt to the sculei
the witness setit for Dr. Thoinas, aud:,tiOlan-
titerstnith, W inform .?Jr., Kennerley oldie tnelatt

choly accident. The- Nirittless aittlA-iads went up
and a.s,iiiited Mi s. Kenneriey ddwn stairs, and laid her

on his bed. She did not, give any account ho
the accident.b3ppened,. and appeared perfectiy sen-

s' i

sable, and in 4!readful agdny ; the skin WilS CO:117
pletely burnt off her hands, and several parts of -
her body ; her face was also very. much scorz.bed.
Mr. George Benjamin Ford sai,t, he was..-t
-shop-
man to Mr. Kennerley ; on Tne,day Morning last
he was awakened' by the smell .of fife and
noise in the.hou;,e ; he ran down stars undre..el, .
and met Mr.-Bowntt on the first stairs,' who gave
him a c, unterpane, and told trim to go into the tir,t
floor bed-room, and throw it on Mrs. Kennel-ley,'
while be went to call'a.isistance; the f tiad
Mrs. Kennerley on a matress, s hick w on the
bedstead, there being ho other bedding itttha't room;
he -wrapped the connterpane round - the Lit ce.o.eci.;
ana extingu.shed,tht fire; she appeared to him vs!iy
much burn', lalr,did not speak. A aentlovonnta
entering the room 40 realer assistance, the,w it nesi
went up into the second floor, to see if the fire was
-out ; part of, .the _bed clothes had been burnt, and
'some clean li,en wg, on -the bed, and a Ondles:ck
was by the bedrsute, burned quite:
Dr. Thom‘ts sate, on Ti slay muriring last, Sex
tweets two and three o'cro: k, he came ,to Mr. Ken. •
nerley's house, in St: i'lartin's-C.iurt, :sfil• foiled
Mrs. Kennerley ~n a bed on the ground tlo,r ; she
Was complaining of excessive pain ; upon examina;=-•
lion he found' she was peadludy burned in the
trunk and upper oxtremittes. It was very clear that
.her death was inevitanle, and he directed his. atten-
tion to give her present relief. She expired about fi-ve
o'clock o'clock in the afternoon of the sa(it
The deceased was perfeCtly sensible, and acknowa
ledged the great attention (hit had been paid to her
by every one present.---The Jury rewr,.ed a verdia -
of—Accidental Death. •
. The report of Mr. KENNEWei clerk having died;
in consequence of the fright, was not correct, as ue
was only scorched in the right hand.
An Inquest was 'held on Thursday, by A. GitcL,-
Esq. at the Northumberland Arms, in Nurrlnan-
berland-street, on the body of Mr. Thomas Jones,
a coal-merchant, who lived in John-street, .Golden
square, and was drowned on Wednesday,=—Mary
Ann Lloyd said, she lived inn house at Mr. Wo6ll'a
wharf, called Northumberland Wharf, On Weds.
nesday morning, while looking out of her win:tcrw).
she saw Mr. Jones fall off one the barges in the
river; and although prompt assistance was 4iveni
he was unfortunately drowned. A brother of the
deceased said, his brother was very- stihjea to a_
giddiness in the heni, and he had 'not the least
doubt but that was the cause of his railing off the:
barge. The Jury returned a verd.d of Accidental
Death.
On Wednesday last an inquisition was taken in
Birmingham, On .the body of George Austin; who
was Mortally ;sounded in thelselly, on Sunday night,
the 15th inst,int, with a sword; by Charles Ellis;
which he drew from, a cane. The-unfortuna-te Man
languished till the Tuesday following; not u
tho
died. !After a long investigation,-the J-ciy adjOufn-
ed to Thursday morning,. when they tesunird their
inquiry ; after•w
,they returned a verdict of
Wilful Murder against the said, Charles Ellis, who
was in consequence commttted by the Coroner;
Mr. WHATELEY, to Warwick gaol, to take his trial
at-the next AsldZ,!s for the same. .

The French' say that the English gf.neral-Fv, pass
the first of April in potery; but urely th6.efinderiet
are better than the mode in.whrch tine Freocll I,aSsvd:
toe ,aole day, viz. in paying such hotna,, :0 theit
tyrant, at his marriage, as demonstrated abft
j:71.3 slavery:
In the Ad for making the ClicltenNam Jr in
way it' is sagely ordered,. that ~he,Cortnit'3:tels
shall hold their first Meeting on Tues:l4, the
day of --; " but - should a ce,Ttam. her not
then assemble, the- Meeting is to 4e adjouhicd
weekly, from Tuesday to •Tuesday,-MI:il the regn,,
lat d number should assemble, unless it sltbuld fan
On Easter Sunday or Good Friday, which
,t;ilsc
such Meeting- should be Held on the ".iiesLczy irante..
diately following."

That magnificent work, the F, 'Atone 1-11kbatir
is carrying.on with ;
Sand is even
now a protection to coasters. The arrneo schounr
• priateer, the True Briton, of Leo tO6S, Cai;;e #.sn
Saturday last, to 'refit ; and vessels of a 1:-"4S de-
seription, are daily taking sheher from tie West.
ern Wall. Great credit is due to the D rectors
of this- undertaking, whot,e exertion's to att.iin this
grand object are indefatigable. ,Tl:es Pier may
now be said to. be one-thitd •ai,rl, from
the facility with which the immenee ro Its e g
placed-, we may j'uttge that two years it wii;
.corppleto,

sr

E

r::.
y

e i
