THE SU.N, LONDON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBIER 29 1:10.

they thought the Act of Parliament would authorize
them to take sureties of Lord Cardigan in the mod
suggested by Mr. Adolphus, and they directed that hi:
Lordship should enter into his own recognizance it
2,0001., with two sureties of 1,0001. each for his appear.
ance, to answer the charge of shooting at Capt. Hem)
Tuckett, with intent to murder him, wheneve,
charge should be preferred against him, and Capt.
Douglas and Capt. Wainwright were ordered to enter
into their own recognizance in the sum of 500/., with
two sureties for each in the sum of 250/.

CITY OF LONDON PENSION
SOCIETY.

.
A general meeting of the subscribers to the above
benevolent and excellent Institution, was held yesterday
at the Society's rooms, 7, Ironmonger-lane, Cheapside,
for the purpose of receiving the annual report of the
Directors and Auditorseof the Society for the past year,
and of electing the officers of the Society for the year
ensuing.
JOSEPH PEARSON HAYWARD, Esq., ORO of the Di-
rectors, was called to the Chair.
The minutes of the last general annual meeting,
having been read, and confirmed,
'I he SECRETARY proceeded to read the Report for the
present year, which commenced by alluding to the in-
stitution of the Society in the year 1818, under the im-
mediate sanction of the parents of her Majesty, for the
purpose of granting pensions to decayed artisans and
.nechenics, and also their widows. At its first institu-
tion the pensions granted were thirty-one shilling,
per month to men, and twenty-two shillings per
month to women, and so flourishing was the Institution
at one period that 10,0001. per annum had been given
away in pensions. Other Societies had, however, been
founded upon the same principles, and the consequence
had been that at one time the parent Society had been
nearly deserted. So low had their funds become that
in 1833 the pensions to the men had been reduced to
3s. a month, and those to the women to 2s. The Re-
port then animadverted on the great injustice of those
who, having placed pensioners on its funds had withdrawn
their subscriptions, and left the Society to struggle
through the difficulties entailed upon it by such unjust
conduct. Latterly, however, the Society had been re-
covering from its adversities, and the Directors had, in
consequence, been enabled from time to time to increase
the pens'ons, which, at the beginning of 1840, had been
raised to 9s. 6d. per month for the men, and 7s. per
month for women. In January last her Majesty the
Queen Dowager had been requested to become the Pa-
troness of the Institution ; with this request her Ma-
jesty had been graciously pleased to comply, and bad,
through the Hon. W. Ashley, sent the Society 101.,
which she had been graciously pleased to signify her in-
tention of continuing as an annual subscription. His
Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge had also
kindly been pleased to take the chair at a public
dinner in aid of the funds of the Institution
on the 28th of May last, on which occasion
3161. 7s. bad been collected for the Society. The Di-
rectors. therefore proposed that, after the month of
November next, the pensions of the men should be in-
creased to 10:. 6d. per month, and those of the women
to Bs.

The Report was then ordered to be received,
printed, and circulated among the sub3cribers.
It was ordered that a deputation be appointed to
wait upon the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor for the
year ensuing, to make a special application to him for
his support to the Society, and to request him to ac-
cept the office of President for the year ensuing.
Riziit Hon. Lord Chief Justice Tindal, his
Grace the Duke of Buccleugh, Lord Viscount Lake,
and 11. T. Hope, E,q., were elected Vice-Presidents,
in addition to B. B. Cabell, Esq., and the other Vice-
Presidents of the past year, who were unanimously ro-
cketed.

A &T nation was ordered to wait upon the Sheriffs
elect to 11.eir support.
it was moved by Jr. MAGUIRE, and seconded by
Mr. DENHAM, that the Duke of D.:•.'oshir:?, the Mar-
quis of Br,adalbane, and Mr. .?,-derznan Hooper, be
requested to become Vice. Presidents. .

- D:reetors of last car were re.eiected, and, ii
idiCton, Jaales E Clowser, D
Bedford, E q. Morison, Eich North, Esiq ,any
the 11..2v. Mr. Webster.

Henry F. Rehardson, Esq Honor. ry Scretr.ry,
MI 4111 fi);11.iS!). re-elected, and the thank* of the So-
ciety voted to him for his service::: 61uring the past ye .r.
atld more patticularly for the great zeal, industry, and
pervuerance manifested by Kim at the public dinner.
Tins vote of tha .ks Was ordered to be placed in a con-
spicuous part of the Board-room. Mr. Rchardson,
woo :teknowiecir,,ld the compliment in a very neat speech.
,vas received ,vith loud cl!oers by the meeting. Thanks
were afso vottd to the Ret. Mr. Faulkater, Cle Chap-
hen, who tvo-, elected a Vie:-President ; to the Audi-
tors, Messrs. Howell, Spink, arid Waterman, and to
Mr. Allen, ne Collector ; to the !atter gent! man a
gritnity Of 101. for coact) hire was' voted in addition to
his poundage on the subscriptions,' which only amounted
to 211.1. Oe a vote of thanks being proposed to the
Chairman,
SECIRETmIy .(Mr. Richardson) said that Mr.
"nal-ward had ever been one of the fi-mest friends of
the Society, and that at a time when there had been the
greatest difficulty in raising- funds for the payment of
the pensioners, they had only to make application to
Mr. Harvard, and whether it was for 20/. or for 100/.
he had always been ready with a check for the amount
receired.

The motion was then carried by acclamation, and the
meeting separated. From the audited accounts, it ap-
pears that the Society has at present in the bank a ba-
lanco of 6331. Bs.

DINNER TO COLONEL SALWEY, M.P.—The
Reformers of Ludlow have invited their worthy representa-

tivc, Colonel S.dwey, to a public dinner early next month
(October), which invitation he has accepted. It is ex-
pected also that several other eminent Members of Parlia •
Trent will honour th:., meeting wi!li their presence. The
day fixed was Thursday, the Bth; but we understand that,
in consequence of the death of the .Princess Augusta, seve-
ral of the most distinguished guests will not be able to at-
tend, and consequently the day is postponed for a week or
so. A numerous Committee of the Electors is appointed
to superintend the management of the festivity, who will,
no doubt, discharge the duty of their office in a manner
that will be satisfactory to the large and respectable party
expected on the occasion. We rejoice to learn that the
Shropshire registration has so far proved eminently favour-
able to the Liberals.—Stafford Examiner.
THE BUBBLE FAMILY, BY LADY BULWER.
—Those readers who delighted in the tableaux painted by
Lady Bulwer in her interesting and popular novel of
" Cheveley," will have, we understand, a still richer treat
in the scenes, adventures, and gallery of portraits to be

presented by her Ladyship in her new novel of " The
Budget of the Bubble Family," now on the eve of publica-
tion. In the preface to this " Budget, Lady Bulwer
thus openly avows that " everything, possible and almost
impossible, has been done to prevent the book appearing
at all ; and with regard to the dfferent personages of the
Bubble Family,' I have no doubt that their characters will
be thought overdrawn. I can only assure the public, that
every one of their sayings, doings, seeings, and adventures
are subdued far under the originals, and that Lord John
Bubble is not Lord John Russell.'"
THE NEW WORK BY LOVETT AND CC L-
LINS —Col. Thompson, in a late letter, speaks in ,See
highest terms of this guide-book for the Chartists, eed
particularly of that part of it which treats of educati
The following are his words—" They have a most reas; e..
able doubt of the propriety of giving up the education et
their children to any Government, and the strongest s
horrence' of giving any such power to an irresponsilee
one. The abhorrers are right. For what assignable tea
son does anybody think Miss Monflathers, or any other
personification of educational ardour, applies herself to the
training of 'the lower orders,' except for the purpose of
training them in the way it is for her interest they should
go ? This has in all ages been the polished arrow in the
quiver of that [transit of despotic power, which did not pro-
fess to act in.mediately by pike organ Give us the Op-
portunity to mould the minds of the people (rem their youth
trp ; allow us to fill their minds with the ideas of false duties,
false crimes, and ingraft the habits of not fearing where
they ought, and of- fearing where they ought not ; and,
though we will not admit their entire security from change,
hill engage that you the interested shall acknowledge
the benefit of the results.' And in this there is nothing so
monsa.rous after all. Would you vote your money to teach
what peu think directly opposed to the interests of your
class ? 'The inference is clear ; what you. want doing, do
for like other people. Be assured the upper
classes'never give sixpence, but to get a crown's
yo ur se
w'tivier S'
wale., from you, There are a few talkers, who may mean
; but they will be allowed to talk and nothing else,
tlee profitable conclusion just hinted at is in some way
coteplcd with closing their plans. To conclude then, the
Chi artist leaders have struck out a great het ; and any-
bod y who opposes it, wants to keep the Chartists in iglu,
sane,' s for interested purposes. It does not follow that
everybody who wants to see them learn, is right in what
be esou:d propose to them for their studies; but it is clear
that he dares submit his proposals for what may come of
therm by exemination and inquiry, arid that the opposite
C.I)Q date s riot."
There is scarcely an inven:nn of striking merit,
i egen.uity, and skill, that does not rouse the cupidity of ig-
teerant pretenders, who unblushingly come fo7th with their
spurious imitations ; this applies to those valuable inven
teas of the Messre. S. end B. Solornoes, 39, Albemarle-
sere et, Piccadilly, and 76, King Wdlism-street, Bank of
Easelend, the ncwiy.invented levisible Operative Voice
sre'ssesluctors, which have relieved thousands of individuals
a3.3310,n,-1 with extreme deafness ; and the improved Specta-
cle- Lens's for defective vision, the transparent brilliancy
aret superior excellence of which over all other Speetecles
Lars , gained the patronsge Cie Rey-s 1 Family, and the
yogi taiitied ae,p;ohation of Acre four hundred of the vie-
+ :{#4 M C1T16,111 ut the medical profession, the, having
c i e n so touch repeee end celebrity that nuineeous
v sit :.:Is, assuese the narae of s-
y to London and varioue,lemons ; this u e oes. not apply
parts of the country, but to
fr 'and, Scetl.:nd, and on the Contieent, all 'have en-
veurcd to iientete the Messrs. Selornons's new inven-
ff.,4 i; but the materials being a secret to themselves, and
t• 31 various. mode of their application to the car and eye
int ;,,,,,feg. known to them, their spurious have
eat ; ;Jot e been found to b r useless:. The Messrs. Sol :
(oppesito 51 e
mote; have no comics:lion whatever with persona of the
sac,;(3 ; theie ieventions are solely coefie, d
tip.lr esieblisineeete. :39, E,...lievenarlzestrect,
York Hotel), zed Ki;,g qietetts-strnet, Beek,

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC ,JOURN itiAtz-.

FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)
The well-reasoned and well-timed article from the 1
Scotsman, to which the Times returns this morning, ,
and of which the " leading Journal " affects to speak
contemptuously, as "the Scotch article," is evidently a
;ore subject with the Tories. The clear and forcible
exhibition of the dates, facts, and circumstances relating
to the defeats sustained by Tory Governments on ques-
tions of far greater moment to the policy and character
of those Governments than any to which the present
Ministry has beep subjected, has so completely an-
swered the party clamours against Ministers for retaining
office notwithstanding such defeats, that the Times
applies its best powers, both of sophistry and abuse, to
show that the defeats of the Tories were not of such a
character, nor followed up by such repetitions, as either
to defeat the principles, or to damage the character of
their government ; while those of the Whigs was pro-
ductive of both. As vituperative epithets neither
strengthen argument nor establish facts, but, on the con-
trary, manifest a conscious destitution of both, we can
well afford to make the Times a present of all the ad-
vantages which can be derived from the choice flowers
of rhetoric which embellish the article before us. The
Times, in common with most public writers, is invari-
ably most abusive when most at a loss to make out a
case, or when rendered angry by the exposure of the
faliehood of some asserted fact, or the demolition of
some favourite theory. Two concessions are
made by our Contemporary, which have been
wrung from his reluctance, to which we will
briefly advert, before we proceed to expose the
fallacy and falsehood of his most important statements.
The first is, that the comparison of the several defeats
of the two parties, so far as relates to the present ad-
ministration, are to be confined to the session of 1840 ;
the second is, that the vote in reduction cf Prince
Albert's allowance was net properly such a defeat of
the Ministry as to be deserving of being so designated.
We thank the Times for both these concessions. The
latter stands forth in striking contrast from the notes of
triumph struck by the Tory press upon the occasion.
The Times is now " aware that almost all allowances
to Royal persons from the public purse are vastly un-
popular in the country, and therefore briskly opposed
by great numbers of those who are otherwise the fast
adherents of the Ministry."
(From the Standard.)
The Morning Chronicle to-day offers a long defence
of Ministers against the charge that they ought to have
taken the manifold hints" of the necessity of resigning
tendered by the House of Commons in the course of
last Session. We have some difficulty in meeting the
argument of our Contemporary, because, if it have in-
fluenced the conduct of Ministers we are pleased at its
success, for nothing in our opinion can be more desirable
than that the game of the Whigs shall be fully played
out, than that they shall show unequivocally the sordid-
ness of their system by clinging to office, until they are
dispossessed by actual force. Such an exhibition will
he illustrative of more than the character of the
men ; it will cast a reflecting light upon all their
measures of the last ten or twelve years, in.
brining the public of the real motive of all the
violent changes the country has been made to undergo
—changes, let us observe also, not affecting Great Bri-
t tin alone, but the whole civilised world, as the present
reform and war manie in France vary clearly demon
strives ; yes, all this is the work of the ascendancy of
Whig principles, asserted by Tory Governments acting
upon Whig principles, or by Whigs in person. M.Thiers
is as 'nue!, indebted to the English Wiligs for his posi-
tion as Mr. Wakley or Mr. O'Connell. When we see,
however, so great a fire kindled by seemingly so small a
spark, k cannot be unprofitable to trace the incendiary and
to detect his motive ; it is, therefore, well when we bring
the Whigs to confess, that they will do anything, suffer
nny thine, rather than relinquish the emoluments of office.
The Morning Chr,»zicle has been led into its pre-
sent line of reasoning by a pre-eminently absurd article
which appeared some time ago in the Scolsizzan, ba-
laneing the defeats of the Ministers in the four or five
months of the last Session, by a• list of Tory reverses,
collected from the parliamentary contests of more
than twenty-one years. 'fills was ridiculous enough
—as ridiculous as the device of a Vrench writer, who
s,'t off Dunkirk, Fontenoy, and the recovery of Calais,
picked up from about three centuries, against the thick
s.lecession of victories which adorned the arms of
Great Britain in the first fifteen years of the present
century. But, as if in order to make the matter more
extravagant, the Scotsman has thought proper to claim
as victories over the Tory Ministers successes mainly
owing to the exertions oftese Ministers themselves.
(From the Courier.)
It is. we believe, generally, if not universally true,
that obstacles, repulses, and even repeated defeats, but
add fresh strength and energy to the passion, whatever
6e its aim or character, by which individual minds are
exclusi v ely cogrosscd, It is on this principle alone that I
the appearacce_and conduc. of Mr.,Gibsou before the
electors of 'l4lancliester, on Friday last, in the eltareetcr
of a candidate .for Vog.jr s.utTrawes.can. ttAlAimet.iadoounted
for or cuon.oonaprolncotteit The..master pasel.r..of that
gentleman's soul in a longitig -tar a seat,io the House of
Commons. The repeated rejections he.has experienced
under circumstances the most galling to his pride, ap-
pear to have had nceother effect on him than to stimulate
him to renewed efforts. Defeated at Ipswich, the foun-
tain-head of his political existence, be turned with eager
embraces towards Cambridge. Alas for baffled ambition,
the account of his sudden, and on that account sus-
picious conversion from the extreme of Toryism to that
of Radicalism had gone before him, and an ignominious
defeat was the consequence. The repudiation of,all
his former principles (if sveathercock politicians of 114
stamp can be supposed ever to have had any) availed
him not—and equally unavailing was the unbridled
license of his tongue in vituperating those whom he lied
di serted, we will not say betrayed, and in lauding'
those with wham he bad then allied himself. It was in
vain that he " swallowed" on that occasion, without
grimace or grumbling, the toughest, and, to a•sensitive,
mind, the utast revolting pledges of ultra-Radical-
ism ; it was in vain that he attempted by the impas-
sioned zeal and indiscreet eiolence of a recent convert
to atone for the sins of his former brief political ca-
reer, " lateri lethalis adhaeret arundo"—a suspicion of
political insincerity attached to his character, and Cain-
bridge, by a large majority of electors, repudiated him.
One might suppose that these defeats would have some-
what.cooled the ardour of this aspirant foe Parliamen-
tary honours ; not so, however, for since that time he
has been eagerly on the look out for a vacancy, or the
chance of one, and rumour having whispered abroad
the speedy retirement of one of the Members for Man-
chester, Mr. Gibson forthwith opened a communication
with a clique styling itself the Reform Association,
composed for the most part, we are informed, of elec•.
don agents, local intriguers, and politicz] busy-bodies ;
by it he is brought out on the stage to be examined and
catechised in the various articles constituting his po-
itieal creed by Chartists and Socialists.

WONDERFUL ESCAPE.—The crew, six in
number, of a Lerwick herring boat, that had been among
sailers driven off the Shetland Isles in the storm of the
10th instant, were landed at Dover on Thursday. They
were picked up at sea, in great distress, by a Flemish
fisherman, and carried into Nieuport, thence they were
sent to Dover by the Ostend packet. There they obtained
the means of proceeding homeward, from the Dover Alms-
house Charity, and were sent off, via London, next morn-
ing. The boat sunk immedately after the Shetlandmen
were taken out of her. She had been kept afloat for a
long time previously, by the sheer force of pumping. The
crew were three days and nights without sustenance of
any kind.
THE CORN TRADE.—The quantity of foreign
wheat entered in British ports for consumption during the
last few weeks, is estimated at about one million quar-
ters. The produce of this to the growers abroad, at the
average net value of fifty shillings per quarter, including
the charge for freight, which goes into the pockets of
foreign shipowners, would be upwards of two millions and
a quarter sterling. In Leith, two weeks ago, duty was
pail on one hundred and thirty thousand quarters of grain
(instead of twenty-eight thousand, as formerly stated);
one firm alone releasing between twenty thousand and
thirty thousand quarter's of wheat ; and another between
ten thousand and twelve thousand quarters of the same
grain.—Scotsman.
The World, a Dublin paper gives the following
character of some of its countrymen:—" To one well ac-
quainted with life in Dublin—conversant with all the place-
hunting and jobbing which are to be found running through
every cranny and crevice of society—nothing well could
appear more Quixotic than for any journalist who sought
to thrive harbourin for a moment the idea of holding up
such iniquitous practices to public reprobation. From the
Lord Mayor, the father of the city, down to the humblest
patriot who bawls at a parish meeting, you discover the
place-seeker, or champion of some self-interested scheme.
The putting in a judge, or the putting out a gaoler—the
aecoucheur who brings the wretched foundling into the
world, or the coroner who, a few years hence, inquires the
cause of his strangulation—the projector of a bank—the
builder of a workhouse--have all a relation to jobbing and
corTHEruption."
NEW NAVAL ENGINE.—It is settled by
the Tory organs that England is to be ruined because
some wonderful discovery, that i 3 to blow every thing to
pieces in " no time," has not been adopted by the Ad.
miralty ; but what the exact discovery is, or how we are
to bring it into use, and yet keep it so secret that foreign '
powers shall not find cut how to imitate it, does not appear.
We happen to have beard something of the dark infernal
machine now alluded to, and when we tell the public that
at the very time it 'vas effared to the English Govern
west, it had been already detailed to the French, oe
think th it the
people will feel pleased that wale thousands
of Hounds were not spent in buyieg nhat had been sell or
ha lan eel about else where. Private Correspondent of Glas-
gow Argils.
THE ORIENTAL STEAMER.—Accounts have
this day been received of this vessel's arrival at :sialta on
the 12th inst., at 1 30 ram , alter a pas;age of 239 hours
from Falmouth. Thus arriving three hours within the
time allowed by the Adm'ralty. Upon the arrival of the 1
French mail steamer from Alexandria, bringing intelligence i
of -all beiroe quiet at that
.port, the Orieotai left Nlalta 1
for Alexandria' the Leila mails end
passengers on the
15 I, instent. at 4 P.M. TnU report of her having been •
stopped at Malta is thus l=oved to be without foundation,

POLICE INTELLIGENCE,

MANSION-HO USE.

A Frenchman named Eugene Teobale Tillot was
brought up for final examination, charged with having
defrauded tradesmen to a very large amount.
The prisoner said that he did not understand the
English language, but there were several present who
said that he could speak it perfectly well. He had been
twice remanded, but no evidence was heard until yes-
terday.
Mr. Chambers, the barrister, appeared for the prose-
cution, and Mr. Humphreys, the solicitor, attended for
the prisoner, who had absconded from his creditors, and
been apprehended upon a warrant in the Island of Jersey.
Mr. Chambers said that the prisoner pretended, in his
dealing with Mr. Storar, a warehouseman, that he had a
partner in Paris to whom he wished to send goods to a
considerable amount. Relying upon the truth of the
statement that the order was to be transmitted to that
place, and that the prisoner had a partner there, to whom
a former parcel of goods had been sent from the firm,
Mr, Storar supplied the goods, at the same time receiv-
ingone-third of the amount in cash. Subsequently it
was ascertained that the goods stated by the prisoner to
have been sent to the abovementioned destination were
sold to a person in London. The Learned Counsel
contended that the prisoner had obtained the goods
under false pretences, in stating that he had transmitted
a former parcel of goods to his partner in Paris, which
was false in fact. Other persons, from whom goods had
been obtained by the prisoner, had caused him to be
made bankrupt, but Mr. Storar had not interfered in
the bankruptcy, nor treated the prisoner as a trader at all.
Mr. Humphreys submitted to the Lord Mayor, that
upon the statement of the Learned Counsel the case
was one which (if proved) did not amount in a legal
sense to the offence imputed, for it had been held by the
Judgest hat a false pretence must be something more
than a naked lie, and something against which common
prudence could not guard. If such a transaction as
that of which the prisoner was accused were to be
deemed fraudulent, every person who should become
unfortunate in trade would be liable to an indictment
for fraud.

The LORD MAYOR said it was a common practice
with schemers to pay for part of an order, in order to
insure the execution of the whole ; and ordered that
the evidence should be taken down.

Mr. William Salter Storar stated that he was a part-
ner in the houie of Thomas Storar and Co., of No. 90,
Watling-street, warehousemen. In June last the pri-
soner came to the warehouse, inquired what the terms
of doing business were, and said that he was buying
goods at three months. Witness replied that it was the
custom of the house, in dealing with merchants, to have
cash monthly. Witness then received the order pro-
duced from the prisoner, and supplied him with twelve
pieces of linen, to the amount, according to in•
voice, of 281. 18s. The prisoner had previously
said that he had a partner in Paris, through whom he
had the means of disposing of linens there, and he re-
quested, and received from witness patterns of linens
of different qualities, with the prices attached. A few
days after, witness received a second order, which the
firm could not execute until the 29th of June, not hav-
ing the requisite linens in the house. On that day he
sent the goods, which amounted, according to the in-
voice, to 83/. Bs. 3d., to the prisoner's office, Trinity-
chambers, Water-lane, Tower-street ; and in the invoice
it was specified that the goods were to be paid for on
the 31st of July following. On the 20th of July the
prisoner called again at the warehouse, and said that
his partner approved of the goods, and told him to send
a larger parcel of each number, from the lowest quality
up to the finest. Witness, perceiving that the order
was very extensive, required a reference, and the pri-
soner gave the names of his bankers, and of Scotch
warehousemen, but the result of the inquiry induced
the witness to decline to execute the last order, at the
same time that be admitted not having heard any thing
to the prejudice of the prisoner's character, and told
him that if he would pay half the amount in cash, the
goods should be sent to him. Shortly afterwards the
prisoner offered to pay one-third in cash, and the re.
mainder in thirty days, and the proposition was accepted,
and goods to the amount of 2171, 13s. 9d. were sent to
him, upon the deiivery of which he gave a check for
72/. 11s. 3d., which was duly pail. • It was impossible
for witness to say that he should have declined supplying
the prisoner with the third- parcel of goods if he had
known at the time he agi cod to'supplY them that the goods,
previously supplied had not been Sent to the prisoner's
partner in Paris, but it he had known that the previous
parcel of goods had been so d by the prisoner at a loss.
he certainly should not have trusted him with the third
parcel. The first parcel of goods was paid for on tne
11 th of • July, but the payment for the second parcel, •
which. was to have taken ple.ee on the 31st, was not
tnade, and the prisoner, with: all his bookS, had•disap-
peered before that-poi:A.
Mr. James Basset, merchant, of No. 8, Fenchureb-
buildings, said that he was acquamted with the pri•
s ner, and had had dealings with hiM about nine
Months previously to the .Ist of July. Oa that day
witness purchased goods to the amount of .70/. 10s. of
the prisoner, the particulars of which were specified in
the invoice produced. The price asked for them war
SO/. 10s. 6d., and witness agreed to purchase them it a
discount of 101. Os. 6d. were taken off, which was ac-
cordingly done, and witness paid the prisoner for the
goods with cash to the amount of ten guineas, arid sixty
pounds which, on the 15th of Juno previously, he had
lent the prisoner.

Frederick Atterbury said that lie was formerly clerk
to the prisoner. He believed that the goods referred
to in the invoice for 831. Bs. 3d. were delivered at the
prisoner's office in Trinity Chambers, and that he re-
ceived them on the 30th of June. They consisted, he
saw by the entry-book, of thirty-three pieces of Irish
linen ; on the same: day witness delivered these goods,
but he c.iuld riot say to whom, but he- to whom he
delivered them, gave him a receipt for them. When he
received these goods he found he had ordered them as
coming from Messrs. Storar and Co. Witness last saw
the prisoner on the 27th of July, when he told witness
that he was going home to dress in order to meet some
French merchants, to accompany them to various ware-
houses in the City. He, however, did not return on
that nor on the following days, on which witness at-
tended at the office, and witness never saw him again
until he was in custody.
Mr. Humphreys submitted that the prosecutor
having refused delivery of the goods without payment it
was quite evident that the goods were not obtained on
account of the representation about the prisoner's part-
ner in Paris, but in consequeace of payment of a third
of the money.

The LORD MAYoa was of opinion that there was
sufficient evidence of the intention to defraud to justify
him in sending the case to a jury for trial. Be
should, however, accept of good bail.
The prisoner has contrived, it was stated, to raise the
wind by dealings of this description, to the amount of
nearly 3,000/.

BOW-STREET.
Yesterday two middle-aged men of respectable ap-
pearance were brought before Mr. Jardine, charged
with being drunk on the previous night, and obstructing
persons, particularly females, as they passed them.
They gave the names of Loten Harrison and Hugh
Tate, and were described on the police sheet as having
no trade.

Alan Phillips, 48 F division, stated that at ten
o'clock, while on duty in Brydges-street, Covent-gar-
den, his attention was drawn by a gentleman passing to
flo defendants, whom he had observed insulting several
persons by pushing them into the carriage-way pave-
ment. The gentleman having gone away, witness fol-
c u tl
lowed them as they reeled along, until they came to the
corner of Southampton-street, when he saw the defen-
dant Tate
.lay hold of a respectable female in a most
indecent manner, which caused her to cry out for assis-
tance ; and several persons who had witnessed the cir-
cumstance conductwaswimtnoesstsdisgraceful.Constablesances ad
67t,hwho
their
joined
the
last
mo-
ment the assault was committed, corroborated his state-
ment.

Toe defendants both said that they were intoxicated,
and they had no recollection of the occurrence, for which
W
they were very sorry.
Mr. JARDINE—Was there any doubt that the person
treated in the manner described was a respectable fe.
male ? itness—She certainly
was, and she appeared
to be totally unprotected.
Mr. ZARDINE said that he could hardly conceive a
more disgraceful situation than that in which the de-
fendants, who seemed in a respectable station, were
placed, and instead of sending them to prison, be hoped
that by inflicting a penalty the ends of justice would be
ensured. Tate should
pay a fine of 31., and the other
40s. and be discharged.
paid The defendants i d the fine, and left the
Court.

THE W.. ATERMEN. On Saturday, at the
Mansion-house, a Waterman, of the name of Grace, was
fined 15s. and costs, and ordered to
for overcharging two bays sons of Dr. Bowring, in a
refund the difference
fare from a steamer off the' Tower to the stairs. The
D. Barring
like the defendant. The pillage
waterman eemancied 6a. but finally consented to take 55.,
which wag paid,
landed from a steamer without witnessing the most mon-
strous extortions, particularly upon foreigners, by persons
and it was much to be regretted that so few of those who
arm Gibbs said the public were
were plundered could convepiently attend to
fh (Dr Bowring) w" punish the
perpetrators, was, constantly going on,
determined to let
no case in which he was able to exercise any influence
es:Ype With impunity, for the sake of the public. Alder-
; arm
fur following un the case.
THE WEATHER AND THE fIARVEST.—Sonic
of the
of cur provincial Contemporaries report very unfavomably
greatly indebted to Dr.
corn yet lir:housed (of this, however, we think the quln.
The Scotch papers speak of
tity must be small), and or the injury, eiprcially to the
From Ireland, as well
weather, and of the deplorable condition of the
putatoc crops, done by the frost.
as from Wales, the accouats are on the whole favourable:
tint busit.e.F4 I ing ', at,ieria, the crops by the wet weather.
But it seems that the fi,-!lds have generally " stookt'd"
exceedingly well, and the produce from the mill is proving
satisfactory. the suipnsion of the impor.

BRITISH JIANA.

ADDiti SS BY HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR TO
THE LABOURERS OF BRITISH GUIANA.
The unspeakable blessing of freedom was bestowed
on you this day two years. All the rights of British
subjects and freemen were then fully acquired by you.
Your rights as freemen are coupled with obligations to
all your fellow-creatures in every condition of life,
whether above or below you in station, and with duties
to yourselves and your families.
The grateful performance of those duties and ,;obli-
gations is a proper tribute to that all-wise and merci-
ful Being, from whose Providence you have received
freedom and all your other blessings.
These duties, however, you could neither fully learn
nor practise until you obtained freedom.
The time which has elapsed since you became free
has been so short, that I take occasion this day—the
second anniversary of your perfect emancipation—to
address to you a few words of remembrance ani advice.
On former occasions, when there was news of the
freedom, which, with nitural and proper anxiety, you
longed to possess, the Governor was always quick to
give you true and correct information.
He is now, and ever will be, your sincere friend and
well-wisher.
O 11

At your part, continue to be, as you now are, wet.
assured that his power will always be exerted, and will
prove sufficient to secure to you every right and privi-
lege which belongs to you in common, and equally
with all other loyal subjects of our Gracious Queen.
I am satisfied, and so ought all the world to be, that
you have furnished proof that liberty does not pro-
duce idleness, but that, on the contrary, it promotes
industry.
Let me, however, caution you at present against
being too hasty, altogether to exchange work on
estates, for work solely on your own account, least
you should, under existing circumstances, find such
an exchange comparatively unprofitable.
You have a choice of employers ; you have good
wages, and the ordinary task by which they are earned
is not too much ; your houses are generally good ; and
there is no want of land for provisions. Be not, there-
fore, over eager to use the money which you have
made, or may easily make, in the purchase of land in
order to leave the estates.
In the neighbourhood of the estates you have your
churches, chapels, schools, clergy, and magistracy, ap-
pointed by the Queen—remove not, then, from these
promoters of civilisation.
Thousaads of our African brethren are detained in
the slavery from which you have been relieved, whose
emancipation will be hastened provided you deprive
their owners of any pretext for saying that the black
man will not work without coercion, and that the pros-
perity of a West Indian colony cannot be maintained
where the people arc free.
You owe it to your suffering brethren to use every
exertion to prove that the abolition of slavery tends to
the advantage of the master, no less than to the benefit
of the servant.
Beyond every other duty, however, is the dcty which
you owe to yourselves and your families to use your
freedom for the purpose of advancement in civilization,
which is not attainable without education.
The facilities for education were never in this colony
so numerous as at the present moment, and now it is
that your situation in life affords you opportunities for
ay.tiling yourselves of them.
In little more than twenty years to the three clergy-
men of the Established or Endowed Churches, and to
the four ministers of other Christian denominations,
who at that period comprised the total number of reli-
gious institutions in the colony, have been added thirty-
two clergy of the Endowed Churches, and, at least,
twenty-two ministers of other congregations.
The increase of Churches, Chapels, Schools, and Ca-
techists, has been proportionably great, and the number
is still augmenting. Avail yourselves, then, more fully
than you ever yet have done of these great advantages.
Education, properly recpived should increase—not di-
minish—your industry. From the one you will learn to
value, and from the other you will acquire, the coin-
forts and conveniences of civilized life. As the law has
freed your persons from thraldom, so education will ef-
face from your minds the marks and traces of that ig-
norance which slavery either generated or fostered ;
you will thereby improve your moral and religious cha-
racter, and thus will be more fit for that higher and
more lasting state of existence to which all men are
destined.
l'hese are the objects to which freedom, properly
used, gives you the means of attaining. I recommend
yeti, and feel assured that the advice will be cordially
adopted, to avail yourselves of to-morrow's sacred day,
to commemorate with suitable thankfulness and decent
joy, before the Almighty, the Second Anniversary of
what has been your well•deserved, and I hope will con-
tinue to be, your well-used freedom.
HENRY LIGHT.
Government Apartments, Guiana public Buildings,
Ist August, 1840.
