SCOTCH EPISCOPAL CHURCH.

(From the Glasgow Chronicle of Wednesday.)
This day, at two o'clock, a public meeting was held
in the Assembly Rooms, which was numerously and
respectably attended, for the purpose of constituting
a " Scottish Episcopal Church Society," the Right
Reverend the Bishop of the Diocese in the Chair.
Several resolutions were adopted, to carry into effect
the object for which they had met ; and a Com-
mittee of Management was appointed, in which the
na.nes of his Grace the Duke of Hamilton and
Brandon, the Marquis of Douglas, and the Earl of
Glasgow, appeared as office-bearers. The meeting
was addressed by the following gentlemen, viz.—the
Rev. Mr. Ramsay, of Edinburgh, Sheriff Allison, G.
Burns, Esq, the Right Rev. the Dean of Glasgow, the
Rev. Mr. It. Montgomery, the Rev. Mr. Wade, of
Paisley, the Rev. Mr. Martin, of Greenock, and Pro-
fessor Burns, who explained the object for which the
Society was formed, and showed the necessity that
existed for such a Society, from the thousands of poor
Episcopalians who were destitute of the means of religi-
ous instruction.
The speakers were warmly responded to throughout
the proceedings.

TO THE RIGHT HON. HENRY CON.
STANTINE PIIIPPS, MARQUIS OF NOR.
MANBY, &c., &c.

MY LORD—We, the undersigned inhabitants, of
North and South Shields, with sentiments of admiration
and esteem, beg leave most respectfully to convey to
your lordship the expression of gratitude which we, in
common with the people of Ireland, owe to your lord-
ship for your late upright and impartial administration
of justice in that long neglected portion of the British
empire.

We have beheld, with admiration, Ireland, for the
first time, governed in the person of your lordship
according to the principles of justice, and honesty,
and rapidly progressing in peace and good order—
thus showing to the world that the inhabitants of that
island, when protected by the laws, cannot be surpassed
in loyalty and attachment to their beloved Sovereign,
notwithstanding the bold and slanderous assersions made
to the contrary by men who wish to live by wrong, and
fatten on the vitals of the country.
My Lord, whilst we thus give expression to our un-
qualified approbation of your political career, we cannot
without regret and indignation behold the attempts
which are now being made (in that:branch of the Le-
i gislature to which your Lordship belongs) by a ruthless
faction, to stigmatize and tarnish the character of an il-
lustrious statesman, who so largely contributed to break
asunder the chains which bound in horrid slavery the in-
habitants of not only the Western but the Eastern Hemi-
sphere, and whose refusal to trample on the necks of those
whom he was to govern has rendered him obnoxious to
a hateful faction—a faction which has been inimical to
freedom, not only in Ireland, but in every portion of the
habitable globe.

Among the enemies of your lordship, we are sorry to
observe the once popular name of Brougham, but who,
having permitted himself to be carried away by feelings
of disappointed ambition and corroding envy, has of late,
in the mock garb of liberality, attempted to rage war
against the principles of justice, of which his lordship is
such a vaunted defender, presents a sad memento to
humanity, and adds another instance to history of the
depths of infamy to which ambition may lead the most
exalted minds.

Looking forward with anxiety to the debates in the
Commons, in which your Lordship's character will be
vindicated in a manner, we trust, sufficient to confound
your enemies and immortalize your name, we conclude by
wishing your Lordship long and happy days to see car-
ried into effect those measures of amelioration which
your Lordship has so ably advocated.

CITY OF WESTMINSTER LITE-
RARY AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTION.

A lecture on the Cartoons of Raphael was delivered
at this Institution yesterday evening. Thinking highly,
as we do, of these institutions, as affording the means of
intellectual improvement, we were pleased to find the
audience numerous and attentive, and must express our
very favourable opinion of the able manner in which
this most interesting subject was treated by the Lec-
turer. Ile commenced by some remarks as to the
different styles of Michael Angelo and Raphael,
representing the former as dealing rather in the terrible
—the supernaturally grand, while the latter delighted
in the beautiful and soft ; the one giving a bold and
striking impression, the other displaying all the varied
shades of human character and feeling ; Michael, in
short, being the master of the epic, as Raphael was of
the dramatic style of painting. He then proceeded to
give a brief historical sketch of the celebrated "Cartoons,"
now deposited in Hampton Court Palace, exhibited
to the public every day in the week (except Saturday)
from ten to four ; and engraved by Burnett, at the '
small cost of 4s. each. The first was Christ desiring
Peter to feed his sheep—necessarily, from the nature
of the subject, dealt with in an allegorical manner—
the next was, The Miraculous Draught of
Fishes—then Peter and John, with the Lame
Man at the Temple— Ananias struck dead
Elymas, the sorcerer, seized with blindness—
Paul and Barnabas at Lystra—and Paul preaching at
Athens. On each of tiles' the Lecturer observed with
great taste, discrimination, and feeling, pointing out the
more prominent beauties with artistical judgment, and
often with something of poetic fervour. Ile remarked
that Raphael always succeeded well with the Apostle
John, whose character strongly resembled the immortal
painter's in warmth of affection, amiability of temper,
and graceful sensibility of feeling. 01 the figure
of Ananias, which is depicted as falling, in the
throes of death, he observed that it was an ex-
ample of the fine judgment with which Raphael always
managed to have an unfinished action, thus preserving
a spirit of activity and interest in the composition, not-
withstanding the severity and simplicity of his style ;
and that it was, perhaps, the most impressive display
of agony ever produced by art. Of the whole series,
the Lecturer said, the grandest in intellectual expression
was Paul Preaching at Athens ; he remarked how ad-
mirably Raphael's matchless skill, in depicting human
character, was manifested in the expression which was
visible on the countenances of the Apostle's hearers ;
the expression in some of scornful contempt—in others,
of doubtful incredulity ; in others of firm conviction ; and
in one or two of utter apathy. The Lecturer in con-
clusion, dwelt upon the great importance of encouraging,
by establishing galleries for the exhibition as well of native
as of ancient works, the refinement of our national taste,
suggesting at the same time the propriety of classifying
the sacred paintings by themselves ; for though he cor-
dially rejoiced at seeing the canvass brightened with fe-
male beauty,—and Wilkie's fiddlers playing the behold-
ers almost into a Scotch jig,—and Turner and Cal-
cott revelling in the glories of summer landscapes
—yet ho did not consider it judicious that along-
side the grand painting of Lazarus starting into life
at the summons of the Saviour—there should be
displayed the blandishments of Corregio's Venus. lie
spoke eloquently of the high national advantages—in
the improvement of the social character of the people—
which must result from the refinement and elevation of
their taste :—referring in support of his argument to
Dr. Channing's masterly treatise on " Self Culture".._
and recommending his hearers to go to Hampton
Court, and judge for themselves of Raphael's match-
less Cartoons.
The Lecturer was cordially cheered throughout.
