EXETER, JAN. 17,

On Sunday last, the LORD BISHOP of this Dio-
cese held an Ordination at the Cathedral Church.
of. Exeter, when John Bathurst. Deane, B.A. of
Pembroke College, Cambridge ; Thomas John
Marker, A.B. of Exeter College, Oxford ; John
Symons Pering, 'of Oriel-College, Oxford ; John
Roberts, S.C.L. of Jesus College, Can bridge ;
Joseph Thorne, A.B. of
,Exeter "College, Ox-
ford.; and Leonard Picking; B.A. of Christ
College, Cambridge, were admitted to the holy
order of Deacons.—Thomas Cleave, A.. 8. of
Oriel College, Oxford ; George James Cornish,
A.M. of Corpus Christi College, Oxford ;'Horace
George Cholmondeley, B.A. of Baliol College,
Oxford; Henry: T.onkin Coulson, B.A. of Queen's
College„Cambridge;-John Egerton; B.A. Fellow
of New College, •Oxford ; Richard Francis Fol-,
lett, B.A, of Exeter College, -Oxford ; George
Hawker, B.A. of Exeter College, Oxford ;
ward Wood, B.A. of Trinity College, Cambridge ;
Pelham Fellowes Clay, 8.A.;. FelloW of Sydney
Sussex College, Cambridge ; Wm. Tho Mas, of
Jesus College, Cambridge ;• James Field, B.A.
of Queen's College, Oxford ; Joseph Coming,
M.A. of Oriel College, Oxford ;. and Samuel
Archer, B.A. of Baliol College, Oxford, were
admitted to the holy order of Priests.
On Monday, his. Lordship instituted the Rev.
George Hawker, B.A. to the Vicarage of Tamer-
ton, in Devon, on the presentation of his Ma-
jesty.

On Thursday last 7 his Lordship instituted the
Rev. William Hames, A.B. to the Rectory of
Chagford, in Devon, on the presentation of Geo.
Garrard Hayter, .of Compton Bassett, in_ the
county of Wilts, Clerk, void. by the death of the
Rev. George H.ayter Hames.
On Friday last his Lordship, attended -by
Vicar-General, &c. consecrated the New- Church.
of the Holy Trinity, .in this, city, in due form
and order.

, .
• CAMBRIDGE, JAiv. 18.—On Saturday last,
George Altwood;.GeOrge Turner, aid Charles
Evani", Esqrs. Bachelors of Arts, of Peit!hroke-
Ilalliwere elected Fellows of that SO6ety.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING-ROON
DER

9 to 1 agst Reginald •
14 to 1 agst Gustavus
14 to I agst Chants

JAN. IS, 1821.
.BY.

t 4 to 1 agst...ll.tel
12 tu:l agst,J6ke

OAKS.
8 tol agst Sister to Steel- I sto I agst My Lady
trap

RIDD btS

6 to 1 agst Niqral
7 to 4 agst Prudence

;WORTH. •
I 4to I agst St lima

Gloucestershire-Church-Missionary Association.
—The Anniversary of this Association Was held
on Tuesday. The company. upon the occasion
was very numerous, and the details furnished of
the remarkable success which has attended the
labours of the Parent Society highly gratitied.the
auditors, while .the information they received of
the vast portion of. the Globe_ still- covered with
the darkness of Heathenism, stimulated them to
renewed exertions in behalf of,-an Institution
whose aimit is to dissipate this darkness, by. ex-
tending• the .knowledge of the Gospel thrOugh.
every part of the earth still-unenlightened by its
beneficent influence-. The collection amounted
to.nearly four times as much as at the last Anni-
versary.' -On the .preCeding Sunday, sermons*
were preached at four of the. parish churches,
and collections made ;,these collections, together
with , that after .the. meeting, and --do.rutions,
amounted, to 1051, .
*Three of these sermons were preached. by the nes% J. W.
Cunningham, Vicar of flarrOW ; on The following day be was
summoned home by the sudden illnessdf,his wife, who expired
on Tuesday evening, leaving an-affectionate husband acid nine
children to lament their irreparable fuss..

LAW INTELLIGENCt.

COURT or KING'S BENcIli DAY,)

.SEDITIOUS. PUBLICATIONS.
;:'SHE.KING'•veI`sus JANE CARLILF.

On the sitting- of the• Court. this case was call.
eel on:.. There were not a sufficient ,number of
Special Jtlrers in attendance, consequently the
SoLICIro ,-GENERAL prayed atales---The Jury
having been sworn, Mr. SHEPHEA LID opeyed the
pleadings., He stated it: to be an information,
filed by the Attorney-General against- the de-
fendant, for publishing a false and scandalous
libel, for the purpose.. of exciting his Majesty's
subjects to.commit murder. •
The SOLICITOIt-GENERAL"addressed-the-Jury
at muck length he regretted very mach the
necessity,of•the present prosecution ; but he was
convinced .that there Alias not a person that heard.
the libel read, but would say the Attornej-Ge.
neral would have been•guilty of a gross ddrelic-
tion of his duty if he had not brought the defen-
dant before the Court to answer for the publica-
fiat,. „Itmiiht appear harsh to attempt to punish
a female', but every endeavour had been o,:ed to,
suppress the circulation without effect. The
defendant -had withdrawn her name from the
work it was trute„kut her place had been •snpplied
by. a, sister of :the husband, of the defendant,
-and her name having been also withdraw-n, the
name of a. shopman had been substituted,. so de-
termine& were they to', circulate this inflammatory
pamphlet. *lt was hoped, that in the prose'eution
and punishment of Mr. It. Carlile, the -.husband
of the F resent .defendant, that a stop would be
put to
.the work, but that not being -tIW 'case,
they were driven to the present alternative.—
The Solicitor General -then proceeded to read
the libel on the record, which was contained in a
letter addressed to the Rev. Mr. Wayte, Queen-
square, Bristol,, in which the. crime of assassina-
tion was justified and encouraged, and iti•which
it was expressed that, upon the murdering-of any
of the Tyrants, the writer
,g‘ would touch his
lyre," and sins the praise of the murderers.—
This letter was signed," R. Carlile," and dated
from Dorchester Gaol, If,jsaid the L-arned.
Coansel, any loan has a doubt of the effect of
the publication, he Would pot ask him for hiS
verdict.

Richard Saninel. Holding
_proved buy. jug The
Reljubileetn of the defendant in November. last,
at her shop in Fleet-street,

. .
John trope. proired tTiO conveying R. Ctirlile
to Dofehester' Gaol and Mr. Reeves produced
the record of his .conviction.

The CnlE:i. JUSTICE then asked Mrs. Carfile if
she had Counsel; . She replied " NO," 'and
handed in a paper, which she requested should
be read by the Clerk. The paper -was accord-'
ingly read, and
..itistified what the libel COntained
by a reference to iltrious authorities., and insisted
that the author, and not the .publisher, should be
punished, as she acted under the influence of
coningalditty.

The SOLICITOR-G EtiERAL replied at some
length.; and the CHIEF 31./sTice, in the courte of
summing tip, declared, that the intention of the
pUblieation could not be mistaken; it was'a clear
`exrittnasut to commit murd'er.
'Tie Jury retired for a quarter of an hciur,and
returned a verdict of Gnats. -
The,CoUrt was much crowded; and Car-
lile was attended in Court by a female friend.

A letter front Bombay, dated Aug. 26, says
" A few, weeks ago, during the Proclamation of
his Majt.s.ty's accession, 4 dreadful accident
uc-
currecl here, caused by -the explosion of a wea-
ther chest, by which there were eight •or nine
English artillery killed and wounded. It took
place not far from .the spot vs hich 1 occupied
during the ceremony, and I felt the shock dis-
tinctly. On repairing •thither a dreadful scene
presented' itself. I was particularly stru:k by
noticing a black man's foot left exactly in the
position it stood ht while the' owner wa's
though the rest of the body was blown to atoms.
Being in h sandal exactly resembling an old
kowao buskin, and perfectly untouched, it look-
ed more like the fragment-of a black marble 'sta-
tue, than a piece of flesh and blood,. What ren-
dered the scene infinitely more disireising, • was,
that a brother-of the poor' wretch -sat 'lamenting
over _if, who had , recognized the foot :from
sonie peculiarity in the -sandal.- This
thought hut an unfavourable augury-for the se-
renity of the present reign, and the natives', who•
ar,--rsot deficient in superstition, did not fail to
conanent on it." • •

was

A curious circumstance occurred :at the last
County Sessions., The Grand. Jury, in rettirn-
ing.their.bills, -gave • in the. One against : those
men who were .indicted- for assaulting some:mem-
•bers of, the.tniversity on theevenittg that 'the
Queen's friends insisted on an illuniination,
,a note ou the back 'of it, stating that none of the,
witnesSes could be found, though- theyW.ere
all in Court.:-. Ou. iagdiry• this
,was found' to be
the, case, and the, 3 tiry tntsequently • returned
tweNamirie Whilst they were absent the,
pers-ons accused all pleaded •gifilty,, and Mr; RO
BERSON:;' the Solicitor, was ,making intercession
with the COUrt for a slightpunishment„as.they
.expressed:contrition for What they had done. %.vliett
the Grand inry came into Court withpie wOrdS
7.---4Vot a true. SW, against those very persons4;lo
had. 411 pleaded guilty !—(o.kf -
Sir Jonx 'itortoi.D Bart. has aV:this time
a considerable number of labouring bankers eiri-
ployed cutting a beautiful and extensive. lake,,
at his seat of :•:vstoo Park, in •,Lincolnshire, a tine
view of ,will be conunanded `l.l-Oln the
tnansion • • . .

'On the 10th inst.Lan inquest was held ingi,ke-
ter, on the .body of *Sarah .Liles, a serVant.ttill,
whose death ‘vas occasioned by " tatabg la ;e
quantity oroilof vitriol on the preceding
The surgeons who Ocatnined .:the body say they
never witnessed such a horrible miss, as the
stomach exhibited.,,being entirely decomposed• by
the_ burning powers of the acid. 'it appears that
the unfortunate:girl,.who "was'about .120 y.f..9-bf
age; was the,Nietirn • of. an arant Villain; Who;
der pretetiee,or-,offection, -suceeedid in effecting.
her ruin, ata then left..her to lament; her Tnis,
:foi,tunds- anti "hiS inconstancy-. -.•

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

itmus ExTRAcTs FIIONI TI-IF.IORZaNG PAPERS.I

.[lll 0 I'll i g Chro 717.0 le .1

A Paper of yesterday: states; that after-a long
disc.ussion in the Cabinet Council, the Earl of:
Liverpool raid L3rd-Ckistl6l4.a:l7,lL'set off together'
to Brighton-, to .lay the lostifts bef.nre his Na
jests-. The matter probably alludes to the
which they desire to .parsueon the meeting of theli
two 'louses,' and upon 'which they-are to take the,,'
Kings pleasure. =.7rhe'rlirnour is the. political.
circles is:, that the Speech is to be evtreriiely mo
derate that a proposition is to be submitted
the (Ammons to fix the. Cneen'i estalrtishment at
.t)(40c01, a year; the siren offered 'her- at St..
()flier's, (and ';r•hiCli, we trait, is to be paid from:
the CiVil List,
_not. fixed.on the Consolidated.
Fiultd,) tnd that 7Minislers are to stand 'or fall on
•
the -question of A:he-restoration of .her Majesty's
mine to the Liturgy. Upon thi,, point they cal-
culAte (but With the hope of' kaining the -Saints).
ort,a- masor.,y df ~eVenty, which, in the:ROW e of
Commons; is less than a majority of nine In the
House of Lords. . . .

Extract of a 144ter. from Buenos yres, OCL.
5,.1320.:--Last weeli.,.a terrible riot andmassacre
took place in this city, in which, I regret to say,
snore than,five" hundred. persons Were killed and
-wounded ; the Authorities- were indefatigable in
their endem:Oni'ito -quell this iniu4ection, and at
length hiippily sLic'C'eed(id: I have great pleasure
to- add all is now quiet, and likely to remain so ;
the interior of the country, hors, ever, is still in a
disturbed state.—(lbid.)

[Morning. llcra4ll
The'Paris Papers boring one article of intelli
gence, which,. if correct, well deseriesconside
M..:e can hhrdly. believe it—but vet i
seems, entitled to credit. It comes froth differen
quarters—in all cases, however, in the shape of:a
private letter. The news is this—that the con-
gress of Sove-reigtes have summoned the Ring of
SPaitt.-to appear before them With the King_ of
`Naples at Lay back r!' The obligations con-
tracted undeilhe•Holy Alliance, have neverbe.en
-very clearly defined. Indeed, an alliance, so
-vaguely expressed, and-so liable to disruptian,
from clashing- national interests, Court cabals,
'change of coital's, and the personal caprices of
power, excited, on that account, less alarin than
.it was
.calculated. to 'inspire. It never entered
into the head of any Man that this
protectorate of religion.aul morals, Compromised
the interior independenCe of gciVereignS and sub-
jects—fixed liinits to the deVelopement of human
intellect and improvement, anti pronounced the
actual impress, moral, religious; and- political, of
the-different European societies tobe Unchangeable.
;An alliance like this, Which 'Says that nations and
Governments shall not be " masters at home ;"
but shall be arraignabie at a-foreign USurpa.tory
tribunal, it not a " Holy Alliance;" buts com-
pact of tyranny.: =lt is'more—it is an'assurnption
of:J)ivine wisdom—it is an attempt to invade the
attributes of Divine Providence. But , happily
those" ,fantastic
_pretensions of human •potver
'c which make the angels weep" are as Iveals as
they are presumptuOus: We only fear that.thit
outrage maynat bring'doWn a mournful retribu-
tion upon the heads of its authors,' should- they
persist.--,Let 'them' beware.---LWhen rulers con-
spire against nations—the -governors against 'the
governed, the fatal example will not lie lostnpon
thelatter. The gcverned Of different portions of the
World' will confederate in their turn, and woe to
Weise ay.' ;list whobii they unite; The most absolute
Sovereign holdS his power by a precarions tie—
that of opinien; Let theiSeople, says. Alirabeau,
but remain motionless, and the oppressor falls to
the ground. Englishmen, in_ the pride and con-
Sciontries's of their povrer, regard too' Carelessly
.distant 'injwtiCe.• But let them think for a mo-
rnett' tliatthe -Holy Allies have the same right to
stimmbit -George the-'Fourth to the bar of Lay-.
bacfl as to summon the'two Ferdinatids of Spain
arid' Naples.- The only 'difference is, that his
Majesty is, thank Goa, strong in the strength of
a free- peOple ; and' that- free people.may be.as-
sured•that their freedoni is. More hatefUl,'asit is
formidable, to the absolute Governments;- of Eu-
rope than the' infant institutions of Spain and.
NapWs. Is the example of Btionaparte sa soon
forgotten attempted to model Etirope.
a..-uniforrn and stationary sYStern Of slavery. --,•_at
be was. a
,prodigy of intellect and daring—and
even he failed' to enchain mankind.

[Moriz2ng Po'st.]
It is one of the adVantaffeS of our excellent
form of 'Government; that the r..xecutive..branch
of it may., in every 'perilonS emergency, confi:-
dently chats) the suppw.t of all hottest men, For
good "senie, moil! feeling, and genuine patriot-
istn,-this country has no' equal., and their infiu-
ence felt in- every act of the Government. I t
is.next to iinpossible that a Ministry can betray
their trust With such discriminating judges of
theii-coudtict as the Moral part of this great„ free,
and enlightened nation. To error they. are
liable, but not to the criminal intent; .and their
errors, when .honest, will be met with indulg-
ence ; whereas; the slightest taint of criminality
would deprive thern. of the support we have.
mentioned, and withdut which, they Cotild not.
retain their situations for a single weeli. If
they were to forfeit that suiwort, all the fa-
vOut of the Court Worild - not avail them ;
and it may he said, that the character of their
administration is formed in a great degree by the
sound opinions emanating from the temperate
reflecting porti'an of the bOrnoittnity... This is, the
cause that their policy islotiiied upon solid prin-
cipks;: arid' -that resists the temptations of a
tramient popularity, in 'order 'to obtain- useful,
though slow results. It .shews more Wisdom to
be rather too cautious in the Management of ,the.
various and' complex interests of a large Empire,
tlian'to be too adVenturons. There-is a tendency
in the great machinery of States to disentangle
itself, when it gets perplexed, which is impeded,
instead of being promoted .hy v sudden and iolent-
iuterference. The present Ministry appen *to.

recognize this principle, and this is, no doubt,
the reason *that they are so circumspect in grap-
pling with- acknowledged evils, when they-ate of
long standing, and of an inveterate character. To
this prudence they are indebted for the support.
they receive from the sober and enlightened'
part of the Public ; and their measures, in every
circumstance,' also have 'this recommendation,
that they are, regulated by the necessity of the
case, and by the reason of the country. Hence
arise .that confidence ana'Sense of secnrity visi--
ble in tiro countr;iitiltvithstandiug the daring at-
tempts of—the disaffected to .excite alarm' and:
distrust; .Lt is astonishing how very- little.pro-
perty of every- kind'has been affected by their bold,
and unprincipled machinations. It is equally curl-.
ous to-remark, how slightly the operations of
trade have suffered in consequence. An Unfa-:
vourable iMpresSion has been unquestionably
produced ; and,' it is'probable, that were it not
for the mischievous design's of the factious- and
disaffected, the beneficial effects of the- national
industry, 'Wealth, and enterprise; would be much
more visible than they are. However, it is plain
that,: in 'any other country, or under any other
Government, the existence Of such a faction would
spread universal anxiety, and cause a vast de-
pression of every .species of property, which is
dependant for its .security on the preservation of
public tranquillity:, But here the consequences
are scarcely perceptible, or only to be discover-.
ed by a very keen eye ; and we have, no .hesita-
tion-in ascribing 'this singular phenomenon to the
Confidence which henest men have in the
,prudent
and upright character of the.present
soon'therefore as, the Government ap-
peared to•he in danger, all persons of moral worth
rallied round it _instantly. ...Ministers may now
met Parliament with confidence, and. fearlessly
propose Such legislative. measures .as the crisis
.may require. Thevoice of the. -good and enlight-
ened has been raised' in their favour, and they
have too much respect for the good sense and just
feelings of the country tO propose any, remedY,.
that would not stand the* test of both. It will
be their first duty, as it ought to be their first
act, to try tO coerce the mischievous spirit that is
now -at work.- Its irifidence is as'in'jurious to the
interests of the people 'as it is to all the purposes
of good -governtnetit-; and—if is -as inconsistent
with public (*der as it is with liberty.—
A t the same time it serves to divert the attention
of the Government from the consideration of
subjects of the highest and most urgent descrip-
; and the most necessary improvements can-
not be- carried into effect aslong as disaffection
rears its--menacing head in.'the country. 'lt has
likewise-the- effect of sinking, our reputation' 'and
influence abroad ; and whoever could, in a consti-
tutional way, root out this abominable nuisance,.
would be the greatest- benefactor of-the nation.

[ffitish Prt-ss.]

The Opposition"'are expected to muster in
great force• on Tuesday next, the first day of the
Session, thy b,eing, determined to lose not a mo-
ment to express their disapprobation of the con-
duct of Ministers. •

Supposing that the Allied SemereignS,''With a
view to the- observance of consistency` did ven-
ture to summon the King of Spain to appear be-
fore their tribunal, 'it is not to be expected that
the Cortes of. Spain will yields() ready an . ac-
quiescence in the degradationof their Soereign
as the Cortes of Napies Were compelled to grant.
Indeed there'could be 'no useful purpose 'obtain-
ed by the personal attendance of the King at the
Congress at Laybach; because were the ling to
be. wrought upon •by the arguments or the per-
sonal influence of the Allies to admit the pro-
priety of some alterations in the constitution of
Spain, .forlhe-purpose of granting more power
to'the Throne—alterations whitir, for our own
parts, we should think_ very advisa!ge—yetwith
what'etrett would his 'assent be attended ? The
Cortes would reject tire alteratiOns with contempt,
and so the condescension of the King in leaving
his own dominions' to-meet other Monarchs, .and
to receive, their- instructions upon the domestic
afrairs of his own kingdom,"would be.follOwed by
no other imaginable tonseqUence' than' to expose
his Majesty to the pity or derisionolthe world ;
.and,-still-worso,,to the contempt or displeasUre
.of his own subjects.—(/bid.)

[New ,Tinzes:l.

It is stated in the Journal which offiiiallynoti-
es,the acts and proceedingi of Brandemburgh
House, that.the Queen _has purchased a xesidelare
;n Pall-Mall, near the Palace of her Royal Con-
sort. We should hope that this was -erroneous,
or at least that her Majesty had no intention of
esOblishing herself in such a situation. Certain-
ly, in private life, a wife separated from her hus-
band would beiregarded as destitute .of hil deli-
cacy, who sho-ald 'thus tix herself in his imme-
diate vicinity ; but where the husband is also
a Sovereign,- -and -where die wife is the tool or
idol of a mob, language is too weak to express
the scorn and. detestation with which such con-
duct must he vie Wed by every loyal. Englishman
pnd every modest and dignified Englishwoman.

From Spain theintelligence is of much interPst.
ft is stated that Ferdinand Vll.has-tfeen invited
to L9Ybach by the Allied Sovereigns; The oc-
currence has necessarily caused -a strong sensa-
tion hi Spain,: and it will be seen from an extract
which we 'have given from a Barcelona' Paper,
that it is likely to cause much discussion._ The
article is written in anticipation of any interfe-
rence of the Allies 'vial the Spanish Government
or Constitution. The Cortes were to meet on
the 9th inst., if Ferdinand attend the Congress
of the Sovereigns at Laybach. Should he be
disposed to proceed thither, the Spanish Cortes
will resume their sittings on the 9th inst..for the
discussion of a question which must excite intense
interest throughout-the country. The'departure
of the King will no doubt be opposed. What-
ever may be the result of the deliberation, the
Constitution of Spain cannot but be regarded by the
Allies as having been forced upon the Sovereign,
like that of Naples-, by a Revolution elrecied
through the soldiery. We- are' sorry to learn
that in many parts of Spain the Most frightful
disorder reigns. The countryis"said to be over-

run
.with malefactors, while the coast swarms
with. smugglers, . and • the. , seas are infested" by
pirates.---(lbid.)

[The Times.]
Tier Majesty, we learn, is forming her Esta-
blishment. Respecting the persons of whom it
will consist we shall at present say nothing.—
When the appointments are made known, it will
be found that those who occupy them are equal
,
in rank, birth, talents, and fortune, to those who
form the establishment of any Other Queen i►►
Europe. The treaty for Alarlhorough-house be-
ing completed, its present...illustrious occupant is,
we have no doubt, above throwina any petty im-
pediments in the way of her Mljesty's taking
immediate possession.

Letters from Pernambuco, &Jed 30th No-
vember, were received yesterday, which 'State,
that on the morning of the 26th a general alarm
was diffused among the inhabitants, on dis-
covering that all the'avenues of the town were
held in military occupation ; and that this step
was follo4ed by the arrest of several iudiOduals
on. an -alleged charge of conspiracy against the
existing government. The persons arrested were
of mean condition, and wholly incapable of plan-
nina or of executing such a design. It produced
much embarrassment however at Pernambuco,
by exciting distrust among the country people
proceeding thither with produce for sale,' who
invarialaly turned back ou hearing of the affair.
Though involved in much mystery and obscu-
rity the letters treat it as an event of no
im-
portance..-_-(lbid.)
