FIGHTING WITH THE BAYONET.

The small village of Fuentos de Nava, was
the spot where our forces were concentrated.
On the day following our arrival, Massena,
having crossed the river Agueda, and taken up
his position at no great distance from the same
village, gave every indication of his intention to
dispute the possession of it. Towards the after-
noon, he commenced carrying his views into ex-
ecution ; and, having made a vigorous attack
upon it, which produced a smart engagement, he
succeeded in the attainment of his desired object.
Be had not, however, long time to calculate upon
the advantage resulting from his capture ; for,
before the dusky evening appeared, he was
driven out of it in as gallant a style as he could
wish. In the undisputed possession of this vil-
lage we remained that night. The ensuing
morning was spent in manceuvering, but the next
was a day of conflict and of death. Shortly
after both armies had taken up their respective
positions, our flank companies being sent out to
the front of the lines, commenced skirmishing,
but were soon forced to give ground, owing to
the French columns advancing so rapidly and
heavily upon them. The lines now advanced.
Our regiment was opposed to the Bth of Bona-
parte's imperial guards, upwards of 1500 strong.
We gave them four successive volleys, and then
closed upon them with the bayonet. Dreadfully
destructive was this unsheathed weapon, and
never was it more nimbly handled in a field of
battle than at this time. They fell in heap be-
fore it. Never can any pen pourtray the hor-
rors of such a scene. Pressing forward, and
presenting the purple steel to those that re-
mained, we trampled upon the dead, the dying,
and the wounded, alike unheeded and unheard.
The remains of this apparently formidable corps,
amounting to 400, terrified at the awful slaughter
which our bayonets had occasioned, turned about
and fled with precipitation. We were not long,
however, without an enemy. A body of fresh
troops, seemingly as superior in number as the
former, wheeled in with astonishing rapidity, and
filled up the vacuum. To charge these troops,
our colonel, after a brief, but animating address,
put spurs to his horse, and waving his hat, led
us on. Never will the appearance he had at
this time be eradicated from my mind ;—his
bright sparkling eyes, which manifested the cou-
rage of his breast ;—his martial aspect, delightful
to gaze at, and the tone in which he uttered his
address, all showed that he was a true warrior ;
hut, alas ! it was the last time he was ever to
head us on the battle field, or inspire us with his
words.
As we advanced to the charge, the enemy
commenced a discharge of musketry ; at this in-
stant I saw the reins drop from his hands, and
in the next, he tumbled to the ground. By the
faithful zeal of those that ran to afford him as-
sistance, he was speedily borne from the field.
He survived only a few days. His death was
lamented by every one under his command.
When we came to the charge with the bayonet,
the person with whom I had to encounter in this
trying and dreadful moment, exhibited rather an
athletic appearance. With infuriated looks he
assailed me, and thrust the point of his bayonet
into my chin ; but by a sudden retrogression, I
got rid of it. Without losing one moment's
opportunity, I rushed on him, and putting by
his musket, which he still presented in as ele-
vated a position as formerly, I buried my
bayonet in his breast. I speedily extricated my
steel; lie fell, and was numbered among the
slain. Ti;ough our charge was again successful,
yet the battle continued to rage in this place as
hot and sanguinary as ever, from the heavy co-
lumns of infantry that kept pouring in upon us.
We had not received any orders to retire, nor
had any regiment come to our support. Our
ranks were getting very thin. We had two cap-
tains killed, and all our ensigns fell in this battle.
Major of the 42d, came and took the
commanti of our distressed regiment. He saw
that a mournful duty had devolved upon him,
but with a countenance that bespoke intrepidity,
and lively hopes of success, he addressed us as
follows t—" Men of the 70th ! The honour of
commanding and leading you into action, has
this day ,seen conferred on me. You have al-
ready achieved many things by your gallantry,
and I hope that your brave exertions, in what
yet remains to be accomplished, will in the end
be crowned with glorious success. Let us then
meet the enemy, my brave fellows ! and may the
Lord protect and bless us !" At the conclusion
of this animating address we again joined in
combat. My comrade at this time received a
shot through the body. He lingered a few
hours until his spirit emancipated from its
earthly tenement, winged its way to the throne
of the Creator who gave it existence. Bullets
were flying like hailstones, and on every hand of
me various persons were dropping off the stage
of acne, into the boundless ocean of eternity,
while .1` alone remained as scaithless and unin-
jured as if it had only been a dream that arrested
my midnigh,+. slumbers. Being thus so hotly
engaged in re,nelling the almost overwhelming,
numbers of the ene,7lY, the 88th, or Connaught
Rangers, were sent to our assistance. As they
were just descending lion: a rising ground m-
mediately behind us, they &ea .`` voile over our
heads. This was a most terrible dischargeles
of
musketry, and in its effects it was awfw;:.,"
tructive. The French column, which seemed
threaten us with instant annihilation, wavered,
and before it had time to recoil, another salute
served to complete its: confusion. The havoc
which was now made among the troops was
dreadful. It was in vain that they showed re-
sistance ; they were completely repulsed on every
band, and driven from the field.
Massena in this desperate attempt to relieve
.Almeida, (which, being the only fortified town
that the French were now in possession of at
this time, was closely invested by a body of our
troops, under the command of Sir Brevet Spen-
cer), lost upwards of 6,000 men. When our
regiment was mustered, it was found to have lost
2 captains, 17 other officers killed and wounded,
and 370 privates. Many of these were indivi-
duals with whom I lived on the most intimate
footing of friendship ; their loss was deeply de-
plored. They had fallen far from their country,
and perchance had left a solitary widow, an
aged mother, or a plighted sweetheart, who, in
the effusion of their tender affections, would
often drop to their memory the tribute of a tear!
—Eadie s Recollections.

The itev. Dr. BACOT
ofwasc consecrated
of Oxford, by the ArclibiAlop Bishop
private. chapel,
Grace'sig E SIBUII.Y, on Sunday.
The ceremony took place in his
morning service.
at
the conclusion of the sermon, after tim,
Tbe Bishops of LONDON, WiNctiEsTL
assisted during the ceremony. This wis'tlredfirCstnEEsrr 7,
Bishop his Grace has consecrated since his promotion
the Province of Canterbury.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPEI4,3,

(From the Messager des Chambres, Aug. 26.)
PARIS, AUG. 25.—Despatches, received by the
Minister of Marine, bring word that the English
fleet, commanded by Admiral Malcolm, was still
at Ipsara on the 9th of August. The French fleet
was on the 7th at Tenedos. The object of the two
Admirals appeared to be to protect indirectly the
arrival of the Egyptian fleet as far as Smyrna. This
fleet had already passed Rhodes, and was steering
along the coast, in order to avoid meeting the Rus-
sian Admiral. According to the preparations mak-
ing by the Governor of Odessa, it should seem that
the Emperor Nicholas has the intention to come to
that town at the end of the summer, which seems

the more probable, as his presence may be necessary'
in the great drama which is drawing to a close, and
for the interests which will soon be discussed at
Constantinople. _

M. Deval, our Consul at Algiers, in whose per-
son France was insulted by the Dey, has just died
very suddenly. He was struck with a violent
atack of apoplexy, just as he was about to enter his
carriage at Villiers le Bel to return to Paris, and all
the efforts of art were unavailing. He had been
dining at the country-house of M. Martel, the Judge
of the Tribunal of First Instance, and had just left
it. M. Deval was 72 years old.
M. d'llaussez wrote to M. Roy just before he
was appointed Minister of Marine, " that he con-
gratulated himself at not forming part of the new
Ministry, whose unpopularity appeared to him so
great that he doubted its duration." M. Roy
showed the letter to several persons when the report
of the nomination of M. d'HausFez was circulated.
We this morning received the Gazette d'Etat de
Prusse of the 20th, and that of Augsburg of the
22d, but they contain no news from Constantinople
or from the Russian army.
The new Cabinet regards the re-establishment of
the Ministry of General Police as necessary, and
this place is promised to M. de Vitrolles, but the
measures will not be carried into execution imme-
diately. Destructions and creations are operated
gradually, one by one, and in silence.
It is preserved that as the Duke of Mortemart
does not wish to retain the Russian embassy, it will
he given to Count Gabriac, the nephew of Prince
Polignac by his wife, who was born in Russia, and
was named Davidoff.
VIENNA, AUGUST 14.—The French Ambas-
sador has received despatches by an extraor-
dinary courier, which are thought to be impor-
tant, as he went to Prince Metternich's a few
minutes afterwards. A report was afterwards cir-
culated that France had suddenly changed its Mi-

nistrv, and that the choice of the new Cabinet was
entirely favourable to the policy of M. de Metter-
nich. Nothing positive is yet known.
The English Ambassador receives despatches
every day, and every day also he sends a courier to
Constantinople and London. There is certainly
some great project on the tapis.
A curious report, or rather a piece of news, is se-
cretly circulated in the diplomatic saloons, that there
has been a complete tack-about in the policy of our
Cabinet. The Prince de Metternich, it is said, is
discontented with the Duke of Wellington, and at
present inclines towards Russia. The late success
of the Russians is not the only cause of this change.
It is said that the Prince has discovered an intrigue,
conducted by an English Ambassador, and tending
to bring about a double alliance—one, in the case
that Austria should consent to declare against Rus-
sia; and the other, in the event that this Power
should desire to preserve neutrality, or should show
herself favourable to the Russians. This duplicity
has irritated Prince Metternich, the more particu-
larly as the Duke of Wellington having considered
that Austria was sufficiently powerful, the two pro-
jects were arranged so as to deceive Austria in its
hopes of obtaining an indemnity when the time
should arrive for regulating and fixing the new bases
of the equilibrium of European policy.
These revelations were made by a confidant of the
Cabinet of St. James's, who is said to be either a
Swede or a Prussian.

By various insinuations the Duke of Wellington
has endeavoured to establish a preponderance in
France, to the exclusion of every other Power. It
is said also that the Cabinet of St. James's was in-
triguing at the same time at Stockholm, Brussels,
Turin, and Naples, and that it was every where
makinti: propositions without the knowledge of
Austria, as having nothing to do with the present
question. The Prince de Metternich, when informed
of these proceedings, said," Oh ! the pupil wishes
to catch his master; we shall see who will have the
last laugh."

(From the Journal des Debuts.)

What a singular campaign is that of this year of
Lord Wellington ; and how paltry does his diplo-
matic science (strategic) appear in the face of the
prodigious events which display themselves in the
east. Whilst Russia enfolds with her two arms
European Turkey and Asia Minor, and its two
armies, marching towards each other, draw close the
net which is to fall upon Constantinople, Lord Wel-
lington has put in motion a detachment of five
men, including the French Ambassador, who have
by surprise taken possession of the French ministry
in a moment of court intrigue and parliamentary
inactivity. Well, behold them established; they
have male their entry, and hissings and public ridi-
cule have not been wanting to mark their triumphal
march. What will they be able to do in the princi-
pal object which has caused them to be chosen ?
Will they stop General Diebitsch, who travels more
rapidly than their couriers ? Will they send under
English orders a French fleet to the Bosphorus to
protect Constantinople whilst still Mussulman, or to
bombard it when it is become Christian ? Alas!
these are poor creatures for such efforts. The ac-
cession of these men was the tardy signal of a
sterile hatred towards Russia. In this respect, how-
ever, was there ever seen greater political want of
address ? The last Ministry, the incomplete but
natural result of a Representative Government, had
aiopted the Muscovite alliance. It felt that France
ought to ally itself to Russia, as England does to
Austria. It was not terrified at seeing Russia turn
from our west, and incline towards Asia. It judged
correctly that this tendency of the people of the
wort..'.' Uswaids the south would end in a Russian
invasion of Turkey, without producing any
danger to the freedom of Europe. In the pro-
bable overthrow of the Ottoman power, it fore-
saw from France other interests than those of Eng-
land; and with a little more strength it could put it-
self in theway of claiming just advantages at the de-
cisive moment. At the solicitations of Russia, and
barely tolerated with anger by England, it sent an
expedition to the Morea. During the indecision
and the partial successes of the first campaign on the
Danube, it continued to adhere to the Russian po-
licy, although it was attacked daily by the organs of
the English Ministry. The retreat of M. de la Fer-
ronays had in this respect weakened our Cabinet,
without changing its direction. In the meantime a
second campaign commenced in the East : the
Turkish empire, which had resisted at first, is now
at the last gasp of its energy. The conquerors have
nothing to do but to march forward ; the rich plains
of Adrianople arc open to their army. The empire
is about to be dissolved by revolt and conquest.—
Greece gave the signal—Russia will complete the
work. Such is the moment chosen by the French
Cabinet to secede from the Russian cause, for which
France had prepared success, and to associate itself
with the useless discontent of England. The time
of diplomatic notes is now past. We must have
more now—large fleets and armies ; and all this
without being able to restore to the Turkish empire
I the force which it had in the days of Soliman the
Second. That which England, notwithstanding an
imperious necessity of policy and honour, date not
attempt, and which we are still less able than her to
undertake, whilst it is also opposed to our interest,

would be necessary—a terrible and bloody war
Against Russia.

(From the Gazette de France.)
" The present Ministry," says the Journal de
Debuts of this morning, " must contend against
public opinion, and it must also contend against the
Chamber, for it will not dare to dissolve it."
This is what all the hopes of those who say that
a Royalist Ministry will not last are founded upon ;
Out we must reduce these hopes and bravados to

their just value.
The Ministry has not to contend against opinion,
but against journalism, which has succeeded in
creating a fictitious opinion in France, but which is
not itself the opinion of France. We must believe
that France will not condemn a Ministry without
trial. She waits for its acts, and its acts will be
the condemnation of its turbulent accusers. An
opinion pronounced against Ministers, for the sole
reason that they were chosen by the King without
the consent of the journalists, would be a faction,
and the contest which would arise between it and

he Ministry would not last long in a country which
:oes not desire a revolution.

It is equally incorrect to say that the Ministry
will have to contend against the Chamber. No
doubt it will find violent adversaries there; for, un-
fortunately, it contains men who write in the Jour-
nals the extravagancies which they repeat in the
tribune. A Royalist Ministry must expect to find
enemies wherever the republic has partizans, and
wherever there are conspirators against the mo-
narchy ; but from this we must not imagine that the
Ministers named by the King would not be in their
proper places when sitting in the Chamber; on the
contrary, the republicans, the conspirators, and the
anarchist tribunes, are out of their element when
sitting in a French assembly. If these Ministers
have adversaries, they will also have sincere friends
and loyal defenders. All those who desire the
maintenance of the constitutional Monarchy will
know how to answer the noble appeal which will
be made to them; and we are glad to be able to tell
the Journal des Debats, that the mem who, in the
secret scrutiny voted in a manner opposed to their
open declarations, will see in the Ministers libera-
tors who, so far from trembling before the mountain
of the left, will know how to oppose its enterprises,
and to watch over its plots. Already several of
those honourable Deputies who do not themselves
belong to the journalist party have openly said that
they are ready to support the Ministry, if they see

it realize the monarchical and constitutional inten-
tions of which our paper has been the interpreter.
As to the threat held out to the Ministry about
the dissolution of the Chamber, it proves that the
faction believes it has consummated the slavery of
the electoral colleges, and that it has succeeded in
depriving royalty of the exercise of one of its most
important prerogatives. This threat alone would
suffice to show us how much the Constitution was
menaced by the concessions which have been made,
and the encroachments of a secret power. We see
also in this belief of the Liberals the secret of the
arrogance and the fury which burst from the jour-
nals when the King took the liberty of disappoint-
ing them. They think themselves master of the
last recourse of power—the nomination of the De-
puties, and consequently of the vote of the taxes.
But this is one of those blind presumptions which
the general interest will disappoint. It will teach
the factions that they cannot juggle with a monarchy ;
that all petty intrigues and all political factions may
produce disorder, if they have to do with Ministers
who are weak and have no foresight, but the con-
quests obtained by cunning, and the posts surprised
by hypocrisy and 'deceit, cannot be preserved where
France and her King have recognised their real
enemies.

he Memorial des Pyrenees of the 20th of Aug.
says that M. de Chateaubriand arrived the day pre-
vious at Pau. He visited a part of the town, and
viewed the chateau of Henry IV. At nine o'clock
the Noble Peer was surrounded by the musicians of
the town. M. de Chateaubriand appeared at one of
the windows to return an answer, and was received
with the greatest acclamations; he then addressed
the following words to them :
" Gentlemen,—l am extremely sensible of the
honour you have done me. I only acknowledge the
merit of loving my country. It is natural that the
town where Henry IV. was born should be good
enough to remember my devotion to the descendants
of that illustrious King."
The Noble Peer conversed with several persons
in the most affable manner, and having occasion to
speak of one of our compatriots, M. de Belloc,
Secretary to the Legation at Rome, said he was a
very distinguished person.
The Indicateaur de Bourdeax of the 22d of Aug.
says—" It appears that some important news was
sent by the telegraph yesterday, but the Prefect was
in the country, and the greatest anxiety was mani-
fested to inform him of the subject; we are igno-
rant of the contents."
By an ordinance dated Aug. 23, the Viscount de
Curzay, Prefect of the department of Ille-et-Vilaine,
is appointed prefect of the department of La Gi-
ronde, in the room of the Baron d'Haussez, ap-
pointed to execute other functions.
By another ordinance of the 24th, M. Jordan,
Prefect of the department of the Haut Rhin, is
appointed prefect of the department of Ille-et-Vi-
laine, in the room of Viscount de Curzay.
M. Baron Locard, formerly Prefect, Master of
Requests in our Council of State, is appointed Pre-
fect of the department of Haut Rhin, in the room of
M. Jordan.
Yesterday the Minister of Public Instruction and
Ecclesiastical Affairs received the Members of the
various establishments for public instruction of the
Academy of Paris, and his Excellency assured the
functionaries and professors of the University of the
lively interest he felt towards them. He also ex-
pressed the wish he felt to contribute to the progress
of their studies, to the good instruction of youth,
and the welfare of the professors.
The Gazette gives, under the head of " Errata, or
the journals' lies of the day," the following extracts
from the other papers :
" Three millions of francs were offered to the
Dey of Algiers ; he refused ten millions.
" The fleets of France and England have passed
the Dardanelles to take up a position under the walls
of the Seraglio."
FRENCH Furms.—PAßlS, Auc. 26.—Five per Cents.
109 f. 90c. 85e. 90e. 110 f. 109 f. 95c. 110 f. ; Three per

Cents., 81f. sc. 10c. oc. 15c. 20c. 30c. 25c. ; BjnK
Stock, 1,530 f. ; Rentes de Naples, 86f. 75c. 80c. 75c.
80c. ; Royal Spanish Loan,: 73 73i Rentes Perp.
d'Espagne, 47 ; Haitian Loan, 380 f. Exchange
on London, one month, 25f. 55c. ; three months, 25f.
40c.— Coors Authentique.

Several hundred dramatic pieces are presented
annually to the managers of the winter theatres for repre-
sentation. If they were to select a few of the tragedies,
and perform them as comedies, they could not fail of pro-
voking risibility, and, probably, draw crowded houses.
IKEY SOLOMONS.— The notorious IKEY
SOLOMONS, who has been daily expected in consequence
of the very unquestionable information contained in the
statement of a late visitor to the part of the world in
which the great receiver is now a resident, is, it appears,
carrying on, without the slightest molestation, the busi-
ness of a jeweller its Hobart's-town. Captain HENEKER,
of the Mermaid sloop, which trades to Hobart's-town,
has just arrived in town, and he had seen IKEY and his
wife and family in very comfortable circumstances, and
apparently living without reproach. Every thing about
'KEY was in such a state as to prove that he had taken off
a heavy swag with him from this country. His wife
joined him soon after her arrival at Sydney, and their two
sons, who went out voluntarily to join them, were taken
by the Captain from Sydney to their place of residence.
The Governor, as soon as be ascertained that IKEY was
within his jurisdiction, wrote over to Government to be
informed as to the course he should pursue; but, what-
ever might have been the instructions issued, it is very
certain that no compulsory or disagreeable measures have
been resorted to with respect to the fugitive. IKEY car-
ried on business in his own hoe, and without any at-
tempt at disguise; and it 13 believed that be will not be
disturbed.

FKICES OF STOCKS THIS
dank Stock
ref. Cent. Red. S9rs'YO4
3 per Cent. Cons. 89 844
31,4 per Cent. -
Ditto Red. 'l9 81,4;
t per Cent. '02% 3 24
Ditto, 1526- 10574 2
Ditto Scrip
Rank L. Ann. 2O 1-16 20
India Stock
litto Bondi 6O 62 pm.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds
Brazilian Bonds 58%
Buenos Ayres Bonds —
Chilian Bonds l6

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
'Neapolitan —
Peruvian Bonds
!Portuguese Bonds 44%
Prussian, Old
Ditto, New —
Russian —
Spanish, 1821 —
.--- 1823 —
French Rentes, 5 p. c. —t —c.
--- Exchange —f. —c.
'--- 3 per cent. —t. —c.
-- Exchange —f. —c.

colornbian Bonds
Ditto, 1824 16%
Danish
Greek Bonds

Ditto, 1825
Guatimala

Mexican Bonds.
Ditto, 1825

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. (ha. at 51. pm.) £2O 73
Ditto National 734 10%

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, AUG. 26.
Bank Stock —
Royal Irish Ditto —'St. Patrick Incur. (per sh.)
Consols, 3 per cent.
Gov. Stock, 3% per cent. 97% i National Ditto —
Ditto, New —.Patriotic Ditto I%
I per Cent lO-2% !Hibernian Bank —
Gov. Deb. 3% per cent.... P 7% Provincial Ditto —
Royal Canal Stock —lRoyal Irish Mine
Grand Canal Stock - 1 Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent
Ballast Office Deb. 4p. c. —;Commercial Buildings —

THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,

STRAND.

THIS EVENING (fourth time) the Grand Romantic Opera of
DER. VAMPYR.
Baron Kassova, Mr. Thorne;
Count Mavrocordo, Mr. H. Phillips; Alexis Zeriny, Mr. Sapio ;
Wenzel, Mr. J. Bland; Fr.,nz Boro, Mr. G. Penson ;
Eblis, Mr. 0. Smith.
lanthe, Miss Cawse ; Henrik*, Miss Betts;
'Asks, Miss H. Cawse ; Susi Boro, Mrs. C. Jones.
To conclude with
THE SPRING LOCK.

Lorenzo de Medici, Mr. Wood; Giulio, Mr. James Vining;
Doctor Manente, Mr. Keeley; Doctor Flamingo, Mr. 0. Smith.
Amarantha, Miss Cawse; Vergellina, Mrs. Keeley.
On Monday, Der Vampyr, with The Spring Lock.
