MANCHESTER, APRIL 26.

Lomas, one of the individuals who was tried at the last
Lancaster Assizes with Broadhurst, Ashmore and Curran
for riot and sedition, on the 22d and 29th of January
last, was committed to the New Bailey Prison the other
day, in default of payment to the overseers for the main-
tenance of a bastard child. He was apprehended at the
Pendleton Radical Reform Meeting by Cotterill, the de-
puty-constable. Upon his person was found cone-
spondence from the various Universal Suffrage kssociations
in different parts of the Kingdom, and from Hetherington,
of the Poor Man's Guardian. Letters were also found
upon him from the demagogue Broadhurst, and his col-
leagues of the Castle at Lancaster, headed—" Lancaster
Bastile, sth month, in the thirteenth year of the
Manchester massacre without retribution or inquiry."--
The letters complained of the food which was allowed
them, as not being sufficiently substantial for their sup-
port : they remarked upon the injustice of the imprison-
ment, commented upon Judge Alderson's law; and as
their incarceration had nothing daunted them, Broadhurst
hoped that the acquittals, and the rest of the radicals,
would continue to agitate, agitate, agitate. The pro-
posed cross-examination of the witneses at the trial were
amongst the papers. When Cotterill repaired to the
room in which the meeting was held, for the purposes of
apprehending Lomas, he had not arrived, and it was pre-
posed that the strange gentleman (Cotterill) should take
the chair, which honour he, however, declined. One
of the speakers addressed the assembly upon the
thraldom in which the working-classes of Britain
were held, and Cotterill being asked to express his
sentiments upon that subject, he addressed them in
a neat and appropriate speech, expressive of the
horror he entertained of slavery, and, indeed, of every
species of labour, and elicited much applause, Having
concluded, Mr. Lomas made his appearance, and the
strange gentleman made his bow in the character of Baron
IVab'em, and walked off the agitator to durance vile. No
resistance was offered, but a subscription was entered into
to pay the demand, about 21. but they failed in raising so
large a sum, consequently the moral patriot stands coin.
mitted for three months, unless the money is paid, the in-
exorable overseer refusing to give further time. The
weekly allowance made by the Crown to the prisoners
alluded to in Lancaster Castle is 2ilbs. of meat, jibs. of
bread, and 101bs. of potatoes.

The Marquess of HERTFORD recently gave
a grand dinner at Pompeii, on the site of the ancient baths.
Many of the guests were conveyed thither in one of out
omnibuses, containing twenty-five persons. The passage
of this stupendous modern machine, followed by several
elegant carriages, along the narrow streets of this antiqu:
town, formed a most singular spectacle. An attempt a,
an excavation was made during the dinner, but was no
successful.

SPLENDID DRAMATIC GALLERY.--Evety
sincere admirer of the drama will be gratified to learn tlia'
the proprietors of the Parrot are about to present dui?
subscribers with a gallery of splendid portraits of all the
celebrated Artists. The execution of this series, we under
stand, has been confided to that talented ar i,t,
Gauct, and the first one will be that of our favoutite
DE BEGINIS.
