dastrlous classes to purchases through tha oftadiOrn
of Savings' Banks, or parochial Societies, Govern,.
ment Annuities—present or deferred—for life or
term of years. The annuity in no case to exceed
201. per annum, and riot to be transferable or assign-
able, except in case of bankruptcy or insolvency;
and in the event of the purchaser of a deferred
annul y making default in the annual payments, or
ding before the annuity commences, the whole of
the money he his paid will be returned to him, or to
his executors, s:e. The tables are proposed to he
calculated, assuming the rare of interest to be
3/. 15s. per cent., which is less th in the interest
now payable to Savings Banks; and, though the
return of the payments, in the events before stated,
is rather a new payments,
in the system of granting
deferred annuities, ye+ as the tables are cikuldied,
this can be effected without incurring the le .st ad-
ditional and is considered as like y to induce
the class of pers na for whose benefit it is in ended,
to provide in their younger days for an annuity in
old age, particularly when they know, that if they
should die before they attain the age at which
the annuity is to commeuce, their relations or
friends will receive the whole of the money
they may have paid; thus a person of the
age of 30 by paying 6s. per month un-it the
age of 60, will he enabled io s cure a G ivern-
ment annul y of 20/, payable half-yearly, fin his
life; and should be die befur,. 60, all •he itio.thly
paymen s he has made will be returned to his exe-
coriirs, &c. To no class of persons will .t h. cure
acceptable titan to the members of Benefit Societies,
who will be enabled .hereby to ensui e s ape, anlitia-
tion, or old age pay, on the security of ifivern-
mem, and to confine tie objects of the societies of
which they may be membeis to relief, in case of
sickness and death.

We are compelled from a press of matter to
leave out several articles.

IMPERIALPARLIANIENT
THIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER tnlik his seat shortly after 12 o'clock.

Three new Members, who we understood to he Colonel
LOWTHER, Mr. COOPER, and Mr. RA3BDEN took the
oaths and their seats.

Mr. STRUTT presented two petitions against the Mid-
dleton Inclosure Bid.—Referred to the Committte on the

Mr, EGERTON presented a petition from certain
owners and occupiers of land in Cheshire against the
Chester and Woodride Road Bill, and praying to b- heard
by themselves, counsel, or agents, against such pats of
the Bill as affected their interests. He also presented a
petition to the same effect from Sir Thomas Stanley, But.
—Both petitions were ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Bill.

On the motion of Lord LUMLEY, Inglefield's Estate
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JOLIFFE presented two petitions from Peters-
field—one for the abolition of slavery, and the other for
the better ohaervance of the Sabhath.

Mr. TYRELL presented a petition from Rattersden,
in Suffolk, ►or a tietter observance of the Sab',ath, and
al•o nine petitions from Backslid', Hadley, Stoivmarket,
Old Newton, and other places, in the county of Suffolk,
for the imme liite abolition of colonial slavery.
Mr. RUSSELL presented a petition from Broadway
and its vicitlitv, .or the abolition of slavery.

Sir R. DONKIN presented a petition from Berwick
on-Tweed, praying in ;he first placd for the abolition of all
sinecures and unmerited pensions, particular ly the sinecure
of t e governorship o; B•rwi, k, and that all public office's
m;ght be otherwise rewarded for their services ; and pray -
ing also for he repeal of the assess-d taxes.
Sir F. BLAKE supported the prayer of the petition.
He thought that all sinecures should he abolished, and
that officers should be properly rewarded for meritorious
services. The very name of sinecure was odious, and
the name of pension ought to he struck out. It
would be better to establish a resnuneration by the
name of naval, military, and civil reward, and that under
that head a certain sum should be voted annually by Par-
liament for mer•torious services. With regarf to Berwick
Castle, it was wholly dismantled, and there was not ev. n
a gun mounted there.

Mr. WALTER presented petitions for the abolition of
colonial slivery, from Farringdon, W intage, Kingston
Lisle, and several other parts of Berkshire. The Hun.
Member observed that the inhabitants of almost every
t wn in the county which he represented bad expressed
their anxiety for the total abolition of sl.very, and he
trusted that his Majesty's Ministers would give their best
attenion to wishes so gene ally expressed.
Mr. BELL presented a peti'ion from a parish in
Northumherlarel, for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Sir W. MOLESWORTH pees .nt•,d a petition fr"irn the
borough of Launceston, complaining of the abuses which
existed in the corporation of that borough, of the want of
respectabili,y of the A dermen, and praying tnat the
House would institute some inquiry on the subject. As
an instance of the parsons composing the Court of Alder
men, the peti,om stated chit the ,9,ainekeeper nt the Duke
of Northumberland had keen elected to that office.—
(Hear. ) He woul t take upon liiiriselt to assert that t e
borough was as much a nomination Lorough as i hat ever
been before the passing of the Reform Bill.—( Hear )
The petitioners I. It st tingly on .he subj-c,, c.. 0 d no,
avoid expressing !heir inth_nation in strong terms of the
cuit-tiet ponied by the corporation of the oorough, and
he (S,r W. 51olesworth) court bear testimony to the
statement.. mule h) the p-titioners.

Sir H. HARDINGE b gged to ,ender his acknowledg-
ments to the Hon. Baronet fot his COW te,v in giving him
inh.rm&ion of Ii s intention to present ,he petition, the
state meats of which were totally without foundation. The
p tition stated th .t the abuses in the Corp°, arson were
such, in consequence of the Aldermen that were chosen,
that the law wa+ complenly abused; but there was not a
single act 01 misconduct on the part of the 1113,istrat s
even alluded to. The Hon. Baronet had stated that the
Duke of Not thutnberland had lately appointed his game-
k. eper to be one of the Aldermen. Nov that neer a oft nth
and accuracy li.ud not existe I that ought to he attached
to the petiti.o. He would state to tl:e House that the 41-
dividual alluded to was a person possessing consider,ble
property ,s ithin the borough ; his fah, r and grtmliat, er
had both b-en aldermen; and his only co line %VW., that
being fund ot shooting, the Duke of Nortilintiberland not
residing there, he haul given him the liberty of showing
over his property ; but he did not receive a singe
tar ping from the Duke. The petition he (S•r Henry
ifirdinge) must designate as a must contemptitil
libel, nut a single act of misapplication of corporate pi ()-
petty could lie brought against the corpira•iun by M •
Pearce, the solicitor, wbo had si2ned the p,tition whiet►
hud been got up, he must say for electioneering purposes.
'Che prayer of the petition was a cont-mptible libel on dor
aldermen and the corpora inn of the borough. He did
not think it worth his while to waste words on the sub
jest ; however, he wished merely to state that he had no
objection to its being reterred to the Corporation Com-
mittee, but that he did object to the accuracy of what was
stated.

Mr. C. BULLER could not help saying a fetv words in
answ r to the Right H ,n. and Gallant Member, who had
th night proper to attack Mr. Pence. The main charge
th t the Gallant Member brought against him was,
that of his having once been a Tory, but he (Mr. B.)
thought that he ha, wiped that stain away, by two 0,
three yeas constant opposition to them. With regard io
the ge•.eral character of the Cori or.tion of Launceston,
he (Mr. B ) could only say, it was about the very wont
of all Corporations. Mori, complaints were heard of :l.e
honesty of that Corporation than of any other.—(Hear,
hear.) With regard to the gamekeeper, wt.en h.• (the
Hon. Membei), was at Launceston, the subject was men-
tioned to him by the inbab•tatits, and lie asked particularly
whether the gamekeeper was me'ely a nominal one, or
whether the circumstances were such as the gallant Ge-
neral had just now stated. He was informed that he was
a man r- ceiving 50/. a year from the Doke of Not thum-
b-rland, that that was almost his sole sut.sistence, arid that
he was just as much the regul ir servant of the Duke, as
any other man in the Duke's establishment. That w,s
an assertion he had received from his opponent at the
late glee ion. The House therefore should not brand
the petition in the manner in which the gallant General
wished to have it branded, and I should not suppose the
p..titioners had stated an untruth, for, at the utmost, it
could only be considered as an exoperation.
Sir H. HARDINGE would tner,ly state that be bad a
letter in hi+ hand which stated that the indivolud, who
was alleged by the petition to be the game-
keeper of the Duke, at this moment possessed
expensive property in that town, that his grandfather and
father before him were also aldermen, and that his bon!
appointed alderman was not at all connected with his
duties of gamekeeper. He (Sir H. Hardtop) could also
state with respect to Mr. William Pearce, that his great
object bad been on every occasion to throw dirt at the
corporation of Launceston; and he would state that the
