this order, which enjoined them besides to use force,
in case of resistance. After a long explanation, horses
were yoked to the hearse, and the procession entered
into the funeral . precinct between a double file of
gens d'armes.
" The coffin was carried on the shoulder from the
gate of the cemetery to the grave.
(From the C'onstitutionnel.)
VIENNA, AuG. 15.—General Church has pub-
lished the following Proclamation, dated Salamis,
June 9 :

" Greeks !—The nation, the Government, the
Commanders by sea and land, and the philanthropy
of the Greek Committees in Uurope, have done all
in their power for the safety of the Acropolis and
the besieged ; they have furnished the combatants
with all the succour which circumstances permitted;
but unexpected events have disappointed the hopes
which so many efforts and sacrifices excited. The
Acropolis, after an heroic resistance, fell by capitu-
lation into the hands of the enemy; but all the be-
sieged, armed and unarmed, were saved, and em-
barked on board French and Austrian ships of war.
But the advantage drawn by the enemy from this
event is far less considerable than could have been
at first expected, and Providence and your arms
have already saved Greece from greater dangers
than those which threaten you to-day.
" Now that you have on your side the good-will
and succour of the Christian world, which no longer
looks with indifference upon the cruel and sanguinary
character of your tyrants, can you hesitate to strike
new blows at your enemies, and, by glorious achieve-
ments, to establish the glorious existence of Greece ?
Your great sacrifices, as well as the victories already
obtained by you, prove that you are worthy of
liberty ; but to put a final end to your struggle, dis-
regard the deceitful promises of your enemies, for
death and slavery are their inevitable result. Be
convinced that with courage, union, submission, and
energy, you have nothing to fear from the arms of
your enemies, whose destruction is certain if you
fight with perseverance.
" Greeks ! Let all take arms without exception,
without delay ; march courageously against the
enemy—let the other inhabitants contribute by all
possible means to the military enterprises, and doubt
not that victory and triumphs will follow your mis-
fortunes. As to me, I will not lose a moment—l
will neglect nothing to fulfil towards Greece a sa-
cred duty, convinced that if you be firm in the com-
bat you will be conquerors and free.
" General CHURCH."

The Decree of the Representative Commission
of Government, on the subject of nomination of re-
sponsible Ministers prescribed by the new Consti-
tution, is of the following tenor :
" The Representative Commission announces the
following, before the promulgation of the Constitu-
tion now sanctioned. The Representative Com-
mission fulfilled the functions immediately, or
through the medium of their Secretary-General,
M. G. Glaraki, chosen according to the rules of the
Second National Assembly ; but now that this Con-
stitution is published, the Secretaries of State fol-
lowing are appointed by the Representative Com-
mission, in virtue of article 126.
" To Foreign Affairs, M. G. Glaraki ; the Inte-
rior and Police, M. Anastase Loredo ; Finance,
M. G. Maurommati ; War, M. Andre Metesa ; Jus-
tice end Public Education, M. Gerasmus Kopa.
The Secretary for the Marine is not yet named.
" In the absence of M. A. Metesa, M. Glaraki
will discharge his duties.
" Henceforward the Ordinances of the Represen-
tative Commission will be signed by the Secretaries
of the several Departments, according to the articles
of the Constitution. ,

" G. MAUROMICHALE.
" J. M. AIILAITI.
" JANNULI NAKO."
" Pores, 11th June, 1827, Rt•presentative Commission."
