(From the Florence Gazette.)

ANCONA, JUNE 4.—The letters brought here on the
2d by the British schooner Lord Castlereagh, announce
that the President of Greece has declared Hydra a flee
port for five years. On the 20th of April the President
arrived at Poros.

The letters which we have received by the same op,
portunity from Corfu, draw a melancholy picture of Epirus
and Albania. The miseries which Epirus suffers from the
Albanians have become still more dreadful. The Alba-
nians are divided into two parties. The first is that of
Omer Pacha, son of the Kintarki, united with the party
of the notorious Veluo Jace ; the second, which is opposed
to it, has the Selictar Pods at its head. With these two
parties are united the richest Albanian primates, each of
whom has his own adherents. The Selictar, though he has
a powerful party on his side, does not meddle with these
intrigues. Omer Pacha is actually shut up in the citadel
of Janina, and the Albanians in the town do nothing but
plunder and murder the peaceable and poor Greek inhabi-
tants. But these cruel scenes are not confined to Janina.
In the whole surrounding country, particularly in Zageri,
the inhabitants are murdered, and whole families dragged
into slavery. These unhappy people appear to consider
death as the only termination of their sufferings, and of
the daily tyranny which they endured from that savage
race. Several families, some of whom had pecu-
niary resources, left home, and retired into the
islands in the Lake of Janina, where they will probably
have found safety but for a few days ; ten have fled and
escaped to Patras. The Pacha and the Albanians do not
cease to extort money, and when they find that their de-
mands are fruitless, they rummage and dig in the huts, the
cellars, the stables, and the caverns of the inhabitants, in
the hope of discovering hidden treasures. All the Magi-
strates in those countries arc under confinement. The
above letters add, that Count Capo d'lstrias is constantly
engaged in introducing order into the affairs of his
country; that he is indefatigable in travelling from one
place to another; that he carefully examines every thing,
forms useful establishments, causes lazarettos to be built,
and especially exerts himself to introduce education and
knowledge, as the best foundation of national happiness.
VIENNA, JUNE 11.—Metalliques, 1001; Four per
Cents., 96 3-16; Bank Shares, 13461.
JUNE 12.Metallicines, 100 5-16 ; Four per Cents.,
96/ ; Bank Shares, 1353.
BRUSSELS, Juzga 19.—According to t'ae reports con-
tained in the Java Gazettes, almost, all the Chiefs
formerly attached to Diepo Negot:o T.tad made their sub-
mission. One of his sons had surrendered to our troops,
and he himself wandering from desert to desert, from
mountain to mountain, accompanied by two or three men
only, had hitherto escaped wiTh great difficulty from the
detachments of our troops, which pursued him without
ceasing. The remainder of Diepo Negoro's party consists
of only some hands of banditti, who continually fled be-
fore our troops, and will probably be soon destroyed or
dispersed.

Jvri 22.—The Government has given to the good
citizens the most striking proof of it confidence in their
patriotism by putting arms in their hands, and organising
them as civic guards, to secure the respect due to pro-
perty and the laws. At the same time it gave a great
example to other nations, by ceasing to employ foreign
troops in the defence of the State, notwithstanding their
long tried fidelity and their attachment to the family of our
Princes. How, then, can we believe the statement of
some journals, that our Government has concluded a fresh
treaty to take into the service of the Netherlands
two Swiss regiments? . This report is evidently in-
vented for a bad purpose : its authors would make it be
believed the Government confided its safety and del.enee
to foreigners, that it was increasing the expenses of the
State, when the situation ofour finances calls for retrench-
ments which the King, with a firm band, extends to all
the branches of administration. These reports of so ex-
traordinary a retrograde proceeding are therefore destitute
of all foundation. We do not hesitate to declare this, and
to affirm it in the most formal manner.
The King returned to the Hague on the 20th.
We learn that the third secular anniversary of the
Augsburg confession will be celebrated with much solem-
nity at the Hague, on the 27th of this month, in the
Lutheran church.

ODESSA, MAY 29.—1 n the district of Alelett° Pol,
on the west coast of the sea of Azoff, inhabitelt by the
Nogay Tartars, who, at the beginning of this century
were still Pomades, but who, by a wiseadtniolstration, have
been led to cultivate the ground, a port 'has been formed
on the isthmus of Berdianska, whit n ill be opened on
the 13th of July. It is destined exclusively for Russian
ships, and the exportation and importation of Russian
inerchandize. It promises to he, of great use in facilitating
the communications with Taurilla, the Ukraine, and Little
Russia.

A little pamphlet., entitled " Remarks on the
actual State of t! 1e University of Cambridge,"
has just been sent us. It is penned in a tem-
perate, gentlemanly, but somewhat insipid
style, and displays knowledge of the subject,
though to !no great extent. The writer objects
to the present system of education pursued
at the University through the medium—
first, of the College Lectures, and secondly,
of the Professors' Lecture's ; remarking, and not
without justice, that as a regular attendance on
them is not sufficiently insisted on, they are
seldom—with the exception perhaps of the
Lectures of Professors SEDGEWICK and
SMYTHE—worth listening to, being mere mat-
ters of form—dull, dry, and unimportant. On
the subjects of Fellowships the author speaks
more to the point ; he styles them "valuable
premiums on celibacy," and proposes, instead of
the present " unnatural tenure" by which they
are held, to substitute a new arrangement, viz.,
"by establishing the inability to hold a Fellow-
ship with any annual income of the same
amount." This certainly would be an im-
provement on the present system of Fellow-
ships ; for the vacancies (to keep up a cer-
tain number of which celibacy is insisted on)
would still be as numerous as ever by the exclu-
sion of pluralists and monied men. The great
defect in the pamphlet before us is, that though
it comments in detail on many of the acknow-
rrL • - - - _
