TI'FSDAY.

Seventh year of the Tuesday's Riddlesworth's Stakes of 200 sous.
each, h. ft. for the produce of mares covered in 1836 ; colts, Bst.
7 lb. ; fillies, Bst. 4 lb. Ab. 31. Untried mares or stallions
allowed 3 lbs, if both, 5 lbs.
Ld. Exeter's f. by Reveller, out of Green Mantle (tn. untried);
Ld. Exeter's c. (dead) by Beiram, out of Advance (h. untried);
Ld. Jersey's b. f. by Sultan, out of Trampoline ; Ld. Tavistock's
f: by
i Taurus, out of Leeway (h. untried) ; Mr. Ridsdale's Flores-
tine s sent abroad, and is declared barren ; should she not have
proved so, the forfeit will be incurred.

The Column Stakes of 50WE sowD s.NESDAY each,. h. ft. for the produce of
mares covered in 1836 ; colts, Bst. 7lb ; fillies, Bst. 4 lb. R. M.
Those got by untried stallions, or out of untried mares, allowed
3 lbs, if both, 5 lbs.
Mr. W. Edwards's c. by Jerry, out of Destiny, by Centaur;
111. r. W. Edwards's c. by Taurus, out of Sneaker, by Camel (both
Untried) ; Mr. 13atson's ch. f. by Plenipotentiary, out of Revelry
(r• untried) ; Mr. Batson's br. f. by Emilius, out of Harriet, by
ericles ; Mr. Osbaldeston's c. (dead) by the Saddler, out of Lady
Elizabeth (both untried) ; Ld. Albemarle's c. by Camel, out of
411tiope; Ld. Albemarle's f. by Plenipotentiary, out of Ally (h.
ed)" untried); Sir M. Wood's f. (dead) by Jerry, out of Camarine (m.
t ried ); Sir M.
Sir M. Wood's c. by Jerry, out of Lucett.a (m. un-
\reod's c. by Plenipotentiary, out of Pastime (h.
lultried) ' Ld. Exeter's c. by Sultan, out of Velvet; Ld. Exeter's
by Sultan, out of Ramona; Ld. Chesterfield's br. c. by Mu-
4t°, out of Arcot Lass; Ld. Chesterfield's b. f. by Mulatto, out
Charit
For y ; Mr. Houldsworth's ch. f. by Velocipede, out of
tti.°lll; Ld. Jersey's f. by Glencoe, out of Alea (both untried);
Jersey's f. by Glencoe, out of sister to Cobweb (h. untried);
pot Jersey's c. by Ishmael, out of Filagree (h. untried) ; D. of
of p and's f. by Plenipotentiary, out of Thebes (h. untried); D.
"rtland's c. by Glencoe,'out of Tragedy (h. untried); D. of
Portland's e. by Glencoe, Out of Ruth (both untried) ; D. of
Portland's c. by Tiresias, out of Souvenir ; Ld. Tavistock's b. c.
byPeel'a e. Taurus, out of Plaything, by Lamplighter (both untried) ; Col.
by Cain, out of Garcia ; Col. Peel's b. c. by Velocipede,
or St. Nicholas, out of Fille de Joie ; Col. Peel's f. by Cain, out
of Hester (m. untried); Col Peel's ch. c. by Glencoe, out of
Jason's dam (h. untried) ; Ld. Orford's gr. c. by Clearwell, out of
Angelica h. untried) ; Mr. Bond's f. by Glencoe, out of Moor-hen,
by Emilius (both untried); Mr. Wood ns. b. f. by Saracen, out
of Nlaudadine; Mr. Wood us. ch. c by Velocipede, out of Ama-
don (m. untried); Mr. Wood ns. ch. c. by Saracen, out of Eye-
sore ; Mr. Thornbill's eh. f. by Emilius, out of Mustard ; Mr.
Thornbill's b. f. by Emilius, out of Variation (rn. untried).

CRAVEN MEETING, 1841.
310NDAY.

The twenty-seventh Riddlesworth Stakes of 200 sovs. each, h. ft.
tor the produce of mares covered in 1837 ; colts, tdst. 7 lb. ;
fillies, Bst. 4 lbs. Ab. M. Untried snares, or untried stallions,
allowed 3 lbs, if both, 5 lbs. No produce, no forfeit. Produce
or failure to be declared in the July Meeting, 138.
Mr. Thornbill's Mustard, covered by Emilius; Mr. Thornhill's
ia, by Emilius ; Lord Lichfield's s:ster to Portrait, by Langar ;
Lord Lichfield's Lioness (both untried), by Ishmael ; Lord Lich-
field's Miniature, by Langar ; Mr. Osbaideston's Lady Elizabeth
(both untried), by The Saddler; Sir Al. Wood's Camarine (both
untried)" by The Physician ; Sir M. Wood's Lucetta (both untried),
by Plenipotentiary ; Mr. Wreford's Monimia, by Sultan ; Lord
Jersey's Trampoline, by Sultan ; Lord Jersey's Cobweb, by Sultan ;
Colonel Peel's Garcia, by Sultan.

TUEsnAY.
.Eighth Year of the Tuesday's Riddlesworth Stakes of 200 sovs.
each, h. ft., for the produce of mares covered in 1837 ; colts,
Bst. 71b; fillies, Bst. 411 b. D.M. Untried stallions or mares
allowed albs ;if both, 51bs. No produce no forfeit. Produce or
failure to be declared in the July Meeting, 1835.
_Lord Exeter's Datura (mare untried), covered by Sultan ; Lord
txt ter's Velvet, by Sultan ; Mr. Watts's Nicotris (mare untried),
Iby Voltaire ; Lord Chesterfield's Rowton's dam, by Sultan ; Sir
%,!: Wood's Pastime (horse untried), by The Physician ; Sir M.
Wood's m. by Blacklock, out of Altisidora (horse untried), by
Plenipotentiary ; Mr. Wreford's Margellina, by Sultan ; Duke of
Por tla.nd's Thebes (horse untried), by Mundig ; Duke of Port-
land's 'Tragedy (horse untried), by Glaucus ; Colonel Peel's Hester
(mare myriad), by Sultan ; Colonel Peel's Garcia, by Sultan ;
,ord
Jerse)'s Ales (flare untried), by Buzzard ; Lord Jersey's
npoline, by Sul'att.

AQUATICS.
DoccET's COAT AND BADGE.—The livery and badge be-
q „athed by Doggett, of facetious memory, was rowed for yes-
-8.'14701nd but for the very unfavourable state of the weather
tiht have afforded some gratification ; but, as it was, there
/" but few present, the attending boats counting only in
their, mews those who were intimate with the respective cand!.-
uatli. The match is for young vratermen just out of their
.
anti the distance from Swan to Swan (from London
Bride
to Battersea Bridge) against tide. The start took
plan, a little after five, and Crew, who had the best place,
took the lead ; he was,
however,' closely' followed by Harrison,
awnadt Ellis in a few strokes was good third. shooting the
er over to Bankside, Harrison made his push ; it was hit or
omand he arrived first in shore. He was evidently suffering
orne great exertion ; but he laid down until he bad time to
ie
and went on right a-head to Battersea. Crew and Hop-
kle passed and repassed each other thrice ; in fact, it was a
V! pretty race ketween them. The men came in thus—
"( h 0 NK Harrison, Bankside, 1; George Mode, ilorselydown,

2 ; William Crew, Wandsworth, 3 ; Henry Hopkins, Horsely.
down, 4. The other two men were distanced; they were Ellis,
of Horseferry, and Kitchen, of Horselydown. It was won by
half a mile.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

CROWN-OFFICE, JULY 31.

MEMBERS RETURNED TO SERVE IN THE NEW PARLIAMENT.
BERWICK-UPON-TWEED. Richard Hodgson, of the town of
Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Stelling-hall, in the county of North-
umberland, Esq. ; and William Holmes, of No. id, Grafton-
street, in the parish of St. George, Westminster, in the county
of Middlesex, Esq.
CUPAR, ST. ANDREWS, ANSTRUTHER •EASTER, ANSTRUTIIER
WESTER, CRAIL, KILKENNY, AND PITTENWKEM.—Edward
Ellice,iun., Esq.
ELGIN, CULLEN, BANFF, INVERURY, KINTORE, AND PETER-
HEAD.—Sir Andrew Leith Hay the younger, of Rennes, Knt.
HADDINOTON, DUNBAR, NORTII BERWICK, LAUDER, AND JED-
BURGH.—Robert Steuart, Esq., one of the Lords of the Trea-
sury.
HAVERFORDWEST.—Sir Richard Bulkeley Philipps Philipps, of
Picton Castle, Pembrokeshire, Bart.
HERTFORDSHIRE.—The Hon. James Walter Grimston, com-
monly called Viscount Grimston ; Rowland Alston, of Cashio-
bury, Esq. ; and Abel Smith, of Woodhall, Esq.
HERTFORD.—The llon. Philip Henry Stanhope, commonly called
Viscount Mahon ; and the Hon. William Francis Cowper.
INVERKEITHING, DUNFERMLINE, QUEENSFERRY, CULROSS,
AND STIRLING.—The Hon. Archibald Primrose, commonly
called Lord Dalmeny.
KIRKALDY, DYSART, KINGLIORN, AND BURNTISLAND.—Robert
Ferguson, Esq., of Raith.
LlNCOLN.—Charles De Laet Waldo Sibthorp, Esq. ; and Ed-
ward George Earle Lytton Bulwer, Esq.
LINLITHGOW, LANARK, FALKIRK, AIRDRIE, AND HAMILTON.
William Downe Dillon, Esq. of Wallhouse.
NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE.—William Ord, of Whitfield-hall, in
the County of Northumberland, Esq. ; and John Hodgson Ihnde,
of Elswick, in the same County, Esq.
RUTLAND.—Sir Gerard Noel, of Exton-park, in the county of
Rutland, Bart. ; and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, of Normauton, in
the said county of Rutland, Bart.
SOUTHAMPTON.—AbeI Rous Dottin, of Bugle-hall, in the town
and county of Southampton, Esq. ; and Adam Duncan, Esq.,
commonly called Viscount Duncan, of the Albany, in the city
of Westminster.

ST. ALBA NS.—The Hon. Edward Harbottle Grimston ; and
George Alfred Musket, Esq.
YORIC.—John Henry Lowther, of Swillington-hall, in the county
of York, Esq. ; and the Hon. John Charles Dundas, of Mice-
hall, in the county of York.

WAR-OFFICE, Aug. 1, 1837.

2d Regiment or Dragoon Guards.-=Cspt. H. Boys, from the
12th Foot, to be Paymaster, vice J. Davis, who retires upon half-
pay, Aug. 1.
80th Regiment of Foot.—Lieut. T. B. Hunt, from the 97th
Foot, to be Paymaster, vice J. Grant, who retires upon half-pay,
Aug. 1.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, JULY 31.
ROYAL REGIMENT OF A RTILLERY. —Second Lieut. E. Ma-
berley, to be First Lieutenant, vice Marlay, deceased, June 24.
OR DNA NCE MEDIC A L
.DEPA RTMEN T. —Temporary Assistant-
Surgeon J. S. Litle, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Page, de-
ceased, Nov. 2 ; Temporary Assistant Surgeon J. Mackintosh,
M.D., to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Nelson, promoted, Nov. 23.

Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of

Warwick.

Warwickshire Yeomanry Cavalry.—Lieutenant J. Miller to be
Captain and Adjutant, vice T. Smith, resigned.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Stafford.
Staffordshire Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—Cornet H. Crane
to be Lieutenant, vice Pigot, resigned. W. Izon, Gent. to be
Cornet, vice Crane, promoted, July 22.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Oxford.
Ist, or Queen's Own Regiment of Oxfordshire Yeomanry
Cavalry.—Cornet L. Pickering to be Lieutenant, vice Parker,
promoted ; H. W. Dasliwood, Gent., to be Lieutenant, vice
13arne, resigned, 17th July.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
JONATHAN BARNES, currier, Derby.
BANKRUPTS.

JOHN HAYLES, builder, I3righthelmstone, to surrender
Aug. 8, at eleven, ar.d Sept. 12, at half-past ten, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Abbott, official assignee ; Neal, Threadneedle-street.
WARWICK WESTON, merchant, Gracechurch-street, Aug.
12, at half-past one, and Sept. 12, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Edwards, Pancras-lane, official assignee ; Wood
and Ellis, Corbet-court, Gracechurch-street.
NATHANIEL RUSSELL, flax-dresser, Northallerton, York-
shire, Aug. 9, and Sept. 12, at eleven, at the Golden Lion Inn,
Northallerton. Hall, Bishop, and Mourilyan, Yerulam-buildings,
Gray's Inn, London ; Hirst, Northallerton.
CHARLES FROST, draper, Chard, Somersetshire, Aug. 18,
and Sept. 12. at one, at the Castle Inn, Taunton. Jenkins and
Abbott, New Inn ; Clarke and Sons, Bristol.
DANIEL NIELD, the younger, cotton spinner, Shaw-edge,
near Oldham, Lancashire, Aug. 25, and Sept. 12, at three, at the
Commissioners'-rooms, Manchester. Makinson and Saunders,
Elm-court, Temple; Atkinson, Birch, and Saunders, Manchester.
DIVIDENDS.
At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
J. Carter, wine merchant, Great Badtlow, Essex, Aug. 22, at
half-past twelve—M. Ade and F. Berger, merchants, Lime-street,
City, Aug. 22, at twelve.
In the Country.
J. Earner, hop merchant, Preston, Lancashire, Aug. 25, at
eleven, at the Town Hall, Preston—T. Becket, cheesefactor,
Norbury, Cheshire, Aug. 31, at ten, at the White Bear Inn, Mid-
dlewich—A. Aglio, dealer, Smedley, Manchester, Aug. 22, at
three, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Manchester—e. Vertue,
merchant, Woodbridge, Aug. 25, at twelve, at the Great White
Tavern, Ipswich—H. Dunn, provision dealer, Manchester, Aug.
23, at ten, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Manchester—R. Rids-
dale, Murton, Yorkshire, Aug. 22, at eleven, at the Falcon Inn,
Micklegate—H. Thorpe, miller, Herne Bay, Aug. 21, at one, at
the Guildhall, Canterbury—J. Hooper, sen., and E. Franklin,
Westbury. Wilts, Aug. 22, at twelve, at the Black Bear Inn, De-
vizes—J. Baddock and S. Barnes' machine makers, Oldham, Sept.
11, at ten, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Manchester.
CERTIFICATES, AUGUST 22.
. _ _

J. Evans, dyer, Manchester—A. Southward, dyer, Manchester
—T. Osman, mercer, Burford, Oxfordshire—J. Nielal, Midge-hill,
within Saddleworth, Yorkshire—E. W. Slack, druggist., Hanley,
Staffordshire—E. 13. Force, grocer, Exeter—T. Cartwright, Man-
chester—W. Birt, plasterer, Warwick—J. Threlfall, stuff-mer-
chant, Leeds—T. Kinder, farmer, Kirby in Ashfield, Nottingham—
J. C. Smith, upholsterer, Denmark-hill, Camberwell.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
J. Fenton, and W. I. Madden, Riga—A. T. M. Sparrow, and
J. 0. Sparrow, farmers, Childerditch, Essex—D. Nathan and
A. Levi, jewellers, Liverpool—R. B. Watson and E. C. Hopps,
insurance-brokers, Leeds—J. Puttock and J. Hart, attorneys,
Epsom—J. Penny and T. Sargent, brewers, Devonport—J. Hill
and T. Peace, cement manufacturers, Emscote, Warwickshire—
F. Fogg and R. H. Heaton, brewers, Great Bolton, Lancaster—
J. Blacket and T. Mcase, flax-spinners, Stokesley, Yorkshire—
W. M., A., and A. Johnson, schoolmasters, Canonbury-square,
Islington, Middlesex—J., W. and M. A. Norbury, copper-
smiths, Whitechapel-road (so far as regards M. A. Norbury)—
C. Price and W. J. Vaughan, ironmongers, Abergavenny—J. and
Mary Highman, plumbers, St. Michael's Hill and Clifton, Bristol
—Knatchbull, Rule, and Co., merchants, Gracechurch street—
J. Thomson, and J. Chippendall, calico printers, Manchester—W.
Dentith and P. Bancroft, drysalters, Liverpool—R. and J. C.
Marsden, merchants, Manchester--E. Corke, and J. F. Swift,
painters, Hampstead.
SCOTCH SEQUESTRATION.

WILLIAM APLEAN, engineer, Bridgeton, Glasgow, Aug.
4 and 18, at two, at the Black Bull Inn, Glasgow.

There will be a vacancy in Lady Dacre's school for
a boy in September, Alderman Hunter's presentation ; and two
vacancies in December for girls—Aldermen Scholey and Birch
will have the presentations. In this school the children are
clothed, fed, and educated, and ten pounds given with each on
leaving the school. Petitions can be obtained at the tows-
clerk's office, Guildhall. Children are entitled who reside in
the city or liberties of Westminster.

The account of the decease of his late Majcsty was
received at Gibraltar by the Blazer steamer, on the Bth July.
The Governor-General, Sir A. Woodford, immediately assem-
bled the authorities and principal inhabitants together, and
swore allegiance to Queen Victoria. At day light the fallow-
ing morning the garrison fired GO minute guns, with the colours
hoisted half-staff, and the same number were fired by the
Orestes and Childers sloops of war, and 30 by the Nereide,
Sardinian brig of war. At one o'clock the flags were hoisted
to the heads of the masts, the garrison was assembled, and the
Queen was proclaimed in due form, under salutes of 41 guns
from each of the batteries and ships, including the French sloop
Alcihiade, and the Neapolitan frigate Ur anie, and a feu-de-
joie by the troops. At the date of the last advices (July 20th)
the garrison and inhabitants of Gibraltar were quite healthy.
THE FRENCH IN AFRICA.—The Garde National
of Marseilles publishes the following of the 9th instant, from
Oran :—" The trade of Oran, which had been almost annihi-
lated by the continuance of hostilities, has begun to revive
since the ratification of the treaty. Provisions are abundant ;
different objects of exchange are again appearing in the mar-
kets, and a diminution of more than one-half is already per-
ceptible in the price of meat, oil, fowl, and, in short, all that
had been rendered scarce, and consequently dear, through our
nonintercourse with the tribes. Every circumstance an-
nounces that after the harvest we shall obtain results not always
gained by victory ; that is to say, a free trade with the people
of the country, the sole mode of civilizing them, and of
establishing ourselves securely in the good opinion of the
neighbouring tribes, as well as on the soil which the natives
no longer dispute with us. Abdel Bader neglects no oppor-
tunity of showing his desire for the maintenance of peace.
It is a mistake to suppose that he has gained an accession
of power or influence by the treaty ; for, amongst his
barbarous tribes, who settle every thing with the sabre, he
could he aggrandized by war alone. Could we confer on
him still greater authority than he already enjoys over the
tribes, and a still greater right to the territory, the tribes would
not recognise such concessions. When we reflect that the
war, which they considered sacred, as being waged against in-
fidels, rallied round the Emir a number of rival chiefs,jealous
of his power, we must admit that, independently of the incon-
testable advantages of peace, it was good policy to deprive a
dangerous enemy, who could almost baffle the power of our
arms, of the means and opportunities of extending his influence,
and incessantly disputing our conquests. In this point of view
peace diminishes the power of the Emir ; and unless he turn
legislator and reformer, a change which his fanaticism renders
highly improbable, he will again sink into the sphere whence
he had momentarily emerged, in consequence of our incessant
and useless contests. The general, whose activity is sur-
prising, especially in all that relates to the welfare of the
soldiery, labours unremittingly for the consolidation of his
work. He hopes to return to France in a few days, and
after performing quarantine at Mahon, will land at Port-
Vendres."

On Saturday night last the village of Holmes
Chapel was thrown into great confusion in consequence of the
unfortunate death of Thomas Lowe, who was killed whilst
fighting with a man of the name of Dale. His death was
caused by a fracture of the skull,—Atanchester Times.

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1837.

MIDDLESEX ELECTION.

the public service in ►which be had been the means of rd.
forming, and the profligate expenditure and jobbing in which
he had long endeavoured to put an end to.—(Cheers.)
It was true that some had taken offence that he (Mr.
Hume) had not canvassed them. They said that if a vote
were worth having it was worth asking for. Now, he
had conceived a higher notion of the feelings of the
electors. He thought that they would discharge their trust
without fear on the one hand, or solicitation on the other.—
( Hear and cheers.) Ile asked them to return himself and
Mr. Byng, not as a favour, but for their own (the people's)
interest. They had tried them long, and if they thought
that Mossrs. Pownall and Wood would serve them better,
why, let them return them.—(Cheers.) Mr. Hume then
went into an explanation of the Russian Loan Bill, on
which it was alleged that he said he would vote " black
and white." When he found that he could not carry his
point, which was to save the people's money, sooner than
throw his influence on the Tory side, which would haver
used it to oust the Liberal administration, he yielded it, and
said, that although he knew he was voting for what was
the same as saying black was white, still he should do so
rather than deliver the destinies of the country into the
hands of the Tories.—(Loud and long-continued cheers.)
Mr. Flume then advocated the necessity of the ballot and
Triennial Parliaments ; and having passed a warm eulogy
on the character of the Queen and her Ministers, whose ob-
ject was to improve the condition of the people and to re-
form the institutions of the country, congratulated the
people on having escaped the rule of the present
King of Hanover, who might have succeeded to the
throne. He hoped that an honest House of Commons
would pass a Bill excluding him from every chance of that
succession.—(Hear, hear.) If no other Member should .
bring in that Bill, if the electors of Middlesex returned him,
he should do so himself.—( Loud cheers.) The people
. should not be too confident of their strength ; they should
look to the disastrous result of the East Surrey election, and
remember, that, as they were to be hard pressed in Mid-
dlesex, every man who had a vote should feel that perhaps
on himself the fate of the county depended.--(Cheers.)
Mr. WOLLETON, after some prefatory observations,
complimentary of the Reform candidates, proposed a resolu-
tion of confidence in them, and expressive of the determina-
tion of the electors to return them for the county of Mid-
dlesex.

A very numerous and respectable meeting of the free-
holders of the county of Middlesex was held yesterday at
the London Tavern, Bishopsgate.street, to take measures
for securing a fit and proper representative of the metropo-
litan county in the ensuing Parliament. The meeting was
called for two o'clock, and shortly after that hour Mr. Byng
and Mr. Hume entered the room, and were most enthusi-
astically received.
Alderman LAINSON being called to the chair, said he
had a very pleasing duty to perform in calling the attention
of the meeting to their two late worthy representatives,
who were again candidates for their suffrages. He had
the greatest confidence in the talent, the intelligence, the
perseverance, and the manly conduct of their two candi-
dates, and he was sure that their future conduct would
be perfectly in unison with their former life, and that
they would do all in their power, as they had always
done, to advance the best interests of the whole com-
munity.—(Loud cheers.)
J. WILKS. Esq., came forward to move the first resolu-
tion, to the effect that the valuable services gnd consistent
conluct of Messrs. Byng and Hume, throughout a long
series of years, had fully entitled them to the gratitude and
entire confidence of the electors of the county of Mid-
dlesex, for having uniformly proved themselves the un-
compromising and indefatigable enemies of all national
abuses, the unflinching advocates of economy in all the de.
partments in the State, and the able and zealous supporters
of all measures calculated to promote and extend civil and
religious liberty.—(Loud cheers.) He had known both the
worthy candidates for many years ; they had both been the
supporters of the popular cause, and the advocates of re-
form when reform was not the fashion ; and was it to be
endured that now, when the principles of reform were
triumphant, those who most ably contributed to that
triumph were to be deprived of ther share of the honour
attached to it ? He begged more particularly to im-
press on the dissenting body the justice and the
propriety of using every effort in support of those who
had shown by their conduct in Parliament that they enter-
tained a clear and enlightened knowledge of the true prin-
ciples of religious liberty.—(Loud cheers.) He would only
trouble them with one more observation. He had heard
with surprise and regret that some Reformers, or persons
who call themselves Reformers, intended to give plumpers
on the present occasion, some to Mr. Byng and some to
Mr. Hume. Non, such infatuation could not be too
strongly deprecated, and he would boldly and fearlessly
say that no honest Reformer could be guilty of such con-
duct at such a crisis as the present.—(Cheers.)
Alderman WOOD, M.P., rose to second the resolution.
He said that he could assure the electors of Middlesex,
from his own personal knowledge, that it would be impos-
sible for them to find representatives who would do their
duty as Messrs. Byng and Hume had done.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously,
amidst loud cheers.

The resolution was received with loud applause.
After which, a vote of thanks having been passed to the
Thairman, the meeting separated.

COUNTY OF HADDINGTON.

JULY 29.--The nomination of candidates (Mr. Fergu-
son, of Raith, and Lord Ramsay) for the county of Had-
dington, took place this day. The town was early in a
state of activity, and although the day was very inauspi-
cious, the rain falling constantly and heavily, there could
not be fewer than one thousand eight hundred persons in
front of the hustings.
Sir DAVID BAIRD presented himself and spoke to the
following effect :—After an interval of upwards of two
years I have once more the honour to stand forward on the
hustings, again to nominate Mr. Ferguson as our Repre-
sentative in the next Parliament.---(Cheers.) So strong do
I feel the claim which he has on the county, that I do not
hesitate to say that he ought to be backed up by such a
phalanx of the independent tenantry as to prove to the
Tory party that the principles which they profess are repu-
diated by the great majority of the constituency of the
county of Haddington.—(Cheers.) He has other valua-
ble claims on you for support. He is a tried, and has been
a consistent politician. He has never swerved from the
principles which lie has all along professed. In the mean
tame the Tories, the truly beloved friends, as they call them-
selves, of the great majority of the people, the great sup-
porters of the House of Lords, fully aware of the despe-
rate nature of thrir cause, are determined, as the saying is,
to die hard. They are stretching every nerve, and leaving
no stone unturned to prop up their falling cause, to gain
that ascendancy in the management of affairs which they
lost by their own obstinacy and misconduct. When argu-
ment fails them they resort to artifice to enlist on their side
the prejudice of the people. Such is the cry of " the
Church in danger," which they have endeavoured to raise
against some of the measures introduced into Parliament
(but if the Church is in danger at all, it is so from the
impolcy of political pastors), one of which you know pro-
posed the extension of the same municipal privileges in Ire-
land, as we enjoy in England and Scotland.—(Cheers.)
Although they have been called " aliens" they are our fel-
low countrymen ; and although they are Catholics, they are
our fellow Christians.—(Cheering.) They are refused the
election of their own Magistrates ; and the reason assigned
for this is that they are Catholics. But may we not
learn a lesson and take warning when we behold what is
passing around us, when we reflect on the late act of the
illustrious personage who is a member of that party, and who
now rules our late Hanoverian fellow subjects, and threatens
their liberties ?—(Loud cheers.) With this specimen of
the spirit of our own Tories, together with that example,
that conclusive evidence, of the Conservative despotism of
that illustrious and much-cherished member of that body, I
ask every man if there is not ground of alarm lest the liber-
ties we enjoy be not trodden under foot, like those of our late
Hanoverian brethren, by the royal Conservative who, un-
fortunately for their liberties, now governs them ? What
guarantee, I would like to ask, have we that our rights and
privileges will continue to be respected, should that party
again ,get into power ? Once more I 1).!.g to propose as
your representative Mr. Ferguson.—(lmmense cheering.)

Mr. BYNG rose to return thanks, and was loudly
cheered. He said that after having had the honour of re-
presenting them for so many years, nothing was so gratify-
ing to him as to find he still retained their friendship and
confidence.—(Loud cheers.) Indeed he thought he might,
without vanity or presumption, say that he deserved it.—
(Immense cheering.) He had from the earliest period of
his life been the advocate of all the great measures which
had been carried only within the last six or seven years.—
(Cheers.) From the earliest part of his life he had been a
determined friend to civil and religious liberty, and that at
a time when the Dissenters themselves did not come for-
ward to support their own cause as they might have been
expected to have done. He might say the same with re-
gard to Parliamentary Reform. Ile had gone on for thirty
or forty years with very little prospect of success, and to
show that he did not advocate those measures in order to
influence the opinions of the electors of Middlesex, he
might state that for many years he had been acting con-
trary to the opinions of the majority of his con-
stituents ; but though they differed from him, yet
in this independent county honesty always had its
due weight, and though they differed from him,
they gave him credit for acting conscientiously, and
therefore they continued their support.—(Cheers.) On the
present occasion lie had been charged with having coalesced
with Mr. Hume. Now the word coalition was an unpopu-
lar word, because its ordinary meaning was that two or
more individuals had united for base and selfish purposes,
and not for the public good. But upon this occas:oa no such
thing existed. Two Anti-Reformers had been brought
forward, upon which the Reformers naturally met the very
next day at the Salopian Coffee-house, and determined to
support their two old representatives.—(Cheers.) Nothing
was more natural than that they should so act. He should
consider himself disgraced indeed, vilely and contemptibly
disgraced, if he could be induced in any shape whatever to
speak disr sptclully of Mr.. Hume, whom in his conscience
he believed to have rendered more service to his coun-
try, than any other man in ;,he House of Commons.—
(Loud and continued cheering.) He had received a no-
tice that morning that one hundred gentlemen intended to
plump for him. Now he was confident that not a single
real Reformer could possibly think of giving him a plumper.
—(Loud cheers.) To the present Reform Government he
was much devoted, because he thought they had done and
would do more than any other Government he had ever
witnessed.—(Cheers.) For forty years of his life he had
stood up for the popular cause, in opposition to the King's
u
Ministers ; but behold, at this moment, the popular cause
and the Queen's Government was one and the same thing.
—(Cheers.) He, therefore, had no feeling whatever O4f.'
doubt as to their success.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. Hume then came forward, and was most enthusias-
tically received. He had always been the friend of civil
and religious liberty, he had always promoted Reform in
every useful and practicable stage, he had endeavoured to
render every establishment in the country more useful and
effective ; in a word, he had advocated every measure which
tended to the welfare of the people.—(Cheers.) He defied
any man to show that upon any question he had ever taken
a particular course for personal or private interest.---(Loud
cheers.) He had always been the friend of the millions
in opposition to the domination of the few.—(Cheers.) He
had always endeavoured to put down monopolies, and more
especially the monopoly of the few who robbed the people,
and kept them in vile subjection by the fruits of their rob-
bery.—(Loud cheers.) This course of public conduct it
was which induced the electors of this great county to in-
vite him to offer himself as a candidate, and this it was
that ensured his election.—(Cheers.) He had done his
duty as their representative—he felt that he might fearlessly
turn round to the electors and say, " I have done my duty
—do you do yours."—( Loud cheers.) On his public acts and
conduct he rested for support on the present occasion. He
had no party to support him on one side or the other ; he
could only appeal to the friends and supporters of those
measures which lie had advocated fearlessly and continually
to the sacrifice of many of those indulgences which his sta-
tion in life would have afforded him.—(Continued cheers.)
He would conclude by calling upon them, into the name of
Reform and of the Queen, to do their duty.—(Cheers.)
H. WAnatrivros, Esq., M.P., the Chairman of the Com-
mittee for conducting the election of Messrs. Byng and
Hume, informed the meeting that the Liberal candidates
had already received promises sufficient to ensure success if
those promises were kept. He would therefore earnestly
impress on the minds of all td hasten to give theirvotes the
first thing on Thursday morning, and to urge on their less
active neighbours.

Sir THOMAS DICE LAUDER seconded the nomination.
Mr. HUNTER (of Hurston-wood) came forward to nomi-
nate Lord Ramsay as a fit person to represent the county
in Parliament. He (Mr. Hunter) was sorry to stand op-
posed to Mr. Fergusson as a friend and neighbour ; and,
except in a political point of view, nothing could have in-
duced him to offer any oppositions to his return. But Mr.
Ferguson being one of the party who had brought the
country into a state of confusion, he considered it his duty
to give his support to Lord Ramsay, who was anxious and
willing to assist in restoring the country to a healthy state.
--(Hissing and cheering.)
Mr. HowDEx (of Lawhead) seconded the nomination ;
after which
Mr. FERGUSON, who was received with enthusiastic
cheering, said—My friend Mr. Hunter said the country was
in a state of confusion, and that by supporting the Tory in-
terest was the only means of restoring tranquillity. I would
be glad to know by what means the Tories would give peace
and harmony to the country? I suppose he means that he
would give tranquillity to the country by depriving the
people of the blessings of the Reform Act.—( Loud cheers.)
We are accused of putting the country in a state of con-
fusion. I will tell you what has produced confusion—the
stoppage which we have had from the House of Lords.—
(Cheering.) We are called subvertcrs. Every man that
listens to me must feel that justice is due to Ireland. Why
should we refuse to bestow on Ireland civil rights which
we enjoy ourselves? Will you refuse justice to Ireland
and prefer bloodshed and civil war ?—(Cheering.) To
say, in a great religious country like this, that the Church
was in danger is preposterous. The Church is in no dan-
ger, unless the danger arises from the political frenzy of
the ministers of the Church themselves.—(Cheering.)
Lord RAMSAY presented himself amidst hissing and yel-
ling, and could not be heard for some time. He said, I
will venture to state the grounds on which I oppose Mr.
Ferguson. I oppose him because his opinions are not in
accordance with those of the majority of the county—
(Loud hissing)—because he is an undeviating and unhe-
sitating supporter of the present Ministry.--(hear, hear,
and immense cheering.) I oppose him because he is the
supporter of a Ministry which commenced in faction and
continued in imbecility. I oppose him because he is the
supporter of a faction which turned out the former Govern-
inz,nt by their adherence to what is called the appropriation
!dense, which has now been allowed to die of apoplexy in
its chair, unnoticed and unhonoured.—(Hissing.) I oppose
him because he is the supporter ore Ministry who have cre-
ated more patronages and appropriated more jobs than any
Ministry that has existed for years before them—(Cheers
and hisses)—because he is the supporter of a party whose
only object has been self-aggrandisement—( Hisses)—be-
cause in looking to our foreign relations we find ourselves
embroilel in a quarrel, wasting our money, and throwing
away British lives needlessly, when we ourselves are in pro-
found peace. I ask if the constituency of this county will
elect a man who has publicly given forth that O'Connell
has done great good to his country.—(" Yes, yes." Three
cheers for O'Connell.)
he SHERIFF called for a show of hands, which was im-
mensely in favour of Mr. Ferguson ; upon which Lord
Ramsay demanded a poll.

A vote of thanks was then voted to the Chairman, and
the meeting separated.

MEETING OF THE MIDDLESEX ELECTORS
RESIDENT IN SOUTHWARK.

Yesterday evening a large and influential meeting :of the
electors was held at the Elephant and Castle, Benjamin
Hawes, jun., Esq., M.P., in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN opened the proceedings of the meeting
by expressing his regret that the great room of the hotel,
large as it was, was not sufficiently so to accommodate the
immense number of the friends of Reform assembled on
that occasion to receive their long-tried friends, Messrs.
Byng and Hume, and to hear their sentiments in their re-
gard. Still, as they were aware that every possible accom-
modaCon was afforded them, they would, he trusted, be pa-
tient, and submit to temporary inconvenience.—(Cheers.)
The Hon. Gentleman then pronounced a brief, but im-
pressive eulogium on the characters and services of Messrs.
Byng. and Hume ; and asked what had Messrs. Pownall
and Wood and their party done for the people ? Nothing
but to oppress and render them poorer and more unhappy.
—(Cheers.)
Mr. HUMS rose amidst the most enthusiastic cheering.
When the applause had subsided he proceeded to address
the meeting. He was now the same, and should continue
to be aswhen he first sat in Parliament, when it was un-
fashionable to advocate the people's cause in the truth and
purity of its sincere meaning—(Cheers)—when more than
two-thirds of the House of Commons were Tories, and less
than one-third were Whigs, he was one of the very few
who stood by the rights of the people, and with the view
of bettering their condition, laid before them the arduous
task of reforming the House of their Representatives.—
( Cheers.) In those times he stood by the people—he should
not desert them now.—(Loud cheers.) Mr. Hawes had
verily said that he had been called an economist, and that
superficial politicians harped at his sticking at pounds, shil-
lings, and pence. Why the politics of the Tories, were potn"ls,
shillings, and pence. And it was net in the case of profligate
pensions and sinecures the money alone taken out of the peo-
ple's purse was to be considered, but the demoralization of
the public mind. It was not the one who received the ill-
gotten income, but the dozens who were in expectation.
And thus it was that every link in the chain of slavery was
rivetted more strong, aed the people were kept poor and
helpless by means of their own money.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr, Hume then went through the various departments of
