TIIE FANCY.

YOUNG DUTCH 5.4.51;;77815U01"
fight takes place on Tuesday next, for 1001. a side. Sam
is in excellent condition, and speaks confidently of success,
notwithstanding the well-established fame of the " Bold
Smuggler."
JEST BURN AND Nan NEAL.-Jem has arrived in town
from his trip to Bristol, and goes into immediate training
at Mr. Sherley's, the New Inn, Staines, preparatory to
his fight with Ned Neal, on the 16th of next month.
Neal is the favourite at 2 and 3 to 1, but he must not
make too sure, as Jew intends to be in tip-top condition.
REUBEN MARTEN AND YOUNG GAS.—The stakes for
this fight will be paid over to the winner this evening, at
the Castle Tavern, Holborn. .

JENNINGS AND GATNOE.—This evening is appointed
for making the match between these men, at the Castle
Tavern, Holborn—Gaynor fighting 601. to 501.
JACKSON AND THE WELCH RUNNER.—It is expected
that the match between these men, in which Jackson
agrees to hop twenty hops for 5001. a side, will be made
this evening at Tom Belcher's, so that there will be "lots"
of amusement for the Fancy.

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.—Lord Churchill,
from Sussex; Mr. Stevenson, in Margaret-street, Caven-
dish-square, from Harrowgate; Sir John Wells, Bart. at
Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-street, from his seat in Sus-
sex ; Sir N. Ogilvie, at ditto, from a tour ; J. Franklin,
Esq. at ditto, from a tour ; C. B. Johnson, Esq. at the
Royal Hotel, St. James's-street, from his seat in Wales;
the Hon. T. Fiennes, at ditto, from his seat, Belvedere,
Kent; James Page, Esq. at ditto, from Belvedere;
Richard Ray, Esti. at Ellis's Hotel, St. James's-street,
from America ; John Ramebottom, Esq. M.P. at the Bur-
lington Hotel, Old Burlington and Cork-streets, from
Windsor ; John Sparkes, Esq. at ditto, from Brighton ; .
J. Ball, Esq. at ditto, from a tour ; the Rev. Mr. Boyle,
and the Rev. Mr. Palmer, at Fladong's Hotel, Oxford-
street, from a tour ; J. Gibbon, at the Brunswick Hotel,
Jermyn-street, from Staffordshire.
CHANGES.,—EarI Cowper, for his seat, Pan-
banger, Herts ; Lord Molyneux, at Croxteth Hall, near
Liverpool, from a tour; the Marquis of Queensberry, from
the Royal Hotel, for his seat at Twickenham; Mr. and
Mrs. W. F. N. Norton, from Buxton, to Sir William
Ingleby's, Batt. Ripley Hall, near Harrowgate ; J. Bat-
teraby, Esq. from the Royal Hotel, to Bath; Sir George
Wombwell, Bart. for Brighton ; Sir Henry and Lady
Halford, from their house in Curzon-street, to their seat,
Weston Hall, Leicestershire ; Mr. and Mrs.
,Vigors Har-
vey, from their seat, Park-place, near Windsor, to Chelten-
ham ; Robert Conyingham, Esq. and Miss Conyingham,
from the London Hotel, Albemarle‘street, to Brighton; H.
French, Esq.' from the Burlington Hotel, to Southampton ;
A. H. Whitmore, Esq. from Jordan's Hotel, St. James's-
street, for Cambridge; L. Whitmore, Esq. from ditto, for
Gloucestershire ; the Rev. Coventry Payne, Mrs. Payne,
and family, from Fladong's Hotel, to Essex ; the Rev. T.
and Mrs. Harrison, from ditto, on a tour; Hercules
Sharpe, Esq. from ditto, to Hastings.
ARRIVALS AT BATH.—EarI of Cork, Vis-
count Dungarvon, Lord John Thynne, Sir G. Bampfylde,
Sir Walter Stirling, Admiral Sir William Hargood, Sir
Edward and Lady Berry, Dowager Lady Lethbridge, Lady
Tuite ; Colonels and Mrs. Franklin,- Doherty, Smelt;
Major Pastone; Captain and Miss Fookes ; Captains and
Mrs. Rose, Margoty ; Captains Coffin, Brown ; Rev.
Messrs. Stevenson, Cassan, Ettrick, Pottinger, Pinch,
Fletcher, Wilkinson, Money, Trollope, Matthews;. Mr. and
Mrs. Pennall, Bury, Denby, Martineau, Armitage, Gros-
venor, Goodwin, Mogcr, Wiggan, Laye, Reeves, Vowles,
Clayton, Adams, Matrony ; Messrs. St. Albyn, Maple-
tuft, Combe, James, Green, Palmer, Bovell, Owen, Taun-
ton, Hodgkinson, Tothill, Robinson, Park, Portway,
Knighton, Walton, Ashton, Cawton, White, Weston, Mar-
tin, Whitaker, Fitzgerald, Tomlins, Jordan, Borlase,Coner,
Townes, Greenhill, Palmer, Lancaster, Wilkins, Barlow,
Constable, Dawson, Morgan, Weeks, Large, Brooking,
Sutton, Rennals, Clayton, Moore, Murray, Conan, Morris,
Dawson, Martin, Tudway, Dashwood, Daubeny, Preston ;
Mistresses Bland and family, Bell, Dashwood, Eyre, Fane,
Furaden, Granger, Hyde, Bridges, Hutchinson, ilarrison,
Livie, Mills, Williams, Worthington, Morrish, Adams,
Brooking, Vowles, Scrope ; Misses Livie, Charles, Adams,
Cotton, Doherty, Wilkinson, Worthington, Plowes, Hinck-
man, Wilkins, Watkins, Whittaker, &c. &c. _

ARRIVALS AT CHELTENHAM.—EarI Beau-
champ, Viscountess Duncan, Hon. Henry Marray, Hon.
Miss De Roos, Mr. and the Hon. Mrs. Wallace Grieve,
Lady Maria Anstrutber, Sir Simeon Stewart, Sir G. Sit-
well, Sir C. W. Burdett, Sir Joseph and Lady Littledale,
Admiral and Mrs. Douglas, General and Mrs. Dyce, Colo-
nel Stretton, Colonel Andrews, Colonel Williamson, Colo-
nel Macdonald, Colonel St. Clair, Colonel Tovey, Colonel
Curtis, Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, Lieutenant-Colonel
Macdougall, Lieutenant-Colonel Hay, Lieutenant-Colonel
Stratton, Major Broughton, Major Robinson, Major
Knight, Major and Mrs. Stephenson, Doctor Shoolbred,
Rev. William Everitt, Rev. Mr. Commeline, Rev. H.
Mair, Captain Miles, Captain Reece, Captain Flint, Cap-
tain Breese, Captain Fitton, Captain and Mrs. Hawker,
Captain Coney, Captain Best, R.N., Captain and Mrs.
Mulles, Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong, Blaydes, Elphinstone,
Jones, Cole, Tugwcll, Lawton, Ledsam, Lewis, Lee, Pil-
grim and family, Messrs. H. De Lawson, Parker, Butes,
Armstrong, Purves, Simpson, W. Scott, Macdonald,
Frampton, Macleod, Blades, S. Lediard, Macewan, C. F.
ThompSon, W. Dysart, Wemyss, Murray, W. Webb,
Moon, Tollner, Hobson, G. Hammersley, Hamilton, G. F.
Young, A. Campbell, Richardson, Burowes, Ashman, P.
Doync, Brenan, J. S. Adams, A. Lewes, Stawell, W. C.
Jones, H. Moresby, A. Page, Newnham, Nisbet, Mills,
Greenaway, Fitzgerald, J. C. Irvine, G. Travers, two
Shewells, P. Bedwell, Warren, Stephenson, J. B. Brown,
Hodgkinson, W. Phillips, Lampet, Casey, Hughes, Peeks,
Ramsay, Hunt, Davis, Harward, Merriman, Coin, Bunell,
Modden, Watson, Mistresses Stoughton, Wintle, Hancock,
Chambers, Plumpier, Billamore, Colonel Munro, Erskine,
W. Webb, Bird, Wood, Misses A. S. Woodward, M. A.
Browne, King, Watson. Hunt, Milligan, Arundell, Hill-
man, Hawker, Bradshaw, &c. &c.

ARRIVALS AT TUNBRIDGEW ELLS.—Lieut.-
Colonel Keyt, Sussex Hotel ; Mr. East, Douro House ;
Mrs. General Grosvenor, Cumberland Villa; Mr. Hod-
dington and family, Dudley House ; Mr. T. H. Gould, 6,
Mount Pleasant-terrace; Mr. E. Coxe, Stone's-cottage;
Sir William Franklyn, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Aislabie, Miss
Rogers, Mr. Holland and family, &c.
DEPARTURES.--00101181 Fane, for Epsom ;
Mrs. Cussans, the Hon. Mrs. Middleton, Mr. R. Lascelles,
the Hon. F. Noel, Mrs. Pollard, and Mr. Marshall, M.P.
for Brighton ; Mrs. Sober and family, and Lieatenant-
Colonel Thompson, for London; Captain Young, R.N.
for Deptford.
ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES EROMWAL-
IOM'S ROYAL HOTEL, GLASGOW.--The Right Hon. Lord
Binning ; the Right Hon. Sir John and Lady Sinclair and
family; the Solicitor-General•; Johnston, Esq. of Alva;
Thornton, Esq. of Cambridge; Mr. and Mrs. IlPArthy
and family, of Dublin ; Mr. and Mrs. Borthwick, of
Edinburgh ; 1111.. and Mrs. Budges, of Edinburgh ;
Smith, Esq. Isle of Wight; Colonel and Mrs. Tafia ; Cap- ,
tain and Mrs. Arthur Caldwell; Mr. and Miss Poulter,
Loudon.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLICIOURNALS.

We insert an article from the Oriental Spec-
tator, entitled a " Letter from Smyrna" of the
25th of August. Whether written, or only
transcribed at Smyrna, or sent from sonic high
quarter to the Oriental Spectator, to he made
public through its columns, the letter is a curious
one ; nor do we entirely disagree with those who
pretend to discover in it something not altogether
downright. In speaking of thse treaty, hearing
date the 6th of July, it would have been natural,
one might imagine, for an honest 'commentator
to take the whole of its contents and incidents, as
a clue to the intentions of the. parties who signed
it : but this is quite opposite to the present pro-
ceeding, which goes to establish as the only fair
reading of the treaty, that its " predominant pur-
pose, and real object," was the protection of
commerce. The letter, or article, then expatiates
at much length on the nature of the risks to
which commerce was exposed, all arising from
the extent and activity of the piracy carried on
under the Greek flag, and predicts that the com-
merce of the Levant will be much cheered by the
assurance held out under this treaty, that 44 one
of the first and most serious occupations of the
forces destined for the pacification of Greece,
will be the extirpation of piracy." Now we
must beg leave to remark, that if the only or
chief desideratum of the Allies had been to put
dawn piracy, with no further object, a formal
treaty was absolutely superfluous. The English
squadrons, and French squadrons, in the Levant,
had, years ago, received positive orders to pursue
and punish pirates wherever they could find
them ; and this, by virtue of the separate rights
of sovereignty appertaining to these great Powers,
and under the sanction of the unzversal:law, of
nations navigating the seas. If the squadrons
thus instructed according to law were found to be
of force insufficient for the purpose, their respec-
tive Governments could, without resorting to
the troublesome and ' embarrassing machinery
of a treaty, have sent, them the requisite re-
inforcements. Again, if the " pacification
"hadbeeinnstorifirnie'on t
at further
in be import-
ance
to the allied ,Governments than as it
mofigGhtreelscee
rendered
sup-
pression of piracy, it is obviOus that the
shortest and easiest way of pacifying Greece
would have been, instead of offering to mediate
between her and Turkey, a direct coalition. with
Turkey for the re-subjugation of Greece. It is
true that the suppression of piracy has been one
serious object 'with the Allied Powers ; likewise
that the pacification of Greece, ha: been a be-
ilea very anxiously desired ; but it is not true
that the pacification of . Greece, on any terms,
was their wish, nor that it was so on views which
regarded commerce exclusively. Had either of
the suppositions contained in the article been well
founded, France and England might not only
have acted, each with. their separate means for
such a purpose, but .conjointly they
_need not
have found themselves interested in procuring
the accession olitussia to their enterprise. No ;
the prompter, or employer of the Sinyma corres-
pondent, is neither deceived hiMself as to the
policy of the Allied Powers, nor can lie succeed
in passing such silly delusions upon the minds
of others. The allies wish to put down piracy
—they wish to stop the effusion of blood—they
are eager to check the devastations and miseries
to which the inhabitants of the Mores, of Attica,
and of some of the Islands, have been subjected ;
but their policy is to attain these ends, by esta-
blishing the independence of the Greek nation
upon Turkey ; that is the expedient through
which they have chosen to effectuate the security.
of commerce, the tranquillity of the Levant, and
the ultimate: good of its inhabitants, So long
as the Greeks shall continue to be trampled on
by the infidels; to be kicked and crushed into
the cultivation of fraud, as their natural screen
from contemptuous and brutal violence ; they
never can respect the rights or property of others,
because they will have no recognised rights or
possessions of their own. To leave men in a
condition of abject slavery, is to rivet upon them
the collateral chains of gross corruption and de-
pravity. The bondsman can incur no obligation
—can act upon no moral principle,—can keep no
plighted faith,—that is, he never can be honest.
We find that great pains arc taken in the letter,
to represent the . whole population of Greece as
engaged in the pursuits of piracy, and the afflu-
ent individuals of the nation as having enriched
themselves by it alone. If thea intent of such a
calumny be to prove.the people unworthy of pro-
tection or redemption, and therefore fit subjects
to be abandoned everlastingly to the Turks, the
writer, whether a resident of Smyrna or. Vienna,
will we hope be disappointed of his lircject.—
Times. .

We are glad to see the commencement of a
better spirit in the Surrey Magistracy, with re-
spect to the amusements of the people. Yes-
terday was licensing day, and our readers are
aware that the licensing of Vauxhall Gardens
has always experienced strenuous opposition
from two descriptions of Magistrates—one the
fanatical, but well-meaning, who deem them-
selves bound to protect the people, in spite of
themselves, from all recreations, under the idea
'that whatever recreates is sinful, and. tempts to
improper indulgences ; the other the canting
itshoasdamiirtaiobllzytteprsouortfraypeodpulbayr thapa.,
worldlings, who imagine that the self-deniai
which is imposed on others will be receivedb,
ethmeinweloitrlDd
ivaisnea,
pp:7:
Campbell
ptbheelilr:_ow,n, voirtneueoitf.l
that they will be rewarded accordingly.
first engines that il commonly and successfullyThi
cselatsast owformkebny
plause, is to be very liberal in praising gent-
selves. The multitude is everywhere credulous,
they rarely fail to be the. dupes of the most
shameless pretenders ; they seem to proceed
.on
a very simple, and one would think a very ho"
I nest principle, that nobody should know a per-
son's character so well as he does himself, and
that therefore what they
have from his own
mouth, on this topic, they have from the best
authority imaginable ;
hence the success of
quacks and mountebanks of every denomination.
Would you then be blindly followed and ad-
mired by the crowd, make loud pretensions to
an uncommon pitch of purity and zeal ; a3sur,
them boldly, that your indignation is moved in
a by comparison
epi-
thets.;
with. the highest degree at the prevailing evils, which
others seem to be totally unaffected with, and
unconcerned about. They • will swallow with
greediness every word you utter
Every
be not, therefore, sparing ; rather be profuse in
the language can furnish you
bestowing
jnuddged most ef
opprobrious
This
you will find another excellent expedient of self-
praise. They will give you full credit
that
you
•
must be perfectly free from faults 'which you ex-
claim against in others." This
year the opposi-
tion seems to have been much more faint than
usual. There were two grounds on which it
rested last year tk
e complaints of the neigh-'
bouts, on account f
0 the disturbances. ma-

sioned by the lateness of the hour to which
the amusements extended, and particularly at
which the fire-works terminated ; and the dan-
ger to the public morals from the exhibition of
-dancing, &c. With respect to neighbours, it
may in general be-laid down, that they have a
right to protection from the encroachment of
others on their hours of rest. In civilized so-
ciety we must,compromise matters the best way
we can, and so conduct our business and plea-
sure as to render them compatible with the bu-
siness and pleasure of others. Hence the pro-
priety of enforcing quietness in the streets at
night, 'and of either shutting up public houses
generally at certain hours, or placing those
which are kept open under such a surveillance
as shall prevent their becoming a nuisance to the
neighbourhood. With respect, however, to nui-
sances in general, there is one remark applicable,
namely, that there is a wide distinction between
establishing a new nuisance in an old neighbour-
hood, and a new neighbourhood forming itself
round an old nuisance. Now, in the case of
Vauxhall, it is, we believe, pretty well known,
that the Gardens formed the neighbourhood,
and that most, if not all of the present occupiers,
have settled there with the knowledge of the ex-
istence of the amusements. The proprietors,
however, have acted with great good sense ; for
they have gained over their neighbours, and
thereby deprived the oppositioa of this ground.
No doubt, as was observed by Baron de Tes-
sier, the law is open to parties who may con-
ceive themselves aggrieved by the manner in
which the proprietors act under their license. So
much for the opposition by interested parties.
But the iVlagistrates are also guardians of the
public morals. a Mr. Briscoe thought it was
the duty of the Magistracy to protect the morals
of the people." We admit' the Legislature has
invested them with ample discretionary powers,
to protect all of us from going astray. We do
not know that any Magistrate ever yet protected
one single man from going to the Devil who was
determined to go ; for when a man is determined
to ruin himself, when he is tired of good mo-
rals, it would be very odd indeed if he could not
find means to ruin himself any hour of the day
or night, especially in this great metropolis and
its neighbourhood. . Woe to the people, if they
were solely dependent for their virtue and good
morals on the protecting care of Magistrates !
But if Magistrates make very bad substitutes
for guardian angeß, and can employ their
protecting powers to very little purpose for
the benefit of the people, they can, on the
other hand, employ them to admirable ad-
vantage for their own benefit. The morals
of (the people are a fine pastime for them.
The licensing power is' confided to them as
_guardians of the public morals ! And, to im-
prave• the public morals, they provide flash
houses for the public, and deliver them over to
monopolising brewers, who poison them with
-drugged and dear beer. But then the brewer is
their relation, or their very good friend, and he
employs them to make hods for him, and he
treats them to rich dinners, at which, over the
sparkling Champaigne, and delicious wines of
Burgundy and Bordeaux, it would be ungrateful
to bestow a moment on the wretched swipes to
which they condemn the labouring man. What
a fine groupe have we in these rubicund pro-
tectors of the morals of the people, sharing in
this kindly manner the rich revenue drawn by
the skill of the brewer and the distiller from the
industry of the pickpocket and the burglar, in
the hospitable asylums of Kent-street ! With all
deference to. Mr. Briscoe's good intentions, we
apprehend that those who cannot protect them-
selves run small chance of being much benefitted
by the 'protection of magistrates. If people have
the disFosition to transgress, they will contrive
to go astray without the help of Vauxhall, or
theatres, or dancing, or bear-baitings, or boxing
exhibitions. The avenues through which tempta-
tions to sin find their way to frail mortals are in-
numerable. Magistrates ought not to repress
every amusement and relaxation of the people
because individuals may exceed the bounds of
moderation. This principle would go to strip
man altogether of free agency, for what is not
liable to abuse ? The care of the Magistrate
ought to be confined to the protection of indivi-
duals from the encroachments of each other. As
in trade it is found that it is best that indivi-
duals should be left to pursue their own advan-
tage the best way they can, and that those pater-
nal Governments which, under the pretext of
preserving their subjects from dangerous pursuits
and speculations, succeed only in preventing
evil by preventing all good; so in the conduct of
life it is best to leave individuals, in all that re-
lates merely to themselves, to take the course
which seems best in their own eyes. If educa-
tion and public instruction, the advice of rela-
tions, the dread of public opinion, &c. &c. do
not shed their benign influence over individuals,
the restraints of a protecting Magistrate assuredly
will not. When we advocate this liberty, we do
not mean to say that Magistrates ought to suffer
the feelings of the community to be shocked by
any violation of decency. But there is a wide
difference between this and that inquisitorial
spirit which we are reprobating.—Morning
chronicle. •

If we did not know that there are secrets in
all trades, we should feel more surprise than we
really do, that the maltsters themselves, at their
late meeting, did not advocate more strenuously
a simpler. mode of taking the. duty upon malt
than any which has ever yet been practised. It
is true, that,atpresent they have new and specific
grievances to complain of, which they are right
in making their more, immediate object ; but
still, it is when the cord is strained too tight
that the opportunity offers of loosening it, and
perhaps of untying it altogether, unless, as may
be the case, it may suit the trade itself not to be
quite so free as we would make it. We have
as yet seen no valid objection offered to the pro-
position we made some time since, of the duty
being fixed upon the quantity of the raw mate-
rial, the barley, or, at any rate, upon the malt
when completely mitnufactured, without any of
those intermediate vexatious visitings from the
Excise officer which it now undergoes, and who,
with sundry bulky and unintelligible Acts of
Parliament in his hands, takes his very trade out
of those of the manufacturers. We can see no
reason why barley should not be treated as silk,
cotton, or any other raw material, which is not
decidedly in favour of the former. Above all,
thv very little change which the article under-
rev, both in form and appearance, is a satis-
factory proof to our minds, that instead of the
intricate details which the exciseman now goes
through with it, nothing would be easier or
simpler than to regulate the duty by the quan-
tity of the • raw material received, checked, if it
nufactured article necessary, by the quantity of the ma-
produced though we should
prefer the first only,. without
second step. That this would any refrence to this
dlie
cesdiugl tu.4 probablyantore just pro-
a more fruitful one to the

i Revenue, than the system of teazing nspecti n
and control which the whole process now and -
goes, is manifest, from what passed at t e
late meeting, where it was stated, that in dif-
ferent paits of the kingdom different modes of
manufacturing malt exist, varying the increase of
bulk produced in every one, and in some to a
very material extent. It is this increase in bulk
which alone can make it necessary for the Excise
to pursue the article through every stage of its ma.
nufacturing ; but if, after all, the result is only
to produce a different scale of taxation in dif-
ferent places, that alone, we should think, is rea-
son enough why such a method should exist no
longer. We say then, let the Excise ascertain,
upon an average of seasons and of counties, what
is the usual increase upon the bushel of barley
when converted into malt ; and let that be the
duty in future upon every bushel of barley or
other corn received by a maltster ; let him be
compelled to enter this, as he now is, in a book,
under very heavy penalties for omission. Let
the Excise officer still have the power of enter-
' ing the premises, and checking the quantity of
malt manufactured, by the amount of barley re-
ceived ; but let the wettings, the sprinklings, the
couchings, the dryings, &c., be no longer under
his controul, but the manufacturer left to treat
the commodity just as he pleases. This, as far
as it can be done, it is desirable should be the
case in all trades ; and we feel firmly persuaded,
for the reasons we have given, that in this trade
it might be resorted to with every prospect of
advantage. By getting rid of a harassing and
vexatious system, persons of respectability and
capital would more readily enibark in it; and the
Revenue itself would be increased ; for it is an
undoubted fact, that with all the teazing circum-
spection which the law has introducted into the
subject, the complexity it has caused produces,
as it always will, more means of fraud and of
evasion than it has prevented, or ever will pre-
vent,—[ Since writing the above we have re-
ceived the account of the meeting which took
place yesterday between the Deputation of Malt-
sters and Lord Goderich, which we give in
another part of our paper of this day.]—Moln-
ing Herald.
- - •

It is always difficult for parties whose interests
have come into collision to preserve the temper
best calculated to produCe that modification of
their respective pretensions, which is generally
found to be the best mole of settling their dif-
ferences.. In private, as in national quarrels,
guerre a outrance.always ends in leaving both
the Belligerents a worse situation than they
were at the.outset of the contest. We are led to
make this reflection by the acrimony which has
infused itself into the contest between the
Country Bankers and the Bank of England,
and, in particular, by the illiberal reflections
thrown upon that body by the opponents of the
Branch Banks. It ought to be borne in mind, in
the first place, that the suggestion of those esta-
blishments did not originate with the Bank of
England. The Directors, in adopting that sug-
gestion, have rather followed than • attempted to
lead public opinions strongly pronounced at the
moment of the crisis of 1825 and 1826, in
favour of that measure ; and it is therefore fair to
conclude, have been influenced on the occasion,
by motives rather of public utility than of indi-
vidual or corporate advantage, though they had
a perfect right to consult the latter only—to
leave out every other consideration, save the
interest of their proprietary. On the other hand,
it must be acknowledged that the call for those
Branch Banks has in a great measure subsided
with the panic in which it originated ; that it iS
a great hardship on good bankers, to lose their
occupation—the business which they haVe con-
ducted prudently, honourably, and with great
benefit to the districts in which they are esta-
blished, because sonic of their number have acted
upon opposite principles. If, of 1,200 Country
Banks, 70 failed, did not London Banks fail
in about the same numerical proportion, and
to a far greater amount ? Did not commer-
cial houses succumb under the pressure of the
times, whose engagements were equal to those
of all the Country Banks which failed put toge-
ther ? Upon what principle, then, can it be
considered necessary to exercise measures of con-
troul or counteraction over Couiiiry Bankers ex-
clusively ? Admitting, therefore, the right of
the Bank of England to ramify its establishment
at pleasure, we think the expediency of its exer-
cising that right may, in the present state of
things, be fairly questioned. The Branch Banks
ought not to be forced upon places where the
Private Banks have shown themselves fully com-
petent to the delicate task of nourishing, without
over-feeding, the local circulation, and the com-
mercial interests of which have deprecated their
operations being cramped or controuled. At
all events, in point of equity, the competition,
as we observed yesterday, ought to be on equal
terms. Either the paper of the Country Banks
ought to be exempted from the Stamp Duty, or
the Branch Banks' paper subjected to it. As
we set out with recommending conciliation, we
shall conclude these short observations with the
recommendation of a measure of conciliatory
tendency ; namely, that the notes of Country
Banks be made payable in notes of the Bank of
England. The reserves of the Country Banks
being thus held in that paper, instead of gold,
would be a source of profit to the Bank of Eng-
land—a boon for its relinquishment, or its li-
mited exercise, of its undoubted prerogative—
and a public saving of specie to a large amount ;
it would require the same means on the part of
the Country Banks, and the payment of the
notes of these in paper of the Bank of England
would be deemed as full security by the public,
as if it were stipulated to be made in specie.—
New Times.

A discussion, maintained on both sides with
more zeal and perseverance than discretion or
ability, has for some time been going on between
the Itfoniteur and certain English Journals, as
to the manner ar►d degree in which the right or
the duty of the French Government to continue
its military occupation of Spain is affected by the
Apostolical Rebellion in that country ; by the
neutrality exhibited during the progress of that
contest on the part of the French troops ; and
by the presence of a British army in the neigh-
bouring kingdom of Portugal, The controversy
to which these events and circumstances have
given rise, has experienced the common lot of
such disputations—that of general disregard ;
and has tended only to produce their common
result, that of perplexing and obscuring the sub-
ject they profess to illustrate. The invasion of
Spain was originally an act of flagrant oppression
and injustice, as well as of miserable impolicy.
Events have occurred to render its impolicy
clearer than it was at first. No events have
occurred, or could indeed occur, to render its
character more conspicuous or disgusting, as an
Outrage upon public law and national independ-
ence. The plea upon which it was defended,
that of the dread of democratical revolution, of
which Spain had furnished an example, and

the necessity of repressing the moral conta-
gion , of that example as a measure of self-
defence, was .both inadequate and misaii-
plied ;—it was emphatically the tyrant's plea.
But the neutrality of the French forces in a sut-
sequent insurrection of a part of the people of
Spain ; an insurrection instigated and conduct4d
by slavish assertors of regal despotism and fana-
tical zealots on behalf of the authority and pri-
vileges of the Romish Church, so far from benig
inconsistent with the principles which were sup-
posed to justify their original occupation of that
country, was imperiously imposed upon theM
by those very principles. From the triumph Of
such champions, and the moral contagion it
would be calculated to engender and diffuse, the
Government of France should not now affect to
entertain any apprehensions for, its own safety,
without incurring'the just ridicule of all mankind
as a power perpetually driven to and fro by new
and contradictory reasons of alarm. Having
entered Spain for the purpose of waging war
against the visionaries of the Cortes, and their
principles and adherents, France could not re-
main .there to battle in turn against the bigots of
the cloister and their adherents and principles,
and urge in 'both cases the justification of. self-
defence, without proclaiming in effect, that the
safety of France, in the estimation of its Go-
vernment, required the subjugation or extinction
of the whole Spanish people ; since there are in
Spain neither people nor principles but what are
comprehended under one or the other of the above
descriptions. Then why, it is said, since the original
pretext for the invasion is abolished, or proved ra-
ther never to have had existence; why net now with-
draw the French troops from the Peninsula, and
leave the domestic parties of Spain to settle their
differences as they may.? TIEs question is in-
cessantly repeated ; but it is one, nevertheless,
which the Jurists of France can be at no loss to
answer. _Whatever may have been the merits or
demerits of the original invasion, it cannot be
denied that•the occupation is now continued in
circumstances which remove or weaken the prin-
cipal objections, 'and supply new motives and
apologies for the direct interference of France in
the affairs of Spain. That interference is now
not.merely tolerated, but approved and solicited
by the Government de facto, and the political
principles on behalf of which it was at first
exercised, are abundantly proved to be con-
genial with those of the majority or the
Spanish nation. If the occupation is shown
therefore to be no longer necessary for France,
it is shown by the,same means to be no longer
unjust towards Spain. It has ceased to be an
occupation hostile eit'her to the Government or
people of the latter country. 4lt is thus that the
objections are shown to be lightened ; nor is it
more difficult to show that new and stronger and
more legitithate motives exist at this moment for
the continuance of the French forces in the
Peninsula, than any of those which were alleged
as the apologies for the original invasion. Eng-.
land has now a military force in" the Peninsula,,
sent there it is true upon principles.very different
from those of France ; sent upon the express
demand of the Portuguese Government ; sent
in obedience to the letter of well known and
unequivocal treaties ; sent to support the exist-
ing institutions , of. the country, menaced by,
and actually suffering under foreign aggression.
But circumstances here
,again have too sensibly
altered the character of the foreign occupation.
And the alterations in this instance are as un-
favourable to its continuance, as they are propi-
tious in the other. The existence of the cases
ftederis depended upon the danger which threat-
ened the Government of Portugal from the hos-
tile aggression of Spain. Does that danger coh-
tinuc ? Has Portugal now any thing to fear from
Ferdinand or his .Camarilla ? Have not, in fact,
all the objects of aggression been attained by
means exclusively Portuguese, and under the
passive inspection of British troops ? Can
the existing Government of Portugal fear any
danger against which it is likely to invoke the
protection of its ally, Great Britain ? Is.there
not abundant proof that the Portuguese na-
tion are generally hostile to the constitution of
which Spain sought needlessly, as it now ap-
pears, the overthrow, and of which England use-
lessly attempted the defence ? The answer to
these inquiries must be such as to show that
France has an important question to settle with
England before she can be reasonably required
to relinquish the possession of Spain. The
question is no less than this :—Who is to relin-
quish first—the Power which holds with the
concurrence and approbation of Government and
people, or that which can no longer be supposed
to have any view in common with either ?
France and England acted in two very opposite
characters, when they respectively sent a military
force to occupy each a different portion of the
Peninsula ; the former forced her way into Spain
as a hostile intruder, the latter was invited
to Portugal as a friend and ally. Events have
accomplished an entire exchange of character be-
tween them ; so that while we may justly extol
the superior good faith and probity of the British
Government, we cannot but acknowledge the
superior penetration and foresight of the French.
Nor will France easily forego any of the advan-
tages which the 'exercise of these qualities may
have procured.her. Treating upon the basis of
the status
in
status quo, she will be justified, we lament to
say, in claiming for herself the character of an
Spain, and affixing to her rival the less
favourable character of an intruder in Portugal.
—Morning POst. • •

The present state of Constantinople has been
ably predicted in the following well-known school-boy
liees
CONTURBABANTUR CONSTANTINOPOLITANI
INNUMERABILIBUS SOLICITUDINIBUS.

On Wednesday mornin last, a report was
generally circulated that William Jones, a youth about 18,
g
and eon of Widow Jones, a carrier between this town and
Stafford, had been robbed and murdered the preceding.
evening on his road to Great Barr. The statement hap-
pily proved incorrect, the means employed to terminate
his existence having been made use of by the lad himself.
The deceased was on his return to Stafford, which place
be had left on the preceding morning. A Coroner's Jury
assembled on view of the body on Friday, when it ap-
peared that the horse drew the cart up to the Gough's
Arms, at Barr, one of the usual houses of call, at about
half-past six in the evening, and on the ostler proceeding
to ascertain to whom it belonged, he found the deceased
suspended from the cart quite dead. His feet were hang-
ing about two feet from the ground, between the front of
the cart and the horse ; his arms were through two nooses,
which appeared in the cord, a little above the elbows, but
not so confined by the rope as to prevent him from raising
his hands 'to his head, so long as he remained upon or
within the cart, but the moment he slipped off he must
necessarily have been deprived of all power to recover him-
self. All the articles of which he had the charge were
found to be perfectly safe, including a sum of money
amounting to 221. 69., which he bad locked up in the cart.
He was seen by one of the witnesses driving on the turn-
pike-road within the distance of half a mile of Great Barr.
Two or three others deposed to his having been unwell and
low in spirits some time previously, and to his complain-
ing of a violent pain in his head ever since; nothing par-
ticular was, however, observed in his conduct on the day
of his death. The Jury returned their verdict " That the
deceased had hung himself in a temporary fit of insanity."
...Birmingham Gazette,

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
HATTON-GARDEN.—Jonathan Collins was su
mooed before Mr. Rocaßs by the parish of St. Andr,w,
Holborn, to show cause why he should not abate a nuis-
ance—to wit, a slaughtering-house in French horn-yard,
nearly opposite the George and Blue Boar in Holborn.
The defendant pleaded not guilty.
• , Mr. Pew, the clerk to the Committee, stated, that the
information,in the present case was laid against Mr. Col-
lins, in consequence of a complaint made by several inha-
bitants to the Pavement Committee.

Mr. Harmer, for the defendant, admitted the service.of
the summons, and said the question to be decided between
them was; whether or not French-horn-Yard was a public
place.
Mr. Collins said the ot4ectiost to the slaughtering-honie,
on the part of some of the inhabitants, was that his boys
brought the sheep and lambs on their backs from the yard
to his house, and they disapproved of having the blood
streaming from the heads of the carcases.
Mr. Pew was anxious to read the resolutions of the
Committee, but Mr. Harmer admitted the minutes, and
requested Mr. Pew to call his witnesses.
John Hazlehurst said he had been a collector of rates for
18 years, and Mr. Collins paid part of the rates of French-
horn-yard, and Mr. Verge, the landlord of the premises,
paid another part. He always considered the yard a
public place.
Mr. Verge, a builder, residing in Upper King-street,
Bkiomsbury, the landlord of the premises, said lie did not
consider the yard a public place there were gates at both
ends, and it was not a thoroughfare. No person goes
through without leave. The parish neither paved, lighted
nor watched it.

Cross-examined by Mr. Pew—The gates were put up
in March, 1826, at the desire of the parish of St. Cle-
ment's Danes, it being then the resort of thieves. •
Mr. J. Baker, an inhabitant; living close to 'the yard,
could not say whether latterly the yard was a ptiLlic place.
He was an old inhabitant, and did not know whether it
Was paved or lighted by the parish. .I.le believed the
watchman went regularly into the yard in taking his
rounds. There was a house in it of.no great character.
William Hunt has a cart in the yard, and for the last
twelVe months did not hear or see the watchmen in it. The
gate in Holborn is never shut..

Waren, the street-keeper, said the yard was open all
night.
Hunt—The gate was not closed at night he admitted,
but no person was allowed to go through, as the gate at
the other end was always closed.
By Mr. Roams-If any person had occasion to see Mr.
Verge, he might drive into the yard for that purpose.
Mr. ROGERS decided that this, in his opinion, constituted
a public place, and made the defendant subject to the
penalty of 101.
Mr. Harmer submitted that the inference was not borne
out by the evidence. His stable-yard, which was private
property, might as w9ll be considered a public place. His
office in Hatton-garden was open to the public, and yet he
at least considered it private property.
Mr. ROGERS said Mr. Harmer always closed his office at
night.

Mr.
tHarmeren
e a
have y
erdym admitted it,
hd
tFrench-Corn-yard
di fwhaes
neitherse d,
paved, lighted, nor watched by the parish, and yet the
parish sought to make it a public way.
Mr. ROGERS, Was still of opinion that the yard was a
public place. .
Mr. Harmer said he could not help saying that he con-
sidered the decision to be against evidence, and he should
advise his client to appeal against it to the Quarter Sessions.
Mr. Pew said Mr. Collins or Mr. Verge ought to shut
the gate. for there was an improper house in the yard.
Mr. Verge said, if there was such a house there, neither
Mr. Pew nor the parish were.deing their duty by not in-
dicting it for a nuisance.
Mr. Pew said he made no insinuation against Mr. Verge ;
he only wanted to show that the yard was:open at all times.
Mr. . Harmer said, if Mr. Pew made no insinuation against
Mr. Verge, he certainly made a direct charge.
Mr. ROGBRS told Mr. Baker that the watchman ought
to be obliged to go into the yard to call the hour in the
usual way.
Mr. Harmer then gave notice of appeal, and the parties
left the office.

The parish of Clerkenwell having, at the last Sessions,
indicted nine improper houses in Charlotte-street, Sadler's
Wells, as nuisances, Bench warrants were issued against
the persons living in those houses, and the greater number
of theth have been apprehended, -at the instance of Mr.
Scott, and brought to this office to put in bail to answer
the several charges at the next Quarter Sessions. Bail was
procured in almost'every instance, and the. women were dis-
charged.
Richard Hawse, an out-pensioner of Greenwich, - pre-
ferred a complaint against Mr. Wilkes, the vestry clerk of
St. Sepulchre's parish, for detaining a shilling out of his
weekly allowance 'under the following circumstances
Hawse is allowed four' shillings and eight-pence a week by
the parish, and the overseers receive the pension quarterly
in lieu of it. Tito parish supply their paupers with shoes,
and stop the price of them by weekly instalments. HaWse
got a pair of shoes about three or four weeks ago, and he
had already paid four shillings for them by weekly stop-
pages. Mr. Wilkes stepped a fifth shilling this week, to
which the old pensioner demurred, on the ground that the
shoes were not worth more than four shillings.
Mr. Wilkes said the shoes were made in the house, and
were of the best materials and workmanship, and cost
the parish no less than six shillings a pair.
The old pensioner here took the shoes off his feet, which
were bare, and they were examined by Lee, the officer;
at the desire of Mr. Sergeant Sellon. Lee said the shoes
appeared to have been worn some time, but the stitching
of the soles to the welt had somewhat given way.

Mr. Sergeant SELLON was of opinion that four shillings
was a price sufficient for the shoes.
' The old pensioner said, if he had allowed the additional
shilling, he was afraid that they would stop a shilling every
week from him, until they would-charge him ten or twelve
shillings for them.—(A laugh.)
Mr. Wilkei slid the parish only charged six shillings for
such shoes.

MARYLEBONE.—Mr. John Jelf was brought up for
final examination, on a charge of having unlawfully de-
tained a bill of exchange for 1001.—Mr. Hutchins, in ad-
dition to his former evidence, stated, that the bill would
become due on the 29th December, and there were suffi-
cient assets at Hammersley's belonging to Mr. M'Gibbon
to pay the bill.
Mr. Isaacs cross-examined Mr. Hutchins, to show that
the prisoner had paid him six sovereigns on account, when
he called upon him last Saturday; but Mr. Hutchins so-
lemnly denied having received a single shilling more than
the 101. mentioned on the former examination; nor was
the bill an accommodation-bill, having given Mr. M'Gib-
bon, who resides at 42, Somerset-street, Portman-square,
a consideration for it.
Mr. Isaacs said that Mr. M'Gibbon had no account at
present at Hannnersley's, nor had be bad any for some time.
In consequence of an intimation having, been given to
the Magistrates'that the prisoner had broken the rules of
the King's Bench, Mr. RAwmisoN declined accepting
bail for the prisoner's appearance at the Sessions, observ-
ing, that the Magistrates would not be justified in liberat-
ing him en bail, when it was openly avowed he had vio-
lated the rules ; and the prisoner was, therefore, commit-
ted to the New Prison, to take his trial for the offence
under the statute. •

QUEEN-SQUARE.--IMPORTANT INVESTIGATION
RESPECTING A CORONER'S INQUEST.—Yesterday consi-
derable interest was excited at this Office, in consequence
of an application having been made to the Magistrates by
T. Stirling, Esq., the Coroner for Middlesex, respecting
ari Inquest which he kad held last week at the Star and
Garter, Sloane-square, on the body of a woman named
Margaret Semgoy, the wife cf a private soldier in the
Coldstream Gnards.

After a long investigation at the Inquest, at which the
two principal witnesses, Samuel Elliot, a watchman in the
New Road, Chelsea, and William Allen, a serjeant of the
watch, gave evidence, there was nothing to prove that
there had been any ill-usage on the part of the husband,
but that she had been in a state of intoxication at the time,
and the Jury returned a verdict accordingly. Seen after
the Inquest Mr. Stirling received some intimation from a
person in the New Road, Chelsea, which threw a different
light on the matter, and having made inquiries, laid the
whole statement before the Magistrates, who immediately
issued a warrant against the husband of the deceased.
Soon after 12 o'clock, yesterday, Mr. Stirling attend-
ed, and John Senagoy, a private in the Coldstream Guards,
husband of the unfortunate woman, was placed at the bar,
before W. A. A. White, Esq. The watchmen, Allen and
Elliott, were also both in attendance. Mr. Stirling hand-
ed to the Magistrate the whole of the depositions, which
he carefully perused.

John Nash, of No. 1, Draycote-place, Chelsea, a private
watchman, deposed, that on Monday week last, in the
morning, about half-past twelve, he heard the watchman
Elliot, the soldier, and the deceased, in the road disputing
something about No. 9, Symond's-street. Witness got on
the top of the paling, and looked over and saw all three,—
The soldier said " these goings on will not do, and we must
part ;" the deceased replied, " we will not separate until
death." Elliott then said, " if I was to catch a man along
With my wife, I knew Jam I would ewe him," when the

soldier '4 with his fist, - and knocked the deceased down ;
could not say whether he struck her above or heloW the
ear,' as there was a bough of a tree in the way. Witness
never heard her speak afterwards; previous to the blow
being struck, she was conversing sensibly, and did not ap-
pear intoxicated. The soldier then took hold of her, and
dragged her four or five yards, where there was a door, and
a step to it, and threw her down against` t ; she never
spoke, but groaned and moaned dreadfully; the soldier
then said to Elliott, " God her, let her lay there all
night," when they went way. In about ten minutes the
deceased got up, and walked about 50 yards, and near the
Cadogan Arms, she fell -on the footpath ; witness had
changed his 'position, and could see her ; he heard her
reaching violently. A milkman happening to pass at the
time, Elliott said to him, " I have' got a woman ---
drunk here, and I do not know what to do with her."
The milkman replied by saying, " Let her lay." Allen,
the sergeant of the watch, then passed and Elliott said—
" I don't know what to do with this woman," when they
both laid hold of her, and dragged her across the road?
where they left her. About five o'clock the next morning
witness saw the deceased still lying there, and he went and
stated the case to Thomas Curley, another watchman, who,
he believed, got assistance, and conveyed her home.
Mr. Wnrrx—You say she appeared sober previous to
her receiving the blow ?--She appeared so, and very cool
and calm.

Several other witnesses having been examined nearly to
the same effect,
- - - -

John Washam, a watchman, deposed to being called on
to assist the deceased, who he found in the manner described.
She was a - heavy woman, and they carried her on their
sticks. • Elliott desired him to go and ask Allen what they
were to do with her, and he said to take her home, and
insist upon her being taken in. When they got to her
lodgings, No. 2, Chapelcourt, he cried out, " Soldier,
soldier," and the landlady answered by saving lie was not
in the house ; but, at this moment the soldier put his head
out of the window, and he desired him to come and assist
to get his.wife in. They got her into the passage, when
she was placed on the soldier's back, who carried her up
stairs.

Air. WHITE asked the prisoner if he wished to say any
thing? Prisoner—What the first witness has stated is
false.

Mr. WHITE (to Nash)—Why were you not examined
on the Inquest ? Nash—l did not know of the inquest
until after it was over. _ _

Allen and Elliott both declared he knew it before.
Mr. WHITE—The less you say, Elliott, the better. You
are not a fit man to be a watchman.

' Here a long dispute arose between Allen and Elliott,
one laying the blame upon the other.
Mr. WHITE-After all we have heard, you have taken
upon yourself to swear this unfortunate woman was in a
state of intoxication. Had you both done your duty, iu all
probability the woman's life might have been saved. I shall
take care to write immediately fo the Board at Chelsea,
that I consider both you, Elliott, and Allen, very unfit
persons to be watchmen.
Mr. WHITE then said, that he should require the evi-
dence of the landlady of the house, and also of the sur-
geon,; and Wooklberry, the officer, was ordered tO,-,apply
to the parish officers, that the body might be disinterred,
and the head examined by the surgeon.
. - .

The prisoner was then remanded until the following day.

A LADY'S EXCUSE FOR MARRYING.

In Dr. Howard's Collection of Letters of Great
Personages, there is a letter from Mary, the sister of
Anne Boleyn, to Secretary Cromwell, excusing her
marriage with Sir Wm. Stafford, which, it appears,
had offended both the King and the Queen. It is
supposed to have been written between 1533 and
1536. The Duke of Norfolk was the writer's ma-
ternal uncle, and " my Lord her brother" Lord
Rockford.

" To the ryght worshypefull, and my syngular good frynde,
Mastar Sekretory to the Kyngs Hynes thys he, S.S.
" Master Sekretory, after my pour reCommand-
asayoes which yssmally to be regardyd off me that
am a pour banyshed kreatur, thys shall be to desyre
you to be goode to my pour housbande, and to me.
I am seur yt ys nat oneknone to you the by dis-
pleasure that bothe he and I have bothe of the
Kyngs hynes and the Queue gras by the reason
of our maryagge wytheout thayr knollyge, wheryn
we bothe doe . yelde our selfs faulty and doe
knollyge that we dyd net welle to be so hasty
nor so bold wytheout thyyr knollyge. But wone
thyng good Mastar Sekretory consedor, that he was
"paringe ; and love overcame rossone, and, for my
part, I saw so myche onesty yn hym that I lovyd
byrne as well as he dyd me, and was yn' bondagge,
and glade I was to be at lybarty, so that for my part
I saw that all the world dyd sete so lytyll by me,
and he so myche, that I thoute I could take no betar
way but to take hyme and to forsake al other ways,
and lyve a poor oneste lyffe wythe hym ; and so
doe pout no douts but we should, if we myht wons
be so hapy to recover the kyngs grasshyous favour
and the quens. For well I myght a had a greater
mane of byrth and a hyhar,,but I ynsuer you, I could
never a had wone that should a loved me so well,
nor a more onest man, and bysydes that, he ys both
come offe an aunssyent stok, and agyn as mete (yeff
yt was hys grassys pleasaur) to doe the kyng servys
as any young jentyllmane yne hys court ; therefore,
good Master Sekretory, thys shall be my sute to you,
that for the loue that well I know you doe her to
all my bloude, tho for my part I have nat desarvyd
yt, but smelly bye the ressone of my vylle condas-
shons, as to pout my housband to the kyngs gras,
that he may doe hys duty as all outhar gentyllmene
doe : and good Master Sekretory, sue for us to the
kyngs hynes, and beshych hys hynes, whyche ever
was wount to take pety, to have pety one ous, and
yt woull pies hys gras of hys goodines to speke to the
qwens gras for ous : for as far as I cane parsayve,
har gras ys so hyly displeased with ous both that
wythoute the kyng be so good lord to ous as to
wythedrawe hys regour and sue for ous we are never
lyke to recover her grasys favoor, whych ys to bevy
to ber. And seinge ther ys no remedy, fel. God's
sake help ous : for we have byne now a quarter off a
ver maryd I thanke God and to late now to call that
agayn ; wherfor yt ye the more almones to helpe.
Bout yeffe I war at my lebarty and myghte chows,
I ynseure you Master Sckretory, for my lytyll tyme
I have tryyd so myche onesty to be yne hym that
I had rather beg my bred wyth hYme thane to be the
gretyst-queue krystynd; and I bylyve veryly he ys
yne the same cas wythe me, for I bylyve veryly he
ys yne the serne cas wythe me, for I believe verily a
would nat forsake me to be a kyng, therfor good
Mastar Sekretory, beynge we are so well together,
and does yntende to lyve so onesty though
yt be but pour, abou part of your goodness to ous
as well as you doe to all the woride bysydb ; for I
promys you ye have the name to helpe all them that
bathe nede, and arnonkst all your suesuetars I dar
be bolde to say that yea have no mater more to be
pytyd thane ours; and therefore for God's sake be
good to ous for yne you ys all our troust, and I
hesbych you good Master Sekretory pray my lord
my father and my lady to be good to ous and to lete
me have thayr blessyngS and my. housband thayr
good will, and I will never desyr mor off them.
Allso I pray you desyr my Lorde of Norfolk and
my lorde my brouthar to be good to ous. I dar net
wryte to theme they are so cruel agaynst ous, but
yeff with any payne that I could take withe my lyffe
I myght avyne ther good wyls I promys you ther ys
no chylde lyving would venter mor than I, and so I
pray you to report by me, and you shall fynd my
wryting true and yn all poynts whyche I may pies
theme yne, I shall be redy to obey theme neryst my
housband, home I ame moste bound to, to whom I
most hardy hesbych. you to be good unto, wyche for
my sake ys a poor banyshed mane for an honest and
a godely cawes; and beyng that I have red yne old
buy's that soine, for awe joust causays have by kyngs
and quens byn pardonnyd by the suete of good folks,
I troust yt shall be our chans thourOw your good
help, to come to the same, as knoyth the God, who
sende you helthe and harts ese. Scrybld with her
yll hande,- who ye your pour bumble suytor, always
to command ,
_

" MARY STAFFORD."

There are now in Leigh about 908 weavers,
who, a year or two since, were all employed in
weaving cotton. They then earned 9s. a week ;
now they are earning 17s. 'Al.—Manchester
paper.
