L 0 N D 0 N,

THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1 810.

The Bidding for the Irish Loan took plaCe on
Monday last in Dublin. The sum wanted was
1,500,0001. and the terms were for every 1001.
1201. 3b per cent. Stock, and the Bidding to. be in..
Treasury Bills. •
The Biddings were—
BSRESFORD and Co. • - t"9 4 0
LUKE WHITE . . 9 z 6

This Bidding was not accepted. The,Parties af-
tprwards bid coiljC)intly 81. 15s. which was also re-

fused ; the Loan therefore was net effeeled.,

It was this morning reported that accounts had
reached town of a battle having been fought on the
frontier's of P6rtugni upon inquiry, however, we
find that the report was without the slightest founda-
tion ; and, for the reasons-.which we stated some
days ago; we are strongl:' inclined to think that there
is no probability,of an aelion taking. place' in that
quarter, at least for some time.'

An Opposition Paper 'has preferred a serious
charge against Ministers for having avowed the in-
tention of renewing the Charter of a close Borough,
which is on the point of expiring. The Borotigh al,

lu'ded to is Maley n, and the, faCt is, that in conse-
quence of some, decisions in the Court of King's
Bench, the Corporation of Malden lost the power.>
-of perpetuating itself,. and the number of voters has
been gradually diminisl*ing, until they do not now
exceed sixty. The Charter has been or is about to
be renewed, upon the principle of re establishing
in their corporate rights all those who can make out
that they would, by birth, marriage, or servitude,
have been entitled to their freedom, if the Corpora-
tion had Continued to exercise its power of eleaing
Members. This question will at once establish be-
tween 1000 and 1200 eleetors for the Borough. of
Malden.

The following are some farther extra Els from the
Spanishand Portuguese Papers which arrived yes-
terday :

BADAJOZ, MAY 4.—The Superior Junta at Cas-
tile has addressed the following to the soldiers of the
enemy ; it has been circulated in the French lan-
guage :

" Frenchmen, how long 'will you suffer a foreign
Tyrant to abuse your docility and patience, how.
long will you expose yourselves, 'shed your blood,- to
insure still more slavery and satisfy the voracious and
criminal ambition of an adventurer. It .is time that
you 'should undeceive yourselves and recover from
an'error fatal.-4o yourselves and to all Europe. • •
" At the time when you fought for your liberty,
your friends, your allies, your enenries•themselves
applauded your triumphs, your cause was just
and every where you had Admirers ; but now—
what cause is it that you defend ? That of the most
tyrannical despotism and the most' perfidious usur-.
•
pation. Against whom do you make war: ? Against
a nation which has long been your ally, and
which has Made for France the most generous
sacrifices. What do you propose ; or rather what
does the monster who rules over you .propose ?
The debasement, the enslaving of this nation. And.
what advantages do you expe& from so unjust—so
wild a proje& ? Turn your eyes towards your coun-
try, enter into the bosoms of your families, hear the_
lamentations of your mothers, your wives, your
brothers, „and your sons ! Look on those desolate
widovis, those deserted orphans, those afili&ed mo-
thers and aged fathers, from whom despotism has torn
the only support oltheir decrepitude—every where
you will meet with mourning, misery, and despair.
Ves, we repeat it, recover from your error, suffer.
not yourselves to be blinded by a vain glory only
useful to the tyrant who oppresses you. Be con-
vinced that_ every vi&ory, every conquest, is a link
which adds to the chain in which you are bound by
NAPOLEON. Remember you are Frenchmen, and
cease to obey an adventurer, a Corsican. Abandon
the standard of your oppressor, and enlist under the
banners ofliberty. Come over to us; the Spariiards are
not your enemies, they are only the enemies, of the
usurper of a Crown disgraced by his brow. They
make no war agaiiist the French, they only make
war against the Corsican and his slaves, come then
and, from us you shall receive the most generous
hospitality, every one of you shall xeceive 1043 livres
Tourools,„ besides the value of his arms and horses.
Our Allies shall: give jou every kind of succour,
and convey you inAheir vessels wherever you may
wish to go.--(Badajoz..,piary, May 4.)

The 'Eliza packet has arrived; at INmotith ;
sailed from New York the sth ult. and from Hail-
far the 27th. The mail will be deljvered to-
morrow.

The KING came to town yesterday morning from
Windsor, and was received at the Queen's Palace by
the Dukes of CUMBERLAND, KENT, and SUssEX.
About two o'clock his MAJESTY held a private
Levee, at which the following had the honour of be-
ing presented

Vice-Admiral Purvis, on this return from Cadiz.
Litut-Colonel Rushbrooke, on his being appointed to the
command of the West Suffolk Local Militia.

Mr, Graham on his going abroad.
Mr: Douglas, on his going abroad.
Captain. Bastard, R. N. on bis promotion and return from
India.'

Captain Sir john Lewis, R. N. on coming to his title and
promotion.
Lieut. Col. Paulette, and Colonel, Sir John Dalrymple,
of the 3d Guards, on coming to his title.

His MAJESTY held a Privy Council, and gave
audiences to the Earls of LIVERPOOL and BATHURST ;
Lord MULGRAVE ; Sir D. DUNDAS, ; Messrs. PERCE-
VAL; YORKE, RYDER, and M. SUTTON, the last of
whom lain before his MAJESTY the
.proceedings of
some Courts-Martial.

The QUEEN presented Miss DASHWOOD (now the
Marchioness of ELY), who was one of her Maids of
Honour, upon her-marriage, with 1,0001. The Prin-
cess ELIZABETH presented her with a very valuable
lace cloak.

A vessel which arrived yesterday from Ostend,
from whence she sailed on Saturday, has brought
intelligence that BUONAPARTE and his Consort were
expected there on the following day. They visited
Ghent the middle of last week, where they separat-
ed ; his Majesty to inspect some of the neighbouring
fortresses, and the Empress to proceed to Bruges,
Where BUONAPARTB intended to rejoin her, and
continue their route to. Ostend.

Accounts of a very melancholy description were
yesterday received from Teneriffe. The effeets of
an earthquake had been very alarmingly felt. The
shock had thrown ''clown many houses, and many
lives Were lost in the ruins. The Peak of Teneriffe
is a 1,9 said -to have been hurled into the sea, and in
its tail to bate destroyed many vessels.

NAVAL'NEWS

- PLYMOUTH, MAY tt.!—Arrived the Hope, °1
FOWey,•ALLEN master, from Denia and Gibraltar,
laden with wine and fruit, bOund to London, Put
in here in distress, hiving carried away her foreyard,.
and received considerable damage in a heavy gale 0'
wind'; this ship belonged to the fleet underconvoY
of the Terrible,- but parted convoy some dap since'
also arrived .the Pickle brig, from Quiberon BaY
the brig Mary,. STANWAY, from Lisbon, lade°
with coppers hides, and oranges, bound -to Lgir
don. .

Sailed. his Majesty's frigates EihuliO n and :Rota to
to the gastward, with the whole of the ineichao"
men and transports uncle? convoy that have put int°
this port by contrary winds, from the Mediterranean:
Cadiz, and Lisbon, with the excep,tion of the We'
as above Mentioned ; also sailed the HOUthe, PEncl';'
for London ; and his Majesty's Wig Crocus, Capt.
Bncx, on a quize to the Westward.

Arrived the Amity, EDWARDS, and Eliza, COO'
from London ; the Resolution, ROBERTS, from Br►s"
tol ; and the Pillhectd,- Goz A RD, from Cork, and i 5
sailed again to the River.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY 23.—Sailed this day his M3'
jesty's ship Spitare for Nova Scotia, Halifax, a''`l
Quebec, with a convoy of Merchantmen, par"f
which are as undermentioned :—Leonidas, Sevell
Brothers, Elizabeth and Sarah, Jane and Margaret,
Vaux, Zephyr, Eddington, Peggy, Dorothy Cook, for
Quebec ; Mason's Daughter, lor Philadelphia.

Sailed the Diligent store-ship, and the George'
DAVIDSON, for Halifax ; also his Majesty's shi; P 5
Plover and Mariner for a cruize ; and his MajestYlv
ship Rodney for Plymouth. •
_ Arrived his Majesty'sship Recruit from Plymouth'
Came into Harbour this day the ship Lord Eldon,
SUNNEY, from Malta.

DEAL, MAY 23.—Arrived the Zeypher ship of

from a cruize.

Sailed the Gardelia. and Helicon 'or. a eruize; on'
the following merchantmen--11/lercury, fot= Oporto,'
William, for Gibraltar; Union, for Portsmou„"' ;
Frederic, for Rio de Janeiro ; Margaret, for St. Do,
mingo ; Juno and Ann for Lisbon ; Santianii,
the South Seas; Duke of Montrose and the Heyza°4
for the West Indies.

SHEERNESS, MAY 22.—Arrived his Majestys brig.
Cherokee.
MAY 23.—Sailed his Majesty's ship Theseus, Cep
PROWSE, to join Sir IL STRAc4AN'S squadrot)
Stone Deep.
Arrived the Transit, LTUEGOYNE, from Deal'
Six o'CLocx.--7His Majesty's ship Aggress
sailed with the convoy to Heligoland.

On the 28th February the 1.9 last, Bellona,
belonging to Dundee, was taken and burnt by tbe
Invincible Napoleon French privateer, in lat
long. 35. W.-7-Thp intelligence is, contained ill th
letter from Captain Ross, dated RourdeauX, 22ap,
w
March. The Bellona was a fine ne vessel, 211'
heo way to South America in ballast.

Intelligence fron; Bombay, dated the 9th of
cember,. was TeCeived yesterday. The 8001-of
Courier of that date gives an account of the tal4f.
h.
of the town and port of Rus ul Khirra, inbabiteff„,s
a, desperate horde of pirates: The ComPeninj.
troops, on the 13th November, under the cocornl'at
of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, were landed at t'l4
place from his Majesty's ship La Chillone,'CaPthel'ot
Wainwright, who, with the Royal Marines of t'l,
ship, and the Caroline frigate, assisted in the operi3o
tions. The predatory hordes were driven avraliv
a short time in the most gallant manner, and (jot
troops re-embarked on the following day.
oh
loss was but trifling. The Minerva, one of. ves,
Vessels; which had'been captured by ;hese pirlt,he
was found in the Bay. Sire got under weigh 01). A
approach of the Briti,h, and ran on the beael'' cot
'considerable bOdy of the people on shore were sdes
to reinforce her, but, after two or three broads! to
from the. Prince of irale.F; and gun-boats sent icv"ao
the attack, the Arabs deserted, her, but the vessel et,
unfortunately in flames, and, destroyed by sun-sd
The Sultan, who commanded these pirates esc'rd
on the only horse in the place. Our'irOdr.3
plenty of booty—ohe of the 65,th regiment 1°:05.,
1400 gold mohors: The loss of the enornY
about vob.

1055°f

The same paper contains an account of the -
the Diamond and. &alailabaoy, on the OC" die
November. The former struck on the reef 0° iv,
N. W. end of the Island of Nohflol,ver,
latter in an attack to assist: The crews and 1' (1
sengers of both were saved, except ole Serang 0
one Lascar. They were all embarked on board 1.01.‘
bussora packet, 'which fortunately arrived the •
Ipwing morning, eri
The most gratifying article in the Bombay P`l;'r
however, is that which states that a great nt°llol
of addresses had been presented
.to the GoV°(101,
General from the military in every part of 11
expressing.their satisfatiion at the restoration 0f Ute
mony, and the assurance that Ihe general es
of affairs seemed to promise a durable tranqailil.

- -
501'
According to a new regulation in the araV,
deers allowed to leave' the service by pun's°. 01
their dischaige, may now pay the levy-10°10o
two recruits, instead of being compelled to fill"
substitotes as formerly.
,;ve OIA
Gentleman of the name of Yeovil, a

Dorchester, started on Monday Mornitig at
to go 500 miles on toot in seven succeasivet-
and bq had. done 160 miles at twelve o'cl°c-„,:eli
Tuesday night. He is taking his course 01.'1,1174
Soinersetshire,- Wiltshire, tic. and 'intends fill's
. at 133541 L 4t, arnir
A person of the name of Thistlewaite, in -a-- ,or
shire, v,^ ho undertook to go 1000 miles in 1000
CM:7C gave up, alter going afortnight.
