such a proceeding. It is attempted in direct opposition to
all sound policy, as well as to the lessons of daily expe-
rience. No nation ever enjoyed the Liberty of the Preis,
even in a very qualified sense, that could easily consent to
its surrender bi- submit to its extinction. All power excl..
cised to reduce the Press from a state of comparative free-
dom to abject slavery will always be regarded as absurd
and tyrannicah It may for a time suspend the functions
of that great moral engine, hitt, like a temporary resist,,
ance applied to a mountain stream, it will only make it
swell into a bolder torrent. We are not surprised thatthe
wretched tat of fanatical incendiaries who call themselves
Apostolicals should hate the Press. It throws a very in-
convenient light upon their political juggling, and makes
sad Nvork with their hypocritical munimeries: flats and foul
birds of omen deep into dark holes and corners, while
the majestic eagle soars against the sun. So it is with hu-
man, nature, wherever there are vicious intentions and un-
holy doings--wherever there is evil to be promoted and
good to be suppressed—wherever there is the concoction
of secret rapine, delusion, or frand, there will always be
found a love of concealment and a hatred of the Press.
Yet we wonder that vicious politicians do not take a lesson
from the more sagacious management of our Joint Stock
plunderers, and, instead of attempting the extinction of
the Press, make it subservient to their designs by cor-
rupting it; but they always fear that some honest excep-
tion would be found that might render their efforts una-
vailing. They think it, therefore, easiest to extinguish
that power on whose total depravity they could never
calculate. But though a country which has never had a
free Press may possibly be kept without it to any inde-
finite time, yet any serious attempt to crush this great
power where it has existed, will only in the end produce
a recoil. dreadful to the oppressors.—Morning Herald.
The Return made by Mr.- Wontner, Keeper of New-
gate,
of the convictions at the Old Bailey, for the year
1826, contains statements well worthy of attention. It
appears that of the total number committed since the isL
of January to the Ist of December, more than one-half
were under twenty-one years of age, and of these, more
than one-third were females. The proportion of females
to males above that age, is as one to seven : of those con-
demned to death, only one in thirteen were executed (16
out of 203.) More than one-third of those committed by
the Magistrates were acquitted (950 out of 2,796). It
is most honourable to the character of the people, that
only one was convicted of murder ; and the singular fact,
that but one solitary individual was brought in guilty of
forgery, proves, as compared with former times, what lives
have been saved by withdrawing the small notes. Indeed,
there are but few crimes of an atrocious cast :—Murder,
arson, rape—one each ; the number of burglaries and
highway robberies are exactly the same (37); larcenies of
various descriptions constitute by far the greatest number,
being eight times as numerous as all the other crimes to-
gether. About one in seven had been in Newgate before ;
and considering the number of people that have been
thrown out of employment during the last year, it is not
surprising that the number of committals should have in-
creased 547.—Ibid.

We alluded a few days ago to an article in the forthcom-
ing Edinburgh Review on the affairs of Portugal, which
may be said to exhaust the question with regard both to
the legality of the present Portuguese Government, and
the obligation on us to afford assistance to it at this con-
juncture. The only thing which we have yet seen on the
opposite side of the question, is a pamphlet just published,
under the title- of a Letter on the Affairs of Portugal,
." from a Dog in the Country to his Friend in Town."
The writer of this is forced in the outset to assume as true,
what has been formally contradicted in the face of Europe,
namely, that Don Miguel himself favours the proceedings
in his name in Portugal. What his private feelings may
be, it is not for us to say; but, when we have solemn de-
clarations, and oaths, we are under no necessity of inquir-
ing into them. This point is as much settled as any point
can b, settled. The arguments of the writer as to the le-
gality of the recent proceedings in Portugal,admit of an easy
answer; but we would refer those who wish to understand
the question thoroughly, to the Edinburgh Review. But
legal or illegal, we are not the less called on to protect the
Government de facto from Spanish aggression, which the
prevent invasion certainly is. " The cases feeder is (says
the writer) is never recognised by the law of nations in an
unjust cause; and if it now be found that the Spaniards
arc siding with the Portuguese nation against a faction,
and not with a faction against the nation (which last, in-
deed, is too probably our own case), there is no just corn-
plaint against them on that account." But treaties like
the one between us and Portugal would be waste paper,
were one of the Contracting Parties to refuse to answer
the call for assistance, on such grounds as those which are
urged by this writer. An invader will always find sup-
porters in the country invaded. Bonaparte even found
supporters in Spain ; and those who opposed him were
termed a faction. If we were now at liberty, it would lie
absurd to enter into such a treaty as the one in question ;
but, having entered into it, there is no retreating with ho-
nour. Even if a majority of the nation were in favour of
the rebels, the Spanish countenance, and Spanish aid,
would render it imperative on us to interfere.—Chronicle.
