Dic. 17.

PROCLAMATimi BY sift
•
" The events Which haVe ;recently pet:arced in
ryaiscay, and Upon, the Ebro', have rendered it Milts-
eantably necessary for the troops of his Britannie
iNajeitty in Spain to concentrate and unite them-
selVes, in' order to. be enabled to render the most
efficacious assistance and support to the Spanish na-
tion, in the heroic efforts which it is malting in de-
fence of its independence. Lieutenant-General Sir
David Baird; CoMinander of the British Division in
Gallicia and Leon, has at. present to make known
to the true and loyal inhabitants of these kingdoms,
that. be has feeeived orders from -his Excellency Sir
-John Moore,General in Chief of the British army in
Spain, to unite la troops, without losi of tittle,'
with those of the said General in Chief, towards.-
the road to Portugal. The object of this movement
is not by any means to evacuate Spain, or to abed-
.4Jty a canoes so dear to Great Britain. The 64
Lpurposein view is to unite the whole British arMy,
so as to aCt from one particular point, whence its
services may be most necessary and efficacious;
• "G tllicia, which, is naturally strong, cannot re-
spire a more numerous army, or one that is more.
worthy of defending it, than that of the left,•coin-
posed principally of the valorous youth of that kingl.
dom, and which is now united in Leon, under the
orders'of the most distinguished and celebrated Ge-
neral his Excellency the Marquis Da La Romani.—
The presence of more Aroups, under the existing cir-
cumstances, in 'the defiles of the mountains, might
be only prejudicial, by consuming the food and
other ref oureea of theconutry, without increasing
Its security. •
" To the worthy inhabitants of these kingdoms
• the most lively, thaeks of the British' army are due,
for the hospitality and friendly treatment which they
have 'every where experienced from them. • And
the Lieut.-General bores, that the same sentiments
of reciprocal friendship ,and esteem will, for ever
continue to animate the'two nations of Spain and
Great Britain until the most remote posterity.
" Being, about to leave this part of the peninsula,
probably.tOr a short, time, the LieuteGeneral -ft*ls
it his duty to exhort the inhabitants of these king.
Owns, by the loyalty which they owe to their Sot e.
‘'Cigii, by, the, love • they hate for their families, and
by all the most holy and dearest pledges which. they
possess, to ,rise in support, 'of their Religion, their
King, and their Country.
" Unlesi the Government and the nation make

the utmost efforts, the just and glorious cause t)t
Spain will run a most Serious risk ; but it' they be.
not wanting in the necessary exertions, with the
hely of Divine Providence, that great cause wilt be
crowned with viaory and complete success.
" Head-,Quarters at ~Istorgui ist Dec. 1808."

I. ,SALANIMICA, Mc. 13.
(I'l4 • PROCLAdisi AT lON .
SO rt CitioTILIANS—We are now on the eve of that
tappy moment which Divino Providence has der

iogg_._
have been Seized, and their crews sent to piiSori: tined to the Spaniards, to reward their virtues, to
A lettil, from New York has arrived, by which`h crown them with glory, and to revive, to the aston-
teems, that the Debate on the Embargo was not influent and admiration of Europe, the illustrious
entered into M the manner expected on the ieth of laurels which have adorned their veueralks brows
NoretribiaS: The letter is dated the 17th, and it troth the fall of Saginitum to the present calamitous
:mentions that a Resolution on the subject was pro-. days of Ferdinand VII. The illustrious family or
Vestal, to nothing detinitive wag concluded. 'l'lle. this beloved Prince, the Court of the'Two Empires,
Anetitei Wee ,tk. „Resolved, .that .the At,, laying, an the capital. City of Madrid, invested by the hostile
Erebargcsiin all'Sltips and Vessels in the ports and's French armies, renews this in the face of the 'world,
intrbours.ofithe -United States, and the several ,604 i all the horrors, all the cataßrophes,' and all the ca-
.s4Peletneutsey.theretos.be repealed, so tar as to per- !amities ia :which Troy was anciently involved by
trait the Ve,sels of the United States to clear out fur; the arts of the crafty Ulysses, and by the machines
countries. not Subjett to the Freneli Decrees, or
.. l;- , thins of Simon. HOwever, the 'undaunted' spirit of.
CA : Ortieni.•en Council:"The.Pr°babilitY Iseslllt , ,„ inhabitants, rn
abitants, and the prudent eireuspealort and
1
this arritegetnent.would be tantamount to an utept - vigilance of its magistrates, not only dtide the menu
lifted repeal-of the Embargo Laws, her .a preteity Aititl selfish sieves of the cruelest of men ; not only
being afforded for quitting the shores ,of the Re- . commit their safety to the wisdom and vigour of alio-
IllibliO i nothing afterwards could restrain the direr- ther Lneas, but by their gallant warriors and fulmi.
thin the Ships should take for the purpose of "siemens teeing sword, snake the vit.-lotions eagles of the
Om adventure. We have no doubt' that the trault North fall afilighted from their walls, and clearly
of this determination would be, titatilre whole corn- demonstrate on their part, that a nation is not to be
tneseHal navy (oleo uneed states woukt withdraw insulted with impunity„ when free from the fetters
ft'om her harbours. of despotism ; it pours.forth. from its oppressed bo-
1u ~. Wseloesday the inhabitants of the town of BUM its feedings of honour, its groans of afilielions
Laticaster were highly .asuustd, about one o'clock, and resolutions of independence. The perfidious
by a numerous essemblege of sportsuieu -catering the enemy imagined he would find only weak heads and
• town in pursuit of a hare that had been limited for few able arms on its bulwarks, bet he finds, whit
Several hours on the Moor, near the town. Puss astonishment, some of the true descendants.of those
entered the town, being nearly tethausteda kr Moor- gallant Ninuantities, who had courage enough, to
lane, went rs:mod the stone well into St. ,Leonard's ;E prefer being buried tinder the glorious ruins of their
Gate, entered a house, the door of which was liiiii,' ', native city, in presence.of their fathers, to the igno
and eteleivonred to conceal herself under some ,fitis iminious chains of slavery. Tho coequerors of.P.wia
enure, when an old woman appearing, alarmed estiesr :and of Flanders are erthis day the dread and terror
. Puss, and she endeavoured to escape by suenpintat .of his numerous phalanxes, and the confusion of his
a window, .in ,wbich attempt she broke several Generale • ,
squareeof glass. One of the huntsmen came tie at , " Madrid - has made en effort which will humor-
the time,. took her, and liberated her hear the New tatiee its. meniery. Tee determined wish only of
Bridge., 'for another day's sport. : oppoiltig itself to the modern Caesar of Europe, will
A respectable Gentlewoman of Dublin lately cut be recorded in history as an atchievesneut which no
lier throat, but the wound fortunately-ie not mortal; - 'length of time shall ever he able to efface. Its walls.
her' madness and Melancholy showed itself in the are of brass, .and the breasts ef its inlitibitaolcof eda-
following singular Manlier e her only son (a boy • imait ; they are, however,. but men, and they re-
about ten years of AV), had come from I school in quire assistance. The vicissitudes of sear, the Mean-
Ligland on a vacation visit, and the Unfortunate. stancy of fortune, and a thousand unforeseen cir-
tuother . could' not be persuaded that he was her, CUMitatlCeli, may vary the happy issue of our vide-
ehilds tut thought an impostor,. and could not ' ties, and place us sometimes itt the shameful state
tltexefure bear to see him, nor indeed could he cons , of the vanquished... If we lose 'the fortunate op-
tinue, with safety its her compatiy. portunity, in Which the terrible ann of Divine Jos-
it is a littleeetreeirdinary, that in 3 "I"l36thring. tiCe Visibly assists us, the whole nation 'must be ig.
't44l, coomei6il country, Like Enos id, there has . nonainiously itivelred in the cruelest' and bitterest
41)pearest leypeblications which has adopted the plan servitude. The vengeance of fshipeleen, the ifls3.
of circUlating patterns, of suet) tuanuladuresseesc Liable avarice of our tyraots, and the letielifttlenti. of
*Quid readily. admit of belog distributed throughejeso ' our enemies, have no limit's. The Spanish name
country, in theexpeditious way as such piihlica ions ,will become their jest, and scorn, atid..the subject of
,erfered. alio infinite service thie plainis civet)
relo their popular songs, an se d there strong andpots ' erful
1,
rendering to the Manelita 1 urers,. the Wholes ,I111:1 , arms, . which clewed to Africa so many millions of
!letailDealers, as well as the Consumers, is incalcu- enemies, that hod been in poitaession for $OO years
.4 lehlesend.makea the delay of sneh a plan hitherto of their freitfal plains, will be compelled to drag the
pageAly.exesee,eing„ ',rile ktercarrouv of ARTS, as bloody car of Napoleon, and in :vulcanise( be trans-
' P 4014110. by AcisettsiANnilolllsit. Strand, has onr :formed into beasts of burden I
best .Witilies for:its` success .in this new t: to our ' ~ It will be better to die a thousand times :than
. 0 lift: "
.m
nait9Utit4tures. - ' • to permit such ignominy ! Our holy religion, the
CualssE*elistsse, JAN, as...4es, day there are . only ialieritence which we receive,from our fathers;
tca,ee:Mit... any fresh arrivals of
,Wheat, avid eery little at the entoyinetit of our pacific possessions ; our regard
144 '.....0r die few`sales inede, the prices are censi-
for, our wives, for our children, for out country, :tans
iCY and Melt, O eli thereof Are d earer 3 tiered nominal a . there are short supplies of Bare . our sovereign ; our regard . for ourselves, and our
~Beans of . fame.mel happiness, are the lively', the km, and
the :two kinds in plentY, 'li
anti chespur i • there holy motive that ought to animate every Spaniatd to
are iiircwise, 4bort, supplies ef ads, but in ewes. draw his eworti, and to carry, Witilolll the loss of a'
gamma
of.
the large
arrivals twin expeavd. es.usas mem, aid and assistance to our brave brothets' in
thisstratle to be cheaper; :Flour plentiful at tilv tf,T a ii,-Whe demand it from us, who fear and hope,
TI, ”
rgtiUdiOU. ' . - al d.who, it. our asststaece does not reaela them in
.

4ger

;proper tima,-wir, .iappinesst anti Salva.
tion of all Spain.
44 To arrirOeliraiecizstilinns 'Van Most 4horise
lndependence;.or slavery. l'he man who perishes in
. the beld of battle, does, not die,, his, memory fives
for ever, and his death its"prticions 'in the sight of the
Lord.-', Let vithe iu defence of the religion of Jegui
Christ. The molt sacred interests call for the tit-
most exertion` of our 'valour. I,itiiitssible to suggeit
thotiree morehOly or just'? Let not the considerzie
tion Merlon,. that you are a weak, an tinartned,
nod undisciplined people.
". His Excellency the English General unites his
cause with yonrs, and who 'conies from England to
fight for the same cause ; he offers you arms, pro-
. Mises you his instruelionS, ancl'assiuresyon that your'
condition shall be equal to that 'of ,his valjant and
brave warriors. See how Providence favours your
cause, and takes you under its banrers and pr.tec-
lion. Napoleon now trembles in the Plains Of Mad-
, rid. What will he do when he feels the impetuous
shock of the .Anglo-Castilian army ? tin our sod he
is destined to terminate his glory and his conquests.
iiy instantly to arms, and believe that your voluntary
union is thegreat principle of our liberty and rege-
neration,

a Jose"" MARIA PUENTE.
Salamanca, Dec. 6, 1808."

ROYAL DECRCE.

The Supreme Central Junta, considering that it ,
is not sufficient for a nation, newly engaged in war
%Sith an intrepid and experienced enemy, to have
numerous Armies, but' that it is indispensable that
all the inhabitants should be soldiers, and that every
house,sbould bo s fortress ' • considering also that our
fornielGovernment, cottliding in an alliance which
it believed sincere, had Atte feeble condescension to
suffer the military spirit, which is identified with the
Spanish character, to evaporate, so that it haslxen
neeesiary to create it entirely anew ; and that though
our new soldiers are all animated with that valour
which patriotism inspires, yet they cannot but be
wanting in the knowledge of tat4ics and experience 3.
which, however, is speedily acquired in the field
of
_battle, where only. it can be learned, and, u lien
acquired, must render them invincible. The Go-
vernment has, therefore, resolved to adopt the most
energetic _and etreaual measures, authorising and
granting full powers to all towns and considerable.
villages to oppose to the enemy such a resistance,
that, if unfortunately he should be able to'penetrate
to thorn, every step may cost him a vidory : that to
this end, the whole nation may be united, and every
means employed suitable to the defence of. the par..'
ticniar part pt the country where the enemy is found,
that his progress may be retarded, his movements
impeded, and that we may convince him what may,
be done by patriots resolved to conquer or die.
In consequence of this deterufinatirm, which, no
doubt, u ill animate all the iithabitents of this king,
dom with th it heroism which thdr brethren have
manifested in the repeated attacks they have hitherto
.anstainetl, and being ultiniately convinced that the
Meant: to prevent our enemy from polluting 'our soil
With his horrid crimes and 'sacrileges, is to augment
the army under the command of the,Marquis de la
Rotuma, 'and to raise another to defend the posts of
Manzanal and Sanabria, has decreed- '
14t. That within the term of eight days the con-
tingent of each province for the first conseription
shall he. coPtpleted, - • •
24. That this being completed, considering the
urgent necessity of reinforcing the army with tho
greattiat'Apidity; and securing the entrances Of tin.
kingdoni, a new inlistment shall take Place of the
smiles who are uomarried, or widowers without chil-
dren, from the age of ta., to 45, wit hout-anrether
exception than those provided by the Regulation of
St,h of November, published by the Supreme Cen-
tral Jtutta. •

4 _
[The other articles relate only to the particular
Regulations for inlicting, arming, Szc, this new mi-
litia, or conscription.]
Kingdom of Gailicta, Dec. 14. 1308.
JOAN INNOCENCIO,
MARTINkI ANTONIO.
MAUL% Lift. Y SANTISO.
IVIANURL Secretary:
(Coritnyin Curtly', Dec. t 7.)

turday morning they- ranbwed their.atleck, anti 6:
perienced a
,resistance equally determitted. Their
force lins 'net been ascertained, some say itl3,9nity
eighteen thousand, but, according to others, they
are foray. thoteiand strong, - The latter account
the merti-prObable. Yesterday anexpress ar-
rived frnin-Taleverm—by the tyay of l'oledd, with
letters toil ir-Mwtw. DE PALACIO, stating that tho
eninny had atM by tlic •ftetiro end the Ptador
This news is qAtyflicial, but I think the aect.nant
Trobatile, its- inhabitants had too little time for
effeCtual preparation. General LA PEN'S was, how-
ever, advancing towards Madrid with 2:o,nouinfaw-
fry, and 401)0 cavalry', and it is said that the day be-.
fore yeiterday he had his adVanced,postLat 4,‘lcf6.
The troops which had been defeated at Boino Sierti4
were' eolleaing` at Segevia. The "Engli,lt troops
Which wore advanced, wouki have rejoined at •Sahr-
manea by the 4th. Notwithstanding the
,successet
which the comtnoti-enr.ny Inc obtained, I have nu
doubt that his ifiroadintothelieart et. Spain will leaa
to his destrnet l'he Marquis is to be herethii
tveuing; he jlasuoillers to fortify Despenaperros. A.
itumber he N, ebility and great fainities hay.e,gone
to Stivtile'ttfiicitiekkritoin are the famities Of ostnia,
Veragnes, '."lit:
Ainerican and..Auktrian Charge d'Aff. airs, and-this
Papal Nunciti;.have gone to esdizr"
Ott the t tilt, the day before the 'Vessel by which.
we . received the above communication, Piled, the
'Govertior and the troops in eachi were,asset‘ibted,
'and under arms; arid, we understand, took nn oath
of fidelity to tin Supreme solemnly pledging
t I ictosel ves never tu'hurreri.,:r that town, the ar,enalv,
.or the shipping in the port to the Frencli.,•.ft was
daily expeded that the garrison would bt reinfofced
by ten thOusand regular iroop4, which were oil their
way from the Hat annah end .Atner:ca. A' report,
however prevailed, that theOevernor ot Mexico had
opposed the wishes of the people in that provioce,
and' had'shewn himself either a partizan. of Duo.
t 4 A A nIA, or inditferent to the rate of the tuellier
country. He had collealedl4 millions'et dollars ‘4:
the public money in, a 'fortress, w hich he detained,
notwitlisonditig,he was urged to forward it to ihe
' Supreme *Nola it Span, as a supply for carrying or
.the war against' Frlince.

By the Ship ,Orion, arrived at Portsmouth, from
Cadiz,, we have' received a • letter which tomaimi
many interesting and gratifying particulars of the
spirit and resolution of the Spaniards, ptirticnlarly irk
respect to the gallant resistan:e that was Dladv.to the
enetpy at: Madrid, and the berme deter,;,iii.ition
Abe Government and military at C ,diz to hurt. theiri
selves in its ruins rattier than surrender to the enemy,
either the city or tint cummitten to their Proieni iott.
The tollowing is a copy of this interesting let
" DEC. i2.=---Yesterday Don Nolte VAL-
DIVIA/ the Eirstitortitnary Comm who air6-ed with
Dispatches for the
,litoicu,s tie PALACIVS trolll the
Supreme Junta, dined with me, and I. shall give
you a filithitll ACC3thir Of what he has witnes.ed at
whatoier news we have here, omitting
nothing that I conceive may interest you.: -
" The French were on the heights of Madrid
ere the inhabitants were well apprised of their ap-
.proach. Immediate measures were taken for the
defence of the' city, the inhabitants being resolved to
perish rather than submit: On Friday an attack was
in:ide on the Retiro,. was Most gallantly resist-
',ed, -and the French were repulsed with,great loss.
Saturday 'meriting, at the dawn of day, "a second.
attack .was Made, but with no Better success, and
the enemy retired with great slaughter, It is coin-
' tinted-by some, that the force' eogarred against the
Retire exceeded 20,00 u men, °VALDIVIA 'aii;;
sures me, that. he %vita Wormed by two or thnefi
Officers engaged, oAtatitese days, that kamonnted to
near 40,000.
" On the 3d, ttiff,Otemy made a lodgement in gets
Retiro. At this, owntlent all, was contusion; as the
whole Wall of tip Relit° ' wits garrisoned with only
LThon new-raised troops. The Officers Were now
seeti in every% quarter rallying the men, who were ell
for defending the town to the last extremity.. As
soon as the white flag was hoisted, all was confusion.
At seven O'clock a movement of sonic infantry and
cavalry was obieived by the people, who finding
that the' match of 'the enemy was towards the gate;
of Sego, the greatest* confusion ensued amongst
them.

Extraa of a Letter, written by a Gentleman who
escaped from Madrid after the French had reached
the town, addressed to his friend at Cadiz
La Carotins, Dec. S.
" I send you this litter by an express which the
Marquis Da Pu.Acto is dispatching to Seville, and,
though pressed for time, I shall endeavour to give
you some idea of my escape from Madrid, which,
with much difficulty and risk, I accomplished on the
tat 1414. in company with Mr. STUART and Suite,
On that morning we received an account of the ene-
my having forced the pass of Selma Sierra, and that
they were rapidly advancing to the capital, The
measures of detence were then hashfued with the
greatest enthusiasm. The populace immediately
took possession of all the pies, and would permit no
person to leave the city, It would herimpossible to
describe to you the scenes I witnessed that,day.!---
Thousands of women :and children rushed to the
gates in 'order to escape, but were not allowed to
pass. Other females,. regardless of the impending
danger, ;were zealously occupied In digginglesses in
the streets, and carrying tames fur the weeks, and,
ammunition to the batteries. The enthusiasm w is
so great, that ruoltioldes of every CIAO seemed do-
terinineti to die rather than submit te the etpirty.----‘
SfAch was the situation of Madrid when I lett n on'
Thursday :last. It teas then said that the Froneh had
adynneed parties against St. AltglieitiOo,, a: small vil-
tips tVtibort distanfefrom Madrid. The' surprise
*Mat this apprOsehormteitured is inconceivable, for
on the, prerirstiett.day no intelligwe, had arrived
which 'was ealeuieted to make me 'apprehend arty
immediate datiger.. it may be acid that tie enetny
were' at the gates before any one thought of their
approach. I escaped with only what I had on my
‘baek.'s I -have requested the Duchess. of Owns),
whose family 1 overtook on the road, to allow Major
Cox's hurst, which I luckily got out of Madrid, to
be conveyed forward by her servants, and deliVertid
to you, I whinnied two nights with my friends at
Vai de Penas, and during that time a number amt.
I,resseil.bace passed!
Lest night I was with the MarquiaDa PAS-
v;to, who had received intelligence troM Ocana of
Saturday's date. The French attacked Madrid on
-Ifritiah and -were-repulsed: with great loss. On Sa.

" The. Junta del Armaments (for arming the
people) issued the necessary orders, on the occasloni.
which satisfied the, people, who immediately re;•
turned to itielfifYeAive posts for the defence of
the town. tarnilies, and the greater
part of the trooliW, i this critical mornent, left' the
city by the gate of4Segovia. Advice new artiVed
that General LA -110 NA was marching by, forced,
marches for the relief' of the town,, with, 2.0,000
infantry and 4000 Cavalry, and that leis advanced
*wild 'WM already at Alcala. The troops which tie-
fended So.nosierra, had made good tneir retreat
and were collected at Segovia.

" VAL.ntvir► has carried orders to. the Niarittit.
De PA ItACIO6 to fortify Divena Perros, a. stretig pslti
in Sierra Morena.. On the road he posed
Oldies or 041/N t, SANTA CRUSZ,I and several others
ot the first distinction, going to Se4ilie,
" Austrigt end American Eruhassy,, With thip
NurtLio, are now on their way tor tlri plaCe. The
Govvinor anti troops. here have all taken the o. tit
trt ade4,oince, and have worn not 4') deliver up the
town or navy to the. French. sr he.
aro a very tine body }f men, and all classes 4)( Lwow
jiie seen to be aniituned with the greatest ettattW
4611!1;; "6eltli intellicrence brought by the
Orion, we, learn by hturrs stunt , Catoluhia, daie‘t
;November hi several days later. al to any
communicatiott hitherto received nom that impott-
ant puitii, that the Soattitirds, tyho ludiActi uti.(ooBty
reititbtetid cw,thriettood the b:414.
b3rtlitieitt ofttitt Citadel with every piovect cat one-
ness. ttotritisind shelis had been thrown into the
It Many hour eu had io CiatlotittOilieo boat
Inltitt, Mid SOVak of the inheliitions tc Wati as .pit=
tattled had lost thetir l veasr Irk enemy had provivns
to the cotrittteneetirein of the bombardment found

mean' to ititiodtA424 kinforcentent6 into Ow. Cliatleli
which it v.ould Act, to was the principal rvilson that
netualcd thr, Spani:ittla to , COrtlittlence I imubart.i.
tuebt.

Miss iti gone to iblitt the Concerts at
Bath, which ixi:l dottlytleil derive 'weft advaotapv
twat bet- taste, science, and tolanti,
