SAN JOAO MAGNANIMO.

The following lett, r, describing the capture of a vessel
of war belonging to Miguel, is written by the officer who
was put on board as prize-master, a Lieutenant of the
Eugenie schooner, and by whom she was taken to Brest
for condemnation:—
" Her Faithful Majesty's ship San Joao Magnanimo,
Brest, Oct. 3.

" On the 19th of September, about 160 miles W.N.W.
of Cape S . Vincent, the above ship hove in sight about
eight or nine miles to windward. The Eugenie was de-
spatched in chase, in company with the brig Twenty-
third of July. We soon left the brig, and came up
with the chase at dark ; fired several shot at her with
' Long Tom,' of which she took no notice. When we
came nearer we found her to be a frigate-built ship, with
some guns on her main. deck. After term broadsides,
which she returned with two guns, she hove to, and as
the brig was close, I went on board and took posses-
sion. I found them prepared for action, but in great
confusion. The captain is, I think, a Constitutionalist,
but the second captain a rank Miguelist. When Captain
Morgell came, we commenced exchanging men, taking
30 soldiers out of her, and about 40 seamen, and re-
placing them with 40 men from the brig and schooner.
I have at present 190 people on bo ird, 50 or 60 women
and negroes and passengers. Among the passengers
is the widow of t!.e Governor of Mozambique, and
her servant. We found the ship to be an old frigate, com-
manded by a Post Captain, hut now in the transport ser-
vice, from Goa, Mozambique, and Angola. She was
armed with 26 guns on her main deck, but hove 20 over-
board in a gale off the Cape, in which she lost her rudder
and sprung a leak. She has en board now 356 bags of
rice, 2,795 bundles of rattan, 1,070 coils of rope, 356
bags of saltpetre, 145 boxes of drugs, 7,0001 h. of Wax, all
Government property ; likewise 25,000 dollaar., which
Captain Morgell took on board the brig. Having, during
the night of the 19th, lost sight of the frigates and the
enemy's squadron, Captain Morgell despatched me with
orders to go to Oporto, if possible, but shout I the wind
continue from the northward, to bear up for Gibraltar;
wind fell light and shifted to the eastward, which enabled
me to get into the latitude of Oporto. On the 24th I.
fell in with the enemy in sight from aloft, and was
obliged to stand to the northward to avoid them.
On the morning of the 25th they were hull down
from our deck, the wind having shifted during the
night to the S.E. At 8 a.m., the wind freshening
I's, they stood in on the larboard tack, with the wind
S.S.E. I continued to run to the N. till I lost sight
them. On the 26th, seeing no prospect of any
favourable change of wind, and the ship being totally
incapable of working to the windward, having a jury
rudder, a thrummed sail under her bottom, making two
feet water per hour, and when on the larboard tack close
hauled, keeping all the pumps g 41;g, I determined upon
hearing up for this part. Oporto bore E. by S. 170
miles when I last saw the enemy. I got a pilot on Sun
day, the Ist of October, and arrived here this morning.
It is now blowing a gale from the S. W. If I had been a
fay later in bearing up, we must have been cast away in
he neighbourhood of Ushant. The ship is perfectly
;mind built, of Brazilian teak, and is pierced for 26 guns
'n the main deck; upper deck ports are filled up, but
at a trifling expense she may be fitted out with 42 guns.
"We are at present in quarantine. I have communi-
cated with the Portuguese Consul, M. Bersolle, who has
written to Paris. The whole of the crew volunteered for
the service of the Queen the day after I took charge, ne-
vertheless I kept our men under arms night and day."
This vessel seems to have proved, under all the circum-
stances, a more valuable capture to the Constitutionalists
than was at first supposed, and will probably soon be
made available for their service. The mode of proceeding
which, as it was understood, the captors meant to adopt
was, to bring the vessel forward for adjudication, on which
.he would be claimed by Don Pedro, on behalf of his
daughter, the rightful SGvereign of Portugal, and it was
Relieved that no opposition would he made, in that case,
by the French Government to the surrender.

The Chevalier de CORDOVA, Secretary to the
Spanish Embassy, will act as the Spanish Charge d'Af-
faires, until the arrival of the Chevalier ZEA BERMUDEZ'S
successor. It is a singular fact, that the Conde d'Ar.-
cuniA, who is spoken of as likely to replace M. BERMU-
DEZ at our Court, was the predecessor of that diplomatist
here, and quitted this country to assume the functions of
Minister for For. ign Affairs at Madrid, to which office
the Spanish Ambassador has been just appointed. The
Chance Merle of the Embassy, at all events, will remain in
Mansfield-street until further orders have been received
from Madrid. M. BERMUDEZ is an esteemed favourite of
his Sovereign, from whom he received the Cross of one of
the most distinguished Spanish Orders on th; occasion of
the birth of the Infanta MARIA ISABELLA LOUISA in Oc-
tober, 1830.

King FERDINAND'S revocation of the aboli-

,ion of the Salic Law, which we exclusively mentioned
some days ago, has been confirmed by despatches received
to day from Spain. It appears that the KING'S signature
to this decree was surreptitiously obtaioed by CALOMARDE
,!uring FERDINAND'S illness, when he actuaily did not
know what he was signing, and forms now one of the
h trges against the disgraced, cashiered, and banished
Minister.—Morning Herald.

The marriage between the Infanta of SPAIN,
:he Princess of Asturias, King FERDINAND'S only daughter,
and the eldest son of the Infant Don CARLOS, is
announced as an affair of the highest importance to Spain.
The marriage contract appears to have been signed on the
19th of September. The Gazette de France and Quo-
t;dienne express their astonishment that the French Go-
verntnent has taken no notice of so important a fact to the
succession to the throne.

HYDROPHOBIA, AND ATTEMPT AT SUI
cinE.—We have this week the painful task to record an-
other of those horrible deaths produced by a bite from a
rabid dog. Associated therewith to add additional horror
to the circumstance, has also transpired, a suicidal attempt
of a young man, who was bitten at the same time by the
same animal. On Wednesday morning last, died of hydro-
phobia, at Carlton, near this town, a man named REM.
BEN PARKER, a resident cottager of that village. Some
'.ho-t time before last Easter, he was attacked and bitten
in the leg by a dog belonging to Mr. BELL, grocer, of that
place. A young man named HANDLEY, who witnessed
the circumstance, pulled off the dog, and thrashed him se-
verely : in so doing, be also was bitten. Since PAR-
KER'S injury, it has been noticed that his health declined.
The wound, it is also stated, healed unsoundly. A few
days ago the most decided symptoms of canine madness
supervened, and he died on the day stated, under a
most distressing paroxysm of the disease. The calamity
was immediately communicated to young HANDLEY, by
his father, who is a pensioner, comfortably circumstanced,
residing in a cottage, on Carlton-hid. On telling him
that PARKER was dead, he said, " Poor fellow ! is he,"
and immediately went out, and no doubt under a mor-
bid aberration of mind, the natural consequence of
fearful forebodings for himself, he untethered an ass, and
with the rope suspended himself on a tree in an orchard
adjoining the house. Ere life was fled, be was discovered
and cut down ; but be lies in a state of great mental and
bodily distress, a lively imagination may conceive, but
what language can pourtray it? It is a remarkable cir-
cumstance that the dog on the day he committed the in-
jury, which has produced such dreadful results, was ob-
served by some brick-makers at work, sitting for several
hours apparently motionless in the middle of a ploughed
field adjoining. The singularity of the circumstance in-
duced them, at last, to arm tbetneelves with pitchforks,
and to go to him, suspecting he was mad. They observed,
on nearing, that he slavered; and before they could reach
him he made off in the direction of Colwick. Fur some
distance they pursued, designing to destroy him, lest he
might injure the cattle. Since which, it is extraordinary,
but we are told—true, that the dog has not been beard
of, or seen. The issue of poor HANDLEY'S case, of
course, is in painful suspense. Happy shall we be to
communicate, that from this double-inflicted calamity, he
may be restored unscathed to his family and to society. Be-
fore this afflicting detail is received by our readers, it is
probable poor HANDLEY will have ceased to live. We
have just heard he is in a dying state...—Nottinuliam
Review.

HAY MA RK.ETS.—L At per Load of 36 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND (LATE Si'. JAMES'S.)
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 15 to £3 0
Vew Meadow Hay 2 15 3 15
Useful Old Ditto 3 0 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 5
Llover Hay 4 0 5 5
Oat Straw £1 Bto .£1 10 I Whcat Straw... 112 113
A limited supply, and a sluggish trade; prices stationary.
SMITHFIELD.

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 0 to .t 3 5
New Meadow Hay 3 0 3 10
Useful Old Ditto 3 5 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay (extra tine)...,£s 10... Generally
5 5
0,,t Straw ... XI 10 to X.l 121 Wheat Straw ll3
Supply short, trade very dull, and prices barely stationary. 13

CONSISTENCY.—It may be worthy of recol-
lection that Mr. BARING'S was the first name to the re-
quisition calling upon Mr. Hum to stand for Middlesex.

j

~y ~
`v

HORNCASTLE GRAND REFORM

FESTIVAL.

(Abridged from the Stamford News of Fridays)
On Tuesday last, about 150 gentlemen partook of an
elegant entertainment, provided in the assembly-room at
Horncastle, to celebrate the triumph of the Reform Bill.
The Right Hon. C. TENNYSON, M. P., took the chair,
and was supported on the right by Sir W. A.
Bart., M.P., Titus Bourne, Esq., of Dalby, &c., and on
the left by the Hon. C. A. Pelham, M.P., Sir M. J.
Cholnieley, Bart., Mayor Braeltenbury, &c. &c.—Colonel
CRACROYT officiated as Vice.—The cloth having been
withdrawn,
The CHAIRMAN said, gentlemen, I give you the health
of " The King," three 'lines three. Tune " God sive
the King."
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The Duke of Sus-
sex," three times three. Tune, " Rule Britannia."
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, I now rise to propose a
toast which demands our best attention. Gentlemen, I
propose to you " The People, and may they ever prove
themselves the faithful and prudent guardi iris of their own
liberties." Three times three.
The Hon. C. A. PELHAM—Gentlemen, I feel myself
peculiarly fortunate by having lately received information
upon some of the great questions that will shortly come
under the consideration of the next Parliament. Gentle-
men, I am sure it will give you much pleasure when I
state, that his Majesty's Ministers are now considering, if
they have not already prepared, a Bill which they intend
to bring into Parliament to reform the glaring abuses in
the Church.—(Loud cheers ) lam glad also to be able
to say that the measure will be a moderate one. When I
t'ay moderate, I mean a measure against which no person
who is a real and not a fictitious reformer can urge the
least objection ; or, to use the language of the individual
from whom I derived my information, it will be a real and
efficient Reform.—(Loud cheers.) lam also glad to be
able to infortn you, from excellent authority, that there is
also another subject under the consideration of his Majesty's
Ministers—l mean the speedy abolition of slavery.—(Loin!
cheers.) I trust they will not be impeded in the course
which they are pursuing, awl that those obstacles which
were thrown in the way of the Refertn Bill will not azain
Ise employed to prevent us from effecting a Reform in the
Church.—(Loud cheers.) I think we may safely de'y
any person to prove that Reform is not necessary in the
Church.—(Continued cheers.) Gentlemen, I shall now
conclude by proposing the health of his Majesty's Mini-
sters.—Three times three.
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, you will speedily have
an opportunity—no doubt probably in December, or at the
latest in January, of electing new representatives for the North
division of this county ; you will therefore recollect that
the duty which you have to discharge is one that you owe
to the whole people of England ; that you have to con-
sider not only who are the most efficient persons to repre-
sent you, but who are the individuals who, in your judg-
ment, are the best calculated to promote the liberty and
prosperity of the country.—(Loud cheers.) The two
gentlemen before you who now represent this extensive
county in Parliament, have selected the North division as
the district which they aspire to represent hereafter. One
of them, my Hon. and excellent Friend who sits beside
me (Sir \V. Ingilby), is an oil, a tried, and faithful public
servant.—(Tremendous cheering.) But, gentlemen, let
us not presume upon his just popularity—upon his great
talents—upon his devotion to the public service, or upon
the painful services which he has rendered to his country,
for I understand that proceedings are on foot, and that in
this very neighbourhood—and with all respect to you be
it spoken, I know of no neighbourhood where it is more
likely that attemp.s will be made—to circumvent the free
exercise of that suffrage with which you are invested by
the Constitution.—(Tremendous cheers.) The affair is
yours —(Loud cheering.) His opponents commenced
their proceedings by 80)st:rib:ilk an immense bag of gold,
which probably for the most part had been wrung by
corrupt practices from the sweat and labour of the people—
(tremendous cheering)—to employ the very gold so stolen
from them to overturn their liberties.—(Continued
cheering.) And yet, gentlemen, those men designate
themselves the Conservatives.—(Lend laughter.) Of
what arc they the Conservatives ? Why of their own
corruption.—(Loud cheers.) Are they Conservatives of
the Throne ?—(No, no.) They have made the Throne
totter to its very foundation ! Are they Conservatives of
mbe House of Peers?—(Shouts of No, no.) No, gentle-
men, have they not produced and sanctioned all those
usurpations by which Peers have presumed to send their
Members to the House of Commons in order to impose
taxes on the people and to subjugate their liberty?—
(Loud cheers.) Are they Conservatives of the altar? No,
for they have produced—they have sanctioned—they have
connived at the very abuses which my Hon. Friend Mr.
Pelham has informed us his Majesty's Ministers are about
to redress.—(Loud cheers.) It is to these Tory Conser•
vatives that we are to attribute all the gross delinquencies
of which we have to complain.—(Cheers.) The only
purpose for which they have combined—for which they
have allied themselves together—is to uphold and main-
tain the system of corruption which you are so anxious to
repudiate..-.(Loud cheers, and " True, true.") Then
will you, gentlemen, permit the dregs of this despicable
and 'despised faction to accomplish their desire of defeating
you in returning my Hon. Friend as one of your repre-
sentatives to time next Parliament ?—(No, no, and loud
cheering.) Gentlemen, with respect to my Hon. Friend,
he has also eminent claims upon your regard.—(Cheers.)
I am satisfied I need not say any more in recommendation
of the toast which I have to introduce, namely, " The
health of the Members for the county of Lincoln, and
thanks to them fur their exertions in Parliament." The
toast was drank with three times three enthusiastic cheers.
Sir WILLIAM Borisov rose amidst tremendous cheer-

ing, and spoke to the following effect :—Mr. Chairman
and Gentlemen,—l am the agent of the people. lam
your agent.—(Loud cheers.) lam fighting for your li-
berty against a combination which has already been pretty
well expo,ed before you.—(Continued cheers.) Gentle-
men, I fear that my Right Hon. Friend has laid it on
rather more thickly than I deserve : he has laid on the
complimentary part in the way which great orators are
often wont to do—(Loud laughter)—but nevertheless I
do claim for myself the privilege of stating, that so long
as I have had the honour of representing this county in
Parliament, I have endeavoured to do my duty to that
constituency which returned me there.—(Loud cheers,
and "so you have, Sir William.") I have been navigat-
ing the Isle of Axholme during the last week, and not-
withstanding the great exertions of Thomas Lightfoot,
who annually pockets 2,000/. a year out of your taxes,—
I say, notwithstanding he has also been assisted by Parson
fetirurananpcdteerd t fhreo mi
nu
nhei s.
Beckett, I have met with a considerable ddaerloatrldoo;
tshauencedcleescs.
I-
dptWnoi
cahtkaepetrtdec.
prevent
emunl(idtnLaottuhti
ohdeneecl
heocpe
efteor
snrsas.in)neynx pteyTherhtea, seeing a pensioned fellow
going about to canvass their votes, but that he wished
tors in the Isle are freeholdeeinrnsnggirenesoael
can with confidence state that I stand in a very re-
spectable situation there as compared with the Tory
Alember.—(Cheers.) And yet Parson Beckett states me
to be nothing more or less than a Yorkshire manufacturer:
he hat in the public paper insinuated as much, namely,
that for the benefit of the manufacturers in Yorkshire I
am prepared to sacrifice the interest of the agriculturists
of Lincolnshire.—(" falsehood.") I say it is un-
becoming the character of a parson, who teaches and
preaches religion, to throw out so vile an insinuation to
delude the people.—(Loud cheers.) The only men I must
excuse for conduct like this, are the well-paid lawyers.—
(Loud cheers and laughter.) He who receives a brief,
iwii(r)eu:danrdeceiv
you have
a brief from
hseedooe,mvitthhehimDei he get
:vl
but:
fora minister
inpiasi his
ted
eof
theiznd Gospelgtho
tciitruceu lhait falsehood
se
Majesty's
is beyond
sty.si
inibt.rs allto
took
tendurance,hein up
andand
et uhreneresd.
)thellonvtelermaeul (I
am aLsoouud sho
sound, right
of
ttrulsatuyg,hatuedr
loyal constitutional Reformer, ready to go to every possi.
le extent in behalf of the rights and liberties of the people,
and in consequence lam called an Atheist. Really these
parsons are funny men. I do not believe there is such a being
as au Atheist on God's earth ; I care not what men may
say, but I do not believe there exists such a person as an
Atheist.—(Loud cheers.) If there be such persons, they
may be found amongst the fat and pampered Bishop'; and
Pluralists, and I denounce them as Atheist-t.—(Loud
cheering.) I turn round boldly upon the parsons—and I
tell theta, if there are Atheists in this country, the atheism
begins in their own shop.—(Shouts of laughter.) What
the diocese is or where the fellow lives who here is adver-
tising (Sir William held a newspaper advertisement in
his hand) his church preferment openly before the coun-
try—before the Diocesan, and in the face of that ve-
nerable establishment which they say I am endeavouring
to pull down, but which I say I am for properly repairing
augh r
and maintaining, I do not know : but I will say, if
this parson dej not get his ears shook about his head,
I think it
But here stands advertised in the Paper " Church Pre-
ferment,"
iit to an
the serious attention of all pious characters. It
will,i t'
it e
is a
describedpity.—(Loudill a mannerlte whichand
willcheer en-
title
comprehends " the perpetual curacy and next presenta-
,t,iftatin—e
three miles from Hythe." In what dio-
cese is that?—(Shouts of "Rochester."_) 0, then, I
will send this to the Bishop of Rochester.—(Loud
cheers.) But to. return. "It is recommended to the
attention of a respectable and worthy Divine I' Cer-
gre3t
things—" small tithes"—(laughter)—and all sorts
and

tainly it is a fine fat thing for a respectable and worthy
Divine—a nice sinecure, with nothing to do except in
due season to pocket the usual quantity of glebe and
tithe !--(Loud and continued laughter.) It states
that the quit rents amount to something very pleasant, and
amongst other things:that there is " a very fine preserve of
sane."—(Laughter.) A very fine preserve of game !
(Roars of laughter,)—and to wind up the whole, ' it is
only at the distance of two miles from a pack of capital
fox hounds!"—(Continued laughter.) Here, therefore,
you have advertised some of the benefits and advantages de-
rived from the Chtt•ch of England : good shooting ! and a
pack of capital fox-hounds! ! But there is yet something
else, which appears to me ambiguous. " Other advantages
that cannot be alluded to except in the course of private
explanation."—(Loud laughter.) So you will perceive
these are the religious gentlemen by whom I am told that
lam an atheist. Really, this advertisement is so rich a
thing that I feel tempted to send a copy to Drake, d, with
my own annotations.—(Laughter and cheers.) Gentle-
men, I thank you for the honour of your patient atten-
tion, and beg to drink all your good healths. The Hon.
Bart. sat down amidst loud cheering, which continued for
several minutes.
The Urn C. A. PELIIAM then rose amidst enthusiastic
cheering, and spoke to the following effect :—Gentlemen,
I am but little known to you ; but what I have done in
the House of Commons, has been of the same public utility
as if I had been there for two or three sessions. The
duties were certainly arduous I-ar a young man like myself,
and I think it cannnt be said of me, as it may of some, that
I went to Parliament pledged to vote for Reform, and
when there voted against it.—'Loud cheers.) If you
think that I have done my duty, I trust you will continue
to manifest your kindness towards me, and that I shall
again be placed in the proud situation of your represents-
tive.—(Loud cheers.) Having said thus much, I think it
will be as well, before I proceed further, to correct an error
into which the Hon. Baronet Sir Wm. Ingilby has fallen,
when he states that Lord Monson's conduct to his tenants
negatives the assertion that his Lordship has directed his
tenants to vote for whom they please. I now hold a letter
in my hand, addressed to me by that Noble Lord, which
it is my intention to make use of, for I have been informed
that the tenants of that Noble Lord refused to promise
their votes until they knew his Lordship's pleasure on the
subject. The letter is as follows :

SIR,—I shall be most happy if my tenants like to vote for
you ; but it is my wish to leave them unshackled in the disposi.
tion of their suffrages. I have the honour, &c. MONSON.
Gentlemen, I think it only fair to that Noble Lord to
give publicity to this letter, which will correct a misim-
pression that has gone forth on the subject.—(Loud
cheers.) I have had the satisfaction of informing you,
upon excellent authority, what are the measures which it
is the intention of his Majesty's Ministers to introduce in
the next session of Parliament. The Bill for Reform of
the Church I know is already prepared.—(Tremendous
cheers.) I trust that this measure, like the one recently
given, will be temperate and moderate, but amply efficient.
(Continued cheering.) On the question of Negro Slavery,
I do not know whether I can go so far as to say that any
specific measure is already prepared ; but I can go so far
as to say, that it is their intention to do their utmost to
repudiate the system altogether.—(Loud cheering.) The
Hon. Member, after some further observations, sat down
amidst loud and enthusiastic cheering.
Sir W. INOILBY rose. —After some excellent preliminary
observations, the Hon. Baronet alluded to the circumstance
of many honest and conscientious tenants being tied down
by tyrannical landlords. But, gentlemen, said the Hon.
Baronet, I will work out their redemption : the 201.
tenant shall ere long possess the right of voting; if you
do not like the 201. you shall have a 101. qualification.—
(Loud cheering.) I would not, however, give the 101.
qullification to the tenants of such men as my Lord Brown-
low—(Loud cheers)—without an adequate protection in
the free exercise of this suffrage : the vote shall be free,

or he shall not have a vote at all —(Loud cheers, and
shouts of " The ballot, the ballot.") Aye, gentlemen,
you roust come to the ballot. I will give the tenant a vote,
and he shall have the ballot wherewith to exercise it.—
(Loud cheering for some minutes.) The Hon. Baronet
concluded by proposing as a toast " Civil and Religious
Liberty throughout the world, and especially the Abolition
of Slavery throughout the British dominions." Three times
three.

The Hon. C. A. PELLIAM, in rising to propose a toast,
alluded to the question of the ballot. I have, said Mr.
Pelham, divested myself of all partiality to my own opin-
ions on this subject, as far as any man can possibly do so:
. _

and I can truly state to you I really do believe there is no-
ing I have already seen which would authorise me to get
up in the House of Commons and say the majority of the
sensible and well-thinking electors of Lincolnshire are in
favour of the ballot.—(Shouts of " They are, they are,"
" take the sense of the room." The majority appeired to
differ in opinion with Mr. Pelham.) Gentlemen, I mere-
ly refer to the immediate neighbourhood of Horneastle : if
we take the sense of this room, it will certainly afford no
criterion of the opinions of the electors of Lincolnshire.—
(Shouts of" partly so.") I shall think it my duty to op-
pose it unless I hear such arguments advanced in the House
of Commons, as will convince me it would not produce
the mischief which I anticipate.—(Cries of " No mischief
at all.") The Hon. Member concluded by proposing the
health of Sir Montague Cholmeley, and I hope I may add,
that he may again be returned for the borough of Gran-
tham. Three times three.

Sir_llloNTacuE CHOLMELEY said, I am delighted to

hear from my Hon. Friend that it is the intention of his
Majesty's Ministers to take the important question of
Church Reform into their immediate consideration. On
the question of the Ballot, I should be deficient in moral
courage if I did not express to you my conviction, that at
present I see no necessity for such a measure.
The CHAIRMAN here proposed as a toast " The Press,
the palladium of British liberty." Three times three.
Mr. ISTORTHHOUSE-The Conservatives:are not happy in
their logic. It does not follow, that because you attack
tithes, you disbelieve in Gud ; because you abominate
pluralities, that you must be a heatlin ; because you
venture to doubt whether certain holy men are not too
well paid, and do too little work for their money, that you
are an infidel ; nor must it follow, that because you hint
that certain right reverend fathers better beseem the
Lord's House than the House of Lords, that you are to be
declared unworthy to sit in Parliament,—leagued against,._
written against,—clubbed against,—aye, and deemed
worse than an India❑ Paris, fit only to be bunted out of
all respectable society.—(Cheers ) Let Sir Wm. console
himself. Atheists indeed ! I burl back the calumny on
themselves. They are the Atheists—they, making the
House of God a den of thieves,—they, straining at gnats
and swallowing camels,—they, professing godliness for an
ungodly gain, —they, covering the simple beauty of Chris-
tianity with the tawdry trappings of a harlot,—they, who
fright good and simple men away from the contemplation
of the Altar and the Cross, by exhibiting them bedizened
with human fancies and deformed with human vices.—

(Great cheering.) But, unhappy as they are in calling
their opponents Atheists, are they happier in calling thent-
selves Conservatives ? Your eloquent and patriotic Chair-
man has powerfully ridiculed their pretensions to the
character of conservatives as far as regards the throne, the
altar, and the Peerage : let us ask if they are any more
the conservatives of the law, or the Constitution ? Con-
servatives of the law ! What they? ! They who yin-
late the law at every election by bribery,—base bribes and
political prostitution ! They conservatives of the law!—
they conservatives of the Constitution !—they who wan-
tonly trample upon the sacred right and as sacred ohliga-
tion of an Englishman, to obey his King's writ, and give
his vote freely for ois own representative !—they, the
Exeters, the Newcastles, the Brownlows !—they, con-
servatives of the law and the Constitution ! Tell

it not in Newark, mention it nut in Stamford, lest the
very walls cry shame upon the impudent pretensions, and
laugh them to utter scorn.—(Great cheering.) Btr,
genlemen, you may believe perhaps one thing—that they
are Conservatives of themselves. But even there lam at
issue with them. I can tell them that they walked on the
crater of a volcano when they strove in their insanity to
kindle its fires. I can tell them, on the authority of a
gentleman of the highest personal and political integrity,
that at the period when they made the throne totter by
their intrigues for place, when England expected the de-
cision of the King in favour of Wellington and his milita-
ry myrmidons with almost breathless horror—l can tell
them that the project was more than contemplated of
digging trenches in every road leading to Birmingham, to
prevent the advance of cavalry and artillery, and then pro-
claiming a provisional government.—(Loud cries of hear.)
I can tell them, on the authority of Mr. Daniel Wakefield,
it was more than contemplated by the National Union
meeting in London, to summon ten thousand of its mem-

hers, to place the iron palisades of Leicester-squ ire in their
hands, and to march upon both Houses of Parliament.
Had these things taken place where would have been their
conservatism then ? And yet, torso( tb, they even affect to
be the very conservatives of the Reform Bill itself. Now thi.t
it has become law they offer themselves as its guardians.
Gentlemen, you will have the ballot,—in a very short
time you will have the ballot. I deplore it, I deprecate it.
Come, however, it will,—the Brownlows, the Exeters,
the Newcastles, and the Sheffielils, are bringing it swiftly
on, and upon their heads lie the consequences. If the se-
crecy of the ballot beget other secrecies,—if men begin for
other purposes to prefer darkness to light,—if electors feel
no responsibility to the non-electors, or to one another in
what they are doing, and the land become demoralised and

the national character destroyed,—npnn the heads of the
aristocracy be the consrquences. Mr. N. sat down amid
long-continued cheering.
The Hon. C. A. PELHAM proposed the health of
" Major Brackenbury and the British Army." Three
times three.

Major BRACKENBURY-Gentlemen : I consider the
passing of the Reform Bill which we are now met to cele•
prate, will he handed down to and hailed by posterity
'ne of the brightest events in British history.—(Cheere.)
An event which must surely be productive of most bene6•
cial results, being fully calculated to do away with those.
ross and shameful abuses which have hitherto existed ill
.Meeting Members to serve in the Commons House of Par-
-1 i amen t.:7- (Cheers. )

Sir MONTAGUE CHOLMLEY-Gentlemen, I give you
the health of the Right Hon. Ch rrlrs Tennyson, and nitY
he be triumphantly returned for the metropolitan borough
if Lambeth, with three times three.—(Shouts front all
;rails of the room, " No, we'll drink the toast with font'
times four, for he is worth it.") The toast was drank
with four times four.—(Tremendous cheering.)
The Right Hon. C. TENNYSON rose amidst continued
cheerine, and spoke to the following effect :—Gentlerneet
I marked the cheer with which you received one passage
which fell from my elept.tnt friend Mr. Northhouse. That
powerful passage in which he said that he for one would
endure the extremes of misgovernment rather than en--
.!ounter one of those bloody contests which agitate the
whole frame of sociey. From that catastrophe we hare
escaped ; may we ever do so.—(Loud cheers.) I trust
the liberties of the country are now placed on a sure
foundation.—(Loud cheers.) Although individuals who
hold opinions with ourselves, are denounced by the con-
servatives by what they consider the abusive appellation
if " Radical,"—(Loud laughter)—l say those Radicals
with wham I have been in communication, namely, the
patriotic, intelligent, and high spirited constituency of
Lambeth, who have been introduced to you by al
Honourable Friend, hold opinions not one whit more
radical than your own.—(Enthusiastic cheering.) It was
said that the metropolit in districts were inhabited by in'
lividuals to whom it would be unfit to entrust the
elective franchise—that it would tend to uproot the la'
stitutions of the country.—(Shame, shame.) It was nll
business to present myself to them on their own invitation,
to submit myself to he interrogated by them in the most
public manner on all the vital questions which will coons
before the consideration of the next Parliament. I did se'
And what was the result ? Why in the numerous assent-
blag,e by which I was surrounded, I did not find a single
individual put any question which had the slightest tot'
dency to destroy the institutions under which this country
has prospered.—(Loud cheering.) On the contrary,
they were governed by a doti mined resolution to preserve
instead of to destroy—to reduce the public burthens--to
promote civil and religious liberty—to reform the church
(loud cheering)—to ameliorate the tithe system—(loud
cheering)—to abolish negro slavery in the British donsi-
nions—t substitute Triennial Parliaments for Septennial
Parliaments—(loud cheers)—to secure the vote by ballot---
(loud cheers)—to reform the administration of the laws---
to repudiate those heavy expenses and vexatious delays
which amount to a denial of justice—to destroy those mot.
nopolies which depress the industry of the people—to put
an end to pensions and sinecures—not those which are the
rewards of merit, but those which are received by unde-
serving individuals.—(Loud cheering.) If, gentlemen,
these were Radical notions, why then I am one of the
greatest Radicals that ever existed. The Right lion.
Gentl mars sat down amidst enthusiastic cheering.
Sir W. INGILBY gave as a toast, " The Schoolmaster.'

—Three times three.
Mr. WARDEN—The conservative is a Wily tyrant ; b.

!necks our courage by tasking our humanity- ; and stands
by his flag unflinching, only because he knows that tan'
dare riot drive him from his unrighteous hold, lest in the
exasperation of his flight, he should leave desolation be-
hind him l—(Cheers.) Such an enemy is too atrocious
to he despise d ; we whose hands ate untied must meet hilt)
with every energy that we can command ; and on every
spot where he cannot make our brethren in bonds
r 'moan between him and our indignation. Defeat it
not enough ; lie must be crushed beneath the mass •
that he is endeavouring to undermine ; and who knows
but that the last feather may prove a proverb upon
his head ! I have heard more than one of that egre-
gious clutch, ask in the agony and simplicity of their
hearty, what possible necessity we could have for the fur-
'her services of Sir William, now that the Reform Bill is
passed ? I will tell them. We have not yet done with
Sir William ; we have something more for him to do :
we have got the Reform Bill ; but we have riot yet secured
the fruits of it : we have got the title to our inheritance;
but we have not yet obtained possession of it ; and before
we can do so an action of ejectment has to be tried and
won against many a score of robbers and jobbers, who
have so long and unjustly withheld it from us! At
present we have only got a note of hand for our rights, '
drawn by the last Parliament upon the next ; and a 9
Sir William happens to be one of the endorsers, and we
consider him a good man, we will not pa: t with him, Inv
61 the Bill, or the whole all, is fully and punctually,
liquidated ! A friend near me whispers—' and not then
—so say I most heartily, though at the risk of being
thought somewhat overreaching; for as Sir William so
readily lent us his name to this bill, should it be honours'
bly met, he will probably have no objection, should WI
need his assistance, to accommodate us with his name to
another one ! Wiry the Tories must be march mad, or
else must take us for midsummer fools, to imagine that we
have been battling so lung only for a bill—for an emptY
abstraction—fur a mere recognition of rights without any
practical enjoyment of them : they must be in their do-
rage, or otherwise must suspect us of the most wayward
puerility, to think that we have been so long call-,
ing for an honest House of Common', without having
-ome honest work cut out for it; for my part I hail tire
Reform Bill not merely as a triumph of principle for party
to pride itself upan, and to pass away like all such partY
triumphs with the excitement of the day, but as a mea-
sure that must lead to those great objects of permanent
and comprehensive benefit to the nation, to which Par'
liatnentary Moran was as indispensible as the purity Of,
justice is to the correction of wrongs. The eyes of all
England are fixed upon this great struggle between aristot"
erotic domination and the freedom of election ; and were
it to end in the failure of a popular candidate, the last
lamp of Toryism is extinguished at once and for ever. ID
less than twelve months an indignant people would cars/
the ballot, as they carried the Reform Bill! and then, Icel.'
come a dark and eternal night to that worse than Russian
seriship, which sheds a gloomy grandeur over the domains
of Belton and Blankney ! Come it must.
Several other toasts and speeches followed, but we have
no room to insert them. The meeting broke up about
one o'clock on Wednesday morning, and was one of the
most enthusiastic ever known in Lincolnshire.

VVe are glad to learn that in the metropolis►
and the metropolitan boroughs, we are likely to have maul
candidates of eminent abilities, whose names have not yet
met the public ear. They are almost to a man in favour
of vote by ballot.-3forning Advertiser.

gl el.c'
tt
L pistolsomn tushst.pue i spirits
4, A Yeoman" informs us, that Lords WIN..
CHILSEA and WELLINGTON looked unutterable things,:
each other when they met in Eastwell Park, as t"
events of late years pissed through their minds—the 03'
t' i °lie Question—Battersea Fields—the Reform Bill--Vie
to•onu theirld bays refcooul
.rt
ttv•aol
venturingl yeul Ocandoe
on some
sot
congenialhi
neeil'ut
vtesh,xioetpnhycl
doa
eunbt 1
.val
ball
—they
tdeeidytl
whether
h,ffeueori,
irowk—ntedh
ttteehhhr
eeee
wondered
rogue
eogt
oiib everders,t,
in The Beggars' Opera, they wisely terminated the COr"
versation by together ejaculating, "Brother, brother, WC
were both in the wrong !" A new covenant of aniline;
against the people was struck by these two worthies, an
each departed highly pleased to have met in the other 1'
bird of the same feather.—Kent Herald.

MARSHAL SOULT-AN ANECDOTE.---"1/1
1815, after the battle of Waterloo, Marshal SOULT, /115,1°1'
sieneral of the Imperial army, after having been Minister
of Lours XVIII., and apprehending the results of his de-
f.ction, fled to Malzien, department of the Lozere, at the
house of his old aide-de-camp General Blau?: ni< Vir
LERET. The Royalist Committee of Mende instantly
sent an armed force to Malzien, for the purpose of sosing
Marshal SOULT, under the impression that his presence
in that part of the country would reanimate the 13°fli-
i..artists, and that it might occasion a civil war. Whe-
,,
,ought before the Royalist Committee, which was con
posed of the most respectable gentlemen of the town.
Mende, the Mirshal accosted the President in the following
manner:—" I wish to know the cause of my art est ?"--"Y°d
have hArayed the confidence of Louts XVIII. to whom Y°.;
it we sworn allegiance." MI e the Marshal drew from
°mom a portrait of LOUIS XVIII. and proceeded—"
I never ceased to love the Prince whom this miniature rer
presents." " But, Sir," observed the President-, c`you
acts do not agree with your professions."--,a Ah then,
Mr. President," observed the Marshal, archly, " then Y"ue
.1,-) not know that in politics it is necessary to wear more
Man one cloak I" We pledge our elves for the truth of lb.'
inecdote. Miy one venture on the great liberty of 10:,
'juicing what "man/le" it is in which the Lt-linoter 0
Louis Pitmen now cow-It-scut& to muffle himself.---t Tr'
bane, French Paper.
