?.11rils, civil and criminal, and shall, by the dele-
to ,IJifitiet.t powers for that purpose, enable the
wernment in India to modify and improve our
institutions to the extent which may from time to
fund necessary, from that moment the unre-
admission of European British subjects, and the
season to acquire and hold landed property on an
an* with the natives of India, may he conceded,
without inconvenience, but with most important
t° ;India as well as to Great Britain." Mr. Holt
w> an authority which must create a great im-
also held a similar opinion. But it was very
til t° see what the Judge of the Supreme Court
e tuhject. Sir Edward Ryan said, on the 2d of
ISe
f ."9,....." To leave the European owner or oc-
c:i'ende, or the manufacturer, at great distances
cotta amen-ble only to the jurisdiction of the Su-
cotr, or subject only to the mofussil courts, with
to .1 Powers which they at present possess, would
thel '''ll a system of fraud and injustice, and
attatives so entirely at the mercy of the settlers,
`"jult it would be an insuperable obstacle to
of Europeans to settle in the interior. lam
=fled that all persons in the interior of the
'ust be subject to the courts of the district which
te" All these great authorities recognised the
It which he contended as one which ought to be
:Notice not only to India but to Europe. He
thought the House could not object for one
take into consideration the plans he proposed
''''g the facilities of intercourse between the
-11,d the Europeans in India. The subject would
t"
closest and most thorough consideration, and
t, be approached with due caution. He would
lw on this high and general ground,—that no
Whatever should be made in its administration
lives and Europeans. This would be one step
ultimate identification of the two classes. But
.in could not be expected to be very imine-
effected, indeed, without considerable del iy. He
'e, however, to strengthen the legislative
the general government by adding four to
i of each presidency, whose deliberations on
. law should be assisted by the addition of
'Wo practising barristers or judges. Perhaps
assimilation of the law might be greatly ef-
directing the exertions of the presidencies to
No European, after the passing of the
!asure, must expect to enjoy any privileges he-
enjoyed by the natives, but would be placed
same laws and subject to the same punishments.
Proposed as an indispensable condition, and for
F effecting that complete identification of the
which was so much to be desired. According
_ of Mr. Edmonstone, it appeared that the
formerly attendant on the holding of land by
' Were almost entirely removed, and that the
."as entirely abandoned. Mr. Edmonstone said
itri-tlitrice, in 1832—" In fact, the question with
'ltte`ge admission of Europeans as landholders seems
layead9 decided, the local government having, with-
cus reference to the authorities at home, come to
°I,tIWI to allow Europeans to hold leases of sixty
tation; that arrangement has been e,onfirmed by
4ities at home, with the limitation of the leases
'Dne years instead of sixty. In fact, it seems to
e subject is no longer open to decision ; that
CtiCoos question of admitting Europeans to esta-
Ltelves as landholders in the interior of the
',disposed of by that resolution, and the limited
t1,4:‘,10 of it to which I was entirely averse."
'lq object was to obtain an equal and general
.61 laws, so that all should know and obey
ti4‘,o legislation should take place for English-
bout a regard to the interests of the natives.
abject he would trouble the House with almost
t,,botation be intended to make. It was an ex-
'man outline of a system of courts for the British
iti India, in the following words :—" If the
are to be opened to British settlers, let it be
cs, /. understood, eo that no doubt may remain, nor
tilld for subsequent reproach that they go to live
e'P9tie and imperfect but strong government ;
tarry with them no rights but such as are
. there by the natives themselves ; and that it is
L give .
kJ', at present to them either that security and
1 ;Ylksnt of landed property, or those ready re-
, t°t; private wrongs, which more regularly consti-
peroinents afford. A tolerable system of criminal
4.;vve believe, might even at present be established
~.°45 the greater part of India." It was also his in-
‘u Propose, in the Bill which be should introduce
)°osirieration of Parliament, that no native of
' , old be prevented from holding offices or employ-
' ander the government , on the grounds either of
" ''r, birth, or religion. t He could not also avoid ad-
; to the existence of slavery in the East Indies, and he
. . mind the Rouse that a great and material difference
1 between ti,e slat cry of the Nest India colonies and
; iial at present prevailing in the East Indies. In the
could not be questioned that the state of slavery
itiliog but severe, except in Malabar, where it
ko
I be denied that many cruel cases of slavery bad
From the general institutions of the castes
sit,
„ connected with their religion, it was conse-
-1 ~,,eksary that the House should deal very can-
. ' k,ith the subject ; and he should think the best
be followed in this respect would be, that a com-
atthestlld be framed, and appointed to inquire into
• Port the best mode to be adopted for disposing of
4 . ')'stem ; but in this respect he thought it would
, '4 d that no immediate steps could be taken. The
I▪ ttl was the assimilation of the laws in the Indies
Lisbar
,and although it would take some time
i to se laws could lie approximated, yet ne time
pi, 14.1 wit in taking steps towards that approximation.
g lkl4,stY should be extended, in order to ascertain the
e 'goer in which to vary the present system, and
i. t 40tv far it was possible to assimilate and blend
; gt: uuurts of law and those of the Company toge-
a 44 by a commission ought immediately to be
uY the Governor-General, and to be constituted
e .
d to441 I Well versed in the Indian l iw, together with
h So.hu sent out from this country, but to receive
I' le' Illtutents front the local government, and this
I.' 441' so formed, should examine into the whole
• pt.'4, report thereupon to the Governor. General
,' f=ll He should further feel it to be his duty,
4 lip.•UtOre stage of the Bill be should hare to pro-
p 71l the attention of the House to the state of the
= 141 establishments of India, the condition of which
a t; i'''he full consideration of the House; and though
• to us he should have to suggest would not be ex-
• lee !ttravagant improvements, yet he hoped they
O I,,iound sufficient to remedy existing evils :he
4 lb the necessity of rescuing the single Bishop of
i• it 4t the whole burden of the ecclesiastical duties
I , Present fell to his lot to discharge, and for
e %a he should propose to add the archdeacons of
r I:1 Bengal as suffragan bishops in India. He
r = 1114' stated the general result of the Bill, the
4 0 which he felt satisfied could not only be ren-
-1 ,-4e6cial to the East Indies, but also to this
c.
Le lie could not, however, conclude without re-
rd ii a :Bishop
from a letter emanating from a Bishop
4 qoishop Heber) which breathed forth the true
~ 14°Iicy and of Christian charity. Bishop Heber,
- W ter to the Governor-General of India, dated the
fr I'Pril 1805 had said—" I, lastly, beg leave to
d'
' - .'Lordship •'C
.1
i. I Ingratulations to your in Council on the
P. 1 ttlee and the appearance of general prosperity and
ti: rlpihieh, notwithstanding a protracted drought and
;f rit 4clurable circumstances, have attracted my atta-
r). I ht''''Y part of the Hon. Company's territories
iill
=t' 44 visited. It is my earnest prayer to that
ist i.,:iovla
j t ence who has already made the mild, and
*
ff l Ofktable government of British functionaries, pro-
ist'. .- 5 ,111°, much advantage to Hindostan, that he would
14. ", Prosper an influence which has been hitherto
ri.)llr tt.puled ; that he would eventually make our
-; 'tli'Penser of still gteater blessings to our Asiatic
tit- l' toe, in . s • d b suc gentle
Jo ,N, his own goo,. time, an .y . ...
iiss kt,l, 4'l tneans as only are well pleasing in his sight,
je , Cl,tie-it'iT ac. om.munity of faith, of morals, of science,
of litit,„ institutions, the brave, the mild, the civilized,
oe nrilutelligent race, who only in the above respects
lee ,th to fall short of Britons." The Right on.
led tit %eluded by moving resolutions to the effect—
'o ht Was expedient that all his Majesty's subjects
eat ; .14 t:it, liberty to repair to the ports of China, and to
ref 0 iluand all the other products of the said empire,
06 iiellta; F'h regulations and provisions for the commer-
ce( N'tlcal interests of this country as to the Govern-
-10'644 . ,t kt ein meet and proper. 2. That it was ex-
!f• .. 'ts,' if the East India Company should be in-
-Ist • itlt„it'rer to the Crown their estates and effects on
ref • NlC,Government of India, the Crown should take
0- t.lit 't!l obligations and liabilities whatsoever to
114
ate 01' A :14
.Company might
.be liable, subject to such
el' •• tt 'tight be determined by Parliament ; and,
is ~,ittil it was expedient that the Government
r ki.aktittld remain in the East India Company, under
1r lilt °l'lit as Parliament should prescribe.
7. At vf ;;snlution having been put by the Chairman,
ot, ihiih‘a he
addressed the House at considerable
et sti.',l :s;'°o Right Hon. Gentleman spoke in so low
re allth'ees that very few of his observations were
r to
rou gallery. He was understood to say, that
et of rtred in the propriety of rendering the native
for 4`lia, Without distinction of colour or religion,
all
(Aces of trust and confidence [under the

10

e refs ,'1 ttlbunall
0 u 4
of ,„fi
iers • Rover'
re 01
order_ he fmitu
atimis
ay '
loy 111r0liegio
ap footing
Eu ,
,44 Y With
• lost ,
••4 •
to :Int
hat
n, also
laverT ant to
$
ire, .4
the Rtl
• • „
me • 021.
If the
f leaf
ed, n'eutta
▪ verf 'oure,
evil° 'k
14:
ited
po
co
.000 e (tlheeoeh.
3(110
elle think
spool.
Wing al
je e thlt 1464
▪ 101 "'„Ltensc
lie obi .7tbit.o
pet Pat f
900 or v,
,orb ' t° Just:
to all thou
:eroe joe
$ tag
'IY se' a°dth
and tdthe cif
bey°. to be
stet. A .e law 0
001'. Wha
se a ~.
urt, native!
ler e°ll3l
14 the , t
ivy 0I 1,72 atoll
$ can „ het
effect
nellabl" 10):0P08e,
lis6° 0 .1) , the
found Nett of
sty's
.;e 1,1 law
re sub) two
▪ the lloilto
,hiec
J asst
for y ti
ual o% 'Jett.
in ID!". Ltl
eeasu
late nif
pprOV". Same
101 l 11
,„
prop,
laid, g: Ise of ,
tensioo
whi
has r 7mence
place '4o fort
le
were
)pre•
ss was el
and trid
en
Ct
,/'.nods... se° ki
