BULLETIN OF TELE 17Til.

" M. Boordeau this day made his Report oppil
the Law of Elections to the Commission. A new
discussion is commenced, and it is thought that
the Chamber will not take it into consideration
beforeTliiirsday.

ORDER OF MR D 1,4 rott THE, !STU.
" At twelve o'clock the disctil,sion of the Re-
port of the ConimisSion charged with the exami-
nation of the Project of Law relating to the
Mode of Collecting the 4 first twelfths of the
Contributions for the year 1817.
" Report of the <.;ormuission charged with the
examination of the Project of Law relating to
absent Soldiers.
" It is thought that the Chamber will also hear
the Report upon the Entiowments of Ecclesiastical
Establishments.

"FRANKFORT) U.C. l 1.--In th 7 eighth Sitting
of the Diet, which was held on the 2d °I this
month, M. de lhodrielt, Plenipotentiary Mini-
ster of Saxe-Weintar, presente4 the Constittitinn
of the State of that Duchy, unti prayed the As-

tenthly in the name of his Sovereign to place it
a►nong the archives of the Diet, and take it under
their protection.
" The Baron de Gagern, Plenipotentiary Minis-
ter of the Netherlands, said, that the Diet by
granting this guarantee would take the first step
towards its future importance. His Excellency
proposed a vote of thanks to his Royal Highness
the Grand Duke of Weimar, and all the persons
who assisted in the compiling of this Constitution.

" Baron Gruben, Minister of Bavaria, oppos-
ed the Diet's giving its guarantee, seeing that the
peace of the Interior of Germany was not me-

naced,
The greater part of the Ministers declared
their intentions of waiting instructions from their
Courts upon this stabject."
FRENCH FUNDS.

S per Cents 55 f. 80 c.

Bank Actions • • ••• 1155f.

Dutch and liamburgh Mails arrived this morn-
ing. The following are their principal con-
tents :
" Baussots, Dac. ls.—The Duke of Welling-
ton, upon his return to his head-quarters, has done
an act of justice which still farther entitlts him to
the general gratitude. In a village near Cambray
four houses were burnt, through carelessness in a
forge belonging to the English Army ; the Duke
has caused the full amount of the damage done to

be paid.
" Some British soldiers have been punished by
a Court-Martial, for having favoured the smug-
gling of prohiited
DEC. goods.
" AMSTERDb
AM, 14.—Acconnts from Su-
rinam of a very late date, the authenticity of
which may be depended on, state, that the reports
which have been for some time in circulation re-
specting disputes in that colony with the Bush-
Negroes are entirely without foundation.
" They write from Lille, that the French Go-
vernment continues with great activity the .re-
cruiting for the West India Colonies, and that the
conquest of St. Domingo is still stated to be the
object in view.
" Notice is hereby given to all Captains of
ships, &c. that instead of the coal tire which has
hitherto been kept on the Island of Boreum, a
light, with English lamps, is erecting 150 feet
above the surface of the sea ; the lighting of these
lamps will begin at the end of December instant,
or in 'January next.

4, J. U. FRANZIER, Superiutendaut.

" Auricle, Dec. 8, 1816."
it CO NSTANTINOPLE OCT. 25.—Count Ludolf,
who has resided here many years as Neapolitan
Ambassador, is to be succeeded by his son, who
is expected Isere next spring. Meantime his Sici-
lian Majesty has written a letter to the Sultan, to
announce to him his return to Naples, and to
thank his sublimity for the attention shewn to the
late Queen'Caroline during her residence in Con-

stantinople.
Contrary winds have hitherto prevented Conn

Italinsky from setting sail.
" FRANKFORT, Dec. B.—ln the Eighth Sitting
of the Diet, the claims of the Patrician HOuies of ,
Alt-Limpurg, in respect to their rights to a cer-
tain number of seat in the Senate of Frankfort,
was reported upon at length, and brought before
the Assembly, which resolved to eommunicate this'
remonstrance to the Senate of Frankfort by an
extract from the Protocol, and to
receive in two
mouths the observations the Sennte may have to'
after which the Diet would come
make upon
to a definitive resolution upnn' this difference re-
specting the•Constitutiorrof Frankfort,, according
to the 46th Article of the Act of Congress, in
case the 'parties should not prefer to come to an
amicable compromise befOreF that time.
haTve made
bc Pa.
tricians of the House of rauenstien
a similar application-to the Diet, but later, which
is the reason that they are not
mentioned in the

above resolution.
" STUTTGART), OCT. 4.w-The present King of
Wurtemburg has ituNV entirely broken up the
Menagerie near Stuttgard.
" STUTTOMID, OCT. B,_ Nothing decisive has
yet been done towards an agreement between the
King and the States; and particularly on the'part
of the latter no considerable step forward has

been made.
" Elis Majesty has, however, appointed a
Committee, consisting of Messrs. Von Waugeh-
helm, Von Neuratb, and Von Waechter, in order
to examine all the negotiations, relative to a Con-
stitution, which have hitherto taken place, and to
report upon them. A new plan is then to be
drawn op, and laid before the States as an ulti-

atom."

The Times, following up the subject sVe yester
day brought wider public notice, says very ju'
elollSk..

4‘ We lately undertook an Expedition agains
Pirates whose depredations were exercised of
other 11460E15i but never Oil our own trades 0141

we not be equally alert and vigilant to repress disw
orders by which our own flag, in common with
that of every Nation, is insulted ? It is a'known
fact, that desperadoes of all nations and all colours
are collected together by any person that chooses;
and that the Commander has nothing to do but
to hoist what is called the Mexican flag, or the
Carthaginian flag, and he presently assumes a
right to plunder any body and every body that be
meets. The first question to be determined is,
whether these new flags are to be recognized ?
the second, who shall be entitled to bear them ?
and the next, what belligerent rights they can be
allowed to convey ? At all events, some restric.

d

tion must be laid on the present indiscriminate
system of plunder; more especially with a view
to prevent the crewe of our own merchantmen'
tram murdering their masters, and running away
with the ships to join the pirates, which appears
to have been in the contemplation of more than
one offender lately brought to justice at the Ad-
miralty Sessions."

By a letter from Glasgow, received this day,
we find that a Subscription which had been in-
stituted for the Relief of the Lower Orders in that
City, had been supported with a spirit and libe-
rality infinitely creditable to the leading Gentle.
men there. The sum subscribed by the first ten
on the list amounted to not less than 16001., and
was rapidly increasing. This is the effectnal mode
of preserving the tranquillity of The Country, by
proving to the lower orders bow lively an interest
the more opulent take in their welfare. AN re-►
mains perfectly quiet. Our Readers vvill recollect
our having stated, that much exaggeration bad
appeared in some of the Public Prints respecting
what really happened at Glasgow.

St. Thomas's Day seems to have bad its tuts
effect on the Common Council Debate YelterdlY*
Parties kept their shies, but theta was little of
Ultra-ism or exaggeration with either.

i

r

It is much to be regretted that in these unruly.
alarming, and perilous times, some Institution hal
not taken place like that which was held, at the
Crown and Anchor 90011 after that dreadful e 1
plosion of democratical fury, the French Revolt"
tion, which excited apprehension and dismay all
over Europe, and threatened to spread its horrors
in this happy Island. At that period a considera•
ble number of public-spirited Gentlemen fissefil'
bled, and chose for their motto, " When burl *0
conspire', good men should associate' IV these
writtell
Gentlemen ninny admirable Tracts were
and circulated in cheap editions, among the gret,t
body of the Pebple, and more particularly seog
the lower classes. These publications were at',
tended with. the most beneficial effects. Thq
pointed out, anti forcibly depicted, the dreadful
character and tendency of the French Reit)lotions
and predicted all the horrors which it was OW"
fated to produce, .the confiscations,' massacreild
carnage, and despotism which were likely,
°ni,
proved to be the inevitable result of an of
power in the hands of flagitious Ambition.
attempts that are daily making, at the Preset/
moment, to sow sedition, to rouse the VI:
to rebellion, to overthrow the Government,
to destroy the Constitution, under the pretePts
of a Reform in Parliament, imperiously rail°
the renewal of a similar Association of patriotO
men, of enlightened minds; and who have a hall.
stake in the country. Supineness is criminal stt
this awful crisis, when so much pains are taken°
spread an inflammatory contagion among the iva
ferior orders of Society. Several of the Gentle
men who belonged to the former admirable Instk
cation are yet among us, with principles unshaken
and with unabated zeal. Let them come forward,
and no doubt they will be joined by enlightened
characters %vitt) have since that period reacheil ths
ranks of manhood, and who may possess talents
fitted to illustrate and support true political doe"
trines that might counteract the poison of wicket
Demagogues, render the People patient under
pressure of temporary suffering, preserve pOce
and good ,order, and snpport the Constittlii°
agaliv4 all the open and insidious attacks d it;
enemies. There are no doubt many public-spirite
Booksellers who wool(' resolutely and actively sor
port a Cause, not only of importance to this Cc"111'
to hi/
try, but to the civilized world at large. Is it 0
borne, th At low wretches and artful,miscr°4nto
should be permitted to carry on their attenWts.o
debase and corrupt the public mind, and to hi
of'
the country to ruin ; and that ourover saletP „,
der, justice, good gnment, and the best. ee-j,
litical fabric that human wisdom ever'
Set
vet tint
mr,
shonid be thus exposed to der, atm
ip
true Patriots shot id remain in torpid tratql
at such a trying crisis No, let torpid
ro::ccritf
defence of their country, and secure for et oil.'
that Constitution which has tender"' Grijatliil"
coin the tbvy and admiration ot ail sorra
NAtioits.

TEE LONDON D:th..Y NEW'SI'M'ERS,

[From the Journal de Paris of Ircdnadoy
One of the Journals of the South of Germany
gives the following account of the London News-
papers :
" The Times is the Journal of the WELLESLI9T
Party ; it is in opposition to the Milliners, who
do not want the Mat quit of WELLast.av ;It is
also 'with the Foxites., The Mornink Chronicle is
devoted to the Foxites; and the British Press sup-
ports the cw,ise of Lord GRaNVILLB and his ad-
lit:tents. The Morning Helrald is the Journal of
the REGENT'S Palace (Carlton-noose). The
Editor of the Ledger writes in the republican style,
but his intelligence is only addressed to Merchants.
The Editors of the Day and Advertiser only write
for Mechan;cs ; they copy the other Journals.—

• Ue Morning Post, which was formerly a Minis-
terial Journal, is no longer employed by the Go-
vernment ; the. Editor exclaims against them:
reveytheless, no Party .seeks to gain him. The
Courier and the Sun are the Ministerial Papers.—
The Star writes for the Barracks ; the Traveller
for Mercantile Riders ; and the Statesman for the
very Lowest Class of the Pe/pie, and the most In-
rious Democrats."

I

The &rads Oracle gives the following curious
specimen of the slavery Of (ie fresh under
parte anti Fouche
" The Liberal, a journal which is the worthy suc-
cessor of the NainJaune anti Mereure Surveillante,
charges us with having inserted in October, 1811,
a ridiculous article in praise of Buonaparte ; but
the honest Editor should have addetl'a trifling cit.;
tumstance, of which they could not .beignoratit,
viz. that such articles were inserted by order
The following is a proof :—ln 1809 the Editors
of the Oracle were arrested, itnprisoned, and their
Journal suppressed by order of Fouch6. Power-
ful interest:obtained their enlargement; with.power
to resume their Journal on the following condi-
tions Yon will signify to
,the Editor of the
Oracle (it is •Fouebi who speaks in his instructions
to. the Prefect), that he must Confine himself to
copying the Muniteur literally ; that he is forbid-
den to extract any article .from other Paris Papers,
er those of the departments; that the least depar-
ture from these conditions will he punished by the
suppression of his Journal, besides the measures
of high police that may be taken in regard to him.'
his order, of which we have a copy, was coin-
wunicated to us in presence of several persons who
et present occupy high situations in Brussels."
